“: Just to be clear, I am INCREDIBLE at life. #raw #wwe” No ur not. You Suck at life Johnny.
i just dont like to bug you like all those niggas i see on facebook
Also, the Jonas brothers aren't even a band anymore. So why are they relevant?
You're in Colorado. You are. I just saw you on the street corner. You were standing there and being all Jordan-y. Come see us.
haha. I wish they added "Hard Work"... a major oversight IMHO.
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. ~Voltaire
thanks for coming!
Dear Fall: step back a bit please. I'm not ready to start wearing stupid tights or sox yet because my feet are cold.
As I write this, the #Brewers have a better records than the #Yankees. I'm going to enjoy this while I can.
it will work if blogger lets you insert Javascript, I kinda doubt that it will
ahh i hate when his ustreams end :'(
I have an old G-Shock, but idc it's a G-Shock
They roll Fire Ant into the ring and hit More Bang For Your Buck and pose as the show fades to black.
At the PSU townhall meeting in Pittsburgh
Washin clothes for the Night. Gotta take my Boy to the Clinic in the a.m.
call on him!!!!
Just saw your post! Loved it! Thanks for visiting us!
omg you did!? now you have two! #likeaboss ;)
Sending kisses to all my dolls :)
Jamming out to kayne with daddy
RT : Man Ill Drink A MuthaFucka Under the Table..... Niggas Cant hang wit Me.....I'll take that bet
Chase Budinger should have dunked over us last night instead of
Travis just won $300 at bingo and so did Howie
let me know if you find any jean jackets
Indeed! What an opportune time 2 b in the eLearn industry: Browser wars, HTML5, rapid eLearn tools, mobile revolutio
The only thing that the hair I just used to floss my teeth did was remove some of my dignity.
These refs are weak!
No one can be sad with Louis around ;)
The Masters iPad app is awesome ... Excited for the Tournament to begin!
RT : Airport Security: Tips for Travelers: Written for airline passengers and all concerned with airline security, th......
I'm thinking a bassnectar playlist for this pre game (or 'warm up' as the Danes call it). That kind of night.
Unfortunately due to unforeseen circumstances Los Scrams won't be playing ABQ Zine Fest
Hehe i think i may kno the title(; of movie
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here’s my vagina, soo bang me maybe?
your #lesserrappers tweet is in the top 5 www.goo.gl/1rzKY
I don't wanna lose her now, You know I believe in how :')
after next weekends iconathon, we plan to share tips on how anyone can organize independent iconathons. stay tuned!
your better than the best
thanks. :) Hopefully I made them think a bit. At least intro to and #behaviordesign ;)
gr8 c u then.
GO GO GO!!! #LAPC 5k FT
As you go the way of life you will see a great chasm. Jump. It is not as wide as you think. Native American Proverb
I now know I dislike the Giants more than I dislike the Patriots.
Rye wine. Who knew?
Just back from Germany. Great trip. I think I drank my thrice my body weight in bier. Also, beautiful country. Makes Houston look like crap.
My NEW video Transa - Behind the Sun (Time Lapse Version) is COMPLETE! After 16hrs and 58 Minutes... Getting ready to upload it to Youtube!
i love it so much!
Girls who aren't mothers
Saturday morning and we'll at the CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic in Ocean Beach. Anyone concerned about vehicle habitation tickets? Best.
Girls that love God is a plus
Pretty sure Ron Weasley just walked in Applebee's...
Botox for migraines? No kidding. I just learned something new. I hope they do the trick Amber! :-)
Other systems available as well. Such as Goodman , American Standard and Payne units. kewlaire.com
Playing pre-game Stadium () then trucking up to the CLE to play the Screamin' Rooster with !
sounds like u had a goodnight lol
Bits of Portuguese and Creole floating in my brain from my littles ones. Helps to know how to say "open" in mult langs! :)
next weekend ;)
About 20 minutes away from First at 4! has your headlines, trending topics & viral videos!
Of course
An error will propagate its parent scopes upwards until a scope is found on which a boundary error event is defined that matches-as in life.
- Great to have ACE as a partner in this exciting new undertaking!
Well THAT would be okay with me, except judging by her cleanliness, I wouldn't trust it. Urine stained carpets.
I appreciate that
At club 2 me till about 8. Hit me up if you wanna come out.
Who has seen "Act like a Lady, Think like Man"? Is it worth seeing?
Perfect day for bocce and cheap beers at looneys... Welcome home
Home alone .-.
~ beautiful night!! Attempting a 90-block walk home!
One play touchdown to end the game ... Awesome run by Thomas. To bad it involved
:( Unfortunately, school midterms are a priority this week and I just couldn't work around it. Hope you had fun there, though!
Do you feel called to Qoya? For more one on one info email me @ xoxox
never mind, figured it out!
At the mall with one of my favs
getting my tan on
We must replace money with a work-credit system that most advanced ET's use. Many ET's use a system that allows everything to be free.
After going 5-0 last night I did not go out partying or buying shots like an degenerate gambler,I went to work on #Soccer get on the list
he is on my nerves. #jcnights #shuthimup he is trashy
Matinee=wow I feel young!
Happy Birthday Mr.MooMoo :) <3 have a blast <3
what are you doing on match.com?
hey, I was a little late - Facebook messaged you - but I'm here now. Did you leave already?
run Maint, nozel cleaning up to ten times. I had dry ink plug up mine.
Spring time in Tucson is the perfect time to take a night out on the town. Call today for a reservation for all of your transportation needs
its the remix to ignition hot and fresh out da kitchen!
You know, now that I pay for my own ziplock baggies again.... I'm down for reusing them.
Need to invest in a foam roller for real !!
looks terrible, classic shot fighter.
Figured out what I'm giving up for lent!
#IAMDABEAT ALL OVER THE ATL!! rockin in LA both coast on Lock!!
But people can now make a post from an iPhone or a BlackBerry while they�re sitting in your restaurant
Do you think Lackey ($$$$) paid Bucholtz ($) to be so awful so we'd want him back?
Having a SB party today? Go team!
the simi-melted frosting puddle in the middle
...quickly get too egregious for me. Subjectively, of course.
#Photography Show: Brooklyn College, April 2012
#FF I just saw that you will be speaking at Blogwell Chicago! Cool. Hope I'll get a chance to see you there.
No. Screw you all. The #besttvshowever was the
Jimmy McNulty loses to Stringer Bell at the Golden Globes.
#FF for their timely content and on-target articles for women in businss.
Aggression doing the trick today. Blinds are up. 75-150. About $11K
i was waiting for that joke....
Hooray for this!
Still have napkin with autograph from 2008 Geurilla Dinner with et al :-)
PrchsID 2002773622430.DELL service and sales likes to tell customers anything to make a sale-bait and switch-unethical!Not Happy!
Raley's French Sparkling Sodas! I use them for mixers in our cocktail recipes.
You need to start tweeting the stuff people say in your classes. INSTANT MILLION FOLLOWERS!
Anger management
haha- don't know that I quite qualify for famous, but thanks :)
You can't force the best friend label on someone.
It only comes once every 4 years... get ready for our one-day leap year sale on February 29th!
Caught up with former NFLer Eddie Kennison tonight in Chi-Town. He is doing some work w the
beautiful right? I thought it was just me!
The Autism 200 class offered by the Autism Center this evening is canceled due to weather.
had a wonderful convo with this morn. very generous man. ur blessed to work with him.
Finally got my own tv today! :)
break down that sub
Excellence is not a singular act but a habit. You are what you do repeatedly.
Never eating those Fiber-One bars again.. It's been like a Beethoven Symphony in here ever since...
#TheCastle is always ready for a session!..
Thankful for tweets from . It's almost like I'm there!
Shopping is a much better plan Use my quarters on new shirts.
You learn and grow 1 step at a time. Keep walking forward! I will be here to support u on the way!
RT its the avi lol <------ Well I'm gonna change it, lol
I miss you too chicaaa❤
What words would you want to have on you shirt before being barried?
Just woke up :)
Follow my besties , and ;)
Had a wonderful interior design social for the designers in our area. Great attendance and wonderful teamwork to make it happen!
I just got stung by a wasp! :(
Bad guys meet on N side of Rio Salado, E of Mill. By KPMG building.
Man everything gone be alright, really I just have to pray more and read the word more often..
Follow back please.
A letter just went out from the university to local residents mistakenly implying they have free access to check out books here. Ut-oh.
Totally had something to tweet about, but forgot it.
- perfect coffee house in downtown VA. Huge windows with view of downtown, quiet music, great vibe.
How is iMapMyRun? Have only used RunKeeper and the Nike one. Does Net-A-Porter have a nicely designed app?
The #videoart was well received! Now, on to the next project: obsession. Stay tuned.
........ It would seem like it is clear... But this is far from easy..... QT wit da baaabyy tonight
HAPPY HOUR 7-9pm. Free food, drinks, pool tables, & t-shirts.
#stopremaking #BBC British television shows. You may want subtitles, but they're actually speaking ENGLISH!
Someone text, call, Skype, oovoo, or whatever me.
those were some good muffins
I thumb thru a crazy check ;o)
"How terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the man that's wise"
Everything good on this end!
It's Brittany Bitch
- From the dashboard I'd love to see how many computers I have this installed on and be able to enable/disable.
Sue, do you have any questions we can help with?
her name is Katie
I'm sure you're about to explain how Boehner and his cronies are fixing all of that.
You should email and they can send you a lovely PDF of the pricing, pictures and menu options!
Does everyone know what they r going to be for Halloween?
Google maps car just passed by in canton
A math question for the peoples, Hot water + cloves + honey & lemon + 2 shots of Makers Mark 46 = what?
TODAY at 5 pm is the deadline for the SPJ Awards Contest. Please don't wait until the last possible minute & crash the system. Kthx!
"what it do"? You kids and your crazy lingo. ;)
aww your the best in the world
did you ever watch that video I posted on your wall - #theweinerscircle one?
Will do!
I hope you yelled hummus in the store.
money motivate us
heading to woodford county for some visits and out of habit I went to merge on the bg parkway- been away from cville for too long.
Thx for the follow! Have a great weekend!
Looking for work.
Another day, another dollar.
Yes! I'm glad we were able to meet IRL! Safe travels back! :)
Im moving to flordia.....:( On The bright side its where Ariana lived and is now.Im going there to check out houses
"..You get a grandson with a dog collar. Don't get a grandson with a dog collar." Love that commercial!!!
0-5 in last 5 halladay starts and 0-4 in cliff lee starts and somehow 17-19. that's a miracle. team will be okay.
Still studying 😔
Happy Easter everyone! Please remember the true meaning of It!?!? He died on.that cruel cross for us!
Well I suppose the good news is that no one can claim I'm "unAmerican" / treasonous by having a Swiss passport as well...
BEST BURGER IN HOUSTON IS IN THE AMAZON GRILL ON KIRBY DRIVE. CHECK IT OUT -
Watched a WHOLE ENTIRE football game Sunday, which I almost NEVER do, for the 2nd time in 4 days!! It's like I'm a real man or something.
So tired...
q6: I'm actually surprised about the banning. It's no worse than any other erotica book & I bet they have those on the shelves
Mike Green on Earth Day apropos..ties it at 1
thanks for the follow.
I want a mexican friend just so I can hear the accent on a regular basis #loveit mate
What #noobysakks are going to be home this weekend???
Good morning twitter
I really want t0 b back in bed n0w with a w0rking f0ne.
"in the end we will conserve only what we <3. We will love only what we understand. We will understand only what we r taught."
I'll Be Your Man
Tiger Woods ready to unleash golf fury on Greg Norman’s International Team via via
There could be some 1-0 games in this series
If everything around you reminds you of the past, laugh it off and make new memories.
Don't do bad music !!!
it would have looked weird with the rest of my suit.
OMG #lightwall RT Who wants to go to CN Skate Palace tonight?
It's been a glaring need ever since they cut House. RT I'm glad the Heat signed Turiaf to be the bench leader in cheering.
#rdap12 Purdue data repository system "not just for sponsored research, its for all research." thank you!
That is right... Viral, like a dirty little design disease based in Seattle!
Finish this one out Lowe.
Fuck ya !! You deserve it all brit Ur so amazing! Keep up all the great work!!!
Brett Favre has thrown his hat into the ring to replace the injured Jay Cutler. what the hell Dan?
Yes!! RT : you guys are welcome out here any time! and I will be wonderful hosts!
J Rose that was FAR from a Colt's demolition! Broncos showed in the 2nd half they can play with anybody!
Nothing has changed.. my mind is just playing games .
States that use more coal to generate electricity have lower electricity rates.
I don't know what the next war will be, but I'm against it!
When he put that loving on me, I can’t think of nothing That’ll make me walk out I’m holding on I love my Mr Wrong
Please stop calling i cant talk, i have to do homework. and i dont want to talk about anything right now.
word i got that song too I'll export and send
wheN ARE YOU COMING BACK AND STAYING
Yes please do. lol RT : They tellin me it's SHOWTIME ... Guess I got to put down this ooooweee
TY for update. I find this all so fascinating! Both campaigns have extremely sophisticated digital teams.
You've made it this far so why give up now?
Violence Against Woman Act (VAWA) passed the Senate! I urge the House to pass this important bill into law.
Hidey ho, here we go! Erica here, jumping into the #HITsm waters... how are you all doing this beautiful Friday? TGIF!
thank you!
we'll be downtown in about 30min. Still at stardust?
Waiting by my friend's classroom like a creep trying to get her out of class
For some reason, the new documentation lady looks a lot like one of the lost
Luke 11:11 If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? ... Continued next tweet
Exactly one month to enjoy my teenage years. Damn it.
Wishing heartfelt congratulations to Mike Golub for MLS Exec of the Year honors. Love 'em!
There isn't enough arnica in the world to make this knot go away!
#WeekendFunFact: Today is International Museum Day! Which museum is your #1 tourist attraction? -CS
Night...meet me at the salon in the AM, 813 910 2770
Just home from Choctaw casino. A great night at the nl tables...Its about time.
I'm sad i didnt get to see the end of The Blind Side today ... This is what i get for being sick .-.
I love these icons!
Most bizarrely, Trey, you look like both of them. Wes Anderson prevails again.
OPRAH's guest also saw her dad be cruel to animals.
Today is the last day to enter the Hydrafacial Giveaway! Refer your friends and increase your chance to win! Good luck ;)
Wanted to watch DVD but march madness and season 5 of Doc Martin wins.
I know the #Phillies lost the game last night but to see the struggling offense explode was more than worth it. And Joe B today, amazeballs.
I HOPE I WIN THE TICKETS!!!!!!
RT : Breaking: 'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark is dead. // so sad
yeah, they don't have to follow Title IX either. Sorta sucks.
He who digs a hole and scoops it out falls into the pit he has made. Psalm 7:15
I'm not going to Philly.
my morning: snuggle w/paige, eat bagel, open laptop, do work. Oh, & there's super hot chicks wearing meat doing a photoshoot in my kitchen.
You have to take chances for the things you care about.
Heading to bed.....tweet back in the morning
is putting Monday into its' proper place.
We got heaters smoke drank bitches, 4s deuces treys switches
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
“: Snackable? M... snack pack....” Snack pack! You're the greatest!
Not feelin it today.
thanks for the tips!
Thanks! I'm stoked too! What's next week like for you?
sounds good to me ! <3 i was the girl sitting on stage/dancing by julians side haha
Miss y'all today! Send my love to the TBW crew! xx
80 followers away from 1,000. We're getting there.
Be true to yourself and to your feelings. Those are the only things in your life that will never lie to you.
Even a 7-hour delay and a red-eye home can't diminish the Tucson gem show high! If you've never been, put it on your calendar for next year.
We love it! Hope to see you at next week's IGBT filming at party.
Hope you guys had a great event! Thanks again for your support!
I would love it. Keep it.If you do sell how much?
DJ Topher will be spinnin' old school and new school hip-hip tomorrow at the shack and Big Red will be handing out free samples. Come party!
#TheThingIs not everyone is going to like you
Drink n Fuck a
TEs and are superior.Green-Ellis has being playing great lately too!!! Who knows may get involved!?
Only One Week to go before the Big Game between The Packers and Steelers! Next Tweet tells you the Best Place to Wager on the Superbowl!!!
if you will meet me at the airport I would be more than happy to learn! :P July 1st sound good?
Football season hurry!!!!
Candy lounge right now!
Thats Life... U gotta be like a vacuum when u get that feeling of emptiness
damn. You are lookin SMOKIN hot as a blonde....wowzers!!!
Resting in Jesus allows you to just be. Be quiet. Be still. Be at peace! He is THE Comforter.
Watching the foodnetwork and eating popcorn in my pjs. Wow
Wiz N Tez Mixtape dropping june 20th there will be a promotion perty hit me up for info....
I'm going to get a sword and name it "Kindness" so I can kill haters with kindness. #EasySolution :)
UWM SCE is offering Business Culture and Language classes for Professionals. Language and culture today is an essential tool for any profe…
Somebody play me in Draw Something!
Too good to be true #TWC - $89 a month turns into $120?! Fans: pros and cons of brands offering better deals to only new customers vs loyal?
socialism is a political theory advocating state owned industry. I'm not aware of any here. I assumed u might know
I been tight since Guiding light
yes! Email me: emily at emilylewisdesign dot com
In the best mood ever right about now...I want to shit out rainbows and puke out confetti
How have you been
I'm too tired today to be everyone's good friend. Please keep your problems, requests, drama to yourself. The doctor is NOT in.
lmao! I'm in!
ikr. it would be completely amazing.
Perfect day to fertilize. Expecting more rain this evening.
look at you! So fabulous!
RT 3.5 weeks to Christmas. ReFocus on diet and exercise so you can relax over Holliday and start strong in New Year!
FUCK THO POLICE. for everything theyve done....plus this bullshit ticket i gotta pay. FUCK THEM POLICE, ima
will do
RT : By end of day tomorrow, 25 percent of this year's FBS membership -- 31 schools -- will have changed conferences since 2010.
Not sure about this
RIP Whitney Houston
true true. goddamn that is the stuff of nightmares.
But it's ok to drink Ranger, right? RT : No one with the nickname #Rangers will win tonight!
WTF is going on with afterprom? I'm so confused
Ooh let's hope my dad didn't see me
goodnite my twitter app is acting up 💤
#mediachat Hi! I'm late!
they're perfect for eachother. 
I'm in soo much pain again 😔 My moms telling me to stay home but I can't do that to & ):
I need a gravy boat lighthouse for my au jus
Look. at that. horse.
yes lets collaborate on a hopyaard tour and ttell me if I can get a cut & help market the event.
Cherry Blossom Fest (we're April 9 @ 3:30pm) is our only thing inked on the schedule until the fall!
Bikinis cover 90% of a woman's body. Leave it to me to keep looking at the other 10%.
damn i kno. And i want one
Damn, I love watching the Pirates!
That ice cream was amazing!
& I'm off to the races. Be back soon.
Getting off from Fedex .....TYJ
I heard its crazy hard
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated
hello wanted to say hi and wihs you a wonderufl week. take care
Protect her like your Daughter. Love her like a Wife. Respect her like your Mother.
Hi! My name is KiKi :)
Has arrived at #cis2011 in lovely Keystone CO.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not engage in: telepathy, telekenitics, biting, clawing, blood-letting,
RT if you want me to share you.(MUST BE FOLLOWING ME) Dont worry, I'll actually share you(:
Comcast Sports Group and OneTwoSee™ Partner to Launch a Second Screen Application to Enhance Local Broadcast Coverage ...
Westbrook look like a potato
We would be interested in sharing ideas and participate in brainstorming creative ways to enhance the experience. let us know.
And I am going to remind myself that it is okay to look away, to gain strength to struggle another day. Cuz this is about the long haul.
Going to bed! Orthodontist in the morniing :/ im gonna get yelled at for not wearing my rubber bands..
no – thank you!
RT : What If Schools Created a Culture of "Do" INSTEAD of a Culture of "Know?" zite.to/xrEpeJ via
Does anyone want to come by my flat, read what I have written and tell me in short, easy words what it is I have been saying?
happy mothers day!!
I just wanna leave NJ an make good muzik behind the glass on the board
I hate misspelling.
cool movie
Z what's up ni**a What you doing?
A-Town Veteran the#Streetlit #UrbanFiction #book by #ColeHart is available now on #Kindle for 99 cents.
I feel like being naughty...hm maybe next weekend! !*devilish laugh*.
He hasn't said anything yet! What should I do? :)
Watching Bottle Shock while drinking wine. Perfect Friday evening...
That was a well done movie. Jesus Shuttlesworth
shopping on amazon is an addiction.
Lakers better win 2night on my mama
Can anyone recommend an electrician near milwaukee? Thanks twitterverse!
Last minute show tonight Guest drummer filling in for Litt. With GANTO BARN and other great bands! We'd love to see you!
So glad I have healthcare.
i feel your pain! my bday is right after valentine's day -___-
thanks for the RT!
FLORIDA CANT WAIT FOR YOU TO GET HERE <3
Great cover on You Tube!
“: u watch basketball wives for tips on how to get and keep a man #YourRatchet” lmao
omg. GO!!!! anything!
reach out to me I have a great movie idea but I need your help with this one....
yo check out when you get a chance.
And so it begins - celebrating New Year 4 times today: Russia (2 time zones) UK & US - Gallon of shampoo I think!
It's hard to eat healthy when I'm at work :( yet I'm glad to have some good options on the Sevilla menu
holy hell this is weird... hahahahaha all of our names are Taylor Penman TRIPPPPPPY hhahah
It's easy to ignore the voice as an "instrument" because it's invisible. But it's science, and if you learn the WHYs, you'll also get HOWs.
BR = Barb Roland?
You like Baylor and Creighton tonight?
all that really matters...I'm real sweet at the end. But when I'm not you can't beat me. ;)
If n e 1 need their hair done call me or text me b4 friday n I'll let u knw d price 4 ur style n e time this week after 1pm
lmao it happens. I'm off next week Thursday & Friday lol
This is Oklahoma do we really need 2 answer that!! Lol RT : What happen to the sun...
What spa booker feature?
Just saw someone type the full Google url into Bing. The universe implodes.
whenever I travel on day trips typically to NYC, its iPad, BT keyboard, and charger. Its a good temporary replacement.
northfield for a lax game vs norwich
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Your beings add light to this world. Thank you!
Usa la fuerza Luke.
🙌🙏 praises going up. Patience, faith and prayer pay off!
school is beyond a drag now that the seniors are gone-.-
Ladies and Gentlemen it's trivia night again Backstrom jersey to the winner!!!!
You know you're learning javascript when you start dreaming in multi-level arrays
So now for some happier CW news: They just this week brewed a 16th anniversary beer to be released in 2014. Details secret.
follow back please. 4
. Some of being brave is just "you're the only adult in the room. suck it up." I do try hard not to pass on fears.
Scary Spice not spooked by haters - Independent Online
Amazing how acting CRAZY translates into more publicity than having a "hit" sitcom #charliesheen is #winning?
I met a girl at 17 thought she meant the world to me she turned out to be a cheat
hahah, when you getting here?
Kohlrabi: astonishingly filling. I love summer fruits and veggies.
Got the job with faith!!!!
The more art you see, the more inspired you are to make it. :D
Don't I was in a bad car crash recently :P
hrm... No mention of librarians organizing all the information. That graf must have gotten cut from the post:)
"No" is not an option for me anymore.... write, or die.. and now that I'm free from the result I can do it with a smile...
Wentworth: "We had 3 professors from the University of Texas...testified against the [campus gun] bill...need to abolish tenure."
We have almost 40 shadow sessions scheduled for the new year...are you one of them?
Grilling on a gorgeous fall evening listening to the Decemberists and sipping on a Fall Lager.
ok I'll give you that as long you didnt say cent. ;)
Aww, thank you!
#nobody that matters. RT : Who doesn't know who BJ Raji is?
Can I get some shoutouts?
A rare event, yes, but I still love seeing it. Haha, thanks for the sarcasm though. :)
I think ill just get that bottle and pop it and get three more for the whole team
One of my favorite days of the year
#OnceUponATime love this show
EXCELling. "Organization is the sanity of the mind, the health of the body." -Robert Southey
Congrats on your 6-month anniversary!
You're Welcome!
Excuse me, that's how HE wins immediately and forever. HE. The snowberserker is a man, more or less.
Artist perhaps a big Adams Family fan?
You can lose a lot of Money Chasing after Women, but neva lose women chasing after money. -Blezz Melano-
let me twitter-introduce you to my client - they are FAB caterers - have you worked with them before?
So jeal that jason was dts today :((
have fun watching. Unfortunately the time diff isn't in my favor, because I am still at the office and can't watch the game..
I swear to God I'm going to get lots of packing done...right after I watch Glee.
Your rocking the 80's look?
WHATS GOOD LEMME GET YOUR NUMBER
You should look at the chatroom Damon XD Everyones freaking out waiting for you to go on! We have a countdown going Haha!
miss you bro! work + GF + umpiring
RT : retweet me one more time and I'll kick you so hard in the shin!
What the hell is wrong with you people? Every famous nigga that gets arrested is not Nelson Mandela!
Love it!
Hope 2010 is full of creativity, productivity and success. Happy New Year, everyone!
Opening day!!!!
They should be an option at most of them. You might want to talk to the manager there and see if they've opted out of them.
Hey Mark, NYC Session Drummer Charlie Z here. I just hit up your Facebook with some info. Lemme know if you need me. Thanks!
The 50+yo mom in front of me reading 50 Shades of Grey keeps whispering excerpts of the book in her husbands ear & giggling.
what they look like
im joshin, my whole life rid in on dis shit
Sorry I meant they don't make you look or play games.. they give it to you.
Thanks for your awesomeness at #BBJAdvWomen ; I woke up still inspired today!
Allegro is packed and ready to go --Clarksburg WV Sat 4pm Performance on the Main Stage for the www.wvihf.com --see you all there!
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit. -Albert Schweitzer
A REAL boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand. He knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, etc. B/C that's HIS girl!
It's a kinda night #Chicago Logan square
The ears of a cricket are located on the front legs, just below the knee
BZ: how do we move beyond a culture in which privacy is enshrined as a value, & toward a culture of openness?
I'm happy your car was finally found (saw it on the news)!!!!!! We were so worried and puzzled how it was stolen :-)
man no cereal! Lol. They just like an appetizer
That's a great stat We'll have to add that to our daily #mobiletrivia!
my ❤ skips skips a beat
#FF Our new company: - Free Facebook Skins for your Cover Photo/Timeline - Updated DAILY by MWW Designs!
RT "girl flex, time to have sex"
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
Tweet of week RT If U can't root for Donald Driver at anything, I don't wanna know U. I'd root for DD in a game of checkers.
not to mention your weekends.
omg its so hot in texas i hate it.. Lololol
Current status : crying in an airport eating sea salt chocolate
Personally, you'd have a hard time convincing me the 7th pick and Beal is any safer than the 12th pick and Rivers. I would pass.
You want attention? Start having respect for the people you "care about so much."
Chalky White in the building Ladies & Gentleman
People with no style.. #DaFuckYouThinkin'
Thanks for the follow! Happy easter
B-B-B-B-B-Bird bird bird, the BIRD IS THE WORD.
THIS JUST MADE MY FREAKING DAY! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I ALMOST DIED....who said that?
Thanks for spending Easter with me & Enjoyed it very much!
Funny or Fub-Duck? J-Lo's new show "Miami Tow" takes away cars of minorities, while she drives around in a new Fiat & sings My Town..
So happy to be celebrating with on her birthday. So excited I even tweeted!
Most of our big resources go into a hotfolder for ingestion. But system also uses jUpload to chunk files, so big ones can go. too.
Thanks Susan, its a labor of love, just having fun creating #apparel design.. It is also an excuse to illustrate :)
La Cofradia for valentines!!! Great menu at $59 per person, only at the best restaurant in Coral Gables
for show
Pushed my lip ring back threw d:
RT Romney "I'm not concerned about the very poor"-6 mill in poverty in Ca (16% of our pop)- 23% of our kids -shame on you Mitt!
A simple hello could lead to a million things<3
hardly believe you put it all on. Ashamed to say I need to lose 50lbs. Let's be depend-a-bil-a-buddies
So many inspiring things here! Getting really excited about launching #BirdyCity! Going to feature Photographs!
Aw, I'm sorry :( But I'm glad they're finally going to Japan! :)
I'm sad to miss it this year too!
Sometimes when I hold my phone for too long my hands fall asleep... I feel like an idiot for saying this..
just wanted to say hi.. how often do you have normal conversations with girls? seems like never so.. hi there!
Grazie Matteo for the delicious pizza appetizer. My family loved it!
I should probs do my 6283639 government definitions.. #thanks !!
RT : Hey Currently not getting emailed notes into my account. Any known issues at the moment? < also just noticed this
How about a win at Wrigley today and a with over the Knicks tonight!
Midge was terrible on #TruBlood as well. "Bring me Sam Merlot!!"
some people are just so nasty its gross
correction: that's what I know :) lol jk
FOLLOW DA HOTTEST PRODUCER IN DA GAME AND MPIYA'S VERY OWN !!!!!! LOOKIN FOR THE HOTTEST TRACKS IN YO CITY WELL SHIT GET AT EM!
Hahahaha that is amazing.
Short game work
Yes, now enjoy your Facebook wall.
thinking about you fam. Hit me up if you need to
TONIGHT DJ Nixx is hosting The Place's first Michael Jackson Dance off Competition!
if U wanna talk to me add me Then We can talk over there😜
No thanks.
Wow...2-0 down to Canada. That means a semi against Mexico is likely, if the US makes it that far. And off a set piece again!
Persistently ignore any thought that says you “can’t do it” and engage thoughts that tell you can!
"A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender replies, ‘For you, no charge.’”
CITADEL take 2: good stank-riddled psychology while maintaining a rough-n-ready pace that nicely vets the genre bits. Better, ?
I can't floss with braces D;
ok guess you're not talking to me anymore?
you're welcome
hello to u too
i replied that they'd expired cuz i hadn't driven in a year. she looked at me like i'd just sprouted a second head with antennae
This #MCMAP shit is kicking my ass loll i'm sore and tired af!
Str8LykeDes.. Goon to the moon haven't been on earth since last week...
An goal in life is the only fortune worth the finding; and it is not to be found in foreign lands, but in the heart itself...
Those were pretty good!
I awake and Im attacked how does this happen inside the United States????
RT : 70% of buying process (I think this is low) happens online... Are you listening to the conversations?
you should really DM and follow me :)
You will always be my biggest 'what if'......
u still playing AAU?
Doubt OL was all Martz fault : draft course shows how much #Bears think OL is not a problem going into '12 - still thin at LB
I can't say "all the time" without singing it.
What are you doing
"And Then The Girls" by on repeat.
Okay Ron Paul Republicans, you can go back to being Independents now.
Like Chris said, thanks a ton for all your support. Great shots.
*sigh, if only*
It's a sundressy kind of day, I think.
#ItsAmazingHow someone you know for a really long time can turn out to be a stranger..
Waiting for to get home 😒
If I didn't like you at one point in life. ANT SHIT CHANGED
"Why is she all Christian now? She's not allowed she's a lesbian." *dead silence* "Haha justkidding, JUSTKIDDING!"
Uhh, don't know if anything is set in stone, just excited to see my BFF. Have fun at Disney, you lucky ass!
seriously. All i can do is laugh at this point.
All these girls are acute, but I don't ever know there angel, at the rate that I'm going I might end up being single. -
if you are going to be a player, then you gotta be a pro. you gotta know the difference between a wifey & a hoe.
"I thought he would change and pick" I guess the word GIRLFRIEND didn't hit you for like year? Fuckin dumb ass.
thnx so much to you and rest of for the bubbly. tis the season for sure!
#milwaukee A few things a business needs: HUSTLE to get it done, LOYALTY to be a team and RESPECT to keep going.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
lol to me they did
i cant, im not wearing black so i have to starve all day lol
Going back to being the old me, I've lost the will to try and change myself
which two?
Starting my new job next Monday; time to update my 'lab' wardrobe into something a lil' more professional.
havent sent out any DMs today or been on here til just now since early this morn. someone else said they got a "weird DM" from me too
Check out Steven Wilson's "Grace for Drowning" if you're looking for some new music! Easily one of the best albums I've heard all year!
Glad to do it!
Yeah, it's kind of great...!
Food for thought: It might be hard to soar like an eagle when ur hanging with a bunch of turkeys...
that's a great place to be! Live it up!
Oh okay, Hi Ashley & the sky Alli...
It feels like Spring to me, here in SF.
Hey today is our shoot! Come to the Conservatory at 1:30p today!! Pizza and beer to those who help us out.
": LA Fakers vs Golden state" lol lakers losing?????
I live 6mins from there!
In a nation of mongoloids, one must learn to keep expectations low.
I love when a pretty woman retweet me! Dam! I feel great!
I can stand my sisters kids when they're around her. They think they can do whatever the hell they want just cuz their momma is here...
#ff - A hot guy who is funny, modest and wrote this status.
.. Your a girl right ??? kuz I was following you but u didnt follow back
funny, I need 2 b more like u. I got on my treadmill today & promised myself several days of rest!
delicious breakfast at Pierrot Gourmet behind the Peninsula Hotel also love RL Grill at the Ralph Lauren Restaurant...
i'm on a mission. but idk where to start.
The nature of morality is both personal and subjective, because of its relationship to... pain.
did u make this a hatched tag!!?! #Cunts haha never seen it until ur ass came on twitter
Glen Campbell tribute is on point. We're all Rhinestone Cowboys.
Can't wait for the
Good luck in your new venture and city.
"Ok girl," I say to myself. "You woke up this morning. But did you rise up?"
Juror #5 is a dingbat
Two bologna sandies and a pint of Dew!
^-^ I love Jonny Craig, he's an amazing singer.
Today we sent responses to the copy editor's queries. Moving swiftly through the publication process! Can anyone recommend a good indexer?
I AM 23 HOW THE FUCK DID THAT HAPPEN
Sorry for all the tweet repeats - fixing a bug
i m praying it will, and that everything will come together again, i know ill be back in the UFC, itll take time
watching doctor who and eating bean dip because nobody's around to complain!
cant wait buddies
a minute? Did you just hear it?
Join us for in person classes starting next Thursday the 19th
It's amazing how often that quote is relevant these days.
Enjoy watching THE BELT next week
I just need to hear you say it with your *sexy* voice, no doubt.
Oh shit, heat lightening!
With #Italian-Pizza-Soups you get all the wonderful flavors of pizza without all the bread!! Pizza lovers will enjoy!!
I'm sure wel will! RT : Who bets we will still have one more snow? This weather is just too good! Living the sun
thats surprising, howve you been though (:
Fuck me alright I hope you eat the last words you said to me.
Pretty good selection at the Penn Station book store. But no university press books.
"The real contest is always between what you've done & what you're capable of doing. You measure yourself against yourself & nobody else."
Some days you're the dog; some days you're the hydrant. Which are you today?
How many innocent people do you know that were unjustifiably killed by anyone? It is dangerous to walk alone at night.
Nice singing gig at the Dance Alloy's 35th Party tonight! Beautiful bunch of people came out to celebrate!
Getting ready for some #Brewers baseball!!!
I just want to pay someone to do it for me...so I can finish my website & next post & stop having anxiety. HELP.
When are you back in the office? I have a wonderful book on CHIA I think you'd be into. lol Hot off the presses.
Thanks for buying out album. I am the one who plays the ocarina part in the CD. I hope you like it.
Omw to 24hr fitness on my bday lol Gotta make sure I look good in my birthday suit this weekend!!!
Aaahhh I see =) happy to hear it was great though, sounds like you had fun!!
& other Virginia Congressmen
thanks for following, it won't let me follow you back?
Someone should remind Jill, that being an American our judicial system is innocent until proven guilty.
Buy a man a beer and he wastes an hour. Teach a man to brew and he wastes lifetime. -Gordy from ABC Warehouse
RT : I'm looking forward to trying 2nite aka "the no hangover vodka from Spain" Let's see how I wake up 2morrow morn.
There is a culture of linked data and mashups online. Put your stuff out there and let's see what happens.
My nipples been hard for 5 straight minutes.
We need to get jg mixtape together asap. feel me
u said that!
AH! Feeling like new!
thanks for the #FF. Like the #DayEarly touch too.
wishing I had #HBO right about now so I could be watching
Meet at hollywood studio today!!! Class act!!!
cleaning and (most) laundry done. running errands, make dinner, then watching #MadisonCounty from ! Looks awesome!
I hope rondo goes off tonight
Yay loosing followers
I know man and everyone hopped on #Aubarn's retarded boat when Cam won the Heisman. Where did they all go last year?!!?
Every dude aint the same ,you jus attract the same type of lames.
Thank you!! Hope to see you soon!
Reminder: Buy your WSU DECA shirts! Just $12! See Dr P.
Look for pictures of my new 26" BD coming soon...
Congrats #Cardinals. Y'all played better and deserved to win.
Hi Danny!
gained so much respect for you when you were on Apprentice. What in the world happened to that show? U R A class act! Mean it
Cinco de mayo + supermoon + Saturday night =
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve and bottom hem of the shirt we can do it.
I dunno about everyone else, but I'm a damn nice and friendly person till someone mistakes kindness for weakness. Then im vicious x_x
I love listening to people's dream.
let us know how it is. Sounds interesting.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day!
longest line for pickles I ever did see
Why the hell's the proof in the pudding?
Join Elate for Mother's Day ~ We'll be featured our weekend brunch with a buffet style pastries/cheese table + $20 bottomless mimosas
May this message bring with it a moment of reflection of just how good life can be, a remembrance of an encounter with the holy & divine.
Let's go #Royals!!!
u guys are jealous cause your studios dont have kick ass futons!
Woa Matt Bonner wears New Balance bball sneakers? I didnt even know they still made bball kicks
we hope you had a great time! Come again soon.
RT : I am slick thinking bout going Halle Berry short with my hair what do y'all think?- yes!
Relaxing and preparing myself for work next week. #Thankful &
It doesn't look tasty but once I tried it, I'm impressed,
Back from my amazing trip! I will miss you Turks and Caicos! Fell in love with the beaches, locals and the potcakes!
oh so I guess you mad? Haha next round Pacers will get the W again lol
its cool, nothing i use everyday tho
That's why Kelly is my girl!
I love that. It's so true too.
In Starbucks with a pumpkin spice latte and #shelbylynne is playing on the speakers: perfect afternoon pick me up!
Good morning <3
So tired
my mom was like "aw i like that sexy bitch there" and she points at a picture of me!;)
she said that he may have returned to Paris to bury his mother who had been a widow for a decade
Loving others 1st is how to make a difference...
but little sips of online connection do not displace the gulps of offline conversation.
Email for a special offer on #magiccookie and more for following us during the #dwts14 premier tonight!
Its going to be a wild party! Can't wait!
congratz! Looking forward to checking it out.
I swear I love w/ all my heart. Nigga's like a big brother to me, tbh. ♥
do a bunch of prank calls ? omgg if you called me I would be like HSJFUHEIDNCJ *le dead* (;
Aight I'm out, I need some rest, everyone have a good night. Sweet erotic dreams. ;)
Then tomorrow (x I don't wanna wake people up lol
what's up with all these bitches with auburn/red hair, you all look like clones.
": It was good to see this evening as well as " great to see u preacher!
For what?
RT : Why can't #Oomf Just Be Mine ?
#DeAngelis, Petty Magic, Being the Memoirs & Confessions of Miss Evelyn Harbinger, Temptress&Troublemaker. Not as cotton candy as the title
"Gigante", about a night security guard in Uruguay obsessed w/ one of the night cleaners; and "Ander", a Basque Brokeback Farm type story.
Lookout! #DaBears are "Shuffling" through.
Hi, Tracy!
Did you try counting Dove awards?
M u know it "baby" lol ;)
yes! if I were to say hi to you, I'd say kate. but obviously, i'm totally flexible on that.
a Snook is Snook enough! What did you catch it on?
he said that if you have an appointment that conflicts with the game, you're excused.
It's time for Happy Hour Cofradia
i'm still unclear on that ! anybody know??
: please don't sweep me off and out. :D
I'm on the Printz committee, how can I help? :-)
what's the rule about tipping if you're just doing takeout at a restaurant?
AND just got a call saying the baby won a prize from southparks trick or treat yesterday!! Having a good morning :)
u up to early!
whats your boos age? and three interests of his? and boo bear will hook it up!
yum! Wish I was there...
YOU are Incredible. YOU are Incredible. Give YOURSELF Props.
I wanna look at naked people with Luly.
thought the same thing when I heard that story on NPR about the new French President's swearing-in
I thank U should give., new nite cause he gave you Education that Byron,s job
RT : "Theres a real win-win case when you engage with the community." Andrea Taylor
To 'like' your own status, is like highfiving yourself in public.
This RT : The other way with authority.
I just want to be able to browse a continuously updating archive of all the images Nasa produces every day. Does this exist?
“: Just fiinished reading Game Change - great book!”
it always happens to me. And it stinks. It really stinks.
how can I not, knowing I will be at later today?
Glad you enjoyed it. Was v interesting to research.
Correction: Someone blocked ME; logged in w/ another acct I own & I can see her tweets just fine. :P
Kick-ass dude!
This has been the most interesting study hall. Santa Clause 2, Raising Hope, The Office, & The Addams Family (: #Christmas 
sounds tasty
That sounds like more pay cuts for public workers to me!!!!
Sounds like the ultimate experience! RT Triple screen in action- #Indians game on the iPad, #Rangers game on TV and laptop for Twitter
Us either. We've been planning this for a while. Hope to see you there!
trying to find info on who does interior landscaping (plantscaping) here in Cville
bout to go to sleep. tired. very tired
great to connect with you Cletus
Nailed it!
Question on the floor: what city departments (if any) do you feel need to be organized? Why? And how?
In the mood for a thick, juicy, savory steak? Take your taste buds to , our newest link! www.mortons.com M...
“When we are unable to find tranquility within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere.” Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Scary situation. MT : sources tell they believe the woman on the floor yelling for Kenyon was his old stalker.
What kind of devices did you have the hardest time figuring out how to use?
// thanks guys. Needed encouragement today! Hoping God is pleased and our generation believes. (did I just make a poem?)
#DoinTooMuch the back-up dancers
why are continuing ed classes so much
Should today be a bandana day or no? #nowplaying "Chasing the Sun" by The Wanted
Tonight. Free Workshop. 7 to 9pm. Come see what all your friends are talking about. They're talking about improv. Free improv.
I meant today lol
I'm young...pretty.... and I can't possibly be beat!
Happy #EarthDay! Turn off a light, #eatlocal, take #masstransit Here's to a billion acts of #green!
Rise and grind. Time to start spreading the word about the brand!
Omg, do you know about ? It's a grilled cheese truck, coming in spring. Is it too early to plan a trip??
God's love is not a shallow love; a love that cost nothing. God's love cost Him the suffering and death of His only Son.
God we love your mag!
join 1000 of our friends 4 the BIGGEST Party of the Year 2NITE @ MyHouse (Nightclub). HUGE Bottle Specials + VIP LIST. Reply YES 4 details
WOOHOO! RT : DONE! Just signed up. my girls are very excited.
Reports of suspicious envelope at office of Port of Portland; hazmat responding- on my way to PDX
#Congress: “Please let us keep #afterschool programs. If you took it away from us, where would we go after school?” –Sarah
American Idol "see you in Texas"
Wow really? Today 5 years on Twitter: , , , &
Had. N awesome weekend now talking to him :)
Spring Fling dress, Eyelet Dream dress, Lacey Lullaby dress, Pretty for the Picnic dress.
Great minds think alike! 2012...CAN'T HANDLE
Where's in?
GO FIND NORMAN REEDUS AND TELL HIM I LOVE HIM.
Thanks all for a spectacular 2011 and an even better 2012 I want to thank you for your continued support hope to see all of you very soon.
Just bought a 32gb SD Card' :O dayum that crap was expensive. -.-
just saw your wife!
I walk out of my room to naked girls in the hall lmao..WTF ?? Is going on in my house?? Lol
you like music, so be awesome and follow our clothing endorsers ? Doing big things for local music scenes!
: Love when comes to town, she's been in new York way too long #EXCITED: Luv being in #ATX and seeing my nieces!!
RT : Support today through 10/2 by ordering a burger at our #MissionValley or #KearnyMesa locations.
are you kidding? Consultants charge for daydreams all the time! Not to say that is a good thing… But not uncommon either.
My life is actually a sick joke
hey you piece of shit!
17 organizations & colleges and over 100 students at South Division HS College & Career Fair led by ! Great work team!
Our pleasure! RT : Great tips! Thanks for sharing!
what's your take on Herman Cain's 9-9-9 tax plan? you guys should have him on your radio show
Zrebiec should be in midseason form. He hasn't had a day off in like a year and a half.
When you choke a Smurf what color does it turn?
haha!!! the perils of doing frontend dev work :)
Have made the executive decision to see my mom on Sunday :) it's going to make us both pretty happy
Terasol Wants Its Mini Eiffel Tower Back
“: Thang Of having Family and Friends that has no luv for u...>>>> #WhenItsUrTurnUGoneShine”
a client this morning said the name of my book should be called "Beyond the Plank" Argggg I agree matey!
Nostalgic Sunday...missing my friends....
'Your playing small does not serve the world.... Who are you not to be great!?' - Nelson Mandela
Hahaha, I love my school :)
Tues 145pm Chelsea vs Liverpool - Carling Cup 200pm Arsenal vs Manchester City - Carling Cup 200pm Barcelona vs Rayo Vallecano
i get bored by them, i see them everday
Spice Girls!!!!!
Lebrick or lechoke does it again... you going to take back your Kobe comments now?
yup.....it's been awhile though.
I agree w/RT : RT : #lrnchat Q4) attitude or skills? Skills have a much shorter half-life than attitudes....
Ok, I think I'm finally caught up on all my followers....
"Whatever it takes." I laughed!
What’s the biggest challenge educators face today?
aight just let me know
"Do not forget the covenant I have made with you, and do not worship other gods." 2 Kings 17:38
I'm seriously allergic to something ar work. Maybe work itself. All I know is while there I sneeze my head off. In the real world I'm fine.
Can't wait for 's #newmusic! #BelieveAlbum. #November :)
Could've fooled me..these guys are good.
While geared to a business-oriented audience, the book totally relates to the educ profession too.
No matter how cold your drinks are...the feeling is warm after every sip!
I meant why
Not only was it terrible, it was also "not at all up to your usual standard". So that's something, I guess.
what up my brother, you are my true inspiration and god bless you!! Keep doing your thing!
If only they realized that you were in fact NEVER a child yourself, and that you therefore have standing to bitch.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products.
I think that would be a nice benefit, as long as it didn't interfere with the current student's access to the info resources.
Hello, good morning!
Menchie's Medlock Bridge Thursday’s check in to Facebook on your smart phone and show it to the cashier to receive 15% off your fro yo!
5 o'clock in the morning might be the worst song ever
It's sad to see an old person eating alone at a restaurant. :(
I have bare legs and a little cleav... that's abt as #trampytuesday it gets today.
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
RT : : It's a fake. (Me:"Blinded by the Eco. Wrapped up like a douche, another rumor in the night")
Many of my hastily prepared meals are best described as mélange restante.
I really wanna go to the beach and just lay down on the sand with some good music and some lemonade 😊👍🌅
yes, he should be
Never read her... Where do u recommend me starting? LOVE reading recommendations, so keep them coming! Safe travels!!
yep to GB !
#CBMore what could the Baltimore arts and cultural scene look like in the future?
"Shiny Happy People" is the least appropriate song to be playing in this 99 Cents Only right now...
Weeks and Hart will be difficult/impossible to resign when their contracts are up. We need to use them to re-stock the system.
Indeed it would! Though I would never sleep again.
Just introduced to by a smartypants friend. I feel all kinds of excitement. And pressure to not suck at words. Yes, in general.
I'm so sorry, Dee. I know she was sick the last time we chatted. I was hoping she got better.
SO ROMNEY PLANS TO CUT EDUCATION, AND I ASK, JUST WHAT IS THERE LEFT TO CUT? ARTS, MUSIC, SHOP,HOME EC, COUNSELING ALL CUT & GONE FOR YRS.
Women's TV is so weird.
Data is meaningless - January is the resetting of data from BLS and hardest to come close to getting right
that would be great
and are in #romeoandjuliet w/ CT Free Shakespeare this Summer...bring Bean
Glad to hear you enjoyed it! Thanks for sharing :)
“There can’t be good living where there is not good drinks” HAPPY HOUR....come and get it!
Come on #Bulls just hold on ya'll can do it
remember when lib patrons swore the book had a red cover? we libns are not exempt!
but anyway I think the debates around relationships in games and terms developed to talk about them are really interesting.
Question. Do you have a favorite New Orleans non-profit? If yes, we would love to know what it is.
Thunder is a rich source of loudness. (I SO love this one!).
All good, brother. Wasn't a request as much as it was a quip about 90's music. At least it won't be mmmbop
#Isles acquire def. Yuri Alexandrov from #Bruins for future considerations. Alexandrov now plays in Russia's KHL
OhJeez :) just thinking of the things I would do to Dean ;) so in love with him <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Hey can you find apostolic clothing check here
Promo event tomorrow. Woohoo!
Union Station in Chicago is a total zoo - nothing like a seething mass of humanity.
Thanks! RT being wished safe travel and success on your endeavors
Good thing, got tha #brewers! Damn them boyz is nice!
yeah, my "dislike" for Stern doesn't have anything to do with the Kings and the deal.
that digital short was so perfect HOW ABOUT USHER?? i saw him a year ago friday :')
MLB has to overturn that call on the perfect game
Mirage 15% off of our best online rates: Mirage "Vegas Starts Here" *An exclusive offer just for you -Receive 15%...
How did everyone like the yoga trial classes last night and this morning?!
Buxom lip gloss is da best.
My mom spends more time on the phone then me. >.<
BIG BLUE NATION.....THE TIME IS NEAR. OUR 8TH. TITLE AWAITS. NERVOUS WITH ANTICIPATION..........
Happy New Year to all! And to all a good night!
and to that I say FYEAH! :D I cant wait hopefully by then I'll have a job to get TeamJonas and get frontRow/meet and greet :)
I'm going to have a Guns N Roses Easter. How can this happen? Because, I want it to.
no I don't know where you can get some at
u cant do that lol thats the problem
"Sense and sensibility, and peaceful productivity, a pretty girl with broken wings is all that I desire." -Andrew Jackson Jihad
I'm tweeting this from my car...don't worry I'm in the passenger seat. It's a bit harder to drive, but it keeps the cops fooled!
Is this really you in the hospital? :-(
Check our dance dare we did for St Patrick's Day by vi
I DONT NEED THIS SHIT TODAY.
Have you been hesitant about ordering Skinny Fiber? GOOD! I want you to be. Now...do me a favor and either log onto your bank account...
Nothing much relaxing but ready to go home it aint nothing like being @ home
thank you thank you!!! “: Congrats on winning 1st prize in the design competition! #WinningDesigner”
it's funny we gave the artists the crayons! Thanks so much, we're so excited!
"I Roll up I roll up whenever u call baby i roll up" ive been listening to this song for like the whole morning
I really wanna be supportive but y'all are wack
Listening to and discuss the Soc Media certificate program at Sounds pretty comprehensive.
Thanks! We're excited for our #newdigs in #Maplewood! Its nice to be back in the city after our suburban stint in at #RIT!
your lyrical rhyme is amazing n crazy!!! ever thought of coming to Indiana?
I lie to myself...just to make it bearable.
I may look calm but in my head I killed you 3 times.
#vaumc11 New church in Farmville called Journey. Don't stop believing.
We're open 4 breakfast. We have sandwiches, salads, pastries & drinks 4 U 101 Stewart. Save the date June 4th: our Cust Appreciation Day
sweet, never got to meet a Ram before. Thanks man!
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.'
Electronic Enlightenment, who knew? (Clearly not me)
I submitted a retraction request but thought it may be quicker to contact you here. I can't do much about the fact it happened
quite literally just ran past my office.
we are doing the most
The girl working at this coffee shop is kind of cute, so i'm just going to sit here quietly until we're married.
srsly but also ugh i want their job so bad
Took a break to watch QUEST FOR FIRE. It's Ron Perlman's best movie, in my opinion. Now back to work.
It's always nice to consult Her Holiness, the
My coffee isn't very good today. But I'm still drinking it. Without it, my peepers won't stay open.
as a #Poet myself I intimately say like Mary we struggle to find the perfect environment to birth our miracle & gift.
Hey sat june 16 jones beach #leggoo. Unless i jinx it
Off to longisland
Try sleep paralysis sometime. It's happened to me dozens of times and I still eventually get around to freaking out every time.
Who has homes ready to close in time to take advantage of the tax credit? Lennar does!!!! Welcome Home Centers open everyday from 10 to 6
Senate Dems say they voted against state budget conference report because it didn't address funding for projects in NoVa, Hampton Roads.
new band photos taken in Chattanooga on the website media page: www.thenoncommissionedofficers.com (thanks, Conor)
Looking for resources re: Student Centered Learning esp. using Technology
I'm always down for that :)
Although a Kentuckian, I really don't care about a sport controlled by wealthy interests that is a cornerstone of sporting elitism.
"Oh my gosh, I'm selling my Eric tickets & burning his cds"...umm, he already has your money so he prob doesn't care!
i love you, i Always think about how amazing it would be if you followed me, please ill be the happiest i support you so much!
....Sir did not know you were ill....but my best wishes for being back at work and productive. Take care and be safe
Good Morning! It's a cold drizzly day!Good day to stay inside, keep warm & drink hot cocoa. T Gozney Thornton is playing tonight at KC Hall!
I am. You should be used to that by now.
Just measured the amount of water in my trash can and we've had 5" of rain since it was picked up! It rained over an hour before as well!
I could talk to him all night (:
I graduated from Mountainland Applied Technology School today. Now on to the University of Utah. :)
TACO do the WORM #LiveCocoCam!
can you follow me
stop into the lumber office in the back before 4:30 and say hi!
congrats girlie! Better be seeing you out soon! We missed ya at feens bday bash
#RelationshipsEndBecuase of #ThatAnnoyingFeeling you'll just never agree on the best kind of peanut butter
Last presentation for #smwchicago with today: "Pay Me to LIke You" re: FTC disclosure rules at 2:00 today!
... but not in this lifetime.
what our g6 video????
Which is less appropriate in the workplace: flip-flops, or the ternary operator? I'm on the fence.
Wrong again. Israel has the right to defend herself and her civilians targeted by Hamas. What is wrong with you???
Is anyone having difficulty sending direct messages to someone that doesn't follow you?
"Leap, and the net will appear."- John Burroughs
Accidentally typing what you just heard.
just watch the highlight of Lenhart's flop and you'll understand his frustration!!!
good night
sounds good brotha.
Love is all there is
That certain song that makes you cry everytime you hear it..
The VAN PARTY!!! That tops everything in my mind!
Smirnoff marshmallow flavored vodka... No. Gay! Ugh....
Have to say Happy Birthday to one of the greatest actor and movie stars ever...
That sucks. Some hole. I would hate to see what they call a complete teardown!
thanks for the visit this morning on and thanks for the booze! Best of luck to ya, hope to see ya down the road
Thanks for the love ! Things are great!
I was in the same boat. Case of the Fridays.
has the best links, watchu fools talkin 'bout?
did you use real detergent or soap Rile?
Thank you for the #FF :)
Ah Spotify, for all your annoyances you redeemed yourself today by having the John Carter soundtrack.
When does the bottom floor Rim coffeehouse close tonight? #csu2011 I need to print some bowling coupons for my kids. :)
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love. - Leo Buscaglia
Studying these Greek words are simple its the case endings, gender & number that gets hard
Mad Men starts March 25th!!
Happy birthday to !!
was that you on the phone? I mean Legit Nathan??
#nowplaying .. Usher - Scream
martaveous was in there buying him some
#SpyValley named after spy base located near winery.
thanks for spreading the love! :)
Oh, NO WAY. That's cool.
Thanks! One of the benefits of having a large archive to draw from.
Wow, just Noticed the #karaoke scroll. Cool feature.
Fitting that wifi at Quaker school's meeting room is open. Come one, come all.
Yay! I'm in, and you're funded!
Looking for bottle service or guestlist to #Palms? Follow & DM Us for details.
how much did u guys loose by tonight?
ok I'm in Baldwin on my way
yeah I need a virtual assistant
Social Security was a break through in social development for the benefit of all people, it was viable in the past and still just as needed
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. - Jim Ryun
It is cool...but can we use for good and not only for profits?
Yup, I'm on the ALSC ballot for the Caldecott Committee Thanks for your vote!!!
Your twit profile pic brings back bootie sweat memories
yes for sure I was just tired she has been like a big sister to me at least for a week:) she is super sweet
#kids The Zany Dzigns of Diana Z at The ToonSeum, Sat, May 12 10:00a: The exhibit will feature a hidden picture wall for both adults and...
Wish me luck for tomorrow's Mother's day.. *crossed fingers
OH GOD. so they are doing the thing at the concert where they read the tweets from fans! what should we tweet them?!
On the road to Palestine Regional Medical Center today by way of a brief stop at the Madisonville Buccees.
7th Street is getting new street lights! Thanks !
Pedi, massage, and dress shopping. Great 4th!
We never left. You just have to follow harder.
lol I cant wait to get home to get some
RT : Incoming!! RT : How do u justify a 78 million dollar contract w/this type of performance?
#GhostofHarrenhal was a fantastic episode. Arya's storyline in the books is one of my favorites. I'm glad the show is giving it due time.
Getting ready for the sweetheart gala
What's up?
are you shitting me ? come on yall !! shit happens . Forgive me
i'm just stayin consistant with puttn the word out about our label, check us out, lookn forward to seeing you
#atwork today a woman said, "honey, is that your water?" And her husband replied, "That's a candle." Ah stupidity, haha
that was cute tho but i have no idea what ur talking about!
": I can't wait for my mom to see her bday/mother's day gift she is going to love it!! :)" <3
Just saw a guy pee on the side of the street. Awesome
Good practice. Used the Strat. New Wah sounds TREMENDOUS.
The Tuesday but I wish it was Friday grind.
DUDE BARACK OBAMA SAID ITS COOL TO WATCH TWO DUDES MAKE OUT.... GAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
I remember being late to school for the first time cause i was live streaming "a year in the making"...when they were my secret.
I definitely will. I'm trying not to hype myself out, but I'm supremely excited for it.
I will punch you in the taint the next time i see you!
Bye bye Kyle!!! Nice!!
Well stop grabbing my ass and we wouldn't have this problem
Can we take Correia to Goodwill?
Hahaha u know its true anyways im home yay i win
Did you read GRACELING and FIRE first?
Tomato soup. Yum.
if yall dont mind please follow my friends n .. thanks if yhu do ..!!!
your comma placement suggests that we are certain he is male. Too bad, that would have been a REAL headline otherwise.
are you gonna be there?
“: So excited that is going to help me produce the short I've been trying to get done for 2 years!" Yes!
which ones and which do u like best?
Omg i really truly hate when somebody texts or calls and say #WeNeedToTalk man! I think the worst things after that.
always wanted to see game there
God is Good all the time and all the time God is Good.. GM!
Oh look i'm playing four square! I'm at home in hollywood california with ! Foursquare! Yeah!
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. Barbara Bush / Let's always be looking for a way!
O.O...asdfghjklkjhgf I died
#Actors who are your favorite people to follow on twitter?
Full moon tonite. Who saw that shit. Its big ass shit
On to the next
the Giblin Clan is represented by sis Julie and Bro Chris
Hm, so technically Finland isn't part of Scandinavia, I discovered. Amend that other tweet to "Nordic."
Night First Day Of School 8th grader yay
Just got out of a great meeting with new potential client for redesign/branding, marketing and seo.
Getting excited about our "Brew with the Brewer" events! First up is Sam Adams on April 22nd!
Thanks I will!
I can get used to these late night runs
a bunch r there only for the Joey Votto bobblehead. A lot won't stay for the game. It's probably already on EBay.
We'll get buried in the Criminal Minds Fans cemetery with all the other obsessed fans that died too.
His the king of the south
( ) CONGRATS :) I have loved btr since the first episode!
We did our part. #goacc #uva RT : And the #ACC gets a big win. Virginia takes down No. 15 Michigan, 70-58.
yea exactly, especially listening to music.
Today I'm going to ride bikes with , go to Svensk "Williamsburg", and check out Kaknästornet, the radio tower. Again, hurra!
Everyone please find it in your Heart to donate to the Haitian relief. My family and friends, please be strong and God is still with you.
Can't wait! Loved the Vampire Circus release!
Suck my dragon balls, call me Goku- waka
Brewers/Rangers World Series matchup would have me glued to TV set, Cardinals/Rangers would mean I may not even know when games are on
slacker day.
We were in the bed but our clothes were in the living room...
Frankie fresh fridays
Thanks for #FollowFriday shout out !
My 3 year old son really liked Niki Minaj until she scared the crap out of him tonight.
Hahah no. I just nod and when they ask what I think about you I ask them the same. The girl talk you always hear.
- Found you on Karmalicty.
aw I hate when people get heart broken, but they should listen when they're warned
The #Aztecs game was tough on the bracket... Go #Bearcats!
I love her writing. I'm looking forward to Isla and the Happily Ever After.
#myfavoritemovie any movie that leaves me with the feeling that the world isn't as bad as i thought it was
Bob gets the start today. Feels like a first place day
Hell yea.
Am I gonna waste my time trying this?
Thanks for the love! We popped a link to you guys on our site. Much respect.
Can't wait for Savage U goes to U of O. Hahaha. :)
I'm healthy man, I plot to make my cash expand. . . . Guess I'm not goin to sleep lol
Da definition of community doesn't fit the structure in which we flow as A-As Conformity is how much we can mimic others Monkeyism
Hopefully you are downtown. If you've got a place, you won't need a car. Let me know if you need help with directions/parking.
Nick Swisher is an #Orioles killer. 2-2 O's and
Maybe they serve BBQ ribs often for lunch and you need to clean up. ;-)
#WeWontWorkoutIf You can't trust me.
You know, I think this #SportingKC team is pretty good, you guys. #SKC 3 - 0
Do you think his lovestick can be liberated from his denim prison?
i am feeling terrible, but I need to go home and write some blog posts.
Finally can do the splits all the way down within one day :)
When I win the lottery, I will be hiring you to design my new home. Save me a space on your schedule!
That's why you're steady worrying about what I do.
this explains nothing D:
thanks for the b day wishes :)
Best of luck in Baltimore!
If you do any gift guides, we're happy to be included!!
I'm not trying to start a stampede, but Sara is baking fresh chocolate chip cookies right now!
Looking for good books about Africa or by African writers. Fiction or nonfiction. Any African country. Any recs?
When the writing is stalled, I go up to the attic and break out my saxophone for an hour.
Love this new song that was just sent to us!
Hope everyone is having a great night. Relaxing at home working on some online things. Will continue reading HP. Love Harry :D <3.
Would you be surprised to hear that majority of BigCo's are running a java app on Windows server as guest on Vmware? I was for sure...
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist.... Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
Are they the clear ones they're walking around with?
Is he Cal? NO! In the words of the great Matt Jones, Louisville's just Louisville.
#SXSW is so close!
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. -Vincent Lombardi
