Currently on the set of Motel Hell near Chicago....
does Cape FOWLweather have chicken weather or turkey weather?
they are doing it for Chipper Jones too! Idiots
Thank you!
Saw the Avengers, which was obviously awesome.
Very happy about stem cell research news. Hopeful for a remedy for sickle cell disease.
lmaooo “: How did Katy Perry even go out with that piece of shit?”
Hurry up and get through your lst day. We need the complete wolf pack haha.
Got to the DR's office for a 9:30 appt. Still waiting @ 10:15! Why do they think their time is any more valuable than mine.
Making new friends.
Me: mama I love you Mama: girl you know I love you too Me:but I love you mre Mama:huh? Me:ctfu
haPPy HumP day Jay!! thx for the follow gotcha on the
The Hunger Games movie.. <3
CHICAGO! I'm broadcasting LIVE on at #VerizonWireless in Lakeview on N. Clark w/ from the #Bears!
good night love ya!!(:
Thanks for all the tweets from #EdTechForum. Happy to be able to follow along!
The #24HOP has begun! Stay tuned for more updates on all of the chaos!
When Cher and the boys tweet... <3
Thank you so much for the wish. I don't have children but appreciate it regardless. You have a great day also !!
All HCPL branches are closed today. We will reopen tomorrow for regular hours.
Krejci just cannot finish anything right now.
O.O ": If there is a zombie outbreak in Vegas, does it stay in Vegas? #mindblowing"
nice man! I am checking it out. I dig, especially the drum samples on the first track (all i've heard so far)
hey hon! Great new products! You have been busy.. check your DM's too! :) xo
that's freaking awesome meowlove! So proud of you, and your girls!!!
Who's pumped for the show on Saturday!? Cowboys And Indians and Oh Sleeper!
While considering adding my Latin Jazz show, i hope that you had the time to listen to a podcast of my show.
Congratulations! That's wonderful and very well deserved.
am I invited to it little party gathering with Cody hmm haha jk
What not to do for an 8 am call time, show up early.
u know Cotto weighed 146 the fight before he fought PAC right? So 145 didn't exactly drain him. He said it himself. Bozo
I am so RESTLESS.
Happy Friday.
Not the marjiuana part! Boo that haha... Freak'n NINJAS OMG!!!! Thats something you never would expect to happen.
That doesnt mean i wont sneak out later tho :)
Correction: Kroger's #Searching :P
How about a follow. I swear I seen you at the gym the other day, but I know it wasnt you..could be your twin
“: my feet are literally destroyed from last night” feet aka entire bod
each of these: fantastic band names!
Art of Beer tonight at Sac Grand Ball Room. If you aren't up for that, it's also Firkin Thursday! More than one way to get your Rubicon fix
lets begin getting sued asap !
dude we should go to twitter everyday
Evansville's Forever 21 is crazy right now!
Cant FUCKING sleep. Woke up completely sore. What the hell.
On our way to NYC!
I got some thangs to run by you!
Anyone else think Capri Sun's are way too small?! All in favor of the 32oz version say I..!!
Hey followers! This is my new twitter and very soon I will be posting links to my newly recorded music/videos!!!
She said "I doing the jerk so much made me forget how to skip forward!" O.o
Clipped hair up quickly to get it out of the way & DH complimented it & said I looked like a Fraggle.
Why would you publically retweet your answer to a question that`s in the middle of a convo? Oh, right. Bloggers think highly of themselves.
Too many crazy things happening to let my kid run around by themselves anywhere..
I'm anticipating a blowjob from Carly Simon.
Just finnished a crazy #Ableton performance . . . Received a lot of good feedback
Oh god. My Facebook spammy ad has now changed to "meet women interested in guys that are over 30!"
Next season though...
Why do my ears eat my earring #soanniying and
Im good whats on the agendaRT : What's good
PEOPLE SAY YOU DONT KNO WAT U GOT UNTILL ITS GONE..........TRUTH IS YOU DO KNO WAT YOU GOT YOU JUS THOUGHT YOU WOULD NEVA LOOSE IT
I gotta take a piss everybody
Looks like another cold day out there, but at least there will be sunshine
New Opportunities -- Bigger Deadlines!! I'm looking for that gut punch!!
haha! actually, i took venice to lincoln to washington to via marina! and once i arrived, we all discussed how we got there
Soo im getting sleepy all of a sudden
Everytime I say something her response is pause the tv "huh"
Bored.. Gonna go make a picture for in photostop.
RT : flattered, there's a lot to love about Wisconsin
Dancing rehearses xoxo
just like republican voters' opinions!
no links. It's just what I'm hearing.
First LA rain ended with me zooming by everyone on the freeway,getting to my destination probably 30 min before anyone I passed
If you still creep, you still care.
There is a new sherif in town.
nothing. Just bored. Talking to you know who (;
--way to put me on, playa. thanks!
Where do sick Bumble Bees go for medical care? ............ To the 'Wasp-ital' ! !
#InstantTurnOn women with nice bodies
Love her hate her say what u want about her but u have to admit #britneyspears can dance
Yep I wear Tom's..
Bye, talk to you tomorrow! :) xoxo <3
People come and go...It can be really sad and hard to let go, but you have to stay strong no matter what.
Surprise guest dj at Supperclub tonight turns out to be the and they are living up to all the hype. Its insane in here!
Both are on sale all week, yup. Coen Brothers is $25, FIREFLY is $28. Both BD.
tika - apache software that can parse many file types. but can't deal with files > 2mb
Hovnanian ran through the CSO principal audition list for us in rep class tonight. WOW - amazing!
At the Committee on Library Advocacy mtg. Carol Brey-Casiano a great chair, OLA staffers Jackie Finnerty and Marci Merola- awesome!
Nice out and work sucks!!
I think it's funny how everyone is going to Ms. K's walk but no one went to Mr. Williams'
That's amazing!
Flying back to NYC. I have a photo shoot tomorrow!
Damn it I wish John Wayne was still alive
Oh man, obviously desert tables are what people who live in the desert call dessert tables
You need to come here in June for global artist showcase, then I can hitch a ride back with ya.
It will find you and it will need more editing than ever.
I'm in a room full of animals. Then there's my kitten.
I'm gonna vomit on this guy.
u would b amazed at how your words can affect others
The Silk Tie likes Paul! Cigars, booze and ties are our motto, thesilktie.com
so true. The way the offense has been so hot and cold it could be a coming out party for this kid. Let's hope not
But the cinnamon was the BEST part! GL on the presos and shoot today :)
I was totally thinking of you after it became the 24th and I was still in labor. Glad she came when she did!! :) :) Happy Bday!
I kid you not just entered the room to "Eye of the tiger"
love Halloween wknd!
did you hear who fucked her??
ets - happy friday! murdocks tonight at the mohawk w/ the war on drugs and 'til we're blue or destroy.
Digital magazine pricing is the worst. $5.99 an issue? Sheesh!
Your right.. Usable is kinda a nebulus term.. HA
weird I was gonna tweet that about 2 hours ago...
Worshipped @ Zion Baptist Church in Shreveport where Rev Brady Blade Sr delivered the word with a voice full of nuance and wisdom.
Right you are. On to the next one.
I'm done with patients today! I want to go home already
im trying my best love
The michigan st. Vs. Wisconsin game was amazing all the way to the buzzer! Michigan St. Over Wisconsin 63-60
that's a joke lol ": Faithful women ALWAYS win. ;)"
Banging on the door will not make me take a faster shower;P
Nice see you as well. Sorry to say that wasn't me but enjoy it regardless!
seeing my boys Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan with !!!! wish you were here!
thanks for the follow! also follow
I would give anything if i could just go back to sleep
shea IS SO MAD AT HALVO
editing until Thursday.
Hope my niece comes early and I get to meet her today :-)
BIG Thank You #AutowayToyota for the generous donation to the #CysticFibrosis Foundation & #TeamBreatheAndFlyFree We♥U!
i almost left the picnic not even an hour after i got there, ugh i didnt feel good but my bff helped me feel better..sun<<
you will you will you will
It happens...
...All About you.
maybe it has to do with like the release of the ball? Idk. Haha I've never gotten hit in the face at bat
Hollie did awesome tonight on faithfully.
Overtime hockey!
That head-nod guys give when guys see each other.
Welcome new followers.
No, no, no, there will be beer served in cans with camouflage wedding date koozies that say "the hunt is over."
way to tweet proofread, bro.
Thanks for the follow TrollFace "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Fuck math dog be a rapper instead!
aw dats what's up where u from
but who will play Bowie? Tilda Swinton?
Brunch in bed, now work, then The Avengers! Good Sunday :)
Wife just got mad cause I lost my mind cause Bodie from #thewire showed up on Blue Bloods.
Shes waking up ?
good job. I'm proud of you
And I'm not wearing a suit for the first day in for-ev-er.
Hey look out for our brand new jazz band called Beretta Grove. They are groovy and handsome too! Very retro
Thanks for making my Dream come true and letting me sing Steve Earle with you
true but sometimes it need's to be fucked back lol...
What leaders, unonymous, ex-in-waiting, boy in the coroner, macrocinema, Wim Wenders, scythe-saw: To know you is to love you is to kill you.
Reached my max follow limit:( will get you all done 2morroooo
Watch my student Bobby Ray Cauley, Jr on #breakoutkings this Sunday on A&E as "Young Ronnie". This is his first TV show!!!
We have something REALLY exciting that we will be giving away next Thursday….
o an for sure ill be back soon spring awakening is getting closer every week!
what's the plan for the weekend?
And a very Merry Christmas to you Maria. Many many thanks for everything this year. You are truly a good spirit.
Thank you. It looks like the #LetEricFollow campaign worked! I can see their tweets...at least for now.
I like to pretend the weight I gained this winter was for a movie roll, and that I now have to lose it for a "gladiator" type film.
Sorry to the ppl who dont wanna hear this but I can't wait until I move to
It is pouring in Portland. Perfect weather for
I show you..she walked up to me today going to lunch n put ha arms around me and said hey boo n i just stared at her like TF
any #python folks interested in contract-to-hire work in the #Austin area?
Lilo and Stitch!.
how come spiderman didn't play the bongos tonight!
oh yeah?! I'm not doing anything for you on Saturday!
Perplexing, and perplexed. Why can't Tiger, Inc. and the Salahis just spit out WTF happened to them? What's going on?!
I don't trust those...
Life lesson #1 today: it's never too early to enjoy Chumbawumba's Tubthumping. Never.
well, I must admit I own a few tv production companies...so I will say you are a little warm lol :-)
Good Morning Outstanding People.
Do you really believe you'll be released in the market place and have a lot that like you? Encourage or support you?
#HawthorneBV at 5-9pm tonight...Rocky Horror will be performing, come and enjoy a bite and some fabulous entertainment#
bo cubs.
Anne Arundel Co. Police Chief James Teare just entered County Council Chamber.. Apparently he plans to testify
if the Browns draft tannehill at 4 or trade down. I quit.
thanks for the mention! May your Tempranillo always be structured but smooth, and complex!
~you can say that again about the BCS. Who are you for between USC and Oregon?
Good Luck to Senior during the 2012 Pro Soccer Combine!
Followed, will you follow me back?<333 I love your icon btw :]
I enjoy iOS and FB games. I sadly will admit, I dropped a 100 on CityVille (never again though)
no it's safe. Relates to our twitter "chat" the other day.
You can only sit and stare at the wall for so long....before it starts making faces at you.
DONE. nat satisfied with my schedule but it'll have to do.
Heart the !
Love family days
"Don't you say goodbye I'll pick up these broken peices till I'm bleeding If that'll make you mine." ~Bruno Mars<3
Some girl commented on the #papyphonevideo "when are they going to stop calling it a band and just call it Adam Levine?" .. I will cut you.
best diet ever
That sucks..you gotta heal quickly so you can get out there and ride with the boys
Both kids have ocean views fun theo school desks. Not too shabby. :)
hey whats up holla at me...
what about me
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 !!
definitely breaking out in hives right now. sh*t.
I can't stand Taylor Swift's music anymore.
RT PLZ! Need a 2nd chance? Know someone who does? IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords! Call us & share this plz! : ) TY!
RT : How often should you tweet? As often as you have something important enough to say.
I did oops
Today at 1pm Pacific - a darn good and tasty new episode of Northwest Nosh - www.northwestnosh.com - Memorial Day Edition.... sort of
Thank you! Sometimes my raw honesty gets me in trouble. LOL! : great bbw article. As always raw and honest"
My tweets are working again!!! Now can I get 80 followers pls?? :)
Just got home from wok, tired would be an understatement.
": #oomf broke my heart LOL " <--- woulda been more convincing if it was a sad face lol
I love tweeting your phone, your keyboard is <3
Hey how are you doing
only good can come from taking off your belt: either you're ready to give a whooping, you're full or you're about to get some action.
Oh lord. Thought he was a family man? Regardless, surprised she can get any athlete to go out with her after K.H.
yea you right if anything imma just use dat shit to get a bigger fanbase too >.<
Any idea on when Raising Hope season 2 dvds come out?
Get her drunk enough and she'll move in with you.
Enjoyed the WVU game in Morgantown this past weekend. It was very sad about UCONN's Jasper Howard, but was handled well by fans and players.
ME. But you know me.
doing well today. And you?
- Welcome to the party!
#Desk jockey in a #PDX #office space? Come into our friendly NW location for a free consultation!
By the way.... We are 7 min from the stadium.
Bouta go cook sum
Saw last year while working the TriBeCa Film Festival and the film was beyond moving. It's definitely a must see!
put a hurting on them cat. I'm still fiending to hear more of your stuff. GOD Bless!!
About to make sum wings Alabama style
Fans if you missed our annual "Name that Tune", check out the guests mingling. Fun for great cause!... fb.me/Gr6TQsZd
peace out yay
ah, thanks! So, the status is "normal" here. Good to know.
Rain in Barbados...
Does anyone have a (free) QR code generator with analytics capabilities they really love?
I'm pretty sure that's the plot of a movie on netflix. Did you know there are hundreds of movies and tv shows available on netflix?
if our meet gets canceled tomorrow night i'm gonna kill someone.
Make sure you join the #BLACKLIST to stay informed about upcoming engagements, email your info to
Still working on cleaning up my office.
Is it me or does Jeremy Kyle's accent when he insults his guest make you wanna punch him in the mouth! I cudn't go on that show!
Hate tht I luv him so...y cant I just get over him? He did me pass dirty..is it strange tht I still luv n want him n my life?!
5 Ways Brands Can Use Pinterest to Boost Consumer Engagement
WTF WE GOTTA GET MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE TO THE TOP !!!! how is 'everyday im gomezing' on top? No offense i love selly(: buy c'mon ppl!!!
I really am an emotional wreck right now.
If you are at Venice Beach round 3pm go watch my buddy run the course for
morales needed a change and so did Rox. Wish him luck but it was time for both parties to move on
I spent a few weeks in Paris in the early 90's. From what I heard from the guys I worked with, this story is pretty true.
head to brunch at Grazie best in town
Exciting announcements coming regarding our venue!
I could only imagine what the Liverpool fans are chanting about Torres.
i think i found my new ringtone
Selena gomez on the cover of cosmopolitan...really?
NFL lockout coming to a close? If I don't see my Steelers this year I don't know what I will do with myself. CFL? Yeah right!
Sweet. That first weekend of release is gonna' be a nailbiter for everyone involved!
"Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive? If 'needy' were a turn-on?"
Everything about this Twitter is vomit-inducing. (Except, of course, for the guy who wrote it.)
RT : Major CIPR campaign is to make PR an attractive career to those communities who dont even consider PR as a job
lmaoo you dumb son
Mr Baker: Who you talking to Bubba? Javier: ....Myself?...
DM me ur e-mail address and I'll send u the invite letter for the Executive Speaker Series event in May.
GZ turned himself in because he didn`t want to be perceived as a flight risk so he can make bail.
‎"Learning never exhausts the mind."
Read on to learn more about Kirsten, who just might be someone you should consider inviting to your holiday potluck dinner
my feeling are goin thur a state of shock. fml.....im going to sleep. hurt x2
Plane too the dome got me got me dropping another song
I am getting SO excited about my showcase on the 17th!
the better step up REAL soon or it's going to be a LONG summer....
As its 2nd anniversary approaches, I'm joining , other women Reps to talk about benefits of #AffordableCareAct 4 American women.
Check it
If you are looking for tech support and IT consulting in the #DC area, follow
what pic wait u mean my avi
you is ugly
"artistic" needs be in quotes there
Why isn't Degrassi Nowhere to Run going to be on teennick?
My fall schedule will consist of no more than 3 days of class. School everyday sucks.
She looks regular as hell. I mean REGULAR. *scratches head*
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP 11
I'm sick:/
Am I alive right now?
#100thingsilove dim lighting; I'm strangely uncomfortable around bright lights
me too girl! :(
no it was an accident!
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 1
#crutchlife 🏃. <~~ me running soon!
ADD US TO YOUR MYSPACE!! myspace.com/thepulse983
This evening is morphing into a blip rampage. I feel it in my blood
holy hell!! why wasn't i following you here?
The iPhone is designed by the white man and manufactured by the Chinese...
Me: "I'm a wizard", Friend: "Then prove it", Me:"Sorry I can't, No magic outside Hogwarts.
In need of headshots or modeling photos - May 7, 2011 Photo Shoot in Charlotte, NC visit www.breakalegtalent.com to register
..."hey, I'll MAKE her think I'm taking myself off...so when she sees I take off Rachel, it will throw her off her game"?? Wha?
RT : YOU SHOULD BE FOLLOWING: &amp; ! FOLLOW &amp; RETWEET TO SHOW SUPPORT!
Happy Friday everybody 👍
who, who doesn't like doing homework at 12?!
All i hve is me myself & I & I am perfectly happii with tha...
just another reason I love me some Gary King!
its worth 80 bucks u paid lol RT : Just bought an AUTHENIC Ovi jersey for $80. Anyone want to tell me what it's really...
I love my momma.
you must have changed your privacy settings, because I didn't get your angsty tweets until recently.
The railroading of Blacks in Hearne,Texas with drug charges for political reasons, Based on a true story.
Glad your civic duty won't get in the way of promoting your book. I can rply w/ questions. thx!
Happy Passover my dear friends! Let the Miracle of Passover help achive all your dreams! By the way I need it this week!!!
Enjoying a fire and some on my Friday night. I'm pretty cool.
Up late again doing math homework, I HATE MATH
Ok...second attempt. Here we go.
Catch 22 has a table for you! Plus 22 different #sliders to choose from.
Thanks. And I was still critiquing your ties the whole time. What were you thinking on November 14th?
You jerk, I dougie. You're cool, I'm epic. You walk, I swag. You dream, I believe. You're a fan, I'm a belieber
My baby boy is 3 months old today. My life has changed forever & I love him SO much!!!
There’s a special word for people leave their Christmas lights up year round: Lazy.
If you still listen to our music, refollow us please! We just got a new account! : )
Is your man taking care of his skin? Bring him in to try on mens skin care.
go to sleep lol
Officially in love with One Direction ♥
no finals then SSP
running from the rain -- but can i beat it?
softly ok
They are beating all kinds of odds to even be in college. Tie $$ to GPA etc & they'll lose the $-- 2 no one's benefit
Dying trees can also be a sign of stressed or dying wildlife. Nocturnal #Austin animals are up in the day looking for food/water: not normal
Schiraldi: "First do no harm." Juvenile justice is not achieving this goal right now.
that would be so weird! I want to try driving over there haha
The only thing worse than the Yankees are their commentators
The Metrodome was a lot like Utah. Great place to sit on your ass and stay dry.
everytime i hear roger that i wanna take my clothes of ;)
And we love meeting all the librarians!
Wow. BULLSHIT! Hate being lied too!
“: Good Morning!” blessings to you this morning!
I know, right?!? We should coordinate going to see all this!
gonna party like it's 1999....need to get my motivation pumping!!!
My birthday is on the 8th. Can I get a "Happy Birthday Kimberly" or a follow PLEASE!
If you are on the commercial shoot today, the call time moved up. Check your email!
thanks mom covered up a couple times during the night
really life changing
You like?! That's great! RT : This #SmokeHouseBbqChickenSub from subway...
Picking up a dub sac to last me til Thursday..
Anyone building cars in present day is simply doing a Carroll Shelby impression.
Neoliberal MSM frames ACTIVIST the same way it frames TERRORISTS. To achieve as a movement #ows must rework framework as #activist=american
Hump day baby
That's what's up :)
Just found out i might be seeing soon! #sopumped #imissher !! <3
Baby let's roll with it :)
I was going to say something importa
Got like 20 more hours until im 3 hours away! SO excited!
If you say you love that one female why have other females on the side . That dont make since
omg i might be late, but is that thomas in your twitcon? omg aojsdoiefjoweigf adorable <3
Lets finish strong here
because I'm not in school?
When everyone goes to see Hunger Games and doesn't invite you
come tinychat with us
Hi gud evening
how 'bout her skinny sick friend? :)
brilliant words with Piers Morgan. You really energise me dude! (I'm not a fan of Morgan)
LOL love you too boy
RT [...] My friend was just joking that I should work there the other day. :p (Let's see those moves)
Welcome to the team Elizabeth Valadez, and Katy Koepfle!!!
#67-Brian Waters-G-Kansas City Chiefs
Why, why do I even read record reviews? It's not like anyone's taste is any good, except for my own.
What is autotweet? Sorry for my ignorance. I've noticed there are different ways of retweeting. Trying to figure it out.
Congrats to the Saints the new World Champs of the NFL!!!
Breakfast, movies, and shopping date<3 :)
oh and how did the buckeyes do today??
would love to help! RT : Could anyone recommend a good and advanced online badge-platform (except #badgeville)?
bored @ work
20% of us will spend on a Valentine gift for our pets. Oh, and why is Vancouver one of the most romantic cities in the NW. at 6:30
im tired gnite tweet u in da morning
953 W. Diversey (Sheffield & Diversey) at the Brown Line stop. We hope to see you in May!
I hate getting late to work :(
If I'm a royals fan, I love the Moose/Gregg matchup
It's not just Jimmy Fallon and Barack Obama. It's also UNC Chapel Hill, my alma mater! Wake up and watch! : you alive?
catching up on episodes of Blue Bloods with my hubby. :)
Thanks for the Offer but I already found My Mrs. Wright :) (btw: I'm flavored like #bacon salt) LOL
Huge thank you to & everyone involved in the newest Muppet movie for being so true to the tradition. Great movie!
Welcome, friend!!
Let's talk about feelings of inadequacy, shall we?
My friend & I registered but cant make it tonight. Can we view the webcast at a later time or is it only live streaming?
Bout to stroll to dolci with a sippy cup of tempranillo to erase this day in gelato and wine. Who's coming?
still praying Community goes down, heard you might get into porn as a last option <3
I feel like listening to michael Jackson
Pizza = best food item of all time
Apparently I'm the 2009 version of myself today...Just printed a bunch of 42-cent stamps with the Pitney Bowes machine. :| Ugh.
I'm actually really upset about that picture! 😢
whats good fam thanks for the follow
Hi AV ! Following U, follow back? thanks
well they needed the help on the glass
When people criticize you all the time <<<<<
Albeit late, this week I just discovered the real beauty of . Takeaway: reddit = NYC & twitter = LA
I'm so glad to hear it! You are very welcome.
Things I never expected to need a bookmark of: the Orioles' home game schedule. Protip: don't work next to baseball stadiums.
watching strange sex with my room mate. haha.
Here we go! Another nice Saturday in Hampden, come and get em', burgerss burgerss burgers, OPEN 12pm-8pm
#Packers are about to draft! Ah I miss football
And these are the types of thoughts you have, when you watch We Bought A Zoo
Patriots for sure if you include trades, but your Texans have done a great job as well. Plugging some holes on that D
oh I thought you had talked to Kim :x but I'll see you there :)
oh yea lol cuhz a clown
So happy the new is out. Happily Ever After is such a good song.
Endless good, some cry music
Dear Karma: I have a list of people you missed.
Lol RT : Sigmas that can Sigma Walk without tripping on your own feet @ me
I'm walking, I'm walking, I'm walking !!!
okey. :) you saw mine?
let me find out we going ham on twitter lol
Before I go, please let me just say this...I'm seriously thinking about getting a dog.
Meek Mill & Drake killed Amen >>>
relaxin...beat up from all the riding..gotta just chill
No Cilantro. M M M
Now A&M gets one back! Score Kansas 2, A&M 1 with 14 minutes left to go.
I wonder what had to tell me? :)
now now mrs! Name and shame! <3
Did you just like a video of a "Hot Brazilian girl Shaking her butt"?? :0 #Shocked lol
just shutup. Like now.
Question is will they launch GG in fall or midseason considering its only 11-13 episodes?
ewwy my braces are like cutting my cheeks, get off fdjkdshjkfsd
I may be a pretty tough cookie but sometimes people can be so mean! Be nice to people today.
WOW! Rivers was the only shot they had, and he knocked it down!!! What a freaking finish to that one.
Lord Knows almost complete
I think Colin Dunlap is the one guy I really cant stand listening to on 93.7; this is including Ron Cook.
Just came from NBC's upfront presentation. Long and monotonous. Nothing new really stands out.
Thats sounds so exciting!
that's EXACTLY right!
#ThingsThatShouldNotHappen leading a girl on, when you have no plans on making her your girlfriend
RT ": I love the men that work for megabus. Really. #mancrush"> you are something else
Oh, sorry to hear that! Anything we can do to fix this?
dat nigga look like a alien in a person's body LO_OL
Thanks for following, Been super busy with this benefit. Pics coming soon!!!
that was a great commercial!
King 2, Churchill 2. The epic continues as the game enters the 11th. Game 2. King trying to force a third.
Kooln is my daily hobby...
Is it weird that I wanna go back to school tomorrow? I miss the constant socializing
I should still be asleep. @
Why has no one ever used the word "snarfolepsy" around me to describe a food coma? You have all failed me.
A good day!!!! Didn't think it was possible this week!!! Big sigh
yolo really didnt make since to use in that last tweet, but yolo. it doesnt make since in this one either, im just too happy to tweet.
822K ppl given $110MM to classroom projects from 230K teachers at 50% of all public schools in US thru
I guess my friends forgot all about me
Moving into an off campus house soon? Don't forget to open a House Account at the Credit Union!
Weekends are a bit like rainbows; they look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them. ~ John Shirley
#occupypierstonight new tech innovations (robotics) will continue to reduce jobs available to people. The solution? We need to consume less.
Melo out there looking tired with no legs, no subs, but no excuses despite some questionable officiating they missed too many FTs & Jumpers
i always think they have their own time zone. i look at the clock and it's like 2 in the morning and they're at store..
Love that! What a great welcome to the team! :)
LOL me either oh well. How's life been? Go to any concerts recently? :D
Hey can i have your email and send you out a couple records
Why cant You? Plus you should know all the insider secrets, tips and tricks without which it is nearly impossible to succeed
Writing resume for European healthcare executive. Such an amazing difference in outlook re patient care vs profit
it was fun!! im so mad i didnt win the signed picture tho -.-
Come out for Glades final home game of they year ( 2$ )
probably. They moved there from Florida last August lol.
lol never that's my girl lowkey
hi all -- please join the ucla presenters upstairs in the Cyprus room
Great beach pics on your daily blogs. Makes the reading of them very easy! I am a beach lover, too.
Just walked into an internet cafe in Sri Lanka and smooth jazz is playing. Yess.
Feeling sorry for Bryz tonight. Hopefully Lavi rips into the Flyers after the 2nd and they come out with some heart in the 3rd.
Loved your work as the dad in "Elf."
instsagram came out for android!!!!
Feeling great killer audition, get ready for the ride
London&#39;s Olympic stadium opens with 2,012 hours to go
i love to leave an unusual coin - half dollar, betsy ross dollar, etc. and coin from another country.
Get ready to surrender this wednesday at surrender night club... only!
He's just rachettt
Sweatin right about now! Damn u Wii
One big store. Full of low prices.
so you want your cord but don't hit me up for it lol
I have met some of the best ppl I'm having so much fun
. Hillary was rehashing Bill's social calendar again?
Texas comes back to within 5 of Cincy. Amazing.
Thanks for giving me the credits. :-)
Teach the kids, and the world becomes a calmer place. C our kids' fitness device with price tag too good 2B true right now.
I want to take a quick walk but David Lang's "Memory Pieces" is playing on Q2 and I can't stop listening.
Well today was an interesting day lol
If I had 1 wish it would be 4 nobody 2 have insecurities. They get in the way of great things happening & people reaching their potential.
Excited to see & for dinner tonight at !
Great choices - enjoy!
as a teacher I see significantly more allergies nowadays than when I was an elementary student
Haha I just tweeted for the first time in MONTHS. I guess i'm back?!?!?!?!
They need to move the carnival NOW.
Poon needa let me hold one of them lava lamps tho ..I'll pay him back lmao
never mind my twitter is slow and I just got the other part of your message haha So how's your Saturday going?
I'm tryna get a zip for 4/20 but I only wanna spend like $80 lol
I agree about the effects. Seems too dark. I loved the colorful take from Raimi. And I thought his Spider-Man was snarky enough.
FB has never released a fully functioning/stable app, agree
thank u
Haven't seen highlight but saw twitter feed. Did #Tiger punch the new female CEO of IBM in the baby-maker or something?
Ballpark is packed and livelier than usual tonight.
Yeah fuck depression. 😓
How old did u turn?
Corey Hart: like a baby giraffe learning how to walk on its own.
Man im still not tired
Happy Birthday !!! Keep getting in Brodeur's crease and we'll win this series!! Let's Go !!!
haha I was thinking the same bout the accent.
Prom season is around the corner and the buses are going fast. Don't miss out on our special, which includes dinner with the 10 hour package
Thanks to all of you who submitted! For those of you who didn't, please do so for our next issue!
Oops. The show is called Fatherhood.
A lion wouldn't cheat, but a tiger wood
Meeting to talk about the big day in Charleston. Can't believe it was almost 5 months ago!
that's absolutely fantastic
It's a good strategy because there is no empirical method to discern whether there are gods. I like to hedge my bets.
First day being 18#great!!
hahaha may the best team win as they say in... nothing anymore :P
there were pages turned , bridges burned , but there were lessons learned <3
#dhtrial 4 geentlemen in bendix court waiting patiently interupted for judge " we could be here all day with nicollette sheridan"
The #Texans still have the best uniforms in the league.
I like all five of those things! Sorry I missed it today. I'll have to catch up this week!
“: How in the world am I supposed to study for precal if I have no idea what to do. #whereareyoueinstein”///tht nigga dead lol
wifi at the Apple store is so slow.
ramirez is scuffling but not worried at all..he will have some big moments this summer.
Is everyone having a wonderful Martin Luther King Day?
it's been 18 days sense I told you I loved you(: and I'll be spending a life time trying to prove it(:
#workWorkwork #letsgo when I get home #workWorkwork can't wait to get these videos out.
Kentucky tried so hard to turn the ball over there
oh my :( That wasn't for you I'm so sorry <3 I feel bad Now :/
I'm making some recipes from your book today! I'm excited to try the kettle corn.
Anyone. Wanna try and get me 5 more followers? :)
that is actually hypnotic to me, I try to look away but I'm fascinated how a human being can have ball parks in their head?
I can't believe you put that in public.
lmao. momma we would be so bored there! lol. all wed do is smoke and sit in creeper mexican bars.
It would be AWESOME if I could find my prescription sunglasses, since I probably shouldn't put my contacts in tomorrow at all.
Classes start soon! June 26th for Aesthetics & May 15th for Cosmetology. Call 773-635-1000 today!
I mean nothing to you, so why do you mean everything to me?
indeed plus video
There were 3 people one had a dog, 2 had a cat, and three had a horse how many pets did each man have? Dm me it. =D
aw love you :) are me, you, and Steph all still hanging out this weekend?
No kidding.
dude, you have tweeted 96,713 times... how is that humanly possible?!
Wonderful to hear! Thanks again. And happy birthday, Rory!
Hi im amanda and my life is a freaking living soap opera
So I am not following anyone now on here who doesnt follow me back... But am trying to reach 1,000 followers, so follow me now!!!!
Funny! Yesterday saw a worker chasing a single leaf with a giant leaf blower machine strapped on his back. One leaf. Just one leaf.
Love does not measure; it just gives. - Mother Teresa
I can't believe that I had lost my phone good thing I have insurance!(:
Mother's Day lunch at P.F Chang's was delicious. 😊❤
: As marketers, we can't control what happens on the court, etc. put we can grab ahold to the momentum
Feeling stressed? Take a vacation to Miami Beach! Spend the day at the Spa, Pool or even a walk on the beach. Book Now!
RT : So true!! RT : If you do service right, everything else falls into place.
Time is running out in the #Gresham teachers #Strike - will they walk out at 6am? The latest w/ #BrentWeisberg next
Randi Weingarten: Financial Knowledge Can Be Economic Destiny: Knowledge is power, and in the case of financial education, knowledge ...
I haven't lost my mind, I have a tape back-up somewhere. ~ Anon
we are MEN. we must be swift as a coursing river. men. with all the force of a great typhoonl. we are men.
i love you song smile!!
I need to get in your sight
oh no shit just got REAL! You're taking this shit public!!!!!!
day 2 of #SWMadison was a great success! lots of hard work by everyone involved. hope everyone is excited for the final product tomorrow!
This portion of her film discussed how African Yoruba continued to keep their religion during slavery in Cuba.
THat song go in!!!! IMA START a RIOT!! lol even thoe its crazy af
Yay!! Congrats!! :D
thats what I need....my drawing skills are limited.
Oh my, what a day. Anyone else glad this week is almost over? Thinking about hiding under a blanket the rest of the day. Sheesh.
Friday night: pasta, friends and family around the table. Four bottles of wine and counting. Hello, weekend.
if there was a white kid killed in the same fashion we wouldnt hear a word about it.
Which season are they in now, 4 or 5?
Breaking shit seems to be my superpower.
What do buyers really want? The truth. Via
nice game of spades!
I can't wait till all this bullshit can be over.
I see you clownin w that 33 piece
What kind of name is Catness? Going to see the Hunger Games tonight. O boy...
“: #RedSox, long gone. #Yankees, done. #Phillies toast. Wild card frenzy. Oh, baseball... what a year. #MLB#2011”
Did Usher just die in a car accident, or is this some insidious BS?
Perhaps could land a nomination?
come on dude, that's BS
It's not too late for brunch! We do it every Friday from 11 to 3, with 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas!
Bowl Painting Party hosted by Whole Foods downtown, Saturday, Oct. 17 from 10 am until noon. Paint an Empty Bowl for the AEBP - $5.
buy floss picks. Life changin.
good luck!
There aren't many people at the park. Why are concessionaires so slow?
It feels like Saturday
i just want to sleep... forever
What is your favorite service you’ve used from PrettyCity? Let us know! You never know what may come of it… :)
Looking for some wisdom on dealing with stress in the superintendency.
good timing! they're going to start tweeting locations tomorrow! last time they hit up los feliz.....
14 years later dude is still around , and I still dislike him a little lol // i know the exact feeling
now your turn :D
it's not socially acceptable or "cute." But it's okay to slap harmful texture altering chemicals in a child's hair.
could i get a follow for my birthday?<3
That sounds like fun.
never been kissed only makes sense if you are currently IN highschool. After that it's a creepy mess. brought to you by1999
Tonight though is going to be the death of me. Yay for less than 5 hours of sleep.
We were born to unite with our fellow men, and to join in community with the human race.
From: Taliessin through the TARDIS: "the glory of the Emperor stretched to the ends of the universe."
The halls are no longer alive with the sound of music… :'(
cutest thing I've ever seen.
I say #AngelsandGentlemen should trend for
How can we improve charitable work over the next 15 years?
Yes: the Joyce video game is a secret passion (you decide if Eveline stays or goes; "Circe" as FPS)
What a weird and crazy night.....now i am listening to the pixies .......
Shocked my aunt wit my mechanical toothbrush:3 HIGHLARIOUS!!!!
Take it or leave it cause I'm really leavin
Point is many restaurants missing out on the economic recovery while others are notably grabbing larger % of consumer discretionary spending
Here's the thing about subliminals....real niggas never use em....come direct like a G.
is there a book called #twitterfordummies?
hahah thanks Miela The great things that you get to do as part of the ;. send that email and sign up! :)
thanks for sharing
And the mall's my best bet. XP
That terrible moment when your phone freaks out on Facebook and you have no clue what you liked.. Makes me feel like a creeper:(
- yeah, it's surprisingly bad. Try making additional payments toward principal in their finance area.
Not enough online advertising for us all! That's why Talkbiznow.com is giving small businesses it for FREE!
uh oh!
hoping Madden 13 gives me that passion once again to play!
I think are all cute but Niall or Zayn it would be for me :)
I never show out
Sounds awesome if I can get away from serving Ice Cream down the street I will give it a try. Come on by 4 a scoop sometime
,OMG! You are very very crazy and funny xD Ahaha,good job ma :'D
A pregnant woman: "I can't come to work the rest of the day. I have morning sickness. Maybe it will last the rest of the week!!"
Is hell other people?
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. ~ Dale Carnegie
Refs wont give us a charge at all in this game, BTW when does the U23 game start?
Grades are in. Let the wild rumpus begin.
NOW FOLLOWING :)
Come In Out of the Rain ~ $50 Gift Card Only $45 until next week ~ Try some Chef Wes Hannah Specials and our legendary Vegan Fusion Menu nOw
I believe it, always knew you'd do something bro. Holla at me when you're ready for the entourage haha
For more news visit www.tncnews.com
Seriously? That ticks me off. I don't know you as a prof but your visibility alone is worth a whole lot.
War horse foundation, a variety of period outfits from where people actually rode horses into battle. Arabian horses.
Today's gonna be a long day
I know some of you are gonna flinch, but anchovies and capers: M.
Follow me if you think I'm cute
I know right
Even with Knicks ineptitude, they will still and always be number 1 in this town regardless, can't say that about his teams.
I hate when people stare at me
I like your default :)
Everyonee please follow ♥ GO GO GO HURRY.
it's Cathy's clown
click follow :') x
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. RALPH WALDO EMERSON...
Hope I'll get a chance to run into you during GDC then, which party will you be at?
Industry Night Hmu for VIP services
I dont understand how females be posting pics of they feet in open toe heels and they feet be jacked up smh
I just woke up and realized my Mom is getting nothing for Mothers Day and she is going to be pissed for weeks. I don't know what to do :/
And for my next trick...I will now attempt to get out of bed.
Do something that your future will thank you for.
Been thinking about her all day today, too.
By 'all the degenerate gamblers on covers' do you mean 'all of us on covers'?
So FaR GoNE
HAHA! isn't Travis in that one?
Get started-and you've already jumped the highest hurdle in most tasks. ~ Cindy Francis, Life Lessons for Women
Thanks for the mention!
Nice! RT : "Metadata is a love note to the future"
"What are CDs?" - my children in a couple of years
my name is mrs.squarepants
Happy Mothers Day & Thanks For being the Best Second Mom Ever <3 PLEASE FOLLOW ME ?(:
My paperless experiment (paper on iPad instead of printed out) was successful this morning. Use tips to prep, of course.
thanks for the heads up, my lil cuzo wants sum of her perfume and shes only 12
Yall are hilarious! Its quite alright to be "Boo'ed" up on Twitter... Team J-Mat! ;-)
"fondling beads"
Headed to #TimesSquare to welcome 2012!
Insider tip: If you're in the mood for new tunes, give us a ring and enjoy the hold music - it draws from whatever is playing in our store.
Wondering if Konowalchuk's in over his head, or he has nothing to work with?
did you get it?
Bones Jones! 1st rdRT : Bones Jones or The Dragon Machida?
" #Imagine *having a pillow fight* You: I'm gonna kill you!!! JB: Not if i kill you first. ;) *takes shirt off* You: *DEAD*”
Want to go to Alicante or Honduras over winter break 2013? Today is the LAST day to pick up an application! We are open until 5pm.
Join us at Macy's South Hills Village Jr. Dept. Saturday, Aug. 20th noon - 3pm for back to school trends in Hair, Skin, & Nails
but you had a great honeymoon, didn't you ?? Wink wink.;-)
Another (3rd day in a row) OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow
Well, let's see how long it takes before "Barackness Monster" is trending on twitter.
Mr. Never wear the same thing. Stay flyer than the rest of them
and bring beautiful and customized curtains made in aluminum. they've got any deisgn you want. awesome! booth 2521
don't worry I will always be ME! :) thanks for the support !
Tai, unagi, smoked sake, marilyn roll & Peter #4 roll. Damn tasty dinner @ Wasabi in Citrus Heights.
Journal #2 due tomorrow for current JAMS interns. Get them in before the drop box closes!
Sellers Buick GMC = showcase for how every GM dealership should be. Bought 2 cars from them, 400 mi away
Back to work. Internet is back in
Peace, Love, and Basketball.
Hot mamacita Miley
isn't giving your wife an allowance basically like paying for sex?
havnt been on fr a damn long tym so sup guyz RT if u think mindless behaviours hawwtttt
you and I are each the Prez of our respective Fan Clubs.
thats why we stand by Bo Ryan, he's not a scary coach. I still preferred he try to draw up a play.
So you can email questions now, but then send me a REMINDER on May 9th? K?
At lunch I opted in to 's text message campaign. My iphone tried to correct "cfabrr" to "cadaver."
If someone told you that you were not going to amount to anything. I am here to tell you that they lied! You are more than conqueror!
Everybody's coming out! Now it's time to work the gay agenda. Ding!
A true relationship is having someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you & encourages your future.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
It's so early for me to be up.
if i say it i meant it
Oh yeah, only you would relizee dat, and he said hey. Btww . only 2 people know about that don't
that's how long I thought they were :O :$ :P
to hot bro!!!
Honesty time: I wrote one post for ESPN Page 2 and, yes, I am a Nigerian prince hologram.
I'm needing some good d right now!!!!!
let's not forget Duke doesn't miss!
Sometimes I wonder why I watch novelas then I remember tht I have no life -.-
I feel as if i am way behind in stained glass
I think has an iphone charger? She's right below me.
What can you do for me that I can't do for MYSELF
Little momma a quarter piece she far from a dime
New Song By Lil Meta - Love To Stunt
Splice chunks.. ew wait no.. uhm Spicy Splice?
Almost got into two car accidentson the way to school and yes, I blame my mother.
glad you have joined ustream... Live broadcasts soon
makin me hungry bro!
Feeling like a billion bucks!
bankroll afta bankroll GET IT GANG we get it
I'll be back in the US next week and all over my 8 online accounts and 4 phone lines!!!!
Scratch that, it's next week. STILL...U BETTR WATCH OUTT
Hey man whats good, I need a PR. Hit me up in a DM if you want to network!
this is one of those days where you need to buy new pants...
I am determined to get followed by you,Madison can you please follow me?!?(:
Can't wait to see tonight :) :)
Today, set your sites on just one of your daily goals. Hold your focus, don't hesitate, just breathe and hit it. #Bullseye!!
RT : CONGRATS to on the 3rd biggest opening of ALL TIME with $155M!!
Forget the risk and take the fall, if it's what you want it's worth it all <3
This new job is kicking my arse!
ditto!! miss you
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. - Winston Churchill
gets his braces off on NSD ;) <3
Thanks for having us be a part of the #TravelingBin campaign. We had lots of fun helping for such a great cause!
The anxiety for these final exams wont get to you when you know youre prepared
whoever the fuck is blaring lil wayne shit outside better be getting laid.
Hey there..
Hi Tyler! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
Good to see Carl Povano still sucks, back-to-back home runs to start the game hahaha
I just want to go my happy place right now
That moment when you see the person you like. And your heart starts to race and you get butterflies in your stomach.
The #shoneysremodel is why we didn't get Shabazz. He's a Friendly's man.
Minor Threat.
you both have a beautiful grin. :)
Anyone need custom touchosc templates made and mapped out message me
We have the full description of the results up on our Facebook page. "Like" us and check it out!
The outline for Episode 1 of the new webseries is ready.
The buzzing is so loud, I think my cloud got stuck in a deep data immersive mobile experience…
he's looking at the camera like he knows he's making the entire nation jealous because they are not sucking his hot mom's tit.
pick me up a shamrock shake while you're out and about
Very sweet!
we gotta lot of work ahead of us boys...
I'm not in Danvers. Previous tweet (retweeted from ) is of Pepper Candy Co.
YES IT'S FOR FREE AND IT'S THE REAL ALBUM.
she is spoiled.. JK!
Every major change in life should be towards bettering yourself
"Almost everything has a built-in daemon." Deep thoughts with
WOW! Thx 4 follows from : & then some! #RedShoeCrawl supporters too!
Back in the trenches building a web site... it's been too long! CSS, Javascript, Contact form validation... my head is really full!
Keep up the fight and thanks for your support of USF!
Get a room! :D
who is vincent?? I love my mini mab bag
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
Nothing like a nicely trimmed mustache to start the day.
Please support homelessdogmusic launch Jan 2012 PLEASE contact me for more info!!!
Always glad to "meet" another writer ! I look forward to some good conversation!
O_o ": I want to eat Robinson Cano's face!!!!"
Yess he's on our plane! Dance partyy!
yupp , you need to see ya sister sometime lol
Innovation and hard work doesn't guarantee success, it's the PEOPLE that make it take shape. - Pres. Albaugh TRUE DAT!
not a ton I'm afraid, but our guys say that your current app gets de-listed, and you're banned from launching other products.
It's funny because while you meant to call me 15, you called yourself 15 accidentally. CHODE FAGGOT ASSLICKER CUNTRAG
“If you can #read this, thank a #teacher .” - Anonymous teacher
's Manuel Roig Franzia talks story ideas with #icfj fellows. HIs book about the rise of MarcoRubio due out in summer.
You just don't get it do you? You don't think you are but all you do is string those guys along and act innocent. <--Whore.
“: When I saw that Jenelle n KEIFFAH ah official again...at furst, I WANTED TA SMOKE A FRIGGIN JOINT TA CALM DOWN!"
Would most reporters like to be pitched over the phone or by email with a pitch and release? (Sorry if I'm behind)
been really sick and daydreaming bout adam lambert
EWC wish all of the students at Butler University (Official Page) a wonderful semester :)
I wish Twitter had a "trends among those you're following" option. It would help important stuff rise to the top earlier.
GOOD MORNING! HAPPY EASTER!
Dear haters, my allegiance is with the #bulls, ride or die that's my team & we are not about to go out like that
you can reg until beginning of level 5 so 4:30 i guess? im about to pass also but in tally, hope i make it..
Yes it does!! Let's go!
7 or 8, can't remember exactly
Great show!
Heading to judge a high school fashion show. What trends will I see? Perhaps little dresses, fabric poofs and bedazzled headbands? more2come
I don't understand what a majority of these commercials what -.-
Please pass Birthday Wishes from me to SusieQ :)
do that one then! Haha
Today/2morrow special: vermicelli pasta & garlic bread for $3.49. #food truck
Thank you Stephen! He donated $10, he's a real Fun Friend!
ok beautiful I stopped txtn u cuz u never txt me back
Also we're excited to see you when we get back. Congrats!!
I must try!
not only in Vegas. My New York have them too.
Pretty lazy rehearsal tonight and then there was the getting locked out part...
#milwaukee What motivates you to succeed?
Wow, surprised. RT : #METS Per NY Times Wilpons settle with trustee for $162M
It's mind boggling just how amazing that Fair was...
Inside the NBA is going to be epic after that one. Amazing comeback.
#imagine Zayn pulls you close to his body and kisses you.
Supermoon? More like regular-sized-moon-closer-to-the-Earth-than-usual.
Just now got done with lifting and running! Geez that was hard(:
Looking forward to seeing you again, Mike!
cool um soy de las Estados Unindos means I'm from the united states
Maroon 5 is messing up The Beach Boys songs horrible!
I loved Shen Wei's new dance piece tonight. It's COMPLETELY INSANE in a highly accessible & weirdly compelling way.
Loving every minute of not loving life
haha where do you live at sir :b
What a random retweet
on da low coolin!!! Preppin this music for this meeting at Dtp may 14th, im headed out atl To meet with these reps!!!
My 9 year old niece told me that I was way cooler than Justin Bieber...not just cooler, but way cooler.
jello shots + birthday cake =
Wow. No one told me that the terrible twos can actually arrive at 19 months.
we need to plan a trip in March & pretend like Spring Break still exists?
Walking at the gym & constantly feeling a little hand or elbow on my hip bone w every stride.
They may not be right there but they are still around we need to take back out govermentandgive the power back to the people
: made varsity my freshman year ;)
Ha! So true.
wait it's 4 am? It was only ten 5 min. ago where did the time go?
... thanks for playing us on show..let me know if you want a copy of the album
thanks for sharing! Definitely need to read up on this...
African, British, Scottish & German ancestry here.
I thought Kobe was about to pick up Gasol and swing him at an opponent.
Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
awesome. You go get em lady. How ya feeling?
are you fucking kidding me doe
#PaloAlto #California we have tons of #jobs contact me
Welcome to twitter! Thanks for connecting!
If anyone else is watchig dear john, text me
Grrreaaat...! I Wish It Was A Lil Warmer Tho.
ITS THE HARD TIMES 4 LYFE MOVEMENT AND WE ARE ON THE WAY UP DOIN BIG THINGS MIXTAPE IS COMING REAL SOON
The corner treats you good girl! RT : Rough night at work , but made good money.
Did I miss the morning show today?
re-runs of felicity got me through my first year of college
give me a shoutout please! :D
Amazing how I have managed to rear some pretty amazing kids despite our sad middle class lifestyle.
Day 1 of the NFL training "evolution" begins. Weights, Treadmill, MMA!
FHF generates financial support to help cover academic services and recruiting efforts!
Radical ideas take time, Julian. Just because congress wouldn't accept it now doesn't mean in 12 years it won't be feasible
You serve bankers daily, so would you serve Hitler or Stalin?
18 yrs & found it wasn't his, lmao, sucker
: Fabulous! We look forward to becoming a more robust & trusted biz dev partner to your team in 2012!
yes it is raining. I'm a happy man.
#follow one of the BEST music companies, ever.
what happened to us? </3
"Dirty Joke Show" now downtown. Nightly at 8.
why did I just sing this in my head as lions n tigers and bears oh my replacing the words obvi
Thanks man I apreccaite it
You guys, its my birthday tomorrow :D
Rode out to visit a client today. New England in the fall is explosively beautiful. Gorgeous foliage!
Last day for $30 web flyer designs! - Mention this post when you place your order at MWWdesigns.com
Stop in to the before your evening commute and pick up dinner from one of our wonderful vendors!
I hate this #damn #stupid morning show----> But I guess I will listen to it just because is going to be on it.
is it really a black friday deal if its before friday?
much deserved rewards for working so hard.
Thanks for hosting us this morning to talk about READ and anti-bullying efforts in Jax.
Looks like my uncles will arrive here today, but I don't know what time is their flight..
Can the Kings step up tonight on national TV and steal a win?
depends on what kind lol
#Bachman's problem: She stopped being entertaining.
haha I actually still have cassette's and the walkman lol I'm a pack rat
RT : Just 2 days until we announce Discover Wisconsin's new host on ! Who's excited?
Early dinner date with it's been too long, girl!
Hahaha you win...bunch of guys sitting on the bench on those inflatable donuts...hahaha.
Online classes are horse shit
Both! We promote the business in general, special events, contest, etc. Complete package marketing!
hahah that sucks. come work for Columbia! making pappppppperrrr!!!
I don't want to go to second period
"Our Place" was good to me tonight! Show was big fun,... the spirit payed a visit "I Love The Lord"
it's a classic tale of redemption. The mighty are the ones who get back up after they fall.
but idt I can stay with u till sophomore year
It's not just you. *sigh*
Thanks for RT
That just makes me cringe. I hope we throw, within reason, some $ at Bourn to make him stay.
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round? In 1770, long shapes began to appear & then the "Baguette" was born!
Tiger's new swing doesn't allow him to put weight on his Right leg, so his has zero stability on BOTH feet. Can't shape shots
I saw that and was like whaaaattt
whats the difference?
I understand #thingshappen :-)
I legit have barbie nails right now
lol those bats are disgusting tho lol dude's right!
They're going to waive Felton though, yes?
me; madison your tears arent raindrops madison; yeah they are and your hair is silk that came from your mom's *bleep*
I hate how I have like sleep amnesia. I never remember anything that happens until my body is fully awake.
"Do librarians act as censors?" paper due this weekend. Getting my thoughts in order... Opinions?
O: lmfao. Well guess what? I just went thru ALL of YOUR pictures(;
you even put code in the credits? so much love.
This week, I'll be discussing the & #NATO as it relates to
Who fuking wit me TURN UP!!
staten island ny
Listening to The Funeral by Band of Horses gets me pumped every time!
Sometimes I feel like Waka Flocka is the only person who understands me.
Ha jamming to one direction with >>>
How are you finding the restaurants in Mary Brickell so far? If you need any recommendations I'm happy to help you. GO HEAT!
Hi!!Mr. nandos....can you follow me back...that's my only wish..:))))
-- Hosmer's probably the best player ... likely a win-win trade.
well done on the social media front for
oh no where's this coming from ?
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
awesome! what distance are you shooting for?
No surprise there regarding Fox "News" is it?
I was just kidding.. Chill
When old ladies compliment my eyes >>>>>>>>>
that's the only team above the Lakers tho
Look to Virginia. They do it right without high taxes and budget deficits.
Young children's injuries in the home result in approx 2500 deaths/yr = real value to home safety proofing
I think I just fell in love with downtown Franklin.
The 'Messages' feature on Twitter should be renamed the 'Someone-Posted-a-Nasty-Pic-of-You-Box'
YUM ,we can't wait ! Camping is always an adventure with our crew ;)
Best weekend of my life. So thankful. Can't wait to sleep on this flight.
My baby J. Cole though!
Well I had a #good day #today. Cereal Bowles
Desire, when correctly channelled is an extremely powerful and positive force.
i miss you
have a great day bro and tell P Dave hi for me and please ask him to call me when he has time.
no worries.
Travel back safe all of our AU friends! We will see you tomorrow!
Gorilla Productions going international!!!!
#FF That's huge!
Feeling a overwhelming feeling and sensation that my walk and journey has only just begun. I need to cleanse myself with a new birth.
You're welcome!! =)
A woman called war paint!!! Sounds awesome!!!!!
is so gorgeous it isn't even fair. #muchlove x
thinks he's so great at scramble with friends
thank you! :)
Happy Hump Day to all you hormy Twitfuks. Especially the virgins. Hehe.
RT : Is it my set or ate there lots of audio issues with this #oscar telecast??
how are u? :D
Follow Friday: for the "Finest" updates for Saz's State House Restaurant and Saz's Barbecue Products! www.sazs.com
Sorry to butt in, but I am coming up to Boston in July! Librarian drinks will happen!
NJICM's HOOP IT UP is Saturday! Call the HOOP IT UP Hotline: 1-800-515-0337 for tickets. Tailgate party following the game at 3 Lakes Park!
lol yea I had a wayy too long nap after school today and now regreting it :/ lol I wish I could fall asleep tho! :)
1st of all! What party? RT : Crazy amount of food left from this party
i dont wanna write my paper i wanna take up my shirt and go crazy
“: ugh, i miss my boyfriend!” No, I miss my girlfriend!
Looking over our photoshoot in Chinatown cant wait to show you guys are new pics for our EP Irie Days and Crazy Nights!!! -Chris L
Billy Crystal = not funny. Not even a little.
all I have to say is TGIF!!!
Stay strong, my second-year brother. I'm handing off the torch in about 30 seconds.
Yipe! very very very disturbing!!!Just trust yourself...By the way nice picture..Enjoy the Holiday!
great Geto Boys song! One of my Top 10
i think we goin on wednesday to the thing in oak.
No price too high!Better than food! : Holy crap, do I love me a brass band. How much to have one herald me everywhere?
Just wrote my first Wow, CouchDB is going to change the way I build things.
Was waiting for XFinity to interrupt this coin toss with a commercial, then Twitter to completely melt down.
When I was in the supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode. I asked, "Are you two an item?"
Hands down to the kitchen staff and bar staff ! Killer breakfast!
Real test of the MBP battery life on this 30 hour business trip - power cord left on desk is useless to me!
I thought I chat a lot, guess not!
Bruce Springsteen to start the Grammy's...not the Whiney tribute
Good Night and God Bless
Now we're gearing up for OSU and Kansas. Not "that" OSU the "other" OSU :)
I like the idea! One of the few real perks of a long commute, I guess.
Robert Frazier made a full court shot in practice yesterday.
best dog ever! She's just turned 1
Yep. RT : Outstanding librarians anticipate community needs. Every day.
and that V
All i want is some meat right now
#niners let's get it
hook me up with some backstage passes! I'll give a kiss from you ;)
dam it i guess when you that cute you can get away with it lol
Are you on Instagram? Follow us today - sosprint
God only TNA can fuck up Joe vs. Angle I swear
So far all I've seen in Oklahoma is a Comanche Nation Casino and a Best Western. About living up to expectations.
You and me both lol. I WANT TO FLY CHOPPERS NAO !!!
RT : Class move from #Rays organization: Electronic billboards all over town welcoming Manny & Johnny back to the AL East
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my son is my whole world <3
This is pretty nice, interesting artiscles
This dollar van driver is the dumbness thing I've seen since reality TV. UGH!!!! Now I'm late for work.
get well soon!
we puttin her under the table today lol
Game day! Woot!
P.S. My corworker was talking about your awesome drawing and I sent her the link to you Flickr post. Thanks for sharing!
Play fri night in 'The Uptown' Oakland with 'no means no' nearly sold out few tickets remain...
Thank You ( :
woo hoooo! I'm so excited! Thanks for the heads up!
Interested in sharing your Christel House story with us? We'd love to put it on our blog.
It was great to have you here! You picked a terrific time to be in Scottsdale. Have you stayed with us before?
FREE show at The Roxy in Hollywood. May 7th. We go on at 7pm!
gulp I will be waging dancemomsmiami tonight at 10 cant wait
Harriett loves her. In fact, I sang "I am Woman" in one of my earliest shows.
Thanks for the follow!
hey butler sorry to let you know but I don't think anybody gives a shit :(
Thx for the shout out support!
It's my last week working at my branch and I already know that I'm going to miss my kids and library family a lot!
positive is the only way I think I'm bout to call it a night. Keep it up. I'll get at u in a lil while
i know i was just watching tv and that came on... im still in shock a little that ppl could do that...
I ADORE blue hydrangeas - they were the central flower for my wedding (and in fact, my dress was that color too - 2nd marriage).
actually it's only one...bnfkdb4, the moderator of the board.... i wonder what his motive is???
Playoff hockey>
sorry sweety but you're not eligible! Non-winners only!
Come cheer us on Sept 5th, www.vcassociates.net is racing
For the evening crowd... today on Rundpinne my review of REMEMBER ME by Cheryl Robinson
thanks for the shout out! We're having a lot of fun working with the team.
AP Gov review on C-SPAN. Channel 14 on comcast.
A space shuttle is landing in my back yard tomorrow
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
sarah my best friend
Still trying to figure out why blocked me :/
No I didn't miss it. What I missed was your point.
A Rod is gonna light the Charge
gonna put a couple photos up in a sec before we head out to Spring Flea!
oh really you play guitar?
“: #SHOUTOUTS Have a wonderful day! #FOLLOW my 2 friends, thanks” same to you!
Thanks for having me DJ! U all are the best. Ravens!!!!
Tweetdeck, stop turning off my accounts at random so that I post to the wrong one.
Real wages. #lowerunderObama For those who still have jobs, anyway.
like this one
You is a Fad Follower if you just started wearing Vans, Polo & Chucks. And you rock these ridiculous hair cuts!
IT GOING DOWN AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS
5 pm company-wide happy hours on Fri provide great incentive to over-buy beer for hosted parties. May my boss never put the pieces together.
20 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs. Please dont let Kevin Bacon die.
That might have been a mistake, but then again it might have been a response to our new lamb burger and steak sandwich...
TRIVIA THURSDAY: This movie, out tomorrow, was shot in 28 days.
If you're gonna have someone sing twice, make it Adele, not Chris Brown and the freaking Foo Fighters lol...
I LOVE The Lonely Islands awesome song, Like a boss
Goga El Paso is doing well, we are loving it!
You would have ALOT more fans IF you replied to their tweets.PLEASE RECOGNIZE US MORE! <3
stay at 15 and grab Brockers.
Love to have some out of town visitors for No Pants on Sunday! is an established veteran of pantslessness!
I kinda want Diablo I. Kinda.
The baby on this Nashville episode of My First Place on has to be one of the cutest babies ever!
I tried calling your manager but he was busy.
Lala is going to give Carmelo some loving today lol
I keep myself busy with things to do, but every time I pause, I still think of you.
happy mothers day
Follow your 'womanly instincts'! Use your 'feminine wiles' to get the road to take you where you need to go!
I know I've always been a "broader"and "deeper" fan since around late 1991. And the screens got larger!
Because you give him more shots than somebody who has proven to be less clutch over his career than he has. Common sense.
.____. Baby whale
Just a reminder, there are NO classes on Wednesday February 22 at AlbanySalsa Dance Studio. 4 more info visit us at
would you just fucking shove paradise up your ass and die already???
It got "Tomorrow" stuck in my head.
yep, i won't give them any more clicks.
Tom Jobim Lifetime Achievement Award - FINALMENTE.
Enjoy the bold taste of McDonald's McCafé with a Free Small Premium Roast Coffee ^Eugene, PDX area only
Study: Big Corporate Donors Are Bad Investments
