Back in Waunakee for the week
follow me
4 homeruns in a major league game. Holy shit
my mind is on
As much as acting as GM of Moto is great experience/practice, I miss our real GM! I hope he feels better soon!
WE ABOUT TO MAKE A MOVIE BRO!!! SORRY FOR THE DELAY I'M A LITTLE TWITTER ILLITERATE LMAO!
H.O.T.M. Housewives of team mindless (; lmaoo
Movie isn't as uncomfortably creepy at the book! Struggled with the book-movie was good.
thanks for the follow I'm passionate about Santa Fe and Taos
Called it "ramblings and theories" and made a sticky. Yet I have more research invested that 99.9% of forum posters on tpt.
So many complex ideas get reduced on Facebook to: here's a long cliched statement you should post to your wall for this group.
Have to be up at 12:30am to stand in a line all day!! Tomorrow's going to be a long, fun day.
In 2010 495 girls were exploited every month on the streets of Atlanta - Wellspring Living, Atlanta
I think your riddle just stumped me there ..!
oh hai, i just wanted to tell you, i love you. a lot. <3 x
back in the day you could take ya kids to #LightUpNight w/out chaos...now noone is safe after 10pm
Right on it is on now
Jogging 60 minutes a day. Life is good.
Indeed. RT : reading all the upset tweets about feels like too delicious schadenfreude.
Dude, i swear! RT At Sam's club and just had to grab a hotdog... They have thee best ones
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT!!!!! You read my mind!! :P
What exactly is IRONIC about this? RT "There's a dude at the #occupyseattle protest with a mac book pro #ironic"
rejection from a friend isn't telling you to keep trying, it's telling you that you should just stop and find a new friend:/
you're an asshole! Don't be mad cuz I evolved and you look exactly the same as in 94 lol
The Avengers was fuckin aweeesommme. Thanks to another great movie night
lol.....don't get mad cuz the truth hurts, am just picking, trying a lil fun with u
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 74
you going to carlos house tomorrow for his birthday shed?
F*ck it! Im following ANYONE who Follows within the next 10 minutes. #HURRY IM CHECKING!
whats everyone up to on funday sunday?? enlighten me~
RT - New England: Doing it the 'Patriots Way' (winning zero titles) since 2005. Get over yourselves, ya bunch of entitled...
Mostly online learning allows you to access lectures day and night. You can review what you have forgotten or need it brushed up.
Tonite at with 10 girls - The Only Tuesday Night in Boston - behind the bar, top that Ha!
If wrinkles must be written upon our brow, let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should not grow old.” ? James A. Garfield
I just ate the BIGGEST bowl of cereal ever... And I do NOT regret it!
The main message of #Philippians is to "Live as citizens of the gospel of the King."
I signed up; will check it out. Happy Labor Day Weekend!
yup! Next time, I suppose.
LOL! How so?
whoops, sorry! Really didn't think the scissors scenario could be possible.
Yay beta-carotene, lutein & zeaxanthin RT best veggies for eyes are carrots, spinach, bean sprouts, endive, celery, and cucumber.
well im going to work on temple run, maybe now i can reach my goal of 2,000,000 yes barely but im working on it
UHH I should be WAKING up to HOT BREAKFAST...ITS MY DAY ha whatt???
lol Mariners EL OH EL
Bieber's really annoying about the date thing. u should call him on it, yank his pants down right there... theatre, darling.
The film is as tough as adamantium. Wolverine from the X-Men will vouch for that.
i think thats the only way i will be able to move on
I don't want a girlfriend, but I really like sandwiches.
Not only The Roses, but now The Happy Mondays & Inspiral Carpets also reforming & touring this summer? 1991 all over again.
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether Britney and Justin..no couple ever again like them! #TeamPinky #Team Stinky
Happy New Years to you Legacy. From your biggest fan, Antoine. Got your cds and love ur music. I would do anything to meet you
Hurry back to DC. We just have earthquakes, floods, hazardous heat, and really, really mean mosquitoes.
a'ight. sent to your name at your initials labs dot net.
Gratitude is the cure for guilt.
what is your preference? Whiteboard vs. Chalkboard
My motivation right now is seriously lacking
Haha ur funny. Can't believe that's my travel list last 6 months! Weird 2C it in writing like that. Signed, Bond. VanderBond.
Can we please talk about how awesome the movie Dazed and Confused is?
When you can fit your toddler in your LV bag it's time to recalibrate.
": ..... And not a single fuck was given today."
“: I find the moral outrage against a guy smoking weed absolutely hillarious” agree
I am listening to Nick Cave's Murder Ballads.
Still grindin the cash games nearly every day, thanks for asking ... Might play a few tourneys at
its okay!
Know your worth><:(
Ya see a guy with one leg, he's got a story
Gearing up for Artemisia's research study - If you are a Colorado botanic garden, zoo or other museum, did you make our list?
#birdman hasn't played a minute for Nuggets since March 25.
Did it Hurt ? . . When You Fell From The Whore Tree ? . . && Banged EveryOne On The Way Down !? <3
I have gone through every article I can find. The 115th touched a nation. It is amazing how many are affected by each unit.
I Don't This Shit Is Old Stfu
I think I love the internet too much.
hahaha that is hilarious
And the holiday weekend begins! Time to sit back and enjoy a cold one. To all of our tweeps.... be safe, responsible and have a blast!
The Mentalist with Richie 😍😄
I am always happy to connect with RVA tweeps! Thanks for the FB!
for ur kiss monday ;D
What thing? :-)
same thing with adele's boyfriend!
That one guy who you think is gay but is really a pimp?
see one of our cutie engagement pictures! featured in the 4th anniversary issue of on pg. 294!!
NOPE! Smh! Just hit traffic in Marietta RT : r u serious? Yal still havnt gotten home?
With everything i got (:
2NITE @ UB's Broadway/Dobson "The Life&Times of the Blackbelt Theatre" Tour with Copywrite and Planet Asia 21&up U don't wanna miss this one
the food itself is different from Superior. More trendy/Americanized. The owner had no experience running a restaurant. The staff
Just discovered our TV package includes the sports channel showing the Rugby World Cup in U.S. - unbelievable excitement!!!!
I love you too crazy! :* Be safe if you do anything tonight. I hope I sleep too! >_<
Ewwweee! I have not. RT : 28% of employed Americans have had an affair with their boss.
Thanks! I agree!
hey! If you dm me your email address I'll send you some info:) hope your having a great day!
He's bleeding :(
are amazing and I f*cking love you. Come be my best friend and make me die from laughter everyday, okay? ♥
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there. ~ Robert Browning
One more hour in the waiting seat!
#coworking is not a real estate play. Good luck with that
Can't wait for some JELLO and Nicki this weekend!!
same I have no life. :(
. race day! Good luck David Morgan Adam Burden & in Indy!
Having a cookie n cream shake
Wait what?!? What happened?!
thats my mama on my background!
Systematically addressing my "procrastination" list. I'm down to one task! I feel good! :)
Contrary to popular opinion, most purchasing is not based on the lowest price. Service is a key component in many buying decisions and can t
My mom drove me to the bus stop(: its to effing cold!!
that's awesome..I'm getting better..but I still freak out when they screaming
I had the exact same thought.
NASA Contractor Bids to Continue Flying Space Shuttle
're welcome here any time!
Thanks, man.
Silver Diner at BWI is *not* in Baltimore. All of BWI is not in Baltimore.
"An entire forest in the Northwest must have given its life in Xerox paper just for this one f**king trial." - Uncle Junior
how are you so funny and cute? that usually NEVER happens :) ha ha
yes! i produce and direct commercials for broadcast and the web. contact me
Nights like this make me wish I had a cat. Dog walks are no fun in the rain.
Smith: too many jury-rigged ontologies put out by riffraff. CTSA'ers need to standardize their own in their fields.
Why am I hungry??? Huh!
Nice coverage & show looks fantastic. Check it out! Sneak Peek: Cirque Du Soleil's TOTEM Headed To San Diego
Just added her as a facebook friend so I could secretly spy and make fun of her. What? It amuses me.
give shot out to my homie sike tonight! Hes gonna be in the house keepin drinks filled. So jealous
It's all that technology, all I can say it's all that technology for kiddies :D
Thanks for the follow Cesar! We are following back, Go Devils!
RT Brand your self like a product. This includes marketing, promotion and everything. People trust you then trust your products
My last night in Wisconsin for 10 days...
Dex: Y G O L O H C Y S P : Now thats what I call reverse psychology. Me: HAHAHAHA
Good luck w/your thesis!
lol for now i promise
We've landed at Farragut square, 17th and k, window opens at 1115. See you then
Guilty as charged C-SPAN's No. 1 fan -> MT The House just debated an amendment on dead polar bears in Canada.
Aww, have a great first day!
HA! That's the one! So to speak. The first time I saw that my jaw hung open and I may have cried.
A10. Burgers served hot off the grill juicy grass-fed beef with onions, cheese & pickles!
Holy cow has it been 1 month since ive used this account? Im sorry guys. I promise to be more active on here.
Crappy sports night :(
RIP Ralph MacDonald.
I must admit the Pacers are better than i thought
What was your favorite article in Issue 3??
Washington Redskins 13 Carolina Panthers 23 End Of 3rd #redskins #panthers #nfl (Via )
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
So many auction items, so little time! Only 1 hour left to peruse the silent auction tables & make your bids - don't miss out!
: Final Four tip times: Louisville-Kentucky at 5:09 CT. Kansas vs. Ohio St at 7:49 CT.
Hey #ABQ! #TGIF! What a hectic week it has been, enjoy the long President's Day weekend! Stay Safe!
At the #Pella holiday party! Really great to meet all those partners, wives, husbands, sons and daughters that help make it all possible.
Who wants to be at my mercy? 4-course dinner this Saturday for $25 at where your menu is at the "Mercy of the Chef"!
At magic time machine
RT Voted for Cameron Whitten today, your turn Portlanders.
Imma let the top down everyone I shoot thru... To give em motivation even tho they hatin
I miss Instagram...life isn't the same without my iPhone :(
3 somes every night fuck it let the dice roll.
EVERYONE, go follow ! He is cool as beans :)
Restlessness. MT : thanks for follow! Curious when profile incl "Deleted old twitter w 40000+ & restarting" Why?
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die tomorrow. James Dean
He followed me like last month and RTed mee
I can't RT your tweet (because it's protected?), but I'll resend. 88.9 is a great station. Thanks for the challenge grant.
That's cool, but I still think examples/websites/images/videos would be fun and potentially inspirational.
I leave for tour
In a shuttle going 2 #Sundance where 2 guys are having a deep conversation about the galaxy. Interesting, but so deep that im lost in space
First night of #Halloween festivities, what are you plans? We're also in need to some costume ideas!
Steeltown Entertainment Project: Connecting Pittsburgh with Hollywood since 2003.
yeah I think I saw you while I was rock climbing....your grandma was kicking your butt
McDonald's serves 1 percent of the world -- every day!
overlaps with this summer. May you two incredibly important events in my year please discuss & handle. Thank you.
Thank you, Kathy!
Whoa cab driver - don't need the attitude. If you would have gone the way I suggested, we wouldn't be sitting in mass traffic.
90% of the time
Guess what borough I am From.
Glad I'm not at SXSW this year. I can actually enjoy my birthday this time in a moderate climate under the shade of a banana tree.
Smh whatever. Going right back to sleep
Get your bitch ass in the kitchen and fix me some pie!!!! - Cartman
After three attempts to get me to numb up, the new crown cemented in. Feels incredibly smooth compared to the temp.
Establishing trust with prospects is critical to creating curiosity in my offering and getting them to admit needs, pains, and goals
Don't know what hand pies are but probably better than agreeing to make feet pies. At least you've got that bit of optimism?
I am too! The change between day 11 and 14 were miraculous!
I didn't realize things were that bad if that was the best part.
Just finished an office luncheon... maybe I can still catchup on the #weddingmarket chat!
If everyday flew by like this at work I'd be content :)
RT : Don't forget to buy your $5 ticket at the #prsms registration table. You could win a bike or GC
text me in the AM to remind me
sometimes it be twitter cause I notice I wasn't followin da one I been following but I didn stop follow some how it happend
When will Treyarch/IW update their engine? Every new game has more or less the same graphics, just a little bit updated ._.
Lord all I am is Yours💜
Have fun with Sami and Emily, Amy! Good running into you this weekend. :) Cheers.
all caught up on 'girls'. It's annoyingly really good and more annoyingly getting better. I like it!
did you have the cream cheese from Bruegger's Bagels? Theirs is definitely the hottest i've tried!
Only gripe here about Distrust That Particular Flavor is that it's not 1000 pages long. More please!
How do you make your boobs bigger??
B/W came out like 2 wks before the 3DS. That's a license to print money that they willingly passed on.
AJ Green and Patrick Peterson both got 10 or lower on their wonderlic. Both made pro bowl as rookies. Claiborne will be fine.
coming to seattle anytime soon?
i dont know what im going to do without all my senior friends :'( ..... Which is 95% of my friends lol....im gonna be a loner.
glad you'll are jammin! Kitten fed time for some more . You'll be good catch you later! :)
well I get a little tired of the whole live in the moment crap
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.
Exhausted from that midnight screening of The Avengers. So worth it though. That movie is the shit!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!! I LOVE YOUR MUSIC SO MUCH!!
Finished two face, just needs a few touch ups, then on to mr. freeze. Mr.Freeze will be painted later today in the afternoon. Goodnight.
#GIANTSCHAT Hey Lance Thanks for holding it all together all season!
Had a fantastic dinner with and Paul Ott :)
Rockets collapse fittingly ends with a...collapse.
Congrats 2 the Chargers on their BIG win! 35-7 over Denver & back 2 .500 on the season. Good Game Bolts ;)
The NBA's crazy schedule this season is definitely wearing on my enjoyment as a full season ticket holder.
Nobody is going to take you seriously if you take bathroom pictures at high schools.
How you doin' today girl?
Im not having a good morning o:
Here in Market Star Global/Allerent Consulting we offer different packages that would suit your need. If the first three packages don't...
So proud of
that song that im not supposed to listen to just came on pandora *-*
Holy crap! My house literally just shook...
I go into a yoga position and blow myself dry.
awesome, will check it out!
Dude making money drawing cats...dream Big
If everyone watching #DWTS tonight could contribute just $1, we could make a film to let 19 million abused men know they're not alone.
last second, can't go to the game saturday. Let me know if anyones looking for tickets. Appreciated
I'm a joker, I'm a smoker, I'm a midnight toker.
Where do you work?!?!? They NEVER take us to the beach :)
One Monkey don't stop no show, but 2 red monkeys would make dat show super Live!
yes it does
np -- sorry to bug you
All good! A #madmen drink.
Whoa... Beautiful, is that your home view? It does look like paradise ;)
Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Valentines Day! I hope everyone has a great day! :-)
what happened girl?
Your older by one day! That reminds me of this sophomore kid named jeremy who likes me, and Im exactly 1 year & a day older
lmao i'll give it a shot but idk, doesn't seem like my type of movie.
#myplansfortheday laying in bed an try to get rid of this miserable cold:( yucky
I got my 2nd wind
waaazzzaapp my little persian? You're the only reason I miss Rockville :)
I hope not. The whole thing is lunacy. I'd like to vote that we don't waste time doubling down on laws already on the books.
Dating me is like buying from Ikea.My directions are useless but if you're smart&patient you'll wind up with a nice cheap seat for your ass
Interesting topic, but the link doesn't work.
bee yoself honey !
Is that the sun comimg out!?
Goober baby
one week away from moving into home. Can't wait to get my business doors open!
Wearing my #19 jersey under my suit today. Welcome back Nicky!
I'm a Beast I'm a Beast I'm A BEAST Say it three times CuZ I Know its right
Home from #Chicago. Ate my way thru the entire city-Volare, Frontera Grill, Sunda, Gibsons, Masa Azul, Chicago hot dogs. Now off to the gym!
Thank you :-) have a good night (or day depending on where you live); with metta.
Is it just me or does the guy narrating the #Pandora #McDonalds commercial sound just like #AnthonyBourdain ()?
Dahling, that necklace at your vow-renewals ... POW!
haha sorry terrible attempt at humor
on Wu-Tang Clan's wiki page it states that the band is:" 1992- Forever ". Long live the kings...
Overall I'd say a pretty successful trip to
chop? Like chop suey?
Hey! Have I mentioned how awesome is lately? Very. Very awesome.
Elliot, here's one Blazer fan who knows u got star written all over u man, hang tight, wuiish you'd play more!
Rickie Fowler has played the 18th in Even par this week at DA Points in +1 and Rory McIlroy in +2.
There is no way league will suspend Doan or Smith. Doan has star card, and Smith is too important to the team (he's 99%)
Now following follow back
Makes Me so Sad , But I Gotta Leave You Alone
so this whole thing is a real posibility? I'd LOVE to see you w/ Lebron
You too!!!
If I had the pleasure to cuddle u I would die a very happy man sexy thick mami XOXO
neologisms ftw!
"It is only dirty universalisms that will help us against the powers and agents of still dirtier ones." Bruce Robbins
God willing, this is the LAST time I EVER ride this train...
Just entered the 2010's. Expect to be inundated.
Hey Phi Flyers, what year is it?
Amazing weather in Nashville tonight. Perfect.
LOL! Too funny.
yeah...just a brief shower/sprinkle...tee it up!
Scream 4 is just waaayyy gory
S/O to i appreciate the Follow fam
I wonder what life would be like if we had sounds effects for everthing we did, like cartoon
Yo Homie, got any new mixtapes? Get at me
I found a 1D poster in a mag i bought for MB , aha , ironic right ?
oh yeah! you're the coolest freaking secue out there!
This weather is fogging strange.
Nice summer weekend! In May. Portland highs Sat 84 & Sun 87.
Good question. My kindergartner knows who George Washington is! RT : do they even teach civics in high school anymore?
I wonder if the Bills released becaue I never got a reply on him signing my Sports Illustrated.
#IWishYouKnew how special you are. There always will be only one of you. Always. Enjoy every moment of your uniqueness.
Dear Maybe with that refund we get for round 2 we can get some just added show Springsteen tickets? :)
I just LOVE working on Sundays. Well at least I love my coworkers.
who ever had any doubts? Oh ye non believers!
On our way to looking forward to meeting everyone at 3pm!
justin bieber wants to be twitter friends with ellen!!!!!!!!!!
doin me haveing FUN live life
Everything you do just annoys me!! 😠
Tonight at Grassroots (20 St Marks Place) with Adam Kolker, Ugonna Okegwo and 9 to 12. No cover. Come hang!
ohh yeah ;D hahaha. & si. I have no where else to go. Are you??
was that a quadruple John Wall shot?
I'm not in the mood to get fucked up tonight, idek why. This isn't like me lol
Getting excited thinking about the possibilities for next year...
I don't really use pencils unless I'm doing my check ledger. When it comes to pen: I like Gel or liquid ink. I rarely use ballpoint
Ashworthington! Great seeing you tonight, Although I was disappointed you didn't throw yourself at my feet like last time.
Age is never a deterrent to brilliance or compassion. My teachers this week, Zig Ziglar at 83, Maggie at 8. Who are you listening to?
I thought he went with someone cos he said something about picking up his date!? No I'm still working on the fanmail. :(
Wish they would hurry up. We are starving!
easy 4 u to say
Rick Pitino in a white suit is one of the highlights of all the college basketball season, including
$305,000 smh. I dare him to say no deal!!!
Governor Walker held press conference at Tommy G Thompson Youth Center today. Well done.
“: What the hell does the "z" mean in "LOLZ"? "Laugh Out Loud.. Zebras"?”
they are...but the Portland Timbers are sponsored by Coca-Cola
like your marrying Karen but fucking ivy oh ok now I get it! I used to love him he was my favorite lil Indian
think I'm a hit the wait room up today .... Get back in shape
I wish we could wear shorts at my job
he is washed up. He is a thing of the past. His prime was in 08.
S&P just downgraded France's A rating. Time to plan my Paris trip!
smfh ! !lmaooo u might b right. last time i porbably did see u was at school, and whenn did u leave op? ahha 09?! lmao
yep yep..i'm getting drruuuunnnnk. U down?!
Congrats Johnny! RT : Last night, out of the blue, I found out I got a top 5 song on Billboard! I can't believe it!
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading
did ur daughter enjoy her prom ?
what can i do?
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
I check into a lot of locations..
I wonder how is doing ;)
Hey it's BK, wanna pick a Triumph song to kickstart Bumper 2 Bumper? PLZ keep in mind we used BL Light Show yesterday. Happy Siestafest Eve
RT : shoutout to anybody w/ ambition ..the grind is beautiful ...appreciate the downs as much as the ups
I should be at Keeneland. Dang it.
way to rock it and be a real man!
I used to love rollercoasters
RT : "Don't let your yesterdays, become your today." Leahdeleah
I'm going to sleep now. Night.
I need to feel butterflies everyday: that strange sense of accomplishment, confidence, excitement. That would be some goal
The Bucks down by 12 to the lowly Wizards w 7 min to go. They lose this it's pretty much the dagger in their playoff hopes.
across 110th street
"You shoot like Ray Charles" -Dano haha
TONIGHT!!!! Green Iguana Anderson Latin Night!!!! come see myself & Mandii dance the night away :)
Thanks for dining with us! Love seeing folks check in! How was your pizza?
#nflredzone = Greatest. Channel. Ever.
Is that a bad version of The Black Keys' "Lonely Boy" in a Home Depot ad? Or just a really bad ripoff??
Even though my boyfriend drives me crazy. At the end of day, I love him to death ❤ . I can't imagine my life without him
marshaya just went to sleep...
Morning! Life's good here. Ran a half marathon on Sun. and now getting back to my writing. How have you been?
and Shawn Wayans had me LMAO ! Thanks for the laughs!!
Ah, Myron Lowery. I lived in Memphis for only 18 months, but I'll never forget the fist bump. Hilariously ridiculous.
Watching a lil stand up comedy. I love laughing at the end of the day before bed.
4 mile run today - nice 2 b back running/training!
tomorrow evening till Thursday morning
I was nervous!
Hell naw! Cocaine is for white people , with tiny little noses , I'm black , my nose is like a turbo on my face, I'll be fucked up for life
(which aren't mine, I think you know) and a couple of fish. (: and then this new lynx.
Happy First Day of Spring ♫Time for spring cleaning & upgrading.Prefinished Ipe 3/4x3 would be a great choice.
I will take good care of you
First word of The Anthology of Creepy Words according to us : "Goodies"
Don't forget to watch Monster Man on Syfy tonight!!!!
Yes. Midway businesses were trying to change that by rebranding the area "North Bay"
Alumni, students, recent graduates, lend us your Twitter time. Sports biz at #sbchat w/ and friends. Tonight, 9:30 pm ET.
Thank you, that so sweet <3 And I'm glad. You deserve a good day too!
Remember, never use household cleaners to clean your pool or spa. Desert Pool Cleaning only uses the best chemicals to service your pool!
Partial Insomniac. Nice Person. Sometimes Brooding.... Partially inspired. Nice Idea. Sometimes Boring - John Cusack
America, the land of the constitutional scholar.
Wow just hit my 1,000 tweet! I'm so fucking excited! Like this is a huge fucking deal for some reason!
They're coming on.
Yes INDEED!!! ready when you are :)
Shout put to all the nurses out there! Happy nurses appreciation week!
Versailles, KY is known as "The Horse Capital of the World"...at least until Margaret finishes her project in our back yard.
If anybody can overcome the devastation of a Tsunami, it's probably the country where the word originates from. Pull through Japan!!!!!!!!!!
I shouldn't say the entire cast of SNL. I have love for talent. You know who you are. I guess I'm flattered.
dude don't have your digits talk to the man he is here with me
Got a show Friday December 16th at Tropy's Bar and Grill with Deserts of Mars, doors @ 8!
Let's just Drink to get Drunk and tell Eachother Everything; For a Drunken Mind, Speaks a Sober heart
That should read, Shouldn't that be Kris Hump For Free?
YUM! Would love to try it if you find it! RT I have got to get my friend's recipe for baked kale with garlic.
have u ever seen me read a book? Am I a character in said book? Lol jk. I will read it
Hahaaaa he was pissed off that! RT : " who" lol “ he was on ten”
I love it
are you going to repeat the workouts, or try something different?
Screaming, cheering, honking and sirens. Ha.
Thanks for the #ff love!
You were born to be real, not to be perfect. You are here to be you, not to be someone else.
replicants will start a war with Iran because that's what republicans do.
More Rain, means more mosquitoes. Having a problem with bugs? I think I finally have the answer...
I'm sorry, I don't speak Starbucks.
#RickPerry is so scarry he make Mitt Romney look good
Just jamming to my iPod waiting for 7pm to come around:o)
listen up, its a banger when i drop bars... an im shinin off the top like cop cars
not excited to drive to indy tomorrow with the first snow fall!
Tim rowdy head butted Blake...LOL
Now following you too!
Thanks Tracey - You do the same.
#ABDC can't wait to see !!!
I've determined that my life is funny if I stand back a little and take in everything I've done so far.
well then just add me as a contact and after we are done on facetime u can delete my contact from his ipod
What's #Griffey Jr. think of #Tiger? WWW.ussportspages.com
In 48 hours my girls will have no more homework until fall. I think I'm more excited than they are.
andrea.... haha. who else?!
still not sure if I like the #newtwitter....it's going to take some time. anyone really love it?
you sleep?
almost home #FACT hello #650 ah puppy how are you?
While recording the Jazz Lab band concert a man approached me and said, "Why you don't look like Mark Streder at all. [pause] Thank god."
Thought I had my AD... NOT!
What are some good websites to use for planning out a trip (best rates for flights, hotels, etc.)? Thanks in advance.
Dude 's ad for #SecretsDontMakeFriends is everywhere! I see it on so many sites! :D
In the lab once again and just starting. It's gonna be a long night.
SO excited to see Steel Pulse at Belly Up tonight! Who else is going?
If it makes you happy I'll just keep my eyes open and pretend I care about what you have to say.
Today's focus (for me) is on connecting. What is your favorite way to connect to others professionally? Over lunch? Large/Small Networking …
Thanks I will! She's 16 is that ok?
I would have been one mad bitch
RT : You gotta love standing in the AT&T building and not getting any data signal.
Wiz Khalifa-Work Hard Play Hard
!!!!! RT : I'm pumped af for this ass whoopin OKC about to put on the Lakers 😝
Lunch @ pho thaison definitely suggest others to try this place out
4. Invite someone to go for a walk with you. If might just change your life.
Happy #EarthDay! Do something good for yourself and the Earth today :)
Stop losing count before one!!!
iTunes is on some bullshit right now 😡
I swear I just saw a man walking a small bear on a leash in Poulsbo....
It feels good to be back on I-10 after the unplanned detour through Hattiesburg.
Im SOO Sorry I Messed Up Your Cup Mildred!): Please Forgive Me(:
If you love Heartbeats by The Frail request it for Soundcheck tonight on LIVE 105! text: 36105
FBR Raises $550 Million for New Mortgage Insurer - Bloomberg
IE, you are one major pain in the ass to code for.
: Yep I sure do
must be! Ur tweeting for the first time since the parting of the Red Sea!
goodnight. i need my rest since I have dance ALL day tomorrow. hooray.
Lunchtime=machine head and treadmill.
Tomorrow morning we are offering a FREE Outdoor Workout! Please join us at the corner of Russell Ave & South Shore Drive in Bay View from...
Altho the Juvenile Detention School is now a Doller Tree
15 minutes till I am getting dinner and my nails done with !
All my moves are calculated,if don't show love it's very much so intentional
Thanks for your tweet about Scrubly Luis! We appreciate your support!
stoked to be back in the land of potable water.
What Are You Thinking About?
Hey, let's play a game...tell us some good lyrics to use if we made up a LevelUp rap!
iPad2 fans, we'll be posting pics on our FB page showing how well Padlette, iPad2 and its Smart Case get along together. Stay tuned.
It's finally over. Let each day from here on out be better than the last. God give me strength to never go back.
Then they're probably bots or people who act like bots, no? :)
I love DC!
R.Thomas on the way to the stu!!! #FatTweet ha gotta go runnin tomorrow!!!
Anything can happen in 2 games but Caps organization should think long and hard about trading Ovechkin..see what kind of ransom they can get
Imma #WALIEN and I'll always be for c:
I think they could have drafted you at 23 and he would have loved it.
Knicks just delaying the inevitable.
Lakers do not look ready to play so far
WHEN WILL YOU FOLLOW WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?
u really messed yo ankle up nef
Woo Friday finally . Ima kick it wit my niggas
What a week - Earthquake then a hurricane. By God's grace, we're safe and doing well...and we have electricity. Thanks for the prayers.
you are just a scared little girl. you'll never marry Stiles. i know that for sure. He'll die and you'll be alone.
ugh , fuck Walmart and their low prices...
• It bothers me that ANYONE was born in 1992. That was like, RECENTLY.
You've got this!
Please file that last tweet under "stupid shit my Mayor says from time to time (meaning, hourly)".
Looking forward to a likely Spurs-Thunder Western Conference Final. Both have "Big 3s" and chemistry for days.
Breaking News - Facebook prices initial public offering at $38 per share, stands to reap $18.4 billion - AP
worst posession of the year. Classic bo. Brilliant right up to the moment when its time to step into the elite...
Dame Judi Dench was in his trailer while he was naked, and she called it a "monster", lol!
Daddy's graduation today! How cute:)
"You must safeguard your soul, you can never sell, never surrender or let them steal your soul." Exceellent point from !
Happy Valentine's Day, Celebrate Responsibly ;-)
I hope so
"Daddy, I love you, don't run into any cars or trees." --my 4 yr old niece to my brother as he walked out the door this morning. Funny kid!
i still like it tho
"what did he say about me?" "dont worry about it he was high" "why do you say that?" "because he thought you were attractive"
RT '' Your focasing on movies right now? Lol'' So true! I'm def addicited to movies & I started shooting a new one recently (:
Psyched for the "How to Win Friends and Influence People in the Digital Age" workshop this afternoon! Carnegie's principles still apply.
Systems Admin contract to hire for growing Madison company. $500 referral bonus avail!
Get it Meryl!
My jobs plan won't cost the taxpayers a dime. 1000's of vacant homes across America equal jobs, lots of them, unemployment cut 50%???
yay you're tweeting again! Now get a freakin pic Joel!
I should, shouldn't I?
Just got evicted from my cubicle without a 5 day notice, too lifted to care. All I need is a computer and my work.
Me and The Terrortubbies took over Seattle and ruled the Summer. Now time for the Tubbies to hit the books... DADDY LOVES and MISSES YOU!!
Well, she DID actually get engaged :o !
Horrible way to end the Half
Great experience ! Officially have my wedding shoes :)
1. I don't understand why any1's surprised that a self-absorbed white chick in her 20s imagines a whites-only NY. Her world +
lmao me too
Please do!
Dominated my information systems and argumentation exams!
Nice guys finish last.
Omg these cramps 😖👎
i love my job....if only it paid more
Learn from your mistakes. Employers should examine why accidents occur and try to find ways to keep them from happening in the future.
Great idea! I'll have a "Coming Soon" board in the library this year.
Are either of you entertaining the possibility of it being a step towards putting him back in the 'pen?
Thanks for the shout out !
I didn't see that. I'm new to The Onion. Were you offended?
Spring cleaning tip: If you buy something that's just taking up space, donate it to a food bank, church, or homeless shelter.
So much for that Niners defense.
I'm pretty sure I can afford more than taco bell lol
Your love, your love
Hello, hope you're doing well. Will there be a Twitter song to go with the FB song?
shall I suggest our favorite place???
been waiting for the "new #iPad" for about 4 months - will be my first iPad - sounds like it will be worth waiting for the new version.
It's way more noisy than I'll Sleep When You're Dead. That still had a hip hop bounce to it. Full Retard is the only thing close.
Everyone deserves a second chance. Wait not really?.
You are so talented little lady :) Keep'em coming!!
Can't wait to watch NY1 in the morning and learn why there's a search chopper hovering 100ft above my building and Impalas circling my block
so good
#ihatejordans because they take up all my space in my closet 😂😂😂😂😂
Will, We create custom twitter backgrounds for many Pro Athletes. Would love to do 1 for you free. Follow & DM if U R interested
Just voted at Alecia Ashman Library on Far West Side. With 4 min to go I was voter 1037 out of 2045.
I'm a fan of doodling!
Criticism is something we can avoid easily by saying nothing, doing nothing, & being nothing. -Aristotle
If I could buy the moon, I'd hollow it out, fill it with chocolate and create the world's largest Lindor Truffle for everyone to share.
it is kind of your fault..... :P
Aww Thank you. No matter how hard I try-I just can't get into music, tv , or movies. Perhaps it is over-stimulating?
The way I wanted chicken wings and I got them thanks to him . 💛
ohh.. im not a directioner so i wouldnt know what to call them
went to sleep right after man Lol
I Wonder Who Discovered Farting...
they were On it today...
Yes, I am interested, let me check with our ED.
Happy new year
Well if you ever need to stop off for a midway beer, the door is always open
Its not our differences that divide us It is our inability to recognize accept and celebrate those differences One god, One Aim, One Destiny
At Kristy and Marcos ceremony 
Thank you! RT "I Surrender" is beautiful! I lost myself in it.
Check out the big brain on Brett! You're a smart motherfucker. That's right. The metric system. What's in this?
I'm tired of trying to make people happy and giving them advice... I really dont need to hear your drama..
lol ok ill turn around
created a kids'exercise device connecting their bikes to the TV via a radio freq signal. Video on our website
hey can u book mee?
you know me too
Be sure and "LIKE" this page, and look for us when we return to rock the brand new stage on Dec 16!
Ahh,Only 4 more years until College.
sir you murdered my phone. I need a new one!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: I knew it was a matter of time till they ended up on the naughty list
By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean.
Covered the consulting spectrum this week. Extremely talented agency owners and extremely talented graduating students.
7 is not a color! Fun times
"Sea horse radish. The gnarliest stuff in the ocean"
Thank you and for hosting the Digital #Marketing SIG this morning!
ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED! Congrats!
It's , I love my little cousin :-) ohh and follow me.
What did Miss. Lawrence think about that? RT : Using the "f" word is never acceptable......period!
If it's pie and cake I'm going to start freaking out.
Happy colors and great prices! Thanks for following!
Gotta say, throwing hay in 90+ heat really built some character in my younger life. Farm kids are raised to work, it's not a bad thing.
sure does
woah, check out the big brain on chad.
Today is bitter-sweet. I'm going back home in beautiful Florida, but I'm leaving my Mom today. :'(
Niggas be like Kenny...what u doin??? My reply always will be, "Tryna get a million by tomorrow" if dat a hustler then what am I???
I'm not cocky, I'm convinced & it don't take a whole team of people to know that either...yall bitches just madd cow...sit down & shut up
boutta get ready for MGT Class...
LOVED the Killers cover tonight on by #TeamCeeLo & #TeamAdam. Still don't know who my fave is but they were all great!
2Chains is hot right now
Watching things crumble away slowly... It's hard to hold on to all the pieces....
WordPress 101 is at 11am - I'll see you then! Be sure to introduce yourself!
....she dirty work....displaying herself as clean...she dont know I smell it though..
After much confusion on what to eat for SB...I AM GOING TO POPEYES! NO style!
Great to see giving some props to our military at the #Pistons home opener. Now let's get that W
I'll trade Jack Jones for T Sizzle anyday. I'm unimpressed. What's Jack Jobes ever done??? Our returner is an all-pro.
'Bachar Yerian' & 'Miss South Pacific: Beauty and the Sea' show at 11AM at #RedJacksSaloon!
omg yes heres another one I love!
Coach Mark Turgeon was a good four feet onto the floor by the coach box to chastise some lackadaisical defending by his squad. Good fire.
nice. I just finished b-law and starting marketing management in 2 weeks. Good luck! Lot of dry reading
Thanks a bunch!!!!
Me neither! It's weird. But oh well! Sleep is for the weak! :D
miss your face :)
Hell of a knockout
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. Thomas Edison
Oh james....RT : That awkward moment when you can't do a swimming practice with the team..
do a book signing in Chicago!
First panel of the day: API content sharing. We'll see if this tweet squeaks through between Fail Whales.
"A handful of soldiers is always better than a mouthful of arguments." ~ Georg Lichtenberg #LNYHBT #teaparty Especially American soldiers!
For an obvious baller like you, $550 shouldn't be difficult to come up off of. It sure as fuck wasn't for me.
So what are your plans for the weekend? Is getting some Island Frydays included?
What happened to turntable.fm? Oh yeah, the attention span of the internet
#wordoftheday Some people say what I am doing Sunday morning is fatuous, but I will run the Marathon in spite of them. - Thanks Tracey!
How can you not be romantic about baseball. ⚾❤
Just picked up the book Breaking the Habit of Being Yourself by at
Jenn bought it off ebay. It's in her purse.
true. But the cost of living is kind...
Sorry, I should put it into better context. I was going through quickly until I saw the Proxy section. Then you had me captured.
do you hear something lmao
because I do haha kidding :D
C. Sounds like a Woodberry Kitchen kind of night. Feel better :-/
Colby stop tweeting that to my virgin twitter ears. Lol
#FF & Revel’s doin’ it right #itsTimeForYouToRealize DJ Michael gets your weekend off to a great start!
Missing our chats How goes it?
#yatesyateslauyates get your priorities straight
Who said it was allowed to get cold again..Heck everyday I never know what to put on..it's bonkers!!!
= ) its been forever since I've seen you too!
Yo I have a FREE south stand ticket. Will be at LSP by 615 with it. How bout a RT?
that's probably for the best.
Here's To Everyone Who Have Major Trust Issues , This Ones For You .
Thanks for the article man, I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that!
Jane Wellman of the National Association of System Heads is up now
Sonofabitch. Beastie Boys were on my list of bands to see before I die. Such a bummer. RIP MCA. Blasting "No Sleep" in the studio.
RT For SO MANY things should get 3 [turds], but "pinch" only 1 for his 'mountain out of a molehill' BS 2day.
/ Welcome old VU Exec. Council buddy from 1981.
tweets about it
Our Support our Troops campaign to reunite soldiers with their birth families was a wonderful success! We are proud to be of service to them
Opinions sought-- Halo: ODST. Worth a used buy? Need something to tide me over till Halo 4.
I love my Spanish class
They want 15 minutes of fame even all their gonna get are vicious replies from awesome fans who love their band <3
the trouble with trouble is it started out as fun .
Left with 97% now at 35%
yes! Here for the biennale and Gallery weekend!
Meeting later today with #BillyHos Bar & Grill to talk about their #SMM. We love our job!
yes!!!! Studying right now lol
#BTTR we're here! NE 127 st and US1 (5:30-10pm) Come sling some sammies with us! So excited to be here!
tell me about it. Finally seeing mine after 3months for two days then he leaves foe five months.
It's ok just started watching it with me before
Chaperoning a school field trip to the library. I don't fit on a school bus so well anymore.
Im gonna die at school today
We know how to put it down fa sho
Happy B-Day What to get the man who has everything???
nothing like a beautiful sunshiny day<3
Love the new Evanescence album! Will be posting a review soon!
Who do you guys think should be named Playmate of the Year 2012? Could make winning the Ultimate Playboy Giveaway pretty interesting, right?
And? It's okay. lol I didn't make this batch, because your BF won't come over. But it's still Houp-n-Day. lol
guy... i could of fixed everything up but no i had to go and dig a grave 10 ft under
which city are you in today?
Unless shes cinderella she'll probably leave you for some other fella cheat on ya and never tell ya
it kept popping up I was like noo! Grr . Lol (:
Margaritas are Irish today too--just like the rest of us!
RT : #HealthTip Massaging your feet with oil (especially during the cold season) is the best way to relieve stress throughout...
Erudition - dust shaken out of a book into an empty skull. Ambrose Bierce
There is nothing to do here... Going home now
HEY! The Beastie Boys are too young to be inducted in any damn Hall of Fame. And I hope the Twitter rumors of MCA's death are just rumors.
I am... I asked him to be the 400th person he followed but he ignored me:(
Why must it bug me so freaking much it's just so weird
how did the interview go?clint
CGI is to film what film was to books...
- check out www.elephilms.com and vimeo.com/elephilms
Yeah. Literally. I'm an eco-terrorist in that way. I buy picks all the time.
just my second baseball practice today..... AKA the greatest sport ever!!!!!!
Beautiful morning in NYC. Off to Dance class Drama Book Shop. Central Park. Just me, myself, and I.
* When I Tell You To Follow Me Back. . . . #BiTCH'FOLLOW'BACK!
Transformers tonight. Fucking pumped.
Sectional Champion, New School Record, State Qualifier, #RoadToState Check #OneMoreWeekOfTraining Check #GoingHAM Check
Amazing & wonderful responses from our audience! Thank you for your support & love. So glad you can join us in the excitement that is ALICE!
I'm about to see #alvinailey at the auditorium theatre :-)
Thanks for the RT!
Meeting Allen Hopper tonight at The Actor's Company!
"Effect change outside of government" sounds like something someone says when they go into community organizing, btw.
Monthly would mean grant funded or corporate sponsor. Do-able but takes quite an effort. But I'm not scared. :)
no sorry
hope all is well.
Telling people that you're such a bitch just makes me want to say yes you are instead of tell you how nice you are.
Also, I'm thrilled to be able to sleep in for a few days after tomorrow. I'm exhausted.
shout out to all KIDNEYSTONE PPL What Doesn't Kill You STRONGER! & you ppl make the rocket world go round LIFE IS A BLESSING NEVER GIVE UP!
i want to make garlic fried rice today. i will make garlic fried rice today.
When my boyfriend doesn't text back when I need him too <<
always a pleasure. See you soon
Teacher: Do you have any questions? Student: What would you do for a Kondike bar?
my penis is 59 years old.
Keepin it real in #Cleveland #bonethugs all the way to the west side
idk i found it on face book
Bumpin Ready or Not by w/windows rolled down & getting the most ridiculous looks at red lights has got to be the best.
Hoping my fiance and her team win the Daytime Emmy for her brilliant work as Co-Executive Producer of "How Do I Look"...here we go!!! Seco…
Finally got my presentation proposal, which will be co-presented with a friend/faculty, submitted for EDUCAUSE 2012 Annual Conference
I would. If you do not have eye contact in #sales, you do not win! It really is everything!
haha well she pushed me!!!
I feel like you don't want me anymore . 💔
Saving the world one clever tweet at a time, am I right?
What the HELL would we be recruiting for? Omg.
If U know U R the Epitome of FUNKK, can give the Prescription to being elegant, sexy, soulful, and a stunna'...follow back Dr. FUNKKNU
Are you talking about the link to our facebook page?
why does elf take so long to ship?! :(
What's wrong?
thanks! just trying to get the word out. =)
It be like that ": Getting high just to balance out the lows"
Im following back every person who follows this account :)
Looking forward to attending my 7th #IDBmtg in Uruguay on Friday with , and
Best idea. I'm gonna be Odermatt's new Mommy.
I might just do the same
you too Becky! Doggie playdate soon!
I bet I would get hella love if I lived elsewhere. Chicago is full of haters! Niggas & Bitches r 1 in the same
RT : Mention 'Tax Break' to your server to receive 17% off! Take advantage! It's just for today!
Man Eric Hutchison is getting down
Thanks for the retweet! God bless.
Just tapped Lost Coast IDICA IPA.
"I like when my bitches dont wear no clothes "
I just got this magazine with the cutest pics of Selena, Demi, and Ariana!(:
To some lawyers, all facts are created equal.
If yo cat fish got bones in it I'm not eatin it
just confirmed 3 more Seattle-ites coming with to the June 10th show at the Showbox in Seattle!
Having a great time at the KISS cookoff. About to perform...get over to the Roundup tent!
Come out & Enjoy!!
Congrats man. America always gets it right when they save you. Thanks for keeping it real.
Phone is ringing off the hook....
Anyone notice how sad the stock market is acting. Hope your short selling lines are out. The Cloud of misdirection
Surfers and people on the boardwalk at Long Bech just when waves go up and dawn sets in.
liked your article "DISHed Out"!
WHY YOU NOT ANSWERING MY TXT OR CALL
Successfully reinstalled old OS. Just reverted to a Timemachine backup. Thanks for your help.
#ShoutOutToo she PRETTY :) everyone needs to follow her.
thanks buddy! It was a lot of fun.
~ I will be in Deland (my home town) from April 14 thru April 24th. I will also be at BCU Int Track Meet.
GIRD YOUR LOINS, FOLKS. RT HEATH BELL WARMING UP
What's up
I want you so bad. Thinking for too long about it, gives me nausea
Ha! Thanks and for the RT! Together, we can put a stop this two-space, crazy world!
A belated (but no less thankful) thank you for the #FF!
cocky much ?
I'm embarrassed by the way the Rockets have played in their last 7 gms. They don't resemble a playoff team at all.
ya I know no reason too
Hahaha Then When your causin went to pick us up haha
Hell of a crowd on hand for this series opener with the Rockies at
Man, 2nd period on a-days is the most annoying part of the day
check out my good friend
RT ": I SALUTE YOU 1OO BABY BOI! SATURDAY...WE N THERE!"/ oh yeah cant wait and I salute yo movement too
We need a vaca! #Cabo anyone?
Stopped in Lil 5 to try and find a shirt for the show tomorrow... Any suggestions?
Is so ready for
Follow me please baby! You're my life, 143 so much! Never change, you're voice is amazing! I'm your angel :3 kisses! bye *-*
you can do better than *this*, bro.
That just ruined my night. Thanks for that
when ya coming back
I just heard a NIGGA say he fucked up because of slavery.... fool you 20 years old. I can see if you said racism
U like Matusz using BA's glove? Guess they became friends when Matusz forgot how to pitch
It's like #ZigZiglar says - "Are you a wandering generality or a meaningful specific?"
It's all about the peanut says Katya Anderson
On that high life aka that fly life
I must be out of the loop on this FXLeauge 'stuff'.
sun's coming up! it's so nice - I feel like a orange, banana, berries, ginger mix of
# InterviewQuestion Why would you be good for this job? #Jobs Show excitement and why your skills match up!
$3 tap beers all night tonight with Juice and Laura!! Don't forget about our 80s New Years Eve party! 80s music videos and movie clips on...
retweet that ass boom
You coming to my gathering Saturday at 12
Just watched a woman fake-vomit into the back of another woman's shirt
Listen , if you think that cranberry incident came between and me, you don't really know either of us. Who made the gravy?
. We had a blast at #HSC2012 and would love to get involved with idea! Do you have any events coming up?
Totally! I understand an artists choice to photoshop at their choice, or the person getting photographed. This isn't about that tho
they're cool as shit.
": Should ALL coaches have background checks?" Yes. And also CPR training and concussion education.
Dilated pupils 4 eye exam = knowing what it feels like 2 "meet the sun." ouch!
damn phone was trippin but ive been around workn were u been stranger
I'm glad you have fun man! Def come say what's up tomorrow
Yo cat, I think you're awesome and cuddly and everything, but laying on my laptop keyboard while I'm trying to work simply will not do.
#Vince Young currently has bigger numbers than #Peyton Manning in 2010. Just sayin
When might you do something with us Baylor grads in DC?
No, it's that I'm always early and the rest of the world is late. :-)
We lost a follower. We can assume, then, that a follower has died. RIP, follower. We'll always follow you. :,)
They should boo. That probably reminded fans of the Falcons game a few years back where they booed like crazy. Well deserved.
The 2012 Rickshaw season is sure to be an exciting one! Some big plans ahead!
Salem used to have one at Market and I-5 back in the 90s
In your guys' opinion, what's the best company to use for self-hosting a site?So many to choose from and very little personal knowledge..
Jennaral Travel: God
Sir, could I please have my left eyeball back? Oh, it's probably skewered on the end of the umbrella with which you POKED ME IN THE EYE.
Collins' UV curable ink technical data sheets are in the works!
Check my tweets from lasts week...I posted a pic of the boots! Miss you too...have you booked your flights yet? ;)
Happens to the best of us :) Thanks for the retweet.
The question is generally directed towards the usual customers with amnesia haha
omg that's cool!!! Were almost soulmates lol
she is real:) haha
Why hello, Motion City Soundtrack.
"The heart of religion lies in its personal pronouns." - Martin Luther (1483 - 1546)
are u obxing
gonna try out for a movie peeps!!! yeah man yeah!!!
when you go wedding dress shopping go to posie patch bridal Superstore and request melanie. It was the best experience I had!!!
exactly! And i unfortunately joined it today. Changing my radio alarm tomorrow
Yep, that's a mummified bull, preserved between 300 BC - AD 400 in nine layers of wrappings.
Don't say I love you, don't call me friend unless youd selflessly trade ur laughter for my tears & ur health for my pain.
it's just like cold case files, it's just like cold case files!
I love your accent and your laugh. U and Liam, Harry, Zayn, and Louis are Perfect as a group... Pls follow me..... <3
Yo, be careful driving back all tired!! Your pic is adorable btw it's up on the site and Chris'!!!
Sounds nice! I've never been myself, but it sounds beautiful. Thanks!
That was a total butcher of the National Anthem...
WE need good people like #ElizabethWarren to make our LAWS Help her make it. #VOTE for her and
Oh, it was more of a sad oversight at a moment of transition -- no great story, but it did set me on the "Graceful Degradation" path.
RT : RT : Pretty cool thing by the Mets. So far, each batter has walked out to a Beastie Boys song.
Anyone want to help me trend something for Ariana?
Thx, & gave your art some airtime! RT : Great job on the presentation today! You guys killed it! /cc
Hi Steve -- it went fabulously: the tech was great (and early, even!) -- he replaced the box and all is well. Thanks again!!
they had SO much time and neither was destitute. No reason for lots of issues they CONTINUE to have. They "merged" awhile ago.
You are my most favorite illusionist ever so I wish you the best. Happy New Year. P.S. I love your show.
I just finished a 1.28 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Also, I don't understand paying hundreds of dollars for a test prep class and then not coming.
Thanks to everyone that rolled out to see and I off! ...
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 40
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water. (I raise my glass to this one).
#WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin i cant describe how proud of i am i will never stop supporting him no matter what:)
hell yeah dude I couldn't take those damn bugs and I was always hula hoopin lol
My middle finger salutes you
if I do it during the week it has to be early. If I do it on the weekend it doesn't matter what time.
There's nothing gayer than a guy posting a shirtless picture on Facebook.
Keeping it classy!!! It gets you free stuff!
Can someone send me a picture of the night? Go to bed 10p-11p it's light out and up at 6-7a light out.
follow back
Hey, - why can't my login email ever be found? Why do I have to constantly reset my password just to login???
Thanks to everyone who sent texts in for the video contest! We will have plenty more chances for you to get some #free #soap!
Watching drink a beer right now is killing me a little bit
lmao worst place to trap haha ;]
needs a money miracle!!!!
nickname for shaq,THE BIG CHILL,and the movie was ka-zam,not shazam
- thinking about starting to blog again...
Someone just walked into this bar wearing pajamas. I have now seen it all.
Netherlands listed by the UNODC as a top destination for victims of human trafficking.....This is so disturbing via
After termoil and issues... I am finally ready for ASL 201!! Cannot wait!!!!!! :-D :-D
I think the neighbor is on Twitter (or their dog) because 2 secs after my last tweet - barking stopped
I'm on my way! 12 pack? Did you forget who you're "married" to? That'll last us the ride home hahahaha!
RT Rihanna = Red hair. Nicki Minaj = Pink hair. Lady Gaga = Yellow hair. Katy Perry = Blue hair. ...The Power Rangers are ...
I KNOW(: but thats okay because awkward people rule the world just wait ill be president
Want to find out who's going where tomorrow at the #NFLDraft check out they are legit!
FedEx, night shifts. Been here since 7, just got out..
So much excitement about #SOPA, if only there were this much excitement about fighting poverty or other global problems.
The past two weeks have been great. I accomplished a lot and on April 2nd, my career starts. Feeling great.
hey man thanks! You should check out our YouTube. \m/
Whole Foods Market is turning two at the Maui Mall! Join us on February 24-26 for special entertainment, giveaways, and birthday cake, too!
wow! this is good stuff! Thanks for sharing!
Kevin Durant breaks Twitter (and the Mavs)!
RT #iheartvodka Did someone say vodka!? "I put that shit in everything."
o Manly Man Dan here. Look out for Dan the Man...can't handle a salad. Also, unrelated, I want bacon.
Only 19 yrs old Wow!
I can link you to it if you want
You can now book a table at Sustenio right on their Facebook page! Go to "Book a Table Online."
I Love You
That tricorn hat, colonial uniform, and musket don't quite fit Senator Hatch, but I must say the powdered wig looks great!
Hey Danny St.Johns is the play I know those kids playing tonight their gonna show up -8 is better then NFL tonight
#Aztecs Basketball Banquet Date has *CHANGED* to Wed, April 6. Double Tree in Mission Valley. Call 619.594.6444 to sign up (Hurry).
Well said! Promises are made to be broken :) Who doesn't breaks them? Life is all about finding certainties among uncertainties!
thanks for the RT you're totally helping put #chicagokent on ALL maps!
Blah blah blah blah.. blah blah.. blah blah blah blah...
RT This week in
The website is back up and running! phew..
I'ma do you with the lights on cuz yo face so pretty
I think "not ONLY about Romney" might be more honest... and accurate.
i will on saturday lol
officially back. We can meet in person for tixs with cash or I accept paypaly & I can email link to print them out. Just let me know
"One forgets words as one forgets names. One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die." -Evelyn Waugh
the chili packet? That's worth socking away for future use. Thanks for that tip.
Who wants the over on #metsanity lasting longer than #linsanity?
congrats love
Spartans of Michigan State!
When or Dubie make it to the NBA I'll marry either one so I can be on Basketball Wives!
As long as we can get away with murder let's all go on a killing spree. #caseyanthony would be my first.
Only Followed U Cause I Saw U Ina RT. Follow Me For The Real Swag
at the spital
finally at home :)
in case you didn't know this already, I LOVE MY CHUBBY ARMS! Just sayin'!
i want a porkchop!
Rick Perry "retired" so he can collect a state pension while still governor. So, maybe he's not so stupid, just greedy, cheap, and a cheat.
#RT If is your pride ♥
Big brothers-they are there to sit on u. Care for u but don't. And sit on you more. But most importantly love you then sit on you again...
Love is absolutely vital for a human life. For love alone can awaken what is divine within you. ~ John O'Donohue/RT
Being tan=GREAT. Tanning while having a small cold, thus turning the cold into a raging fever where I can hardly stand?=Not great.
spaghetti + meatballs or meat sauce. discuss.
motorcycles!!! <3 going for a ride.
lmao I know that, but that emoji meant I hold my head high. lol
Im picking the packers tonight 34-13
I was an extra in "Game Change" and just attended the D.C showing of the HBO film. Can I be seen? Yes, for a half second.
Last Messiah of 2011 for me today. Looking forward to singing in Cincy's Music Hall with great colleagues + orchestra! Happy holidays!
Even today there are material remains from secret missions in the desert. Anyone want to go on a road trip?
Happy Black Friday! May you be safe and polite today to all you meet, and may you choose wisely while spending.
Meet and talked one on one with Kevin Martin- FCC Chairman.... he said as far as he know the tranfer on digital will remain the same.
If only u would notice me... oh well i love you anyways!(:
No, we don't have a scanner. We barely have functioning computers.
an tell them don't look bacc...
Sometimes your knight in shining armour is just an idiot wrapped in tin foil....
lol smh at that tweet i saw
technically yes. However there will be a completely new structure, etc A form will still need to be filled out to have on file
If I had a dick I would pull it out and piss on 'em
I want to get on a "most eligible bachelor" list. How do I become more eligible? Does that mean becoming more lonely?
just got out of the hospital. took too many blue pills when billy came over.
GOOD! Because no one STOLE our jobs--the corporate execs GAVE them away. America needs to wake up to this reality!
Sometimes, you just have to enjoy some reggae
The Circle of Sorcerers, my first fantasy novel, is targeted at 81,000 words. I'm at 75,000 with 11 days to go. Oh, dear. :P
#halsteadannual Diane Ramirez is an awesome leader. Elegant, knowledgeable and innovative.
u live in the #clt area?
Tim Bray (co-creator of XML), regarding the iPhone: "It's a sterile Disney-fied walled garden surrounded by sharp-toothed lawyers."
Just watched Facing The Giants for the first time...its got me messed up over here. Two Thumbs Up!!!
ball,ball,ball!!
My girl mad at me cuz my BM CAME OVER
Give it a chance
I am in for raffle. paypal? Tomorrow?
The is the best coffee to wake you up in the morning!(:
OK..let's see what this Sunday on Stars has in store for me...
Today's quote for my fellow artists, Art is either plagiarism or revolution. So let us start a revolution!
Commission walks in, a hush falls over the room.
Wrapped on 'Eden' for today. Now back to Plain, Wa for more 'This is Ours'.
Who we got winning tonight? I'm thinking the Mavericks knock this one out!
Good morning tweeps let's get this day over with
Booking model development shoots for Sept. Contact me soon for #photoshoots before I'm booked.
Key themes: deployment of mothers, surprise of women in military situations, publicity
Who is Deangelo Hall to be talking about anyone,how is his team doing this season? Why is anyone listening to him to begin with?
Aw I can't wait to marry you my baby doll!!!!!!
“: I'll be there!” looking forward bro!
I remember where I was
I despise nights like these
: According to my bracket, you'd have to get past Indiana, Michigan State, and Ohio State for the trophy...
YouTube sets its on. You just upload your caption file and it chooses font, size, etc. Exhibit ones for captioning would be...
I blame his 4 years in Gainsville.
And the transformation begins!
why not?!?
i feel the same way!
it won't be cancelled, and I work tonight.
BIG HALLOWEEN PARTY GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!!! VIP SOLD OUT & SO WE GETTIN SPOOKY CRUNK! COME HANG WITH ALL THE DRUNK ZOMBIES!!
I mean....yeah.
New this year: Health & Fitness Expo on Thursday, June 21 4:00-8:00 pm and Friday, June 22 11:00 am-9:00 pm at the Italian Community Center!
dancing yes pics no I even had an adult drink very girlie
Happy Birthday back at ya!
Eating lunch using dirty utensils I found on the floor. These are my last words.
My apologies to top Las Vegas magician Jason Byrne who made it to the London Palladium in 2008--making 4 Canadian magi on that elite list.
have fun with that
Im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak he put a bucket under it
New statistic - 56 million kids under the age of 13 on Facebook
Treating a girl well is simple. Treat her how you would like your dad to treat your mom.
I can't concentrate on Deleuze because my boyfriend is feverishly sanding his cutting boards on the patio.
So much buzz this morning about on the way to NC to workout Manning. Let's get it done !!!
I'm kinda surprised Friendster is included..I mean, they're still around, though as an online gaming site or something..
lol. no. i am a walking miracle. in Texas. that happens every other week.
Secret: There never was anyone else. I only wanted you. ♥
Should have checked your profile first, I see you're from KY too!
bittersweet - we'll miss you in the south bay, but you'll do an awesome job covering the mayoral race :)
Yeah if I was to finish up my degree id so work for that's where the hotties are 😉
Did they really just suggest than an undefeated Murray St. team would only be a ten seed? If so, why didn't I hear anyone laugh at them?
don't know if io can ever forgive u
A friend is someone who can speak on your character and integrity, not on how resourceful you have been for them.
Hoping to get you sprung like bail bonds.
Welp. I own a house...that I can't go into yet, because she's still cleaning. and has possessions there. THIS is the American dream y'all.
Rip Junior Seau
Ultimatum continues their streak!
. : "We absolutely knew Judge Sumi was appointed by Tommy Thompson." Why would that matter?
needs anger management..
Who da hell up on my timeline....
YES! Lots of enhancements... Great. Thx a bunch. :)
It's snowing!
throwbacks on throwbacks
I am livid right now- being told it is not for sale yet orders have processed. I'll send out official word once I have it
Come on Tweeps! Let's trend for a great cause, #BeckettBowl ! Wooohoo
They do need rock-solid sound temperament.
whatever I ain't slow that all you! But no I told you boy!!
Love is in the air!! When was the last time you told them you love them. Please do so, we don't know when they may not be here.
What do you get if you cross two snakes with a magic spell? Addercadabra and abradacobra.
slow your role....not to hard!:) *remember wht we talk about!!
What a beautiful day for Autism Speaks Walk at the Rose Bowl.
Maybe not, now you have some time to ruminate on that bill and REALLY plan a consequence! ;)
yeah I think I will actually, thanks c: will you be on after?
Bout to go to sleep so goodnight Twitter so tired :)
Hello beer. Daddy's gonna turn each and every one of you into urine.
Nothing like being sick on the weekend. It sucks!!!!!
Me too... Davey Richards'ing my lust
When you align yourself with Universal FLOW you begin to take much more responsibility for what you draw to yourself.
Sorry, but I don't have a facebook. But, I'll still check it out.
what are the best exercises for explosion for football?
That awkward moment when a guy hangs out of a public bus yelling at you to call him...
Only hood bitches drink nemos
Here's a (free)tip: Don't clean ur electric shaver over the trash can...cuz then u have to decide how badly u want that part back : /
Thank you for the klout! :)
Visit ruthiebird.wordpress.com tomorrow for a #FNO recap! Now, it's back to the celebration!
Back from the park, what a good workout :-)
Loving this weather :)
- Define "traditional R&B" :)
HeeHee. Thanks for the follow. So great hanging out with you. Love you tons.
Congrats to Dr. Juanita Chinn & Dr. Andrea Henderson, newly minted PhDs at !
terrible day . -,-
#everyblackneighborhood hav that 1 honorRoll kid who dont get in2 any trouble,has a future N sports BUT end up gettin killed
Mane im fucked up, i was drank wit my nigga dj hill n we went thru like 2 bottles mane im on cloud 9
Hi Adrienne, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
#3WordsOfAdvice believe in yourself.
Thanks for the shout-out! Glad to spread the word about you at
4th Day of Video Production here w/ crew of 12, I'm camera A ;)
Probably a breaking story, about a Kardashian, right?
looking for retail locations to sell and hold our Food.
I had a rad time meeting you today. I can already tell you'll be putting that knife I sent home with you to good use.
Are we going to see you there?
The times we feel alone are the perfect opportunities for us to be productive.
So excited to go to the Blackhawks game on Monday!
From my office overlooking I-465, just saw a Books-A-Million semi go by. You go, BAM!
Pixie Lott is beautiful omg.
Thank you for letting us know about this.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix #Fox news and black people
Economic sanctions ARE violence to those most oppressed in this situation. Israel/Palestine is not South Africa.
Thanks. Right back at you!
I love Austin's eyes. I get lost in them every time I see a picture of him.
I know rite I luved he song raise ur glass n funhouse <3
I never got one from you. It isn't showing up my phone.
Think it's a very good start to seeing if your content is readable! And Word does it for you so why not?
day 2! Stop by the booth and enter our raffle every hour to win a free shirt!
My love of #TheShins runs deep. Last.fm doesn't always post, I guess.
Watching "Joe" on Netflix from 1970, with a 20 year old Susan Sarandon...so weird to see her like that
Internet down at work. Feels like 1995 up in here. I'm about to bust out my Crazy Sexy Cool cassette for full effect.
#adchat is tonight starting at 8pm EST hosted by Make sure to follow and use the #adchat hashtag to join in!
we shall pay!
I was ready the post and seen that shit and started to dying... Niggas need to step and be a father even thou the relationship
What ever you do stay focused on what you want, keep hold, take your chances, keep the light shining and eventually you find the right door
We're only beginning to explore the possibilities. We'll blog it as we do and would love your feedback!
--who knows--it does sound good though
Neat. RT : Don't think a 6:40 first pitch is going to happen
It has come & gone!
RT : Teen Implanted with Artificial Heart: Texas Children's Hospital has become the first pediatric center wher......
sure thing. What happened to your website?
Finally got my new editing computer! So excited! I feel like I'm 3 and just got my first bike.
great! :D
Some people may change when given a second chance. Then again some take it as another opportunity to hurt you and screw up that chance.
you must not know who you're talking too actin like idk this already, I've been in on plenty of sessions blowin big kush lol
Venus Flytrap left WKRP, too briefly owned Frank'sPlace in Orleans, drove limo in Sister,Sister & slipped into That '70s Show.
Not in sydney. lol :p
Happy Beautiful New Year to you and yours from Beauty Call LA
Thanks, Vu! Do I get my money back if we don't win? That was part of the #lottery deal, right?
Haha how did you like the show??? Did your pops like it?
New York City friends. Please go see my friend in #stickflyplay !!!
Control State sales led by Irish Whiskey, Vodka, Cocktails, and Tequila with annual growth rates of 18.4%, 5.8%, 4.8%, and 4.2%. Via
Tall people stand out .
of course #TeamFollowBack !!!!
#Save Your Home tips from Anna Cuevas on Michigans WTCM Newstalk with Norm Jones Wed Nov 23 10:35 Eastern Time Listen Live online
I'm dumb, but I'm not "can't tell the difference between your and you're" dumb.
thank you :)
And u no This Man!!! MISS YOU ON THESE HOLLYWOOD STREETS!!!
day 1 of waking up at 6AM. feels good to get a run in before 7.
Think about this when hiring a vendor: the person you love working with leaves the company. Do you still want to work with the company?
Hi Ruth, you can return early, just go to "manage books" in your Amazon account. Enjoy!
You've got quite the attitude for just turning 18...
$1.00 for a 30 day test drive! Oh YES! Baltimore REIA- tiny.cc/one-dollar-test-drive
Listening to eye of the tiger...can u dig it?
100 days no meat!
Missed the bus....AGAIN
Just redid my cuz's room man she has alot of pic's dang it looks amazing....:)
Smileadon. Just call me cat dude for short. How is ur day going?
did you know: UW ranks 15th on the list of all-time winningest D-1 college basketball programs
