Orlando Dragons vs Tampa Bay Black Sox Sat 8/8/09 at Sanford's Memorial Stadium 1st 50 people through the gate gets a FREE souvenir bat
Today is Martin Luther King Day of Service. Are you volunteering?
#icantwaitfor this weekend!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job??
Anything we can do to make someone start fangirling :)
“ Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's!! The world would be nothing without you...love”
So sorry to hear Victoria.
just got mine yesterday
goodnight boys!! xx
S'mores are campfire essentials. Do you have any variations you like? We put our marshmallows between two chocolate chip cookies. M!
At this point we just need to roll... And work hard to get this thing comfortable...keep workin Randolph
you're so right! Halfway through season2 and so much is happening... I must catch up!
yes sleep deprivation is tough but so worth it! Congratulations!! He is precious!
Author of "Local Dollars, Local Sense" speaking now at #DoGoodSummit. We are helping you invest local first in #DC through
We'll be releasing the 2012 lineup at midnight tonite. Make sure you are signed up for our newsletter. p.s. the lineup is amazing
Damn you. IHopeYouGetStungByaJellyfish.
I'm a big flirt..
liked and retweeted.
There are numerous responsible and qualified individuals who could sit on that board seat who are not making crazed statements in public.
it's DUCK CURRY! Lmaooo RT ": Dinner ; Curry Duck,Dhal,Rice,Roti :)”
Can't wait to see the video from the launch party...gonna be SEXY!
I did:) will send pics!! RT : Did you find an outfit for the weekend? Would love to see pics!
one of the books is Cassell's Dictionary of Cookery. I think you would love it! Thanks for looking into this.
I never meant to make your daughter cry I apologized a trillion times!!!!!!
Story of my life and ur just a turned page...
My living room is a mess since my brother had to come home today happy but now we gotta unpack everything!!! :O
happy doesn't always make us grateful, but I believe that being grateful always make us happy
Lies O.O !
Follow me!!!!
found some nice pictures you took at lunch today :')
Anyone else wishing they were kid sized and could fit into DVF for Gap kids?
Review: Trans-Siberian Orchestra show sizzles and dazzles
Maybe we need to find a Micha -- Might help a thing or two!
Ving Rhames, Jennifer Hudson, Ashy Larry - In six months I've already had more black people in my movies/TV shows than Woody Allen.
Thinking the Syracuse bandwagon just got a bit heavier.
I Followed you!
I'm SO tired
Oh Watchmen. You rock my world.
make me one :)
Wish there were more hours in a day. Between being a mama, wife, networking, and building a brand I am stretched to the max.
I know. Looks...wow.
I had to retire after I didn't win a PVA. Desk job called. But OK, mission-make-people-aware-of-the-ladies is on.
Playing guitar until I have to drive back to school. Playing Blink-182, 311, and New Found Glory.
E this movie is real scary# where is prince charming ;)
why am I walking around singing about bananas and ketchup??? Ha
Pink Floyd lyrics abound... but feel better soon.
4500 UBIs were the Species Pages of the past! 's Jesús Ugalde at Content Summit! I see Atta! Coming up soon: Atta2 in May 2012!
He threw a sinker...
suspended from school for 10 days won't be on alot :P
Can't wait to speak to the Ageless woman, lyttle and the Chirinos sisters
WOW - Wailea On Wednesdays. Check out on Wednesdays from 6:30-8:30. Gallery receptions, artist appearances and specials.
Now Following :-)
yes, we definitely were. We found the trailer a while back and were stoked it was at Bird's.
LITA Forum 2009 starts in just days...will you be there?
I gotta agree with Fuse...Sweet Dreams is Beyonces sexiest video!!
a great night speaking to Fayette County alumni. What a great group! Go Cats!
I can't promise to fix your problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them alone.
emily what time did you get there ? 9:25?
Hmm if I leave the club now I can still catch late nite...
We're having A Weekend of Savings throughout the mall with special offers at participating stores. It's all happening October 7-9.
NFL Draft > Bucks final game
I'm bout to pass out!!!!
One-stop sales &amp; marketing solution
I'm listening to "Let My Words Be Few" by Plumbline "I stand in Awe of you .."
More interesting Q is whether we'll see more voter suppression robocalls in Lac du Flambeau today.
I think he's getting a mani/pedi : I'm getting a tune up on these hands and feet right now.
He said He want to know the real me . I said It ain't that easy .
not to mention photos of us forces w/ dead Afghan body! Peace and calm! No magic bullet, foreign policy is total mess
Landed a heelwhip down a three stair today. So thats pretty cool.
FREE event Tonight! (4/10)6:30pm Screening & discussion of Olmsted and America's Urban Parks - don't miss!
That gal in the middle is a real doll!
My brain is scary enough, do I really want to see inside yours as well?
Key Lime Pie Yogurt
So it is Chinatown tomorrow for Happy Hour...
Great presentation today. You know your stuff and presented very well!!!! Have a GREAT weekend!
Promoting Safety In The Street And On The Web: Educational Games Teach Internet Safety to Children Online At ...
I see you Mane
LET IT BE SO, NUMBER ONE! RT : oh i shall. IN THE NAME OF THE BUS!
UK has some ugly ass cheerleaders
Oh no! “: U/D Bronx: Bronx River Pkwy & E.180St at the Bronx Zoo NYPD Highway & EMS on scene reporting 6 victims are DOA on scene"
that was our first big arguement i still beg and plead to her i want her back. Its been 3 weeks. I just wanna get her bak
Check out the Google doodle for today! They're so clever. Happy Halloween!!!
Diane Kelly is a very engaging speaker.
what the hell is going in Friday Night. Miss y'all. Ugh
Whoever won gift basket @ #FoodFightMKENight , please raise your hand? Fakers need not apply. ;)
Wonderful evening :)
lol I just speak the facts!
I never thought i'll have my first relationship over a year this young but oh well Im happy its with her(:
my family
Stress levels are at much more reasonable levels today. I'm digging it.
Lol, its a unique trend
Archives/Library Internship/Volunteer contact for more info.
Going to dinner with my father Scott tonight. Going to talk Ace strategy and how we can better serve our clients. All family business.
Same here and it was really really really frustrating. I thought buffering days were over...
NP Always try to follow the supporters of Cleveland
thats deputy prime minister of turkey for you laymen!
Actually, next door at Vdara. But good eye!
check out nice records on facebook! our video coming out soon!
Now Playing ♪ She Sells Sanctuary (Long Version) by The Cult
Quite a night of baseball wasn't it? Wow!
Game 1: Mario "I wish I could be refurbished." Rod "We could send you to Connecticut."
Most tickets will be seats, some tickets will be SRO
Hey I heard to like the wild ones ;)
The last time I played softball on a Friday night I was wearing the Red and Yellow
lil romeo is now romeo, lil bow wow is now bow wow, when lil wayne gunna grow the hell up?
don't feel like being bothered
Has anyone heard of Lohanthony ?
Tanning Mom looks just like all the Hollywood celebrities with radioactive cheeto spray-tans. Just sayin.
Vinnnnnny chase. That's it.
you two mash well. Your good for each others soul!
Mom, Ben Affleck is naked in my bed!
Let me explain a breakthrough. It's when you find a method of doing something [system] that dramatically accelerates your ability to...
old crow medicine show.wagon wheel was the first song I learned on the guitar. I just got lost most the time..
RT : Broward Auditions are tonite starting at 8pm come by if you want to audition you can walk in or go to the...
i miss u
I will never walk home again in this heat!!!
apparently, problem is inclusion of SNOMed in UMLS was created by College of American Pathologists, wouldn't open up
True. It isn't like she'd need to give up city hall to run thanks to the debacle she lobbied for this year.
you should see my back... i went to our baseball game on sunday and it is so red!
well then god bless his soul
My parents trying to figure out my dad's iPad. Way too amusing.
whens this happening?
Last month and N. Starosielski visited 's Media Ecology seminar to discuss their process, collaboration, and Scalar
At this point, we feel it is appropriate to issue turds for his non-ballot measure. Suggestions for kind or qty?
Last night here. Nice Indian meal. Great to be w/family, but can't wait to get back and see my girls, Banana and
Make a resolution take back control of your home in 2012. Let us help you start with #repairing that ruined carpet!
I'm still here on earth because I have not completed my purpose!
If all of you could take a second and ask your friends to follow & Thanks
RT : here's to the kids who finally found someone different.
Question is, will P&N know what a vcr is?
i mostly dont get any .
take a nap :
Montreal! I dont know any french except for "youre what the french call les incompetents" Hopefully Montreal's a fan of Home Alone
you need more or larger stations in Farragut north. No room for my bike in the am and no bikes left in the pm. Had to metro back
Is it because all of his teeth are fake?
looking forward to seeing the play JESUS HOPPED THE A TRAIN at the New Hazlett Theatre tonight.
U r gonna love Wilson! He has it all and was a steal at 75! Can't wait for him to prove the haters wrong!
While I love Coke (the cola), don't forget my Dr. Pepper obsession! I am drinking one right now :)
Perfect! Any chance you could drop it off at since you live in the area? Otherwise I can pick it up from you! :)
whenever you free.. Let's set something up
Yes! Well, you can't argue with arm wrestling....
Do not be wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD and shun evil. Proverbs 3:7
Final score KC Bulldogs 77 St Jo Bandits 24
awesome!! Thanks! =))
Discovery Earnings Down on OWN Losses
frustration does not get things done it actually makes it harder to complete
I seriously don't want to get up yet...but good morning, world!
:O that means you sexy then according to my tweet. ;)
all you can control is how realized your potential is. That is about YOU!
I wish you great success. Time to get rid of the tie. may not be cool with flip flops just yet.
I love wearing his shirt :3 <3
JUST SAW YOUR VIDEO- Contact our volunteers in Addis and this can be ONE DAY OF AWARENESS! We do weekly programs #MOVEMENT!!
I am living a fever dream
Here's an idea: 5-AND A HALF hour Energy shots
thanks for following
Stephanie told me I've been logged on to her iphone for like 6 months & I got that tweet & I was like wait what's going on lol
12th #SDCChiHack is a site that lets people share deep questions- and answers- with one another
I really don't wanna say , especially not up here !
yoooooo what's up
For $1,000, Go Deep In The Bush [Nice Price Or Crack Pipe]
I crochet my hair and loving it!!!
Super excited for the #iacaucus. Never thought I'd say that about a GOP race. My bet: Santorum, Paul, Romney.
He ran in '08 and didn't even get a ballot??? And they call this America the Great!
Let this be the only time I have Red Bull and Nicotene (and bananas) for breakfast
I haven't used my oovoo in forever tho idk y I have one
Though I am grateful for the blessings of wealth, it hasn't changed who I am. My feet are still on the ground. I'm just wearing better shoes
Tyson Chandler is a rebounding machine.
GREAT game tonight! So proud to be a Bucks fan!
Now I'm only one chapter behind on identifications!
that could be badly misinterpreted. ;)
you have three artists albums mixed up under "Paul Kelly".
Attending Datatel+SGHE Executive Summit 2012...just listened to "Solutions - The Year Ahead" led by Mark Jones, SVP & Chief Product Officer
Stylish Moms means stylish babies and kids! Check out in the #momsFF Stylish Suite
that means we think a lot I like- I thought no one would get that-
A morning text doesn't only mean "good morning." It also means "I think about you when I wake up
Sad to see Lucey cross over to the dark side. On the bright side, now we get to spend the next three weeks blasting his character.
My butt and legs are so sore from Plyocide. On week 5 so I figured I could up the intensity. Paying for it today. Feel the burn!
with school & stuff i don't have much time to but i love to! :)
lmao. Yes, anytime I ask someone if they're drunk, it def applies to u, as well :-*
while you're on maternity leave, if I send you the coug, could you make a happy bday pic for Marky next week?
S/O To For Followin Back :)
Thanks for the RT
reading true diary of a part-time indian
- Confirmed. I wish I had the automobile-related abilities of Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble. Yabba-dabba-doo.
lol I just don't like raves
People want to see you for a glow party.
RT : Barbecue, Boulevard, Baseball.
Waking up when it's still dark should be outlawed.
Yay! And I'm glad you liked it. SHATTER ME just blew me away.
You could always bug me :)
I just need someone steady in my life thats gonna be there </3
You sold my dead bird to a blind kid?!
Afrolicious weekly party was off the chain last night yet again. shout out to Nappy G for his tasty set!! Crowd was AMAZING!!!!
According to a Harvard Medical School study as many as six million Americans use an #alternativetherapy recommended by a doctor
They didn't mention it until halfway though. It would have been nice of Jordyn that's all. Not worth arguing on twitter.
Up to 60% off Gucci shoes and accessories at DSW Buckhead today.
just favorited all of your tweets cause i can't retweet you anymore... ily cheer up
Being interview by the patch.
Amazing Girls Circle workshop now at the Worcester #JuniorLeague!!
RT : Getting misty-eyed thinking ab friends that have been in my life 4 20+ yrs!What a blessing!//yes!
I was living in 280 square feet here in SF. Studio. Too small.
Such a great way to start the day - let's do it again ASAP!
It's upsetting that such an important game was rained out.
Single or not. Remember gods love is more stable and powerful than man. So have a great Valentine's day and remember God loves us!
He took only one day off last year......and found Bin Laden.
xoxo... And is that chocolate cake for breakfast? *drools*
Happy Saturday Beautiful People. Day 5 #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT.com
Today Emerging Leaders will host a shoebox decorating party ! We cannot wait to show you all of the amazing shoeboxes!
"If you can't open it, you don't own it." Suzanne Fischer @
Is it fair to say that #Celtics #RajonRondo is the king of the triple-doubles and not that other guy?
This is the best birthday that ive had in my 14 years of existance 4 2 reasons 1 i met Nick the day b4 my bd 2 he tweeted me happy birthday!
Re: "UPS Customer Support is now following you ()." Sorry! I was just anxiously awaiting a piece of gear for !
I love with all my heart! Really! She is gorgeous:)
You should see my neighborhood..Sheesh!
Spectacularly funny. RT : My dad while watching basketball: If I was an NBA player, I'd change my name to Pea Knus. #seriously?
Mid-morning update is that the bag "should" be on its way
Cureton: resistance to change? You either change the people or CHANGE THE PEOPLE.
Wife bought a Jillian Michaels yoga DVD. "Deep breaths. Open your heart to the energy. And namaste, you FATASS MOTHERF*@&ING PIECE A SH*T!"
Zombies need hobbies.
Matt read got straight up benched today after the turnover
will have a long life in middle America. It was condescending and did not take into account the people who love Netflix for
yup I'm back in office next week so shoot me some options!
#ilovemyMother no matter wat she my first n my last nobody will never take her place /my bestfriend
Well, 2011's THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO opening credits are pretty sweet, aren't they?
I'd like to say thanks to my fans by following them all back RT if want the follow or to help #YungDeet out.
Everybody thinks me and Bebe is sisters lol
Let's go play some handball
In Tulsa with wife's family, supposed to be 68 degrees Thursday ... plan to golf!
i just got extremely pissed off, for no good reason...... Im such a girl.
Sometimes the ONLY thing that people see is WHAT you did. When in fact, they should be looking at WHY you did it.
LOL That was hilarious!! I wonder if Patrick & Neil could do that?! ;-))
Two margaritas and a relaxing dinner with family. Beautiful night.
Finding #balance somewhere between found drinks and the
I hear that Michael J. Fox has a disease that makes him get a lot of parking tickets. Yeah, he got the disease from some guy named Mohammed
Thanks for the clarification :-)
Bridget, Sonic stock is up. Is it warranted?
and really, a house after NYC is weird and new for anyone. Maybe they r just dreams? At least she sleeps well
it dipped thirty-some percent, as expected. Still number one show of the night.
What is your favorite perfume to use during the day?
yes right of the gold line :)
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 34
Just finished The Scorpio Races for Feb's book club. Loved it and SO excited to talk about it.
"One Direction is only famous because of their looks." Yeah, I bought their album to listen to their faces.
When I was six, I could juggle scarves like a badass. The world was my oyster then.
okay, deal!
very peaceful pastime
Goodnight twitter. :-)
Laying in bed "daydreaming"of all the fun renovations I can make to my house. I think it's about time $$ started growing on tree's
“ I fucking hate you guts... and if u want another little slut in your life then fuck it im done!!! #FUCKU!”
-you are beautiful in EVERY single way, cause words can't bring you down. <3
Hold on there...not so fast...not so furious! He works for Food Stam President who is not really President.
Did you get them?!
Merci beau coup! I will definitely be saving some money on shampoo :)
So many words in my head, trying to find the best way to arranged them, I got my pen and my pad just being having trouble getting in the lab
You're welcome! I'm just sorry you've been missing out on its brilliance for so long.
#10 sign you work in Marketing: You lecture the neighborhood kids selling lemonade on ways to improve their look-to-buy ratio.
YES! And this time of year there is plenty of fresh fruit available! Choose fresh over dry and you get the bonus of H2O!
sounds about right
So the 27th amendment to the constitution was proposed by the First Congress in 1789, but wasn't ratified untill May 18, 1992?
Has your patio been bombed by birds? Time to power wash your patio back to pre war conditions? vegaspressurewashing.com
I hate that SPROUTS isn't open late. 10pm?! U kiddin me?! Where am I supposed to do my leisurely wee hour groshing?
right on, see you then!
circus afro circus afro polka dot polka dot afro!
thanks lady!!
I'm really mad about losing in fantasy football this week, REGGIE BUSH! Mad it Tuesday...
hi welcome to adventureland where aall yyour dreams can come true :)
933flz played it 2 times in an hour!(: I was so happy!!<33 #BOYFRIEND #followme or #noticeme <33 love and support you
Yes, I'll also arrive on Wednesday, in afternoon...meet up later to eat or for a drink?
Just started reading it today. Transfixed so far.
- different events in the music industry and various news.
...they offer exit row seating and extra leg-room seats; even first class, but I can't find the "sit next to a hottie" option :(
Why do I even bother watching these games??
That's because you are finally relaxing and doing nothing
meek mill & Luda
what exactly are you over
don't worry about them two girls. Im here :D
me too.
were they critizing it?
- We aren't as divided as you think we are. When all he__ breaks loose we'll all be Americans again.
But I do feel somewhat justified that some of the observations I made on Klobah's work were the same Lamming made in praise of her.
15 minutes til kickoff! Unofficial in Chicago w/ #illcrawl !
Yeah I do haha
m yummy just ate some taco bueno
There are so many things that I'll never get back.
I can so dig it!
Hey new tweets and peeps-thanks for following.
thx buddy! :D
We are sold out. We will see you out here tomorrow!
Research paper <<<
Like #UConn, pizza & beer? Join at the on Feb. 16 for a 5:30 Club beer tasting! Tix at uconnalumni.com.
Off to a video shoot. First PSA let the work continue. Saisissez le jour!
loved this tweet. Thanks for your support! :)
please tell me one of saw the Bradshaw TD?
also how did anything I say make you think I thought it was about me? Your reading comprehension level is very low.
Have you met ? “: We shld add RT : Can't wait for a conf where students voice their opinions #dream2012”
Get a goal & then every day do 5 things that will help you accomplish that goal. -
"I don't believe in Google overload." -
Even 20-somethings face all kinds of situations, so it’s important that even young people make estate plans.
YEA we were laughing SO hard
sorry, stupid Twitter signed me off and I couldn't remember my password >:(
Reminder! Tonight Acoustic Thursdays is at Zella's Pizzeria 1145 Hollins St 21223 (8-11) $5. Full menu & bar. Plenty of parking
From Natural Hair to Extensions to braids, you are covered! There is something for everyone in the Valentine's Day Specials "JUST FOR...
so one page is 4 updates & one is 4 ur own use?
Cole Hamels has been suspended five games and fined. -- Todd Zolecki ()
The stars are bright on the water.....
I might get my stuff back thanks to a good neighbor. I'm a tad less cynical because of that. All the same,
You talked to Stan Lee?! Holy shit! Just watched Ironman tonight. He was dressed like Hugh Hefner...hee hee
Ok so far I picked the top 2. I'm on edge
we played games the whole time
Have you ever thought about making a competion for the girl who's going to play in your music video? ♥
I hate when people constantly run their mouths.
Instead of burning books, the future F451 will feature DRM-ing books away from the public as censorship.
This commercial >>>
what a beauty
Hangovers are a real bitch:o(
So much to do but thats ok! Keeping God first and it's all good in the hood lol
Is Vincent Orange trying to inherit #ward5? It's going to be a fight.
only shining light was the way Milan went at Barcelona 4times. UTD got hammered in every Dept by Bilbao, Spains 10th best team.
3 weeks at home! More time for writing projects. And preparing for my next round of travels.
THEY KISSED!!! Princess Catherine is too pretty:D
hahaha bro im bout to get big
Whoever said nothing is impossible has obviously never tried to staple water to a tree.
Last I checked I was! Hold on lemme see... Yep still alive! Lmao!
Kroger hoping for 200 8oz waters!! Don't laugh it ain't funny!! 😁 lol
look at the picture. 2:33 I think it said
Coffee & her makes my day:)
. Here's the thing: Fed's goal in Rome is to get the 2 seed for the French. Ironically, Nole beating Rafa does that if Fed makes SFs.
yo weak ass. You'll step on a grape and break yo ankle, soft as boy
MT That was HIP HOP [re: Mayweather spazzing on Larry Merchant in the interview]
pls RT - Are you ready? Time to go. Get your free gift and shop for a $1.00. One hour only. here it is...bit.ly/6hGqKx
I just ordered aall her cookbooks yay! HAPPY BIRTHDAY BELLA! XO SEE U IN SI!
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend that cares about him, more them myself, when ever he needs me, I'll be here
QB, RB's, DEF and #1 WR are excellent, TE's and other WR's are iffy at best. Evans could be a sleeper
Nice to meet you too.
May 18 is Lupus Awareness Day- Wear Purple for Lupus Awareness
Fuck everything. I am going to Warped Tour. Nobody will stop me!
#ILovePeopleThat tell the truth from jump. No BS, no games.
u aint right..see y u gotta rub it in bruh? Lol
I thought the same thing about the co-authorship. Thanks for reading :)
RT“: To their credit, the #CNNDebate did do a thorough job covering all the issues that don't matter. So there's that. #Fail”
allhhhwww come to pittsburgh :)
follow me please i will love you forever
It's a hard genre! My hat is off to you. Have you read Don Maass' Fire in Fiction? It really helped with my 2nd book.
screen finally worked, helps when it is a surprise
I'll be more than happy to mail you one. If any of your friends are interested too please let me know. If u have any questions
GEOOOOO someone hacked the ICON website go look!!!!!
Happy Saturday! Sunny, let's enjoy the day. What have you got planned?
hey....woohoo go spurs Thanks ;)
Did you know? #Prettylittlethingsmovie will serve as the first ever feature length film to ever come from #PointParkUniversity film students
Worst of the night: Penelope (hair), Sandra (makeup), JLO (dress: the nude mesh arm sleeves took her dress to ice-skating territory to me).
Give them time.": worse than anything a Romney advisor could have said"
Mine are in 2 weeks, but I'll take it Anne :) RT “: Best of luck for all those exam takers today :)”
": “: Can't smoke weed for 3months #Damn smh” aww hell!!"...NIGGA FINNA START SMOKING SPACE
yeeee (: you're welcome<3. So what's up??
That's good advice. Let me try one... "looking for a place to clip your nails? Try your house!" :)
(except in rare case where db is the born-digital primary format)
On my early morning Gospel Vibe...
I'm in a hotel room writing a paper about globalization. My neighbors in hotel room next door seem to be doing something else...
Live on the tornadoes that swept through DFW. I could not believe the video coming in. semi trucks circling high in the sky Turn us on now!
Ah. And here I was picturing you as Helen Hunt in 'Twister'!
So my cousin just graduated from college or whatever she was in and is pregnant for the second time. Woho.
Nice. “: You're listening to the wrong feed. We know how to say Junior's name #mubb”
Opening in Sep. Their inspirational faculty is planning collaboratively. Will be happy to connect you.
geeze...now I have to add #dl11 to my search list ;-) thanks for a great event.
They are! I'd eat some of his lunch, but he always gets something grossly carnivorous I'm not supposed to tell his real wife about.
Got as much research done for the time being, now its time to put it to use and make it happen.
Just got home from #alamw12. Now might read 1 of books I picked up & nap. Margaret Atwood reading tonight! Can't wait!
will never understand why it takes girls so long to get ready smh
yes Girly bc I'm awesome like that!(:
This Keyshawn right here in Brooklyn Chilln with the fams (:
Mhm :D !! Haha are you ready for warped your 2012?
Blocked and reported as a SPAMMER
They totally responded to you about the link, didn't they, lulz
Nice domain name...i'll visit the site later
I fully support your initiative :)
Happy New Year!! Enjoy capturing amazing moments!!
Im here workin keepin busy word above water performing its gonna be wild
: Thank you! Stay tuned these muffins and more will be for sale in my etsy store very soon!!
I don't want to hear her wack ass song
#BelieveINTransit RT : "What's next?" for Indy. I have an idea. Care to guess? Jim Irsay like twitter recognition for correct...
#CyberMonday I can't even get a deal on a #moleskin? Where else can I expel my immortal vampire angst? 140 words isn't sufficient.
is in search of a cup of coffee the size of her head.
how do you only have a half a million followers!!?!?!? #AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks that's ridiculous!?
yeah,me too :)
god morning everyone!!!!!!!...beautifull day in Dallas Texas..And hoping you guys have a wonderfull day!!!!..god bless you people!!
RT : I swear i gotta get outta Philly #butilovemycitysmh<=nothing like home
Today has been the kind of day where I could just go home and mainline some rich, creamery butter.
Talof2cities, you're the best. Thanks a million for all the positive tweets!
John 2:19 "Jesus answered them, “Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.”'
Oh I Know
that play was amazing! :) great job OKP!
Glad you liked the video. :)
oh ok
Thanks!! Your website is awesome, great work!
Just picked up my 1st pair of quality over-the-ear headphones...Feels like I just discovered music. And the headphones were free.
Hey I put "Rack City" in my GPS and it was unknown. Can you tell me where one can find this "Rack City"?
I had such a nice convo with you before saying you love me, and now your acting like a asshole -__-
Finishing up this wellness homework
RT : for a job I don't mind going into every day!
Yay! You should come see a show at #Stage773 !
RT :Instead of spending money on pricey dinners and outings. Invest your resources into building your futures.
RT "You mean like fry bacon in the nude? #2chapit" That's making the list.
I thought maybe I could pick up this prescription without debating the price so I could make the 8:15 train. Funny right?
Excited to finally see some media coverage of the Boston and New York teams over the next two weeks.
So proud of the team for getting the Gold top fundraising team this year for Walk MS! Let's make it platinum next year!!!
so if u need a minute u got it
2Grammy Submitted Artists this year!If u solicit me4a vote.I won't even listen2your music.I will block&delete u!Lobby4a better system morons
I feel bad for all the girls out there that don't have moms. I know I fight with mine alot. But she's the best, I love her so much.
Probably true. I find organizing circles to be a blast! Best segmentation tool on any social network.
no it was just one of his dj's he's on tour with
All man need is the Supernatural Power of The Holy Spirit; God wants to completely fill you- Pastor Reynaldo Santiago!! =D
Sometime I really hate Florida...... It's 80 degrees on an early Christmas eve morning, I'm sweating.....this is not right ..kill me now
But, What is a lie?
good night
Well I'm back in miami on my way to the studio
HI MIKEY
Our girls did great in the Smartwool race at Vail today! Go girls!
oh i see well i hope u hve fun
About to eat something squishy and pink... What the frick japan?
Dear neighbors, Sunday is a day of rest. Not a day to throw parties. Sincerely, The neighbor who's sick of your partying every week.
if I play with Barca I can't be beat.
stop smoking so many blunts ;p
Likewise! So great to connect!
What if you incoporated a body spin into every time you sign a receipt? First name --body twirl-- last name.
Phi Phi, SHUT UP! Quit bitching so much.
How can I be sure really exists if I've never seen him in person?
please stop posing
you make twitter so much better.
“People are not lazy. They simply have important goals – that is, goals that do not inspire them.” Tony Robbin
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face. —Ben Williams
Thx to all who added amazing ideas on "how to make training stick" to our 6 foot Idea Board at the booth at
have a good break! Btw you coming to round up? It's gon be epic.
Glenn is trying desperately to figure out the difference between twitter and facebook. It's got him bothered.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen People bring up mistake you made a long time ago, over and over again.
Pretty funny but false. He does however hold onto the ball to long even in the pro bowl.
changes history
“: Time to get down(ton)” we haven't yet. Perhaps we should?
don't jinx him! #noinjuriesRT Personnel evaluator from another team on Robinson: "The sky is the limit for that kid."
Yes, that makes so much sense, I will add it to our list of things to do!
lol that's awesome
how is recovery?
so does he! Sometimes he doesn't get to meet his idols because he's so busy.
Should have played party in the usa as erik's intro
we miss you in Austin!! The cupcakes were pretty delicious.
We will be announcing some new endorsed casinos next week. Looks like the poker world really wants to unite and use a base set of rules
what's the weather supposed to be like come first pitch?
Hey Jim, been awhile. Hope things are going well.
IDGAF! Suck My Dick Bitch!
Just walked by on Nebraska rockin the signature suit and bow tie, smoking a cigar.
The Clippers Blow Ass But #CP3 Is The Man.
Very cool strategy: funds expeditions & captures the journey to tell their brand's story
i need the next 12 days to fly by, no joke, put wings on them
RT : have you tried in the #DesignDistrict? Best Menu in Miami. Simply mind blowing food!
RT : Happy 68th anniversary to former astronaut & U.S. Sen. John Glenn & his wife Annie.
Sequence is the highlight of our game night. States & capitols version.
We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact
will do! :-) how about you,doing anything fun this weekend ?
says "I'm good at my job because I don't care about art"
practice... It will probably come natural once you try
Oh yes we did! Hope you're doing well. “: Sounds like you two had a great night!”
OH: I hope I at least break even today. I really need the money.
It's just one of those days...
Happy Birthday from me and your Chicago fans !! GREAT Glee last nite!
Wow, is in Assisi today - I rode there a year ago! Bellisimo.
the best is when she says " Jesus was in a dunky"
Yeahh..Jake creeped me and 's awkward convo ... which made my day<3
watching lightning strike over the ocean
Come one come All.. Well maybe not all but 7 more. #Model s we need your expertise in a high fashioned calendar.
“Think of the USP as something the consumer takes from the ad, rather than as something the copywriter puts into the ad.” - Rosser Reeves
#tweetleak this message was leaked exactly 2 minutes before we had planned, damn interwebs!
aww I miss my wife! :(
....you must go to NOW...i've been waiting for a Dawson's reference....it feels like christmas
RT : We worry about what a child will be tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today. - Stacia Tauscher
Blazers need to fill the 15th roster spot. Ask Mr. Hustle 25 if he could come out of retirement.
I'm so excited for all the new things that are going on in your life!
looks just like you haha
Embrace peace in this moment.
post a pic. Let's see
Which province?
#smwbake BEST COOKIE
I'm at so can get his free meal for Veteran's Day. It's packed!
#UMass proud!! Cruz!
Just finished new track "Soul Jack" for Stealth Records. Will post a clip soon. Bombs on the way!!!! :)
scrambled egg and half a grilled cheese!
Hell yeah aha ": that looks good :-P"
I care to much and Idk why
if that weren't true, music in this country would SUCK
Midlothian Costco opened this morning. The store looks fantastic! Fully stocked with merchandise and friendly employees.
you should follow he has a great voice and look for him on YouTube his name is Dylan Hyde he's amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let's close this bad boy out!
In the case of, You are the father
Hi Sally, I wish we were still friends
then you should be good to go according to buddies over at Mozilla (not so secret Google dept.)
I know my reputation with automotive journos gives me cred with automotive influencers, for example.
At least your fire alarm control box hasn't been sounding intermittently even tho twas reported 4 days ago.
Congratulations to the chili peppers for being inducted to the hall of fame!
More than likely one of the most useful commands your dog should learn is ‘leave it’
damn that sucks :/
Laker fans continue to talk about #HeatNation when the games over. Worry about your sad ass team.
If you're watching the Blazers game tonight, and have no one around to whom you can bitch about Felton, I'll be liveblogging for the Mercury
M cooking channa masala, basmati rice, masala dosa and coconut chutney and New Grist gluten free beer - you reward for filming
www.risenmagazine.com: illusionist Danny Ray, artist Shepard Fairey, runner Mark Creer. Share Risen cuz we’re just getting warmed up.
if I had to choose, it would have to be stinky breath
Dust-soaked burners slowly trickling back from the playa into the foggy cool Haight. Welcome back, burners. We held down the fort for you.
Hunger Games Rock!!! RT this!!!
i dont know they blocked me from seeing it
Can I get to Mt Washington via downtown by way of 83s?
Thanks 2 our huge audience last night&our guests Amstel comic Lisa Ann Walter,FOX News Jennifer Griffin,NPR Greg Myre&singer Elan
i dressed like such white girl today...
bring the lord to them.
Bitch Nuggets .
Fascinating examination of images of Lady Justice by Resnik & Curtis - tweeting from
How do men sort their laundry? "Filthy" and Filthy but wearable"
what Momma Litt doesn't know won't hurt her
u r flawless and so kind u r my role model <3
If there is a God up there, he has been punishing me lately. Please stop. Tank you.
then they get so nervous that they shit themselves :/
be right back, sending you a Farmville request.
would love to share my end of life handbook with you
heyy girl have a wonderful day tomorrow
Nice view to wake up to. Good Morning!
Good News...Ms.Ramona, the only thing that gets me through any day.
Blasting The Jimmy Castor Bunch- ”Triglodyte(Cave Man)” ....
crust for crust. it's a deal. you let me know when you're ready to do this.
The best thing about being multilingual is pretending I don't speak English when some jackass tries to hit on me.
I'm great thanks :) wbu?
Looking forward to the starting the season 1-0 tonight against division rivals, #GORAIDERS!
aww man I'm sorry! I didn't see you :(
I want her to choose but I don't want the brothers to split up like omg I have a feeling though that eventually
How do u dance to this kid?
RT : I think my house is haunted :/
#wordoftheday Triskaidekaphobia (n) fear or a phobia concerning the number 13. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
We're very pleased with how it turned out!
RT : RT : God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind.
If life was a stubborn mule contest, I'd be ruler of the free world.
watching build Ikea stuff live. I have a feeling he's just as bad at it as I am.
aww (: Jamaica is amazing, but we've spent most our trip at the airport dealing with getting luggage back. So fun.
2 day is a gud day.
What do you buy a fan in Cleveland? Browns gear now that the cavs are going to stink up the joint
^ Should clarify, our script made "Top 15%" at #Nicholl last year. Yay. Just found out.
I wish I still did photography... But I know a few people who may know Chicago photographers
Who is Chef Blackhand?
Who's up and bored
Time for that hoggish 10:21 P.M. spaghetti feeding.
"Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something"
great show at Higher Ground!
Albert Pujols gave baseball fans a show congrats to him, but I'm still rooting for the
great wonder if ms. Bitch is here today!
I hate when my fone dies when I'm in thee bath...
“: Eli..straight cash homey” 4th quarter king!
#YouWasSexyUntil i found out u had a crazy baby momma...
y u say that pacino
RT : Shoot- I missed your call last night!! << SHOULDN'T YOU GUYS BE WORKING?
And then Satan said, "I will put a One Direction member on both sides of the poster."
Finally on the road!! Fukk wit me!
"Omg, I jus stood up for the first time, my feet SUCK" lmaoooo poor thing
Thanks Russ.
Cena killed it, well done.
At lunch... Not in the mood to hear from you so please quite calling.
Wish I knew how to make my food taste as good as it looks. These crab cakes are amazing but they look a mess!
"I am human and I need to be loved!" -MIW
Prepping food. Firing up the grill soon.
That was the dumbest hug ever..
We're finding that much older adults want help understanding online video and podcasting. They want to participate too.
Do smelly people realize they are smelly
Cute. Is ISU gonna win?!?
oh. Hahaha. My bad! I thought you were driving!
your cowboy is not anonymous we just don't know his real name
Serena Williams, Rapper: Listen to the Tennis Player's New Song
So don't vote for her. But spare me the histrionics about her job. She busted her ass for kids, not HMO's.
I've had better mornings
Today at Noon Doll!!
whats good in the hood peeps
i wish, but they did heavily influence my musical tastes as a teen
We're better off friends.
I didn't even have to overseas. It's in Virginia, too. I seem to be the only one in the family to catch it.
Cher can I get a follow plzz I love your song Swagger jagger and I want you back they are the best
To the person who cooked fish in my microwave last night and left it...FAIL.
Attention ETSU Students! Be on the lookout CONCERT POLL IS GOING UP TOMORROW! This survey is for NEXT SEMESTER'S concert!
Happy Thanksgiving #PackerNation! I am thankful that twitter lets me connect with #Packers fans everywhere. #GoPackGo!!!!
RT the words(you know) is used everywhere you know it is like the new saying.person:i can't go on you know, that car is so cool you know
please don't !!
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
this saturday was lame
Feeling good :3
RT : A pool is one of the top searched hotel amenities but often the most underused. Do you take time to relax by the pool when on...
Yep, for those of you who asked, that was me on Modern Family again
Do I make you nervous?
Thanks. I would but it's hard to when you feel like this about someone. It's hard enough to go just a day without her. :/
Nm tv u?
Winter???..what Winter..
RT : Come learn more about NMAP with #AmericanU students tabling today outside Mary Graydon Center from 11am - 2pm
Makeup Makes Women Appear More Competent What Malarky!! Does it do the same for Men?
First words of sentences and proper nouns think capitalism is awesome.
yes you do. I've played a bit around Gaylord and hope to do more exploring.
Hey everyone, who is going to #ALA11 ? I am looking forward to the great restaurants, people and a spooky night time tour of the city.
Love it so much when argues with !
RT : Help support women's #heart health! will donate $2 for every RT of this message to up to $250K!
I like the bespectacled pelican the best. I found mine while making scrambled eggs. Cracked open an egg and it slid right out.
you know he always close the doors that are not important!
D'Angelo is performing wow where?
wonderful to meet you at the GBK AMA gift lounge. I hope you enjoy your gifts. Kerry from
Dear summer, hurry the fu*k up.
Lots to do today and only one meeting = high possibility of increased productivity
Were you in Denver today? I swear I saw you and Bill (or your doppelgangers) walking down the 16th Street Mall!
You're a Prince in my Twitterdom--thank you
No More THUNDERDOME!! 11 Weeks on top and we loved it! D Swan will carry on.
I am tired of ppl quoting the same shit damn find something different
Sorting out guest room for MIL's visit, wondering how two people (yes, us) own SO MUCH LUGGAGE. How did this happen? Where can I donate it?
At JCK, sparkle sparkle! Need a nap now!
So I think im gonna be here for a while (': -dannah
Time for dinner =) Chicken pie =D Great Saturday, yeah =)
i so miss fiesta chicken nachos! Horrible part of not having Taco Mac down the street....
hahah it is to me I'm such a fricken health nerd. I just can't focus on this stupid outline
There is an exciting birthday at the house of Habit today! We have a leprechaun in the house:) Happy Birthday Pam have a FAB day!!
In case you haven't seen Downton Abbey's Behind the Drama, it's on PBS now. 1 hour long. YAY!
Ready to go out!
National Lab Day is coming up fast (May 12th)! Email to tell us what you have planned to celebrate!
Did you receive your Gold ?
Sounds like a perfect plan. : )
things that aren't my favorite - being scammed.. not.a.fave
c " Chew this!
GoodNight iloveyou. k? ♥
People hate it when ur betta than them . They ain't hating , start worrying then.
Much love my dude! Appreciate ya!
I love how he used Wing Dings for the font on his album cover
Snob. I love that about you.
Late night homewoork. Listening to Peyton's EP.. It just makes homework so much better! :D <21
add me stream account on xbl. Beatdown stream
This Kansas game is nuts
tell a story! - Top blogging tips
We’ll see some clouds and sunbreaks today and also a chance of rain, mainly in the morning.
S/O to the baseball team for winning tonight, good job boys 💙💛⚾
Consider guest blogs
Mr. Baird gave overview of transportation for families w kids at both schools.
AGREE! RT The cost of farm equipment is insane.
I would've been over no questions asked!!! ( sux)
On the menu....tempura shrimp!
Only 2 jockeys in this high stakes race. Bet on one or the other; don't be sitting on your wallet, 'cause there's way more at stake than WH!
Not excited about new COD. Something is wrong with me or I want to play a new genre of game. Rocksmith?
You have to do what brings you joy, I really don't see the point in anything else.
i must be pretty important to you if you tweet about me often, lofl
Prep baseball game...
haha yeah.. so i heard.. hahaha!
You cut me to the quick. And yet, it's true. :-)
chillen , @ Larry House . On This 2k Ps3
Happy new year!!!!!!!!!!! Only 354 days until the end of the world... again...
a great weekend. Check out this new micro story in the next tweet. Let me know your thoughts, comments, or ideas for a new one. Thank you!
#iq2atheism I watched nearly the whole thing, if the mod was biased, I didn't see it.
Nothing else matters much -- not wealth, nor learning, nor even health -- without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living
I'm officially declaring this month #marchmassness in hopes of being half as jacked as you
Smooth Sound..luv the vibes!!! Eric
deng, Kobe, tony Allen.
The world needs more freed nipples I think beauty should be enjoyed there is no shame in beautiful nipples mine R even nice
appearing at the Big Lake Block Party on September 11th. The first chance for you to hear some new music from "if Only.."
At first dance with my daughter and we just Danced to butterfly kisses...
:) BTW, did you guys feel the earthquake over there?
you're making me
Facebook "Like" taken care of from The Form in #Milwaukee #Wisconsin. Keep the #music love going my lady!
love u always
Really??? Kansas loses by 19.
Already RT : shot I feel that!
Taylor swift is a terrible singer.
That person who's been there for you threw thick n thin <3
I'll get you on a track but it prolly won't be on the album
What do you think "Ally McBeal" was?
Its official Chipper Jones is retiring!
Great series for the Cup. Not an acceptable celebration folks.
Juvenile Law Center attorneys Riya Shah & Jessica Feierman speak today on HIPAA and FERPA at
We JUST made it to #ATX! I would love to connect though about ! Let's DM contact info.
ps. it just cracks me up,that he has over 40,000 followers. The whole following thing can be sad, when 4 many, it's just a #'s thing
Judging a person doesn't define who they are, it defines who you are.
joined twitter
How is everthing looking for Citrix Synergy this week? Excited to see all of the startups.
It's funny how sometimes you can knock out your 2 week to-do list in 2 hours. Makes you feel kind of stupidly unambitious.
guess who is going to ninewells for a week!.
See what happens when you find a stranger in alps?
Way to go!!
Great write-up on the #LFCkit launch, being passed around the office this morning.
Thanks, Marina!
Let's get it I'm on my grizzly right now
Watching Austin's old videos :')
Aw yeah!!!!! Let's hope will be there.
Got my summer career bag!!
Today I had a great time with Renee Morgan and the group with 5 Linx. Sarah joined today. I am grateful. Moving forward. Cynthia Harris
Just bought the family tickets to see the Reds take on the World Champion San Francisco Giants this summer.
I am VERY proud of the steps you have taken
I feel like I missed a meeting. Guess I'll have to read the minutes on 's blog. ( )
birthing agendas for technical advisory group meetings
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Le Pan II 9.7-Inch Tablet (Black)
do you guys get credit for people I can get to watch on Hulu?
211 or (812) 876-7175 is the number to call in a personal emergency to "Connect to Help" for social & governmental assistance - JDG
“: I bet you shower naked you slut!” Hilarious! 😂😄
It's a very funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. William Somerset Maugham
that Matt Joyce catch better be a
Barrett says he needs his supporters like he's never needed them before, says there is a lot of work to do b4 June 5
#ucantextmeifuwant really ain't no different then da shit on da other website on thing is u turned it into "texts/call" #Smh friend alright?
Even if the voices aren't real, They have some really good ideas!!!
Im like a psychic when I go out drinking. I wake up next morning to a gatorade & asprin bottle on my nitestand, how did "past me" know ??
RT : "The closer we get to the real people we are, the more we will change and grow." -Elliott Galloway
thanks baby cakes for the retweet! xo
I think we should make some with guitars on them. We could bring the trend back, but they'd look a lot cooler.
Hello to our new followers!
“Ignorance is a cure for nothing." - W.E.B. DuBois // Happy Birthday!
A jazz musician is a juggler who uses harmonies instead of oranges. ~Benny Green
I was given "Texan Caviar" for dinner last night, which turns out is just corn mixed with beans
wanna b a tv co producer - what is something weird bizarre redneck but unique to our area of the southeast...next reality show?
No plays Friday
Right on!
Things I like to hear.
yeah I'll let you know once we figure out details
Well that was a fun night
damit when did the deal start. seems like it all went down overnight. ohwell $36 for 2 days is still a deal...
Gin tasting? I'm on my way! RT : How I'm prepping for today's gin tasting with : 2 Gray's Papaya dogs.
I found HER.
Why is it when you transport something by car it is called a shipment, but when you transports something by ship it's called cargo?
musicians need to be paid to play Perpetuating this idea that music isn't worth paying money to see makes this scene and its music weak
and we found it first!
Go to 59 Canal Street tonight sometime around 11pm. We'll be there partying for Miles' birthday. Bring your horns too!
Third day in a row just being able to lay out in the sun and TAN (:
auditions are just a week away! check out our website for more info: www.2ndclasscabaret.com
“: Rob makes ridiculousness so much more funnier then it already is! 😂👍” bo! Tosh.O is where it's at
Good first game back #NBA. Can't wait for #Bulls!
Cinco de Mayo is your yearly reminder that Napoleon tried to set up a puppet regime in Mexico. Seriously.
I did though have been out of town for a few days and was waiting to get home so I could write you a decent email. tonight.
Crashing at the bedtime house... Too faded... Night twitheads
Do you overshop because it's the lesser evil?
call it "my life". It'll sell :)
Because your liberal friends insist that it's wrong to call people cunts and that those who do r misogynist.
how bout I call you after this graduation is over tonight?
fear the deer!
Got it now, whoops.
omg let's get together and watch it !!! " JANE , JANE " chill Mr. Rochester ....
I'm at the hospital. You hurt my lips....
hey i luv yo song! #get lo!
of course :)
What the fuckington
well, I didn't get a callback.... But good luck. I think they're biased against rock singers...
Got 6 pounds of coffee in 4 different flavors for Christmas. I think I have a problem...I don't have enough coffee pots.
Well, Bielema gets all the money for my hard work. ": Who buys?”
I prefer this tidbit of info in picture format. :P
Bumping The Sideline Story Right Now
Thanks for following us
True Shxt Mama ;* ": Oreo of course its my fav, birthday cakes good to though ;)"
Try varying your exercise routine on a regular basis. Combine cardio exercises, strength training, and fitness classes to stay interested
It is uplifting to see and here professional educators talk excitedly and knowledgeably re: effective use of new technology
loving your icon ;) haha
The FOUR month countdown begins! Exactly four more months until 2012! RETWEET this if you're excited!!!
Board shorts today!!! Water is nice & fun surf too!
Half off dinner on Mon & Tues at The Clifton Inn. SWEET TWEET Deal !!!
I can beta, if it is the very nearish future (next three weeks).
#Twitter Shout out to for the
Good morning everyone, I know today gone be pretty good. :)
response! I have kindle. So my books are with me wherever I go. Love it.
council of the rest in peace and then telling them all of the strong survive it's kind of weird...
hey you have a ford raptor right? How do you like it?
HH is 4 the dogs.. corn dogs that is. Loved sitting in the sun enjoying a dog today!
Noel Clarke (Mickey Smith in Doctor Who) came in to eat today, and I was too much of a wimp to approach him.
House on Haunted Hill, 1961...didn't SOUND scary....
Shit poping off at apt2302 oxford ms room mates are WILD. wILD.
Caved in and bought and must say its very cool to stream ANYTHING to my iPhone. Also works in the car!
The empty tomb stories for me are a parable of the resurrection not the resurrection itself.
Thank you for the re-Tweet! How are you??
Happy Easter Everyone!!! :)
Date fail. Guess his game didn't work.
4 months ago
Once again proving the value of proven strategy and implementation steps that work.
I havent been on here in ages.!!
Tonight was a bust on so many levels. *Sigh*
I can't wait til thursday!!
My inbound Chestnut Hill West turned into an outbound Trenton. Yow!!!
Taking it to the Next Level.
acting is a rich man's game
"live well. laugh often. love much"
Yay , my dad getting me a new dog tomorrow (:
Palace Cafe. 605 Canal Street. Corner of Camp st/ Chartres st. I'll see you there.
Yeah there was less than 30 people there.
. Wow you guys are hilarious!!!
Tuesday... is it weekend yet?
Having such a great time with Carla, Sarah, Elissa, Rachel, Jenny, Erin and her boyfriend Phil at my house - swimming & grilling burgers :)
Word Nerd-liness for the day: Entomophagy is the practice of eating insects.
Here's what I'm getting from that: "I want to call all these people my 'friends' but I don't want them to expect me to act like a friend"
Ahh Spanish Grand Prix qualifying on the BBC. Excellent.
I appreciate it!
He want that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake hahahaha
yeaaahh finallyy!!! Can't wait for you to perform :D'
I wonder how old Shabazz Muhammed is?
Traveling to #Disney with #food allergies tomorrow Any last second tips?
are you in Pittsburgh ?
Following yourself now, Matt? Sounds desperate.
is playing in Austin on 3/29. YES :D
I see that I'm still on your mind since you still tweet about me. Resentfulness is
like The China Study
Last day of skool is Friday I cnt wait!!!!:D
I LOVE THAT SONG(:
: So jealous! Have fun and say hi to the stache for me!
I just feel alive .
yeah bro ik. Where you go now?
Sometimes we have to lie..
MT : . "library test kitchen" = design+fabrication+provocation (amazing renderings of poss. library spaces)
I have two weeks to find a place to live! In getting anxious!
just plenty of drugs and alchohol.
"I didn't expect this." Really? has he not been watching the show that came before special effects?
I'm lucky if i can get 3in a day out of a lot of singers. Guess I just work with the wrong people.
40% of my followers are people and bands I don't know, 40% are bots posing as porn stars, and the final 20% are actually people I know :P
Now they tell us... RT : Don't cause your customers pain.
Thanks for following back:)
Optioned one of my spec screenplays! More info on IMDB...
a drink created in puerto rico (meaning strained pineapple in spanish: piña, pineapple + colada, strained) - wiki
-I do this daily at the junior high. Just want to make it better.
I figured. Otherwise I was going to have to fly down there and knock you around a little. Hope you're well!
that's being HUMAN. 90% of what a person says doesn't come out of their mouth. Trust
Thanks for the reminder, David. Great AR use by National Geo....ps.I miss Holland!
may I have it now? :)
Let's party!!! Heading over in 20 min. We start at 6.
So ready to graduate Friday! :) Let's go #ClassOf2012! 🎓🎉
“: Predictions. Let'r rip. #packers #giants” im a Packer fan but im goin G-men over Pack 34-28
It was a bad idea haha 😒 duh lol.
I've been well. Wrapping up work on the project soon -- last day is this Friday. Looking for jobs here in Chitown
I can't decide who I'm in love with more: Mila Kunis or
Stupidity is on the rise just as sharply as obesity, so thinking our way out of the problem might not be the way to go..
awesome congrats you're almost there
Everyone you meet comes with baggage. Find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack.
Information overload. Or coffee overload. Or both.
I want to text someone fun,,, but who? Hahaa
<<< follow my barbie girl. She's so cute n amazing
WOW! OMG! THAT'S HOT!
Nashville bound!
UM starting to slack on your text of the day
I had one of those today watching E run around the house I grew up in.
Thanks for the RTs this week!
I think it's safe to say, I'm obsessed with
If I had all the money in the world I would so live in Topshop (y)
"It's the little things that make the big things possible." -J. Willard Marriot
I saw a sneak preview of "The Pitch" on AMC last night—more proof that the days of the large/mid-size advertising agency are numbered.
Just got my meat CSA from Country Haven Farms this afternoon at
WOW what a great day Pancakes with the Kids & the sun is out & God is in control. What more can a man ask for?
We takin off. No doubt we makin the dream a reality my brotha!
how old are you? :)
just a 100 yrs ago... Titanic happened. :o
Make no bones about it: Strong bodies require the proper building blocks, the ...: DiMarzo has osteopenia, a precursor to osteoporosi...
Damn Whitney... :(
NH Bill Allows Businesses To Refuse To Serve Gays.... what the fuck.
WOW-Baltimore Real Estate Investors Association- $1 DOLLAR "TEST DRIVE" tiny.cc/one-dollar-test-drive
our fearless leader made us and about 500 others cry beautiful tears tonight event. once in a lifetime event
I get a surprising amount of joy from not having BlackBoard in my most visited websites list.
The LIVES of the PEOPLE are not the first priority for MITT ROMNEY. RED FLAG PEOPLE! MITT ROMNEY'S father was for CIVIL RIGHTS and ERA.
back in Boston and getting and easing back in nicely with my down jacket
Thanks!!! God Luck.. Lee
Thanks for following girls :D xoxo
Seriously, The College Game Day crew is the shittiest, least funny combination of sports analysts around ESPN! How are they still on?
he is back
Buchanan on LA's trip to specialist in Vail: "Hopefully they don't find anything, but you have to be prepared for anything at this point."
So you're saying you have a couple weeks off?
Yes, LEE 154 covers material not covered in 131.
"The conundrum presented by popularity is that it has the power to shame music into being uncool."
we are sad you are going but know its for the best!
Ms. Huggins class<<<
Wednesday ladies?
Bwahahaha! I LOVE that idea. I am going to have to try that one the next time she asks to watch Dora.
oh glory saturday...thank god is saturday....xD have a wonderfull day!!
More: "The pervasive values, interests and attitudes of a society and the business structure resulting therefrom constitute a causal forces"
It's not ambiguous to be continuous
Well, Happy Birthday Make a wish today? :)
Well this Raw sucks, so instead I'm watching old ECW vids on YouTube.
RT : Its also important that each woman 1) knows she HAS options 2) understands risks/benefits 3) puts ending the cancer FIRST.
I know, but I look whiter :o
St. Olaf, UWGB, Carthage, Austin, Michigan, St. Norbert, & a few other schools -hope I'm not missing many-it's going to be fun!
teach me haha
Already SO over all of this studying!
It is our Faith that releases God's GRACE
Thx for "TwEat"ing! Good luck :)
Honored to preach for Ps Mandey in Jakarta today-great church-great service-preparing now for 2 services with Ps Niko's son Billy.
haha. Do you say no?
We are back in town after heading down to east cost of Florida for a show. Good times!! Now back to work. :)
you're still a chihuahua!
good job texting me!
Need to dig deep for energy only bcus its party rock tonight
Little bit of delay isn't going to slow us down! Let's go BULLS!
BALLGAME OVER #Yankees WIN!!!!!!! THE #Yankees WIN!!!!!!
Brother for a cocktail and wings tonight?
I totally gaped on that! Stayed with friends in Northridge.
Money dont got legs but yet im still chasin paper
DAMN I NEED A FUCKIN DRINK
In the studio
Time to get it": Been through it all the ups and the falls/ moms working graveyard tryna keep me out the graveyard"
Night out of the ordinary in the OP with out of the ordinary gals! #classysportycool . Mmmhmm
poor Kat Williams too!
#Bacon fat works great in #chocolate chip cookies, too --
that's true. You are very right.
#HCG P2 Tip of the Week! Bored w/ drinks? Use PLAIN carbonated water w/ stevia, like Berry, Valencia Orange, Root Beer Stevia!
Thanks - But isn't it "Biurthdauy" where you're froum? RT: An early (European) Happy Birthday to... &
Would LOVE to - can only imagine how inspiring it is being around the Dr. himself!
I almost didn't recognize you! The new look is fantastic, so bright and cheery.
Just woke up.
were did u get pic of micheal jordan with stacks playn cards use to be ur avi i want dat pic
i just showed my mom the pic. #dope making me seriously hungry again. ha ha
let you hear it. See if we can make some magic. I need a mixtape to be out.
You are a ninja, but your laptop battery isn't. Take care of it to have longer last time.
Thanks Phil! Will keep an eye for the date!
Just b/c you apologized doesn't mean I have to be your friend.Its not a grudge, it's angry and disappointed.So shut your mouth #yougrowup!
"Just slap your labia repeatedly for the duration of the song." -'s Choreographer
I'm reminded that Wordpress Broken Link Checker Plugin is my best friend.
Yes--You log in with your existing account, then enter your .edu address on the sign-up page.
Stanford is playing the Stanford-of-the-East (Cleveland State) on ESPN2 right now.
I wonder if Ashlee went to practice...
pdx that bad huh??
#ff & my newest follower which i happen to love follow all these amazing peeps!
actually you are probably getting more Cretaceous than Medieval.
. A friend may move to DC for the next 3 months. Do either of you have advice on finding lodgings? Thanks so much!
didn't hear anything re: Foursquare. Did you?
Well I know you're design work well now for many years. You are trying at least to be a true artist. Look at Andy Warhol.
via Gus Whalen - "Forgiveness is letting go of the hope for a better past."
Wine tasting tomorrow after the Gibsons party......can't wait.
that's kinda how I felt at first but you eventually catch on quick.
you're a loser.
I had to look at this hoe twice, I was like who he telling I'm at their front door? switch o's on goonz
so your going right????
roger that!
meet me @ da bus stop bioootch after school obv
Glad to see you're a Downton fan. Perhaps my husband will watch it with me now.
u r following like 6 people so how can you judge lol
Not gonna lie, I'd rather have drawn the Bulls too, but especially now...
What do you guys think .. Do the Colts win a game this year or actually end up with the hard to reach 0-16 record???
Champagne & Chickenheadz Bang it!
To add to my frustration, computer delays helped me to obtain a parking ticket @%#&$?!!!! (no comments necessary)
I just remembered someone said "What's an African name?" and said "Eddie Murphy?" and some girl called her racist lol
thanks for the heads up. We will look in to it ASAP.
Your starting to become one of my favorite sports writers...
“Music is what feelings sound like.”
Got one already, thank you!
RT What's left from sale is now free and up for grabs. I have a feeling there are a lot for "free" boxes around CV.
Missing Indiana: I may miss hearing the Hoosier Ag Today Report each morning.
follow me
I love u in your glasses!:)
congrats on the hype from !
Don't waste electricity. How would you like it if I turned you on and walked away.
fucking hate my lit assignment
Congrats! You totally deserve to be FOTM! I'm so happy for you! <33
dude no way it sucks all the time lol
Just got back from driving in that crazy rain near the Milwaukee airport. Downpour.
I know.. ima be surround by people I don't know >.<
The pangs of depression and self-doubt are what I enjoy most about writing.
LISTEN UP. This is a BIG DEAL. Kay? You just don't understand our fangirlism.
It's the only way to go! I just wish more places were dog-friendly!!! ;-)
Wakin up not next to my man i miss him :( and his mom i had fun and enjoyed their company... Now im bk hme bored outta my mind smh
FUCK THAT. RT : That's how you get things done: respect. You might disagree, but don't disrepect.
how was social D???
dont try that shit. I read the first two slides and took a nap.
...Be courageous enough to follow your path of self discovery. You may like what you findout about yourself; if not you can change it!
Happy Birthday To my man Tom Brady...The man the myth the legend...
Today's game is not gonna help Knicks Heat relations.
Web414 is looking forward to talking to the Web Design class at tonight!
Statistic I heard yesterday: 50,000 law school graduates nationwide this yr, only 10,000 jobs for them. Can this be true?
I thought DREAMers keep their legal residency status after they graduate/leave military. Weird if they don't.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you decide to fuck every girl you see you stupid dumbfuck
#games Best Pc Computer Games
No mere idea, I say; a brilliant one. Alas, no MW for me this year--too many other conferences on top. But next year, I hope!
Juliana Force was Gertrude V. Whitney's personal secretary & eventually became 's 1st director
We do what we can.
going to six flags great adventure tomorrow. i hope it's not crowded. - eugene
Can't wait!
I have a headache.....
Nice to see the Rangers keeping Kreider in the lineup despite Hagelin's return
If you show up 25 minutes late to a final exam you shouldnt get a chance to take it
Family Dinner is rockin' a set down tonight. Get thur @ 9 pm to see my bros & I
and greetings from her , I told her what you said <3 and I should give you a big kiss : D ♥♥
Your studying face is so cute
My client United Through Reading is scheduled for NBC Nightly News With Brian Williams Friday. Their producers and reporters are awesome!
People always asking why do dark people get tattoos?..shit cuz we can
Diary queen with my daddy 😊🍦
life can be hard ..if u allow it to be!!`
The true forgotten man on Uk has been Lamb all year long. Not so much tonight. See what a hair cut does for you.
what just happened...I got down on one knee and you punched me in the face?
It has fake paprika and everything!
Let us know what you would like to see in a best in class villa rental website?
And curling!
Should be fine. I've had to change what I'm doing (and scale back my ambition), but I'll be able to post by tonight.
I wonder what the average active lifespan is of a personal blog? Mine has been on its last legs for quite a while.
How u been mami? :-)
lol you could have told me ;D jk
I am doing nada today total chill mode besides my body is aching I need a massage
I know!
invited dress tonight! I'm looking forward to the time in Robert Ead's backyard.
wow no wait! cheated! Had two goals that should of been called offsides!! BS game!
Who is Chulk?
thanks for the rt. hopefully more to follow
A large percentage of potential home buyers decide whether or not to look inside a house based on its outdoor appearance
Day Two TLG starts with Joel Kotkin keynote on the Evolution of Urban Life
"Jonah if you dressed more like a guy blahblah..." excuse me? I'm wearing jeans and a tshirt idgi. smmfh.
Why are press checks so fun?
where is tonight's event?
Yo you was performin this swagg ass track at club TRU this thurs...sum like Pull up in dat "White Ghost"..
Make today worth remembering
Y'all don't understand I'm already on the job forreal.
Feel like i should be in vegas #acm next year?
Ok, Ditto's, Modesto...Do me PROUD!
At least they knew enough not to toss their Margarita.
ah mine does that! when it goes back on it'll be low battery, its so annoying
I know how to fishtail braid :)
