Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to One Tree Hill online streams on HD
New on DVD and Blu-Ray: Priest, Something Borrowed, Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs Evil, Jane Eyre, The Conspirator + More! Thumbs Up or Down?
Waiting for the #GOP endorsement from #latin builders. Some R mad #MittRomney a no-show. We'll see.
All of this technology is making women more insecure than ever before. -Ling
all your scars won't heal till you let go. you're perfectly worth it, forget your mistakes.
awh cutie c:
Jesus says: "Will your heart and soul say yes...will your Spirit still say yes? There is more that I require of thee"
Cruz control!
NO!! My favorite show!!!!
threw her in the chipper cause i aint feelin chipper, she be sleepin with the fishes, swimming with the flippers.
i rarely am... for whatever reason the chitownm meet was WAY out there. do u work at bobchinns or something?
yo quis good game last night bro reminded me of '06 mavs
Where are you Andre wanna know
My headphones are like my own personal "DO NOT DISTURB" signs..
In fact. I would like to thank all the #teachers who inspired, helped, nutured, and made me a better person.
That awkward moment when a package says easy open.. And you end up using scissors, knife, hammer, 5 shots from a gun and a lightsaber.
With all the dead celebrities recently... BIO should start a show called 'Celebrity Autopsy.'
NO I'm not Fat I'm cool... Like a cooler.....
nothing wrong with that. hard not to root for a #RedSox/#Braves world series.
My devil's on speed dial every time I take a wrong direction.
text me qurlllll ;D
I think divorce is extreme. Every marriage has it's rough times.
Have you been told your child needs eartubes? Hear what Dr. Magit has to say, TODAY at 9am on SD 6 San Diego Living!
We love sexlena
2 PROFESSIONAL BARBER THINNING HAIR CUTTING SCISSORS :) thinning hair
F Cheater! Had the nerves to accept that award after he got caught.
Looks like we've got a situation, that's what the sitch says in the intro to the shore, there's no more Ted's door only
#lessexcitingbandnames The Stationary Stones
Being alone in a Tinychat is freakin' awkward. <.<
One more day left in our 21-day challenge. How are our yogis doing? How do you plan to celebrate your hard work & perseverance?
Congrats to Andy Celemens for winning the first #TreasureTuesday Quick Fire challenge.. Well done
Not only did I find the candy store, but I also rediscovered the awesome French bakery nearby & found the liquor store NEXT DOOR!
I give up on you.
loving Fashion & Beauty blogger roundtable
If I feel like your text msg isnt saying anything.. Then i dont txt bck
youve known me for like 7 years... You know i dont think like that..unless you invite me you know i wont be going..
NASC taking off! If the potential isn't already apparent within 2 minutes of the open then it could prove even more to us throughout the day
Someone told me I look Asian
Wasn't me either! There can't be a triplet...Indy is too small for 3 Keesling gals
I think that you are in love, enjoy it while you can, I think he is smitten
maybe next time I'm in town!
Seeing progress in my work outs lets see what i look like when June comes
would've made the meeting and sandwich much more tolerable :-)
Blackburrrry Double Chocolate Brownie. Get Two Beef, and or Polish Beef sausages for $6
ahaha another time ;)
More writing with the guys tonight. I can't wait til Thanksgiving!!!
Finally done with Finals, the stress and headaches can now be put on hold for the next 10 days.. Spring break here I come.
Hopes and Dreams?
lookin forward to our parade Saturday. Gonna rest up Friday night. Gonna be a big one!
Desire a #nude discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
Happy Friday wilderness supporters!
Critically Acclaimed ENT is proud to add Young Bravo to the roster. Big things coming. Never heard a lyricist quite like this.
I find 's observation true-any government that wants data for national security will find the power to obtain it
It's not that I need someone just because it's Valentine's Day, it just reminds me of how lonely I get sometimes
I've been that person (shudder)
i thought u had to work?
definatley...first dream on my list...LOL
Hi! I just moved to San Diego, and stumbled on your REALLY funny Youtube video of your morning shake. I'm an Isa Exec too!
Still plan on seeing the Avetts in September?
Building a syllabus...still building a syllabus...still building a syllabus...
Tomorrow is Friday the 13th
We wish we could of had Jeff Bridges sign us a bowling pin as 'The Dude' in honor of our favorite movie The Big Lebowski!
Why am I so tired
RT i <3 going to shows. i just never have the opportunity to go....
We will be sending out our monthly newsletter. We are giving $100 to the company that can predict the rockies season!!!
If I was Jack Dorsey I would punch Zuckerberg in the mouth. He gets off with parole and can afford the lawsuit.
Now dats crispy wit tha blade
absolutely! let's do it...when and where?
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho say swag
IAm on a money making mission in my location..Dawgg
thank you! =)
ideas for our next contest??!?
will be flashing some goods to Beer-Con attendants at Tap Haven. Register now!
Philanthropists also buy TOMS. Perhaps you should invest in a pair & coordinate Twinsies Day at the office w/
Beach or Galveston in the morning! :D
You are quite welcome. was the least I could do.
Fox news all the way happy new year
this can go on and on ;-) I was going with "is the song good enough to make ANYONE sound good?"
Hahah is It About Arby's??
I can already tell you that you are, it was so sad
Just 270 more Follows come on people we can do this!
835 pages? well that should take care of one flight
Mindspike can improve your social marketing with our new media tactics. Give us a call!
Rein in real estate speculators
Just hangin out in our hotel room :] hbu?
I miss #Aruba. , when will it be time to go back?
most definitely...happy birthday #PaigeTurco!
jealous. Of. Zingermans. And hastac too.
Got home and David helped me carry my books. I said: "Thanks you're the best" he then looks at me angry and says:"momma, I'm not a pest!"LOL
Im drunk. And I just stood next to Taylor for about 5 minutes while he drank some hanson beer. I may never recover.
Hold yourself accountable, Hour by Hour.
#sxsw wore me out already. Happy weekend guys!
RT : rodney had a bullet head! Not your type. Eww. <<<<haha!!!
Just ate some bread on top of my martinis. Alcohol abuse.
I love the weather just before it starts to rain. <3 :-D
If legislating who can get married is more important than helping people find/get/keep/create jobs, then your priorities are fucked up.
OH "Every morning I just can't wait to get out of bed and start the day"
He has not 'given in'. He has no control over congress.
#WhoIsIt? Who's this girl Harry Styles is in a relationship with??
Hey looking forward to hearing Justefan Band on Friday! Gonna be sweet!
um WOWZAAAAA!!!! Teach me how to duggie please :) BAM!
Today's writing motto: “It isn’t enough for your heart to break because everybody’s heart is broken now.” – Allen Ginsberg
wow :o lol
morning Kristy, yep gotta love this southern heat. Wouldnt trade it for anywhere else.
Wait, did I miss something? what happened to ?
I want in!
Also (I'm sure you read the comments), I was really hoping Iloka would end up here. won't be around forever
It lives up to all the hype, for sure. So, yeah, welcome to Hell aka Baltimore.
I hate when ppl call me & put me on hold 5 seconds into the conversation! Ugh why u even call?!
Caradine on Mental tonight, they didnt make any mention of his death. No respect at all...
Boston needs a Nandos. please? x
Yes, the hosts time, expense & efforts should be reciprocated similarly w/ a desirable invitation of comparable value,
I was hoping you meant the exit.
Now that football season is over I have my Sundays back for photography Look out Cambridge MIXED DOUBLES QUILTING BEE
Thank-you for the retweets
"There were 3 standing stones at the center of a wood. Their grey skins were quiet with moss. Not even the tallest trees knew their names."
really, is it that boring?:o
#thebestwaytoleavefamilymoney is to make an account with their name on it and when you die they will have an inheritance just a thought
Thank u 4 following me if u r a mom Happy Mothers Day 2 u
D'ya think there are any of them Maynard bottles left @ WF?
Everybody at school was either high or on crack.... either one same thing! ;)
I'm not gonna sit up here and feed you my life story
Hey ! Happy #OpeningDay !
Game of Thrones gets first win w/ best supporting drama actor to Peter Dinklage
aw! I wish I was off
5 Questions From The NFL Draft « CBS Charlotte
thank you :-)
UM... i just saw the video for Whip My Hair and i think that girl needs to WASH her hair back and forth.
RT If I'm going to be successful,I'm going to be successful as myself,I can't be successful doing what other people are doing
I was gonna tweet about that yesterday we had too much damn fun Lmao
ah, okay. i'll call tomorrow night then. Enjoy your game
Ouch!! Looks painful!
Thanks as always for having me. Enjoy it.
On way to daytona 500 with !!! neber been to nascar race b4.
I can't even feel my face rn...going to sleep okay bye.
#slcwebinar diversity in your networks is key; correlation btw diversity and innovation
Badgers r listening to their BAD music before they take the ice for warm ups. Watever happened to ACDC or GnR?
thank you <3
"Tools,training, access & infrastructure" Will they be delivered equitably? All kids deserve resources to learn, live & thrive in 21stC.
sets sights on U.S. networking Market, contact us if you would like to save some money on your current networking projects!
#life "Have you ever felt so strong that it made you feel weak? Long days long nights and you just can't sleep." --How To Fly
If you are in MKE, look west. I forecast 36 minutes of the most beautiful sky we could ever deserve.
Emma Clark in 2016 is a serious possibility on a presidential ticket. Ya heard it here first folks.
killing it on #TheLayover congrats…awesome birthday gift today.
I KNOW! I'm going to camp next time you guys go!
Good to meet you today! Stop by GGU for a visit anytime.
.... Don't feel too hurt when I drive to Canada, pour my milkshake on your head and smack you.
right 2 focus on educ, especially 3rd grd literacy - but this will require strengthening IA's early childhood system
I have NEVER seen a hashtag get spammed this badly before. Cra-zy.
Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy birthday to you. Hope you're having a good day with lotsa drinks! Love yooh
2day was such a slow day at work, it was so slow the manager made us start decorating early for x-mas, ugh I hate decorating!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Next Friday imma order them shorts
btw, apartment hunting is a war and I'm losing.
June is pretty tight w/ all the festivals and the hollywood fringe opening. Will let you know if I can get down your way.
never doing a 6am flight again
. wishes they were cool and mysterious like us!
I have so much more respect for you after today.
I love you so much macenzie I am going to get you a present :)
No time besides AMRAP just get it done lol
PJIII is to RGIII as Big K soda is to Coke-a-Cola
Did Zayn do a twitcam or something. I miss everything.
Because you sendin me all these one word texts.
Many thanks to for KSN piece on #ict2dc. Thanks also to for the great chai, I mean, location for the interview.
Hey Carter, curious why you find the concept so crazy? Even more curious about the outcome… Bon appétit!
time for work!
I like it when you call me big papa ... Oh wait ...
I wish theres like a day so i can wear my laker shoes, laker t-shirt, laker hat, laker headphones !!!! #LALAKERS <3 RT if u agree !!
ah yes. Dr. Rhodes UCLA is an advisor for us. Different set of rules when crimes happen abroad don't you think?
Or an owl.
when the hell are they gonna invent time machines?? #manonthemoonbutnotimemachine ?
i wouldn't be shocked if they passed an ordinance that the poor need to breathe different air than everyone else
Wow, great pictures. We're glad you stopped by!
So basically Braxton from the Jamie foxx show is a bum
Couple of students reporting that "Mifflin moved to Langdon" as a result of the police presence
no wonder it is beer o'clock before noon today!
You know I'd be there if I wasn't at work bro!
www.thevirtualpiano.com so. much. fun.
I love ur face and ur baseball team. :-)
Ima Wild Girl!
Having a kind of night
Happy Valentines Day everyone ;D<3
milk and oj sounds like a great concoction for getting diarrhea lol
yes. All that noise is just the rearranging of their poker table
is sure busy in the twitter universe today :-)
awesome! we hope to see even more up and coming #directors and #actors this year!
.|+_!| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
good morning Abs 😍
Everyone have a cute smile:)
#WFSAScriptTip If your characters seem to sound the same as eachother, step back and re-write a bio for each, be very detailed and USE them!
How great is this, My 'puter on split screen: Twitter and , & on TV. This is the best of three worlds!
RT : There's now 7 Billion people in the world? FML.
See me in the hood the Gangsters sayin wassup ? Ayyyy ...
Nice! These are for Opti790s, max 16GB. Funny thing about running dev workbench VMs on your workstation - need more RAM!
enterprise app store talk....sounds familiar.
Funding levels are rising to run our #DreamAct ad in AZ this primary. Help make it a reality!
Fire officials say a man in Lexington tried to commit suicide by ingesting cyanide, which prompted a HazMat response.
RT : Keep people out your personal business ...it's simple 😉
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
Yes How old are you?
usher - dot com jammin'
Just caught up on your tweets... I clearly need to hear the rundown on your weekend!
This occasion calls for a cigar and a pint of Guiness
My mentions right now tho <<<<<
a repost in feed button would be nice!
Gettin back on that writing tip
this week is my fuckin week :D
Because if you don't go you just end up reading the #heweb11 stream all day from your desk wishing you were there
followed you! Follow me? JakeVineyard
Go forth today victorious for there is nothing outside you that is more powerful than that which is within you.
Buying 's album "Making Mirrors" today. Listened to every track online. I MIGHT be obsessed.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs, thank you for the incredible path you created in this world of technology that will be continuously followed &built upon.
So high and I aint even Blazin.
My mom cries over ever damn show or movie
Cherry almond smoothie Can't wait to inhale this. ;(
Okay, so the vendor offered to share their framework for wrapper, compression, proxy choices, etc 4 use with any vendor, redeeming
It was 80 and sunny this morning, now it's hailing.....
I wish Kobe was not a Laker
Listening to is a great way to start the day.
Why Do you Tweet?
I don't disagree but the use of the "We Are..." slogan is a gross appropriation of a meaningful message...
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy nick cannon
Should #CV have a spay-neuter law? Come to a public mtg Sat Oct 29 (tomorrow) at 9 am @ City Hall, in conference room in lobby. 276 4th Ave.
tough call
will do. Any style imparticular?
You deserve more than I have to offer.
Our Wine Night is on Tuesdays.
... and of course, their 'experimental' record: LSD.
She doesn't show up in my recommended friends... weird?
aww girl, I love you too! I think we made a teensy bit of progress :)
just beat gahanna. i (> winning
will always be in the grade level above him catagorey :)
Disconnected right after and I beat The Butcher. lol
In honor of Mother's Day, I'm going to empty the dishwasher. Yes, I'm going to EMPTY the dishwasher.
I think there's an element you're not getting here...
thanks ! You sounded great yesterday!
I got u too
#SomeWomenCantStand being lied too.
Watching Coachella live from home > being at Coachella
JUST GOT DONE LISTENIN TO WHO DAT ON THE T.V..... PRETTY DOPE
I'm drawing something for
Wow. The file was interrupted. Why was the file interrupted?
And yet, you can probably go to a Gawker site and read all about blow jobs. See how this works?
Look After You - The Fray
taking it back!! #Noscrub!!
Call me yo daddy,yo superman
I'm never gonna be happy. With a stupid bitch like you in my lie. You make no fucking sense.
how does it feel like hanging out with Cody again?
I would be down for that. I love road tripping to stadiums
yeah :) and where ya heading to?
New iPad Works on AT&T LTE
When You Think About Me Text 143 That Means I LOVE You!! xx <3
A Loss For Words + Till Night Falls + Goldmill and a bunch more @ Rock Bottom Tonight
Aww well if it makes you feel better I haven't been able to get it yet either.
should bring ME ice cream...
thanks. I mean archiving important details for future retrieval
My bday today
Good morning!! It's FRIDAY!!! Finally.
You see folks
iPhone Users: IOS Update 5.1 is Available If You Dont Already Have It, Check For It..!!
boo! sausage fest
it is very fun... I am sure you miss it! I leave for Canada tomorrow early so really do need to get things done...!
Enjoying some great wine tasting
Finally watched "Page One: Inside the New York Times" --- fascinating look at the world of print news media. Very important messages.
The spiritual life cannot be made suburban. It is always frontier. - howard macey
i voted for you :D
God morning my Tweets and Fbs!!
EPA has levied four pollution actions in Lower Valley - Yakima Herald-Republic
please follow me and please add me on oovoo....you will make my day
Everything in time...
Los Angeles Friends,I will be doing a presentation at 605 W. Olympic Blvd., Suite 610 tonight from 6p to 8p on SRS & transgender procedures.
Third Windows update requiring reboot this morning. WTH?!?
i b up there everyday p
Anyone know how to use GoogleGears w/WordPress? It's enabled, settings in WP are good, but when I go to the page offline, get page not found
:D i'm soo happy !
It's time to put a fork in it.
Jealous. Spotted catering truck behind Langford.
Wife just called Brandon Weeden an "old fart". He's 28. The same age as both of us.
its called talent!
do you think of me at all? the words/meaning/emotion to efflictim is on another level.keep up the work
honestly if you buy your subscribers or followers i feel sorry for you
please stop!! I'm starving
Love this man, too funny!
Plastic eggs stuffed with thongs...hahaahaahhaa. I'm gonna be 40 and my mom will still be giving me Easter baskets....
Yes, I sometimes fail, but at least I'm willing to experiment. - Bono
you mad cause I don't love you back. Come on now.
hey seren happy happy birthday to u!!!
Launched new topic of discussion #old Ed & the new job and financial market your voice be heard.
Help! I'm going overseas until NYE - why can I only freeze my account for three months?
Lunch=jog
Do you think its rude to puke in the trash at the doctors office or do you think they expect it?
Perfectly understandable.
Sinus headache 😖
IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN BEING IN Javier Covarrubias COMPANY'S CALENDER, CONTACT HIM FOR MORE INFO
Who wants a phone call or skype :D ??? CMON I DON'T BITE :D
love ya
I don't need rufies. I can be had for a single kind word.
What up bichez
Good yo wbu? =) RT : how are you on this lovely day doll
Section 508 standards are actually tougher since refer to old technology. Implement WCAG2 - you're meeting 508.
I don't have the patience for this, but it will be much more expensive in the morning.
haha thanks dude!
We all have to do a better job of maintaining a civil tone when debating issues.
I tweet when I'm not making my employees feel the need to file
The free service will be something of construction! ie. Paint, tile, ect... Can't be too much but will be good! ;-)
Headed to the panhandle: officially accepted a position as Visiting Assistant Professor in English at
you wish you stayed at a small school?
Showing off the #dellstreak at
People say you don't know what you've got till its gone. The truth is, you knew exactly what you had; you just thought you'd never lose it..
We have to.RT I'll leave that up to Double, not sure what he might have going on currently. I'm down, though!
thanks! are u a volunteer?
Got my oldest daughter moved into her apartment at college yesterday
Looks like I'll be spending my birthday at U.S. Cellular field next year!
is anyone #sleepy yet?
Keepers of the Hate
Had a great time today at Art at the Gardens! Thanks Christiellen W and Eric Borremans!
Fast Fact about San Diego: San Diego, California is the seventh largest city in the United States, with 2.5 million residents. Wow :)
": The grass aint so green on the other side now is it?"
2 shows left. A Christmas Story at Kudzu. The last two shows on the family stage... Ever.
...I wish I knew what it was like to feel like that..
Kiss Nikki for me. Have fun and don't end up on the news.
Anyone know if a good site to find a nice duffel/gym bag?
you got that super good hair. But koo.. I still wanna add my pink in somewhere!
I Feel Ya
what u doin tonight we need to catch up without the mustard.
Hi mark!
Baaaaaaah. Im scary.
Successfully passed the hardest semester of nursing school!!! Four years of college down, three more semesters to go.
Well, it's time to go to bed..
I can if you want me too(:
Lol the Clippers, is this real?Somebody wake me up!
And the race is on to get everything done before Obama gets here.
Good first day.. to funny night!
:c at least we will get to party on saturday :) that was another thing i was gona tell you my boss schedled me next week!!!
To #write #fiction, one needs a whole series of inspirations about people in an actual environment, &then a whole lot of work.
Painting new offices in our warehouse today!
The wii is a great way 2 excersise =)
Send button issues is a common post-modern neurosis. I FEEL YOU, DAWG.
Something's wrong w/my TV. The lady on Stossel sounds like Sam Eliot.
Back from jelenas haha was there for seven hours did nails
RT : Congrats Al Pacino on winning an #Emmy tonight! Can't wait to see you speak at #RIT as our Horton Speaker.
I can't believe it took me a year and half to start talking after I was born!!
Wats good twitter
Wow danger having another baby this Bitch is bananar
I might as well offend you further by saying I'd put both "Little Shop of Horrors" and "Little Mermaid" into my top 5 for the '80s
Nothing makes outdoor dining & drinking quite like heavy truck traffic and construction!
Wow. just had a burgergasm when Braun scored that fifth run.
#FF these funny ladies who also just happen to be my neighbors! Life is so crazy like that.
RIP Grandma Gerry. You were a wonderful person to be around. Everyone lucky enough to be your friend or family cherished you.
Hey you're my 1000th follower! (cue balloons and confetti). Thanks!
I can't wait to see Jeezy today
Hi stranger. Hope life is treating you well and you're having grand adventures.
keep up the good work
Let's be real about this shit.
Such a stranger :( did you ever get a new phone?
Tickets to DC Environmental Film Festival are on sale now
um... I'll think about it.
jet life world order #jetsfool, so dope
awesome, congrats!!! it has been raining all weekend so I haven't been very productive.
So true: The way I see it: the more people hate me, the less people I have to please ☺
Was going to spend 160 on curtains and rods in mke found them in ironwood mi for 70 STOKED
Me & my son are inseperable.. only time I'm away 4rm dat lil nigga is when I'm at wrk.
no problem buddy I call it how I see
ManU Report: #PremierLeague Transfer Rumours: Top 3 Targets for the Top 5 Clubs This Summer – Bleacher Report
don't go hating on my boy pitbull!
“: Hate generates hate and that is the problem, two wrongs don't make a right, we have to rise above it all.” // Normalization?!
Other industrialized nations (almost all of them) with more aggressive healthcare policies don't seem to have that problem.
SO FUKKIN TIRED OF EC
Yes. Don't cut it. Grow it out! Gives you power, like Samson. RT : The hair will be cut later today. Any suggestions?
RT : Totally agree, its becoming impossible to manage a page from a mobile device.
Hey, thanks. I think I got it this time, thx. Just learned something new. iPads (& other touch screens) do not support drog'n'drop..
Thanks for the follow and have a great day!
Dear mom,its just like your son to get you lost on your day!Lol 10 hours to #Cuse just left Roanoke!I Love you mommy and Sebastian of course
Thank you for the follows!
10 more weeks until planting time!
Yea Friday, and its even better because today is Earth Day. Do something good for the earth today!! She will thank you later :)
nice meeting you tonight :) I had so much fun opening!
Needs a mani/pedi to make it REAL gay. RT : I've had a busy day so far...brunch and now a nap.
CHILL out bro. haha did you get it?! cuz it was funny...
My only drive for killing niggas on the court was to see the look on my pops face .... He use to jack so hard on a nigga ..
in the EP huh?! Hola at my boys y'all have fun!
One of my earliest memories is making blueberry mudpies w my great-gran! And I probably wanted to sell them. LOL
1D Means Everything To Us
Happy Veterans Day! Thanks to All of Our Veterans
Morning folks...
Lets try again :3
Leaving dentist now. My face & tongue are numb! Best part of visit by far was dentist singing along 2 Adele as her song played on the radio!
RT : "First Date", a hilarious musical Best line: The World Wide Web can get you anything-it can also get you screwed!
Blazers say LaMarcus Aldridge is on his way to Vail, CO to get soreness in his hip checked out. Questionable for Wed game vs Warriors.
Do you have more you can send me?
That awkward moment when you realize your girlfriend is waayyy more badass than you... :]
:) I'm about to be teamgotoschool and sleep all day.
Kudos to and the INNL network in adding 100,000+ ANP photos. Great Creative Commons add, and they look like great shots too!
Good morning ...ready for FIESTA 2012!! How bout you lol???
saw some tweets about big things. thought i would ask.
its a dragon
He know whats best for his ass , aint no playin around .
Does Vandy qualify? :)
District Bar for Blackhawks and Bulls Playoffs!
I think it's more of a wifi fail. But a failure nonetheless.
Wassup Twitter World Kinda Bored Need Something To Do
Like our normal offers? Wait until you see what we've got planned for Monday.
Mauria's presentation was great! Can't look at quantitative data without qualitative-- yes!
YES! Thank you. I completely agree.
I think he's great but there are quite a few hating right now, especially in the states. Dont know why though !
So happy it's Friday! 8 hours of work then 2 days of fun at ! Big kid fun with my bro and my cousin!
Sometimes, I feel like life isn't all it's cracked up to be. Maybe it's just one of those mornings.
ha thanks! Cant wait
Couple of hours of work complete. Now to enjoy the rest of the weekend. Looking forward to supper club. YUM!
It only took 5 seconds for my nephew to ask to play temple run after not seeing me for a week
looks delicious, waiting for my plate???
I need science goggles -_-
Granger: "But it's on both of our shoulders. I have to be more vocal...we have to communicate better."
yeah im goin tomorrow to get s bunch of fish haha this is what im doin with some of my graduation money haha
PickUpLine: First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
ever noticed that there are so many Chiropractors & Physical Therapy places which clearly means that we are one messed up world!!
MISCHIEF MANAGED. "whether you come back by page or by the big screen, hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home." -jk rowling
Oh, darling, have no idea why this is coming up now but you KNOW I feel the same way about you, too!!!!
It's actually where I converted to using my brain. I mean became an #atheist:)
yes. if i lose my job id like 2 move east. have lots of family there. philly or m/b nyc
“If it never rained, nothing would grow.”
We gotchu covered! More cars out then ever before! (206)722-7696
Chick-fil-a For dinner :)
Air Supply: depressing or not depressing?
People change & love dies. You're never good enough & don't know why. Time passes & things go wrong, but just remember life goes on
Adding a new twist to my Mixtape. Hope you guys like it :)
why? and haha sorry bout that
Oh #sharepoint, you devil, I should have known our paths would eventually cross.
Grammar, logic, rhetoric, Arithmetic, geometry, music, astronomy (7 liberal arts)
Have you read "Images of America - Fort Myer" ? It's the first book about this historic US Army Post.
what color should i add to my hair next??
I'm down!
Wanna put $ on the Padres now? RT : Congratulations to the NY Giants and Costa Rica for taking my $150
Like Mrs. Bixby, my mother Betsy gave birth to five sons, John W. being the eldest, me being the second, and Charles the youngest.
You have AIDS. Goodnight.
wow i have 61 followers..how about you guys help me get to 100 followers by the end of the month and them next month 200 pls
I was taught 2 stay positive and always keep it real and I do
Hm...several Blog of the week picks haven't responded to our Congrats emails. Hope our emails didn't go to spam....
Loved my aka nikki minaj time this weekend! Come back to #sandiego soon for some 'beautiful messy' time!
I better get the dedication note. ;)
S/O to and for always making me feel better . Great friends !
Woke up to some cute texts this morning. Sup twitter, morning!
omg I know!! I just wonder what goes on in their heads when they decide what to wear.
Kate Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker will be guest starring on Glee next season. Does anyone care about Glee anymore?
Virginia is for lovers. Newt and perry got a Christmas present they won't forget
Loving the new hair!!
They wonder if I'm hell bound Well hell can't be worse than this, cause I'm in hell now
A day for babies: Congrats to our Virginia friends, now parents to Lillian Frances. Also thrilled for J+E, who picked a great birth center.
RT : #SCIP2012 Rock-n-Roll Dance Party tonight at 9:00 in Liberty Ballroom over breezeway from the Marriott (Please RT)
I'm missing the USA/Finland game. Fucking dammit. Wish I could've called in sick today. =/
hell no but now you know what they think of asian women!
but then you call it GOOD DEFENSE lol
RT : Patio time at Beautiful weather, #Brewers vs. Atlanta at 6:10. $2.00 Miller Lite pints and 1/2 price Pizzas.
Sleep seems out of the question.
This nigga does not stop dancing
fledging and established #actors #writers #directors be the 110% with the new grassroots movement
Kids @ school, me @ work, just got my ". GOV" copyright to my music, in the mail, priceless, I am truly thankful, thanks GOD, yo boy H
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.-Abraham Lincoln
Good thing no one can read my mindLOLOL
I don't know how you do it but you are one of the best character actors I have ever seen
Ravens RE and Defensive Player of the Year Terrell Suggs is out for the 2012 season with a torn Achilles' tendon.
I've seen YouTube videos of that hold. It looks legitimate
fenway park ;)
I'm all moved in thank you Lord
You're in good company w/ + RT : I'm the only Volvo driver who isn't retired/doesn't have 5000 kids
Having to purchase your own book is a bit extreme!
People need to realize how much their hurting other people and they need to stop judging because you don't know what they have been through
Hey Lady, just wanted 2 know if Katie Smith is on MN.?
Be 18, graduated, and have no kids? CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
That is nice, and I bet a huge relief.
What? Somebody has a day off from work? Must be a guy who left the media...
Lookn for a great Bible Study and Worship exp today ! Join us - 9:00 Pulse & 10:30 Traditional.
Are we *ever* going to be able to move beyond discussions of capitalization and abbreviations in #cataloging?! ::groan::
Woah feelin shitty! Who gets sick on a day like today?
RONDO BEST POINT GUARD IN THE LEAGUE!
Better than that! Excited for people to see it soon.
How does some weird tweet come from my name over and over?
Thank You Allen West. You are one of the few who will stand up and speak the truth. We are with you!
seems like your a huge dahvie fan?? Well i am to! <3333 haha(:
hey buddy, Wutsup?!
:) Where have I been? Just dealing with life!
Come on REDSKINS !!
just hearing or seeing your name gives me butterflies (:
We're talking " Cloud for Solutions" in booth #1503 @ 2PM. Enter 2 win a $25 gift card OR a #Dell XPS13 laptop
thank you for the RT!
yes! Great seeing u!
uhmmmm I MIGHT be there haha “: Morning ball tommorow. Waking up at 6 is not that fun! #BobaFett”
#SuperBowl Defense must have watched Seinfeld.
Thanks for the RT! Always appreciate them.
Find your horse. Discover the direction the horse is going. Ride the horse in that direction. -Peter Mcwilliams
just saw the Alvin & the Chipmunks movie. I have participated in American culture. I loathe myself.
I seriously do that everytime I'm at the library to every door I attempt to walk through
I am so amazed to be the one to receive your second tweet!! Come see is as soon as possible.
Hey angel in the snow , im under the mistletoe : )
I wonder if @ WhatevermynewnamewillbeIndy is taken......
that Melo move was dope. And Amare's Dunk was ridiculous. Now Wade is going off
Hi. I was just talking on Simsimi and it told me to follow you. Lol. So, follow back, please?.(:
trust me I'm there !
we are hanging out this weekend! Don't make any plans!
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony? -Leonardo DaVinci
LMFAO I WONDER back then when a girl first got her period would put bandaids on her vagina to try to stop it. Lmfaoo
Happy Mothers Day!
I just finished a 3.43 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
this is number 5 now
they're pretty proud of them, too. That's gonna hurt the wallet. Oh well!
Haha Let Me Text You Right Noowwww. (:
Thank you for all you do for #autism! You are appreciated!
What's the verdict? Hope you guys were able to make it out!
omg guys almost to 1,000 u guys are awesome. i have been in the hospital and couldnt be on! thanks for keeping following me guys b back soon
A girl is at their comfiest when they are wearing a boy's article of clothing.
While Facebook is number 1 in the US, QZone is the rage in China.
It's a montana party out here on the I 84
I know there's concerns about Worthy's effort, but between him and Perry, the packers pass rush should improve tremendously
thought you would like it :) I <3
North shore! Catch us at the greenroom tonight in Covington
Yes. I hear thunder outside!!!!!
This is why I say the issue is systemic and not just cultural. It's bigger than conversations and ideologies.
yes hey do! Cool you will get them going
people touch my face alot...it's weird.
the nest is pretty high up, but I'll do my best. There was a lot of chirping this morning, so I hope there are some babies.
Cereal tastes amazing at 2:31 in the morning.
Omg I seriously cant wait for Ariana's album anymore... Aslkhfgdk!!!!
It's been great! We're in SoCal-let us know when you're singing!
how are you feeling about Dale Hunter?
I ride around with that Nina.!!! 😏
I have a lot but I'm off tomorrow so I'll do it tomorrow night (;
Did someone really just call and give me the argument that gay marriage is a slippery slope to polygamy and people marrying animals?
If your awake RT :D
Savannah, GA!! COME OUT to Sweet Melissa's Friday. Get a mouthful of pizza and some rock-n-roll.
Happy Birthday! Bring the sisu this weekend!
Finished Heroes and I LOVED it!
I'm in FL, too... It feels like SUMMER right now, ugh.
Brad, the hotel is located in downtown Boston and refers to our own Paul Revere and the act of giving reverence to Boston!
Who can beef it up? Ima make a video of a buch of ppl beefin it up. Girls and guys. Dm me
Someone bring me coffee. please. ill pay you.
hey! It wont work for me... I keep getting an error.
I got this feeling.....
no one thats u running around tough timmy. U like to have a spotlight on u. u got it dance monkey dance
And we try, and we fall, and we live another day <3
the other aspect of games is failure. How do we treat F's? We need to rethink fail and retry without punishment.
Been studying for losts of tests, just got medicain after 5 days of having bronchitis and strep throat, see ya <3 :)
We did a bit on how to deal with Cougars on the Saturday Morning News on KXL. I hope the Ducks were listening. Be big. Be scary. Don't..run?
Awesome, Greg! You and I need to talk about this... very timely...
I live in America but super excited for the UK fanmily. CHASING THE SUN IS AMAZING.
had my french GCSE exam today and one of the people who make sure we don't cheat phone went off several times OMG
GoThereDoThis.com is the place for 50% off certificates 4 attractions, services, entertainment, etc! Follow us 2 get up-2-the minute offers
Do you know where tofu originated?
oh yeah... thats right... umm... HAHA! she wanted me to tell u she loves u :) and she loves me more in cirtain ways ;)
Man Cincinnati nasty everybody fuckn each other damn what happened to fuckn only 1
haha.. Well It had to change at some point ( :
Do you want your own INTERNET Business Could you handle it? We will teach you how to market THE WEB...
Good-morning :-) lames
like I said before thakes one to know one ;)
Hey Matthew, would you mind DMing me your email address?
Interesting allergy research. Thanks for passing it along!
In order to get more you have to give more. Show love today and everyday!
it's fictional, so it's awesome!
I was thinking of having a cardboard cut out of me in the background at all times.
Isn't that like the entire school?
Surprise lunch at Gertrude's. Yum.
“ღ Compassion and tolerance are not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength.” ~ Dalai Lama
Don't doubt that (he tweets about bars/clubs all the time), but if it was for something minor, it won't be a season suspension.
yes! I feel special :-)
Btw like your pic. You look like a pit boss or pro racer!!
says "Milk is for babies" in #PumpingIron - What do you think of the #RawFood / Raw Milk movement in Cali?
NOW it's time to RE hit 1700!! ... [for the 3rd time :( ] Please help!! SHOUTOUTS 4 SHOUTOUTS!!
We are wishing good luck tonight at the AT&T Center!
familiar from #Gitomer "Most people will not do the hard work it takes to make success easy. Don't be like most people.
Did you enjoy sxsw? It kicked my butt especially since I had a cold in the beginning
. Zentan's Singapore Slaw is uh-mazing isn't it?? Hope you can swing by soon!
Learn something new everyday... That's the beauty in life :)
lol of course!! Share the wealth 👍
lmaoo you know you love. Mee!
that sounds good. I hope to be a contributor to the life that you want.
Doug Melvins request, FSWI hits the See, Yuni wasn't that bad" hot button showing the behind the back flipperdoodle double play great play
maybe you should begin to trademark some of your tweets, you know like Pat Riley & "Three-Peat".
my lovely followers should follow cos yk, he's pretty amazing. <33 (: lets get him to 8,000 x
Putting my two weeks in at moochie today, I'm so excited to work less this summer and just enjoy it!
Carmakers extend Chinese lineups with SUVs, luxury cars, EVs No one expects China's vehicle sales to rise 30 percent a year anymore, but
Thanks appreciate your views and thoughts. Nice to be able to do this
Yup. His full name is Mice President Joe Biden. Bidey for short.
Can this fan from Tennessee get a RT on her 40th birthday? Best Wishes Always!!!
You mean like a Yeti? Or is that something else! ;) Happy Friday!
good morning! =)
TGIF! “Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.”---Charles Schultz Have a great weekend!
charge it:)
You have to have a forgiving soul in this world!
what phone number? lol
Not as many clear-cut Firefly references so far in tonights Castle episode. Thought there would be more with Adam Baldwin guest starring.
It's a shitty photoshop, but it made me laugh!
Immense unity not found in most communities! RT #tweetforCLE! Why do you think #CLE is a great place to live, work & play?
Does that make me selfish?
It's never #tooearly for IHOP!
Really like gizmo on div. - allows stud. 2 order steps, & comp. does calculating. Great 2 check concept. und.
I think that number is only so high because of me. Well, off to add to it some more...
thanks! I've got some time blocked to read tomorrow.
With the late deadline coming up quick. We're all getting excited to show people this film.
hey will I see you at Balitcon this year?
you missed my speech fool! lol
“: Rihanna's video "We Found Love" has been banned in France for encouraging 'self destructive behavior.'” that it'strue?
I cant accept your apology..
- Just getting back home wit tew da grocery store wit my moms...
you can only come if it will help
Aiming to submit #MCN12 proposal tomorrow late in the day. There is a draft, at least.
RT : Give yourself permission to believe what you want to believe, regardless of past experiences.
It's still pay what you can, people are still free to pay more.
Yes Sir... NYC Club Avanti all Day.
“: Haters don't really hate you. They hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be.” what?!! So real
thank you so much!! so excited for you to hear everything we're workin on! :) xox
Bored any 1 wanna follow me I f
130 more followers n I make it into the 1000. Hopefully I will b able to follow more
where you at fool?
FAMOUS SEDAN is a DBA of WORLD FAMOUS LIMOUSINE LLC., and is owned, and operated by Jimmy Eagle.
just simple hey can make a relationship and ended with bye
"No Chicken, No Check"! That ep was awesome! You were great, of course!
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle!
RIGHT? She better bring that stuff, that natural stuff, that curly or som - SUMMER HAIR. That's it!
I c the blood in your eyes,I c the love in disguise, I c the pain hidden in your pride,I c your not satisfied I c nobody else but myself ...
Just let us know!
Happy birthday to my three loves of my life and !!!!!!!
We are pretty excited about it! We'll have to plan a night out.
agree Kyle. spurs haven't wonanything since they became old and slow. although, I don't see them as that slow this yr
1h25m rain delay at Progressive Field. Game on
i DO say the same of Twitter.
I slept hard so didn't notice until I went outside. I was driving and all of a sudden tree debris blew on my window.
Live your life based on the principles that you believe in. Not based on emotions, feelings, or fears.
My friend, Bob Roden's Live Action film, PLAY BY PLAY Just won the top prize in it's category at the Phoenix Film Festival. Way to go, Bob!
Best feeling in the world: When a crucial source you didn't think you would get actually responds to your email.
what's up nick? What's w all these cities? Not being traded are you?
That's what we thought Heard some other people saw him there as well. Thanks!
3 miles today. Should have stretched better!
So. Aggravated. Let's create, build and work nonstop and then not show anything. #officepolitics. Hopefully conf will be better
Wow why u tired
*hhhcccchhhhh* "it's a bad mothafucka.... when ya bite into it cream fillin' shoot all in ya mouth.... glitta..."
In 1924, the Second Avenue bridge opened across the Miami River. When was the last time you visited #downtown Miami
Hey guys!! Good morning. Today I was to the school, was a really cool. And you? Today is FRIDAY day for Coca-Cola a lot!
fixing my bathroom and hopefully putting bedroom furniture together!
hey your ugly.
It's cute when couples act like bestfriends, same as when bestfriends act like couples.
Waiting on UCF's response is making me anxious , why do they take so long -___-
Ah, spring training in Phoenix. It's been a while. Looking forward to an afternoon in the sun.
Did you know that 90% of women make up the total of cosmetic procedures?
not in as much pain.
Meant temporarily, I need to proofread b4 hitting the enter button...
Out of the Closet, into the Streets
ya dig
The more the merrier!
thats a lesson it takes once to learn
Venue helps I guess...Knitting Factory in Brooklyn.
I really do need to know how much the dolls are?! Thanks.
thats a lie.
if we anticipate anything - we are bound to be dissapointed.
Karaoke night #Stanton Public.. Sounds terrible from my bedroom!!
followed you back:) xx
Forget the debates I was excluded from. My calendar is chock full of candidate forum. Ward 5 wants to hear real solutions to move forward.
Good morning America! Have a bless and productive day. :)
buried the entire day and finally dug myself out 15 hours into the session. finish small winner, hopefully back at it tomorrow.
you're first to me
Filming a Burlesque promo tonight.. Legs, Feathers and Pasties... Oh'My
I need to come back to the A
no - but I was told yesterday that I am one of the signs of the coming apocalypse! (zombie or biblical? I didn't ask!)
where the hell is that?!?
" Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.”
Also, the notion that you would try to deal with the Chen situation expediently so as to not upset talks seems really reasonable to me.
I enjoy both shows for different reasons. Scandal is sexy, political pulp while Revenge is sexy, rich people problems.
You Mess With My Love Punch Her Ya Buncha Hoes Go Home.
thank you for the article. Yes, I will take you up on your kind offer. You make an awesome class guest!
ALL DAY, son!
I just farted big time.
Looking for the best, easiest app for using multiple Gmail calendars on my ipad. Need to be able to turn calendars on an off..
so cute
In Vacuo => In a vacuum or empty space
don't know anything other than it's gonna be a day-by-day decision. I still think they can win without him. Will be hard tho.
My mom told some lady at Debbs that she was gonna slap her and that she was a bitch. Security was called on her. Way to go mom.
Lmao & what abt when it grows up? RT : I want a baby penguin so bad.
Scary monsters and nice sprites>>>>>>>>
"I got the shakes that make ya quake, the fries that cross yo eyes, I got burgers that'll... Well I just burgers."
Of course on the warmest day of the week it has to rain.
there's Nothing like good pho.
I just rt Ed myself. Awk.
Needless to say LaGuardia was not happy with the idea of cops taking money from me but he said it himself that I paid ppl off and I did..
Heard a rumor that taco bell is closing down..maybe its a sign to eat healthier
Bought some really cute Sperrys today!
no problem!! How long have you been singing for?
you are doing a great job! Keep it up.
To our loyal brunchers. Roots will stop seating at 12:30 today. Private wedding to follow. Thanks, team roots.
HAPPY 18 BIRTHDAY !!!! Hope you have fun today!!(:
Its a morning up in here
word? hey hey now.. thru adversity...
$$$$$$NEW PLAY MOVED UP TO 3PM EST$$$$$$$$$$ DUE TO THE RUMORS THAT ARE FLOATING$$$$$$$ WE WANT PEEPS TO GET AS MANY B4 THE BELL AS POSSIBLE
good to see you guys! Thanks for hanging out.
you know of latest real estate genius plans to try to sell the space (along with the SIBL lib), right?
Me and Danny are gonna collab he's gonna make designs for my fashion line lmao
Dave all the way!
Thanks for the mention.
I love how my mom and brother called me to see how I'm doing at work :)
Hope he's got enough flair.....
#2011icf I am at the BrandYou session...
Bless your heart South Carolina. I love all these red states that take billions more than they pay into federal system complain about it.
Green Week includes a homebrew competition tonite , begins at 7pm. More goo.gl/GxRvz.
and Niall has a bigger peeeenusssss
On this #Friday remarkable #sale price for you today in our selection of vehicles in #Oregon!Contact us!www.parkroseautocenterllc.com
finally put a picture of me on hea
New York style weather in Miami today..
Pulling hair and kicking balls is not fighting....its called pussing out...but throwing punches and whoopin ass is fighting.
on my way to meet Heather. Wish you were here, lady!
follow back
The moment u try to open your locker cause u know how to and it took u 13min embarrassing when u show up to your home room andtheylike ulate
“: Beer is mostly water. This is why the water used has such an effect on the flavor.” ...ridiculously untrue.
ANY BLAZER fan, can I get a FOLLOW PLEASE
RT “: Only 15% of the population can wiggle their ears. Can you?” Yes I can, can you? It's quite a talent.
For nothing! :D
Yeah, just did a bunch of unfollowing. Can't stand all these retards.
Thanks for the patience, a little inactive online dealing with a newborn! <3
‎"Knowledge is knowing the tomato is a fruit, wisdom is not putting it in your fruit salad." - Miles Kington
I can't read all of it right now. :( I'm on my phone and it's being weird.
hater: austin mahone is gay me: stfu you low life bitch ass cunt. [:
uff, bet that hurts. and secondarily - what??? all in one sitting?
Hey Nancy, really sorry we let you down :( can you email me with details? supportdc(at)uber(dot)com
now i just need to convince ...
DEAR SARAH, I AM A REPUBLICAN BLACK FEMALE WITH SOME DEMOCRATIC VALUES. A LOT OF FOLKS FAIL TO UNDERSTAND.
Phone interview with Nordstrom in a couple minutes! wheeeeeee Wish me luck
Cut my hair & I'm regretting it. only b/c of this fucking short sidebang that doesn't frame my face properly. I look like a god damn child.
Well said Anthony!
Holy cow! Good to see you here! Happy Tuesday!
2-0 at end of first. #ibelieve we can win three in a row and the series.
made it two-for-two today. Tomorrow I'm going for the grand slam!
no it was opened by the people so boom
grandma always has pickles ready for me at her house :)
“Pour yourself a drink, put on some lipstick, and pull yourself together.” - Elizabeth Taylor. Thanks Liz, advice will be heeded!
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates.
dude you rock.Please let me open for you in the NY area!This is Rich, I played Jeff Buckley at your angels and kings open mic
Having the best day!!! And the sun is evening coming out!
You got this!!!
i need sum followers
Personality trait: down to earth. What does that even mean? Not many people are not down to earth. Now #DTF... Thats much better. Haha
104 or higher...
Hey Brian, Just following up, letting you know the student group's all set for See you tomorrow morning!
In Spain I learned the art of sitting and doing nothing. While in this state, one can solve all of life's riddles in a quiet afternoon.
clpSarah thanks for spreading the word!
RT : RT : <== thinks EVERY girl should experience african american dick at least once in her life!!
I know! So soon!
why would you feel hated?
Happy Friday! Is anyone excited about any movies coming out this weekend?
- hey, are you going to write about Bayocean? Cuz, wow!
RT ": how doing ? Hope She Doing great tho" hi thomas - i am doing great thanks for asking :) we miss you!
the app is $4.99. Comes with Lady Gaga tracks plus 15 other songs right now. Many, many, many more songs to follow very soon
RT : Gods gonna BLOW my mind!!!!!!
Thanks new followers!
Wow. I think I might need to swear off Twitter, Facebook, and local TV stations until after the election. It's gonna get ugly.
The Livingstone Spectral Imaging Project took some decaying pieces of newspaper & used digital imaging to reveal a faded handwritten diary
This week, people are coming out of the woodwork to help me. I wonder what tomorrow will bring!?
thank u maam :-) i wish u can come :/
On a side note, what a great day for baseball to begin its season in the D
Love your new TV ad. Very funny :)
Or a camel (horse designed by a committee?)
one of us is going to learn to cash a bet our ass can deliver :)
Mind you I am supposed to be doing an experiment on "How to Lose a Heap Followers in 10 Days" but people love the ratchetness
done by me nigga :)
Wanna go see Safe House this weekend...
Don't let loneliness, drives you back into the arms of someone you know doesn't give a damn about you.
Puff, puff, pass.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
i really need to holla at ya im dez 7734073812
she should be fine ... i'll find some shade or leave her in her carseat
My new Motivational Audibook, "Dollar and a Dream: Succeed or Die Trying," will be available 2-14-12. Get ready to overcome obstacles and...
Hey Cuzy Poo!! Miss you too! DM me your #
ur so gay
#ideas2action bass: where are the low impact practices (if the high ones are in co-curr)?
I wonder if anyone on the baseball teams wants these posters we made them.
Nice day to cozy up with coffee and cake...looking forward to this mornings tastings...
thanks for the reference material - not familiar with this man's work
Oh well I wasn't even following #amile ... So glad we play duke this year in #Atlanta ... I'll be there!
I'm from the west side of Irondequoit....I'm hoping you're not otherwise I will feel like a HUGE douche for not knowing it
that is so cool!!!
you'll be stressed til the move but once you're there, you'll be fine. :)
Hey! How goes it?!
Great civil debate & insights into the beliefs & opinions from the "Right"
No one knows what he can do until he tries.
Home from Brianna's! 😊 she's eventually going to be the death of me but I love dat bitch💜
Everything is so peaceful.
"i swear he was singing like he was deaf" and yes i am in. what are we doing?
we agree that brands should capitalize on this! too premature though? bad news if they break up
They don't teach you this in library school.
ew don't start with your cursis! But you're Welcome... & thank you too lol ok moment over
Ok, do I need to read The Hunger Games? ( )
Haslem and Chalmers just kill this team...
So a happy-meal toy is illegal in CA but a flamethrower's cool? RT : It's illegal to own a flamethrower in every state except CA.
But "beat the Heat" is a chant reserved for Magic fans, so Indiana fans need to stop using it
don't listen to haters. The knicks need to get everyone to stay healthy and develop some chemistry. Amare doesn't fit well
why is anyone being mean to you? you are a nice person.
Saturday's attendance of 32,862 at Camden Yards, was the second highest of the year so far. Only beat by Opening Day.
so far so good, hope the rest of the weekend goes as good as its gone so far
Busy day. If you happen to know a #youth interested in #entrepreneurship, send them our way today!
no wonder you haven't been on much
oh, is on the case. Thx for the link of reassurance!
#cnndialogues how we treat out people can lead to a national security issue. How our country will or can prosper.
What valet driver steals hand sanitizer?
nice cock yes i am following ur tumblr
Rape young boys. Apparently.
since when is 3 dead and 75 people hurt equal mass casualties? Stop making news worse than what out is!
lol imma throw all my dirty dishes at ur window >:)
atomic structure needs a massive revision of its major summative assessment (the exam replacement one)- and everyone is game
WIN FREE PIZZA WEEKLY from Papa John's Milwaukee! Simply text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal messaging rates apply.
1-10. How hot is Mike Brown's seat at the moment?
of all the music on my iPhone, what is making me smile? "Performarnce" by MC Spandex.
you are AMAZING.... way to make me cry!! <3 you!!
Downtown indy with a flask full fo whiskey, ready for some #sb46 people watching
Dress getting altered it should be ready by friday!!!! Im ready :)
Conversation == Argument, Finger Point == Tense Situation
lmao I do, everytime. Especially when a guy I like ask me that question ! -_-
I got robbed of almost $75,000 dollars!
And so it begins. I will now start living vicariously through my friends.
We are 2 blocks away from the Fullerton stop on the #151 bus. Hop on the #cta and come check us out!
Creating a dev environment for one of my #wordpress sites. Should've done this a long time ago.
If you do I need to custom make you a shoe as your coffin because it was with your feet that you went to bed with himorher
I am so far removed from educational fundraising though, so maybe this is normal for that sector. It still doesn't feel right.
Hi Paul, we have great coffee and great staff. Pop around to Safari Cup - we'll treat you to a free coffee and friendly service.
Me too. He's so cute
Good enough to retweet! RT : its always a perfect time to watch a zombie movie in LA especially when its EATEN :D haha
Lots of America-only features announced at Facebook F8: Netflix, Hulu,...
i love how you can pull off any look! so glamorous! but i get so sad seeing u cry =( your such a great sister! xoxo
The best things in life are not things.
Tomorrow night is comedy night at Catch 22, come join the fun 730pm.
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one... #I'mfuckingsingle
u r too cool for school girl! MClub has nothing on u #bigleague!
should come down stairs
still at the honey comb??
on #Punk'd tomorrow Guess who's watching ^.^
double wrong if that's true than Zayn Malik knows me!
if you know me from school then unfollow me bye
The Rawhide Ranch "I'm Braggin about Rawhide" contest videos are rolling in! Have you done yours yet? Info is at www.rawhideranch.com
I feel like everything is so damn over rated.
sure:)) #followed :)
Its my sisters wedding this weekend!! :D yayayayaay
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
well, it was space, no light, no air, no BREATHING but I can see where that last might have looked like...something else.
One big mess picking up AJ at her MS. Why? Because they don't have any lights anywhere.
Girls need to stop complaining about "all guys" and just be careful of who they give their heart to.
what about 'microblogger'?
I saw West Side Story in 70MM at the Alex in Glendale a few years back. Get into that!
that awkward moment when your ex tells you how much she loves you... in front of her new gf -_-
I already had tensions on leaving anyway atmosphere just wasn't for me jayyer central over there
I dare you to click my follow button
So stoked for . But I'm wondering where is phase 2!
Wherever u wt to start baby. Xoxo! RT so where do you want me to start with ur massage
We can't say enough about NowRecords... More soon, but we're thrilled to announce the hip collaboration of Now Records + Apple Road.
i just went there. pray for me, folks!
killing time. working on busting a nut. then starting my day. good weekend?
Waiting for St. Nick
How To Get Guaranteed Search Engine Ranking
my prayers are sent..
amazon was an idea I had too but might go the spa route. I'm stopping by there Sunday so I'll probably take her out for brunch
Dont crazy for pie ?? What the fuck i ant type.
The verdict is in. Pre order our new Casey Anthony tee today!!!
Wow! The Derby is in Louisville, not Lexington, news correspondents!
and you are special to me
Lots of energy in the room this morning!
YOUR FINALLY PREFORMING WITH STEVIE WONDER DREAMS IN DREAMS HAPPEN TOO!! :)
Second interview much more positive and helpful.. whew. Fingers crossed first student was an anomaly and not a trend.
Be like 30 Rock and get the ax.
with you on that. *rolls over*
they are impressive #'s, so why are they always getting a bad review on company status?
vigil: Sometimes it's hard not to pronounce it /VIJ-oo-uhl/.
I donate a lot of time to a several nonprofit organizations by sitting on boards of directors - MOSI, TBTF, etc.
Brad, I fucking love you. ❤
I need some type of closure
What?! That's awesome! I'm already here, shoot me a note when you get in.
YOOO!!! I GAINED 50+ FOLLOWERS JUST BY FOLLOWING -->>> #NOJOKE!!!! GO FOLLOW HER! <3
never heard of any of those people.
I'd still watch that.
it's not a federal holiday in Mexico... you can't deny that. Real Mexicans know all of this.
I hope you had a good on this day..with love your biggest fan :)
Help me promote, #StudentsSpeak, if you are a young student and in an immense amount of debt already! We need to be heard.
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm going to run a Spartan Race! What gets your butt off the couch?
Thanks for ruining my day
Is there such a system not like this? Systems must define an inside and an out.
A borderline personality misdiagnosis convinces "Century" he can only create a new and true self by committing senseless crimes.
El Fin / The End / La Fin / Das Ende Feels so good. Next week we go for double translation. Great week!
i think JB is hot! :3
How do you make coffee?
Elena Schaefer & her opponent from New Mexico heading to tiebreaker 3rd game in #1 girls singles...
probably would have been worthy of a Super Bowl spot if so...
lmao do you plan on doing anything tomorrow?
NCers: Polls close at 7:30 pm, if you haven't voted, now is the time to make it happen
Denver last night...appears to be Arizona tonight on the Peyton Manning
hahah but Christopher got one :) he's sneaker than me!
lol, you ain't go be able to go nowhere....
When our forefathers gave us rights to bare arms they werent talking about fully automatic high range weapons as much as muzzle loaders.
NEW CHRISTMAS SONG! Our store is up and running at ReverbNation.com. go check it out! :)
where do we get the tickets for ure new York city concert
OK sending a hug and good thoughts to make it better. Be well moonshine...8*)
So... How'd it go? *waiting with bated breath*
Thank you
Thanks! Going to miss this #VMob HQ!
Our students and coaching clients are really making things happen! It is just so exciting to see!!!
#hilarious love the tags- wish u were here
Temperature real hot/ sweating like a sweatshop/ I think I need my Favorite Drink/ Gatorade/ Don't offer Ice Tea
I've never tried it with catfish- ill add that to my to do list!
Don't have the Syracuse game on but apparently there have been some, um, issues, with the officiating.
Thanks! RT : Aw congrats! Wow it seems like y'all just got married. Beautiful!
Just tapped Tieton Apricot Cider.
@ vvrotny: lol, Houston and Chicago are very different towns...
remember to hide the tapes depicting waterboarding
i can't complain about the move. As long as he doesn't ruin the Bills locker room chemistry, can't hurt to add him as a backup
so how many times have u gone back to #workout? Takes a bit but I get pretty grumpy if I can't go now. & I nag my trainer
Great workout, time to eat, study some and sleep until this snow stops
Are you doing anything green to celebrate #EarthDay this weekend?
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Yes! Fantastic!
Did they check the ball after that pitch? HAHA. WOW!
We aren't doing as many agent/manager nights during pilot season. BUT if a spot opens up, we'll let you know :)
The tears are coming out! Puck is killing me!
It's the eye of the Lily, it's the thrill of the smile....
Too much praise for contestants on AI is misguiding America. Changes need to happen. The same voters are the ones who think they can sing.
I am lucky to have you too! I've missed you so much this semester =[
i use to write the most STUPID shit on facebook back in 2009-2010 now i know why nobody liked me. i was a stupid freak ! #iwashellaweird ._.
'she's like the Susan B Anthony of dumb asses.'
Damn damn he missed by a hair on Kim k chin
One of my favorite lines from Pynchon's VINELAND: "Watch the paranoia, please!" #totalassaultontheculture!
The avengers was so fuckin gangsta!!!!
I wants to follow back!!!
You got staying up late (;
u the shyt man keep it real lol
#BeTheOne "Knowledge will give you power, but character respect." ~Bruce Lee
any Übies use the Pixelbender --> Oil Paint plugin in Photoshop? Esp. on sketch work? Mind: blown.
I'm already ready for MLB to start up.
I feel like I have to put in some sort of emoticon whenever I'm instant messaging/tweeting somebody lol -izzy
The 1980s is not our strongest era, but pondering of a series of Boogie blog posts. Any requests?
Watch & cheer the Ashley & Jeremy say come get some pasta & a combo sandwich! (Sausage AND Italian beef)
You are looking fabulous in these dresses!
is this your other account josh? :^) if so please respond and follow me <3
lmao just kidding I didn't read it right x)
Oh yes...done.
Bring it on Seame Street Tour!! Bring It On!! :)
I love cold weather. But man that was a lil cold takin the dog out wearing shorts. Finally can start wearing my sweaters.
Night everyone...work tomorrow and more Last Breath planning
People that call sneakers tennis shoes <<<<<<<<<<<<<
but where are his curls though
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 2
Happy valentines dayy💗
Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. ~Will Rodgers
Thanks for the follow Don!
I'm not above eating apples from Walgreens.
This headache needs to go away ASAP
Dark chocolate almond milk warmed up in the microwave = delicious instant hot chocolate.
I don't care I'f it's a Nickel Bag being sold in the park, I WANT IN!
How many cups should we pour today? RT : Up early every day this week? Something is wrong with me.
I know right? Somehow Facebook stock turned into Aunt Jizzie and Uncle Cumshot ha
RT : Joey Durel of Lafayette - people reg tell him on street they would have left Lafayette if not for the network
I'm intrigued.
If the dont make any attempt at rebuilding IM DONE as a fan.
and now we are having to convos at once, even more awkward. Yeah.
The only thing suspicious about Trayvon Martin is how cute he was.
Reading *Bryant & May Off the Rails* is virtually reviving and intensifying my #Tube-related claustrophobia. Great read, though.
Donations are of growing import for all the societies that I know abt, including #a. Fdn support +/-=grants.
Life itself is rooted in freedom. We are not machines, we are not preprogramed. We are utter freedom -now it is up to us what to make of it
. not a chance. gingrich 600k in debt, media tired of covering him, no debates left, & will only win couple states.
you better get soon fast were goin out friday! =)
Its rains...we train! (Starting next week...phew)
Dear Roy, we had some good times back in the day but the #KUNation is pretty intent on repeating 2008 today. Love, EVERYBODY.
Its a rather well-known piece that pervaded pop culture as a result of the incredible popularity of the show.
awkward how when everyone leaves the class room & it's you & the teacher 😳
please keep us posted with any info. Thanks.
UPDATE change location tomorrow AM! At Innovation Center, NOT Cinema Center for meeting
谢谢，可依！you have a very bright future! I look forward to seeing many of your successful adventures!
Good meeting held w/ Nick C., our crazy & talented 2nd unit DP to view awesome crazy cell footage. Great stuff and totally off the hook! lol
right? Haha I've been looking into almost everything possible. But let us enjoy libations together and reminisce
Re: that tweet below. I've been wanting to do a page-count/weight comparison of novels by men and women.
Coe Hall will remain closed until power has been restored to Oyster Bay. Sorry to our friends and followers for any inconvenience.
RT #Taurus can make anything happen when they put their determined effort into it.
how can you be mad at him!? He is so jolly!
Damn cannot make any good sculptures...
RT“: When that time comes I won't be nervous. I won't be fearful. Cause I will know that I am destined to be there.”
the one two and a half men is on !
Filming in Mexico City!!!! My first day of shooting went really well and cast and crew are awesome.
you're my addiction:$
So, I accidently deleted my story that I was supposed to be putting part 4 on.... How stupid?!
Oh ok then I tell you in another email because in the email I answered today was basically the same as I told you right here on
you at Scott house ?
Skincare routine done. Eyebrows plucked. Now for a movie, a cup of tea and bed. Got a lot done today. 🌟
Initial thought on James Hunter: Kid's a big body, could develop into a credible offensive threat. Glad he's got 3 to play 3.
RT : Even the best of ideas have to be followed up with action.
Never underestimate what you can accomplish.
gimme deets and who is in it.
And p.s. the American flags made it so NOT obvious. Come on, #Obama. Think smart!
Is Josh Beckett going to be the official host for the TPC tickets winner?
haha aww! You gotta stretch :) ha.
Ain't gonna lie. Those #Dyson vacuum cleaners look pretty damn cool! Tired of buying shitty vacuums that seem to stop working after a year.
; well glad that is settled.
When the bass is so heavy you can't even see out of your sideview mirrors
In church worshiping my LORD!!
Theorized beforehand. Realized in hindsight.
Focus Group, Manhattan, August 31st. Looking for iOS users (iPhone, iPad/iPad 2, iPod Touch) with a Facebook Account. $85 for 1 ½ hours
im having a BBQ and and a b-day party for my aunt and dad. :-)
Bruno Mars killed it on the GRAMMY stage
when you're the best you always have a target on your back Chef.
OMG. SIERRA. I love you can you please answer my DM? :D
The world lost a true visionary today. RIP MCA
Cent FL rocking w/ races- Go , Celebrated John Glenn's orbit 50 yrs ago @ Kenn Space Ctr. Nasa-Nascar awesome combo!
