:) Absolutely! Privates and classes. I have a feeling it might be a bit of a drive for you though.
Meet got canceled that's one meet where I could've done something great
Strickly US speaking - how about a trek from Moab, Utah through to Colorado's great divide to end at Telluride. Need 4WD.
Bestfriend bonding time ❤
No tourney snow. Unbelievable. : Wow, what a week! Every day in Indy, the high will be at least 20 degrees above average!”
can I plan yours? Haha
good luck tonight throw down 30
haha I always do it!!!!
totally. Last week with the starfish netty thing hahahaha almost peed myself laughing.
To paraphrase Rumsfeld, you go to the election with the candidate you've got...
So true! RT : Seven days without laughter makes one weak. ~Mort Walker
This week has felt so long..
ha ha. No, some a/c belt. Nothing excited. I was hoping for more of a lead story to be honest.
this week will be the last full week of school!! only 9 school days left and 20 days til graduation :)
Gee wiz you're the cutest! Ah!
My buddy looks nice n her new Avi 😁
this morning!!! This morning!! Hahaha
ahh i wanted to watch it he always actually do them short
The desire to win is born in most of us. The will to win is a matter of training. The manner of winning is a matter of honour
We're really lookin' forward to playing @ Gruene Hall tomorrow afternoon from 5-9pm. Good times guaranteed!
Comcast Praises Voluntary BitTorrent Crackdown Agreement - TorrentFreak
": CHEATER! RT : I will buy you a purse if you tell me who Quinn is!! #askscandal"
Home sweet home after a lovely ride. Thanks to all who make this #DCtheatre community so warm, brilliant, and supportive.
Today was the fastest day of my life, but I've accomplished so much. x_c bye weekend.
I can't wait to see the end of the bball game, lol.
Preparing "bun" for traditional "bun and cheese" at Easter. Hot cross buns evolved as loaves without a cross!
yeah them girls are a handful & I think this is it for me on the kids...lol
you right
did you finish the first part of the final review?
Haha, sounds familiar. I don't think I have any friends who haven't seen mine.
Do you see Chris Rucker as a CB or S for the Colts?
The Milwaukee Film Festival is my favorite thing about September!
on the deck looking out at the ocean, first thing in the morning drinking coffee, then after dinner. Ahh wish I was there now
if there is anyone driving toward Wichita there is a tornado on the ground and damage reported Storm is hding N now toward Salina
I love it! You killed it! Glad you filmed it! Love You Cuz! You gotta come to Chicago!
Agreed Tony. Great video & great job Mindy. Charlene is forwarding the video to friends as I tweet.
Good general advice: don't be too disappointed when the students aren't as excited as you abt the topic!
Just made aware of widening gap in the appreciation of east coast hip hop & southern hip hop
No way! You're just really eager to help the economy!
Trust issue
thx so much, ryan...it's the best thing ever, really. and i know you'll get it when it's your time. may your research go well!
Life After College is such an amazing book by that I ended up buying three copies, two to give out.
y wats up can ya plz pass by the page nd listen to couple of my trackz.nuch appariti. www.myspace./baddassmug3000
Thanks for the feedback-- I'm so sorry to hear about your experience! I will pass that along to the airport team to address.
I have been trying to tell you that for years.
you dont remember me
Any rumors on when they are opening nats park?
YES!! My day will be so much better knowing that I will be getting a copy of Spagetti Sauce and Other Delights!!! ;D
Thank you for spending your evening with us!
yep I'm jealous. We aren't even going to make it now. Going to be late before gets out.
I would be just fine with "The Help" winning Best Picture.
Drink it all even when it tastes too strong.
those are SO good!!!!!
Headed out for last day of filming
Welcome Kevin, enjoy
you may want to explore the website & consider purchasing the book, it's packed with info & photos
Howdy. Let the naval-gazing begin. :)
Back from Kansas City
Was that some thunderstorm last night or what? Thought my house was going to fall down.
5 days of work, 1 whole day to play, so come on everybody get your roller skates today...its Saturday, Saturday, Saturday
Gearing up for the 2012 North American International Auto Show!
I want to be the dj at the #FMC. Who's getting pumped for the new fanpage layouts?!
I put up with my publisher's shenanigans because I know they are going to put out a high-quality book that has a life expectancy > 500 yrs.
I made Shrimp Pineapple Fried Rice last night! It was delicious! My hun Loved it!
Belding for AD?
I like Mila Kunis for Ana... Skarsgard seems to old looking for that role to me...
Of course! Would love that :)
thought I was influential about robots.
For some reason someone hacked my account. Crazy
ima be like the house cook next year haha im excited. just excited in general if it all works out
read "City got off easy" and assumed that was a soccer tweet. Too much effing soccer in my twitter, I guess.
Thanks glad you enjoyed!! That shirt is "vintage" from a couple of years ago. Sorry but there will be some new retail soon!
I was going to watch west coast customs but Darwin hasn't renewed his #Netflix account so I can't.
probably something MLK said once- those words would bring us all to the same place and leave us for a moment speechless...
what?! Omg 😱 don't tell me
You can win a FREE PIZZA weekly! Just text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal messaging rates apply.
Congrats, Jermaine, you are a brilliant talent!
At LAX heading back to NYC! Great seeing all my friends in sunny SoCal. Be back soon!
RT : Amen! RT : In a selfish way, thanks to Adobe for freeing he now can provide things like this:...
Just got out of the shower..........nice and clean :)
Awesome blog, Melissa! Thanks for sharing
There's somebody on Facebook pretending to be you. :o I hate them.
Dear neighbor, please turn off your dog. Thank you.
I follow you. would you follow me? Dr. Spanish
clearly not ;)
I tune in on and off I dont have a mobile device to follow all the time but when I get home I follow
Can't stand to watch , but I can listen to his music all day. a la
Has facebook stopped work for anyone else or is it just me?
Hey, how have you been?!
I'm with you Mols. Life would be so much more difficult without music. It always makes EVERYTHING better.
Every time you hang your head low you take your eyes off of the prize.
Grant Hill is so GAY!
Its coffee time !
Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston had secret fling, claims bodyguard
Welcome to Alaska, the nigga free state.
shower time!!(:
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning
heey do you think you could give me a shoutout ? i really wanna hit 200 followers tonight . :)
Bad hair day. I look awful. LOL
lol had 12 #goldentickets on Friday, also on grant
Just had a flash back thinkn of all the good times I had wit my big bro..that dude showed me a lot!
omg lets do it!!!!!!!!!! When we hang out nxt time,we are doing it. lets call it "Real Life, Real Quotes" something lke tht
One exam stands between me and summer.
thanks! Trying to make it easier to use
Management attention to offshoring vs onshoring is focused in the beginning of the relationship, but lags subsequently.
What the !?$& am I still doing awake? The alarm goes off in 5 hours. I'm going to have to start up a caffeine habit. :P
Nadine Gordimer~ Power is something of which I am convinced there is no innocence this side of the womb.
Im Irritated
I feel as though I have not done anything nerdy lately.
So im still calllinggg y100 radio... &' its still busy.
a place in my mall called Earthbound. :)
What's good Peoples!
enjoy your trip! I'm jealous of you.
What is the name of the monkey
Agree: race is still open. Polls don't predict. But if #1 goal is to beat CD, NF is the safer bet.
"Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie" premieres May 17th. For interview request, please contact
Ted Koppel IDEO news segment is getting played at #drupalcon ux presentation... isn't it a bit dated?
happy happy birthday!!
would we be able to orchestrate a woman jumping out of a massive bowl of poutine?
another absolutely gorgeous day to be thankful for !
taking me a while to get used to this twitter stuff...lol
Thursday can't get here soon enough. First vacation in well over a year
Is there anything more exciting than "Package on truck, out for delivery"?
I would love that! I'll be gone Saturday but tomorrow night I'll be here :))
There are far too many snacks in this office!
~And at the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make!~
apperently i live in chicago NE?! stupid twitter hahahah
Home sweet Home
its great your so cute
12 Buck Thursday! Only $12 for Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens...add on Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5!
Thank you! I thought people do not read my tweet.
Another who has the heart of your Size, I would lock myself in a room with you ;) ♥
We can end this.
oh sweet! Should be a good time
Someone just told me I look like at #SMSS. Good thing or bad thing?
Just till Easter. I gave it up for Lent. Thinking of shutting yours down too?
There is one time when I rue the great numbers of books I own. Moving, I shake my book-toting fists at you.
Thanks so much for coming in!!!
I love your youtube vids!!
just watched "Julie & Julia", and it was just as great as everyone said it would be :-)
everything good good! YE
The musical presentation (by the opera students from Colorado University) at the Boulder Rotary was FANTASTIC!! Bravo!!
"Still waiting Justin Timberlake to tweet me back" - JT, get on that!
lol, its okay gurl sometimes i just wanna PUNCH HER IN THE FACE im not a fan of her never have been never will sorry
Know what an XPS file is? Same as a PDF. Seems silly for MS to create another format.
Balanced breakfast like a g...ymnast
Looking for a simple way to connect to the Cloud? Check out You can map cloud storage as a network drive, easy! www.gladinet.com
“ are really a lot to help turnaround our film !”
Every month light up your life with articles at
MOTHER OF GOD! they are seriously sho shtunning!
I have one infection on my erection for one direction.
I over think my assignments and then I can't get them done.
its going good :) its finished and uploaded!! You can look at it :)
have you had to do the Mac part of that chart yet?
Come enjoy our happy hour cocktails or order a hamburger cooked just the way you like it here at Sandia Springs Lounge!
Is missing her grandmother very very much today. Can't believe it's been a year. Xo.
nuh uh!! I wanted some but I ate a cucumber and turkey sandwich instead.
Do dancers have razz-metabolism?
I've been as poor as an ugly whore. And as rich as an ugly bitch. And I gotta tell ya; I prefer the latter.
Ok! I'm convinced. I'll call tomorrow.
Everybody has that one person that they want to hate but can't cause they still love them.
I normally don't watch hockey but that game is way too intense and that was a sick goal
I refuse to go bungee jumping, I came into this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.
Ryan describes it as a purification process to remove impurities that may leech into one's cup of Joe.
Lebron is the greatest athlete to walk the earth.
Is somebody on my twit ? bout to change all my passwords i aint tweet dt
would you ever consider dating one of your fans? :)
I don't even know what "yolo" means...someone please enlighten me :(
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I'm going to buy a dress today
Thx to I'm going to be repping Summertime Ent at Looking 4 family film or tv- live or animated
“: SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE SOON TO BE GRADS!!! One of the best feelings ever! #TERPS” yup, until u start that 9-5
Time is "NOT" on your side, so what are you waiting on?
If in the Va Beach area on Saturday head to the palace on plume to support at the Mother's day mixer from 12-6p
The most beautiful curve on a women is her smile.
Thanks Tracey! Looking forward to working with you! :D
Y'alls accounts are sending out spam DM's, just an FYI.
Sacto genre smashers sign to Will release two albums this year! "The Money Store" drops April 24.
#KTCO question of the week - What's the best way to earn exposure for your small business?
Sorry, but I've only got about 14 days left in that hell hole. I'm just wingin this powerpoint and essay.
RT Had an awesome time with !! Thank you for
I freestyle in my head on Sunday mornings Ye
yalll are awesome. :))))
Josh Smith on Celtics (via ): "You have to think and outsmart them on a lot of plays because their defensive IQ is almost perfect.”
#how2pleaseahoodrat do some hoodrat stuff with your friends!
according to my mother i got a boob job she didn't know about.
Drinking red wine out of a sippy cup just doesn't seem quite right...
May 8th & June 5th. Remember that date my friends!
Finally! all 4 kids are down
Why would the news report that the folks in Mayfair are taking shifts to watch for the tire vandals? Seems counterproductive to announce it.
is it a kitten ? I don't want a lazy old fart grandma :) LOL.
thanx i love yours!(:
RT : A5: You have to remind members about the scholarships, which are due in June!
#IfIWasGagaForADay I'd wear a lawn mower as a hat on stage and start it.
Hey NYC! Put on pants, have a glass of wine, and come see me play tonight at Rockwood. (Does not have to be in that order, btw) 10pm sharp.
Whoa! my favorite pro-wrestler is good at Twitter. He can spell + he's funny! In other news, I have a favorite pro-wrestler.
DRINK YOURSELF TO SLEEP!!!!
VEGAN cinnamon rolls in the house! Get one warmed up!!! So good.
I'm there. Looking forward to a slow-down
On a session ravin with and thats how the story goes....watch out swags...
Head on over to to enter to win a vegan statement tee from adorable #vegan shop - tinyurl.com/3rgcedo
Come to the beat kitchen tomorrow we go on at 10pm
THANK You! Just read the rest of them...wowsers! Those are some hard core smells.
and they call it a offseason
well thank you :) ❤
Wow I guess it's true. Things happen in 3's. First Ed,then Farrah, now Michael.
Adele - Chasing Pavements - 05:56 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Don't worry LBIC, I wouldn't ever let anybody get away with saying "nasty stuff" about youse.
Yeah, that can get $$! I've also got a wedding (& a 12-mi obstacle race) in Sept. Plus there's maybe 5 ppl I'd want to see! Haha
Idk why this bitch thought she could text me like ain't shit happened
I have complete faith in you ;-)
Over the years I learned that some women don't like a complete honest man! So I guess I have to lie to keep them interested! :)
If you look for the worst in people and expect to find it, you surely will. -Abraham Lincoln
And in fact you are, aren't you?
Wow!!! What a game.
do you see how mad you got? She makes money off of you! :)
thats soo good to hear im glad ur happy i wish you the best (:
We Follow You!
True, but Our Hero is Our Hero.
And I'm trumped. ;) Hang in there! RT ive got 12 hours on a bus to lake titicaca...this adventure is killing me
Let the pain begin bblleehhhh! I hate how long it takes to get sound medical attention. I have things to do!
Listen here YOU UGLY, BLACK, CATFISH SMELLING, AUNT JEMIMA LOOKING CHICK, YOU COULD POSSIBLY WHAT, NEVER! Yeah, I said it.
A fool says, “I can’t”; a wise man says, “I’ll try.” –Charles Spurgeon
better info 2 share than red vs pink meat
I feel like tackling all things #warhorse. Book, original score or movie first? Thinking book by default. or maybe book with score? Nah.
completly inlove with :D their songs on repeat all day:)
that sounds delicious and nutritious...nice choice.
Saw a tumbleweed roll across I-20.
French Quarter hangin'...where ya at?
Uluru aka Ayers Rock. And there is a train that goes south from there which I've heard is gorgeous.
so wait who's gonna be at the concert?
“: She owns a cat. #Time2Worry ...She owns multiple cats. #Time2Bail”
yea its nice, especially naked
will you be my date to the born this way ball?
Gibson got screwed.
Sky's the limit: Analyst says Apple could be worth $1 trillion: Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Muster says Apple's total market valuation...
...might as well fall asleep. Maybe I'll watch a movie or something.
We're totally jealous! RT : Just got tickets to YEAH BUDDY!! So Excited :D
At jazmines house :-)
My Friend Lisa Velarde Casias is looking for a Club DJ (DJ Pauly D Calibur) Who do you know??????
Yeah, I got PLENTY of sleep last night
Buckingham U. Badger!
i finally get to go to a dermatologist today to have all of my eczemas looked at. hopefully it means soon I will have fewer eczemas.
Wats up good morning
I just gave the bartender my number in roman numerals. If he figures it out, he�s worth a shot
“: #YouNeedMe and i need you. Thats the way a relationship is suppose to work. R-T if you agree!!!” mmhmm
Physical security describes measures that are designed to deny access to unauthorized personnel.
can't wait to see you at the VMAs next year ;D
If Dave Begel continues to write for WITHOUT making an apology for those statements, it will be a JOKE.
So this is serenity... <3
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. Albert Einstein
yeah, to me the bowls conclude on September 2nd. But maybe LSU will beat Alabama so badly their final rank plummets!
Thank you : )
Betty is so spiteful
Shopped 4 the 1st time at forever XXI & I'm in love pretty clothes for such cheap prizes can't wait to wear my new hello kitty sweater lol
agreed amazing
Faskinating! Social SF, Hard SF, I was having enough trouble with lit-vs-genre. I'm a terrible quibbler.
I know, right! Fairy god mothers rule
naw...that was coming. ESP after yesterday. When I read the news this am I was occupied hahahahahaha
"Ex-GOPer Distances Himself From Mass Shooting In Arizona" #huffpost And the Neo-Nazi who committed it. Mitt, are you listening?
Dude I don't smoke.
We have yet to be rained out! Ope @ 11:00, have a grand day!
Smart Grid Big data is NOT only meter data...Intelen's approach to Big Data & Smart Grid Game Mechs has facility and buildings inside...soon
what? Why that's dumb
#BeforeYouExit I met u in chicago& universal after the mardi gras parade do u remember?
Always be selling. Great advice from a mentor we just talked to.
Happy Birthday
What are you praying for on our National Day of Prayer?
awesome! Killed it.
no more coffee or carbs that is the main goal of the rest of this week
I know! That's why I think a Celeb is next!! The will want the attention it gets!
You're not allowed to stay forever. Unless we get to come and visit fortnightly!
Happy New Year!!
This used to be a twitter all about Cody S & his fans. But now all the sudden my timeline is filled with 1D.. Looks like everyone switched..
Writing inspiration of the day: Did you know that frequent jet lag can damage memory? Interesting story subject...
RT : T2: I believe personal use there should be no daily routine, it's more entertaining for followers with randomness.
Dudes always hit me,and i never write back,told u i trust you,till you fuck it all up.
#DontFollowMe if you don't follow
hope your day goes well Taylor & love you too!! <3
You think Brady will play the entire game?
RT : The "Hpy Bday" wall post on Fbk is like saying: 'I would've sent you a nice ecard, but I don't have that kind of time.'
NYC- FRi, Oct 28th, Matt Blackwell "Tour and Trance" landscapes of Maine, New Hampshire, New Mexico, etc.
I can always tell when a dude ... nvm.
Thank you so very much for the blog review! Happy Extortion Day to you as well
Oh my goodness
Hi Tori & Dean. When is your show coming back?
And he WAS!! Congratulations!!
that was quick! Have fun!! 🍻🍻
Best deals on shopping Why pay retail? Pay less. Here are five strategies to never have to pay full price again.
where is these days and when will u come to ny ... :)
What's your pre-game plan? Stop by for a drink?
(: so what do you wanna talk about?
Congratulations to one of my favorite bands of all time. The Faces finally getting inducted to the Rock Hall of Fame!
why do we need reservations made?
well remember I essentially have a rebuilt engine though at 120k
Had a great interview with Actor/Director don't forget to watch a new episode on A&E on Sun. 10/9c
For once, I not only agree with you....but actually feel your pain! Wrong time for them to piss us off.
Corporate meetings eat my soul
Well, that's interesting because they work for EVERY. OTHER. DOG.
S/O To Everyone Who's Following Meh!!!! :)
OKC is storming over the Lakers. Its a Thunderstorm and the Lakers have no shelter. hehehe
*chocolate. I'm sleepy today.
I wonder why?? WHY? :D
ive followed the voice you gave to me, but now i gotta find my own
Econ is done and over with on to the next two tests
Staining my shirt before i get to even go out<
happy mothers day!!!
Aaron we luv him we do RT“: Nice, enjoy LA and give all the #SmGirlfriends n
cheers! RT : I'm pretty impressed by some of the shows coming to over the new few months.
#Patients is a virtue #Sacrifice is a must!!
hey boo we haven't talked in awhile:) we need to hang again i miss yuh:) me you christina and kelly should plan somethin friday:)
we aren't arguing. :p
how many times do I have 2 tweet u so u would notice me or follow me!?!!??:(
I love
Atill in new York for several weeks.
Hello, new followers! Have a splendid day!
And my cubbies win too?? Perfect night. Perfect.
Great day to sit out on the patio and enjoy Brunch!!!
New end of the world date set to October 21 after the May 21 date failed.
Spoon - Written in Reverse - 05:26 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
"we're all really proud of you. LOL." -your mom
I'm really tired of the celebrations of death.
lmao, husband shopping sounds like a blast
I think you mean a doughnut.
Erin you suck go home
It 11:11 make a wish :-)
Watching the Masters and the Tribe game on split screen on my computer during class.
I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy
Vinny should sell a pair of his pants on eBay! He would get a lot of money
Not enough, as usual!
Awesome thanks. I was a juror on the case last February and haven't seen any updates. =)
Can't believe Kentucky and Indiana aren't gonna play basketball against each other anymore. What's next? No more UK/UL?
is that Target? If so, I LOVE target. I was just at the one in Boston today! :)
I hate basketball. I'm clueless when everyone talks about the games 😒.
is a beast
Those are just the Opta chalkboards, using the Opta data, I just select the time frame and what to show; not quite like This11
hey - THAT QUIZ IS ALL ABOUT ME!!!
Finishing a research paper is a good feeling
Who did Phoebe say Ben looked like after he was born?
this was a few years ago (but it seems like yesterday) . . .
you're hot lol
The Millennium server is being replaced today so Millenium is down. Hence the library catalog and circulation are not available.
I thought about that too but afraid people will find me more strange than they already do but I definitely think you should.
Seriously. That rain delay was freaking amazing.
I swear girls gain weight faster than boys and boys lose weight faster than girls. DAFUQ?!!
Artest is a lunatic!!!!!!
Pls tweet : Mind DMing with your account number/name and address? Will try to get an update ^BH
I vote that you give up making that promise.
RT What?!? I bet its a damn dog!// u gotta c for urself! What time u coming?
Umm Your Tweet Has To Be Retweeted 100 Times!
A little bit far indeed. Of course, Swashbuckle is not that far off. Any room for metal at the con?
That was one I actually agreed with. :)
Happy Thanksgiving!! Let the festivities begin!
I'm doing great except for this cold. I hate being sick!
#JeanGrae4KickAss2 or Murder. Its your call.
"Paul, you're wearing pants." "Yeah, and you were moisturizing on the way over." and I, on who is outgaying the other tonight.
I'm real
You're attractive. Therefore, we should date.
the loco motion =little eva the chipmunk song =chipmunks under the boardwalk = the drifters the lion sleeps tonight = the token
Couldn't sleep, so I made him coffee before he woke up ☺
had to do a report on who our heros were. i put you because you inspired me to make movies and try harder everyday.
Possibly dying my hair today :D
Jury done. Could have done better, but not disappointed with how I played.
it's funny cuz i looked at him like 'hey i recognize you!' then he walked into an office & said that.
He is adorable!!
That akward moment when you walk in the house and it smells like burned marshmellows.... :/
Thinking about heading to Florence, Italy this summer. Who wants to come?
after a long internal debate, I have decided I should not be lazy and will consider running the Atlanta Half with you
I pounded one during class tonight...so good
ActorStuff: You don't need to sound like anybody except yourself.
If you have no enemies, find a way to make them
Don't you talk about my bike , it's a BMX and it's the coolest bike ever! Hahahaha
Damn where's the love in Tweet World? #NoKissesTweetHearts Lol!!!
when else are you playing? We're on our way there and play at 630.
/agree, thanks!
Rear naked choke.
RT : T-48 hours until I'm airborne!!! On my way to to go to Let the CountDown Begin!!!!!
thank u 
I say the neibor knows or someone knows the neibor and they sold the baby, whynot look there, why the lites thats a nobrainer
moved to a new twitter account....excited to start over fresh.
Trying so hard to get more followers, come on people follow me :)
!“: I will subtweet, mention, be despressed, curse, & retweet all up & down this motherfucker cause its my account, bitch.”
i felt like turning around and kicking him but then my teacher would say i was cheating and invalid my test.
Any book recommendations for me? What are your favorite finds in 2012?
I agree - we're big fans of here in the digital lair.
Parents of obese children are usually the sweat pants wearing scum at the bottom of the socio-economic ladder
Thanks for the mascara gagey hehe . Love you; see you tomorrow <3
Twinkle twinkle little slut. Name one Guy you didn't fuck.
May 8 – 23 City Hall, Library & MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic. The parking garage on Duval St. will be open
It looks like we have the same goals. To revive our blogs. Good luck!
ACK! Why am I such a dork?
Today is the day I start cleaning up my act. Fck all this bullshit. I'm doing me.
We're excited that Single Stop's work in community colleges, with spotlight on Miami Dade, is featured in roday's of Higher Ed
I'm Bout Start Dating White Girls !
While watching all the Royal Wedding coverage, I remember where I was when I heard that Princess Di was gone. All of a sudden she was fine
Just wrote my sports tease and typed, "Next in Big 12 Sports" - sure it's been a year and a half but old habits die hard
Got 4 days off.. But in a full leg brace.. Cant do a damn thing.. Ill catch up on some reading
Agree. I actually think it's more likely flip - MR wins EC, Pres. w/ Pop vote due to huge spreads in CA, NY, IL, MA.
Thanks to all of our supporters, contributors, artists, participants, and listeners for making this project happen!
I hate that I'm so real with people..Instead of fully digesting my words mentally, they hear what they want and end up doing the same ish!!!
CONGRATS BLAIR!
Its been a while since I expressed how much I hate the MTA. I wish I could fly like Superman to work.
wins today. I can see his ass crack from backstage
Yeah! Am kickin'
Deciding on staying in the burbs or moving to the Chi for my first apartment.
Celebration doesn't stop happy valentine's weekend
1. Turn on CSpan 2. Realize you don't know what channel it is on 3. Finally find CSpan 4. Mute 5. Apply Angry Birds sound effects 6. Profit
Just blew dude out 81 to 29
The Bangles are pissed at the girls! #eternalflame extinguished
I Down Care About Ya Money Homie ; Ima Show Yu That Im Really Down !
so you think he's a massage Ho who wants to get paid?
anyone have any cute backyard dinner ideas? romantic, at night!
Someone who cares that's what
The Weeknd is weird af if you listen to his lyrics talkin about poppin pills and fucking while he high and shit lmao
Glad to be on board!
RT : RT : Our Mount Pleasant Library prominently displayed at DC Architecture Center. Go check it...
Thank you Jesus for waking me up this morning, and starting me on my way. About to hit the campaign trail. It will be a great day! GRAY 2010
can u please follow me im from the us and i love you please i know your busy but please it would mean the world to me
Hit us up if you're at the vimeo festival this weekend
Not today. This is the upgrade where we have to migrate your content.
Puck drops at 7pm check out take on on 52 LCD screens!
Countdown to LONDON 2012!!! **in heavy french accent** MAGNIFIQUE! MAGNIFIQUE! C'est c'est BON!
Today September 30 is the birthday of Country Music Artist Johnny Mathis!
Great reading last night by Karen George, Mary Ann Reese and Don't miss our Third Sunday Open Mic at 3 p.m. on November 20!
Follow me !! Catch me live tonit at the boiller room in worcester
they say im to hood for you
Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cake Pops >>>>><>>
wrestlung equals boring and brewers losing. but hey still in first place
#Jets' Rex Ryan revealed his #kyderby picks: Sabercat, Dulhan, Alpha & Gemologist. "That's a tip a lot of people pay for _ usually me."
end of the day....cant wait for the dance tonight!!!! ill post pics of me afterward!
Well, it was nice to have hope for one week, Buffalo Bills.
DWI checkpoint going west on Central and Sunset. Traffic is gonna be fucked up all night, and lots of you are going to jail. You're welcome.
We so love the new beats baby Barbie! Thanks for doing what you do!
Oh boy. Wish I could cruise by.
The years of trimming costs have given way to a rebound in travel as the economy picks up
More people should be reading it, and fewer people should be writing it- there's an abundance of unreadable poetry out there-Billy Collins
Meeting adjourned :)
I see you talkin with lol maybe you can get through to chillin with her sometime hahaha .... JusSayin! Hit me up Kat ;))
Micah appalled that we have to pay to stay at Sherwood Forest
Thinking about going to Urban Belly for dinner tonight. Any other suggestions for something interesting in Chicago?
Metta World War
text me my nigga
let's just basically say guys or boys are asshole and direspectful!
Just registered for my classes and housing for this fall. Gotta get more scholarships. Let's get it: Future alma matter #MOREHOUSE COLLEGE
Will be watching T.O. be a crybaby on Dr. Phil later tonight
In Chicago on my 4th 3am start in a row and feeling it!! TFI Friday!! BTW Chicago great city!
So insane I wonder if it's part of a strategy to cop an insanity plea.
awe shoot :/ we will come another time! I didn't know you moved love
All I need in my life is a dollar
Prayers go out to all the families in Norway
On my way 2 the dentist perfecting my :)!!!!
RT : Kind of hope LeBron wins the Mega Millions just to see what the reaction would be.
Lil wayne: in 3 years holla at me Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus: in 3 years I'll be happilly still with Liam lil wayne: damn
uhm btw the way i can do whatever the fuck i want so fuck off... k thanks
which tune?
Glad you agree :) Are you going to Music Fest?
pushing on earlier discussion of usefulness. Sometimes more interpretive markup creates space for argument/discussion
Eli loves you big booty bitch 💘
by jove you're RIGHT
I'd love to see that, if you get it sorted out.
The groundwork of all happiness is health
ya you can never find anything good to watch anymore! Besides like 2 or 3 good movie channels!!
Just passed Anderson Cooper in georgetown with my mom
Hoping and praying she comes back
I wanna feel the car crash 'Cause I'm dyin' on the inside I wanna let go and know That I'll be alright, alright
The drug awareness assembly got me thinking...thinking of all the drugs I haven't taken ;D
I'll send the URL via regular mail.
lol. Oh. I was wondering. I'll see you there.
NO! RT : Someone asked me if I'd like to go see this famous Medium on May 12th near Phx airport. Anyone believe in this stuff?
Mexican nationals living and working outside of Mexico sent remittances totaling $11.16 Billion for the first six months of the year.
RT : Is it true that there is EOW Spain and EOW Sweden on April 27th??? Crazy!!!
I hear ya. I tried to DONATE $10 to a UK charity the other week, and customer service shut off my card.
Nothing to do😞
how does it involve history mr. Historical?
I wanted to do it tuesday :) lol... oh well :) Once I do pass medic, i'll be sure to come volunteer for moulage for the P3's :)
The benefits of dating someone who routinely works 2nd shift include stopping by a bar at 11 pm on a school night.
Agreed RT NC ST does not want to listen CALL ROBERT MONTGOMERY KNIGHT! No one out there who is available any better!
That's pretty cool, nice share... how often do you remind them to tighten their plank and maintain proper form?
10% discount sale on EVERYTHING SCREEN PRINTING (except parts) ends 1/24.
Watching the Antlers atcreators project. Don't really know anything about them.
Happy Birthday & Easter to you beautiful!!! Have a special & blessed day. Enjoy & take care.
love you girl. Text me if you need anything! <3 Today was fun, lets do it more often! :)
yeah enjoy it before you have be locked inside!!!
n how r u doing sir
A big thanks goes to for her humor, excitement and generosity last night. She turned our frowns upside down.
Haha! Well you did see the emails on my phone. That was kind of a sign. You're so popular!
Why is telling me that Ed Norton thinks earth is 400 years old?
yes. maybe next week? we should design it pretty.
yes!!! I made it! Just landed!! See u tomm
When nothing goes the way you hoped, planned, wanted... God give me strength
What is up my followers
Which is more painful? Root canal or shopping at Wally-world on Sunday? You decide.
as soon as it rains Philly shuts down. Never understood it myself
Read about Terracycle..on our blog at www.LuxeEssentials.blogspot.com
Guess I'm going to New York! <3 , I can't wait! #inlove :D
follow back :]]]
Judging by the terror in his eyes as he walked to the register with a giant stack of bill booklets - I'm guessing they did not.
Happy Birthday!
The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life and hold it fixed so years later, when someone ponders it, it moves again.
My old doctor was a gorgeous woman, but that thought never crossed my mind.
#TYVM for the info. Hope tonight's WX makes the magic happen.
I get to see a good friend tonight I haven't seen in many years.
Thank you Brandon League. I didn't want that win from King Felix.
Thanks for the tweet about us, have you tried to app yet?
If life is a roller coaster then today is the stretch with the small, fast, ups and downs, sort of like a green light wave length!
MT : Vets think 'you don't cry, you don't get help...' Some live with untreated diseases for years. - Stella D. Nelms
Word brown chicken brown cow!
Talk to me guys!!!! im bored. haha
Under tha weather...but the show goes on...chi town 2morrow to rep my city...milltown what up!
Why does my iPhone charge in like 15 minutes but the iPad takes hours?
Listening to RB episode 200.Holy cow,can you upload a remixed version where the host isn't saying "M-hmm" every second??
Ugh. RT : Walking behind Joakim right now. He's struggling on crutches
Yo dude, how you been? Is what I hear about you coming to Catholic in the fall true?!?!
I wish I would have seen this 9 hrs ago
Winner winner, Statis knows.
It might already be too late...
Proposition 8 ruled unconstitutional. Thinks it's over? Nope. Expect this to all the way to U.S. Supreme Court
That awkward moment when your in your room and someone is watching football and screams at the tv so loud it actually makes you jump"
a world of yes. especially if they're cute. or have a sushi theme.
Let's see if listening to Of Monsters and Men on Spotify will get me into an appropriate and productive move.
: are you at the show Dev...I thougght I saw you in the back corner ;)
Thanks for the retweet! I have seen acupuncture work for neuropathy many times and am eager to share the benefits.
you mean taught* ?
Convenience foods are pre-made meal fine for emergency but it is not healthy & very expensive.
good! Are I coming to watch UFC with us tonight at Bailey's? Me, John, and
#AmazingRace winners #RachelandDave will throw out the first pitch at the May 19 Brewers game.
Happy Mothers day to all the mom out there!
Lmao, wow xD Rt ": I Wonder How Long It Takes A Giraffe To Throw Up."
“A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent.” - William Blake
#hyperlib was my last SLIS class -- hopefully (assuming my portfolio passes muster), I'll be a genuine MLIS by next semester!
Goin2 miami next week cant wait so excited!!!!!!!!!!!
RT if you get bieber fever cuz i do haha
“: #bitchcity” so you're in south Tampa ?
how are you?
well at the time I found 6 piles of poo... but it ends up that my grandmother didn't let him out and he got sick and u cooled
Thanks for the re-tweet. I appreciate it.
: "People now a days say hurtful things without even noticing!" Or do things..
AND 7-0 Jays shut out Yanks! 119 mph homer. Love that!
I am excited to read it and hope it is a good read.
i told my moms u said fuck off margo said she gonna wash u up
I hate ur face...
RT “I have not come to call the righteous but sinners to repentance.” (Lk 5:32)
What I would give to turn back time And make everything right...
About 500 votes away! You've got this!!
Tx 4 the follow!
#headsup I will be taking it and playing w it during Spanish haha
The wayward character of Americans to permit war lies to go unpunished with complete impunity for all concerned means more war.
My dough is my boo you the nigga on the side, money make me cum you just kinda get me bye
honestly, i havent moved from the couch since i woke up.
Talking about relational intimacy in family cmst- please please please get me outta here
Mom is moved in, my new office is setup and I'm finally back online! Going almost 2 weeks without the interwebz was killing me :)
When at a midnight premire every rule goes out the window.
Happy Nevada Day everyone!
Windshields are an important part of safety for your vehicle. It prevents the roof from caving in, if installed properly. 414-409-7263
Had a great time last night with in Nashville. They're playing with our good friends tonight in the Boro!
Work went by kinda fast
I just saw it ahaha! She was so freaked out! xD
It's finally DECEMBER (Fill in the Blank): "All I want for Christmas is __________?"
Hey there, , and ! Thanks for following...enjoy! : )
Really #DC? You're really gonna hit me with the "Feels like 113 degrees outside"?! No matter though.
Go home #DenverNuggets win but you played with heart go game fellas
“ Im So Stress's Fucqn Upper Darbu Cops Still Got My Car & TMobile Phone Until This Trail Start =/ ,”<=stop gangbangin
Scanner Monitor: Burglary Suspect being chased by police on foot headed to a business park. Vicinity of Bellview and Quebec.
lol but I really think it might be a good idea
"i got a boyfriend just because im old dont mean i cant look!" LMAO WOAH GRANDMA
This Dr.Miracle's "feel it" formula is really good. Watch my hair yal.
Check out our 1 game NFL contests. Free to play and great prizes. Thanks to all our fans. www.playffnow.com
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT...
Nokia&#39;s comment on class action complaint
good night love x
I thought I was so freaking cool cuz Tyler Dorsey was talking to me… turns out it was a poser! Sorry if you are the real one idk
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  10
Well, u will probably like to be the first wife...#nothappening. We will get u here and back on late Monday.
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by up to 90%. - It's called wedding cake.
Finally, you put my love on top
My employer is extending an offer to a talented PHP Dev. Am excited at the prospects of what we can accomplish.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs, few people in the world share your talent, passion, and innovation.
She intended to hit Hornish's car. Which, you're right, is much worse than accidentally wrecking someone.
I'm sorry, but some of these people just sound crazy
Last tweet from US soil for a few days! AERA-bound! Vancouver here we come!
ok i might too, i'll look it up
They wanted to meet up wit my aunties and that's it
LMFAO, "didn't you read what i TWATED" Sha-nay-nay, i think you meant "tweeted",
haha. it's about time someone does heavy lifting for our kids. since we outsource everything, why not educ
You just got tweeted! HA! Check out our www.myspace.com/215band for new shows comin up & from there click on our other social network links
LIKEWISE! You guys are so fun.
“: DAMN, no lie, the #SPURS have a deep team...” - they sure do. They are liven up now.
Robot Chicken on time -
I Think This Sucks Ass ... GoodNight` To Nobody
ha nice!
Damn, what was I about to Tweet?!
that's better (:
I love you girls!
Good morning sweethert it is 5 degrees up he in MIand the wind chill is -2 and is only going to get colder they say.
just followed him(:
nope, he wasn't using the mic. :) You should hear it now!
I'm thirsty
That I can absolutely agree with. I feel we may need a few more generations to die off before the binary paradigm is gone.
Back in the States, never taking the American accent for granted ever again.
Lovin' our plans with ! RT : Our guests today are and - founders of #ROWE!
can you send nela the whole video put together?
Wtf how is this even possible? RT : More African American males work for AT&T from prison than from actual offices.
RT RT : Stop whining. Start shining. Stop complaining. Start completing.
I'm always so impressed how even months into a zombie post apocolyptic world, everyone's lawns are still mowed.
Good ole Sal back in business. Wish he came to BC.
Worthington: find more cowbell here. :)
Thanks I Appreciate It!!
Nissan seeks market identity beyond standout Altima
Ambulance Tested, Monster Approved
The new print is scheduled to arrive in time for our Sat night screening. Both nights we're also showing the new doc THE MAGNIFICENT TATI!
My little 2-year-old cousin over here saying "fuck niggas" lmfao she is bad smh.
I feel PERRY is not done...long way to go. But PALIN needs to jump in really quick.
Good to meet you today! Looking forward to working on something soon...
"Here then at long last is my darkness. No cry of light, no glimmer, not even the faintest shard of hope to break free across the hold."
True, Dan's list was a little cray. But at least he got #1 right!
oh fuck this is Fleet Foxes.
Not invested either way in Heat, but I HATE the Celtics. Will be RICK if that old-ass bunch of dbags make the finals.
Omg where do they get the people who try out for X factor
and I might be a bit late, but we'll for sure be there
Could this day please hurry up and be over!
The James River flows through downtown Richmond and has significantly shaped all aspects of our history, economy, & culture
I'm correct. It's exactly 180 miles / 300 Km from my house to McGill.
the pressures of getting students test ready & time restraints causes teachers to view new tech as a gamble w/ time
aw I'm addicted to u too
Douche bag spammers!
-Lol. I'm slowly being converted to briefs but I don't think I'll fully convert. Lol.
text marketing may be the answer to enhance and help email programs, break through the clutter, maximize budgets and reach new audiences.
enjoyed a wonderful camping/canoeing weekend with friends! Shoulders and arms will hate me all week, but it was all well worth it!!
Bentley your dog? I had a dog with the same name...lol
I agree with that piece on Bachmann. She's an intelligent person & probably somebody to look out for! Still slightly crazy.
I need a rape whistle
Good Morning! Getting ready for a busy day. There's lots to do before Thanksgiving. Working on a commercial today for a jewelry store.
Justin Honaman from CocaCola takes stage at #BAsummit201 to talk about measuring marketing performance via analytics.
Sign up for my weekly newsletter & get your free (1) hour group lesson now! All characters welcome.
now back to reality .
Happy Mother's Day week to all of the moms out there! The hardest job in the world, yet the most rewarding!
y u sosososo cute?
YOLO is the motto
I'm pretty sure I've filled out over 15 applications in the past five days. Come on with it now!!!!!!!!
Just finished opening gifts and having Christmas dinner with the family.
So excited Never stopped supporting you guys <3
pretty much.
Woke up this morning with a raspy growl where my voice used to be. Thus commenced collegial mockery...
The Blazers paid for 1 evaluation package/each player. May not have liked what they heard until findings began to come true
REALLY MA
The zip-lock on a Flipz bag is unnecessary for someone like me who consumes it all in one sitting.
God opens up doors and makes you realize stuff good sometimes and bad sometimes
Looking for Payroll Managers, Financial Analysts, Controllers and Accountants! Great opportunities available, send me your resume if you …
big fan of your tweets and blog. Perfect for a prospect guy like myself
Did you hear about the new MTV show, "Alabama Shore (14 and Pregnant)?"
Hey guys:D what's up? LOL
I like my beats fast and my bass down low.
#FF intriguing individuals
WWW.OGOVERVIEW.COM
oh excuse me. I forgot...
#NCAA2010 Is anyone having overheating issues with the PS3 playing this? I've been able to play other games, but NCAA seems to wear it out..
Goin to the hospital
lucky you. Hope you are staying dry and having fun. You may have seen a little history too with Harpers HR
Awww, thanks for the shout out!
thanks! Hope to have my email set up this weekend. May need help as the days go on!
I just finished a 4.83 km run with a time of 31:38 with Nike+ GPS.
We're just over the green bridge at the Crossing - support local
Sometimes your heart will feel, what your eyes refused too see and your mind declined to accept
Can I please get a follow back? Happy Mothers Day! :) <3
Just bought $300 worth of Marlins tickets for $100 (y)
#FF #TwitterRookie - PRO's very own Rich Nichols #sportslaw #crisis #sportsbiz - Help us get him to a respectable 100!
RT: Kelsey:Guys I have gushers!!! Oops one feel!!Melissa:I will eat it off the effing floor!!!
Make a big impact to your clients with Full Color Foam Board Printing at NYC Printing 123. Call now for more information at...
Watching 35 & Ticking
Why Canada needs a flood of immigrants
"A 3 button, roll-to-2" #suit. Not too shabby sir!
hmm. Get a better memory?
DINOSAUR TRAIN&#39;s New &quot;Dinosaurs A to Z&quot; One-Hour Special Airs This May on PBS KIDS
A place where educators, students & professionals can meet to engage in media communication hot topics dialogue generated by all attendees.
looking forward to dining at yusho tonight with austin.
pass off what you can to your entourage. Rest more than you would have planned to knock it out. Take care of yourself:)
no we don't lol
I just want today to be over with.. :(
Thomas O'Neill or Mason Gilroy.
Heading to OR. Humane Society for dog adoption event--ever adopted animal from them?
Sometimes people speak in ways that make them tough to quote or the quote is too long, so a writing device like this is used.
Have you already booked your trip?
coby should never be mentioned with mj he's about to get exited from the playoffs in the first round 2 * in 5 years..bumb
Today I want you to vote for yourself with confidence cause God has elected you a winner already.
He's my back bone because everybody need a spine
what's good bro!?
im soo happy is following me!!!!
I do this!!! LOVE it.
Night is a newborn.
Oh, guys. Dontcha know I have my own collator? I built it. It's in the trunk of my car.
"Even if I did get past all my problems, I'm just gonna get out and get new ones."
thats no fun... I went to The Used concert with Chris... Good times!
Uh - just watched 5 high schoolers pick up a car and move it. Driver will be surprised, no doubt...
You're welcome. Stay tuned for more.
I've officially conducted the most unorthodox interview ever...unless someone has done one via carrier pigeons.
Well getting off . so i can Take a shower . Btw its Angelina right now . Lol
$ABOT on penny breakout alert! When a sub breaks out from sub-penny it gets momentous, historically. $ABOT could rally hard here!
Detroit doubleheader. Go Tiger. Go Lions
gobble gobble
Karen Mack, nice shout out from Garcetti #lamayor lamayorforum
Yep... Steven Tyler has some major sex-appeal... Loving this season of #AmericanIdol now more than ever with him there!! Love J-Lo, too!
still interested in that GIRLS article/review?
Thanks to everyone that made it out to last night. It was a great show...good times all around.
: the #gop assume the #waronwomen is good for them and their base. It's taking away the middle and hurting real women
Opening 5 savings accounts today for my kiddies! They buying they're own gifts this year...Lol!
Everybody make mistakes @ some point cuz a mistake is alright & inevitable but nobody likes 2 be played regardless of the relationship
thank you, sir!
Almost time for Success on the Horizon! Congrats to the Volunteers of the year. Thanks to our donors!
I put it on instagram lmfao! Love you Freddie cakes!
That song that makes the world around you stop and has you believing you can SANG it better than the artist..
yep Jim Leyland is the new Earl Weaver
Taylor gang or be Natalie Nunn. cmon son.
Snowtrails TV from for the American Archive Inventory! #snowmobiling in the #upperpeninsula of #Michigan!
You will never be a star if you play it safe.
do they charge an arm and a leg there for nitrox fills like here? I always dive air except for my 50 and 100 percent deco gas
Have fun! Where is the race?
how did you get the anchor on your name? (:
Us #LOST fan know are priorities
A3 #CMchat Write/create from the heart.Make good music.Develop a following for your music.Get noticed.Radio will notice.
Thank you so much! RT : I'm really enjoy your songs! love you.
Ugh He gets on my nerves...
Yep. Heading out around 10:30. Then I have to pick up my Sherpa and set up the IGS booth. Then I can play!
When people say "Long Hair Don't Care" and there hair isn't even long.
Ha yes I am in Madison I might be home next weekend or the weekend after that...
Yeah. I'm pretty wired. Let's go hit Beale and wait for the team to fly in or something.
U never KNOW.
Yes I was going to say i think he's already taken...lol
Right on! #cdl RT : Thank you everyone at #immvt. It was max fun and we got to work hard, play hard, and learn a lot.
I totally agree!!
Playing the piano in the studio having a good time...
with his overuse of the word
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
[Today in PD] Debating China’s Global Reputation – a conference in Beijing May 19
It has come to our attention that is trying to create letterhead featuring his beard as our mascot.
"I could be your perfect disaster, You could be my ever after. You could be my ever after, after all." who knows who sings that?! <33
I'm sorry but the "hammer" that was put down on the #Saints was too much, in my opinion, this was way over blown.
Happy Mothers Day
Idk but I want some fucking Mexican food.
Thanks for the #shoutout Back at 'cha!
I know nobody is listening, but here goes...so I had this idea...
Kill them with kindness
you made my day by reminding me of #revenge tonight!
it is a dreary day in texas (via )
Check out our friend James Redford's The D Word: Understanding Dyslexia Official selection of 2012 Happy news.
love your sound! let us know if you would ever like to showcase with us in Riverside!
Assumes the asst priest role in charge of sacrifice and donation on the Guitar Gods show until Noon on 91.1 and wtju.net
Don't make excuses! you broke the promise 😔
I had a great time visitng family in Maryland. Now I'm on my way home to Florida.
City Hall
Looks like D. Wade has the forearm shiver wrestling move down...
Bad b/c looking back you'll always want to change something around, but at a certain point you have to know when to stop.
Dude on espn2 jus said Texas would be struggling with colt McCoy on the field. Get off BYU's dick, most one sided commentator ever
Nah, I'm sure that was the real Tupac that was recorded from an old performance. That's what I read. Tripped me out.
#MeteorShower tonight - get your #wishes ready for all of the shooting #stars! :->
But what do I know? I'm bootstrapping :)
Gd news shop downtown Milw “: Office for National Stats announced retail sales vol incr 0.6% in Dec, 2.6% higher than Dec '10”
RT : How do you know if social data is the genome of your business? says look at ROS (return on sentiment)
Blessed I see another 24
4 days until the #walknowforautismspeaksLA Walk Now for Autism Speaks LOS ANGELES @ the Rose Bowl in Pasadena 4-21-12 @ 8am! Come out!
Some times your enemy on your passenger side
If you annoy me today, don't expect me to sit there... Not today.
well over here in Mesa it was lol :)
Just so you know the safe word for today is palomino....
Sox pitch perfect game, Cubs trade OF who was barely hitting my daughters weight
Ottawa, just don't think they can handle us in the playoffs
Mid-90s comedians were right: true stuff IS the funniest. I only say that because there is actually a dead clown in my basement RIGHT NOW.
Haha true! :D
Having a Grand Canyon Stout and Pizza for lunch. Both are pretty standard.
I have to be the ONLY person still hunting Mosquitos in NYC. HOW are they still alive? It's 20 Degrees!!!
www.hairinthecity.me Stylist with intense creativity to give you the up to the minute trends. For the guys also American Crew stylist.
You are the best now that you have ever been.
Thanks for following! We love the music you cover - we've just been getting into The Rifles actually.
Talk about being a vampire... My day starts at Midnight ;D
Takin on the big apple this week!
Apply continuously throughout the day!
IF I UNFOLLOWED ITS BECAUSE U DID IT FIRST OR..BECAUSE U KEEP POSTING PICS OF UR SMALL ASS PENIS..LOL WITH THE CAMERA ON ZOOM
The awkward moment when someone doesn't lock the door to their stall and you walk in accidentally while they are peeing. Lol
When your bestfriend randomly comes over and ask to stay the night <3
"Count your blessings and you will see they always outnumber your complaints.”
You're number one, right? :) RT ": Getting ready for the People en español 50 most beautiful party!"
Sheesh, man. Best of luck.
Bought a hot dog cart. Now what am I going to do with it? Time to start another side business?
Don't pity the dead. Pity the living. Pity those especially who live without love
RT : 3rd bullet point key to me > Why LinkedIn's IPO Was A Big Success When Almost Everyone Else Was A Bust >...
thanks for the follow! would love some help or a RT!
“ Failure doesn't come from falling down... Failure comes from not getting up.”
Just mailed out the goods to the five winners. I might have snuck some extra goodies in there too ;)
MT : Thks to all who supported #UWSocial over past wk & our worthy rivals at #SconniePact-#CheeseAlliance rides on.
ok..hit me up with the details
softball game(:
I'm so happy 4 u
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, THINK BIG. --Donald Trump
Anyone working on anything interesting this evening? Or doing something interesting that isn't work? (gasp)
YOU KNOW YOU LOVE ME. I KNOW YOU CARE. JUST SHOUT WHENEVER. AND I'LL BE THERE....with Austin. (; AND NO. MWAHAHA :D
How about this 1 then... "Do not speak to me of rules. This is war! This is not a game of cricket!"
Speeding cameras on 295
Forgot how much I love Boston!
Follow this is my other account please Go :) FOR ME Everyone !!
do you ghave a LOT of anxiety? Your mind can play MANY tricks on you. Panic is horrible. To you take Klonopin?
Huge pickup for the #Bolts...Melvin Ingram is gonna be a force
Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.) outside House GOP meeting on payroll tax deal "most people were for it, or at least accepting." Vote prob this wk
next time your teacher says "why can i hear talking?!" just say "because you have ears, duh"
just saw a DQ commercial where bears are hoisting a man like he's a trophy while eating a Blizzard... how the hell are they holding spoons?
Ever have those days when you just can't figure out why you can't get it together?
jevon wears yankees cap in his twitter pic,today he wears a redsox cap. wth? THOSE HATS HAVE MEANING,SON!
followed, thanks to
Deasy says schools not getting better til state gets fiscally better. Disagree. And, his stance doesn't inspire hope in difficult times.
Ha. You're so generous.
OMG, do an open class in boston please !!(:
RT : #12NTC responsive design. So important in multidevice world, as is a nfp doing web for nfp, ever aware of devices
what a cool idea!
God bless Mary Tyler Moore and her contributions to ASPCA and diabetes-- a class act who created her own show and production co!!!!!
#IntlWaters hits two things I really like: the wry humor of and my blatant Anglophilia.
Want to fresh'N up your look schedule your appointment TODAY w at 218 W. 39th St, or 816.756.5887
Q2 I believe the US archives has a guide. haven't used it, but prob worth looking into
What kind of message will this send to Obama?
Thanks for sharing the book info!
"McDonalds under construction? NO McDONALDS JUST SPAWN THEY JUST SPAWN OKAY"
omg Niall I love you do much please follow ..... Also you & one direction should come to Des Moines Iowa ( ;
I will listen to them in an hour!!! But I don't really listen to metal haha
Read our bio bitch. MATT HUNTER FOLLOWS US, get it?
Horror nights tour Wednesday. I'm so stoked! Definitely can't wait to see you guys.
gotta keep going, it's all good !!! Twitter family
I followed her!(: Please follow me Tyler!<3
Hate to give her pub but a scribe at the daily beast had the audacity to compare Tebow to Palin...THAT'S left wing journalism Fox News!
We need to check whether the web site possesses certain traits or not
enjoying the start of my 4 day weekend.. new couch comes tomorrow!!! 2011, you've been good to me
Summer Special: Refer a friend for a new set of lashes & you BOTH receive $50 credit towards ANY service. (June-22-July 31st)
I know!! So true! I gotta move, why do I insist on torturing myself?!
MEN OF COURSE YALL SHOULD KNOW BY NOW WE HAVE THE ADIDAS N T SHIRTS FOR YALL TOO!!!!!
Okay, I'm at Motel 6, now what? RT Book the room, not the job.
recently placed Roger Herbst as the new Global IT Security Director for Aleris Corp. of Cleveland. Congratulations Roger!
Today, I received emails from 2 people who attended my #PMI #ACP training. They both passed the exam! // I love good news
call me maybe always reminds me of and
TOMORROW! *GROOVE w/ GIGI TORRES! 7p | $12 | studio702 Pre-register & get a free essence swag bag! Email name to
"Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul." -Henry Ward Beecher. Sweet dreams, yogis.
When I'm bored, no one texts me. When I'm busy, still no one texts me.
Whats my fave movie? I don't know, like, the first half of Kill Bill 2 and the second half of League of Their Own. Don't wanna be judged tho
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
Not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, does the enlightened man dislike to wade into its waters. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Gossip is for the weak, if you didn't see it with your own 👀's it shouldn't be coming out of ur mouth!
sorry to hear it--after ten years, I still wonder what amazing results we would see from focusing or fostering what's already here
I watched this a few times but haven't quite gotten into it. Like the backstory better than the current town.
President Barack Obama Brings Us To Kill A Mockingbird
CONGRATS! Your amazing you deserve it<3 when your famous please come to chicago. Make my life <3 ;D
/packs another shirt
Yes. I'm also in shock that Junior Seau committed suicide.
Journalist Wojciech Jagielski will be speaking about reporters at war at Brooklyn Public Library tomorrow at 7pm, part of
I love you SO much! at first, I didn't like One Direction, now I cant stop listening to you guys.
Yes I added it to the How to Participate page. Is that the right one? Late doing it as have been ill.
The envy people feel when they hear you travel for work is occasionally warranted. Milwaukee via Detroit
This girl seriously just called a boy over and demanded him to sit next to us. Damn!
My bitch was acting up so i had to get another
street fight hadouken... fruity loops like toucan...fly better than you can...whAt are u doin? #What2ChainzWouldSay???? Lol
Its not that easy.
Not too surprising RT After 17 yrs, I'm leaving ESPN. I'm excited to announce I've joined My first day is today.
If he's dumb enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him go.
can't wait to have you back in Atlanta! We MUST secure an interview! :)
Daily Dose of Goodness: Turns out Walt Disney was actually afraid of mice. Maybe Mickey bullied his way into the spotlight.
"God is no respecter of persons: But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him."~Acts 10:34-35
Beautiful job tonight, Skylar!!! You've turned us into country fans cuz you're just that good!
am contemplating it...love TACOS and local events -- will tap ur shoulder if we do make it!
Not a single thing u have mentioned is n 'absolute right' by any measure u so choose.
Welcome! I'm new to Twitter this week too! When are you coming to town? Maybe we can collaborate on some projects later on.
common Chris, you know you want to!
Lost our game ohh well..
Can't wait for press conference today at 10:30! Some exciting announcements!!!
BE THE ARCHITECT OF YOUR ARTS
Mandatory Leadership Games meeting on Thursday, April 12th, 2012 from 7 p.m.-8:00 p.m. @ Akers Rm134. Get in touch if you need any assitance
I'm hitting up sessions the rest of the day. After 6?
So, now someone changed the wikipedia entry for "Critical Race Theory" to protect #Obama. It's sad that I'm not surprised.
see you Friday! Is there a hashtag for the agm?
New cheese sample at teeter and wasn't there to try it
Once I stop giving a fuck about you, good luck getting that back.
RT : "etiquette is what you do when everyone is watching, what you do when no one is watching is called character."
What's your favorite store-bought guac? I've never found one I like and have to bring to a party tonight.
My therapist says I have an obsession with revenge. We'll see about that..
This episode was so emotional. :(
Ch. 11 The number of prisoners in private facilities in Alabama is 883
"the allure of the automobile" exhibit of rare and award winning cars are coming to the museum this summer.
very good!
Last night, I was drinking a 40 oz with my friend on a stoop. Two guys walked by us and said “Hobo Style!” and gave us the thumbs up. MLINY
In the mood for some Hweat Thins
brain. mush. need. nap.
Don't forget 2 come Party Hard With AGP & D.J. PRINCE SCI 2NIGHT for the end of the year at the Happy Hour Bar & Lounge only $5 cover charge
let's talk community manager. Im a social/blog guy with music and large event background. Have some great ideas.
Just when you think your day couldn't get any better - you head to the Rubicon for your favorite beer and happy hour!
you are very welcome i hope its a great day for you
Interesting information. Thanks for the follow.
Thank you so much for coming out yesterday and celebrating our 1 year anniversary! This community has been great to us!
BREAKING: The #TLC show #LongIslandMedium is filming RIGHT NOW in #FellsPoint, #Baltimore!
Just heard at citified as santana walks another "bring in "
thank you, Nat!! Hugs to you and the family!
The leading cause of marriage is dating which is why I stick to one night stands.
Drove by the one in Philly recently. Looked closed for good.
If it is wrong to ℒℴѵℯ your cast, then I don't wont to be right!
Happy #superbowl Sunday to all... Hope it's a good game! Stealers!
my brother introduced me to them. they sound a lot like Edward sharp and the magnetic zeros, but still good stuff
almost to JackTown my guy
“The most memorable gift you can give your kids is to teach them to give back.”
Good morning to all our listeners! Are you tuned in and listening to our #GLEEfulweek in May? Classical music is great for Monday mornings
good for you! I hope it works. Girl you will feel better, smell better, etc when you quit! Good luck!!!
“: im feeling a lakehouse retreat this weekend 😉👙🏊🚤” !! It's like she read our mind?
Johnny Depp is going to be on Ellen today :D yayyyyy xD hahah
Can u call urself a #journalist if u're loudly making disapproving noises during issue discussion? #citizenjournalist? Is it appropriate?
RT : hopeton madder than kristi when she looks at phill's tweets.
Ok what
Did everyone die?
watching a video about Greek gods & goddesses
It's Friday, Friday, Friday .. stupid song's stuck in my head. At least it's a Friday. It'd be real annoying 2 have that stuck on a Mon.
I GOT IT AND I LOVE IT
David Guetta is getting me through finals.
When my friends launch sites and send me URLs I always reply, "Hm for some reason it is redirecting to porn." Keeps them on their toes
Why is everyone so hateful toward blondes?
It was beautiful!
Thanks for the RT!
oh no! were you in boston? i am in boston!
You insult me: I can handle it. You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face bitch.
totes! #feedbackfriday What was the word of the year 2011?
We're on Audible, too! 5 stars after only 3 days: Trollope's "An Eye for an Eye". Search Keyword/Audio Book Contractors and have a ball!
thanks for the follow friend! ;)
thanks for the heads up!
We can install the full version of Cs6 for 40.00
sounded just like you. You have voice twin!
omg!! Mee to I love her!!
we have plans to have scavenger hunts in diff neighborhoods. So yes. :)
No... I have no interest. I like chibi, cell shaded type things unless its got an awesome fantasy story.
- I'm sure I do have some faults, though. I'll let you know when I come up with one. ;)
Only 3 VIP tables left for tonight w/ David Puentez .. if you missed last night, you have to check him out tonight!!
wait...they make give-away shirts that aren't white? But...but...that dye must cost billions??
Stand-up Comedy show "Band of Brothas" Sat, 2/4:00p. Improv (lab) Password: Stepdaddy =$6. PLEASE, Come out & support Michael Anthony!!
Had a good day! Went to lunch with & , then went by to see Mark and Susan. Now playing with my guineas til dinner
Oh nerves they really get on your nerves sometimes!!!!
"A voice gallantly streaming through the night." Very well-written words to conclude segment about Whitney and Star Spangled Banner (Ch. 2)
A girl can be your best friend, worst enemy, or your worst nightmare.. It all depends on how you treat her..
I hate nosy people
He really wants it,but I'm not in the mood right now
Guy next to me getting a pedicure. His toenails had to be at least an inch long. He must go thru lots of socks
I just found leftover cake pops in our fridge from Christmas. Pretending I don't know how quickly the eggs in those go bad.
please help this directioner out by trending
helping these gents bring the awards to the states
The worst feeling ever is when you hate your job
11 more wins lets go
we are both tasty and affordable. Come by and say hi
If the sun isn't up yet I don't think anyone else should have to be either!
Blah im bored anyone wanna txt
In line for the Cosmic Chaos... Hope I don't throw up this time..
Some go to high school and others go to school high.
Opening reception for MiniSolos this Friday, Aug 5th from 6-8:30pm. 37 DC area artists will show off their work.
The first thing that you should do is to consult your doctor to explore the possible causes for your hair loss or thinning
One $17 ticket left to sell before we hit our goal and can help this needy family! www.ProjectFlipmode.org
that is incredible.
nice! I'm taking info vis too!
R/T at #Bella32 nothing women in here right now, the place to be
but I have to say the super bowl game in Dallas was the best we were the champs and I was there
#Amtrak I just booked my cross country journey pics and check ins along the way if I ain't sleep lol
": 5686 n-o-r-f-o-l-k #cabofshame" had to RT this. # insidejokes
Is it me or are the #oscars already running long?
Mea culpa! Such a small niche of early '90s television-not everyone owns a Pinky and the Brain beer stein like I do.
do you know any good #deepdishpizza places in #Chicago ? I need foodie help!
RT RT : Supporting that trainwreck strongly suggests that U R not RT Im a thinking woman I support
I don't think so. Unless the judge instructs them, they'd have to weigh the evidence based on the 2nd degree charge.
I was trying to make it to St. George, but was getting drowsy. 80 mph speed limits is "very nice."
Sorry I missed you ! I shall mark you on my calendar and talk about you until ppl throw bacon to calm me. See you next year!
It was only a matter of time...
The Good Taste of the Roasted Portabello Focaccia Sandwich...Don't Miss or Else you will regret it!!!
Mom got hearing aids today!!!! Wait. Now I cant grumble anymore.....
Stop by for a private pilates class. Single, private classes - $45 or $400 for 10 sessions. No contracts; always reasonable prices!
see what I'm saying.... Lol
"I hate the things you do, but I still text you back, say I miss you too."
My dad is doing much better now. He's up smiling and eating. I swear that man just like to worry us.
Our Baker, Babee Cakes by Dot. Now offering something speciel for all the chruches.Have your church rep give us a call...216-323-6264..
and you could say that CJ will split with Teal, so 3 1/2 players out... so 70%
This voice impersonator on TNT >
same old same old, gettin my model on. lol I was in Pitt over thanksgiving, I will have to let you know when im back!
is being reunited with Teeng Akol going to make you release the Marshall Co Suckfest podcast one more time?
so wait…you walked through the subway tunnels from NYU to Astoria in less than an hour? now you're just making it up.
Did you find any demographics on Readability or Instapaper? I'm curious what the stats are on this much touted transformation.
come on nuggets , i hate the lakers :o
of course my fellow Brooklynites! Keep the forward motion rollin! I dig it
My eyeballs hurt. Way too much time in front of spreadsheets today.
Pursuing recovery of #Adoption Tax credit in #chapter 7 trusteeship
Thanks for the link; it was great to meet you!
Walmart rolling out new &#39;disc-to-digital&#39; service
MayI just offer that missing this tweet is right up there with not investing in google on the regret-o-meter!
You ok, homie?
might develop a complex if you keep referring to his details as "minor."
Nick age 4: stitches in the forehead. Age 5: stitches in the back of the head. Age 6: stitches in the chin. We're safe for the next 6 months
Umm NO BISH U DONT NEED MY NUMBER! We weren't friends!.
Attending the Social Media and Communication Symposium at RIT.
Party on Fremont Street. Woot Woot!!!!
you would make my month if I got those tickets. Please.
God dam! This card I got is making me tear up reading it lmaooooo 6 foot 4 crying in the dam store this is grounds 4 getting robbed!
a verifyed account is following me!!!!!!!!! WOOHOO
Oh, I don't remember that. Will do this time, though. I'm in the midst of two projects. It's very rewarding work. And nifty!
RT : Cool - A live social media crisis is going on during our summit {GM Stops Buying Facebook Ads}
I sadly must say goodbye to my braces tomorrow... it has been a beautiful 3 years. :)
shine away.
Done and done!
I wont be 21 until late May
PIERRE is #Navy Yard. We'll be ready in 10 min.
