wanna go halfsies with me on colton dixon? :) hahaha
Time to leave. Goodbye twitter buddies :D
What am I supposed to think over it? I think I've actually heard it before and it's creepily vulgar.
The evening program for our Arts & Eats for Justice Gala is coming along! Counting down until December 6th!
by creating 1 MILLION LESS JOBS A MONTH than Obama (-818K v +243K) & couldnt even finish 2 WARS he started...u are out of your fucking mind
So weird. RT : The awkward moment when you reflect on your life and realise that it's one big awkward moment.
Oh bitch I'm coming!
Going to bed at six in the mornin
fans, respect the #koaladancebot ...go I.aM.mE!!! RT if u c the "" #bieberfever and #ChachiFever all the way!!!
Performing at indie night tonight at 9pm at eGarage with But first I have a dentist appt. at 6:15pm. The excitement continues.
Delish breakfast this am... banana, PB, honey, and a sprinkle of granola all wrapped up in a whole wheat tortilla. Yum
i actually need them for an event just to wear. are you in raleigh?
I love family guy! 😂
Besos to my sweetie for successfully defending his dissertation today! OMG!
Want to impress a new business prospect? Nominate them for the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Awards! Nominations open now!
God is trying to get my attentiom today, to direct my energies to make the most of my special talents. I will be aware.
#Spartacus is having a crazy sex scene rite now
Fuse is looking 4 twitter peeps tonight 06/06 only. Show this tweet/RT 2 GM Steve. Code word: ElectricSushi. C what happens
you're a good friend!
I'm bored. -_____-
Is she ever gonna let us hang??
I just heard that Dick Clark died. I am very sad but you are in a better place. New Year's will never be the same without you!
“: I canot wait....I absolutely love u guys!!!!”//WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOU SIS!!!
Okay. Thanks for the info.
This weather has me craving Clam Chowder already...
I have James Brown's Man's World see stuck in my head.
You are amazing! Thanks for helping me and sharing!
awwe r u mad at me now?
RT : Univision upfront described in one word "mobilization"
The OutKast member will portray the rock legend in All Is By My Side, which begins filming later this month...
Love the madness!!!! RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE.
Get Burned- Sleeper Agent <such a good song!
we don't believe in child labor.
no good night tweets?
Full auditorium at Dana. Passionate Principals presented briefly tonight. What a great crew we have in Point Loma
I swear he kinda walks normal now I almost wanted to call him jared haha.
There's no light w/o dark, feminine w/o masculine, good w/o bad, right w/o wrong. Become whole and merged, and not one-sided.
yo dude, get the shoes??
Having heart to hearts with my mommy >>> 
can u blog about your move to cleveland?
I'm going to have a Domino's Pizza I get a free coke in Boston stores if I say BarCast
"that look like money? Money be green." -D
Thanks for the follow. Bloggers and their readers had a blast at the event in Nov. Do you all plan on using Twitter more now?
I Do Whatever My Rice Krispies Tell Me To.
Real-time analytics clearly demonstrate the immediate impact of social sharing on traffic and revenue.
hi. how high/low should a tie bar be worn? many thanks.
Heartbreak, like a knife, / cuts through our complacency / ravaged beyond pain.
Hey you are officially the subject of my first tweet. we need to see each other more
maybe SJSU Engl Dept can implement more DH formally into curriculum & take advantage of our creative writing prog too for e-lit?
We need a few BLOG mentions about us at Sunset Island Music
perfectly fine you have my permission
I didn't know Lou had a speech impediment
Already listen and download the podcast RT: We currently have the KC Soccer Show on
Steenbock's on Orchard?
This my album, & when your parents try to come around, do the fuckin' exact opposite of turning' it down.
Good job Chavez!!! I wonder if Eric Chavez has Tweeter Account
Ireally dont wanna go out n search for these 4s
"All your dreams can come true if you have the courage to pursue them."
#hungry o.0
Madison had his hands inside his shirt throughout the whole interview lol
Thank you, Nidal.
Invite from #duolingo came through, first #Spanish lesson went well, Stanford CS101 lesson is next
Completely agree about 3D. Hoping this awful trend ends soon.
I'm at rabbit club with and we're talking.
"It may take time, patience, listening, & decreeing to move on beyond your fears & doubts, to rise out of any valley of despair."
I feel ur pain all the way from Oregon. What a disastrous game. Thanks god Seattle at home next week!!
off to Atlantic City this weekend!!!
This whole week I'm not doing my hair like I always do #TooLazy !
Walek principal Mary Beth Kissane sat on the "Investor Relations Road Map" panel at the Bond Buyer's 501(c)3 Super Conference last month.
At what time of day was Adam born? Just before Eve.
It was warm, now it's cold again. Remedy: hot apple cider and bourbon. Happy holidays!!!
So glad "Directioners Are Sexy Carrots" went off the list of Austin trends today. Scary.
:P Hi Duncan. <3
Just recorded 3 teachers for our Classnotes podcast on STEM ed in high minority high school.
A: 6-8 of faculty from Notre Dame come to corp office & do lectures for our leadership team.
is being watched,
that kind of makes me want to birth my own baby wombats. is that weird?
Mr. G da mooch.
what is the most powerful symbol of our age?
Took kids from my non-profit out to lunch with the Amazons SO FUN :D my kids n clients r krazy kool ;)
Great weekend with new friends. Hope you guys had fun
Happy Superbowl! Any thoughts on who is going to win?
#WhenAustin says "I'll play one last song" on ustream. :)
My kids got a huge kick out of seeing the live webcams of the waves on Surfline. I am dying for a trip back to SoCal. Counting the days.
Gross they suck.
yeah my steroid usin ass did say it you lil limp dick skinny ass trick. wtf you gonna do about it crack head? lol it wa a joke
Love weekends .. Seeing Bad Teacher & going snorkeling .. Then getting my hair did .. 8-) sunshine to all
haha I'm glad you pointed out my stupidity!!!!!!!! Love you
I feel soo tonight. Cooking two pork-based dinners!
love hearing that. Have rondo give em the work. They don't want that problem
Thanks for the bday wishes ! Spending a nice day relaxing with my mom :)
don't be mad!]
Mostly I enjoy Death Cab for Cutie more now, because I think it probably makes Zooey Deschanel sad.
I've lent Billy Cundiff a few of my pumas to patrol his property until this all blows over - or when Kevin Gregg ruins Opening Day.
So is that Damn jingle they have in the commercial RT : “: Miller 64 is gross” very gross.
Radio news says Seattle Police Dept now has drones (?!) and that today's May Day demonstrations have the "same chemistry" as WTO riots.
Good Morning Twitter! What's Up With Ya?
My redneck friend on marriage equality-"if gays want to be as miserable as I was in marriage, have at it!"
RT *Tonight*Come Get ur Party On @ 24K The livest & SEXIEST Fri Night Going>new record this aint water on deck
oh wow lol
you know it's been a rough night when my retainers are on my nightstand
whaddup lady!!! you know i tend to dissappear lol!! how r u??
Does rapid succession of named beers account for the Hopper nostalgia?
happy mothers day even tho ur not a mom yet! Lol :p
Hahhahah I love her and I want to lose my virginity with her :(
I honour you, , for not playing the skinny provocative sex object game. I honour you for knowing your true value is your self.
Lost a family member:(. Fond memories but time to move on
bahahaha mines too , with her smart ass what's your sign ?
Wow Kevin na and his #slowplay winning the players. He's had the yips too. Hope he wins
Got to go to Florida this summer.
Toast to craft beers at – RT this for a special #EABF commemorative badge from
Twitter is boring...
I am a hopeless romantic. Goodnight. Phone off!
Move your feet to the rhythm of God's beat.
PATIENCE GRASSHOPPER!!
Flex spot non ppr. L. Robinson or Ogbonnaya
The best time to wear a G sweater is all the time.
I need something to do!
You know you should go to sleep when the sheep your counting start to hit the fence
Happy Valentines Day. Getting cleaned up & ready to do work tonight w/ , & SICK!
I honestly think my last words on earth will be " I wonder what this button does"
Mad Shout out to Paul Dang & crew @ 720 Cafe 4 a delicious bruch w/ some righteous spinning sounds, spins, & vibrations for da body & soul.
cool! gimme some feedback. Di track should be on the radio in yard in the coming weeks!
Music makes me feel so good sometimes
Question for those of you who work with music: What artist-aggregator do you use? Do you recommend it? Thanks for your input!
I'l be moderating the investigative news panel #macmuckrakers for at 9:30 a.m. If you're on Palomar's SM campus stop by SSC-1
hi, it was your profile website url under your twitter settings...not the actual twitter URL...oh well probably just a glitch
New Year's run...the most "reliable" rumors say four nights at MSG.
pretty sure running a stop sign/red light and getting hit by a care would kill it anyway.
you know ur leaving wburg when 30 skate/longboarders dart by wearing their obligatory hipster moustaches, skinny jeans & farm shirts
Yeah! RT : Today is #NYU #Commencement Stadium – congrats #Stern2012 & all NYU grads!
I hate people who fart in line
We are lucky to have !! He will fix the drops, and the haters can suck it!!!!!!!!! #GOPACKGO !!!
We both know i'm just one step from walking away, and if I leave i'm not coming back. So prove you care by leaving it alone..
Two-Day Audition/Cold Reading Technique Workshop San Francisco Saturday & Sunday, January 16th and 17th 10am -5pm www.actorsintensive.com
Heading to the streets
Run, run little bunnies; old mean Elmer Fudd works at JFK airport, and he's gunning for you.
but for real, Mo's career shouldn't end like this. As much as people hate on the yankees, Mo's the best in the game, hands down.
Trying on my "you're fired!" face.
lost my glasses
yes I miss you guys! Let's hangout soon :)
I can't even say that once...
“: first one in the new whip lol” yacccceee!
well then you will have something to look forward to.
": People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours."
RT : As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. ~ Da Vinci
This is also another example of why civil rights shouldn't be something left to the ballot box.
#bucks with early lead in Orlando..of course it's the NBA and it doesn't mean much
is it cocktail hour yet?
Little text messages throughout the day really cheer me up :)
Too much media and speculation...not enough evidence.
Follow us on facebook for additional updates on Las Vegas events rooms and shows
Adele is knocking it out of the park, again!
#YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen you take a shit in the sink and then go wash ur hands in the toilet
If my kid was asked to read something ?able, I would ask to read it first, but let him/her and then discuss it.
#WorstTimesToGetABoner being in a tent with ;D
it's ok. That's the UL thing to do.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become. ~ Jim Rohn
First volleyball game of the season tonight! Get fired up team Amazeballs. We'll miss you
. having a blast at #nelsym12!
Queer #mla12 headed to Lobby Bar!
Dear call-center dude. I make the effort to say "No, sorry, don't want it but thank you." If you still persist, you deserve the rudeness.
not too shabby so far =P
Today is National Chocolate Souffle Day
Ok i have gone to the dark side and gotten a twitter account. this will be my last trivial message.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day. Today I'll advocate for more scripted lessons so u work less.
my Falcons bit the dust!!! damn
We hope to see you there!
Ambassador Vineyard Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
good to go! a little thirsty! pickin' some this weekend!
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
Everywhere I go I can't escape the smell of BBQ
Who was the lady singing in the commercial with elton?
Headache has gone from bad to worse. Need to get rid of this now.
super steal of a deal.
FML my pants are still wet
yeah, like we didn't see the sexual harassment thing coming
the Mets are a terrible idea.
there's a new Madea movie coming out!
Im In Paris Boo! Where U At...Meet/Greet ? ? ? ?
I just remembered ABDC came on tonight!
In a battle of the Bon's....I'll always go with Bon Scott
Donated over 24 older Toshiba laptops to #salvationarmy, all with Wi-Fi, DVD and tons of other goodies! I hope it helps someone, somewhere.
If you retweet one of my tweet,ohmygrande...!
You are welcome. Hope to see you in Atlanta
Sending you a #ff shout out and thanks for the RT earlier this week!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
Too damn hot today!!!
A few more days to name our Elk! Best name gets $100 bar tab!
Hehe, valid point.
Give me reason but don't give me choice, cause ill just make the same mistake again.
Another student is working on a short this friday, commercial on saturday and starting on her 1st feature on monday!!thanks
Just brought my lotto tickets. Lines are long. Hope I win! Got great things I want to do!
Haha. I got worn out the other day--wasn't til later I remembered I had a 12-pak of batteries tucked in there.
Watching The Changling.. Creepy..love those old scary movies <3 love B rated sometimes to :) blanky,lights out,cuddling ah
Its here! Its here! Its here!!! #openingday is here!!!!! #GOBREWERS!!!
Wahoo! RT : it was absolutely amazing some of the best sushi ive ever had!! Ill be making another huge order soon!!
#1ofmymanyflaws my eyes -.-
If it's not loud with the windows down the music is not playing at all!!
And Sleeping With Sirens and Mayday Parade.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 23
not really a fan of #wshh. but a big fan of your game!
Ooh, I didn't mean to put my name there....blonde moment, sorry!
River City,would you like to come see and hear some authentic Lynyrd Skynrd music???
Has more than 15,000,000 followers! #dang! U ROCK :) <3333333 Love ur bigger fan Ps, you go man widd those followers keep
Ah...Anne Curry...yeah, um, high waisted skirts don't translate as cute when you are sitting at an anchor desk.
RT : Life is good today in Goodyear AZ. Play ball. (via ) - great way to spend a Friday. Nice! Way jealous here
Screw the Playoffs this Sat nite with live show feat #CodeWhiskey acoustic set and The Smick Brothers 10pm 21+ $5.
Thank you AGAIN for spoiling my daughter with another T-shirt !! #GoBucksGo :-)
My boss is a self-proclaimed booty bounty hunter (ah)
Booked ABC's Primetime TV Show "WHAT WOULD U DO?" filming Wednesday 7/20! Look for me soon!
'fOrward' is a horrible campaign slogan if you're targeting job creators. hint:
I see you mentioned ur engagement pics. Congratulations! FYI we are giving away a wedding veil on my blog if ur interested.
Board Certified and Fellowship Trained Orthopedic Surgeons take you through an IME clinical examination
Off work sitting in parking lot waiting on my nigga to come out listening to music got a lot on my mind!! 😒 Smh
man, we have l4d2 but no one in the office will play it with me :( maybe we could 2 boxes 4 players?
Imma see what my cousins doing this week and play cod mw3 over there
I hear you. it's also good because he talks about organizing courses around inquiry.
I may have unlocked the Birdie Badge, but I opened with a triple bogey.
Ending the night with my longtime friend #Benadryl. Boo allergies!
Bill 21:Alberta Wills&Succession Act has changed. Have your will reviewed to ensure there are no surprises. Need a will? Talk to me.
Thanks for the inspiration. Your quote re: Lin "we ache for real magic" keeps echoing in my head.
Satellite of Love...
probably Saturday , before noon .
SuperImpaCtbootKamp! Follow us on and tweet "I WANT 1 FREE WEEK OF BOOTCAMP" www.superimpactbootkamp.com
I hate when my stomach hurts like this
junior ring? Ugh
Giving some away via Twitter later this afternoon. might be nicer and just let you have them tho :)
My reply is that except (apparently) for when I was 3, I have never worn heels ever ;)~
: hey:) What are some good songs?
I wonder if would do it. She just moved to NYC but spent 5+ yrs in PHX. Want to do a PHX cityguide B?
Video: Interracial Dating: "White Men Do Not Want A White Girl Who Dates Black Boys.White Girls Who Date Black Men Are Fat & Nasty
Family, God, & Honor.
I'm bout to work 8 days straight smh
happy thursday meridith and friends
no, hence why I bitch about her here
Very nice, ur a lucky man.
... my beloved Broncos have a winning record AND it's almost Christmas!
It is inner stillness that will save and transform the world.~Eckhart Tolle
So the martial law test was playing Paparazzi by Lady Gaga in background, on direct tv at least. how appropriate.
I honestly haven't looked at my team once since we drafted
Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when a condom or sexual commercial comes on T.V and ur parents are in the room O__0
ps rudy reminds me a little bit of hufflepuff and by extension you
A major weakness of mine? Staying grounded..
yes i just did IM impressed on how regular it is lmao nicki is usually crazy but I LOVES IT
I'm sorry, but I just don't understand the appeal of Instagram. A cheesy way to post poor quality pics to twitter (basically)?
Well, it's 1 am and i'm still up... on a school night. #IveBeenPlayingTempleRun :^P goodnite ♥
the fact that i will be at millvale practice tomorrow >>>>>> ❤⚾
Here comes a kid without his shoes says hes here for the show, 'sorry kid , chris drew's enough for this world!'
Brad Pitt scooped best actor at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards on Monday for his performance in Moneyball and Tree of Life.
Working on a group page and a like page as we speak. A place where Talent from all around the world will get noticed.
awww we miss you too, but at least we don't open at midnight or something crazy...still 8AM-5:30PM on Fri Nov. 25
New year resolutions failed in a row , as of jan 2nd.
hahahahahahaha that just made me lmbo
Making your car keys disappear
Good Morning Welcome to our twinning tweets & watch out for our competition to win 2 tickets to Last Night of Proms in Newark.
i hope is okaay! hows your mouth?
I'll follow you back, will that make you feel better?
Thank you sir!
It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether
: Sad day bro... Junior Seau found dead!
Good luck with your interview!
Thank you so much! Happy Weekend! RT #FF Because she generous and funny!
what wink lol.
I'm great! I'm pretty amazing actually :) How are u Liza?
Agreed. The spare tire really makes it special, and the gold plating ups the class.
It's #Aloha Friday and we're thinking there's no better time to book a massage at Ho'ola #Spa than right now! Are you in?
The government spends tax money on the most ridiculous shit.
Chrome: Fastest on Macs, Favorite on Weekends?
if you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go? <21
:) Okay I might.
So nervous for this ranger game #anxiety they better win
#NW John Carter
man twitter deleted us as friends cuhz where dw do that at????
Thank you for the great food at #TEDxSummit at
Jumping in head-first! Squee!
Hello, wonderful weekend! Saturday morning at the Lowertown farmer's market, followed by a swim. Productive start to the day & I like it.
Enjoyin my new fone just a tad bit more
“What we must decide is how we are valuable rather than how valuable we are.” ~ Edgar Z. Friedenberg
RT : It's just a matter of time, 'til you find, he's no good, girl. -Carrie Underwood
Friday in Vegas! Who's getting crazy?!?!
Carter is working us to the bone right now.
() At Mt. Vernon a visitor asked "where's the mountain?" When told there isn't one she asked "then where are the faces?"
nigga idc about what Jc tells you while you give him dome.
I wish I was going to the game tonight ! Oh well I'll watch it on tv! #blackandyellowpride !
hates it when the people who should be tryin' to make your life easier are the ones who are makin' it harder!
We'll be rocking Carne Cruda Classic COMPLETE tonight at Disco Volante
did nick follow u
first outdoor practice today. Now the REAL season starts
y havent u looked me up. Ive called, but to no avail....silence.
I would but I have a shoot in the city at 3. Nothing caps off a workout at the gym like pancakes and swine.
Willie B what's good!
Plectrum's next monthly Singer-Songwriter Showcase Series will be held on Thursday 11-3-11 starting at 8pm at Club Bohemia downstairs at th…
In an effort to fill your home with the sounds of the holiday...join us on WFYI 90.1 FM - tomorrow at 8pm for Festival of Carols.
Go ahead lol its not like they are watching you, hell if you can go on stage and preform then you can drive hAHA
Union Rags, Creative Cause, Alpha, Sabercat are my 4 ponies 🐎🐎🐴🐴
is awesome! Thanks for following
Trying out a way to cover my wrist tattoo but now it feels like its covered in itchy tape
thanks for the great insights you gave at the crowdfunding meetup at the Santa Monica Apple Store. Great stuff!
Just started Buried Secrets today, expecting another great book from
"A heartbreak is a gift from god. It's just his way of letting you know he saved you from the wrong one" <3
lol! “: Told the cat I'd buy her a diamond-studded litter box if I won the #megamillions. (I don't play the lottery.) #lyingtopets”
Off topic, but CM Ashby is looking slim and trim. Not sure what last 10 lbs she's talking about!
I'm sleeping while my moms texting and driving.... Lemme wake my ass up
hey joe what's up. My fam havin a super bowl party then. We should get up soon
You never know as much as you think you do
I am getting so dark from the sun! Im about to be chocolate instead of orange, my native Mexican color!
when will you set up a night event? I could drive up and hang for a bit.
Thanks so much for coming out to hear us! We'll forward the compliment on to Paige. :)
All packed up and leaving. Good bye BSU, hello summer.
Scum of the earth, to all of the slime. Just because I'm fucking earning what's mine.
Chronicle is a crazy movie! I wish I had powers that would be pretty cool
i know u aint talkin bout me... last time I checked Ninja isnt 2 workds.. so uh uh uh hush.
A positive mind brings nothing but positive things good afternoon everyone
Hey haha ya I figured that out after I sent that!! AWESOME I will follow them!!!!
A block away from the fire there was a triple shooting. Oh, this will be an interesting night on the ambulance.
BiblioBazaar: a non-traditional publishr with almost as many 2009 titles as all the traditional publshrs combined http//tinyurl.com/y3f38c5
This is a test...
TY! #SafeTY is not an accident.
A wins a win in the playoffs..and we were up by double digits the whole gm until the end
Best battle rappers RIGHT NOW. DNA, TSU SURF, CHARLIE CLIPS. nobodys fucking with them
Such an absolutely beautiful day today in Vegas. I am so so so thankful.
Which lines have been running infrequently? We have gotten almost no complaints. I will gladly work on this with some direction
The waiting game sucks, but I do like making informed decisions about my health.
please follow she is you biggest fan!10
I hope Gov. Christi got to stop at Mars Cheese Castle as a reward for stumping for
It drives me crazy that flickr's "Sign Up" link is pink and not the "Sign In" link. I nearly click it *every* time.
Fresh Kid Ice reporting for RT : Update: Report of Derrick Rose's injury was premature; his status is unknown
I hate seeing friends taken advantage of.
we're looking for more! Paid positions for sales. Send good candidates our way!
WVU is going to allow beer sales during games...this is going to end badly lol.
They say snow in NYC today. Maybe. I'd be pleased if they'd turn on the heat. So would the cats.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts HDE 7" Tablet Stand with USB Keyboard - Black Faux Leather Carrying Case
I need to do something different with my hair 💆💇
not my horse, he's a friend of the family's horse. But I believe he has some thoroughbred n him!! He's sweet! 💓
GM, Happy Wednesday & Happy Lets get focused day b/c the week is almost over with
hey sexy, u should dm me sometime
GAY PEOPLE, IS THE REASON WHY I BREATHE.
How was ur dayy(; & do you remember me from the greet and meet in Chicago? Tweet bck pleasee
In class watchin somebody help me!!!...
Love when people don't call me back on days I have to shoot news packages! Makes my job so much easier.
"Let the right one in" is a good vampire movie. What makes it scary is that its in Swedish so everyone sounds like theyre talking backwards
They Have To Find Out Who Kidnapped Me First.....
What a nice day it is...great day for some baseball
Awhhhh(: Thanks you! <3 Austin love you too though, he loves all his Mahomies!!(:
Direct Message Us for Discounts at MusicalStop.com ! The one Stop shopw for Independent Artists!
Tip of the day: it is hard to see the bright side of things when the sun is not out.
you ARE love, darling.
Everytime I think of that "2 girls & 1 Cup" video I want to throw tha f*** up
and to anyone who thinks i look like her is nuts lol
My name is Edmond, it's nice to meet you both.
I found out the name of the song it's called midnight city by M83 #justsaying hahaha :P
I am cravin' a burger! RT will be at tonight! We hope to see you all there.
#Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words:
YT has search opportunities not available anywhere else.why do news orgs insist on death-gripping on to their content? "control"?
Only took me three times. That's pretty good!
come on MIA is a bad girl!! I <3 her
Thank you for the RT!
At the Hannah house to celebrate 's birthday...again. That's what she gets for having a busy cousin - 3 birthdays!
I arrive Wed: reception at 5:30. Thurs: panel at 10 AM: Girls with Grit. Signing at 3 PM, TLA Aisles #TXLA12. If you see me say howdy.
haha I know... and it sees frequent use. But paid for it so my lifetime boycott is in tact.
Lávate los dientes! = brush your teeth! (command)
Thats good to hear :)
"You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart. I will be found by you," declares the Lord... Jeremiah 29:13-14
Entire paragraph one sentence and no punctuation. Brb dying on the inside
I do not understand hoarding!
Boozer can get that all night! Step it up Booz!
Be sure to stop by the movie tonight, guys! :-)
The kids these days are calling it swag I call it trillness RT : be prepared to be ragged on for days
Looked up publisher info from my vegetarian and allergy cookbooks today. Good info to know!
: if you have a moment, and I just sent you an e-missive and could really use your input! Merci bien!
they haven't been out of 1st rd since 1997 RT : Ecuador losing to Brasil.....-____- lol that was expected tho.
Let's Go Sixers
hope everything goes good
Cinco De Mayo...wow, what a day it will be. Join us tomorrow for $1 House Margs and our special Taco Pizza.
RT : "Achieving starts with believing." ~Unknown #quote RT
HEYHEYHEY! I love you too (:
how do private investors get in on this
I love the original Highlander movie.
ah...not really...just slightly more endearing than that. But only slightly ... haha.
I would LOVE to hear #wits every weekend. Maybe it will be the successor to PHC?
Left early from school :)
Twitter + Ideas + Collaboration = brilliant. Any PDX local biz that wants approx 1000-2000 new customers let me know! Love to connect!
Nope. Not what I mean at al.
ur link is dubious - it does not go to my content - please stop spamming the #genealogy and #1940census community!
bieber is mine
OL500 and IT500. We need to register in the same class this week !
-- VERY BUSY DAY TODAY!! I WILL BE TAPING A "NASHVILLE LATIN XPRESS" CHRISTMAS SPECIAL. STAY TUNED FOR FURTHER ANNOUNCEMENTS ON THIS...
It's that time again! Make your way down now because Family Night has started. When you purchase and Adult Entree get a free 4pc. Kids...
#Orioles say "C Ya" 2 bust Brad Beregesen. Just 17-24 w/ team. Most remembered 4 blowing out arm in commercial. Marty Cordova lol @ that
sunny nails
RT : Don't forget to register for New Wave of Journalism, SPJ regional conference. Early bird discount ends Mar 30....
hustlas move bricks , gangstas bang hammers .
Morning everyone have a great day today
Hey Everyone! Hope your New Year is off to a great start! I'm personally looking forward to a promissing 2012.
on naming drinks @ the bar
Doug Wood D.O., Senior VP - Academic Affairs, awards John Crosby with honorary degree from ATSU.
Bishop is touching and agreeing with the destiny that God has for your life.
starting a movie making project for my kids based on the book they read... any suggestions?
Hello #NashaRashaNYC Followers have a great day!
tell Tammy her favorite nephew said happy birthday!!
I LOVE this story so much your so awesome at making stories!!!:D
hey sweety! How are you?
really! it was actually sunny on mine, my friend had her eyes closed when he took the photo, its so funny!
How do you send an automatic direct mention to new followers?
pray about it then it might happen
when I ask for a favor there should never be a why… like past the salt, some one say ''why?'' BITCH… WHY NOT ! !
You should use that quote during our panel on the 15th.
Uuuugghghgh this is why i hate trains!
I hate those dreams that are so very plausible in reality then you wake up thinking it really happened. Annoying!
Awww .... So sorry I wasn't what you expected! ... lmfao
let's go watch a movie:D Me,you,your boyfriennn&&mabe my lover:b If he's not mad at me>.<
you could of asked nicer you fuckin jerk =)
I got something epic. Couldn't lock down the end. It has strong character roots.
working at BTS exhibit at Transportation Research Board conference all day.
I don't know what it is about flying , but I always feel *safer.* And yay for a half-full plane! California, here I come.
TGIF! Have a good day everyone!
Or just Cabin In The Woods is fine. :)
RT : Not a serif font to be found here. :)
kayla, don't we all ?
Ok, you sound good, yo. Thank you. Really. This is my FAVORITE CURE SONG.
If I've been playing campaign offline due to online issues, will my ranking stats still load up on multiplayer online?
you sure? *threading rope through my fingers*
Aw! thank you Mr. Hudson. :) RT : Happy bday to the sweetest person ever ;)
Fine guess i'll eat some cereal without you.
You are not in this world to live up to other people’s expectations, nor should you feel the world must live up to yours – F Perl.
Can't wait for Midnight in Wilmington at the DCCA!
Hi saw you tonight
Live. Now. Listen. www.iphoneslutz.com - iPhone app reviews from people who know and love apps (a little too much).
YES! Are u guys enjoying it so far??
between classes....wokin' on my REAL master plan...
Give us 3 years of Romney, & he'll put Bush's recession 2 shame. 1% will feast on th misfortunes of the mid class, & O will not rescue us.
see you all on the dark side of the moon (:
Finally started watching Planet Earth. It's incredibly awesome.
#initiative The biggest lesson bands/artists can learn. Get out there and make it happen for yourself. No one can hand you success.
:) hope so. Yeah they are contracting the former operations manager to come in and train me for a few saturdays. I'm on my..
I'm just going to send my hologram to work in my place for the rest of the week. He's the other half amazing.
rite here boo
so 2 stories to tell you already
This one belongs to the Reds!!!!
Thanks to everyone who braved the cold weather and stopped by our booth at the Ohio Baseball Coaches Convention!
Thanks so much for the RT! Enjoy!!! -Kevin
YUM! Try it with SPORTea too for a little different taste
Getting the MAJOR run-around from our travel broker. Meanwhile, we're stuck in Bangkok.
Why is it that a few weeks before school starts is when summer really begins ?
that's the first time i've been called that before...
does anyone drink tuaca in this state?
We are going, so if you happen to be in town...
More rain!! Ah
HAPPY B-DAY TO
Take care to reduce any inflammation you may have due to allergies. Mint is very good for this, in strong tea.
Who got me on a wake up call though?
You shoulda seen JaVale before media training... he was cussing and screaming... it was sad... RT Ever heard of media training?
HA!!! RT : I swear virtual meetings = me not paying attention... until they call my name then I ask them to repeat the question lol
And I thought #biggestloser was your favorite show RT : getting ready to watch breaking bad!!
Threadbare old tomcat Snores all spring in the rocker Mewing like a child
What happened to the chick from TacoCat?
i will be broke after graduation lol oh gosh either way im excited for six flags :)
Haha RT : I Cried When Knicks Fans Thought They Was Gone Win !
ok. Cool. I'll let you know the time can come to
in my office watching old episodes of Cheers and Laverne and Shirley
Aww, thanks so much, love! did a great job and he picked it out by himself! :)
i have 5 more lazy Minutes fuck off !
alright well I'll be there at about 830 or 9
Pieces of Me (Imagination and Contemplation) Book 2---You're going to love it! Now available on Amazon.com and www.lewhagood.com
the bullpen is spectacular! me and my friends know these aren't the same Orioles :)
Good morning everyone
LOL...she did. The, "Daddy you said..." line shuts me down every time. Then it becomes...just do what I asked. LOL.
Pretty sure I wanna fuck forever love
Thanks for your help Joel, Have him follow me and I'll give him all the info. We'll take good care of him.
Hey #Cleveland history folks, any insights/materials on the Hanna, Roxy, and Lyceum theater bombings in the 1970s?
art class swag :)
Good music, good people, good weather, good day at the Riverdale MD Arts Fest...thank you for your hospitality
My moms car battery died while she wasn't even using it.
A lazy Saturday off. I'll let all the drunken 'woo Vegas' yokels have the #blackjack tables to themselves today. :)
Oh no you didn't bitchh
ya buddy! Celebrating 2 year anniversary and seeing my 2 month old nephew.
hooray! my boyfriend is the best...related: I am overjoyed to be going back to this year.Lemme know if you will be there.
Yesterday I learned a lesson that's sinking in: Sometimes you can't redeem yourself you just have to let go. I'm becoming a grownup!
lmao omg i forgot all about that ! who was that "girl" i cant remember who it was lol.and we have so many memories its cray
Also reading bell hooks's _Teaching to Transgress_ which is so illuminating. Helps inform my style of pedagogy as collaboration w/ students.
actually this is false. There is no one named Qwert Yuiop
Hey - I have an extra ff ticket for tomorrow. Free if you want it.
check out the great music on www.livefromdarylshouse.com ! epic collaborations
I just gave someone on the street directions! I apparently live here for real now!
hey I heard everything went great! Congrats and keep me posted when audio becomes available!
That inner blonde moment when the article of clothing you're looking for is on your body.
Celtics in 5. Unless Rondo gets thrown out, then the Celtics will sweep,
I vote yes.
New Opportunities come your way!
The time difference is killing me this AM. It also could've been the shots...
April 14, 6pm, #CUNY Grad Center: Martin Schain (NYU), Explaining Transatlantic Differences in the Immigration Debate.
Still have it in stores I think :)
super yummy! Thanks for writing about it!
Amare's braids are controlling his mind. That's why he punched that glass.
Ayo Nation..Stand Up!
And back to you I'm fucking obsessed with #UnderTheMistletoe it gives me a
Thank You for making my friend 's day by singing Happy Birthday to her. You made her cry!
Rain rain go away. Come again - never!
Why is it that every barista has better handwriting on the side of a cup than i do on paper! #whatsyoursecret!
I miss Whitney Houston so much!.. Random thoughts," SPARKLE"... A Winner & A Classic....Love u Whitney!
Good Morning Lisa. Thanks for bringing this to our attention. Are you able to confirm what event this is happening to?
Wow. I have a daily "cheat" as long as it fits in my macros and calories. I even behave on holidays.
of course & ate our brownies. I'll see them Thursday!
Today is a great day to SMILE!
Sometimes all you need to do is shift your focus to get a different result.
did you say free mulch?? where???
So excited for the FMM Innovation Summit tomorrow w/ and !
I've got "screw you alarm clock" covered!
Just watched the recap video on Congrat , on your induction into the International Sports Hall of Fame. Great story!
Don't play the game if all you're going to do is lose.
are you guys gonna be on warped this year?? :)
I have so much of this constant want of satisfaction on my mine, and #I WONT STOP TILL I GET IT TEAMMILITANT I WANNA GO
1 more follower for 300 so keep following :) i follow back :)
what now? Nj bound?
lol wat kind of bs language is that
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoyed the conference.
I love skittles <3
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down. That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
It's cherry blossom season in DC!
Watching Family Guy...stupid funny lol
After watching this interview, I believe I just developed a lot respect and admiration for
hahaha I called it out of curiosity....busy tone! ;P
I kno a few who r bi p & r crazy as fuck cuz they don't take there meds my guess is bipolar schitsophrenic w dilusional lol
... A wonderful evening for certain for those who are able to attend!
How did i NOT KNOW that was on twitter?
Oh no. Suggs tore his achilles playing basketball.
No CES for me this year. If you're going, hope you enjoy it.
We're like dominos I fall for you but you fall for another.
Drinking a perfect for cold weather Storm King. Bought my second case of it this winter yesterday to close out the cold weather
I need 3 friends over ..1 bring a blender 2 bring tequila 3 bring margarita mix LOL
Eh but .. No pain no game right ?
#rbs11 tells the long & fascinating story of recovery of Gibson's e-poem Agrippa. Google "online archive of agrippa."
Sitting in NY wondering about civil society builders in Pakistan. Came upon a mind-blowing org called T2F. dying to chat with you!
Great read, Diane! Now if we get rid of Terry Grier at HISD and his VAM garbage that district can get rid of another vampire.
I love <3
Good luck to student's starting classes today. Hope Hurricane Irene didn't cause too many delays.
Inside job: U.S. track&#39;s CEO search finally ends
Great news! I'm now accepting credit card payments. Powered by www.squareup.com. Square is safe and secure.
i love this day
YaHyUh...cant wait 4 V & M to get BEAT THE F*#K UP...! lol talking all that jUnk!hahahahaha
And Oscar jumped on the bed an I got up an jumepd off my bed and the stupid arch framein my room And I hit my hand
i love that face! xD
It's really sad how most of y'all are making fun of being pregnant. It's her life so stfu!
Lolls (: Yes i Love that Name . But Wassssssssupppp Today ?
Activists: Despite truce, Syria troops attack Homs - The Associated Press
I miss my phat mama
We are gonna have to spend every day together! Today was priceless!! (:
So I'm turning in "early" this morning. Mixing and mastering my new single-"Makin' Love" Soon to be available for Download,
happy birthday wishes to looking forward to the #sunsetsessions keynote conversation with this am.
My nose seems determined to go all ' code milky green' on me.
aww thanks & happy belated to you Taurus-Sister :)
Feeling alone.. The Army's up the road. Salvation a la mode and a cup of tea..
thank you :) <3
I will shoot her a call, I have no voicemails from her.
just a warning: my next few tweets will be about the thunder and mavs game.
Grouposts is coming...
Amazon will let me create an instance with bad account information, but they won't let me connect to it?
Good luck!! He will!
she made my day with that :)
Free downloads this week!!! :)
Listened to Blue Slide Park twice so far. Think it's great! Great job Mac!
The "Occupy Your Mind" is amazing! Everyone check out 's tour mates, & ! :)
I DONT HATEE ON BOY'S WITH TRAMP STAMPS
Never give in to those who bully U. Always stand by UR convictions &always support who work beside U. Never 4get 2 respect whose taught U.
In my J Cole bag(;
wow, can't wait to hear about how it goes this time... I'm seriously considering it when I can afford it!
ShOw YouR MoM some Love! #MothersDay gift cards available,
If I'm already over my data limit, what will happen if I occasionally get on twitter without wifi?
Don't miss my #waronwomen ad, "Fighting Back" running tonight on CNN & MSNBC. Watch out between 6:30 and 10:30 tonight.
The things I do 4 him he just don't understand or do the same it's like he's not there 4 me anymore 
Jst Got Dat Take Care & Cole World
my bad
the toilet scene in dumb & dumber always kills me...watching it now. heh.
#FF Thanks for mentions, retweets: - all great resources.
I'm thinking about getting some Keds. Hmm.
yea I saw
LUCASS YOU FUCKINNGG AWESOMMEE IF YOU RETWEET THIS YOU WILL MAKE MY YEAR!!! ONLY ONE BUTTON!
When I said 'death' before 'dishonor', I meant alphabetically.
When's you birthday?
By all means! Mighty kind of you, thanks! I've until we launch down river on June 16 (Thats the last day I can raise funds 2 win)
So now would be a bad time to brag about getting to go home and hack some C for my Friday night? Cuz I'm excited about it.
You're too sweet! RT : thank you once again solidifying why you are the
My camera/s will be in SD, and I will be in LA this weekend. That is a good thing.
- keep doing what you do - #PatriotsNation is proud of you! See you in September!
Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool: globalization has brought great inequality to those who are not qualified to participate
hey man, happy holidays!
I'm ready for our track meet today!.
Happy #MarathonMonday! We'll be live tweeting our runners' locations all day!
Hi Kelly. Thanks for the follow.
mentioned you in a song I wrote! Details soon!! You rock!
Today Has Been Fucken Amazin! I Never Seen So Much Talent In One Room Among Teens Which Pushes Me Even More.
I just checked in at The Falls (8888 S.W. 136th St, Miami) on
i miss you too <3
I Takes A Lot 2 Say I Care N Less 2 Say I Don't Give A Fuck.
its freaking ridiculous!!!!
WHO SAY DAT MY GOONZ AIN'T SHOOTING ... WHO SAY THAT THE REAL NIGGAS DNT SALUTE ME !!!
Is today an a b or c day
I would never! Omg it's so nice out you better be on that bike :p
Happy Birthday to me...my tweethearts!
Hope everyone had a great time this past weekend! Make sure to keep dry on your rides this week!
Yup was right Candy Chang was the sleeper presentation of the #caprsa conference!
Damn you sports radio. Damn you!
definitely the time zones. Also I sort of chepovetskied, didn't even tweet yesterday! (Well, almost...) Tomorrow?
When girls come into my life i usually don't give em the time of day, but you were different. To bad you walked away
i can install the full version of MSO pro , reply if interested
Bumble Bee Blazer from yes
sending you a hug
Aww Happy Birthday !!! I love you so much!!
Its amazing how the only mate I can rely on and trust is Ashleigh.
Hi!! Miss you too!
biking right down from Soros Land.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
are you post rapturing in KC or Detroit?
: If you're talking about Thompson's Point of View's old spot, that would be The Neighbor Lady. Same owner of Twilight.
okay i'm back
Back into the world of Hammock.
Awesome! Will do just waiting for the mixdown...
I know!! Its blowing me away!! I was swimming last weekend, now I need to go back and pull out winter clothes! Ha!
Some sad stuff of how now I finished my homework and studying
Live n relive the rev in my dreams
16 years but he still declining as he should with age But it's hitting Wade earlier cuz of the beating he took going way back
whats next is you go shopping and get a new hair do.
": One of these days I'm gonna take $100 and buy all the candy I want at the Sweet Factory." Change that to taco bell..
Internet isn't working and a technician has to come out. Yay.
That was cool.
Didn't realize they were *all* up for sale. Wow. Remember when it was the Seven Gables chain?
love curry ANYTHING.
wi, nw, and minn, appealed together to have burst able to change, choose uw.
Need a court reporter for depositions in Milwaukee Wisconsin? Brown & Jones has complimentary conference rooms with HD videoconferencing.
The essence of #cinema is #editing -
... Free life coaching. It seems that mindset is such a great barrier!
Rumors? impressive bitch. at least you're spreading something other then your legs.
So is no1 answering my calls today?
If you want something bad enough. Get on out there and hate the sh** out of it. ...this is so inspiring *tear* ty dane robbins :D
girl Ikr! Mine felt good bc I had some like real nappy roots!
stop assuming shit . witcha insecure ass .
She who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
looking for dinner suggestions that can be delivered..
I am a friend of Jann Scott. I worked with him closely for over 10 years in the '80s and '90. I like him a lot. Thank you.
That's great! We should sponsor some events together in the near future.
Wonderful show tonight, I loved the "living room talk." It made my day. :)
CTU supports impact of art on learning. We say longer school day can help bring art to all. http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FjHDQS4
what a beautiful day in Seattle... Dog walk is on the radar.
Yeah, I'm mad that I had their other album on my dead laptop iTunes... so listening to older one. Brilliant.
You can't be the same height as me and expect to be wearing "the pants."
Splintering of formats erodes universality of access per in order to take advantage of advanced, varied platform capabilities.
well it's cold in here so you know what that means. 😜
I dont even want to finish watching the game. Ive been sad all day, & watching them lose is just making it worse.
what'd they say?
ik do u also pee in a coconut
And in this fashion I continued to learn to be an electrician
RT : Biz Dev...How do you expect to grow your business if either you never answer the phone or don't return phone calls?
Cool I'll check it out :)
Tired of being the bad guy
what time does the game start on the west coast? Heats vs knicks
great articles art, places & ad's - What's new - that I should pick up or see this week? "like" Cool #mags.. online blogs...
If you facilitate a seminar discussion on zines, you gotta make one with your classmates. Experiential knowledge is a feminist act, y'all.
Pray for Haiti
We like the hashtag #fridayreads, except here it's also
I am not much of crier. I teared up but I wasn't sobbing.
Although it's Friday the 13th, you're in luck...Get 15% off when u mention MrBills(offer excludes tobacco, cigars & kratom)!
Borrowing library assumes responsibility for items from the time it leaves lender until it gets bach to lender.
lets get it booming
Thanks.there is a reason our program won the most games in 22yrs. You want players to believe in u then u have 2 show u care
I would totally pay for one like that. Today, it was just good fortune.
Everybody knows sweet cream tastes better, right?
#oomf should literally just not be apart of #oomf's life anymore.
yeah buddy ! Wait , your doiing track o_O ?
Reached out 2 you on FreedomRiders. Not sure if you are a member of cultureID (it's free!). If not, pls join & write abt
you want history? Derby County is one of the original founding teams of the FA.
Teaching 8am class this morning
Beiber looks stoned.
Not having met either in person, I think looks like
I agree RT : Definitely make sure you have the face-to-face contact, not just emails, to introduce new staff to clients!
Those lines on my back window are heated??? What the fuck...
#raw10 NCAA makes Billions of $ off of Student athletes, but if student tak any $, there r severe penaltys. If this isnt Pimpin, what is it?
Ma$e back huh? Mase said after that studio pic surfaced last wk he got a Maybach, a Maybach chain and 20 beats from Kaynye..dats love
My throat hurts. .__.
Lars thinks he looks cool rolling the peace sign backwards & horizontally. Maybe you'll look cool too? Give it a shot.
thank-you for the kind words! Hope you can hit some shows when you visit
TODAY from 3:30 - 4:30 in the Commons join Reforma for their El Salvador Labor Conditions talk!
BUST THAT PUSSY OPEN FROM THE BACK
24 Hours Until Tax Day: 7 Reasons We Procrastinate (and How It Costs Us)
Follow Me & Then ill Follow Bck :)
Trying to decide between a travel destination for next Fall. London, Boston, New York or Austin? Ah, why can't I be in four places at once.
Sibu know she is ROCKIN her weight loss success!! She has only been apart of the SBC family since January (just short of 90 days). HAVE...
Leg 17 done!
An absolutely gorgeous day in #Vegas!
then you are even!
Happy Birthday #69 #GeorgeHarrison Rest In Peace.
Pulitzer?!? is a rag and nothing more than a trashier version of People magazine.
Hormone headaches = Lucifer's contribution to the creation of women. curling up in a ball and never moving.
Tailgating of the future is here. www.slyderfootball.com
thank you, that would be wonderful! How should we get the info to you? Email?
Tweet me "Mikey" and i'll tweet Mikey for you!
RT : I find it hard to be around people who aren't enthusiastic about the things they love.
Im glad and i can relate.
Either someone is breaking in or my dog is chewing on the house now. Guess she ran out of bushes and flowers to eat..
hah i want a rabbit
Absolutely need more "pencil ready projects" started in iur nation! #aia2012 Every $1 in buildings is 20 Americans working!
Last night out n about wit ma bitchez 
We are on pace for me to talk for 10 minutes. Love demeanor and patience. Time to roll.
Taking reservations today for auto repair or oil changes for the upcoming week. I come to your office, home of buisness.No mess!
Learnin bout some soul music! Great stuff!
have you talked to Sam?
And more! I'll be passing on Practical Veterinary Urinalysis...
Meeting with to discuss next months Keith's Corner drink! Find out more when our site goes live in December!
Then what do you do when terrorized by Killer Rabbits?
How About a rep meeting if we are already following is that possible?
Oh & I don't wanna hear divorce is contributing to bankruptcy!! My godfather Tom Joyner been divorced TWICE and is still sittin on 50+ mil
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly, first loves irreplaceable, first heartbreaks are unforgettable
holy. cow. cabin. in. the. woods.
#RIPJuniorSeau but I feel even more sorry 4 his kids
Cubs beat the Red Sox today, it's always a good day when the Cubs win!!!
Help! I need my reading glasses to see what strength my reading glasses are.
I'm so glad its almost Friday .
yes haha. so NOW I'm going to sleep. Tweet you tomorrow :)
And don't worry about tiny Dinah getting bullied. I went to art school. I was one of the cool kids.
i found you....now send for me, please....
That you made an excellent first impression
I don't know y'all but dudes a baller, period. On a team full of playmakers stands out
Justin Mellette drops some knowledge and moderates the Harlem Renaissance roundtable.
To this draft PC 2012 get money stay out of Trouble....please Kirkpatrick my dude.... Allot of top qbs still there and linemen wow....diff
Thank you. You will be a great mom. You have a great mom that you have learned from. You will see :)
Even greater than my desire to never be a sales person, is my desire to not be sold to.
Noticed same thing at midday even on weekdays. Whole diff experience to be only person in line at security.
I'm glad soccer coaches don't wear headsets like NFL coaches...makes them look they can't make decisions without asking somebody else.
just met 's Eric. Cool dude. Great ESB.
amanda show!
I honestly can not stop listening to your version of Perfect.
"drinking wine spo dee o dee" :-)
Remember, detachment is just letting go with love.
TODAY, MARIETTA SQUARE....GOING ON NOW.....WINGS AND ROCK FEST. Might be on my way.
Can't wait to see "8: The Mormon Proposition" when it hits theaters (& pay-per-view) next week - www.mormonproposition.com
Why are Cheddar Bob and the Cylon robbing banks?
Lol deion better hand me some sesame place tickets since he work there now 😂
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!! Have a GREAT DAY tomorrow! Find those eggs and bring a bunch over at my place, lol! HAPPY EASTER ALL!!! :)
Jancis says she is really enjoying Twitter & she's almost to 100k followers.
Thanks Scrap. My Uncle, James "Chizzie" Vuono wanted me to say hello.
where you headed to now reverend?
I think your Twitter account has been hacked -- I just got a strange DM from you.
Well I need to wash clothes so i got some thongs to wear for tomorrow lmao
C'mon UNITED!!! We can do this!!
Thanks Debra...I get to celebrate for 5 more days? Woo hoooo..lol
lol. gotcha...will hit you in a few...
Chiana:I apologize in advance for what you are going to have to do to get your diamond ring back.
Get it in my dudes!
#INLegis "smokefree" exemptions turn nursing homes into "need-more-nursing" homes. Sick air = more sick care.
According to Facebook now has 901 million users. Wow!
#teenwolf fan forever & always ♥
welcome I like chicks In of shirts
Tuesday Sports Fix IRA a serious Olympic threat, Carney close to Origin debut, Muamba discharged, and a crazy NHL brawl. Get your Sports
I AM The I AM That I AM
I think things would be easier is we could fly :D
At #OccupyDOJ, on mcing the event, calling for an end to mass incarceration
tell me I'm the best rite now
Want to know how to find your next home in 7 days or less GUARANTEED? 1-800-731-7041 ext. 0017
": People who wait 3 hours to reply to a text with "lol" should be shot."
Is Aubrey really leaving?! :0) Don't stumble on the way out Dearie.
Had coffee today and got my wall st paper.
Thanks for sharing our deal. Thoughts about the service so far?
Stories on every #NFL team in 1 place-USSportspages.com
thank you for the rt!
substantial. I am in you.
Did I really waste this much paper on an ap course description?!
HAHAHAHA! RT : Facebook is down. Expect a huge spike in births in nine months.
vermont syrup... grade B - or at least DARK AMBER
just saw the bayou. nothing is left. it's gone.
The fact that I have another year left in school aggravates me.
"bynum, what was up with your shoddy PnR defense?" "uh what? um i can't hear you next question"
if you mess up, he might beat you.
Did he see The Color Purple? That counts too.
There goes the 2012 draft.
supposed to. Hope you guys luck out of it too!
Beauty is not caused.It is~Emily Dickinson
It looks like rain
All three of our lawyers have been named top attorneys in Washington, D.C. and Maryland's Super Lawyers magazine for 2007, 2008 and 2009.
Back to my quiet house for some Netflix and a bowl of cereal. This is my life.
"Political Philosophy: From Plato to Mao" - Perfect handbook. Locke, Confusius, Hobbes, Smith, Marx, and many more!
Talking sports w Jason n Deb in a few. Tune in to hear Deb tune out.
Plug your electronics into power strips.
A real man gives his girl the attention she deserves, gives her all of his love, calls her beautiful, and treats her like a queen.
I look forward to being in the presence of you and this summer. Miss yallls strange understanding of the other...
My single what? RT : RT if your Single ❤😘
Cool? Gotta link?
do you have an American importer?
Stop being a bitch. God damn.
Thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend!
Next stop is Three Sisters Vineyards on June 3-5! It's an awesome event near Dahlonega, Georgia.
It says you're not following me <sniff>
Type "Let it Snow" into Google, your browser ... it gets snowy.
stay asking ppl to Skype and oovoo but but be mad if i say hi to another female
chillin with would be crazy.i would learn so much. I guess seeing him on the stage tonight will be good.
Follow me for discounts on auto repair and oil changes. I come to your office or business in oklahoma city
everybody is kung fu fighting, everybody is fast as lightning. o OH OH O
if i worked for Target i'd be at a meeting today with shakira, faith hill, renee zellweger and black eyed peas to boot
nice story on #Pinterest. You know I love the site
Martha! I replied to your tweet last week, but I guess it was saved as a draft on my phone :( I live in OB on cape may @ froude
Looking forward to it!
BURGER TIME! Come grab our "Scampi" Shrimp burger or a burger with smoked salmon!
just got done listening to "Weird Al" Yankovic - Skipper Dan and it was a good song
Sims game as metaphor for poverty. Players get caught-up in wanting increasing reality instead of getting the "feeling of poverty".
Doing my best to send my obnoxious neighbor happy thoughts, because if she were at peace she probably wouldn't be obnoxious...not working!
thanks for RT Janni I think that is one of the best chapters in the book & excellent for teaching!
Making throwing up noises while I walk past you.. You're fucking mature. I'd like for you tell me something to my face. Yeah thought so.
So ladies, here's a tip: Don't have sex with Ryan Braun. (Unless you want #herpes, then by all means...)
When you buy a song or cd you are in some way making him money, so in essence your helping him out. So why the fuck could you not ask for -
I'm poop in doe.
I like B the best
So Bored
They have re-aired that one a bunch and I always watch it - Mike is hilarious
When I see homeless people or crackheadi always wonder where did they go wrong..
Every time my mom goes to cut my hair, one of us gets distracted. It's gonna be a long night. #joy 😒
DJing another wedding. Should be fun!
10:30 at night and lil man and I are eating skittles. Yeeeeup
Mikey, did he send you braised goat or squab? Crazy good.
I c y they mad though, I do this with ease...
Thank God it's Hump Day..Really..Thank You Lord!!
Twitter is the only thing I can go to without my Mom stalking my posts! Lol
RT We have guided missiles and misguided men. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
Just talked with a great friend about our mortality. Hung up & the last RT was what I saw
Plotting a road trip. Will leave Cincinnati on March 31, return to Raleigh around April 15. Where should I go? Open to all suggestions.
I'm starting to talk to myself. Definitely had too much coffee.
lol I have to keep up with you guys....Going away for 2 days but its business.
Is a Dope Singer and she is at #taut This Saturday Come See Her LIVE!!!!!!!!!
Just the two motherfuckers i needed to see :) #fridayafternight homie!
"Beautiful Words" by John W. Lord, “My True Story” by Angela O'Grady, "This Shell of Mine" by Jeff Kellen, "Splitting Adam" by Brian Watt
Honouring the departed
Think ima take a walk.. I got some shit to think thru..
snow!!! snow snow snowsnowsnow!!!! (snow is fun when i don't have to drive in it and it's the weekend.)
I'm mad at Obama for getting rid of sub loans for grad students. Grrr.
the #hymnish retreat sounds amazing but can't afford it right now. Assuming all goes well, do you expect to do another?
also, he's what you would call a good friend, but a bad boyfriend.
It's going to be great!
Thanks for the RT!
this has the start of a drunken finally to this valentines night
come by mansion tonight i got checks
"Design is marketing on steroids" -
": grab somebody sexy tell them HEY((;" ha that's the business ;]
I'M GONNA GO PAIR SOME CHEESE W/ MY BEER
ATL, here i come...just another week
#theworldsgreatestdjs who do you think fits in this group of hot djs. Me I go back with Jam Master Jay, DJ Redalert.
not sure what you mean by full screen mode but this is on the iPod touch and I usually have the keyboard up
thanks!! We can't wait to see you back at the ranch...
So much nostalgia right now. As much as Doom (and the sequel) were amazing, Duke Nukem 3D was the pinnacle IMO.
Two types of friends can come in really handy. Ones that are in high places or ones that are connected to people in high places. - Mature
Cant force nobody to be somebody they dont want to be
ha! That's just cause I help you write :-)
There is still time to enter to win the $100 Disney Gift Card!...
cool :)! I might go to orlando this summer...<3
can't wait to have you! Gotta have that North Side love!
I followed them already & they followed back.
Gone is Old Hickory Grille, In is “International Chicken???”
tell me who went home on xfactor and if the answer is not frankie then dont bother
Seriously SICK pitching from Stammen
Canuck fans, stay classy Vancouver!
plowed I'd a fanatic song! Now I need to find it on the computer... earworm much?
We will put them up for Artist of the month for July! =]
My jaw hurts :( stupid jawbreaker lollipop
My mom would put her Spanish music on blast while am still sleeping lol
great weekend....so far a good start to the week....lots of change happening...hoping for the best!
are you all sitting together while you tweet at each other? Nice.
Well remember... "The teacher is always silent during the test."
awesome!!! Have a great day! :)
wheels up! Next stop Mexico! Woohoo!
You probably told me & I forgot, but what's going on with hospital on Sunday, doll?
Yes ma'am. Is that you in your avi?
And it may disadvantage smaller companies who lack resources to file early. But isn't this already the pattern with current law?
No cell phone and no internet. That's why you can't reach me. I'll respond to every text and message when my bills are paid!
My sunburn is burning.
I know, it does not bode well for the longevity of Flkr. ... what will I do for assignments? :P
some parts of england it is rude to give woman soup
Got a group presentation in the morning and let's just my group is not going to be to happy with me lol
I understand. Super busy myself! We'll talk! Please keep me in mind for all those UX gigs you hear about!
did you ever see the letterman jackets?!
staple French toast. Yours is mine
you saying he stole it?
Nice! Curious Janette, where do you typically shop for art online?
Hi girlfriends sister!
ME! When's this train leave?
OMFG. DUDE. rachael.keneally NOW YOU DO ;D
I can't unfollow...the rest of the lineup is on point. I'm guessing will be taking your spot soon anyway.
RT : Making what's turning out to be an unofficial mobile happy hour guide to #mlanet12, hilarious. Stay tuned! I'm in!
Hiya pal! I was so busy I didn't see efurryone!
I'm Carrying Your Love With Me <3
not sure....published at 825 but not yet showing up on the reader's dashboard...
Morton’s steak & seafood dinner (2 filet mignons,choice of seafood, salads & desserts) only $109.99 for 2, now thru the end of June!
If h think u thought u were thing then u shouldnt think
And it's a wrap for me g'night.
shout out to my brah on the move 173ent 5star studio k lo k...
57% of women in prison report histories of abuse
but yours goes to 11 doesnt it?
Yummy deep fried South African doughnut "koeksisters"
and I found you secret twitter stalkers ha
Keep on hating u making me more famou$
Well, now that idea is in my head.
Good day, I feel accomplished.
Happy B day momo! im sowwy i cant give you a birthday hug! i will tomarrow! LY
Williams Paint Recycling Company is proud to be a Bronze Level Partner in the Partnership for a Sustainable Georgia!!!
Christmas lives behind / the glow in your eyes and smile / as your gift to me
So much to do in such little time
Kathleen, I just learned how to put my book cover in the background. You should do it. Yours is a GREAT COVER!
Thursday already! So much still left to do!
Guitar Center with Adam soon. Hurry up.
Iowa right-wing politics: bad 4 America's political health as Iowa's #FriedCheese #FriedButter #FriedOreos are 4 your health
Its almost Friday! Hell yeah!
#raidernation - best part of USC's sanctions is they rest on Lane Kiffin's lap.
Pete Larish?": Chooch > that stiff they signed years ago as free agent from Detroit that I can't remember his name"
No way lol
Why is the U.S. one of 6 countries globally failing to ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against W ...
Fareed! You back in Miami?
Inbox me the address.
He's awesome! Love that place.
Oh, Margaret, no!!! Can't believe the news. I'm crushed!
Cheers for that, Eric!
it's times like these that i wish michael's or blick's was open twenty-hour hours a day. i'm feeling crafty.
haha ah midge hill is some man for the trays alright :P
Why is twitter unfollowing me from people? Kinda making me angry!
my hometown, Columbia, SC is featured on today!
Settle a debate/wardrobe choice about my attire tomorrow ... Teal jeans: green enough or not?
Bryan Hammer- Design Director @ Skooba Design will be joining us!
Big fan here man! Keep those hits coming.
Nor is it true that austerity will generate growth. I think we've conclusively proven that by now.
i cant twitter from my phone because i always end up posting half finished tweets. not because my phone is dumb. but because i am.
Thank you, Chris! Great talking with you tonight.
and you also need your own category in those facial hair wars. 'The Reza'.
For those asking why would someone kill themselves w/ a chest shot? If you wanted ppl to check your brain once you're gone is a good reason.
what else is new?
where are you? We're here too -
Faq I still can't believe no more NYK basketball anymore until next yr...
GM class is so boring.
cuz my computer fast and #Fyeeeee !!! lol where u at ?? i know u not where you supposed to be smh !
My DFW -> SFO flight for #2012c19 #c19 has just become a DFW -> SJC flight. Gonna be a late night.
Young the Giant - worth a DL?
Longest six minutes of my life
: Real love outshines any storm
Doing it
2 1/2 hours until my day is over and I can't wait!!!!
Should I put my mohawk really high, medium high or down for the show tonight?
Holy productive morning!! Can't believe it's not even 9 am yet.... gonna be a good Monday.
Almost done for the day.
when i put on my headphones im blocking out the world
#whitli #samsung #galaxys Looks like my old Galaxy S is about to die. Time to get a new one, Galaxy S II with dual 1.5gHz here I come!
": Buescher takes 4 tires while many took four. #nascar" is this a John Madden quote for #nascar?
Didn't get enough of tonight on #getrealchat... that's ok! See her on #mediachat this Thursday at 10pm EST! See you there!
Have been neglecting Twitter and Facebook lately...ACP has a new studio space! Open House coming soon!!
It's clearly a crosstown thing.
Playground time!
Glad to see all up on the twitters! It won't hurt I promise! Well... probably not.
Um, so, how many days til baseball season? (my hoops teams suck)
We'll also have winter hair care tips and more coming, so stay tuned to ! #UrbLife!
Give trust to everyone you meet.
I think that you look very nice in it. =)
I need a run or a bike ride. Or a cupcake. Now.
“ I would rather be at home still in bed with this type of weather....” Me Too...
Death from above...69
Down here in Kansas city
♬ Where ever you are be Noble, What ever you do do Well, Where ever you Speak Speak Kindly, Bring Joy where ever you Dwell --- Archie-Rose ♬
I've been waiting my whole life for someone to save me, I still can't believe that you're mine.
whats the appropriate time?
I've been eye fucking guys all day...
Im gon go hard or go home!
we should have a team comm OC watch party. Nice bonding opportunity.
yes I said trendyloin
You know all you have to do is tell us. right ? "Tell me what you want from me, tell me what you want" -
Kobe had one good game this season now ya back on his dick
I can't believe I'll finally have my license back on Monday!!! 
I miss my nigguh lucky dube he been my favoo singer
you're really starting to piss me off, so i'm gonna stop talking to you until i can calm down. take it personally.
Preparing my SEX TALK for the Becoming Conference in FL next week! Getting paid to talk about sex, dating, & God... this is the good life.
About too take raven too schoo :)
ha ha text me
I would kill someone for food.
OMFG THAT MEANS THEY'LL BE IN OR CLOSER TO MY TIMEZONNE where are they landing?
Dear Tom Brady, you're not as good at pointing at defensive players as Peyton Manning is.
All of these app updates for nothing but retina display makes me feel that my brief stay at the cool kids table has ended.
Excited for my gorgeous formal wedding 11-11-11. Can't wait to celebrate with friends and family. It's looking exceptionally magical. ;)
That just happened!
misses my boyfriend.. :(
oh iPod (rockbox), i've missed you (it's got all my cat power safe inside). `*pq~
mmk kaay ill tell ur cousin isiah to follow you and ill tell my moms brother corey daughter to follow you ill tell everybody 2
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
RT #Jazz! #Denver Bassist Greg Garrison's new project is sure to be a success bit.ly/ntMoai
Great #SAQ drill session yesterday.
Being hungry and not knowing what to eat has got to be one of the worst feelings in the world.
if I could I would
When your whole world is turned upside down..Look to see who stays beside you, those are your true friends. Cherish them.
Accurate! Let's go get some stroop waffles and a jug of pudding at the Meermarkt.
Sports commentators need to not use the word 'penetrate.'
So what we get drunk, so what we smoke weed. We're just havin fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out thats how its supposed to be<3
How am I supposed to take anyone serious with a UNC avi?? Hah.
Q: how important is road network?
Vinod Khosla - flexibility is key for startups. Short term commitments even at a premium cost. Preaching to the choir Cheif.
Right. Kensy could have the idea, but not the talent to pull it off.
no no mg smh
I'm friendly with my friends and associate with my associates..
RT:: Mark ur calendars! & will be on May5th for an awesome youth event!
Just received christian pamphlet spam from a fellow hiker at Wallace Falls. America!
