Ok bedtime. Imma try to sleep this virus away. Have to call in sick again tomorrow cause my stomach... Still not feeling it
RT : Bacon, beer and sex solve all of lifes problems
I feel so disconnected from the world when I don't have wifi. Glad to have it back!
": its my birthday month , yaaaay !" Yaaaaay! !!! ( ; get it popping errrday
*le roll out door*
I'll be celebrating Memorial Day at the parade downtown. Who knows, maybe I'll even sing on one of the floats ;-)
u walking the dog tonight? Me e e...some guy said he has to walk the dogs early in the morning and it pisses him off
its a pain so glad I have brandon he is doin so much I love him :)
Brilliant!!! Amazing finale. This is why!
I think I have to go with love too.
From Naked Lunch: The Rube has a sincere little boy look, burns through him like blue neon.
Tell that to He thinks Revis just endorsed Tebow for President.
You're absolutely right. We need to stop Walmart's poverty biz model!
VERY true -- only I was never "little" hahaha!!! :)
Thanks, darlin'. I will enjoy. Miss that purty face of yours, too (and the curly hair on top of it)!
RT : Wow! has offered to waive all fees for event ticketing. Woot!
Please pray for Lynn as she awaits tests results. She sends praises for God's faithfulness.
2012 film watching! #63. Alice (Svankmajer, 1988). Creepy film, really great puppet work and stop motion. A lot of interesting themes.
oh may 4!
After looking at the rothbury line up I had to get a ticket
Most the commentary on American tv about the Japanese nuke plants, seems totally biased. No worse than a dental XRAY They say, No biggie?
CTA, ADTA, District, and 1/3 of anti parents all deny doctoring "rescissions." But none deny it happened. Then who did it???
Sweet dog!!! :) He looks like he's lovin life (or she).
when are the beavers playing? Have fun watch the ducks!
I'm a fan of ur work and look forward to seeing u in more roles! U are growing into an extremely talented actor! Peace!
great new vid:)
I will be at teh Opal Financial Group Trust and Estate Planning Conference Starting tomorrow...if anyone of my contacts from Linkedin will …
if you ever read this&decide to answer,I ONLY HAVE 1 QUESTION! what does 1-4-3 mean? it means something but im not so sure..
Under the mistletoe :)
I think her meddling mother did it for TV ratings...#TeamLamar&Khloe
That awkward moment went an athlete tries to moped race you. And you win.
i know it was like two days ago he was singing santa claus coming to town and mistletoe in New York. But did u got a chance to c him.
I am pale and have red hair. It will prob look terribly mussed; I'll be coming straight from prison. :-)
RT So Im not understanding your text. You had it but you spent it?
i gotcha people are dumb
Love catching up with old friendss
you are on a roll today!! i love it. keep the positive energy coming!
why? Forget that we will just talk bout dis in the a.m. So we can have aa fye convo to start the day , #nitehuns!
The bus thing plus insanity is fucking wearing me out!
Don't duck fat fries sound good to you too?
Bunny russell brand beats human russell brand
Unfortunately for now Console names must be unique. We are planning on changing that. ^MB
ill say it.... i think the avengers looks stupid
Had a most inspiring conversation with Chris Jarvis -on the phone! Love moving from twitter to 'real life', real connections!
Did u see the Flyers Game
EMAIL ME AT FOR A FREE PROMO CODE FOR OUR APP.
Love your neighbor, but don't tear down your fence. -German proverb
Is there anyone HUNGRY today? We serve breakfast asll day. Fresh hot wings, ribs polish boyy the list goes on and on. If you dont see it ask
den dat means u need to smoke my nigga
Pheasant Branch Trail, Picnic Point, Commuter Path, and the Arboretum are my favorites!
Dear Google, your little darling Google apps is no longer a baby. It can handle the responsibility of Google voice.
no problem!
it would be boring -__- lol
Message Me (:
no problem hon, it happens
Right now is the time to buy any of the cap/rotor sets that we have both online and off. They will be going up in price soon.
Just bought a pair of jeans from the rack for 4 dollars. There is a god..
tell your mom I say happy mothers day.
I didn't notice but I was thinking the same thing about myself today. :)
We may have enjoyed it more than you! You made me laugh a lot. Happy 4th to you as well.
seeing people drunk and fall
is it strange that my screen saver is Super Grover????
Talking with D7 candidate Mat Kostrinski at #ABetterSD. He cares about improving San Diego's economy!
Is that a relative of Harumph?
MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY .MIKEY. MIKEY FUSCO MY DEFINITION OF PERFECTION<3
Please hate them. For me.
Wall St. riots are around the corner... and they said that London was ten years away.
is looking for a few good #startup advisors to be the training wheels for #NYC 's dream makers.
I really dont get some people....
Anything from Enjoy Life foods ... love the crunchy sugar cookies and new Plentils chips!
Fingers crossed!
#sca2012 SF Muni Archive planning to put its HistoryPin content on bus shelter photos to garner publicity and draw taggers.
Happy Birthday, Girl! :)
Hopefully 1 of these many chicks I know call me & try to kick it 2nite
By you giving me a drug test, you obviously aware I smoke weed. But if you want proof. I'll piss on it.
Mayday Parade kind of afternoon.
I'm not convinced that's the real jose. The writing isn't the same
PROT... Rumor has it FDA approval... Get in now before we hit $$$'s
It's race week! Weather will be perfect. Have YOU signed up yet?!?
": #ThingsIReallyCantStand you text me , i text back , no text back ? K"
Wow, really? Kickoff starts this late? I always assumed it was much earlier....
SCARED MONEY DONT MAKE NO MONEY
Arrived home late last night and decided not to go to bed so we (almost) watched the sun come up!! I love nights like that..
PUBLIC ENEMY - Flava Flav will be performing at Celebrate Fairfax next month
Boba Fett dances in Kinect Star Wars. We NEED to get this game canceled.
thanks for gettin my hopes up.. dick
Um, there was some totally random cat in our house. Where did it go?
Enjoying My Little Break, But Big Things Are To Come :)
#RIPAngel . You're in a better place now </3 you`ll be missed ):
I will(:
Just found out I'll be graduating high school on my Grandpa's birthday. He wont be there in person, but there in spirit.
thanks for the mention Michael!
Mantra for the Day: "YEAH, SON! I'M DOING WORK, SON! LET'S GET THIS MONEY, SON!!"
#AGT is absolutely brilliant with new judge #HowardStern. #BaBaBooey!
I don't want to work, I just want to bang on a drum all day.
-thank you!
happens to me all the time! Frustrating...
#ROC RT : Another Buzz party is coming to Darien Lake this Summer. has free tickets to it at 5:00 today!
It's been a minute but check my album singles out
You know why the world didn't end on October 21 -- too cold for camping!
“: Cry as hard as you want to, but make sure that when you're finished, you never cry for the same reason again. #IQFT”
Hey Sammi :)!hope U'r havin an Awesome day :)!Oh Sammi :) will U make me your 600th follow :)! Please:)!luv ya:)!take care:)
THANK U FOR TWEET FOLLOW ME ;)
What's up mufucka where my money dont make me come down to yo house where yo mommy at
In my head I imagine Kodak tower looks like the set of Madmen only empty?
it's because he saw me :)
Thx for the #FF! Hope you have a good weekend!
thanks, I am not fond of herbal tea so I only drink enough to make me feel better.
: Oh! His son! Wow. Then why would he need the sharks?!
JAY BIZZLE IS THE HOTTEST HIP HOP ARTIST AROUND. GOGGLE HIM AND ODER HIS MUSIC.
PetLoop.com is trying to help find new homes for homeless animals that would otherwise go directly to a shelter...check them out!
Apparently power is out on the whole #IUPUI campus, good thing we all have laptops and long battery life. No, class is not cancelled.
book 3 was boss. How many times has your jaw dropped? Haha
I saw. I'm down!! Lets just go
Over using YOLO cause YOLO c:
RT : Yeah, I'm pretty damn proud, of where I come from. -Montgomery Gentry
Heading to Alexandria, Va. tomorrow! :)
RT - The Miami #Dolphins will NOT lose this week, I guarantee it!
im good, you?
Tonight is the night! We're bringing the rock to Dan McGuinness (Spottswood) from 9:30-1:30. Come on out... we taste like Snozberries!
it's been treating me pretty good! Keeping me challenged! :) how's life treating you??
Journalists and share thoughts on failure this Sunday, 9pm EST on
Time to try to go to sleep...
Yay! Yes, definitely attending the AHC reception. Need to mingle with some archivists, find out what I'm missing!
Top tips for searching for the right retirement home
mom's day : woow what a perfect day with my family, we took more than 100 pics in just one day :$
....the compliment is appreciated! Thank you. Get ready for a Wild season 2
i put my head against the speaker singing blow my mind dj blow my mind x
Merry Christmas Twitter family. Love y'all
Yay! I look in the mail today.. And I got my own copy of Practical Origami published by via !
Painting my nails thumbs french tip other nails are a solid color! Can't wait to see the outcome!
On my way to miss Breyona school # pop up......
Double update! New music this week and Hierosonic returns to the stage April 9th @ the Chameleon Club in Lancaster, PA.
I needed one like yesterday LOL
Finished putting up my tree and lights and the kids love it!
With Ohare its a little different. If youre carrying a voucher you can go up to the starter, tell them you have a prearranged
Despite all the stress, acting is still my favorite thing to do
Skipping school
#SomeFactsAboutMe never drank, never did drugs, never smoked..plan on keeping it that why
And now Kelly said its the "dart" Of the "miracle dress" not her nipples... Haha can't fool me Kelly
I'm just saying I don't have the figure for a dress like that.
Not HD is it? Does your ISP have bandwidth caps?
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers, good bad or in different. Today is your day...Be encouraged -KEW
If i get stoned and sing all night long its a family tradition
wow its been a crazy month so much is happening!
Leftover tweet from last night, presumably.
Gearing up for our recycled formalwear sale on April 2nd. Stop by between 10am and 4pm and get a dress for $10.
I really want you to follow me! (:
And if R. Kelly goes to jail, I'LL PISS ON YO' CAT!!!
Martin will always be hilarious.
Its one fucking game. Man you laker haters have me on speed dial i swear!!!!
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing
Another of my favorite 'Dad' quotes:"You can have anything you want, you can't have everything you want, make a choice." Jack Bahler
they went and got him
Shout out to all #Canes going to tonight's season opener against #Rutgers!
Thanks so much!
We need to video it! ;) Imma be in the floor laughing!
drive! Don't take pictures :/
Forget what I said yesterday - I still get so into it when I'm playing this stuff, even when I'm being tested on it.
That's what packer fans say when their team wins a Super Bowl
Would love to! Will talk to the team!
I know I said this b4 but like the great Poet JA- Rule said "Love is Pain"
Roof is closed as Wainwright make his frirst start since 2010 in bout an hour . Greinke has yet to lose at Miller
THAT's is SO Awesome!!! TYouuuu for pointing it out to me!! YOU just made my day!! :))
Went for a bike ride....feel sore, but feels great :)
cooking pierogies. we need to plan that Pasta and Wine GNO. ;-)
Oh, lord. Neighbors sent their child out in the backyard to practice his saxophone. This cannot end well.
Amazon pre-orders of THE FRENZY WAR are scheduled to arrive May 3rd, almost a full month ahead of the book's June 1 publication date!
Keep in mind that it's the journey and not the destination that counts.
Hey Aaron. I love you.
Keeping it positive...no matter what! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
What just happend :):)
time to do some sit-ups/cruches/planks!
I hope you all are enjoying the "Soft Launch" of The NOLA Guide. Please stay tuned for much, much more to come!
Wishin' it was Friday. :(
what the heck was that one lone sheep?
Thank u for retweeting my tweet. Precious Hayley passed away Tuesday. There was enough donations 4 her trip 2 NY. She
i love u
ah. How I love the 317 artists. That's chill!
If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful! -Charles Barkley
Ugh!!!! Why do I have to be so ugly!!!! I'm so jealous of Elizabeth and Lise!
false. Rude.
Hate the Heat!
... so are the anti-Obama ladies going to be out all summer with their little Hitler Obamas? This is going to be a long election year...
Note to self: never cry over stupid boys who have no idea what they've done to you & if you must, don't while you're trying to put makeup on
thanks and once again happy bday!!!
Concert time :)!
Where's william?
whatev you didn't pick him, that is just your usual response at the bar. :-)
can anything on MTV be good?
Just a week away from the turkey and veggies, yum! :)
its reasons why i dont let my guard down...its reason nd a story behind every little crack nd mistake i made
you have to try it!
My right leg decided to get tight on me completely whacked out everywhere else, Left Split Check, Center wide open, Right leg
There's only one way to truly dispel any incorrect notions you may have about New Mexico: You have to come visit.
A nigga not tryna get all emotional on twitter. Lol.
should also follow who is a huge advocate & check out Moe's amazing work on site!
Total visits to Google+ grew to 61 million in March, say researchers ://t.co/hoRLQyCB” still not convinced it's best place to spend time
Instead of doing hw, im all looking at hair styles!
At the doctors.. Getting my physical done... 😁
#ThingsSexyPeopleDo, be fans of
A long shot, but has anyone ever gotten #groovy to weave aspects with the aspectj-maven-compiler? Supposedly it can.
Its 's birthday today....MAKE A BIG DEAL OF IT!
Dear Lincoln Center: I've been thnking about it, and I don't believe that Fashion Week becomes you all that much. Dis-improved, if anything.
Fingers crossed but I think I may have kicked this sinus infection, which is good since #SportingKC game is tomorrow
Alrighty. I love you too, handsome. :)
Peace sells. But who's buyin'?
#tweetyourthesis How were historical analogies used to describe contemporary political activity in the TienAnMen Square uprising in 1989?
Crazy how you could feel safe with ya friends, but be in a bad situation at the sametime.
yo bro im grounded for a month. ill hit you up wit a song when i get ungrounded.
doing ok. You?
yes! Oh thank you baby Jesus.
I hear you Raoul!
can someone tell me please how i can watch TheLyingGame online for free?
You give someone an inch and they take a mile everytime!
is all types of sexy. He's beautiful. Oh, my hormones.
Its funny how a simple tweet can get people so worked up haha
The US won two medals at the World Championships on Saturday.
Come on! Follow
N for them childish ass ppl im not going gay ill die before i do sum nasty shit like bt no more relationships.
Goodnight Twitter. One.
Menstruation, menopause, mental breakdowns…Ever notice how all women’s problems begin with men?
So tired 😞
Since when is $20 a plate at a restaurant expensive?
You know what was a really good song??? ... "In Those Jeans" by Ginuwine, really good music production.
& make a beautiful couple watching
“: Brunettes love food. #thehairoscope” omg yess.
Ive learned 1 thing being Self employed for 40 years. Pay yourself FIRST.
Fantastic city of neighborhoods #Chicago huh??
I love a guy that can sing to me !:)
When you're out at the club and you see a fly guy do the creep ahh do the creep ahh! When you wanna make friends at the ATM do the creep ahh
Real rough day on my diet - not enough water, protein. Too many carbs.
Mike Ragogna: Kevin Rudolf&#39;s HuffPost Exclusive EPK, Plus Conversations with LP, Miguel, Chuck Mead and the Hard Rock ...
My dad's uncle used to say that all the time with him. The tradition continues :)
Why you jelly belly?
In class chillin wit my twin
Whatsup Alex?!?!? Did you have fun at prom??
I miss trust because people are liars...that being said I'm trying really hard to trust
wish you were on the north had the perfect spot
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those impacted by last night's tragedy at the Indiana State Fair.
I hate having those dreams of meeting because I wake up sad knowing I didn't. 😖
mom countered: "well i watch all these packers' butts!" not helping destroy the #patriarchy MOM(2/2)
Bout to be 23 wit a Masters degree
I really enjoyed your article on A Wine Pilgrim's Progress!
Missing my bro already .. See u soon kiddo
Happy Bday to !!! Have a great day!!!
@ my polling place this am... long lines but, delicious bundt cake. In 2 yrs I'm going to operate a gourmet coffee/tea cart. Capitalism!
I coslept for 6 months. still cosleep sometimes when she's fussy :)
guess why I smile. Because its worth it
gosh not fair
Instagram The.DOPE.Side.Of.Iggy
Goal of the Day: The holidays are here. Think carefully about what folks may want-remember it's the thought and not the $ spent that counts.
Memorial Weekend is just around the corner! For promotions & price quotes in Miami on Memorial Weekend, contact us here:...
Just stopped by dogfish head alehouse for an IPA and food.. Highly reccomend you stop in for food and beer..
3: Never remove content, no matter how hard. #sxswi #commcenter Only removed racist comments.
RIGHT? I'm totally hooked!
#gov20 humor ;-) RT : just as an FYI - the status quo remark was a JOKE.
Haha well that was a really good idea! :)
Such a boring night 💤
WE WILL SEE
Andy Katz, Stacey Augmon, Reggie Minton. Just shook all their hands in a period of five minutes. Amazing event at
...Instead of trying to create the contact, accept the contact by using the defenders aggressiveness to your advantage.
Missionaries 100 years ago had great mustaches.
Drug-overdose antidote is put in addicts' hands - Albany Times Union
#MyLastWordsWillBe I need to meet !!!!
Ed is an amazing guy, I'm glad this partnership among the leaders may spur the build out of connectivity to the masses.
I am the Black Swan.
Two bachelorette parties this weekend. I am STRESSIN.
Eight days and counting to 2011 Wisconsin State Fair - August 4 - 14. Visit the Foundation Booth next to the Racing Pig Arena and enjoy a …
#FAU and #FIU here watching Dallas Moore and Nura Zanna, among others. Peter Gash and Mark Lieberman here for the Sun Belt Schools.
killed it in tonight's #CNN debates hopefully the majority wakes up from it's ignorance and votes for
inadvertent whistle inexplicable at that point. Whistle didn't blow til he was gone. Ref who "blew" it shld be fired
Between me and love, you're the common denominator ❤
Thanks! Are you going to the Union v. Schalke game by chance? That's why I'm coming.
Hi Susan, thanks for the follow. We hope you will join us for Green Drinks GSO on 9/21 at 5:30 at The Green Bean.
I've got the best seat in the house at #cildc ... b/t & !
What are the Best and Worst Aspects of your job?
Does she collect the lemon tree?
"It is better to give someone my thoughts from the 'bottom of my heart' and NOT 'off the top of my head.'" (Robert Morris, Gateway Church)
Exactly. The Bucs play teams with strong fan bases each year. This year they sell out. Fraud?
Saw this yesterday. Last year people were calling him a bad investor.
Google should join the internet blackout
hell yea!
I hear the barrels are equally great!
right on! keep up the good stuff, we are glad to have you all around
Yup ! ": Staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation"
Went dancing last nite & burned the floor down! We wore it out!
UFC on FOX 3 Post-Fight Press Conference - MMA Fighting
Your going to love the CD! :)
i passed 4 just not writing because that shit was stupid .. I never tried lol
Only 1 day until the first League of Libations! The first person to mention us in a tweet gets a FREE Large t-shirt!
was probably tweeting. ;-)
Lubbock people! Stay safe in this storm!!
Happy Holidays ... & Ring in a bountiful #2012!!
HI I LOVE YOU! OKAY BYEE x Pie <3 (:
I need to cuddle now!!!!!
Big S/O to for comin to
You may disagree on US politics, but you'll all be of one mind when it comes to other countries
lol what class you in
I was enjoying my day until you started with this crap
♥ You may think you'll "never" get over it, but you also thought it would last "forever." ♥
Just joined Pinterest. Cooks, how do you use it? For finding recipes and/or cooking inspiration? Is it better for mains or desserts? Help!
RT : Good luck on the war on drugs
near water because its peaceful and comforting to me.
Everybody dies famous in a small town, <3 --
Yes Cliffy is awesome!
I see it too. I'll look into it.
BRB WHILE I DOWNLOAD MISTLETOE and upload to my i-pod. YEA BUDDY YEA.
: Sad to missing your class this evening ! Signed up but have rough project deadlines.
Going to see M83 tonight for my first experience at The Union Transfer and I couldn't be anymore stoked.
Interesting paper, where'd you find it?
Measure not the work until the days out and the labour done. ~Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Wait. She didn't tell her own mom that she changed jobs?
Good morning Farmers..come beat the morning gloom & come by to say Hi!
Two ZOLTAN jersey sightings at Livestrong.
Technology and computer sciences are the passion for countless people. Join an online college education program to learn at any age...
I wanted it but i didnt have T-mobile. grog had a bowl cut and chris spilled milk on his phones.
I liked the beading and that was about it.
Morning & welcome to NEW friends ~~>
Work is the last place I wanna be right now
Much needed hump day stress relief from my fav Jewish pal. Much love, Herschel
Girl! I'm SO nervous!! I'll be checking Twitter ALL day!
Got done with homework for tomorrow
Just watched ur new video! Wow!!!! U r a straight beast in the gym! Keep posting, and get on twitter some more :)
When it comes to relationships, i don't have a clue.
im confused too. What did she do?
Jealous, make us proud “: Off to meet ! 1st time I've worn a business suit in years.” bet u look ♨
had a great time, next you guys need to come have a beer in my neighborhood
HFC recently traveled to Mongolia to meet with the administration of the Mongolian University of Science and Technology.
3rd and 10 Brady sacked OMG...what's in store in the last 39 secs
she's special what can I say lol. Tremendo package and bargain. Two in one :P
Just Finished Watching Vinny's Ustream !! Made my Life :D I Love The Castronovo's <3
"Nighttiming" on repeat. Who really needs new music, anyway?
What's your favorite Social Media Management System?
Great editorial in the Star Tribune today about Voting No!!!
DELETE THE PICTURE NOW!!!!
This show is flawless! I love it!!
i know... The good thing is that there are no buses where i live... I live right by the highway
New Jersey Nets 69 Milwaukee Bucks 73 End Of 3rd #nets #bucks #nba (Follow )
Happy Bday to Frank the Tank #boom!
Last night after rehearsal it was so nice to see the #dtla streets packed with so many art lovers for #artwalk. Were any of you there?
Can we get to 500 Followers today? Any RT's in the next few hours are really appreciated!
Flips practice was awesome! Love those babes! Now- time to get dolled up for Eva Grub @ Koshanski's Concertina Bar!!
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness
maybe it is time we follow each other -
I just heard 's new song. It's totally my theme song!
Bad ass Hammerjacks shirt
Yay! Totally follow me. I tweet really important updates about reality TV. It's fun. And important.
best city in spain!
IknowRight , I wanna play vball competitively too ...
Omg that was Soo funny. Cause I was Onna phone witchu the night that happen 😂😂😂😭
Good to know, thanks! cc:
GSA Administrator Johnson is talking about the awesome work GSA is doing around sustainability...check it out!
I swear , I could never get tired of Family Guy xD
It's one thing to have theological beliefs that we apply to ourselves. It's another thing to allow our beliefs to destroy relationships.
a ghost is controlling my computer right now.
I hope the draft Mercilus or Nick Perry. Would be OK with either. Who are you thinking ?
August 13 Bout To Be Live Me, Dontrell, Zaquan, Montev'yon And Hostin Aye Back To School Party At Park Spring Address: 24110 Park Gwen Dr.
Wow, wesley used the dogs shampoo! Ha.
feat #WeGoingHard on repeat... I love dancing off this song I wish can shoot my video :) soon
YOUR DREAMS HAVE JUST CAME TRUE LMFAOOOO ..
yeah! mee2 i was just like u, evan when drake sing: Hi, I'm Tune, the man on the moon... =))
This is so wrong. It proves that Jobs was wrong all along. Maybe Apple will save itself by putting Flash on the iPhone.
Final Friday, Reds game, Princess & the Pea, Emery opening, experimental film Cincy's got it going on.
🍸🍸: Pessimist: "Aww my glass is empty" - Optimist: "Aww my glass is half full" - Me: "Yay, room for more vodka!"”
If that woulda made it -_-
Happy Earth Day!
70-year-old chemical mystery solved: How tropolone are synthesized in fungi
for every dark night there's a brighter day
I'll take some of those Tums!
Bro, that was epoch!
mrs johnson....damn
Spring has been a powerful catalyst for my spiritual growth and development
am i invisible?
Thanks, I won't turn my dial aka close my app.
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before him endured the cross...
Just thought someone tried to break in!!!
No. We pick the site we visit in advance.
it was a video that a friend made when his grandson was born, super sweet! And yes, the crying was cathartic. :
An organization's ability to learn, and convert that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive edge.
via , RIP Davy Jones. Look what you've done to me, me and my whole world.
I'm back on twitter! you may dramatically gasp now.
First day of Spring! Nice snow flurries to kick off the season!
what u doing:)?
He said he wanna be the best I ever had and I said you can't because I haven't had the best yet!! I'm so mean lol
sweet dreams! Lol
Can't help but stop and watch a bit of Rep. Giffords resignation today... Pulls the heartstrings
"If it's not right, it's trash." BOOM!
Feeling inspired. Time to write a new song? I think yes :)
La Jolla Half Marathon Weather Forecast: 7:30 am cloudy skies (possible fog/mist), 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
Happstr is in the Startupbus semi-finals!!!! Great work from all the teams who have busted-butt over the last few days! <3
Cocktails with and 's mom.
thanks for the tip!
ItCanAlwaysBeWorse although doesn't always seem like that when you're in the middle of the mess. Hang in there God loves you!
Woo-hooo 1MILLION y.t. video views! Thanks for mentioning!! :)
you're one strong lady if I've ever known one :) keep your head up all your hard work will pay off!
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you. <3
Not going to lie, I put on my orange OSU gear when was tied for the lead at Glad to see him grind it out.
can i do anything to make you smile?(: i don't like seeing you sad or upset <|3
RT : It's finally May! #yayy :)
July 11th @ Market: Adam Helwin performs at noon, MKE Riverkeeper, Habitat for Humanity, GRNMKE and Mamasita's tamales join the mix.
Facebook leaves too much room to let the wrong people to know what your doing lmao it's like an open invitation for blackmail lol
can this please end Wednesday?
thank you and a shout out hi too
lol that's what i said
None I really do is personal cause I'm always handling business.
ohh yeah u got urs from wow. I gotta get mine at gamestop tonight at midnight and im prolly not goin to sleep tonight
That was fun. We shouldn't have played last, though.
Get In Touch With Your Family!!!!
Hoping all this fitness pays off tomorrow, playing wing back again!!
I rehearsed for the documentary I'm acting in on Friday and will film this week.
It's finally warming up a little here in SF - at least for now! :-)
the show Firefly. Check it out. Wowzer
Maaaaannnnnnn my bad homie! I swear I be doing a 100 things at one time all over the place! Simi ADHD! LOL! I got u. OMS!
makes me think of dirk
Love that it's on vimeo. I'll definitely watch it this weekend. I mean... I do have an animated history with cruise ships. =P
Intellectual property will define the shift age-
I'm already rich...one day I'll have money too!
I know what you mean! & I so need to get out of this country, it's rubbish, and all the people I wonna meet don't even live
You can't be serious. Did you really think I'd do something like that?
Never settle for what's just in front of you when there's something beautiful waiting for you just around the corner! thanks
i, on the other hand, am mad and not feeling kind to you. we will miss you dearly!
WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER, HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER, CAN I TAKE YOUR ORDER??
Wow, she is aggressive.
Oomf is lazy straight up .
Meet Glen Case from Kristoff Cigars at Signature Cigars DC store on Sat Oct 15th from 1pm to 5pm - box specials & more!
That's for the birds
ZOMG. The Rangers have tied it up with 6 seconds left in the game. We're going to OT.
Thought: rewrite the lyrics of The New Pornographers' "My Shepherd" as a song about Mass Effect titled "My Shepard."
Writer have been borrowing from one another, intentionally and unintentionally (since well before 1923)
I fill like shit I'm sitting on the couch sick but still got to go to school for softball practice I hope I make it
You are welcome! RT Thanks for following
Wisconsin's DLAC recommendations on target share course content Creative Commons via statewide sharing environment
Great call today with
Bartending at the mansion tonight
follow back ?::)
I'm in the Office for Community and Diversity. msexton. Shoot me an email & I'll reply w/contact info and copy a colleague.
Cold and lonley
This morning I got to sleep in - I haven't been able to sleep in any day since February
Welcome everyone!
Does anyone else remember the fake MTV band 2gether? U + Me = Us!
Where am I getting all these foreign followers? ??
Wow, cool Stephen. Never visit me anymore :(
love it!
lunchies soon please!!
Like in the last champion ligue he was absolutely amazing
Rod Blagojevich off to prison and still claiming that he believed his actions were legal. YOLO
Happiness is made, not found. If you want to be happy, you must create it yourself...
For all of the Peyton Manning speculations, no one saw Vick & Asomugha signing w/ the Eagles. Expect the unexpected.
Thx for hosting this am's #YPWeek chat re:nonprofits & volunteering. Hope I helped & ppl got good nuggets!
Don't worry, she'll be okay, I know it, if she's anything like you, she's strong and amazing. Have faith, Stay positive. (:
Yum! Just had the perfect summer treat !
Come get your blazers ladies, it's going to be a cold weekend!
Great day with family at Church. Looking forward to week 1 of the Courageous study at 530 pm at GCC.
Ever since I went to the inaugural year at Miller Park, I have had a fiery hatred for the Brewers.
There seems to be a flash of lightning every 30 seconds
Never hurts to text back lol
Thanks for following us!
Scrambles, Pancakes, Rancheros, Live Parfaits, Mimosas, Bloody Marys & much more At Blossoming Lotus Sunday Brunch www.budurl.com/BLBrunch
Pedi sounds fantastic! I need to schedule myself a spa day soon.
I think they have chemistry.
i cant either! :)
eek! Sorry all! I'm here for the last bit! Will get caught up now...
Your forgot new Devo! And Drake!
Either, I'm sure. RT : Really? I'm always on the lookout for great pulled pork. Wet or dry BBQ?
real talk.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO KEITH. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME! :D
your wish is our command!
make sure all locks on doors r locked..close the blinds peek once..& hope no1 saw.. ;]
I don't want you to die, but if you do I think death by peanut butter cups would be a good way to go.
Co-Sign. RT : Thanks to many fine Chicago establishments for overserving me: Funky Buddah, Public House, Epic, McFaddens.
My pleasure, Brad. Thanks for the wonderful tweets.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen. Brigitte Bardot
I wonder if the baby jesus' mother had morning sickness???
you are really nice. I was jking! Love you:)
we hear u are having a gr8 time in the islands. Do they make paninis in the carribean? Hope to meet you when U R back N Seattle
yum. Hoping the spicy gets baby Cohen on his way to this world.
you are soo inspiring!!
Damn.... seems like everybody having a party 2nite
fab! Can't wait to get a copy when I'm in CT next week! Thank u for featuring!
If only she knew lmao funny
how is making the wrong call the 'right thing'? Clearly checked his swing. Ump just wanted to be part of a perfect game.
It really sucks to cry your self to sleep
I need to organize my twitter lists. Or, at least make some.
Good game today griz! Now dinner with the second fam.
Thanks Wolf, you taught me alot about security and IT. Will always keep one eye on you, Ed, Mike and the Munder Capital crew.
is one of my favorite verses :)
It's ALWAYS a PARTY :-) RT : thanks Diane!! Hope you have some fun stuff planned for the weekend :-)
its warm as ffucckkk, time to work off that winter gut!
"shadowy global enterprise"? wonder how many minutes you spent pondering the authenticity of that little discursive regime.
Once you get a CTR of at least about $1.50, switch your ad to CTM great advice!
son...RT : LMAOOO RT : Yo if my dick taste like chocolate, my shit would be gone. I like chocolate, b
I HAVE A DOG FOR YOU....PIX ARE UP ON MY fb ..REQUEST ME AND YOU CAN SEE THEM...
Are you gonna start playing at KT's? (:
A website that automatically plays music or needs to load is as outdated & terrible as slavery
Radiation is officially kicking my a**. Skin is redhot burnt and I am bone tired. Thank goodness only 5 treatments left.
noted. How's your NYE going?
Don't lose your honesty tha world gon love u for that......
He's got game, but Bieber crossing him up last year was pretty priceless.
ugh ugh ugh wtf
that 13.25 is huge in this wind. I did my LR Fri. to avoid it. Congrats !
aw I feel the same way :)
RT : First inch of rain at Reagan National yesterday since Feb. 29 when 1.44" fell, still -3.97" for the year
Telecommunications is today’s business. It can give you a monthly recurrent profit. Come partner with us. Contact:
only missing one ingredient for great...
her kinda-sorta Cherokee Indian has me saying foul. :)
Yeah. I didn't expect that ggl would get FB to let them in on their turf that easily, but I don't think Twitter overlaps that much
New Orleans is waiting for you!
Studies show that CEO's who use SM are more in touch - does the ED of your museum use SM?
no volume on the website while is talking.
Weird stat: Celtics are 5-1 w/o Allen or Rondo, but 3-4 w/ Allen and w/o Rondo.
I #moss you more!!!
A big congratulations to my number one boy,
Whoa, that's not good! so miss the smell of pinon-here in Nanjing it's
#supportlocalmusic Live till 5. Blocks of a few local bands. Tune in
Love getting this late at night, after the club :P from my love --> RT Ur gonnnaaa get it cabrona! ;)
I'd Vote for her based entirely on her amazing hair. Just saying....
Hey you should tell all your friends to like us and The Last Troubadour!!!!
Thanks so much for the RT!!
In line to listen to the Dalai Lama address our group of businessmen, educators, students, and entrepeneurs.
in ESPN's own words, it's carrying the national discussion. That's why they don't talk about the NHL
Yes!! This is excellent. I'm desperate to get my hands on one of these older editions (we don't have them in the office).
Nothing can explain this feeling. But I love it.!!
My gf's grandma's house with their dogs.
Hey! Great to hear from you! How are you! What's new?
ManU got 2 in stoppage time to win '99 Champions League, but they only needed 1 for extra time. City needed both!
Should WI fans be concerned about the coaching changes and lack of commits so far?
There are two types of baguettes: the "Ficelle" and the "Baguette Rustique". Firehook's baguette is the "Rustique".
You just got served! ;0
More important...horse or jockey?
Lerse and I checking out Jon Lovitz at Pitt Improv
Offshore getting paid 24hrs smh can't get no better then dis
: get into it! Excited 4 the summer!
Four months to go!!
this is beautiful
Oh goodness.....
Barely eating lunch at school, then stuffing your face with food when you get home
Happy Valentine's Day to you all. It's a day of sharing the love whether it be a romantic partner, a family member, & definitely loving YOU!
Phone interview is over. Still shaking out the nerves, but I think I did a pretty good job.
Nice to see CSI still alive.
Gym Flow
holy shit this thunder is fierce.
pix or it didn't happen. ;-)
That ride is amazing wish i could have seen yall this week
Anything good on tv tonight?
= best follow yet! two words #ThankYou or 4 words
My sons morning tantrum was abt t little plastic thing that holds mens shirts folded inside t bag, J found 1 n it broke = I need 2 get more
at the gym. GTL.
Why are you happy?(:
I been investing
i might be a couple minutes late to the ustream): DONT START THE PARTY WITHOUT ME.
motive? too cynical to think prescription filling and impulse purchases while waiting to see the doc?
CHECK OUT TWEETS TO PROOVE IT!x LOOK AT THE PICS THEY SHOW THE TRUTH!!x
are you still messing w/ your laces? If so, stop! :) How old are your shoes? Have you been running a lot on hills?
Hey come get on dis train wit willow Brittany
Looking forward to being there w on Tues. RT : Students! Let us help you get ready for the
Cousin hung up, OWELL !
I received good words. from Seagraves (Former Gboro Warriors Coach) I miss those days. Those games were crazy!
add the post game and him hitting mid range jumpers with his now apparent tear drop runner hahahahahahah LBJ=SWAG
blow up today on twitter... Thank you Kim Kardashian
Need Mothers day gifts?! Hit up MY mom to get yours some gorgeous handmade custom jewelry! It's buy one get one half hit up
As I said
The truth can hurt, but not as much as the lie that you've been telling yourself for so long.
you look gorgeous
It's a wrap with no Shump...
Like omfg you guise:D i can't wait until i hear Justin's song with drake<3 afvadhkfc;like about fucking time my 2 babys make a song together
Happy 40th Birthday Jill!!! =D
RT : appreciate the follow ...my pleasure!
Why won't twitter load u fag
I'm never around because I enjoy my own company #JustBeingHonest - XavierLT.com
I know I've been trying to eat healthier and all, but I just inhaled some carrot sticks with ranch dip and then bite-size brownies.
Cindy Selfe suggests that social media (Facebook?) may be just such an open deliberative space--there is no terminus like "publish the book"
Ready for #vampirediaries Love it!
Goes to show you there's no such thing as "home ice advantage." CAPS!
Oh the Irony of watching red carpet arrivals online with Fox banner in background because Fox is showing football still instead.
I'll have some please.
Guys, I'm at a book store for the first time in forever. I may never leave.
It is free unless u connect to multiple desktops RT #mlamobiletech pocket cloud must ck out
hey your team played good last night. That was a great game. The way a championship should be.
Just passed a Church Sign that said, "Where will you be sitting, smoking or non-smoking?" Epic lol
he followed me already!
another day another dollar ambition isn't just a word over here it's a way of LIFE!
Sorry peoplethis actually isnt Steve but something new
Peyton Manning's statement on ESPN made me tear up and want to give him a hug. It'd be a lot easier if he went to the 'Phins.
The joy of weeding: If it says "cyberspace" on the cover, it has to go.
i love music
I thought you could use a little inspiration :)
wish I was still going to formal with tonight but since I'm "unwanted" at rucker, have fun everyone.
Tyler Perry's House of Payne
when my lung coordinator calls.. thinking transplant time..
Our Scary Asses Lol RT": “: I cried when I saw the first paranormal activity”lmao me too"
time? or is this opening party?
This is becoming comical. You can tell the ref is new.
#casting A great event for the entertainment industry & Talent
We're excited: 1st Annual Scholarship Brunch to be hosted by Inspirational Radio AM 1390 host Blakey on 4/28. More info 2 come!
My Song is Better Than Yours: George Killian, Jr, Bruce Springsteen "Radio Nowhere" vs. Erica Corsano, Radiohead "Fake Plastic Trees."
no kidding.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
At the dog park on a beautiful afternoon and there's nobody here. WTFuckery?!
how much did you get pictures?
We have two new foster dogs - Newton and Ginger. Check them out on our web page under the Foster Dogs tab!
Here's one for you left-brainers: Which number contains all vowels, repeats no letters and has no 'y' in it? ...
Hey Duders and Duderettes! As we all prepare for our appointments on this fine Thursday, remember that the early bird always gets the worm!
Turning on the data hose after a few weeks off twitter....supply me with content internet "people"
thanks for the follow, looking forward to your tweets
This show is OC
Aw damn.. Tami shouldve beat that ass, but iGuess she had to be tha bigger woman!
yeah. I'm pretty sure I forgot how to play today. New it wasn't good when I hit a 100 yd lob wedge and spun it back 36 feet
You're welcome! Glad you like it! :)
thanks for the play. You rock! It was great to hear!
got you bro
I can't let this beautiful day totally pass by without getting some fresh air. I'm going for a walk.
can u do it for me?
hahah! That's like me with spanish!
talk with of about an interactive map.
things are getting better. Personally I have more work today than in the last two years.
I use to hang with John Torturo at starbucks on 7th n 1st in Dark Slope Brooklyn. Hes there all the time!
Why does Anthony Davis wear a mouth piece? What is he protecting??
Then again this isn't so bad either
Damn they wasnt lien when they said life is short
yes :( unfortunate, i start this junior year this Wednesday! pretty unusual
Thanks for coming in ! RT for lunch with family. Delicious as always!!
writing synopses is easily one of my least favorite things.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Jealous that is in Aspen working the #xgames ..... I WANT A COOL JOB!
I'm good and getting ready to go to work, how about u?
Oh sweetie...RT hobble on popcorn foot
Why am I at work right now? It's gorgeous out. I need to be laying on a beach somewhere...
Brewers give up 13 and Manny Parra didn't give up any of them? Shake it off, tomorrow is a new day.
Only holding me back Oprah I have a show I need Oprah Golden touch to be on your network it helps so many talents
Ramsey vs Conan!
Once You Show A MF That You DON'T Need Them Watch How They All Of A Sudden Be On Yo Ass ."
Up at the eye doctor. I think a mani-pedi should follow.
Life is a choice but death is a decision
Go Tigers! Such a fan thanks to :)
don't forget the BBQ
Excellent!!! Thanks TweetHeart :)
gotta love instructional billboards
haha your a funny guy
Come up lakers what's this shit you can't win on the road!
just saw an advanced screening at the Arclight Hollywood.. loved it... super goo movie!!!
I don't know how to run my new washing machine, I'll wait for to get home to show me.
:/// that suckss i was out celebrating Last night
Oh snap!
I can't imagine the mad scramble that must be launch day. Thanks for all the hard work!
Distractions....you can determine whether or not they distract YOU!
they were all my ideas your just acting too fast lmao
that's whats up preach.
Turning 18 was the BEST thing to ever happen to Justin. Jerry, shirtless photoshoots, all around hotness.
and on FB people are saying that UNESCO supported the creation of this game...
thanks for following...appreciate it!
CHECK!! LOL! --> ": Any girl you can make pornos with... Go head and keep her"
RT : excited for this morning's live reports from preps with ! Hope you join us starting at 7 AM!
so ready to start getting paychecks again
#Marketing is making friends for your company
I figured. Blew him up once. We should figure out a code word. Great chat, though.
WANNA READ BUT JUST NOT ABOUT BOMBS
Thanks for the RT!
So close to home... wish I was back in ny but looking forward to my bed. (@ Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW) w/ 24 others)
Had not heard about this... I can see wanting ONE "published" copy of the book as a keepsake, but multiple copies? To sell??
Yes. 1346 Belmont (@ Southport). email me whenever you would like to swing by.
yes! My nails feel pretty ;)
WE ARE WHO WE WILL BE... This world tries to say who we are but God has filled our hearts with what we were born to be Continued next tweet
I followed her. (;
Rt if u will always support Selena Maria Gomez
she look like someone u want to have her arm around ya? ctfu
I am a bomb technician. If you see me running, try to keep up.
Alrighty, i will!
Happy Thanksgiving! Cheers.
Hi Noah, please follow back!! :)
marry people
Somethings wrong w/google. It won't sms me the weather. What can you do about that? Can you do something about that?
Thanks for LIKING us, Rashawn Smith and Kewana Duett! How'd you hear about us?
RT Teacher: "Back in the days, we didn't have internet.” Me: "Well that's just too bad for you."
Rumor has it that is going to kick me down some Apple stock as a late birthday present! hahaha
Let me know what you think of it. Going to HG next weekend once I'm officially on spring break :)
Lemon, don't try to be cute, you're too old for that.
Dear Twitter, Why would I ever be interested in following ?? Thanks, but no thanks!
Hey Lebron, you should take your talents to Hollywood. Your acting career would probably flourish better there
lol love that show..the American version too. How have you been? Feeling okay?
re: Finally thinking about getting a computer.>> Wait a while longer, in the near future thoughts will be much faster.
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
What if this time I don't say hi first? Or text you back? What if this time you're the one left feeling completely unsure this time?
Gonna cook up some kinako mochi... :)
TY. Perusing your sites now!
YES. I need to up my 6 followers...still learning. Gimme a week or 2
Fellow sociologists/anthropologists: Has anyone done an ethnography in the SF Unified School District? Pls share any references.
Ok tour of social media. But I would like to talk much more about application.
such handsome boys^0^ x
wanna know the secret, guess its how you time the shit.
yeah I kind of do that with Point-and-shoot cameras, I want to touch the screen to go to the next image. Damn, Apple! :)
A guy who was caught masterbating in the sauna 4 years ago just came back to the gym I work at. Let's see what happens!!
Thanks so much!
You two are funny! I'm having fun with this too, it's so fun to discuss a current read w someone also reading it
I've been at #Expotential 10 min and I'm already a mess! Powerful stories being shared!!!
Take me next time you go. Please.
just read a great quote: "good moms have sticky floors, dirty ovens & happy kids." true that! well, my oven is clean cause i do take out.
You don't have to believe in Santa to give. Stop, look, and listen give a little to those in need-because you believe in kindness.
hit that one on the nail!
Full of epsom salts from WORKING OUT too much... RT You know, dudes can take baths too. There ain't nuthin wrong with that...
Contd... #cildc #f105 I'm assuming you don't want them checking in on foursquare?
"we could hang around this town forever making plans but there won't ever be a better time to take this chance..."
A 2011 Scientific Research study by ETScience LLC proves my Dip-N-Rip-Sticks Tackling Technique lowers helmet first impact by 43%.
I really don't like store bought taco shells.
you're welcome :)
I know you like coffee come and experience #latte upon opening follow me to find out when and where. We can discuss your heels??
You should take more time to do the upper / lower case.
You're a dribble pro (literally) but you already knew that. Keep up the #jawdropping work!
hm,, not seen mine and laurens obsession yet:/ hope to see it soon<3.
when you're ready to by that house let me know so I can hook you up with an agent who knows there stuff! Much success!
have a great trip!
I can do pdf. I can import it into iBooks. Doesn't have the cool page turning look, but it's certainly readable. :)
3rd wrong way crash in a week! 3 cars involved in this one on LSD at Roosevelt. Road back open now, but 3 people in the hospital.
and agree that content is more important to your website's success than being "pretty".
Thanks! I appreciate it.
Waiting for #spartacus to start
that's ok man ! There's plenty of girls who would kill to be with you right now! Wish I was that lucky
holy crap, lady! thats a lot of Amazonin'!
i agree
I have so much I could say to you, but I'd rather you not know.
OMG! John Told me to follow you
In my case, the union is the only thing that allows me to put my students' needs before my boss's comprehension set.
Wish mine was cancelled!
+10000 RT : Twitter is not a broadcast medium. Engage.
*frowns* i sorry.... *smiles* here! *holds up another oreo* For Superman Ty!
really dig your work... Great stuff... Let me know if your ever down in FL and well set something up...
I hope is not back for the third season of I don't think I can deal with her cattiness again.
so i think its time we watch Leprechaun In the Hood LOL
should librarians teach young adults cultural sensitivity?
Using Zotero to create bibliography. Many typos in metadata. Assume this is an entry issue or oversight, yes?Crowdsourced proofreading?
omg! you're working! better stop now or you're going to have ID sugarplum dreams tonight :)
We're glad we could help you celebrate. Could you also tell we still have his red hat here.
Sir riding the CTA give me the leather jacket youre wearing I've been looking for it everywhere
So so so much. x.x;; But it's all good. I got to see the twins and male vocalist from Cruxshadows and the Ghost Hunter guys.
I just finished a 3.13 mi run with a pace of 10'53"/mi and a time of 34:06 with Nike+ GPS.
Excited about using new Neutral Density filter!
you mean white don't win the Klan jumps in...
Last scene night tomorrow. Man I'm going to miss everyone.
Thanks. Just curious, I'm in the middle of book 1. Wanted to read it all before I watched. Do you like the HBO series?
watching man vs wild. At Va Beach
Your welcome brotha!! Let me know about rusty and ash
Would really love your help on a #pinterest question. Can you follow and I'll DM?
Congratulations new graduates!!!
"I feel like a rebel"- why? Cause were jumping the fence to get into the play ground??-me "yeah..." haha #ohwell :)
Hi Alicia! Hope you have a great weekend :) You wrote some great stuff this week.
Ride the Beat Tour Official afterparty co-hosted by & Tonite
I would have to agree with that one.
I am so excited for my up coming events - my freelance makeup business is taking off :) #blessed good things to come
George Clooney spotted filming in downtown Cincinnati!
John Travolta may soon learn that not every story has a happy ending.
that's good to know!
I think SSDs are a real advantage over MBP. MBAs due btwn april and june they're saying..
Congratulations to for having his music seent to VH1!
After ol' boy got arrested...how many people still participated in that #StopKony event yesterday ? lol
We are to close of a family..
Halfway Through The Week! Make a Decision By Friday On How Much To Increase Your 401K Contributions and Plan a More Robust Retirement Today!
fighting the good fight man. Hopefully. Don't want to realize I'm a stormtrooper. Looks like you are doing well man.
if you are playing Skyrim as a melee YOU ARE DOING IT WRONG. STOP. Equip a bow IMMEDIATELY. And never take it off. EVER.
"if you want to help the poor, one of the worst things you can do is be one of them"
From the place that I was to the man I've become, I'll be there to see the tower you fall from.
Happy Mothers Day <3 love you momma.
Now, dealers, do not blame me if the women get after you. [1944]
I should take care of these errands but THE RESULTS ARE IN.
If all my shifts were patio I'd never complain
Defenitely gonna be chillin with this weekend.
i don't have the attention span for studying.
So excited the fabulous is going to be one of my bridesmaids!!! #teamworkiscool #bridefabulous :)
Sometimes you wake up at one PM and you're out of bread and you just don't know what you're doing with your life
Late night studying....finals will soon be over. Then summer and room to BREATHE. Everyone loves that feeling, am I right :) ??
invitation sent!
Drinking our dark roast at the moment... "L'amerloque" -- our American "almost" French Roast!
my Mom's FAVORITE
Life has meaning merely if one barters it day by day for anything other than itself.
Follow me!
hahahaha! I mean, it's not funny. But pretty funny story... And I would LOVE to star trip with you guys again!
Thanks for the follow keep up the good work
": Hi IamWARGHOST, thanks for following me here on Twitter :o)" no problem.. your channel is cool..
My youngest is not feeling well today.
PLEASE REPLY. I think im following a poser! Do you have a personal twitter account?! Love your singing! <3
I've been icing my belly button for about an hour.. I'm going to get it pierced now.
Oh no! Come back to us.
thanks and go bucks! (in a week)
we heard it's great! RT Anyone been to African Elephant Crossing? Excited to go on a sunny day + see it.
I have the rare and humble pleasure to be receiving a copy of Galaxy Express 999 today. Long live Toei!
computer party with vanessa holla
They'll need to get there by the end of the sixth inning at least.
Friday can't come soon enough!!!
another thing, when or if i get a bf, i need a guy who is like me, goofy,funny,laid back,down to earth, and of course cares for me and DGAF
work.work.work.&morework. love it.
Start your weekend of right , New Format, New DJ's, Great #drinkspecials, #BottomlessCup 2nite, open 9pm to 3am, Fantastic tunes
LOVE blurb books and would love to win one but I dont have an iphone. RT Want to win your own 60-page, hardcover Instagram book?
Physical environment is big factor that influences how we interact with each other
was looking for a word that has escaped, so I googled "what's it called when you" & Google autocompleted, "...eat yourself." hm...ok.
I think I'm the funniest person I know.
"Shake a Fist" by Hot Chip, you live in the same country as them now
Honeymoon Hike on Kauai, Hawaii: Ke&#39;e Beach
Are you going to replay your favorite #superbowl spots tomorrow morning? Always fun to hear esp. with commentary. :-)
JEFF-KING OF FANTASY! Camp? Naaa RT Was not aware of that. Got a feeling he might be seeing more snaps.
Really? Microsoft's product is the only one without an XP compatible native client. How does that even make sense.
The tie b/t #killinggame & #Beertowndpdc ? The meteorite of course! Karine & the staff of the Beertown Observatory would be proud.
Thanks for sharing our infographic, The Psychology of Color!
goodnight love u
Exciting plans & news coming for our Dance is the Answer project, "Entwine!"
it's a chocolate biscuit! Not just A biscuit!;)
Hope everybody is having a nice weekend!
Has anyone seen the new Sherlock Holmes movie?
"Find the seed at the bottom of your heart and bring forth a flower." - Shigenori Kameoka
Music is the cure
on...now it's time to get ready!
Yeah, those are a good ones. And I know the series editors for both of those, so I could probably have 'em chat w/my class. TY DA
"Now Back up, put the gun down, and give me a pack of Tropical Fruit Bubblicious. And some skittles" Mike and Marcus- Bad Boys
it's good other then school:( that can suck at times
SPITTING on someone is the BIGGEST form of DISRESPECT.
: If there's anything I can do to help pub the Wisco Ad tracking project on our site beyond linking let me know?
Lulz, I love you hunter!! You too, Benjy :)
Bing are doing an amazing job setting up the Rocketspace party. #SXSW12 starts at 4pm
A bit tired today but so much to do. Maybe lunch will help!
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo!
Sales tax in Hawaii is about 4%. Guess who just bought a MacBook Air?
that's awesome I wish I had a dude for that !!!
Our team just got back from Canada and is now heading to Mexico on another adventure.
Titanic 3D with Mr. ! Does it still sink ?
Don't 4get the coffee! -> RT : Lets do this!! #15minoffiya!
Adversity introduces a man to himself
Hey What is your email address?
Thanks for following! Love your jewelry, and your mission.
"go puck yourself" TREND THIS NOW..... RETWEET
Nine days in and feeling fine!
I am looking for the songs for my dance classes....
Is "Stank Pussy" the new "Bad Daddy"??
I have a meeting with an Agency on Wednesday. Wish me lots of luck!
So true. I'm a little old school on this. Jeans to me says - lets get this over because I am ready for the weekend.
I never do this, but #FF to my fav advisee ever, -- can't wait to catch up this weekend!
sorry man, I like for my friends to be paid.
There is a Full-time Clinical Instructor position available at the Universities at Shady Grove - UMBC Social Work Program (Rockville, MD). …
#goodideasforcities "We should probably be friends. It appears we are both awesome."
My hamstrings and buttocks muscles are so sore. I over did it again at the gym last night.
Thanks, we gotta keep thinking... Second only to breathing...
um no.
lol right. I'm just giving you a hard time.
Woo hoo! First job of the new year booked for United Airlines. Multi-cam with multiple DPs.
Isn't that what "Life is Beautiful" tried to be?
Please pray for the 3200 people in Bernalillo county without natural gas -and all of those without warm, safe housing.
#Obama2012 RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
Yes, pass the word on and you should follow us!
I think I'ma go to school during 6th period so I could play softball 👌⚾ Then cg after school 🏁
I feel like a girl when i say mraa right ?!.
Heard good things about the HTC Thunderbolt.
ugh , still taking these twists out
The one you love and the one who loves you are never ever the same person....
No movie that comes out this summer will be better than The Avengers..that will be my comparison movie for years to come, it was Dark Knight
i'm sorry i didnt get an email from you!
thanks for all the great tips on the LinkedIn and Twitter webinar. Glad you're in Columbus as well.
Instagram is so addicting
GM! I'm getting ready for sunday's sermon, I love church (:!!! My weeks even be better. Have a good day tweeps
Plus, network to cable access? Tom's contract talent!“: me the sidekick to Gray TV? I'll pass. I want my own show.”
i remember when i couldn't stop listening to Can't Have You and Turn Right i just simply love them so much
Of course! I mean, one of the most awesome guys ever + music + pizza? Sounds like a pretty sick night ;D
thank you! :)
OK, I've shared my favorite styles with the world. Let me know what you think!
hurry le up
": I DON'T HAVE TO BE SKINNY TO BE BEAUTIFUL ..."
we need a #realityshow --
“: Need advice from What do you do when you miss a workout? Make it up the next day?”yah
shut up Dick, go talk about the f-ing tankees.
In a crafty mood
yup, simplest option out there I could find.
#OneThingIDontLike is when fat people won't get off their butts to bring me food....
Doubt he would come here though. This state is the shittiest state ever. I hate living over here. WHY CANT I LIVE IN CALI.
I cant wear maxi skirts because theyre too short on me
So you are a fan of the Kool-Aid Man?
Holy shit Romanian boys are the sexiest boys
I like eating soup. It tricks me into thinking I'm in a ski lodge and winter isn't over yet.
awesome... Where'd you go and how was it?
Ready for a glass of wine...
BABES CABARET SUNDAY MARCH 14TH FIRST R&B-HIP HOP NIGHT THERE EVER !! THROWN BY YOURS TRULY .. MY BOY SWAG IS SHOOTING VIDEO
can. not. wait. we will need a major team debriefing...
Bought a wristband at Hot Topic today. Wearing it under my wristbands. My arm feels the love.
when do you guise go back to skool
Hi Denise! :D
I tip my hat to all the mothers that work at flower stores on mother's day. This one goes out to you.
one day, when I grow up, I hope to have a majestic beard like you.
Hey! I love that smell. Helps me fall asleep! RT : hi chica!! Lavender oil!
..the end. You have to be happy about that =) I'm sure you didn't appreciate Cena bleeding but Lesnar was bleeding too lol.
yes ma'am we do! I miss you! Just let me know when and where :)))
Have found yet another way to tweet...from my droid. I'm a little slow.
Get Austin Mahone Verified comee one!!
My bad for giving a fuck..
More painful: stubbing one's toe or Joe Buck's game "coverage"
Having fun in Dallas, but have a sick puppy at home. Very upsetting to know that our vet has been giving him inadequate care.
its means they are getting traded for Andrew bailey
What's your fave album?
RT : Thank you for donating a 42" flat screen to Officer Vrtochnik & Dan for the $500 check
Not generally a fan of 3D movies but can't wait to see Herzog's 3D documentary of the 30,000-year-old cave artwork at Chauvet.
Tropical nose? As in sunburnt?
you do care! :
STFU NIGGA I WENT TO SLEEP..
What a beautiful day!
Uh huh. MT : POLITICO sponsored debate "One debate of many" didn't influence choice of Sept. 7 joint address, Carney said
How is it exactly these people threaten you?
lol well I you not doin nothing after you graduate you will breeze through the masters program here
New look for Christmas lights fund - Exmouth Journal New look for Christmas lights fund Exmouth Journal The Exmouth Christmas Lights grou
Kristin shot JR...... I think
in other news, my bracket is totally blown up! at least my final four is still intact...
What do I do when I see someone EXTREMELY GORGEOUS? I stare, I smile & when I get tired, I put the mirror down! ;)
gdhshddbdndnfngbsahjaidfj my life what is it lol
Major client on the cover of today. What can our social media do for you?
u okay?
I hope my leg heals before graduation.
Yes! The women in our lives are so important!
#collegetaughtme how to have sex to get a new couch...
Rained out again. The kids are having a very slow start to the soccer season.
My teams name is Kickin it for Cancer because I support cancer research with Relay for Life
I wish I could speak whale
Bitch You Need To Text Me 😊
There is a special place in hell for people who recline their seat all the way back in coach #it'shardbeingtall
Jessica Chastain, wow
I still don't get how someone walks into a propeller and it is someone else' fault
Love you too! 😍
Who's coming out to see us perform Jan. 26th at the Velvet Lounge in DC?
so much to do... but not now
It's a popped blister, so I don't want a stranger playing w/ it. I will make you go for runs and rides ALL THE TIME!!
props to u dude, I agree with Paul Sr, you bring it every week. ( I didn't think you'd make it one week!)
Thomas Robinson eating Perry Jones' lunch
“Life is a trip, so sometimes, we gon’ stumble, You gotta go through pain in order to become you”
Wow -- great stuff showing up on our "free" table -- Julia is making sure it's looking good.
We're having a morning news discussion on which songs you listen to when you need a "pick me up".. goes with "I will survive"
See That wasn't for you. I said if I wasn't talking to you already that day don't text or call
What strategies do you use to keep all those minor characters straight? Notecards? Spreadsheets?
really hope the surprise i have planned for my gf on valentines day is able to be put in place!
Reading thru voting stats... the Amendment 1 division cut across party lines, racial lines, economic lines.
is the man, no doubt..
I am with you! Scary days forsure! Just gotta rock the gingerness :)
- I found to be inspirational. Loved the skill, knowledge and confidence he's instilling in the young people of Detroit.
I know! I'll be home in April!
Birthday s/o to do it big. Sorry i couldn't make it out, take a shot or two for me
OK, Monday...let's do this! Have a great week everyone!
Still a great season, Hawks! Thank you for being so fun to watch! Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
I hate when Priuses try and race me on the freeway.
Any company whom have recently sold products or services to anyone claiming to be me on the internet, notify me as soon as possible
the first one... It has vanilla ice in it lmao
Daylight savings starts tonight remember to spring forward.
no one would look prettier in that other than you your killin that top
Ugh , dude hurt my arm !
just w.e. I think it's just a meeting
Indians & A's head into the bottom of the second still scoreless. Up for the Tribe: C.Santana, S.Duncan and L.Chisenhall
well said.
Rules of the game are as follows :don't dish it out if you can't take it. Don't laugh then get mad when it turn back on you!!
Hey can you guys come to haverhill, ma??? maybe around february 26... which is my birthday... haha
Glancing through weekend Latino news. Funny to notice how the most popular articles are about how #CincoDeMayo isn'tt so popular In Mexico.
was simply hoping for a retweet to spread the word.
I am so late, but thank you for the RT on April 5th!
good news about black ops having zombies??? i hope so!!!!
lol do u know ur words are chinese ?
With every opportunity you'll face opposition.
Foot reflexology is an ancient natural therapy that utilizes energy zones on the feet, and can provide relief for various illnesses as well…
McGuiness graduation!!! It was awesome. And yeah I really just don't care anymore. I have it second. #prayforme 🙏
Our second team (the fast one) is now doing the safety check in Lake Mills WI.
3am latest I've been up all month
UV cake = delicious, maybe a little too good
How about a no obligation, free vacation to Hawai'i? Sweepstakes of a Lifetime! Enter here before Sept 1: www.majkltravel.net
yo man when do you come to Dubai? We might be here at the same time.
I want a British accent.l
follow back
Today feels like September! Absolutely gorgeous. Believe me, the pumpkins are coming. I saw them this past weekend at Brook Lawn Farm Market
Do you have a product that is a must have for moms? We want to hear about it! www.palmbeachparenting.com - Click Submissions!
Not related, but this is one of the best designed PowerPoint presentation I've seen in a while
my guess is that if we're going 2 rejuvinate pub schls we need 2 come from foundation of whats best 4 kids
Changing lives all day tomorrow. Ill be throwing inspiration around like pixie dust!
this is about the point in the game where I start screaming at my TV.
Can't wait to get u drunk at juicy babe. Am I get a table ready for u !
Saw SO many book campaigns on the Tube in London last week...wonder how those are working out for those publishers!
Not sure what to do for graduation? Celebrate your accomplishments at Mo's... A Place for Steaks! Sunday May 20th
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok. -Shaquille O'Neal
Shark Tank is amazing
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. # Shakespeare
Excited to see Brandi Carlile & tonight!
Miami South Florida are you ready for education, check me out for hands on 4hrs class at the Dynamics Expo 2012 Tree Braids and more...
you can do it!!
Such a fun, relaxing time. Let's!
Look, liberals. Mitt Romney was so unhappy that woman accused Obama of treason that he forced her car to take the stairs.
This must be some sort of bad karma coming back to haunt me.
Be strong and do not let negative people ruin your day!
Possibly bigger than most Chicago athletes. I rank him second behind D Rose and ahead of Jay Cutler lol.
Wait- flying pirate ship blimps? This was not in the three musketeers I remember...
thx I look forward to the lesson. Too bad u don't have a t stat to program.
I work for the Milwaukee Admirals too and I definitely also think that you should do the human hockey puck.
because the spirit lifts you up
#TaxReform Drop Corp. rates to 25%. Eliminate all business deductions except payroll incentives and Cap Ex for co with revs over $500MM
can someone give me a cheesy pick up line
Therefore encourage one another and edify one another, just as you are doing. 1 Thessalonians 5:11
no, i loved Tji, i really thought cee lo was going to choose him :-(
you ratchet
Entrepreneurial Lesson #2: Learn to accept the idea that all ideas don't deserve to succeed--even one of yours.
Mr. Sandman, I would appreciate some normal dreams tonight instead of all the weird stuff you brought me last night!
I don't get why people follow me but don't check out my tunes...
So there's this guy 
Feels good to get a basketball workout in after going 10 days without one
I'm going there in an hour or so...
If i were on jeopardy, and the subject was The MN Vikings, I would buzz in every time with "What is nobody gives a damn" hoping i was right!
