Thank you Wendy, inform, inspire and create. All can give free $25.00
Dry eyes may be due to a deficiency of vitamin A or essential fatty acids.
There are WAY too many people here. I really hope I find #TheEverglow &
Thanks Pam! I think I just googled myself!
I bet you start a trend with it, I know I want a plastic window now too. Just can't decide which window...I'm sorry girl. Sucks!
this guy gets IT. RT “: You mean, "Oh no what's HAPPENING?" ”
Getting day drunk by myself before a reality show callback is the most prepared I've ever been for an audition.
Rain! Rain! Rain! =)
Many men die at twenty-five and aren't buried until they are seventy-five.
The pleasure was mine. Social networking will get you known.
Thanks for the info. I did confirm w/our Legal Dept & they did receive the email. Sent you a DM w/more details. ^CH
Gilroy scores her second goal for the #Gators. #UF leads #Northwestern 3-1 with just under 20 minutes left in 1st period.
Hahah you two are together aren't you... :P
so true. Learned alot since my two promotions in the past year. Very disappointing but better I know right?
RT There are two types of employees, those you throw a party for before they leave, and....
Love Ena & Maude. Thanks for all the ideas.
YOU GUYS SUCK.
Just saw that you had your baby. Congratulations!! :)
Jeff Conaway's death in May has been ruled an accident. Did anyone think otherwise?
"The loudest critique of was that it was not useful" - responded saying, "neither is ice cream"
See you there! RT who is ready ?!?! penmar park 5pm! Tomorrow&sunday
i like how Austin's bg is mostly of butts.
I LOVE THIS STERO I GOT !!!!!! :) jamming to Justin Bieber :)
great job you two.
haha! Im still on my couch!!! See ya tomorrow. Haha
Heat's a great answer, but how about this one as well: What rally?
Good Morning, #Chicago! Heading out for a quick lunch? Let us serve you up a bowl of hot soup or a cold salad to go with your sandwich
I'm actually living in NY
#NonExistentRecordsDay The London Philharmonic Presents: The Music of Crazy Town.
“: Hope it don't rain all night” Over by 7p...
I had a choice between buying the zombie tank or AAR's new cd I chose the tank. Still want the cd. Malls upset me. Remind me of our problems
Who does it right? Which celebs have a killer social media presence? -CS
Yeah. Borrowed a sit and stroll which should help, but still need a stroller too. Apparently is a schlep from hotel to conf. rooms.
who to follow
A lower center of gravity makes you able to make your way to the front. And airplane rides . . . . . .
#followmedylan please follow me! Your amazing!
Lots of people donating blood...THANK YOU! But we need more! Bucky Badger here in 45 minutes!
Keynote speaker at tonight's Goucher College Hillel Annual Meeting.
U.S. Stocks ended off their worst levels following news, Greece will receive another bailout payment; still closed in negative territory.
did you get your ham? lol I stood in line a couple of years ago and refuse to do it again! lol
Congratulations on the release of "Blindspots"! I am proud to be a contributor.
Be someones inspiration
Incestuous erotica of horror in movies like "Halloween" linked by Rana to "the future of race war."
Yeah! ": He is back. Broncos have agreed to terms with DT Justin bannan.”
I've seen the first 2 eps of X-rated Twilight. I say go w/ Boardwalk Empire. There more substance. It's truly stunning!
Do you have Instagram? follow us "jamheybastard" DO IT
Thanks for all the follow backs :) Shout us out and tell your friends to check us out and follow <3
AYE!!! Dis summer couldn't go faster can't wait to leave
at least they didn't blow a 20+ lead like Memphis #moralvictories but the Lakers still down two in the series lmao
I used to be a tree surgeon until, one day, I fell out of a patient
Awesome picture! Thanks for sharing Patrick! RT my first trip with great service!
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to loose sight of the shore for a very long time. A.G.
I think Canada just wants us American's to be punished. No servers yet again.. #BF3 /:
Lakers needin a new coach. He needs to respect his starters. Bynum needs to back hand him
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul. -Wayne Dyer
...end of September for a few nights. I HOPE. No hurries...just planning ahead. And day dreaming.
One of the big things #TheHelp misses is the threat of sexual (&racial) violence domestics face on the job. Even now. See #DSK case.
How do u like it?
Fear of Friday the 13th is called friggatriskaidekaphobia. I wonder if there's a fear for words you can't pronounce?
The Yanks, Sox, Jays and Marlins will certainly tell you that solid closers are needed. I prefer to flip them for better parts.
It might hurt to lose people, but maybe they just weren't supposed to stay.
There is no saying no to Q and Miss Moneypenny.
u know wht sucks
My pleasure Nicole!
i sometimes have #socialmedia guilt. will focus on #facebook at expense of #twitter and then feel guilty. #socialcheating?
You're welcome! Thanks for the great article!
any chance you can send over that job info for my buddy? Thanks man!
If you are a salty sweater, salty foods will be needed post exercise to replace lost sodium.
I miss u
HILARIOU TIME TODAY IN SCHOOL AND THE BUS!! :>)
Thanks for the RT :)
Thank you for following all
sometime try avocado on toast if you haven't already
once a major company leaves downtown it will result in making downtown a ghost town the train system will be for naught.
Okay let me go night night because i have this test at 8:30am . Smh :(
If I didnt have my son idk wat id dO .
Hi Marco Andretti I got a sweet vid of you flying in long beach california - pat ford*
RT Celebrate with me & girls at the Javits Center
definitely good #childhoodmemories! :))
aww thanks for the shoutout! you are thee best :)
We have some nasty freaky boys in Cass lol
hahaha just trying to get a rise outta ya thats all :) *ducks and fires nerf crossbow*
Sweet, trailer of Brooke Whites California Song on AI tonight!
We only have a limited number of tickets for our show @ subterranean next week! This is a big show for us and we are too damn excited!
after painting for the afternoon, i realize that i am a level two drawer and a level one painter.
Hey, We've got my Birthday Party on Friday and a SHOW on the 30th @ Naked Lounge in Sac! Who's ready to party?
You can discuss the type of care that's needed. Is it long term elder care or just help while recovering from an injury or hospital stay
How good do the #Chargers look right now? They could be a dangerous team down the stretch.
But I live tweeted my party so you could feel like you were there!
Oh California Sun, oh how I love you and loathe you at the same time. I shouldn't burn but I do....
Anybody want a peanut?
Thanks for the RT!
Nah, I need to get some cupcakes today and get a photo with a few on my head.
RT: if i get to 25k followers by friday... the beastie boys mixtape come out. only need 120 to reach it... so... :)
FULL TANK! Yes! Thank you mom and dad.
its well deserved for the MC
work of art you could be my masterpiece, but you fast asleep
Jillians is OPEN and we have power! Back Bayers, get out of the dark and come have lunch! Spend $10 on lunch & get a free game of bowling!
ROWDY RODDY PIPER! He touched my face!
i needs a hair cut
RIP Americans Elect. You'll be missed by no one, but say hello to David Broder in both sides are equally to blame purgatory.
feel free to do mine too
girl problems :P lol
One of the old Onion editors had a great line: Jesus saves, but God invests.
's new name is "Metta World Pants"
can i put a application in
Got pulled pork smoking away. Smells so good. Been cooking since last night about 8:30
Thank YOU for featuring us! Any questions? We love that you get our puns/double entendres and came up with your own. Stay strong.
Brain radio just switched from "Zip A Dee Doo Dah" to the opening theme from The Rite of Spring. What is wrong with me?!
Hey Earl Hit em
Hope everyone is having a GREAT weekend! Posted 126 new photos for the VIP's of my website & now its time for me to go play! See ya Monday!
When is going to can that ass Johnny Douchebag Miller - today`s gaffe was saying was like "watching paint dry".
I heard your going to the springle ball, is that true? And how do you perform in big crowds? oh and thanks for following<3
might b gay.
Tell a bitch to read between the lines, and she act like Fantasia
No beer for you? that makes us sad!
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100%
Perplexed by coconut water.
shut up steve lol
I hear someone calling for us
like you guys that would do that for her! Sorry I couldn't have stayed longer. Love ya too Annely! Hope y'all made some money!
using&saving (:
I would rather fight with you than make love to anyone else.
Anne Vitiello: Mothers Who Were Children of Divorce: Contemporary divorced mothers -- whether single, remarried or blending families ...
word. why isn't anyone telling him to wrap it up? RT: I can't get with the newer DMX stuff. Real sloppy, unmotivated sounding.
Had a great meeting with the folks Starting to think of how to use their mobile tech for elearning. Some cool ideas
I remember having a library card that looked like that. Thanks for sharing.
Day off to re-charge my batteries is exactly what I needed - especially with an ultramarathon tomorrow.
get up early! Lol
Best use of 2 hrs: Biennial, Renior & full-length painting or Deco ?
If I buy the new Droid 2, do you know how long it would take to actually receive it?
#jhumda Hi everyone! Happy Saturday night!
That phone call I just got from >> Lmfao
- I wish I could put some of the stuff I have up...
A friend of mine is moving to town to teach at MICA. She doesn't know many folks there; may I put her in touch with you?
RT Our first 100 followers will receive a special coupon good for any of our services! Please follow & RT!
can I help me get more followers?
RT : We've got 4 pairs of tix to the Maymont Flower & Garden show to give away! RT to enter. Winner chosen at 2pm.
chillin on it, hate I miss trade day and it was on my bday
i was flying from LA to Miami on Sunday, and my plane got struck by lightning. the pilot tried to say otherwise, but I saw..
Download #Stronger or gift it! Keep it on top of !
Small fire at Skywalker ranch with little damage, says recent report. Luke used the Force
Breathing is just a rhythm.
have a great wk. A fan for sure.
In hell
Like a champion. I told my girl at the airport Salt Like Taco stand to be ready for you.
u r my bff :D
January 1 2012. I woke up to someone whispering in my ear "I love you"
heading out to the Office supply store early this morning to buy a stupid network cable. Just what I love to do !
Having a #proudfamily moment with
Just left a fantastic voice lesson. My voice coach is beyond awesome.
Where can I check Em Out at Bro
Yes you can. All your 1st year experiences can be compared and contrasted with the book to make your case.
Whats for Dinner Tonight? I hope it's healthy! We have a goal!
If it was MySpace, maybe. MT Am I the only one amused Mark Zuckerberg has a twitter account? Probably but u do see the irony right?
The folks who have accomplished the least in their lives are the most likely to give unsolicited advice...
Thanks for the mention InfoPay. Have a great weekend.
He shall cover you with His feathers. We thank you Lord for divine protection everyday. Be Encouraged!
A question mark.
literally the best show on tv. Every single character is beautiful
#TerrificThursday have a good day :)
Commenter: differences between L, A, and M are in our heads. That's where the change needs to happen.
I just dont want the other Chicago gals jealous that I got your boogie
No I'm on 7mile right now
Key West. Poker Run this weekend, we will be there.
Why guys with light eyes So damn cocky? It makes them less attractive. I like them humble...
Top: Ed Wood, Beetlejuice, Batman. Bottom: Dark Shadows, Apes, Chocolate Factory MT top & bottom Burton films?
Testing, Testing..........This is a test of the emergency tweet service. Whoop Whoop!!!
Home...bored...probably go to my boys house and play games till I get bored. Then I'll need something else to do. :-(
Seeking: Software Developer NYC trading firm, write high performance computing libraries and applications to operate massive data sets. C++…
I wish I was with you instead of pulling my hair out at my computer.
#wilsonphillips has a reality show????? oh HELL to the YES!! please let it be called "hold on for one more day".
Good morning, everyone! Happy Friday!
Don't knock the hustle.
I've Been Down Before by Loren Francis
Thank you so much for sharing tweet!
What are you doing tomorrow? Interested in hitting up a museum?
So tired.
maybe you should just make out with the girl yourself. everyone will be better off.
And when all else fails, i just get high.
So funny A lady saw me in a store and yelled "hey isn't that the loofah lady? i got very strange looks as in a huge question mark lingered
Lady, you are not amusing, this is not stand up comedy, shut up already!
I hope there are mimosas at this brunch...
Yes, we need a little isthmus! So many months we waited. The army told us this must, be better than Grenada! No more peaceful coexistence!
Looking forward to some of the Dbacks staff speaking at SBA tomorrow. Hoping to collaborate with the All-Star Game
I didn't realize how much I needed in my life until it was absent from my life for 2 months.
You can suck a dick or you can suck on a ball sack
Looking forward to working on some exciting projects with #LAnet integrating #technology with
#What2ChainzWouldSay no hang time, amare braids, boosie cut, bald fade, allen iverson ,not paid, lebron's hairline, FADE AWWWWWAAAAAAYYYYYYY
Help us reach our goal of 100 followers! Qponomics is a coupon book app rep'n Sacramento. Free download saves u $ at local stores!
Chicago is cursed...i tell you...cursed....
# gig downtown today.
Who will spy on the spidermen?
Check this account t out the next time you hurt someone else.
Would love to listen to Mr. T without the annoying Eric Byrnes. Just can't take his jock-dufus persona.
Sounds like Dr. Paul isn't dropping out, but rather being realistic with only primaries and no caucuses left on the slate.
what? i'm in class and the girl next to me was reading it too...we're so confused
Encore performance by 4OURTH STREET tonight at 6:30pm
Hot and humid over here!
11/11/11 Thanks, to all Veterans & active service men & women, come enjoy a free drink of your choice and 20% off <3
you didn't invite me on Facebook. Also I gotta Check with husbands work schedule Friday night
Damn! Was really looking forward to hold out stories! MT : Patriots Wes Welker has signed franchise tender, per ”
Crazy humid out here.
it's great on elbows
you pumped to get back to the PNW?
#20ThingsAboutMe i love racing and watching them
Attempted to excavate my desk and instead ended up in research heaven (or hell), depending on how you look at it.
SO jealous! YUMMY! Wish i could afford;)
I hope everybody enjoyed their Thanksgiving day! Now it's time to get ready for Black Friday!
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone. ~ Dorothy Parker
"Aunt Jamie, these chips will make your leg feel better." -Cute Nephew Logic
I need 4 of me today. TOO. BUSY.
I don't get along with most people because i hate everyone and your all assholes <3
my gay husband reports my new methead neighbor is best known for faking cancer, leaving her children & not paying artists from her gallery
girl I'm like God is speak directly to me. Amazing
he owns all the corner stores in town hehehe
"Play the music, not the instrument." ~Unknown
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡5
Manning Street Capital, a third-party litigation financer, launches a new website @ www.manningstreetcapital.com
You’ll re-read this one: You, Inc.: The Art of Selling Yourself by Harry Beckwith and Christine Clifford
Was going to tell you at practice today, but Buck isn't having class tomorrow.
Completely lost for words. RIP Ms. Masson
Oh my goodness, Sean. I doubt she even remembers...
SB may be a loyal servant,but the church's inability to show compassion, humility, christianity respect for women is destroying it
column column column. column column column. column column column. (to be sung to the Mario tune). Very motivational for writing.
me too
now watch, you gone end up gettin a job in the real world where you gotta get up at like 5:30 lolol
About to get in this gym tonight! 💪
MUSICIANS! This is the best, truest, quirkiest video I have seen in years about the music biz. Cracker takes on so funny
Steve Nash going to the Heat = Unfair lol
"I love prince!" do you know he's from here? "that's beautiful!" #what?
Wonderful practice last night. A big thank you to Aline for stopping by, and jamming with us!
I had a cracker for breakfast and a glass of water for lunch.
Went and got a phone screen protector and he put a black one on my phone. seriously dude who want their screen to be dark.
Culture critic
Ideed! Happy birthday, !
Everything I learned about life was from the movie Stripes. Timbers can get it going with a trip to Czechoslovakia.
We didn't inherit the land from our fathers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! I love you & hope it's wonderful!
Got my phone taken away. Fml
So I'm back to using Debian. Feels good.
RT : Seahawks defeat the Chicago Bears 38-14 to move to 7-7 on the season. The Seahawks are now 5-1 in the past six games. Awesome
Why!!!! Does it have 2 go on commercial everytime sum1 performs thn play sum commercials ugh!!!
saw the RT from pretty cool!
Amazing. excited to see your blogs about the trip!
Colder weather plus rain equals vanilla chai tea...snickerdoodles...a warm blanket and snuggling...wth is everyone so friggin
seriously, your tweets make me lol every time. glad for the loophole, keep em coming!
yikes. call dss i imagine.
I Missed you! Hope your feeling better. c: Loving the picture by the way.
& : Thank you all for following!
When asked"What do you want?" do you answer with what you want? Or do what others do and answer with what they think they can have?
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate liars
get a Xbox please
Playing the new black eyed peas game lol !!!!! ImaBee
this Atlanta #hawks crowd is the quietest playoff crowd that ive ever seen!!
All lies will eventually surface, just as karma will always come back around.
I'm back in time :) Just waiting for my ballot...Chicago Mail (shakes fist)
Happy Easter (:
thx for the follow. i look fwd to your tweets.
Woot! Now you'll just float on by (like a leaf in the wind).
#ThisSummerImTryna go to L.A. And party party party !!!
The smell of freshly cut grass >>>
Lmao funny stuff happening in Locker Room lol
You're most welcome.
Expedia should rank hotels by upstream bandwidth.
It just fell on top of me! Better my hand than my face, though. My car hates me.
Yeah well, I'm holding you accountable if not.
Definitions in living. 1. Agency: "i ain't got no other day than today to make today the best day today can be." - TTW
I didn't realize pat benatar was jewish. I thought she was italian. For u young folks she was a really famous singer in the 80s. Fab voice!
Hi, Nancy, I'd love a galley of Episodes if you still have one to spare. Sounds great! --KT
Hey, that stings a little. But only a little.
thanks for the follow! Good luck Down Under!
Lmao! I've always thought this.
Visiting family is always nice - especially when you're on you way back home ;)
And we have beer!
Now I'm jealous! Love to see some proofs.
“: They say you only fall in love once, but that's not true; because every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.”
And I'm finally picking up my Nixon 51-30!
Are the dodgers going to succeed this season or another heart break?
Our co-founders and are teaching a cool film class for nonprofits today. Sign up for next month's soon!
Why is she askin all dem questions
Hey, let Crown The Empire play 2012 Warped Tour! :D
More EP work today \m/
I'm hurt. I like Jazzy fizzle better now!!!!<\3
Whomp There It Is!!! Whomp There It Is!!! When is Tag Team gonna represent the Cats??
Thanks for "you've been hacked" notifications. Apologies. Sordid intrigue/backstabbing fakes vanquished.
what if you pick a bot follower, or worse, a spam follower?
haha...its weird that went out. Not sure what I did to make that happen other than transferring my URL to new server. Hm...
I seriously love coming across people with AMAZING voices on youtube. screw all those irrelevant celebrities.
RT : Best thing about this weekend is: BREWERS!
Errors & omissions in the CODATA are not a matter of opinion, rather simple facts of math & algebra. Science means your correct errors.
My drawing came out like a little kidd drew it xP
LOL yeah then no :).
Sure I remember you! Critique forthcoming.
The best part about writing a blog dedicated to things that make you happy is realizing you don't have time to write about all of them.
Where did this NKOTB song come from and why is it stuck in my head?!?
Don't wanna go to work
WELCOME, SUMMER. I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR YOU TO GET HERE. HAPPY GRADUATION GUYS XX
no matter where you go, or what you do: there you are.
And the entire #Indiana hoops team is in the CNN HQ today! #Sweet16 #Kentucky Wildcats, where are you?
Team no hangover
RT : Enter to win the blockbuster hit Fujifilm X10 or $100 Adorama gift cards with your landscape photo! Full details:...
I've seen many essays come back red penned. Or with "they're applying for the wrong program." That sort of thing.
And I'm up like morning wood. Workout time. #Brewers #OpeningDayCountdown 5 days
Moneyball is an excellent film. Highly recommend you check it out!
Doors open @ 7 downstairs & show @ 8!!! So we can prob get down there to secure Spot around 7:30?? And It's a sold out show 2!!!!
Do you manufacture/sell ear plugs? DM me to be part of an exciting opportunity in education, prevention, & collegiate sports!
So do the main stage bands for get announced at midnight local time or PST?
is this video online?
Thanks for this morning's delivery. Happy Friday and have a great weekend. U R Appreciated!
u guys still at Currant?
Shout out to for not saying hi- cause she was with some studd muffin
I see from your profile that you are a Writer &Lover of literature. Who is your favorite living writer.
only idiots think that. U just wanna have a chance like Cal said. Even the yrs we were only decent with no chance was a blast
So where are you? In a session or sitting somewhere?
Digging through 2010 receipts - Are you excited for tax season? ;)
RT : I gotta go to my boring ass job :-( <- hey gotta eat
The way I sing, and these songs I write, they aren't me. I'm terrible, I'm in between.
shure...say all guys that i love him and miss him..;)
Hanging at AT &T White Lake 9278 Highland Rd., free concert tix and smartphone stuff 5p til 7!
I'll swing by the 's 40th birthday tonight. I'll also be at the 41st birthday at 's new west parking structure.
#NYC, you disappoint me. Two years I've lived here and not one celebrity sighting. Come and find me, famous people! Clock's ticking!
I think "Reena" is one of my favorites of their later years ... Sigh
2Days with no pop! :O
haha, ok. no squeezing. afterward, I will leisurely pick it up. after I space out for a week or so.
this summer you both need to work out with me because i have to for track
ABRAHAM LINCOLN: ZOMBIE HUNTER IS REAL. REALLY REAL. IT'S ON THE NEXT LEVEL. NO, NOT THAT LEVEL, THE NEXT ONE AFTER THAT, Y'ALL.
ugh, it sucks.
Definition of "hard-working" (or "crazy" ): Being the only one left in the building on a Friday afternoon when its pouring rain outside.
I know! The frenzy of the end of a school year seems to spill over into hurry-up PD.
Don't think I could eat bacon flavored ice cream : It's the maple bacon for me, I think! Now THAT sounds divine!! ;-)
Who needs to win a million when you can make 2 million
Enjoying sushi outside for lunch. This weather is so amazing!! So ready for spring!
: Support limited govt. HR 2366, TX Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act: $$$ for #deficit w/o raising taxes.
at Madison bowl having a ball!
Wheew! Thanks for all of the support to make a phenomenal print sale! Big thanks to for coming out. LOVE those polenta fries!
Hey, can you find us a spot to eat before you take off. Some of the guys are hungry. Thanks.
Agreed. Don't know who has the comms responsibility for publicizing zerista. Probably
RT : Let's not absolve the parent/coach/player development complex completely..[agreed]
Someone do my sga essay for me :(
even though you've taken on a complex issue, you've made many Americans proud today!! this is REAL leadership!
We put the over-under on opening weekend box office receipts at $102M.
I wanna cry so bad ..
I am reading it! it's very helpful.Thank you for the wonderful book!
Not only does it sound fun, it IS fun. Plus you meet your goals. Not too bad if you ask us (but we're admittedly biased)
Hope your having fun on tour heard about the news, proud of you son
Welcome to NM! RT A massive duststorm just hit visability is low im still a couple of miles from it
#chicultural2012 Ensure vibrant cultural space for artists, cultural groups and nhoods
lol I don't watch glee
frequently discussed on sports talk radio. fans can't afford official merch. so they buy knock-offs w/ colors off, bad logos etc.
Music samples got a little wonky there during the Amazon/Bond story. Whoops!
That's whats up! That's how we do in 505!
Sturday morning with nothing to do where is
Our most sincere thank you to those who have served and continue to serve our country. America was built on sacrifice, may we never forget.
Does CBS/NYT poll have right bias? i would not have thought so
same to you love!
Are you still looking for PR Work?
I luv u let's d8
Real Recognize Real But IDONT RECOLLECT YA !!
Go find a band aid.
#VSCPA Just finished blog post on emotional intelligence for VSCPA blog. Looking forward to Leader's Summit next week!
All I see is Bieber Tourways on the back of a bus but then I see on the side of the bus Carl R. Bieber Tourways. It's still funny though :P
3 more innings...c'mon Detroit
WTF SINCE WHEN WERE YOU THERE #jealous i love you bye
oh I'm working on the awesomeness. Thanks for sharing with me =) You seemed to have plenty to spare ; )
Love u ♥
where's ur son going.. Weren't you guys looking to move soon?
Im just trying to finish this up by this weekend so that I wont have to worry about it next week
RT It's only Wednesday.
with USC servers somewhere on the bottom of the sea, thank god we could we could reach through the rain to the cloud
I hear running. I'm not tellin' y'all again.
I shouldnt need to tell you but put out their first full length today! Go get it! RT RT
Listening to for #seniorday speech. Proud to be part of Class of 2012.
Follows Real-Time Climb of Everest in May iPad Edition
if only that show were accurate
#realfriends are everything :) they are truly, real
Lord RT : Note to the person I just unfollowed. Making rape jokes about a basketball game sucks. Rape is never an OK punchline.
She's played a Playboy bunny twice! And a tramp on #ItsAlwaysSunny. Poor girl.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
“It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness
I think you need a update to use your switch XD
Never Forget Today
me too :) i don't quite know how to assess their conversation growth tho. seems 2 me it's deeper.
It's that time of the night where everything is funny for no reason. I really should go to bed but I have too much crap to do.
The heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others. The Wizard of Oz
& yo hoe is ah pro Fuck every Nigga she know you love her dirty drawls so you can't let her goo..
Trivia Tuesday: What is the goal for this year's community-wide #OpFeed campaign? Give us your guess (in meals). 1st correct answer gets RT
More thank yous to for RTs! Much appreciated.
Good luck with the 5k on Sunday! Hoping for a big turnout.
Many adoptees are haunted by questions concerning their birth that last a lifetime and can influence their adult relationships.
When Billy Crystal said 'Harry Potter' did you get the feeling that he might have been uncredited as Dobby? Just me? Really?
I'm 400 words from my 1k goal. Fingers, don't fail me now....
hey girl nothing working
Watching on TheView... hilarious as always!
I have to say, the best investment I have ever made was attending school, it continues to pay dividends!
thanks doll. How's life on your end?
just me. The Godfather is getting old. Need coffee soon. Text me when you go down. 5182603131
Wish this didn't upset me so much
FOLLOW BACK
: Love the #Goonies - great choice. Tonight, I am catching up on #Ringer via streaming video. My new fave show!
gym then off to work i go ..are you not in SD?
We bet ya didn’t know - Ireland's national symbol is actually the Celtic Harp. (Not the shamrock.) Spread the word.
I got 10 Euros in my wallet.
Some men are born to greatness. Some have greatness thrust upon them. Me? I like Burgers!!
She really thinks she's bad -_-
The habit of writing begins with establishing the habit of beginning the writing. Start with that, and you'll be pleased with the results!
Check out our NEW menu of the season! www.labelseven.com
outside everywhere !! i haven't been wit ky a lot..maybe thats why i haven't seen u :-/ we needa chill sometime thooo
Slobogin: Also, maybe proportional according to severity of crime, but that's a HUGE nightmare.
thank you so much! Thanks for ur kindness & support. That was AWESOME! God Bless & continued success!
I'm usually not like this,but people can be real douches, just because she doesnt like you doesn't mean you have to make her life miserable.
I have one thing to say to you. "Run Forrest, run!"
#10CommandmentsOfAnAfrican Thou shall not talk back to their parents or they will get beatdown. Period
If intentionally walking Konerko to get to Dunn doesn't get him to hit I don't know what will
TimeTo Wake Up!!!
I hate feeling depressed over something I didn't do that I wanted to do so badly. I feel as if life told me that I sucked.
I think I like him cause he does what he wants and acts like he could care less about all the hoopla!
Best.Day.Ever.<3 With the Family and Boyfriend tomorrow(:
What it do
Here we goo
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt FYNDecor
when you hittin up ?
haha did katelyns head get any better lmao poor us
That's just wrong. Emo is mad!
you're weird.
plz follow me if you do i will be there for you i will remember you,dream of you every night and i will pray for you
There are some causes that I'll NEVER get behind, no matter what anyone says. One such example? "SAVE THE BEES!" Hell. No.
Maintenance still available? Never know what could come up
have u dome a baby shower ??? cuz if u havent kingdom sound entertainment will love to help u on uss..
We should talk about that because my brother has Diabetes and its hard for me to let him live his life when our mom died of it.
That terrible feeling when you realize you just sent an email with the word "shat" instead of "what" in it....
“: “I get knocked down, but I get up again. You’re never going to keep me down.” --Chumbawamba”
feelin better took a walk
Post-acquisition, I now work for RoundarchIsobar. I can't wait to tour the company headquarters in Tlön.
You know you're hungry when 's photo tweets make you drool!
We shd. Im around this sat n tomorrow aft
I keep confusing CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) and CCS (Cooperative Computer Services). Does this make me a bad person?
Do I lose nerd-cred if I tell the internets I've never seen Alien? If it makes any difference, I am changing that now.
Slowly realizing that I'm no longer the young buck at work anymore. Not sure if I should feel sad about this.
Man Lefty is not doing good on the opening round. Bounce back Phil!
#Follow for
oh my god could you imagine what would happen if she saw it...
gimmie something tough to spell, that's easy.
We’re always amazed by the tamale love in #PDX. Delivering our pride and joy to today- Enjoy & Feliz Cinco de Mayo!
I walk my shit, & did that shit what about u?
Riverbend Music Center in Cincinnati, Ohio -August 9th. A little later than usual but it's summer tradition. #cantwait Who's in?
": #ItsTimeForYouToRealize you smell like shit.." Omg, who does this remind you of?
Thanks a lot for your hit back! Cheers!
Well, it's supposed to be 106 today...that's hot even for us! Still better off than those up north, though...lower humidity today.
Im Glad I Don't NEED make up (: I just Choose To Put Some On My Face ^_^
whoa indeed
We are getting ready to go get our inauguration tickets from Senator Brownback's office.
for now, Dick Clark... so long. RIP
IDK, they seem to nervously laugh some things off. Maybe it's just me lol
Of course NCAA is looking at Nerlens. Why wouldn't they! He re-classified!
I absolutely hate summer book reports!!
life sucks.
My guy is a little horny, but aren't a lot of guys horny?!?!
I'm addicted to The Secret Life of an American Teenager. #ohwell. 😁
not ok... yashita is fine... ys??
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown. - Jim Morrison
Baseball, trout fishing, turkey hunts. I dig April!
I live in the midwest
super awkward naked retarded man.
We have the show tickets in our hands! Contact us and get them in yours!
#Columbus innovator list wouldn't be complete without , Brooke Paul and the guys who started Founders Factory...
#NHL Commish on talking bout fighting being just a SMALL part of the game. Fighting is the ONLY reason to watch! Lol!
That is great! A little claustrophobic....but lot's to look at while waiting... :)
Super useful day updating online profiles. Plus I taught someone that iPhones connect to iTunes.
no and no
careful, you broke your internet the last time you were so awesome!!!
OMFG! I love the substitute that I had for science. She gave us the answers to our homework! :O
In less than 48hrs The Rob Michaels Band will be rockin' the HOB... will you be there??? It's a guaranteed amazing time!
You could devote some time to the heart warming, crime fighting, bounce passing antics of Our Hero.
SUMMER IS HERE & IT'S HOT AT LENNAR! Select homes come w/pool pkg or upto $20k in options + up to 10k in clsg costs
Nature fits all her children with something to do, He who would #write and can't write, can surely
eh... Less dishes to wash. I can dig it
thanks Kevin!
Listening to my students talk about the LAN parties they had over break I am convinced they are the real embodiment of the Big Bang Theory.
If you're leaving #cildc via metro pleas stand the right on the escalators. The DC commuters will thank you :),
Just witnessed a guy hitting his dog, and the dog jumping back all scared. all because it barked. What can you do? It is a dog.
I wasn't 100% confident about my decision to go with until I discovered uses it. I'm sold now.
Gorgeous pic, loving it. Have a beautiful week. :)
Can't wait to munch on a #SanDiego style burger with everyone from at !
mad of what?? Of not having an ass?? Nahh if I dont have an ass how can I DEFECATE?? U do the math!go back to school boy lol
I'll have to check it out. Thanks.
Paradox of multiple choices: answers may differ due to variety of perspectives but only one answer gets credits in
Thanks IBM for adding #JCDL2012 to your events
you are mighty delusional, mighty mighty.
Your mind is a question answering machine.
#FF <<My Friend on the other End!
For the record I dont take advice from ANYbody who rockin Shaq's or BK's. No way! haha
Brrr…. Rather envious of the team at
So is fb a way for people to discuss their problems ?
yayyyy! Text me back :D
At our #sxsw party? Tweet in , check in or snap a pic on with #sxswmpress 4 our event photoblog!
Too all whom have had a Reading from me or taken a Tarot class! I need Testimonials for my new websites!! thanx in advance, Rick
guess who passed his online class with a high D ;D (67%)
That could be considerate hint
Haha fuck you C Miles ! Nd already my Big Booty Diva got my bak ; )
a u rap too i seen that shit on worldstar
It was an epic sundae mashup, even on a rainy day. - I can't wait for summer!
Feel good this morning! I ran my 7 miles.
Wohoo! Can't' wait! ": Only 50 days till the 46th Annual Saint Patrick's Day Parade. Let's make it the best one yet!"
you know im the only one right now who could see that tweet
Thank you !
Paybacks a motherfucker
great pics john!
Crazy! Our bassist can't play this show, so we have a fill in. I hope we still play our best! :)
Tis the season for weight loss! If you are serious about changing your life, like I am in 2011, reach out to me! Let's team up!
We just found some knives hiding away.... decided to put them on clearance. Come on in for some discounted Shun and Wusthof!
would you get turned on or offended if chris brown punched you in the face?
wit my and luvin this Chuck tribute....XII lounge
Whats in your glass this glorious Sunday?
first take in a thoroughly reported feature by Yahoo! Sports one of the Tebow critics is Denver Broncos quarterback Brady Quinn
~wish I was there...my luv to #ereexpo!
Self confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings. --Samuel Johnson
Santorum Oozes Out. Of the race.
nice. I was playing words with friends and tweaking my phone till about 2am lol. Why am I up this early?!
it was SO fun! I just walked it, but had a blast playing with the colors. Wear comfy shoes, i recommend sunglasses. And HAVE FUN!
If your lawyer has a ponytail you're going to prison
Glad you enjoyed the Saga Blue Cheese recommendation! How did you use the cheese, what type of recipe?
it was indeed :3
#FF Our tweeters in the stores: , , ,
Great blog!
Zero Dialect at Twist in Metry tonite!
damn I'm early as hell in this uncharted territory.
Please dont let it be true that Whitney just died!
visit Donna today!!!
WHL Finals Game 3 about to begin. We'll have highlights/reactions tonight at 10/11/Sports Sunday.
What's your go to track to get you through a rough day?
Order is Restored on &#39;Dancing with the (Injured) Stars&#39;
Will you tell me what's it's like when you find the gold at the end of the rainbow?
I remember vividly the day I completely forgot who Rick Santorum was.
Appreciated and endorsement reciprocated. I/we definitely feel like you are doing the right thing in this industry.
We Love You!!
Remember, she broke your heart. You have no reason to feel guilty.
This game leaves much to be desired. Indiana would've at least hit shots and offered a challenge
Not received.. please resend.. thanks a bunch, hope to work with you on this project.
I'm really anxious to see what's going to happen in #FallingSkies!!! so excited! :)
add me on facebook.com/toninkajj or i on there most of the time.
If told me happy birthday, I'd definitely cry.
Just made breakfast .. Finna head to school in a sec #GrownMan$hit
Not too terrible. I'm more of an Ego guy myself, though, I've been boycotting Smart Parts for years.
the wire from my braces is cutting my cheek 😖
Thanks for giving us a try! Enjoy it!
Daily News
Great weather today in #Pittsburgh! What projects are you working on today?
Thanks. The comments are a mess, though, all about whether Chinese has one 3rd-sing pronoun (speech) or 2 (writing)
That was measured at 425 feet yet his blast in Detroit was only 422. Cleveland is better at math than Detroit.
It's between Beilein and Izzo I'd say
What to make of Allen Craig's last 350 MLB ABs ('11 and '12)??
Answered my own question haha Good shit man.
Supposing I wanted to buy some passionfruit (Maracuja) to make caipiroskas, where might I find some in Baltimore?
you definitely aren't the only one
So I'm browsing a dating site while I eat a plate full of mini tacos.
- why special attention for this festival and not others? trains should run this late every weekend.
Ready 2 get weed drunk lmao
looking forward to your big news on tonight's
and LOVING it! Simply an amazing night of music! Color me IMPRESSED!!!!!!!!!
Hold the phone...Tim Tebow was allowed to choose the team he'd get traded to and he picked the JETS??
Good afternoon I was wondering if you and I could talk about one of my bball players?
K good. Play the 1500 re entry with me so we can swap ;)
Going to hit up NorthPoint to get some clothes for Florida!
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much it would mean if he followed me <3
Burger King CEO, Bernardo Hees speaking on leadership at FIU.
bitches never learn
au contraire, I loved Clyde, Akeem and PSJ, but I still think there were more combined dunks tonight
yeah the Ravens do it sometimes too. It's really annoying though as a fan
Glad you put us number 1! Thx for your support/
Hey RT : howdy
Come in to U-Swirl next time you are bored!
Let go of the notion that you must grasp for or struggle to attain happiness, and simply let it be. (So True)
Haha, if I was buying it I would have bought you one though. Since your birthday is the day before the concert!
Sure can! Let us know!
No memos and no phone calls. I promise!
it's all good! As long as you keep makin music and doing good I'm all for ya man! I'm doing great you?!
awwwe<3 more please i love personal imagines!:)
That is such great news. Congrats! Another one of my #fertility patients is #pregnant! Woo!
Thanks - I will check into that for my client too!
I'd like to say thanks to the survey respondent who pointed out all the ways my survey didn't ask the "right" question. You're awesome.
If I could identify one core problem about the world it's that we have been taught to distrust ourselves.
Is Perkins fully healthy?
I don't care what Apple does with iTunes in the cloud, or getting a music invite. 's Cloud Player does exactly what I wanted.
already on my way. for realz.
It is time to get out there and teach a few classes, swim and run, yeah Tuesday!
Why is it that when wrestlers are watching other matches backstage they sit so close to the television?
burritos again please!
Listening to Liz's Found Sound and thinking how cool it is that is a new sponsor!
call me
Well said. Hope it continues. I believe we're seeing the Kris Joseph who realizes he can get 20 points and Dion being Dion.
sorry nic I thought that was a twitter thang too... It's just a smiley face! :) Thanks for replying to my randomness!
exceptional Sunday!
Thanks for the new follows:
She said he said. "Shipping from China is getting more expensive for the hair, we have to raise prices, it not our fault"
ya meat told me im gone hit yall up n see wats up all of us pose to b chillin at my room bfor prom
How can people say "love is a lie" when my feelings for you are so true?
One day, if my voice magically changes, then I want to collab with And him ONLY. :)
Happy New Year! I have 26 attainable goals, long and short term, with specific action steps. I'm ready to conquer 2012. You?
First game tomorrow...I'M SO SCARED!!! :(
Fear less, hope more, eat less, chew more, whine less, breathe more, hate less, love more, and good things will be yours. Swedish Proverb
is it forr if you miss a lot of days or something ?
my brother got a dog from Leader Dogs, a black lab. Puppy Raisers are wonderful!
Whitney was too young to go. Stunningly sad. I can't believe I'll never hear her voice again.
Thanks for the follow and supporting #CashMob. Hope to see you at our next one, April 21st!
Training for Ent employees today for Quick Gym's Exercise at Work program. Just walk down and get-r-done www.quickgymcs.com
amazing!! It will be incredible.
Oh crap way to put me on the spot!
Let's pretend its 11:11 right now were I live, So all I wish is that you follow me ? P L E A S E
Fly like a bird sting like a scorpio
Off to Ferryville Wisconsin to help dedicate a memorial for former governor
Land shark= a shark...thats on land.
Willis: interesting typography in silent cinema: college chums (Porter, 07), Anemic Cinema (Duchamp, 24) and Blood of a Poet (Cocteau, 30)
#FF shot the sheriff but didn't shoot no deputy.
taking a time out in BARCELONA!!!
-- It's never a good idea to abandon pitchers with top-15 potential in May ...
yea you right..
Take a cold shower, brush your teeth and we'll see you tonight 7PM
stop by the Sephora Pantone pop-up in the Meatpacking District starting next Thursday and check out the product in person!
are you playing basketball dis year?
Grateful for another day to rise & grind. Let's write a dope story on page 117 of 366.
Hannah Montana Forever? How does Twitter know what goes on in Hell?
... that to which he is accustomed.
Exactly. I got way better information and insight from today's Twitter feeds, and from my own observations.
weeds fear
I'm pretty sure my morning #Starbucks had pixie dust in it already. That's some good stuff.
Be U Barbershop...a hidden Milwaukee gem!
I just sent you an email not clean no more :P
Hey! Doing great. Moved to Atlanta for a job at Emory and doing tons of improv. How are you?
The way to get to the top is to get off your bottom.
Shot out to the GREATEST producer breathing!!! My Squad is JTP!!! And we Win!!! Follow JoWayne219star
We support #letphilplay. Oh, and listen to our podcast Madison sports fans!
Lifes a bitch, but if you pimp her you might smile.
#sometimesigetsickof Nickelback and Creed. Oh wait. That's all the time.
Glad you loved the #LD page. Have a great weekend!
6 year old girl's soccer. Gotta love it!! Fridah is a beast!!!!
My sister bought some organic treats for her cat. Her cat snubbed them. My parents' cats snubbed them. My cat LOVES them! :)
Just in time for WNBA! : All I have to do is get there 1 class and I am a semi free woman for the next 3 months.
Apparently, someone in my apartment building has taken up the portable jackhammer as a musical instrument. So that's cool.
Yup! From home! Neat eh?!
just checking in... live feed not up yet...
Congrats!!! and i think some happiness is in order, happy early Birthday Be safe Enjoy your iPhone <3
You don't go out of bounds there? Really? What a bonehead move. Lynch goes out of bounds there.
I cannot wait to wake up and eat an entire pack of bacon.....and maybe an egg or two
“: Kate Winslet is one of the most beautiful human beings God has blessed the world with! <3 #RT”
My hips dont swivel & Im unnaturally awkward So I was amazed 2 find that Tribal Energy Cardio wrkout didnt make me feel like a bumbling fool
Yeah they do ticket on sundays.
nothing to complain about. just had dinner with family and now watching law and order. many blessing to u all. hugs!!!
You should propose one! I know I'd be up for a good kick-around. [Charlie]
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 12
He most certainly is
Tripping Dad Shatters Alabama’s Championship Trophy
Starting an official countdown until my 21st birthday: #9 long days.
We would love to be a professional source or provide demonstrations for your subscribers in the future.
ain't that the truth Bro
Let me know how #nardigras goes.. I can't make it to #NewOrleans this year
saw me a real live honest to goodness fox in the middle of Henry Bacon Dr., N.W. on the bike ride in today. He was less happy to see me.
looks like it's sold out :(
I've seen this. I get sticking up for teammate but factually wrong to say he doesn't watch the games and only cares about stats.
"Fear is the mind killer."
crazy no?!
It was great chatting w/you today at Think Big Baltimore #tbb -hope we can work together again soon, on your show or mine!
I wanna email him but idk how to contact him
I'll do it, I'll do it.
The only thing I miss when I'm away from school is all the girls other than that I am not looking forward to going back Monday...
Leap Day! It's 2/29 so we are having $2.29 Miller Light bottles and $2.29 Frog Leg Appetizers 2night only. Leap on down here.
Colors greatly affect
The beat you produced features two chicago heavy hitters...wait til you hear it
fyi it's not Nova
Glad to hear you enjoy our bars. :) RT: Sunbelt granola bars #FOODGASM hahaha
hope 2012 is better than 2011 because it really sucked
O MY GOD!! I just checked my bank accnt and a mystical $300 appeared in my Savings Acc. not to mention my $160 refund. Lets freakin go!
I just turned on tv and heard "astronomy lesson" what did I miss? Cmon the curiosity is torture
Got busted had to remove the pics!!
hey batch! Yes and no. Yes going out, no not to Lowell. I escaped Lowell #RememberThat? Lol
hope all is well! :)
We are honored to be nominated for Small Business of the Year!
"Man's witness of his own times dies with him." - Ken Light - Kids discussed how photography gives them a voice and a legacy.
Having one song a repeat
I don't know that "creepy" was what we were going for.... ;-)
you guys rocked! Killer sound and killer beards!
BlackBerry App World for PlayBook is built with the Air SDK
Misread "teens" as "trees." Thank goodness it's the weekend.
I don't like how skinny you are so I'm going to talk shit about your shoes and skirt
she dnt but tht dnt mean imma listen to her i love u n she ain't gonna stop me from loving u
Q3: There needs to be an environment of team, with a head as appropriate!
You really think the wife had the choice here?
talking to the tv thinking what you saying is gonna change whats going on lol
Meetings are indispensable when you do not wish to do anything.
ill be too drunk. just kidding...but not really.
Lol, someone found a condom in their Texas History book in Moreno today... Only at Tom Browne, you will find a condom in a history book. xD
of course. Idk if your phones off of what. I texted you. My windows open.
Rick Astley! He's as close as it gets.
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity ~ William Penn
Damn! That is when I'll be away.
none have a guarantied meet and greet.
how the heck does that happen?
You breathe life into me…
you're TRENDING! :D #votedforaustin! [= <3
Hope has as many lives as a cat or a king. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
you guys gonna have the CJ girlfriend interview posted at some point?
very interested in those mailers
The best revenge is massive success. ~ Frank Sinatra
The worst part about having a driver's license and a car is when your parents guilt you into running errands for them.
Just tapped Chuckanut's Pilsner.
Our dogs do that too. So either they're all brain damaged, or its normal in dog world!
in 720p. This is far less.
Ready for a late night tonight? Join us from 11pm-1am for half off appetizers!
Andrew Luck
#PlansForTheSummer Hitting the lake beach and BBQing!
We're feeling a little Canada for breakfast today - the Mont Tremblant: Char-griddled Canadian Bacon, Egg, Maple Fromage Blanc.
holy fuc#'$ in coach red voice
That felt like the longest period….my nerves are shot at this point.
Thank you for the follow! That's quite an inspired name for a publication. I love it.
At last night's Community Planners Committee mtg, Led Zeppelin played as I walked in the room. I could get used to that :-) cc:
i know and they make him out to be a god like nothing ever happen
you making ne sound like a stalker I just saw York tweets on my twitter app geeze calm down.
thankful for you and all the things you've done for me!
So true!! Family and the ones you love are the only things that really matter.
Did you handle your DCTAG App yet?
In 4 hours, Austin>Salt Lake City>Seattle>Vancouver. #mustgetsomesleep #planestrains&automobiles
we need to hang out this summer. Party like the old days! ;D
Makes me feel young, although I can't do anything nearly as impressive as goal tend. But I make a mean ribeye.
"Impressive. Most impressive. Indeed you are powerful as the Emperor has foreseen!" - James Earl Jones (he got one too) ;)
Happy Birthday to Aaron Connolly!
You guys hear about Neil Armstrong? He found steroids on the moon
Happy mother's day 2 all the women who take care of they kids especially without help
Show at Pearl was good, networked with the money men. Tomorrow I'm doing some radio.
It's National Siblings Day! Make sure to tell your brothers and sisters you love them :)
At the national mall, catching up with the latest shows at the Smithsonian. Tons of people!
Really amazing work. The API works beautifully. Thank you for putting it on github!
Thank you for that but it's not linking to me.
um our ep release show is next week in Cupertino! Is that close enough? B)
I got the room! Moving to NE PDX June 1st!
thanks! located in Seattle WA
pretty WIDE !
Thank you! :D
sez: "All the goons follow me on Twitter." And: "I FAR prefer the Internet world to the real world."
Thanks for the RT. Have a great night
oops, totally forgot.
as they see bills frequently as well as deliverables. Our rates are probably a fraction of a co like Thoughtworks tho...,
You are never a loser until you quit trying. Mike Ditka
Hate you? #Noway I was just drunk n let a girl answer my texts for me
I rely on Bamboo because I cannot kill it! Haha!
Hey, it's effective ;) Nice to have it on there though...
CFO: Couple yrs old, but Firefighters worst around 30%, Laborers' best around 70%. Biss: How did we arrive at these priciples? Assumptions?
And when I saw the reply you got from Jesus, it cracked me up. He is omniscient after all. :) What did you expect?
I want a new selena icon.. can you send me one through bbm please?♥
just got done playing black ops with Justin and Kyle
good times last night.always a nice surprise crossing paths wid yall.
Pygmy goats!!!
yeah thanks man.. producing is fun but i just need a break from music for a while i think.. need to focus on school.
the DOOSH is booking shows in So. Cal
o ok give both of them kisses for me
#teamfollowback HEY!!!! Lol. W.O.R.D.
Answers to questions that were never asked.
new avi! do you feel my influence??? lmao
relapse indicators RT : Q9 – reasons to miss or stop going to mtgs, annoyed by recovery/sober friends, isolate
Obama just said gas turbines
you heard it hear first: #steelers are negotiating contracts to bring back #jeromebettis, #kordellstewart, and
Lol, yeah. these days many little kids surprise me.
I don't vote for the guy I trust. I vote for the guy who trusts me the most. - Gary Burghoff
Two Michigals just passed me on route to Austin.
It's in our policy that they can but if it really happened, I probably would.
check out the facebook page. we're up on that. launch site still set for the dec. 1.
WHOO NEW TAG TEAM CHAMPIONS!
When u find the perfect thing-love it !!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 6
NP Crew Love -Drake . *Tunes World Out*
I think it's funny that so many people spend so much money on juice cleanses. It is so easy to juice yourself. Buy a juicer and start!
RT : Gas Price Forecast: Fill up now. Prices up 8 cents in 4 days and still climbing. Expect $4 plus for regular this weekend
Jim Boeheim is in Madison as the keynote speaker for Coaches v. Cancer Sat. night at Kohl Center.
can't wait! Will be glad to see you there
4S & using the normal twitter app. RT : are you using an iPhone 3GS, 4, or 4S? And are you running iOS 4 or 5?
RT : Newark-Essex Pride Coalition is preparing to vote on 2010's pride theme! Have ideas? DM me
How did Chris Davis get Adrian Gonzalez down 0-2 & then strikes him out. That game just sums up how improbable their season has bren
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
I will never settle I don't care who or wat it is. If it ain't up to my standards then it literally doesnt exist
Bob Errey, stalking players all the way to Sweden -_-
A monk seal just came out the ocean right in front of me to take a nap!
According to emails I have gotten, "swears are evidence of a poor command of language." Just saying, Mr. Sweary.
haha thanks I'm loving these stitches
random bitches in the library acting like they run shit
same... but it also gives me inspiration to keep moving forward no matter how hard something is or what gets in my way :)
That burrito was way too big. What am I doing to myself?
glad you like it. didn't have you craving that spam tho?
Rose: BACK!
I've been home Maybe 20 minutes.. He's trying to make me look bad hahaha
I tried the 'world famous' #Zingers at #AleHouse in Town Sq. They really are good, very much like chicken fingers! $9
I'm going to be jammin Van Halen alot throughout the day. I'm excited for the game tonight!!!
"Totally impressed. Some really slick stuff. The sophistication of their structure is blowing me away!" - M. Lazen of
Now you're jus somebody that i used to kno!! Sad thing is we used to be the best of friends.
46% Of U.S. Thinks Facebook Is A Fad [SURVEY] (Hypebot)
Lol .! Have you saw the my girl remixx .! # excited
Put fear in perspective. Realize that positive outcomes are possible.
Standing for what you believe in, regardless of the odds against you, and the pressure that tears at your resistance, ...means courage
lmao i was jokeing whit you i no you like me
Indeed. RT Twitter turns six today. Quite the impact in just six years.
im done, imma unfriend you. ♥
story of my fucking life.
Happy Mother's Day to all you beautiful women. Thank you for existing and giving us the beautiful gift of life. :-)
me too. after all yelling CAT PARTY down Washington Ave isn't very gentlemanly.
Suck My Disnik
I forgot to draw!!!
Liv was a great club, definitely lived up to its famous reputation!
Happy Mom's Day to my mother Kathy! Love ya mom! Thank you, just thank you!
Connecting with funders to help collaboration so our pilot program, CJSC Homeless Law ID Program can help homeless people in US. Best, All!
Network visualization powerful, but cold: arrests motion and drains away movement (reception, circulation, reprinting etc).
8000 Pi Jobs Guarantee Is 'Exceptional' - Bahamas Tribune
Thanks for the follow!
are there any gentleman left in LA?
Quick Fix: Succotash, Crusted Pork Make A Lively Dinner Duo
at fest live in the DOME #ULTRA # BOSTON # MIAMI
iknow we do , ihad fun last time :)
I agree & doesn't Christina look fab on the live shows?
I belive is organizing something. RT : so, is there a social get together scheduled yet?
Great read, Mark! (U poor thing!)
to you as well!
So much time has passed, so much time I have lost. Can't look back, have to work for a better tomorrow.
My fav thing about Phoenix are the cacti and joshua trees!
Sushi time
Its been too long!....whats up my tweeters!
#sdmayornp Bonnie dumanis giving props to 8000 nonprofits, make SD world class arts city
that shit annoys the hell out of me...especially when they call private... Grow the hell up....
Scientists scrutinize rise in baby dolphin deaths. www.tncnews.com
yes, the cat likes it too, but is a bit afraid of it
...AND she just caught me staring at her. Great.
Amazing spot!
Sometimes people just want someone to talk to, don't they?
National coffee day? Hm. Oh well how bout some fresh German Choc #cake or Birthday cake and coffee.
being at school from 8AM - 5PM <<<
Safe Zone for LGBT youth meets Fridays at Essex County College.
Fenway is way too quiet. #Orioles fans know how to make some noise. Dire need of some Camden Yards.
Cutest cat ever
#linsanity!!! Let it never end!!!
YAAAAAAAAYAYAYAYAY LOVE YOU
"I ate too many gummy bears, determining if flavour and color corresponded ..." ~ The tween-age Samuel Beckett
If someone pooped in my bag id be pissed!;o
Sometimes it all just gets too much and you just need a break from everyone and everything.
Slaymate back in, both teams at full strength Quite a penalty-free bout at this point, actually Score: Rotties - 28, Maulers - 4
33% -39%of loans questioned by the GSEs are leading to buybacks, which could result in $20 billion to $33 billion in losses
You flip flop on the #Broncos more than a
they say they gon rob me see me never do shit
Cris Carter not voted in to the hall...again? C'mon man!!!
“: I have one question. Where are their sleeves?”the players need to air out their sweaty active bodies.
Very nice, I personally sold them that bottle
Working on understanding and how we assess what each of us as individuals is good at so we can cross-train. Any ideas to share?
I'm thinking Pig and Bird might have the reverse effect.... but that's Nun of my business.
Watching Pinapple Express in econ class... Thank you kid in front of me with the iPad2...
My date >>> your date haah
she knows i'm scared of cats lol
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus." - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
First coworking event of 2012 for happening now!
I would love to try your Coquito!!!!! :-)
u got mad swag. love u forever. <3
drag! Go shoot something!
A guy from a my everyday class is at the place i am at ... It feels really Awkward O_o
thanks dude :')
I'm on a distended vacation.
Coloring daina's hair with sharpies when she isn't paying attention >>>>>
Just took my first Bikram yoga class. I liked it much more than I thought I would.
interesting point Newt just made about not allowing Romney to focus attacks on one candidate
Getting ready for Marrakesh !!
My staff is talking about finding perfect royalty-free music for Italian cooking video made by a patron.
are you ok ?
Have a safe trip lady.
#notetoself take off the pink nail polish soon
Once they stop talking to you, That's when they talk ABOUT you.
HAHAHHAHAHAA. no :P
Well there were all those rumors..that they caused all kinds of infections..& were rumored to be toxic..also pantyhose!
ringing!! Ring! Hell? Oh hi TED!!! Thanks for following #mofones!!! Ttyl!!
and say i love you too
I love you so much :")
#iplspring this trend continued in Campbell Soup v. Armour & Co. (3d Cir. 1949), rejecting color trademarks of soup can red & white
Of Course! No Need To Give A Shout Out Unless You Want. Thats Very Nice. :) Just Tell Me When.
Ms. Levensons such a tweak though
Got a whole two hours in the studio today!!! Yay!
OKC won't shoot this well again.
what your nigg wont do anthor can do ' if you anti fuck your nigg ' good anthor bitch will .
Pretty sure it's a way of telling me I shouldn't ever have to clean again...right? :)
thanks so much!!
that's cool :) I'm watching tv with my sister!
And let's face it. If you rarely lose, then you're not lucky. Good game, sir.
Smoke a little smoke - Eric Church<3
I have to say: Madden '11 on the iPad-- kinda awesome.
The last and final day of 411
who are there players only attending school one semester? Only one in cal's tenure has been Daniel Orton.
apologies, meant to tag !
"Perspectives in Ambulatory Care: Models of Care in Outpatient Cancer Centers" in the March/April 2012
Of Mice And Men- My Understandings
best thing about time warner without msg network is nba tv show called NBA 80's, could be best show ever!
RT FYI - un/under-insured health screenings for blood pressure, glucose, cholesterol on 9/6 NE corner of Peoria/Colfax, 10-3pm
Wondering if anyone actually uses Google Adwords for development and designing websites.
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers
Woah my bed is comfortable
RT : Friday Night Lights >>
Loving classes at (Butt Lift, Tummy Tuck, Body Sculpt, Upper Cuts). Fun, dynamic and efficient as fuck!
Packers trade up to take Casey Hayward - CB out of Vanderbilt 62nd overall
Scotch. The only kind of pain medicine my lower back responds to. Bring it!
RT no, now I will never be able to eat pudding again "so long snack pack" sniffles" thanks.
Okay, I'm done working. Who wants to take care of me for the rest of my life?!
The cat in gloves catches no mice.
you're alive!
If your boyfriend/girlfriend tweets about you as #oomf then you aint shit
better than me swimming through bullshit
who drafts better - jets or knicks?
dm What do you believe is the best way to get new online customers?
What Is An &quot;Estate Tax&quot;? Consult Our Financial Advisors
[Psalm103:1-2]Bless the LORD, O my soul & all that is within me, bless his holy name.Bless the LORD, O my soul & forget not all his benefits
I'll hit you up later this week. Might need a weekend skype :)
can you believe this? The boys from school call Austin, Austin Mahomo yet they don't even know who he is!!!
welcome back!!!
22% of precincts reporting in Mississippi. 58% voting NO on personhood amendment.
got love for
Did you know that Krispy Kreme produces enough doughnuts in about a week to make a line of doughnuts from New York City to Los Angeles?
that makes me feel kinda better
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Thu, May 10 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
Thanks! The ales at City Tavern are great, thanks to and
Q2 (3 of 3) Reactions were all over the map. What is your reaction? Does Mushnick have any ground to stand on here?
His brain vs. your rolodex. Welcome! RT Among other things, today I'm comparing my Rolodex to that of Pete Webb at
": Still can't believe that Brad Wing isn't there. That's freaking nuts." He's a freshman. Probably had a lot to do with it.
Thanks for touching base! Have a great Friday!
absolutely love those lyrics... #yoursingingaboutmylife :)
that makes me so upset. i liked it but it kind of pisses me off too that we won't qet to see them in London. not very happy..
perhaps I should be sick andlay poker more often. got a top five spot locked up. first final of the season for me too!
Books are an exceptional hangover cure. We're offering prescriptions from noon to 6pm today.
I cant sleep tonight, I'm way too anxious for the upcoming weekend!! 😁
Family time :)
Intstng GM was bailed out by "we the people" & they pull $10M of advtsng in dramatic fashion days before FB IPO?
I might just catch my self singing your song again, :-P
ah!! Now you know the real reason why I moved here ;)
Today @ McDonalds they asked if I wanted a boy toy or a girl toy in my happy meal... I chose boy toy because it was way cooler!
Want a reason to get over those Monday blues? Our Happy Hour with 2-For-1 Margaritas & Piña Coladas starts at 2pm-7pm!
looking for someone here close by to play with and serve fully...
Ok Haley we believe you :) RT hahaha, I just taught him a little something.
Yes, I didn't realize Sarkozy was so unpopular! RT : Anyone following the French election Round one?
My day just got worse my sunglasses are no where to be found.
True American , now a brown. USA USA USA!!
looks like you and I need to start out own museum of free knowledge and culture :)
You must know for which harbor you are headed if you are to catch the right wind to take you there. - Seneca
U-Verse Internet down all the time now. I unplug the modem each morning, make oatmeal, and when the microwave beeps, the Internet is ready.
damn i was tired af but now i cant go to sleep
okay, you took it too far .
is Jesus Christ :)
Now im tired....
The martyred Bishop Valentine was chosen as the patron saint of the new festival
Xtina's boobs are as big as footballs.
And a Presbyterian! ;o)
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.-- James Matthew Barrie
lampard to United? It's OK.....keep him Chelsea thanks. ;)
Cooking channel has wonderful events for fun and easy dishes. CHECK OUT Rachel Ray
yo got some mail for you.
Somebody thinks Im playing! This is not a drill, I will come thro and
Tonight my cousins and my grandfathers will come to my house. I'm excited, because friday nights always is really cool.
I think there's a typo in the second paragraph, first sentence.
I bet !! shit is the only natural high i get , fosho i'm getting a list together so i can make this studio at home too
I really hate Pirates broadcasters when they start going of topic. "West Liberty Hall of Fame"? Fuck that noise.
I've been there. I had one guy make a complete website with just my images. no excuses. Take action
This New Year don't make a resolution. Make a plan.
You think your so perfect and pretty and kind and that everyone loves you .. Yeah , think again .
would you follow me?
I miss your kids and community meetings. Both awesome.
It's always fun singing with my sis love you guys
no clue but hear it too
This waiting is torture. Pure torture.
Listening to Sirius XM celebrating Whitney Houston :)
yep, and I could be your tour guide!
": I don't even like arguing no mo; me response be "yeah" "ight" or "I'ma hit u later" same here dat shit weak to me
S/O to for not givin that dUKie #Chump any props.
10 Things I Hate About You: I can never stay mad at you.
Are u kidding me... This the shit I hate about the Yotes. Out played all game, but game is tied... Terrible
Take care
#mythoughtsatschool are you serious its only 3rd period
I refuse to let this beat me...
Going to sleep, goodnight!
Thank you!
Excision is sick!
is in the A! Everybody come see him tomorrow at the Basement!
Chicago Bears | Wallpaper
Actually next week... lol
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have a great day!
that's because you'll always be his baby girl. :)
Going to have to were the goggles when I Hoop since I split my eyebrow open...
Caffeine and lack of sleep maybe? RT My eye is twitching and it looks like I'm winking at everyone.
...thanks for agreeing..i know it will work..it does already. you just keep tweeting on the American factories you find. thanks
Bongwater smells like pennies
Asked middle school kids what's the name of the 1st spanish lady on supreme court. One boy yells out, "Jennifer Lopez!!" Ah, our youth!
thanks for being new followers, we appreciate it! Check out our facebook page too
TEACHING LOVE: a man can not teach hate, for hate is self motivated....
Happy MLK day, everyone! Thank you to all those that fight for justice on a daily basis.
Okay, I'll beta for you.
Got the shakes, so food break at Lemongrass. Some overdubs to do and then done for the day. Thank god!
RT : New episode of tonight! Cant wait!
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!♡6
Now following the lovely
Everyone has to find that one thing which helps to motivate and encourage full engagement with life.
Smart, you want to make sure that stuff is well cooked.
thank you ma'am!
Senior K teacher looking 4 software similar 2 #StudyDog 4 literacy. Her kids luv the goal oriented, individualized aspect. Any suggestions?
Wow. #BinLaden Confirmed Dead. #Obama addressing the nation.
