(James Russell Lowell) Greatly begin! Though thou has time but for a line, be that sublime, not failure, but low aim is crime.
Joke's on : I don't drink coffee. :p
I wanna win a #sonytablet because I wanna take over Tha WORLD!!
Thanks, Nancy!
COOL CARGO SHORTS
you're lucky today too... Starbucks Coffee?
that's just cruel. Have they no compassion?
4. My favorite disney show is Jessie ;)
so sweet!
lost in the shadow of LA and New York on ESPN like it always is.
OMG...you are so wrong flunking that man! Maybe he can come to NIH and help this sista out!
ABC game 4 in Indy at 3:30pm on Bump day at IMS for Indy 500 which is also an ABC broadcast.
#AndTheFortuneCookieSays... All things come to him who goes after them.
i love you.
": The best portion of a good man's life is in his little nameless, unremembered acts of kindness & of love. -W.Wordsworth"
TIME TO GO TO WORK
Tom Brady's new brother in-law is probably a stalker for Tom's wife. He is now closer to her by marrying into the family. jk congrats YuuuK!
Strict top of the crop shit, Crushin' muthafuckas like moths in a mosh pit
where's my hello...
oh jake. Next time don't go by yourself, we'll stop dancing & join!
go pierce!
I'm pretty sure Obama really does feel this way about same sex marriage but the timing of him announcing it now is just politics.
Really excited to have join us next week Lots more awesome news coming -- stay tuned.
thank you :)
you got that look in your eyes.
. users can build tools better and faster than govt can. Govt should provide the necessary data/api
Council Bluffs IA, Omaha, NE and Memphis, TN... where you at?! I have openings in your area!!!!
yea i just been crazy busy bro and havent had a chance to check it out
John Cena just traded to Smackdown, My world now makes no sense.
OutKast rapper Big Boi was arrested on Sunday in Miami on charges of illegally possessing drugs including ecstasy and Viagra.
DEAL. Peanut butter and jelly with some honey. And not those little pussy sandwiches, layered: bread, jelly, bread, pb, etc.
aw they are mean! You go get them girl! <3
Beth Barakat..[I hope I got that one right, because we also have common friends *S*]
I just need the lakers to win these next two games. Fuck everything else
You're dead to me.
That's so true. I RT it haha <3
I hope they fly the Marilyn Monroe statue out of #Chicago on the back of a 747 like they did with the space shuttle.
it's amazing! I haven't gone on the weekend bc I hear the wait is brutal. I've gone before work twice and didnt have 2 wait
Doing the right thing may not always be popular or easy but it's always right
#420 count down it 4oz of the best ready for my
I feel ya.
Begorrah! “: On our way to the warmest St. Patrick's day in 142 yrs if Sat's 80-deg verifies. 20-30% PM t-storms in coming days.”
I have several delivery service iPhone apps, a new battery in the smoke alarm, a fire extinguisher, and backup tater tots.
Chilling wit the lil bruh ugh to boring!!!
Boss RT " to "What are some problems with visiting Mercury? Is it the temperature?" No. You need a space program.
already ordered it! can't wait!
Thank You for making me your *Lil Angel* See you in
Everyone's calling for the #ElClassico matchup in the #UCL final, but I'd much rather see Robben against his old club as the title match.
Instead of giving my cloths to purple heart ima give it to this bitch !
thanks for the support
U giving away a last minute trip to the ProBowl? Flights from ATL only $1900 RT Have some exciting stuff to announce today.
Agreed..very well said RT : The sky is the old limit...reach for the things that you can not see.
: Glad to be part of #GreatBikeGiveaway. Can't wait to see pics of winners receiving their bikes!
perhaps we will swing by to review the spot. Muah
Blah Blah I Hate Females Who Talk Like They Got Them Hands.When They Really Dont STFU.
Good to see #PowerOfPull 's here at attensa HQ. Lot's of #Serendipity on Tech's role in reducing #InfoOverload -ME <#KM #e20>
Gluten free products have found their way to the Alhambra. Had a smorgasbord to choose from at the Parador.
Ugh he always takes 5 millon years to get dressed, he's worse than me !
You're welcome! Fascinating creature. Glad you shared
Maybe I'll actually manage the whole house clean this time.
Hunger games was.... incredible!
#smartgrid and IPv6 technologies: how to link in real-time Web 2.0 AMRs, live processes and big Utility Data analytics based on P2P approach
what up
imma look that up on YouTube!
you weren't sick freakin lair
Goin to eat, then goin to with
now make that muthafucker hammer time
To all the NYC AREA singles, I'm doing a special dating game at my Valentine's day comedy event, interested in being a contestant, MSG me.
Test of getting nudged via phone update.
ugh why is the paparazzi outside already i dont have time for this
I don't cheat, Betsy!
In Iowa... Nothing but corn and cold weather!
I am more proud of that prediction than anything ever in my life.
forgot that new girl thatz in ur bed im just sayin u could do better-jojo nd drake marvins room
Next week? Let us know...we are south (suburban) siders!
"Uh, let the record reflect that the deponent is a fat, arrogant, overweight, bald pig."
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Dirty South & Those Usual Suspects feat. Erik Hecht - Walking Alone
Thanks so much for the #ff It's very much appreciated and reciprocated! Have a great weekend.
- Thanks Vince. Great suggestion. I will pass it to the Chef.
My Quote of the Day - "Why live an ordinary life, when you can live an extraordinary one.", Tony Robbins
RT RT : RT : Speaking your mind ain't always the best option...
Watching your highness in bed w the droid.. First meeting with the big boss in my new position. I'm unnecessarily nervous!
I have the promise of the big hotels that they will all specialize in tasty egg dishes during the coming week. [1944]
Makes total sense. Are there OSHA guidelines regarding acceptable levels of exposure to Sammy Hagar in the workplace?
Next time for pleasure? I mean the sake experiment...
LOLZ niggaz callin my phone NOW huh lol #DOEBOI has left da building! All i gotta say is cara! YA DAUGHTER AH FREAK
Crossing my fingers and hoping for the best. Excited for the many opportunities the South Florida community offers!
And if they create another related business maybe they'll be Serial Cereal Entrepreneurs :-)
Loving the Weiner presser, I hope he cries one more time. Doing a nice job sticking to the script.
Some very good news!! RT Ann Cashion's Taqueria Nacional relocating to old T St. Post Office space /T, per Johnny Fulchino.
I love monster drinks
Nuclear Plants spent fuel pools can be washed away. The Sun will be there tomorrow.
Right on #wvu mountaineers
haha somewhere u dont need 2 kno! haha i went to pick up something from r next door:)Ray had a shirt 4 me
it pisses me off cause rose is da mosy humble player in the league n I see pics like that
PCD so much.
VOP Month-"My children & I were homeless b/c I left a physically abusive relationship. We now have a place 2 live but no furniture or food.”
RT : Always listen to your heart. Even though it's on the left, it's always right.
Can't wait to see this summer! Win 3-Day passes this hr with
For the record......I'm not fat, I'm just easier to see! So don't get it twisted.
#RAINSummit Internet audio great for corn mazes
Today's just one of those days I let my music play straight through on shuffle!
You gotta dog em for them to love you smh
Its crazy how much some people have changed since the beginning of this year.
I know this is REALLY LATE - but thanks!!! :) Hope you are having a great weekend!
THIS THURSDAY @ TWITTER THURSDAYS NO WORK THE NEXT DAY! 50CENT CORONAS & WELLS TILL 12 LADIES FREE B4 10:30 & JAY Z AFTER PARTY! B THERE!
good work, keep it up
We get busy. If you saw the agenda items we have to deal w/ on a daily basis you'd understand - even on crummy weather Sundays.
Where's David Guetta?
thanks—anytime man!
Awesome day at the #plazalife hanging with !
No social ride tonight because of my mysterious child illness. Bo
daim so long without being in twitter and july26 was my bday twitted telling me happy bday thks
RT : #Cubs fans, RT this if you’re excited for #OpeningDay and Cubs baseball to start in an hour!
RT - Miami dolphins will dominate the overrated new england patriots Monday nite. Heard it here first
Loving the salsa touch-down dance! Great job Cruz!
Yup. Agree
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do all the rest have to drown too?" Steven Wright
have so much to do and so lil time !!!!
Really happy to see all the MJP scholars and alums working on network and database analysis.
Hello friend :)
haha I just started tweeting too, this blackberry makes it so easy!
what I got to so to use one of your songs in a short film bro?
Fixed Me is definitely one of the best songs on the album. Can't wait for yall to hear it.
I'll be there in spirit. ;)
Cleveland is bearly holding on, but theres no doubt they will pull it out.
so my kitchen guy is here finishing up and cracks open a bottle of wine he made! It's delicious! Happy Friday to me!!
Aaron Rodgers is extremely smart to join NBC Sports pregame show for #sb46. Great job by his reps setting up his future.
We are still in new orleans and we are in cafe du monde. I just ordered a hot chocolate. Coffe's disgusting
RT : Albuquerque The Magazine has a nice little portfolio of my B&W landscape photography this month. Check it out.
Yes, did you? RT : Did you sell it for the music?! cc:
news said they were at the Fed reserve bldg. Footage showed about 15 people gathered on the corner.
Musical word of the day: Nebenstimme - 2ndary part (a 2ndary contrapuntal part, subsidiary to the Hauptstimme)
it will be!
Dex: I'd like to give a big shout out to all the spiders not building their webs at face level. Me: I second that shout out!
Hello to all, busy busy morning.
*Sliding out of the car, holding my hand out to * Come.
Yessir, the check is in the mail.
bleh blah bloop. i want to go home...
I'm not in NY! But a Skype convo would be great - let me do some research so I have a good set of questions? Thanks so much!!
This pain in my chest might be a sign that I don't need another cup of coffee
I suppose the big rigs have the NASCAR racing cars on the inside. The logos are painted all over the outside.
Life has to many ups and downs, I fucking hate merry-go-rounds. Overworked, Overwhelmed,like 2 disappear.
Such a nice day outside!!
dam i just got on this mf and i se 15 tewwts from the same two ppl
I'm playing my player on NBA 2k11
who knows everything i say is flirting
#ff you should follow me because I'm a great listener and I love your music and i love your style
The weather sucks-____-
Lol this nigga adding water to everything
HATE FUCKIN LIARS. -POINT BLANK
next time we hang out ill make u watch it:). Problem solved:)
Oh how I would love to intern under and *hint* :)
haha. I probably wouldn't have noticed the 5 yr old terminology if you'd have talked about lacrosse
Thanks, Sweetie! Happy New Year too!
Welcome, Miss Lily! Thanks. X
The Niners winning the Super Bowl could be an early harbinger that the Mayans were right about 2012.
I pray Thee, O God, that I may be beautiful within.
ight save me a pen and a ballon
circuit training and #bornthisway a great combination
": It's funny how the people who know the least about you always have the most to say."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Pretty good, still have a lot to do.
What would you reccommend to pack in a hospital suitcase?
Listening to 's older stuff and just has that healing effect on people, ya know? It always lightens up my day.
Coming soon theheat365.com the Worlds Hottest Internet Radio Station!!!
Oh, good, you sing, too?
nah I never left. haha
Fish Market has no TV's? place must suck then...
I'm down. What time you talking?
Lmao , hell nah ima athlete not a rapper
ready for a big game and win tonight! Go Falcons!
Play in our room all week to earn extra chances at some cash on Super Bowl Sunday! Details to follow, stay tuned ;o)
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer23
The fact that that my Corporate Ethics teacher has a British accent makes 3 hrs of night class more interesting haha
you should have seen some of the places we were in. You wouldn't be saying that. Parents have a hosta
No shows this weekend! :(
girl I'm expecting big things outta you...
IM ON THE PHONE READING MY SCRIPTS. THANKS BITCHES!!
Hello gorgeous.
I am sorry that Randy Couture had to go out on a loss but he needed to Retire he is 48
I'm eating at zios !! Are you gonna let that slide Rene
Amazing job Region 2!
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom, Country Vegetable, & Chili
A walkoff walk would've been a more fitting end to this road trip. The single was bad too, though.
Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. ~ Les Brown
Winning in class. We've already created and played 4 games!
Y do i care i dnt
please follow me? Thanks! :)
Added hospital delirium to personal "most wanted" list. Devastating when my mother died. I'm going after it someday - bit.ly/p8XnAu
Men arent attracted to insecurity..a woman wont have to "steal him" ...your insecurity will "give him to her" ...
kids to bed. packed for SF. time for mom & dad, now." is that code for licking taint?
You sound more like Dean Martin than Frank Sinatra.
You'll never outperform your own self-image.
ur such a beautiful creature
When Adam Dunn homers again, what will all the people that pointed out the dates from last year do?
JFK-Bound Flight Diverted Over Cell Phone A Delta flight from Istanbul to JFK made an emergency landing in Dublin Monday morning because
And Sweet Caroline “: Got the whole bus to sing Call Me Maybe last night. Not ashamed one bit.”
Pretty sure it's unsafe for me to be driving behind a MAN with a Pro-Life sticker on his car.
That's the beauty of Twitter... RT thought we were the only ones who did match madness fantasy
We just acquired a heavy-duty, cross-cut shredder for all your paranoia-driven destruction needs...and of course it's free to use.
congrats! What an accomplishment...especially in this economy!
anytime:) citizen
DEEP BREETES. OKAY DOKAY ONE TWO AND THREE, OKAY DOKAY
mind your business.
RT : "70% of the battle is who you know, and who knows you" -
I swear I wore that stuff all the time through out elementary school lol.
joe wants to know what movie you saw?
T'was the only sensible choice!
Sure, absolutely! Chris or his publicist should get in contact with us at :)
Allergy season just hit my sinuses like a low yield nuclear device.
HERE WE GO
Stuck at apple genius bar again I've been here two hours. I just want my baby to work.
Back in Seattle. I heard it's hot.
Beware the Ides of March.
remember to leave by one of the open gates RT Having a flashback. It's almost 8 pm and I'm just leaving
Till the end.
Complete disaster! : Final NYC snow total for winter 2011/2012: 4.5 inches. We got 61 inches last year.
you do you. but i won't be a part of it.
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments"
We'll miss you #Lamar. Check out #bluemesagrill when you get to Dallas
I've never seen that show. What channel is it on.
Thank God Brian Kendrick won.
don't forget their most important win, over HBU, will be important come March with their seeding....
Yes. I am.
Sex...sexy Sunday
No, we pay all credit card fees associated with depositing and withdrawing.
Testing from Reno.
Be sure to tune into Travel Channel this Sunday Feb 19th at 8PM EST, 7PM CST for Mud People. Timetogetyourredneckon
RT : maybee someday i will be lucky enough to meet
Attending the wedding of and today!! Can't wait :) Congratulations!!
love u to
You know... my iMac has been having trouble running more than a few programs simultaneously. I wonder if the RAM finally gave out? Possible?
YouTube! And then maybe tattoo'd somewhere visible? THANKS TERI, I LOVE YOU.
Sending kids to college is like playing $150K on black 13 in Roulette, there's 2.63% chance you win, but 35 to 1 your an idiot out of cash
If you can’t answer the question, why am I doing this? then perhaps you shouldn’t be investing time, talent and energy doing it.
Thank you for following MVP we will keep you posted on future events in las vegas Lake Tahoe and the UK
1 MORE MINUTE!!! #BOYFRIEND PREMIERE!!!!
hey you
It's a rather blustery day today.
if only everyone was having the same night as me right now
It's a rainy day in LA, but The SCoop is getting ready for a weekend full of events!
What do you mean by filtered? Search API's only option is to include that fuzzy location field matching. There's no exclusion.
The Black Keys getting me through the morning - can't wait for the concert in less than 2 weeks!
Waiting on people <<<
Today was not quite a triumph, but a success nonetheless. Can't wait to veg out on the couch tonight.
Sad to hear about Ted Kennedy. Hope someone picks up his torch to help everyone get the care, services and help they need.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 35
Frameworks are for building applications, not sites. I find them quite different, actually.
: Laurel Brake & Marysa Demoor eds Dictionary of Nineteenth-Century Journalism. M, I think it's in C19.. it's ProQuest!
Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not.-- George Bernard Shaw
Next year for sure!
so you work for what team?
D-Squad Throwin A End Of The Year Party! Details Coming Soon .
killed the white rabbit 2nite! Hunting wabbits. Seattle stand up!
Well, you earned it! Rock on!
I love to watch her leave...
Exactly (says the Droid Incredible owner).
RT : There is light! The Denver Post just recorded 4 straight quarterly profits.
Or circular thinking: as in, cleaning for the cleaner!
And while on the topic, sending a QR code in an email is about as silly as putting a QR code on a subway ad.
aww, hang in there
Happy Friday! New episode of The Virtual Zone coming soon.
thanks so much for the mention;)
Listening to country music while getting ready always makes for a good day.
I think the xbox EA account issue has finally been resolved. Moved tag to my gmail account. Said it'd wipe any progress though
youse a fool
And niggas fakin like we cool
Like the Terminator! 8o
Do u got practice on thurs ?
I am sadly watching new simpsons. Man its just as bad as I thought. Regretting this.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you talk to me in the morning
Rainy Monday writing cookie recipes.
Tom Oatley has left the field and is being attended to by trainers.
Thank you for following, welcome!
that's cool have fun : -/
Also, it's kind of cute that you can't spell Ecstasy
Women 35-54 are the most active group in mobile socialization.
Be having my head as big as a birthday, because I left all my doubts on the airplane.
Please Follow Me(:
Ok this is going to sound diffrent but less than 2 hrs. Till army wives can't wait
Pretty sure I have the spine of a 75 year old man
What purrs along the road and leaves holes in the lawn? A Moles Royce.
Can I help?
haha it's okay. :)
Hiding from my mom lol
fam friend died when I was little. he was in love with bald eagles and shortly after he died one built a nest ON his house.
Normally don't think much about my age, but damn, seeing the 20th(!!) Simpson's Halloween episode last night was just too much.
Work #blah on the plus side i woke up to,a giant bunny pillowpet
Former Mpls Park Police chief pleads guilty to 2nd degree criminal sexual conduct. Could get 18 years in prison.
Anybody think that their #Samsclub has a great kosher selection? If so, do share the highlights.
Guys who are artistic or can sing or play an instrument.
It's been forever but that hasn't changed what you mean to me."
What do you call a small parent?A minimum !
Heading to Dell Children's to volunteer! Can't wait!
Attig family connection confired, another brick wall has fallen.
lady cab driver
I'm too hype about this project, though. I'll have to listen to it again but it was straight. Definitely insightful.
Why not make up fake quotes like 99% of your articles? "Anonymous" is not reporting. Someday, you'll grow up.
Thanks Lauri! Thanks for an amazing semester reading C19 literature.
Seidenberg has owned Ovechkin this entire series.
Only if her name is Hannah.
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail. It has nothing new to say............~ranie~ (via Love Quotes and Sayings)
Once again, another shameless plug! www.anticsfl.bandcamp.com
Thanks for retweeting us! If you have any feedback please let us know and we'll try to improve the app!
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. One earns reputation by trying to do hard things well. -- Jeff Bezos
Good morning. The Mets and Knicks won last night. The Rangers and Devils both play tonight in playoff games.
catching a 10am flight, do I go 19th or around to the Bay Bridge from San Rafael in the morning?
Single guy to girl using his bathroom: Remember to put the seat up when you're done.
Alright... Dreams dont mean anything..... Right?.....
"Oral health: a window to your overall health" - Mayo Clinic Take control of your oral health: www.closys.com
I'm always tired...
Simon Spero of , in his new partnership with PS307 is working to improve the technology capacity of the school. Great work!
Congrats on a great season #CUBuffs! CU is now a basketball school
Thanks for the shout out to helpful Health IT folks ! :)
hi there you!! How ya been?
thanks bro
Hey , Have you seen our new website?
Good grief you're not kidding. It's like someone turned on the sleepy/sneezy factory here and painted every car yellow!
Romney the Cayman man for the common man. Newt a staunch defender of science (fiction).
I spend so much money on food. Like a lot
Colleges at one time were meant for the well-heeled and elite. Today’s online college education program has takers from all strata’s...
LOS for a bit. Long couple of days with Kid doctor visit, travel plans & details in my head. Safe travels
Week 1 Analysis: Being your own boss is RAD AS HELL.
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa
Thanks to for featuring us on their directory! Check out the podcast. New episodes today and tomorrow!
can't go see Austin in New York anymore because my mom says im a selfish bitch.
I haven't been to a Saturday game in 5 years. I was reminded why before I even stepped foot in the park...
#Firstworldproblems RT : I can't stand it when there's more peanut butter than jelly on my sandwich
Its been too long!! Happy new year to you!!
#TeamMindless all the way! =)
I would like to say hello to every one reading this what's up
haha I wish you could. (:
What does Twitter mean for you? Share your thoughts #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com
Caught in the Web: Hick vs. Slick? Team vs. Dream?
u r followed- u need to give my team a chance :)
Need to do somethin over break
Don't forget that CURRY is basically SUNSHINE for your TASTE BUDS!!! Come Get Curried Away with some SUNSHINE!!!
Blake Shelton Nails Sixth Straight No. 1 on Country Songs
I love changing out my "currently-reading" shelf on It gives me an enormous sense of accomplishment.
National Library Week continues- today is National Library Workers Day! Do you remember the first time you went to a library?
I just. I can't. I CAN'T HOLD ALL OF THESE FEELS.
spring is here :)
must b feeling the way I am
hey whats going on bro? Thanks for the shout out!
When the pain wont go away, I just pray and just move forward!! =D
I know that already native don't even know what he does
And for the soldiers who fought back and lost their lives. Today, tomorrow, ten years from now, we will remember 9-11-2001!
#replacesongtitleswithboobs Super Boobs
While Piglet, who hates everyone, hid in the woods and pooped in people's yards. They both have wonderful personalities, so proud
need for a gift idea? how about a filling a backpack for a orphan in Ethiopia!For info on project gena contact
Join us at El Farol TONIGHT!
Drinking runs in my family "
who has their theory workbook done?
Life can be so much easier if you put more faith in your abilities.
we'll rock it!
Anyone who's been through a nightmare divorce, remember, "Living well is the BEST revenge."...www.preparefordivorce.com
Special acoustic set at Paducah's very own Does's Eat Place tonight! 8pm-11pm
: hey KR, you're the Cliff Lee of CBB..only question now is which smart company will pick you up!
5% off all electric strike sales today! Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 5831
Lady Gaga has reportedly split from Taylor Kinney | Lady Gaga
hawaii lol. Ill be there tomorrow
Next BOO FROG show is at Plan B Bar 9/16/10
Close your eyes, and look within...if your eye of intuition is open (single) you're fine, you're body will be full of light. Matthew 6:22
everyday im tumblrin
Is it just me, or does ex-Rep. Martin Frost look less like Martin Frost and more like Darryl Hammond doing Dick Cheney everyday?
what did you do lol?
Let' keep having fun!
I woke up this morning and ask, "What would Don Draper wear?" Then I wore it.
I'M BRAGGING SO HARD ABOUT NOT GOING TO SCHOOL TODAY LOOOL
And "Bacon" gets out. I refuse to like him after his first like 50 at bats without a hit.
you're the best thing that's ever been mine.
Upon arriving home after weekend of ministry, I look to see what junk food my hubby stocked in my absence. Not much - proud & disappointed.
Honestly I will if you are up for it now Paul is out of town getting married. Let me know for real!
Miami Beach barbershop The best barbershop in Miami # 1
1st time using Outlook's calendar. It always pings to say an event (which I attended) is overdue. I've developed a Pavlovian failure reflex.
Woo-hoo! Great to see you connected with your #kickanotchfamily! Let us
I wish you'd touch me less and less.
Am I missing it or are the Seahawks pretty much the only team who have anything different with their new Nike jerseys?
Obama has seen Key and Peele's Anger Translator sketch!
Thanks for the mention! Happy Friday!
yes, tomorrow!
don't be a soul sucker
i do!
#CLIPPERS "It's the best feeling when you have people screaming at you all game long and then see them walk out pouting." - Chris Paul
RT : The iPad will feature 4G LTE with potential 73Mbps connection. Verizon, AT&T, Rogers, Bell and Telus will be first carriers.
sorry to hear that - please email us at with details so we can help
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying. – Michael Jordan
Drunk people have the greatest knowledge....
yes potato
Nice photo and love the hashtag #knowledgelooksgood. Joanna, do you know Jason Steinhauer?
Nope. Easiest way to keep check >> Visit our website >> 'All University Jobs' >> Scroll Down.. >> Select 'Location' >> Search.
I like it. You're in Louisville?
"I Got You" blasting in the headphones this past week while animating check the album
love your new icon, did you get it off Tumblr? ;) xx
Most folks w/ Advantage/Core use the app 2 log food on the go -- much easier than having 2 get 2 the computer for that.
Girl u know I did!
What's up with the US soccer team?!?!?!?
Lol I be k.o'n mad early that I wake up early af for no reason. Smh.
The person who cares the least controls the relationship
que hay?
I WANNA RIDE A 4X4 TO SEE HOW IT IS...
Thanks for the note but we did not identify the suspect arrested for alleged ADW on #LAPD officer as part of OLA in any posts.
lol ya thats my twitter crush
yep for sure
"I had an epiphany that will blow white suburban women's minds..." - ... Yup, we're back to work.
your so pretty charles is lucky to have you <3 :)
Staying up late just so I can see 8 flavahz performance again
yes. Or reply that you thought it was them.
Great work. I wonder do you have link for her city?
In my world, the iPad 1 just came out, as its price went way down. How cheap technology can be if you're willing to be 1 year behind.
Hi Sean ....thanks for following me....following you too...
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The girl with the dragon Titties
We Look Forward To Seeing You During Restaurant Week Boston!
#yelp101 should I add a business yelp URL on my twitter page?
Could I please get a follow Zayn? ^-^ it'd make my day,month,year haha my entire year!
#notsleeping Structuring a business between finals and a certification is a handful!
Only have 2 weeks to get to June....
you need to support us .... true family, friends, and fans plus H8trs - need to mark Feb 29th on the calendar via
Julie Andrews is such a class act...she looks like she's tearing up while singing with Stephen Colbert?
You bet I'm coming prepared this time.
smells like chicken liver
Heading to Indy for a few!
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 46
Minnesota: The Helping Teams. Gosh, we are just so nice.
All of the quote accounts use the same quotes over and over again. It's annoying.
#IHateTheFact that to become a lawyer you need almost 8 years of law school
Big things on the horizon. Keep your eyes peeled and ears tuned.
Dat pussy was mad real
Really lost my cool tonight at work finally home and going to bed.
So hard to choose!
“: I hate acting like I don't care when it's tearing me up inside.”
Thanks for the follow! Welcome :)
Lol RT : 47 days until Christmas? But I'm already 318 days into debt.
you are inspiring to me. Your positive outlook on life and can do attitude has influenced me so much. Thank you
Nice catching up with Lauren and !
In Concord, NH awaiting a press conference from NH Atty Gen Delaney on review of Greenland drug raid that left Chief Maloney dead.
Voting for you both now!
loved the show it was amazing! Come back to #Denver soon we heart you!
Autism kills from the outside in.....
On the bus again. this time to Boston!heading to Harvard later tonight for
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'm not telling nobody!!!
Missing and the boys so muchh 💔😞
If you are in NYC, be careful... The NYPD is literally breaking down doors left and right.
15 min Mobile Locksmith Fast Lock Out Service, Cutting Keys Locks Installation, Repair, Re-key
Any Barboza news?
Best of luck to you in your Event!! Take it down...
Here's my NFL Draft Shocker: Jaguars will move up to #4 to take Michael Floyd rather than Justin Blackmon. Seriously.
Have a good summer see you next year!!!!!!!!!!
Grilling out at work- how awesome is that?!?
you sure do get around! :)
hey Dane!!! Loved u this past Sat at #thelaughfactory!!!! Eff the haters!!!!!! N get another therapist!! <3
More than 60% of the keg was gone. Correct?
I wasn't there, sadly, but my coworker Caroline was...she said the dinner was fantastic. Hope all is well with you!
#allensmith will be the hash tag for The Future of Reference in honor of Allen Smith...hooray!
just Breath
#nce11 Hess to supts: delivery and coordination of instruction should no longer present barriers
Just found out that #Awake has been cancelled. Crap!!
And your body is the harp of your soul, and it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it, or confused sounds. — Kahlil Gibran
March 16, 2012: having breakfast on a patio IN MINNESOTA. The world really is coming to an end.
It's amazing anything ever gets done in this here world. Or does it?
Ryan begins with cosmopolitanism of Mediterranean--proliferation of trade & cultures, & its fluidity & regional identities.
hi :p
Someone is at my door.... O_O
spelt my name wrong
It's all about the charm. I know you have it. : hahah dawg I'm trying so hard
Lol.... I never even got on twitter until #oomf followed me.
Today marks the beginning of NAFSA Advocacy Day 2012. Get ready to advocate!
welcome back!
When choosing a recipe for a cooking demo make sure it has sizzle, yum, appetite appeal! Per
Thanks for the S/O
Two years ago mobile opens of email were (4%?). Now it's 27-33%. Whoa.
Key challenges to implementing mobile learning: budget, security, meshing w/legacy systems
Hello, how y'all all doing ? Getting ready to sip a cup of Tea? I am. Fixing a Raspberry herbal TEA now.. love it..
“ Still got some unanswered questions.”
I like early morning or late afternoon ones, usually Wed/Fri or Thurs/Sat. It's so addicting!
You mean from the media? Because I believe her fans have always hoped that she bounced back and were supporting her recovery.
#kids Neighborhood Art: Neighborhood Art from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 9:00 AM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 2:00 PM Boyd Community...
Twitter Dee Twitter dum, hm
i'm jammin that ''after the fight" homie.
Hell yes!!! It's Bikram time!!!
Thanks, Heath. When are the Hi-Dollars playing again?
Make another joke while they're hanging by a rope, so lonely.
Don't want to talk to him today. Just feeling that way today...
mustard in her popcorn??? That breath be beaten 24/7 HBO!
so funny
Let the good times roll
I don't think it would improve the image of 'legalese' if laws were written in lojban.
Happy Valentine's Day Twitter! Appreciate the ones you love.
just finished voting for teen choice awards 2012 I voted for Justin
December 1st is a big big day...any idea why?
I finally figured out the name of my favorite Metallica song! :o Took me FOREVER! >.<
Get you some! RT Shhh...be the first to find Jessica in her EABF shirt at Holy Taco. Hint: there's a FREE TICKET in it for you!
Labenski aggravates me
Bureacracy defeats all common sense. Our IT has 1 person who does all web content change for entire med school (!).
Thanks for following PFAW Wisconsin!
what can you do when it's so cold/snowy outside? Boot Camp nice n warm inside on sat?!! would love to have you!!
RT : If the Virginia legislature attempts to OccupyVagina, I'm deploying the pepper spray.
life is fucking short so do what makes you happy
Get a jump start on my free shipping sale! Just for followers, enter "TwitterFebSale" during checkout & wait for a revised invoice! Exp 2/15
i haven't heard that song in forever ! lol
let's makeout! ;)
sorry bout ur Dad, he missed a great man but u will b an even better father one day
Heading to #AdTechSF next week: would love to catch up with some old & new friends! Who's in? My inbox is flooded with Tuesday party invites
Amar'e is back today. Maybe he can...extinguish the Heat.
Ugh my stomach hurts :(
would be great to be able to search/sort by genre tags. I see them describing playlist and want to find more. Make sense?
hey:) what's up?
Tweet me 'hey' if ya see this?
Anyone watched new cartoon? IT IS HORRIBLE!! It's a broke man's The Boondocks mixed w/ a crappy "The More You Know" commercial.
im always positive, my nicknames positive patty c:
only if by "talented" you mean stoned, wrapped in blanket, eating cheetos and googling one's self.
Tweeting from my new MacBook. This is fun.
Literal translation of "I lost my pencil" in Amharic: "The pencil disappeared to my disadvantage."
I cried when Taylor swift won entertainer of the year for fearless <33
Harmonize, don't antagonize.
Thanks to all those who attended More Than the Score lectures this season! Check out the podcasts on iTunesU! www.virginia.edu/itunesU
Glad I was finally able to properly mourn #whitneyhouston last night by having a spontaneous dance party with and
Volunteers have arrived! They make the Latina Leadership conference possible! ¡Graicas hermanas/os!
That moment you realize Facebook changed your profile to timeline <
-'/I don't need a boyfriend too tell me im beautiful everyday because I know I am :)
#ratchetvoicemails ::love in this club plays in it's entirety:: "leave a "massege"
glad i didn't put all of them in there!
Are ya'll believin' that Target doesn't sell mason jars?!!
Im bored af i wanna call a certain sumone but after houndin him for the numba im now scared ...:-)
Feels like i'm dreaming. Somebody come pinch me!
Follow my sister !
#27 Bro, no matter how you see it, women w/women, just like men w/men, is an abomination! Romans 1:26 / Lev 20:13
If you're picking up tickets from the will call window plan to arrive early so you don't get stuck in line & miss the beginning of the show!
Deuce has had a better club career abroad for sure, but Landon will be a US Soccer legend and Clint will be "really good."
Olivia Binfield is my new hero
they were too gory I thought and not terrifying like the original which still scares the shit out of me
RT : Meet someone → Get attached → Get hurt → Move on → Repeat.
hey I have an Erik Gudbranson stick!
.Aw that's so special...miss u and love u
lame ass
Lick His Balls ;D
depends on the museum.... marketing/PR folks/antzy curators will sometimes want to assert more power than they maybe ought
I lost the web stream #fail during that, who's on the list?
Need a logo or event flier? Hit up if you do!
RIP Donna Summer. Sad... ;(
The BADDEST bitch eva!!!
that shows been horrible since season 3.
Good Look My Dude
Florida MWM client Michelle LaBret books the feature film "Renee" as she prepares to return to L.A.!
I think the diff. is that aura is not in things 'out there' (like sunniness), but rather in our orientations to them
Have fun manny at the partido
21 days until pitchers and catchers report to Goodyear, Arizona!
BASF to Build New Formic Acid Plant in Geismar, Louisiana
come over here and we will drink and watch the game together!!!!!!! #Sixers + drinking = life
MT Tx for the clarification: "universal commerce" catch-all for e-, mobile , tablet commerce
Going to Mobile tomorrow to Wish Lu Valentino the best at her new job!! She is one of the best!!
My homie is at least 650 times better than you. So yeah.
lmao. My big problem is diet coke.
There's an extra "M" because they MEAN IT!
My two fave teams playing against each other! I'm not enjoying this! #Blackhawks v
Gah, my extra time to run to Starbucks turned into a fiasco
Thanks for the follow! Plenty of medieval stuff on Squinchpix. Search for 10C
What up
Has anyone bought a mattress recently? What's good?
I still need me those FF plugins, but def gettin clunky RT : Chrome Surpasses Firefox To Become Second Most Popular Web Browser
The Housing Market report shows the rate of home sales increased AGAIN in Jan. extending the streak to 6 months of increase in unit sales!
Loving North Carolina!
hell yeah
unfortunately we don't have anymore - the early season crowds snagged all of those and the posters! :(
lmaooooooooo so it was alot of a little?
And im mean. Just called peoples moms ugly!
Good luck to the on their playoff game tonight!
I love the Olympics buzz. I don't really watch a lot of sports, but I'll watch everything Olympic. Curious about SM's role this year too.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE That is all.
Looking forward to Michael Kazin's talk on Wednesday night!
thinks browser is the best browser. I will be the judge of that. downloading now
Had seen the video; hadn't seen the bit from That is really heartening to hear! Can't wait.
can't wait to hear all these stories..haha (:
Brandon Schiffli's short, Quarter Til Two directed by Tim Connery, will be screening at Orange Rind Festival May 20, 8 pm Orange City, IA
You seem really excited about that...
#wordoftheday Fard (v) To apply cosmetics. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
Club Jazid Street Radio We Own The Radio
mmkay no comment
hate that I love you....
#MegaMillions jackpot up to $540 million for Friday's drawing. Most of newsroom part of office pool.
you people can't ignore me forever.
Hug recieved and Hey, you are one strong dude :) tY
Listening to the Bee Eaters while I work this afternoon. Wesley Corbett is an amazing banjo player.
UK had 4 (Enes does count) players drafted last night... Big Least had 3 total
not a writer but i wrote 7 songs, a script, and a poem in 3 days...
how can be so low? All supporters should follow him.
- I suppose it's great if you have an iphone. Although it seems easier to just carry a camera
I'm not short!!
PR in "Real-Time" pulsing ppl, party politics of business, industry-moguls of our time in "Real-Time".
BREAKING: Brendan Shanahan is fining Giroux 5 Dollars and No Suspension For Hit in Game 4 between the
projectx premier is on march 2nd, right on my birthday! Are there any tickets for me, I would like to watch a movie!))
ruptured appendix. :((
When are you back in Chicago? Do you want to be apart of our public Commemorative April 20 event for gay bullied teens?
Enjoyed your presentation but had to leave early to work in the Library of Congress booth - come by and say hello at
“: Almost left home with no shirt. Is that a sign today's going I be an interesting day?” better than no pants...
4 the low 4real followback so i can hit u on the dm
Still Love Ya Steelers! Now, back to business!
Don't eat 'em. The Samoas are like crack. ;)
Cold beer and good ol country songs
Damn i accidently fell asleep 😠 ...felt soo good !
Pet sitterz here for you and your BFF for the holidayz call if you need us while your out of town 3522870642
4 every 50 followers, 1 random follower will get a free ice cream cone/cup of their choice. Will DM winner after every 50! RT 2 ur friends
Spanish girls >>
Did you tell her to shut her trap? :o
I am now the proud owner of my first volume of Foreign Relations of the United States (series 1969-1976, vol. XXXII, SALT I, 1969-1972).
he was playing a prank wearing an old man mask. Not sure exactly what happened after that...
yo, just got an iPhone. Any sweet apps I need?
inability to do mental math
Thanks for the introduction to this photographer. Really enjoyed the selection.
Looking forward to releasing new music soon! Who is ready for a new song?! Details soon!
The moon is gonna look awesome tonight ! (:
big weekend...
Mossberg: "In early days AOL kept sending us disks so we couldn't ignore them"
When Slater speaks ppl listen! MT : I can't believe I live in a world where AC Slater is promoting the festival in my town.
Are you going to come?
you would be proud of me for tonight
an everyday usage and routine action...
Mobile OS Madness Ahead In June
yea n I get tomorrow off
Reuse envelopes, wrapping paper, the front of gift cards (as postcards) and other paper materials you receive wherever possible
This looks like the perfect time to say
just creeped on your super cool band a little, are there by any chance new members?
Shout out to doing a great job of reporting on the Tornado and keeping people safe. Doing a great job.
broken Klout! SURPRISE!
Wallid towed it for me
any luck with googling the problem?
welcome to the STU it's 3 ft under water today
Omg there are British people next to me ! Ah the way they talk is smashing!
well ill definetly be there. I hope you come out & say hi :)
RT : Shout out to the GA POWER HOUSE CATCH HIM 2NITE ON 10PM
"my armpits hurt!"
Always busy on the weekend. I have five things lined up for the next Saturday. I'm not sure how I am going to do all of them.
Love Today's post ---It's all about the Color Orange.
you're gonna be with Brit? Too cool! Hope I get to meet you! <3
Great meeting w/ the team. We're really pumped to feed thousands of kids around the world each day. We love inspiring others to do the same.
The day after Easter is not just another day, there has been a shift and we must now demonstrate our beliefs through words and actions!
Get an awesome haircut from a stylist. Never get it to look like that again at home.
RT : People u should follow #FF << Thank you!
Way to take it to the next level, Marc
The soy candles are selling great. Someone bought all my Gingerbread candles 12 total. Have to make more of them, Nice lady.
watching selkie-cat contemplate knocking items off the cpu. coke caps? stack of receipts? or loud, wood paperweight?
hahahahaha you favorites your own tweet.
Eating health today just had a fish sandwich.
glad you heard it, thanks for listening!
im not mean
um.. and performing together on the #CMTAwards! Whhaaaaaat?! #thatscrazy but kinda #awesome!
RT : Rumor has it w/our launch 21 Dec, docking on 23d, we will get to see this yr's certifying test flight of Santa & his reindeer
Only 3 more suites available at Ocean House this weekend. Come on down. Still offering special rate until December 2.
One week from today we'll be heading back to and ! I hope the next few days go by quickly!
Rudd-Rockford-Marble Rock school district&#39;s tax rate up
yeah wow oh my god swag dude fucking awesome so cool
While sipping your favorite drink don't forget to play that JUICED UP by MEECH DOGG listen free @ www.outreagousrecords.com
"Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?"
was that before, during or after he finished the yardwork?
Nice work Read 2 books with my 6yo from 2nd floor coffee shop library and he loved it! We'll be rdng more and getting coins
Now, one of the necessary elements in working upsuch a sight is latitude
H A P P Y F R I D A Y ! ! ! Will you be playing any #aprilfools jokes?
did u win hun?? I never been b4
WUD IT DO
About To Do Some Show Prep
I told you it wouldn't last
another nice mixing session today @ KMRC.
Scanning & marking up digital texts costs $$. What do communities want more, scanning or markup?
#scc2012. Session 2 about to begin!
- Is it possible Mike Brown's running a bounty program? ; )
I have been saying this for over 10 years.
Baltimore city's voting ballot just makes me sad. Where did all the promising candidates go?
Hey what black eye shadow is it that you're wearing in tonight's episode? Absolutely love it :)
S/o to my new follower
welcome aboard Gunny!
Why does technology hate me so much today?! I have three printers and not ONE of them loves me.
Lol my heart doesn't feel right.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a production too.
had so much fun tonight. show was sick. thanks to all who came. see you soon.
haha, don't let the door hit you on the way out
LOL i second that! RT : Always referred to her as Chaka Kahn :-p
so just wondering, do you by chance have child support to pay? You weren't very clear about it on the show.
Hey guys:D I'm back(: LOL sorry haven't been on this account for a g e s
if you don't care about me, then why do you talk about me?
AW....tht just put the biggest smile on my face!!!
Gorgeous day for us this Christmas - lots of sunshine, mild temps and a little breezy. Hope you are enjoying it with friends and family!
#vsa2011 3 Methods workshop, about to do surveys & interviews on the floor, what is your go-to visitor approach line?I think shorter=better
Hairy vs bald message me which one do u girls sport?
oh its just how i feel sometimes....hard to explain, i just feel like im on the outside of the rest of the world looking in
Pinch! Feel it yet? Harder? How about a slap? Jk. Generous man you are, Alec.
Wine & pyjamas time! G'night, all!
Oregon's helmets for today's game are terrible. Those are not football helmets
Miles of DISD: We test too much in DISD. Quotes Moneyball: "If he's such a good hitter, how come he doesn't hit good. "
Yes we do RT : Love to #BEATOHIOSTATE! Congrats, !
my brother!!! Lets Whack him with
Visit with Paratext at Organization of American Historians conference next week in Houston, TX. Visit Houston before summer shows up!
sorry but yeah Justin haha
I hope you're not expecting me to be presentable in the morning for you.
How does the thermostat say its getting colder in my room when all I feel are the gates of hell!?
Beat poetry jazz rhthyms have never translated well in editing. Unless it's a'la In Cold Blood and Quincy Jones composes.
i will soon be adding floor mats to my diet!
nobody ova 20 fux wit nicki nor like her so I'm backd by more than u a lot of ppl r not on twitter
thank you boo , ima try my hardest <3 I'll be fine tho (: I'm okay without him.
If Pujols hits a walk-off HR, does he stop at 3B and demand $25M/year from the Cards before crossing home plate?
the guy that owns that place did my tat :D
Is it time to go yet?
RT : I am really starting to get why people become so passionate about yoga.
Merry Christmas to my friends in eastern time! Still gotta wait 3 hrs for it over here in Cali...
How do you say the name "Coxe?" If you say "Cocks," you're wrong. It's "Cocks-aye"...according to Mr. Coxe.
Still proud and love my Hogs!!
when I am 18 I can fight UFC but it is long way away bo
K . Well fuck you too then ...
My Brother: mom where we're you born? My Mom: Kansas Me: farm girl Mom: NIGGA PLEASE!
come on home Chicago has better weather at least we are in the 50's. Great game last night. You guys got them now BELIEVE!
Thanks bud!
Its All Love G, Had Nice Times
Guys who won't give up on you, but you want them to... -_____-
thanks for asking and Yes :)
It's 85 in PDX and it's glorious “: Nothing like waking up to 92 degree weather #Phoenix”
"People who are inventing languages that could be used for international communication are doing more to push us in the direction of worl
I have a friend who flies weekly for business from Seattle. They search her hair every week, but missed a steak knife she left in her bag.
I have sleeping to do. lol
enjoyed working with Donald Wheelock this morning on his String Quartet No. 5. So nice to have the composer there to answer questions!
Looking to add value to your home & create an outdoor room to enjoy? Let us design the ideal landscape for you
Lucky shot by pierce, I can't believe We're only down 2. Let's do this
Yummy. B-day goody!
Haha can't wait. I hope its soon.
Those who apply themselves too closely to little things often become incapable of great things
yeah, they all cover the volume buttons. Once burned, twice shy. Tired of volume suddenly going up/down for no reason! Thx tho!
After my occasional parenting from Skype for a year, will my daughter think I'm a computer game?
only if celery salt and sport peppers are involved.
it's my middle name
A lot of violence among our youths in Chicago. Make the necessary steps as parents by respecting the curfews and please be parents!!
must focus
We just updated our website Shutter Designer pages. Head on over to www.estatemillwork.com and let us know what you think! Thanks!
everyone should follow 👈👈👈👈
I'm so dead
Does your salon have custom domain email? () If not you should ask me how to get it. Its extremely easy. I'll explain!
erm I said she's probs not even dead.
Thank you for the list love!
James Hillman called Joseph Campbell "polyfabulous," or having many stories, says
Mickey D's is bad for you
have a great night peeps think money,lol
Thunder rumbling, castles crumbling.
That's nice Mike. Looks fantastic ... and spicy!
Never Again
Just saw at The Urth Cafe!
Hi Jon, not yet, but we're working on it. Glad you're enjoying the layouts. We'd love to see what you're working on.
Thanks, Courtney! I am trying to figure it all out..ha ha, as I am not the most tech-savvy person.
still waiting for the official tweet.
guy's a nerd who likes Star Wars and justinbieber is a homosexual pop singer.JaxJustin is cooler.im mean lol
RT "A right delayed is a right denied"- #MartinLutherKing,Jr.
May everyone have a happy My Birthday. Now go eat some cake!
Making dinner jamming to and !! Hope everyone's having a good night!!
I must have done something to piss someone off
lmfao bricked a dunk stupid
listening to the great Phoenix band Dyke and the Blazers doing So Sharp. Were great at the Calderon Ballroom on south side
#MisterFister has been straight filthy
I read the Tues. letter she sent explaining why she wouldn't appear. Sources say they got the letter after 4 calls.
Will I ever get over the worrying and trust issues?
yeah from the looks of things
Don't be sad. When I lived in ATL, I found the employees to be the most condescending and judgemental music nerds. Good riddance.
We love you too! <3
why do people submit papers to divisions that have NOTHING to do with the paper they submitted? frustrating to "review" those...
ill be over in ( how many ) hours lol
Just when you're ready to count the #Flyers out, they find a way to get back in the game.
#FoodTruckThursdays outside the Milw County Courthouse are back and we couldn't be more excited! & friends
Thanks for your response.
“In concise phrases,often no longer than a verse from the Bible,profound thoughts can be communicated”~Pope Benedict XVI
but I thought after jamaica you went pro in changing tires?!
After a break-up you should try to be friends it feels better
Bosh better get off the ground now he really look like a dinasour lookin around like that with that long ol neck! Lmao
It's time for trivia!
Yeah, if you can't get the ideal combo, I guess #Bengals getting a pair of defenders from nat'l champ #Alabama doesn't hurt.
Just remembered I own the packers! LOL
At this point, Tony Greig is surely saying/thinking "England could probably do with a few quick wickets."
6 days until ! Tapering is giving me anxiety.
I'm getting quite the ab workout with all this sneezing.
I love 'em all, I just love me more
Most people who dislike the word #swag don't have any
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
me too!! I can't get enough of it!! Go #wordle ": I too, am in love with #wordle #truestory"
follow okay? :) please.
good... Right now we are try to get everything ready for the new baby... Still need the crib...
Alan Rickman is definitely in this version of Romeo and Juliet :D
Oh do ! Can't wait to hear how wonderful they look! You should take a picture. PS - I'm still LOL myself.
girl...just ME! Lol... Actually, it's hubs company trip so his people are here...even tho he had to stay in Lex! :)
This QB can run it in.
Happy to hear it--thanks! Come see us again soon.
They were just like, "That's it?" :/
I'm afraid I will not be on campus :( sorry!!!
Just heard about the "birther" conspiracy theory. OMG WTF people? Almost as bad as Clinton impeachment. But hasn't hit Congress yet. Phew.
Sounds like a good idea for hacknight!
#EU Foreign Policy Chief on #Syria: I condemn in the strongest terms these acts perpetrated by the Syrian regime against its own civilians.
Lifes a bitch and imma keep the pussy wet
Awesome, awesome, AWESOME episode of The Legend Of Korra!!!
Just got home from seeing think like a man. I know Im late af but great movie. So many fine actors, men and women.
I felt that from here.
"For it was not into my ear you wispered, but into my heart."
We're serving stracci pasta with summer squash, basil, pine nuts, and pecorino-romano tonight. Call for reservations! 503-288-6200
Officials say 37 left homeless in SF fire
Being on vacation is the way to live.
Whichever McCown this is, he stinks.
#LudoBites Truck = yum!
interesting article...it's hard to get out of the "it's the weekend so I should relax" mindset.
yo make sure to see thundercat
Sunday work for finished early! I think it's time to play #SC2 multiplayer for the 1st time before rehearsal. Here goes.
But current model unsustainable. I get paper copy of DMN; no one else on my block does (and it's mostly old people like me).
few people talked about #OA & serials crisis before Research Works Act; now its all over the place; congress should introduce more bad bills
I Fawking hate guys. Maybe I should go straight.. Except.. doesn't live near me.. Looks I'm single no matter what.
OH YES.
It is from me....so well?
I cannot stop listening to Marianas Trench.
Our "Bombs Over Baghdad" design had another sale just minutes before the #BinLaden news hit. We love it!
how bout you? xD
Avoid fruits and nuts. - You are what you eat. ; )
thank you <3 bestfriend for life
has been in Congress since 1976 and has introduced over 600 bills and only 1 has been passed?? That's only 1 more than me!!
Yessir! Were you at the opening?
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving. -Denis Waitley
"The new library is in a scary neighborhood! Bad things happen there!" Uh, all the neighborhood kids smoke pot at the current library park.
Weirdest Thanksgiving so far hahaha gotta lovee my family <3
Ah. I knew it involved the concept of "Prestige" one way or another. Being "Underground" it was really post-nat'l.
Wild Workouts & Wellness will be offering an Early Bird session starting on May 7th. Join us for our 5:45am class! Click here for...
Bought three books on sale for $13!
Casting the feature film directed by and produced by Troma. Please email
Harry G. Frankfurt sounds like a bullshit name.
RT : Created great content in video to help u recognize a census taker. Continue to engage to share their data.
I believe in reckoning with the ultimate meaninglessness of our existence, even as we fall in love with the miracle of being alive
Russell Wilson is getting some SERIOUS love on ESPN right now. Must be weird they keep showing Wilson listening to guys talking about him.
and to be clear, I think both films and novels are more possible to become "great art" because perfection isn't required
Its time! No more food for 30 Hours!!!!
Hey today was a productive day
Sitting on the patio!
Wait, WUT?! Almost heaven West Virginia, my friend. Father has been driving since 5 AM nonstop and is still an hour outside Boston.
haha dude all that stuff is normal shit
Do Unto Others As You Would Want Them To Do Unto You !
Getting pumped about our new music video! And the record! Lots of exciting things happening.
#NP kings and queens by 30 seconds to mars <3
AWESOME ! BRING IT TOMAH lbs
that's nice!
consolidating twitter accounts, this DHP will be the primary here on out
RT Photo shoot w and tonight xoox for
welcomes my 200th follower: As an added bonus, it looks like the work they do is pretty great.
So bummed. The ceremony isn't live.
Seriously, this is the happiest day of my life.
Alaways talking about social media tips on STEVIE MACK RADIO. Would love to have you on the show. Holla!
yes mam. She starts on monday
Saturday Morning & feeling great! Today is going to be 48°F. Come ride the Bosque with us, or try your hand at
thank you so much!!!!
Hiero is on a roll! Keep helping our chart position and keep checking out Hieroglyfics on Reverbnation! Thanks for all your support!
We got that sweet hot loving dancing in the dark
Umm time for the white sox to switch pitchers.. Sale is fucking up!!
I love my life Maybe some shitter luck sometimes But, Opportunity awaits It's my decision to take advantage of these opportunities
Love your pic... I'm great! Where in the world are you?
damn :( me and jas are going to bsu Saturday .
I haven't lost/gain a mf thing frm. Fucking with you or not be serious! Everytime you see my wallet it's hundreds in there.Known FACT!!
they did and some of my friends did to
And don't forget the Engaging Ed and 42 Think Deep blogs! Great CCSS stuff there! :)
Florida is home to the largest venomous snake in North America. Can you name it?
#WeirdFactAboutMe When I see an insect in the water..for example when I'm the shower..i do my best to save it from drowning.. Hehe 😁
Im so glad the track meet went great!!:) Got second place!!<3
Looks like a staycation instead of a vacation
Such an amazing evening/night! Life!
why?, because you have to authorize the one that surrenders e mails to give them up as well or you will have no e mail in neither site.
Hey everyone check out the studio i work at! www.gcraudio.com Let me know what you think!
Be #intentional - and you will see Life is full of wonderful surprises!
I do!! Hahahaaha
Katy Perry.....let's be real. Amazing. Love her.
One of the very nicest things about life is the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating.
'Your passion, your story, is the best way to go'
doh, at least you don't have to work with them in person.
founder Brother Andrew says ISLAM must stand for “I Sincerely Love All Muslims.”
we are tweeting with some kind of generous got her GED before riding a
Happy Friday!!
Excited this Not in My Library will be interactive w/group discussion
Thanks for being my 200th follower!!!
Trying not to! ": I hope you don't get cab sick #IntDesignerChat"
Hey girl! Holla back Folla back!
Off work. Let's take over the world.
Thank you and Happy Easter to you as well! Peace to you this resurrection weekend!
"Have patience. All things are difficult before they are easy." - Saadi
Enjoying meeting with local entrepreneurs in
So fun!
Rain rain go away, please come back another day.
preemptively, before they make mistakes -- helping her address their inadequacies much more efficiently. -
"I ain't got time for playing, I'm just saying that we out here Tryna function"
Don't know what to do.
WE START TOMORROW! GET EXCITED!
Absolutely allowable.
Jnfdkij le bored .-.
Thank ye kindly!
Do we get a prize for being one of the first 100 to follow ?!
#Candid #Thursday: Happy Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for today?
I really need to start organizing all my websites' logins and passwords. My memory is good, but not unlimited, and my desk is too messy.
Demo or die tonight at #disruptathon with #socialize and
Great Wisconsin weather today! What are you doing to enjoy this weather?
Need to charge my phone soon
Bellevue one is open today though. Have you tried it yet?
I just wanna share my whole life with YOU
Not really, just because you can find doesn't mean its good
are you new here? I don't do that... ;)
Molina is my man. #Bestcatcherever!
I hold it o back.
It's the big crash of #Facebook 2011. LOL
It feels like it should be 3 in the afternoon, not 11 at night.
Hi Aimee, nice to meet you over Twitter
My twittelator app is working great
Playing the Dell's Children's Hospital Benefit tomorrow at Nutty Brown Cafe in Austin! Set time has changed again - it's 7:15-7:40. Come on!
LIVE cntd... Head On at BP Inn ... and one of Pittsburgh's finest, Baby In A Cage at Our Place (Homer City) ...
Yeah I know same, have fun with Barbara from the hip replacement clinic, give her one from me! <3
Broncos play 2nd fiddle to the Raiders JT? With all do respect the Raiders have been the joke on the league for the past decade.
People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want somethin', go get it. Period.
Hopefully just a matter of time before comes to Milwaukee too,
Having a case of Miller High Life is way better than having a case of the Mondays.
we had 2 of them fighting over who gets us...it was great
Happy Friday the 13th!! If you're the superstitious type & avoiding work today, drop by for lunch or happy hour instead! We're better anyhow
Youth Lagoon is re-scheduled for Monday, Jan. 23!
That Rick Ross ft. 2 Chainz & Wale - "Fck Em" hook rides ... Something you can't bump if you pissed tho, could go all wrong for somebody
i hate u!
a decade "strong" , i mean on that strong
RT : Agreed! RT : It's nice to hear the reactions to Amber Nasland's #amapdx luncheon presentation. full of common...
Like in this wed? You will get to meet Ty right? Where's the set?
!Housework's way better with skates on your feet!
have you ever had or considered getting a cat?
it's highly recommended!
I want to know why like 30% of people from my OLD school is following me ? -__-
rainy dayz sleepy head. now i'm up with no school tomorrow.
Good luck (:
I just realized I left the meeting to take a nap... Lmfao
Your resume isn't a resume. It's a piece of sales/marketing collateral. It should represent you as such.
rememba wen I said u my ride or die in u reply always in foreva ps. yo ride or die in I told imma hold yo heart cus the burgarlers out
I need inspiration... anyone have some to spare?
"Wherever you go, there you are," but San Diego is getting too small.
ya don have any moola cuh yo live wit yo rents bitch ass fuck. get off mi dik doe
I wanna wake up every morning with passion and be able to say that I love what I do.
Spencer Abbott (Maine) is still in the lead with 32% of the votes with Shawn Hunwick (Michigan) close behind with 29%!
yeah, would be kind of interesting to see how much more proficient you become over time.
Thats nice. I love you too!
can't wait :)
had to force myself not to buy a plane ticket back to Boston for marathon Monday. Probably would have needed another surgery.
I just don't understand you Dukies.
IT IS NOW OFFICIALLY my BIRTHDAY and I am watching my DVD that came with PAUL McCARTNEY GOOD EVENING NEW YORK CITY
#Seahawks fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Seahawks #Steelers)
I would love to help!
#Nevertrustagirl that has a toothbrush in her purse already
“If you done it, it ain't bragging.” ― Walt Whitman
Hard not to like a game with a position called "silly point"
My brother just asked me for girl advice :'D
Your emotional interpretations are quite poetic.
i think he should be a virgin ;) and i lovee this chapter!! that neal guy better get out!! Or i'll kill him lol just kidding (:
Miami 1-0 baby let's go !!!
lmfaoooo it's kinda funny... i;m so gonna send it to the Jackass guys hehe
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. - Jim Rohn
Even though we aren't on good terms, im mature enough to put the petty shit aside & say im sorry & I hope u get well soon.
I love how the other day at school I went up to emillie in PE, and whispered "I get it in" in her ear.. haha that song was stuck in my head!
Managed to fix my Xbox controller. Happy days
Everyone go follow !:D
I have been forced to live with this girl Jasmine for what seems like forever shes so stupid she could throw a rock at the ground and miss..
oh yea. If apple makes it, I need it. Enjoy your night buddy
Ring Ring
CA State Sen Carol Liu's Chief of Staff Suzanne Reed to discuss Student Success Task Force
A t-shirt said: the most dangerous is a closed mind. I would like to add; the most painful is a closed heart.
I LOVE our new APARTMENT! So swank.
u really on your own now
Thanks Dr. Burns! I had so much fun researching and writing them.
troy tulowitzky is mad good to
Salt Lake City -- I'll be teaching 10th grade history at my HS alma mater.
Had a great time joining & House Congressional Caucus on India to meet w Indian Ambassador to the US, Nirupama Rao.
“Kindness and faithfulness keep a king safe, through kindness his throne is made secure.” - King Solomon
Good talk by at #CAM2012 on bringing library collections into galleries, via displays, iPads, and in recharge areas
Thinking of you!
“: I'm so sleepyy” so are the HEAT :) goodnight ☺
The next person you see IRL, if they make eye contact, thank them for being a human.
LOL. Klout thinks I'm influential about books.
I would definitely agree with that one possibly Bob McKillop (Davidson)
Aw Gurl, I love you too! Same here, Gurl. You got my back, and I got yours. :D
I leave tomorrow to attend the #OAH2012 conference in Milwaukee. So excited to return to my old stomping grounds !
Hope meet gets cancelld #praying because my growing is kill
#SomeoneIWantToMeet because your tweets are absolutely AMAZING
Relationship are like fat people. Most of them don't work out
Bring the beat in !
Just saw Justin Beiber and Jaden Smith. Could this day get any better? Oh yes, Reagan Sadies tonight!
can someone at Thornburg have Jason Brady email ? Thanks! :)
woot woot! Now apply for a job there. They have to be interested in people of the same name :-)
Really really sick of hearing about Carrie Underwood. She's so vanilla and boring. Let's talk more about Zooey Deschanel. Just someone else!
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay . Niall,Zayn,Liam,Harry, and Louis' smiles (; RT if you agree!
Ugh if I can go back 10 years,ago lol I would
Awkward moment when my birthday is on a sunday, so I legally won't be able to drink at my own 18th birthday party..
I Release Dat Street Heat, My Resume Go Street Deep..!!
there ya go(:
We are very pleased to announce that along with our Pride & Hospitality Award of Excellence we have been honored with the Connie Award!
I just said that to my wife! SMDH! RT : I know a few dick riders jus like suzie
PPR I like Sproles, standard it's closer, but I still lean Sproles against a horrid D
Contra the other replies, and 'secret' silliness aside, doesn't mean that one can't be right & the other wrong.
you don't know if U wanna come back
is in Hoffman Estates
Ah, thanks!!
freelance is the life!
Laziness. The worst trait ANYONE could have in my eyes.
A lot of #writers love being part of a community of writers, but I can't think of any good reason to hang out with people like me
-there are real problems with the idea that players should be exactly where they want to play at all times
Miss TQ finalist dies in Zambia!
I am far from perfect. But I will be perfect for that imperfect someone who is perfect for me.<3
