Go #adele! Loved how honest she was on
#20ThingsAboutMe 10) If you don't like me I could really care less.
Only had my Mac book for a couple of days and already can't imagine ever going back to a pc. #MAC>PC
Com law as favorite class? Major league nerd. Nerds rock.
It's not funny at all, my blood is boiling from that comment. It's a serious issue that makes you upset.
see you there!
She was 100% serious
Somebody in the neighborhood is setting off fireworks. Because, you know... Mother's Day, I guess?
#knicks don't have the desperation they need in an elimination game. Must come out in the 3rd and play like their season is on the line
If it's moving there's a leak. A running toilet can waste 2 gallons a minute. Check by adding food coloring to the tank without flushing.
Why is that when we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have??? Just a thought...
A big THANK YOU to everyone who gave during the Get Up & Give North Texas Giving Day! We'll have more information on the final numbers soon.
ty rosey! ...it's on lock, but has already started.
Once we establish a house of order guided by the teachings of Jesus Christ, we must take that standard of living with us where ever we go
LPEQD4M8 add me on live profile :')
That awkward moment when you scream "SHUT THE FUCK UP" to your microwave, and it actually stops beeping.
Happy Memorial Day bro! Always Ready to Work!
Wish I could come <3 :'( Another time...Come to Connecticut. We're such a small state, no one ever comes here<3
Home from GB...A little work, #shenanigans with #PeggyA a typical sighting along with a great dinner at Chives.
The end of the semester is so close. Only 2 more finals. I just want to enjoy this beautiful weather.
It has been a Great day.
Timmy makes me very happy:))
#Laker fans keep hollering they got rings just like #Dallas fans keep hollering they're still AMERICA'S team...THAT'S THE PAST!!!
randy moss should be there besides you bro....just saying...you wont score more than 8 tds...randy would have that in 3 games
who is IG?
what the hell is instagram
My fingers are crossed. :)
I have a desk again :D
Thank you for the RT! Will we see you tonight?
Needs some help moving!
HEY OBAMA SAID IT BEFORE TIMES ARE GOING TO GET HARDER BEFORE THEY BETTER
Had to turn down tickets for today's game 3 times. #TakeThisJobAndShoveIt Let's go Crew!!
The smell of fall is in the air. Great day for a drive and to teach a day of CE for
Woke up to texts from family/friends about what's going on in Chardon. Wow
Music keeps my mind sane..
follow these fools:
working from home today. was in downtown LA. the air is so bad.....
Sounds like a great time
Does that mean Fenway is picked clean?
Fat Bottom Girls we make the rockin' world go run ♫
I wonder how many people who fall asleep on the train to work, miss their stops.
Came to get ice cream with Galindo (:
when will u b back on 1st take?miss u.
Anyone have a topic/issue or person they would like us to cover on YOUR SHOW? Let us know.
ARG! Power supply died in my home server. Need to find someone offering LaaS (Lab as a Service)!
your weird ✌lol
Have a great week!
Its national Wings & Dip Day!!!!! LOL
wake up!!!! I'm bored
Really? :p I'd love to live in the UK !
Open your eyes sunshine.
"Article of Faith"...lol what WILL my bishop say?......
I'd change "Christian" to Human Being!
When you smile, I melt inside. I'm not worthy for a minute of your time
it's decent. starting to get cold. it's cool though. I'm trying to get serious about music....
Go for it! Please, please videotape.
Happy 40th Birthday, Mr. Martin Brodeur. I hope you have a miserable night.
what about make outs at fuzzys??
TWEET us your thoughts, feelings, views on knowledge. Is it good? Bad? Ugly? Show's tomorrow at 11, we'll shout out to all the tweeters!
Thanks for the follow and for reaching out. I see we're all on an email thread now, so let me look into this. I'll get back to you.
this makes little to no sense.
We're open until 9pm tonight for the First Friday Art Trail- you can buy and browse. Free wine, cool art, cool people!
Headed back to Maryland tomorrow! I'm going to miss this family..
Yea no problem :) <3
good idea thx! I luv bread but it goes right to my hynie..
I am such a fatty!
many classes 45 minutes, another reason why solid advisory program is a must, best if teacher follows the stdnt through school
perfect timing for halftime of the #Badgers game so i can watch the new episode of
Pie R squared
When you figure out you've been playing something wrong for the past 3 months >>>>>
yes, I keep saying we have to Skype but we really do! I need to hear all about your life and what you're doing for summer
when do you come back?
Most-Added Fantasy Baseball Pitchers from Week 3: Fan’s Review
These guys are a DISGRACE!! Go after Obama, talk about Supreme Court Nominations, etc.
Congrats reporter Marty S. gets 3rd place Star Investigative Reporting
trail finished up Friday and the verdict came back in our favor!
maybe gibs is streaming? not sure
#Makeup that is #good for your skin bit.ly/qXzs65
Lightening is god applauding, said a counter protester in West Allis.
Lo Lo Luv Luv Love Love Love Loving Loving Loving U U U You You You You My My Sis Sis Sister. Sister to sister luv song lol
hi! Fusible interfacing is the trick for t-shirts. :)
Seated, in the Exit row, this plane is like a ghost town. On my way to Philly!
not in my room and it's night haha :)
Over/under on # of times this season that Bobby Valentine will say his quotes were taken out of context? 50?
waves are sick! get on it! I'll see you out there.
S/O to everybody who following me! Big things 2012 DOPE MUSIK
A4. Just had great opportunity IRL to meet Twitter friends & Who's Who at #SoSlam conf. - great networking!
A Congress that passes CISPA is a House that needs to be evicted election time. !!!!!!!
Listen to your pizzeria..thank you!! RT We don’t often give out advice, but when we do, we recommend you check out
I'm fine with that. Fine with a mental day, too. But people who want him out of the lineup until he starts hitting are crazy.
There were a few other little things they did that I like also. I really like seeing the full titles and authors underneath.
Stronger than before, when your life becomes a war, set the world on fire <3
I co-sign that
Twitterific is form me!
maybe. I'm not going to thrat shit show.
Because if you're talking about Dominos that chocolate molten lava cake thing is actually perfect.
That is bizarre. Tyler needs to work on his classics.
kings ont swap flies they have fly swatters
Good. Walker voters even more provoked to fight back": Gander Mt caves cancels NRA Eau Claire event/CALL: 651325-4300 #WIRIGHT"
classes, babysitting, and most importantly lots of terrace time!
look what you've done.
right. Only benefit to staying is not moving.
esp if you want sandwiches!!
Send Astro home.
Who's ready to help out Black Dog Animal Rescue and win fabulous Halloween themed goodies at the same time???
haha. I know seriously I think it's one of those 2 also. Leaning more towards Zab. Rios still showing he's not mature enough
i gotta pee so bad
the one that really jumped out at me was in calling it a lie that US gives foreign aid to Cuba/Venezuela when it is in fact true
I didn't realize Chuck had a web site! Love his work. (Input: possible to correct "Thelonious" & "Vaughan"?) :)
Lucky!! That's my favorite restaurant(: <33
SOMETHING MAKE MY HEAD BLUR
come on Blazers, 4th quarter rally!!
I do not relish anyone dying, but at least Andrew Breitbart cannot spread any more hate!
Love is misused and mistaken so much
The "Cadavers" as I refer to them have been around in one form or another since the early 1990s.
the account of essence by some oooers indicates that no, there is a rejection of processual, performative identity
"There is not a place you will go that God is not there..." ~Pastor Thomas Bessix
that is highly unfortunate and shows what the district values #alcohol #money not
#HighBloodPressure Prostate Infections Prostate Infections
When people start fighting over who gets to use my Netflix >
but your still on probation ....lol
If I were not going to be in a meeting, I would be listening to and at 11EDT on I'm With Stupid
No prob! Glad you and are having fun :)
RT : Come see the #sculpture of #artists #Doug+MikeStarn made out of #AcidEtchedGlass #needles exhibition!...
I knew I wasn't off-base with that one. We like solving problems. It's in our nature. We probably need the challenge :D
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
#OESA excited to learn about some opportunities for me in the automotive industry!
IKR I don't ever get enough sleep. It's like a weekend, it goes by in like 3 mins.
Examples from show "highly individualized" research practices of historians and engagement with both digital/analog.
Not to alert anyone but I may be pregnant...with a ghost.
Working on some new tracks today.
I'm just sayin you could do better.
Headed to Nashville!! Can't WAIT to see tonight! :D
I missed my flight wth I need to go.to school
someone text me. #bored #cantsleep 📱
Now that I have my account back.. WHAT IT DO!?! Haha oh god I'm white.
I wonder where Mark Sanchez is on the list?
we'll take it!
Marquette...See you at 11:30 if any of you are still alive after senior week (haha). 15th and Wells...
hey justin love u much
I know but oh well..they call you that or Aubrey's lover ;)
Nm working my ass off
YAY! RT : Victory! Thank you to everyone who voted for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium! We...
Just started Unit 1 of CS 101: Building a Search Engine -- There's still time to enroll if you want to learn Python in 7 weeks :)
Pole work is hard
my dream is to have as many people follow me on twitter! or reweet my post 100 times! #neversaynever RT RT RT!!!!
Niino Pedro ? (x
Huge list of songs that people are wanting me to cover it's gonna be tough with school going I'll keep going strong!! Just like !(:
Mom is taking pictures of her alcoholic drink while her kindergartener orders a side salad..
always makes my day!
Sony Xperia Play Themes – Free Download | Pinoy Technologies
Bad day today my braces broke glass went thru my shoes at school and cut me and I started bleedin all over the place and I had food poisonin
No spam served here! I didn't mean to offend in unfollowing. I'm happy to follow you again--no need to reciprocate.
I haven't been wearing make-up I want my face to breathe for a minute
Night pug.
Gotta love 80s night at belvederes
": #ImMadBecause be playing with my money! Its the PRINCIPALITIES of the situation." Stop it! lol
see you in PHX- what time do you arrive?
Bout to head to the crib, drink a protein shake, get my clothes ready for tomorrow, do a little promo then go back to the gym.
Dance around a magical couch. RT WWJD (what would Jamiroquai do?)
It just occurred to me that someone must have to taste test dog food. And now I'm a little nauseous.
U should come enter the giveaway hosted by
I love the new profile pic.
be cool, he aint there yet but its getting closer.
#WeWon'tWork if you don't love and listen to his songs with me.
Let's go Rangers!
I'm in an oversized sweater and glasses at a tattoo parlor in AdMo. I'm going to stop there and let curiousity get the best of you.
do whatever you want to do! its your hair isnt it? :)
is holding a live "Sound Bath" recording tomorrow from 6 to 8 pm - gongs, crystal bowls, piano, percussion & mantras
Feed-in Tariffs as zombie-killers? - Business Green
Happy Mothers Day to you fabulous mamma's to be
Happy Birthday ! I hope you have a wonderful birthday!!
sadly, you're right.
i know, when i came in a little after you left she came running to me and was like "weres your boyyyfrrriiieeennnddd alex?" hah!
Create conversation!
oh for me? time machine for sure. Around 30 so that i can "experience" some changes lol ;)
Be the first to work and the last to leave. Set an example with your peer's. Be a leader and a teacher. Use the 10 ft. rule, smile & say hi!
Fireball frenzy. Xanadu. New age jock paradigm
josie! how come you weren't on mcc much tonight?
“: UConn isn't in the MAC. At least not yet.” There's a difference between #MAC #BigEast football?
U compelet me.
I need a ac
Yeah I said LP
Thanks, appreciate the support
- omg , next weekend is my first tournament <3 .. CAN'T WAIT !
Wide awake vibin to all types of music jus in my zone
: Congrats to Jason Vincent on the big win at amazing day all around.
its whats for lunch....and dinner. Can't beat a five dollar footlong sandwich.
lol very sad but true. hey...i'll take it!
MILWAUKEE (AP) -- Frontier Airlines will cut nearly 500 Milwaukee area employees as part of a major service reduction in Milwaukee.
Training Placement BA By Barnessoft at ... - Business Analysis Jobs
If people don't like what they're seeing, they move. Exactly why brands must provide relevant content via
. GOP worst MBA Presidents? Hoover had a business degree so did GWB and so does
At Starbucks w/ a semi-decent internet connection before checking in another Casino Hotel with shitty internet connection....
... thanks! yes we love the Sandals and Torquays!
Good morning guys
do it!
I will never say never! I will fight.. I will fight till forever!(: <33 I Love JB .(:
Super tired and about to go to track....merrrrrrrpppppp :/
where u at dawg?
❤☀ LOVE MY FANS COME VISIT ME❣☀❥
laying in my bed, haha. :)
You are looking mighty fine indeed!
CU Veterans will hold their initial meeting today at 2pm in GRW 108. Looking forward to seeing you there.
Please notice my page, made it yesterday! COME TO CHICAGO WITH THE BOYZ (:
Congrats on the check! Now lets watch Bikini Barbershop: Jersey on HDNET to celebrate!
Children get to fly free? That'd be sweet. ;)
Congrats guys! RT : Today we're proud to announce LFX, our platform to unlock the value of subscribers everywhere...
TODAY WAS CRAzzy
Watching some weird thing about haunting in connecticut..?
No such thing as a hangover!!!
Rural Innovation conf in Mad-WI-Take-away on working together-U can't fear what u MIGHT lose-focus instead on what you WILL gain.
The blood still hasn't stopped. Doctor tomorrow.
Ha! Love this!
oh my dear lord. So cute.
Morning everyone! Hope you have a blessed day! Xo!
Not funny. Try again. RT : if your a Spurs fan you gotta be at least 50 yrs old...
...i hope you jokin, nigga please...i stay true to my ppl! neva switched up! ha
Obama's "study" looks to be entirely about how to Get Things DONE. & hey, Rmoney doesn't need to study dishonesty!
THANKS GUYS!!!
m hmm, denial..
Why is this happening
Baby I can feel myself givin upp
Stop by to check us out
Dem Congressional Campaign Committee hungry. Wants"5,000 donations today to show Democrats are united and have what it takes to win?" recall
The social engagement with customers using chatter is kind of amazing. We are definitely going to be using these tools.
The Thelonious Monk Institute is playing LIVE right now here at Jazzbah!
Omg crying.
Out to eat with the bae
Yes im on my phone while your talking to me,, because im going to tweet about you,,
I know like ASAP!! Like this weekend!! :)??? Maybe?
Pretty excited about today's #knit crash course
can you take us from belltown to the airport tomorrow morning super early?
Had a staight up gangster call me "Holmes" when I returned his toddler that was walking down the sidewalk alone.
Birthday Special: Zero fees from DFS on any deal submitted today for a merchant cash advance.
Medium and large kids or womens? I have your address, will put them in the mail in the morning.
how do some people tweet 24-hours? i just cant!
#RelationshipsNowsdays; 1 boy, 1 girl, 1 Ex trying to mess it up & 1 friend secretly hoping it ends.
No one has a perfect childhood; there are always events and experiences that affect you, and may still affect you today.
I'll Be Off At 7....If Not Thurs Then Friday?
we don't have to come in the 15th, 16th, 17th, and 18th?
bitches a do n e thang behind a nigga back! # TUFF
@ For my soldiers who see the sun at midnight. Sleep is not your friend. We going in , We going in !!!!!
Has anyone tried Koga- kickboxing yoga?
Sounds like the local tweetup scene was cancelled on account of Jesus. Rochester, never change.
I love when you post about work bc I have fun thinking about who you might be referencing. I miss you!
'I'm unavailable' #myPhrase ;) #WTL RT : Sometimes I think it's better to just say friggin single!
“: if you'd like a killer right hook for dinner.” That's my girl! How ya been?
I got some new tracks that's so crazy! Sometimes whn I feel like I can't do no better I do better.
We are too!!
so this is your other twitter well I will follow u on this
Omg I got a D.
are you team Dawson or Pacey?
Everyone dont forget in less than 30 min now, Betty White's New Show "Off Their Rockers" starts on NBC.
Why does certain things happen to me when i do not want them to and when i do they don't! Grrr!! ..
just because he's friends with cody
China military warns of confrontation over seas
I've almost asked "99 times" and I know u r busy, my g/f is such a fan and couldn't get a autograph in PDX. Anyway to get one?
I guess I notice it more because I live off of Belmont and always see Brn Midway on the sign at the Belmont station
Sounds good Donats!!
This is SO freaking true! RT : Here's The Deal...NO matter what problem YOU face, there's always an Elegant Solution!
It'd be great if the Orioles won the AL East. Like really great.
No time to loose trend #happybirthdayjboogz treanddd
new to me. I've been here a couple of years but can't get use to it.
Hope that fire wasn't too close to your building. Looks nasty.
I dont even like LeBron or the Heat..they weak for teaming up but you do what you gotta do to a ship I guess...
~ Alcohol is a good preservative for everything but brains. ~ Mary Pettibone Poole
Like a Bat Out Of Hell...Don't miss it 2nite-Meat Loaf Tribute Dashboard Lights starts at 9:30. $10 21+...See The Show
13 years in the biz and still one of the most talked about women in the world..#BritneyXFactor! You're favs could never!
What's up fellow EDM heads?? Appreciate the follow - stay up!
Episode 2 of Anderson Cooper's Show. Glad he addressed his recent giggling fit re: G. Depardieu. Important issues first!
Here it is
“: Premiere issue of "Models Unleashed presents:.. " drops July 4th!!! Release party at ? .." #yummy yum yum
I wish H-Sci-Med-Tech's RSS feed would display the article body, and not just links w/ the article title.Are all of H-Net's feeds like this?
What's up!?
ok love
Yes, I did!
Can you follow so we can DM ya the number? Thanks.
lol to funny
You should come to Cali and meet your #1 fan!!(: <33 #ILoveYouAustin I wish you would notice me<3
: can't DM u cause you're not following me LOL. Yes, you have permission 2 use pics- I mentioned this in the original email.
Im just waiting for the final bell to ring at 4:05 so I can go get my haircut -___-
Try to behave! RT : Vegas bound! How is this my first time?
Sounds good. See you then!
That person that is always annoying -.-
Would having the line, "I know the punchline to the does-your-face-hurt joke" in my novel help or hinder promotion of my book?
When I told Mr. Lincoln my assessment of the situation at Fort Sumter and Governor Pickens' bloodthirst, his expression fell.
ya know. ABDC. boys are le back
best food so far in France - #India and #Pakistan restaurant... delicious
I'm disappointed in how didactic ALL THE RIGHT STUFF by Walter Dean Myers is. So far it's a philosophy class.
There's 1 day a year when I truly want a salad: the first warm day of spring. Today is that day. But srzly it's burritos from here on out.
So at crawdaddys we get sat in a room with a party of 26 holy loud l.. I hope the food is good
Did I tell you I LOVE your icon??? OMG!!!!!!
It was amazing to have you in the film!! Safe travels :)
Moot question? Dissertations are (usually) a bunch of cobbled together articles anyway.
When a girl says "suck my dick" , everyone laughs. 😂 But if a guy says "eat my pussy" .....shit gets awkward! 😳
bout 2 take a power nap.......
I know they were supposed to finalize it this morning but it doesn't appear to be posted yet.
Browns for life. Cleveland for life. Goodnight.
Bloodbath - Eaten (from The Wacken Carnage)
i hope colleagues and weren't watching Super Bowl together. Try to "smack the ish" out of Anderson's guns!
Maybe its just me, but plunking a guy then having him embarass you by stealing home is way worse then giving some donk his first career HR.
Maybe they don't (and why should they?) But in my experience, many do or enter thinking they do. Important to show options.
WHO'S READY FOR RAIN ALL WEEKEND??
Morality is not solely the province of relition -- Dawkins
So happy that some #STS134 #NASATweetup tweeps will finally get to see RSS retract & Endeavour. Enjoy.
Congrats on kicking ass on your shoot today....WARDEN! :)
I can see that. Generally when creativity strikes you probably think faster than can type... and that's ok, right :)
Ready for the first sell out of the year? Only 3 weeks until Opening Day!!!
Guess who won Kiss Concert Tickets?
I'm might have to get SF vs Tekken now.
how is everyone doing today ?
My sister just got socked in the face, literally my sis smacked me in the face with a sock lol
aww didn't see you where r u guys.
ND: Damon is trying to make sure she's happy and what makes her happy is Stefan. And she still has hope that Stefan can be saved. #Stelena ♡
RT : Don't ask me how I know this: You can get a fleshlight case for the !pad, so yes you can do it w/ebooks.
I thought Colts would give him a position. He mentioned he'll be back in his press conference ...
Dogs and Cats and Cancer............... How to help and Change this?
Selling your home is stressful. I am a professional and will make your move easier. I make house calls. Call me.
hanging with my sister and cameran watching degrassi marathon. fun times! RIP Michael Jackson
Just met #Eric darius before his great #jazz show ton
Normally I'd say an 8 point lead is nothing but in this game it may as well be 28 points
We shall dance... “: Dear , please record your version of "Crazy Beat" so I can dance my face off.”
Totally ignoring your mum!
Hester is the fucking man boy
just recorded the tabla for the song "machine guns" sounds awesome vell done mithun!!!
The circumstances of our lives have as much power as we choose to give them. - David McNally
Some people will stay in your heart, even if you are gone in theirs.
God bless all the families that lost loved ones ten years ago today....
Can't recommend enough. This combo sandwich (pulled pork + brisket) is just fantastic. And humungous.
Text messages are quick, only taking a few seconds to hit thousands of phones at the same time. www.zesmo.com
MY BEST FRIEND HAS 3 DOGS...:) PEPSI , ROMEO ,JUILET..LOL:D
Your opinions about me - you can save them.
if you can only pick one, I say Natural History.
"capitalism" has no place in healthcare.
that's hot lol
lol. I am just glad you found one. Don't hesitate to call me Monday. Have a great weekend!
Appt got rescheduled I hate when that happens
i ran 5 miles today and if you would have told me that a few months ago I woulda called u crazy.
it wouldn't let me
Watching kill it with and Greg Schutte at the !
Sometimes I can't help myself for loving life this much!
When do they play Seattle?
last night was just great!!!! Thanks for talking to me! I love you guys!
RT : Our newest Biker Lifestyle Network girl! Check her out and click "thumbs up" or "stumble" to spread the word!...
Hope everyone's Monday was Great!!
Thanks for the RT and glad you like the pics!
Its well known that Bill Clinton doesn't mean it when he says "I love my wife." Well can you blame him?
for sure
I'm so jealous of how excited the seniors must be knowing that they have 8 days left of school
You should also put some pants on. “: Day 4 of dreary rain means I am rocking hot pink leopard rain boots with zero shame.
One has to wonder - What were all those people around Whitney Houston doing for her? Sad how very sad!!
Ew im never sleeping with my window open again. I got bug bites..everywhere!
yikes....what a toolbag
Sunshine & rain at the same time. Always enjoyable.
planning stages for the garden 2012
DO NOT RETWEET THIS TWEET!
Congrats Wes! #TULawAlum RT : GableGotwals Welcomes Wes Pebsworth as a new Associate. He will focus his practice on litigation.
Ya miss ONE turn & you're whole morning is screwed. Ugh.
So do i! I remember half the battle between my friends and I, was making a creative name.
Turn on Tuesdays check out
beautiful kirtan last night with the Basement Bhaktis. Now watching TED and uh...tweeting. Tweet.
OH: "There are ways to not break up with me and still have a good laugh."
as an irishman, i can tell you it's paddy not patty. american culture has somehow mixed this up.
Q: Who's the best Bond? A: Some say municipal, some say treasury, but I'm old-school: asset-backed securities.
Men these days are f*cking pussies. What kind of guy waits for the girl to call?
I faced the same dilemma!
hi Francisco Happy Monday. I hope you don't hate Mondays
if #obma lies about and hides his positions before the election, what mandate would he have if he wins?
Talking #idol on in just a bit.
U not mad are u ...I know u not
ok first of why do you want it egave a reson and i will gave you it
omg you guys!!!!!!! i'm so touched!! hope you are on tomorrow, i'll give you a small tour on #Legna world
Thank you for the re-tweet.
: thanks for following
Hi :) why such an awkward hi Alexa
RT "A favor gonna kill you faster than a bullet" Carlito Brigade..
Once In A Lifetime is NOW!!! The Rock vs John Cena!!!
acrylic paints
I like one direction :)
PEOPLE are buying used cars as they cannot afford payments for a new car due to high gasoline prices
SO TRUE"!!
WHY DO PEOPLE FOLLOW PEOPLE THEY CLEARLY DONT LIKE? I KNOW..THE DEVIL TOLD THEM TO FOLLOW.
whos mad at cellz? make a diss record for em' im riding
haha!! Happy twitter to you too! :)
NYTIMES article predicts paper will be going away - great news for fine art and photography collectors. See STEVE LOHR's article.
yup bored
Ughh..sometimes I'm just not in the mood to talk,that's exactly when people start messaging me.
hi Ari! Hope today u see my tweet, :) I love u a lot<3 you're so sweet! If u to see, follow me and reply? Xoxox! Pls
Obviously Jaime is your fave starkid, but who's your second fave? :)
Taking the day to do wedding prep, and it's been a productive one so far: just found out we fly FREE to CR with my reward points!
Just let us know when and we'll clean them up for you. :-)
Student loan forgiveness is another well-meaning populist idea that will cause more problems than it will solve.
yes! Him and Griffin are really going overboard with the flopping
you need to get back on here!!! Lol
You know it!!
MS paid $8.5B for Skype and will make that money back in operating cash flow in 116 days.
Grandma: look at this bitch flashing her gang signs at me! Me: grandma... She's deaf.
Thoroughly enjoyed the performance of Strange Interlude by the STC tonight. Makes me want to revive the word lover in my vernacular.
great tips! Already liking the Buffer App
how about a visit to the states soon? America loves you :)
Yaa with the help of some dirty bank shots... That backboard was not regulation
What's the matter?
It would be fair for to review extensive work.Few others in SoCal have done more to attract interest to Baja
BLUEBIRD Cafe this Friday night!
UroMed’s employees have a personal connection in understanding their customers’ urinary health and incontinence needs, as 20% of UroMed’s...
#Truth “: Season Tix start at $125. Others at $160, $175, $250, and $320 based on location. Best deal in life.”
Im blocking the rest of Bebes time today. Dont wanna be here all day.
Charlotte half marathon with the one, the only tomorrow morning. EXCITED!
With Amare and Boozer migrating to the east, is the west now the weaker conference??
Dozens of Santee citizens speaking 2 council against power plant moving near its borders. "So pleased we are going to work together" 1 says
Holy boom boom! This thunder is crazy!!!! ⚡☔☁
finding conversations isn't creepy. If you're posting something to SM you're looking for engagement
Was he not jolly?
better get out of bed !
Out to Chinese with my best friend. :)
haha i was having a good day:D
And as well.
I wanna text you right now ...
So much to catch up on so bear with me if you're waiting for an email or phone call. No rest for the wicked! :)
you have stood me up snow!! where art thou?
Life is funny. When I was the one into him, people tell me "He's a kid, he's disgusting, he's ugly". And now they're DATING?
Swimming will just kill me today
Me: mom can we buy these plz Mom: why, u dont like dried mangoes Me: cuz there greysons favorite<3 mom: -_-
Happy Ujamaa! (Cooperative Economics)
Lil'Wegi Hustling For This Record Deal...... Tryna Open Door's For Alot Of People In My Life.
Yikes indeed.
hey!! Glad you remember that day and had fun!!!
Buffet! (@ pizza hut)
just kiddin' of course we will be there -- Oh Snappin'!
Because the best way to spend a Saturday after is reading a book about pathology and toxicology
Delighted to see several of our clients shortlisted for #ILTA11 Distinguised Peer Awards. Looking forward to the Gala Dinner tonight.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Keep on tweeting positive and enlightening messages. Give thanks everyday, each day is a gift. :)
Oh I know that feeling exactly!! It is much worth it once the headaches & worn out feeling goes away
we're excited to be there on Sat!
can u plz follow me
Haven't been on here for a while trying to get back into the swing of things :) <333
romney #dodge all night, wow
we love it
And you know this how? #lies 😔
Working on a project for a hockey team. Will need your thoughts later tonight. Hope you'll speak up.
And I saw Devils on Horseback on another menu today!
By chance anyone today wearing your brewers shirts with the logo on the back?
I am in agreement with you... It all starts with vision!
What will it take to get you to spend your sports dollar on #UWM athletics? SportsRadio
Y "Water for Elephants" was GREAT 1. I HEART Midgets 2. Robert Pattinson is in it. 3. It confirmed I REALLY want to be in the Circus
Happy Birthday to the most amazing guy ever love you.!! <3
I wish I lived at LA or Tronto.
wow, I knew the Kardashians were big bitches, but is an even bigger one. People that make minimum wage work harder.
What he said ---> RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?
This AP test today<<<
Hm, not working? You on your phone?
Kobe really should test for gm7
Good Night....I follow back Always so follow me! :))) <333
This new family guy>>>
have you ever gone to the dachshund day parade they have downtown every year at washington square park?
Good Morning! Wishing everyone a Blessed day!
#Buckeyes please crush the Syracuse Orange men.
These gadgets won't be ubiquitous for years. Can we talk about practical ways to apply this futurist mindset to our jobs right now?
G.O.O.D Music
hey im not just ur body part im a part of the teen wolf so i was wondering if u could please follow me and reply and maybe a SO
Are you still creeping biebs..? BY ANY CHANCE, NOTICE ME..? ILY TO DEATH...
thank you! I think I will! I gotta a fun night planned ;)
We still did not answer the questions that are important to us ~ Paulo Coelho
Big of him.
sorry meant UNC. Same front runner bullshit if you ask me.
always working on songs. No releases this year, but working on it. Vegas is perfect right now. 90's. pool weather..
of course. I'll want to pick your brain later.
my bright red '93 chevy lumina is sold and I'm moving tomorrow.. things are CHANGING! ready for you, Virginia!
Class at work :)
RT : I never mind layovers in Minneapolis - St. Paul... is one of the best airports in the country.
Having multiple cute co-workers.
Ppl don't wake up & do this. Either they knew/ignored or weren't aware how crazy he was. Not everyone needs 2 be around ur family
Any noteworthy experiences at pick-up night? Our editor discovered (& is embarrassed she hadn't before!)
on the contrary to what you heard, it is not the Final frontier. make the trip.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
Thanks for the welcome! :) We're glad to be here!
We must of been here before , it's fresh on my mind 🎧
Ask him if he's hit puberty yet. Feels like I've been waiting forever.
‎, i just cant get you off my mind ....
☼ I have a new philosophy. Im only going to dread one day at a time. Charles M. Schulz
i don't want to get out of my car. it's too cold :/
#HISD trustee Galloway just took Rodriguez to task for "insensitive" remarks.
Advisory Committee recommends whooping cough vaccines for over 65s
are you guys ready for the summer? what are your plans?
bands such as Bring Me The Horizon, Arch Enemy, and At The Skylines. We just released our new song "See You At The Top" on iTunes! Check it!
However many ways there may be of being alive, it is particular that there are greatly more techniques of being dead, or rather not alive.
why cant every boy be like justin bieber??(: <3
starting small, making farfalle pasta with shrimp, asiago cheese, spinach, cherry tomatoes, olive oil, balsamic vinegar.
I'm writing a super hero story in my english class, And guess who are the most awesome kick ass heros?! <3
I love you, but I love myself more.
haha sadly I don't know how. ):
Welp. Floyd sealed it.
wat u doing
Can't get enough! Dats da hook rite der!!!
Live it up, you're only young once.
hey girl! Can you recommend some good fashion blogs for me to follow? :)
winter is listed alongside/other types of death - the classifieds/express longing against beaded coalfires/in the sweating hearth
So is 18 and it is like yesterday he was 15....... now you are
thanks for you post on TC today! We're excited to watch the live stream of
BRB stripping to Madonna.
Dance like THE WIND, Greeny. But, uh, just not like Golic's wind, okay?
ahahahahhahah!!!!!!!!!!! we need a tumblr dedicated to slugs
feeling miserable today - so not cool
Leadership - In this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer.
Super excited to be launching the new #nextgengov website today!!
I prefer her with dark hair.
Did you know the funeral was tomorrow?
Thanks! It was weird enjoying my drive to work today for the first time ever.
I have been a stay at home Mom & am currently a working Mom. Both deserve respect. Snarky feminists do not speak for us!
Why did God give men nipples?
(Publilius Syrus) Forgive others often, yourself n ever.
I applaud California's governor for doing what's necessary and right by raising taxes so schools don't lost funding
Loved Pasquale's beautiful performance of my song. It's mislabeled on songcloud, though. It's called MOON ALLEY.
The plain working truth is that it is not only good for people to be shocked occasionally, but absolutely necessary to the progress
What's in your RSC?
Town Hall Mtg Tonight! 7pm 25 W Preston St. Dessert reception and election of board members, Development update and preview of new website!
hi thanks for the follow we can share tips and information
Thanks! RT : - thanks for the follow. Yikes - you guys have everything there! Cheers!
nails done hair done everything did (;
Looks like this weather is going to keep me trapped inside today >_<
First Western rehersal today! ❤
Michigan interception at midfield seals deal.
yes why ??
RT As human beings,our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world-as in being able to remake ourselves~Gandhi
In the market for a new gas grill. Does anyone have any recommendations or tips?
The next card will be dropped soon....hurry and find the current card on driggs and manhattan ave
Thanks for the Lean Challenge support. Proud to be a New Mexico startup!
Winslow drops a wide open game tying conversion in the 4th against the undefeated champs bahaha closure complete
That's classy... snort pills in class and you do cocaine.
Off to Upenn grasp lab today. Hope to see a recreation of the bond theme quadcopters. Maybe they cab lend us one.
Omg Robbin was a pop star in Canada! Lmfaoooo "let's go to the mall." Hahaha #HIMYM #nw season 2
I'm already Westing, with musket and sextant. (Obscure Pavement reference.)
Somebody That I Used To Know/Levels mix makes me panties wet 😳☺
glad I had two near death experiences tonight ! lol
verly good top of the morning to ya down under from 2 countries, and three states.
don't know why i feel so tired.
Fresh the fuck out call it young prince swag
nice dog, go hard in bmore
great big questions, thanks!
Off to cheddars with the fam
Feels like lightening running through my veins every time I look at you...
RT - Damn! I want to go to Miami...my mans Reggie play for the dolphins just moved down there and said it likes it
Yea, Fingerprints is a modern classic. I loved it, though I didn't agree with every theory. He's a really good writer.
+1 MT : Hartford: "We were never that good at obeying laws we didn't like." Time for some or civil disobedience?
Mildly spoilery: the endings negate the resolutions made so that everything can happen again slightly differently in next book
49ers don't have many needs. Makes them more prone to pkg picks. Have need at G. Harbaugh trades up for DeCastro?
Officially launched the new company today: www.bakerblessitt.com Contact me with your training or tech writing needs!
Boss lady
True under certain circumstances; not all. The exception isn't the rule. It's shitty to project personal experiences onto others
Foggy af out here!
I thought that homeless people hotspot shit was a joke at first. That has me rollin. Where is their dignity?
don't think so but there should be. If I were a congressman who wanted to be a mayor I'd think about it.
That was a great Bikram class. Now dinner.
mini vacations r nice
Having an audition across from my fave boutique is torture. The temptation to shop is greater after a post audition high #NOTrich&famousYET
thanks for coming!
Nothing shouts importance louder then silence.
Christmas is the Disneyfication of Christianity ~ Don Cupitt
happy birthday ! live it up for your 21st!!!! love you *muah* :)
LOL - Can't wait! RT : Which is why you get the prize in the mail soon!
. Did someone say 'beer?' cc
She too sticky & dirty right now...
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
RT : Spalter - Deliberate and speedy approach to auction design and implementation imperative. #mmtcforum YES
Packing reading for a trip is definitely one of the times I consider e-media!
Never worry about numbers. Help one person at a time, and always start with the person nearest you !!
We've all done that. It's a phase.
have any exciting plans Saturday night? I was thinking about going up there.
Resiliency gives birth to your vocation. Relationships mature it. Love seals it. Leadership fulfills it.
"Programmers think better in code." I think I just found a good reason for using #cucumber to force people outside their comfort zone
GOD I KNOW
i actually wasn't even interested in the listing-just amused by idea of 11th-floor apt on street I know doesn't have tall bdgs
Iknww I freakin missed you boo.! ": Missed track this year, so i missed my bby :/"
please keep in touch.
Awesome! We're honored to be your sign company forever! :)
Had horrifying dreams last night about being attacked by wild dogs in Africa. Interpretation?
Hope they get better soon!
Oh. #Soundcloud has storage limits... Unless you pay. Anyone know a good free alternative?
hey man do you think Morris for Detroit will have a good game today?
Imma scrub it today for once. 👍
lol i know!
Being single is ss boring.
nope, just implying you suck dick.
Was going to say...may not be either of those! Will get my 1st taste of MCO/FL in 2 weeks.
Now #hootfest needs to come even faster! These performers are awesome! <3
Hi Dianne :) i hope to see you guys soon :)
2 Corinthians 5:17 KJV Therefore if any man b n Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.
OMG you my girl. I wanted you to slap her ass.
It could be #mint.com for travel programs, probably same revenue model. If it's not out there let's start it!
Let's Get Dis Money!
AKON SHIT SO U KNOW ITS ON LOCK
Key word "listened." re: last tweet
I got a shirt made that says "I <3 Deezy Austin and PSanders!!!
Ashley is the greatest person ever
oh Phil! hahaha I just don't wanna go puke on someone.
Looking for my favorite color. Cannot decide between purple and beige.
Congrats to on their acquisition
How's YOUR job search going? Social networking is a free job trapping tool! Get Linked #in and start connecting. www.linkedin.com Good Luck
What in the hell is #DowntonAbby? Here's the #MildredPierce preview from :
Is my teacher really playing Justin Beiber in class right now?
S/O to for the follow get at me sometime sweetheart!!!!
says Senate Health will vote on #FamilyCare bill tomorrow
If I want to reach my dreams, I must take advantage of it as it passes by.
Chicken noodle soup & sleep! Feel better!!
RT A promise, is a promise. You can't just break it, and expect me to be okay.
“: I wish daddy issues could be traded for something better than single dollar bills.” haha
i want to go shopping!! :/
will play book and future blackberry phones have Skype?
Can somebody please explain why we had to spend so much time learning about Tenochtitlan in elementary school?
New Coben book coming out on the 23rd!
Im wide awake now that orlando scared the living shit out of me
The Wiz! RT“: I'm obsessed with watching the Gladiator! What movie do you watch over and over again? #fb”
My bro don't have his charger oh boy
Clubbing in SA is not worth the money...no more
bitches! ": Hooters with and :)"
is next week your ex-coworker edition?
It's cold ,When i get cold it's really cold
#RUwriting Drive-by poetry committed 's door. Got some OG lit up in Sedgwick.
Sorry, in the General session. :(
Storyopolis entertainment got incredible work from english illustrator allison jay.
Adversity doesn't build character, it reveals it.
I DIDNT SAY THAT I WAS JUST TRYING TO GET TO KNOW U ......
Sip wine @ WSWB & help the world :) RT : The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind. - Humphrey Bogart
Brilliant idea!! You guys need to record those shows- sell direct-to-fans with that new set-up
Rewrites....audio editing...and production development.
Obama's inaction on Amendment 1 was really shameful.
open the fb message you want to get rid of and click on the actions tab. There is a list of things to do there.
Worry not about control of your startup; 10% of a watermelon #isbetterthan 90% of a grape.
first i need 6 more followers
You will NEVER lose when God is your head coach....#iwin!
I grew up in C-bus! Blue Danube a mile north on High St. is a campus fav.
You can now follow Rebecca
sweet both pretty awesome books I like the golden compass. Which musical performer inspires you?
I know! But this is probably the only time it will happen, plus we have to go back for finals after we finish :/
Role play emotions with kids--what do you do when you are happy, sad or frustrated?
stop this nonsense!!!
Not doing shit in first and amber isnt here to keep me company! :(
so i guess wants to let everyone know how hot she is by her new avi. Just a reminder of how unattractive the rest of us are..
Yo! Remember the old Filthy Phil's?? Check it out tonight, it's now Catalina's and Dj's Trademark, Delikacy, and myself will be rocking...
All Guestroom renovations are now 100% complete
#nwp all are invited; DM; we practice M & T for W…
ah you gained many followers over night. Lol
haha I know!! but its catchy..... YMCMB
haha, well then dont EVER dump her
What a horrible game by the Heat. Battier and Wade's free throws are the main culprits
picking up a repaired machine
I like sitting down next to hot women, then I talk to myself to make it look like in talking to them hahaha
Right, people should know to queue in an orderly fashion to loot.
I'm seeing Can a Social Web of Things Keep TV Cords Connected #sxsw Bluefin Labs has some interesting data marrying social to TV viewing
Give us your thoughts on Guillen! Is his apology sincere? 248-848-1130
hey isn't it 's bedtime already?
Damn Cyrus is COLD!
By polluting clear water with slime you will never find good drinking water. Aeschylus
I need a new xbox this one is a piece of shit! ): and follow me please it will make me happy and I'll love you even more! (;
on myspace for a change instead of fb
ugh. write then lol.
Oh, this account is such a fail;)
I have to manage to show my mom a good time for mothers day with $13 and a quarter of a tank of gas. Wish me luck.
I can simply say I don't wanna be here anymore..
New Simmons GSLIS Dean's Fellow in the house - ! I'll be posting events, updates, pictures, and general awesomeness right here!
Sweet! It's raining and the lawnmower will lie silent for another day!
Dorothy day ought to be required reading for Christians. The long loneliness
RT : PRAYER FOR THE PEACE OF THE WORLD: May peace prevail on earth. May peace be in our homes and countries.
Watching the end of White Christmas. Totally NOT crying.
I had to get a cortisone shot in my elbow once.... Worse thing ever
5 minutes or 2 hours, doesn't matter as long as i get to hear your voice :)
The challenge of Brutalism is that it requires a more complex conversation about both urbanism & adaptation/change.
Courtney Upshaw: "To play with Ray Lewis, you dream of that one day."
No need to rusch into championship contention. Patience is king.
Good night
Are you looking for 'real' history, or historical fiction re: American Civil War?
Damn it pancakes bury that shit man!!!
I see you ninja.
what's that link to watch the glee episodes?!
that may not be the only thing he wants to touch. stay far far away
damn - thought u shoulda won that :(
explain The Sims mechanic in one tweet?
Ppl want to talk about ugly ppl and can't even look in the mirror on themselves
the man vs food guy has to take the biggest shits on earth
omg ... U didnt
Maiden Milwaukee and the Crazy 8s take home wins today. ( season opener)
Feel Better(:
Anybody in #HGHS got a dollar they could please give me ? :(
When I don't wana talk anymore I just annoy her cuz I know she guna say" You want me to just let you go?"
I want to be your Apprentice!!! when does that show come back on??---I love Celeb Apprentice Team TRUMP
holy shit you Ray Lewised her
Wrapping up our Culture and Sustainability fest with Rafique Keshavjee exploring Muslim examples of humanism via literature
Welcome to the Jets!!
It's been awhile since I've seen TBD on several dates of a concert itinerary. Turn one of those into Sacramento, Built To Spill.
I can barley move my body!!! Sore as hell o.O
This has been a really fun Valentine's Day. Good food and great company.
I wonder in what part of the show does Mourinho teach the kids the art of eye poking
we sounded like rocket scientists! Hell, I think I'm smarter in that state
And no poor woman would be in that bed...
A2: Traffic to website will happen organically if you show real expertise on your FB Page. Fans will seek out your services
Lo key I'm getting a pay raise
i couldn't dm you cause your not following me
#4famouswords "that's what she said"
I feel so sleepy 😒
yeah:/ well I gtg to bball I'll be back later so bye
packing, hit the road in the morning...
Terry McAuliffe is -7 fav to unfav in Virginia. Doesn't bold well for someone who has been running for 3+ years. We need someone else.
ok well I would like to partake in one of these bar events soon
Running the Career Center for Librarians at the MA Library Association annual conference!
Just you get a lil money, fame and few niggas behind you dont mean shit once a pussie always a one
imagine this in our application for voting, tax allocation & legislature database, any citizen, in any language..
One more day of April, then my fave month for #Indianapolis fun--May! What's your fave May event in #Indy?
noble effort from you to avoid talking about the facts :)
I think I'm gonna go for it today
If anyone cares, the first game of the 2011 ALCS will be tonight at 8:05pm on FOX. Rangers vs. Tigers (Wilson vs. Verlander).
Plan PURPOSEFULLY, prepare PRAYERFULLY, proceed POSITIVELY, pursue PERSISTENTLY!!!
Just a reminder the library will be closed this Sunday for Easter! Enjoy the holiday!
what up
Everybody rides her, she's just like a bus route.
i am so borad
Hey, do you still swim? I remember you were learning a while back.. There is healing power in the pool I tell ya!
It's my day to bring the beer for #beerfriday. I brought Ginger Ale. Ale means it's beer right?
Our lives are pretty much the same lol RT Sundays are tv gold: #MobWives, #LongIslandMedium, and
but this time you know when he does you are in a better place and no matter what he says it does not phase you because you happy
Come thru Friday. RT : Shall b there with 10 bad bitches looking like bags of money
Congratulations to Vancouver's Shawn Farquhar, new president of The Canadian Association of Magicians. He is also current world champion.
Just called and got the voicemail hm
We have installed a new HD projector, come check it out. We will be playing all the basketball games on it!
sorry it was born this size... Rude
Wake Forest and Texas Tech are a couple of teams that are desperate for a win. Should make for a good one to get the day started.
So high off of life right now. ^___^ lol.
Hung on well despite a pretty nasty schedule so far. Could be a very real possibility!
RT : Michael Dell is hosting live video hangouts around business stories says
is watching the debate and commenting... anyone else?
Today, April 19th is Allgood Elementary School Spirit Night from 5-8. Come out and show your support for Allgood!
I'm collecting a bunch of items for a service project i'm in charge of for hospitalized children and their families.
Daily Special #2, Fri 05/11/12 - Cup of chili & bologna sandwich (bologna fried if you like), white/wheat/rye, w/ chips. $4.99. Add slaw $1
Not that you should follow me, mind you, but I try not to do play-by-play. :)
Look forward to all new hoodies soon...
About to take a shower
Had a crazy night
Hope to see some of your faces at MURDERDEATHKILL tomorrow!
I'm sorry, did anyone else know that it's Friday? I'm confused, it feels like Monday to me...
im going to acting class today i guess its a long road ahead lets do it !!!
JUST ABOUT TWELVE MORE HOURS!!! AH!! So excited, but so sad to see it all end.
sick, depraved, and psychotic.
like one in a million
The trivia question is up on FB. Be the first to answer to win two tickets to Sunday's concert at MIT!
Noeleen: In crisis situations, there may be a dark horse at the company who ends up being a rockstar. Get more people media trained
Watching it's always sunny in Philadelphia because it's fuckin hilarious
People who use metaphors and similes are as annoying as fingernails scratching against a chalkboard.
yup,caught up on some sleep also lol
Why is Bombay always making terrible decisions in these movies?!
Sorry about that Sara. We are making pre-announcements on the blog about layout changes. So keep an eye out.
Good luck to our Chicago Run charity runners!
getting ready to have dinner with one of my old time favs. = )
Factoring can be a cost-effective way of outsourcing your sales ledger while freeing up your time to manage the business
Can't wait for IGNITION tonight! Message me if you would like to be on the VIP/guest list! Hurry I have until 11!...
no I'm serious lol I want some for real
Did I just hear Santorum criticize Iran for trampling the rights of gays, or was that a glitch on my livestream?.
I've just been promoted to Level 7 in #MobsterWorld. Beat me in the game!
Ozzie Guillen suspended 5 games. Don't know if it's enough. There are consequences for actions/words. He needs to think before speaking.
How the fuck did that happen
pleasure meeting you all at #uxcampdc - looking forward to catching up more! /cc:
and i know that you can find the time. indulge me. your cherry lips linger on mine. x]
MTV has gone from Music television to Maternity Television.
We humans are capable of greatness. - Carl Sagan
YES I have 3 ladies in NC!
Well i had higher expectations for tonight ..
Yeah he does but I thought they said he was three but if not
I've never heard you
Rainy days are boring days.
Want to know a secret? -J
We can't find any examples of fracking causing contamination of groundwater and we have looked says Gov. Hickenlooper
Amazing and profound. What a gift, Steven. Thanks for sharing.
It's sale day! Come out and see us Huntley Rd, Columbus 43229! Tons of stuff!
not if u dnt get caught! Lol
So I like somebody :P
Time to turn off all devices and I'm trying to think of a hilarious article I read recently about why that while "device off" rule is BS
missed out on the soft launch this eve - open rest of week before grand opening? Never sure how this works...!
force accountability, a more aggressive comment form submission process is required. too many users hide behind fake usernames
now that's an accomplishment!
*tears up* No
- and I LOVE to play sports!
MAMA'S BACK BITCHES
Gordon R. Dickson The quality of expectations determines the quality of our action.
yep, you too!
& now I'm following you :)
and is he related to Reid laymance?
Played outside and went on a walk with the kiddos :) coolin off inside watching some Mickey mouse.
aha you know it! lol hbu u still a black canadian? x)
ur near my new office but I'm w ur old work people. Side note - u might find me at ur door after work looking for Mischa :)
Page number issue solved. I could never in a million years replicate what I did, though, SO DON'T ASK.
Thanks! It's not official yet (no contract or paperwork submitted yet), but I have full intentions on competing.
Just discovered the 'Read Out Loud' function in Adobe Reader. Not advised for pdfs with code.
“: Yu rite but damn his team ain't doin shit but gettin they ass beat an drug cross Da damn court!”lol
:* thank you
When people say 'youre #political', why is it that most assume it's something negative? What happened to POSITIVE POLITICS? ():-D
I am sitting next to a dude with #meth mouth right now
The first recording studio I recorded in was in Mill Creek Pa. Gene Leone was the engineer.
RT : Just accepted to - I get to escape Texas heat for a couple days!
:) Thank you! SO good to be "back in the arts"
well, that's a good question....any positive developments?
I am too! It's gonna be amazing! I'm so excited! :]
Opening for public comments. Should be interesting
"Judge the old Indian way. Vote for your relatives!" :D
Why is the day after Thanksgiving called Black Friday?
RT : Another announcement about #thisisindianathebook coming tomorrow. Keep an eye on our tweets!
excellent work bro! keep it up man.
Causes Wish enables you to solicit donations for your cause in lieu of gifts for bdays, weddings, etc.
6:38 AM "#Mom here are my spelling words!" offers a 9yo HamSter.
I'm really disapointed that the show for tmrw was just cancelled.
I am coming home the 17th so I will be home soon enough! I can't wait to hear about your trip and just life in general!
i got ur mention to late.. whts up?
Hi, I'm DaSandra.
okay check ya dm
lol burned by Tim Cook
I can't let the bad thoughts get to me because when you let the bad thoughts come, you're weak. That's when they get you.
chillin with the boys, texans game, steelers game, frisbee golf, Then american fangs concert. How could u go wrong. hit me up to join in!
With the new online auction, you can decide the price you want to pay for surgery just by bidding and participating
“: Chloe and I are writing a kids play. We just created a character named Stryker Matthews.”
Thank you for inviting me! Had a great time. Wish I caught you again before you left.
A good a place as any to start would be with Amiri Baraka's "Somebody Blew Up America."
Love sleeping naked.
yes! That's something I miss doing with the advent of the iPod. Now I have to figure out all the lyrics myself!
Here, here! RT : Bourbon fans unite!
Knicks by 42 today after their coach resigns...seems like they're sending a message. Still doesn't make me a Knick fan though.
aww what a sweetie :)
Need some new people to tlk to bored as hell
get mad at him when idiots openly burn our American flag on the ground of our lovely country.
But one also hopes the institutions involved recognize their importance and figure out how to save their own records.
.thebullyproject.com fantastic! Shld b required viewing & orientation @ all schls
I will find you.
golden corral. Genius.
When are believe your dates out?
I promise NOT to klll Billy Chambers. -Huck
I'll be showing a CTV clip in class today and the U.S. Postal Service gave me a Canadian penny as change. I sense a developing theme.
I think addictive personalities are a real thing....see my running/Widespread Panic complex for a classic example.
bitching is so 09
I'm so frustrated right now. Do these people not understand the concept of a GROUP project? THAT MEANS E V E R Y O N E DOES THE WORK. Fuck.
no love.
honest spam comment: "while the sites we link to below are completely unrelated to yours, we think they are worth a read."
Jesus loves you! It's everybody else that thinks you're a c*&t
Fimally get my skinny dip on at
Ahh, NYC, today is one of those finest of days. Makes up for the heat and the cold. it's all about coolness
and the Bucky Wagon returns for Homecoming! I know you have been anxiously waiting.
No game will ever compare to Easter Sunday, but that five run comeback sure was fun!
It's crazy how the girl I thought was weird in 4th grade, is now my bestfriend, she's practically my sister, Who would have known. <3.
Sixers' top two players by PER (min 500 mins) are Lou Williams and Thad Young - and neither has started a single gm this yr.
Hope you can join us for Good Friday! It's been an awesome day! We have plenty of Coffee Cakes, Silver Dollar Rolls, & Hot Cross Buns!
doesn't matter if repairman fixes my 3 year old SAMSUNG tv. I will never buy another SAMSUNG product again.and I will continue to write this
Finna start my day
THANK YOU for helping spread the word! We can't wait to see you there next year! Namaste...
Haven't done any clinics yet, but have done private lessons. Had several inquiries for clinics. Maybe soon. Thanks for asking!
he was at bridgettes quince!
When I say "that's cute" all that really means is idgf about what your saying. I probably wasn't even paying attention.
whoa, i totally forgot about babyface! that guy is a genius.
My skin tone would best be described as translucent
Bros night out. Any smoking hot babes want to chill?
Divided We Fall no liberty and justice for all but a few
Enjoy $3.50 Stoli Mixers and $5 Specialty Martinis along with a Video DJ from 7:22 to Close. DON'T MISS OUT!!!
it was before she got there😳
graph-paper bedsheets with math done on them?
Tho I agree it's getting harder. I'm respectful of those who choose not to be religious, I just wish they were respectful of us.
I think watermelon with seed taste sweeter than seedless watermelon and the color is redder.
We'll be featuring our luscious Torta Misu on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Served with Coffee Toffee Ice Cream. Yum!
hey Austin ❤ hope you're having a good day(: #muchlove (:
What would you do with a FREE Business Mobile App? RT And let us know, best answer wins access to our ProdigyApp Beta Program!
one girl, that i have had feelings for, for the longest time. doesn't feel the same. kill me where i stand.
He's cute. He's tall. He's got gorgeous eyes. And a stunning smile. I didn't say a name, but he popped in your head, didn't he?
I'ma pass the frick out. I #love PM's.
You bet we did! Thanks for reading and forwarding.
is still my favourite band..... no one will ever beat them. too awesome.
The gangster route is a gangster route
you made an amazing choice! We miss having on our project.
Derby Street Greyhound Racing Tri Super carryover at present appears at $19,298.00 and growing!
likewise bro. I'll ask him to send you some snippets of his beats. What's your email
I will raise Mittens' bet 100% because #Boehner atrocious politics with debt limit is just his hatred for
grabby hands indeed! :)
I'm fabulous ^-^ just Alittle sick :/
my bf is the in contact with your people so I don't know. I'm the one who has been watching a broken $3000 Samsung tv for months
Um, Gavin is a little out of sync. But he trying though!
apparently you can sell gear for real money too? idk if i heard that right
Omg how many more days til midnight madness or BB madness ??????
RT Samsung's Galaxy Tab said to be debuting at IFA next month: We'd already heard that Samsung's 7-inch Android-based... h
Anxious/excited for the Badger game today -- love this time of year! Spring training, improving weather and the Big Dance.
Let the rain fall down & come in clean
Thanks for the RT(s). We love you!
is there some kind of curse on Neuromancer never getting filmed/staged? I finished reading it. It was good! Go cyberspace.
Stuck in this Orlando morning traffic on I-4. I love it!!!!!
I'm still I'm love with you
Monster jam>>>
Trying to listen to #libmade but we're short staffed today :(
What was your worst vacation experience?
Is there a rule about eating in the press box? I've seen some writers I know couldn't go 9 w/o eating.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. - Leo Buscaglia
A mistake is simply another way of doing things. - Katharine Graham
Happy Birthday!! Have a great day!! :)
naw bro that's all you!
Who needs National Grilled Cheese Day to obsess over gooey melted cheese? Try your next on Cinnamon Raisin bread. You won't regret it!
oh okay..have fun..haven't heard from you....
thanks! I'm still figuring this thing out.
Just found out is DJing at Outside Lands! I'm totally name dropping you the whole festival. Cool Points, skyrocketing.
Wish adria or was up soo we can talkk!!!
#Ozzie: I" was trying to say that I was surprised [Castro] was still in power. But the first word that came out of my mouth was love."
yep, still
Cutting ma hair and gettin sum pink highlights
#missrepresentation. Finally got to watch it. Good to see gigi Durham in it. I will be on a panel to discuss it on my campus
Atleast I don't need Viagra to keep me up
Nights like these make me want to nab 's #TranceMusic collection to help me sleep.
Detailed lists of info lit competency came from Delphi study 1992. Least controversial standards that the most experts agreed upon
Yeah! I love it!
what size are yours? I'm not too sure if the sizes run big or small.
I want to eat something delicious, I just can't pin point what that is.
I can understand that since you've done it to one of my dear friends yourself Blake. lol You act so innocent.
Congrats on the new car!
OMMGGG! they showed part of BF video on THE VOICE and I WAS LIKE going insane! It looks so good! BELIVE ALBUM JUNE 19TH!
Kinda wanna go play on the courts on lane so then I can be like Charles Barkley on space jam "can I play?!" and then get my shit tossed. Lol
this is why you're my girlfriend ❤
Happy Easter Tweeps!
Professional wrestling is real and the Internet is fake.
Lol conceited much? Just realized you're no longer a "Handsome Ass Nigga"
Just saw my nephew sing in Forever Plaid at Hesston College. He was AWESOME!
New Orleans in T-minus 55 hours. Where to eat and drink first?
awesome :D
Like this page, have a chance to win 250$ in tattoo time. www.facebook.com/churchtattooart
Was really stoked to give free copies of Kindred to African-American folks who hadn't heard of Octavia Butler!
Follow to be in tune with the latest entertainment news
Gotta love a little Saturday Night #NASCAR racing
BROKE NIGGAS BEEF REAL NIGGAS EAT
My sis went to school for as year in Boston! Next time you need a session, hit me up & I'll let you know when I'm in NY next.
Up Early! Wish i didnt have school today lol
Farm life sucks sometimes - down 3 ducks with only 1 remaining - guess the fox has to eat too :(
Evidently I haven't retained a single piece of information anyone has given me in the past 2 weeks
I really like using alias locate='mdfind -name' for locate. I'm not sure why locate doesn't use spotlight by default on osx.
#FF Runners & Travelers Edition
yes, what can I do? Anything for you Ed!
“: Success is not permanent. The same is also true of failure.”
I'm going to try to take a nap... Peace!
When u turn all the lights of in ur house and ur at the bottom of the stairs (first reaction) RUN LIKE HELL
Getting nails done with Leslie (bride), her mom, and May (bridesmaid) for Leslie's wedding tomorrow!!
So u should definitely follow me back, pls & thanks=)
Hey there - there's no cover for the Beer Olympics - it is FREE :) And beers are 5 for $10. First beer is $1 w/like&rsvp on FB.
If you fuck w/ me goodluck!
it was a very emotional day in sports yesterday
Every since I got an iPad, my iPhone seems so tiny.
Time for Melo to step up. No more excuses. We need him 2 play like the 3 good players we gave up for him. Melo fans No More Excuses.
What's up tweeters! We have a huge update coming tonight so check back later!!
Chopped on the Food Network is my show !
We loved your words! RT : Kind of mind-blown that actually quoted me!
lol...I'll share with a smart, sexy, cool companion....soon :)
Thank you!
Thank you for bringing into my life. It's the highlight of my sunday morning at the office.
gold shit was dope!
TONIGHT! "The Reserve" w/ RomanZawodny (Naked Lunch, Mad Hatter) New Techno Monthly at Seattle's Contour Club - March 25th- Club Contour
Just can't seem to get into the groove of writing today... looked at a prompt and still nothing... BLAH!
Happy #FF Thanks for tweeting us this week!
sabotage our Love..I can only take so much more than my hear's got.I can only live for the moment.Why I'll never knw it
oh, nice one Paul. Hey give me a buzz in the near future would ya! I got some news for ya.
welp; THAT was a waste of gas. . ;(
WHAT is with the #libssuck hashtag? Librarian ANGRY!
I think & I will be around if you want to leave w/ us to watch football.
Wishing a speedy recovery! Get Well Soon! <33
Celts are killing me right now
But only if we can still have cheap champagne and chocolate pudding
Why is it that you follow me yesterday and today when I go to check you out, you no longer follow me? Did I say something wrong?
U make the day, don't let the #day make u!
Are you actress? :)
angels live high we just live but how do u live.
just watched the TED talk & that's why I followed you! great message, perhaps we can collaborate
RT :Say,“The water of Fukushima Nuclear Plant,we are sorry to make you suffer. Please forgive us. We thank you & we love you.”
I've never seen one like that before. You amaze me.
Flying home to indiana just in time to watch the hoosiers. Cant wait.
Is it me, or is kicking a perverted guy in the testicles fun?
we did it because we love you. And cutoffs=jorts. Make up your mind, man.
Hell yeah! I'll call you after I'm finished with my meetings downtown. Should be finished after 5p.
should i do ed sheeran or coldplay for my next cover?
Planning to visit the east coast in May
I've never understood the surround yourself with the most inexperienced people mentality. A strong team will make you (your brand) stronger.
I need my fuckin phone smh
#thatawkwardmoment when you forget people are around you and you start singing out loud!
Life just gets curiouser and curiouser
alabama verse florida.
Finally..# Xalatan to go generic March 2011. Patients should save a lot of $.
cancel golf... It's date night
Damn I can't handle this, come to Denver Manning!
Maybe Cuz i also invited Kim Ale & Karen over but Karen doesn't wanna come.
Must Read: Enchantment by Guy Kawasaki ()
Now if I only had cable. :) RT : Leave the gun, take the canoli.
I really need to get up & do something productive, but this couch is so comfortable & its cold out there.
oh no you didn't homeboy.. you are a hoe fo' sho
thought I was gonna quit smoking. didn't go so well
I mean..Mmmquela ": I'm wearing a 2xl shirt and it fits me lol"
RT : I'm making a new website for women called www.weavesR'us.com lol real shit just sell for da low get mad bread
Just finished reading Crush It! for the 3rd time! It's AWESOME! Thanks so much for sharing your passion!
until they're told they can't practice any faith or join any church. Then it's important.
Yes! I don't think I'd heard him before. Dylan Bates.
Wrote a memo explaining why some of my conference reimbursement receipts look funny.
Hm, that I'm not sure of. If you find out, let us know!
sounds good can't wait!
Fact #2: i taught myself how to tumble.
I think that is why I keep coming to trivia - to remember all the things I forgot - and then promptly forget them again.
VENT1: They raided a flea market in Baltimore for knock off accessories; but have never raided a Chinese restaurant for fake meat!
Tomb Raider and Bioshock Infinite have been delayed until next year. :(
