ok, good to know!
at the same time i dont want to take anything away from you, cause you do a good job and show good interest keep working hard!
You got it! Keepin it legit in BK!
Congratulations SURF resident for the investment offer. The growth has already begun!
how's the weaning going? I had an idea for you that may or may not work. when you sit down to nurse bring a sippy w/ milk
Good Morning! Made it home safe and sound! Now dreaming of a White Christmas, but we're getting rain! Come on Snow.....
Creating a new personal injury site/blog for a Washington attorney at www.lynnwoodpersonalinjury.com
Thanks man!:) What's new?
I hate Mac Miller >:]
Congrats to my cousin Jamar Howard that just signed with the New York Giants.
Right? Pandora is awesome. I've tried other music services, but that's the one I use most.
Stephenson, Reamde. Gaming, terrorists, kick-ass heroes, lots of gunfights, breakneck pace. An awesome way to blow off last minute shopping.
Thanks for the follow Mike! We just heard there's a frost warning here in NY, we could use a cruise to someplace tropical
Just left the hospital where Mama actually said, "I don't hurt." Time for me to get reacquainted with my pillow. Peaceful nights, all.
Did anyone know that dandelions can grow to be about 4 ft tall?? I was weeding at my swim club today and I saw some with multiple heads!
getting my #grill on
Happy bday to , born in 1894. Graham was the 1st choreographer to employ Asian & African American dancers
Got a match today wish me luck people??xx
visit wilson's hot tamales for full online menu
and the cheese fries! So yummy
I hardly ever tweet but had to give props to
Gonna have some fun this weekend ;)
i would never burn fried chicken. pfffft, that's not in my cook book :)
Good luck !!
When people try to act smart <<<
That's what it's all about!!!
Many thanks to Don Mee Choi for visiting two of my classes and for talking about poetry and translation. Thanks for being brilliant!
What's so great about this lottery. Even if you win you still gotta fight 23 kids in a bloody fight to the death along a woody brook.
dang! Well send an email to and let me know time and location!
is about technology. Follow us on Twitter. Don't forget to come to retreat for iPad and netbook drawing. Must be present!
The bats are ALIVE once again..hope they keep it up
Hook him up, Tweeps!RT : Four followers away from 2,000 ? Am I going to be like Moses, never to see the promised land ?
Good morning! Gonna be a fun day-6 students are coming in to rehearse the #choir. 2nd rehearsal with new music...
RT Say hello to your mother for me. | LOL
“: Don't want to live just to pay my bills or get paid to sit still #gameface ” amen brother
": doctors, scientist,teachers..." I'm a #fan of yeezy but that looks like a front if he tweet this while being a "Music Artist"
#FundaySunday! Here’s your fun: $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups and here’s your sun:
thanks Kole! what do you think so far?
Summer is the best. Can't wait for my family to come see me!!
Hi all, I am up before 7 am and everyone else in the house...what do I do now?
We are booking a lot of shows for the spring/summer time, where would you like to see us play!?
America, I am about building wealth not re-distributing wealth, not breaking the will of the people, building the will of the people
no, no it's not. you're doomed.
you mean the glasses?
Why don't they make a heated body pillow? (like heated to 97.5 human temp) for all the single lonely people.
indeed big sis :)
Never have I ever walked through starbucks and not seen someone I know
Screw the office lotto pool.... I'm wasting way too much money on my own tickets! LOL
but the way we're going...lol
So what im getting a new bed set or what? I think yes, & apparently so does my mom.
Only took you five minutes to make that joke!
You forgot the hashtag. RT : I'll be the guy going "IT'S PRONOUNCED GIRDLE!!!"
Going to update my blogs. Starting with my literature blog.
The making of Ponzu sauce is clearly a Ponzi scheme.
They just called a moving screen. First time they have made that call all year.
Kinda.. Yes. p.s. I owe you a text message!! haha.
oh fun stuff!
some things never change old friend. Miss you! xoxo
Listening to some to set the mood ...
Cat in my butt space.
good cuz if it was yours u better get hammertime lol
yeah! Congrats!
Peace and love
Ah love her so much. i wish i was still there and we could swoon together and get our favorite books signed!!!
Oh, Eva. I am so, so sorry.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY TO ALL YOU SPECIAL LADIES!!!!!!
lol I guessed but I wanted to see your pretty face! Say Hi to everyone! x
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
where are you?
Can anyone help me load Angry Birds on my PalmPilot? If so hit me up on my pager...
The moon isn't up yet and it's really concerning me
Too bad there is no 30 minute mark (guess we can try 10 minutes into the 2nd). A countdown Marty sucks chant would be quite nice.
I cannot get over that. I can't spend over a hundred bucks so people can wonder if i bought the wrong size or it's like that on purpose.
Today is the big day! Tonight is Steve Martin and The Steep Canyon Rangers performing at Going to be a full house!
I tried view source, it looks like difference.theinfo.o calls Google image search via Javascript. cc:
So easy to get lost inside a problem that seems so big at the time
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily !
it allows you to easily look at posts and articles from multiple media sites like FB, tumblr, blogs, twitter, etc.
38 days until nationals!!!
DEE!!!!! ME TO AH!!!-----when r u coming-- nobody is here in Dallas soo Bored so Im working like everyday at Fitch aha
"Break That Single!" supports indie music at its finest. The show starts from 6pm-9pm @ 4700 maryland pkwy. & Tropicana @ the Freakin Frog
Socializing is always a good excuse. BTW, books on tape FTW on long drives. Especially since your train reading days are over. ;)
Hey hey!
#ForrealThough!! ": One Direction = Reason why my homework is never done."
Two of our guys rode Ft. Ben yesterday and loved it! Who else has been there - what do you think?
what did you think of tonight's episode?
Let's get Sarah Silverman and Jimmy Kimmel back together.....Mr. President and First Lady
yup, and you're my favourite asian.
instead of saying f*ck say firetruck because it starts with f and ends with uck
Joe Biden on Face the Nation. Makes a good argument for having saved GM and jobs of auto workers.
Are you going to make it to the town hall tonight?
If you have enough $ to buy a lot of stuff, you should have enough $ to hire professional movers. #I'mNotHelpingYouMove
"Remember that the person trying so hard to convince you that they're the good guy is really just the devil in disguise." EVERYTHING IN TIME
Thanks Gonzalo, a great job done today. Thanks for the insight on speech writing
Planning some fun events for !
you slayed that I Don't Give A verse!!!
Every dentist should change their name to P. Sherman. Just sayin'.
Not good....going to Pete's Market on the weekend.
for all our troups and there families... THANK YOU!!! HAPPY 4TH OF JULY MY TWEETER FRIENDS!
hahahahaha hell I'm wit chu m-rose
Here if you need me.
@ Mrbeat_itup is playing Mike Tyson Punch Out @ Nintendo throwback classic
Wedbush starts Facebook with outperform rating
<3 RT : Quote of the night. "I've got all this built up pimperism in me."
Why is it so bright outside?
VIDEO UPDATE: Just wrapped the shoot for the new video - Dropping Friday!
#ThankYouCody for raising my standards for boys! I am looking for a gentleman! btw it's totally cool if he's Australian!
Merry Christmas to all my friends and family around the world!
some truck in the trees off the bypass
I'm in now thank you much!
let me marry you.
can someone recommend good Ultra-esque songs that'll get me pumped up?
Poppy, how are you doing? Have a great trip - enjoy.
Lost Joey Ramone 11 years ago today. Not as auspicious as 100 years, but no less important.
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods. It is the bane of every homeowner’s and real estate investors’ exis
The ian laperriere puck to the face replay might be one of the hardest ever to watch
Hey sweets! I love youu! I was reading yo tweets;) smile(: I love you(:
Hey! I've been great! What about you? How's Stanton been treating you?
Official launch date *October 1st, 2011*
At my sister softball game! I miss playing ⚾👏❤
Once again it's Ruby Tuesday here at Laughing Buddha! 2 piercings for the price of 1 today until 9 o'clock. come get some new holes in you!
The keys to a successful NFL draft viewing experience if you are a Dolphins fan, by Jordan Geary. #1: Abandon all hope before the first pick
too soon for details. Got contracts to sign Should have an announcement in the next few weeks!
When I Wanna Talk, #OOMF Never Ready. When They Wanna Talk, Im Always Latee.
karma is a bitch well just make sure that bitch is beautiful
My teacher just made our final optimal. I pray I don't need this final!!!
Thank you! Will you be at the 100 Years of Freud's Schreber event the 10th? I will. First time in Dublin. Recommendations?
: I got you taco bell ...
Can't wait! #wooh!
You always know you'll have a great #friskyfriday when you get to share a beautiful picture like this one! :-)
LaRussa is going to outhink himself
#20thingsaboutme green... My eye color. My favorite color. And my cousin's last name. Haha
Stupid outlet placement Fountain View!
Dammit Bryan!!! This is why you put him in the basement where he gets no signal!!!!
Would be curious to know if he encourages/requires women in his congregation not to vote.
Um and that is all folks. Non stop today. Night
Fraser says Dodd wasn't reached out to by commission he could've been part of
listening to music I don't have on my iPod but its mostly spanish apngs im listenin 2 and no I don't like Facebook =/
love to check out the new ebook on wordpress when it is ready...
RT : A person is limited only by the thoughts that he chooses #quotes James Allen
Cory Booker is dreamy.
that is good! My son similar great in math, loves science. Struggles in writing. Uses technology too :) wish I had in school!
shuld be suspended/fined for inappropriate behavior! That can't be NFL standards. SHAME ON YOU GOODELL You should be fired!
#honored, Ms B, thanks for the mention!
Is rotfling at Matthew doing dancedancerevolution hottest party too
The awkward moment when you see that "Jerry Meals" is trending and all you can think of is Justin Bieber's d*ck. Smh....
Ever since I watched The Adjustment Bureau I've been getting paranoid.
Broadway Diner @ Fayetteville : like always, it was so D-LISH! Thanks for hosting the Brand fam tonight.
trouble on my mind
Why do I always do something wrong :'(
I hope Barrett keeps using this "Civil War' talk in all of his speeches. It's going to go over like a fart in church.
We're back tomorrow! Are You Ready!
I'm jealous :(
Sometimes I kinda wish there were more girls in my #JiuJitsu class, but I'm starting to think that it's better to only train with guys. Hmm.
Thank you so much. You have been a big help!
Since when is the word Crazy to long to say?? No people say Cray instead! Lamesauce
GOOD NEWS! CIGARETTE JUICE!
#ihatewhenpeople try to be something their not
aww I hate that lol that's why I tend to work alone on reports lol
u still goin?
“: how the fuck does everyone on a crashing skydiving plane die? just jump out like you were going to!” LOL
i thought they were just raising my rates again, but this one was a doozy. sigh. what a pain.
Truth. "The world is a stage, and most of us are desperately unrehearsed." - Oscar Wilde
Drastically trying to cut down my wardrobe (i.e crap I don't wear) before the move. Best place to donate clothes? Goodwill? Purple Heart?
#SOA - Sons Of Anarchy baby!!!! #SAMCRO rules!
wow, nothing in my e-mail box:-)
right Kangaroo McRoberts :p
Hey bout to go see my baby cuzins Amber and Winnie!!! They r so sweet
Like I've said all year, if the frickin Mavericks could beat em, anybody can.
Yes, indeed. Even the burps taste good. Thanks again!
Looks like a warm weekend colorado. Give us a ring if you need copier or printer services. 303-778-0600
Enjoy! Send pics!
Not in the mood to deal with anybody today. If you make me mad and try to argue with me, the end results won't be pretty.
#BestThingAboutBeingSingle you don't have to worry about a broken heart <3
We fill up our baskets, get back home/feel rich, relax, I throw it a scrap and it hums.
RT Like seriously....yall are a TRIP!!!// lmao we have no sense at all!!! Everyday its something new!! Lol
DC Beagles welcomes its 500th 'Like' today. Arooooo!
Whoops. Accidentally let the first episode of expire in my queue. Guess I'm not watching this season. Like everyone else.
Truth! Grad School fail RT Big fan of contacting people to fill a requirement, and those people not responding. Gotta love it.
you do realize one of them was me. .. of course I was fun and good.
Going to Brandon Wells Twitter class! It should be cool!
RT I just wanted to say that I love you and your one of my favorites on Mobwives!!!
Sorry to say I think that person has now become extinct!
i hope blops2 has some super high ks in it because that is the only reason i play now haha
We're at the #techexpo today in Tally!
Maicon didn't get a card for that celebration?
Here's a shocking fact for you. Did you know that over 1 billion tires are produced annually in over 400 tire factories globally? Wow!
We go together like Hamburger & French Fries #Gucci !! Lmao
This may be the last transmission ever sent. System failing. Reset. RESET!
I'm thinking of going Gothic Lolita inspired by Mary Magdalene. Not the brand;the actual person xD all these ideas are zooming!
Can we put this absurdity to bed: drives a 4 door Jeep not a Land Rover.
If every day started with a 90 minute yoga class 'd have a stress free life!
Do you like satin panties? Do you want to help fight breast cancer? Check out our website today (www.undawareness.com). Make a difference.
This just came on my dashboard, btw.
hey I am in that movie!!!!! Plz
Lord, my eyes are on YOU.
You may say FUCK GRAY but at least he won the primary and put FENTY's lame ass to shame. by the way FUCK FENTY!!!!!
live twitter streaming isn't yet available on GeoCommons. perhaps we can set you up with a demo server
🙏RT : Maybe we should've had prayer meeting before the game game because the crowd is rather dead.
Any suggestions? RT : Question for MRI folks - what public repositories for imaging data do you use/recommend?
RT - Taylor is so sweet at the Miami Dolphins Game :)
too hot ufff
AWW SKEET SKEET SKEET GOD DAMN
the QUEEN has returned
Good luck on AP Government tests today!
I think that is the new definition of progressive
if your profile pic is 12 years old and looks like a warhol painting... please jump off a bridge. haha
The rain got u wet now and if I keep on pushin u'Ll be cummin!!
Give free desserts up to 10 people at Elephant Bar. www.facebook.com/ElephantBar - Like their page and click on Give a free Dessert on left
ANYONE want to help me get 200 followers LEMME KNOW!
OMG I need a tie-dye cat tee shirt!!
ASDFGHJKL WHAT IS THIS.
Reading a copy of Isaac's Storm from the about the 1900 hurricane in Galveston as recommended by Totally absorbed.
who knows...nut I get the feeling they like NY better.
dumb girl junps out in front of my car to hail the cab behind me. wow.
he's just bummed he didn't think of them!!
The best thing any person can do is to be honest!! It's not rocket science. 😒
Really good feedback from our #German course. '..how enjoyable and useful the course has been so far. Don’t know where the two hours went.'
Wal-Mart imagines ever-changing social networks of in-store shoppers
I like it... good job by you. I'm already in Steeler mode. Sending season ticket $ this week. ;)
The site will be down for a short period of time this afternoon, due to scheduled maintenance. Stay tuned!
I slept too long. -_- setting an alarm clock from now on.
I am reading the hunger games and i just finished chapter 25 and i am crying my eyes out! so now me bed has a large wet spot.
what you talkin bout
just follow me you dickhead
Bahahhahaha. I just love you, Allie! :)
it is a human habit!
Im doing good! How are you? How was your day?
are you guys giving any more chances to win tickets ?!
That's how you got to do it!
LOL its okay I was too!! :)
Arrived home yesterday after the Big Trip to find the #Alpocalypse waiting for me! Thanks ! You've outdone yourself...again!
thank you!
Brought on by the protesters perhaps ;)
Also my school is shutting down its Loop campus during G-8/NATO summits. I'm going to be out of town anyway, but it's an interesting move.
“: Got a good head on my shoulders. I know a lot of low life people that'll never make it anywhere in life”
Like me to send you a song just ask
How'd it go? Did FB chat work well?
that awkward moment when you get a friend request and its mr miranda LMAO
I know you're not suggesting… no, you couldn't be… I mean, I really could never imagine… hypocrisy in politics?
Come to surrender tonight.. Only
Things are so much better than they used to be.
we're all hungover and at brunch
ACT tomorrow..need to be comfortable.. I'm thinking
and double team was one slacked and two guarded Jacoby. Then we had to guard you after those killers 3's
The awkward moment Zayn has longer eyelashes than a girl with mascara on.
": Okay, first off, I want to drop acid with Roger Sterling... #madmen"
Oh shoot! Well, you know me, looking to be your own personal assignment editor ;)
Crash I-5 SB on the Interstate Bridge... right lane blocked... Fire on scene. That ties it up back to SR-500.
I believe if u do it quickly an know how to pop it back in
What does #education mean to you?
Happy Birthday :*
has a few open dates for #college #campus #university #speeches this spring. Learn from the top #internship expert in US
Love the front page ap from ... wasted an hour already sampling 1A's from around the globe
i blame you and I thank you :-)
u tell him then
I knew he'd come around. I have an extra #SoundersFC scarf - interested?
oh! Thats so scary!
and see how quick my response is??!!!! Thank you!
Pretty sure I hear someone playing Words With Friends.
Yes..ill call you..can't wait to get caught up ! RT : you in town???
Democracy is free; gov costs $. Show me a gov prog & I'll show u a bankrupt prog. Pushing indebtedness 2 my kids isn't fair.
and no less than "Voodoo Child"! “: who'd have thunk we'd hear hendrix in a talk on robots? #basf11 ”
Happy Independence Day!!!
But I LOVE chocolate right out of the freezer; to each her own, I guess The difference between...
You too! I'm so ready for the weekend!. LOL
whoa! That sounds awesome. We need a Maine version.
Haters hate cause they love who they hate. Cause if they really hate, they wouldn't really care about who they hate. Confusing right? :)
I HOPE EVERY1 HAS A GREAT DAY!
Thanks. See you at the finals Sunday!
Wearing a pair of Haley Reinhart's American Idol short shorts, Steven Tyler showed off his 63-year-old smooth legs in Maui on Wednesday
Would it be too outgoing if I walk up to this cute dude who always stares at me& say, "I just want to tell you hi"
Looks just like him doesn't it????
"Everything is an illusion..."
Come out to Bohemian Caverns tonight!! The BCJO will be swingin' the way we do every Monday night! 8pm-11pm...Only $7 cover!!!
Im pretty sure my dad threw my cloths in the hallway and then yelled at me because I left them there .....
wrapping, packing, shipping and then on to more packing before my Christmas Midwest Tour.
I already have an Irish friend! Right ? (;
Not high maintenance ...
RT : Drinking decaf coffee is like moving in with your girlfriend- What are we doing? Where is this going?
Hockey weekend coming up. Gotta catch Tri-City. Let's go Hawks!!
What could be better then the beach and movies... Stay tuned for the L.B.I. international film festival schedule!
ahh I know! :x
True. RT : There's a high number of unreasonably attractive and well-dressed people at this year.
May the Fourth be with you!
A-Rod and J-Roll?
#allin GAME ON
Thank you my brother I appreciate it God bless you.
Tustin/Orange County has more interactive SalesTouch systems than any city in the US; thank you for your confidence in us!
Special thanks to
Helicopter dick.
Eric Edwards, on Board of Directors for Dialysis Patient Citizens, is telling his own powerful story on living with kidney disease.
I will take care and happy mothers day
My fav was the rockfish, squid w/ beets in the walnut broth. Loved it! But the menu always changes!
how is your day going?? :)
Movie night to finish off the weekend.. Heather.Renee.Wells.<3
Hate seeing Arsenal win, love seeing City lose. #Conflicted but Arse winning wins out so bo
Hope all the USA Curtin's (and families) had wonderful Thanksgiving Celebrations!
The Starbucks Mocha Cookie Crumble is so good!
haha that's amazing. we might just have to write a song called mechanical smile (;
Thanks for sharing, hope you enjoyed!
NOSOA - Sudbury was devastated by the industrialization, Industrial-city was an attack to all world classical cities
yo i would have but I just felt like it was too much. Like, he was just trying to have a nice dinner
The "Rock Dog Revolution" cd cover is getting tweaked into place.
It is never too late for chocolate. Just as it is never too early.
aww man! im gonna take it off -_- Lmaoo . Jk, its good so far :)
thank you for following
I just finished a 1.48 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
yeah, we're gonna have to get that; although, i'm a little sad they didn't figure it out sooner
ohhmyyygooshh no!!!! :c
#JMS310W Instapaper is uh-mazing! ($4.99 for the app, but totally worth it!) Thank you!!!!
Awee, thanks, I added you up on my other account, cause the other one seems having a bit problem. :)
- hi Lauren! Your headline still says shows you at workbridge...you *may* wanna change that. :)
Huh, going to have to check out and ...
Just woke up and looked in mirror. I can't decide if I look more like a hooker or a tranny.
Getting ready for #truckaroo this Friday down at the - Tons of DC food trucks and 3 awesome bands!
Did you learn nothing from me and the Suzie Qs'
Too true. RT better things: access to birth control, marriage equality, ;)
Choosing time is more than a song... it's real life..
come over to buddy guys. I'm here by stage! :)
I know, right? We might have to get used to it for a while, though.
Insomnia is your body's way of asking for an orgasm.
I am at OAH. I'll see if I can find Sue Ferentinos to say hello for ya. Maybe she'll find me.
Do you ever wish you lived on a nude beach?
#10thingsaboutmyself I forgive, but never forget.
Let your mind wander.
I remember you. How's it going?
the Hilton is excellent - felt like royalty. I burned the last of my pts there before moving on to hyatt.
um followin u mam. Can u please follow back
Cheers to you & your Blur comrades. Sick. Work.
The group is open to anyone. Go to Linkedin groups and search for "pay per click email marketing".
Awkward cause it never happens..... 😒👊
don't have your number
Your perception is your reality. Cool, huh? Means you can change it....
sure where are you?
Then we must use the power of the Internet & Social Media to tell the truth. Thank you for speaking it.
. thanks for paying it forward!
so mad my whole body fucken hurts, i had athletics today! :(
Is it finally Friday? Does Friday come after Thursday? What comes next? If only there was someone who could explain this complex system!
oh you're still in escuela ~_~ waiit, so when do you go to the gym? You go before school or something?
uh huh
is recovering from a long day at city council and trying to catch up on a TON of messages and work.
&quot;How to Make an Email List That Will Get Major Conversion Rates,&quot; From ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
No one is filth, and no one deserves to be covered in it.
Where do u find Dem? SCREW
I'm a TAURUS ... Once I stop giving a fuck... Shxt just got REAL
All I have is my strength...once I lose my will to continue, I might as well cease to exist! My only wish is that I end up on Gods list
GOOD video dude...
Oakland is going to redraft him. The future of the Dolphins is Ryan Leaf, they gotta bail Gina out first though...
why am i still awakee? lol whatever, going to get f0000d.
I really want to tell you how I feel about you, but I want it to be at the right time, and the right moment.
#Steelers offense just took a huge hit. I'm no doctor, but not sure how Big Ben plays again this year with a backwards foot.
Have a Bobby Bar, my Dad made them
So sad about Davy Jones of The Monkees passing away. Grew up w them #Davy Jones
RT : >7,000 Journos searching for sources on LinkedIn. Are your execs' profiles on there & up to date?
Why does everyone text when handling buisness. Get on the phone and make the deal DAMN
HI Larry, yup & its a 2008 one. #ALEC wasn't discovered as (I guess) it was hiding as a non-profit.
Nothing beats a Quick burger!
Wonder how many times my relationship status gone change in the next week
RT : These are the two teams I hate the most in the game
No problem!! =) Follow back please? :)
Reminder: VHM will be screening "Weapons of the Spirit" Sunday @ 3:00 pm.
Class in 4 hours and havent been to sleep yet ..
LOL will read it in a bit!!
A successful organization: only half of it is business sense. The other half is organizational health
to be honest I could care less one way or the other. I doesn't affect me in a bad or good way
Let the insanity begin! .8 behind 1st.
Hate to get up early? Wear your workout clothes to bed and get your sweat on as soon as you wake up.
so jealous of all these SD/ #MW2012 tweets.....
Hi , did you get my message yesterday? I've been in touch with our development team and have some news.Thx.
i'm ok just deciding on what to eat for dinner - i cant decide!!!!
#H2SCambioLive Enter To The Pagee... Enjoy it
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you. ~ Jeffrey Gitomer
Happy 18th Birthday Trayvon Martin 😘 R.I.P Hun 😔
Spec. Prosecutor Corey seems to be thanking & gladhanding everyone. Is she running for an office?
RT/follow for disaster news, facts & awareness, survival tips, contests & giveaways, preparedness hints, and more from FastPreparedness.com
Had a great time. Thank you!
My mother f'en irritates me!
RT“: Having a penis is sometimes really annoying.” so true
I saw Mrs Smith today hahahaha freshman science was so fun lolol (':
I retweet so much.
has directed the #Wisconsin Dept. of Workforce Development to create a minorty unemployment task force for
I'm just going to say it: Fuck companies who offer unpaid internships but demand that interns work 30-40 hours/week. It's disgraceful.
The OSBLN is happy to announce our next "Sunday Evening Sports Talk Speaker," from & #BaAM on Mar.25 7:30pm J200
says u want her gina
hey BOL, r u guys at DEFCON this year ?
Teacher held my Research Project as if it was trash -_____- wow
Hope Jennifer, is HAVING A WONDERFUL BIRTHDAY. You are an INCREDIBLE WOMAN, LOVE YOU!
Aw, but still try to have good 1D dreams xD
: J's Taxi Dispatch is Offering Airport Transportation- Downtown to airport $30.00 916-501-8171 Shared via TweetCaster
O.o wow, I wish I had that problem -_- how do u have all this blood? It should be inside of you, you need it
gotta love em [:
get that heat
But I lacked courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was boring and she was hopelessly fascinating.
Idk where tf my head is at...
Still debating the perfect gift to give a friend? There's no sweeter gift than Joe Bucks!
it makes me crazy!
Watching old Eyedea battle vids.... Wads a supremely talented kid. RIP
gala for #SOMAgraduation is under way! Everyone looks so elegant and happy.
Today turned out to be quite traumatic really...I think I deserve some almond milk ice cream
Any San Francisco dates?
My sister said that this chick on 16 and pregnant has a busted face lol, don't they all or?
Agreed! RT Thx to everyone who came came out 4 #travelmassive last night. Was the best 1 yet!
you'd have to be!
just know that you won't be missed
The only problem with advocating the firing of David Gregory is that we could end up with Chuck Todd...
Young Jeezy and T.I. Open The 2011 BET Hip Hop Awards
RT : Tonight is a night of announcements! We're very close to an amazing opportunity to use TV to change lives. Can't wait...
wow how do you stay in the air so long?
EMWW .0039 x .005 Still trading well looking for a big move...
Less than 15% of the population takes time to write down their goals. Almost 100% of successful people do write them.
“:"as an artist it's your obligation to bridge the gap between your humanity and your divinity"best line yet #tedxnashville”/AGREED
I hope some of you will be able to attend and participate in our inaugural $10k GTD event. July 9th 1pm
Our signing at begins in a little over an hour! Will we see you there?
Artists ask "what might I do with that knowledge?"
sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep
RT MSNBC's Mark Halperin calls President Obama a "dick" on live TV. Enjoy the strip search/tax audit Mark!
don't you get paper cuts fuckin her
It's ok man I won 500 dollars this weekend in a cod tourney
Its not becoming at all.
Thanks to our signers: , , , and Patric Reynolds.
It could be worse. You could be having Jamaican Jerk Chicken or Irish Corn Beef and Cabbage..... or Canadian Bacon, eh?
I'm at legroom for hump night! Come out and join me till 4am!
Ugh, not John Harkes...how can you have such a classy Ian Darke together with the terrible Harkes?!?
I LOVE YOUR FACE!!!
check out our free climate change program. You can bring it to any a school. We will send you everything you need!
sweet deal! I figure I'm doing pretty good for only being 22 lol
ERPP would reserve one side of a block for cars with parking stickers. Parking stickers would go to people in that neighborhood.
Off to Rainbow Art Glass, to buy more goodies for the class I'm teaching at Thompson Park :)
do you still remember us? The mahomies who have been by your side since the beginning of 2011? I miss you...
Wow - AP reports that Steve Jobs has died.
yeah. I'm sure they will find some guy for them and eventually marry them.
I thought Michael Bolton was sent away by NASA years ago...huh? Now he's a rap star...side effects of viagra...hip hop syndrome.
#20ThingsAboutMe umm that won't fit in one tweet lol
I really need mother nature to get back onto her meds. This 80 to 30 degree weather is killing me. And I have no wardrobe for it.
Having a hard time sleeping......Ima just watch American dad till I doze off....
THATCamp part 2 - now learning to create maps and timelines using Google docs/fusion
happy birthday man
have to psych myself up for work tomorrow
Today's #Yankees shut out win was its first in a home opener in 10 years.
So, today is definitely a John Mayer kind of day
I know, right?
Downtown #Bellevue park is one of the best places to absorb some sun before winter. Anybody else know of some great spots to catch a sunset?
How was your day??(: #6MOREDAYS :) Can't wait!!! #YEE <33
Making some awesome chicken with green beans and bbq sauce wish mash potatoes :D
yep. See you at 2.
L is for the way you look at me
#OddOneDown CHECK THEM OUT!!! They are hella good(: though, he's mine(:
"Would Adobe recommend to a friend or colleague?" Unequivocally "yes"!
I hate this.
Had a great time tonight with ...good people, great music..
sorry about that!! it was a simple mishap!
-- who's getting the pink slip?
so glad mama english is a lawyer
It's hot 😔 I'm sweating like crazy, I hate when that happens. It started after my surgery 😒
REal cute! Who designed those??
What tea in ya cup now?
That's because he's the coach. RT How bad is Chris Paul hurting? The entire Clippers bench is on their feet but him.
Awww...did you take pictures? I know that was totally cute!
I mean it on every level possible lol I never thought I'd still be in DC, still at AARP, running a BLOG! All are great things.
Lol I'm go lazy
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes throughout San Antonio Texas.
Before leaving for any place Justin chew gum #Bieberfacts I also do, is like a tradition hahaha ok not
Soccer is my life <3
Kelly Ripa is the nicest and cutest person ever! Watch Twin Cities Live today at 3. John is live from NYC!
don't forget to stop by for 1/2 price #pizza night! mention PURE ENERGY CYCLING and receive 1/2 off select pies!
Thanks new followers!!!! Keep spreading the word about this page and :)
I know! At least we still have the Buckeyes!
Good morning world!! Heading to Dim Sum with talk about a great product. If you haven't their salt yet go get in now.
Hello Jaqui, I missed your responses about indoor landscaping services until today. Do you service Charlottesville, VA?
I do lol. It's freezing, I'm soaked, I need to pee SO badly, and we're still outside
Follow Her She Follows Back!!!
#Cardinals If Cards don't make playoffs this season, they'll point to last night's 9th inning fold vs. the Mutts as the beginning of the end
Hey #weatherman-- what happened to the sunshine? I appreciate you save it for the wknd but we want it during the wk also!
#SDSU jazz & choral students are performing Latin American/Mexican faves at the Organ Pavilion, Sat, May 5 at 5 PM. Free....
why is it that when you're bored all you do is eat?! -.-
yeah.. It's meh.
Law School 101, How to get your client acquitted: tell the jury she is a dumb slut. /via
plz tell him to follow me!
You Lead your own Path! So what You Do Determines What Type Of Life You Will Have.
I don't care what watch you be flossin, you still MyMainManMike regardless.
New dexter tonight!!
u get my txt
At least it wasn't a soul patch.
Voting's officially closed in the gingerbread house poll; we'll announce the sweet results tomorrow.
Thanks to and for their co-sponsorhip on today's #Copyright / #Fair Use Webinar. Approx 680 people listened in!
Happy 15th Birthday! I hope it's an amazing day for you.
It is advisable to ask their requirements as far as selling a junk car
I'm so glad is schoolin these faux wackos.
Ok I got you Erin, next time I have people over
40hrs. The only person with Split Days off. Working on & thru my birthday. & you give the days I should have off to 2 other employees?Really
checkout our music on youtube..the channel is supra91411....hip hop/rap....twin rappers...
Thanks!!! I've been on set quite a bit so I'm sure we have seen each other:)
For the first time since I moved to Chicago, I saw another Linux user in the wild. It's a small thing, but it always makes me happy.
#tie2011, Good Morning, MWacker and Online Pro.Development, Lookin Good so far
yea I'm going to hit that up #lemonpepper maybe I'll see Troy Aikman !
Ha! “: How many people will commit suicide over the latest Facebook redesign? I'm putting the over/under at 7."
We should be able to make it too...it sounds like a lot of fun...looking forward to it!!
RT So a tropical storm is gonna pound Boston during Kennedy memorial. I am sure God is telling us something. Anyone ask John Piper?
I'm sure I'll be there sooner than later! I just won't have my blonde sidekick with me this year!
thanks Matt
Whats your favorite Finding API call?
apparently I've gone horribly wrong. Undoing an hours work :( x
So incredibly deserved! Well done! RT Big thanks for all the congrats coming in for on Beard Award. Exhaling now.
I haven't said anything about it to her...lol
Let us help you with your marketing contact us today for your free consultations a value of $99. North Florida | (407)486-4387
how is it going for you at USD? Make it ok?
#POTUS on with Ki Rizzdall talking about investing in teachers as a part of the American Econm. Comeback Strategy.
service plan for what, pardon my ignorance?
Though through the world theres too much of all three of those. Though the Moments of the memories I recall I look back and see and hear
Limbaugh against gay marriage. He's been married FOUR times. He has the stones to talk about the 'sanctity' of marriage? Pot. Kettle. Black.
Chat is rolling along -- Q3 up next!
yeah! I saw some comments from the backchannel, would love to see the prezi
Headaches suck ass! One more night then off all weekend! I think I can, I think i can. Wait, I have to haha
read the other article I retweeted that shows all the benefits he got from America. Least he can do is pay his taxes
ok now ur just joking
I wish you a happy and blessed Easter! Jesus rose after suffering and dying; and you too can overcome and rise above your trials and pain.
We took Josie to her first "yappy hour" tonight, and she LOVED it! Went right up to the big doggies and everything.
what do you mean?
I'll play you two by myself
Hey Brandon!! Was so great seeing you too! Hope to come back and visit Norfolk soon!! Love that place!
I'm going to hurt
Did Hurdle really just give his manager card to Bruce Arians. I will blame this atrocity on BA.
cool. Got any other material online I can check out?
Great job for proposing ivy league community college online and in public space
listening to music
Sitting in the cinema, ready to watch the movie, then BOOM! The human giraffe sits in front of you.
"Whenever inspiration doesn't find u, u have to find it"
Sometimes my business takes me to places no one should ever have to go. This time=Arizona. Say it ain't so!
Just got a spoofed DM from you. :-( Check those allowed apps.
Just in one of those moods when I'm just done
That's when I knew Francisco was going to have that meltdown after the inconsistent ball/strike calls.
What's the timing on your distro deal with Wawa?
can you take out my move like this and put in the one i sent u?! Please
unfortunately that's always a possibility...
So if she didn't want to talk about it all she had to do was tell he! Not jump up and run away
. sees FRBR problem: where is inheritance if attributes are disjoint? (only work has subject, manifestation has typeface)
Robin Hood: Men In Tights. Mel Brooks = #genius EROCK
Cool research!
This is scary shit
"We were made to be lovers bold in broken places, pouring ourselves out again and again until we're called home."
): well that's a bummer, theres some really bad rappers that become famous&get heard&the good ones are just waiting.
Critics Consensus: Dark Shadows Doesn't Scare Up Enough Laughs This week at the movies, Tim Burton and Johnny Depp reteam to spoof the 19
I don't even know you and you love me. ILY2 <:) <3
The GPPC Spring Directors' Meeting is going on right now. Hearing reports on this year's events and making plans for next year!
Hi David - hope the year is off to a great start for you!
this pic has been up for almost two weeks. Your behind brah
She's no novice though. We don't have a Sharron Angle on our hands.
Yes, I will be behind the bar tonite Who's gonna come play with me?
it is in March. My brain has already moved on from January :)
Hehe! Yay!!! I know, I'm so excited!!! They've been so awesome!
Oh tomorrow I can't wait for you to get here! I'll be basking in that beautiful sunshine all day!
Vega Communications loves working on fabulous Wordpress sites. Does your company have an optimized site?
Well, that's the end of my week. Thanks for reading what I do all day!
Many in law enforcement agree. Not every immoral act/idea should be target of civil law. But, weed was huge gateway 4 me!
I LOVE the NewOrleansonline.com website!!!! Very easy to navigate! Kudos... do they have a twitter??
im just done :/
DONE with my first semester at Vanderbilt, and I could not be happier with the way everything has fallen into place in the last 4 months. <3
Thank you all the new followers! I will follow you back.
Oh Very nice! Thanks for sending that Paolo, nice pooch too :D
“: haha Ill know them when I see them! #smwsportsbiZ”live chats with players for added value? Post game?
"if Syracuse" is a trending topic today... please complete the sentence - If Syracuse......
I don't know what is worst, my starcraft 2 game, or the amount of girls with herpes from MLG events that we have in this community.
TV stories without visuals are boring. Reporters need pictures/visuals to tell a story. If you don’t have visuals, you won’t have coverage.
I want more then what I got.
Im so hungry >.< i want alot and our advisory is little so we're probably going to get 4th's xD lol
can't be healthy lmfaooo
It's nice out
Bette Davis-ing to meet up w/ !
chyeahhhhh. Saw him at pride last year!
Nothing against digital, but it's great to be shooting a movie with film.
Don't let football season start without educating Coaches on how to teach players to keep the CROWN of their helmet out of the tackle.
Every time I see a tweet from I think it's Strangely similar avatars.
Rise Up, Stand Tall! GYT Know yourself. Know your status. Get Yourself Tested.
yo Brookie Lyn, I see you are keeping an eye out for me, eh!!!
Spaghetti bolognese in Appolo lounge Me and my G from Tennessee thats how I roll around.. haha what up G
I'm gonna need that skateboard wrench tomorrow
Wow. Too much of the good life, I guess. Trying on clothes at
Just purchased my Richards #Flyers jersey via eBay.
Quinn mulls using executive order to create insurance exchange
China aims to become an innovator, not just manufacturer. While our schools cut back on art and creativity, China is investing in it.
Both.Of.Them. omg, i could never chose!
Last weekend had talkbacks on prep fashion, on feminism, + w/ the cast. Don't miss "Meet Pete" with A.R. Gurney after Friday's performance!
Another wonderful weekend in good ol Aggieland, but I am officially a "has been"
Oliver Samuels is no doubt the most humorous Jamaican comedian there is. Once you see him perform you're guaranteed loads of laughter
will be writing a paper today from 10am-4am.
Really enjoyed your blog.. glad you stumbled upon mine! Kinda think you may be the guy version of me.. lol
You know that gross feeling you get after you eat a ton of pizza? Like, you feel dirty and need to shower? I have that.
heard that you are purposing to ? If so, Awwh!<3 iloveyou(as a fan)
im your world but your my universe<333
looking for people to follow. Any suggestions? :)
pretty much haha..but then we got mad bc he didn't get nominated for a Grammy haha..well it's in the pudding sir 😂
Found out Houston has flood damaged cars. Not sure what storm did this. Anyone know?
lol are you getting hurricane irene, we getting it tomorrow night, time to party lol
saw and heard Ursula Endlicher's online art project!
Ditto! do tell!
So sad to hear about departure from ! Simply, an unparalleled man. Looking forward to your new project!
Ted Williams~ The inside half of the plate. Thats where historys made.
Should be interesting to see if Klout survives (or what might come next)
I'm working on one right now, but I can't guarantee it will be good :P
oh cool. im color yellow. kk bye.!
“: I wonder for how many people this is the first time they've seen Brian in person. #dfwtweetoff #DFWSEM #SMCDallas” me!
thanks can u follow. my group page
you're my #twitter jukebox!
Will try...can't promise anything!
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew :(
Good morning lovely people
I only listen to thug music now, that other stuff makes me think to much..
Offering Continuing Education Training for Educators, Parents, Vision Therapists, & Occupational Therapists....
great event last night at North GA Wedding Alliance. Loved chatting with you.
that too. But shed lbs first!
sounds about right. thx!
New #JackWhite is streaming free today.
you're my everything , dont leave me
I'm great! Been doing a lot of organizing and planning offline - getting my s**t together. How are you, Andie?
At half time at The Blue Cross Arena It's your Mammoth 7 and the Knighthawks 5.
Tired frm walk damn another long day
the smell may cloak you... No one ever said the dead dont fart, they lack muscle control to clench....
of course we read them
Wow, do I ever love a little setting on the projector called "quick corner"
the question is not why we exist or how we came to exist but sense we do exist now what?
ANYTHING YOU NEED BOYS, ANYTHING YOU NEED :-)
Platinum Diamonds*
2/2 tech, but how to achieve in dungeon classes built in 1890s?
FREE Business Cards in New York City > www.800printingnyc.com
Obama will not have problem getting reelected with the current field of GOP candidates.
Wheels Up
Yes. A lot. It's just dumb how this date was set MONTHS ago...there was plenty of time to gtfo !
Ewww!! truck driver just honked his horn and mouthed "I love you" to us lmao
Ahh more new clothes (:
Thanks for finding my nametag. May have left other things in your bedroom as well so please keep an eye out.
OUT IN MAY 2012: THE POLITICS OF EDUCATION REFORM IN THE MIDDLE EAST - Self and Other in Textbooks and Curricula
Oh, nice Grand Slam there Cruz. Wow.
...of our institution and at the same time defend the pursuit of pure and applied (much easier) knowledge from all sides.
“: That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.” ya feel me?
I agree with you more than GOP leadership agrees with you. RT Obama loves Latinos so much he deports so many
Any advice on controlling the #boomstick? I gotta get my #boomdunk in check for tomorrow.
It's number one right now when I go there.
OMG I'M WATCHING IT TOO! I'M ABOUT TO SHIT MY PANTS LAUGHING, AHAHA.
Mothers keep our world afloat. Happy mothers day to all the lovely mothers in the world. <3
#WaysToBeginSex "Hey, nice shoes. Wanna...?"
thank you sir. I follow all of 2a region 3 basketball and a little 3a and 4a in east Texas. Always willing to help if neefed
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are."
At charlotte airport waiting, my flight to Columbus-Ohio , 4 round of !
I would have to say the whole album is awesome but I love Lost in the World and Dark Night especially!!
Thanks for the request ! Start your day w/ a hot cup of 2mrw @ 9am. We'll be playing them throughout the day!
i swear the kings will never catch a break at the
Thanks, you too!!
When your bestfriend replaces you<<<
is the cockiest dude ever. #24/7 I can't wait to see the fight.
ATL is so warm & dry..... Can't wait to get bk to WI
don't shit come easy .. if u want it GO GET IT ...
I've heard he's a pretty righteous dude!
U can die from drugs to help you sleep but last I checked you cant die from a lack of sleep.
Time for bud light platinum
I just want it to be summer already.
Who wants to be called by me
Me: i hate school mom: and?? Me: wow thanks for the boost of support Haha lln my mom doesnt understand
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest person.
• My iPod shuffle and I don't agree on what 'shuffle' means....
yes u are. That's your friend matter of fact #UggsFriend Lmao
Social Media takes two key things to make it successful. Content & Action
Were you able to confirm that Austin date?
Imagination is intelligence having fun.
Our new location will be opening July 25th. We've had some castings already but come downtown to get an app!
Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS now, we're in St. Paul where fire investigators say someone set a house on fire while 2 kids and 4 adults were home.
It's easy to say, 'I love you,' to someone, but it's more meaningful to thank someone for loving you. - Jon Bon Jovi
I'm so used to seeing you with braces it's weird not seeing them there. But it's a good weird!!<3
Creek going hard this year. Fk seabreeze, mainland, FPC, Deland, and University!!!!!!!
i disagree
Literally my life consists of going to school then listening to , &
Happy Monday! Please take advantage of your last chance to Vote on Tuesday Nov. 2. We are almost there! All our hard work has brought us...
Really want to try Doritos taco at Taco Bell, but I'm afraid I'll blow up like the Nutty Professor after the potion wore off.
Had a great lunch.
Dirty dancing is on!!
did you get a puppy?
Hi! Doing great. Traveling on the east coast right now for a show. How are you?? All is good in alt?
what a dilemma #hashtag “: #I #love #to #hashtag”
Wow, thanks GOP. #DontDoubleMyRatesOhio #studentloans I'm working hard to create opportunity and this is what happens
u okay? just checking in on ya... :)
I'm too lazy. using a fork instead of washing a spoon for my ice cream
FridayNight...only 2 things are on my mind...and that is KUSH & STUDIO TIME!!!
that should make you feel better lol. Is it all swollen?
Been so busy... Havent been on twitter in forever... Thanks to all my new followers and thanks to everyone that has tweeted me.
#CNN confirms the name of the #US agent in center of the prostitution scandal in Colombia was Agent Arthur Huntington
Midnight Movie- Not completely horrible. made me jump once which is always a good sign. Good old creepy movie theaters.
they are so good, the ones from frosty freeze!
I saw some scum bag grab a bottle of water out of a garbage can and pour it all over his body and the water was brown!
oh there you are, goofy grin jonald :D
...naturally it was set in east Texas.
I CAN'T I THINK IM GONNA DIE
If only parents knew how to control their children smh
Sadly no delivery but you can always run over for carry-out!
try an ELB inside VPC! It can do that :)
ADULTS COME EXPERIENCE A GREAT SALSA CLASS. NO EXPERIENCE OR PARTNER REQUIRED. $15 DROP-IN FEE , ALL ARE WELCOMED!
Whenever I say Love Rain in Korean I start singing We are class B (Dream High 2)( I Keep saying Sarang Bi Bi Bi ----) its wrong though.
Going to Ferrari Maserati of Atlanta tomorrow!!!!
Check out the activity on #40Dollars launched by the White House. Politics aside, a simple, bite-sized way to get people talking.
If you're going to dish out take it!!!
it was non stressful day. How about you?
My Oscar® Pick, Best Director: Terrence Malick (The Tree of Life)
Ready to start a weekend of Expecting To Fly performances followed by the opening of premiere, #AFT. Big weekend of
Rather than fight traffic in the rain I decided to metro to the airport this morn. File this under
new phone(: its pretty gnarly!!
"Modern Family", "Revenge" and "American Horror Story"....... just waiting for "The Good Wife!"
Train professionals and u still fail.
“: It's 2:30am here in Miami. Can't sleep! Jet lags a biiiiiiiaaaatchhh!!!!!!!” Star sightings ❤
So many mentions omg 😍
Large kangaroos cover more than 30 feet with each jump.
Tomorrow's #first-quarter-moon in Libra means we should actively reach out to other to help us reach our goals this month.
It has been unbelievable. Wonderful, but also a bit disconcerting. But, I'll take it.
i think i'm addicted to kool-aid .
Lack of multi-monitor support in Full Screen apps takes OS X Lion down a peg or two for me.
RT Never know how fat you really are until someone snaps a photo when you're not sucking it all in. sigh.
hell, there's a chance even was #cool10yearsago. And know what I would have told you then? #shestooyoungforyoubro!
& my family in Mexico! & Italy!
I want to see the pictures when you do--I promise to RT them LOLOL!!
"Dude, she just called u lazy" ... "What! Go tell her i'm not"
it was but I had to wait to get lectured again lol
Wahh my twitter won't load anything. :/
ready for lift off
Sorry for the delay on getting the free demos out we are waiting on the mastering house to finish up but don't worry I will get them out ...
At the biggest strip club in the country and my girl is the hottest one here
good news boys is there will be a lot of room to tailgate. #$27parking
hello my name is...my name is.....lol what's god homeboy!? I need to come to the ATL for some "fresh air" lmao
Diablo 3's really kicking Max Payne 3's ass on Twitter. Maybe that's because the people who bought MP3 are busy playing it.
Speaking later tonight at Wisconsin "Ag Women's Summit" co-sponsored by , Badgerland Financial, and WI Farm Bureau Federation
#gwu, Try the sandwich and let us know what you think of it
Florida law makers refuse to shut down the pawn operations and the drug supply, but rush to privatize jails they are filling with children.
indeed it was. Getting geared up over here. Big game!!
I love these Mother and Son talks.
If I post a controversial tweet, I try to post a source. There is so much false info and so many blind alleys on Twitter.
Ray Allen with a missed freethrow. Hawks with a chance to tie win with a 3
#FollowFriday I enjoy the info these people share.
on tenure, supportive until we find a better way to protect against teaching freely.
Hahahha that's true... So you'd prob have to date someone who's not conceited at all... But mostly everyone is somewhat conceited
What do you need to do to access materials in the Harold Washington closed stacks? Thanks!!!
No doubt
Thats a fire hazard! Make sure u have a good escape route in case of a fire,
Cuts all over from thorns.... Yummy
": Kill the Keystone pipeline ..."Oh no sir...approval of the pipeline is undoubtedly the right thing for America!
My prayers have been sent to the basketball gods... only two weeks away now from being really rich
Greg Kulowiec's webinar on Primary Sources- great ideas!
New comedy film , "21 Jump Street", gets surprisingly good reviews. If are looking for a good laugh, stop by the movies and catch this film
Beautiful. Is it a boy? (you said "he") And when is he/she due?
That it did :D
how is it over thier
im giving u permission lol
time for you guys to weigh in on Bo blocking Uthoff to ACC/Marquette/Iowa St.
It's Happy Hour all day long in Hillsboro Village! Come get any latte or cappuccino with any slice of cake for only $4.00!
Whos going to the #artwalk tonight?
Wherever we fall on the same-sex marriage issue, I'm not sure alienating 70% of the American public was a good idea for our president.
I draw or paint any picture, see my work www.leocortesstudios.com dnt wry bout money, I'm flexible
loved the U2. Can you play more from first five albums? Pretty please!!!
And #Beertown takes a couple day break. But no rest for the ensemble as we plan new proposals for the final week.
thanx, I hope u had a good day to....
Never has a lesson been made so readily clear to me. This time, Patience, I will Learn You like my lyrics And Own you like my Song.
You better play Mass Pike in the encore. First song.
Watched #thewantedonidol tonight & ...... you are such a flirt (;
Jury was hung on one count, split 8-2 for conviction in Arevalos trial.
not sure if I'm more excited for the conference or the food...
Listening to Etta James: The Essential Modern Records Collection (Virgin) "Hey Henry!" "Crazy Feeling". These are a Friday afternoon party!
#illbeastar mark my words.
I hate people who tweet articles about themselves
RT : Wait...David Brooks defines "ESPN masculinity" as "postfeminist"!?
Alexandra Wilson, the founder of is coming to speak at today! So excited.
Baby you finer then your fine cousin ;)
you are the reason that I smile and the reason for my happiness 😁😁😁
RT : Yes, you're going to the wrong place! I live in Boston too. Check out Massage Envy ()...
"four-berry coulis" = love.
my desk is such a mess...
...and now Harrison has a cold. No appetite, actually WANTED to nap today. Ergh.
I would rather hurt than feel nothing at all.
Android Loosens iPad's Market Grip
UGH....Mondays
Tricky Moby-Dick
Another new Zoe Sharp coming January 2013! DIE EASY
Thanks for the follow, Holly.
that's cool about your role in Sucker! Tell me more :)
I get up in the morning, torture a #typewriter until it screams, then stop.
for reals! I'll show you who it is on monday kay! >:o
I'm fluent in Coleslaw.
Thank you! If I cared I could have turned ESPN, ESPNNEWS, ESPN.com That was ridiculous
“: WTF Virginia?” // EXACTLY
Remember that episode of #Futurama where Fry drinks 100 cups of coffee and achieves hyperspeed? Welcome to me writing my #lawschool paper
The weekend came and went as fast blink of an eye.
You ok if I put these on the website and use for presentations? Citing you of course!
that's what I thought!
Sumtimez I Think Im Waistin Ma Time Wit Her Like Watz Ma Purpose Wit Her
This live stream of opening ballet event is magnificent, can't stop watching!
Mall with Logan !
Secured a pricey bottle of Founders CBS today Have retail craft beer prices officially jumped the shark?
Come #PLAYY w/ me this Fri night 11/11 10pm-2am w/ a live performance at midnight by Interscope recording artist
Well I feel better, a CNBC host just actually said looks like there might be a lower opening with Dow Futures off over 150 points. Really?
Burn, Syracuse not included in that 5???
I sent that to everyone online omfg
You're cracking me up too. :-)
Ooooohhh…you mean we get to meet f2f??? When is the NYC trip?
What could you be ecstatic about right now if you really wanted to be? (he asked himself)
Haha My YouTube account getting blocked from Penis Palermo.
RT : Thanks to Riverside Fdn for asking me to emcee/auctioneer tonites great event at Marriott Lincolnshire. We raised big $.
lol come see me
Thanks for stopping by! Yay live bodies. RT Back on 94.5 The Lake with news.
RT : The #lpc National Policy Chair, , is on Twitter. Follow her for great updates!
Great to meet you today as well. I look forward to hearing about great things happening with soon!
Cafeteria lunches
Ok Juicy, send me your email adress and Ill send u some smooth music
Goodbye to baggage ha!.
The event is Saturday and starts at 7. We should be there a little earlier. It is set to end at 9, but I see us staying later.
MT - Did you know Wilmington, DE was originally named Willingtown but was renamed Wilmington in 1739?
well i see Sunshine is here ...
it was within city limits
because I love the vicodin/
Holy moly, Jerry!! Weird sleep aid??
I have this massive urge to see Skrillex live..
#SanDiegomayor debate: impressed. 1st time I remember all being strong.
Mo money Mo problems
Nope - insane aren't I? Heh, I will include a couple business cards if you know anyone who might like what I do pass 'em out. :)
The best batting song of the season award goes to Congratulations.
RT skip bayless “: Tim Tebow RT name a rapper better then me and I'll delete my account”"”
Living breathing words; beautiful words- they’ve become so thick in spread with their beats exposed- wide open in substance.
Shoutout to Jaylen from Hawaii or a follow please? ♥ I love you Ari. :D
": So much on your mind that you start to get a headache :( <<<<" calm down hun
Wats cracking white boy!
Starbucks and funnel cakes for breakfast today (: #LateStart ♥
Just heard papers from #codcon12 will be accessible online from 2-4pmGMT on next three Saturdays! So cool! #openaccess Passwd on yr badge!
sad day when you wake up and all the booz you had for today was drank last night, and you have the headache as proof
Glad you did too....and ! Love you guys! Xoxo
I am so glad #TheVoice is back!
He's good, isn't he? Check out and from House of Consignment on VH1 - check it out on eBay too!
the fact that you are there and not here. har!
Of course! Loved your speech last night.
4yr olds r a trip when they think they getting away wit shit
RT : with sincerest thanks and humble appreciations, it is our heartbreaking duty to announce that Riverwest24 2012 has sold out
as of 2 days ago :)
WHY SO FLAWLESS
u smile, i smile
k don't text me back then.
<blushing> Thank you for the kind words!
it will get better soon. ;)
Mother's Day is very bad. Shouldn't I crush the Sun Chips into my eggplant breading or are you going to say I shouldn't have the salt?
The text I just sent hahahahahaa >>
On any clock on the wall the time is now!!!
I'm my worst enemy.
Let's just say their is #voterFraud, how about we start implementing the law in the 2014 election then. Whats the rush. whn there is no prf
definitely a respectable top 3
need some cloth diapering supplies? Check out !!!
I have no choice but to win...Let that be said...
We love you dog!!!
Just for reference #RockinTitsThursday is a made up holiday. It exists thanks to
have you bought anything from shoedazzle yet?
That is inspiration.
#Packers remind fans attending Sunday's 3:15 game to arrive early to allow time for security screening, especially given the colder weather
wish you could be here!
lol did I tell you you're our official best friend yet?
in other news,we will be bringing big brands next month to the site. i know we wanted to keep it underground but theyre hittin us up for biz
I dont know how to do it so it aint the best (: lmfaooooo ! Ugh ! i dont know nothing dude .
#ArentYouTiredOf people not knowing how to spell?
damn! Too late!
RT Sick of the dbbl standard: T-bags came ARMED to political meetings & SPAT on Congressmen but now RW is all "alarmed" about
A pleasure, my dear, but the thanks should go to who curates all things story with his scoop.it e-mag
Organizing tip: fixed enough lasagna for a few days. Next I'll make is dirty rice :-)
you all just tweet so fast ....
Soon to be trending RT :
"What if we knew a different way of leading into the future...and we took that risk?"-Gary Mangiofico
Just saw film trailer for The Iron Lady. Meryl Streep as Margaret Thatcher defending her pearls! I got chills and my bones turned to jello.
I loved the video <33
are we still on for 6?Text my manager w the details. You have the #. Thanks TTY in a bit
Friends w/vehicles in mke, don't forget that tonight begins winter parking regulations!
Happy New Year everyone! We wish you all the best in 2012!
It's one of our favorite shirts! Thanks for the shout out Amber!
That freaks me out cause this old man that lives near me drives an old police car. #creepy 😳😥
me me me me
Let's talk about how over rated prom is.
Thank u for the information and u r so right it was perfect timing
Thx v much for the RT!
Cool. will do. RT : also- make your way over to Peoria/Madison area soon! I could use some curry for lunch.
Bear got him some guns
falling apart:(
Hey #ABQ! You get AlbuKirky BBQ Sauce & Rub at Keller's on Eubank & Coors. Just in time for your Labor Day #BBQ!
That's legit! ill have to go back and watch for more carefully. When's your Castle episode??
thank you! :D
Thanks for the tip on reading fMRI data! From the looks of it Osirix has some very robust capabilities. Sick!, Sick!, Sick! ht ...
the way I am right now? O.o toda chilmotrufia? Hahaha jk amor I will don't worry! :)
I am, I love San Diego
The May issue will be ready soon. Exciting new features including read-in Facebook app!
There was a storm? I was some place else...
chipotle ranch, lettuce, tomato, patty, pep jack, jalepenos, patty, pep jack, bacon, fried egg. It was delicious!
Hahaha! Got a lot of people! “: Sh*t, we thought there were only 30 days in March stupid April Fool's joke.
Need to see Rhyner in that Beach Boys hat and Petty Theft covering Good Vibrations.
i think i got a hit coming soon fucc wit it
cook for me please!!
word? i had a strange dream too last night
Gonna lay some tracks at home....
Thanks for following us
I love the Christian entrance song.
me and had one very serious 100% protein breakfast lol. oh man how i need a veggie fix stat
It's a shame that redistricting places such an emphasis on dividing us by our ethnicity, rather than forcing us to work together.
Knowledge is power. The power to make other people feel stupid.
Oh how I hate door-to-door salesmen with their heavy knocking that sends my dogs into a barking frenzy. And when they knock twice? Grrr...
I definitely want to!
Thanks a lot man!
A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z. Enjoy
thank you! Hope you had a wonderful holiday!
I wonder how it feels like to break a bone?
Keeping this in mind... RT 3 Lessons Writers Can Learn From the Super Bowl bit.ly/xYGoC0
haha yes we do!! Did u get tickets?
i feel you! i occasionally contemplate a retweet but they just aren't appropriate sometimes.
I am a proud alum of my this morning!! Great job guys!!
thx for the great mtg, ! Love yr work, approach, and results for websites. Let's work together soon.
i applied for wackos the other day and was called in for a interview...lol i didnt realize it was a gentlemans club..i think ill skip out
Erik Kratz on his way to Atlanta as Phils place Thome on DL - Jim Salisbury ()
both my parents have it and my grandfather, we also know my eating habits are bad
“: ouch!! well we love ya unconditionally cuz its cyberspace! :-) "
Thanks for the explanation. BTW, geeks are cool.
This week is gonna be ridiculous
what it do world?
Show: 2010-08-26 - LIVE IN BellingHam @ Cabin Tavern
RT if you'll be taking the #SAT on January 28!
No problem xD, and of course you deserve more than 1.2K cause you're amazing. <3
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
is stirring the morning pot for the panel! Go Will, Go! Loving today's playlist songs. :)
When the smoke detector goes off, it's time to flip the grilled cheese sandwich.
Happy Father's day to all!
had a great gig last night.... fun to be able to play all jazz!
Over-thinking ruins you. Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry & just makes everything much worse than it actually is
Not happy with the Lakers closing out the 1st half.
It was really nice of somebody in Idaho to text me Happy Mother's Day. Too bad I have no idea who this person is.
had TimeMachine error 13 - can't create sparsebundle. AND, I believe the previous backups. It's just 'starting over' but ergh
It may be that those who do most, dream most.
With my bestfriend. The bitch went to get her paycheck. Took the keys so I can't drive away.
I Am So Thankful For My Life And All The Amazing Things In It...God Is Good..So Seek Him... :)
Congrats to Omaha Skutt and Creighton Prep for winning state titles in boys soccer
I am not touching Maurice Jones-Drew in Fantasy Football! Health concerns!
I look like a fat creeper. #imsolonely lol
RT You're only 3 or 4 books away from being an expert on any subject-- best advice I've gotten all week!
I was. Shouldn't the leader show always show up? I don't have a gmail.
In the #RoaringTwenties after lynchings took place against blacks in Tulsa and Rosewood the largest race riots took place in America.
I ought to say a public thank you to for being good sports. Thank you.
(: Wow! You are so tupid! Why you call ugly? He is the most beauitiful person I know!
If procrastination was my major, I'd make the Dean's List
did u get my msgs abt the fav 5 n my bro ?
ALERT: ok? We'll take it! RT I have the privilege of shooting in the Holy Grail of college bball!!
Sam try something else!!
' Oh geez twitter picking on you too!
Hey hes mine! Nobody else can have him!
Today we honor hipster president Warren Harding because he president before it was Coolidge
Obesity in pregnancy may be link to autism
accountability: an integral part of the transaction of open leadership. actions are expected for the chance to innovate
they better save some $ for the CQ manager <rolling eyes />
yeah that's fine :)
Exactly. But "The American Way" = bedrock values of respect for group diversity w/o infringing indiv. liberty...
Just arriving to my 8 am. Guess how much i care that i'm 30 min late
Thanks everyone! This was great. :)
What? Where's that?
May sound simple but for me it was profound. : a great resource to any #business owner looking to improve efficiency and profits
We are a Real Estate Investment Company.
“: thx for the retweet luv!” of course! must visit SoCal soon, the hotels sound fantastic
Talking about your ex to your girlfriend or boyfriend #Dontdothat"
we really appreciate it! I hope when our ep comes out everyone will enjoy it even more!
What's scarier? Lindsay or Whitney? Watch our hilarious Halloween Outspoken video, then take the poll!...
Easter haircut time with Kingston...:) this will be fun! LOL
Thanks - I am looking forward to presenting for CLO's 3/22 webinar!
yeah I get at you soon about zodiac
Most girls here are bitchy & a little stuck up... Some guys are just... Well they belong in 1st grade lol
THE ALL-STAR GAME IS AT ORLANDO
Twitter On My Blackberry,,,Nice
welcome back, what was the event u got 2nd in (if I rem tweet correctly)?
I think if anyone asked me how I would move to Mt. Fuji I would be stumped...
the mjr categories 4 the UCR stats R murder, forcible rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary,larceny-theft & car theft
just be careful if you're ever sick/tired. Could be trouble!
I love you too, William <3333
can please just announce what we're doing on may 12th already?!
Can't wait for this weekend <3 finally gunna get to hang out with my Mallory bo (:
Made it to work safely. Roads are clear but overpasses are slick. And it's still lightly snowing in LR.
Damn, listening to beats I made back in 99-00!!
your very welcome and good night <3
Thank to everyone that came out tonight! Our set ruled! :] We saw y'all getting down! ;) that's what we like to see! :D
A girl in class was so nice enough to help me out & fix it though☺🙏
Yo, I can hear every word your sayin son. I'm right in front of you and your practically screaming.
Had a awful week
Merry X-mas!!! We wouldn't be a band w/o you guys and we wouldn't be playing shows either. Thanks for the support and stay tuned! -Murota
I like seeing someone smile and knowing I made them happy. :)
I called u u didn't pick up I want to tell u something it's 911 it's an emergence
yay!!!!!! I'm going back and forth lol.
You'll have to drink mine for me. cc
God, please help me to make the right decision.
Brit told me our neighbor sell....yess lord I needed that blessing
oh God I love Mr Bates!!!
Scraping a few bucks together for a ruben and a pint at the Gotham for work time lunch. I've been good at keeping lunch out to a minimum.
ADHD stands for "attention deficit hyperactivity disorder" by the way, sorry for any confusion!
you are not the only one
Taco bell <3
sorry I don't have an iphone
Great show! Saturday night !!! So good I saw it twice. So proud of Gabe Capone.
It is so not my day
Meant told obviously. Just think the messaging was poor. It's been 2 weeks and I'm not even shipped.
Was trayvon standing his ground?
“: Power out in most libraries on Seattle campus, inc servers hosting our websites and services. No ETA yet.”
#jackieduplain you know what it is
