#Belltown, we're open till 10pm (kitchen, too!) and is open till bar closing time.
Preparing her for a big audition! Going very well! She's been at this forever, so she is ready!
If Bulls force Game 7, cn U imagine how short a leash the Bulls' fans will have Boozer on b4 the boos strt. He's gonna have 2 hit his 1st 7
It's an honor to follow you. God Bless.
Teen daughter confesses she forgot the Neosporin but DID remembr the key lime pie after late run to Harris Teeter.
Watching Hard Days Night and trying to give myself diabetes on cookies yes
Partially agree. Failure of govmt to control banks & mortgage companies caused housing collapse which sucked several $tril from econ
not near me!!!!
Ok I have mentally commited to go riding. Its on....
I want 's christmas album really bad. like right now. haha (:
did you set it right??
Be on the lookout for the #BlacklightPartyOct22 posters at YOUR school!!!!!
Today im gonna use this Mac makeup I bought. Hopefully it comes out correctly.
Lovely brunch with the ladies this morning. Coca Cafe is so yummy! Especially that almond coca mocha...
I'm a little confused by this. RT ABC is showing footage of the bin laden compound. Appears to be on fire
"All that she wants" by #AceofBase is a great jam to keep you going on a
you guys rock
I can't wait for the Giants to ram it down the Jets throats this weekend. Don't talk unless you can back it up.
i did. i appreciate when you take the time to write these kinds of pieces. I enjoy hearing about things in a historical context.
That flashlight dance has been the best so far! Whoever made it is amazing.
I want me an Asian bitch or a latina bitch FUCK everything else
What's goodie
hey sweet background on your
Still have your "A" game in hour 15?
give me one!
What's Postagram? Curious.
yes sir email me look forward to hearing from you :-)
dude be careful!
As sure as the sun will shine, I'm gonna get my share of what's mine.
- The Lil Black Boy On Little Rascals So Cute .
There is a HUGE demand for fanny packs , and no retailer seems to be up to supplying them!
wasted! Uh imma tell!
Do u people relize when they look orange?
Thanks Jason, sorry. Thanks for the support. you are awesome!!
good luck with everything that your doin(:
Less of a question mark and more of a period! “: You're a Caps fan now?”
I wonder what it's like to be one of those pretty girls all the guys want.
Really dig that man.
Haha! The curse of 140 characters. :-)
I'm watching Chelsea - Barca, I'm so ready for the podcast!!!
Perfect bunt!
Being appreciated for being fun and crazy and unpredictable yet respected when you are still shy and cute.
why do these girls always shop at expensive boutiques for baby stuff? Why not bargain shop or Wal-Mart??
James always gotta do somthing -_-
sounds like plan! Different seats this year tho I believe
Chantha and I have been together 4 months this week. I love this guy... but he is testing that ...grrr
If you have never eaten at The Hotcake Emporium you are losing in life. Best breakfast EVER!
"Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car."
Follow me for my bday-today please!
I can't connect, but it might be our firewall
A lot of ppl reference themselves as a #ASSHOLE, the Webster's definition of a #ASSHOLE is stupid, mean, or a contemptible person.
good luck-er, downton sucker
And it's on - a weekend of learning and creating at
Illinois representing, what what. Low club pro plus Stricker and D.A. Points performing well
Lets go #Packers send the #Giants back to Jersey
You were amazing tonight! I have my fingers crossed and am hoping you win!!! Good luck tomorrow on the results show!! :):)
Make that money, don't let it make you
Off to school with Katie Battershell. Well Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry that is;D HMU (:
Main bands people listen to 1. Asking Alexandria 2. Bring Me The Horizon 3. Black Veil Brides 4. Blood On The Dance Floor (gay)
C-A-P-S CAPS CAPS CAPS! House money, baby! And the Nats are on top too...great time for DC sports.
Headed to Read Through for the film "Going Home" by Neon Iron Productions Beaumont, Texas Here I Come!!
scored the first goal in Icehogs history
I felt bad...
Agreed #mlearning can take advantage of device availability, device characteristics (camera, GPS, social connection)
#goodmorning New day, new attitude, new focus, new opportunities...don't miss yours!!
Good morning DALLAS PLANO ALLEN #BlacklightPartyOct22 GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST! CONCERT IS THIS WEEKEND
Really hope that print version of Trivium Proportion will be a hit. I think it is a great #story and one of my best achievements
lol nice(: what all has she retweeted?
Great show last night, thanx to everyone who came out to support the music!! XO
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in your office. We appreciate you!
what can govt do if they all said screw you, we are going back to work. Arrest millions of roughnecks? I think not!!!
"Life begins when the dog dies & the kids leave home." Empty-nesters increase spending by 50% after the kids move out. Source:Boston College
World Book Night was so much fun! Can't wait to hear more stories
Your fitness is 100% mental. Your body won't go where your mind doesn't push it
Chris Paul may do a bit of flopping, but he backs down from no one
Great! Glad summer finally decided to show up - trying to take advantage of it.
: not usually. Mostly PI work.
when are u there?
": God is amazing...I need more than 140 characters to explain." Tell me about it!
So Jehovistic theology stated: behold, the man has become as a deity believing in the doctrine of the reality of evil;
sorry I'm not Austin xx
My hope would be to find a stem cell study ... #Artist ": All of us will very soon be able to grow back every part of our body.”
He starts to play with his balls while you giving him a blowjob
Heading to work with USA Archers this week! We are proud to be able to serve as the Mental Coaches for USA Archery. "With Winning in Mind"
Trick play for the touchdown!!
Oh, good! So many interesting tid-bits in NATURAL WOMAN
Thanks so much Shivani!
If you had to explain to your "Black" child…where the holiday "thanksgiving" came from…what would you say?.…….
I. Very tired ☹
26 miners rescued! Only 7 more to go!
Catch tonight @ Hotel Café in Hollywood, 8pm. He performed 's Tour da Arts bike event in 2010. Cello like you want it.
can i have a shoutout please? :*
I would love that!
Another sunny day cycling the streets of Atlanta...everything is definitely blooming! :)
You havent been on twitter!!
kids say the darnest things lol
Help us find a drummer! Free studio time for any solid leads!!
Everybody thought it was summer time for a minute ...lol Milwaukee fooled yall ass! Aight aight me too
(delayed response) That's been my motto for years.
are you going to sleep yet? XD
Share how you actively seek to understand the competition & how they differentiate themselves.
O_o RT How can someone else tell you how you should feel ??? Is that even fucking possible ?
I can't wait to visit your restaurant Emmett. Congratulations on your new business!!!
Obama is now asking just $2 contribs down from $3. He's also started putting his hand on his heart during the national anthem. All change.
needs to get out of Ghettocity and visit me once in a while.
The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) is the nation's main wage law
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all the moms in tweet land. Have a BLESSED DAY!!!!!!!!
I'm researching the sunniest place in the world now. :)
I'm sorry.
What's everyone up to today? -zach.
are you gonna go on tour anytime soon? I wanna meet you.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful women out there who has to put up with children! :) Make them feel like queens!
Four Minutes.
You guys have been dating for 2 days & you're already saying I love you to each other? WTF
every dog has its day
have just realized that I am conforming with my first through third grade school uniform today - white button down shirt, blue pants
“Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
Good answer for you too lol ": original all the way!"
didn't mean to retweet you...meant to reply!
Mr. Hammond, after careful consideration, I have decided not to endorse your park.
#NiallHoranFollowvickkkkkkkkky1D Make her dreams come true
Not the individual. Zuckerburg, Gates, Buffet, Bloomburg; theyll always be rich. They created product/service. But OPAC?
The lake is not organic.
We have a changing of the guard in our club today! Saying goodbye to President Phil and welcoming new president for 2011-2012 Lou Radja!
All my heart, it breaks every step that I take.
I think it's my body telling me "you're 50, you idiot, slow down. "
umm, busy!! But enjoying every minute! lol...when will you be at a Dodger game again?
hell yeah had to in the projects lol": Like , If you ever dropped food on the ground and then kissed it up to God, then ate it!!
Promo tonight at #BillysonGrand in St Paul. Sampling 6 different #Schellsbeer craft beers. Cassandra and Reba hosting. Come watch #NFL draft
I hope you'll stop by and check us out as well as check out our website.
GUYS PLEASE FOLLOW THEM THEY ARE AMAZING- band and gogogo please and on fb c:
y u actin funny
We are all Keith Judd now.
We were so happy to have you as part of the event! I enjoyed Amy Lou's witty and insightful comments.
Come back in August for our Festival in Austin.
...TONIGHT television premiere of my new video "Feast Or Famine" on "Its All Good TV" @ 10pm ch. cablevision 67, Time warner 34 and FIOS 42
They don't feel Grand Slam down here at school. I can't get any until I go home. Cruel.
me too bro. I wanna work on my shooting before then tho.
Trying paying attention, dick.
Lol Tryin To Use My Words Against Me...Please Stop..
lol you would.
seriously so pissed right now. im so tired of doctors!
i understand, i wanna try for today maybe
ok how's work
I hate the fact that chicks think they can wink at me just because you got an Afro .. Lol no #GoPickThat lol
princess is stretching it..
What'd I miss?
Beyonce Takes Baby Blue Ivy to the Park in Brooklyn, New York [PHOTOS]
Avengers was amazing
i'm not sure what i should be for Halloween .. and ideas..
failed attempt to pour the boiling water in the sink. Poured down my leg instead. Seriously lame. :)
That dunk just hurt my soul
Prison population at cell block C exceeded capacity today! A near riot broke out in our west wing. Skivy's shank was confiscated,again.
no. Something you would say.
Did you know that Jen prefers apple juice over orange juice?
google set the stage for a silly-sounding invented word to become a verb; duckduckgo could take this to a whole new level
One Direction saved me(: xx
says the guy with a self portrait for an avatar.
": sure is fun to be friendly" yes it is!! Get to Chicago!! ! You have MANY fans here!!
Hi Nicole, Does this include advice for kids' sports team coaches on when to call practice or games off? This is always an issue
Andina's in the Pearl District, Salvador Molly's on SW Sunset, Portland Prime on SW Third downtown.
Rick u so stupid! Why BET bleeped out you saying Bull Dagger! Still funny tho. These youngstas don't know what that means.
why do people hate on Lebron, he deserves a ring you fucks
I really need to stop eating so much..
A taste of home. I love voicemails.
I wish people weren't sleeping..... keeping me from singing my heart out -__-
best day ive had in a while .
Looking forward to Sonoma County lunch with and ! Running late, but we'll be there!
RD quite watching whack ass shit........be like me...... I just watched The Fighter.......
Of course, totally justifiable AND write-off-able
fuck slime ass nigga stay doing this shit to us fans !!!!!!!
hey thanks man! I just added you to my blogroll!
Sweet pad with and
I was sleepy just driving IN to work, smh. I can already tell today is going to be a mess =( cc: my work twin,
Who ever invented trig was a bitch cuz your making my life a living hell
we were to busy taken the other half of ben davis' hear
When I do gain political office (senate, house, local and/or executive), I'll most likely be a paranoid leader. Hopefully not like Nixon.
I cannot heart this hard enough. "Kill the thing that's holding you back" -
Someone please tell me to get off Etsy so that I can go back to working on my paper!
Quote from customer today: "Thanks to you both! This is an amazing response from a company, pretty rare these days."
": every night is pizza night “: monday night is pizza night”" actually guys, Friday is
sounds fun! what for?
It Feel Likee Forever ,,, I Dont Know How Ima Last In Tha
I have installed Skyrim. To showcase my incredible restraint, I shall not start it, but rather go to work for the last half of the day.
haha your welcome :) we should talk more!
Thanks for the RT today Mark! have a wonderful evening!
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein, it rejects it. ~ PB Medawar
Have a great holiday weekend!
RT : it's okay to be at a loss for words. Never be at a loss of ideas or vision for ourselves. We need a vision for our lives!
8 more weeks of our winter? Yipes, that's a lot of discontent. (The groundhog only claims 6... )
Thank god I went to Tufts and not NYU. I love this place.
hell yea...How far is it away
hey harry!!!
roll a joint, roll another one.
That must have sounded AMAZING! I love that song.Please make it as a single 4 us &give some the proceeds to #RainForestFund Yes?
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year
Travis Walton~ The truth of course is that a billion falsehoods told a billion times by a billion people are still false.
yes! I think my whole first day is pretty scheduled, but maybe tomorrow :)
Hey guys go follow my sissy xD
"Take goats to grocery store to do your shopping. Now you know what it is like to take a toddler." Haha..so true, that's what it feels like
how long? like 5:00a.m.
Would afterschool programing help get kids more exposure to #STEM?
seems not but I know where and when and I shall be there. I promise.
change your name fruit ball
The theme song for #BBC excites me. I just dance in my seat while driving. Too bad the #news is really sad.
Agree that works for Tweetdeck folks like us, but for those still doing it otherwise it's a chore. Maybe an excuse to switch!
don't wait too long! C u soon..
these types of works are so amazing.
i don't even use half the apps on my phone yet i still have them.
Identify best customers; get external help for insight; ask yourself what you dread each day & rid them; have you repeated your best success
Everyone wants free gear. I wish I could hook everyone up but I can't. Prove your about it by actually buying something rather than talking.
Forever fucking up :(
FINNA GET MY DAY STARTED BY SMOKIN A BLUNT OF.....STUPID
hey baby <3
Wet hair and its windy ,
I would cut off all my filangies to interview with real fan ?s and to perform wakas part in wildboy june3rd
Just watched The Lincoln Lawyer..very underrated and very good movie..I was wondering whatever happened to Ryan Phillippe.
OKC's new bike share program launches tomorrow! They will be at #BBOKC at 7pm tonight and 10am Saturday!
Dear : Addicted to Kings on NBC. #kings (via ) (via )
Can't get enough ;)
preparing the bride... pre-marriage counseling is so much fun.
The Pride of The Yankees!
SAME why isnt austin going omg
You might be able to be involved...stay tuned...
If not for Mumford & Sons Pandora, well I don't know what. But not good.
yep. That's exactly it. They gave me a shot in my ass as prescribed some cough syrup. And apparently I have allergies so I get Zyrtec
#Mizzou basketball makes me happy
Can you imagine what that would taste like if they did? Probably like a shoe. Could not imagine.
There is a pixel-sized bug crawling on my screen. It's fun to imagine that it's just a rogue pixel.
jus watched a dove icecream commercial n realized that dove is also a soap co. now all i can think of is soaps on ice cream sticks GREAT! XP
We're good with neither rain nor shine, a moody fall sky is fine! (But we're still doing a sun dance at the farm!)
With my favorite girl in the whole wide world ! Breeeah (:,
QT : I can't control how I feel
You're a star in my book! Keep shining, kicking butt and doing what you do. We're proud of you and our Pack!
In honor of #TrayvonMartin, will premiere her new song #FearKillsLoveHeals on 9pm
you're just #allin. Hope Ellington heals quickly!
Yeah...Pacers have no chance
Excellent video!
3 hours until we leave #Storybrooke and our #Firefly shirt, Wanted Man by goes up! Get your #OUAT tee for $10 at TeeRaiders.com
I think "future ex-wife" goes from shot across the bow to shot into the bow.
It's going to be summer today in Boston. Good luck to the marathon runners.
well done calling the show. Impressive!
I don't want to walk away from this place.
2/4 much that I have followed through with all of my dreams I have ever had like I am going through with my dream of becoming
going to go watch a movie with (: tweet me for some #imagines♥. -erica♥.
#i312m5 Given that Sarkozy himself appears to have violated copyright law on numerous occasions, what does that say about the new law?
Jerk chicken tasty!
4-3, this game is close.
Who is the" Lily" you speak of? 0.o
Goodnight Mahomies and goodnight ♥
I fucking hate today already. Today is gonna fucking suck. And you know what, I don't care if you don't like me using fuck a lot.
as soon as scraps destroys the cone, everything will b fine.
One who knows & understands history will never be confused by the purposeful misrepresentation of facts that distort the realistic picture!
Swallowed into earth's dark womb - death has triumphed, that's what they say.
Chasing dragon flies / Today what place is it / he has strayed off to? ~Chiyo-ni, for her small son who died
Get a free Credit Card Machine!!! #businesshelp - private message me for more information!
Bom Dia :D Tryna teach some Spanish :-! Hard job ha
Happy St Pattys Day! Party with Dj Ivan tonight
RT : The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes. ~ Marcel Proust
Bring it Matas!!!
thank you
This breath<<<<<
why can't i ever sleep...-.-even tho i feel tired._.
FELLAS: Theres really NO NEED to refer to ALL women as bitches and hoes... cant take the actions of a few and apply it to all...ijs
Thanks for a great season Wildcats, I am proud to be a grad.
Stop paying full price for hair products - shampoo and conditioners are always cheaper through WigBuster!
I want piercings
Voices in my head telling me to go the WONDERLAND.
Build a better blog/Facebook Page w/editorial calendar - hosts #awcchat tomorrow (3/15) 1130am-1230pm CST. Anyone can participate!
I have some serious decisions to make! Ugh!!
I FOLLOWED
Good afternoon sweetie:)
u liked me walrus sniffing you
Liking Netflix's new format. Easy to find all the seasons of a show! Easy to find new episodes!
I miss I baby
RT certainly not only But a higher % <-Sure. I've seen the stats. But do we disregard good products bc of bad?
I've spent so much money these last couple of days, gotta stop with the online shopping.
has hairy legs
Can't wait to see play tonight. He's one of my favorites!
Haha. I figured ya'll would get a chuckle out of that.
Except, strangely enough, during the night of the supermoon. Expected 15,000 butt pix, got 15,000 moon pix instead.
My revelation on creativity: What kind of imagination must God have to come up with the fine tuned instrument that is the human body?
like yo man ;)
chilling at 's crib
I want to like #scalaz, but every time I try to use it to do some clever #haskell-y trick it stack overflows & I can't be bothered to debug.
I have to raincheck :(. Have to head to a shop open tonight.
My TL not refreshing so I guess that's my que to go to bed...
If they say why, why, tell 'em that it's human nature. . .
Did y'all know Diversity takes shopping bags? If you have a ton sitting at home, bring them in! Our cashiers would appreciate it! Thanks!
Lol kool we have to do something soon we always say we will but never do
I can't think of a wrong time for multiball.
Thank u very much!
Is it bad that I use twitter to read 's posts more then anything? Lmao
Bugs me when people say "people are so fake!" Why can't dramatic women just accept somebody as a REAL asshole instead of calling them fake?
Crazy! RT Flooding across S. Thailand has killed at least 11 people, stranded thousands (incl. !) bit.ly/hIA2DT
The awkward moment when its raining and you're wearing a white shirt.
Just watched a fantastic cut of our film Junction. It rocks
Unbelievable set in New Orleans!!!
nah it's a lifeguarding classes
Listening to at 3 in the morning . <3
Drinking mai tais and dancing with Aaron.... lol i wish... really working on projects in the library!
Am I an old lady shaking her fist at young people when I say that Nicky Minaj's music/voice makes me want to kill something?
Anyone sporting something from #QBM11 today? What'd ya get?
"Curtis is scarier than Butkas." Bart Starr, QB Green Bay, Coach & NFL Hall Of Famer
it sure is, what's Saturday? Lol
I Dreamed somebody missed me Wake up shake it off
Rockies outfielder Carlos Gonzalez joins the Score next at 8:25. Check it out on AM1510! Give us a call at 303-297-1510...
even a bowling ball can where a hat if you use your imagination
If you need a place to crash in Toledo on 12/18 & don't mind cats/dogs let us know. We're 10 mins from the venue.
If im tired when i wake up then in definitely not goun to school
Another piece of free art found! RT : Just found some free art in hart plaza while urban disc golfing Thanks #fafdet !
Anybody know what age is best for having a cat's vocal chords removed?
STAR SHIPS WERE ,MENT TO FLY(DEEP VOICE) HANDS UP AND TOUCH THE SKY
I am so blessed because I just got to watch my dad fall off the couch, it was absolutely hilarious. HAHAHAHAHAHA
Haters gonna hate, Potatoes gonna potate. LOL
Tune in on your mobile device,Pc,Tablet or any internet device check out news,events ,station Dj Bios,Around the way models
Hey Smiley w/some pretty wild english on teh long game today.We're all starting to suspect it's really danish :)
"There have been no recent accounts about bullying behavior by Mr. Romney," points out.
Recent Case Result: $2.4 M - Wrongful Death - A woman fell due to defective stairs at a commercial facility. Her injuries resulted in death.
card stuff its been to long
Hi babe (:
QF pleased to be in such distinguished company ": New suggestions for you: , and "
There is plenty of living proof that ugly girls exist, they are all over Clark
I know I'm late but Ron Artest name is now World Peace I'm Ctfu right now
Needless to say. I accepted the challenged
haha duh! What are you doing this weekend?
im never on twitter :(
Soft shell crab with avocado, cucumber and heirloom tomato salad at
Yea and so is Jamie Moyer...
it's a louisville slugger
Hearing old woman groan happy mother's day on phone and realizing the magic is once again gone.
I just added my favorite places to eat to my blog including:
Last day at #pla12. This has been a wonderful conference & Philadelphia is a lovely city. Monitoring 2 programs, then seeing Betty White! :)
No problem!!!
hey brothers God has called Pastor Jason Queen to open a Church at SDSU San Diego! Please check us out at
maybe a party
Pls Join us today at 2pm in the University Playhouse for MNL Learning Center Groundbreaking Ceremony. Come celebrate MNL's transformation!
U SLEEP LOL ?
About to hop on some codmwf3 and try to play with my dude
“: New year, new resolutions. Become a mentor for an at risk kid today. 1 hr a day b/t 5-6pm” woo I start next week!
: Big 6 won't drop DRM. We little guys are thinking about it. Worth the risk of piracy?
Come to the pop-up today from 3:30-4PM at the tables near the AAM bookstore. Theme is Creative Community. What's it mean to you?
I don't care what cha say, sponge bob square pants can't teach me siht!!!
I see you also have reading comprehension issues. I respond to your question with a reasonable answer, you send me bullshit.
♥ Let's trend #19MillionMonsters (RT Please)
Nice new profile pic Buddy!
Its Wednesday! That means tomorrow is Thursday! :)
What #paparazzi not for you! WTF.
Happy belated birthday, gorgeous! *kisses*
It's cold out today !
yes i agree harry it does thats why i dont eat them!! HAHAHA love your tweets harry<3
Ankles pretty sore 24 hours after the race. Medicine is bottle of wine and a #Celtic win!
We hope you enjoyed your stay at Hotel Carlton. Come back and visit us again soon!
465 is one hot mess today
Usually that chunk::new OOSS error occurred while JVM was not at max heap usage, and OS still had plenty of room too
spot on, Tim. Boring hockey. Touch to watch for even the most die hard of fans
1/3rd through 'The Art of Fielding.' Really loving the college president and his daughter.
The Flaming Dames in The 7 Sexy Sins tonite , 15 W. Division @ 9:30pm. Upstairs in the loft. Drink specials & full menu!!
You’ve got to stand for something, or you’ll fall for anything.
Watching Bethenny Ever After. Why doesn't DC have a drybar? A place for only blowouts AND they serve fun cocktails? Yes, please! Heaven.
then some time this week ill have to be creative lol. i bought orange and silver yesterday. im starting to collect haha
Beautiful day! And what better way to spend it than sitting for HOURS at LAX waiting for our flight. WTF vacation...
is on and im thinking about
Norman Mailer's Maidstone is finally coming out on DVD and I am going to watch it, god help me....
Will do...it is a matter of who gets to eastern Connecticut first!
Well, you can be sure that no rain is going to come along and wash that start of a tan away!
Cause.it is an app that rewards volunteers with discounts to local businesses: galvanizing both nonprofits and businesses...
I < google > myself(:
Comprised of. Like a dagger through the heart every single time. , please help.
If it cost Jesus His life did you think you would get it for free??
<insert money-shot here>
"If you have a problem, don't say, 'God, I have a problem' but instead; 'Hey Problem, I have a God and everything will be okay!"
Your welcome (: #muchlove & arent you the girl that Austin follows on Instagram?? hahaha. ♥
we goin to the big SB this to
Time for sleep! Lol
My name must taste so good. Nobody can keep it out of their mouth! <3
It's going to be a really busy April! Let the busy season begin!
aww I love it!! Good job ;)
But seriously... I think we may need to have an intervention. Norah Jones bro? Someone get me Diplomatic Immunity 2 STAT.
Reuniting families is once again at the forefront of immigration legislation
How many of you have an important date tattooed on your body?
I just think what if all the wind stoped in that area and moved to an other area
TONIGHT - PRINT TICKET OUT ( BELOW) SAVE $5 and SEE BRENDON WILLING JAMES and SAINT JOHN!!
Getting The iPhone 4s In Two Weeks With #BestFriendSWAG xD
At Dallas Love Airport - I'll miss Tejas.
You would get Human Resource/ Performance Development! RT : Q1) What if HR was all focused on human resources?
If we measured wealth in high-fives, i would be an extremely wealthy woman.
Students are back in town. Which means there are a lot of whores on the loose, hide your boyfriends!
im pretty sure you always add some sort of emoticon to the end of your tweets but they always turn out like rectangles on my end
No problem let's talk Teamwork make the dreamwork :)
the office closes at 4
Was that Puffy or Diddy?
Looking forward to a sekrit flash mob in Scottsdale this afternoon. Really no idea how it's going to go... wish us luck!
whats good c-god?
from what i gather a k is -2, hit +2 a homer is like 15 solo. RBI change the it
Its my friend birthday today!!!!! please tweet her!! <3
Happy Mothers Day to all of the Moms out there!! You're loved and appreciated
Stubbed my toe on my suitcase a few minutes ago :( still hurts like krazy
you gotta sip and savor, not shoot!
Should be doing homework :-/
Slowly improving.Lungs r biggest issue & muscle weakness. Now we r watching & waiting. Thx 4 all ur prayers-we need them.
My feet hurt so bad because SOMEONE didn't give me a foot massage today!
I would do completely the wrong graph on my math test
I ALREADY BOUGHT THE TICKETS , ROW 2 :D
#mindless RT if ur mindless and u love mindless behavior
Another FIRE joint with
I've been everywhere LMFAO jk I moved to ny... Text me.. What are you up to for MDW??
dang it! I wish I was there so we could hang out & write & stuff!!! I hope you have a great trip & an amazing show though ((:
Gogogogogogogo !!! Now I'm wishing we came to Biloxi again! Gl tomorrow!
MAKE IT SO!
Rookie Mistake....
jus did i fuks wit it
Hello, I'm launching a new pageant blog and would like to give Forplai away as a gift. Where can I purchase Forplai?
Wish will reply to me!!! I really need advice for snowboarding to calm my nerves!!! PLEASE KENDALL!!!!
I wish he would follow me!
Is Johnson done for the day ?
There could never be a Narcissists Annonymous.
Hello Mz E. check it out...ain't no change in the weather..ain't no changes in me....too many people wit us never stop this team
“: best. Snl. Character. Ever.” link?
"This is my house, So im player.1" -DyrdekNikki
Check out my website at - www.sandovalnation.webs.com for zombie survival tips
is that a fart joke?
Well, there's no accounting for taste but I am much obliged.
Sometimes I wonder how many girlfriends has ? (;
Indoor painting. Another rainy day!!.
“: Class grind hard in may...” Yay I miss u :(
bring it on, bro.
DO IT.
Welcome to May!! May you have a great day!! May you have a great month!! Cheers!! :)
Same time tomorrow night, but it's for real. What do they say about rehearsal the night before? I'm certain tomorrow will be phenomenal!
Got the $1 medium drink and refilled it instead of the $1 large at #McDonalds because I conserve.
I love this commercial
kinda wanted runner up 2win but happy with thewinner.Everyone looked amazing!
searching for an HR Manager and HR Director for #Indianapolis #SHRM #HumanResources #Hiring #Manufacturing #Resume to
Minds are like parachutes, they function only when open. ~Anonymous
#Texans start the game off right with a 60-yard kickoff return, soon followed by a 40-yard field goal.
Some guy tried to sell me an 18k gold necklace for $20... He eventually confessed that he stole it, lol.
no!! I NEVER got em! I'm sorry <3
If the Chicago region were a country, it would be the world’s 20th largest economy. (excerpt from: A Plan for Economic Growth and Jobs)
er can't wait over 7mos for BD part 2
I need to learn to take care of my phones or pay for an ext warranty I go through about 4-6 phones a year.
...isn't measured by...
Now off to NYC to burn up the Garden. Let's go Heat.
Teresa West set the record for changing of TP rolls at 2.5 seconds - unbelievable! That is what good leadership is all about!
Working on string arrangements for World Outreach in Murfreesboro for Easter. Michael W. Smith is their guest. Hence my delay on H&R edits.
if Twitter supports the #olympics regulations, only a matter of time til all team/leagues will want this
you anti never hear no freak shxt like this llsss
Hanging with the hubs and getting ready to go get some food from ! So looking forward to a Doner!
Dude sucha bitch
Found the lacquer man! Also, what's a lacquer?
It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person
How soon any other wishesintroduced themselves I can hardly tell, but I believe in about half anhour after I had seen you
you a nasty freak
Oh my god. Let's hope haha
I'm honored
Dear, Jerry, can you say, "Unhealthy obsession?" :P LOL!
Sittin' at work listening to Miles Davis' Bitches Brew. I never knew this office could feel so damn creepy..
watching #Pens #Flyers two teams who didn't use the old injury card and somehow managed to play good hockey without key players.
Sorry for over tweeting. I hope you like the pictures :-)
He obviously creeps on our convos all the time XD
this movie is truly a gem....
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. ~ Jim Rohn
I agree that it was a great way to finish the show!!
My pleasure. The guide is pretty neato. See you Thursday!
** HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ** to the key #QUEEN!!
I'm so glad you enjoyed your rainbow unicorn! <3
Insanity day 18 !! Plus yoga meltdown !!!! And just for fun a lil gym time tonite.
I know it is Saturday but we should not give up on out fitness goals. I am fitting in my slim in 6 workout before I go hangout at with...
Al Michaels would definitely make a Williams 4/20 joke though.
LOL! I know, I know. RT “: why are you still up...better yet why are you still up AND #tweeting #imjustsaying”
You're welcome! Thank YOU, Marilyn. Please send questions or comments as you continue watching. We're here and we listen.
“: See you there! RT : #tompetty concert tonight!!!!!!! So excited!!!!” how long did he play?
I really dont get twitter at all
Coming up next: Prof. Brenberg's 80s Thursday song request! Come by Student Services to find out what it is!
My stomach hurts, Im hungry.
11am show this morning for school groups at Times Square Arts Center
#justus preview online this weekend!
the Pens never challenged the goalie, where as Philly took the puck to the net as well as shoot it from the perimeter. JOKE
Funny thing, Jennifer goes there a lot too, and I'm waiting for my parents house to be rebuilt in September to visit.
Faster PussyBoner! Kill! Kill!
That's okay, it happens. And yeah, I was there too from 11:30 to around 3. Didn't see you. It was a very enjoyable experience!
Become an Affiliate. 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin & Hair Care Products. No Hidden/Questionable Ingredients. beautysnatural.com
sometimes I wish I was strong enough to let go.
Good review, I think Dry Fly misses the mark because it's bottled at 40% Bernheim is 45%.
Long day of shit
just released yesterday. Check it out on itunes
Thank you. It was such fun.
ME TOO we can all be equally BROKE!!
I dropped it on the stairs.
Today's cardio: running with Darla (woof!), jump roping (cinderella kissed a fella), and just dance (wii)
ah, true...i am all confused still...i was at costco earlier and saw all the summer stuff, but my mind is still thinking rain LOL
Number game is on Twitter too?? If u want, message me numbers :)
My kids and their friends are out in left field so my daughter can drool over Brauny :-)
Long day ahead of me.
We were able to raise what we need to help with the cremation/block memorial for Norman. Thank you all for having such amazing hearts
Thx for the luv! RT Celebratory last class chocolate milkshakes with at -- So good every time.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window. - Steve Wozniak
Hang in there. All my best.
Developers walking us thru the first rev of the BIG IDEA at 10 PM tonight! Such is the schedule when working with offshore talent.
I'm still a democrat but I like his views!
Hahaha! How do you spell that? Jillip?? and so have a bromance. It's too obvious. ;)
Been at Mandalay Bay since 1 & it's 4:00 pm(: this is hella bomb! ILOVE this weekend so far, we're going to go eat later……Bye(:
i hate the fact now a days you cant trust no one.
Several of us tweet & the one who tweeted that wasn't around for that drama & obviously typoed. But the answer is "Both." :p
Dude, Diablo 3 comes out in four days.....I AM THIS EXCITED.
**hugs** better? good. **slap** now stop acting like a pussy... ; )
RT : WB Whitehurst Frwy/Disable auto blocking 1 lane/MPD on scene w/flares/brief delays/take M St as alt route/7066
You are very welcome!
I changed, I went under this totally diff Lydia. When the dust settle I didnt know me and I couldnt recognize the me I became
2 babies and the dog are napping, and I'm drooling over the rainbow that is the NOV issue of Can you say heaven? I can!
ENGLISH AP EXAM 2RW! AH!!!!!! MY BRAIN IT HURTS! LOL Wish My Ass Luck, Imma Need IT!
Heslip 1 on 1 w Wiltjer. The non athletic segment of the broadcast
my third fave song from him ^.^ <3
Author Explores a New Scientific Theory and Evidence
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
fine goodnight everybodeh.
Wait, the purpose in life isn't to please everybody else? Oh!! I get it. Guess I didn't get that memo
oh nevermind sorry for my
Thanks for the RT!
Oh yes!! Thanks.
Surrender this whole weekend were open sat &sun so get ready! Only place to be
Professional massage by ME urs truely ^^ for only $35hr.
We are open tomorrow at www.hairinthecity.me check us out if you need a new style.
People are Lovin the new Gemeinhardt saxes!
You're up now, too? I'm doing work while is visiting & fast asleep. What's wrong with us?
Watching Empire Strikes Back tonight.
welp i found my car,now just need to figure out why i smell like camp fire
It's often a military and law enforcement thing... just speaking from personal experience and observation. :)
"Haunt" should read "home."
Hey there!! I really appreciate the follow!! =) Have a great night
SHOT OUT!
Flatstock 29 is in full effect FREE & open to the public!! Austin Convention Center Ballroom A 11-6pm
Thought #Browns should have taken a WR with this pick; although an Olineman will help Trent Richardson's value moving forward.
“: Sweet! the Tie goes home and we get ! Let the second wave of Armageddon happen! #okweather” Wife & I said the same!
is really pretty. you should marry her
Huntsman: 30% of Americans are now college graduates
This cute little baby next to us keep waving at me and playin peekaboo lol
-Insomnia is a Bitch-
Sorry, I knew I should have stopped at 37...
lmao. We're small but vocal!
how does one watch #BBCSixNations on the BBC Sports website or other online services???
6 more days till i retire
Catalina McLoughlin Monday May 24th ShopBest Business Presentation and Training Featuring Special Guest, Founder Tim Taylor Location: Crown…
yep, it's still up
Dat boy noah from da bulls look like he been chewing on TNT sticks
Thank you!
Stacy Francis just won the X Factor competiton with that audition. There is no need to do not one other audition!
Hey send the boys to after they leave tomorrow night! I'm spinning on the main floor.
happy mothers day!
42 straight ratatat songs later and this essay is
The new mix on Hype machine is killing !
Spring 2012 Commencement: ... Integrated Studies, and Natural Resources Management. The 10 am Saturday ceremony was for the schools o...
Having dinner @ sensu! Can't wait for taste of fashion @ sensu during Midwest fashion week, October 21st! Designers are ready!
Life is much easier if you also give things up to your higher power
Still weirded out someone's gotta inspect my apt tho
that's good to hear! I'm doing good.
Troy often reminds me of someone great, but since he's a sworn enemy, I won't say who.
We definitely need that news today! Brrr! Shivering in North Texas - but it's great Sup Bowl weather!
What are the ties between magnetism, gravity, and electricity? What is gravitational lenseing?
It's national bike to work day and I can say I won't be participating
Watched Midnight in Paris last night. Not a winner. I was disappointed.
Day Planners? Leave them behind.
I just looked at my ass to make sure I didn't laugh it off because I'm laughing so hard right now
3 words, 2 seconds, 1 moment: "Thank You Lord"
Everyone do me a favor n go follow give em a S/O. People trying to make a change.
Hi Luke. *Smiles*
you got your first pair?
Wow you got this stream up just in time. Two adiPure goals back to back.
I cannot stop until I get my fairytale ending <3
Scariest dream of my life, holy fuck.
53 more likes and we will put up another song! Come on you Can do it!!!! :D
i'll take that waffle recipe, please!
It should be, but there's a ton of good chatter on #ASTD12 also
mm thank so
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard, try rising from the dead!
Spelling error I meant "cartilage" bones contain it, makes sense eating the broth from beef bones builds your joints
- our understanding is departments have built their schedules. It would be best to follow up with English dept.
MFS acting phoney as hell though its all good.
"barbarians" vrs. librarians is still my personal favorite for the day
There's something so refreshing & exciting about working for a start up. should agree. ;)
Hey, thanks for the memoir love! You nailed it--I wanted DKTBG to interest those without allergies as much as those with 'em.
Am watching all these movies episodically…have an hour left from TRANSFORMERS 3…don't kill me people when I say I LOVE them. SO fun...
You've got my heart
Texas sucks!
Looking forward to US #Ag Info Network conference in 2 days! .
Class today from 12pm-3pm w/Science Adventure Kids! NY1 video practice. Meet West 59th &amp; 7th:)
Canons of page construction No longer apply, the web is different thereis no fixed canvas in web design. Enter responsive web design.
lovely to meet you as well!!! Awesome job! Look forward to collaborating one day! :)
Congratulations ! Even if you blocked me.
OMG I totally agree!! It like eating shit that's been sitting in the sun all day!
Check out the new Funk/Rock project-www.CitizenRhythm.com
I'm about to piss in my pants omfg ;-; I think someone is in my house. Omfg kms.
This homework just gave me a headache!
I'm shocked that you NFL types actually like Nessler despite the fact that he calls college games
Most of the bills congress writes have loopholes in enforcement to allow donors & cronies to profit at expense of taxpayer!
Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul. ~W. Somerset Maugham
hey(: im tanning! Haha
“Bring the Future to Life” Colette Vardeman,
And I am really hoping that you did not waste your time driving Sunday. We are open next two Sundays.
My night ? So far, so good
you are awesome. and when we (finally) come to your town - guest list tix!
At the Riot Room in Kansas City waiting for the wall-of-guitars psychedelic rock to begin :-)
Come see us! Wilmington isn't THAT far… :) RT : Congrats on your win! The store looks awesome.
Do you do freelance PR work? Need to generate more exposure for Unstoppable Comics.
Ain't that the truth. XD
Just added to May 5 w/ at the Raleigh Convention Center! 🎉👍 NC, it's been too long!
Everyone's ballin today
Well it's that time again. Mom has 2 go 2 work, I need my beauty sleep and the dog has to poop. Have a good evening all! Goodnight! xoxoxo
It's the arrogance that the MSMers don't think WE'LL do the Google search
NO ONE WINS ROUND #5 OF GTS
Walkable mixed use
Hoping for a fast Tuesday! game tonight, and it's bobblehead giveaway! My collection needs a hockey addition.
HipHop Will Never Die Because the love she has for so many
you should sing on American Idol!!! You would be amazing :)
I wish Saturday would last more than 24 hours!
Aiight #LAkerFam... It's been nice... COD time now. Holla at me on that Black Ops. GT: Mr Holla Back
Okay, slowly getting back to "normal", and all of our $HT fits in the new pad.....score on that, time to relax
told me to follow you!
Yea for sure RT : So...Joker: Hot Seat? Yea/Nay?
Buckets and the red wings
hey Star can u please follow me and tell to follow me too please
lauren, lauren, lauren, lauren, pajuo
Congrats to da refs for giving da win to Boston but Miami gna make it farther then them so it's all good
Good afternoon everyone
Watching the Channel 7 coverage of Oakland now.
#insomnia you're such a biatch! What's a gurl gotta do to get some sleep around here?!?
thank you very much! That means a lot to me. Glad I can make a Positive impact :) thanks for your support!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Peninsula Hotel - Luxury Hotel (live updates)
What is life like now that you're engaged?
the way you picture yourself is distorted.
thinking about watching a movie on netflix and debating between Red Dawn 1984 and Walker.
Seattle chocolate lovers attend Seattle's Holiday Tweet Drive benefiting -->
We just added Road Show to Voodoo doughnuts tonight. It rumbles the whole place when the shaker motor goes off.
I don't think I've ever been so sick in my life
My little brother just hit the lady in the booth behind us with a French fry.. She yelled,"Somebody just hit me with something!!" I'm dying
blaze one for the nation
I DNT like Cooking but I do MISS Cooking for Him
Was thinking about the "Bromance Chamber" when I read that piece. Sure doesn't make Path look very sophisticated.
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
Just DL'd that.. Lemme know if its worth my time | “: Bout to watch Contraband”
walk by faith and not by sight...were all the same colour when you turn out the light...
I know <3
That sounds very cool. What industry?
Some days, and out of nowhere, you just have the Match Game theme music in your head.
What is my next big idea gonna be. Hm....
Just waking up in my last day of vacation... pink Friday is out nicki minaj is the badest
awww thanks! You gave me one! 😄😄😄
11:11 comes twice a day because everyone deserves a second chance. ♥
Our group of friends met through our kids 12 years ago. This year 3 graduate. Next year 2 more. It has been a vapor.
Nothing like eating leftover outdoor-grilled hot dogs for lunch to feel like you're having a picnic at your desk.
So nice sleeping (or at least trying to) with the windows open! The lovely hum of the ghetto bird always puts me to sleep!
Yes, dear?
I got mad respect for my wife. That is, I'm mad, but I have to respect she makes more money than I do.
Feeling like I've been run over by a semi truck sucks. A lot.
Happy New Year everybody. I'm all over watching Anderson & Kathy tonight!
Tonight we are young!!
Direct address comma.
Good morning everyone. Time for coffee and get this day going. This shitty cold rain needs to go as well.
Heading over to whiskey bar for the #flashesofhope event!! So happy to be part of such a wonderful cause. Thank you !!
please come to ohio this summer.
Current Knicks and former Nuggets coach Mike D'Antoni coming up! AM 1510
we're not quite ready to announce location for Wed. series but stay tuned. We'll keep you updated as soon as we're all set!
RT : It is Free For All Friday. Chatty Cathy Night. We are just going to have fun.
Can you afford to be open with all these emotions...
Are the lakers in the market for anyone?
I hate when grown ppl can't handle shit like an adult.
love your hair :)))
You ladies have fun in Austin! Wish I was there. Love ya both TONS! Don't do anything I wouldn't do. ;)
I've been looking at pictures of food for 20 minutes. God, I'm hungry...
I followed you
Would love to see Ron Burgundy on this
has a new mix done, it is funky as hell, classic + new shit, like your mom, IT BANGS!!! wanna hear it? =)
you write or we can do video segments
Oh Thank you! We love meeting new thinkers on the scene in Austin.
Getting a flu shot at Disco Kroger just seems so...sketchy. And yet, here I am.
is my idol <3
Haha YES. RT At least Grace and Carl get along. ;)
Brandon Vicens clears the bases for Heritage and now the Patriots have taken the lead, 4-3 over Pompano in the fifth.
Rolling out with my ninjas ;)
#CRM can be a catalyst for firm change. People can certainly use the tool in different ways & produces new behaviors for all. cc'
So has made it to my AP Environmental Science class with "I can count to potato'
Leo Kottke channeling Gary Busey tonight. Very funny. Also plays the guitar fairly well.
thanks for the love!
withh my babe
"Forum on Use of Drones Within U.S." coming up on #CSPAN at 12:15 pm. Scary real.
crushing in San Diego. Weird? No. Awesome.
Tonight's a good night to watch The Rules of Atraction.
Wonders what this world would be like if nobody was poor or homeless!
It's 5 o'clock somewhere... Pete and David Coors talking about Coors legacy. 6:20am MT on Colorado's Morning News.
The background for today's presentation is a picture of City Hall, feels like I am looking at home.
It is 2:18AM in Malaysia. Andy is there, building al the things.
Today we remember the heroes, the victims and a nation forever changed. God bless you and God bless America.
The Beatles - Something
Haha! I shall look forward to reading them!!
Busy day today! Almost done with the new issue and can't wait to push it out to you all.
63degrees here in Mesa AZ not cold
you need to catch up :p
training session with jamie tonight. i will be tweeting my last will and testament all day.
Anyone else disturbed by the fact that American Apparel mannequins have such prominent nipples?
“: Will Lauren be able to save Kaylie? What do you guys think? #MIOBI”<----YES! GO LAUREN!!!
Heading to Ohio tomorrow for commercial shoot.
"You cannot find peace by avoiding life." -Virginia Woolf
Raining elephants out here!
My producer thinks my hair looked good today even though I didn't do anything to it & I was standing in the rain ;)
And I'm going to the game tomorrow. Greaatt
#3WordsForYou I rock Jesus!
Pssh. You were preoccupied. And I'm an ARTIFICIAL ginger. :P
welcome back la la la la!
they are both figure, awesome! I'm competing in bikini for my first show, very sassy & that's where I struggle!
I miss my hunny when he goes to work :(
Idk WHY most guyz don't get it. I'm not submissive to ANYONE. I speak my mind. If u don't like it, don't waste my time.
I was wondering who would call me out on that as I hit the Tweet button. You're correct, of course.
My mom thought it was "twit" instead of Tweet Lil
why won't this g damned m fucking directory info burn properly? m fucking titty essing t balled bitch.
How kind. Thank you Uncle Paulie.
We really ARE the other 99%. Believe that. Things are changing and for the way better.
We hope you had a great time at Oz! Please come again soon :)
now I'm tweeting @ you :) lol
that would be so fun!
Areal estate agent with a strong set of diverse skills & with knowledge of the local market is essential to optimizing return on investment.
Too bad CBS will not program Saturday. It is the one network that can.
hey there! shoot us an email at support(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we'll help you out!
VERY cool site. I will be visiting some of those places for sure.. sometime other than tomorrow. 70% chance rain
Nah. lol. I'm cool!
thx beauty! Everything about u is fierce! Xo! ;)
Ah dang I better unfollow you, you spoke the truth ;P
Oh I see the silent treatment<<<
Apparently I'm staying right by the Mutter Museum for #acrl2011. This calls for a field trip!
Fuck all the bullshit. I've got a Green Bay Packers Football game to attend.
... lol, would you be hella pissed at me? Or do you not care too much? #TeamNoFeelings ?
Gateway Mortgage Group Expands into St. Louis with the Opening of Two Branches
Blackhawks game is off to a heated start. Are you watching it at Theory? We've got great specials for ya!
heayy why not,,,, you and me
I hate texting people first. I feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.
At The Duece ... Kevin and Delana Harvick just showed up.
Probably a bad coax install. Had signal drops in my setup, took several techs to redo it properly.
ah, soon as I tweet that, a man painted orange arrives to conduct the wave
Lmfao , Yeah ! I'm Already Making Scholarships And Shit !
Lol your adorable
Rolling in the deep
This can be a good rivalry Heat vs Bulls but bulls better chill we ain't with that
oh haha I miss him..wish I could talk to him ! :P
The heartbreaking and wonderful book Joe Cinque's Consolation got pinged by just now. Rode past That House every day as a teen.
hey u
“: The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.”
Turning my site to a profile, and soon releasing a magazine, #music, #health, #advice, got a few writers, looking 4 more!
My Week with Marilyn was superb. Bravo Michelle Williams. I think I'm in love with Ms. Monroe as well.
I can't, so you can have her tomorrow..
yeah I don't blame you at all!!! Haha
Remember to #springahead this weekend! The clocks go forward Saturday at 2am!
I ♡ !! I uninstalled tweetcaster and reinstalled like u suggested and Wallah Magic! My app works again :-)
motto for the day (and every day): give good, get good
Thank you for sharing them! Me too. Made me want to be a student again, or a photographer so I could do shoots in them.
We <3 Redrock Micro and Litepanels! Thank you SO MUCH for your continued support of our movie!
You Help A Bitch They Dont Appreciate Shit
Indeed. We knew every apartment had their water heaters in the same area so we only kept recycling and extra boxes in there.
Whatever you do, think not of yourself, but of God. -- St. Vincent Ferrer
got it
"Suit up. Square your shoulders. Lipstick is optional...and fight for what you believe in" -Vic Johnson
": I'm still thinking on that; there is not a must see act for me this year. You?"I want to but don't know
I am a bit amazed, though... Think it's the first time ever that an article about security awareness references "sexy".
yeahh. (: how have u been?! :p
It's awesome that the word nutsack is trending worldwide on Twitter!
Last high school game ever at 7 30 with the #HF squad for the TOC Championship
I wanna sleep why can't I sleep. Damn it!
": Going to the #clippers game tonight! Thanks to wifey!" Get to see slam on someone tonight
If this KS #tornado crossed 55th & Broadway and 63rd & Hydraulic, as reported, that makes it approximately 1-mile wide!
Sushi at Fishbones in SCS with hit the spot!
100 followers! Thank you all so much! I cant start a new business without running a great promotion - mention Twitter, 50% off a PC Tuneup
if target doesn't, hobby lobby has Easter stuff out and plenty of it.
My feet stink. Please RT
I love that MTU is using the resources available to them (ie, computer design students) to embrace mobile tech
"Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records." -William Arthur Ward
Release feelings of overwhelm and inability to act caused by “I’m not enough” with the word “Empathy" via
. I don't even want to click on that! Ew.
Did you enjoy a Hop n Top while there?
I'm only human. Of flesh and blood I'm made...
loves explaining to unhappy yet muscular Obamatrons that Neoconservatism Aint All That Bad after all
sounds unnerving. stay safe.
sick poster!(:
It's nearly impossible to tell if you've gotten the car wash you've paid for.
HEADING OUT FOR A RIDE-A-LONG WITH THE NEVADA HIGHWAY PATROL, TODAY!! THIS is gonna be FUN!!
Love (and Luxury) are 3/4 Curiosity. We love new friends
ikkkkkk. I was happy
...i.will be lol
that sounds delicious. Our chefs make a salmon scrapple that's really good too.
the only thing left for Nash to do before taking a FT is checking the weather...
It's called Both of Us.
I don't know what I can do for you yet...
Have to watch that, even with 140 characters or less.
It has to be right? I mean come on, a kid that age and with that talent
I've learned that bringing props to a training doesn't enhance the training unless you use the props for a particular purpose!
Omw to B.K with the fam
I cant sleep...
Tweeting from Google+ -- gimme karma whore points!
Thanks man. Happy to disappoint.
My neighbors bike got stolen, it's bright orange. We live in the NOHO area of the valley. Feel so bad for him.
When tells you about a secret door and you try to find it.
First impression Gio Gonzalez has great composure, variety of pitches, and very positive attitude.
big plans in store guys!! get excited
Last time we saw him at Fenway, he was taking a fastball off his forehead. Not a great memory.
Heading to the studio to record a couple of #jazz tracks w/Davell Crawford - piano prince of N.O. tonight. Long overdue.
oh cool! Not quite, but I got a spreadsheet of all the contacts. Once I'm physically there I'll commence phase 2
Arrests made for those who stayed in park!
How Does It Feel To Be Mean' ? #Idk .
Postinq All Your Problems On Facebook , But Tellinq Everyone To Stay Out Your Business
THANKS! We appreciate all you do in spreading the word. Conversations are the way to victory.
Yes ma' am.
"As far as I can tell, they never get up before noon unless it's a national emergency, like my leg hair."
#point lol! Because I'm over here wishing I HAD invested in apple, but what did I know? I was 10! lol
These cloudy days really do stink...
Matthew from Downton Abbey is coming to Broadway? *swoon*
decide what/who belongs in your life and dont apologize for removing what doesn't!!
Tonight on #OutdoorWisconsin, Dan joins Mounted Justice and tries cowboy mounted shooting with black powder revolvers. On MPTV 10 at 8.
... Friends are like little angles , If you fall they pick you up and show you how to fly ♥ is one of these angles ILY !
we would do the same here. They need the education for the future and just don't get it yet.
It was good. We miss you brotha!
AUNT SARE IS HERE !!!!!
Wow!!! Now I'm impressed!! YES GIANTS!!!!! And I wasn't even a believer in Manning...my hats off to you and ur team...
Are you kidding! Nobody on picked the Young Buck Brandon Jennings!
I think my favorite post season of all professional sports would be #NBAplayoffs. Let's go
I get the gay reality and music shows but I really miss the movies...new actual gay and lezzy movies.
It might just be easier to entertain ourselves with Sock Puppet Theater.
Some spammer spoofed my email address and now I'm getting a flood of bounced messages advertising crap. Grrrr.
Downloading BornThisWay Ball Audio :D
In Music Meeting- Arcade Fire “Ready To Start” just what I wanted I like it
hi if you like art come check out our gallery/music space this Sunday, many out of town acts....should be good.
Just took a 3 hour nap!
EU Court Says Computer Functions Not Copyrightable
I am so glad the Patriots are restructuring 's deal so he can stay a Patriot. He was such a valuable contributor this season.
What has been your favorite charity so far?
My..My...My...Truth may cut...but redemptive truth also heals...I feel my help coming...thanks for that doc...
Cold and snowy here. Need to snowshoe again!
It's not a rumor, Hopple Popple is BACK!
Mattress King will be at the Boulder Home & Garden Fair on Sat, August 27th at the 29th Street Mall in Boulder. Come hang with us!
that moment when you find out something you did not want to happen..
RT : will give away random gift cards for best #Instagram photos taken at the #PinkCarpetEvent tonight! Mention us to enter...
Let's goo chicago bulls!!!
sweet! I lived there for two years for university! Have fun! :D
Thanks for the Follow!
Ghost face: you better start running.
I don't hate you
Wish I went to art Basel :(
I'm finally catching up with season 2 of Downton Abbey and...is it me, or are some of the plots a little outlandish?
#Drama causes us so much confusion, we miss the point, & don't speak substance.
In a surprising act of compassion, #MichaelBay has decided NOT to shoot TF3 in 3D. Test footage is said to potentially cause brain damage.
I hate Austin Mahone. What a loser.
lmaoooooooo“: Got a reality show coming out called "Who Wants to be a Promoter?" #idcf”
Eight O'Clock Coffee >>>>>Starbucks
Thanks for the scolding hot chicken. I didn't need that skin on my hands anyway.
haveu ever heard of foxy brown the rapper?
That doesn't sound too fun. If you're looking for a break, you can always try our website. We find the sships for you.
The Feds did nothing today still riding on this fake wave a marginal recovery. GNP got to get to 5% for a decent recovery.
Awww shucks twitter friends I didn't make the cut for the voice audition! But it's all good no worries :-)
Holy crap #TheAvengers was so amazing!
AUCI up 100% already in less than 5.5 trading hours off my bottom grab of 1,000,000 shares at .0011.. I see this getting to .004+
*Hug* right back to you. Have an awesome weekend. Thanks a million for staying in touch.
#20 This is my last #100factsaboutme tweet for now :)
Colleague Diane Ehrenpreis speaks about Martha Wayles Skelton, wife of Jefferson, and her support of Virginia's troops in the 1780s.
Go get em. Guv Patrick has MassGOALS performance management program. Could auditor play bigger role in measuring progress?
EVERY time I watch #GCB I tell myself, girl, you need to move to Texas and wrangle up a Southern boy!
Zoe Saldana did the damn thing in this movie! #Colombiana Why didn't I see this before?!!!!
ew! me too!
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!!!.
AH BELIEVE IS GOING TO BE YOUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT AH CAN'T WAIT JUNE 19 BABY
I can do that I got the shirts!
You Follow Me Ill
I hate waiting on people. #NoTimeManagement Except for my brother
lol thanks you too!
great profile, thx for the follow
Will Dalton: "We are Always where we are supposed to be all the time!"
Happy 2011 2 u all!!! Hope it's a gr8 one ;)
I want to come to your school so that I can go to your cultural series. Maybe one day I'll start one...
I'm looking for a PHP developer with database experience for a project I have. Budget is in place and is a paying gig.
least you call him & text him back , unlike your best friend . thanks .
RT : #AUCohort13 is putting out the AmericanObserver today. Follow our coverage of the Japanese Festival at
ok! For sure tho:p.
Kronwall is a beast!!!
Time to write an article & press release. Back to work on the children's guides. Archaeology Expo a success this weekend. Need more sleep.
Umm... could have used Caron guarding Gay on that play. Coach Del Negro? Coach? Vin?
Today: Altered States; 5 Year Engagement; The Wedding Singer; Trainspotting with quite a mixed bag.
After I finish this
Something's gotta give! Time to switch it up a bit.
Haha. Well as usual thank you for writing. Can't get enough
thanks man miss yal
I have decided that after my show ends in March. I will grow out a mustache as awesome as your beard.
i can't sleep D;
never said that. i said lebron vs kobe storyline would be a lot more exciting than anything else. its historic.
Have the right attitude!
Andy is an angry elf
Yes they are! Have u been to the San Marcos Outlet stores???
Does anyone know of a site where I can get a free flash template for a outdoor based website
Been so weakened by allergies this whole week. Not going to gym and been eating fat and carbs a lot
you don't.
Waiting at the dentist's office to get my teeth cleaned!! So freakin hungry!!
haha good I know I am so sryy I know how much u love to cuddle with meh ;)
How did Billy Cundiff miss that field goal with the game on the line. Pathetic.
Oh jeez... I even have hate for them!
Yesterday select Harriet Fulbright College students were treated to a lecture and tour at the Ronald Regan International Trade Center.
Thanks for tweeting about the Local Arts Classroom, Jennifer!
please follow me <3 I love you.
inshallah tonight. Im stacked with classes on Wednesdays.
i know! I am trying to watch on my AppleTV!
Lol no! Babies are bad if you aren't married silly girl
2011 taught me the lessons that 2012 will require of me to put into practice.
I need someone to talk to on twitter -.- any takers?
You rock for reaching out to lost teens!
Still miss the glory days, er..., mornings at fox. Keep up the good work
I Think Your Mouth Should Be Quiet, Cause It Never Tells The Truth
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
How do you work it? Lmao, I need to know before an hour!
What you say, seems like you don't want In this
I want a guy best friend :(
Thanks for the shout-out! You're pretty awesome yourself.
not from Canada but like mine #regular from my #NewEngland upbringing.
Sometimes you have to beat them with love, choke them with kindness and cover them with hope.
Please remember to be thankful this weekend on this Resurrection Sunday - Peace and Love
RT : Eyehategod on a boat! 500 will head out at 8 PM, how many will return?
Can somebody just please be my 4,000th follower and take me out of my misery?
im good!hbu? =]
He's mailing absentee ballots to 'supporters' so how many out of state donors are sending in ballots?
When you're gone the pieces of my heart are missing you. I miss you!
but I would also like to see what you've got in mind for a writer's group.
If they make The Dance let's hope the schedulers show mercy on all of us and slot them in the Thursday 12pm'er
Fantastic. Beyond the predictable awe & insperation is an amazing sense of humor. Insight that's aplicable to our field too.
On Friday the 13th yet!
Today was so fun
My favorite 2012 ticket? Barack Obama for President. Joe Biden for Vice President. Donald Glover for Vice Vice President.
Lauryn Hill, Bob Marley, Tupac...they were saying stuff society needed to hear!
I think the Colts grab a QB in round 1...but I am just guessing
I haven't really been out in Avon much or playing any bball
I'm trying to hate on Vocal Adrenaline right now.. but yo.. Unique is killin it!
Yes, I took a day off so I could get up early for I think I just crossed some sort of foodie line.
The RT/MT question taps into academic writing, I think. When writing a paper, a quote != a paraphrase.
RT KayyChev Beer beer beer I want an Ice cold beer<< no surprise here lmao
ewww, I thought the promise of scala that you could run it in well understood java containers were that it was easy to scale
see, you CAN get through! so close!!
Does anyone know fan mail address..?
#Packers draft DE Nick Perry with the 28th pick in the
v on stage at #Ted - hope they post this too!
I have some people developing an organization to raise money for a new laptop since mine was stolen & broken.
No matter how sleepy I may have been: please forgive me for mis spelling Leslie Nielson! And again RIP
Sleep is calling ha
Last tweet about #sagawards, Viola Davis had me in tears. I voted for many that didn't win, but couldn't be happier for all those that did.
You don't have to more you don't have to speak
Dare to walk into a room and tell a story - louder is not better. Screaming is not singing. Make them come to YOU. CREATE A MOMENT!
& go to Taylor & Amber's wedding(:
Rajon Rando has 4 15-plus assist games this season. That ranks 2nd in the league to a guy that has done it 10 times. MORE THAN DOUBLE.
RT : Wonderful day brunch, hangs, desserts, sunshine, hippo head, real talk. People who work @ Fritz are so nice.
LISTEN TO US ON THE RICKEY SMILEY MORNING SHOW
Thank you and wishing you all the best also.
Again Happy birthday! :)
follow back?
Niall ^.^ it would mean so very much lol
Heading out from Seattle to #Chicago mid-day. Entering a tweet free zone. More later.
Very Refreshed. Gotta shower than head To work. (: <3.
Great day for Seafair! Happy Sunday everyone!
It's early, but check-in is open here at RIT for BarCamp Rochester!
MT : #ncpol county election canvass Tue 5/15 to certify county totals. State canvass TBA. Amendment effective when SBoE certifies
The Son's animal is licking me. I know she means well, but yuck.
SEALS, Marines and Real-Life Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Hey man, did you ever decide if you wanted that small Timbers kit? Wanna try to sell it this week to get the donation before Sat.
Five minutes later...still watching Baker Cat
Ya i know so =) lets book events for this summer..i would do spring break but im already booked for Peru & Vegas.
#Newthanksgivingsongs Gimme Gimme Some Stuffing. Spencer Davis / Blues Bros.
haha I kno I kno!!! I love you girl :) you've always had my back
thank u
are you going to be in any broadway shows in NYC, I promise I will see it!
Fall down seven times, get up eight.
I give weekly staff lunch mtgs. to discuss these issues re: 'good comm & lobbying skills' wkshp at next MW
but I'm proud of him though ^_^ he had his first concert :^) they grow up so fast *sniffle* *sniffle* :'^)
Joshua Bell, who performs with the CSO in September, just kicked off "Classical Night" on #DWTS. Talk about a tough act to follow!
if you follow me.. I get 20 $ .. But that's not the only reason.. You're my mother :) iloveyou!
Thank you! and I are so thrilled to be a part of this great Team!!!!!
I'll never be perfect, you just have to accept the fact that I am who I am.
#livegive i had it bad once i burned my arm somehow and it was huge and gross and still got a scar!
NyQuil might be overkill for a small headache, but I'm rather enjoying it...
Late night runs >>>
i told my momma we b rich one day but who knw it come tomorrow now these niggas got they hand out
wait, you have a wife!?!?!? Congratulations!
Best podcasts around including the Czar. :-)
Ugh almost 200 a month for cable and this shit is best they can do
Happy #Stabiversary to Joe Koenen! What a guy, glad you made it through.
Whataburger and daylight saving time
Get out of here! They don't want anyone to pay their bill, I'm guessing.
Remember how he "reformed" the Texas education system? Didn't quite stick.
Good stuff! Those scuttles look awesome. Def better than my bowl-in-hot-sink-during-shower-then-hope-it-stays-warm method.
Really? I can. Star players didn't step up. Need to unload Semin and perhaps others. Holtby is a huge plus for the future
maybe blazers don't know?
Idina's on hope she has more screentime soon
The madonnas of Leningrad / Debra Dean
Anyone wanna see Gomez tomorrow night?
Ack, see! Even tweeps indicate how much I need to learn.
Today is beyond terrible, I just wanna go home and cry.
Unreal game.
Beyond #Tcamp12 brainstorming session was amazing! Lots of great ideas! Any interest in multilingual Global TransparencyCamp #Wiki?
OMG OMG OMG Robert follows me <3 :D
then she not bad until she 2 then watch out lol
We just waited an hour to hear Arnold Schwarzenegger speak (in broken english) for 30 seconds.
I hate ghetto hoes with small ponytails....looking like the end of a paintbrush and shit -_-
