I Prefer Finesse Rather Than Obvious Bullshit…
Even Stevie wonder say "I see u nicca"
Aw Anytime(: <3
Fixing dinner then running at the Y
Porcello getting lit up like usual.
#iplspring "worst decision of the past 12 months" - Fleischer Studios v. A.V.E.L.A. (Betty Boop case) - you heard it here first!
IDepends on the needed task for a lot of people. Something in software, need it now, concepts at a time i specify
I heard of melatonin but am actually sick! Lol. Promise :)
Planned it out already! ;) I'm leaving my house at 9. Oh and btw, you and me and walking to the PIT which is a block away to...
Same. I've graded his test before ;P
"no fucking time for seaweed" I love Rhonda.
Malcom, thank you for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays or screenplays. Best, Matthew
Watched "Nazis at the Center of the Earth" (2012). Nazi #zombies prepare to launch the new Reich. "Sucks a**" is unduly generous.
played some soccer this morning. got a chill afternoon planned. hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
So what does the Richmond mom know about the Nittany Lion? Cheers Brune.
Apparently, that Amazon feature that pulls blurbs from customer reviews isn't showing for all customers. Beta testing, maybe?
SKD photo shoot is done! Time for rehearsal! Learning a country routine tonight! Woohoo!
Wow, the look of dejection on the United players is amazing.
Story about a man who beats up blind people. And wins.
Thanks for the mention Deb. Glad you like the decorated wine bottles.
look out world... “: Son: "Dad you're about to go viral." Dad: "just wait till I start hashtagging"”
Great to hear speak about her success with at #PRSSASDSU tonight!
Yay!!Documentary film class, exploring the human condition!
Working in the studio on a new piece that I'll be showing next week.
If the lakers lose a game: there's Haters If the lakers win a game: there's Haters STOP FUCKING HATING ON THE LAKERS!
i do not like to study
To Kill a Mockingbird is on USA!
So true!
After I ate a big bowl of rice, I spent last night watching the Knicks blow it and organizing my pinboard bookmarks and that was perfect.
eh drinking and trying to make my friday night a little less sad.
and condensation on fancily-named adult beverages
did u do the art work
get the fuck out here! Andre = Clutch!
Good luck! RT So excited. My wife is a finalist for the San Diego Unified School District's teacher of the year!!!
Awesome interview with this weekend. Love us some thoughtful public media. Interview should be on the interwebs soon!
We're going to talk term sheet, oh yeah
Ravens' John Harbaugh tells 98Rock radio in Baltimore this a.m. that Pats' Super Bowls r "stained" & "discredited" by Belichick's cheating.
u still on it?
You realize your knives are the only reason I still check luggage when flying. I can't stand to reach my destination w/o them.
WAIT! What's the exact time right now???
:) Interns only right now. RT : Hi thanks for contacting me. Does this mean you want to hire me? :)
Me too! About 2.5 years, I love it! You?
just chillin in english post to be typin an essay haha xD
University of Love. MAJOR: Godliness.
its gonna be well worth the wait tho
I'm going to San Antonio in June! Sea World and Six Flags sounds great right now :)
I need to talk to somebody. Anybody?
yeah lol because it is here too so I was just wondering
thanks(: sorry for the really late reply
me and three females in da corolla, bout to roll up, get my fucking dough up, say wudup my ziggens real quick
With my best friends of over 12 years, and , couldn't ask for better friends!
Reddi Wip + me = more time working out tomorrow..... late night cravings! Whats yours?
dear google person, thanks for showing the video we were going to show at our session.
RIP Nick Ashford
Category 24-a winner is Comcast
I hate it when people act like they have the worst life ever. Like, they're people who have cancer that are happier than you.
I used to be schizophrenic, but we're OK now.
Amtrak train is stopped with no power. Doesn't look like i'll make it in time for the amazon keynote at 9.
A fruit is a vegetable with looks and money. Plus, if you let fruit rot, it turns into wine, something brussel sprouts never do
With family and sickness and general insanity of my life, I haven't been able to keep up with Grandma, let alone Twitter.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
i liked last nite's episode of #Glee. It was good&the single ladies dancing parts made me laugh. Glee is an awesome show! :3
Mo can't go out like this. Guy is a winner and won't want to retire with an injury.
There is a dude walking around with his bluetooth headset just up and down the aisles talking on the phone. Um, working...shut it!
talks shit like he's the coolest kid around. Your heads a little bigger than mine
Hey everybody need a photo edited or a model to photoshoot, then follow on twitter and FaceBook^^
I know that's right !!
And then do interviews knowing I don't need the job. Just really string off a toe fishing method of fining a job.
What you have to do w/ lowest common denominator TV/movies to try & be relevant. All these dopey reality shows killed it
the new album ROCKS!!
": Finish this... If I could turn back time I would:"Learn in grade school that having a boy friend was not needed!
Unfolded a song request note a girl gave me last night - its on the back of a Craig's List ad for chihuahua pups.
RT : #NowFollowing #Zambia Hi from Livingstone! What's up
Commit to growth readiness, commit to scale, build and be the consitutency: 3 keys to cracking the code on scale, says
NOT at #nerdprom OR being a nerd by watching it on CSPAN, cause REAL nerds sleep so then case rise at 6am for a WV motorcycle ride!
Um..Joey..I hate to be the one to break this to you...But as a doctor,I've concluded your pizza has an inoperable tumor..
Student ministry room looks legit! I love what has done with it! If you are a student you need to be here April 18
tori and dean I <3 u both! Watch the show and just read book #3. Love love love you all!!
Thx for following: , , , and
RT Dear sneeze, If you're gonna happen, happen. Don't put a stupid look on my face and then just leave.
Attempting to walk down Robertson Blvd without making any large-scale purchases. Wish me luck!
Love it! RT : Come to the Purdue Airport this afternoon to wish the Boilers luck as they head to Houston for the NCAA Sweet 16!
Fanny Pak are leaving tonight. i just kno.
I would cry if my brothers weren't in the room.
"and so on and so forth" is actually a nice name for a Beatles song.
Wonderful news...What are the details...All the best...
You can also sell your views to brands and advertisers
Been doing my own chronological viewing of Truffaut. Would love see his work profiled on the show one day.
RT : BIG HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ~*XsXeX*~
Josh Hamilton has 4 homers and 8 RBI's tonight.
Everything is cool man. Just chillin with my lady. You?
oh my gosh. Yes! It's cute to see them poke through but not so cute to hear screaming for days and nights in a row!
Good to go, see you at 1pm tomorrow!
Do you wanna do a tinychat with me ? PLEASE :)
Thanks for the shout-out!
thanks wade. would luv to have you down in my Jazz Is a Woman course in philly
- sometime/a couple times Between today and August 31st
just spent like 5minutes trying to get my hair out of my eyes just to release that it was my eyelashes i was seeing.....
yes it would! And the awesome on vocals! A dream jam! Haha can u make it happen? I'll play harmonica sing backup
Out 1st hand of 2nd $275+20 of the day w AA vs 88. Raised limper pre, got it in when he checkraised on 78K two suited flop.
Happy Thursday!
I don't know davidsimpsontx, but I feel badly for him. Twitter thinks he's "Similar to "...
FOR REAL!! But for the record, no cats.
see? ties in perfectly with tracy's TMI social media story.
Oh funny, and I were just thinking the same thing! such a coincidence! RT : Craving ice cream
Just checked the GDoc - wow. So well timed for my summer of new media
How to get started? Come hear Etgar Keret, Sonia Sonchez, Aleksandar Hemon, and David Harrington talk about the origin of ideas at...
God I love the Kane show!-Kelly
sick story brah
Procrastination has negative effect on success in business - StandardNet
Just minutes away from a possible verdict in the Greene County church arson case. Stay tuned. Fox 27, CBS19
This new update is pretty legit! :D
Hitchcock movies gave me unrealistic expectations of how hair should behave in a convertible.
Yes I'm so happy! Gonna go eat sushi today<3
The Kardashians got 40 mil for 3 years on E!? And they say you have to work hard to be successful in America. Yeah right.
Best #askbilas question of the night by far
Is game design political neutral? Can it be?
damn it lol
are we seeing you next week.
hahahahah I'm actually doing good.
Yeah, Rex says a lot of stupid shit
Daytimes mostly (Working every evening for the next two weeks :/) What's good for you guys?
& can you please follow me ? im a huggeeeeee huggeeeee fan of both of you
": "There will never b another disco queen" no shit, disco will never come back
Tour Kick Off's ( The Eleven): Tomorrow=Sohns/The Grasshopper Lies Heavy, Wed=Hydra Melody/Montauk, Thurs=We The Granada.
Does this mean you're backing out?
“: What do you call when 2 guys fight over a slut? "Tug of whore"
well, I'll be in tampa the whole month of February. Maybe we can all reunite then!
Congratulations on 3 wonderful years!
This band is putting me to sleep -.-
140 Characters Left 120 Characters Left 100 Characters Left 80 Characters Left 60 Characters Left 41 Characters Left 22 Characters Left ...
I haven't listen to How Fly in forever, but it's a deal.
Being carsick is the worst. Maybe next time I will just pay more and take the train.
Alarm clocks are the worst fuck you in the morning
Fantastic day is complete. Super excited about future opportunities.
hey u,what's up?
So who's starting at the 3 then? Korver? Butler?
that's what I told her too -- Football fans are the worst!
Setting up for tomorrows hootenanny is s. f.
I think MT means modified retweet, like some bits cut out to get under the 140 character limit
Walmart. Where dreams die.
Now following follow back :)
everytime I put my phone in my pocket it vibrates because of your tweets.
A payment plan with the IRS doesn't mean you are out of the woods, interest & penalty issues, but you can see the tops of some trees.
I did get a tour of ASM inside. I think I would find it to work with all the views of the outside.
ikr xD dude i almost died xD why kill me?! What did I ever do to you?! o:
Tonight! Our first Friday Night Soul Review with Ben Carroll, Jeff Young, Kara Grainger, TJ Gibson, Worth and Aquile. Be there - get some!
I went to rehearsal to day and I know my stuff but I think my Director makes me nervous because I keep for getting my lines
most likely brosiff
My patients are finally sleeping. Amen!
ha! Like 'the departed' and whitey bulger. Can't wait to see y'all tomorrow.
Pretty sure the pledge program was probably abbreviated for him...
Why would you want to have more than one wife? One woman would surely keep your hands full.
fave moment was when Kaylie gave you the page of her journal (:
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." Alfred A. Montapert
stoked about finally geting a Duolingo invitation
So who's next?
A good day! Had fun discussing reading & writing with 2 different, talented women writers & tomorrow is SLANT OF LIGHT event.
Great ending in PHI - Bulls struggled in late game situations- including PG not knowing his personnel and transition defense off missed FT
i wasnt expecting to see the movie but literally begged to hav me watch Breaking Dawn with her.haha this girl
oh lol I got my white ones on
dont you hate when you lose followers?! 😠
We have a 10/10/10 winner! Congratulations to You've got yourself $10 in deal bucks! DM us to let us know where to send it!
Tomorrow begins (for me) with readings by Andre Bagoo and Vahni Capildeo, ably chaired by the
Gahh.. so overwhelmed!! I actually kinda like booking myself, I just don't have time to do it well! I can feel opportunities slipping by...
#tiger blood
#onlyskinnyppl die from getting shot wit a 22 bullet
Does the rain stop your night game?
i was ab to say the same thing. Check tweet from earlier. People are stupid.
I'm glad you said so :)
Yo Nofar- how's it hanging?
Memorial weekend equates to the start of Summer in San Diego? What about the gloom of June?
The weather is starting to get a little warmer. Are you planning a Southern Summer Vacation yet? Where to?
drinking and driving aren't a good combo.
So wait, actual scientific research isn't a conspiracy!?
I used to be Self centered, until I met God and became God Centered <3
could webinar preference be due to wanting live, real-time human interaction?
I'm at 18% body fat Bitch.
I missed place your number btw...
Great to see your team on ! Looking forward to reading your tweets.
Cuz u be whipped so easy
just tweeted your TED talk. Thanks. As a singer and as such as a healer, that was food for the soul. :)
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
American Shortcake
Oh my gosh, my heart just melted!
Rim to Rim to Rim. ~12m gain. You'd have kicked it.
When ur mentally n emotionally consumed with sumone......no one else that comes along matters or even phases u. (Stolen)
12. Minutes. Oh. My. Gosh.
Thx! We love your #SocEnt model - amazing what our communities will do when a simple model offers attractive benefits to everyone!
crown of leaves, high in the window on a gold morning
#Followback because I own several of your ZUBAZ HATS. Zubaz & Buffalo = match made in heaven
Hey! We cant wait to see you tomorrow! We are brand new! Follow us! Our old one got hacked!
Mayor Coleman on Ford Plant Closing: "It's a sad day."
lol took mi test today lol with uhm mad they in there cooking like is dinner or sumn lol!
Go follow
Had a great time in Milwaukee, WI! Next stop: Diamondjo Casino in Dubuque, Iowa! Hope to see all my Collinators there!
are you putting #SAYSOMETHIN on iTunes?:) I really hope so it's amazing!<3
Laying on my death bed.
Back home. St. Louis area... southern Illinois.
Are you at the ISS Fort Worth Show? If you are, stop by booth #342 and get 50% off samples. (Min 2 Max 20) Be sure to say hi to Tom & Mike!
I'm trying to download your music
audition for what??
Mustaches are so hot.
Ok maybe I will give it another try. I am kind of a big bang theory kind a guy. Luv that show
Lol this. RT Every single tweet on my timeline is about Osama Bin Laden. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE.
Its hot in Texas!
Bath time
point taken here comes more country
Got my tickets to !! Woo
mkayy so obviously me and jordan dont get on here much is there anyone who might wanna be on the page to so it gets updated more?
We have word that late last night the lead group in Arnold's wilderness army met friendly local Canadians on the Dead River.
Let's meet up at #stc12 -- I have a bunch of pals, like
"A manhunt is on for the stolen baby Jesus" Seriously? A manhunt? Perhaps, search would've been a better way to describe it.
just finished my bitches brew. Respect.
cheer now HOLLA.
glad your daddy found it :) see, no need to cry :) but if its coz of happiness I guess its ayt hahaha lol :) love yewww <3
I might give y'all a lil sneak peak Tom...
It was great to co-present with you! “: Thanks it was fun!”
RT : we've been told by microsoft that FEZ should be up on XBLA at around 9AM PACIFIC TIME TOMORROW MORNING.
Jameson is probably not a solid dinner option.
#PinkPost I am worthy of success
I want a 20 nuggets a mexican plate and a route 44 strawberry slush
Hi, dear friends, i just want to talk with somebody right now.. Can you?
Bobby's World my nigga.
you must be gettin' old!
Watching limitless till I knock
This is y I want to die :/
This is an and appreciation tweet.
why? Why is he like this? So much potential.
S/0 to my boo for all his hard work, dedication, and determination this semester!! #hardwork pays off, proud of you!!
I wish he understood how much I love him ! I can't wait until our baby is here . Well goodnight love you . /:
eggs smell
lln at some MB fans calling one direction gay. is that your only argument?
m I love frozen yogurt !
S/o to the homie ! for making the #shecangetit hashtag the topic of the night lmao!!
Girls cant pee in popcans.
it's not bad. It's just like someone never listening to rap, and then getting really into MF DOOM. Like, why not Jay-Z
website coming soon
Did Zumba for the first time last night. It was on Xbox kinect. I believe even the Xbox was laughing
Why should you be content with so little? Why shouldn't you reach out for something big? - Charles L. Allen
#grateful for creative collaboration! JACK is up to poetry again- "poems for the 99%" - Feb. 24 @ 7:30pm - save the date, more details soon!
Also: "Duh." RT : Oklahoma Supreme Court: Petition to grant 'personhood' rights to embryos is unconstitutional -
No :/ Still sick so I'm missing out
happy birthday!
Signing off from the live tweet session for the night. Peace, everyone.
Just returned from wine and grocery stores. Taking on Ch. 4 of DACS, while the wine chills.
I loved the love shown PHIL as he departed! ANDY you better bring it tomorrow!
#nowplaying Papa Roach - Kick In The Teeth
watching Thunder Cats
Last class of Jesus Revealed tonight! Has been informational and inspiring! Great class :)
Always smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate.
PLEASE NOTICE ME IM YOUR BOSTON COVERGIRL ! I LOVE YOUU <33
I ride the bus too and from school, if I miss it I'll just walk.
Me too! Writerfriendtalk & pastries & wingback chairs & chandeliers...we'll have to go back someday.
Important skills for hum. data cur.: Knowledge of interoperability and standards, metadata, markup, db design, project management
Watching my show
Philadelphia is weird, right?
That is really fun! Do you have any creative plans for it?
Same old picture just a different frame, waz up wit u miss feelin urself lol ;)? What we getting into today besides money?
I might take advantage of this AT&T unlock restore and set up my iPhone from scratch. Seems like a lot of crap has built up over time.
Nearly 23, but who's counting? RT : I guess after 22 years of living here, I'm a true #rva -er
Finally off work now let me listen to the rest of this game
don't forget to register in accordance to Megan's Law.
Hola cómo estás! My last name is Rodriguez #9 most popular last name in the US. I got more cousins, unless your a Garcia
#Quote2SpinBy  Success doesn't go to who has the plan, it goes to the 1 who makes an action. RT
I take ball control very seriously. I have 9 sheets of Excel data 52 rows deep filled with ball handling stats.
DG! Thanks 4 the follow! We hope u have a chance to dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success!
Im bored and hungry can anyone fix this!!
I do not approve of all these commercials for pharmaceuticals. *This tweet will not cause liver disease, nausea, or painful erections*
Come on cancun ☀💍👙
It's Gotta Be You! ONLY YOU! :)
Mom just played the word "cheat" in Scrabble which would be ironic except it's not.
Been sleep since 4:30 now i got stupid energy
I need to figure out my life like .. Now.
Wow, my arms are so tired I can't even write at the moment.
"Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire and begin at once, whether you're ready or not, to put this plan into action."...
RT : My band is playing tonight at Fuci-finos in pompano. If you have nothing going on come check us out for a great night of rock!
U.S. shoppers spent a record $52.4 billion during the Thanksgiving weekend. Retail sales climbed 16%, and shoppers spent $398.62 on average.
i hate when that nxgga is in his feelings...
Remember that happiness is a way of travel - not a destination. - Goodman, Roy M.
Nothing in life is promised, except death.
Is it possible to get Latino in America on DVD or VHS? We have an instructor that needs it in the classroom. Thanks.
thanks for that!!! xo
/// I knew Wade was gonna be the fuck-up.........like always.
Should so be in bed right now but eh it's Friday! I'll be cute! So more will & grace it is
no i didnt! But yes! :)
Did they say why? Seems to me that #LMS and tech go hand in hand.
Don't count out Fins with the Beast.
you know what's annoying? biking north into 30mph north winds.
Stoked to be with Nick @ our first comedy show together. Aight, #AishaTyler, ya better bring it! We need to laugh (but not pee our pants)
Just discovered Bread Corner Inc. with Absolutely delicious Asian inspired pastries - both traditional and modern!
Enjoy the off day! Eat right! Be ready for Saturday! You girls rock!
Ohh I hope not:/
that's good.... Hopefully it won't be cold, or raining
love the new avi! U should rename ur handle to
#np- carly ray J. 'call me maybe'
Men are born to succeed, not fail.
nice to meet you in person tonight. :-)
I just found out from that you were here today. Sorry I missed you!
Anyone using Buffer for tweet scheduling?
Love that one!
#np #favoritesong Somebody That I Used To Know | Gotye
The movie 2012 is going to be really funny when we are all watching it in 2013
Pleased that I just got twitterspam of: "somebody is making nasty things about you." They made dioramas about me? Handkerchiefs? Collages?..
Yep, dealing with this issue in the Archives lately, for an "outdated" format, it sure is everywhere
lmfao I didn't know you cared for the nba
"The objectively observed universe is only part of an inconceivably vast system of worlds. Which is not to say they exist somewhere else."
Sending out marketing information for new book released "Her," through turnermaxwellbooks.com. Time consuming!!
According to the comments on the piece, promotion & mktg in WI has been light. What would that mean for balt. race?
We're open for lunch, come by!
Is anyone else #excited for #dancemomsmiami tonight as much as i am??? :))
Last episode of The Office involves a Jim prank gone bad. Last shot is a tearful Jim & Pam as he's sentenced to death for killing Dwight.
LOVE the twibbon! Thanks for posting that!
Thanks for the follow #CHITOWN!!!
#YID rehearsal flow
If I sent you an application to be my Boo, would you fill it? =)
CANT SLEEP. Wah.
Looking at TV
new Albany! U knw the area?
During our weekly Business Meeting today, we got to see the Discovery Shuttle fly by our conference room window, twice! Very cool.
Good Morning! Let you day be filled with purpose and faith today!
Has the Internet figured out which 80s toys the other GOP candidates represent? As a kid who played with Etch a Sketch, I'm curious
He said Uncle Freddy Died! RT : Uncle Freddy didn't die.............
I call my friend nick, nickyballz and he's like why do you always call me that!? And he goes don't even tell me... ICONicBoyz?
We look forWARD to seeing you & celebrating!
how does a picture of a chicken equal vegetarian?
glad you liked it
i totally agree... how is the writing going?!
Wigginton just smashed the bat into the ground like I have done with my sand wedge on a bad shot.
Second meeting of the day starting soon. We'll be talking about A/V grants.
Sweet! Thinking Oconomowoc area. I may even try to rig one of the flamingos onto the kayak! :-)
Trying to jailbreak my phone..
3 days til i'm in da ville of NICE! less than 72 hours.... ugh
At MCO airport. Policy: cannot sell gum at airport. #?
RT ND bound! You better come see me and tomorrow or we'll cry! And hate you forever.
happy mothers day<3 i love you mommyy! #yourthebest :)
OH WOW.... #TeamAdam all day, all month, all year!
Happy Monday to you too! Hope you have a great one!
I have something really fun to share tomorrow that is completely unrelated to my atheist, interfaith, or LGBT activism... Stay tuned! :)
Won 3200m relay by like 2 laps!! Scary movie night with Nicole,Hope&bridey :)
We are at the north end of Ocean Beach at the northern most firering. look for the vball net :)
Could be an interesting week 4 Peyton and Payton
summer!...July 9th i think? wbu?
You wanted to see a game winning drive from him with 1 min left, that just happened
Today's Q: what are the vendors of challenge-based learning (CBL) ? Does CBL engage students by making the Problem-solvers?
{ CONGRATS TO YOU } WISH I COULD BE THERE..!
Don't beat up up too bad, I'm just a sales guy. <~ dude from Lenovo to me at tablet showcase lmao
I'm sure I wont convince you otherwise but Chris is an independent, one of the big reasons I took the job.
I'd like you to be right, my raison d'être is to "create and sustain a platform for others’ creativity." #future = #me?
Let's do this!
"If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves." ~Thomas Alva Edison
Why Did I Get Married on BET
215 :) ...made my weekly weight goal this morning. Wasn't easy this week. 215 is a decade low weight.
Thanks for the advice; I've been wondering what the best way to end my gov't airport massage would be!
Me too..
Hm - not near SLO, huh? Seems like they've got a little bit of funk, being a university town.
Black people only remember unofficial holidays and new shoe releases lol!!
What's your question?
Oh my god that thing isnt even human
keep tissues handy
tryouts tonight..
she thinks im you (don't tell her my personal twitter)
about to go out to the lakehouse with JiM :)
"Will Reference Survive, Thrive, or Take a Dive? Foreseeing Opportunities & Challenges"
I know how to treat his heart, I know what he likes. I know how to talk to him, I know how to make him smile and scream.! Lol latenightlove
how would you react if you got a text message from me right now?
Coming Soon: Distribution of The Trilogy. Who will it be? Rewards to the victor...step right up.
Watching nottingham beat london welsh. Well played.
Don't forget... Casper Ware will play in the NABC All-Star game tomorrow in NOLA. Will be aired at 10am PT Saturday on TruTV.
i love you to the moon and back Scotty<3 if you tweet me that would be great :)
Watching #workaholics trying to avoid the inevitable, work tomorrow. . . Oh the irony.
i'm secretly a lucky charm that you never knew about
Really man....
I'm playing hide & seek with the kids right now & they'll never find me, because they aren't old enough 2 drive or get into this bar.
Sleeping forever, night all x
TIger missing the cut??? is it real or am I in a nightmare?
I'll look for it RT : I expect fried air this year. You know, like that fancy bottled air from...
Home....gonna watch the tca :D
Chewy crazy self always singin
Zoo time! Then biz meeting.
awee my baby natalie is crying :'(
Why did say I can't believe they just did that?!?!?
Public speaking is the art of diluting a two-minute idea with a two-hour vocabulary. ~Evan Esar
I'm one leg rest short of paradise
"Prepare For The Worst., But Still Praying For The Best." -LilWayne #John ( If i Die Today )
its been a year since you followed me #ah maybe i can get you to favorite one of my tweets today <3333
RT kufeltfgs4 As a Christian any sacrifice you make (money, time, instant gratification) is small compared to the
How 'bought them O's! RT ": Undefeated in May: Orioles beat Yanks, 5-0 in The Bronx; Arrieta strong; HRs by Wieters, Markakis
lmfao i don't even know what i was writing lmfao. what time do you wanna print?
follow me xoxoxoo
2nd Saturday! Lets do this! Come see what the #firestonedistrict is all about! You wont be disappointd!
Someone should start a bank like that.
If you want our FREE Parenting CD on "Raising Superkids" please leave us your address by sending us a message!!! Thanks!!!
..yes Oritse, that phot and look of yours is so disciplined looking, am i Allowed to say 'good looking' for a 'straight' male.
Webinars are usually considered distinct from virtual events but are often mentioned together. Thanks for the interest!
I am so in love with heath slater
now I am! Thanks!
Looking for Records professionals w/ 3+ yrs of #Documentum exp for a position in the #DC area.
a sweet tea and an L is the ultimate cure for a hangover
Who's in the audience tonight at STDOAWTYGRFN??? Check in with
I just want to sit on his face.
All the Seniors are having drama with they're friends now... 30 days before we graduate.
RT : #bbcsum12 J Salter: wireless gr8 if want low reliability, bandwidth, higher $. rural areas need fiber. Wireless for mobility
TWEET YOUR #FatTuesdayMemories today!!! We enjoy them all #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua
Obama warned u RT : its the 15th and I didn't pay my mortgage yet, I #BlameATMs those bad ATMs
I enjoy writing on my iPad and while I've thought about connecting a bluetooth kb to it, I've always shied away due to bulk.
big brother couple needs to go!
everyone follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it => FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) GO EVERYONE
Yep - every day 5 days a week for a total of 36 treatments. 30 treatments to go.
Thanks Make sure to come out Wed, Friday AND Saturday this week. Friday nite is Neon Nite wear Neon & getin FREE!
Interesting announcers were so quiet when Trumbo went yard. Don't they know about Trumbombs?
FREE COFFEE TODAY - PEETS TREAT! TODAY ON CHRISTMAS EVE DEC 24TH YOU CAN GET A FREE CUP ON COFFEE. THEY ONLY ASK FOR DONATIONS IF YOU WISH
In skool, but already ready 2 get out of skool nd I'm late, diz go b a borin day, DAMN
from who??
i know, and it will get you good experience, but in 9 months you are out for another job - how does that serve the community?
I'm Playing at The Grand Bohemian tonight 7-11 in downtown Orlando Florida with Susie Parks and Connie Fay
Is not feeling the donate to Barack Obama because it's the FLOTUS's birthday.
Backatcha ! Thanks for including us on your great #FF list of EduTweeps!
Service at Friendly's wasn't that great tonight, but if that's the worst thing that happened today can't complain.
So... In conclusion fck everyone that don't tip 18% and over. Fckn cheap bastards!!!!
Doin it my way no more our way
Sure. Where is she?
Grindin like a space case
Never Say Never one year anniversary! ♥ It's been one year since you've changed my life. ♥
Feel free to check out our recent projects on Facebook or Google+. Search Barrientos Design & Consulting, Inc. Thanks!
All hail, workers of the world!
It was so great meeting you today!! Thank You! Your awesome! Love the book.
Pick-up lines from business men are laughable. Especially when they're ordering flowers for their wives. Tacky.
Can't wait to see project on Saturday and in Indianapolis Star with story.
Thanks for the follow! Love your name. Peace.
Roll up
RT : we have this kind of friendship in which i call you b**ch and you call me slut and we are still best friends!!
We have the blind leading the blind, and fools leading the fools...smh..we are running in circles instead of a straight line
Bama Is about to Stomp LSU!! Lets Go:))
.... You understand me everyone loves them and they're saying ICONic Boyz suck...smh-.- I'm right there with ya!
good morning
That is way too vague and way too wrong! Surrender 16 vs 9, 10, A, or a 15 vs a 10 only, when dealer stands on all 17's.
“: Listening to my fave He sings me to sleep every night! ❤”<< u no they say I sing like him rite haha
 “: All of these anti-science GOP candidates go to faith healers when they get sick instead of seeing medical doctors, right?”
Words of inspiration .. Your only as slow as the next person.
Browns still have no go-to receiver. How will Weeden fare better than McCoy w/ no threats?
Nor am I talking about trance. I mean a different sound than that, a big sound.
Ha! Yea1thing Bert is NOT in need of is a PR man. He is walking PR&that is a good thing. Might b president 1 day. Still 1of
"Come unto me"? Okay then. I come w/ chocolate on my face & toilet paper stuck to my shoe. I crawl, I stumble, I hobble, I fall. But I come.
Oh snap! I didn't even think of that! Maybe you'll run into him :) I think you'll enjoy his tweets.
TSA showed me a new feature for my year-old Reef sandles today... A hidden compartment. I had no idea, but sweet
Yes, the artist is and she had an instillation a few months ago at the design center in WEHO. Thx 4 thkin of me.
I love pushing the elevator door back open on someone who was too rude to hold it.
THEY ARE AWFUL HELP ME
she wears her red sweatpants on tuesday. she keeps her hair chin length. her dog wears sweaters when it's cold.
Who's got a good lawyer joke?
Happy Friday 13th tweeple I hope that black cat does not cross your path. Have a great weekend unless you already made boring plans.
True or false: sitting too close to the TV or staring at a computer screen can damage your eyes.
Omg talking to my mom, and I went totally Australian when I was talking😂 the accent snuck up me out of no were!
so much fun to meet you ladies at the GBK AMA gift lounge this past weekend. Hope you enjoy your gifts Kerry
A Bigger Point of Pride - You Me & Everyone We Know
If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it. - Albert Einstein
Sipping a Dubhe, as the UVM men finish off Bobby Knight's spawn. Thanks for this one it's delicious
Thanks! Maybe it just hasn't come through yet. I have received all of the prior emails without a problem.
You dont just wake up successful. You have to work for it.
Tepper's Appaloosa back into big banks, tech in Q1
up in computer class xD
totes jelly.
I'm ready for an adventure!
Stealing this. RT :
Spending the morning locked in (due to weather) with my baby son. Running out of ideas. And he's starting to notice... (suspense music).
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
welcome to the madness that is big blue
Top End Terminator Titanium Wheelchair Reviews | off road custom ...
you still got the same number RT : i aint get it lol
Sitting at Pollys waiting for breakfast. Taking a long time.
And the start to a long day is now
Pretty sure he's called "Big Ben" b/c his name is Ben and he's big. Had nothing to do with a Hail Mary pass.
Hey can I get yours and Taikis number I got a new phone.
today is my birthday April 29
I have a tattoo idea in mind. I've decided that if I still like it by the time I turn 20 or 21, I'll get it.
we will make it there one day =)
Come on people lets play follow the leader im the leader now GO! :D
Boston is just 2 games out of the wild card right now, and the leader is Baltimore. That's the Orioles. I think the Sox are going to be ok.
Wow what a great fight!!
When people propose contests at work I have to wonder: Are you not working as hard as you can already???
Had a lovely evening at the New England Conservatory on Sat. It reminded me what I love about the human race.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. Winston Churchill
So Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow, meaning 6 more weeks of winter...plenty of time to launch a new website before it starts warming up :)
LUKE BRYAN IS SEXY AF.
YOU'RE HIRED!
It ain't matrimony, it's macaroni
Hahaha! Go Cats
Thank god for dvrs and starting late. Zzziiiiiiiiippp...there goes the singing and dancing shue!
thanks for stopping in to re-fuel after your mountain bike ride!
hi I'm home too(:
bay my phone is off so when i get off work ill try to call you from brittany phone be if not ill call you some how bay
Well the time has come for me to call it a night. Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight & God Bless. <><
I cannot handle this.
It is really soon, but unless a movement against teams is done, I don't see this reversing. I think teams would've been ok year 2
In one week you learned about DrawSomething & the Hunger Games. By next week you'll be buying the Star and watching TMZ.
That's really a shame. Takes a wonderful idea and turns it into mass frustration.
When abortions were illegal illegal abortions were done
Another Scorcher! Play it safe and cool off at the Arcade at Fantasy Island. 20% off all merch. from 12 - 3 p.m.!
did you get your phone back?
buy buy twitter people.!!!!!
I'm going for a walk. This beautiful night can not go to a waste.
I want to recreate the monkey- squeezebox - nascar crop top scene when I'm home in May
there is no way i'm taking this school day seriously.
that deserves a retweet.
surprised me by ordering new carpet & paint for my room! So glad to be rid of the ugliest green rug. Also, best mom ever!
Let's all draw pictures on the free response part
thanks buddy - you're too kind. I think you're a pretty swell shooter yourself
I think that is the opposite of sick. The world sees everthing backwards or upside down!
Yeahh(: So Today I was walking in the commons and he turns.stares at me&smiled so BIG(: That's why I complimented his smile(:
Gettin Down To Dj Blend Omg Went To Down Town Riverside And Had A Blast Got So Fucked Up And Have A 3 Sum With Two Guys First Time Ever
It was the usual boring got up went to the store watching adam richman and then ghost adventures then going to bed
where at
hmm. The politician's story is changing. Seems to be some smoke here, and you know what they say about smoke :) cc:
And librarians love that you love library day so publicly. :)
can't wait to find out the winner!!
Communicating #flis outside of LIS. Step 2 - Establish authority, legitimacy, voice, empowerment and representation.
Chicago out west
Hope the #brewers have something else planned, Gonzalez cant hit either
S/o to local entrepreneurs making it happen
p.diddy stills rap ?
The Orioles held the Yankees to two runs or fewer for three consecutive games in the Bronx for the first time since 1978
sure! If your not already follow my other account please!
This #WBWednesday, we congratulate 9 women who are paving their way to new lives as homeowners! Tomorrow, Patterson Park, noon, be there!
well i go on spring break next week gurl so ima hit up then.
If you are going to see Bieber tonight, make sure you see it in 3D. Eyes need a shield to protect them, like the Gallagher tarp
ah fuck that actually, we owe YOU guys shots after that show. Really great. We're at Rasselas across the street...jazz and shit
Today we are at 210 Westwood Place in Brentwood from 11-130.ckn n dumplins,roast beef,bbq ckn + so much more. May God bless you all!!!!!
So long as there's Fox 'news' I guess this is needed. Boy are we a bunch of educated ones. Not.
cause now the focus will be more young justice not jla also didnt u love sb sm now are like cool now
is run towards my goals
Save me!!!
HAHAH well u better tell all your nurses to wheel in another bed and stick a few of your IV's into my arm..
Hi and thanks for following us. We love all things Brooklyn! Hope to be of service to you....~Linda :o)
third grade kiddo: "i wish i was a caterpilar."
Busted a mad mission with castro and salvador! We lost salvador! Ahah
Recycling centers/scrapyards have to be in the running for the top 10 in places you can #drinkonthejob on the down low.
RT : I want to say something clever about Honey Hole but I can't come up anything more clever than honey hole.
You did a good job hiding your protein, just so you know.
#ff Check out for a bottle of Mt Hermon Red, Reserve Malbec, or Silvae Monastrell.
Im L3G!t
Happy 2011 to you too! Still rollin along.
Had a very productive day now I'm chillin with my drink, trees, and some throwback Jagged Edge #CaliLife #SWAGG - XavierLT. com
Will send an update when I get it done, probably tomorrow (hopefully!?)
Thank you! Hope you are as well! :) And no problem!
i am not getting them :(
totally agree. is 9 foot tall and only talks about farming. Did you know Bo had a full back tattoo of an eagle and dragon?
I'm about simplification of the sound ordinances too! You can vote for Toby AND Kris Bailey (me)!
thanks jason! some of my favorite tools, stickies and colored pens. they help me think through design more than computer screens.
hahaha #wishfulthinking also moderately disturbed by how dependent I am on technology now
For there is nothing either good or bad, thinking makes it so.
I #Love San Antonio city:) now more 'cuz I know that its there:D
I just might go to Central Park this afternoon, the weather is so nice. Eat a hotdog, sit by the fountain, read.
what's yer phobia?!
Ahaha. I have pictures of Drake on my wall.
Labeling the Google Docs folder that holds all the wedding stuff "Shindiggity" has really helped me keep pretty cool about this whole thing.
GM have a good day
You better quote Mitch Hedberg RT : I feel like the people who hand out flyers are really saying, "Here, throw this away for me..."
#missingmilwaukee day 21: the RiverWalk on a sunny day
Mine & Mr.Rojas conversation RT "Why are you late to class ?" "HAHAHA bro, you're lucky i came to school !"
i hope its not just coincidence and they really have some zombies or what they will be known as --->VOMBIES!
Porcupines are fighting inside my mouth!& the park ranger is sending me to another zoo..If you've ever had a toothache this makes sense2you!
That was some ugly winning. But congrats to Roger!
Realize I never gave final score in Writer's-Artists softball game. Writers Win, the Writers Win...16-12
Death by brownies...
When I ask if we can have tonight to ourselves and you ask me what I want to do - you don't invite people over.
Love watching the tweets about tonight I had no idea you all knew each other already! That is great! Tonight will be FUN!
have fun!
Lmao lazy ass...well tonight girls free tonight at republika
the oldie or the newbie?
thnx for following me bcki know i was getting annohk g but i cant help t ur cute
interesting angle. I was thinking laziness or very poor planning
Never trust someone who cries while aiming a gun. #fail 
We like emails. Looks like we might have some big plans coming up....
Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up
I think I might be "you" :)
"Greek neo-Nazis win 20 seats, eight European countries now have extremists in parliament"
Can You Follow Me For My Birthday Plz Plz Plz & Say Happy Birthday To Me ???
Proper assessment is key in reaching your health and fitness goals. Knowing & understanding point A will only help you reach point B faster.
bud, you're a stud. IM the info. It's super cool that 's tweet again. Thanks a lot.
That's ballen!
Happy New Years Everyone! Stay awesome and safe! :)
omg, i'm gonna kill sammi. the hoe. leave ron alone.
im getting an iphone!!!!!!
great Tweet Marty, excellent to see this ... how many from China ?
RT : Yes--let's keep up the American dream where every family can send their kids to college!
see u at on Sunday night oh mysterious one. put me on your list for the show tonight if you can.
it smells so good in here...what are you doing for dinner? Come see the new location and taste some of the yummy dishes we have cooking
YES!! I was telling another girl from Essex yesterday that you all should start a new trend over there! Better late than never
haha you only have 50 followers
Sure! I watch it every year, it seems.
ooh I hate that! Current job had that too and four interviews total! Crazy
“: I'm on a seafood diet, I see food, and eat it.”
the weekends fly by so quickly
Happy Monday Tweeps! Anybody have any good kitchen stories to share from this past weekend?
Dear , while I appreciate the #MN mention on , Lake Bemidji is NOT the Mississippi headwaters
Snapping at least one hair tie a day in half.
I certainly did not get my fill of Cadbury Cream Eggs this Easter. :( I'll have to perform better next year.
I guess one question is what do you think about the concept? :) Too modern for my taste. It should fit into the community better
Did 3 miles on the treadmill come downstairs and step brothers is on 😂
Quite possibly. Eep.
IDK if I should watch or tonight decisions decisions
Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless. ~Bill Watterson
when fan accounts have fan accounts.
You get a way better workout running to and from the gym not to mention a lil tan ☀💪
Just out of work& hearing about Rose! Tore my ACL&had surgery,heart goes out when I hear about someone else. Hope a speedy recovery!
Thank you for the tip
If you cross me imma get some #PayBack!!!!
are you here yet?
Boy: Wanna have sex? Girl: My doctor said I can't have sex for 2 weeks. Boy: What did your dentist say?
During sex i scream my own name. MLIB
Oh god, watching lawyers try to comprehend addition / subtraction in Contracts was *excruciating.*
amen to that one!
Harry Neale...But I think Rob Ray does a good job Does anyone know less about a sport that they played than Rob Ray does??
Learning to value empathy, responsibility, and doing without asking.
I love you too baby <3
Two exams tomorrow, paper due Tuesday and I'm laying out by the pool
About to get some 💤💤before work
TOUCHDOWN VEGAS!!
thanks have an amazing weekend!
In for a long day of homework and college essays..
i just moved back, and with the acception of this weekend. seattle has not been very friendly. :)
I got you! Following!
Hi do you have anymore tickets for Marco Carola ?
See Dell Social Media Listening Command Center (Hilton Salon E) to see the conversations unfold LIVE at
hey, what do you think about going to #thatcamp in chicago? wanna apply with me? team topic?
i gotcha do da same and check my music out on my profile feat guccimane e class and tumtum
yeah, Carnegie Mellon University - starting in January. I'll see y'all over there!
welcome to my party
got to attend a tea party today! Thanks to the lovely kids that I am nannying for. I feel privileged that I received an invite!
The worst week I have ever had
Nahh it's alright
you've picked div 3: The scientist: the power to be analytical, and highly employable. and what would you give up in return? sleep
You can catch me in the cherry red 150.....Pun
revised: stuck in traffic b/c of obama's motorcade; ironic since i'm in boston, not dc
Lifes what you make it so let's make it right
I can't figure out the monster : (
Well, I hope mine does your mom's version justice! I use the same recipe my mom used.
Get involved. Urge your community and church leaders to provide services and greater support to struggling families.
“: Question of the Day: What are you letting go of?” Fear and having an investment in a specific outcome
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what's going on in my life right now..
I love how my name is now being used as a verb :) <3
Got it! Thanks. Will take them to the post office today! :D
Good times :)
Id like the #megamillions to roll over just once more. It'd be cool to see the jackpot hit $1 Billion (said with pinky raised to mouth)!
Lotus Flower Bomb
I still need to change my bio as well! haha. life as a college graduate.....
I just wish that you will #Someday notice me. :)
Watching #thesongremainsthesame. They didn't write songs, they created beautiful musical compositions.
At #ucf English Symposium listening to Dr. Sonia Stephens describe why fungi are a good metaphor for writing process. Pretty neat.
Aww shucks - thanks for connecting with us!
Me too, friend. Me too. I miss your face. We should talk soon. RT I want your Pacers to #beattheheat so bad!
I don't need your civil war
if thats love calling, take a message!
make that ass boucne
an ASA roundtable? I don't think so, but congrats!
downloading 500+ MB of Hanna Barbera Cartoon sound effects because fuck you that's why
yes, massively.
Why am I in sears and why is the summer set playing?
On what That's what's up how long you gone be here
Humid weather <<
#FF Thanks for the RTs and Mentions!
Agreed. Only time VoIP takes time is when user moves from branch to branch. Most of my time is with the online banking system.
That might be what I have to rely on this afternoon. Especially since I've got reference duty.
it's true he should have come out w/it before... but I am still very happy he chose to do so
Description: Seeking participates for a large focus group to be held mid-July
thanks for your support and RT!
Evil runs on pasta. :) hee hee She's only a little evil actually. :) Any more growth spurts & she'll shoot past her older sis!
True point! :)
My phone sucks. Omg.
Spending $200 on a family of four to eat and not leaving a tip.
Very nervous to start my new job. I just hope it doesn't suck as much as the last
"You like a nigga wit a blunt and no lite, you sparking shit, yall toilet paper mouth type niggas stay talking shit"!!
#hootfest2012 #Teenhoot thank you everyone for sending the links to so many talented artists to be considered for Hoot Fest. :)
Just had a table of 15+ special needs adults
RT : Take a moment from your busy day and just dance. #hearthappy {Yay! Needed that dance break!} :)
swag winter is what i'm gonna name my band once I learn music/meet musicians
Having 2 tests on the same day will never be easy ughh
NFL network's draft coverage is legit
You're full of beans, birthday-boy.
Between watching the Apprentice, the Oscars and political ads a guy could end up in an altered state of reality...beam me up Scottie!
i had the most intense dream ever :'(
GUYS ASK ME SOME QUESTIONS SEND ME A # ILL ANSWER ANYTHING (: DO IT
I've been great missing Dallas like crazy... You?
The heart of hypnosis- dr king's snippet of info
Thanks for the help. James, Talent Showcase Radio.
#moverslongisland available at Your request! Affordable rates, professional crews! Always a great experience with Movers Long Island!
Do you have #tigerblood?
agreed...it depends on the situation. Maybe I'm just a little wary of attributing happiness to money at all. It makes me sad.
it's against his religion. duh.
: "Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much." - Oscar Wilde
Got my half marathon packet
me too.
Let me put on some music, shower and sleep! Done studying for the night!
Actually excited for Halloween this weekend! going out with my gay husband and friends downtown :)
Heavy is the head that wears the Crown -
he got hurt in the Carolina game
um now.... you text me, that is how this works man. (:
Just another blow to make me feel less worthy. It's fine.  I'll be alright without you.
HOLY FUCK!! This Man City game was amazing!! Congratulations after 44 years they have won!! Holy fuck the fans have ran on to the field!!!!
The conversation in my morning meeting...you don't want people coming twice do you?
#FF , host of #GrindandThrive. Such a great show with amazing interviews! Love it.
Sometimes this can be a more cost-effective choice, depending on where you rent from
RT : She has a booty though. Im a ass lover myself. <\3
Hip hop squares!!!!
WE CAN MAKE IT SHINY AS HELL *hugs phone*
well said. rents are going up because banks are not lending.
#ImA mountaineer maniac
it's not easy being cheesy! *pop*
thanks for the cutest picture ever!
Thanks for the follow
Guys dissapoint me ! i donnt understand your reason for cheating when you have an amazing girl in your life. Smh.
come back to buffalo
woah... lol sorry. Wow, u guys waited forever, n they never came out? :l they probably left through another door.
that's what I thought!
The first ride I had I went to Sandia peak. It was a bad idea. thanks for the trail info. Cheers!
This week is fabulous.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. - Elbert Hubbard
More or less severe and prolonged
Today we are filming the candlelight vigil scene. If you are interested in being an extra please email
I really do love our LA listeners! Hit us up sometime and tell us what you think!
. Sorry just now responding...for Dan Rather b/c he was in town to speak. Not sure why Garfield Park.
Doing tons of homework on a Sunday night.
Shame on Culver City for having zero sales people on the floor. Thanks to Roger who eventually helped me with my new tv! :)
Join Chris&Dave promotion tonight @ tru. Get on our list
Judge me if you want but I will be seeing in concert as so as he tours again!
im just trying to make music...
no I like my job. I just wish I was scheduled another day😊 duh
Awk moment when ass workouts don't make your ass bigger. 😁
-thanks for the names!!
coming to now!!!!
KU played much better than I expected. #Mizzou too tough at the end. Can't wait til they meet up at The Phog in 3 weeks!
*gives ibuprofen* i am too accident prone. :(
Many people die with their music still in them
I want ice cream so bad.
Whit.li magically divines your "psycho-social" profile. What does your social networking say about you? Find out at
glade i made it to see 18 gotta thank the lord for keeping me!!!!
woo hoo!! (I picked all ACC teams to go to the 2nd round - at least!)
Thanks for the follow. Would def be interested in learning more about your company!
Tonight on ABC5 News at 6: We talk with the DSM man who was accidentally shot in his chest while playing a game in his apartment last night!
Teaching class, ran into a PIT performer crossing the country on bike performing Shakespeare. He sat in on class then I watched his show.
You had them? :o girl your crazy!
TY so much !!
Who knew we were so famous?
The Dolphins have started 16 quarterbacks since Dan Marino retired
if u wanna fuck on me u gotta suck on me....
Heading out to find Lawrence the homeless artist on the streets to deliver & install recharged wheelchair batteries.
3 things I want in a relationship: Eyes that wont cry, lips than wont lie, and love that wont die.
Ok on Monday start using nicorette again and on Tuesday start running again. More cost effective than buying bespoke suits...
Now on set...RIP Sean Bell
tried DMing you but it's my letting me -- are you following me?
please follow me for a bit so I can DM you. Thanks!
How am I just now discovering this? That's amazing.
Congrats ! The librarians at Miami University just passed an Open Access policy.
We know it's getting cold out. We want you to stay warm! But follow the rules -- no hoodies and no non-school jackets! Bundle up!
Community Impact Arts Leader winner Teresa Osborn of the arts leader who has impacted a much loved #Gwinnett arts org!
Joahkim Noah even looks awkward while he's clapping on the sidelines
Yes my Clippers won!!!! Yeah celebrating too early
what the hell is wrong with me?!
Not sure who's more inaccurate in their 2012 predictions...the Mayans or Digger Phelps.
That's what I thought. Either he got hacked or his ghost thinks this opportunity to make $10k a month at home is very important, lol
is a fucking traitor!!!!!
// just got a little sad that I didn't bake my mom anything for Mother's Day this year...
GDIAB MY MOM SAYS THAT TOO. they are so alike...
Totally awesome. :)
Loving Diane Ackerman's "A Slender Thread: Rediscovering Hope at the Heart of Crisis"
ANNOUNCEMENT! I'm working on a new album, this time it's gonna be serious stuff. I can't wait to do this :)
Watching Tom and Jerry in between classes is becoming a regular habit for me. Its such a good cartoon even after all theae years!
Keep working #Bulls!
where ya at boi
Love your stuff. May be lookin' for a companion CD to go in the book Officer Down. Love to have something from you.
the plug djs, #thesockets &the whole #ilovemyplug fam gone b in #figure8 on saturday!come party wit us! $1 Entry & $2 drinks all nite!
have you added me on facebook yet? www.facebook.com/jenniferrenaebrown
Sunday is a day of rest. Make an ice cold drink, kick your feet up, and enjoy yourself.
what color is your tweet deck icon
come back in. I am bored!
Two more episodes.. Then on to True Blood!
My ninja
Don't Lazy
Thnx 4 the follow Neil - pleased to meet you. Looking forward to more tweets from you.
Im so tired of t mobile!
Just checkin to see if you actually twit or just have an account to look cool...! HA!!! The twitter clock is ticking...
I have NOT but I shall now that U mention it!
Today, at least 15 Nick Mara's randomly added me on facebook.. OH IF ONLY THEY WERE THE REAL THING
Yeah, well FUCK YOU.
I live next door. I'm tempted.
Musical word of the day: cembalo (n) - a harpsichord
lol... well now that would be unfortunate!
I'm definitely starting to feel my "pornstar butt and hollywood thighs" workout I did yesterday....
wow, that looks great!
romantic? I would say trust, love and that you both are on the same spiritual footing.
Minister Pandor: "Access to education is not the problem. The struggle is WHAT students learn & how they process it."
Girls become lovers, who turn into mothers
Super cool. Where are the #DC #internet lovers?
Thank you, girl! Congrats on the new gig!
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment-Jim Rohn. Keep smiling.
#WhoEverMade --> The New " The Looney Tunes Show " Made Lola A HOE #ThatAinnWinning =/
#CC250 please sing
Thank you for the retweet!
Hi, Kathy! Are you by any chance, Jennifer's Mom?
Steak n Shake on a school night because Nick and I crave it lol. If you need me, text Nick's phone.
Found my prom dress in closet! I'm going to look like a mermaid!
you should call your fans Gillianaires :)
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. ~Anthony J. D'Angelo, The College Blue Book
All the World Knows Eminem is the King, just isn't Necesary say it 'cuz .. You know, we all know it :S
Heading to a zumba-thon this morning....2 hours of #Zumba to benefit organization that works w/ students w/ #autism and other disabilities
I have a feeling his grin is going to meet around the back of his head.
German I?
WTF? Just saw a video of Alicia Silverstone chewing her food & spitting it into her baby's mouth. She knows she's not a bird, right?
Reviews done. Now hiking shall be commenced.
Headed to The Cinefamily to see TURIN HORSE and MY NEIGHBOR TOTORO.
:) hope tonight was great...drive home safely!
so did I trust haha
What to do...breakfast or Brunch??!
Thanks!! Yeah I had major fun!! Love that place!! Wish I could have played earlier and longer but I'll be back real soon!!
Don't worry, it will all be done in a week and then you can sit back and relax, maybe have a drink on the island.
Good Morning to all our new followers! We can't wait to start rolling out some new faces next week! Stay Tuned...
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine." ~Anthony J. D'Angelo
of us thats why i took two , but yes & im sorry :o
Vinyl is now a possibility!
Tweet tweet ya'll and ya don't stop
To look like a buffalo?
I’m a perfectionist when it comes to being imperfect.
The conversation I just had with john. >>>>>
Grinders dont take summer breaks.
the people who sent them there. How often does that really happen? It’s not to say they can’t have their own opinion
Why do i feel like i always put in more effort than what im getting back..
Did I see Indonesia as one of the 's locations?
Turned in my MA thesis proposal last night...just waiting to hear...
If you aint gotta dream, you aint got nothing
In December we will be open on Sundays from 9 am - 2 pm. Stop by the store and enjoy lunch or do some shopping.
Yeshua answered, "I am the bread which is life!
Watching some of these kiddie shows that are on Nick Jr or PBS Kids Sprout is a pain
Devils had this game and then it just slipped away.
Need some help channeling teens in Milwaukee. Can you help?
Universally Friendly (UniversallyF) thanks for the follow.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success
.cant get tickets to a concert cuz its far away so do u think if i started walking that direction now, i could make it by summer?
sex me up
I'm only a Raider Fan...I don't care if they were the Alaska Raiders. Lol
#swbayMEGA kicking off right now!!!!!!!
I only have a half ounce of creativity....what does that get me?
Cary Grant on the big screen. Yes, please! Charade is tonight's Winter Nights film
Maybe not Cespedes but there will be moves. You can hold that to me. Every team (including the A's) that are out of it trade.
Will your present actions and view on life set you up for future success .....#vision... without vision you and yours will perish
In many countries, new brides put bags w/ chicken blood in their vagina prior to first time sex to prove the hymen was there before marriage
job well done on KCBQ 1170. D7 & SD concerns well addressed
San Jose sharks just left the building! Yes, we fed them a delicious breakfast.
Kudos to ! They're a finalist in the "Executive Leadership" category at the
People talkin' bout how a girl fucked/hooked up wit everyone
Great first session! Thanks - now I&#39;m pumped about the rest of
I saw u! Walking with ur friends after school to the ROTC building! But I was too lazy to scream ur name! Hahaha
I'm irritated as hell right now I love to help people but today I'm ready to go home and do my homework
Rango pulls out #Oscar gold. What a bad animated feature.
Monday #Marketing Tip: What is your competition up to? "Google" other dealerships and compare how you line up.
lol that's usually what I think ppl do and I apply anyway, I just started a new job if it was a freelance position I would
Adam Jones with his second of the night. 4-3 Mammoth, 11 minutes left in the 2nd.
Some  Lo Mein is calling my name right now. I think that's what's on the menu. No cooking today.
Looking for some fun Philly events for this weekend!!! Tweet at us so we can retweet!!
birds of a feather flock together? Misery loves company? Many hands make light work?
3rd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 14..Chargers/Cowboys (48.5)..#Take_The_Over...a shootout in Dallas...lotta talent both sides of ball
After four days of #mcn2011, back to the office with too many ideas to implement. Thanks to all who made this such a great conference.
Bored and cold. The two things that I hate the most!!!!
Sorry to hear poet Adrienne Rich has passed away. "She was one of the great voices of conscience & lyricism in American letters" -Louise
Not sure about NFC in iPhone 5, though. Seems like a decent bet?
I'm looking to expand my collections management and exhibit content development network in Chicago - I'd love to chat!
Oh x-men damn cool omg. <3.
my mom made them yesterday
Thanks for the RTs, everyone! Tickets go on sale tomorrow for #Haiti benefit concert, Rock to Rebuild. Stay tuned.
A few #ff that love
that's pretty much where I am. Use of the data could be problematic, but collection... I don't know.
i love the voice i get when i suck in the air from helium balloons! 😂😂😂
RT! Same shit I said ": Craziest shit about niggas that hate the HEAT, they watch more of their games then their FAV team...lol"
We are giving away a FREE 3'x8' Mesh Vinyl Banner to the first person who can get a design sent to us by 12am. Email on our site.
and are not fooled by your Detroit Mindset!!!!
has an apt aphorism about the waiting for the bus;
Arian Foster returns to practice and millions cry as the better back must take a back seat.
“: with that $$ you could pay someone to write it for you - LOL” damn right haha
okayy how was yours?
I think I pissed everyone off today...
Participation in competitive cycling has grown across nation. USA Cycling licensees increased 66% between 2002-2011
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love. - Stendhal
Heading to aspen for the weekend
Thanks for pointing out that internship cuz
The professor surprised me. He did away with all four assignments because the class didn't get the learning outcome he expected.
“: "You look happy. Let me see what I can do about that." - Life”
story of my life.
I love my followers:)
when you coming to the chi?
Thank you so much. Sad we won't see you but there in spirit!
The center from Wisconsin reminds me of a cross between Tyler Hansbrough and John Rocker. Maybe a little Luke Harangody too.
I think I made the right choice going back to Lexington for the night. I guess my windshield will live to see another day
Wow. That was <fast>. Were you able to access it for the last couple of days that I've been working on it, while it was IP?
It's so green and beautiful in the park. Usher's "Confessions" is the soundtrack for tonight's walk.
Omg Happy Bday Melanie!! Hoping to see you on #AngerManagement, where no meat explosions exist :)
Ppl keep thinkin I'm a mime w a green face but rly I'm The Mask from a specific scene
If I could write this era (of American history) needs a John Steinbeck.
Day 2 of #TASAmw and we're excited to meet about #immigration needs & hiring foreign teachers. Come by booth 1814 for details!
Lol RT : Sometimes I take a piss and feel fucking spectacular when I'm finished. I guess that's pissing excellence.
yeah i am going to NY one day
okay hun I'll let her know...and tell your moms the samething x
We can only hope!
Every belief is a leaf awaiting autumn.
Russ family bout to invade the wicks in middletown, watch out
Happy Birthday to one of my favorites !!
This week has bent me over a barrel and shown me the fifty states. I need to refresh. Also I have this strange urge to listen to R. Kelly.
You don't wanna see her birth on TV? Imagine it to be like "Alien" - blood, guts and a creature attaching to people's faces.
Laying in bed with my mother while she's watching her novel and I'm watching episodes of Heroes.
bit.ly/1dtous we are already teamed up with #Bring1DtoNYC #Bring1DtoChicago #Bring1DtoDetroit for all of us can get ahead!
Big room overlooking the Bay! At least my stay at Tampa General has a great view!
awww lynette and tom!!!
I kind of want to make business cards that are laid out like Pokémon trainer cards... This is a good idea.
ah! so excited!! Austin's on the radio in couple of mins!
Only a spring practice, but this will be a multi-year rebuilding of this offense.
Hahaha you wish, you know these cousins equal trouble
there are lots of artists in the area, but nowhere to exhibit their art.
bs-s: a key folklore scholar
It's so good.
Nice pick , he'll be playing for the Nuggets in no time!
The discover tab on #NewTwitter is pretty cool. Nice to see the expand their offerings. Now hurry up and give me a mute button and filters.
Bright and shiny tweet
MT The pineapple and the hare won't count against students on NY State regents, Commish King says. Due to "ambiguous nature."
Meeting 930, 12, and 5pm welcome to the real world!!!
I'll rather be ugly in one picture than have a 4 picture collage wit every picture on their be ugly though😂
sweet thank you so much! tell all your friends about JADED! Keep in touch for updates!! <3
what are you doing to help? Take a billion out of education?
I will have to say chicken liver crostini (with fried bread). Or perhaps the ribollita soup...How about yours?
Thanks so much!! :)
Jammin out to on this beautiful day!! :)
follow back? :)
Who wants to keep me entertained til 6:30?
I'll be sad if they cancel #Community, but honestly- how long were they expecting the show to last, they are in 2yr community college
we did?
Global Industrial Rubber Products Market to Reach US$88.5 Billion ...
Let's go Bruins!
Ur actions have shown me Coltszilla is bush league. I don't need to learn that. I can make fun of things I don't use
was the mole inflamed?
FREE Solar seminar this Thursday, March 1, 7:00 PM, Clinton Firehouse. Please join us. Andrew is excited to meet you.
Game day today! Nerves are starting to kick in a little.
Happy Mother's Day beautiful fairy friend!!!!! I love you
my bag fam winter hours lol well will be open Monday at 12:00pm
I need you singing on a song or two with my artist ....... Wats good?
but i went in on those motherfuckers tho. i cant believe these ignorant ass people
what is your character in BABY DADDY?? R u the main character?? I still can't believe u and r going 2 b back on tv!!!
Right now: talking #WeCanDoBetter during this National Child Abuse Awareness Month.
Got Rhapsody? IMVU? Napster? Myspace Music? Search us! "Tex and Rook"
you & me both! #proudofit !
Great advice! Not just for kids, sadly adults bully too
Some think winter’s the worst. But for a Packer fan, it’s spring – time to dust off your cheeseheads to prep for Training Camp.
Ya know what's a weird word? Plump. Just say it out loud. Plump.
come get me NOW lol
I agree!RT : Is it just me or are the chefs on this season's kind of lame? No real stand out. Sorry
Men: take control of your health and hygiene. Go to the doctor/dentist. Don't wait for a woman to "mother" you.
Show is almost complete! Working hard. Revisits start this week!
Finally got to see the new section of the High Line...wondering why they used a real lawn...that's a maintenance nightmare!
I'm starting to get fucking tired but I know that the second I lay down I'm gonna be wide awake
i know i am confused.
at my dads .. U over ur moms?
it's hilarious!!
We'll post episode 4 of #DOARTV once the first 3 episodes reach 500 views each! Get to watching/sharing!!!
I hate myself for messing things up with you but things happen for a reason right? Right?!
like a real turkey?
People Germs are MSG: not good for you, but strangely addictive. Note: enduring success of bowls of wasabi peas & peanuts at bars.
just did
double hatter?!
wbat brought about that decision?
GET OUTTA HERE!!! You are the man!!! RT won conference..congrats on that A for your business class.
thinking about the inane stuff on Yammer?
Pretty stoked - by end of day all the videos on our website will be viewable on an iPad
Wait, what??
Ty Chris..Very Nice to meet you...100 points and the Power lose,Jack Ham was going crazy in the Box lol
leopard flats or tan wedges tonight... going for comfy and cute.
best day ever so far
A very sloppy game for #Brewers. It sucks when you get jacked up for a baseball game only to feel disappointed by the 2nd inning.
Folks shouldnt be dancing in the streets, but ppl can feel a hint of closure for the justice they were served. If thats celebrating, then...
On the way to Phoenix on the way to #brewersfantasycamp. Got the WiFi going on on this #Southwest flight.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Glide Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Such a frustrating day!
,to tell you the truth im very sorry but greatfull that im alive
you mean my girlfriend?
switch of birth and teen mom tonight :)
Probably not going to go to Extreme Thing so I can get my board and watch the Hunger Games when it comes out :P
Texas Tech coach receives a yellow card
So how soon do the #Saints have to vacate their Super Bowl victory?
#2ThingsIAppreciate 1.My brothers and sisters...and 2. because he is beyond family.
what do you think. He's got a good track record and seems no nonsense but I don't know if he's gonna be there a long time
You are welcome. We are looking forward to it!
so happy that Dog & crew made it to 8 seasons! Can't wait for the new episode you are so full of wisdom <3 you!
Thanks for following me You're all bark-tastic!
Ya know, Newark, Delaware is not so bad. But that's just the thing... That's all Delaware has to offer :-|
eyyy I'm eating pizza too
“: You can thank me now” thanks
You know who I miss? Owl City.
Fuck the Bears.
RT : Students will work harder to break DRM than they will work to study.
why me .......... sometimes i wonder how my future gonna be in 4 or 6 years im 14 almost 15 and i hate it cant wait to grow up!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yo Springfield, Missouri folk... anything special going on tonight? Eh? Anybody? Anybody?
A favorite of mine, sans thumb-sucking.
Dumb phoning my tweets
just a girl, i'll let take over my world.
