Union Station is not the place to be when you're feeling a bit crowd shy.
"What we want is frequently at odds with what is right.."
So excited for my spa day with my mom tomorrow! It's gonna be a great birthday!(:
Chef Torsti Uotila from Finland is hard at work in the kitchen. Better enter to win a VIP reception by RT this!
Hello twitter
Reading Kindle on bus = nausea.
It's hooka time!
We are so soft. If Novak is going to get a foul anyway, chop LeBron's wrist.
Ok. So you can't remove the scars that result from the terror of rape.But wouldn't you like to help dry the tears of one woman in 2012? One.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BROTHER JOE!!!!
Yes, I'm coming too! Yay we can finally party together :) It's been too long!
HELLZ YEAH! Glow sticks will be awesome!!! And dude me either!! Im going shopping this weekend.
New #GeekTrivia question from : In Batman: The Animated Series, who was the actress who voiced Harley Quinn?
I guyz I just came from school because I was "sick" and Happy Birthday!!!!!!
I had the money with me!
a what u doing
Holy cow does that girl know how to talk my ear off or what
i mean you have EVERYONE watching. you want golf to grow and casual fans only watch Majors. don't know if it's a productive hole
Sorry but #PDX11 GOES TO ELEVEN!
Today: two presentations. Tomorrow: thesis work. Sunday: all day on a canoe in the name of science.
Woo! Another Washington fan! :D I'm Michelle :) x
Time to crash & burn, F1 race 7:30 am
: Rite! I hate dat bitch! Lol!
Yes now winning by a fairly solid majority. Don't imagine the Telegraph will trumpet this result.
that's all that matters... Lol
You can purchase Specyphi on iTunes and amazon.com thanks
Follow back please? :)
I will do my best. What about Arnie? Talk to him anymore?
triple play=me jumping up and hitting my head on the wood
Early Afternoon Score: Large Icicles on the Edge of our Roof: 1 - - Andrew : 0.
Farewell to Blue Angels - good SeaFair show, now time 4 Thursday's tasting at Bin. Be one of the lucky tasters, apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Lentil. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I don't have no more vacation days left for the entire year....
George Zimmerman's hearing is over. His next official court day is May 29th at 1:30pm.
what adaptogens do you recommend?
Govt programs r not compassionate; they require confiscation of wealth 2 exist. Compassion is giving 2 others without coercion
but it's a REALLY GOOD ONE. You better not.
Looking for a candidate for Weber Shandwick at the AS level who will work on one of the firm’s largest global healthcare client. Doing pati…
Hahahaha ah I love him :)
wish I had somewhere to go to get away from my problems then sitting in the house where they are
That awkward moment when Eminem raps faster than your Internet connection.
I want a white range rover with leather interior pls
Charles Barkley still wearin suits from before he started weight watchers....
It's #blackfriday! Time to get your Christmas shopping done so pick up your sperantsa hats downtown now!
really U COULDNT FINISH THE JOB LMFAOOOO
wins coolest chick in world award for the 38th week in a row. She's a babe!
Follow then retweet this post and enter to win a ticket to SXSW Interactive!
Time for some amazing dinner :)
please follow :-)
:thank you again everyone! :)
Thank you to for being there from the beginning.
have fun!:)
Are you delivering in SE now?
Sorry about the strange tweets. I was obviously hacked and have fixed the problem.
Samsung Galaxy S Advance marches on UK
Trash pick-up on public streets is the law. You want to change that, overturn people's ord with public vote...
I did in Northeast LA
As a kid, I wanted nothing more than to be either Kyle Reese or Cpl. Dwayne Hicks.
It's alright everyone! The #Tigers will win tomorrow. It's #LeylandBall: win one and lose one. The bad news, if you have tix for Fri/Sun
Im havin a ton of fun out in Earth Night Club..... Trinity Gold Just Performed... Went So Hard
thanks for the shout out-slash-writer's welcome. ready to put in some work, so be hard on me!
Just signed in as a #ism2012 volunteer! Getting ready 4 ! Twt me if you have questions about #ISMConference!!
Who is at #SportsExposLV today?
phelps killing the fantasy squad #handwave after tonight's game
Perhaps, but the passing on of the *father's* name reflects a Christian worldview, and very strongly.
From the same people who brought you We Shall Overcome
"Raylan" by Elmore Leonard is a great read, especially if you are a fan of "Justfied"And even if you're not.
I'll love life if I was rich and a model.
This heart monitor is driving me nuts. My chest also hurts
In The Name Of Jesus You Are Healed!!! Hallejuah, Osabadadbadaba
Tip: Plan a fitness routine with F.I.T.T., Frequency, Intensity, Time and Type to create a workout plan that will truly provide results.
“#Aquarius and Pisces: As friends or business associates, these two are a powerful force that could save the world” aye
I can't wait till Thursday to watch Punk'd!!!!!! is going to be on!!!! RT if you're going to watch!!! :)
I second that motion. Well I'm technically third lol *fist pumps*
Saw your SXSW post - if you rally museum peeps and would like a tour of , let me know - be happy to show y'all around
Oh was that you? We resident New Yorkers are wondering who is such a noise. OK, nothing more to see here.
Ok. Im ready to compromise.
Nice! I like friendly girls like that.
been awhile lol
Who got something from us within the last couple weeks? :)
Why do I feel sick ❔👎
three bags! You're insane, woman. That's a lot of, er, baggage to carry around =)
I don't know what else to do, I'm falling in love with you. <3
Glad you could join this evening.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
time just flies when you're writing/arranging - yikes! the whole day's gone already!
#iwishicould fuck one of these fine bitches I'm following....
aye watch yo mouth
Don't let them get you down. I know you'll get things going. Appreciate you very much.
Agreed, always has been my favorite weekend of the year. Taking the WIAA tourney away from Madison would take away some of that
*quirks eyebrow* unh hunh...I won't ask. *chuckles* but yea...
It's not May 4th in the US yet but okay...happy birthday !!!!
A big welcome to , who joins the social team today!
The kids keep singing "Siamese don't like it, not the cat's fault" to the tune of Rock The Casbah
A handful of rumors have emerged from the DISH Network camp this week, including a wireless broadband service to select U.S. markets, a new…
i've been counting down since her jam session on #monique. She is amazing!!!
yes girl and sky high heels !
A bird can love a fish but where would they build a home..??
Don't know whether to snort or groan (social translucence + clarity).. Doing a little of both.
#KimKardashian's failed marriage... What a waste!! That's what happens when you're sitting too pretty in the spot light... You get burned!!
Then we really will get mugged. ;)
Today fuckin sucks
Very grateful for the support! RT In that case, break a leg to you both! (just to be safe!)
Everyday everything is sweeter than the day before sweet baby!
The operation was a success! Managed to break into my iMac, swap out the dead hard drive with a new one, and restore it via Time Machine.
Lol Nun Much .... Whats Up With You?
got a wonderful watch from ! I love it!
At the rate they sign Quarterbacks, you have to wonder how close Manning was to signing with the #Badgers over
I got a + at home and - at the dr also. They had me wait until I was two weeks late before getting a blood test.
I can't make it tonight. I had to deal with some non-work stuff this morning, so I need to catch up on some real work now
Knowledge will give U power, but character respect. ~ Bruce Lee
Have enjoyed the photos of your trip, Jay! Y'all have a safe trip home.
Godfather saga...sawed
you are not old, and homestar runner was awesome.
Go hard today, can't worry bout the past cause that was yesterday
NoTomorrowArtists.com is live..absolutley nothing on there but it is a living site first step:) we are all very excited for what comes next!
Come for the sticker, stay for the democracy. Don't forget to vote in #DC today!
Thank you so much for sharing!!
I'm seeing HTML5 and CSS3: Does Now Really Mean Now? at SXSW 2012.
It stopped raining and mom is going to the store. :o)
calling in to the country club and telling the manager that taylor dowling put cockroaches in my salad just to get her fired
Visiting the Mall and knowing as much as I do now about history due to the work I have done as resident makes it more special.
Less than 2 hours till beer pong madness goes down @ Hennesseys. $5 per team. Any followers should show up!
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
I swear, every time I look out the window it is raining harder then the time before....
honey, don't divorce me. I will do better.
I still remember when Justin DM'ed me on my account saying "Request One Less Lonely Girl and One Time at KISS FM" HAHAHA
97.3 The Eagle wants to know - what does Southern mean to you?
Fair is fowl.
Midterm grading finished at last. Time to open the pinot noir and dark chocolate.
the pebble watch
Im so obsessed with one direction!
Today I want all women to think with your MIND and not your BEHIND .......
he sure is trying
The world is changing very rapidly. Big won't beat small any more. It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
i messed my beliebers :'(
Pfft do I have a boyfriend? Of course not I have husbands ;)
I can't sleep :\
Crack kills.
haha now I follow your strategy!
White is NOT taboo in October! It is all about FABRICS and what choose to pair with it! Try white jeans, fall sweater, oversized earrings.
ce in Gods arms. I miss you Jameel:(
That moment when you mean to p/up the cinnamon to put in cookie batter...instead you put in seasoning salt...I might be onto something tho!
I'm alive still if Bucks win it!
Just in case anyone is curious, The Killer Angels is still amazing.
great ncis last night
"Little Bad Girl" by David Guetta ft. Taio Cruz and Ludacris
Selena u ar lucky to hav jb even if u ar my idol an u ar whit jb an l llllllllooooooove him its cool l wish u both luck lov ya mwa :)
ALLOW ME TO FUCK YOUR FACE.
Hey! Who's got two thumbs and has one less job than he did this morning?
Jurass Five Finish First bumpin from a dude's car... Makes me think of San Diego and good times with
Check out our own #bail agent Ricky's band! Follow
T-minus 1 hour until Amish Monkeys liftoff!
Ready for fall and some Pumkin Spice Cookies- yum!
Justin please follow me!
Thank you God for a God LIFE!!!!!
Happy! My 8th grade aau team won our tournament at North Laurel
LeBron passed that ball like it had herpes.
So true. RT : The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
#Survivor tonight - what in the world?
I awake with this wonderful feeling in my heart that tells me everything is going to be more then ok GOD has been waiting on and I'm ready
thanks & hope you have a good week-end!
I will be on Sunday!!!
Not sure which tea/herb to try? You really can't go wrong with any of them! They're all helpful in some way!
Joe Versus the Volcano
Set sail with the new cruise getaway promo, sweeper, and cue 2 call on
AZ if you need tickets for the Kirko show get @ me 623-760-7518 & we can met up
Nice shot! Enjoying the calmness of it all :) RT Gorgeous day in DC! yfrog.com/klo3uuaj
Chinchillas clean themselves in a bath of volcanic dust. so, you know, just pretend you're a chinchilla for the day.
drunk. burn. ouch. i'm an idiot.
The second street clue is coming, the 1st is a street with a boro name...
Im sorry, #Tweetdeck 0.38 was/is WAY better then the New One (1.3?).. Can't resize columns down and no Sticky Edit Box?? BO
what is this I hear about alex trebek? tell me more!
hey Micky I need to talk to you please it is very important...how does one contact you! It's like trying to find wheres waldo.
phones work both ways
You're amazing! THANK YOU! RT : Yay! Canned mango chutney and quick pickles w/ the today. Thanks y'all!
Boho chic: Florals, floppy hats, colored fur, suede and Sergeant Pepper details converge @ Nicole Miller's 60s lovefest. Go mod this fall!
there's no voting solution.... voting only perpetuates current system. REVOLUTION is the only solution.
Not sure which was the better bargain at the Dollar General in Brodhead this morning- the fake Toms for $6 or the $1 St. Pat's pins 90% off!
Bobby V- Kiss My Ass..... I fukkin love that song!
Aww cute :) somebody mentioned and a certain mr. Potter turned around
I think I just ate 4,675 calories.
thanks for the shout out!
I have my moments^^ RT : that was your best tweet of all time
We should be makin love RT : It's such a beautiful thing, when we be doin our thannng
That is why.You will always have a special feeling with a guy like that.I've had it twice. It never went away still.Never wil
aw I can't then. it's my senior prom.
They gonna test you soon, so stay ready.
Seriously Jay-Z and Kanye over Chris Brown, Busta Rhymes AND Lil Wayne? #wtf AMERICA!!!!!!!
Is it a network speed thing? Or crappy default browsers? Low end devices?
I have a ride.. Are you going to be able to get there?
I trust an airport to select e-books for me (even for free) about as much as I trust a librarian to pilot an 737 or direct air traffic.
all yaw can
I really don't get why u all hate on twilight? Personally I don't think Harry potter's a good story.. It's to long and weird
this is DC
great message last night pop. You are awesome!
thanks for following ! hope to see in the near future at one of our events
#Wine: I don't know how to quit you. Tempting me with your viniferous ways on a Monday - really? My Tuesday morning isn't pleased with you.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Um this rain better stop
Bout to turn in. Goodnight world.
keep us tuned in to your annual conference that you are holding this year in Leesburg! We're excited to be having it.
- Did see a shirt y'all would probably like - "Meat is murder. Tasty, tasty murder."
Actsophia Users - info in the app has just been updated for the month. Just press "Update" on the bottom tab bar to get latest information.
These kids drive me crazy at dinner. Sitting here pretending their forks are flutes.
One down side of being single....nobody to take care of you when you're feeling sick.
you're a rude jackass. It's endearing on you.
why aren't i tired
what do u mean by trending
Akron guy who set record first: (slow motion voice) "no"
Ahahaha! We's peoples! It should be fine.
Kotchman, D-Lee, CoJak, & Nady all still 1b free agents. I bet a nickel the #Indians throw another minor league deal at one of these guys...
We're 1 step closer to carrying products from Evo, Innova, California Natural, Acana, Honest Kitchen & Orijen. Healthy food for #indy #dogs!
i just cant go back to sleep
RT : many child actors end up in voiceover and love it!
“: Gemini love to travel, and need to take frequent short trips to recharge their energy. (1)”
follow me
what's the schedule for seniors tomorrow?
finally comes out with a dark brown 24/7 liner, and it's not vegan... Bourbon was already a non-vegan brown, what gives?!?
I remember when I was 7 the most tragic thing that could happen was missing the ice cream man.
What was the greatest song of the 90's?
Let lil things inspire you. :)
ciara I miss my buddy!!
Is there even transit in district?
"He's Black I'm Spanish HELLO my genes dominate!" BWAHAHAHA I love Maury!
Btw, we're staying at the same hotel we stayed at a couple years ago when we did our 'girls weekend out'.
yes please.
Weren't you the one who wrote the song to Connor haha?
. Yeah, it's the 1960s Tonight at 8:30 revival getting mixed in with the original cast. On my list of fixes. Thanks!
And when I become famous, I ABSOLUTELY do a song with you :DD I'll be the happiest girl in the world :'D
Ive sent a DM to So long ago. But he never answered me back. :(
Heck yeah
Being single is fun!! I definitely take advantage of the perks it has!!
I just remembered that this week is a 4-day week! Huzzah! Thank you, Good Friday!
Oxy Mo: Clearly Ambiguous
Basketball Wives. Enough said.
Lunch with the beautiful :)
RT : Looking for a last minute Valentine's Day gift idea? Surprise your favorite Royals fan with a Gram!...
#justsoyouknow I just came back from 1st time Christmas Caroling...... And I LIKED it! Yep that just happened & I own it!
That is the most incredible part of it, Diane
: "an effective video" is not the same as a "compelling story." Not many companies can craft a compelling story without help.
Beautiful day for polo!
The same one in which that performance is described as a "great performance by an English club"
not sure, email him at
Sad I'm gonna miss the St. Paul Summer Beer Fest but I grabbed Open tickets. The 6nd annual!
To clear up some confusion, we are not the same as FEASTival. Though they sure did pick an awesome name.
What do you call a guitar player without a girlfriend? Homeless.
Dude I remember we signed up for AAU. and we didn't even play.
right back at ya!
Thanks for the follow, sir. I kinda miss hanging out with y'all!
“: #Caps center Nicklas Backstrom has been cleared to practice with no restrictions. " amazing news!
Thanks & Great discussion. Wish I could've contributed more; I do *super* old-school indexing.
who will be presenting at PAMLA this year? Me. That's who!
again thank you for your support
RT : He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
-CALLING EARTH- Let's trade Michael Jackson for Charlie Sheen...I could use the drinking partner.
Interesting. Maybe they are staggering the conversion.
Yeah, that was pretty much awesome and I had never heard that band before. Thanks!
WE CAN DO THIS. #YEEUH KEEP TWEETING ->> #AustinTo700K <3
it really isnt 2 in the morning
let's just face it now i'm never changing
I need to look more grown up - everyone assumes I'm studying when I'm doing important business-ey thing
It's good, but its no "Boombox".
need to get approval from BIG GUNS!!! I'll let you know for next week (hopefully)
Agreed. RT : Happy Birthday Marines. Thank you for your continued service to our country. /www.facebook.com/gargoyleseyewear
#NPinDSE Zapp & Roger - More Bounce To The Ounce
Same as the primaries. Lots of noise on the internet in advance, no actual results where it matters.
mama needs to back off.
Preferably sea-faring. Definitely not butt!
Shout out to we gonna turn it up with this colab right here such a great vibe from the beginning
I was far more comfortable in my combat boots than these politician's shoes. But I'm breaking them in.
Call every girl we ever met Maria, but only love for Jenny's heart.
RT : Hey Jason, could you go write the book I know you have in you on Roy now? I'd like to read that ASAP.
Not yet. But my book club is reading Silver Sparrow this month. Plan to start it on Wednesday after I finish The Replacement Wife
Whoever controls the media, controls the mind. -Jim Morrison
Getting closer to finishing the 2012-13 basketball schedule. We have 2 bring it every night because it's tough. Open @ home Nov 20 vs Bowman
Words to live by. I don't admit to anything ever unless under duress from conclusive DNA evidence. In which case I run away
Heading down to for NY lau7nch of Akashic's Long Island Noir, reading w/ , & Is noir the new normal?
Looks great!
teaming with is a match from hell. Richpublican propaganda! Saving the rich on backs of poor
yea I was by the pool and I thought it was cloud but it was bees
I really like "The Designer Fund" from - So much of the conversation disproportionately surrounds engineering.
Perfection is not possible. Improvement is.
Hi Alex, thanks for following! Happy Monday
since you're building a second home in LA, can you pick up a few things for me?
Leeds addiction danger of over-the-counter pills EXCLUSIVE - Yorkshire Evening Post
Thanks so much for the follow, Lynn! Happy Friday!
If you need any help, I used to do a lot w/ Aquariums and marine biology.
That would last about 20 mins at my house.
I bet. Ayahuasca is very powerful. What inspired you to try it? If you don't mind me asking. 1st time?
That's where I'm going to go.
Thanks to all who came out to the last night! Your support means a lot.
RT : Michele Bachmann gets dual Swiss citizenship - where there is universal health care, gay marriage & strict gun control.
I only wanna be with you.
RT : FB RT: Relevant Magazine article on Spare Some Change hits newstands this week.
Pollack decries intersection project near shopping centers The shopping center magnate calls the road work ''atrocious and unfair.''
Called Lexus Roadside Assistance. They sent a tow service driver who promptly proceeded to back his truck into our car! Are you kidding me!
What are you waiting for as we move towards the light?!?
follow bak? b4 u move??
Saw a Jeep Liberty painted red, white and blue had broken down on the side of the road. So its true, those colors don't run.
Steve Nash wants the Suns to re-sign the NBA's Iron Man Grant Hill! Can't say I blame them, still a very effective starting Small Forward!
Emma says her favorite basketball team is the Kansas jayhawks!!
#RIPAngel She'll be missed by many we all love her! She's not suffering anymore Don't cry I'm sure she's happy
I have an extra hotel room for #sxsw interactive for someone who needs one! Reply back if you're interested.
GOD MORNING!!!!! I'd like to point out and say that u are beautiful in your own way, & don't let anybody tell u any different. I luv u <3
for #200 follow my sister :-)
Time to hit up the barber shop #daddy status!
hey everybody! check out this funny stuff (for a bunch of puns anway)
RT : Google’s Eric Schmidt: If Khan’s program is successful in schools, “[it] could completely change ed. in America.”
what's good!
the goodies were awesome. Frisbee yoyo kazoo clown nose candy. Thanks again
It will be when I'm done down there.
Never mind, just told me! 349 people have voted. Hmm, wonder how many I have?
Watching Tebow and Sanchez really makes me miss Peyton.
u able to get started on that track mayne ?
Please follow us we have big plans for 2013. Be sure to tell your friends about us.
Linda at the North Olmsted Bakers Square coordinated our dinner tonight, thanks Linda
Harry :) what about you?:)
Your killing me Yanks =/
Shane dawsons the beast!! c( :
Good to know. Has #AyDiosFiro been suggested to the weather broadcast community? I'm sure & know someone
When should I expect your next pithy, inaccurate, and predictable post on HuffPo?
Sweat shops, ruthless tax deals--all OK, as long as we get the gadgets. That is why liberals are as foolish as conservatives.
4: Because the mother when properly instructed may early detect the approach of serious or perhaps fatal diseases...and shorten its duration
Wow, just realized I have over 600 plays of the songs on my ipod and I've only had it for a month. #cantgetenough I <3 TDF
See the original silent movie style comedy troupe Sat May 26 w/ !
austin i love you so much <3
Lmao It's Cuz I'm Busy But Ive been sick like throwing up and getting dizzy all bad
#Grilling up some #BBQ pork chops!
Norman lived on the block, the block was his family & we are handling his service. : who is Norman? Where can we help?
I was on break last week. R u on break this week?
The mind goes wild when you think of all the B-listers who could do this.
HI! Summer is 48 hours away. CAN I HAZ PARKED CAR?
Upshaw.... You gonna drop them charges... Roll tide
RT Come near to God and He will come near to you -James 4:8
If the heat doesn't touch the finals ei think it's adios for spoelstra
Did you attend #HeartBall last night? We'd love to know what you thought of it! Tweet us your stories or photos!
Cinco de Mayo...whats going on?
All wrapped up! Thanks for all the support! We've got nothing but tamale love for ya.
YOU WENT TO SMTOWN NYC??? ME TO
#sincerelytory is so nasty! Good Job!
New #google search pretty nifty!
The public & private sectors must find more ways to create better, more effective early learning programs.
Whenever I see a video of Greyson, I get a little teary 'cause...he's just too GREXY & because I know I'll never have a CHANCE with him :'(
still learning
God Bless America... and God Bless Landon Donovan!!!
don't worry about it :) I'm sure you will get more! But I miss u! Xoxoxooxxo
Yes, I am in a session about Burning Man at #ala10 I'm sure it's related, somehow.
good luck!
good u
I don't exactly hate you but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it
I wish we could, but we can not
the law as written encourages/requires ISPs to hold their nose while infringing content passes through their wires
Perfect new year not.
can you please give a shout out for me i need some followers if you do ty so much
i know why i struggled in eng247 . i spent 20min looking for my old copy of hamlet only to realize i never took notes. what was i thinking?!
Selling Joni Mitchell Wild Things Run Fast UK vinyl LP.
Not only do I fall down stairs, I trip up them as well- now that takes talent. haha i am such a clumsy person sometimes..
no problem
Almost done with my homework.
Mike Krzyzewski surpasses Bob Knight for most wins in men's Div I history with 903, #Duke def. #Mich St
#ThingsIHearEveryday Music c:
well, guess I won't be getting CenturyLink. :(
Howard Reich: "I was at a dead end. That's when I started writing about her story." www.prisonerofherpast.com
M, matzoh bacon cheeseburger? RT : sandwiches are available on matzoh rolls during Passover...yes, even the ham sandwich.
Thank U Iaasc for you B/U help with the group page on FB #Dynamic and 4 ur service w/me in the player for these last couple of yrs Y3
This is for the OnDemand stream at least which in theory should be completely fine now.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. ~ Leo Tolstoy
I love you best friend!
Are employee goals and company goals aligned?
Where is Alpha School? Charter?
Teen Talent Sarah Moss booked Dickinson's National TV commercial!!!!
Watching Dog the Bounty Hunter... love the show and how the guys mix their metaphors just like I do & Beth - love that woman!
Thanks you! You too.
I agree, hey MTG EVENTS WE BOOK TALENT.FOLLOW US
zayn is a merman? dying
RT : What about creating a "shared reflection" from the session....a wiki would be cool for each session. #lrnchat <Like that!
RT Can't believe it's the last day of April!
Okay so APPARENTLY it is ACCEPTABLE for TWO different players to physically hold around the waist!! WTF??!!! Taupe team sucks!!
#nowplaying Stevie B Party Your Body - this is the jam
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'. ~
So stoked for this summer!
Good Morning! : ]
Luis Rodriguez reading "The Rabbi and the Cholo." His early reading was shaped by a Communist Jew who ran a bookshop in Boyle Heights.
CHARLIE SHEEN HAS ALL OF MY RESPECT! HE IS SAYING FUCK EVERYBODY. HE IS ONE 1 RIGHT NOW. EVEN TOLD THE POPE 2 KISS HIS ASS. LOL VERY AMUSING
took d sol, shxt was hard and im FREEZING !
i know! do more? ❤
ME TOO. Zacy>>>>>>school. Always. Everyday. Actually.... Most things>>>>school. Always. Everyday.
#whitecrazyboysays sometimes when the road is empty i like to drive on the right side. Its alot of fun
Yup RT : Also, thanks to the fabulous for taking & I to this event. :-)
Spent the evening at the Mall of America with an old time friend. Yay Minneapolis!
yes! I usually give up and switch to "absolutely"...
I thought you didn't cry
shoot! Missed this chance. I guess you'll have to come visit in CA ;) connect w/ for a lil surprise I left 4 ya
no troubles Sid. Looking forward to seeing you in the mountains.
Our new CRM options position is performing VERY well. #1 Options Alerts! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Great weekend to make babies!
Really? Have you read the book?
Don't stop doing what you love because you're afraid to fail, if that's your mindset you'll never get anything done
And now she got out the porn... why? Why?
Keep doing it mi bredder! Big ups!!
rock and rock and roll radio let's go!!!
Follow Friday? Our wonderful speakers! (Part 1)
Sent a bunch of sandwiches with a delivery man for 's media blitz of 's #americasbestsandwich. Lucky media.
You are obsessed
Why do celebrities keep getting popped for DUI? It's not worth it to drive drunk & I know the can afford a driver
Twitter, where the indirect thrive because they're too afraid to be direct . & This can be directed to anyone who is in that direction .
Thanks for coming out, it was great to meet you... Make it out if you can Tuesday:)
let's do it
thanks :) HappySwiftDay to you
quote of the night: "When I am around you, I have no desire to take off my clothes. I have every desire to keep them on."
It's dang hot out! U know wht will chill u out? A freshly tapped #keg of Conflux #BelgianWhiteIPA from , that's what!
If you find yourself in the UK in the next few months, though, you should definitely make a detour to Cambridge!
No need to be humble. Your opinions are valued!
Some SLA students who are a part of the Dukes of Edinborough program will be meeting Prince Edward! Have fun all!
at least you remember them. for me, the 80's and 90's are just one long nightmare of having no money.
Gen x - often feel 'imposter syndrome'.
it's twitter, spelled differently.
wah. LOL ill tweet the pic I sent you.
because people down talk things they don't understand..they rather the unlyrical shit music that uses kindergarten words
I love you too baby
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err
nothing much, just laying on my bed haha, HBU?
Had a great few days in Carmel. Just two months away from the launch of the Great American Songbook Hall of Fame!
Joel anthony!!!
iso 40 feet of 72" high corrugated wrap for maker faire. do you know of a local source? in lengths less than a 250 foot roll?
IS IT EASIER TO GET OVER A BROKEN HEART OR THE DEATH OF A LOVE ONE
Minivans should be required to drive in the breakdown lane - always.
How you been?
Love the way paints the picture of the game on the radio
Still on the hunt for interesting non-fiction books that connect to ancient world cultures/world religions. Thoughts?
Time to play with baby blue :-)
Leno had the torch handed down to him by Johnny Freaking Carson you have a radio show you have to pay for u r porn Jay is Pro
lol wow, sounds like a x movie haha
So I guess it's going to be one of those days… blarg.
's #Boyfriend video is like the #KIDZBOP version of #NSYNC's #Girlfriend video...
Crème brûlée @ the Blue Apron with Amy Waller and Jenny Goad. <3
I have it already. Got it Tuesday
Why is it that if I want corn syrup free #coke it must come from Mexico?
Happy Mothers Day!!
Is there a way to Detweet something? RT Mets with 0 All Stars
post-season inkling? "IU (-1.5) over Wisconsin tomorrow. Will be betting the Hoosiers in that one."
Cleaning out Didgeridoo Boy's car went quickly! I tend to move fast when not allowing myself to breathe.
You're mistaking #Smash for a show with actual dramatic layers...
Romo must go before the next game! Prime he must go! On a positive note,we can still make the playoffs, only if we change QB
even though i wont be able to hear austin on austream because im on my computer his voice will sound incredible
I meant to ur mom lol
If this was the hunger games, I'd have five parachutes of tylenol and crackers...haymitch, ya there? mom?
Chicago White Sox Chris Sale to undergo MRI on elbow
I just choked on a Jolly Rancher & my whole life flashed before my eyes O.O
I hate how my house is significantly colder than the gorgeous weather outside!
Probably a good practice. Thanks a lot.
Arts for Kids a TNF event to benefit CHOCK Children's! Live art, music, fashion show and more! 08/21 from 2-8pm outside the Geisha house OC!
#NotCool Thats gonna be stuck in my head probably for the rest of today, i might as well download that song now.. -_-
want me to head over to your place?
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil they dont accept credit :p
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
last two times I ate mi pueb I got the food poisoning. 😒😷
WILL U EVER NOTICE NE OR FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MAKE NY WORLD IF U DID UR SO AMAZING AND ADORABLE FOLLOW ME PLEASE <3333
hope you have a good day at school ! (:
There is an 18th birthday party in the hood--dear god help me--the new 18yo is wearing almost nothing. It's a step above her birthday suit
enuff hibernation. time to bust out my B Game...
I'm heading to Chipotle for lunch. Burrito or bowl?
Forgot all about tonight's #smallbizchat but I'm here!
Austin Rivers? Harrison Barnes?
Good good, spend money in my city.
You are a pretty amazing singer!!
Hello world
Ay I copyrighted that Shit so don't go tryna steal it
scholl ;; tired as fuck. i'm trynaa leave early.
The Guardian was a good show..
Miami losing makes this #Yankees loss easier to handle
Oh so Zayn Malik Is Flawless is trending… Even my goldfish can tell you that.
osu blowing out duke in 1st half!!!
Good call, Chris Brown, on the tattooed-on undershirt.
Low-risk, high reward. RT The #Twins will wind up paying Joel Zumaya $30,769 a pitch for his 13 pitches in spring training.
Change is good as long as it is fir the better
After work, head over to Red McCombs Field to watch No. 6 battle the Texas Tech Red Raiders! It's all tied after one inning.
#afpmeet startling experience and new insight into how to handle a workshop
Nice. Wreck everyone and win the race.
Mayweather vs. Cotto - who's gonna' win? With the jacket that Mayweather is sportin', he better beat (him) it.
Cut and re-dyed my hair blue today. Feel like I got my me-ness back.
starting to think about product for this summer! Y'all got any hot new designs coming out?
Such amazing #actresses! RT Beautiful new marquee for up at the Marquis Theatre! yfrog.com/kfhdncqj
These bitches are pissing me the fuck off
RT : "Are you more committed to CONCEPT than to PRACTICE?" - Geoff Patterson retreat.
we like Campaign Monitor (if you are comfortable with HTML) or MailChimp if you are more DIY.
That'd be totally anti-capitalist-taking money out of circulation, preventing its capitalization. Been reading marx?
Shid I'm about to start sellin work again lol.. I'm hungry!
Weeden > McCoy and its not close. Weeden has size, strength, and a solid arm. McCoy has none of those
We don't lose friends. We just learn who our real ones are.
omg did you get to meet ryan higa?!
I wish I could have heard
When the teacher is talking to the whole class, but she chooses to stare directly at you
I just realized that prenatal is an anagram of parental.
Um.. The girl scouts are winning and marrying their gay cousins...But not in North Carolina. Obviously. (?)
I always sit in my room in the quiet. I dont know why though.
nope. Better luck next year on that front
wow that's really goddamn annoying :(
where did u here this info??? :0 :0
Yay Lynne. I'm a writer :)
Having dinner at Jaleo/DC Tuesday can't wait to have that fabulous food & the rice pudding:) thanks for saving it for me!
Son said how bout u get some language from this year
Next time I think "this person seems like they're in the grip of a manic episode," I'm going to LISTEN to that instinct.
I'm en route to the Between Downs event! Will I see you? :-)
YouTube. :O
When ppl have this "Either you're with me or against me" mentality <<<<
Damn! I got that feeling too, but wanted to think I was just being sensitive. I guess we'll see as time goes on...
You got yourself a deal. ;-)
not in a gazillion years! Lol ill be back in early May and I cant wait. It's gonna be an awesome summer. You gonna be around?
The spider Queen is hanging up above my front door.. No doubt plotting some way to get into my room and take revenge... ;O)
This tweet demands a visual
Cleaning #Boo :l
got you man ! Thanks man my dad sleeping !
- Ditto here... I think I'm going with Rob - I have J. Nelson also from GB and nobody from NE playing...
GOOD LUCK 2NITE & VISIT US BISTRO...
when is it back on?!?!?! I'm do freaking excited!!! I'm learning ASL from you guys!!
Jen just showed me an Asian emoticon which I feel encapsulates the sad, growing-it-out stage of my hair: (//_^)
nice. I'm very much enjoying seeing these Filmmakers known as Pixar guys succeed in other films.
I can't believe it's going to get near freezing again this week in Houston! Wonders never cease, aye?
best tweet ever? Quite possibly.
I'm now a spam jingoist. Freedom from spam isn't free. Invade Spamgeria and take down the spam dictator.
100% for it! “: 4 the love of all that is Fabulous& #Bubbly! RT An app would B amazing #ChampagneChat thoughts?
Tonight on FreedomWatch... Schiff happens. Peter Schiff gives his outlook for the U.S. Economy 8PM ET on
what would be some of your advice in how to instill kindness, selflessness and empathy?
RT : Why haven't the Clips been playing like this all along?!
you guys just HAD to make this on a Saturday night didn't you?
ROFLMAO oh I'm sure he's blocked me by now, too. Let me check, actually.
“ People who are different are beautiful. Those who follow society are boring.”
me too...princeton is my favorite
That's good enough for me. Bow-tie it is. Used to be de rigueur standard formal attire. Have two black and one white...
thank you, Lincoln :) ..i'm ok with my eyes no matter what she labeled them :D
After 5 days! I'm finally tired...But we got 2 days left.Partying with everything I got.Cause I deserve it.
Welcome to the Twitter page for UWM JMC internships. This page will host internship information, updates and opportunities.
Fans, when the ball goes into the crowd with the home team batting, you have to swat that. Seriously.
The smell of coffee in the morning >>>
Huh, that's pretty funny information!
BE HAPPY BABY
we return everybody and we got some decent recruits coming
I just sent it :-)
S/o to my new follower (:
but can't imagine juniper creek crowd super supportive of her leadership. They glossed that one over.
a u a fool bruh
If you have only a little bit of money for your website: Pay for a copywriter! If you have no money at all for your website: Look for a job!
Good Morning, World!
Happy stormy Monday yet again! '- )
That's awesome Lizzie!!
thank you for all the chats and such. I'll look for you around the bluffs. :)
Thanks for the follow :)
Scanner Monitor: Accident 6th ave. and Chambers. Injuries.
Thank fuck its friday!
The more the merrier! =)
It's weird but cool... weirdly cool to be honest! I WANT YOU NOW!!!
u buy ur ticket to tampa yet
Man cooling and fooling what's good wit u???
#SO to the community for an amazing blog and the #byusupportLGBT video! #beautiful #isupportLGBT<3
So excited about the ORIGINAL Houston Flamenco Festival! Never to be duplicated! Launched 2010!
since we're on the subject.. Will you ever make a regular Cherokee again? I want a new Lucy. Other models aren't ideal for me.
Love 2 do it. We had pile of orders out on delivery already that were preordered day before. DM me. u have 'secret handshake'
The DealChicken team will be at the Colorado Mammoth game tonight! Stop by and say hi!
Hm choices. Big bonfire vs playing w/my new Samsung Galaxy while watching Ryder Cup. Primitive vs nerd.
Don't try telling me that Superman is cooler than Batman. It won't work.
lol well we might both be on there for cheating but oh well im sorry that happened
You could eat here everyday for lunch and never get bored.
#NW Poetic Justice (:
Language fair today... im nervous for my part > <
that sounds good :) "not in a weird way" ;)
I think he is just do what yu been doin b bein his freaky wife he gon say
There's only 1 Boy who never Fails to make me Smile, he always knows Exactly what to Say <3
We heard you so here it is!!! We are now offering rental car service!! Contact us at 1 888 581 4446 or
lol, I'm sure will treat you well
We hope you do!
I always wanted to get picked on the cool team, but alone is exactly how I should be
Bedtime!!! Mayhemfest in the morning with my family <3 goodnight everyone!!!! :-)
It's lunch time! Arroz con Pollo Shepard's Pie Chicken Tortilla soup
gearing up for O'Reilly webcast: Cloud Security & Privacy
Every day we are not engaged in protecting our children from sexual abuse, we give predators carte blanche to ruin another young soul.
haha I just had to go potty REAL bad!
At the gym. Need to get in shape for the first snowboard trip of the season - less than 3 weeks away!
Love it!!
Follow Me Please!? 32
glad you made it!
Yay! I hope he makes a speedy recovery.
If only you could see... what you effin mean to me ):
And he try to be the best not Jordan just so happens that Jordanwas the best
RT : BREAKING: Lars von Trier hired to produce Oscars. It'd have to be #OnDemand .
LOL...Always Romo fault huh? Tony least of our problems...fact.
Very productive week ahead!
#thatawkwardmoment when think u know someone and they turn out to be someone completly diff
Our Snaggers are our competitive differentiators ~ Snagajob CEO Shawn Boyer
True Moo chocolate Milk > > > >
Florida in the pre season top 25 >>>>
Turkey trot
been there.
Today is Friday & if I can get my ninja cat to the vet without major blood loss (mine), it will be a good day.
Great, now at practice! :)
The gentleman drinking a beer on the E train kindly informed me that he would be smoking crack and "getting freaky" tonight. It's 8:30 a.m.
"Life is like a high way, never turn back"
I hope they loose
your sad cause your mind is fucked ...I just exposed you
happy smokes 2 new friends in 2012!
": What was the payoff on "Will Chase Blackburn pick off a pass 50 yards downfield?"" $billion
Looks composed by photographer, MUA & posing of the model. RT Modeling is a profession where your worth is tied up with looks.
Tata to the box, Goldie Fox 74 to the box, so Maulers' jammer _and_ pivot to the box, Maulers down to a skeleton crew, official time out
so sorry to hear that! hang in there!
Hit up I'm a Covenant Member there.
you know its good karaoke when someone sounds like they are dying
Nothing like a power and cell tower outage with snow to remind you, the distance between [high tech pro] and ditch digger isn't so far.
We all get selfish at times...
It is only 9:28am and i have already seen a midget, 2 mullets and a really scary garage sale. This is going to be a GREAT day.
F U and your crew
don't be jealous geeze!
Do it!
Is 8:38 too early to run a vacuum?
Let the songs of #FrankSinatra get you through Wednesday. See #CaryHoffman perform #MySinatra, live!
Awake, getting ready for the gym.
you need anything from my room?
I know I miss you too! Hope everything is going well for you I def want to return to LA this summer!
Made it to work on time,i'm good :) you?
Thanks for all the tweets!!
how often are signs reviewed? does this happen in pre-game meetings? how is it handled at big league level?
Yessir..Sounds smooth to me!
so you code any of it in templates or do you just do dreamweaver or what?
Then he'll have GDF buy him a new bus so he can blame basketball hockey soccer baseball & field hockey players
Thanks for all the #FF's you always include me in :)
Rode 7.7 mi on route 'Home to work', in N/A (avg: 0 mph) on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike.
Good morning everyone c:
The fact that Rudolph is trending kinda makes my night.
That is the BEST voicemail i have EVER heard. I will be linking to it so yall can understand who i work with.
Two and a half Men when it Premieres other channels need to just shut down, no one will be catching any other channel lol
HEY HEY IN MY ROOM WATCHING NCIS!!!!
Coffee House Press loves Open Field
Whats good bro? Thanks for the follow.
Tomorrow is our first Toy Drive of the year, Piper, Secret Chief and Turkey and Friends present 3rd annual Operation Band-Aid! Door!
they were delish!
My wish is that would follow me <3
Get him to SHAVE IT! Or get a normal haircut, it is your choice of course. Best of luck.
can I find this on ESPNu or ESPN3?
I'm Being Harassed By
*bows* Glad to be of service, good lady. Cheers! :)
America on Wheels displays cars from 'Austin Powers,' 'Transformers,' 'The ... - Allentown Morning Call
From the newsroom: I just watched and accepting #ONA award for Congratulations, well deserved!
I already have an alarm clock....its called the loud obnoxious latin guy that screams "TAMALE!" outside my window at 5 am
Big weekend!!! Filming!!!
I have no idea. Maybe a #FF or something.
Flashbacks of the times I had with you, all I remember on your face was a smile;
I wish I lived on Yolanda.
you don't think it's problematic + hidden agenda that the only licenses will go to big commercial brick & mortar casinos?
I cannot wait for Christmas. But then again, I probably should finish shopping for my wife before it gets here.
bo did you see titanic without me?! :(
of course not, Brian would be honored. Let me know if I can help.
The Whole Love streaming now at wilcoworld.net until Noon CT Sunday.
love to you my friend, yes our talk-over was so fun! Why sleep? Hi Jason! Yes, today oscar is wilde indeed:)
thats understandable. But I gotta say from what ive seen RT America has done a pretty fair job
your performance night was PHENOMENAL!
Happy #AmeriCorpsWeek. Great to be celebrating service this week!
much needed L with one of my long lost friends......
It is always a pleasure to revisit the scholarship of John Fiske.
Started reading Big Short awhile back but never finished it. Book jumps around a lot but very informative. Need to finish soon.
all this Texas heat is worth it when you walk outside at 9:00 p.m. & you're greeted by a lovely lavender sunset glow & evening breeze.
RT : history exam this morning .... great 😒
Shout out to my A~Ko peeps! Where you at Aurora?
Happy birthday !! Enjoy it to the max! :)
Move in day at went smoothly this year with help from - have a great first day class of 2015!
Happy #Aloha Friday!!
A Mari Usque Ad Mare => From sea to sea (motto of Canada)
I love Napa!!
Time for me to bust moves mane
- welcome to twitter GILLiAN.
ugh. Guess that's the danger of family owned business :(
I wish you all a very very special 2012 in good health for you all and your loved ones...
Don't f it up now!
I love talking to (:
The belief in a thing makes it happen. Frank Lloyd Wright
Oh lord. Lol. What all do you say??
he isn't flaunting it, it is a fact.
Ugh, waiting blows.
It must be broken. It said that for two of my other friends, as well.
no worries. you were working it. coffee tues a.m.?
Can I call you Lois from now on and Petter?
maybe make the shoulders wider, and the perspective is off a alignment/perspective is off a little, but great overall.
What should I watch on netflix?
Real housewives do good
COOL! your number still the same?
I knew I should've sat in your workshop... I R mad at myself! GRRRR!
ALL NEW Hart of Dixie
Interesting to consider the privacy implications of this practice, vis a vis built-in predictive search.
Coming from a Seattlite, that looks fantastic! Did you get a roaster, or are you doing that old Linux & heat gun hack?
Good Ole Tom is investing once again, in Tucson. Irvington & I 10 area. Thanks Good Ole Tom. 5271 S Calle Santa Cruz.
yeah man. Wrkin hard. Heard u got some thingz going as well
Solid easy mile & a half w/ pig followed by some #yoga. We used to log serious miles in Madison & iola so it feels good to start up again!
JAMAICA EMANCIPATION PARK celebration of the new BOB MARLEY Documentary they served pork sandwiches! lol....can you say #NotCool!
me too!
What's the point of having a #twitter If we can't see your tweets.
LOL. you're all insane. and is a slut.
Hey urrrrbody, LIKE www.facebook.com/stripcage
he woke up about an hour ago and texted me :) he's too cute.
I will now tweet things like "The Flyers are wearing orange" and "the ice is still cold"
ive got rlly bad acney. I'm suppler to wear glasses but I don't and I cant get a bf
Plan ahead. You can get an 8 oz. filet dinner for $11.99 and then listen to GEMINI this Saturday at 10PM @ Carey's Tavern in Westfield.
I would but I have din-din plans with an old friend. Maybe next week!!
Who am I kidding? I'm not even coordinated enough to land a kick on a ball by accident.
Stencil Workshop | Pligg Designs
That's actually good to hear because I am not a math person. I excel at anything other than the quant. :) Thanks!
Never been to SA, but Drink on Navarro st. or Menger bar could work
Spread her legs run ur tongue around her clit while slowly fuckn her w/ice til it melts den tongue fuck her pussy til she cum on ya face
aw, what a cute tweet! ↓
sounds fine to me.
It's all about leverage - leverage every dollar, leverage every ounce of talent from my people. - Sharelle
There is a link between official violence and individual violence. What will happen with we have official default?
Gonna get your new Nike jersey online as soon as my beloved Browns draft you!! U will OWN this town...
Predictive text is like automated Mad libs. Can be quite funny in the morning pre-coffee!
Do you think about me, the way I think about you.
Have u ever had a cupcake with bacon??? Come by tom. and try our Hot Cakes! Van. & blueberry cake, maple buttercream & topped bacon pieces!
Ah good ole' Jim Ross is back yay!!!!!
Workin' on ideas. Building new site!
you better be on this one.
not yet... Waiting anxiously!
OMG yes. RT The Difference between a Boss & a Leader: A BOSS says 'Go' & the LEADER says Let's Go" ~John C. Maxwell
Thanks for following! Looking forward to connecting!
- aaay , why jerk :P you asshole ..!
love will find a way
i wish you the very best for the future, fun and health. Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that. HAPPY BIRTHDAY :))
the only thing that gets me up in the morning is knowing dog the bounty hunter is on
wtf you want
no it doesn't is says I'm eating an apple :) can u read or what?! Lol jk <3 but yesh I'm on xD
Sure thing Chris, good stuff! Which Ironman 70.3 are you training for?
lets go to #NYC and shop soon !!!! that'd be so
This going to be a good series!!
Good Morrow To You Lady Jennifer... You are most welcome... have a great day.. i bid you ado!
Rick Scott will allow guns at the GOP convention. Oh please make sure Cheney brings his shotgun.
Done with work till wednesday! Yay! New Jersey in a few hours
This is late but... If they're coming to your city I think you should check out the show! It was absolutely amazing! :)
I wonder how many new tweets i'm gonna get after I take a shower -_-
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
glad I got to meet there real cool ppls... Soon to be
Bottle service is expensive? Think again! 750ml of liquid + 10 VIPs + first class treatment = $250!! RSVP now for May 4!
Hating myself bc I hate hypocrites 😒
Happy Birthday to Pastor Buck!!! He still think he 27 tho.. Lol
When all else fails, play gold fish. At the lake. In the dark. #winning :)
We liked it. Especially the guac! Your pics from Hawaii look amazing!
# of punctum downloads: Preternatural: 307; Leper Creativity: 418; Reality in the Name of God: 145; Intimate Bureaucracies: 87. Yeah, baby!
I love how emotional I'll Have Another's jockey is. It's great to see!
i dont got my phone and its dead so dats why i hit u up on twitter...
Teacher: who is your hero? Friends: our parents Me: Taylor Alison Finlay Kingsly Swift <3
I have felt like a zombie all week. Are they getting their revenge on me? Need doctor to fix me...grrr...medication...
RT Starbucks adding beer and wine at more stores. April 1st they open in the Red Sox clubhouse.
yes excellent work Lizzie
Wow. What a chump.
Thanks Girl :D
I saw a señora line dancing to country music in a quasi Chicano bar in Alhambra, CA. It was a twilight zone moment.
I love how when I'm texting him, I'm constantly on my phone. But when I'm not, I forget all about it!
Ha! #itsthatgood “: trying to hangout w/ but she's just watching Dexter instead. So now I'm just staring at her face.”
There's no question you can get by without the 300,000 mobile apps out there. BUT if you're a music fan, your definition of need may wither!
The day has come!! I'll see you later Mr. !!
I think I might be in a very loud, failed hipster bar.
I hate being bored because its the perfect moment to think about somebody you miss& somebody you love <33
Hahaha! It looked bigger on my screen lol, but when I sent it, it shrunk!
Just finished bowling
Looking forward to all the great sessions in the coming days! RT Great day of precon sessions at SHEEO/NCES #highered data conf
I forgot my heaphones.....
my bullshit meter is going off. aye me. do they not know that it's easy to tell these things?
Halo Twitter... Lol
"The difference is not in the path that one takes, but the trail that one makes."
I DM'ed you about what's going on. Sorry it's long! I've just been upset about this for the past month or so. :-(
National Workplace Wellness Week ----> bike and bus.
Boy, Philly really wants to rival NOLA in the crazy-storm-during-my-visit category!
Is entertaining 8 girls at hotel my daughter's 13th--teenager and jbieber cake to boot
Is that really necessary? RT : #YouGettinPunchedIf you think facebook is better than twitter.
What we think, we become.
Biden has offered the Prince to do a keg-stand...we still have a keg from last night we need to clear out...
Just 6bet bluffed the flop and got insta shoved on
Aw!! So glad I saw you too! Hope you had fun!
Lol well something about a brunette nw
Oh yes let's have a convo in the middle of the side walk, motherfuckers!
Passion is often mistaken for anger by those lacking passion.
Movies with Ro
is participating in a great #webinar on how to recruit passive candidates!
#liber2011 David Prosser, RLUK: Working group investigating cloud computing for development of a UK-wide shared cataloging system.
Represent with Pride & Honor on St. Pat's day!
nope. i was talking about the email address
oh wow lmfao
yes I arrived safely, and I enjoyed yall!!!
Cool. Lucy learned a new trick...projectile vomit...all over mommy. My hair is still wet.
Can't wait to spend time w/ babe this weekend . 😘
Use it or lose it. – Jimmy Connors
Congrats!!!! what a big honor
Till it turns red(;
he's awful dude. Really. Not happening. Terrible. NEED SIZE
Floored by the wild humor & raw heart of Playwrights Horizons show "Assistance" last night! Thanks for sharing it &
New Orleans was founded by the French brothers Iberville and Bienville in 1718
Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - Wildwood Film Fest Founders Choice Award
Will Ferrell in Sports Broadcasting is funny too.
"You The Boss" will never get old to me, I promise!
Are stupid #cubs fans smart enough to give #KerryWood standing O? He tried. Injuries got best of him.
Within the past week I tried 4 beers for the first time. All amazing. All earned 5 stars on Resin, Cream, Bengali, Otis
I'm proud of you guys for never quitting. Rough season, keep your head up you will bounce back. That's from a pack fan :-)
Yes, that's what I'm thinking. RT : thank goodness! I'm sure it was all because of your tweet...
If it's Pretty then yea...
I'm just uhm yea...okay.
officially on a #diet after my dining excursions the last couple of weeks. Need to write out my daily 1400 cal plan & #workout schedule.
It's been a good day in the #voiceover studio with a documentary, the last pages of an audiobook and radio commercials done and delivered.
i got sum folk out there round you in east cleveland
- ha, that's only a *little* weird!!! just a day jules! :)
People usually complain about their looks, but no one complains about their brains.
Good afternoon everyone! How are you all doing? By the way, we really appreciate everyone who has been participating in our daily questions!
will begin 30 minutes of meditation in 2 minutes with
yeahh i understand... Damnn this really sucks!
If niggas wan be mad @ anybody be mad at Metta..he threw it to Blake..once he had it he was wide open w/ Kobe on the other side of the court
Haha! Love it! Such a beautiful video.
Thanks bro!
Mountain Dew > coffee
Me: HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Do you like your present? Dad: Er...You got me a Justin Bieber CD? Me: You don't like it? Okay...I will have it then :)
Damn my birthdays on the 15th:o where the hell is i miss making her smile and laugh
I'm gonna change my life. Starting now.
“: ” Got my tix to see my DAWGS kick some Utah tail on Oct 1 !!!!
I like Uncle Joe. , if you nudged our president, good for you.
Oh, Monday after #SpringBreak, you're NO FUN AT ALL!!
yeah:) that's the way to do it!
The #shutdown drama indicates how politicians are skillful at procrastination.
Pray For Japan.....And Yourself!
haha nothing, it just felt right. I'm gonna start using that hash tag though #gunit although it looks like G Unit
Enjoying your show on BBC1 on XM Radio.
It was SUCH a fun show. is a great resource, run by great folks. Loved being a part of it.
Nice to meet you, too. ;) Thx, Tim.
All I gotta say is #YOLO retweet all you want.
RT You Ever think, hey I wish I could be in a parade, but I don't have a float?! Never fear #2wheelsnot4 is here!
Just built a script in #Foxtrot to do data maintenance on 480 records in an excel workbook. Took info from web app and updated workbook.
hi yvette, would you follow me so i can respond to your direct msg? thanks !
Mercury retrograde has a strong impact on #Gemini and #Virgo but it effects everyone! Delay signing important paperwork till after Dec 13th
But thanks for highlighting Saint Maybe, my favorite.
RT : Two more Belgian top #art galleries to close down. Hope they are able to restart.
the grass is greener on the other side RT for that good ol' follow
And feeling has returned to my face just in the nick of time!
he did amazing the crowd was going wild <3
thanks for following - fan of your work. We should connect sometime - hit me up on linkedin (devin day)
Going to Nouvelle Eve for a 4 course French dinner and Cabaret Show. Ooh la la!
sweet! Pack me in your suitcase!
me eather omg eating at a restaurant they always play soft musc
Me and feel nice. :)
Thanks ... I have friends who have worked 20+ yrs- I'm worried for them.
rt Um, Barnes & Noble? If you look at the facts you'll see that Sarah Palin's book is a bit more than just '40% Off.'
On this day in 1862, as David Farragut's fleet reached New Orleans in Louisiana, Union forces bombarded Fort Macon in North Carolina.
!!!!!! RT : Reggae gets me in a good summer mood
love the screen name!
Great start to my mid-stakes grind. The table doesn't know it, but they have no shot to win because I've got Mariah Carey's greatest hits on
hi,,,can we be friends???
what does the big fellas breakfast consist of before practice or games
Woohoo... mentioned our upcoming session on the #18hours of Evanced event.
Former d-man on 24/7 flyers- rangers.... Can't wait for the winter classic.
I need a hard fucking drink
34 members of 's Class of 2012 are graduating Magna Cum Laude.
Hahaha It IS!!! =) RT: #Artest was right, this is quite entertaining.
that's a big 10-4.! Have a blessed day and I will talk with you soon.
Tire just popped:(
No, you're right. I think fans have slept on Cotto. Plus, my Spidey sense is tingling, meaning possible upset.
Where can I get your awesome charts?
Hair stylist #Vidal_Sassoon has died in Los Angeles. I'm pouring some conditioner on the floor. Too soon?
YES TANNING BED
Do you have any nicknames? ;)
Uke calling out the media room internal announcer on a mispronounciation "Jeff Su-Pan? This guy doesn't even k ow him." Love it
Whatever happened to VH1's "Miss Rap Supreme"?...."R-E-S-P-E-C-T u betta respect me, u betta respect me!!!" lmao
: beer diet I'm down
Tia's is opening for the season today at 11am! Tonight North Shore Acappella will perform 6:30 to 9:30! Come by...
Maternity shoot completed today, still have to keep my foot elevated...getting a little irritated. Editing all day tomorrow.
At the crime scene. Lol
Science is not really my expertise, now you know why I sleep in ur class :p
Man I meant it when I say muthafuckasz is really irritating nd pissing me the fuck off
Is that even 27"?!
Transformer Crop Duster.
Chilling my dude, whats good with u? I
A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake. -Confucius
My spirit is unconquerable, for I know I am capable.I don't care what's probable, through blood and tears, I am unstoppable." - A Robles
Thanks for the stat. That's helpful info for my start-up.
'Ugly' is such a harsh word. I prefer the phrase 'attractively disabled' it has a much softer touch. (: lol
well News International played a part...
Student unable to find shortcut on flash drive, about to send him to IT, then enters the REAL librarian, who sent him to IT.
Thank you! Not yet, but he will :)
why?? i don't understand... RT far from pooping
I've answered the phone probably 50 times already today. Stop ringing please.
My lil sitter made me laugh so hard I spit out my soda infront of everyone..:x
Going in
Where is my job listing? "Wanted: Smarmy self-important asshole with no marketable skills"
u in atl?
That awkward moment when one ex gets a new SO before the other one..
You're the Best! Lots of fans here at CBS 8, Mister Lee! :) Love having you here in SD, ur home away frm home!
I wanna go home !
I want to see the same one with Glenn Beck on Glenn beck's breast.
Can't make the opening of ANN tonight? Then check out the amazing Miss Representation doc - airs 9PM ET on the OWN network!
Listening to talk about proposed Transactional Web Archiving. Proactive web archiving and capture of user transactions.
I have to say though that this phone makes me feel less lame drinking alone on a Friday night
DAMN STRAIGHT haha
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
I've become a pinning fool!
Nice! Yes, setup is odd but in the end, you can turn on TV, open garage, and make Number 5 is Alive's eye blink with one remote!
Thank you for ur understanding. Work often gets in the way of socializing. Great show huh?
Views of nature reduce the stress response of both body and mind when stressors of urban conditions are present
Sometimes I could massacre a cheeseburger.
lool yeah ;) its pretty hilarious tho!
Home again, home again. J''ville went very well. Met so new nice folks, too!
Thanks for the mention! is an awesome Board Chair!
I want to kill her. she irritates me SO much!
RT : Since I was a little girl I've dreamed that at my 4th wedding I would walk down the aisle to "Sympathy for the Devil"...
Been taking in a lot of good info lately. I want to work on implementing it, but where to start?
way over and up I was like fuck. But its still usable.. obviously.
its only two more days than what you said lol.
"RIP Haters of Justin Bieber" RT If you agree
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window, & block out the world. ?
not you,what i saw
Like if I said "your tongue is so cute," would that be weird?? Lol
I don't need to prove myself to any1 bc I know that anything is possible as long as I have the determination & drive to succeed.
no i don't like you.. JK(: text me!
Countdown to TCAs- 2 hours and 4 minutes. starting to get eager ! yay !
So pretty much all you need to know about this game so far: Magic 6-15 on 3-pt attempts. Pacers: 0-5.
Now Playing: "Sixteen Saltines" from "Blunderbuss" (Jack White)
Thanks for another great #FNIchat! Although, still craving brunch!
hope you got all your texts from zach
just working on new music. My phone wouldn't let me reply on twitter yesterday
I have you and your mom in my thoughts.
Meet Gilbert von Cauwenberg at the SMI eye tracking booth no 200 at
I'm here for a wedding tonight. Any suggestions on things that aren't awful, besides the Ferris Wheel?
Artists are beginning to arrive @ SECCA for tonight's opening. Doors at 7pm. Music, performances, 3 great exhibits; free with cash bar.
Cars should be able to drive themselves. Cruise control isn't cutting it.
Bob's clearing the VHS movies out at $1 -- wide assortment of titles -- over 200 -- get 'em before they're gone!
#EpicMexSighs RT SNY Mets Pitch Predictor predicts a 98% chance Hernandez will be annoyed with pitch predictor usage.
RT The smell of freshly cut grass is actually the scent released by plants in distress
haha! Saw that. So awesome!
Any consistency of identity is always a matter of force.
I agree!?!
Likewise! So what kind of return can an author expect off of a $0.99 ebook sale on Amazon?
McKenzie's cinnamon rolls, and PJ's coffee for breakfast. that's how you start a day!
Malcolm Jamal Warner *swoons*
Well that
Baseball tomorrow! Blowing off part of the day for the vs. exhibition game.
Ooh! Say hi to the lovely and don't miss her presentation.
yes to outsiders, but in an office of angry UL fans looking for something to blame their loss on, that's what they've clinged to.
My pleasure! Let me know when you make it up to L.A.
At taylor xD
I miss your laugh, your smile, but most of all, I miss the way you said 'I Love You'
LOL at thinking the debate will help him
Programmed music no Bass no live drums and the sound system sounded horrible what is going on? They had about 400 members.
Hate sleeping alone "goodnight
Mornings fucks are the best :)
#RHOA these chicks are off the chains.
time to get #slammed!
you did wonderful bahja God is going to bless you even more in your future keep doing your pretty hustle and i hope to see u sn.
#julietsimms it should have been you! #jermainepaul seemed like a good guy, but man he did no justice to phil collins.
I can't sleep because my room for the first time ever decided to be hot -____-
Are people still falling for April fools pranks this late in the day? Come on!
I look at the syllabus to find out my professors' names. that's sad
Hello my followers! Sorry if I disappeared for a while but someone has been looking for me and the time to discover has not arrived yet.
Happy 7 months to my babe ❤👍😘
Let's GO DUKE! GTHC!!!
has an i-phone, android and blackberry app coming. I can't wait to see how it works!
You should assemble a team
And I know you're not afraid to use them, either!
OPPOSE ITEM 332 at City Council today at 2pm - Stop unfair changes to permitting process that could stop Earth Day in Balboa park
sendin some tunes ya way now
Yesterday was a Movie! had a great time on set of #TrinaBraxton's videoshoot w/ Pleasure meeting you Derrick! Thanx so much
Bout time apple launched
FOLLOW GREAT Twitters
Major League!!!
and are really getting me pumped for #BELIEVE! How long must I wait?!
New episode coming out in February!!! Stay tuned!!!
Loves hanging out with !!!
Yep,...Tme to make the
LETS GET #DESI #HIPHOP NEW JERSEY GONNA BE UP IN THE HOUSE
ha sure is intriguing. Oh you radio people...
#OneThingYouShouldntDo send me a 3am text saying you can't make it to work at 8:30
Ah, you both have great taste! Thomas is also a very excellent person as well as a great watchmaker.
my left knee is slight swollen and it hurts.. Fuck! Not good =/
thanks Carlyle!
need a graphic designer? Here we are! www.stardesignsa.com
RT : Groundhog's day & you deserve a cup of Corn Chowder with a Wilted Spinach & Roasted Pepper sandwich & Darjeeling tea for lunch
On Friday I tried to hug my 12 year old cousin. Instead of hugging me back he said "Ew, no. You're a ginger."
blow up Twitter with dog tweets.
kingston said 'ah' with wide eyes
Hello friends. We are working hard this winter to secure home field in the playoffs. This should be a great spring, we will see you soon!!!
Young artists today should pause & listen to songs like "Under Pressure" by Queen with Bowie - that's how you feature another artist.
where the hell is my Superman cape when I need it...... lol
You have no idea how happy I am right now hoot hoot!!
Enough with a Caucus. #Maine, #Iowa and #Nevada show the nation how NOT to select a #GOP nominee - or count.
Waiting inline for the passport app of my 9 months old daughter. Loads of forms ...
Down the rabbit hole again: so many great thinkers here that it's easy to get lost in endless "similar to" and "follows" list adds.
Happy New Year to ALL my friends and family! May the year 2012 bring positive change to all of us!
I'll say it again: All 3 men have such intense rationals for why they should stay in that this will only be decided at the #GOP convention.
Watching Survivor: One World with Viggle Wed | 8PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
We are great for any happy hour or event! We know your upscale clientele would love a good shoe shine..
wait, are you near a Jewish retirement home? We've been blasting bad 80s hair metal all day cooking for Passover.
A #golf tourney doesn't get to use the term 'prestigious' if said tourney is held at a club that doesn't allow
Piedmont YOU KNOW !!!!
#Comm103 is just wrapped up in life lessons! #notsarcastic okay some
Have a great trip... Hurry back
Apparently Working 48 hrs a week isn't enough
thanks 4 the amazing show in sf! Come back soon :-)
Ppl describe Pinterest like the latest drug "u tried Pinterest? U gotta try it, it's so amazing" while they are twitching w/ excitement!
talking about master cleanse, feels joyful!
Reviewing The Day the World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson I'm a pure sucker for science history. Can't wait to read it!
Never mind sharks in Egypt this headline in Time is causing chaos in the Supermarkets "Pregnant women warned to stay away from canned tuna"!
Happy to have you!
