Which dessert did you enjoy on Friday? :)
LMFAO! hm.... Not really :D
just because Sandusky was a former PSU coach doesn't mean 2nd Mile was a PSU organization so how is this relevant? Cont...
happy birthday ttw
Aw hush! Lol
this speaks volumes about you my friend!
Olympic 7s bore me for some reason but I gotta get the 6s
Huge thanks to and for having us out to ATT Altitude Gym last night. Great event and a great Gym!
Cheers 2 - I received #SaulBass book c/o in mail. Thanks again! It's ah-mazing & so #inspiring!
Fine, you better call!
Main Reason: Her appointee to Public Safety Commission: Mike Levy. He is incompetent. She will not replace him.
|#quotes The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?
Pictures of the little brother?
Sorry about the site being down. Again. Its back up now, order away
Time to get some work done.....goodnight Twitter
Drix, you know you love it!
little harsh?
...and this one belongs to the #Reds!
well he was one of the original jailblazers ..
RT OT Rule 1st team score win...#49ers win the toss...
hey OMGWire, are you still looking for staff writers?
Most underrated rap album:
why wont u follow
cool Thanx. Gonna look into that
In short, "Mad Men" is taking a lot longer to grab me than, say, "Friday Night Lights" or "Breaking Bad" did.
Feathered February! One Week until SQUAWK starts! get your tickets now!!
interesting, I wish I was there instead of the mixtape panel
I think I drove off in margarita with your car in my hand but in not sure what happened to your car.
Angela Carter is awesome
are you now comparing yourself to Marat? Really? I mean, Really?
Getting 2 dogs from NM next week from a high kill shelter. Hoping to find both GREAT homes...trying to do my little bit for the homeless...
This #movember shirt is going to be epic!
I love you too, boo!
for sure I'm free! why the 17th?
Haha just txt me
OH : Membase = data corruption at scale
NEW! The Science of Presentations With Dan Zarrella
Realizing the power of language. Infuriated a woman by saying "Uterus" and "fuck" at the OBGYN today. Seriously?
Good morning! We're open at 11am! SW 9th and Alder.
today is my daughters birthday! ! Have a great day everyone!
Jake, are u gonna make it? Do u want a McChicken? -
haha oh believe me I want a day off too but if you take a day off somebody will pass you and beat you that's what I think haha
Okay. Must go eat...later
"Love isn't a word OR action. It's an idea. And—when this IDEA is understood, we express it in the most creative and intuitive ways! —DJ T&B
If & I worked as hard on writing an article abt libraries as playing DrawSomething, we would've easily written a masterpiece
the iPhone app works on the iPad.
twitter on my Iphone is way easier then on the computer..
All I know is that it is so hott!!! Anyone agree?
Just in time for winter! I'll still get some sunlight, even if it's dark(ish) when I arrive and dark when I leave :)
End your day with something to be thankful for...helps you to sleep better.
This school day needs to fly by. I have plans. <333
Most cars have a sticker in the drivers' door that tells the weight of the vehicle
LoL yes draw all the fandom related things! LoL Ugh once I can word it out then I'll be happy to vent, its stuck right now *Hugs*
Are you wondering if #p90x works??
I can't watch this contortionist. Gross!!
no you're wrong. Im right! ^.^
So, I've been getting my mentions hella late, WHY?
Quick question: on a scale of 1 to 10, how often do you go to any page on the Yahoo! site (including the search function)?
Monster Rain...remember...Monster Rain...you will get through this!!!
Had great time's in the BX last night!!
Half the time I feel like saying
im so very sorry 2my bestiieee i cant hit u up rightnow cz idont got a phone nor labtop =(but ill xplain l8r cuz im in class
#MaximumBeadle What does Rex Ryan need to do in the #Jets locker room, to get them back to the playoffs and back on track?
Man we arguing like we still together WTF!
10 days of class left!!!
(Yes I'm going crazy with ticket buying now) I just got tickets for M. Ward at 9:30 Club on 5/13/2012: on
Dear "Nob Hill Corp", your San Mateo & Constitution location makes your use of the 1st two words suspect
lol yeah he IS sexy (; haha
how far did you run man?
After i finished calling for the 1000000000000000th time my mom was like "im scared of how much ur phone bill is gonna be" lol
...BTW...I'm at Mamma Sbarro's(The one we ate at last year)In NYC =)
Thanks! It's about time, eh?
haha- I got some work for u! Work for me! An just hold out for the warm weather! It's coming on Wednesday!
Its time
Teacher:I need an example of an interger(-). Kid: -69 Teacher: What's an example of positive? Me: +69 . Teacher: Enough with it!
the way my cat is adoring me right now really just means he wants food :(
your like an Indian summer in the middle of winter ..like a hard candy with a surprise center.
oh yep I've been pretty good had my ups and downs though
I got my camera today, this is so cool, thank u for doing this!
Hannah Montana
aint nothin like a good high
I have 781 followers and none of them retweet my tweets.
That is wired. I've never seen that. Gross
I need to go to new orleans
Having Fun With Yaheyra And Ebony. ^-^ <3
See why the fuck are you asking me where I'm from. Like if I really wanted your ass to know I'd turn on my location...
u r special ur my kind of special:)
just saw your movie never say never and I must admit I was impressed... Blown away your story really touched my heart.
Goodnight Beautiful people <3
Twitter is still showing my old user? This is annoying.
21+ ICON FRIDAYS: GLOW PARTY SPECIAL EVENT FT DJ REFLEX, , , D-NICE DRUMSET, &
Just got a long overdue cut from at Bang U st. Looking good for the summer heat in DC!
dj just described musician as Chilean Bob Dylan. I should pay more attention when the radio is on.
YES INDEED! Maybe a little Bmore fun :)
Sweet. You need to be the tip of the spear for Paleo promotion.
50 cent beer night tonight starting at 5pm. Time to get out and enjoy this beautiful weather while it lasts!
#HalfNelson movie....interesting
how'd the haircut/grade end up? Twit pic?
No work today! I would be giddy about it, but my sinuses are so stopped up, I can't freaking breathe! :-(
« « Any fool with a dick can make a baby but, only a real man can raise his children»»
#Revenge time..I love this show!
Just found a bug wherein 9,000+ mysterious AJAX requests are fired, for no apparent purpose, in under 30 seconds.
hey Cinders. For a short film possibly filmed in LA.
Calibration is the key to print, we calibrate our printers every two hours or when we change a roll. How often do you ?
Grind4Success= Maturity, Dreamer, Faith, Focus, Determination, Dreamer, Integrity, but most of all HARDWORK
Just found the song of my life!!!! #score!!
You should cite yourself! RT your own report and build that brand! :-)
Can't believe this semester is already coming to a close
Not even bothering to check my geometry grade. I know i failed.
tryna go see that new #americanpie tonight. shit looks like its gonna b great
I'm watching the game right now. I don't have any plans and I'm not sure I want to go out. What are you doinst?
Anyone wanna buy a spectator pass to #MLG Anaheim? I'm not going to be able to go. It's $35, which is what I paid for it. I swear. :-)
Not only am I playing at the acoustic on the 19th, but so is ! Come down and see us play some music for the MTG :)
in Focused learning community meeting trying to find common definition of "mobile learning"
FX is going with a space theme today... Lost in Space, Star Trek and Planet of the Apes. Where the Space Jam?
Find out what’s happening, right now, with the people and organizations you care about
If only.
wow. You're my hero right now. Congrats on Shark Tank!
Are you kidding? You would make more money by selling tank-tops...this is the desert...sheesh!!!
1000 followers! #HellYes special thanks to ALL of #TeamYes Love you all!
got my acsessories for halloween, and i saw lida, sergio, and na'breona at halloween city. love ya'll.jk
Almost 100 (and growing) here protesting the USC master plan and EIR [Figueroa and Expo] before USC 6pm event
i think i have a self-distribution strategy... maybe? more when i flesh it out better
love census indexers with great handwriting!
I feel like crying omg I love him :,)
RT : Confused about Twitter? Ask your VA to teach you and help manage your account.
haha, we think that might finally get BoA some Props. ;)
Remy seems to think he's a pug!
I love my girlfriend
The “best” college for a student is not necessarily the most prestigious, it's the one that offers a student the most opportunities.
Am I the only one who had an out-of-body experience listening to on #Idol tonight? WOWZAPALOOZA!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for calling me today. Made me feel ❤👍 see u tomorrow
District Track meet at Woodlands today!!!
Isn't it obvious that Kim has no skills or talent and she needs to be thankful she's got a man (with a lil' money) and Kandi to help her?
Murray State is a very good team, but profile suggests a 6 seed. Nothing to be ashamed of.
As a wise Jedi once said...*get off twitter & get your rest*
Junior Seau committed suicide? If that's true its very unfortunate & it goes to show that u never know what may be going on w/ someone.
CandySwipe nearing 2 million game plays since its release in December!
lol no just nails
#15peopleilove #2 even though she beats me...
Click www.souncloud.com/djdmannyc listen and enjoy!!
#gumroad is brilliant. Who said all the great ideas were taken? Gumroad.com
Tuesday is ladies day! $10.00 off any oil change, we come to your office, business or home.
It's a big deal in that we operate like we're Belton. That's all.
get the Pacers inked on your bicep, the Kings inked on your head, and the Lakers inked on your ring finger
sounds like fun haha
#AutoRepair When the Car Wonâ € ™t Start
If you're going to Opening Day, leave now.
Are you for Obama's United Socialist States of America?
Hey Jason...thanx for the RT!
give a little time to me, we'll burn this out.
36k at first break from 20k starting stack in MGM 1600 main.
#GABF winner Two Tortugas Belgian Quad preview tomorrow 1 keg goes on until it's gone.
Twinsies say thank you!
Obama strategists are predicting it now. Guess it all depends on what the economy does, and doesn't do.
wait. what? I thought we were open for business. I was told that small business owners would rule the world. weird.
know you've been in bltmore for awhile when you see an unlocked bike parked in another city and stare in awe.
u at work
very well put.
RT : We feature some of the best #blogs in
Merion mercy !  best school ever ! I went there for a tour and loved it <333
just got a press release that began: "hello [first name]." gonna be a good week, it seems.
The Ultimate Fighter sucks this season! I can't wait until it goes international. We will see fireworks then for sure.
today is 'National Train Day'
LOVED IT and loved that her husband supports her also. RT : How did y'all feel about Viola's 'do? Gasp in horror? Admire her ...
As of this morning all City Council members will likely adopt legal opinion of the Law Dept and not include the D3 map.
RT : Well behaved women seldom make history.
I saw the love of my life last week and felt nothing
Thanks to and @ for retweeting the news of the ghost conference with their followers. :)
In their wisdom, the Founders provided us with a 2nd Amendment allowing us to shoot any big mouth, motherfucker invoking the 1st Amendment.
Still some availability for November & December, discounts apply!! orangegrovesvilla.com
ok have fun:)
Definitely and keep Fields as well. He's pretty good too.
Our bird feeder is now attracting cats AND rats. Should one cancel the other out?
Time is never wasted when you're getting wasted.
predicting 18 holes in one! Woot!
Sounds like you're getting caught up in your lies.
Yes ma'am! :) Warrrrmmmm down here too
when you get a moment, DM me where to resend press kit for interview. Love you much!
Lessons from #WMNatSec : Gender bias: women can be labeled as “support” Need to toot your own horn. Make others aware of your resume.
*snort* Keep your snoogers to yourself.
Seven days without ones love makes one weak
Just landed in LA for the week for work.. Already saw Far East Movement
Thx for the reco. RT If you're looking for a great place to eat, The Prado.. is in the park. Excellent food.
HEY TJ! :D
#breakfastclubsmoke is trending! I don't understand the smoke part, but break a leg to everybody in the cast today <3 love you all!
Can someone in the UI/UX world PLEASE explain why apps & websites still read "username" during log in when I'm really submitting my email?
- I got things to do and not argue over this foolery <<<< No excuses for Kobe, just like Lebron
sorry. Some ur undergrads junk article on wind power in the newspaper. We shall respond
return to work set for 5/10. still in shock here. much to do while brain is foggy. Ms.15 with her dad, house is quiet and new normal far off
They say that quitters never win.
OMG HE NEEDA HURRY UP AND COMEE ON..!!!!!!!
I visit you daily, tell you volcano will destroy your island next year, offer free ticket for ship to escape, but you decline? God is Love
In the lobby for a drink. Can't believe how warm it is at
read this
Dark chocolate lovers can try Mo’s Dark Bacon Bar which uses 62% dark chocolate than milk chocolate
watching other artists live shows is inspiring as hell
That's right you will! :) RT: Silly class u preventd me from winning TT. But ill get them next time
Love the photos especially Miles and Foxy Brown
I can't watch it because you linked it from YouTube Mobile lol.
Follow I will follow back
A girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
great post thank you so much <3
#dying [HD] Nightcore - Time Of Dying
“: Lovin watching the bucks on Espn. Bucks v Bulls playoff series would be sweet. #bucks” nice!
S/O 2 for showing me love last night 😘 thanks boo
Indeed. That would work really well with the new HQ building they're working on.
Damn today is beautiful! Suns out, slight breeze, and 70 degrees. This calls for a cold one.
Tweet ya' later!
Late night grind
“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” -Vince Lombardi
I saw that haha but I'm gonna change it now! (:
Tickets to catch rock on April 24th go on sale tomorrow at 10AM, make sure to bookmark this link --> bit.ly/zx2DR2
DailyHookahTip#156: Don't light quick-start #coals on the #hookah, light it on the stove to prevent undesirable tastes from your
No problem, have a good day! RT : Thanks for the RT!
I just wanna give a big thank you to my friend, , for fucking me out of eating Panda Express tonight. Sure Commons will be fine.
I HATE for someone to sneeze on me, in my direction, or sneeze with covering their mouths...
thanks for the mention! have a great weekend!
Greco's tips: 1)Assess organization's financial health and readiness to support scale, 2)establish comfort with growth strategy...
Pittsburgh is fucked up... We gotta get it together.
if they're staying the weekend, we shall stalk
": im fina move to Milwaukee.. fuck it, YOLO!!!!"aint nothing here lol
We will be having a Year End Wine Bottle Sale along with a late night happy hour for New Year's Eve!
don't ignore my business card :-)
SPAM. And it was completely unintentional. Just because I have a dislike for doesn't mean i dislike you. :)
next time I want an adventurous cab ride; I'm calling on you. You can hail a cab in Cali from your #smartphone right?
Thanks for the info! Was hoping it was going to be soon.
i wanna meet austin mahone
Yeah, I agree. Thanks for sharing that!
Thanks for the #ff!
makes me wonder what you got in your car Ocho... Or what that squirrel was trying to bury in your floor mat...???
I personally would like as our official glove of the team local company and quality production
I ❤ and her boo relationship they so THUGED OUT!!
Life is a total of hurt and love in a big circle.
what prize do you win if you get the most favorites for your #defineentrepreneurship post?
It doesn't feel like Sunday. But I can guarantee that tomorrow will feel like a Monday.
If you still ask about my patentS you obviously do not know me.
If you can't handle me at my worst, you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Home waiting for my baby!!! ❤
Want to buy a prison system? a #Lottery? Liquor distribution rights? a #Turnpike? The State of #Ohio is selling! Get em while they're hot!
Best laid plans... Left early for Estacada and just pulled over b/c the under storage compartments won't lock. Never a dull moment!!
and i missed it once again!!ugh
But that's just because of the bad look people give it
Hi Mike I have always looked up to you in many way whether it was when I was boxing or just in general you are my
I'd be willing to donate a box.
Dividing to conquer today! headed to Jax for meeting & staying put to work on #FAS2012 poster.
I'm alive&i will survive show the world that I can take it
I'm not going to wait around forever
HA! Really? #BadPR RT : works for So, PR 101, "Reuters has a story today..." isn't going to hook him.
Blake Griffin is destroying Zach Randolph in the post.
greet me with a middle finger when you see me!! ill be honest mals--kinda #drunk right now
YES!! RT “: Spent the night thinking about Facebook changes. One thing clear: content more important than ever.”
Merry Christmas!
There are some def. moments in Twitter of historical sig. (Iran elections) & then there are the long-term trends.
Director is the pilot of the story in a lighthouse to keep the actors off the rocks.
damn! I thought Robb Vogel was going to get the endorsement. Second pick was you.
you'd be throwing your tomatoes at them. Still hoping for a Community softball game.
Goodyear, ACT At Thunder Road - PaddockTalk
Only Hoes Out At This Time Of The Night
DS: the Ravens season is over.. But with the draft, free agency, Ozzie's magic & training camp, we'll get to 1,000 followers by next season!
awh thank you ;)
What photo??
My cousin has her prom today. I lovee her soo much, and I'm excited for her. <3
What is the term for plunging just-cooked food, such as vegetables, into ice-cold water to halt the cooking?
Beat in bowling :)
#sschat #edteach #edchat How do you deal with colleagues who are unwilling to try new ideas especially in the area of technology?
#StayAwayFromMeIf if u have absolutely nothing positive to say...
young jeezy#leave you alone.
Anywhere! I would have hit that up today for lunch but didn't want to get out of my car.
you guys were awesome! And I got one of your new CDs! I love it!!!
Sizzlin' Summer Sunday Drag Brunch! Erica Andrews & Krystal Summers will make you laugh & smile while u enjoy some great food! ck us out!
tmrw we going ham. So stop whining.
I have so many funny things I want to say about the kid wearing a Lakers jersey and hat. Dude, Kobe won't help you pass this final.
I miss our life talks
Which is preferable in C#: partial classes or extension methods, and why?
More great Ergen nuggets: The DISH chair also said Monday that if AT&T's proposed $39B takeover of T-Mobile goes through, the doors are ope…
Don't know what I'm gonna do tonight. Last episode of Desperate Housewives EVER. 😭 I will literally be crying rivers.
Just out of curiosity, are your parents siblings?
RT : RT For younger kids, Treat “whine” as a foreign language. Since you don’t understand whine, he will stop...
theres never a right time to say goodbye
I like men, not boys.
How is that??
mission accomplished :)
That fictional book is now more powerful than the man they suppose to SERVE
Saw folks shooting #Dexter on pacific in #sanpedro yesterday. #sanpedro is the new
well it's likee messages from other people, so it's not me hahaa. but thanks (:
I really like your pants, off.
theres a 1 in a million chance that will notice me
No one in this whole bar is talking. The set is just that hauntingly beautiful.
...then I tried a cheesecake made with red berry ciroc.. Superb.👌lol
Music on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno - WM
well thank you-everyone loving the new pic!!! Thx
she was like that everyday for us when I was in eighth grade. feel lucky (:
lol that's why
One of favorite tips on writing...Why this day? Answer this questions and you'll fix many-a-plot.
Ah so full!!
Three more... RT : CALL TO ARTIST: ART Milwaukee is commissioning a mural at Miller Brewery.
we're not that bright cut us some slack :/ lol
todd mentioned said cookware. Im jealous.
Great info about that pirate app!
Last day of CAMEX, come see us in #2521!
Great to meet you yesterday at your super informative talk. Safe travels home!
Mother's Day is a Week a away. Give her something that will impact How she looks & feels: A gift certificate or appt. 904-636-0787
cssmania now charges $10 to submit? whack.
you think that will ever happen and whos this cool guy your talkin about?
Tell us about YOUR experiences with Hieber’s – post here, message us, or email . Tell us what you like, or what we can...
I admire your views and your desire to help! Hugs
Free dessert per table on us this week! Just check in to us on your Yelp, Facebook, or Foursquare apps when you visit.
isn't he so adorable? at first he didn't like it-than we stepped outside in the rain and now he's in love with the jacket.
This could be the little devil who is prankish or disruptive in the classroom or with other playmates.
dam dats one kool ass teacher who finally sees all the effort u have done during ur skoolwork...
fear of snakes
Musicians watching #8in8 panel, remember something Damian Kulash said at the beginning: "It's great, except nobody pays you"
you know I'm behind the scenes working on my performance, thank you so much you will b in the vip every time I go, much L H
Thanks Laura!! <3 <3 Hope you are having a great week. X
In art with damn fool.....
absolutely. Btw, Your work looks great up there. Awesome job!
Chili Cookoff in San Diego this saturday!
Does anyone know anything about Inverse #Kinematics? Seeking a Sr. #Developer with IK exp. Hit me up if interested -
no way! Do tell - who? Do you remember? are they still in the competition? AWESOME
Well done, Steph. Very even tempered and non-accusatory while still getting your point across. Well done.
Hah...I will ask you questions, don't worry. Unless you WANT to do a monologue :)
Hi MU Grads! The GSO is looking to organize a series of 'Coffee & Conversation' to chat w/ grads from all over campus. What times work best?
Rivera reveals that before his injury, he was leaning towards returning to pitch in 2013.
Watching Harold&Kumar (: its the new christmas one(:
4th row lucas oil vs steelers sunday night. I will take it al day
I love how I can relate to every song. They're the best <3
Wider sidewalks for people to walk outdoors & breathe the terrible #LA air? How about subsidies for healthier foods & #diets ?
Solar biomass: using trees, bacteria, algae, corn, soy beans, or oilseed to make energy fuels, chemicals, or building materials.
hey I got to go bye
What's your all-time favorite beauty product and why?
Happy overstuff day. Today is the day u can still taste the turkey from yesterday in your burp
Was expecting to come home to some bomb food considering everyone was feasting before I went out.... Nothing 👎
going to be great :)
The Sultan of Buffalo Sneezes #coworker is back from her 2-week vacay. Drat. Just in time for allergy season
also we're going to find a way to blame this on luongo somehow.
the last day of my Tuesday/Thursday classes
well neither can I
can't believe this school year is coming to an end!!! =/...wow it went by SO fast!!!
#6 the first day on the countdown <3
Its complicated!
car payment day sucks
It's actually very interesting. I just couldn't help being a smart-a$$.
Mother Nature wreaked havoc on the roses with these winds - petals all over. Looks like a wedding took place in the backyard.
no, that IS vacuum. I need a carpet broom.
also check out the free vocabsushi iPhone app &learn GRE vocab through classic novels. flashcards out/Jane Austen in!
looks like I found Nemo.
miss you too!
good heavens! Of course I shall… so sorry for the good Mister :(
so very lame
Wow! Hollie Cavanagh opened #americanidol with a terrific rendition of "Rolling in the Deep" by Adele. Well done.
But I'm feeling a lot better--thank you :)
pretty good nap
Where have you checked?
BEST DAY EVER! Clearly Ally has magical powers. See y'all tonight!!
i have JB as A Friend on skype
Sit yo 5 dollar ass down, before I make change ! (;
eat chocolate bunnies and say fuck it like the rest of us bro
#Zipsters, you only need to complete three simple steps for a chance to win a free ride in a BMW.
Hi Please email us at and we'll respond accordingly | Thanks for the interest in
Need to go buy a frame for this photo.
RT : The Dickman Brothers are in Seattle tomorrow night at Benaroya Hall! Matthew Dickman & Michael Dickman Come......
Who is wearing shorts in the workplace today? My hair is frizzing out a bit from this Van Hise humidity.. :/ wa-wa.
What was your biggest surprise moment ever on the show?
K twitter is fuckin up... :/
I Hate My Face
The Daily Aztec is independent from us. But scanning the archives does sound like a good idea!
Could I please have a beta invite code? Thanks!!
Marlies and Carlos say have a good trip as well. We missed you in New York!
id be willing to trade some Christmas ale for #vawine..... (wish id known sooner, there's some in the fridge!)
Goodmorning Austin! Love you(:
So they remade punk'd
Mushrooms always grow in damp places and so they look like umbrellas.
Mizzou is a force to be reckoned with in the NCAA tournament. Anything less than a Final 4 appearance will be a complete failure.
We will be hiking at Kenneth Hahn park in Los Angeles next Saturday July 9th. Join us!! Register at www.nourishedfamilys.com.
This guy is super funny on that kobe interview
Tom Cruise turns 50 this year
my first time doing one on my own. don't hurt yourself...its really rough. lol ;)
Habitat accepts all people no matter race, religion,political affiliation, sexual orientation, or background. We love you all.
Didn't get it wet. Didn't do nuttin to it... Why it acting ?!? Slow, much??? :P
Starting work on a local showing of The Visitor - great coalition working to talk about immigration detention and deportation issues.
I'm not familiar with the show #unnecessaryhashtaggery Also, they should consider shortening it.
ah san diego <3 i truly don't understand how i survived five years away from you. one weekend was too long.
Sunshine and swell times
James Harden got elbowed hard...wow!!!
Woke up in a world where #lakings are 1 win from the Stanley Cup Finals..... Im so going to LA!!
call me
my #WifeWalker also refuses to talk about #GameOfThrones with me.
whiteness creates the false sense of interest whiteness becomes property
I'm still drunk, gotta sober up so I can head to the studio
take no advice from Erica lol.
good question e__e
Man I absolutely CANNOT WAIT for next weekend. The Players is my favorite event on tour.
Sure, you can deal with kids, but can you deal with Skwirls? We hope so!!!!! Best & success!!!!
We are right here and working hard! :)
Thanks for the retweet@
oh ok sweet! Let's chill, it's nice- pretty hot lately!
bring in your wife and kids for some ice cream! :-)
good to know!! With or without chocolate?
This is not a premiere?
Thank You mami : Easy to support the talent you share! Happy Sunday T!
I miss playing in my band so much right now
it's gross, but I feel like it's a different shade of yellow
I use to be in ma twitter bag heavy im so lite now smh
i need to clear my mind.
You're my beautiful girl.
who said anything about a baby?
Don't fall before you're pushed. - Proverb
The #jackdaniels selection is now done as well!! Look for these personal touches at #mgmgrandlv bars and outlets in the coming weeks!!!
I may have given a damn, but I NEVER gave a fuck.
Stop ignoring your pain and let someone help you get to the bottom of it. www.drbradfarra.com
good signing.
I was wondering if yhu CLD follow me todai
and now you want somebody to cure the lonely nights, you wish you had somebody to come and make it right.
! the sheer hypocrisy of it all. and yes, i guess room for boys too, but i feel like shared poison = worse!
lol really at 3:22 in the morning u don't think it can wait until later?
Can't wait for the next party.
damn man I missed out on that session. But I have started 420 already
Thanks, we did! Too bad I couldn't get the kid to eat the Mac 'N Cheese :-)
I really hate when I drop the bottle cap cuz I def dont put that shit back on the bottle
she is choosy or something but the fact that we always want to give her the best makes it
you were blonde?
rejected... at least money takes no part in this for me
Can I wear gold lamé?
i heard you are visiting me! :)?
Are you participating in ? We're excited for Friday's #edemocracy panel.
Anyone know why traffic is being redirected on my block and cars are being searched? Not sure if I should go out to ask questions...
dude. Are you stupid?
Yes a good talk happened last night indeed. I can't confirm the Subway sandwich though. :)
Lupia. Communicating in a partisan environment: like it or not, your science communication is political
it has been quite a while! :)
Watching Steve Jobs special on 60 minutes. He reminds me so much of a boss I once had it's scary!
wish that was here in idaho too!!!!!
no way!!! Are you for real?! :) we like him
Can I get a little goose in my Oj?
the #AHSFX finale was terrible. Made me want to vomit.
I really like bulk product import/export extension for magento... Helped me a lot with custom options and gallery images.
For sure RT : A3: What about Fried Green Tomatos? Or Okra? M....
Its going to be another late open mic. Thanks to all the amazing ppl playing and listening
Carnevor Gift Card + Mother's Day Card = Done Shopping :)
Thanks so much to everyone who attended #Chicago Heroes for #Haiti last night. Great turnout for a great cause.
"bartenders are the new musicians" -
B Shutz: Gold OA allows teachers and concerned citizens to remain inside the scholarly community.
Inaccuracy. RT : What in the world has gotten into Rajon Rondo's jump shot?
#nowfollowing hopefully the guy with the long black hair healed your sinuses...lol.
May is going to be incredibly busy. Wouldn't have it any other way :)
k guyz im out realy tired mabe and will notice me tomorow
why are we calling this number
I can't Drive Slow Cause I feel Like I'm NEVER gonna get to my destination
yeah sounds good! :)
OH on Angelina's dress: She looks like a bloody, dying swan. No, she looks like a tampon.
Planning for 2011 Tax season
that's great!
Nah, criticism and commentary is valid too - especially if it incites other people to make progress. :-)
#drugreactions: Side effects of a #drug can take years to appear. Use medications that have been in the market for several years.
always Yo call me
lol u silly
What's Happnin
Why can't I just meet one really amazing guy?
Feel like a good uncle by taking my nephew to the movies
Its funny cause your a whore and your like twelve.
Ditto! Sign me up to canvass : haven't given to re-elect yet, but will if finally comes out for
#FF for hosting our nearly sold out performance this past Tuesday.
Actually it sounds like your *get up early for work* body clock is working just fine.
Keep up the great work. I enjoy watching you play. lovely family my bro keep playing hard..
Hello I am a student of and am inquiring about internships at in Milwaukee. Are still you accepting?
Are you religious? Because I'm the answer to all your prayers
My resolve to get at least 8 hours of sleep each night is weak. Going to give it another shot tonight. 'Night twitterverse.
That Zumba fitness ain't no joke
the shining will forever remind me of film lit, lol
Writing a novel.
It's too early for movie-making...
We can't tell you just yet. But something tells us if you reread that tweet a few times, you'll pickup on a few clues. ;)
Great turn out at #bashh ! Time to work the crowd.
how appropriate :) !
"Music is the shorthand of emotion." -Leo Tolstoy
Be on the lookout for the latest Prof. Burke commercial which is also co-promoting #TheAvengers!
": “Solitude is a way to defend the spirit against the murderous din of our materialism.”-Thomas Merton"
Wish I could play... RT Starting a summer flag football league tonight
I can't handle this anymore...
Yours is hardly a "fresh" perspective - it's just the same treadworn social conservatism.
I'm going to something called a mushroom dinner tonight. It better be FUN(gus)!
Unfortunately my unicorn powers can't work in these situations. odfjgdfg Why did this have to happen. Ugh. that's so sad D:
We live in the “WTF” generation. [W]ikipedia [T]witter [F]acebook
Q7 Read & save job descriptions for positions you like. Ask yourself how you can get those qualifications via work/study/volunteer
Tonight's Band Night with THE CHEATERS is brought to you by Jagermeister!
Missed you too, Dapper!
it personally...i mean u gotta laugh at life 2 enjoy it.:-) ▔\▁(ヅ )▁/▔
Maybe you're just Hungry?
worst realization
Looking for Youtube's next big star for my show, would love to profile them. Follow and send me their info!
Fantastic speech from POTUS and now time for the GOP rebuttal. Should be interesting...
u guys'll make it, hope u do well, but there are only 3-4 teams that can win it all this year.
Happy to report that I successfully defended my dissertation yesterday. Thanks to many of you for the encouragement & friendship
Well it's time for a nap, than it's off to the taste of colorado. Meeting some friend, going to see the Neville Brothers. Later ;-))!!!
how'd you do?
if this game stays like this syracuse will pull out and win. Cuse wins close games.
32 teams with about 12 players each and only 32 owners is that fair. 50/50 split is that fair?
“: Chase is in town. I can see you parked down the street from my house.” you should check his bedroom;)
I don't need to hope anymore because I'm tired of being disappointed.
"It's all about ass, isn't it?"
Wonder who I'm riding wit tmrw down KennyWood ..
we had a crazy night
Shower time. When I come back the Lakers better be in the lead.
yes (: #middleschoolmemories are the best haha (: so much dramma but never really apart of it this year(:
ok, i will foever officailly never eat another popcicle ever again
I just can't stop listening to My Kinda Party by Jason Aldean!
I never sweat a bish that y I alway keep a towel
4 for me :D
: stop stalking austin mahone. ;D he's a normal kid like you both .... losers ;D
Yes!!! Good things DO happen to good people.
I have used 199.9 mb out 200 mb for this month on data... I'm one lucky dude
Rather die enormous than live dormant, that's how we on it.
Just dance, gonna be okay, down on the floor. Just dance, spin that record, babe, been here before.
All your fortune lies beneath your hat. - John Oldham
On the way to band contest:)
Fuck it im never coming to the movies wit her nd him again
LET'S GO HEAT!!!
Disney's night of Joy. Mercyme, BarlowGirl, Thirday....etc. Sat sept.11-12. What a way to think about 9/11.
Can't wait to see my sister tomorrow!!!
RT : Move in day for class of 2016 is Aug 23rd! #soexcited --> Make sure to follow and !
Np! Thanks for the follow also. :)
#itsawesomewhen my crush looks at me and smiles
Tom was with me at a political function and introduced himself as Todd, todd palin. I'm married to a smart alek.
Busy here already! And people are looking to buy instead of just looking! Great news!
Now, Marie: "My soul paces the afterlife...puff phantom cigarettes...what haunts me is what's left unreconciled."
Yankees activate Eric Chavez; send Eduardo Nunez to Triple-A. (Carig)
thanks and thanks for your interest in the event. Our bishop will be there, I think.
#viennateng and #alexwong were absolutely awesome!
I wish would make me something to eat -.-
My boyfriend needs to cone home sooner!
it to do neat things. Totally new project, so the rules haven't all been written yet. Which is part of why I'm excited. :D
Was at dinner and 2 women were talking next to us. NONSTOP. Sounded like clucking hens after a minute. I think I was happier their food came
ebay is usually ur best bet for older stuff, just make sure the seller has good feedback.
Thank you for the shout out, Alex. We should meet up this week. Interested?
Manhattan..but I'm headed to Jersey now. Will be in the Bronx & Jersey City tomorrow..
Another birthday where I wish you would come up to me, text me, or tell me on facebook to have a happy one, but it never happens.
"Schmaltz, or chicken fat, has a great flavor and richness; it has a deeper flavor than duck fat and can be used on nearly everything."
Have you been wondering about renting out your house for the Super Bowl? What ?s do you have? Send them my way for a Star article I'm doing.
all these ladies are freaking pepas!
The security of "security questions" seems dubious. I always think my answers could be figured out with a little reporting.
It was fun last night! :) RT : Hanging out with at Front Page news in Little 5!
Hey I need to talk to you!
1.You dance amazing 2.Sing amazing! 3.You are amazingly HOT!!!!! Wow #Triple-threat!!!!!! #Inspiration #Rt<3
Those Chincoteague photos are beautiful.
If I hadn't been late to school I could've asked my mom to pick me up early
reasons to whine? perhaps, but there is a constructive way to verbalize feelings that doesn't include whining
Hey , my answer is Joanne
D;
When you start LIVING for GOD...worry, pain, anger ends.... Start living for God and watch how your life changes!
That'll work. :)
12 great fast & furious messages in, I ask about meeting this week & she goes silent for 24 hrs. This is sandpaper on my sanity.
Sorry I'll have to miss the dry run after the #SItweetup. How to catch the next one!
austin has a gf?
Bell bell I am SO happy! lol
Humor distorts nothing, and only false gods are laughed off their earthly pedestals
Ready for this Craig Campbell concert! HH central is about to get started in about 10min. Come party with the best!
are you still in tally ?
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
A Simple Homemade Brownie Recipe from Scratch by Simone Smith
I love a man that can eat pussy right!!
that is to say, #atxcouncil ppds UTPDC contract discussion
#Phraseoftheday - We are in FINAL construction documents, so NO more changes! Ever had to say that before? ;)
Butler opens as a 4 point favorite at home today against the Milwaukee Panthers.
We store no credit card information, and any such info must be reentered each time, so no serious harm could befall you anyway.
“: Barack. Romney is ignorant and fake. RT : Mitt Romney vs. Barack Obama” Obama going down!
I'm a NPR junkie too - esp This American Life and Planet Money. I think we'll get along great!
I meant baseball, to actually have space to stretch out and let it fly. I would if I could though.
Literally just spent the past 5 hours on my floor finishing my label project. My back is in knots :(
heard it was rough for the cinematic quadrupeds. Maybe the Broadway version is the only way to go
Or "Desolation Row"
what time does it start? Screening just ended
You are beautiful. Love.
tears, sneezing, wheezing, and itchies. Bloody
Some of my current openings include: Group Manager; Miami Tourism; AE’s for Tech, Corporate and Consumer; VP, Crisis PR; and Senior Executi…
love ya and thank u 4 holding me down tonight!! Sorry I forgot to thank you on stage, but you and were amazing!!
what's good for Friday bro
#FF - Lily, YOU are amazing. I know things are hard right now, but stay strong. You can get through it. I believe in you.
i do!
well watch that shit.. thats crazy.. it's sad
Lots of #awesome thunder and lightning today. Maybe it'll be quiet?
Good and Sweet dreams remember its not a sweet dream if its not sticky lol
Who told you too be nice?
Ok I see that the use of the word "amazing" to describe the Sonos ad had the wrong intention. I'm just really happy with the results!!
Excited for 's birthday in 4 days!
Now it makes sense! Dem & GOP on was Apr Fools gag. Y else would they be so out of touch? Just let it be!
Honestly, I have no idea. Google it maybe :)
Hey , coming to your party tonight (I'll be the "Blob" particle in Mezz. K-117). Break a leg!
"I didn't think—I couldn't tell if it was a banjo or electric guitar or if it was lightning bolts from heaven." - Hartford on Earl Scruugs
Aside from , a few top #edtech news spots =
Tweet stealing & swagger jacking is for losers!!!
- If the BOSS says New Jersey, it's New Jersey
I am talking to a number of nonprofits and child advocates in the area to maximize the impact of this effort. Website will be up by mid Oct.
Great! It will be the start to a spring of looking differently at our outdoors.
Life is a shit sandwich and on bad days you get no bread
I like your style.
I didn't think it was possible to find announcers more annoying than Buck & Aikman or the MNF crew. I was wrong.
That's good Linde.... We all have them days sis
You're welcome! I'm doing great! Thanks for asking. ;)
not unless you are here.
thanks, Pamela! I got it at the Hudson Booksellers store in the Nashville airport. It might be an airport thing.
Failure is your best teacher.
so they not jumpin me ? Well he must be an octopus then cause I saw a lot of shit up in my face
Happy Friday everyone!
friday and saturday
oh grass.
Bahahahahahahahahaha!!!! I hope you're okay.
thanks for the follow, and yes I agree The Flaming Lips "Waitin' For A Superman" is a gem.
Tv Lcd Color Lcd Tv Portable - cheap lcd tvs
believe it honey! You deserved it<3 you
that sounds about right for Intel's logic. Strange acquisition...
hey how do you know about ? great to see we have a follower from SoCal!
you could text me !
tummy aches have been off and on 4 awhile. We've talked 2 allergist, gastroenterologist. Another scope coming in June or July.
Hour number 30, had a Monster and an oatmeal raisin cookie. Is today still Monday or April??
"You can now set end times and durations for your Meetups." <-- That's great, and I love you Meetup, but why is this just happening?
Haha I made salsa and guac. My grandma doesn't like cream cheese :(
Light on my heart, light on my feet. Light in your eyes I can’t even speak. Do you even know how you make me weak?
#MSC2011 Happy to see a large number of sessions as well as examples of schools from across the USA being represented.
thank u :)
Come on Angels!!
If I had a gun... Oh wait, I do have a gun... #southern ;)
#questionsihateanswering "do you still like " well la duh I do!
is that Dorothy Hamill?
Haha! You beat me to a tweet of the NYT story. CRAZY STUFF!!
Romance novelist trivia? I want to play that!
Stay positive! We have the Phillies...
Girl, just keep working... lol
This guy keeps yelling "2012!!" In class. Like shut the fuck up. Seriously dude.
when i'm dying i have a feeling i'll be all "i wish i could tweet this right now"
I hope there is somewhere that serves it. When I live there, I know I'm going to miss Bojangles really badly!!
1st game at the Diamond this season, guess we're not good luck to the home team as it was a tough game and temp was chilly
Something about that was stated in a WISN article that wasn't in the JS article.
Virtual tours for Real Estate help #Realtors move properties, but the #MLS will not allow hosting on
The best is when he's the raccoon! "I've had, like, ten babies by now."
let me know
Have an amazing Monday! God created Mondays do you'll appreciate Friday! Use it as a fresh start! Blessings! P.G.
No HH tonight? I'd do that too.
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Point grabs the rebound and is left with a wide open net after a shot from Accursi.
Headed out to sell a DISH Network Tailgater, the magical dish-in-a-bubble that points itself! By way of McDonald's. :)
Should Taste Like Water
Miami USA
No, of course not!
fallow back :)
Thanks for the response. Will do.
I've been reading about the emerging trend of wearing head scarves (very '50s). Have you tried it? Good for bad hair days!
my only regret is there were only 7 episodes in season 1 and we flew through them. That show is so god!
there is a wocket in my pocket
Thinking of my next move.......
“: Excited to release our first single on iTunes this week! Keep watching for more updates.” can't wait!!!
Enjoying the new Wild Flag CD. It's as though Sleater-Kinney never died...
Watched #In Time. Ok movie with an AMAZING premise. It was trying to be Gattaca (by the same director/writer) but didn't quite pull it off.
nothing to do but whatever~follow me and i'll follow back~NOT lying
my my that is a sweet setup.
sigh, wow, that commentator completely missed the point. Just wow. So much that could be said, but where do you start
Hungover as Fuck. But a Damn good night!
Is that the Rutger Hauer flick? RT : Watching Hobo With A Shotgun
Yup! We run the buckeye corner haha.. Come visit sometime! Although Im quitting this week lol
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE I wish I could go to your concert!! But I'm gonna watch it online <3 <3
when you play a successful prank on someone
Hiring Engagement Specialists to provide exceptional customer service. Apply online or in person. www.callcarenet.com/careers-details.asp
Now following .....I suggest that you do the same shit! Legendary life saver....The Locker Room coming soon!
You can't wait for life to hand you things. It doesn't work like that. Anything worth having is worth fighting for.
do count as breaking out? They've been around for awhile.
Apparently Gregory the llama is hanging out on the HUB lawn right now, thanks to Stillepoint Llama Sanctuary and CHID 480.
come to our next wine tasting and we'll tell you all you want to know (and more probably! :P)
I'm in the Mother frigging Phx, Az baby!!! Can I get an AMEN!!
Fantasy Baseball Rankings 2012: Early Risers Who Can&#39;t Be Trusted Moving Forward
Long day of work but it's all good #makingmoney #andpizza #$$$
Happy #NationalTeacherDay thank you to all those who work daily to improve the lives of others, tweet us your favorite teacher memory
How does it feel to know that you've seen me naked? (was a corpse in the morgue early on in season 5)
I love #Wednesdays!
is a solid follow.
listening to jason aldean
SEI Sounds of Soul Choir on the main stage...
You can't name a video game that wouldn't be better if Rockstar made it.
Hope you're having an active morning!
Definitely going to be awesome.! RT : Excited for #SXbehavior design with
honey, your not popular, your vagina is.
I'm oddly jealous
I like how no one ever tweets me..... :(
Indie Excellence Awards Accepting Submissions! Books with publication dates of 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 are eligible.
I like your new avatar! :)
Got get ready 4 work in the monring
Just getting off and I check my phone and I see.the HEAT lost WTF.lol
Take a break from basketball. Come to Outpost. It's freaking beautiful outside!
Ivy Champ Men&#39;s Swim/Dive Team Names Award Winners, 2012-13 Captains
Here I come gym. Training commence. ますぐじぶのことばぜってまげね。。。おれのにんどだ！！！
Psalm 46:10 Be still and know that I am God.
but what about the slow weeks in the year??? Some SMALLER shops can be crippled by TOO MUCH OVERHEAD IN ART DEPARTMENT.....
Do you get a lot of snow in Georgia? :)
If your in the #Seattle metro area, go see our friends play with tonight at Overlake Church. You won't regret it!
It's a taping week. Crazy
In coast guard city u.s.a. I see my dads boat but not him. Wish you were here. Come home soon!
I wish Thanksgiving was today.
see I knew you'd make me smile :) lol
Jordan would of took control of the game and finished with a W..
Penalty to Leicester - odds on Flood will get this one
Went outside to my car and regret it because it was so PERFECT and now I'm stuck in this hell hole :(
Wow people love Perfume Seven! 2000 followers mark reached, stay tuned for more great deals!
congrats - I hope your well
Appreciate all the retweets!
I cant wait for the beach.
currently writing one on Detroit. Great speech.
Michelle Obama congratulates the 10 women honoree's for working to end oppression and use their voices to fight inequality and suffering.
Completion by Design college leaders realizing its not enough to focus on #deved - even "college ready" students drop out at alarming rates
Having a fascinating conversation about ham with
what school did you decide on lil cuz?
right?!? Annoying
Way to go John. You are the voice of reason on Obama pretending to care for latinos.
#Vertigo is so surreal. #Hitchcock out does Buñuel at significant surrealism. Especially in his ironies.
Alas. It's been a struggle rooting out the film images from my brain as I read, but I've enjoyed it so far.
After a long day a beer life is good
The way #MittRomney avoids the reporter asking him a pointed question on the plane makes my stomach turn.
Twitter nd Facebook off!! im bout to watch a movie on Netflix till i fall asleep...lol ") that's my friday! =/ lol
" Your my little secret " (;
If College Football doesn't have a playoff by next year, the NFL should create a Real Minor League System for kids 18-20
Also having a drawing I went back to drawing and I was really good was very bizarre
they arent catching teams off guard when they do steal and their jumps must be terrible to get caught at this rate
Indeed. And so many industries out there waiting to be similarly reinvented. Consider #Law for starters.
Thank YOU! Your team is incredible. RT SLELLC: Thank you to MTVIggy for bringing us on to work with them on an amazing show.
I think so, but then again, I'm not the one writing the piece. :-)
didn't mean by me fuck that....I'd pay someone to do mine lol
cant wait till u get here. and its so cold here today wtf.
. All sluts must die, and everyone shocked jury didn't know that.
Maybe if I were better looking I'd have friends that would want to talk to me.
I get it. You follow me so I follow you back, than a week later you unfollow me, so I'm still following you and you're not following me! :S
Just got off the phone with a few partners I have made my decision
cause she believes in ghosts or whatever so they made up a story then the "woman" came back lmfao it looked real though .__.
You playing any games out at Goshen?
bitches are always gonna assume some shit ...
wait, you mean they don't any more? Cool beans! Thanks for letting me know! ;)
Hanging out with , watching play the drums. Life is pretty sweet.
#Oomf Bee On Point W. Her Tweets
I'm excited for dress up day at work tomorrow :-)
I'm drunk. Thank God I'm surrounded by cornfields.
I realize I haven't seen your newsletter lately? Did I drop off the list somehow or are you on hiatus?
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking - “Fourth, Remember happy moments from your past.”
went 2dem meeting last night& they asked who I was with;was a little embarrassed alone;mentioned u &that went over well lol
Uugh... I enjoy writing papers but the last 5 days have pretty intense with a death in the family... talk about taking time away from it all
lucky you :) I haven't eaten dinner yet hahaha lol :) glad to have both my siblings back woot woo!!!
Being Pagan is so cool
Just starting my mock congress speech. Yes, it is indeed due tomorrow...
ISN'T IT BREATH TAKING?!?!
You tell em honey!
Thanks Happy Sunday!
ugh it's so sad :(!!! I'm so attached to all of them lmao
Im just nigga rich..!
I didn't want you to think I didn't want to talk to you anymore, haha. I love you more! <3
well let me know. If its during your freshman year of college ill have my own apt but next year I'm in a bigger room with a
Thank you for the follow!
Thanks Bonnie! She's worked incredibly hard and is looking forward to the opening as well.
the sox are gonna have one hell of an outfield when crawford and ellsbury come back
Maybe we are...
fish is better dear :)
unfortunately the NCAA would not allow me to work while in school. However IMO that should be changed.
We joined Instagram! Find us on instagram by searching for !
i lost my sign when I moved...not happy about that
I ate a lot yesterday.
Memory lane
Tonight I will be speaking USGBC meeting at UM. I will be displaying a few paintings and will talk about upcycling. Join us at 5:30!
Anne romney is using Teleprompter
thanks Hannah! :)
It's from earlier 2day, She was so nice & down to earth, I love her:)
If anyone had a bad day today, remember that today in 1976, #Apple co-founder Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake for $800..
Wear green & SAVE GREEN on St. Patricks day with Comfort Inn & Suites Vancouver. Book online @ www.vancouverwahotel.com or call 360-696-0411
Anybody have a good lead on a mattress? Want to surprise someone who doesn't have one
From the tweets, it appears everyone had a great time at the Rookie Bootcamp last night. I had a MASSIVE group--thx for coming out!
not soon enough lol ;)
Thanks love! And I'm SERIOUS about Barolo!! Tuesday next week?!?!
This school is dirty and smells like shit reason#165218522333 i want to leave this school.
Evocative images of a film set - San Francisco Examiner
Well thats a good thing. you'll be 60 and you'll look like a 16 year old 
Busted from WDOP Deep Stack .. allin preflop with 88 v 55 ... He flops a set ... out in 8th place ...
I knew I should of sticked too the plan & never let his ass back inn . MAAaaannnn
I know. I also didn't make it to san Diego to see and
"I'm being haive!" -- 2 year old son, when his mother told him told to behave
"You may be delayed but not denied!" -
Gotta love 106&Park for paying respect to M-Bone. R.I.P.
haha no problem(: follow me lolol
Ack wish someone would sneak a good default while everyone is arguing.
So honored for the follow!
“: Note to self! Always think before you tweet! I forgot my softball girls follow me! #coachingfail” Bahahahaha!
Omgosh this kid is so complicated.. Lol u know
Did you see talking about our fashion show on this morning? Just over a week to go!
Power? I'd be happy if back to back batters could put the ball in play, especially when the bases are loaded.
Guess it's a good thing doesn't work TechCrunch anymore then? ;)
I can feel the birthday aloha all the way in the mainland. Give my love to your precious family. Keep doing amazing things!
Sounds fun. I'm in if you want to go with me.
thanks for the movie recommends!
Playing S today on the A-Z. come by and check it out. tell your friends to do the same. #supportlocalmusic Gashouse Radio
Obama is the BIGGEST dumbass to me.
it's great just been on grind weather is great
i retweeted it
HAHAH yup about you
Wow, sexy twicon, just stopped by to say it's a sin if no one's eating that ass... If I'm not being too subtle.
they're much more than just looks to me :)
Good job drummers - that was a fun party. See ya next year, Debbie!!
#10ThingsIHate: mean people, chocolate, female condoms, church, squash, idiots, brainfreeze, queefs, celibacy and birds.
you can prevent it tho
Everyday im getting sick even worse:(
RT : Plenty of MARC delays again tonight
// Are there any NFL stadiums that provide wifi for fans at games? Seems like a lot of benefits to the idea.
is there a way to specify the resolution for the QR code?
RT if you're happy for Austin because he's living his dream <3
Looks like I've missed a lot being away from twitter and today!
Steak for mother's day dinner :) yum
Tks for #FF - Have a great weekend everybody!
Sorry I missed the gregory green talk. His work is great.
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont Women with raspy voices.
#10 The Crazy Lobster, RiverWalk(ish) - New Orleans, FL
The gods help them that help themselves.
I am so forever alone.
"Is that your sister?" "Um no that's my mom??" hahaha subway you gotta love it
one dollar shipping.. what more do you want
Stunning picture! Have a great journey along the Road to Hana!
Cuz if that was Bob Knight oooooweeee that would of been something to see!! Lol
ok, because I remember "BJ Armstrong" being thrown around when the good Reverend Doctor Deacon Bishop Gibson was drafted.
Ur love pours down on me surrounds me like a waterfall<3
#FREE SHIPPING. Use Coupon Code: MOUSESHIPS4FREE Tis' the season to be grateful!
Watching Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. documentary. Thank God for documentary filmmakers.
GO FOLLOW NOW!!!!! JUSTIN IS FOLLOWING EVERYBODY WHO FOLLOW SHE NOW!!! BE QUICKLY :O:O
Im sitting here thinking bout some serious stuff, and I think I might re-think my #gameplan for what Im doing. #Patience is key right now.
Yup , I guess.
Fill in the blank: It's Friday, and I feel ________________! (It's time to celebrate the end of the week, don't you think?)
I have a huge following Dr Goddess. I will help you get the names you need to sign the names on this petition. I like ur cause.
did you expect anything else lol ": They don't get my name goes with my URL address. LMAO! They are not bright whatsoever."
Keep it 100 for the kingdom...
RIP Whitney Houston
Charles Johnson here: Just remember, you have the RIGHT to remain silent... USE IT!!!
COME TO LA.
Yep, closing tonight.
I guess I just don't see not feeling up to handling oppressions as a sound reason to support media that keeps them going strong.
hey there! thanks for the s/o and the music! luv it
Thank you thank you thank you! :)
jealous u live near there! ive definitely added the dali 2 my museum bucket list. glad u enjoyed the app too!
again, are you serious!!!??? You didnt know what happened and you think Paterno should stay in as coach?
You realize that is a fake account, right? I'm betting his "donation to the troops" will be just as fake.
Indie films always get me :)
We all agree, however, free up oil resources, then bust it on renewable energy sources! we need a plan that works!!!
Today will be a good day & tonight will be even better 👌
So far the episode is hilarious!!
An unfulfilled vocation drains the color from a man's entire existence.-- Honor de Balzac
One step closer to adopting my son today. Send us your good vibes please!
Is doing a reading for a show!! #futureactress hm??? Lol ;)
Major League Date with my girl. Love ya babe!
Believing passionately in the palpably not true...is the chief occupation of mankind. HL Mencken
Waiting for the bus. Good bye New York take care of my baby boy.
Hm interesting. That's some opaque data. Maybe b/c boomer academics writing about 2nd wave have come into their own?
Yes I had a show today and then shopping with my mom:) How is yours?
I think #sdcouncil needs social media policy. Who's to say there isn't lobbying being done during a public meeting via DM, etc?
totally agree!
Back to Baton Rouge... The hazy, fetid ambience of the swamps awaits.
Storytime w/ rhythm sticks went ok: This is the way we; The sticks on the bus; She'll be tappin'round the mtn; & freeform w/ Kodo drummers.
That was soo funny. I couldn't stop laughing on my way to work regarding d egg pic wanted to date w/ you. That's why we love you
We've been enjoying featuring the choir today. Beautiful, beautiful voices!
I am starving over here, who wanna get me sumtin to eat. naw im messin
Anyone care to confirm or deny the rumor I just started...OOPS, I mean heard?
Why do we have 9 toothbrushes in the toothbrush holder?! Who is worthy of having a toothbrush at our place?! That's some serious business.
Welcome & thanks to all my new followers! Have a fabulous weekend!
Starting to make some headway on my test drupal website. Going to work for 13 hours now. See you later twitter!
if barfield would have had success - we'd still have helmet stickers today.
lol looks like yo poncho badge won't be earned today
Why is my mustache taking forever to grow back? Why is my body healing so slowly. Something is wrong here
Starving. But all I can eat is disgusting oat meal and ice cream.
I'm Supposed to go Friday night for my sister but idk if I can go cause of lax
Other bitches just front
I may have sent Birg an e-mail describing the difference between nonviolence and compliance. He seems confused.
I can't wait til I'm able to be living somewhere else than here. Soon.
We will be at the River of Lights 12/4 for a holiday special
Britney Spears song "Gimmie More" song sounds like she's saying "Demi Moore"...lol
Learn more about wine or just connect other wine lovers -
just what I needed tonight. Thank you!
Tick....Tick.....Tick..... Is it the weekend for you yet?
A 5 minute video can have a turn around time of only 3weeks if working with a vendor.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Interdental & Proximal and most oral care products.
RT : Greetings from #Tuscaloosa AL. Twin Anchors rocks!!!
awesome possum!
nigggga where have you been??
we better hang while I'm in NY!!!
I love Where the Wild Things Are R.I.P Maurice Sendak amazing artist.
who is it?
Thanks for following! Happy new year to you!
Depends on how much you like suits and vintage drink-making?
Championship games call for CHAMPIONS. Champions don't whine about a little shoulder pain. They take a Tylenol and suck it up.
Even with a shotgun... 115lb ginger kid barefoot in pajama pants is not mch of a cinematic threat...
BECAUSE YOU STARTED IT.
I feel sorry for kids cursing their parents out and treating them like shit. One day they'll realize what family means
U r busy, no worries! RT : I'll try to play at lunch heheh...
BUT we still encourage you all to go to both of those shows. I will be at the one in Atlanta chillin so I'd love for you to come say hi - W
i was at our school's play
Apparently its frowned upon to "make it rain" while contributing to the collection plate at this Catholic Church. Like my money ain't green.
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes I Love U Guys!!!!
i'm going to keep asking but i think i know the reply...When can i get your podcasts in itunes?????
Oh, by the way. If you comment on your ex's picture, I better never get bitched at again, For ANYthing.
Think I want to go to the nail shop today :)
wow. #Adele's voice. breathtaking.
I did sprint tris on my recovery weeks during marathon training, I thought it worked well! Kept it fun too.
& i consider you my friend. ha. you don't even treat me like one.
uh hello?
already gave them away.
were are u at?
nice. Species?
Happy birthday! x
It's our pleasure...nice to hear from you.
I'll be there soon guys.
Today is CJ Day in Oakland. I'll be live tweeting my pitches. Assuming doesn't shiv me during warmup.
Oh hi, new follower
Has anyone tried the new cornbread in Doral? Tell us what you think!
Just getting into #TaiChi does anyone have experience with it?
This is true. Also, Nathan is being facetious in saying my doppelgänger is out for blood.
Lilja called for interference. #isles to PP
I am at a soccer practice but it's not me who is practicing. Hence the tweets.
pahaha devvo will never get old i love you so much aha
Your the nicest , most perfect person I've ever met . ♥ I wanna be like you ! , and I don't say that alot .
RT : ADMIRALS WIN!!! 5-3 win over Houston give the Ads a 2-1 series lead. This is one of the stranger games we have seen...
Going to Shunty McShunt's to check out live footage from TLDS's Double Door show! Ooohhhhh
we're cutting it tomorrow night after dinner. I did some scheming though, dont be surprised if your missing filling on the right!
Thank you for everyone who came and supported our production of Zanna, Don't! Our next play is Vinegar Tom and it runs from April 20th-29th!
I know!! I was thinking that this morning! She brought us together!! :) Thanks, #CaseyAnthony!
omg I have to tell you about my night shit was amazing lmaoo
Twitter in 1853 was crazy man. we fake slave whipped so many public figures back then
Choosing To Be Single Isn't Selfish, It's Just Smarter To Be Alone Than With The WRONG Person...
now im dying to know what u have in mind hahhaaha- im like a lil kid in a candy store...
help Spidey get followers?
It's funny how people are criticizing spo for "bad coaching" today and give him no credit when he wins.. Some #HEAT fans r a joke!
#SHOUTOUT NO MORE LAWYERS IN CONGRESS
Down in Miami FL taking in some sun
Love being so busy at work! Planning meetings in Manhattan Beach, Dallas, Charlotte. Going to Memphis and Florida next month.
I cant get over that that actually happened. Im proud of myself for not hyperventilating like I did almost 4yrs ago! haha!
I'm looking forward to it. Excited to meet new people and tackle new things. Thank you!
wht up fake
prayers for those affected by the tragedy at the Indiana State Fair last night.
lol yeah I do , I actually like it . And yeah connie told me .. You like it there ?
If your going out tonight stop by after. We open at 12 tonight. Make sure you say hi.
Later today the House will vote on the Senate-amended
Perhaps breakfast on the patio wasn't such a splendid idea in Edo this morning.
No uniform US #cybersecurity standards; though probably obligation for any business to have reasonable #IT security policies.
Appraisals not Assessments Should Determine Losses in Mortgage Fraud Cases
Have some respect for the people around you and smoke outside.
Well , I missed my early morning workout cause I had a conference call with my pillow... 3pm it is
Realizing tomorrows Monday<<<<
Gorgeous photos!
yay!!!! its okay creepers are good as long as thier not eggs
Thanks for promoting Scrubly! I appreciate it. - Bob
Lets go heat!
Seem likee All i Ever do now is Work ! -_-
I clicked on it and is says wiki not found : (
It's too bad Narveson is done for the year. I hope the crew calls up Peralta! Estrada is over-rated
At work checking out all these cool logs about Portland!! -C
I'm getting a sore throat.. In May?
Aromatherapy from watering my Oakland garden: pineapple sage, roses, Meyer lemon, oranges, and more I don't have names for. Ah time & space.
gucci bags: The luxury of difference is its advanced technology ...
i give up seriously
Lol I'm probably the only person on earth that likes aging. I like the feeling of getting wiser and more mature :)
A great friend is someone who makes your problems their problems,just so you dont have to go threw them alone..<3
thats your only defense sir?
so, about 3 songs in so far!
If you'd told me 20 years ago sexy robots would vie for my attention, I'd have said "Kudos Tomorrow!" FB, why did you poop on the future?
Good how about u
We're off to comic con to shoot our promo video!
happy birthday buddy :)
Just got a medium Punch In The Face from It's really nice.
“: "Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster." - Anne Wilson Schaef”. So true......
What does #ValentinesDay mean to me? Stomach flu in Paris. Très romantique.
Dont ever use someone's past against dem....
you should hear from shortly, but if not, let me know.
Baylor TCU game! A classic college football game at its finest.
good idea :) don't forget to bring all your friends!!
"that is not us"
This girl just keeps talking. I stopped listening at "hello."
"my names copper. I'm a hound dog!" <3 fox and the hound with sis😍😊
thnks. I thougt my neck was going to break lol
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
thank you for providing me with my first Wesley Stokes memory in years. Was ahead of the trend as far as Pacific Islander-style hair
RT : & are setting up shop for #LastThursday on Alberta/22nd. Support your local artists tonight..
I guess I should reconsider my love for bikram.
Bummed out. Lost a member of my family today. I love you, Beagle, and am happy you're not in pain anymore and are relaxing in doggie heaven.
Knowin' nothing in life but to be legit.
I have never lived in a city where bus drivers have to use the bathroom this much.
Good morning beautiful ladies, you better say it back if you know you beautiful.
After 2 hours of no help from & I have to work. I work in a cat hospital with sick cats. 2 hours was just wasted.
So who do you have in your top 4 of #TheVoice?
I get so bored when I get home from work
how do I still have a hangover
Yes, it was good to meet your colleague John during his recent visit to the archives. I hope things with you are good lately.
I think I have the opening shot for the trailer! :-)
I just want to go to sleep.
iPhone 4gs tweeting
My heart is racing like I'm on a first date! But alas, we've met 8 times before dear !!!! Let us rendezvous all night long!
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl - let her see you reading the Twitter stream of #BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl. Dumb.
are you at the Apollo?
I miss the way things used to be 😢
I hate how..... after an argument I think about more clever shit I could of said.
Night Louis!
a little bit sooner than ASAP.
shut up
thanks bro!
Sundays are for dancing!
I'm tired
