One day I will be very bored in space.
RT : "Refine your craft"
So excited for your debut album! Did u write some/all of your songs ?
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
Are you ready for Valentine's Day? Let's show the love. Happy Valentine's Day to all
Smx we keep working on the same project that is off target, simply bc we started, not bc it makes any sense to continue.
Happy Birthday Lamonte!!
ha! I'm trying. “: after telling ben about your 7mile run, he said "Adams turning BA!"”
LOL I'll need a wake up call on Sunday (and I don't mean a Clippers loss lol)
Are the #Jets a contender or pretender? What's your take?
you got it kiddo! Back soon. On plane now. Got to go to beat the hurricane!
tell application "Mail" to get selection
What kind of story?
Thankful "I am not who I was".
thank you sir! Recommend a good chill-out song to help me sleep through the usual war noises. Got AIC-Nutshell playin now.
Hi Marylin. I hope that you & all of your projects are doing well. You'll get there just keep moving forward.
thanks love bug
good point. When I come from what I come from, one bad/quiet/sad/stuck day is scary. What if there are more&more&more.
RT : Thru Dec. 23rd, Tutta Bella Columbia City will be collecting new, unwrapped toy donations for children in our community.
that's a nice way to put it.
haha oh I bet TC loved that one. He'll take any chance to prove he wasn't born with gray hair.
I adore how soul music generally appreciate beautiful black women with natural hair.
Someone feed me.
Treat me as a joke and I'll leave you like it's fucking funny..
so, lonita and I may be going to see and in April. As they're playing The Handlebar. Hells. YEAH.
SS Barnard Victory was launched March 31, 1945 to recognize BC's wartime contributions
Funny, I've just been tweeting this very thing.
it wasn't anyone's to steal. All music has influence from other music.
follow back ?
We obviously have to find this doppelganger and kill him before he messes up our time lines.
is Darth Maul Larry Hoover, Big Meech and blowin money fast?
August for Beach Fest an Cup Match
in need of a really good weekend im friggin stressed out man
Finals finals finals finals finals finals paper.
I hope you all get a kick out of this..totally had a dream I was managing a project and I had a discussion with Synnott about fast tracking
So my Christmas consisted of crock pots n electric griddles, think they're trying to tell me something?! Lol
If I could do my papers in my bed I'd probably get it done faster
Malawi's President Bingu wa Mutharika 78, is unconscious in the intensive care unit of a hospital in the capital, Lilongwe,
we are friend relax xD
Going to make shirts in a bit!
thanks for the great job this year, always love reading your stuff. Hope you finally get a couple days off now.
Reached the maximum number of active games on Words With Friends again. I catch up but an hour later I've got a zillion turns to take.
Just signed up for Chicago! Oh August, why are you so far away?
Of COURSE beat me to it!
RT Welcome new followers!
Thanks!! “: Congrats to our friends at on their 100th issue! Looking forward to the next 100!”
Is there a better name for a coffeeshop than Frothy Monkey? Am enjoying a tasty quesadilla now with
Like :) Thanks again for visiting!
thx! I'm still trying to work up confidence to write finance stuff so it's a good way to keep up my writing on the side.
didn't get a pick = me not a fan at the moment
- enjoying it VERY much. I just wish Lily Marie would nap more often and longer. ;-)
ZOOMER-THINK TANK: "Athiests never succeed at anythin because they don't have faith in themselves."
Just picked up a basketball hoop off the street wit my niggaz
yeah I know , she's the best 😍
.RT : Academic staff at UW-Superior vote 89-5 (in a unit of 174) to join AFT-Wisconsin! Congrats on their historic victory!
Really looking forward to this morning's panel "Getting it into the Bones: Museums, Dance, and Social Action"
I am so glad I relearned how awesomesauce you are. Thanks #alamw12 for arranging this goodness! Let's wave in appreciation ;)
Digital Conference at UWM through 2025 very interesting and insightful.
Day 1 under way #VisionExpo Booth LP7554, stop by and say hello.
if it does that seems extremely silly to me
Ready for an amazing #Spring Semester? Welcome back! We have some awesome #events, #speaker series and shows coming up soon so stay tuned!
Ben black is bad !
Im so excited for my next Tattoo!
happy St.Patrick's day!! There's going be a big parade in Boston :D follow me?
I often pray, though I'm not really sure Anyone's listening; and I phrase it carefully, just in case He's literary. ~Mignon McLaughlin
what better way to enjoy your Labor Day then lunch at Twisted Fork on our great patio.
yea man. i fuck with your sound.
Im working on Mr. Smith's research paper
it's called "I like my own FB comments when they make me laugh" #besuretolikeit :)
Looks awesome! Cant wait to hear about it!
I can't look at L the same way now
random search engine term referrer to Musematic: "perian pizza." Eh?
Maybe like you would to try out for a rap video, plus chew gum and swear a lot?
say prove it
New trax coming
New trailer on March 9
Do you, or anyone you know, have my copy of Jean Toomer's "Cane"? I'd REALL love to read it right now.
Just sat down in my seats for the nationwide race. Now to watch Danica crash like she will every race during this season
srsly, how is a three letter name...
"I want your love, I don't wanna be friends. Want your BAD romance." Preach, madam! I know how ya feel! What are You listening to right now?
Its MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL! Don't miss the game or the huge deal for a large 2 topping pizza and a pitcher of beer at any of our 4...
That's cool - you're independent. Have fun!
thanks for following!(: checkout too! have a fantastic afternoon! xoxo
Part 1 of the red velvet cake is done :) Gonna make 2 layers with cream cheese frosting in dahh middle.
Ah So Much Problems . Im Just Going To Ignoree Thee World And Hear Music .
want to go for a walk?
well almost happened ...bout as close as its gonna get
just let me know and we can have a Project Tex in this bitch
Anyone using tablet PCs in a 1-1 history class? We are headed that way next year, and I would welcome all tips/resources/advice.
My mom needs to be home. Now.
In the middle of the book "Onward" by Starbucks' Howard Schultz. Powerful stuff.
and the tickets are priority so i get to be seated first! :D
This couple honestly looks related . Not cute .
That sad moment when you wake up to go to school and there is STILL no one home.
Crazy Mother Meltdown just got opened to any rippers not on a team! Hit us up for more details at
I WANT 4,000 FOLLOWERS!! PLEASE HELP ME:/ AND IF I REACH IT TONIGHT! EVERYBODY WHO HELPED WILL GET A S/O!!!!!
Rafael - Thanks! We'll keep that in mind!
that's true but I wanna at least wait until they show the new features to see if the 5 will be worth the wait
#Target is confirming its status as the worst place on earth. "we don't do recycling bags." arg!
TELL ME, DID VENUS BLOW YOUR MIND ?!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Dr. Bucko is always up on the latest procedures. Come in for a consultation – he'll be glad to discuss them with you.
Threw out my back while attempting to lift boyfriend. I think this is what old feels like.
Fool! If you get the Black Pixel logo on a black shirt, you won't be able to see it! :)
Real communication is not possible without listening. - Ralph C. Smedley
Cant stay up but cant sleep either
The average woman reached orgasm 95% of the time she engaged in masturbation compared with 73% during intercourse.
does he really have a helicopter there? I gotta the heritage is about the nicest neighborhood I've seen anywhere.
Hey lovely! You need to check out they are right up your alley :) Loving btw xo
More thanks for coming to the BBQ to @
This Sunday, [[BabyBoy alloc] init]; For the non-geek, wife gave birth to son #2, everyone is doing good, if a bit sleepy :-) Developer++
Nope only to #WisconsinWorkers... Thanks
me too. Lol
I feel silly complaining about 6 inches of snow after last year's snowmageddon in chicago...
I'm not following you if you have a damn celebrity as your profile picture like what's the point. No.
Hey #attackwatch I know where a conservative Christian Republican lives now do I get my SS patch. Sincerely Ann Frank
life is a continuous journey of transformation..
focusing is half the battle!
everyones talking about how they met in Miami and im just here all sad wishing i couls meet him! Stupid Boston
That would be so cool! (:
Thanks for the RT :)
future of libraries, its on THURS! 11:15 I believe.
Aw sweet post! It has been tough for me to fit in running after going back to work. I need motivation!
Embarking upon an Alias season 2 rewatch. Because we all know that season 2 is the only season that matters.
We are still doing our Month of tips and getting involved! Retweet us to be entered into the drawing to win a $25 Best Buy Giftcard!
i can always make time doc! Lemme know the details! I'm down to play
Technicality or no, Im psyched Braun will suit up and hit the field for the start of the 2012 season.
lets all hold hands here on the subway
I want some a Popsicle and go to the park...i have seen the water light show at centennial in a long time.: (
I am told that 3-legged mom & 10 pups from Harnett are in rescue now. Do not know name of group that has them.
haha!! You should be!!
Girl on fire + boy with the bread = toast
You can’t stay mad at somebody who makes you laugh
Oh my god badgers..get your shit together
Happy birthday David. I love you!!!!!'
thank you loovely!
Lol oh hush
bro, about what time do you think we will be chilling at?
500+ yard par 5s on The Oaks are eating me alive.
What's going on? Big change seems to be swapping the left and right sides of the page... I don't get it. Or like it.
read your dm i sent u
When i have two daughters i am naming them Adelaide & Madeline (:
April Fools' Day is always fun, and it is good to see LinkedIn is up for a joke or two. Although it would be great to know Sherlock Holmes…
I promise to love you
that's the type of man I aspire to be no joke.
My dad owns an iPhone. I think that is a sign of the end times. (can't spell apacolypse)
OMG - I <3 that movie!
Dude so Tilty. I just wanna sit in front of my tv with baseball on and multi table all these delicious tournaments.
Ran into Wendy at airport. Small world, many librarians.
Mad Men in 30! There is glee in my heart.
State lotteries eat almost 60% of the "take" for themselves. Only about 10% makes it to the promised social program (in NC it is schools)
seriously, you guys argue like children.
do I know you? I think I go to your school? But you listen to The Faceless.. rad.
Best Conference Story EVER.
I love late night drives, it helps me relax.
I think so too. 116-112, 8 rds to 4 rds IF it goes the distance. Don't think Floyd can stop Cotto RT : floyd wins
THKS! Another team effort RT I'm loving the website you designed for Fair Hope! Sharing it all over the place!
Just finished rehearsal with DHP, got a new years gig tmrw night and another the next day at bootleggers on broadway.
yay! Can't wait to see! Do I need to get a link from you or just go to your website?
How's tiger doing?
It's 11/10 & X-mas Frenzy 2011 has begun. Let the capitalistic orgy of unfettered excess begin!...I effing hate this shit. #BahHumbug!!!
You're surrounded by straightforward, apparent solutions that can dramatically boost your earnings, power, influence and success.
See you May 4th, Park Place Teen Center :)
Congrats to the new Tournament Coordinator for - welcome to the team!
I just started my art class. IT IS GOING TO BE AWESOME.
I thought it was out already! When?
Add some variety to your emergency preparations. FastPreparedness.com
Undertaker is the shit!!
My neighbor's whistling is improving. 8/10.
#Follow and for
Why did "bosh" ever go out of vogue, vocabulary-wise? RT again I ask you twitpic.com/8e2j33
EXACTLY! And rightfully so!
LOLing at my school.....
I hope it was a positive ;)
Potential band name: The Walks of Shame.
I have great appreciation & gratitude 4 my family,friends &colleagues who r in my world now-Know I am sending good thoughts ur way this eve
Kung Hei Fat Choy! The Year of the Dragon looks good for and members.We're a full house! Now holding names on waiting list.
Good morning c:
Happy Mommas day all you Mommas out there!
Lansing bound for last minute Michigan Recycling Coalition Annual Conference to-do's!
Amen to that!!
Thanks for entering our Black Keys #KeyToBlackKeys Ticket Giveaway at
yes it is! I wish I had gotten tickets.. ugh!
"Giants, very good, yes? Game, 6:30. Eli, big. Super Bowl, yes?" - Hardware store owner to me yesterday afternoon. Guy knows his stuff.
I was already tired, but this #Bulls game is putting me to sleep. Let's go.
The movie theatre that I'm at don't have sour patch kids, they offer sour jacks instead. Sour jacks<<<<sour patch kids #nothinglikether ...
Big hit, happy body!
Happy Birthday to Handsome Mario
Everyone watch on make it or break it tonight at 9pm
his name is Kevin Cline. Google Cline Landscape Belmont for contact info
I just don't wanna survive, I wanna live...
Well have to meet up at some point, small world!
Fuck love I'm tired of trying
EVO 4G Gingerbread update available from Sprint today! Select Menu / Settings / System updates / HTC software Update
lol i can still do songs n stuff but im not really doin mixtapes.im startin my solo CD after i finish this 1 lol.
Full card too RT : A double dribble call! We're one carry short of a ref bingo
nothing coolin!!! school n work the same ole stuff wsup what u
Add.me on fb!
If i was your boyfriend. Swag swag. Justin bieber is a fag
I agree, no static objects. But it's worth exploring other metaphors/modes of transition/relation besides 'flow'.
You'll do great and so will she! Much love to you and Linda! :-)
#SometimesIJustWant go away,live in another country, meet & , have a romance with a famous, among other things.:)
Oh no! It's time for more water!
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing."
Good mornin erbody, hope yall had a good weekend. Qwick side note, take the time 2 go see the avengers in theaters, bootleg aint good enuff
Thank you fabulous! I will be in contact soon!
We R doing the marketing mambo, doing the marketing mambo. Everyone! Do the marketing mambo...
Wondering how Nick Clegg is feeling - in next few hours he'll be a hero and great negotiator or champion bluffer - hopefully it’s the former
Today get a free frie with purchace of any burger and drink
We went through the same experience! My daughter was like a fashion science experiment gone terribly wrong.
haha most definitely and completely normal!
all fine and good, but where's Torchwood?
But there will be 2.5 Million tweets about this shortly. Get ready for Fail Whale!
hum well I already choose anna do you have a guys name I could use. But for a emo guy
I think would drive that 4-door bugatti...
We are an online retailer only. Please let us know if we can assist you with anything else.
#Ohiocityliving starting May 1st... Uh oh.
St. Louis did its parade...HUGE! NFL comes first.
stop talking to ruben and get your ass out of the closet !!!! lol !!! xD
It's financial training day at City Hall, but it seems one of the council members is missing out on the fun. What are you up to ?
stay tuned for next week when I use pinterest to make a quilt for my grandma :)
I hate everything on ESPN except basketball
Cookies on cookies on cookies.
I said #FuckYou unless Im with you.
I'm So busy! I'm doing it, tho! I promise!
I need a new mattress
thanks for the retweet!
That's it, you guys are coming to a game on me. I'll DM you the deets!
You know it's time to leave the fabric showroom when you're singing along to Gloria Estefan slow jams out loud.
adorable!! Come back soon!
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back. ~ Author Unknown
Tomorrow I am going to make a special effort to go to
2nd ever Sideshowcase tomorrow at 8pm in Belmont Blackbox!! Looking forward to some awesome Nashville talent? We are. :)
Just saw a burrowing owl on the side of the road. They occupy prairie dog burrows.
How about just being elected dictator for life? All the bacon you could eat ... ;)
6 months out, but I'm officially kicking into gear for our next #presconf in #Buffalo !
come by booth 845, we're there with
I love you Justin! :) <3333 you should follow me (:
Great job MWC..
In town for Thanksgiving? Stop by Sonny's tonight for free jukebox and old friends (and new ones)
I love #halftime already.
Half: SFA recruit Trey Pinkney (Seven Lakes HS) hits 70ftr at buzzer to give West 53-52 lead over South in HABCA allstar game.
Me? Run? I'm Summer Doan, i don't do that shit.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.
I'm very sad about this.
A flute out of a broom ?
Nike+ #FuelBand too bad this thing doesn't count key strokes towards my next milestone!
Listen to everyone... Take advice from few.
Well, Bruce Willis isn't a robot. But he is really bad-ass.
LOL! So I noticed you said "was". No current excuses, I hope!
She in Seattle
today my birthday too
I just saw Tupac's hologram reading the 2011 Pulitzer winner for fiction.
One of the hamsters is pissed because she made a break for freedom (lept from my hand) but just jumped straight back into the cage :P.
sup? Help me get to the rest of the guys, I am on my phone
me too man D:
PLEASE WISH MY FRIEND A HAPPY BIRTHDAY! she doesn't believe that youll notice her, but NEVER SAY NEVER RIGHT?
Got a taste of my own medicine - so sore post #Bootcamp. Power 2 the fit!!!
The 405 is a nightmare and I have no podcasts to listen to! :(
Funny how I dont feel very rested after getting 12 hours of sleep. I guess it'll take a bit more to make up for the last two weeks
You need to watch every episode. IMO it's the greatest show that's ever been made...
I'm sorry hunn. I'm too far away right now.
Ur wrong detroits got it in the bag
Follow my sissy , she's new to this but #teamfollowback!
:/ it's my opinion not hating
As a matter of fact yes. I
What's good? What what?
thanks for sharing the video!
How is everyone doing tonight? I did mostly computer work today. Looking for more holiday places to show my new sculpture line.
Welcome to #CreativeGood! I make good use of Flickr as a photog. Any ?? about the Councils, give a shout. cc
Just saw 50/50, is sexy as hell even when he looks like death warmed over!
So ready for this day to be over! Start of the district tourny today against page!
Can't wait to see my #moms this weekn
Everyone go follow !!
it's life changing seeing them. I still can't believe I went to see them.
fuck.... friend just died
Off to Wawa for a salad - glad its warm enough for salad again.
Too many fucking people here...
#signsofcheating less talking, more arguing, less visits, more excuses.
Dance For You By is
Just so you could hold out yours and say "People! I implore you!"
Ha idk I just feel like singing all day
convert incredimail imm to outlook, inc - How to Convert IncrediMail ...
To the reckless Chicago drivers, driving around Indy.. Fuck you.
I don't want to sound like one of those lame hipster kids who say the 90's were better, but the new Looney Tunes isn't the same as before.
Town hall with EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson, Friday from 10:30-noon in the Founders Room, SIS Building Don't miss it!
No guy likes a crazy chick.
The Rock is back
Yummy new fetish clips coming soon to my clips4sale store!!! :)
gotta think big reason he did it is to put pressure on players, someone will go nxt yr an all fans r watchin
Damn near don't do shit in Chemistry but I'm passing *shruggs*
Someone tweet me I am bored!:/
sectors most susceptible 2 disruption: social sw; DB; operating sys.
the packers are playing the colts here this coming season so i'm going to try to get tickets and see where it goes!
an even NEWER twit pic!! My prof pic says "mustash cat loves cookies" 3 in 1!! I love, cookies, cats, and mustashes!! AWESOME XDD
Check out the new videos posted today
Headed to the Mall for #SOTG2011's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. What beautiful weather!!!
Every Tuesday & Thursday Get Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the Arcade for Only $12.00! Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for Only $6.00 more!
I DON'T NEED A MILLION PEOPLE FOLLOWING ME, I JUST NEED THE RIGHT ONES!!
Thanks for the mention! You're the best!
. always interested in story pitches. DM me!
If you can’t be criticized for it, it’s probably not remarkable. Are you devoting yourself to something devoid of criticism? Unknown
RT : After you #spottheshuttle on come over to the National Building Museum for Unbuilt Washington &...
That Neon Museum keeps upping the ante! Their new space is going to be epic!! Good work guys!
Back from field research at 0$ Ranch and #WestTexas. 2 days to catch up online, type notes, do laundry before going back out. Love my job!
why are u up so early?
thank you my love <3 you looked just as beautiful!! Missed you!
btw did you follow me from your personal account?
I really need to stop going through packs of cigarettes... >.<
aww. we need to chill more
Thanks for all the #happybirthday wishes!
Bc nobody likes garden tools 😒
#fridayreads giveaway: Donna Leon's BEASTLY THINGS is a #travelmemoir of Venice disguised as a mystery.
Writing as activities - key distinction: writers often focused on an "end," but writing creates an index of social behaviors
EXs that wannabe in your relationship so bad <
OH MY GOD THOSE ARE SERIOUSLY THE BEST EVER
fa sho!! LOL JEREMY LIN. GJ on the promo video!! What's ur next event in the bay? U know im around
Shawty sent wit pic, Said come get this... LOL smiley face x2 LOVE THAT SONG!
yeah, thanks. changed my pw, so not sure if its still doing it.
Mothers day is Sunday! What do I get a woman who has everything?!
oh lord -_-
I'm going to try to play 100 sit and go's today on Poker Stars...maybe 200!
The hacking continues with and at
you need to add the "freddy sanchez uggo face" to your list. He is ugly.
Where is everybody ? Guess ill clock bck in @ 10 ! Llh
u ever going to get back on bmore radio, you had a very good weekend show back in the day
That just ruined my ears for life.
I need to try this!!! Thanks!
I am so tired. Hopefully I will sleep better today... Whenever I finally get home.
You said it on that one!!!
Spa Week October 10 – 23. Want an massage? Try an organic facial? A one-hour Sugar & Spice Pedicure? For $50! 214-521-2112 to book.
#Friday Such a long week, thank God.
all i want to take is tessie. can you tell me what times she's teaching in the teacher and senior room?
Loving you girl on
Listening to It's official, #dc is now a hockey town... So proud of our #caps!
Stay with us at 9 AM to see what Shema and Shelly deem the latest summer style trend!
Im sure your not the only one. There are two things in life people Have no control of... Your parents and Your neighbors.
Roanoke! What?! That's my hometown;) glad you got to Rick out in the Shenandoah Valley!
poor Ann! Ha! I get a little excited thinking someone has something to call about and then I answer and just hear shuffling.
8 glasses of water a day is too freakin much lol
Good Luck this weekend.. Bring some #SEC victories back home
Last day in Cyprus. Music Video dropping soon. Then it's on to
aye I got a stock of em fa ya.lol...got a mixtape on dat piff!!
I was wondering is there snow in England? Not in the US!!:(
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. Patrick Henry -
too bad the weather's bad. Going anyaway! RT : Have a great "Taste of the Grove" this weekend!
Haha, let's hope you have very accommodating friends and family!
got the ford edge. It is awesome
well done!
haha just saw this sorry - how are you? jump on FB?
One of my lists is stuck on Jan 20, despite many tweets since then. Any idea why/suggestions for fixing?
KSTP Photojournalist Retires After 55 Years
For sure -- I'll be near section 125 before the game. I'll be the one wirh Gazprom on. LOL
Morning everybody.
To all you moms out there... Happy Mother's Day!
the merits of the tech differences? we will pay $150 for a designer tie ... when a $15 tie will do, its entertainment.
Thanks you too
oh, you won #ispy... Admiration.
Tomorrow works for me! What time? Around 8pm?
"Trump to moderate GOP presidential debate in Iowa" Will the #GOP use a laugh-track? Or flashing "BO" electriconic sign?
In my way to see life as we know it
#invitado indeed, lol. I had banana, blueberry pancakes @ Arctic Hotspot, w/ BHBeat crew
Great salad today at the Market Cafe. Everything was fresh and tasty. Thank you!
becoming/desireless/is enough
You too!
it's ok for something to watch when there is nothing else to watch but I have been pretty disappointed in the recent adds.
We still have two hours to go......
super call, my friend.
that is a very big issue!
Recovering from my weekend climb up Mt. Katahdin in Maine. Absolutely gorgeous views. Most difficult of hikes but well worth the effort.
Dangit contacts are out can't find glasses & idol isn't over :( o well it's only Elise on. 
LMAO...Yup I hear that...
Surprisingly he's a gentleman...
it was horrible bc u were sober ;-)
I already miss this person
I like your style. I'll be in your glorious city in early January (Friday of MLK weekend). Details to follow, would love to see you.
there's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other. Love the female solidarity tweets
Great #bjj session today #gftlondon special thanks to #gabrielrainho and #Vikingwong for utterly schooling me in sparring oussu!
Please let us know if you have photos from #tmn10 that you will allow us to use in design of new website.
When people act different all of a sudden. <<<<
RT : "Fall seven times, stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
Every single play needs to run through Joe Johnson.
thank you!!!
Congrats on the well deserved recognition!
Free tickets?
All moved out of my office I'll miss it very much.
. I'm glad I went w/ my 2nd outfit over the bow-tie, scarf, and empty-frame glasses on Sat. night to Comedy Cellar
I wish you a goodnight sleep!! Que sueñes con los angelitos!
Preparing 4 the 3rd leg of my #comedy trifecta (sea) n beautiful Honolulu Hawaii
that was so quick ! All the other Arianators are following you ! :) your so lucky ! Everyone wants a tweet =)
Right! They were like middle school girls trying to talk her out of going to the principal!!
": man them are great seats" if you're gonna do it, do it big
We REALLY ddo! “: We love families who run on Dunkin'. RT : My uncle's buying me #coffee ”
For some unknown reason, my parents & i are playing all the sad songs that make us think of people we love who have died.
You're not a licensed therapist
The Virtual Merchant tool from sounds so handy!
Isn't the warmth of love & friendship one of the foundations of well-being. Let's share this with someone who is lonely or discouraged today
you in on that show in Stockton? You should lobby to open, get that grimy 209 flavor on the stage.
Current version is owned by Twitter, previous versions were not. Explains it, no?
It was the pie that cured all ills.
we love us some beans too
Is that coffee harvested from beans that bears eat and then poop out later? Grizzly Coffee, hibernation be damned!
you at home?
-TY for the follow doll! Love the site! On a follow limit, will follow soon. Hope you had a fabulous day! xox
lol I didn't see any of our dog food, yours or mine on that list. Thank goodness. Yes- wish you were taking ballet with me
Trying to write a press release without caffeine is impossible. Let's add java and try again in an hour!
We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of dream to be weaving
hahahah!!! i wanna go there just to find them !
: I had a great time last night Stu. It was a warm and very special evening. Thanks for all your support.
agh I remember that movie I used to be scared of the chicken her name was ginger right?
Thanks for following BAA!
He must have been about 600 years old by then. Just an angry ol drunk fuck
It's simple really, just say yes. :)
Thanks for following Jessie :)
your full name is like a good burger then
Can we get food? Or have you already eaten?
RT : Russian exit poll: Putin did particularly well among voters who described themselves as “not wanting to be imprisoned.”
Meaningless however those who say it, give IT power!
Watch out Milwaukee, I am going to enjoy your treasures rain or shine!
without a doubt!
"I haven't checked my phone in five hours. I probably missed so many calls and texts." *No Unread Messages*
Photo shoot day with and Dyad Photography :)
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
I wanted to have sex with you for so long
I am going to be a mixed media artist
Failure is never quite so frightening as regret.
My back hurts ! D:
Can't wait to watch the #BOYFRIEND video thursday . Then #BELIEVE next month (: So excited .
Barkley and a Shake Weight: things I don't care to see. You can do better TNT. Stop stooping.
how is that cool? you should totlaly see my stomach... its huge
Thanks for the #FF!
Saw last night and laughed non-stop. He's hilarious. "CONFIDENT!... Did we get ya? Were you really confident?"
thanks! Hi! Nice to meet you.
Woo hoo! It's Friday and St. Patty's weekend in #Chitown! Anyone going to the parade and to see Chicago's green river?
Clean, modular code is flexible code, and can adapt to changing requirements.
I will go to his concert at NYC!!!! But I can't its to expensive :'(
She is no longer one of our regular contributors, though she still does write for us occasionally. Her advice really is timeless!
good morning:)
The dude from the buffalo wild wings (the sprinkler guy) couldnt help the Vikings get a win this year!
Don't be in denial
Have you hugged a doggie today?
Go Follow Another One Of Our Dollz . (:
RT : "Imagine if…" is great for exploring an idea. "Imagine if…" is not great for justifying an idea.
users is actually as cute as they appear
sorry the delay..just noticed your tweet from all the garbage i get! what did you need?
i think music is something i love of life
can't wait!
Lets get bigger! Follow EHBS on FaceBook as well as here! You won't regret it.
- Ryan Gosling's tears cure cancer. Ryan Gosling cries every day.
I paid that much for gas every other week. I'd say it's a really good deal.
Shopping trip, getting ready for NYC w/ the girls!
Coffee - the most important meal of the day
Darkness had fallen on him in its place
ya we still gotta get it in My dude.. My studio is down but it'll be running ASAP
Scratch used to be down there...not sure if it is anymore.
wish it was sunday
People are such idiots. No matter how minor you think the damage is, it will take more than 2 minutes to write the estimate.
Oh lord it feels good to live on the east side again. 2 blocks from Rio's Brazilian...could be dangerous.
Is 75 mph tweeting still frowned upon if cruise control is set?
Dam!!! got me hungry now talking abt waffle house and shit!
Real Recognize Real , & You Dont Look Familiar .
I would watch NASCAR if the drivers had had as much to drink as the fans.
OMG...you OK?
lol calling me a racist. I love it. You are a radical as I thought. Thanks for the fun. Now run along. ,)
Happy Star Wars Day. May the 4th be with you.
Innovative ways to slash ED overuse - American Medical News
thanks for the Better Wine Guide #Happy Hallowine mention! Have a great weekend!
I married a moose... we don't need counseling
dj hi-def Radio Personality Ms. Jae Luv, promoter Q Heffner, and more. Live performance by rnb artist Rashad Morgan aka Ray-Ray & it's FREE!
IS back to creating **MAGIC** Dreaming bigger and making it happen.
List 4 List anyone?! :)
- you are crazy, just like ;P
Good luck!!
Sometimes life is not really that complicated...perspective is. Have a better perspective and you will see the positive side more often ;)
life is so much easier with god in it
God only lets things grow until they are perfect. Some of us didn't take as long as others!
Aw. I SURE MISSED YOU.
haha! I'm sure you are too!!
wow thank u!!!
Time for story time!!
Is it sad that the highlight of my weekend was getting Papa Murphy's taco pizza? If so, bite me -- it's fuckin' awesome!!
of me lifting? haha
MOG's gave their interface a makeover in 2011 I think. Recommending music + finding new music > Spotify now
FOLLOW ME
Nice confetti out there!!
Wow non pg raw
It is! My prof works for the AACC & he's great but sometimes I get lost in the acronyms & rarely do I recall what they stand for.
Well there you go! Still want to see a Ken Herron app. Read your Top 40 and Top 10 Tweeting blogs. Totally killer!
I bought Angels' Blood because of the cover & then discovered just how great is!
2011.10.07 #Brewers 2 #Diamondbacks 1 mid 8 | The tension is high / Frankie somehow escapes this / hold on to it, Crew.
We have 8 entrees,12 sides and 7 delicious desserts today at Elmington Park.YES!!! all this from a food truck!!Best selection in town :)
RT : "Let us all take a minute to remember those working at the Waffle House tonight," 's Xmas words to the fam
Holy shit. I feel like I've been hit by a bus
detroit love to you! Thanks for the shout out.
It's gonna blow your mind when I say Dan Snyder is the Michael Bay of the NFL, then.
Streaming live now. W.anderkampmusic.com click on streaming audio button.
Dear Sven... that goal was SICK NASTY...
but i said when you're "about to stand up". therefore i haven't yet. haha
FB posted free from 125 cappers today and consensus on ND under and Baylor over with sides very close on both games
Oh really then we'll go there then :)
where u at bruh
Is your coffee done yet?
I told you i would tweet about you. :3 when your bestfriend is obsessed with a disney channel show...
saw #breakingDawn last night.....best momvie out of all them
is killin it a right now!
FOLLOW HER, NEED 4000 FOLLOWERS :)
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone; but, years after, we know it was much later
Yikes! You do crazy shit when you're crazy!
Not sure what I dislike more, the font choice or how all of the panther's features are rounded...
Love that album!
RT I just entered to win a free iPad at TagCrazy.com! RT to enter. TagCrazy.com, the best luggage tags on the net.
Mf that try to hard to be funny is fuckin lame
no, thank u!
Oh hell nah...we're out of Valentina -_-
I ask all conservatives to conserve the truth first and remember why you worship the creator... The wealthy won't save you or your country
What a suprise a big completion on 3rd down against this extremly overpaid deffense.
fo real?! Damn! I'm gonna hafta give up vodka AND cigs this week! Shit... Lol
Bacon RT : Q10 #FoodieChat You are feeling blue! What is your GO TO that always makes you feel better!
creating rooms you like to live in seems like natural evolution speaking of spaces tht looked lived not like glossy mag spaces
Fuckin a ever since I got this surgery I keep waking up with fat head aches it's getting hella annoying
The rumores are true! I will be cutting hair at VIP Salon today! stop by or call me if you need a cut!
I'm at the park, enjoying the beatiful weather.
We've got some ear candy for you guys this week, Bottle Train, , Mercia, and Bitchin' Kitchen! Come join the party!
So how's the NM State Fair going? Haven't gone yet but it seems that word of mouth is good.
please somehow make that skype session show up on on Mixergy premium. :-)
I love you to...<3
Paul Pierce just got crossed though...ahaha
I LOOVE YOU. hope you're having a good day! Could ya give me a follow please? x
:) Thank God, cause I swore I saw a promo before tonight, so i thought i was late, must have dreamt it lol :)
I'm blessed!
RT : Like said, keep fighting. There's still time. We're going to keep up the effort for better
Its crazy I woke up today and couldn't fight the urge to smile. There is no negativity in my life. I'm thankful to be able to say that
Today’s MOCA specials: Soups are Lentil (vegan) and Wild Mushroom. Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Nominating Ramirez' play in the 5th for a spot on the #SCTop10 Go #Brewers!
feelin like an ST kinda morning driving in today!
I'm sure you are!!! I'm gonna have a hectic week... I'm doing 3 jobs this week.. boss was sent out of town
Damn gotta cancel all my Sunday night appts, my fave movie Flightplan is having it's world premiere on AMC!! Any other Plannies out there?
let me know when you're done only giving a shit about yourself.
i generally like animals more than i like people
I like that one!
Lol. I can't deal with your terminology.
Creative reuse! RT Just helped temporarily fix her shoe with one of my buttons. ..and it even matched her outfit!
both it's a good thing right now bc in fucking up
Oops, sorry, what is it? (Your AVI is hot btw) :)
Future of fitness systems is about "knowing you", when u exercise, who u exercise with, etc. data integration 4all platforms
So proud! RT : I just got presented an award as Gainesville Unit's social work student of the year!
I'm so sick of doing the same thing over and over again.
can you order me another Pacers' win! LOL!
Worlds best DJ ATB n Daniele Tavella will rock Playhouse tonight. Almost sold out come at 10pm or book ur table we got a few left.3103826067
really ? Lol cuz I've never seem one this dark
Lol its like that cheif? RT : I Once Knew This Kat Named
Nothing like catching up on my recordings on a rainy day. :)
A sleepy #saturdaylibrarian. Doors opening in 30 minutes.
Wait it's 1 AM here. I am going to bed haha. But I will definitely be scouring the Internet for more Ava Gardner info
Thank you for the awesome Compliment!!! Ill be sure to give the bartender props! Were you at Milw or Stallis Brass?
#cosign ---> RT : I agree! RT : KLC may be one of the most underrated producers in the game!
RT Re Morality “mine is grounded in reality and logic not in some overbearing power”
Second show of the two show day is about to begin!
Stansbury isn't jealous of Cal, he's jealous of Twany. What Ky school did he play for? Oh right...Campbellsville
elbows to the head <<
How are all of you users out there?
Satan you are a lier and the blood of jesus is against you
Ok I'm done, just had to vent a little you know
there is absolutely nothing silly about baking scones! they sound so delicious :) are they easy to bake?
DRose can practice with his flash cards all summer. Dumb ass nigga lol
RT : Leading isn't always glamorous. You have to be willing to do it when it is hard and thankless.
Let me know if I can help, I have ladders and I'm pretty handy.
I hate bath salts
love > lust
We are means to the small creatures within us and nature has other ends than we. -Joyce
We all have been taught "thou shou not kill... Now hear this.... FUCK THAT SHIT" ....Ssgt. Sikes
um u said u coming to ma or did u change ur mind..
I cant beleive i been n twitter since 2009 wow
damn man thatz the only reason why i love America ;) i miss yu bra
I CANNOT believe I just read that! RT : That was a clutch throw by Tebow.
why didn't you just wait...?
You can't just drop a hint like that and not give details. What happened?
My 77-yo mother texted me to say she'd received a good doctor's report today. In other news: MY 77-YEAR-OLD MOTHER TEXTED ME.
I played well. Didnt win those 'hump' showdowns to build a stack. Thank you for the well wishes and those pieces bought
Sorry- done barging in on y'alls conversation. Just highly caffeinated this morning.
agreed however add yourself to the hot list
": Off to Chase Field for Game 4. Ready to come home happy tonight." We are ready to celebrate in Milwaukee. Tonight...
you won't regret it.
"Why u no reading Otsu Hiyori"? That is the question.
It's kind of a contradiction to call the section that won the Amtrak tickets "lucky." They are watching the #Clipshow, let's not forget.
to conclude: #clickerTraining is more about understanding the mind of a dog than it is forcing them to act a certain way.
Working on the #creativebrief article on Twitter. Who knew 140 characters could be so complex? #
IT guy by day, entrepreneur by day and night
Loud birds before dawn or a leaf caught in the gears?
Just bought a new pair of triathlon shorts. I guess the dream isn't over.
Morning to you too! It's a soggy one here in Crown Point, IN! RT : Morning Lauren
Today was a good day :) hopefully it continues tonight :)
Great discussion topic.
gotta love mb ♥
thanks for the input
call me soon as u can
Wow! What happened to Nov? And HOW many things do I have to do in Dec? Going to be great!
The way I spend my weekends >
maybe it's to practice tearing them down after the upset of Kent State the first game?
Sarah and I saw HG yesterday. Absolutely outstanding movie! I hope you all enjoy it!
This process is taken very seriously handled with high standards of ethics and values and most importantly commitment to finding a match.
Movers are gone, touch ups are done, hungry for dinner and a win for the #orioles and #caps!
lol thanks! Text me too so I have your #
I thought Dorsey had a good year? Maybe better in 43 d though
boyfriend....on my birthday!! That's crazy!
Watching the first Hangover this movie is still funny as hell... I cant stop crying, I been laughin so hard
Thanks! But yours is way sexier! ;)
yes! The last destination on my next stint on the MV Explorer is Ecuador/the Galapagos Islands. I've never been before!
Well, all you folks who went to the midnight showing of the Hunger Games, what's the verdict? Any good?
Nothing cheers you up on Finals week like walking through the rain and having nothing to listen but the chime of the bell towers
All the way south... Bored.
RT "Goin' Crazy" by Natalie is my jam.
I KNOW I AIN'T UGLY THOUUGH ! THAT'S FOR DAMN SURE ;)
Wow this game is nuts!
how has #SXSWi been so far?
Hey Jim! Thanks for the follow.
I wish I was white
please follow she is you biggest fan!5
How many words does it take to move someone to action? Does it depend on the words, or does it depend on the person? It's your relationship
Eminem playlist = that extra mile on the treadmill
Still writing this freaking dbq #whydiditakeapeuro?
when are you picking me up?! Lol xD
I will try to keep up on my tweets today but I have a heck of a day coming up so I can't make any promises lol
thought that just went through my head "do you think about me at all? do you even know I exist? I hope so, but I don't know"
need some followers
Happy Snowy Tuesday! Drive safely today... Coming soon, another two batches of bacon...
everyone is pissed off at me :l god damn not a shops day at all. just wanna crawl in a hole and die.
Oregon&#39;s Quarterback Battle Offers Two Intriguing Possibilities
That was a nice nap.
Hello everyone. I thought I was done crying over Nathan....guess not. :'(
whoops forgot dragged sorry :)
#sorryforpartyrockin love it!!!!!
Terry MFKN Boggard the winner of the Certain Death 1.0 Online Tournament
Sigh RT : shortest DVD ever
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland. - Jimi Hendrix
how's the new baby?
I LOVE those jeans Yonghwa is wearing!!!
Drinkin a German beer, with a cuban cigar. In the middle of Paris.
Allen or Cam just leave? lol
Thought leaders in #business/#learning/#talent I follow..., , , ,
and I still know. They pass their homicidal tendencies to their kids yo
Why are jobs so hard to find ?
when do you sleep?! That's crazy scheduling, and you still rock it!!
Just updated sounds on the new "Millionaire Swipe" theme android game. New version released.
In Olympia lobbying for higher ed!
didn't that feel good? Now how about another piece or two of Obama's job bill rather than the ironic legislation you posed?
Sick blazer on Mr. Collins tonight.
I can't say life's a bitch because it's what you make of if
Hey Ray, did I miss the stand to this morning?
In Somalia you are consider an adult at 13...If you could get married and have kids your and adult...Fascinating.
Greg we are staying up stairs with Matt. And titties.
See atleast you understand
I haven't walked away from my TV for 3 days
One more week and then to Cali YAY!
*bing* Got it in one. Was given a copy at Sci Foo last year, completely failed to read it since it's a big-ass hardcover.
Looking for a good home for our lovable cat Farley. We love him but babies, allergies, small houses and cats don't mix. Any takers?!...
hi everyone we would like to announce that M Cupcakes in Downtown Miami is know Kosher Certified come and check us out
Butterflies smell with their feet. That is all. Good night.
perhaps, but most guys don't have the florist write "sorry for being a dick." lol
Day off and the sunshine is gone...go figure. But, it's the perfect day to look for a house.......if I get out of bed :)
My hair is like so healthy now it's so soft
You going to be at trust tonight tonight. Lets see who will step to our family. Trick question, nobody will.
Well, we can't all be perfect.
What does that mean?
. Young readers who are simply playing their role (right?) thing the best way through is around. Anti-Frost.
"ppl caught in love like whirlwinds-Listening to they squads, listening to girlfriends-that's exactly the point where they whole world ends"
Interpretive center and parsonage
Call me at (949) 262-0110 to find out how to boost your peak sports performance with 10 drops of an energetic elixir in an glass of water.
Good time management is synonymous with good organization. Put your daily routines into detail.
awww lucky! I love Jason! Cnt believe i never met them in real life:( ur so lucky my hubby signed ur poster:(
My parents hav been divorced for 2 years n they still have holiday dinners together with everyone...
#np Angel of Mine - Monica
yes definitely!
Thanks to for the #isea2011 updates!
Welcoming Wayne Clough, Secretary of the , to the podium, discussing the future of diversity @ the institution.
I'm tired. ;c
My sister <3
"you're everything I hoped for, you're everything I need"
Sohosandiego.com battling to keep art second landmark restaurant tops, day city from demolition. Help
- You are just what I needed today, Paul. Thank you for being your beautifully enlightened self. You are rare and lovely.
Where's the girl of my dreams?!?! I need her now!!
#Berklee library www servers are down again due to damage from #bostonpoweroutage ystrday. We're working on it--sorry for the inconvenience!
Gotta love game day. Beat cal!
Tryin to stay focused and work from home doesn't work for me.
Today was Shit,well what's new.
pretty good! It was just a little chewy lol
Aint No City Like New York!!!
miss u too. Xoxoxo meeeeeery Xmas!!
#Rangers are teeing off on poor Melancon only has a 40.50 ERA.
Forced to see "Sweet Home Alabama" promo before raw feed of Gaddafi being killed. Iffy ad buy, there.
BCG is getting annoying. there's a differnce between being a bad girl and being a rude ass bitch. just sayin. erica from bgc8..GO HOME
Listen real close while I prove my point.
Rain, pls stay away 2moro, bc some of us would like 2 do something outdoors for a change.. Thanx 4 understanding..
All of the #tebowgottraded talk makes me think of him going to one knee...to clean out his locker
Well my tweeting speed will only get higher. Just kidding. When you push tweet, the screen advances half a screen. Silly Twitter!
Thank U! : Thx for being so supportive this week!
RT : The pain from being OVERWEIGHT outlasts the pain of EXERCISE!! Get Moving Peeps YOUR body will thank you!! I Promise ;)
watching KCAS i can't wait till one direction performs whoo(: <3
It feels like "running to Starbucks" is this generation's version of a cigarette break. (FDA warnings pending...)
I'm burning up as it is
Fellas.. Quit asking these cute chicks why they single.. They Crazy, Duh!
sexy a chick that can wear a fitted :)
Here's a great article about the work being done in the Northland area of Columbus, including a survey of residents with a grant from...
My friend in Hawaii has today off & getting ready for a swim. Calls by rubbing it in. So jealous!
lol aw damn.
Any of my Seattle friends know a cheap Landscaper/Gardner to help fix up my small backyard ?
U Gotta diamond in one hand but your out looking for rhinestones?
A mid-afternoon snack courtesy of Nicole Stellon O'Donnell, one of our favorite Alaskans: jalapeno olive moose jerky.
merry christmas to everyone! who's crowded around the tv watching a game?
I should be a professional photographer
despite all the setbacks, I'm still blessed #Jesusjoy can't nobody tell me God doesn't love me :)
Thanks to the folks for a great time last night. It was an honor to host your #EC bash!
Honestly, I'm a wreck.
No doubt. But it makes for an interesting "flow" in Raymond Williams' words.
no kids allowed right? We have a three year old and no baby sitter.
Just when I thought I saw everything, tonight at work topped it all ever by far...hope all yall mothers had a good mothers day 20-12
Anchorman 2!!! Yes. Sweet. Awesome. Yes. I love lamp. My apartment smells of rich mahogany.
I'm being myself but I always get screwed over so there isn't anything women really want??
I fell walking up concrete steps and had to get stitches in my head
#Wizards are the most intriguing local team for men now, you can miss a game and be OK, and love rebuilding...anybody want to go see the LAL
Watching an AAU game up here at the Run N Slam & I'm trying to figure out who's more disinterested in this game...the coach or his players?
what to do what to do
loved that last performance
Take a look at 2011 and show me an example of Mauer's leadership. The clubhouse didn't stand up for him. Speaks volumes.
Now Following #TeamFollowBack :)
Serious fun in New Orleans with and last night. Good to see you guys.
yeah they count. Do you like clue?
this ain&#39;t no bank robbery!
aw I liked caribou
Technology companies go thru money fast bc programmers are EXPENSIVE right
JOIN THE MAILING LIST NOW!!! www.2crazycomedy.com
Thank you and
may have the best onion rings ever!
Watching the last song I love this movie did a great job!!
just lay on the floor screaming help me help me and then when someone comes to help stand up and say never mind
omg that's a THING? Must.. Hit... Reddit...
And why do they conduct interviews OUTSIDE at Davos???
And, if any of our artists who Tweet are in Hamburg, please take photos & regale us Stateside, we'll RT & be jealous :)
thinking of turkey today
About to go INSANE!! You don't realize how out of shape you are until someone challenges you to start working out again....err!!
I'm To Much , Baby You Can't Handle Me
No, but Thanks 4 that!
LOL! I'll settle for meeting a stewardess.
Gotta load that on the ole iPod for my return trip.
lets chat in the next 24 hours! now is fine with me if you're up
Would love to see in a Buffalo Bills jersey in a few years...
Calendar Overload Alert: Next wknd Record Fair and overlap! So much possibility! ...and I'll be in
That's good for you guys.
Tonight is 's "Best of Craigslist Show." we have comps, booze, and funny improvisers. What more could you ask for? 10pm
RT : Make happiness a habit. ~
RIP Whitney Houston. What a shame another great artist gone to soon!
should have worked out with me. it was a definite #swollders days
Wow-have u ever tried gluten-free pumpkin pie or chocolate cake?
4 long-cooking dishes, add herbs & spices an hour or less before serving. Cooking spices 4 2 long may result in overly strong flavors.
absolutely my man!
I've been engaged for over a year now and today I finally bought my first #bridal magazines!
I've been calm up to this point, I'm not about to continue to exercise such heavy self-control. Never liked exercising anyways lmao
My thoughts exactly!!!
UK baseball's record in their 1st 24 games this season: 23-1. UK baseball's record in their last 24 games: 14-10.
watching TV with Aidyn--gotta get ready for work soon.
What's your New Year's resolution? Mine is to stop being so nosy. Hey, did you hear who's trying to lose weight?
Thanks for the download!
“ Thank you for following me. Do you have tips on finding good resumes if you are the interviewer?” Hey I'll write an article! OK?
you did a great job with events the last few years. Relax and enjoy them this year!
My brain is 90% lyrics.<3
nah, because most of you know what a busy signal is! It was just that one caller.
pterodactyl like screeching and intermittent wailing. Fun times around here. Good thing he's mostly awesome. :)
Hey ! What do I do when your Tide to-go pen bleaches a spot on my favorite pants?
Seeing Woman in Black today! :D I've been waiting for this all week...
Not digging the new Passion Pit single. Hope the album is better.
Yo!! Shout out to my new follower!! Love my friend!!
Cheers to Laura T, my dear friend, from the foggy, chilly city of Chi town. Sorry I've been so out of touch; just too much busyness.
#wilwheaton in Pavilions. My teenage geek flashbacked; my adult geek wished #sheldon #bigbangtheory were around.
welcome to my new fans on twitter, my space, reverbnation and face book!
oh man! Thank u :) I'm spending thanksgiving out there with family so I needed to know what to pack. :)
Yikes! That's really funny.
Ah I'm so fucking scared
Wow best birthday ever... Found out I'm 7 weeks pregnant and wrote me happy birthday... I'm so happy... Thank you :-)
Watch "HUMAN PLANET"...
saw it :) but I tweeted it from my personal account (:
All these #Giants on the injured list...ouchie.... #kindacrazy ..
That scary moment when your walking into a store and the automatic doors are a little slow so your about to slam your face into the doors...
A good family day. But there are times I like to be alone, so I am walking to buy fruit and milk for tomorrow. The rain has left its scent.
And she such a tease but I like that shit...play hard to get I love it
Which agency handles parking spot assignment? I'm feeling like becoming an engaged citizen all of a sudden. :-)
Today I have stepped in dog shit, slipped on a banana, & almost peed my pants. To whomever pies me in the face later, I like lemon meringue.
Thanks Joy! #Shoutout The Queen of IEM's!
brilliant idea.
Sandbar Lounge is Packed Out! 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806. NO COVER. HIP HOP/Top 40/Reggae Music.
Hey #packernation! Back from a vacation that was definitely
I swear my dog could be human crying like a baby bc he hasn't seen me in almost 48 hrs😞I missed him on the other hand I look like a lobster
:) Yes it is. I love these! (I'm on second row, far left)
punk and cena is doing good as tag team partners
ha...so ready for summer!!
#geico already nailing it with their first commercial
Want to see Gio and the take on the Reds this afternoon, check out MLB.tv for the game of the day.
To much thai. To much
Since I've discovered Reddit and G+, Twitter just isn't that cool anymore.
This time it's the damn French. Damn French.
Our deal is still on! Just $5 for a medium one topping pizza when you order more than one!
Lot of $$ in that room. Someone will pony up for this mans boxing gym!
No decent free video editors I know of on windows. Ulead / Corel is good for $50, or Premiere Elements
My wife sure can cook!
Fml.... I hate ppl
our school think we Glee lol
nice!!! It's gonna be a nice day man
will do. Thank you again
These irrelevant bitches talking shit about us cheerleaders. Jealous much? Fuck off. You just wanna be us. Your men wanna be with us.
Seems that got together some local boutiques for a collaborative photoshoot. Cute photos trickling in.
& you know what happens on the river.....
Brewing Ngwenya (organic Ethiopia Sidamo) & a new Ethiopian Harrar that we branded as Mamba. Mention this twitter & enjoy a free 12 oz cup.
hey!!! I miss you too. Ended up doing the appartment thing.
Christianne was like "NO MARISSA IS OUT THERE".
Anxiously awaiting the return of #RonBurgundy let's get that #SexPanther goin!
Helping out at the big Revolutionary War Reenactment down at
Funny quotes. I like them.
“ Niggas sleeping on me I hope yu die In ya sleep”
teleporter: take me to pages 182-193 in /APRIL, please.
Q3~ ~ I would be lost w/o it!
Don't be jealous of my tampon, you'll get your turn.
Bummed I can't afford a cleanse. Sometimes, being a college student and working only part-time sucks. :(
just arrive to 6Abc......
Yum! Did you use the secret -vanilla- ingredient in the Ragu? Excited to drink #sacramento wine at the Old Sugar Mill tomorrow.
I just wanna sleep for like 3 days straight
If USA beats Algeria on Wednesday they advance to the next round of the World Cup.
Tutoring students with Autism is my passion!!! Follow your Passion and you will find complete joy!!
Whose everybody got in the Kentucky Derby?
Sorry! Me 2. Missed 1/2 day at work.
I'm just fuckin wit u I just had to get u back lol
You know you care so much for your boyfriend when you dont care if he broke your prada sunglasses at the zoo :'( lmao
awesome! so great to see our community supporting the arts! thank you, parents and friends! #westclermont!
we've only got 6 bao left for the day. If you haven't made it downtown yet, will likely have to wait till next week.
Follow I will fb
Keep ya'll mind right! #DontQuit ...
RT : Less thinking, more doing...
That's so great to hear!
Dislike fri 13th first get locked out my apratment then get stuck behind someone going 30mph on the interstate and was late for work
“We write because we believe the human spirit cannot be tamed and should not be trained.”--Nikki Giovanni.
Nice dude!....way to represent the N'hood
Future research infrastructure forecast: "cloudy w/ a chance of semantics"
I know your life sucks, but try not to make up "interesting"lies that ruin people's reputation & lives.
I'm legit about to cry I hate this shit.
Growing up has been difficult .
it's up :) 98pxy.com
do you braise it in beer for seco de chivo? and what spices
How to Make Biking Mainstream— Lessons from the Dutch. j.mp/avxJ6G via
Let the wedding season begin! We like working with fairly clean hair when up-styling, how about you?
congrats on #winning the Championship big guy!!
wat does it mean
awww thanks :)) along side with the Bestie : :))
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
RT : i'm a serial tryer-outer, so should not be prompted to do yet another new thing. However.. flying lesson in 2 weeks!
Let's go 49ers
Sydney Biddle Barrows~ I ran the wrong kind of business but I did it with integrity.
I am legit going to have a #SpiceGirls Birthday party this year.
MT : Thanks for making the case for why we need the CA #DISCLOSE Act for real transparency last weekend!
wut. omg. i'm not home. D:
Dad put on our flee & tick medication on & now we not only can't sleep in bed tonight!! Now Our hair looks very silly & smell yummy :-(
We have a new server ready - vpn-mf16 dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami FL. It's available in your customer area now.
I'm actually having a blast working on my final for Purple Aires.
Thinking about this one person <<<<<
Lmao the NASCAR announcers quoting talladega nights
Real Salt Lake's Nico Muniz (IISA alum) now on twitter
I put dat on my soul ya heard meh...
Did u purchase #property in the last 60 days? Call 410-608-3000 2day 4 #FREE property #tax analysis & find out how much u could b #saving!!!
yes! Sitting in the airport after having warmed up for the training with a little world cafe this morning
She forcen it wid the,periods
that line only works if you're part of the team, not a fan.
I'm deeply grateful for my executive creative wild pack w/ their brilliant feedback. Do you have a wild pack?
Pepperoni, ham, Italian sausage, regular sausage, bacon crumbles.
S/O to the talented
Have you ever wanted so much to tell someone how you feel about them but remained silent in fear of losing them???
Haha I admit I can be a pen stealer at times. =/ But at other times I just ask! ha
By the way, , I had to fall back to 1.4.1 so that Neatline .1 would function, for some reason, might know more
Do not look down on me for ordering a cosmo for dessert. Do not.
I got u lol..
yeah, shes older then them
THAT'S ON MY SCHOOLS STAGE! :)
my grandma not even off work , shit .
I just read an article in the Irish Times about this. It sounds like wonderful news! Congrats 2 you guys!!
It's much funnier that way.
Too many underestimate the power of prayer and the miracles that God presents us each day.
I think I overreacted the first time. Now that its more serious, I don't know exactly how to act.
Kickstarter page almost ready to launch !!!!!!!
Did you know that Apple will be replacing Google Maps with their own version of map software? According to 9to5Mac.
Bought some new panties today. Maybe that'll make me feel better.
everybody needs a song
Corfu and Mykonos were gorgeous! Wish I would have made it to Santorini thought!
fuck ya I call iron man
just got off the phone. They've called the pick in.
What the fuck did I just do.
i hope so. All that hate scared me for a minute.. We gotta get back together soon.
Which of the 3 undefeated teams have the best chance to finish undefeated?
#youshittingme RT“: Kentucky get most impressive win of the year in upset over Indiana”
O'Reilly finally gets it right. While in segue to his Dumbest of the Week segment he introduces Greg Gutfeld.
Thanks a million, mate
Good morning n happy friday hope everyone has a safe weekend......
So true...BIG IS IN
Who's u'll? Wut up
Thank you for the RT!
So far today: two e-mails, one chat ref question. Five hours down, three to go.
yep, maybe I'm weird..I like to see things from ppls lives...what they like to do, friends having fun, pets, quotes cartoons
New season of South Park is on today. So excited.
Thanks Megan!
2 eggs~~ Over-easy.. Hashbrowns.. 2 turkey sausage.. toast witt Coffee... Yum
AC, this advice is perfect timing for a current project. I get all except what does "elliptical" mean?
The difference between who you are and who you want to be...Is what you do.
RT ME Vale Dick!
How in the world was I not following ?
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 29
Let's do this #Reno!
whoever's open...the last shot is overrated
Was thinking hard af at work this morning gotta have a talk wit my lady when she wake up.
Email for bulk trash pick-up.
I might come tomorrow
ok, I'm just now realizing I have responses to tweets I sent out days ago. It's like you have to be online 24/7.
We have a large wine selection. Mix and Match 6 bottles and receive a 10% discount
And this scruffy-looking nerfherder has plenty more #starwars wisdom if necessary, your highness.
i wish he would text me... blah. i hate that i always have to start the conversations.
Looking forward to some upcoming Dodgeball Tournaments in Michigan. The biggest one of course... the DETROIT CUP one month away!
idunno why people at my school think i smoke weed..
: I'd rather be accurate & late than early & wrong, any day. Just b/c u can doesn't mean u should. Don't take shortcuts....
I'll save some for you.
Sometimes I feel alone #BizarroWorldtweet #
cancer research journal
Cool bros building cool stuff. Does it get better? Nope.
Every mathematical system no matter how seemingly random over a long enough period of time shows patterns
Adolf Hitler & sister Aryan Nation remain in foster care after 33 months ... - New York Daily News
Now that's truth that'll find ya sleepin' on the counch!
Bumper sticker: "My other face has a mustache." That made me giggle.
; there you go, looking pitiful because I let you go, there you go, talkin bout you want me back but sometimes it be's like that.
You're thinking about it. Buy one as a gift for your wife.
LOL when me and text each other non stop last 10 minutes of SuperBowl going crazy about every play
Tip: Drink 1-2 cups of water 30 minutes prior to exercising. You should also drink 1-2 cups of water every 15 minutes while exercising.
BEER It’s not just for breakfast anymore.
And got in free :) love when my connects go through!!
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy your #day!
Back at Home. Back at Twitter. Back at everthing. :) iLoveYouLittleSister.x3
Where's your favorite place to find Arts and Entertainment news/events in the Triangle?...
Fuk it yall can keep ya ass here then....
Rihanna making this rainy day better
I think u had just finished telling me how u guys had snuck in and been caught XD
what!? You aren't craving Peter piper!?!
on food: classic deep dish at Pizano's; the best Dog at the Wiener's Circle; and epic Italian Beef sammies at Al's Beef
sorry i've been mia. agree. it's better on you then me but still eh...
People from the south are the nicest :) RT : People are much nicer who don't live on a coast.
my name is irish.
Omw home in this brick ass wheather
damn u ah good bm sis
Are we honestly growing fruit if people arnt interested in this joy , or peace we constantly talk about ?
Daamn , bye bye bulls :'(
Yes, I have to have "a reason"
I bet thwy crazy as he'll and loud as fuck
Knicks lead the pursuit of Tyson Chandler? I do not think this guy is worth $14 mill a year and the Knicks should beware.
Yesturday I ate seafood, then chinese. Today I ate american food & now I just need mexican & italian food:)
San Antonio misses you.<3
knick and heat game so close...hard to choose the foreign language #oscars announcements in this situation!
Thanks Christine:) Gotta love pretty nails!:) Hope you get to try them on your nails soon:)
Thanks for the RT Joseph!
wtf I am mature! haha I just had to (:
If you are lost,follow me...
it's not possible to just be friends with someone you love & want so much more from...
We have outstanding rates here at the Comfort Suites-Lawrenceville. Come check us out if you are in the area and in need of accommodations
We have it! Stop on by when you are free!
ok what does ikkr mean
Yep, is there Sat & Sun #PecanStATX!!!
watching rosie now how wonerful u r what play r u in now want to come see u in one
I would be lying if I said you didn't cross my my mind every night b4 sleep, my my fantasy is the only way I can have you.
RT : Hirshhorn extends Aitken video by a week. MT : BREAKING Aitken's SONG1 extended to May 20.
How much would you want for it? I have a friend who might be interested.
I love cheese.
what you need to know about K-12 ed policy and advocacy.
right, let me rephrase. Russia & China won't get into a physical war w/ us... if it gets physical they'll use proxies.
We are in Oakland, near San Francisco. I moved up here about 18 years ago, but get down there often
THANK YOU SO MUCH OMFG IM CRYING THANK YOU I LOVE YOU <333
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEANY!!!!! miss you sweetheart!
A complete stranger bought my breakfast this morning. Thanks whoever you are and I'll be sure to pay that one forward.
Great, especially since the sun decided to come out :)
CW said: "Mind your business. The Secret Circle is a secret."
So I can't see who is following my G+ page?
Is there a #SharePoint NCAA bracket this year? I want in!
Users may be experiencing an issue with our service; our engineers are currently working on this issue.
Judge Payne, IN "Our partnership with Case Commons will transform our legacy as a human services agency."
Ha! Seriously!
I usually could, but I find there's an inverse relationship between how long my pieces are and how many people read them. =)
Logan reading backstage,he's so cooteee<3.
The San Diego Foundations hopes everyone is having a great Monday! Don't forget to enjoy our beautiful San Diego weather!
What should I do now? Feedback
Or maybe our offensive line is worse than we knew...
I wonder if i take u home would u still be in love ..!!
Can't wait to see the
Thanks for the RT!
Every Tuesday night at The Mad Frog is URBAN OPEN MIC w/ SKANDAL. Come check out the best Cincy talent or step up and show us what you got!
look who I found!?!?
One of those work days where I stupidly allowed them to frustrate me early in the morning. Glad I have an hour to relax now that I am home.
Can you imagine the #coolkidstable in Chicago? Mind-boggling.
my predictions are 2 for 2, by the way
Cookin up dope tryna make a million
The cashier at the grocery store made the mistake of asking me if I was enjoying this beautiful Spring day...
You also have a Gr8 week! :)
