OK please follow she is great
Partying Tonight. DJing Thursday Night. Private Event Friday. DJing a Very "COOL" Event on Saturday!!
I do however have grape soda and it's MAJOR
good morning cynthia happy thursday
Got some work and errands done this morning...hitting the road here in a little bit to test out my SpiBelt and then to blog about it!
#ARL12chi Apologies...the scholarly identity session was cancelled because Clifford Lynch couldn't make it to Chicago due to weather.
So my prediction was correct: The Artist won for best film
“: So, James Harness has gone "the way of the Dorsey." #GoldRush”...sure seems like it.
yay! so awesome. great work, guys!
We are planting beans, but only over by the trellises. We have several really big raised beds and can't put beans in all...
Cool. Thanks
That or the fact that Buff squandered all their high rd picks on bad talent.......
Don't worry, it's not graphic
im up for a meeting after 5pm
mobile is broken end i gona bay iphone 4
Went to event for governors race Kathleen Faulk and Kathleen vinhout were there...and 20 people. Not crowd you want days before election.
I see the weather is giving us hell again.
prolly an accident
why cant you all be funny?
the door is right behind you bitch
I doubt he'd like to listen to himself over and over AND over again all day.
good place! try their biscuits!
Meghan McCain is the only serious heir to the William F. Buckley branch of the GOP. This is dark in many, many ways.
This is why I should not be awake at these hours.
California scares me. And I don't like the 'must drive everywhere' thing in LA. I'm used to NYC.
There is opportunity for folks of all ages to help with What did you have in mind?
yes awesome
BC they love their fans! RT : Ravens have been in playoffs 4 straight years, gone 3 straight without raising ticket prices.
i going to plant some corn
BE YOURSELF because an original is worth more than a copy.♥
This mango lemonade is so freaking delicious
I understand! thank you! and I agree very much. places are like people. you can see the truth in the heart!
love you! And you're right! #missyoumore I better see you a lot more when I get back down to cape!
loll...I'm getting that shirt made!
w00t! Thank you!
You drive me crazy.. But I still love you 😊
o ok. my meet and greet was at 1:00 pm we waited outside for like an hour but it was soo worth it
Dr. Walter, a pediatric sports medicine specialist, will be discussing concussion on Fox 6 Wakeup News tomorrow morning around 8 am
Regrets collect like old friends.
Aww, thank you, John. I'm very happy to be following you! And thank you also for the retweet. :)
“: They should let the drivers run on the rack, foot race to the finish! 2 laps! #Daytona500 #NASCAR”
If you huff and puff too hard, you just might blow your own house down.
go for it. Let us know when u release the book.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld ANIME AND MANGA AND VIDEO-GAMES
~+..-! SATURDAY....CLUB MATRIX...SATURDAY...MATRIX...PARTY..SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Mainland tomorrow. Hopefully I will get a chance to bowl and show mainland what is up.
Ed Doctors say that Nordberg has a 50 - 50 chance of living, though there's only a 10 percent chance of that.
Fort Collins! Come see us tonight at Ramskeller... 10:30 pm. Love u
i have that game its so cool
Tonight Get Romantique! Jazz w/ Hot Club of Hulaville,Valentine's Day, with Miss Willow, chanteuse! @ Honoulu Academy of Art
my godd id rape u
There doesn't seem to be any value in changing your own oil.
so is it saying "your not authorized to view these tweets " to you to ?
MUST READ BOOK: The Great Crash Ahead by It contains key insights on dangers and opportunities of the new economy.
cool. thx for the info! we'll get there eventually.
: Hey there!
You never know what you have lost, until you are standing in a room with that person not being able to call them yours.....
I have Long Beach St. in the sweet 16. New Mexico is a one man show
We're just friends. So tell him to go get his mothers phone. LOLOLOL.
what courses are you teaching? Maybe a free presentation from UC's Classics Outreach program? Facebook.com/UC.Classics.Outreach
I-re-need to evacuate.
but he not follow me :P ahah
Adornment is as much a part of our tradition as anything, but extensions and chemicals on children? too damaging.
The only thing better than SUBWAY is free SUBWAY. Play #trivia today and you can win a $10 gift card so watch for it this afternoon!
just finished writin this song for the studio tomorrow. as usual im not thrilled about it. i always feel like i can do better
yes yes!! I can't even tell you how much I've needed this break. Life = stressful lately! Glad u had a good day!!
#SaaScon Gene power user of Google apps, gPlatform. Innovation key consideration. $50 per user per year. Simple, Avail, Flexible, mobility
Thanks, the pleasure is mine.
Daily Dose of Goodness: Benjamin Franklin said, "An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest." So learn something new today!
maybe if i ignore her she will leave
that is so cool! Congrats to you.
Writing all the scenes from Act 3 I know how to do first, then will fill in the rest. Got to build momentum to get to the finish.
This tip works : Getting into the habit of setting time limits for tasks will keep u motivated and help manage your time.
Was there Friday morning and some guy came over and told us we were talking too loud. :(
All the Spurs' have to do is run the ball down the floor, Tony P is too quick for the Lakers' it's been shown on Tuesday night.
bol thanks!! We love going to visit Santa. This was Otis' 5th year going! We're excited to share this tradition w/!
Eye doctor... Woohoo
"Against Fascism," Sonic Youth. Feeling nostalgic for the rollicking go-go antigovernment stance of the first Bush regime.
the hush puppies look good. I dont eat fish but I like them w/ chicken.
Grizzlies. Clippers.
apparently the word's gotten out!
I appreciate that! Soon as I get to my laptop I'll check the video you linked.
The 9 May of 2012 A person followed me :) thanks :) I love you so much :D
#jokeoftheday Hiring an escort is a lot like opening a box of chocolates, you'll never know what you get until she knocks on the door!
oh yes it does. We got down. Lol
succesful bake sale with :)
Saying "What" but then 1 second later realizing what they said
I'll take my chances =)
Children are for people who can't have dogs. ~Author Unknown
Hawks trippin but we only down 8
TY for the love!
Karens Body Beautiful Flash Sale 12pm-1pm ~ 50% off Butter Love ~ Use Coupon Code FLASH
what would be the first song you would do a cover on?(:
#SinceWeBeingHonest, I don't actually forgive you, I just missed having you around.
Hey now, I never said I didn't like it. I feel you
Which ACC team are you speaking of? How is Syracuse being challenged? They have been top 10 all year long.
Hey Scott! Are you guys going to put up a mp3 download for the CD like the last one? Thanks! :)
did you go to the concert in Moline ???
#ReasonsYouShouldJumpOffACliff blowing 3 calls to ruin what could have been the only 16 v 1 upset in world history. Asheville got HOSED.
It was a pleasure having you last night! Hope you enjoyed it.
what kernel does BeOS run these days?
great article on working from anywhere..thinking about moving to spain or portugal so thx
I woke up late calm down
pshh, who would do that? ;p
Our PRESIDENT has ACHIEVE many ACCOMPLISHMENTS. The REPUBLICANS has ACHIEVE to reveal to the NATION they have NO CANDIDATE. NLD MOM/ca. surv
I know! Those awards are so freaking messed up! Only on MTV can Bella from twilight beat out natalie portman from black swan!
Its official...im halfway to 50 :))) i feel old haha
Happy Wednesday!
At Tacobell I didn't want the fritos. I asked for a lack of crunchy crap in it and he told me--sure, crunchy crapless burrito coming up! <3
always thinking! Although I'll take quality over quantity, active and engaged over the opposite any day!
Finally home :)
Thanks to everyone for a successful spring book sale! Thanks to our Friends, our volunteers, and to ALL who came out!
Cigarettes are stinky.
Friday night means $3 Beam and Bacardi at Kilroy's Sports Bar!
um.. So I like your about me lol
i like the way you think...
what up dog
yes please!!!
Updating our #facebook application template to the latest Javascript and PHP SDK's.
Fans rushing the pitch! Love it!
yes Beckinsale is beautiful, especially in Serendipity(yeah I saw it) but trust me on this, smokin hot blonde
Right, flipping burgers. I'm going to college next year but I guess that'll lead me to working at McDonalds, right?
moves from relationship between eating & cultural identity to relationship between eating & aesthetics in Hobomok.
Coming home Monday! Stoked for our last 2 shows! Today were in Michigan and tomorrow Chicago!
You see this, ? #CTCH606 RT Pretty awesome how many Mason folks are using #clioS12. Great way to follow the class.
Happy Mother's Day from the Afterschool Alliance! Thank you for all you do!
thanks for tweeting this!
Oh my God. You really are Sippie Cup! That's crazy because I'm Sippie Cup!
300 points for the Playoff Challenge team today!!!
is hooking us up!!!
Your new website looks great!
ikr!!!! It's not even like she can ever be with brian! Alek & chloe are meant to be!
It's funny because a lot of people thought we were crazy for getting married on that day :) your mom's anniversary too?
Nicely said!!!!
When ur train breaks down and starts running express and skips ur stop <<
She just made my ENTIRE LIFE!!! <3 i love her
I'm a good squirrel!
yep! See you there Cammy!
So take it easy
CCTV America - Washington Correspondent Sean Callebs (formerly of CNN) is on Twitter! Please follow him
Ruben Studdard won't have to pay alimony, and he gets to keep their home plus all his belongings royalties,and all his money,and the ring!
I wish for 100,000 of you, then!
not quite...I'm a procrastinator
How beautiful it was to be anything at all.
Midnight mass doesn't seem nearly as late as it use to now that I'm converted to vampire hours.
Question: if you're happy and loving ya life so much, why yo post be so angry though? 0_°
FOLLOW FOR ME ♥
business about what?
Can't wait to watch Roberto Luongo cry in the press conference!
That Long Time No See Convo With Your Old Bestfriend>>> I Love You Babe!!
Don't count on others to make your dreams come true. Go out and make them come true for yourself.
and with so much detail
Tech Tour Day Five: TC's Tops: TRAVERSE CITY — The Traverse City area is probably best known for beaches, sand dunes, wine and cherri...
Gm 😘 work flow I gotta get use to waking up at 6:00 😁😖
all of eBay mobile is horrid in my opinion.
You're a peach!
#CulturalMuseums gave excellent presentation stressing role of social media and opportunity for its use in cult specific museums
woo-hoo! can't wait!!
Question from a fan: "Just got an Android phone for Xmas. What apps do you recommend?" Can anyone help him out?
i know i did not do good on that quizz !!!!
If you regularly work with medical equipment,check out our electrical safety course!Designed to identify electrical hazards
LOL my family is haunted, thanks to my long, long ago relatives haha so whatcha doing? :)
Like cold water to a weary soul is good news from a distant land and/or administration.
You see this ? RT : BREAKING: Derek Jeter passes Tony Gwynn, ties Robin Yount on all-time hits list with 3,142.
TY for the mention! RT #Restaurant news: rebound expected for SD eateries and rest of nation in 2012.
Check out my sandless sandbags..Not only for flooding but for a metered type watering sysytem for organic gardens..Contact me for more info.
He is Mr say what you want to hear guy. Reminds me of some ass kissers I've worked with
True blood! :D then GLEE! Then keeping up with the kardashians! :D I love tv lol :)
Indian food, done right, coming to Philly! Mumbai Bistro...visit www.mumbaibistro.com for more info!
Aye cuties <3 ;)
I will learn the waltz and the tango before I'm old 👍💃
Ladies & gentlemen, the weather is heating up - time 2 pay attention 2 those areas tht were hidden by clothing all winter -
Sounds like I missed all the good stuff!
I want frozen yogurt 😔.
kilMANjaro. As in dudes.
I CAN'T WAIT TILL #BOYFRIEND!!! I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!
These white girls are going crazy in this warm weather diablo it aint that hot.
Are the Clippers gonna do it again?
Can't wait! And yea I think you meant Feb. 2!
I think tomorrow I'm going to write a bade fanfiction about Becks latest update in the slap
There's that too!
Interested in planning events? Want to help your community? Email us at
Yes! Pig climber!! Bastian Schwienstieger delivers.
should the #orioles be saving runs for tomorrow?
All this industry consolidation makes me awfully nervous. Too many eggs in one basket.
yeah for sure
All around me people are moving to the next level - in relationships, work, homes - while I just am, same place for years.
Kool site you have.
Looking forward to Honor Flight and speaking at Jefferson Middle School this week
Denver Black Arts Festival July 10-12. Stop by the Network of Strength booth on July 10.
" the burn means youre doing good!" COOL, now back to xbox. Hahaha
Supernatural is so crazy. So addicted.
Does waiting REALLY make us better people ?
if you want a follow back just ask ((:
All signs say its a girl :-) woot woot!!!
Big welcome to my new friends
Cuz a suit and smile just don't fit me. Taking a bus with some miles is go kill me..pshh maybe a shirt and a tie...
even though I don't usually go for these type of books, I've found the Complete Idiots Guide to Music Theory to be very good
lol yeah ikr so much fun :P
Just wrote a freaking book on my Facebook status. Haha.
Usually they'll ask us what we did this week. Sometimes I'll go to the movies, so I can describe it to them - Donald Scanlon
and then my mom texts me, i'm cool.
i just saw it to! i love the new song!
Should I ask why y'all ministers now?
Thanks for the suggestion! We'll definitely keep it in mind!
Koppers Signs Five-Year Contract Extension With Union Pacific RR - MarketWatch (press release)
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world
#ThatOnePersonWho , texts you first all the timee ( :
I love you . <3
Why do tornadoes move so erratically?-They are dizzy
I SEEN YOU SAY ON INSTAGRAM THAT YUR DADDY OWNS A SCREEN PRINTING BUSINESS ADD ME ON FACEBOOK Damon Steen Got The juice'
No problem. Happy to help.
This is the best fucking Friday... EVER!
This heart. It beats. Beats for only you. My heart is yours! <3
That's what free agency is for bro.
Decent chance I have permanent hearing loss
SB45 Biz Lesson # 18: Be Yourself. Flash a little bling to your fans.
I'd like to meet the Dalai Lama so I can say, "Ya know it's 4 in the afternoon, you might want 2 change out of ur robe?"
I spent 25 minutes running. 410 calories burned.
Do you ever wonder if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
go to sleep homegirl!! That new kitty of yours keepin you up?
Finally caught up with , who moved to the capital of the South! Big things happening on the campaign trail in #2012 for
of course Room 101 is gonna be crazy! Just like last week
:) Hope your year at URI is winding down nicely. What are your summer plans?
back massage pwty please ;)
watching movies with my love.......
Who are you, alien, and what have you done with J??? “: Sidenote: I am really sick of smelling tacos.”
Halftime-Thurgood Marshall boys expand lead over Friendship 40-30 in Washington Charter League Championship
Is over this #flu. It's about time! Did U know that #chiropractic can help clear sinuses, stop #headaches & restore health? www.3cpdx.com
More expired film and Lomo please. Oh... and pretty places with photogenic contraptions.
I can't believe you're in L.a and you haven't visited me yet -_-
We had the sky up there, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and discuss whether they was made or just happened
I want you to know , you're far from the usual.
agreed - thanks for coming over
Avoid going through downtown on your way to tonight's group run in Forest Park. May Day parades and protest making a mess of things.
I don't trust people who don't love to eat.
Thanks lovely!
YES! Book candidate #travel for interviews in your calendar appt - drag/drop changes, alerts, maps, directions, expense reports
I published 4 videos in the past 24 hours and shared them with students ONLY through twitter. over 500 views already. connected
can I just say that I think ur really awesome for not just putting Nialls number out there for everyone :)
#2011in3words I was there.......
For snippets and quotable words of #business wisdom, follow #CFAleadercast today! Keynote speech will be delivered by
I'm so sorry. We got distracted, and I missed your message. Some of the girls left for a track meet. Next time: set alarm! :(
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it. ~Mary Engelbreit
The New York media is pretty hyped over the Jets acquiring a backup QB. I wonder why the Chicago media didn't do this for Jason Campbell?
And.... the live music has driven EVERYONE out of the bar. I actually feel bad for the band that is now playing to an empty house.
Best news yet. RT jayemtee Strongest rumor for costume set for #phish #festival8 : Exile on Main St. w/ Sharon Jones on guest vox
We had such a great session tonight!!
Tomorrow is Ash Wednesday and the start of Lent
Cheng’s “A People’s Guide to Los Angeles” showcases sites of struggle. Digital allows even razed sites to still have a presence.
i don't know what to say :(
been cooped up all weekend. i guess getting sick wasn't such a bad thing - finished a couple of beats and found a ton of new music.
I'm on One
#sslive Put someone in charge of knowledge workers performance.
TY Gary for the mention. Have a great Monday!
Getting ready for MLB playoffs which start tonight since both wild cards are tied... also jacked that Brewers are #2 seed in NL
watching television.
There are a lot! We turn them into LMS lovers. RT : a lotta lms haters...
Can't we just bypass Congress and have a rent party?
Very true. Great trade. He did his job and did it well too
BO bad lady.
After School Products is looking forward to seeing you at the #NationalAfterSchoolAssociation Convention in Dallas next Monday
hey i'm inboxing u on fb
these wiz tweets are so funny.lol
Well...this most certainly has been an interesting day with technology.
Curling my hair! ♥
What is this "Crimetime Saturday" on CBS's fall schedule? Reminds me of Crimetime after Primetime - Give me back Dark Justice, #CBS!
Congratulations and a beautiful baby photo!
Gonna try and quit smoking again. So if I'm a little mean to you for the next year, please don't take offense.
. Everything started to fall apart shortly after aki matsuri.
yes indeed :)
solid send nee the beat to my email
i stay awake for my dreams
RT : lmao! I made it up, problem?--- not at all jus Neva herd it lol
Yeah..that's true! Most of my friends I hang out with are go to my church! :)
Lee is intriguing, but I'd rather they not spend the money on him. Ishikawa and Conrad platoon seems likeliest.
shaving cream included. maybe even toothpaste lol.
whats got u annoyed this early?
We're thinking about doing a giveaway for our backers. Let's hear your suggestions!
RT : RT my msg for $5 donations: We are a part of a #HealthyCommunity in Dripping Springs! Thk u for your support!
"A major advantage of age is learning to accept people without passing judgement."
Good luck team! RT : Going to the PRisms with my talented teammates.
Nice presentation on Flower Cfrom camp from and in
I have a teaching meeting at reception o'clock. You were meant to bring me for an eye exam too :( You're a terrible mum.
old man just walked by hunched at a legit 90 degree angle. i hope my family just kills me if it comes to that
Stop worrying about what other ppl think
where is the like button for this statement!
try to check out desktop integration theater ppt @ #Bb booth
hey? How bout an orgy?
It's my dog's 5th birthday tomorrow and my mom is getting him gifts, why can't I have a normal family?
I wish I had a mom to say 'happy mothers day mom' to.
Thank you Rick for that lovely, impeccable footage! Looks like San Franciscoans need a look at the Czech road safety film.
The worst things in life come free to us.
Amdrew bird is such a talent. I was really impressed with his show tonight.
I got a tan yesterday!xD
Do everything you do from a place of gratitude.
he has arms like a T-Rex
Mitsubishi Motors Reports April Sales
Blows my mind that 81,112 people in Columbus had nothing better to do today than watch football practice.
you're welcome. hope you enjoy.
stay safe.
#swsx Austin airport taxi line--- darn.
haha love that song
Why does it seem like every class I want to take next semester is Wednesday from 3-6???? Great.
If blind-side becomes a trending topic I'm nuking my hard drive.
My team stay winning :)
Perhaps making the popular vote count for more than horse shit?
nice Paul!!
Thanks for spreading the word about California's !
is back to loving and joy!
Me either! RNG is my fave crew this season!<33 (:
we need to talk again!
Do us a public service. Give us a link to a perfect 1-graf pitch. Great to see a pitch-perfect ex. (Might save you graph-ick.)
RT : Ready to be inspired! "Learning from Inspirational Libraries" #CIL11 Looking forward to an international perspective.
. good point. But lots of similarities. Young. Idealistic. Charismatic. No $. Surge at end. I think Romney won nomination 2night
Left out of the headlines is the fact that out-of-pocket medical expenses are not affordable for far too many, even after HC reform
Thanks to the most powerful MAN in the SON's name for everything. I have nothing to complain.
Pep Pep
I need some new workshoes, the ones I got are busted!!!.
Toothbrushes collect bacteria. Soak them in CloSYS Oral Rinse once a week. Toss them after a month, a cold or the flu. www.closys.com
dude remember when that was the song that played when you called me? a ringback tone or whatever..RT Shaggy - it wasn't me
Now I ain’t saying she’s a gold digger, but a new survey suggests that your girl might be very misleading when it comes to mo
RT : Our on the shooting in Chardon has been updated to include the latest news and reactions from the...
That sounds great! Thanks for such a fun time! :)
ah, wonderful! I need a second cup right about now! Enjoy your day, and thank you!
80% of the time I go to get a snack I'm not hungry, I'm just bored.
I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it
Morex....oh i see how it is..
AUSTRALIA WANTS MILKSHAKE CITY!! please i really wanna 1D milkshake! .x
thanks for the mention. I never hear from anyone! Hope you are well.
YES ! CMON I WANT YOU TO GO !!!! LOL
I don't mind it. Just glad I don't have Giancarlo, who may only hit 15 home runs this year.
If you don't have a plan, you're planning to fail.
Oh good, Mick Jagger is going to host SNL. Y'know, I've been saying for some time that the rock and roll mythos isn't dying fast enough. 👎
Best day EVER!!!!
as it should be!!
RT : I am on a kickball team, and no you didn't misread that, it's true//I think I would drive to Nashville just to watch a game
I think you had a twitter explosion.
That pithy analogy comes from Very fitting!
: I hope you said "It doesn't matter what it is - go clean it up for mama."
Rest in peace Jack Lalanne...I am honored to have met you and will carry your message with me always.
fuck it, follow me. I tweet and shit like that.
: new video #speechless is so f ing sexy... Goddbless babygurl I know #basicinstinct gone be a sucess.. One luv
So sad.My daughter is a Sr next yr and thinking about Journalism Major. She is upset.I say follow your passion no matter what.
" I can't believe your cat has more followers then me #FirstWorldProblems"
just hired Jack Del Rio as their new defensive coordinator. I was partial to Richard Smith though :(
true. I can remember being highly skeptical.
i think this day is going to be good !
Instead of waking up to cuddles and snuggles I get a youtube video in my face of a guy singing about fruity pebbles.
I absolutely adored meeting you as well Emily! (: I hope so, but I don't think I can /: We shall hopefully meet again soon pretty!
We love name suggestions like this: ": Also: My Morning Pepperjack”
Have you read the book?
FOLLOW ME :) #TEAMFOODSTAMPS :D
Now: voice 1: (staccato) joy in repetition; voice 2: JOY in repe-TI-tion; voice 3 JOY in re-PE-tition
Next week's #MTshort is going to be DELICIOUS!
They need 2 kick Ron Artest punk bully ass out the league
glad to hear I'm not getting too sappy on you! well I'm going to hit the books. Enjoy the rest of your night.
Just wanked it before bed
: Thank you. It was very unfortunate. I shall photograph kitteh's till THAT's what I see when I close my eyes.
I think I'd be the happiest child alive if you followed or tweeted me or both hahaha! :D <3
kush and orange juice started my day good
Thank you. Have a good weekend. :)
you were there for us back in 1982. 30 years later. We need your support even more. Time for change. Help RT Thanks
awww shucks *blush*
It's so fucking packed here!
yes, it was :( I'm used to losing, I'm a Flames fan too! LOL
Videoshoot on thru.#Tablet....I just Need to stay focused and make sure I make this qoute...
No TE's taken in 1st round this year and last year. First time since '98/'99 drafts that no TE's in back-to-back 1st rders taken
what is it? My phone is being a Marty Lightner and not working... Not wanting to load it.
#weightofthenation What is the SD obesity rate?
sounds delightful!
Go Yanks!! Bronx Bombers All.The.Way!
Yes,FANSHOES my company will be at our 1st t-show @ Camex-Houston next week. Still working with my team in Asia on footwear samples
Trying to load all of our product on ebay and our website is a huge task, but if you can't see it we can't sell it!
Welcome to Twitter who is president of the Apartment Association of Greater Dallas....aka Follow him and them!
Do work today.
yea we been talkin since I got down here.......u goin to statefair0_o?
Mary Beth Schneider is live on talking about Lugar!
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never trained in the rain. SWEAT was insane tonight. I wish it was a little hotter though.
Rockin Dopsie is a heck of a wedding band.
It's frustrating that until a proper index is created, I need to know the exact address of relatives to find them in the '40 census...
I tweeted for you to follow me at 11:11 last night, will you make my wish come true? ;)
hehe , the whole time mrs. Marshall was talking all i heard was tu pac "how do you want it" ;D
That sounds like someone I know.
Would you like us to put you in touch with someone on our team to let you know when that info is available? #WantAnA7 :)
Grilled Chicken & Zucchini with Pesto...i love u~ Dinner was delish <3
I thought 23 people died trying to find the last gnome. I might be misremembering events.
"A glass for the vodka, for the beer a mug, and for the table, cheerful company.”-Russian Toast. OKT Denver to feature its first vodka bar!
I'm so sorry to hear that Bob! Hope everything turns out ok.
ML is a total badass! MT : any friend of Here enjoying the draft beer - would love to meet you!
MSW, Coal Plants Could Bring Hundreds Of Jobs To Marion County
thought that was exciting and made u hard. Now I know death aint exciting and working a real job and raising a family is HARD.
CONSEQUENCES. Just watched DH. That was amazing. Thanks for that.
Kids at Horizon Middle School- no Honor Band practice on 2/15 for President's Day!
Sign I'm getting old: I don't get the appeal of Bruno Mars. Six Grammy nominations?!
Party last night and party today!
At Costco. Kill me.
is it just you? You can stay with us! We're moving closer to the city by then.
#TheWantedOnLENO #TheWantedOnLENO #TheWantedOnLENO #TheWantedOnLENO SO PROUD!! It's going to be on my b-day! Please follow
1:16: TODAY WORKED ON ON A NEW CUT OF MY LAST FILM, THE SHOTS PLAN FOR MY NEXT FILM, AND THE TREATMENT FOR THE ONE AFTER THAT.
Watching a really gay movie, only reason I'm still watching it is cause I'm watching it with
Check out #sharktank -- season 3 premieres tonight right now!
Ultra Petroleum Tops, Rev Lags - Analyst Blog
Happy New Year to all :)
Deloitte is investing in Teleclassrooms that are optimized for linking classrooms worldwide. $1 per person per hour of learning.
i think so...at 6
Drove to the supermarket. DFW folk, It is true what the are saying on TV and Radio. Just stay inside and off the roads.
Dont be upset and caught up in something u cannot change. Instead, move on and smile. U deserve to be happy.
I obliviously still like u dickhead.
outstanding. Don't terrorize your niece too much :)
@ @ rise above
Tomorrows a new day
Running With Country Music All-Stars: A Running Playlist - Yahoo! Sports
"Divorce and the surreal journey into the unconscious"
Don't let the wind blow and sand and dirt in your mouth! :-)
straight in...
Going into the delivery room...should know in about an hour or so!
Virginia up on Liberty 4-0 after 4 complete innings.
technically, you DID, but don't worry I got chu! >:D
Is the lockout over is there going to be football
First question of #wineweb : "What is the value of a person?"
Hell no that one scared me as a kid, with all the people melting. That was serious stuff for the young crowd. Good for them.
(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!
#AdvMailSvc is ready to provide the best set of services to assist our customers with their business goals & objectives. (505) 899-3104
I'm sorry my English isn't verry good, because I'm from Holland. :$ And I'm 14 years old. :$
Sleep tight Kris. I'll be a 5am alarm clock again getting ready for work, hahah.
I hope something good happens today.
Yes, once I have fully tested it and think it's stable enough (this summer?)
TY! You are a great friend. I hope you are well. Some day perhaps we will meet face-to-face!
Better be! :)
that shows how silly it is, fundamentally. Although at least it knows you're not a bot.
There should be a list of reasons why women should not be truck drivers.stupid bitch almost killed me and everyone else on the freeway
#NECB's undergrad instructors have a 95% effectiveness rating. Start Monday and see why our students are so happy! Call 1-617-303-6942
I'd love to watch the #Caps play in B'more, but not for $62/ticket at First Mariner Arena. Last year, they ran out of food & soda.
No Safe Way to Text and Drive for Teens
hi Jason!(:
Man as much as I love being in this convo about working out, you can stop including me
fairly big audience, fairly small Conan set haha
Jack, thanks for the laugh. I don't know if it's ironic or prophetic, but it's funny the way you put it. Steve
yea :/ just trying to let it go :p how are u handling it ?
Wow could I ask you for a follow bruh & ask you a question?
TELL ME ABOUT HIM
I'm getting concerned about Djokovic. Murray looks like he might be able to hang in there.
I love it when my upstairs neighbors have jumping-up-and-down contests.
Board retreat last night. A focused and empowered board is the foundation of any non profit success. Privileged to be part of the team
just saw a walien out my window
I didn't even recognize in her new icon omg
Stick a fork in the #Coyotes! Two goals for the #kings might as well be a 12 goal lead at this point!
Maryland has got the lead again, good game.
TABOO HAS LEFT THE BUILDING!
Lack of food, lack of sleep, abundance of Passion Pit. Let's study some bio.
Yes yes yes! Can't wait to catch up! Will email you this week!
Old people always on the sneak as soon as I leave the room she's on the sneak. Acts like she can't walk but when I'm away she rally's
2 people in a relationship can never be happy without some ex trying to brake them up -___-
Am I the only person that actually cracks up to the jokes on Popsicle sticks?
hahahah but i wish he did :)
I'm worried about the bullpen already. Not a good start that our closer is out 3 to 4 months before the season even opens.
is basking in seeing her actors at Luna Stage!
YES SIR
We're looking forward to seeing everyone tonight at 8pm for tasting event of new cocktail. Please DM for more info.
Centro Hispano's annual dinner is tonight! Empowering our
Lmao RT Bosh is so Stupid for taking a step back 3 pointer with the game on the line
"I Believe I Can Fly, Got shot by the FBI" who remembers singing this?
Well played !
We took Jack on a NYC Subway uptown to his next meeting. Maybe can tweet the picture.
Red Palace tonight w/ the French band Revolver at 830.
The official phone number for is (1)(619) 7958794 Dial NOW to find out more about Thai Healing Arts
Welllp I'll probably need a new job here soon if they can't promote me to daytime... I can't continue to wake up so early everyday
I am looking to rent a space for a tattoo shop preferably in Essex County NJ or within the Bronx NY. Please keep your eye out for locations.
do you think DT leaving drops #Ducks out of top 5?
Night owl? Complete your coursework at 2 am. Early bird? Study while the sun rises! Call 1-617-603-6942 and start a degree on Monday!
pray for you sis
#NLCATLANTA As we have all heard...Video increases your sales...and connections...let me know what i can do to help ya
I'm still tagged in this tho...
Ripped jeans skin was showing
nun for yall to follow me
,,,,errbody go follow
#SUCCESS The moment you realize that your entire life has been a mistake...it becomes exactly what it needed to be!
Why is there a "mommy war"? This is insanity.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?x
Picked a good day to work
Okay, we get it "Tiger Mom", you don't take shit from your 4 yer old. Just, do you have to let everyone else know he is a fuck up?
Huang: Baker's grass roots organizing philosophy was egalitarian and democratic, pushing boundaries on gender, looking critically at class.
it all makes me sick. How did we let it get this wrong?!
that your girl? ima make a woman of ha
Photo contest! Ur shot of Kentucky Club (on Ave. Juarez) could be the cover for Benjamin Saenz' newest book. send2
Hilarious video! Glad you are ok though.
Me too
Another thing I'm #notafan of..that CenturyLink commercial that's playing on all the stations. Srsly, that female singer is really annoying.
Nope, not "The Man". Just don't have the time this season due to travel schedule, plus...
Also, as always, Hugs will be free.
I wish this week was over already
I will.
I may have read "My cock is so pathetic."
Never despise small beginnings. Some of the greatest accomplishments in life once started out small.
Follow me/unfollow me/Follow me again. Isn't supposed to stop ppl from playing these games? Here, let me block you...
Happy Administrative Professional's Day! Thanks for all you do!
Forgot mom's gift? Still time to design a Happy Mother's Day t-shirt. It's the thought that counts, she'll love you for that.
Love without trust is like an ipod without songs...pointless.
#hollywood RT : RT : Just heard your song on v100 !
thanks for thinking of me Amelia! Awesome!
Hey Lebron. Don't. Get. Married.
Upcoming performance this Saturday for a 40th Anniversary Dinner Dance. No rehearsal the following day, Sunday the 15th
Wtf. Why does my twitter keep randomly unfollowing people?!?
Also needs to enable editing or deleting of "notes" that have been brought in with contact.
great video :) Have fun today!
My followers should know that I quote songs
Red eye flights- no traffic on way to airport, short lines all around, quietude in terminal, sound sleep on plane...what's not to love???
All the freaks in the house... RT!!
I JUST NEED SOMEBODY TO LOVE
you're so lucky! I was supposed to go sometime in August but the dates didn't work out for me :(
I just wanna go a little deeper..
One up down what a concept
thank you :)
I'm already out of school...lol
At the #chulavista Rotary get together. Nice way to spend a Saturday afternoon!
They made an "exception" for me. I guess they either felt bad or maybe just saw how many Apple products I own… lol. ;)
Fowler 1 under thru 1. I'm afraid watching golf is gonna win out over studying for an exam.
Check out Partners in Diversity #pdx Logo
I find it lame RT : Anyone else loving The Voice?
Probably not, but there's a small chance I will wander that way.
pre-post prime appreciation!
from what I'm hearing I have no doubt you'll like
boy bye!!! would you rather me be the Manipulative Menace on #BadBoysClub yeah i already thought of my name..
Im cool with the guy asking the girl out, but the girls HAVE TO text first. Its just a
Awesome #BradRichards interview on #WFAN rite now
Watching all this college basketball makes me wanna be playing in march madness so bad.
thanks for the #ff!
#ihavenotolerance for chicks and their dicks! Be your own person not a followfashion monkey!
I see that you are really dedicated to the 3 block radius around P & 14 this weekend
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears- Anne Roiphe
and no, I won't try to fuck your boyfriend. I am way too cool for him.
Don't usually watch Show but this interview with is great.
Wow, really bitch? How are you going to have the audacity to ask me that
ok. Let me know.
": How was everyone's Cinco de Mayo?" Cinco de Mayo weekend is great and still rollin today!
The problem with most people is they sit around car ing about what ppl think about them they change to satisfy others. Then theres me; yolo
hey I saw the cute pic Tonya took of you. Where is that tshirt from? Did you do urban assault?
I love being outside ☺☀👌
I think I have bulimia....
Bron bricking free throws.
#Fml woke up and went to the bus stop waited there for like 20 mins and then found out theres no school cuase we don't have power -_-
I love coming on Twitter and seeing your tweets. They always make me smile... see ---> :)
awesome!!! I like when they have the featured dancers
When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things you've done recently!
This is for the civilians...the porn industry has nothing to do with this.
Congrats man! I'm excited to learn more about the next step.
Damnit! Apparently played at Shank Hall on Thursday and I didn't even know about it! What is wrong with me?
But Jesus didn't write those. So they're false, and lies, and Satan created those parallels to fool you.
I was asking to write a song? Not you in particular but girls in general these days!
make that two of 'em! you'll slay them either way.
Oh my god, my last 3 conference papers have disappeared. Symptom of dropbox use and multiple computers, forgetting which file was an orignal
Enjoying somewhat warmer weather.
The REPUBLICANS are having a hard TIME accepting WOMEN'S RIGHTS, GAY RIGHTS, EQUAL RIGHTS, and an AFRICAN AMERICAN PRESIDENT. GO FOR IT!
good mornin beautiful
lol I feel you
Steve Marriott been a favorite since Small Faces days, He did a song in a later HP line up "Fool For A Pretty Face" Fantastic
Well, I'm officially registered for #Marathon #2!!! Yikes! Time to get to work!! I need to channel my inner
Just set up a Words With Friends account. No turning back now, I'm going to end up Scrabbling forever.
the candler rd flea market has be knock down
Since I've been in Giant Eagle I've heard BSB NSync & Britney Spears
is giving the "starting a community laboratory 101" overview
I freestyle lyrics while I'm playing guitar, then I wish I would have written them down cause they're always like hella good! Then I forget.
Dear 's Yes, I do want my penny in change! Tell your employees to quit taking it upon themselves to give themselves a tip!
Ready to see our payment switch in action? Reply or DM to contact us.
Anybody in Longview got a room I can use for a couple weeks?
On my way to the gym todays double feature!
I'm down like james brown if you can get me a fuckin Twinkie!!
“ Most people are about as happy as they make up their mind to be. ” — Abraham Lincoln
I am kind of in the same boat, so post the career switch tips for everyone once you have them!
LMAO!! Really though?!? Except I changed my password so it won't help you much haha. I gotta update you on it lol
Im mad i didnt see you tonight trick!
Chicks dig the long ball. #hittersnotpitchers RT : Colby Lewis is good at giving up that Home Run Ball
that sounds like a good idea
not unless fear makes me happy
Man m
Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life
Tired. Sick. Back hurts. People making me mad. AND school tomorrow. Ugh.
This time again qualities of leadership
Great article. I've been saying this for years.
Breezy day + my parked car next to flowering tree + open windows = a suddenly very romantic backseat.
Ok sweet I'll check it out
I still haven't asked her yet. I am when she gets home. I made dinner. So she should be happy.
Sewing and emails. Hoping this doesn't take up all of my Sunday...
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas....unless your friends posts it on Facebook.
If she's amazing she won't be easy...if she's easy, she won't be amazing!~Unknown
Hate being there for sum folks, they forget&really dont knw how to be here for me, #AMAZING! A few words of encouragement goes a long way.
No solid food since 7pm last night and won't have anything but clear liquids until at least 14:00 tomorrow. IMA BE CRANKYPANTS TODAY! >:-[
nicely written. She seemed to be a great lady.
is now tweeting her "Things in Marx" project !! ★☆
we're wondering the same thing! Hopefully we'll have an answer for you soon!
40oz beer, Monster energy drink, bout 6 now n laters, sprite. And POW 4 loko. I refuse to believe.
Okay guys this is the time my friend is gone till friday and we r racing to 1000 followers... Please help me with shouties and follows! Win!
do you recommend anyone specific for metal engraving? I want to do my shovel rockerboxes. Thanks bro
Will you be my Valentine?
RT : ": Sam, Sam, Sam..why do you skip over #SanDiego? #WheresTheLove" ( CLD NEVER forget SD! :)
did you get me email . . .were you able to figure it out?
You're dealn with a person with two traits from cancer and Gemini so uve got a dual personality sensitive dominant protective chick no bueno
Thanks again for a great weekend Paso!
Oh boy...here we go...lol RT My show got his mind right! LOL
Are you too hip for the Moontower Fest? Come out to on Wed. at 8 PM at Cheer Up Charlie's and feel like an Austin insider.
- look at the bright side, you're so hot it shows...lol
Beta Fish Fry . Tonight - Lake Perch from Sweet Water Organics
*fingers crossed* that my car is ready today!
yea I saw that. They talkin about it here. I don't know how I feel about it
should have been an All-American too.
He's running better ... seriously. RT : And then Helton goes first to third. Oooohaah, he'll be sore tomorrow.
NICE! Miss you guys. Love from MI
thanks bud!!!
Allow me to reiterate what everyone is saying: The Straw Dogs remake poster is insulting to everything.
the #Mavs is conserving energy for clutch time.
Hey guys -Diamond :)
fascinating! Is your work geared towards any particular consumer products?
cool guys that would be great cant wait to hear it
email sent! Thanks for responding!
I just laughed out loud right now.
Yo You Need Some Contacts Son, Cause Them Glasses Look Like They Can Pick Up Cable
Dragonball Evolution- highly entertaining. Terrible, but entertaining.
Ugh, I bind this headache in Jesus' name... (But imma take this Tylenol too just in case)
Thank you, ! Good to be here!
Damn headache.
I keep hearing about "The U" & I believe all that it is awesome! I didn't see yet, but I have it DVR'd and will check it out next week.
Missing bigdaddy hardcore right now.
I'll be ur crying shoulder,I'll be loves suicide I'll be better when Im older,I'll be the greatest fan of ur lfe
Good morning! Hope everybody is off to a good week. If not I got good and bad news. Good news: It's only Monday. Bad news: It's ONLY Monday!
Your play on words has made me laugh. Did you know that it is a sign of great intelligence? I have no doubt, in your case.
lol now yknow what u would say to ur mom to tell her to make you a sandwich :P
Yes! You answered my question before I could ask it.
RT : Make your resume easier to read by bulleting accomplishments under each position/company.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
It's one of those days where I got dressed, hated what I put on, knew I would hate it all day, but didn't change. Ugh.
That makes sense - workaholics are dedicated and determined while clock watchers seem committed only to what they must do.
Steve Nash checks out to a bit of an ovation with 3 minutes left in the third. Did he just play his final minutes as a Sun?
Bokura ga Ita. The jury is still out, but if the season ended right now (episode 7) i wouldn't recommend.
Immersed in
im sorry, which story are you referring to?
RT Good Morning !!! Count your blessing not what you don't have and God will help you out !!! 🙏🙏😁😁
I wanted both Jamar and Juliet to be on the show together so heartbreaking!
Tea for dinner and attempting to watch a chick flick. It's been a Monday all over.
We do ship, check us out @ www.hubigs.com!
this is so perfect!! Is this in your nursing book?
Hamsters can have sex up to 75 times a day. I wanna be a Hamster!!
always thankful for what i have i am truley blessed.
Thanks to fire marshall Bill AKA husband, I am now certain that the fire alarms in our house do not work
No I'm not going to hide her cause then I can't make fun of the dumb crap she posts
thank you <3 I'm praying things get better.
Bloody Mary, eggs, sun, beach and good peeps! This is my heaven in the morning!!
- Oh smdh . & Im Hipp . She Talk too much shit
Remember, society considered women as all liberal radicals. 
Gonna get my hair did!
We are open at 11:30 this morning! Come say hi to Lora and get 30 to 50 percent off clothing!
How the heck am I supposed to quote Faulkner? His sentences are as long as my whole essay...
Good afternoon. What are you reading this month? We picked up a copy of Hunter S. Thompson's Fear and Loathing.
Thx for the add! Much appreciated!
“: Who’s not looking forward to waking up tomorrow?” Maybe its just me, but this seems very emo and morbid.
Decepticons were much better fighters when I was a child
Having a good Mothers Day so far :)
Y is it ok 2 #bail out #wallstreet when I say I need some help w/ #rent they tell me 2cut the #pork & get 2nd job, work harder!
blount with a touchdown, lets hope the guys upstairs get it right
lmfao omg u blonde
has my heart ❤. I fucking love this guy.!
#Imagine You're with Harry at the beach watching the sunset. When he suddenly turns around & grabs your hand ''Will you marry me?''
what's there to write about? Chuck (as and call him), is GOD and Flynn is awesome backup
The pop-up store will enliven Bridgeport, which has no a bookstores. Volunteer run, profit from affordable books pays rent!
what is this i hear that you guys are taking the off the air starting next week? is this true?
I'm marrying Madison Alamia <3(,:
I think I'm going to write an ode to cereal. I love this stuff! , your #redberries rock!!!!
Thanks, Shirley! Can't wait for *your* redesign.
Yes, we unschool at home. Child-led interests, natural learning.
Happy #fathersday to all the amazing dads out there :)
Maybe you need to relearn chess while drinking. Context learning and all that. Would at least be pleasant to try.
our pleasure. You deserve all the success you're having! ^ag
There is nothing like
OH: The people who comment on trending topics are trolls.
whoa, brutal much. Jk. But people should be forced to read this chapter cuz its so good :D
Fuck It I'm Going To GEt A Tatto that Says "Lady Gaga For Life" Fuck My Parents
Closed today. Getting the new grill installed and taking longer than expected. I should be open tonight 10p-3am
Go WHITE!
I am asking a lot of questions of CFSA about staffing levels.
You guys are ruthless. I mean I am too. I've made people cry. But I don't do it anymore because I'm not THAT kindve a dick
Finished a new piece, 'The Vorpal Sextet', a tribute to Charles Dodgson. Soon to appear on my web site, but not tonight, yawn.
$129 for a replacement MBP battery? No thanks Apple Store, I'll seek out cheaper alternatives. Still love the machine after 3.5 years tho.
There are a few flight schedule delays but mostly all clear at LAS. Check in lines and security are short and movin!
I LOVE YOU YOUR THE MOST DOWN TO EARTH ,CUTE FUNNY, SMART ,HOT, SEXIEST ,AND SWEETEST GUY EVER!!!!!!!!(:
Move to Philly!!
You can Fear Anything But Do not Fear Failure!
that's not gonna be awkward
I left the office so I could work on the couch. Still working though!
I loved seeing your face on commercials when I was home for the holidays. Made me smile!!
My son was also born with a CHD. He's 4 now.
Come to de Vere's Irish Pub at 1:30PM if you wanna be in the background of their new website!!!
6 items you should look for in an online job board ...
I dnt got one
deleting certain ppl who shows no interest!
Women vs Men hires - sexy vs not - today only on #DTHR and the "creep" factor
Does it piss you off when white kids say the n word?
Aww thanks. Takes epic to know epic. Can't wait for the #Ballard location to open!
Payless Shoes poised to sell itself
Anderson: Sophie, Apple iBook - thinking about design and presentation - Scalar about information architecture as primary goal
A big hello to our newest followers - we've followed back
SFO-PDX via for #sakefestpdx -- join us portlandia! maybe hit up or late night.
Haha yes :p
& i'm just full of surprises! it was wonderful to visit you both at your respective institutions :)
You're a bacon of a banana!
sick movie!
i miss talking to you to sis !! its been so long
I can't wait to see my make up already
West Palm on Thursday! can't wait to start making mad money! $$$$
came home from new york on friday. going back to new york on wednesday. busy busy busy.
Why is it when it's 71 degrees outside it's hot, but when it's 71 degrees inside, it's FREEZING.
RT : They'll talk about you in the end so just do whatever the fuck you want.
a lot of these rappers hide behind $ because in reality, they lack self-confidence; however, there are some that are very confident!
Does anyone really though? :/
I'm extremely hungry!
I have my mom jamming to a snoop song. Lol
going all out!!!! no holding back this spirit bomb
I'm sick and tired of people who are sick and tired
We'd like to wish all of our Jewish friends a Happy Hanukkah!
Finally got the new phone!
And cake from my landlord to round out this fantastic Day of Mel. I needed today.
Trust me, there are mire than 12 people with extrodinary memories........& it's many times a curse. Up side? No need for photo albums.
Justin is the new Justin. Mouseketeer Justin, come back!
Way to go, "I'll Have Another"!!! Derby Day 2012!
Chubby people have to be chased because you know damn well they ain't chasing shit. Except cake.
Bay Buchanan - broken clock
you look like a lot like ur mom! :)
Congrats Chargers on clinching the conference today
40 wpm is pretty good to start. You might be interested in our app's advanced lessons.
you too! Let's keep in touch!
In the studio. Spongebob marathon.
getting comfortable with some new applications...
Many centrists today could have easily been right-wingers 20 and 30 years ago.
Yes, I meant Oscar...but all the same. Combined with his acting from the Blackhawks series he probably has a SAG Award too.
I have 3 boxes of those in my office. they make 10% better looking.
#warriordash was amazing! I will be there to win it next year!!
Keselowski gained over 50k followers since he started tweeting from the backstretch. crazy!
I would probably kill myself if I was a middle schooler right now
don't here all the smack talk now Frat! Lol Get prepared to take off YOUR license plate and flag.
I can not see you doing heroin!
appreciate that Kae!
Who can recommend a fun place near #ALA12 for a Meet-Up? It should be big enough and fun and not too expensive!
will be closing at 4PM today for a private event. The Rock Shop will remain open. The Hard Rock will reopen 5/14 at 11AM
honored to be the last supper 😚
vs. TRENDING
Not a good day 😔
Is that what the cool kids with the net books are doing? Man I'm bringing this thing to class tonight to look up patterns :)
I love that plays Creedence Clearwater Revival on my Jack Johnson channel.
Happy Mother's Day to the mothers in my life and the mothers in yours...
Livetweeting CFPB acting chief Raj Date's presser at the Cleveland City Club
Hi Congrats on the pending launch of your new concept.
Apparently being at work is code for naptime with some people.
Movie time 💢
I'm making cupcakes today in honor of National cupcake day!
huh, I thought ALA voting was done already. That'd be why I haven't seen results yet. GO VOTE if you haven't already.
Imma stop saying typing 'af' unless I need to shorten my tweet.
Looking forward to the workshop tonight. A lot of good Bicentennial Columbus starts on the docket.
Carrie& Lauren Fans follow! We need a twitter for them two! :)
Looking for vintage motel / diner signs in KC.
I'll be surprising the hot receptionist during today's fire drill with a realistic portrayal of "apply the salve"
Will a TMS work for multiple sites hosted on the same domain? ie mobile site vs full site
oh omg, bby I'm only staying more 20 minutes, so omg hurry up :( I need to talk to you!
I wish I were here this weekend but I will be in DC instead of here for SXSW. Back on Wed. Kyle = 512-246-9932
no! haha. Rounding to the next nickel...save us money or cost us more over time?
I'm very proud of the way my freshmen experimented with iMovie, Windows Movie Maker & other platforms 4 multimedia projects!
You ruined my funny :(
Delving into my dissertation research, and I am happy. Always reminded of what I love doing. I <3 history
It always amazes me how much trouble I have writing about myself.
DRIVE has been added to Netflix streaming and it's even in its proper 2.35:1 aspect ratio.
HAha Zac Efron dropped a condom on the red carpet walking into the Debut of his new movie, "the Lorax."
Nitemare of a day!
I feel sorry for the practice squad...even more than usual
RT : Don't forget to RT for a chance to win 2 tix to our #GreysBenefit for ! Official rules here:...
My southern client wants me to take her to Cedar Hill Kitchen Smokehouse restaurant in San Francisco
save me
Now off to LaGaurdia.
can the kid and I come hang at kids club? I'm too hungover for the playground.
#Diablo3 comes out Tuesday ^o^
RT : Psalm 18:47 "He is the God who avenges me, who subdues nations under me,"
waking up to greeny requesting to trade wade; lol
Now that I look back on it, Pokemon day care was a lot like a sex factory.
Artist occupations w/ highest projected growth rates: museum technicians and conservators (26%); curators (23%), landscape architects (20%).
That was the most swagged out way to announce your college decision.
Pop psych and pol correct have too much influence It goes without saying pharm have too much influence. Profit is bottom line.
you can always give the Beth's challenge another shot... open 24 hours a day.
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!! :)
Lunchtime! Fill up on fiber, don’t skip the beans. But you will skip the guilt.
Day of my sisters wedding. Where am I? Shopping with the groom for his outfit for tonight. Whew, what a busy week
couldn't agree more. Although he is trying to prove himself playing with that rib
New album: First rehearsal yesterday...New band members, Derek best drummer in town, session was great.
Did you know the Federal Voting Assistance Program uses our info to provide the facts to our troops and other Americans overseas?
I do everything for him....I guess that's not enough
Possible to love too much??
relaxin at the beach!
So sad that is over after tonight. It's been a staple in my life for so long.
you were suggested on twitter. :-)
Thanks everyone who took the time to audition for "The Glass Circle" Feb 29th via Skype.The auditions are still being reviewed at this time!
"No guy is worth your tears and the one who is would not make you cry"
We can’t change the past and what happened yesterday – we can absolutely change how those experiences impact us today and tomorrow
True true. :c
How about a follow from my Favorite Hawks Player
hey people ;)
you r bio says folow back when asked.. will you follow me back please? It will make my LIFE <3
LOVE LOVE LOVE your show!!!!! hope it stays on for YEARS to come!!!!
you are very welcome.
Actually, the song was "Get Down, Make Love."
Awkward Boner
Mom, is that you?
FLIGHT TO ISRAEL FOR BIRTHRIGHT OFFICIALLY BOOKED!! March 14-25!!!
": We're playing a show tonight at The Speakeasy in Lakeworth, FL" South FL friends u NEED to see this band! 7:30pm start!
but babe there ain't no way you're #gay :)
Thanks for the shout out. Made me smile.
Be back this summer, mein. Gonna link up wit FCC for some shows i think. RT " wasssup when u comin home"
Im doing good.
mind if i share this?
Become a better student of your own life! Great quote from one of my favorites Mr. Jim Rohn.
RT : Bo Boegle of PARC "carriers will make as much on the data plans for smart objects a they do for computers"
Happy birthday to Bob Stoops, or as I call him, Bobbylicious.
He definitely brought up the triple nines, the one enduring slogan from the "flavor of the month" club.
Let's talk about #occupy my big comfy bed right now.
i'm glad you finally decided to tell everyone about our baby!
I know, but we seem so distant anymore
The first week of June. I'm supa dupa excited.
#backtoreality today has been tough to get back into the swing of things!
dance was great!!! yall are great dancers and i hopr yall go far!!!
lol. I was looking for cling wrap to save some leftovers, and they said they don't use it. Go figure.
I want to hold you close, close to my heart <3
Hi it's Feather Ladë....post me some festive ideas for earrings, necklaces, etc., you would like to Rock this Holiday season. :)
Oh ok . -signs them bitches- 📩
congrats guys!!! Very happy 4 ya... See u back in Boston next wknd !
Way away away from here I'll be Way away away so you can see How it feels to be alone and not believe Anything
Inner SE is my favorite, but if you don't plan to drive/have a car, downtown is great too.
Today we feature something light and refreshing: Lemon-Herb Roasted Chicken. (it just isn't ready yet so we don't have a picture.)
wtf is going on? did all the hot hibernating santa maria girls decide to come out today?
Looking forward to it! Thanks for helping keep Ben January alive.
dude that chick ripped ass
My. Throat. Hurts. So. Bad. Omg.
": More #whitney news on "State of the Union" (9am ET/PT)"
SO PLEASED!
Please fallow my BFF
Can someone point me in the direction of good online resources for beginning to use Socratic seminars? #sschat thanks!
Hm..... RT Where can I buy an ugly Christmas sweater?
do I need to get shots before coming?
Don't get me wrong, I still care I just stopped showing it. I can only do so much when my effort isn't recognized.
& what ---> RT #Libra has a big need for variety. That means if they get bored with you, they'll try someone else.
Intuition is there even when my vision is impaired
Way to pick a great time to hide shit from me...
#SomeWhereOutThere is a goofy maug taking another pic of himself for Instagram inside with some shades on.
Omg Tyrus Thomas!!!!
OK, once the contract gets signed, I might reach out for more details. Thinking about a quick jaunt to Napa too.
#YouWereCuteUntil you came closer...
I've been so stressed out this week. I'm looking forward to my break from life seeing & tomorrow!
Ayers: "Surprised to become pres of Univ of Richmond"--the front edge of new DH inst leadership? Dean--provost-president fast track?
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO TWEETIES WHOSE READY TO DRINK 🍻🍺🍸🍶
Bought a superhero bath towel from last month. It arrived today and it's AWESOME! FYI, it's not for me.
FINALLY getting my carwashed!
Don't know why, but around this time every year I get an urge to grow a beard. That's odd right?
": I wonder if we'll see a team play offense like this against Ohio State the rest of the season." Florida could stroke it
get out if here!
brilliant halftime. better than ever.
My research paper will get finished at midnight the night before it is due
Oh, that's awesome!
yes! for once Jewels actually used the scratching post!
:) that's sweet of you, thanks...just been one of those weeks. I'm ready for summer really lol
Actually, #pdx could probably use one non-coffee-snob on the tourism board. And I prefer to think of it as refined taste.
getting ready for this move , and this music thing
RT : Getting back with an ex is like a buying ticket to watch a bad ending to a movie you've already seen.
Who knows how much partying will go on with your parents there :P but we'll try to get away with as much as we can
what's this SeaDog talk?
I'll miss Spanish class together, fun times!
awww...I love the bats! Enjoy!
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-5
Hollywood Studio Bar and Grill. Open mic tonight! Come on out!
US House is passing a budget making budget decisions. Dems in Senate will not consider it nor pass their own. Can't run a country this way.
I'm starting to realize how small I am.
beautiful morning
check him out.
It's okay. Wish it had HDMI support. Black Magic is amazing. :)
too much tv or overactive imagination. Either way, glad he was wrong!
Ha! That error cheats us out of 50% of our wins! Don't make that season any worse than it was... ;)
I lost control with that one :)
Yeah, but ya gotta start a tag somewhere!
tears in my eyes as Peyton Manning speaks....great player, great person
oh ok, ima be runnin around like
Jersey shore beavis and butthead commentary is hilarious!
Now I'm headed to #EmoryUniversity to talk in Hank Klibanoff and Brett Gadsen's class on cold civil rights cases.
Watching play Zelda for Nintendo 64. God I missed her so much.
Please contact our customer service they will be happy to help you het a replacement
Enjoy this beautiful Wednesday with a Stinky Gringo Margarita at
#econdebate Q: Are we seeing the result of 40 years of failed supply-side theory, or is this malaise the result of 3yrs of band aids on it?
Impressed (but not surprised) by the great speakers at the PMO conference
coming to see y'all in Dallas Texas!!! 40 days and counting!!!! 
Just the thought of school makes me sad.
another big question is what investigative reports look/sound like on a smartphone.
we will not be hanging out until the #stanleycup finals is over,
I don't think I'll ever live more than 1.5 miles from water ever again. #Running to the lake is my favorite.
you already look good!
oh thats right they actually said"kinda" my bad LOL
Beautiful warm day with blue sky in Birmingham today!
that sounds horrible.
Today! Trying to control everything is the best way to lose control of everything! Let life happen sometimes. You may actually enjoy it!!
I don't understand how your alibi to being accused of being a racist is "I'm Hispanic". Not a very good alibi if you want to say you're not.
what if I'm flying to the Caribbean? Just occurred to me that it might qualify as "other" & not wanted.
you have a amazing smile !(:
On the cusp of some extremely unique poker opportunities. Thank you
Next week? I'm out of town today. :( ": come get a free empanada then! Farragut Square at 11:30. Be there?"
"You can't be boring. Life is boring. The weather is boring. Actors must not be boring." --Stella Adler
In class early waiting for the teacher to start lecture
OMG! He's fat! Wft
OMG, I'm going to steal that dinner picture! Thanks for posting it!
Blah work
I need to start putting as a business reference. Tf am I doing in life?!
i was texting my friends dad on accident and i didnt even know who i was xD omg
Home game cash game just broke up, heading for the barn
I will let you know..... I well send you a message in little bit flight about to leave
SFSOB live in San Francisco. Tuesday nights 10-2am @ Infusion Lounge on 124 Ellis St. I'll be one of your bartenders. come and party
AW YEAH RT : Mercy+Jose = severe case of badassness
Your next shot to go to Oahu and see where filmed is happening at 6:56p!
#SaySomethin is trending worldwide! :)
this kendrick concert is gonna be live.. thats lowkey my favorite artist right now
RISE N SHINE!
what's good do u follow back
There's always that friend that is always there for you whenever you need them. Tomorrow it's time for you to be there for them 💘
sometimes i forget that i'm stalking peoples TL and i'll retweet people that aren't even them and then it gets even more awkward
Ha! Thanks for noticing! Happy New Year!
where's the meetup!
The weekend is almost here! Where are you planning on spending it? May we suggest our patio with a nice cold beer in hand?
Your Weird O.O !
Just finished my 3rd...count it 3! articles now on Associated Content. Only 310 to catch up with you! tomorrow...lol
Don't stay home on this gorgeous Seattle night! Join us for free trivia nite. Gr8 food & drink specials ~ 8 -10pm. Prizes!
Never date a boy or girl who goes to your school its mad drama! Everyone in they momma is in your buisness even the freaking teachers smh
S/O to the people who unfollowed me and you guys are cool
ok I'll study too even though I won't know what y'all r talking about lol
Key 3rd down here for the Cardinal.
Happy Flag Day. Display Ol' Glory!
Listening to Real Time with Bill Maher
Did you go? I agree it was spread out; BUT there were a TON of things to do. Several Packers bars, pep rallies, etc....
I hope my mom likes her presents...
New exhibit! Details coming soon...
HEALTH-Are there any other deductibles or access fees besides my Hospital Deductible? 1/15 ?'s to ask when buying ins www.theprofittrap.com
how bout dem Os kenny
It's so beautiful outside!
We've seen Joe Torre from about seventeen angles, but we can't get a shot of the strike zone when Obama throws the first pitch?!? Nonsense!
you should write moar(;
Happy CD-RW Day.
I love you too, baby! :-)
Girl I just wanna see you strip right now cause its late babe
can i get funny quote from heath slater please
I wish they would say what the Yellow is specifically for
#occupycoffee it's Monday!
So windy
First time home in a week...and it's 100 degrees. Pretty sure it's going to be near impossible to get me off this couch.
Balls and strikes should be called by a computer.
RT - JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS SO IS THEY ANY GOOD, WORTH PAYING FOR A TICKET TO SEE THEM PLAY, STADIUM 20MINS AWAY FROM MY HS..
I'm going say he runs 4.43.
"Yes, you're mad, bonkers, off your head. But I'll tell you a secret... All the best people are."
Been fucking wit the money since 4:30 pm yesterday now it's time to get sum sleep!!
GOD and I are definitely on the same page. That relationship begins with me knowing GOD is the page, the ink, and the whole book.
#vaforum12 Next up: Scott Jost of Bridgewater on "Source and Confluence: Virginia Waterways and the Chesapeake Bay Watershed."
PPS I've worked here for 21 months and there's never been a problem before.
So it's new jack Citi for the opponents. Where's Judd Nelson and Ice-T?
Those look great!
I wanna be an astronomer.
Well. Insurance does pay for Viagra, Cialis and such more often than it covers the pill. What does that make men?????
Time you get the courage to follow your own dream, because doing what THEY love to get what YOU want will always leave you wanting.
Blogging is now becoming one of the new ways of making money online - Bloggers are ringing in the cash maybe you can to?
Ok so today is not a good day 4 yrs ago my dad died and I never got to see him or even say goodbye I miss u dad and I love you watch over me
I injured my knee while sleeping so feel free to ask me your health and fitness questions.
Time for the hagiography for Reagan's 100th BDay. He sold weapons to Iran to support death squads in Nicaragua, against the law!
Wow!!! Ok, now THAT was a exhibition of Hollywood capability! Awww and now I'm going to have nightmares :( scary movie! But good, but scary!
*fingers crossed* & yeah ill convice my madre cuz she wanted to this summer but no :/ & It was good spent it with fam & fri ...
Rough morning. I shouldn't be in this much of a bad mood this early in the morning. 😡
he a faga :P
OH MY GOD I KNOW RIGHT
Hey I just wanted to say that my girlfriend who died recently loved you and I have so much respect for you.
The sales guy at Verizon saw my school staff badge today and gave me a 25% discount for being a teacher. Thanks Verizon!
Michael Paul Britto talks about his analog beginnings showing video art at Rush Arts.
It takes all of us to worship and read the word of God!! (=
Stop and take a couple of slow, deep breaths, and spend a moment contemplating gratitude
But when a ten-year married man looks happy, we wonder why
TSOI-NY/NJ caught FRONT LINE ASSEMBLY show but missed 1/2 cause they went on 20 min b4 9! #whatisupwiththat!
Thanks for the translation!
Prayers & support fir the family , friends, & fans for Sarah J Burke. A shining beacon on light put out much too soon. Shine on us.
but i think the last one i made is the right one forever
where can you get volume 1
Haha nah, just looking on the bright side
Drinking with the fam for the first time! Why because I can ! Lol o
lol we aint go! Cause they aint wanted to make tht drive so i macked on fat hoes till i gt bored
Things to do on Saturday, May 5
is turning over a new leaf today.
How many times do u have to remind ur ex...THEY R AN EX???!!!
I miss you already . Have fun 4 me . & tell miss you wt the BULLSHIT
#ndpl "collaboration is the engine that drives change" meg bellinger
"it's a party"? I think?
(cont.) adults through reducing stress; and seniors by “exercising” the brain.
yeahp, just for the weekend
If there wasn't spell check i would be the kid everyone's laughs at on fb and twitter cause i suck ass at spelling
has tomorrow off!!!
#4 i know you heard this before, never get high on your own supply
Adolescence is perhaps nature's way of preparing parents to welcome the empty nest. - Karen Savage and Patricia Adams
I don't know where you got your opinion, but I hope you kept the receipt.
