the rich and poor ignore each other but a house divided cannot stand. rigorous and tailored education for the lower class is the only answer
Why are you holding your balls, bietch.
You can never be too kind.
I hope the weather in NY changes this weekend. I do not like how I will be there, and its going to be colder than Kentucky. WTH!!!
At the doctors gettin my 1st ultra sound
"Tea Party: We're 'Coming Back With A Vengeance' #huffpost As soon as they crawl out of Boston Harbor.
Colonial Virginia has some amazing thrift stores and some horrible stop lights.
thanks man! Just packed up your order! :)
Remind me when I slip.. Time to let it go
Ahh...you're not intelligent. This explains much. Good day, Sir
Can't stand it when people pronounce ogle to rhyme with boggle instead of mogul. C'mon, y'all, SERIOUSLY?!
Nothin' hotter than that Catholic schoolgirl uniform. A priest who taught at my school used to wear one.
Sadly, I'm working late & we live in north county - about 40 min from the city, so I don't think it'll work out. :-(
Thanks, Ben!
The Easter bunny is coming to #Brookhaven , more details soon!
Still watching #KCA justin being slime dunged and omg im so luving #oneDirections performance.<3 it!
iPhone or G1? That is the question...
Monday night is Service industry Night 9pm-close 30% off EVERYTHING for service industry workers @ Jade Monkey
Best name so far announced... Alysha B Friesen ...last name pronounced Freezin
I'm takin my dog to the V-E-T!!! His mind..."dat spells WALK!!!" <XXXCMShortboyXXX>
If anyone wants an early lunch we are here and will be open around 10:15 Charles & Baltimore
I am not a "gamer" but give me a few hours in my apt alone, a game where I can kill zombies and a bottle of water and I'm good.
Saying bye to my best friend and knowing I may not see him again was just as painful as it sounds
Oh, equality for LGBT will be the topic.
Had a good day hanging out with Francis at my place! Ba Ba love your sheep noises ;)
Our Mobile Adoptions Unit will be at Long Leash on Life today from 12-3! 9800 Montgomery Blvd NE # ABQ
Not even going to lie. This warm weather is kinda freakin me out!
I feel like a robot! Work it harder make it better
I'm about to cry for her.
start practicing that ape yell! Congrats!
Good idea. Good bat and we don't need him at first. RT : Valentine says team might have L. Anderson in outfield in Triple-A.
Yeah, as long as you're using your Nike+ it'll keep track. :)
I thought you were just a "Yankee"... get it?
My car's faster and sportier than yours so get out of my way!
of course ikea burbank doesn't carry patio furniture. I just have to inconvenience myself and drive a super long way to get them....
The Playoff Season is off to a "Flying" Start! Let's Go !
Uh oh, I have 666 followers. Time to shut down for the night? o_O
I guess I better learn to spell. I meant yolks instead of yokes. totally different meanings! lol
yeah def. better, I mean the guy's got a TD tonight. Speaking of ASU Fri night football, no Cal game tonight?
However, very jealous of all the awesome to come at #marac11 -- will live vicariously through tweets.
It's unanimous!
I cant wait til that muthafucka die..he needs to just get out the fuckin picture..causing stress and shit..fuckin dick head.
#wiproblems the beer in my fridge is to good to boil my brats in!
your right. Im sorry.
Funny how some people call themselves parents yet,,they never seem to have their kids.
“ Cosmic bowling use to be the shit,then we all turned 21”i just went not to long ago lol
": i love bieber" I love his conda ;)
Oh, can I be Ryan?!?
Tagline on MSNBC now, "Huge crows gather in Cairo, demanding Mubarek step down." I love typos
Help us get our name out to all your friends and we will give you tasty eat treats at all of our shows.
so good!
Make love to me with my stilleto's on ..
o ok , lol
Currently working with on the redesign of theory.com (on Demandware) while building a new biz.
what happened with brothas back in the days with missing teeth.. they didn't have a chance in the world of staying out of trouble.. dag.smh
Definitely one of the most intense and slightly disturbing episodes I've seen.
Today's Special: The Twilight Dog - Zoe's All Natural Beef Frank with Cream Cheese Grilled Onions & Mama Lil's Peppers
More like oppressive rather than impressive. As in, playing all day in oppressive heat and humidity. Does keep me young tho.
ok thanks
Dispatches from Qatar: finding your feet in a foreign land
seems a likely scenario that a founder might not want to sell, but the majority of the board/investors would overrule them.
& babies! RT : Secret to success: cat videos.
I just watched the finale & cried ):
I want to duet Volcano SO BAD
The everyone been taking a break and getting me time will resume shout outside and everything else tomarrow afternoon
thanks for reminding me! And I'm so glad you like strengths finder. It works! Love u girl
I am very tired. Not a complaint, just a fact.
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
This storm sucks debris balls.
My taxi drivers name is yaqoob how do you even pronounce that shit?
nice try I'll always be a fan. til the day I die.
Now for some lunch!
New iPad has 5MP Camera similar to iPhone 4S
Not the same with out you either and thursday seems soo far awaay :'''( We need to watch A Walk to Remember btw !!!
High 2U2 Mary Jane RT RT Living 2day like Half-Baked the movie...
I feel your pain may god bless you every minute of every day.
Maybe you're stuck because you're finished and you don't realize it yet. Looks finished to me.
hahahahhaaha that was really funny! :D
i have so many thoughts in my head. one good emotion but many thoughts.
I cant deal with this anymore! I'm so sick of getting played
Can't wait to get this unpacking done so that I can get back to my course prep.
...cuz 10 years from now, it's not gonna matter if you had 100,000 subscribers on youtube
point taken; response bcause at 200K+ apps are beyond the reach of all but most well-funded humanities orgs
Never a good feeling to be on an ancient plane
It's Fat Tuesday! Jack keeps taking off his shirt at the office & I don't have any beads so I just blew my glitter powder in his direction.
she was hot! I had one on Shawn hahaha.
Laughin with somebody > laughin at somebody
You know just in case I land a part on smash next season LOL!! Hey a man can dream!!!
In a meeting today with 3 technical fellows in MSFT (amongst others),including the latest addition…Raghu (Yahoo's ex-Chief Scientist).
Now he's talking about buying $140 board shorts at Barney's.
Honestly Hootsuite can do almost all of that. It might be worth a closer look...
You'd Better Believe It.
In a cab midtown bound. LETS Paint This Picture!
Tomorrow is the Relay for Life for out team at SAC. Hope you can join us for all the fun in support of the American Cancer Society!
"The universe will reward you for taking risks on its behalf." -Shakti Gawain
hey Christopher, more football less legalese. Shouldn't you be previewing the game tonight or drafting an OM or something?
you do know it's spelled 'sophomore' not 'sophmore' ....right?
Chris Paul is thinking we got this!
the most accurate tweet that was made all day over here guys.
can you post it on here. I didn't get to listen.
Short film by local artist Russel Richards will be screened tonight at 10 pm. The film is entitled "Bride of the Fly".
Lee Silsby Compounding pharmacy is the leader for quality compounded medications for autism.
Today, I saw a commercial for the Snuggie. I thought it was stupid idea, but I couldn’t change the channel because I was under a blank...
🎀💟🐘 and Tiny Elephants!
Exactly, I hate that. I feel sorry for people who don't get it.
These girls are pretty much the greatest:
Yea! Finally have a twitter account! Who wants to follow me?! :)
New term - "geospammers" / via
If you have a Bloomy's card or Macy's card cut it up now before they cut you up... I am sick and tired of being treated Like a criminal.
I'm not 14-16 but I like the "Watch The Signs" script, is it okay for me to work on it and submit it?
We have THE BEST regulars in the city! Sorry, every other restaurant!
Wrapping an Isagenix event at the Lynnwood Con Cntr with Michael Clouse, Joni Brewer and other leaders in networking!
Last day in NYC- what are we doin today Mindel?
How's the editing going? Excited to see it!
I need a hug and a dr pepper. That be nice.
We rented a Ford Fusion with Sync... And I gotta say Sync is really awesome and the Fusion is pretty great as well. #NextCar?
Any thoughts on Dan Patrick citing sources saying Braun could be and should be found innocent?
lol yeah I used to think u would take long naps during the day and then not get tired at night LOLOL
why are people so god damn bitchy...
Dear John now, Footloose later<333
It was that one movie with Morgan Freeman that was so deep and thoughtful and Mogan played the deep and thoughful guy, u know?
When is that guy from the Men's Wearhouse commercials gonna clear his throat?
THIIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN I PRAYED FOR THIS TYPE
I hate to jump on that bandwagon... But we need a culture change in KC. If he's so committed, then prove it....
haha your a very lucky girl! Ppltofollow
oh. my. god. this database is so slow. why can't companies make library applications that aren't SO SLOW?!
first period :D
Ladies its not too late to sign up for the Hottest Contest in America THE EROTIC .com. Show us You're Hot!!!
thanks for tweeting great content!
I just finished the book If I Stay by Gayle Forman- beautifully written book and very moving story. Highly recommended!
On cloud 9! Article accepted on our framework process for developing media resource support here at Minnesota.
You can't lose something you never had.
too bad these teacher's pay is actually at a net negative for the year because of your changes. Nice try though.
Looks like ill be stayin in today...bout to eat...
OMG no! I cannot have bills in multiple sides/directions!
Marquez drops to the back line. If Mwanga wants to take someone on, there's your guy.
Headed to Dallas to play the Deep Ellum Arts Festival at 5pm. Praying for low-impact traffic.
Totally. So you can go take a few trips, tell people all about the thesis, hear how impressed they are, and come back inspired.
A very busy few weeks ahead, have to plan carefully to be able to fully enjoy all the fun stuff
that is so cool and no I don't have this where did you get it from?
howdy fellow New Mexican..hope things are going well. Remember: try to do something that makes you happy every day!
OK Go & Chevy Sonic - Needing/Getting Music Video Trailer
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. - Zig Ziglar
finally found the #only person who won't fight with me <3
yah I even put a Pokemon card and a Dora sticker in there :/
Thank you for sharing this! Bree has done a great deal of volunteer work for #RISD, and is a very talented artist.
hit her right off of twitter
#vma #eminem for best video of the year out of respect. Gaga is amazing as well.
taco bell
I can imagine. Is Lisa liking Clovis?
Is Niall really going out with Demi?
Just spent 10 minutes cleaning what appears to be forsaken petrified fruit leather that shattered inside my refrigerator.
bob its me! price!!! its me!!!
Why does currency exist in the Star Trek universe? Scarcity doesn't.
has invaded the rock & roll hotell....H st will never be the same
you too, pretty!!
They call me Mr Crawford when i hit the bank
uh how old are you?
I need to hit the gym! BAD. I'm having withdrawals!
you tagged that tweet wrong.. i think you meant
she also got into Berkeley, but ConAid in CA sucks!
New Blog posted T-shirt Relabeling
Hey y'all. 2 for 1 deal on Holiday Gift CDs of James Warren Moore's original music. 2 gifts for 1 $10 donation to help JWM fight his cancer
: don't forget to tweet about the #dcstatehood petition!
Check out Odd Future's new record The OF Tapes Vol.2 #ofwgkta!
LaDygaga YES!!! YES!!
haha. I had fun in your live chat! :] hoping for some more soon. :D
Writing descriptions. I like my new job. I get paid in beads! Can I get a raise? =P
and thats am not pm btw
john just left it's officially boring again. Group Trip EUROPE HERE WE COME!
appreciate the love..spread the word
can't wait to go home and take a nap.
RT : Lewis Black on NY Post: "I purchase it only because it's got the courage to publish its own news..."
Who is excited to watch tonight? is guest judging!
Night beautiful people. Tired. Hoarse. Eyes Swole. Heart heavy...I've gotta get some rest. X0x
Thank you so much! I really appreciate it.
{Ad Space} Are you looking to promote your business? More space open NOW! Contact us to get started!
Today I get to watch the most amazing friends/ally/supporter I have graduate college! I CAN'T WAIT! I'm going to need tissues
Going to barnes and noble c:
I love that sound you make when you shut the fuck up :)
Happy Friday! How about those Pens! :)
2 large people eating alot at famous Dave's. Perfect valentines date if you ask me
Thanks for the kind words
& then as they count down to contact, the broadcast goes out. It reminds me of 9/11. 2
Hello "future" UK SLIS Alumni. I read on the list-serv a few Wildcats were heading down. Have a safe trip.
Ohp! There he goes. No jk. He didn't make it. 11th times the charm?
Yay! They're here!
Would like to see a more detailed article on EQI stretches. Read a blog of yours on it, but was general info
hey man whats up!
Nashville, are you ready for Soundland? we're playing on Friday at 12th & Porter at Midnight!
hah no...someone else tweeted it
Please REMEMBER! Awareness is the key to your safety....
U know its Monday wen u lost track of how many cups of coffee u drank b4 12
Steak and liquid Aloha! Aurite! ;)
It's crazy how much people learn about their selves hourly. I know it's all true too because they put it on Facebook #whatsfacebookforagain?
I Cant wait for teen wolf i hope derek not dead i hope scott whip that alpha's @** lol ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
RT : A single McDonald's fruit smoothie contains just as much sugar as 4 Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.
RT Prototype of new Top Shop iphone in hand. Looks durable. Will get Naomi to test it on her maid.
speech therapy
of course Sam's daycare closes Monday too...
One man, One woman, Two guitars, lots of great music! Rodrigo y Gabriela tonight!
Thanks hoty! RT congrats on the awesome 800 today!!
I heart you more! xx
Everyone saying I wanna thank God, and all I hear is "AND JESUS"
Such a great night in Flagstaff!!!
y u no want da chicken nuggets
Bright summer day
blackhawks win would be the cherry on top!
Can i FB message you? It's a good paragraph long. ha.
Encouragement is the water that keeps us growing, the air that we breathe, the fire that keeps us warm.
I have an extra ticket on a 12:30pm DC>NYC Megabus Tuesday if anyone wants it (no charge).
thanks for the "favorite"!
I like trouble
Have you seen your tweets on our screen lately? Tweet us and see them on the TV in our diner! #BeFamous ;)
People die every day:(
RT If You From Milwaukee & You Proud!!!
Finally arrived at gradbash!
i wa just at the showw !!!!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!78
Gharibian-miller.. It was a beaut :)
I'm ready to chow down on some fried rice!
King James U16 in final four of stormcalssic platinum division.
h yeahh let me just wait forever till you get here are you kidding me?? it could have called up his homies!
Is ready for some good news!! Let's get this thing started We need a little adventure....
That's awesome!
are you flirting with me?
Already broke a nail
I hate peeling brittle yet sticky rubber bands off records. Gah-ross.
Chairman suggests written comments by delegations by Friday on 10 topics to supplement discussion
is the Volt that bad?
straight chinese i aint afraid to eat pussy ! ;
Someone crossed the line. Laid claims to the calling rights of a title they haven't earned.
DJs Le Sprite, Mr. Automatic, Adam Killing & Omar Padron on the tables & works featured from 3 local artists! 10-4am, only at !
That was a tear jerker for sure but very beautiful.
My favorite part of a cleaning frenzy is reorganizing the bookshelf!
Thank you! Hope you had a great holiday. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
That moment when you're so pissed off, so you "K." somebody.
#libmade Joseph is depressing me but it's so necessary for us to hear. We need to re-focus.
If you THINK someone else's God should decide what medication your doctor can give you, vote GOP.
Dunkin caramel iced coffee😄
love hate relationship with owen d. young. saw some amazing sunrises from the 24 hr study space.
that's what's up!
or federal employees ;)
The MISS TEXAS pageant is approaching....
See any movies that were filmed in Pittsburgh over the weekend? Tell us about it!
Thank You So Much.!(:
Life is not about how hard you can hit, but how much you can get hit and still keep moving forward.
Its my babyboys 18th birthday! :) love you . Hope you have an amazing day. See you Friday
and also with you
Nothing much i tryna be like U....You Emporah taking all thr mo ey leaving me eith bunny earsRT : Marc Was Good
Forcing cat through x-rays = cat will likely destroy something precious to us while we sleep tonight.
After 11 good years and 200,000 miles my "Paid-for Plymouth Neon" finally gave up the ghost. Now I'm cool - I got a Corolla!!!
I'd say he's pretty stiff...
I just got back from exploring garbage houses with Thanks for coming along!
what's your email
Latest update in #CoralGables slaying coming up in one minute on NBC6
sitting below you. Not wearing a hat at all.
Jane Eyre? Michael Fassbender? Yes please.
"What year did Jesus think it was?" — George Carlin
Very disappointed to see that the Jay Leno/Pat Morita vehicle "Collision Course" is not available for streaming anywhere
#Bears front runners to sign Mario Williams, pair him with Julius Peppers... holy cow!” Bears presumed favorites in NFC North if signed.
congrats Lisa!
Sorry the new Twitter and FB capability you're promoting is not done very well. Hope you're already working on an upgrade.
Vic the Brick is the worst.
Gonna go see Take Me Home Tonight!!!!!!! I can't wait!!!!!!
After that phone call I'm going to bed..I hate everyone
sure! Send me the details
Amen...amen! Be extra careful out there! RT : ...AND PHOTOGRAPHERS!!!!
Bummed to be missing the #SMCSea event tonight. Next one!
thanks for the RT!
So Colton doesn't believe in handouts, but isn't a hidden immunity idol basically Survivor welfare?
congratulations on earning tenure!
#BuildYourFans - Network with FOLLOWERS build with FANS. There is a huge difference as in career success or failure!
#Orioles #Indians and #Nats all sitting in first place. Who woulda thunk it....
grandmas be home In a minute
The garage doors are up here at Lincoln. Come enjoy the sunshine!
Naps are great!!
If only emotions and feeling didn't exist.
-- You're welcome and thanks back at you!
When im in the car wit my mom and she got the windows down playin some old ass music doin the fuckin snake<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Got a text saying 'come over and drink', grabbed the contents in my liquor cabinet (including the butter beer) it's about to get weird..
thanks for the invite that would be cool
it was tight bro.
I cleaned out my binder so technically I touched my homework ;)
yeah I should probably start by using it and move up to making stuff when I'm ready. I want to make a blog, too. Eep!
Attend our next event.Happy Hour in the Southside at Penny's Diner, Pennys Glasshouse,& Folino's! www.pittsburghprofessionalconnection.com
Chillin at school waitin for the day to end so we can get on that field for the first time.
Our contest for 2 free tix to is still happening. Hit us w/ your best palindrome and include #nyudemetri. Tweet us now!
Workforce: social equity issue - of who is getting the arts and science classes while others are getting severely cut.
Priest at last night's wedding horrifically misogynist. And why would an omniscient deity hate the sex that births the species?
The way Wolf said that made it seem like Texas was not going share the longest border with Mexico in the future... lol
If my films make one more person miserable, I'll feel I have done my job
Great game! Love your hustle and physical play.
nice, we should have a back-up bar ready for when gets kicked out
Awww. Take your time sweet thang!
This chase group is loaded with talent, but a bit too big?
Taylor S. doesnt belong with Joe!
But all you got is some fucking issues you fucking bitch . (;
I am one of Dr. Bull's graduate students. Dr. Bull doesn't use his twitter account very often. DM me & I will send u his email.
I hate that the Steelers did that.
HAHAHA I feel like thats how I signed up my friend to twitter
We will be playing and old set your goals cover at the show tomorrow :)
Lol my last tweet was to uou
Mall Survival Tip #1: Always park near Abercrombie... If you lose you're way, you can just sniff your way back to your car.
Monica Palmirani is showing how Akoma Ntoso can even be applied to 100's of years old docs with images, alternate formatting.
Lol. Bro fuck senior year, of course that's what we should be doing on a Monday.
Yeah, it's pretty great.
Yeah, he's always been a prick when it comes to ATDI related stuff. I'm surprised he got on stage at all. Must need the $$
Sorry. I promise it's been raining for a month. Better?
haha. Well so am i(; hahahaha.
I went to bed, wouldn't even waist my rest time on that!
Bet you wont retweet this.
#HappyMothersDay to all my mothers
I'm a pisces/aries. It's craziness. But I love it.
gwaf with the knee brace
if u love fannypak so much then yeah change it y not?!!
MyFitnessPal is the best! Add me - ilanawithani - Good night friends :) you're all great.
The Cabin in the Woods w/
some ladies now days wanna be girls still and some wanna grow up and be women
Do I really have to go to work today?
Happy Birthday to my brother the late Robert Satterfield Jr.
ditto! in fact, I think is the only Packer I'm following.
and now i know why my father said he wouldn't let me go to law school.
A healthy Kobe gives the Lakers a punchers chance to win a title. A motivated and consistent Bynum increases that chance.
Colby is a cheese.
I don't think I would feel bad if my downstairs neighbor was feasted upon by a colony of fire ants
I wonder if I'm annoying anyone with my Matt Hunter tweets. oh well... yolo ;)
I see you guys got a few more followers in the san francisco area, sounds like it's time for a show out here :-)
I hate annoying people who know theyre annoying and think its funny. Like no bro! STFU
You won the Black Keys tickets! Get back to me so we can work out the delivery. YAY!
Heels and boyshorts
~ Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Watching the live coverage of #OccupyPortland on the news...
sounds like something from the bassoon barn :p
#DWade probably enjoyed the facial #TajGibson gave him... afterall #Lebrick gives him one every night
I know. Busy with new projects. CONGRATS!!!!
Inspired by a conversation I had at #thatcampfl I just bought a book on HTML5.
Thanks for the #FF =) hope you have a great weekend!!
Just took stalker pictures of my crush.
All I Need From You Is For YOU To Go Deep .
How was your day Sarah?? :)
I don't promote violence, but a punch to Carlos Mencia's face would mean the most coming from you. I'm here to help.
UCLA tryna be like the Miami Heat!
ITS OK WE ARE ALREADY IN THE PLAYOFFS, GO LAKERS
you see me as fragile, but i've been through this so many times that i don't need you to protect me.
Mike Fernandez: The quicker you recognize a mistake, the faster you can react to it.
“: Virginia Woolf's lover and inspiration for "Orlando," Vita Sackville-West, a writer herself, was born on March 9, 1892!"
Hey... Im following you O_O ... U ok with that? ;)
good just getting up & trying to start my day how about you
what's up fam! Keep up the hard work man it shows! #Ncredible taking over the world!
Wakin' up to a rainy day in Florida. Hey it's better than the 18 degree morning Olbermann is having up in Cornell.
Did you rage in the Sahara tent?
It's interesting to see how many loan modification programs are now coming out as scams!
G.O.O.D. Music signed with Def Jam, Common went over to Warner Brothers.
that just wasn't good enough. nothing on goal in the entire second half. besides the goal, what did we really put on net? nothing. awful.
I think other MS Office apps may be pending for that feature?
Full day of printing today for our good friends
as I told Roblong when it happened. if it was my bearcat there would b NO jail safe enough 4 him. I would HUNT him down
Vodka+ slot machines= bliss
Honestly who dosent love wal-mart?
Late Night Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, Strawberry Pop Tarts, 2 Pastries
man, i love the song! it's been stuck in my head! Your hook is so awesome...so excited to finish it!
Thanks for the contact! It's great to meet others like who are advocates for prisoners and their families.
I say wade
Fragrant jasmine blooming everywhere, FTW.
If you pay someone to transcribe your notes the journalism gods will surely strike you down for shirking.
's talk live
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far. - Marilyn Monroe
haha in your dreams ill give 2 cars so you don't fell bad
Probably more #P90X. Eventually want to try
38 Percent of the homes sold in Pike Township this year so far were distressed sales (Bank owned, HUD, foreclosure, short sale, etc.)
You and me both. U have fulfilled this girl's dream of growing up to marry George Clooney.
i love you cody...You can't rule the heart!
Ohh she Salty !
.. the atmosphere was fun, plus I gotta meet the homeboy Ron $_$
hope to see you May 19th!
Thanks to all who attended our 4th Annual TandI Convention in DC! It was truly a success. Save the Date for Summit-Aug. 9-12 in Irving, TX!
Okay, all day we are going to work on boosting our number of likes...so please share this page with your friends, coworkers, family....go!
tiger is blowing it
Goodnight :) TOMORROW IS FRIDAY!!
follow back??
Lord heal this broken nation
i love love love the 25 days if christmas on abc family :D
Chillin' w/ my auntie & my cousin(:
I'm not a fan of Convey on the right...
we still cant touch Jacks Old South and the boys at Big Bob Gibsons - they are on another level on another planet for sure
Uh oh, Komo is back on twitter :-)
no because of the HAHAHAHAA because I can hear you laughing in my head.
Just got in the house....
I want to play minecraft already.
Confidence is a stain they can't wipe off!!!
RT : Come check out my directorial debut 2nite 4 's booking signing! Four scenes performed 7-10
RT : Should I be concerned that my dentist has a poster of Elton John on his wall.
TY for the RT Rachel! Hope all is well!
: thanks so much! Feel free to post on our forum! Your work is amazing! We love inspiration!
Check out recent followers of
Cheesecake factory to celebrate my awesome mother! 💁🍰❤
are you home?
never did hang out huh
Hey there was salsa dancing at school last night, wish you could have been my dance partner/instructor
Uncle Joey sends you direct messages after you follow him... now that is some fan appreciation
I dont want you, but I need you
Need a Hott date for final four ? Book for appt with me via email find it at my website alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
I think is asleep, or getting some #FUPA. o__O
Great workshop ! This state has amazing culture, food, drink and events!
RT : no matter what I'll always love dumb dirty ass fucking hood down south rap... ATL MIA
RT : Library of Congress web archive grows 6 TB per month
THREE more morning workouts before new shoes! #WACtosa #shamelessmotivation :)
It's fine as long as you know why you had your neck pains. It will be easy to do medication to get relief once you know why..
amazing!! You have to tweet more pictures!
thx -- the base map that is the background has white rectangles which aren't filled in even when I download quad...
Q3 I've seen the phrase "LAM" as a catch-all for Library/Archive/Museum professionals. Opinions: good, bad, or indifferent?
RT Coca cola is nasty
Thanks for the good words! Glad you enjoyed!
Even worse: very close to a Best Buy and the site of a failed Circuit City.
Morehead State winning the battle to get smoked.
haha its ok :)
Dr. Seuss' The Lorax was written to warn people about ecological dangers. Ironically, the film has over 70 marketing tie-ins… 1 is an SUV.
I might vomit by the end of this. I need to re-do my course evaluation
do you ever miss #TRL? i bet you do
“When a thief kisses you, count your teeth” lol :P
Near mint +
my knowledge of cults is pretty limited :)
you welcome (:
It's an old-fashioned InD paragraph- vs single-line composer battle, designer prefers former, those of us doing the correx, the latter.
I eat too much, all the time.
Awesome: RT : As much as women fear becoming just sex objects, men fear becoming economic objects. Do you think this is true?
Amen to that 8 hours.
Bruins win and I'm off Wednesdays night!! Fuck ya
I was honestly just thinking the same thing.
Movie date with the Madear, Hunger Games.
“: God is Good All the Time! End of story . Yep #Truelove". Amen brother, learn it, live it, love it.
GOD MORNING
can't wait fam....da west needs you.
The boys had water day at school today! I made sure to put Coppertone on them before they headed off!
Great live music coming up this weekend! Group Therapy Thursday at 7, Southbound Friday at 9:30 and Saturday at 9:30
Watching basketball when I'm suppose to be doing homework.
Cant lie that love you like a love song Baby chiefn
Final Four is THIS weekend! Who is your pick?
thank you.. so boring
San Marcos has cursed me
we appreciate the love 241 fuk with us sweety
your music is awesome! Keep me updated on new music! Thanks! Keep rockin'!
This the first girl that got feelin like this!
Babe,Is it in?Yeah.Is it hurting,Mhmm,Let me try to put it in slowly.Ouch,it still hurts!Ok,let's try another shoe size<-Who Remembers This?
I have gotten so much fatter since I joined a gym...
Just started using DayOne, a daily journal for mac. Great design. Two paragraphs/day seems like a good idea.
Why are you scared.. it's just a roach? *roach spreads wings* OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN B*TCH RUN!
RT God has to work IN us before He can work THROUGH us.
Jon Jones still our undefeated light heavy weight champion of the world.
Everson: It's not about making contributions. It's about union busting. It's about taking out the opposition as cheaply as u can
Involvement in campus-wide committees as an organic way to develop faculty relationships. #cildc Loving 's presentation so far!
I bet las vegas live af right now...
I think it also depends on how much you feel the language being used is yours/something open to you.
what the hell is that
A little less conversation. A little more action.
I have no idea how one is supposed to eat #Oatabix cereal, but it can't possibly be the way I'm eating it now. This is like cold vomit.
my husband is an ER doc at Detroit receiving. Says its possible there wouldn't be a visible contusion. But would likely see it
yes please!
I wish we were ll in Palm Spring clinking our coffee mugs.
#blogchat At the risk of stating the obvious.. Content = King and Context = Queen
Funerals<<< All i think about is the damn body sittin up all of a sudden! Smh i watch too much tv lbvs
Student: "I am a senior, just needing a writing credit to graduate. I don't really care about English" Me: "Sorry, out of add codes."
contact Jon Messer at the Center for Teaching Education and Technology on 3rd floor of Library.
Hey Margaret,hope you have a beautiful day/nite as well ;)
lol dude I read one of your tweets wrong,I didnt know you said what's my other acc name! Lol sorry it's
Metta World Peace or as I will refer to him "The Formerly Sane Basketball Player: Ron Artest"
I hate when I don't forward a chain letter, and then I die the next day.
Blueberry hot-cross buns, monkey bread, croissant, yeasted donut, nectarine quark danish, smoked brisket/potato hash w/poached eggs
The best shower- post pledge retreat
#CayoteUgly up on them lol.... RT : We was so drunk last nite.... S/O to on the bar...
I cant wait for to release the video for "Slick" from the #SlickLiving album/mixtape tomorrow!!!
1st visit 2 an Indian grocery store & 2 eat a dosa since my trip. Sights, & smells make my heart ache longingly.
opening day of the !
If you play with love, it won't be long before love begins to play with you.
: BUILDING A GLOBAL EMPIRE
buffalo trace ghost tomorrow with my boyfriend #imalreadyscared 😳
I heard you're killing my best friend. Make sure she comes home in one piece!
Cannabis seeds were used as a food source in China as early as 6000 B.C. ....
If you love someone nothing else should matter...especially what people say
not for a while :-) we're just ring window-shopping ;-)
"are you REALLY Alive" tell me are you?.. #song lyrics
Yes he Is
followed him XD
he does not!
Um Did I Just See Dancing In The VMA's!?!?!?
shout out to you guys! Thanks for the support!
Glad you're coming back!
You mean it's not already a law to report the disappearance or death of your own child? Yet they give $500 tix for not buckling up. Yeesh.
“: A mad/jealous girl does better research than the FBI.” !!!!!!
Welcome back golf.
WHAT THAT'S BOLD
“: Playing at the game <3” COOL!!
Community Day w/ performing “Tar Beach”. First 50 to register win a copy of “Tar Beach”. Registration required...
Thank you! I did not know that.
The LUNATIC-LEFT MEDIA pushes this IDIOT story about Romney.They ignore TRUE CORRUPTION & THEFT in OBAMA Admin.
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope. Bill Cosby
Hanging with !!
i had fun with you last night daught!
Polar bears #Lost rt #LivFamFeudQues if you were stranded on an island, name something you might have to eat
Commerce and paper work consume too much of our precious time. I just want to write and sing a song but the big "R" calls-"Responsibility!"
like you should be able to reach out, but people shouldn't be able to directly message you unless you initiate it.
Knew that would get you excited.
nice avatar. haha
RT : 25 children at story time and all of them high on sugar. #iworkinapubliclibrary // Livin' the dream, babe!
naw, it's cool :) I was going to flake anyway, after realizing that I have an #aam2012 deadline today. Safe trip!
Nothing to do at work so I must eat. Eat. Eat. Eat. Enjoy my delish vietnamese sandwich...
'80's childhood vs. '90's childhood; totally different experiences
Ironically enough, August brought me my biggest web traffic for the year. Thanks to all those to support The Half!
Miseducation of Lauryn Hill to me is the best hip hop album from beginning to end from a female emcee of all-time. It will not be duplicated
Gearing up for Biz Asia America - We're following a lot of military movement in Asia, DPRK, South China Sea, etc...
Guy on the range next to me, your not a pro golfer, please stop talking to the ball like you are.
Out the door on the bus and walking by 8 am on the coldest and shortest day I'd the yearp
I can sing yall =\
Okay Proctor & Gamble. Your Mother's Day commercial is UNFAIR!!! *sniffle*
Fly over States!
You will never be a leader unless you first learn to follow and be led. Tiorio
Saw the tweet, so you and got me anxiously waiting... As my boy would say, "Un-tuck the hot!!!" (i.e., share the heat)
I dont get it? Toy boat?
-- Um. No comment! Let's just say I was college grad in 1983 and a huge Talking Heads fan.
lol ....Loving this morning! And his "Oh,Kelly" song :)
we would have only charged half
no it wasn't, stop
yeah, i know. glad to hear you're still surviving.
Georg Wilhelm~ Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.
S/O to ALL my new followers!!! xo xo xo
Taylor Swift wonderstruck perfume commercial...
are we doing anything tonight?
So yea, #RememberThis is pretty awesome. Good job,
Glad to hear!
Steve Zultanski: Getting creative in the usual sense involves becoming a better employee.
i miss you
it was not your day, darlin. I'll make you chai again in the morning...tomorrow's a new day!!!
#tpguncensored, So excited to be on the call. Everyone, be prepared to walk away with great information and knowledge this evening.
hahah, no... But my sinuses are now clear! ;)
I need to start a sallie mae/student loan interest prayer line. We need a little more power to make some change....
Never doubt your abilities...
Loved meeting you!!! Can't wait to figure out our housing. We will chat tomorrow once we hear back from all the girls!
Its show time! Thanks everyone for your well wishes and support! Vote and spread the word!
Gotta thank for the feature again. Potential clients have been rolling in since!
RT : Lord = absolute Master
I'll be in Fay this summer! If you and Kyla ever need a babysitter..or want to hang out with a college student, hit me up!
If you do not go after what you want you�ll never have it
Wellness Center offering free classes
Good Morning and thanks for the RT yesterday. Enjoy your day!!
Starting to get really hungry. What's this Hunger Games movie about? Because when I'm hungry, I don't like playing games!
its worth it! Good job mama!
aww much love(:
same here :/
Ouch...too soon
"my love is deeper, tighter, sweeter, higher, fire, didn't ya know this..." love this song.
watching American dad laughing like crazy
Hun,your are beautiful<3 I'm jelly
Early lead
i wish this #chronic cough would go away
Aha....the middle schoolers talk SO much trash yo....
Yes! *throws confetti in the air*
lol how long u got to go
thanks dude! Can't wait to kick it again on tour like 06 underminded times :)
At age 2, E. decided she doesn't want me to sing in the car. Kid has 14 years of heartbreak & agony before she gets her own damn license.
Waste of my time like always ugh
No this B_tch didn't jus turn off the T.V.
First interveiw went awesome, i got a second one next week. #hollahh oh.. And i got the job at discovery but idk, its so far.
Not a good sign that as soon as I saw the hatchery cover line I was able to guess the book and the reviewer
Being personable on your social networking profile is a good thing, but make sure you avoid becoming too casual or unprofessional.
The awkward moment when you accidentally follow 1D freaks and your phone isn't letting you check 'Unfollow'..
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
When thinking about video is it a straight presentation, integrated with presentation items, interactive (best for engagement)
Thankful to c u guys live 5 times this year! RT Happy thanks giving! We have so much to be thankful for what an amazing year!
Im changing the channel to weakass americas got talent instead of watching that blowout
Taco or gyro...
just kinda hanging around after a long tiring day! hah what's your name?
WSJ: A Key Ingredient in Success? Failure, Says CDC Head
Amazing first half of this game. WOW. What a battle. BTW: Roy is a shortie.
On my way with my cousins to the Jamaican picnic
smoke some herb with emerge plz
Got work later boo
well then uh nevermind..
I cant wait for next week. Ill be there front row
FOCUS on the moment and be GRATEFUL for the opportunities!
Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsus has passed Boyfriend on the iTunes chart. The master < the apprentice
Y'all follow my personal acc it's and I'll get ur tweets sent to my phone!
w00t good luck man!
May your neighbours respect you, Trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
So refreshing that they're playing this on the radio ♬♪❤ #throwbackthursday – Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing Ta F' Wit by
A cup of coffee and a decadent chocolate cupcake at Babycakes ... does it get any better?
follow me and will follow back you same time try it
Cold weather French Toast?
oh yes actually on the way to play Boston, MA right now! Europe tour....TBA
Right on. Begin to reach and teach social skills with Social Starts to the preschool crowd. We're on it
I personally think that many libraries would have an easier time with $ if they just took the time to make nice with their stakeholders.
you probably meant to include #client in that last. Tsk tsk.
I think marrying a doll is legal in many states.
u still mad at me
Procrastinated and tUnE-yArDs 6/3 is sold out at I will buy your extra ticket.
You do not have a problem that surprises God. God has a plan for you and you're going to make it!
Reservoir Dogs.
RT : Drag this speech out until August, thereby fulfilling my promise to take my campaign to the Convention.
Would Ms. Duran even let you xD ? Omg Mason Park !
#ESHealthChat is coming! April 6th at 6pm CST, our health expert Becky will be answering any questions you might have!
Drove out of my way last night to pass Urban Light lit... 10pm & there were half a dozen people running around in the sculpture.
when does Kermit the Frog celebrate his birthday? we bet Kermit is leap year baby!!
IS IT REALLY SO STRANGE? by William E. Jones at Anthology Film Archives tonight! Gaze at the fanatical fans of The Smiths and Morrissey
IKR But I want some breakfast food
A word other than color, can you think of one? No fair looking at a thesaurus.
follow me my love :)
watching from Atlanta tonight. Love the Gone With the Wind book, did an exhibit on it when I worked ^TR
you're the one for me.
watch www.tgaph.tv for upcoming investigations.
Ok that was an unbelievable alley-oop.
Every kind of relationship takes hard work and dedication to your loved one or partner, whether it's long distance or proximal.
yeah I meant that xD
"Good Morning"...... Happy Friday...... its 86f. Out there already.... make Sure you Wear... Them Cotton Undies today! :)
La Bonne Crepe makes god stuff. Caffe Europa is my fave though. Best pizza on Las Olas!
you know he comes up big when its time to finish
Rooting for my favorite films: The Descendants, The Artist and Midnight in Paris. Hope they win. Something.
it's winter break!🎉party time!!!!
That's great! Looking forward to the piece!
I give up. You're #stupid #typical and so not worth my time.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the music!
RT Picking up some Pad Thai with chicken and tofu from a food trailer. As one does. || In Austin, Texas.
Today my husband will take 3 laps around a racetrack in speeds up to 180 mph in a Ferrari! OMG I will be holding my breath & taking video 
This guy on #AGT is gonna make me cry! (':
Great job loving the Q & A with Mr. Gilligan
The Wire Season 4...Get It
Back at you, bro! “: I'm drunk do I love everyone but man I really love you guys! #GoKingsGo”
not to hehe i ment in
Great Sunday. Burn 60, lunch and a nap! Gonna be sore tomorrow. Dinner time!
- Did the Valentones radio stuff make it into the interweb? Would love to hear your tunes.
Got a curiously virus-looking DM from ya'll. Just FYI! :-)
#Libra #Scorpio #Sagittarius #Capricorn #Aquarius #Pisces #Aries #Taurus #Gemini #Cancer #Leo #Virgo are freaks & love oral sex!
We love #brunch at !
Flung open the windows for air, & instantly bummed by the jackhammering of the sidewalk, 'til I saw it was to make way for more trees!
Episode 2 in 6 days, but Episode 1 is still around www.terriblepeopleshow.com
1. Brothers 2. I and Love and You 3. The ArchAndroid 4. Write About Love 5. The Secret Sisters
if by day drinking you mean 16/14 shifts for us then yes. Tomorrow drinks will be
what would you like to do that you cannot? ^MB
Countries like Korea invest heavily in education, tech & infrastructure. Notions parts of our body politic are suddenly allergic to.
Lol Goofy . ill Try !
Thanks so much for following! Best of luck with your project!
It's MOVIE NIGHT!. We're gonna be watching The Jerk, Drop Dead Gorgeous and Teen Witch. Guess the theme, win a handshake from the owner.
Coffee + cool, overcast weather + some time off = nice start to my week.
folow me please
I hear you. Just my way of saying that it would be nice to see you. Best of luck, Becky.
Embrace your chance to lead! RT : This bus ride would be way better if someone started a song and dance routine.
I like it too.
Wow, this game is getting rowdy. Go Magic.
Eric Hellman from "what is a book anyway?"
The store where I buy most of my cigarettes has Newport non-menthol significantly cheaper than regular Newports.
lol he was wasn't he... I gotta go with Mike Williams from USC
This sucks smh
I'm on a mission:to get All Tiny Creatures [touring w. this spring] on the bill at Sasquatch.lost cause?hope not!
Check out First Night Alexandria info!
I CANNOT WAIT FOR THE ANTHEM MADE SUMMERLINE!!!! i'm really excited. can we get a sneak peek?
wake ya ass up, I wanna go eat!!!!
Looking for HipHop Rapper - JAY-Z /Kanye West Style for Special Film Project email: 'SERIOUS INQUIRES ONLY' Please!
why is your poker down? Particularly discouraged with the service once alot more.
They left out Kourtney. instead they let chick from big bang talk.
Fantastic presentation, ! So informative, one of the best webinars I've seen in awhile. Can't wait to grab the book!
Oops! You saw that!? Thought I was being discreet!!!! ;)
one of mine, too. real life is so boring :/ LOL!
American Idol is kind of awful right now. The Voice > American Idol.
you should follow me simply to enrage the 98644 people who follow you
lol only one?
Commission business meeting back in session.
Research tells us fourteen out of any ten individuals likes chocolate!! Stop @ Firehook Bakery for yours!!
Exciting news coming soon from our mouths to your ears!!!
Twisting today from 1-3pm at Rubin and Thompson Assisted Living Saugus, Ma. from 1-3pm for a Halloween Party!
CASSIE sexy af but her MUSIC suck ASS!!!
Want dis basketball shit off my TL im a football fan an dats it
I just ran a trip on their site & including airfare for 4N 3 days it would cost $6,085.00 without food. Shall I book it? :)~
Missed Vinny's Ustream !! :'( But Now For Jersey Shore !! :D
Sixers coming back to Philly after splitting the games in Boston? I'll absolutely take it.
That Sad Moment when someone took tha last item you wanted right in front of you ..
We are looking to hire soon. Keep a lookout.
Donuts are mine...I mean weather...weather
great mix, although would have preferred hearing more of your original content you produced :)
Do cats say #YOLO ?
Yo, I heard JayZ and Nutter are announcing something today. Hope it's a collabo record
lol True! And if a citizen did do that I think I'd have to start reevaluating the job situation ;)
Honestly I have like some of the best cousins
I CANT HATE BUT CONGRATS TO OMARION
lol yea she dope!
i can't wait to hear some good new stuff ! :) #
There's nothing more comforting than finding out a weight loss program is following you.
Please do! I really wish I could go this year.
I'm defenitly not getting on any site tomorrow just to see about 4/20. Shit annoys me
Curled my hair all by myself today.(: #Mission Impossible
Witnessed a miracle today, moments like these I cherish and hope I can send to those in need!
Our meetings are open to the public, so feel free to stop by! We'd love to have you.
That was so much fun!
Holy,Holy,Holy is the lord god almighty<3
Scented success - China Daily
I heard had a #hangover type of night.. Hope ur feelin better cuz!
Thanks for the SO! Have a great holiday weekend!
I like that. RT : You already own my inbox! *wink* RT SparksDanny I won't be happy til I own your inbox.
Thanks so much for the shout out Katy! <3
RT : Your Spirit is indestructible, undying…. EVER❥LASTING ❤
#idigbio Jose Fortes "my version of deep time is a millisecond!"
And did I mention no cover!
That annoying friend who has a DVR cable box but refuses to rewind the show you’ve just missed b/c they prefer to watch it in Real-Time.
I would say find a local food bank or spca
nope Scott said they were fine
It still hasn't quite sunk in yet!
MONDAY monday MONDAY! (cc'ing )
You are beautiful !!!!
Just wrapped up my script for #fourpeaksNW Episode #5 with Jordan Weisman and Michelle Habell-Pallan: music/gaming & community #mcdm /hrh
Win the hearts of people
this is what Sudan is like
#myweakness a dude that has hella swag.
Looking forward to making this a fun tradition. MT : “Día de los Niños” is celebrated on April 30th in the U.S.
How's it going, ?
Sitting next to an open outlet at SEL.
and are 2 of the coolest people in the universe. They would love a hello tweet from you if possible.
they say you've reached official Divadom when u have a drag persona! Haha! Love u Diva! From your little Divaette!
you can feel the love when none of your parents is going to your dance recital...
Well... I love and hate some people at the same time:)))
#PeytonManning "has a lot of work to do." Top of the list: a #NFL commercial
I'm very optimistic.
yep 6.30 is good! i'd say the whistle and flute, its pretty chilled, right by putney bridge
np. It's a great flick, to be sure. If I could get an interview with Arkin, I'd definitely be there. :)
getting the party started... Come by for drinks and some fun.. Live in the mix.
we're getting zaxbys after your practice tonight....
Conversations with Wisconsin U.S. Senate candidates Fitzgerald, Neumann and Thompson start at 3 p.m.
There are such great opportunities for our ethnic actors now. It is Awesome!
Hi there MRMATIAS
Crickets, crickets.
Check out Miari's interview on www.klav1230am.com tonight @ 7:30 p.m.PST. Also, listen to her new CD at www.miari.com. Enjoy!!!
question is... why did it take so long to move the camera to true center?
Thanks , the master reset did the trick. C U next time!
Also, very, very glad for you that it turned out NOT to be decaf. :)
Any other artists I should check out?
Also. $4741790 for ANY alcohol on ANY commuter train ain't so bad.
Love your work
This is no joke...www.millionaireminds.org Free youself TODAY!
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament 5/12 sat 5pm eastern Message: BEATDOWN Stream to be placed on the brackets!
When you've maxed yourself out like a credit card, don't take out another loan with drugs, alcohol, or cigs...am I right? ;)
love your quotes.<3 follow?
Finely has the dropsies. Not his best game.
Aww Brantley put my two dear composers of two eras/genres in one sentence <3
hehe i know we sure are. You are a true Hawkeye fan to mom sometimes you just don't like to admit it :)
yeah lol but I want Austin to be like my best guy friend cause he's so cool
NEW MUSIC COMING SOON
Thank you for being so generous with your time and answering all of our questions. It was a great experience.
I'm hired...king ding dong
you and me both Chalupa. Shit ain't right.
not always true. U may love someone so much but at the same time ur hurt more than loved so u have to seperate yourself.
I know! They say it's overrated! “: Sleep? What is this sleep that you speak of?”
HOLIDAY PARTY MSPCC Toy & Food Drive Wed,Dec 16 3-8pm Eat, Drink & Donate! Up to 40% off services and 25% off gift certificates w/ donation!
I couldn't agree more!
Using Kinect technology to create a cool experience where you can "carbonate" yourself through movement
#10Facebooktips dont flirt on your wall as if your boyfriend or girlfriend is your friend on #Facebook you should know that cause drama
Lots of knowledge at A Better San Diego regarding what works in education.
It was the mere mention of scotch, wasn't it? I am in!
I was astonished last year to try a new tea (Kusmi's "Prince Wladimir") and discover that it tasted exactly like Crystal Pepsi
Photos from will be posted on our website, and the EYS & Cascading Krystal's websites soon!
We just found out you're coming to Portland OR next week. We'd love to interview you on TV. Any interest? OTF 503-895-4654
Joe Nathan going for his 3rd loss of the season. Can he do it???
running a few minutes late!!
Len Dawson's at #sb44 - at least someone from Kansas City has a part in the Super Bowl trophy
Well everyone that is left should be put through, they're all good!
Omfg I'm gonna pretend I don't know what you're talking about x3
Baker "Enterprise #cloud is about operating in a #hybrid world #saas, #hosted & #onpremise" … and still make money
Time for practice!! :)
Looking for problem-solving/puzzle iPad games for my 7yo. Happy to take suggestions
Child #3 home today puking. Glad he took the puke bucket with him in the car for school pickup so Child #4 could make use of it.
The #Loudoun morning sun painted a picture in grass. Its rays melted frost in hardy swaths to reveal a once in a lifetime mural in motion.
Some British ethicists don't have a problem with abortion after birth!
RT : Cookbook Camp session #2 will be starting in April. 5 weeks of nothing but cookbook writing talk. Learn more...
10 bucks says I'm crying myself to sleep tonight. Sweet.
we did!
The father who does not teach his son his duties is equally guilty with the son who neglects them.
Growing up me, my bro & Sis were all geminis, so I always had to share my parties with them, now I throw them for y'all!
come visit us at dreamjobmusic.com! Hope to see everyone at the show tomorrow! Rise and Shine!
So what get drunk?
you don't even know me
ur mother is starting to grow her greys in her fur smhh I'm sad but I will try my best to look ssssssiiiccckkeeenningg!
Counting my blessing early in the am
I wish Gleeson were here (meaning there)
i cant wait to get my car window flag Happy new yaer to all SEA SHEPHERD GO FULL FORCE
This movie is so entertaining. When does the bird die?
done and done!
Some people are never wrong.
Yes. Good info that crosses industries too. Applies to health care & privacy.
Looks to me like it's gone rain !.
keep walking. Ain't no one got time for that.
That means you too (even though I said "they").
LOL! RT Labor Day message from is like a Christmas Card from the devil.
Thanks for the follow, Dale!
Company meeting in Syracuse today and tomorrow... At a bowling alley today!
RT : Hey, folks, let's get #RyanKennedy trending. 9-year-old #Tigers fan with brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for.
last day of being a nanny. Had such a great time but now reality sets in. Back to the job hunt!
Adam Viniteri speaking at #ExactTarget, #twitter event; says he loves #Indy and heard no complaint bout !
Follow Two of my fav dj's RT : Looking for a Mate? Stay Off That Clearance Rack... Only TOP SHELF! 
Kings of #Party Rock
#TheyNeed2BringBack respect. Kids now a days dont have any.
lolz time to milk the cow haha i luv u and ur videos watch them all the time:)
Damn lol, that's pretty deep in left. You can probably sneak down to 107 though. If I see you, Imma say whaddup.
what's your mp3 email address i want to service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise latest joint "shot's fired'
Yes! RT : ' Jason Franey: next year!
Still working hard in twitter building on new TV show about FMG TV and twitter. Editing takes forever to get it tight hard job. I love it :)
Just watched #ILostMyMind ...the chief security guard was hilarious!!
I've thrown an imaginary shield about 85 times since yesterday
Sunday supper. Shepards pie, wedge salad, house dinner rolls. 14.95. 1/2, and full carafes of of wine. Vegetarian available.
lol I wasn't this pale a few months ago
I need a long break from the school of mass comm.
N light a candle *flicks lighter*
you're so funny i love listening to you
since when to you drink white wine?! I thought it was vodka all the way... #classy as long as it's not from a box
1/2 marathon was good but we mostly walked since we did for charity w/ a bunch of older women. Wanna do again and run it all.
Many people can tell the pain just by looking at my eyes . .. Ready to go home
As if tearing down my bulletin boards wasn't enough. This week bulletin board has scorch marks. Somebody trying to set it on fire?
Sure is looking like a nice insurance policy/ attractive rotation option for 2013+
Kentucky kicking they ass out there
Metaphor: Its efficacy verges on magic, and it seems a tool for creation which God forgot inside one of His creatures when He made him J.OyG
dear lord of all things holy
that's a relief. I was stressed. The menu is going to be a surprise. But here's a hint. We're having bacon.
Also we walked to the office barefoot AND uphill in the snow both ways
Depressing song for a beautiful day, no? -Shitstain
Co-workers can't believe I'm doing tomorrow's San Diego Food Swap. It didn't seem that weird to me. Until now.
Thanks to everyone whos supporting this club via #followback near and far, your support is welcome!
I'm a honey badger. Watch it!
"Hghway to Hell"
your still #1 in my world :)
Ethier- time to earn the superstar contract/money you want. Don't dissapear like last year.
Bah! sounds horrible from my cell. And what time does it start?
Working with CodeIgniter to implement a shopping cart class. It is lacking SSL support, however it is an excellent framework none the less.
Retweet if you are having a great Monday!
It's almost New Year's, that time of year once again to resolve to stop doing next year all the things you couldn't stop doing this year.
I love Watching Operation Repo
Delicious vegan chicken available today! Get some in your lunch special!
Anyone else have tickets to opening day for the ? CC: , , , , ,
Thank u so MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME AND TAKIN UR TIME TO DO THT!u made my Night I WILL NEVER FOR GET THIS I EVEN WROTE IT DOWN!!
2-0, 0.90 era. I think I'm gonna be ill.
i love finding things i have been looking for for months.
My mind is blowing with diva genius ;) thx bonnie! MT : My work is done! RT : Finally getting drinks with !
Making a playlist for my soon to be baby sister... Most of it is from the Hide Em In Your Heart CD by
Okay, Spotify, you're pretty cool.
What a great week! Lots of closings coming, sold properties, and a couple of big announcements coming!
Telangiectasias can at times develop as part of systemic illness. Patients with chronic liver diseaseSpider Angiomas .keloidsurvey.com
ewww test! What providence do you live in canada?
smh man can I live? sh*t is bogus
Yeah, please don't do that. I used to read your blog. You need to get back on that.
please keep me posted for tweetups!
Penn State University officials and their PR damage control is astoundingly poor, every day that goes by is a new fuck up.
#followFriday, just followed 40 interesting people in RVA! go local is my theme this week, next week the world!
Stay positive.
WSU's President Gilmour on now speaking about new admission standards.
how can you tell anyway? O.o
I #dislike being home alone.
Rep. Richards: "I would not be proud of this budget."
we're talking statistics today at
2nd person bothered me at 1st but eventually won me over. now in next section. hoping it will also win me over.
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATIRDAY!! ALL NEW 21+ CLUB/STRIP CLUB!!
Raise your hand if you're getting finger banged right now! Unless you're doing it yourself, then by all means, rock on with your bad self
you for visiting us and for your work on behalf of education!
Bein dead broke is the root of all evil
And its beautiful! Woo hoo! You brought the sun! RT : lol Jun I'm in Pittsburgh
Getting ready for my Giants to win
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and others.IFLY 6
Lame. Also, what's wrong with Rickie's hand? He's wearing an oven mitt out there.
Glad u didnt cluck it up MT : my first public speaking experience on Urban Agriculture, chickens, goats, and bees
SO to for a great game tonight. She can bend em like Beckham.
Posted In opening a boutique
what u sipping on?
#saddayforlunch #Ithought wewerevalentines ...I have a #confession too... I'm cheating on you with a different set of
if you aint never heard about me then ask yo bitch about me !
Hello Hump Day! A (short-lived?) calm after the #Mango storm...feels good to be able actually read my emails today!
You fronting with yr glossy and weird shit
All hell, the Saints GM went Lester Freamon and wire tapped opposing coaches headset communication. Oh man!
ChrisAudyssey - hi Chris, thanks for following!
RT Register your 9-11 programs...at www.serve.gov Choirs offer us moments of reflection and permeate the fabric of our culture
at least it's not a shut out... #silverlining?
playing micro stakes at Bellagio.
:) thank you!
Help me get to 25,000 followers by June 5! Please retweet -
I guess that would be okay. Though that will be one of only one or two drinks I have. FUN!
Wow! We just sold a policy for $81 every 6 months! Get a free quote and find out how low we can get your insurance!
just landed in Billings. Beautiful scenery coming in. Bluffs, rivers, a dam.
would have been useful 2 years ago when i was dating a lot and looking for a job!
verily, that each subsequent day be known as PON, unto the third iteration, whereupon WEY shall be the time until the cycle repeateth again
Happy Birthday! :)
Was the pilot's name Rolf?
you still up ?
aka taking cheap shots.
wait did you say sugar ray?
there is a primitivo that is drinking at its prime right now! It's practically throwing plates out the window
The shade.
I miss the gym for only ONE day, and I feel horrendously FAT. :'c
Just because you can do a certain social media or digital marketing tactic doesn't mean you should
Dirk just got put on a poster. Ha
It's a must when it's Astros vs. Marlins!
you in the club buyin bitches drinks at the bar. i'm out front gettin head in the car.
Gotta love social media! Pink pink pink #GCB kindle... Please be mine? :)
Good morning
Money cant buy happiness. Do you live in America? Money buys a waverunner. Have you ever seen a sad person on a waverunner?
very exciting! Keep us in the loop! Will we see you at next week's SMCHI event?
Yeah - already! :) So glad to hear you are well!! Thanks for all the support. It really means so much!
agreed! Excited for you :)
If you don't have moves like Jagger,you are STILL allowed to dance...
Live tweeting from Prof. talk at University of Chicago.
What did they put up your ass this morning.
How could the alleged corruption at Southwestern College and Sweetwater have gone on for so long?
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.-Dalai Lama
Gorgeous, but I could never wear it. #brarequired :(
Dressed up all professional. I don't even know nothing about this.
Finnish Gala March 31st! Contact us to find out more/ purchase tickets!
Office? You mean
. The Continuing Adventures of Sponge Bob?
LOL, we bought a new sofa that is so comfortable I fall asleep on it almost every night then wake up at 3am. Not good!
i need to stop going to bed past my bedtime. and what did i click on for twitter to recommend i follow the ?
Good busy. Meeting w kathy and alex at 1130 then TM bd @ noon
or what happens when you drink too much of said coconut water
Quit eating pork recently. A lady next to me at the potluck said she stopped eating pork too. She had ham on her plate. *facepalm*
Dont give me a reason to Dislike You moree dude !
I think u are. I'm 30 & pretty sure I was the youngest this past year.
Yo..got some new songs on my myspace, check it out! www.myspace.com/kkal21
We are going to be out in full force today for Milwaukee day! Need a ride? Call 414-272-RIDE or flag us down!
Rockies on the board first with homer from Tulo! Need a win tonight boys for many reasons.
i have an announcement to make... im flushin the rest of my weed and pouring out these beers... im devoting my life to sobriety
Yes! Presenting on experimental narrative Fri and talking about my book with Jaded Ibis authors Sat. Would love to connect.
Miami hello
I really want some Thai food today.
This girl really annoys me.
Sea horse sea shell party, who didn't invite me?
Its free this year. Anyone can come
Comic Oasis Brings the Awesome.
I wanna save you tonight... ♥
it's online day-of, too, so you could simulwatch. would love yr tweets!
New days new times don't regret any minute of it or any second make more good memories then bad. but make them something worth doing;)
I HAVE SO MUCH HOMEWORK. And I'm not even home yet. Blahblah whatever. Thank the Lord I have ! Loveya'sistah. Mygoodness.
#TeamOKC I'm jumping on their band wagon and I don't give a fuck if u hating on me
GoIng 2 haVe a FffaAabbB weekend..! Wo0o0o SaCt0Wn, its beEn a MiN....! eXCiTed t0 HiT uP dOWn t0WN with my bro & sis n law 2NiTe..!
Excited to explore L.A. Noire accuracy with a side-by-side screening with vintage 1940s street footage at the Archives Bazaar
ha well what are you hurting from then:p?
one step closer to mastering the art of operational, personal, and strategic networking; three distinct forms that serve aspiring leaders
Text HEALING to 91944 for FREE VITAMINS at Hieber's Pharmacy!
sad things when sadness settles in
Hear! Hear! Totally rocked it. // RT: Amazing tonight, sir. Kudos to a brilliant performance.
skinny boy, but i do it large like a 3x
Hahaha smh lol I post a lot of lyrics for those who don't know, lol so if ya assume #MakesYouLookStupid , please ask before assumptions
Hard up for re-tweets? Here's a tip: Just open a second account and re-tweet your own shit.
hey front row amy. Why is that seat next too you always empty? Do you have a bf lol.
WEE have entertainment line up Ishe, Lanee Battle, Ooh La Salsa Dancer, and much more! come out 7/30 9-1pm Marcket Creek Plaza
A good day, today. Always cool to roll on to Tuesday, though! I can smell the weekend, already!
Thanking GOD for another day,cuz it could b worse
u too! Until we meet again!
Why do you think I always carry a big purse? ...so the little yorkies and mini-poodles will fit.
Asians drive asian made vehicles. If Jamaica manufactured cars would you see Jamaicans / Islanders driving them. (Just an observation...)
Another lovely experience with IFBs.
I dont think that was suppose to happen.... Oh well ......(*Kanye Shrugs*)
lol that kinda work..u know V+P
why did I not ever check it out!!!! I didn't want to be greedy. Lol.
Great night catching up with School in the Woods director Tony Fox! :D
hahah ohmy. We need to leave in like 10 minutes.
Morton's: Best. Salad. Ever. The house salad, the one dripping with bleu cheese dressing.
Teen Volunteer of the Month will be announced at OC3 today!
nice view.
reading OPERATION REDWOOD by S. Terrell French -- wonderful middle grade novel out in April.
You've already conditioned ur brain to think ur not a morning person. Unconditioning is what u need!
new name
I believe the children are the future
Marketing costs busting your budget? this is far from the issue
If a man speaks in the forest and there is no woman around to hear, is he still wrong?
I have arrived beautiful
#HonestLEE.....im a BEAST at everything i do.
Mike Piazza caught going 86 in a 40 mph zone
Can you be, be the one for me..... thats all i have should i keep on writing this song?
My nalah is officially away from me for 2 weeks :( miss her already
: Hand that man some clorox wipes lmao!!!
so excited to be working with you!
Thoughts from #completionbydesign meetings: completion pathways need to be easier for students to understand. Scale through networks.
im still debating the dates because i want someone to go with me my cousin lives in santa monica we can stay with her
I think about you all the time. "
Rack them up & Stack them UP I love them all! ": What's your favorite Texas beer?"
Are we thinking a whole Norbit track, or just a panel and keynote?
WELL YESTERDAY WAS PRETTY ROUGH.
june 1st :D
Dany has a lot of Viserys in her. Figuratively. Not literally. Anymore.
Got a white wiffle bat... no ball tho...
That makes the 100 it has on Metacritic sound slightly more reasonable to me.
tell your mom I said happy mothers day!! 😊💗
WWW.TEXASUSEDAUTO.COM
:/. Smh. Well I'll prolly be back over there. I'll hit you up. Lol
Retro Babies on Planet Planet
DJ block of 1990s girlie-pop (Madonna, Paula, Janet, &Samantha Fox) just brought pleasure to my earholes.
i love when he raps:).
glad to see you're doing your part to solve the #Drupal talent shortage. Looking forward to Pascal!
Baby I hear, melodies, when your heart beats. ♥
Good One! RT : This snow is blowing like crazy out there.
Don't forget! The Free Art Giveaway ends in 2 weeks, so enter before the 1st of February to be considered! melikacarr.com/11640
you coming to the SOLID crawfish boil this afternoon?
Wax on Wax off
Thanks for the follow, Miss Ann!
Dogs make life better.
Great food and decor at ! Will be a fun article to write!
happen to personally know those "egg people"
#CBJ finally won a game... Now I know God and #TimTebow do not hate us in
did you love it?
yes!:D
