LOL yes and i watched the harry video omg
I love sleeves!!!! Let's chat in the New Year! I have a warehouse full of fun!
Danny: "Why does Ben have a cabana here?" Ike: "He likes the sun."
it's insane how easy, and fun it is to build web apps in node with expressjs, coffee script, npm and redis...feel so much more lightweight,…
Hey guys, plz follow me. ! If u do i will tell selena gomez offical to RT u! WOW or what!?
do i need to know what the prez of dunkin donuts is doing at 2 am?
Good work by & - use #SWAAFF & Southwest will give $1 for you up to $100K to Armed Forces Foundation.
I keep writing for freedom. Thru don't like when I meet em.
Everything is perfect.
Check it out! All new! www.abrownbaggourmet.com
“: #Skeetones are killin it! #mpmf” LOVED your set!! Hope you enjoyed Cincy!
Done! And...can we be FB friends so I can add you to Lexy's Power Users group for hosts? Pretty please!
RT : Global Meetup Day is happening May 17! Find out what our SoundCloud Heroes are organizing in their cities...
T4 Simplify administrative processes. Too much time/mental energy spent helping patients navigate complicated system
Just had lunch with Mandy at Camino Real in Murfreesboro on Ride Out Ln. Fantastic food! Stuffed pabllano pepper and steak fajita!!
Gap is open again! #followme to help support
I think it's just some small animal rustling around in the back yard
#rudygay is killing it today. Go #grizzlies!
vodka? Good luck with your trip w/ kids!
Thanks! Would love to learn more about Waverly-ShellRock and , would be curious to hear what's going in EdTech in IA
I used to be a fornicator... BUT GOD!
How did your paper go?
ah very tiring. 😣 and yours?
Actually had to reschedule my trip because of the rain and my reliance on the CTA. Hoping to go sometime this week.
Amazing Jewish Culture Week @ SFSU. Concludes tonight with Jewish Trivia Shabbat. Thank you to our amazing staff who made it so memorable.
will make sense if you view previous replies to original tweet...or not, haha. Discussing new names for film formats
Watching #idol! I haven't really been watching this season; I like to watch when the top people are left (aka the really good ones lol)
Bed Bath & Beyond on a Friday night. just added a yogurt maker to the registry. Now it's a party!
No 4 on the #Top10favouritefilms related to #travel is Star Trek. How could we miss this series for all its got packed in it. A must watch.
Why does this US Coast Guard chopper insist on repeatedly circling my neighborhood and apt. building...and why so low?
I'm in for a #SOBCon poker excursion!
I feel really happy and fulfilled right now, even though I was busy all weekend and hardly slept due 2 heat. Life is life. And that's good.
off to work.
Thanks to the team, esp and for joining the #ChewOnThis convo
Oh. Okay. That's cool.
Be sure and follow to keep up with the app my team developed this weekend.
I want some cake tonite.lo
re: readhead...January is always the best time to try a new hair color!
Happy earth day!
Back from Minneapolis!
yes that face . theres definantly a reason behind it and im sure you know what it is
I LOVE being a part of an amazing, Jesus loving church, WestMemphis 1st Assembly!!! I always leave feeling better than the way I came! ;)
How are you two? Are you working today?
Perhaps the greatest gift of this artist was his modesty.
Listen 2 the LiAmi Lawrence Show Wednesdays 9-11pm(pst)on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM The cooliest Jewish Show-not for the depends or denture crowd
*Fire alarm goes off* Teacher: ok kids single file line Me: MOVE BITCH IM ABOUT TO DIE!!!
#FF (whose profile alone is a marvelous read). Greetings from Florida.
#20ThingsAboutMe #8: I'm in love
HI & great to know we are building at #mom2summit! Enjoy the weekend
my brother is in love with you can you please shout you him out
aight, when I get some material I'll hit you up
I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul. ~William Ernest Henley, "Invictus"
2012 Keeps getting closer and closer.
Boy boy boy oh boy. I think the more aware of our sin we become the more we love Christ.
I had to change my underpants after last night's epic win. Not because I was excited. The diamond inlays were beginning to chafe my thighs.
thanks for spraying your gay ass colone in my house you french poon
Hydration Specialists are hydrating the South Bay today! Be on the lookout for ice cold Coconut Water!
you just need to keep predicting a loss, then they'll win
well I didn't perform...just drove through late last night, but hopefully will play sometime soon!
what a nice surprise! Thank you!
Smile. You're beautiful. Don't let anyone tell you any different.
Been veg since Feb; parents still in denial. Gave us Outback Steakhouse gift cards. Wish they would accept instead of trying to change us.
Again, can't sleep!!!
SUP UR CUTE
radio for the rest of the day on
nice touch with the "Snow E. Mann" Happy Holidays greeting
SO like.. they are gonna give me an all expense paid trip to New York to present!! even though i live in N.Y they`ll pay for my hotel
RT thank youu, (: Happy Birthday :P
haha kiss the summer hello. but honestly I don't even care for anyone else playing just go for him and leave!!
and David Segui. He can glove it
Wicked. What a fantastic show!
monday ill official live in cali =)
The Durant strike hurts but I feel better about the Mavs at 0-3 than I did at 0-2. They looked so much better tonight.
As a child/baby, I assume?
Maybe time to just admit I'm a flake. Sigh.
As a reminder, is offering free HIV tests thru 12/8 at 19 centers. 800-230-PLAN to find center nearest you.
Need a civic focus? Volunteer votehenrybrim.com.
I did now fallow me yo
Hey!! I'm liking Austin more & more each day. Still finding my niche though...
I love procrastinating
Sbux gift cards top reward for watch and reward on
Interesting post from friend in India: "There are only two type of people on this planet - 1) who have an iPhone, and 2) who want an iPhone"
Busy busy week! I really need some rest, my day starts in 6 hours. Work hard & love what u do. Even if Your tired! It all pays off!!
My 1000th tweet...What happens to a dream deferred?
- you are never over #MostVotedPlaylists ft -Lolipop
let's go
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything
Evangelist... guru... consultant... specialist. Is there anyway to describe a social media career without sounding like a total hack?
twitter must really b havn issues w/ hackers.every day I get different email from random ppl, that ppl b taking trash bout me -don't click!
u da talk of da town who is dat
A good prompt is worth 1000 words.
hai, i miss you too. Check your texts.
Makesure to LIKE our FB PAGE! www.Facebook.com/MindMystifyingDesigns We are giving away a free photoshoot when we reach 500 fans!! (PLS RT)
Hands on the wheel >>
Still strumming the strings! Et vous? Need NM fix badly! Taking good care of it for me?
#GWU happy #MeatlessTuesday! Come in and get your frequency card stamped in either #GWJstreet or Pelham Commons
Phenomenal...thank u for energizing our Vikes! We believe in u! SKOL!
We shred around the clock Monday thru Saturday; Closed on Sunday.
If u can breathe the way they taught in birthing class, u get mom of yr award. I couldn't do it then, much less in delivery rm.
Am I A Psycho ??? Seriously...I've got a Final in the morning!
RT : Trey follow her plsss! She won't bite unless u ask her too! Then ur in trouble! Lmao!!
and the open twitter for the first time in a week experiment has come to a close, thanks for playing
good to know.
ALL Foundations have a responsibility to look for people who can make a difference. They did not apply? FIND INVITE & FUND.
her phone is right here. So first off you're a liar and second you're still a skeez I'm putting a stop to it tomorrow
MacWorksLLC office still off the grid. We are however providing full support. Yesterday we restored an OS X Server on it's last breath.
During the past two years, the US military has lost more men and women to suicide than it has to combat in Iraq and Afghanistan.
I TEXT YOU! haha.
awww too bad !
Damn! I love my twitter friends. They are great!
i'm downstairs with your dog!
im not doing anything iether. What time is it where u live?
Watching Katt Williams.
At Tampa General Hospital for Childbirth class with , very interesting information.
only thing worse than an ugly girl is a girl who's almost cute
Mark - glad you see the potential we do. Let us know if you want a live demo. Would love your feedback.
Our acting group continues to inspire me with their dedication to working at our craft. Great commercial auditions last night!
EVERYBODY follow the GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH!!! #teamfollowback GO GO GO!!!
Word Of Life Regional Church - Guelph, ON - Canada tomorrow morning! Night y'all!!
Awesome avi BTW. Darryl Dixon is the man.
Just brought back all today's varieties to be enjoyed by all of us at - Tasty business
Heading out to Italy for your study abroad program? Then you’ll experience being part of the world’s biggest pasta consumer with Italy...
Follow us on Twitter and choose to receive updates from us on your device (cell phone) for instant updates, changes and more!
Love your blog
RIP Maurice Sendak
I don't how I'm supposed to feel seeing everyone talk about how lucky they are to have their moms when I don't have mine.
I love Blake! :)
What I wish Obama would say in tomorrow night's speech: "Listen people, stop being assholes. All of you. Just stop. Right now."
Big Time Rush played at State Fair last year.. Where you been? They're a Nickelodeon show/group.
#DearDaughter ~ Some..Want An Experience. Some..Want A Servant. Some..Want A Queen. His Investment..Reveals. -
sorry that was literally 12 dms back but yeah
I wanted to get the pink and blue one.it reminds me of the Miami colors
“Lack of loyalty is one of the major causes of failure in every walk of life” Napoleon Hill
cute clip...something we all hope for... that dharma pays off or at least keeps us out of debt! Thanks for sharing.
Hahaha (: So, what're you up to?
Headed to tonight? Look for me I'll be insides P-Thugg's beard.
I hollered at that whole 'New Rules' segment. Too funny.
SAGAFTRA. Great idea, terrible name. What do you think the new union be called?
Congratulations how does it feel to be an all-American? - I have to pee
#starhawks a base building shooter? I must have!
Let's go Bron-Bron, stick it to those haters tonight. Enjoy those draft picks Cavs.
“: Redheads will be your backbone, if you're really close to them. #thehairoscope”
My mom sings that to me every time one of my shows opens. Ok...opened. I love
"If you don't know who you are by the time you become famous, that fame will define you." --Oprah via Ricky Gervais
lucky you
<3 I'd trade my soul for a wish*Pennies and dimes for a kiss*I wasn't looking for this*But now you're in my way <3
Just suffocating in pollen over here. That's about it. lol
Can't wait to see a fifth at her as soon as I do
good shit today...Next time imma be ready.that was my warm up haha
That could have used some tweaking.
You're welcome (for the #FF).
why are asian women obsessed with hair buns and sexual innuendos?
you're welcome :) xx
I know and I'm semi ungrounded o.O
To college students: do you want the extra cash that can help pay for next year’s spring break? See how our SaveUSA program can help you:...
Were?? As in Past tense??“: omg you were so cute!!!”
follow back!?(:
Tracking Dugout today.
In Boise Idaho now and headed tonight to Hells Canyon for a weekend of Friends, Family and Fun. I love reunions. Woohoo!
Spring Antiques Show Blossoms In New Hampshire
#SometimesYouHaveTo grow a pair and get over it and realize that life isn't easy so grow the eff up please
Looking for an inexpensive way to #BNoticed this Holiday Season? Imprinted continuous ribbon is popular
Good to know. Thanks for the info.
$3.50 24oz Iced Teas! Brew up whatever you want!
HEY could I get a follow from you guys?(: It would be amaazzinnnggggg!!!! I've had such a bad day
I'm taking English, Spanish, French and Italian. I think next year Chinesse -.- FML too many languages!!!
Sorry wish i knew. just know the first 4 weeks. no teams
okay sure :)
Wishing you great food, even better wine and a very Happy Holidays!
Immediate challenge: explain nuclear fission in 250 words or less.
Sorry for the lack of posting! Hi Twitter and the #ROC ! How is your day going?
I have so much yet require so much more.
that's insane
imagine what burgers at work would do for you?! :)
When you showed love and respect to Carol Channing.
Never ina million years would i find myself applying for a JC
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
RT if you're coming to see perform with your Cincinnati Pops this weekend!
Got 2 fantasy drafts today.it all kicks off at dave & busters.
Get on AIM and talk to me! or else... afteritendszach
Lol, I haven't seen any of them and thought it was blasphemy RT : husband has never seen The Godfather Part II
Having coffee and watching 'This Week' on ABC
ever considered that social networking is the advancement and evolution of social skills? Very important in this day & age
Just landed in NYC. Thrilled the weather is good!
Abundance is, in large part, an attitude. ~Sue Patton Thoele
Love Crunch added another member to it's retail family. Off the Tracks, in the loop, down town Chicago!
#WhenAustin tells us how much he loves his Mahomies. <3 RT if you'll always support him!
Thank you for your feedback, Chad. We'd love to hear more about your experience. We always want to find way to improve.
Finally made it! :) RT : Packing for in Miami. Excited to present with + !
Hanging with Kim and marley! Wooohooo Brady street was good to me tonight:D
RT this if you have tried the "Snooki" lotion!
Peace love and
Raza lets not wave Mexican flags or put our hands on our hearts during Mex anthem but after the US anthem scream que viva Villa!
Dear Michigan, warm the eff up, I wanna play outside. Love & Stuff xoxo
I think everyone is beautiful
llmfaoooo oh hell
With hearing from Hayes about admin's plan to permit 10,000 MW of #renewable energy on public land this year.
Bryce Harper is the best prospect in .... Well forever.
“: If I wasn't married then I'd probably be buried beneath books and magazines on A&E's "Hoarders."” word.
He is. I was just fantasizing.
that's pretty funny
Yay! That's great news. A lost pet is scary -- and crazy-making -- indeed.
RT : YES We Do! #ncph2012 public historians rock
Finding a necklace you thought you lost a year ago.
Prints limited to 100 hand numbered pieces. Players / Former Players / Parents reserve the print that corresponds to your player #!!!
Fiend is recording scratch bass tracks for Forbidden planet!
haha no it doesn't. You're just jealous.
Speak2Tweet service connects Egyptians with rest of world
1 month with my license and i already got a citation for speeding, diablo meng
a great alternative to Picnik is
Yes! RT : Life is too short to wake up with regrets.. So love the people who treat you right.. stop stressing the ones who don't.
Just the fats, ma'am.
thanks for the follow Edwin!
“Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.” Thomas J. Watson
This semester needs to end 😞
I need a secretary
have fun!
Pass the word! Get me to 100 page likes! #100 and whomever referred them will get a free portrait session!
": Hoes cuffed, real ladies single, the good die young, the ungrateful ones have everything.. Smh the type of world we live in”<3"
See a #Broadway show. Gotta catch Alan Rickman before he leaves. Going to see SEMINAR today.
: Let's plan a brunch and wear our boaties! :)
Last Friday of the school year 😁
i knew i couldnt escape basketball i love it too much
Presenting my first story tonight !
Bitch I'm a star
Max is classic! Those shows nail it and should be more widely viewed. This Glass-Steagall as talisman is wearisome; misses the pt
From the API team, many thanks to and for a great dinner and evening!
At the dentist: Woman: (to husband) How many cavities does JJ have? Man: Two or three. You want me to go to Chuck-E-Cheese and get food?
I want to eat both
M fresh air
Too many people, too much sun and way too much fun
S/O to all my new followers! Special S/O to all my old followers! Thank you, I appreciate every last one of you. RT Back to
Craig Carnelian: a key to success in musical theater is not having a fallback career.
The NBA CATS still all consider themselves #BBNFam and I think that says a lot!
That shit hurt for like a week too. That couch can burn in hell where it was made.
No lie.. Have an hour? I watch #scandal :)
Driving to buffalo to see the bills (cheap preseason tix) 4 out of 31 stadiums done
has So many ladies.
You called?
Don't worry about me bro. I will be there!
Yeah, next wks photoshoot is at Pier 39. I love pier 39, San Francisco
Contact Me Through Direct Message For Discounts at MusicalStop.com !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When nothings right, go left.
if I told you, I'd have to kill you.
Bluntin it up..rollin through the islands on way to the keys. And it is so fucking awesome
RT : There’s always enough time for the things that truly matter. If the time isn’t there, the thing doesn’t matter
my last day is june 5th and i have school today :(
Its saturday and its NOTHING TO DO!
Facebook app won't work on my phone. Blerg!
Where's Ricky Fowler's orange today? It's even Thursday!
Hey - please come back to Austin sometime soon. Couldn't go to your Stubbs show this summer and still super sad about it.
yeah I was there a couple hours before you but it was still a good time
Why drink and drive ? When u can smile and fly
see you at 6...early morning wake up call
Hey INTERVIEW PLEAZZZZ
Its going to be a Bon Jovi Friday on !!
petstore goldfish or goldfish you won at some random fair? it makes a difference ya know...
Wondering what's the best bus to take to Zaanse Schans 2morrow. Looks like the best option we have to see windmills in 3 days.
play the this year in Houston. The play the a few times in Houston this year. I'm pleased with this
hi Bonnie, yes it's Michigan. I double checked the report to be sure:)
STEPPIN ON THE BEACH DO-TO-DO-TO-DO!
Texans don't let you kids go to college with guns.
going after Gibbs but not Gillespie gives me same sick feeling I had c-ing CTodd sitting w Cantor dinner
Authors, publishers have authors who buy 40,000 copies of their own books at a cost of $1,500,000 to promote them. Whats your budget?
okay and thats pretty, how you gonna do ur hair??
Dusty Baker continues to kill this team. Batting Phillips cleanup not only hurts Phillips, but Votto is getting nothing to hit.
Question from audience: What about the federal reserve? Norquist: Ron Paul has done a great job of leading effort to audit the fed
;-) TY It's not easy, that's why I'm here in #blogchat ... to figure out how to make enough to feed them all
In America Anyone Can Be President That's One of the Risks You Take.
You could do ATX to DET on Southwest and take the Via rail from Windsor -> Montreal. That's a lot of time on the train tho.
129 miles to go(:
Defending my thesis today! Super nervous!!!
we will definitely have a very futuristic and enjoyable Dunkin date!
overlooked authors at NPL: Mary B Morrison she provides very interesting plot lines and mind blowing themes check her out !
": Rejection doesn’t hurt, expectation does, lying doesn’t kill, denial does and forget doesn’t heal, forgiving does"
Looking forward to presenting with tomorrow in Bunker Cardiff ☺
blocked you?
I hope ;D
Check out the many ways to say "cool" in #Spanish, by country... in a calligram map!
- I'd love you to meet her, Lita! We'll be out tomorrow in am for church, not sure about after. But call when you can!
It isn't necessary for teachers to be knowledgeable in children's pop culture, but it sure does help you understand their questions
omfg :( not my babies
Why do I find whistling absolutely despicable?
anyone wanna talk? <3
I Cried When I snapped back into reality and realized what I had done.
Thanks to all my lovely sorors and friends...it was a beautiful event!
Good wine is a necessity of life for me. Thomas Jefferson
Think I'm gonna have another drink tonight...definitely will put me to bed
Be urself & think for urself; and while your conclusions may not be infallible, they will be nearer right than the conclusions forced upon u
Great to meet you today at the #LatinoLeadersLuncheon!
: letting people know "island view" means many things including parking lot & freeway can help when deciding 2 book.
Noticed that too! Read an article today in Canada's Globe & Mail about Canada's high roaming rates in contrast to Europe
Idk depending on what else he got to work on
Can PLCs Improve Your Golf Game? : Totally Integrated Automation – Resources for the Automation and Engineering Professional...
Sorry, #smbfw peeps! Duty calls and I can't be there with you'ns guys. :'(
They leave the results in the hands of Allah
11:11 gave up on that...
Who wants to talk? XD
: because I said I was in pain
check out the film Examined Life--I think it's available on instant view on Netflix
For a special celebration on Saturday. Need an egg peeling gadget-invention!
Happy hump day! Bring some friends, share some food, and plan for more over the weekend!
Ive got about 8 from Austin , but we used to talk al the time.
If anything, at Torres' appeal they should just tack on more games for the crap his team pulled tonight.
All pussy has a time limit. Bout three to six months....if u luccy!
great and you?
Aww! That sounds super duper yummy right now... Urayamashii na~
2.7 MILLION entered in Verify The Recall's database 2 validate signatures not fraudulent. #WIUNION to lose election even if they get recall
I can't wait when is it coming out? And please follow me!:)
Happy Birthday I Love You<3(:
Hey , did any of those UWM students happen to ask about your train wreck of a record running the City of Milwaukee?
We'd love to join you! What are you jamming to?
will pass that along, did you get an iced tea?
Hope you feel better. Not many librarians here today.
She Has A boy Friend ! oo:
Sad you missed it, too -- no worries, thought .. I think I can let it slide :)
me neither! i'm so excited:DD
As gloomy as this weather is I don't feel like dressing up at all.
And its Electric Slide Friday!!!! #GOBROWNS !!!!
hi back! yes, mos def..sorry, couldn't resist. :)
LOUD NOISES!!
1945: As the Nazi threat dies, the Red Army rises (World War II)
Word-Nerd Trivia: A MALACOLOGIST studies mollusks.
I never read beyond The Sword in the Stone (which I loved)--should I put the rest on my list? A few weeks of relative freedom.
I have enjoyed Spreadshirt
Magic play today, Preds play tonight. How many wins do you think Orlando comes away with this Cinco de Mayo?
LMAO Dom was the first one to book it running! But it was fun running for us haha Even though my jeans were killing me
Beautiful day = yard work
you always wanna be an asshole to me but then when you want something you're nice...NOT HAPPENING :) sucks doesnt it.
I love my mama.
That is the hugest way of knowing if your stuff is any good, if it excitesyou when you re-read it! If it doesn't,
hahaha do u think she noticed?
Checkout the new hotspot IVY @ our Day Party, Saturday, 8/13. U dont want 2 miss it. We have exciting giveaways, awesome drinks &great music
The three P's of social media: people, process, perseverance.
If, after the first twenty minutes, you don't know who the sucker at the table is, it's you. ~David Levien and Brian Koppelman, Rounders
Well......all the drunks have retreated to their own rooms and they aren't throwing anyone in jail...... tomorrow should be interesting.
Who first added what became the standard intro for All the Things You Are? Was it Bird?
Never slap a man who's chewing tobacco. ~ Will Rogers
Bummed that I missed #IACP2012 in NYC. But looking forward to next year in San Francisco, where there will be a huge #vegan contingency.
I lost my faith in you a long time ago
your son and all the other Boyz are such an insperation to me! They're very talented dancers ! I hope to meet them one dayy.(:
RT : Our Prevention Awareness Day rally starts at 11:00am today at the State Capitol Steps in Lansing.
Partly cloudy and cold tonight. Find out who has a chance to see snow on Sunday... coming up on 10TV News at 6!
I am afraid to lose you. I know what love is, it is because of you.
I'm in! Can't wait to see ya'll.
“: We really only have 8 days left of school”
hello bates!
Now they cite Kennedy as a champion tax cutter. I think the top rate went from 90 to 70% when he was in office.
Lazy Sunday.
Aaaaahhhh feet are so DISGUSTING
just watched last nights SNL, and Lady GaGa worked it out! AH-MAZ-ING!
.: Use of household leverage a contributing factor to rising inequality
Cracks in the concrete are just reminders that you can fall apart no matter how sting you are.
It's the SHAFTA win, that's why!
Getting setup for the SOLD OUT Atlanta Chef's Expo starting at 1:30! If you're there be sure to say hi to our cameras!
Animated short category didn't do much for me this year. But looks like I picked the winner!
We are young by fun, so good.
Jeez it was kinda nice when I went to class! Now it's cold!
frosted flakes are my new favorite snack
At flipburger. So looking forward. Waitress asked if our whole party was here twice, a bit too aggressively. One in the party now ticked.
Out bowling with . First time since high school
Hit the ball very solid today but lets just say my touch was off. Just reactivated ny #USGA #GHIN No. (luv my no 0111010)
i need suggestions of my first tat...idk wat to get
I was hoping the O's could have split the series but oh well still tied for 1st
NYR I do believe just stole this series!!
Ben Franklin~ The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.
A man who enjoys responsibility usually gets it. A man who merely likes exercising authority usually loses it.
You are what you tweet.
Out side with my cousin ^_<3
I can't believe got more at than me.
Let's go Brad! I don't want to see Correia in the rotation NoMo
Have a favorite Silent Film actor or actress u like?
I don't know
I will not be denied!
I saw him in my local diner last weekend. Total wobbly-town.
years ago yeah. xD
omg me 2 finishing up trick or treat candy help!
clearly that is false
Holy smokes, enjoy. I fell in love with this band two years ago. Can share some YouTube videos I took @ a show.
well I'm going to both dates the 5th and 6th NYC and Poughkeepsie. but if you don't want to go to the NYC date I just go
I will be contributing to the Martin family defense fund for Martin v. City of Sandford. Can't wait.
“: Damn, you change your relationship status, and boom, all of facebook suddenly has an interest in your life.” So True!! Lol!
yes.<3 ugh. can we just go back to april 26, 2011? please. vgfhjfdskxz.
we've been fooled into thinkin we need others to be happy .
You weren't perfect but you made mine perfect.
#aDudeShouldntTellAnotherDude bro you look really cute tonight
play some FEZ!
Calista needs to get her roots done...
Beam for me tonight gentlemen. Difference between home & KS awareness that good whiskey doesn't hide in purple bag
Started listening to Xmas music while I say in traffic this morning. I figured it was allowed since its November...#toosoon?
Do us a favor and give our brand new summer intern a follow...she's pretty awesome!
Congratulations! Well deserved. MT Coming home with TWO fairly heavy Best of the Web awards! Thanks again!
Oh SNAP
still working. going on 14 hrs...
I think I knew your dad!
but i love you.
Can someone point out to that Tijuana & Ciudad Juarez are 600 miles/995 km apart?
Great day of meetings on #capitolhill #lobbying for bipartisan efforts to promote #energyefficiency in homes & buildings.
": dykes are the best IDST" yes probably easier to understand to and probably give better oral than men too
value is an understatement. I see data in a whole new way now. Looking forward to seeing you again - where are you speaking next?
Just sat in my room for 3 hours thinking .. Finally calmed down , now we wait
Lawmakers say just three bills left until everything goes to Governor Dayton.. The end of #MNshutdown is in sight!
Good night everyone take care & god bless, Dream BIG. Don't let no one say u can't make your dreams come true.
Holidays are approaching- Why not a chess set for your favorite lawyer?
This sounds awesome! Have fun writing it.
your tweets crack me up Hahaha
Playing guitar and keys tomorrow with Emelo at VZDs- 10pm folks.
damn, i forgot to do my homework
the future Jeremy Lin!😲
good afternoon
Hi, thank you for the RTs!
I know right ...
i hate being woken up cause a dog fight broke out in my bed
Lee: You are all experts. I encourage you to insist upon building stronger, equitable communities.
A penny with 2 nickels makes way more noise than a full piggy bank!
Lederach stressing the importance of imagination in social change.
On behalf of the entire Focus Magazine staff, we want to wish everyone a #happymothersday!
Another Sunday at work. It wouldn't bother me as much if I didn't feel so much like I'm being forced by someone else's greed.
Time to debug
Riding in Vans with Boys Pt. 2...GO!!!
“: Dear Girls: Stealing a guy's hat off his head is the equivalent of us pulling up your skirt.” Amen!
We've got free tickets to the first 5 ppl who come in and show us this tweet!!
Fat bitches need love to
Turned the air off in my hotel room and opened the windows and door...
forgot my pocket cheese. blood sugar crashing. will i fall asleep or go aggro?
yeah, please do. or on here, so other people know about them too.
Jersey for brunch 👍
i cannot wait !!! ah, it's gonna be so exciting !
They must be sustained for a minimum of 20 min for the body to receive any benefit from the exercise.
NE Wash DC raining tie down outsde stuff MLK events cancelled No drumming today. Bummer... Big blow on way ... More later
Listening to "You're the Best" theme song from Karate Kid right now with & -- wish you were all here.
I know what you mean! Which one do you need?
back at you woman!!! Luv you
Sometimes love wants to do us a great favor: turn us upside down and shake all the nonsense out ~ Hafiz
Hanging another exhibit today-Artists In Praise-using our artistic talents to offer praise to our Lord & Savior.
Welcome! But you should really thank !
brought some food home & my 8 yr old son eats his dish and says "dad, tell them to back off the garlic!" watch out a new critic!
It was worth staying up a bit later last night just so I could see the #Devils beat the #Flyers in OT!!
Here's a clever idea, put it all on display. When someone ask, say they're all pieces of art or that they are collectors items!
At Detroit Country Day HS for a screening of Miss Representation with Jackson Katz and Rochelle Riley. So excited!
Who's drinking with me tonight?
oops. Well its dark and I'm on my phone lol you knew what I meant.
Coming Donnie? We're having a convo at #tweetea, feel free to jump in :) RT : Who's going to Social Good Detroit?
Tnanks for spreading the word about our 2010 season! Happy holidays!
whats up with egypt?
I wish I would've stayed my ass in south Carolina
The lion does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.
Funny that you brought up the lingonberry sauce. I thought it was cranberry. A woman corrected me :-)
Bummer!! Working both days!!! Don't have too much fun without me!
love you<3
Boo! If you have an issue with them tweet to They are very helpful. And welcome to #francamp!
#ABestFriend Is Someone Who Will Always Be There For You😊 And I Have My BestFriend/Cousin❤ ILoveYouAlicia❤
Can't wait to share! I feel like I'm keeping a really good secret from everyone.
Ok seriously one of the funnest NYC nights of the year! You guys are awesome.
Or ask for podcast gossip... RT Now in hour 13 of workday - send love, jokes, questions, cherished memories (of me, DUH)...
Im hearing noises D: my room has ghosts
An explosive Tweet: “: I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward moment when you read that wrong also. #mindblowing”
Vote 4 u a million!! Go Donald & PETA!!
It worked pretty well except I know a few little droplets got on there when I took it off my head
well this is not one of my favorite days..
is at work!
I'm so proud of my niece Graduation Day Today class of 2012 Toledo University🎓🎓🎓🎓
I need to have sex lmao I'm in a dry spell... 2 weeks...
And what about you - what is your favorite song
Mat Gamel is really playing well tonight!
cause you're my bro...enjoy
I'm in a van en route to Houston, so that was definitely a doppelgänger. I'm heartily waving back in my mind though. Hi!
devastated. Hope you're all ok and back on your feet ( wheels?) soon!
I cooked a Chicken Noodle Casserole today. I'm getting good in the kitchen.
I want to be on the beach everyday this summer
Happy Mothers day.
Sometimes I wonder y... Then all I have is my music... thank god 4 rock music!?
IT'S BEEN A YEAR.
idk why even bothers... NOT 1 of ya'll are HEAT fans... smh
Gilbride, Jacobs does not get short yardage 4th downs!
u butt daddio
Just purchased the downloadable audio for our library collection. Who reads?
I just don't even have words to describe my happiness.
I wanna sleep .
same thing i was sayin
Hahahahaha! Oh gosh, finally SOMEONE who understands there was enough room for Jack on there!!
Yes, we have also seen reduced costs. Mostly in hw.
Long slow boring day, ready to go home & put a new computer together. What a fun Friday night!!
haha girl u wish u did :)..nd lol i want a rematch
Yeah, those images look like standard digital B&W images. Kind of boring.
Change in plans . . . Going to Fun Spot instead of Magical Midway. Oh well.
Do you know if you go to our web site and type Instinct11 in the Promo code box, you can get your card for only $19.95 and start saving?
I'd buy SLA merch and songs for me and my friends.(; oh, and fly out to see you guys, since you almost never come to az!(:
Everyone follow us!!! And like our Facebook page :D
If you don't put down the paper and the beer, I will be forced to get dressed and drive all the way to Madison just to babysit
346: I'm Friday night tired, and it's only Monday. I'm in big trouble. But thankful, at least, that I'll fall asleep fast ...
Oh what a beautiful morning:)! Have a wonderful day friends
Bring Your Baby to Work Day?
you text me! New phone (: same number tho
Fists will fly at this location
So unnecessary to be talking so loud about your fraternity
Wow! That's a super fan! Well, they are good.
oh god heav
Sample Whiskey’s at Scotland Yard Pub on Tuesday, March 27th from 5p-8p
i wish i culd stay #Yung4evr..keep me from all the headaches Nd pain of life. Evrythin was care-free wen i was a kid, now evrythin' got hard
seeing my dreams turn into reality is the most beautiful feeling, happiest girl on the planet right now
You got it Meaghen, hope all's well in Norman! I'm broadcasting the OU v A&M gm on April 7th.. can't wait!
“: Sneaking your seatbelt on s l o w l y when you see police.”
Cool! Despite popular reservations, I'm really excited about possibilities w/ Cloud computing.You should blog about this!
At the Madison Kid's Expo with Carsten and Lindsay. Very surprised, but he's loving the fire trucks.
Enjoy The Summer :p !!!!
Getting a pedi with 💁👣
Today is a good day. Hot tea and chocolate chip cookies are the way to go.
Thanks to our latest backers: Evan Kerrigan, Whitney Hess, Whitney Hess, Ethan Resnick, Kendra Shimmell, and johanna kollmann!
That was a good movie
Nice Boys don't play Rock N Roll.
Thanks brother.
Love has no boundaries and people always sacrfice for the one that holds their heart....
ITLM is off to a great start and The Martinez is such a lovely hotel - They are really giving us the five star treatment!
Weekend needs to get here already
so glad to hear that! Have a great time!! :)
you'd be the best looking kardashian the world has ever seen!
aw you had me fooled. I was picturing peruvian baby girls! :)
beautiful sister. How are you? Did you see I launched my website?
I'll follow you anywhere
Startup Hiring: 3 Ways to Look Beyond the Resume
The world is not a stage so forget fame and search for originality. Solid reminder from
good luck on the music video. You go Glenn Coco. Lubba jew.
ty for the mention... :)
": S/O to for noticing the talent in some small town country niggas mayne! #SALUTES" :) u know it!!!!
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry. ~ Rita Rudner
So what does everyone think about Joran Van Der Sloot's 28 year sentence?
i am no longer talking to you
It's actually caused by Alfred playing a prank involving the Bat Binoculars. You'd think Bruce would learn.
Stop by our shop on for an after lunch treat! Magnolia Bay Toffee is sweet, crunchy, and oh-so-delicious!!
Why are there 10 helicopters over Hollywood?!!!
We're here but I can't answer for so I'll give them a nudge. Their program proposal process is separate from ALA's.
The powers of Netflix at work.
Ninjas round here aint scared to let it "Go"..!!
it's worse when you have to go ALL the time! Or wake up 5 times at night.
Respect is in the heart, so that's where I'm going to start.
Thirsty thursday! Hungry everyday!
I fall hard, but I'm strong headed so I be over it quick!!!
the best part, is there isn't any lunch on the plate. Only snacks.
Of course!!!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 305
finished game at []_[] with brilliance. Struggled in bowl game. Seemed winded. Would like him in 2nd.
that photo is also on my FB profile!
Sounds good, lock it in with Pen. I will move my meetings around on Monday to make that work. See you then. Hope ur Pops is well.
Whhhaaaaat?!!!! I am JUST NOW seeing this hair. You are my hero. i salute you.
Geron Completes Enrollment in Phase 2 Clinical Trial of Imetelstat in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
LOL guys they sang WMYB on SNL and they remixed it and said something about being gay.
How does a FREE trip for 2 to Glen Helen for X-Fighters Intl Freestyle #Motorcross sound? FOLLOW US to enter!
I think your Mario jump celebration isn't getting enough attention
would rather be gardening, but work calls.
The volunteer meeting is scheduled for tonight @ 6 pm at the Tubman Chavez Multicultural center at the corner of Euclid and Market
That's Heaton... I'm not very good at this tweeting. I admit it.
"There's 7 of us and 8 of them. It's not gonna work out." Yeah and there's one of me and I dont mind going out with all of you (; <33
Can't stop listening to
I will not vote for Romney. Romney<----middle to left!
thanks! we're happy to be working closely with and on our mobile initiatives
Mark Greene: strategic reduction in collections, prospective and retrospective (yes, deaccessioning), based on new collecting policy
I think it's time for me to take an East Coast club tour. NYC Nightlife is dragging a bit lately.
Word of mouth is NOT JUST social media.
shut up mr.87%
Yes you did and it is fantastic!!!
I open my arms and wish you were here.
I'm looking for an #intern who can organize my wife's shopping lists by isles & shelves in which I can find each product.
Change your password
we need all the help we can get.
CARTER 4 IM GOOD I GOT YA BABY MONEY
So excited about cycling 4 the Big Cats. Cycling Tampa to DC...to help pass a bill.
#NP skinny love by birdy Love this song
thanks for the cd!
Im your 5000th follower...congrats guys
I hate when he acts retarded
wish you were around for another day 4 pep talk
Sounds like a great way to start a Sunday!
we'll cheers to that! Have fun!
Prince is a Tiger?! We need to come out of retirement!
i feel like this year is going to be a good year <3
Can't believe how awful that Physics exam went..
I've been good! been busy with school and work. and yes i know! been a long long time! how have you been?! :)
As the Queen.. Would say it! " Thank Crunchie it's friday'..
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness. ~
RT : Good morning everyone happy Easter and God bless
I thought it was only me lolRT When I hit another car my first thought is to drive away lol
Watching the #cnndebate. We need less government in this country. What specific programs would each candidate propose to cut first?
I shall listen to imagine dragons till I fall asleep :]
yo u still here ????
Reflecting about things experienced and accomplished this year. I think I'll dub it "2011: There and Back Again (Who's Insane Now? Oh, me.)"
I gotta think of a title!!! Huuuummmmm what. Shall it be?
Thats whats up RT May 17 & May 19 I will be hitting the runway thankful :)
It's a good change. DIVE was one of the harder band names to google.
The upside is, maybe, I don't have to pay for it.
That's a goal that's going to get ripped off! BS
you know you aint bout it .
Condom Slogans No. 9: If you're nude, tube your dude.
Me too! Joking aside, I always wanted to be an architect so I just build stuff. I don't really play the people part.
Yeah - on the second line.
Ima get that pussy.
So that's how it's gonna be now, huh? Every new electronic beat with any sort of bass is going to be "WHATEVERIFEELLIKEstep?"
LM councilman Dave Allan gets digs in about higher ups at San Miguel Fire District: "I look at is as a failure in leadership at SM"
I'm just ready to see you guys. I need four days of non stop laughs :) and eye rolls from you!
Can't wait to pimp out in the future episodes of Kartrashians!
Kings Island today :)
kids up at 2:30 am making transactions! Impressive
Work flow!!
Whoever convinced James Taylor that it was a good decision to do a Christmas album should be punched in the ear
They going crazy right now. Damn
Mmhm.. Hey Allan RT : hi favorite person in the whole wide world lol
Going to try leaving Ubuntu for the weekend and using the latest #ChromeOS on my
You know what, since last night Free picks weren't very profitable, we're going to give you all tonight's picks FREE as well!
Listening to music to incorporate into Fair Play movie
I'll be releasing the EP later than expected! I have the opportunity to make this sound ten times better so it'll be worth the wait. :)
No doubt. Hope you are doing well, Champ!
YES! I scream!!! I am coming back to your party of the country to find the love in it again. :)
What's your favorite animal?(:
I think I buy those at the Bruce co. here in Madison. :)
Thank you for the mention!! May you be blessed in abundance and love! Create a beautiful evening!
Get your butt back home!
First hammock nap of the season complete. Bring on the summer.
Thanks for following: , , and
you should! you awesome
I think there is a way you can transfer that over. But IDK. I have my passwords saved on FF. but not Chrome. lol.
Appreciate your prayers this morning for God-inspired words as we head to FBC Clarksville and the awesome women there!
However, when it's pouring and I'm wearing a dress running home barefoot trying to keep my hair straight for tomorrow...I'm not too pleased
i'm from new york but i'm here at australia..:))
That's what I try to do with our blog. MT : also ones that share health info in an accessible, easy way.
You never get a second chance at a first impression, but you can make better choices next time and that awkward moment will be forgotten. ;)
Thinking M. Ward at Auditorium Shores
I can't seem to find the stills, mind linking em to me :)? Sorry I'm replying so late, I had to take the dogs out and ended up
awh <3 i love youu ! Ill see you at stevens graduation (;
Twitters changing in june? Or is that just a lie & spam going around?!
Miffed at how many Chief Audit Directors still ignore cultural risk.
You can listen on demand bro! It's on M-F 10PM-1AM ET. Here's the link www.nickandartie.com. It's 95% sports too! GREAT SHIT!
"Scentless Apprentice"
cmon, lets be honest...this was expected
I use #hemp protein powder, I love it! It's called Nutriva.
LOLOLOL OMG TAKE THIS OFF HES NOT MY BOYFRIEND OH MY GOD I CANT BREATHE. LOLOLOL
That sounds promising.
#2012wish: To gain weight.
Every man dies - Not every man really lives.
what did you see??
So....are all these rumors true? Is the SOPA bill dead?... looks like it
R u interested in a Feature Film Project Starring and a Few Other Name Talent?
People Who Connect People:
going good! Looks like you are pretty busy too!
#LiesToldOnTwitter RT : 😒 I would have brought u some! Lol
Forget those 5...68,000 strong will have your back this Sunday - Go Hawks! BTW, Daniels steaks are the s**t!
Can every one please pray for my best friend Destiny Taylor? #GetBetterDestiny <3
Oh yea...free trial... That sounds kinda creepy...
my question is:how come the woman that i want to get emotionally attached has no problem with "just sex"?lol.
one day i will travel to minnesota
ACTORS: Be sure to update your profiles :) We've seen a few outdated ones today. Looking out for you... yea you're welcome. :)
Basket bingo with my mom:)
LittlecBeadles: Im not a rapper dont u see I leave the singing up 2 the Biebs, changin the world would B quite a feat just say YES I CAN ...
lol kick the bucket? What is this language yu are speakin?
The Frantic at Beat Kitchen in Chicago tomorrow night with All Ages! Get your tickets before it sells out!
There are few things more fun than watching a president's joke get lost in translation.
WHITE HOUSE CALL-IN CAMPAIGN Flood White House Hot Line - Tell Obama to stop wasting federal resources on medical marijuana 202-456-1111
M about to sleep so good.
Taking out the archery skills again today for an audition.
I love summer. But man it makes it tough to work sometimes.
Again... If your absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present for my success
Game Tomorrow Against Hamilton!Psssh Nigga We Got This!!!
Prizes provided by Madcatz of course! Shout outs to !
Bitch Say What?
#Creepyoldmantweet Thank's for the follow!
in reality (:
My girl old fashion after a nite on the town we finish off smashin
in da morning. Call me instead, I'm bored as fuckkkk.
is a #badass (:
Yeee buddy, got the 3rd & 4th book for the Hunger Games 😃
If yen fuccin wit me dnt fucc wit me
i love open fight night on impact wrestling
Up til 7, up before noon... That's just how I roll.
Working hard on organizing the 2009 Wild West Veterinary Conference!
do you believe in horoscopes?
I miss those old ppl at the nursing home they were so sweet especially Mr. Jimmy lol
WOO HOO! Snowstorm is a must then! :)
Woodfish and friends return to The Saint in Asbury Park on March 4th! Get tickets at www.woodfishmusic.com
You always bring me down, I'm sick of being pushed around. I'm not gonna change you can't make me.
Ha true. To funny
And ppl think *scientists* experimental rigs are expensive: MT We need lawsuits to get answers to unresolved copyright questions
#CirqueID was awesome Loved it!
~ 'Bring out the dancing lobsters' (;
": Thanks again for being a guest expert speaker at tonight's #Waupaca #ESeed session!" No prob! Loved it!
All the way from Los Angeles, we've got Freak Juice going on stage tonight at 9pm. Come check out these West Coast cats TONIGHT!
It's days like this I really need my Mom to live in NYC and not DC.
Thanks for the follow! Have a great week!
You try to be reasonable with someone.. I mean fuck!
hahahah she really cant do ANYTHING no lie
If you don't like em then you hate rap.
I just wanna make things right before you walk out of my life
Billy Bob Thornton is the best choice for a role in a movie that calls for a drunk!
Looking for a scanner for those paper and photo documents? Ask me about the hand held Flip Pal.
Thx for follow back ~^^
Watching #getbuckets hm yeah
Before Drake started saying #YOLO....Did you all think u can live twice? or....
steak sandwich w/ extra cheese whiz, philly hots (the dried out blk peppers & pickles
Thanks, Matt. I knew it was either you or Lisa. Mechanisms and Always Already New need a CTRL-F/⌘-F.
thats a nicer version of no thank you
Lunch specials are the Sweet 16 Burger and Hot Corned Beef and Swiss
My lips look like honey but ill sting you like a bee <3
James is right, as usual.
Not a bad idea. Would be pretty entertaining after a few swigs of 2 buck chuck.
what is the website for e-textbooks for high schools or has textbooks on pdf? thanks
Good concept but both square and foursquare are not ubiquitous enough to make it work… other ideas might!
RT : As 2 how 2 have a happy marriage THAT cannot be condensed into a tweet.
C Hackett kicked my butt at East Liverpool Country Club today. I made no pars. But I did a fist pump after making a bogie.....
but not Lauren
i'm officially one of those guys who stands around the office water cooler talking about
It's very calmbeforethestorm-ish in Austin today, literally and figuratively.
you have the iPhone? Don't see that one on mine:(
So my life story goes a little like this...
AUSTIN MY BIRTHDAY IS TODAY PLZ WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND MAKE MY LIFE COMPLETE
Just left dance class and it was the sh*t!!
Johnson &amp; Johnson - Shareholder/Analyst Call
Nice! enjoy man
also I'm definitely regretting coming here sans jacket. You're right
ohh awesome! just text me when youre in town :)
#thomasdavis is a beast!
go to the red house the left at the rooster an honk twice so uncle Buried don't shoot you.
Um, jealous!
I dreaqd going to earth science
haha cuddling. Do you prefer to be the big spoon or little spoon?
The things people worry about.. some people really need to get their priorities straight.
RT : I wish Amazon separated out p0rn books from erotica. The "erotica" top 100 is at least half straight up cheesy P0rn.
dont know you that much but morning...hope you have a great day.
Real work? No idea. That's what I fit in between tweeting.
When you look better than his ex>
Relaxing in the country! Ready for some down time after a busy but fun weekend!
You're always addicted to something! :)
been busy doing some networking. Just wrote some lyrics to the first of 4 tracks I received. how y'all doing tonite?
Went to pow wow @ #SDSU & the #latinofilmfestival yesterday & spent this morning cooking with my gma. So much culture in 1 weekend!
Both Winston Churchill and Ted Kennedy have biographies titled Last Lion. Somewhat akin to putting G. Lucas and Kubrick on the same footing
That was dope tho won't lie lol
SALE! Get 30% off seasonal merchandise. Stop in to see what we have in your size!
Were there any lyrics in that song?
earliest I ever been done with my makeup 🎉
Good start.
Agreed. At the moment listening to Tom Rindflesch discussing Unified Medical Language System developed by NLM/NIH
#nytm just gets better and better.
I think the Lakers will win tonight, but Ill be pulling for the Nuggets
all fine-tuned athletes need an off-season
Business... MBA... :/ neways good luck tomorrow lol. i'll be back soon... don't worry soon as i'm back you'll know
Great job today! I still wish you were headed to Butler, but I know you will take over at Purdue. Keep up the good work.
“: Taking photos for first album! #newcountryband”. I'm so excited to see them :)
Just remembered the time in my basement when I read a certain female's status update and you guessed who it was with 0 context.
Shelby, glad you could make it. My daughter has gluten sensitivity so I appreciate the challenges
wait for love=)
Since when did Pregnancy become a disease? #HCR is going to bankrupt the Country which I guess U don't care!
My better half <3
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
it is very cool looking indeed. How are ya>??
Axford coming in for the save! #Brewers lead 5-4!
House hunting is not easy when ur picky b. But wtf...... I want wtf I want. Period. The gawd damn end.
Oh my goodness I get to hear my final mixes today!!!! I'm jumping up and down on my bed:):):)
I find it interesting when ppl I enjoy following have passive aggressive beef w/ someone. Case in point: & Erik Spoelstra.
Ur not any better than they are fel..
yea... id tap that ;) pahahahaha c(;
Best news all day! RT Joe's has a new seasonal menu..Pork Chops w/ Spaghetti Squash, Parmesan Halibut & Artichoke Stuffed Sole!
. Haven't heard trade rumors. Pierce is Celtics' captain. Too good to ever be a Laker. We're oldies but goldies! GO CELTICS!
I need a babysitter/nanny in elm grove/brookfield or greenfield areas. Please rt
Since my family is moving to Kentucky, I guess I have to pay attention to this game....
woot airrick! cant wait for another awesome show!
His critics are ensuring his re-election. Thank God!
people-watching with you that includes tall men racing up the steps is the best - thanks friend for bringing me along
Your n needs checked out my a doctor. CHECKED OUT BY A DOCTOR
Makin me laugh haha :)
Isn't a jog down high street the best?
We were talking about random shit and Linda of course lol
I've got a fever and the only prescription...
#FF because she is amazing ☺
Cheese Eggs & Potatoes For Breakfast
Jealous of the peeps at #cil2010 . Maybe next year.
San Antonio , Texas baby (; lol you ?
dear , performing the self is not an invention of social media
Got sum softball.!
Happy Texas Independence Day
Stay positive, and get better!
“: I want to go on a road trip this summer”
DuBois: "now all abt #workforce. 12th gr is no longer finish line. #Comm_College can play a role, attract business w/ 1 phonecall"
i cant believe this my lasy day of school;) it came so fast
Oh yeah and played defense
Not much of a hunt in Werth's beard #justsayin RT Who's up for an Easter egg hunt inside of the Beard?
of course you likely. What don't you likely... Ps make your appt for to see the Nu
i saw you at the birthday bash @ the dc star night club, you put it on us,
Great stay-cation. New Stephen King book, sleeping late, holiday treats. To come: discussion on writing project, family night at movies.
some new rnb beats
wow we are so old. Juniper needs one of the Fisher price tape decks
S/O & For Being in the building 's lounge last Night
Argh - I've got that ga-ga bitch stuck in my head w/ all her "rah rah ooh la la rah ma-ma" crap. We need to have her euthanized.
Send me some ;) RT I will start makin the weed brownies again next week
Give some World Piece this holiday season! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
So, are you fellows planning on touring anytime soon? -- From a listener in Connecticut
Ok, stop. I wasn't inviting you to discuss your politics with me.
Love it. RT My mum's ringtone is She's cool. Yep.
4get gun control, we need bullet control. If a bullet cost $5,000 there would be no innocent bystanders. -I love chris rock
Releases from all sorts of grabs and holds
So sorry for your loss! Thoughts and prayers coming from NC for you and your family.
Do I need Adobe Acrobat to create PDFs with fill-in forms? Is there an alternative program?
school night
Thanks for the RT! Hope your day is going great! See you at the Man & Woman of the Year Luncheon on March 22nd!
if i fall if i die know i lived it to the fullest if i fall if i die know i lived it missing bullets !-best song ever !
good luck gurl!
I hate that -.-
Good to hear I am about to take a nap for real like I said chill mode :)
u mean todays game?
just 1 so far.
Evidently. RT i think i finally figured out hashtags!
Love hurts sometimes when you do it right.
Inner peace and love is all I want, both so hard to find. But instead I'll settle for sex and alcohol.
And who says nothing good every comes out of a committee? Hooray for today!
Why did the chicken cross the road? ... Because Beckett, Lackey and Lester were not pitching that night.
I like the dude who looks like Me photobombing in the background
thanks I wanna get higher
Talent. I originally wrote that tweet after seeing Jeff Huson jump on the desk like a frat boy again. Prod. is still great
Get out the wet wipes
Thank you, sir.
thanks. It's been a few days. I have to get back on track.
Think I'll just stroll over to the local grocery store. I'm sure it won't be that crowded.
nah craw I sold mine... Like yur style tho goalie...
I love being in march madness groups with people from UT who always pick the horns to go far no matter how awful we look.
Good policy. RT "Anybody who's not throwing a fit can come to my birthday party."
If love is eternal, then why is life so short?
Love this!
lmfao thank you ^.^
I was just gonna tweet that you HAVE to be enjoying this!... RT : Come on OKC keep the intensity up!
Finally getta work out in PT
I Hope The Weather Is Nice On May 5th ! /:
President of UMBC is on NPR right now and stated "You do not have to be rich to be brilliant!"
in an attempt to forget my brain melt ysdy caused by statistics, I am drinking coffee. COFFEE.
yes u won. u have a great voice. You r the
London peeps: I'm staying at the Novotel for the 3 shows. Is it a total wasteland out there? Must learn to use the tube, if it goes there.
thank you! You are very fabulous yourself! Have you been to #BArCongress for a drink. Ask for Leo, he has the gift to gab.
Student scholarship winner are supposed to find out today. We are all holding our breaths. I think a dozen of my students applied.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. "Patrick Henry"
I leave to get my daughter from school & the #Tigers are down 4-0. I get home & it's tied at 4. Sounds good to me.
hahha you're so going to have to learn the train schedules now.
lol when is this? I'll be on campus next week if it's then
Getting pumped to rawk the treehouse in columbus Tuesday 7-12!! Playing with Zac McFadden. Music starts at 10 PM.
Stop trying to turn people into you. Instead, go out and find people better than you. Jordan Adler
In dire need of an energy boost. What's your favorite pick-me-up?
Miss world 2010 has almost completed her reign!Congratulations to her!!
booty man what what!!!!
“In the happiest of our childhood memories, our parents were happy, too.” -Robert Brault
We have 14 points.
go n with your eyes wide open !
No whistle on the ruckus underneath but the touch foul out top must be called.
Its going to be a great day! Excited to board the train at 5:45p to head to #Chicago!
Super stoked bought Zumba Fitness 2 for Wii. 💃
Is your mind rattling creating a B2B marketing strategy? Hopefully this helps - people "buy" expertise from people not a logo or a company.
Who sings "Dancing In the Moonlight"? If you said Van Morrison, you're wrong...
Ladies Night!!! Friday 3/30 from 4-7pm at Roots Salon!! Free chair massages, nails & makeup! Free color w/ $25 in products!
Hate is only adimiration in disguise! -KB4H
I can attest to this source. I found it intuitive with good examples for designers or non-engineers.
#HappyBdayJoeBrooks I love you so much! <3
Thank you Daniel...All the best...
Sometimes my cat starts purring when I make eye contact with him.
Lmfaooo! "Squirrel" And "Whale"
Had a fun time working last night on a website. Owner was open-minded and willing to try my suggestions. Wish all were that way!
Dear I promise 2 not ever in my life cruse at you or disrespect u I promise 2 always love u and care 4 u i gtg luv u
You must determine what elements within #CRM are most beneficial for your firm. Enables firm strategic plans. cc'
I am really diggin my Hartke 2100 Pro bass cab! "true"tone and very good build quality,I don,t need much EQ now at all!...FAT!
Special thanks to Mark Keefe at for emceeing at ! "Don't drink and Trike!"
you are such an ass
Many thanks for the folo!
Thank You for the article!!!
If u r over the age of 15, stop tweeting abt the #VMAs. There are more important things to discuss, like the fact that Bloodsport is on now.
Watchin da greatest rapper alive eminem
It's the last day of class & student presentation day in #LIBR046! I love seeing all of the different research projects come together!
lol i have like 100 things to do for u..u should come over, costumes to finish
at Logan's on sixth street. Come by and chat Selection Sunday with us.
like the new website design!!
I just saw yo sis, u weren't in the house were u?
Bawbawbaw, BRICK SQUAD !!!
I enjoyed meeting you and loved your enthusiasm today!
looks good
"a g0Od FrieNd kNoWs ur PaSt, aCcePts ur PreSeNt & bELieVes iN uR FuTuRe!" i l0Ve my fRiEnDs..!
Had fun riding back/forth to TN w/son. He went to UGA game w/my dad. Listened to JayZ/Kanye. Love 2 tracks in particular. "Preach."
Good morning Friends! ! I hope everyone has a fantastic day!! ENJOY!! LAUGH! PLAY! DANCE!! and SING a bit!! Don't forget to hug!! ( ) ( )!!
who's da character on here dat u like?
My first house will. Def. RT : My next home will have a hammock in the yard.
oh yes! #DanceMomsMiami premier!
I mean, that stuff happens. You shouldn't be embarrassed, everybody gets little tweaks here and there!
Thanks for the follow BellinghamStories (BhamStories)! :)
yes! I think it's all coming together.
It is essential that we get her back in captivity. She has been last seen on Patapsco Avenue and Washington Boulevard in Baltimore Maryland.
Ohh lovin life right now! But then there's so much homework.. -.-
so nice to see you again.
Giants and Cubs
Twitter, why won't you let me change my profile picture? WHY???!!!
Going to soon! Healthy Willamette exhibit sponsored by the Portland Spirit! Learn how valuable this river is to our community!
Westview vs West Linn tonight!! Lo's first home game :)!! Let's go Cats!!
All your doe is sour, I don't mess with Lemon Cake- I wrecks it steady N deadly just let me demonstrate
imagine wolfgang playing at the superclub!? 0___0
... come peep my stand up act tomorrow at show starts at 8:30pm. you know i got jokes.
“When I say I want to photograph someone, what it really means is that I'd like to know them. Anyone I know I photograph.” -Annie Leibovitz
I do believe this novella's close to completion, y'all. Might be able to blow through final edits by the end of the weekend.
I think he looks like Eeyore if Eeyore was a middle-aged Caucasian huffer.
I am sure you have been wondering what I have been up to. Lets just say a scarf a day keeps the doctor away.
Just a tad bit. Lolzz
That dude just did that!!!! I Believe I Can Fly... He sang the devil out of that song!!!
1) Jordan 2) Kobe Kobe is the closet you can get to MJ.
I'm screwed...
|..|~. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Stay focused
First Elin, then Hank, then Teddy Forstmann, now Steve. Tiger has gone through some massive breakups in 18 months
hello there, hello there,how are you? I haven't seen you in a while.. :)
how you been?
blessings! safe journey!
Hahaha, needed that :) xo
thanks so much beautiful !! ;)
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. - Andre Gide
People that put 'LOL' after everything even if it's not funny <<<
"She just gets me so mad" "stfu" lol someone didnt get too much sleep
On my way to Just might have to go for it and order one of the junmai daiginjos.
Thanks for the reminder about the water! Always reminding my clients to drink more!
two can play that game. If my life was a bowl of cereal, would be the milk.
Sometimes, despite what we may want, the door just has too many locks.
why you so hot?
lol u little ass cldnt even go yesterday
So stoked! Encore Beach Club opens tomorrow! One of the craziest pool parties in town! Hmu if youre down!
Three great one-on-one meetings today with Duck Biz Lunch attendees. And huge props to Peoples' Sandwich of Portland for the sandwich! The …
#ff love you mandy! x
fo sho get some rest see a doc if it continues
Love the motivation in the AM! ": Desire is the key that opens the door when #opportunity knocks. Good morning everyone. #BeGreat"
so Joe Maddon
Dalglish out of the Liverpool job! Good riddance, he was taking them nowhere. Put in Martinez!!
#twittertools UseQwitter: Qwitter e-mails you when someone stops following you on Twitter with a message.
. You're very welcome! Thanks for sharing that great quote :)
Bend Brew Dr. lovers – We just tapped a keg of Spiced Apple Kava at the Bend teahouse. It's the perfect complement to a Thanksgiving feast!
and this is why you have the greatest Milwaukee website of ALL TIME
Starting to re-think things..:/
We hang on to the older travel books for our time traveling patrons. It's all about service.
The #BeachBoys are performing live on the #Grammys, but where's Uncle Jesse? It's not the same without
and there's nothing wrong with that. Chili's is a place of no judgment.
uh yum.
haha well...yes... i hope not!
"recovery from interruption takes 5-10 times the length of the interruption"
We had a great night at Wildhorse. Special thanks to for coming to visit. Love ya Lucky.
I was fine just a guy living on my own, waiting for the sky to fall
Where are you going? I'm so ready to study abroad ...can't wait til next year
lmao but forreal i would be so happy... Like the world would be complete
The instant they catch feelings steal they love and be out in a minute - Dark Man X
Flop City going against Manu and Tony... No chance Flop City gets out with more than 1
#FOLLOWFRIDAY Happy Friday.
Yeehaw! The 45th annual CMA Awards air tonight on ABC! Who will be tuning in?
Seriously fuck distance. And america
Ladies....get ready! has a new segment on #HighHeels by ! Stay tuned..don't miss the latest fashions/best deals!
I passed, I think I would ball the whole way through
Flew in C-130 today - first time in 19 years ... Very professional troops we have in the WV Air n Army Guard. Proud of em...
Me too and my twin sis ;)
I have no idea how I'm gonna let you go and everything, but I have to.. this is so hard..
I'm hoping for a playoff win tonight!!!
RT : Thoroughly enjoyed 's talk on today in Trinity. Love the idea & the execution. >>Cheers Ian!
Wow! What a brew day. Cheers!
I need a better system.
RT : i will change the world.
itch itch papyrus is sitting on a booster chair right now
just made it back to Missouri
Volley Ball Tryouts!!!Agh Can't Wait
Thank you ;D
My wife is gonna have a man who gonna work all the time but still GON put it down on her and be there for her and the kids
@ I so feel ya on that, mofos really be thinking they sneaky.
dead serious! We can take 4 classes! I'll find out when it expires, cause I bought in like November
haha gotta love it been so many years and he comes back with fuckin emperor \m/
Wearing a pretty cute summer outfit right now :)
it's entirely mutual my friend. Safe travels!
the way I've seen the issue framed is the need to keep the fund going for coming yrs.
ONE DIRECTION MAKES ME SO ASSKLJ BROKE.
Gotta love Thursday Night Football, let's go Tebow!
happy birthday!!!! your an oldie but a goodie! haha
The girl infront of me goes to FSU, within two minutes we become friends.
woah when was this what
ONE person has texted me all day. And it was for like 30 min.
I wanna get married so I can get me one a them dresses that look like a haystack made of tulle.
Less money we spend on the bullshit, the more for the weed
the best :)
I think you're right! #salamiandvodka on both Network buses! Right and ?
TWEETING IRRELEVANT ISH BECAUSE YA KNOW YO TO THE FLICKING LO
love ya too moms :)
Only Speak Good Things.
Ha thats a sick skin!
I may have caught the plague by talking to her on the phone.. Wish me luck, gang.
RT : started deliberation this afternoon....continue tomorrow.. I'm the foreman! -- Hiarious
Now on Youtube , Amazon.com,Itunes, Cd baby, Rhapsody www.rickeyleewatson.com and catching fire ! who will be the first to interview?
oh my gosh. Did you get tips from ??
Time is more valuable than you think. Take advantage of it now.
not yet but I am turning it on now...
be happy to help - are you in DC? If not, virtual coffee also works :)
New 80app: ReturnKeywordPages - returns page content when keywords are matched
So I was just informed that I have to have surgery. Ugh I'm so scared
I would say yes. You need to be clearly independent if u r used as a sub
I think it's really sweet that my neighbor thinks i make a living doing comedy.
#Ravens get first home Monday night game since 2007 when it opens against
Looking forward to tomorrow :)
sorry for what!? What did I do!! I'm sorry !!! Make-Up sex ?
Ight tell the close homies. CLOSED invite unless I okay it!
Imagine getting handcuffed at the border 'cause you share a similar name and birthdate with a felon
Sounds wonderful!
yeah between that and Snooki having her baby then we're doomed
