What goes around comes around :-)
Tom Waddle was right. Heat had another bad loss in them as they are defeated by the Wizards tonight.
“: don't lie, was hoping unibrow was hurt badly ?” she didn't even watch #doesn'twantnone
how come ur upper lip looks like it smells like toilet water bitch
Did you know? OUR HOUSE playwright Theresa Rebeck created the NBC hit show Smash.
You're welcome!
Woke up extra early today -_-
Football Coaching to #FF // HONORED!
me and make the craziest scenarios in our heads
MakeItFunky Have a good weekend all!
Scrubs while egg roll is 10x excellent
Today is the #First Day of #Spring! What are you doing to celebrate in #Miami?
I hope you enjoyed Mandisa's video & you're getting excited about coming out to the show! I'll be posting the dance very soon, so get ready!
LOL RT that would hit Me
nothing appears to be wrong. I am using IE8
You can keep on Grillin' imma smile back
u got lost? D:
ha! I just fell out my chair laughing because should have included a disclaimer like other CE. I have nothing 2 disclose except...
Sorry Mets, you suck donkey nuts. Love, Philadelphia.
All this penguin hype made me forget about my boy Melo dropping 33 out there
By text? Classy.
it's just killing my hand having to do all these tiny curves...#gettingOld jk
can't get enough of something exciting huh!..
Q2: Video = Powerful connector/communicator.
At the track meet
That's perfectly fine, I need to watch it about three more times anyway.
I hope to see you back 0n the field, I miss you so much, your love hate attitude
Who spends all Easter day drinking? Definitely not me. Nope. Definitely not.
Who doesn't love Bulimia???
it's strange to have you back in my life...but i'm glad we're talking again cause honestly i've missed you. i hope you know that
The number and length of pregnant pauses on This American Life is stunning.
Playing with Built To Spill TONIGHT in Baton Rouge! (very interesting place)...
Happy mothers day to my mom, I know I'm a pain in your ass alot, but you put up with my shit. Which makes you the best mom, ever. <3
thats why I have a dual relationship with FB hahaha
Nice work Evans
For price quotes or to book to produce, direct, or film your next project, send us an email to
#Trivia What year did Kingdome open?
Check out the whole line of sista as background for adele that's a good look she do got soul in dat voice..
#LinkedIn a good way to represent yourself the best is be honest on your CV or
The immigration law has already accomplished phase one it's purpose, awareness. Now people think twice before immigrating into AZ.
:D YEAH.
RT : RT : Broncos are shopping CB Alphonso Smith, seeking a 5th round pick in return (never liked that trade)
+1 RT : That's Fingers of steel.
12 Days of Twitter: On 7th day of Twitter photojournalists presented to me membership in AGENCY VII 6GB flash card 5fps DSLR 4 of a kind...
I can't believe is coming to Philly in like a week...
I had like the weirdest dreams ever! Lol
All the powers in the universe are already ours. ~Swami Vivekananda
...but other friends, their kids, and the family dynamic make me want to not socialize with them for the next 20 years.
W/Out Me Your Pimping Aint The Same ,
I hope you enjoyed your one day of Mayorship at the Beer Grotto
Hm are those Wearing sunglasses in the grocery store on a rainy day...hungover or high?
Kay I'll do it later cuz now I'm on ma' phone :P
is was great seeing you at our recent briefing on The Egyptian Uprising in LA. Hope to see you at our upcoming events.
It's Only On A Scale Of 1-5 Lol
Pain is for the weal. So never let anything bring you down!
Very poor possession by the Celtics there to try and win it. Gotta do better.
yup! Dgaf w/ Mike Skillz and Andis Saturday night!
True. That. RT : You don't have to be 1st. Just be right. RT : Skiles confirms he will return as #Bucks coach
Almost done with my report on New York City.. im still in the process of typing it and its due Friday..
I'd love you forever and ever!:)
You were hacked by someone selling weight-loss products.
I like mine with Strawberry, Boysenberry, or Raspberry Jam and of course Honey. :) Yummy
Justin Bieber is looking so much like Kate Moennig
Kids at my school love smoking...I guess it's cool to fill ur lungs with smoke and increase ur chances of getting lung cancer......
Aww. I really like The Monkees :[
You're right, I never hear about Knight. I'm wore out on Lin and Kyrie Irving highlights.
#BIEBERONTHEVOICE I can't wait. I love you
OMG I WANNA SEE YOU :D
you are insane for the comment about the nets and kings #MarchMadness is the best bball played anywhere ever
thanks 4 the follow!
I am a little distraught that these sandals I bought from China don't say "frip frop"
We're a good team!! and I'm heading to class! I'll take a look at the rest when I come back :)
Tanning Beds and Prom don't mix
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. – Martin Luther King
Storify seems to be unanimous now, any other suggestions?
I realized last week that I've never announced that I left Collecta in October.
Did you like that last scene? Huh, did you? Tell me how much you liked it.
Thank you SO much. This could be awesome!
That or Wars R US. :P
lmao chill the fuck out i wasn't freaking out? I said .."okay". Lol
Back at the house watching Girlfriends
I have never seen a "good" spray tan. Ever
lets plan a weekend! Anytime
“ Fuck'd bitches that be giving up your whereabouts slow leaks gotta air em out.. #Ross”
is the best shoe ever made
thannnkk you for the psoas flow. So painful and hard to target. Brava.
Thanks man! what team you run with?
I guess you type cakin lol
Back 2 The Future
It`s true. As my sameness descends, I realize that I don`t need any more friends.
Had a blast, pleasure meeting all of you!
Waiting on that sweet, sensitive, honest, strong, thoughtful, trustworthy, god fearing man. I will wait forever if I have to.
#Twins are you kidding me? At least make it entertaining please my ESPN updates are very disappointing.
feel better soon!
Feel horrible for him, finally had his shot RT #Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL. Probably season ending.
Ok. I admit it. She's my fav too. RT Cant wait to see my favorite person!
Like a month of school left -____-
Life changes ... things don't stay the same .
#thankyou. here we go again
We are legion? Aren't we? Hey guys, where you going?
Busted water main. Just when I thought that Cinergy running fiber to our neighborhood was a blessing...
Enjoying Flossmoor Station Brewing Company's Pullman Brown Ale. Hint of molasses and smooth finish. BeerHoptacular! worthy indeed!
this time
You can me pls follow back i hafe you say on facebook
fight me
Loving the sun here, it's about time for it to come out! =) Can't wait for a long weekend of sleep... tired from AP test still... =P
Come on back to God. There are some things that you have to do.
So you finally gave in, Jay! Welcome to Twitter.
Reminder: Tomorrow Nucklehead is performing at The Milano Inn. Join us for homemade Italian food, drinks and live music!
Haha rules of engagement funny show
A sign of a celebrity is that his name is often worth more than his services.
gender&sexuality #gds challenges the stereotype r inherently biologically diverse, applies 2all, essential aspects of identity 4all
Hm what to do today. Hehehehe
If only?
I start the gym tomorrow againn:)
yo u do flyer print??
RT : It amazes me that in 2011 Yahoo Fantasy Sports still limits the number of fantasy football drafts in each time slot.
come to pittsburgh!!!!!
A soft nature of a person does not mean weakness. Remember nothing is soften than water but its force can break the strangest of rocks
well thank you SO much! I appreciate it.
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart. -Josiah G. Holland
*cue Friday by rebbeca black*
Getting a new puppy to foster tomorrow! #dogrescue makes me feel whole.
#Shoulda is my favorite song! Its in my top 5 ! Love me some #TheResolution!
Talked w/ WCC commish who's on selection committee. Says road wins, esp. in conf. huge factor for him. Not what UNLV fans want to hear.
People with clenched fists can not shake hands - Indira Gandhi
get in a good shout for me!!! I'm not gonna make it :-(
Nothing is more annoying than a sportswriter who hucks t shirts constantly. F'real, cheap hashtag shirts? c'mon. cc
the funnier thing would be someone using one
My name is Ebony I Like your name (:
yes ma'am! It gave me a good laugh!
That song that you have in your head all the time grr
no not really lol
tacos for dinner, oh yes!
"hey can I ask you a question... if justin bieber was single, would he choose me or dis skankk??"
I have my car back. Again. Until GIJ's car throws a princess fit. (Again. Because it's GOING to happen.)
It's funny how manytimes you hear "eh you button hooked me" when you are at a petting zoo with goats
Subtitle for this year's #SOTU address, "The Girl With The Neck Tattoo."
Using google forms to gather info re: student peer assessment for team presentations. Good way to gain data on participation!
been knee deep in busy at work. Feel like i missed the summer completely. More traveling this month, then hope for some calm.
Good Seeing you in the salon with !!!
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? [:
Daily I see dozens of iPhone 4S users tapping away. Never see Siri used...except when showing off
Awesome! RT : I bet it would be sweet to do Acid and loop the "Black Hole Sun" video all day.
is just a freakin boss. #TeamDrita forever!!
So much homework
no problem. Thanks for the update!
i am still getting the hang of the twitter and trying to figure out what to write! good updates to come this weekend!!
When I see John tomorrow I'm gonna make unnecessary noises like squeals lol
Best traffic jam ever! Stuck right in front of fireworks...
you can go diving in your yard
I do that more than I care to admit!
#HackedByMamaMahone look out you might wanna change your password before hacks you again! ;)
Sarcasm, Francy, sarcasm. Knapik's a master at it. Guess it doesn't come through in tweets.
RT : Does anyone have a mic for a voiceover I could *borrow* for Thursday? I can trade things!
Thanks for the follow. Heard you connected with Mr. Tidwell today. Glad you two could talk!
proud of her #UshersNewLook youth participating in gender bender day. Whether they know or not, they're promoting acceptance for LGBT youth!
Ghoulish Garfield is this Thursday and Friday night from 6-9pm! Don't miss it!
I recommend Healthy Cofee USA, Inc. Much better product and easyer business Opportunity. Let me if you want some sample's??
all the way
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on. Life was meant to be lived. -Eleanor Roosevelt
JUST GOT THE CALL
You think you know who I am, but truth is you only know what I let you see
's "move to the middle" means supporting marriage equality. Voting record indicates otherwise...
yes, Apple is all about an experience. the products support the experience, not create it.
Ur welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app. Offer promotions
Twistii supports Dollars for Scholars - Beauty School, Education and Healthcare Scholarships & Paid Internships Available - www.Twistii..com
Be sure to stop by for the 5th annual today! Lots of music and fun, indeed!
well there is obviously a difference in the cost of delivering a physical product vs bits of data, no?
Zayn. And everytime I see ya my feelings get deeper. <3
uncle needs to get out duh!!!
#nationalbestfriendday next is rainbow and butterflies day, followed by puppy and unicorn day
Can some people follow me please and i will follow back!!
I was kind of looking for something to do tomorrow. I think I'll hire somebody for the hell of it. How could that go wrong?
Excited to break in my Type A5's tonight before this weekend's Ragnar Ultra Relay.
Lamb tongue moussaka! Others have said the bolognese is also fabulous! Escargot hushpuppies are fun too. Frog legs.
We're told another kid was left on a bus in Dansville School Bus yesterday. Working on details now...
We are commanded by God to love at all times! Not just when we have a spare moment: AT ALL TIMES!
had that party over the holidays. took FORever. good luck!
Hey when is your skate across the state coming up?
I was flipping through the television guide and saw "Shark Navigator." It was just an infomercial for a vacuum cleaner. I am livid.
sure, i'll download it :D whats ur username?
that does suck! oh well it will go fast!!
Tonight at Exit In 9 PM with Ill Communication
We're going to run out of colors for submarines.
Scoot-Up was a blast! No injuries = Good. OH () "I'm scooting so fast my eyes are watering!!!"
I finished Google Advertising Fundamentals Exam part one. Advanced exam is next.
Although in some places, they'll make you pay extra!
damn i love u.oh thanks
Oh yeah - we checked out New York Mouth after we saw your Foursquare tip and we will def. be a customer of theirs.
On my way to work but this train is taking forever
I wanna get outta Memphis !
rule #1 guy dont make a sextape if u aint good in the bed.u displaying yo talent women dont like a guy who dont handle buissiness in the bed
heyy follow me
Who are you sending your love to today?
Genesis Medcial Center - Illini Campus () has named Dr. Peter J. Metcalf VP of Medical Staff Affairs.
aye let me get a family discount lol their pizza be on point lmao!!!
It's close to 1 am now /: GOODNIGHT TO ALL MY LOVELY FOLLOWERS. You all are amazing! :D -much love- #AustinTo700K <-- Last tweet! <3
although I'm finally doing the colored denim and I'm loving it.
here in TN for business. Great weather, great people and a focus on education.
I'm coming for you, Big Poppa.
Happy Thanksgiving From The Kevin Hayden Band! Enjoy and be safe!
RT : Flash #Flood Warning for Dallas/Collin Counties. Do not cross into flooded roads!
Do the Rockies and Indians play in interleague this year?
Thanks for the Article retweet. :)
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high occ. 6 ft. POOR CONDITIONS
I'm going through a thing where I want to actually be the person I want to be. Since that girl would get off Twitter & workout, so shall I.
Tonight, going to the beach for fish and chips (or grilled fish and salad) followed by a nice glass of wine.
LMAO i should like scream out "AYE YO WHERE U GET YOUR WEAVE??" OMG BAHAHA
Stop brain washing people;P did you do it to too? Cause she just started slapping me haha. no-_-
So You Don't Know Me Yet, But Where Going To Get Married #Everyoneisinvited <3
#everyblackneighborhood Got an ice cream man that never sale ice cream."we know you got that work"
So what are your thoughts on the for-pay model for news content?
. I am not a fan of this #teamceelo stuff
hahahaa you would have my baby!
So the fire at the fire museum is now out.
was in Milwaukee last night? I've got to catch him live sometime. Love his stuff.
Congrats on a great run! RT We did it! 3:25:12!!! Thanks guys! ah! My quads! Screaming! Haha! Thank you
SOX: Great to see back in the broadcast booth tonight after a bit of an absence with sinus infection.
damn right bff
Because, i cant think of an explanation ;)
oops you did it again
Saying "OH YEAH I REMEMBER." when you really don't
didn't see that coming, we just got home and hadn't turned it on yet.
Oh - subsequently a touchdown happened!
Wish I was there!!
The Hunger Games? Loved it. Last night was my 2nd time seeing it.
My neighbor from home worked there for a year. He loved his experience there.
I can't wait.
I've been there before! :)
U nothin but a J.O.K.E.
Pals lounge is located at 254 Auburn Avenue in the Old 4th Ward. We are available for private parties, shows and rehearsal space.
New Fan Page Design is pretty cool. Stop by to take a look...
Thanks Karen! Hope you're enjoying things at the News Center!
According to sources, the Cardinals have reached a two year agreement with Carlos Beltran! $26 million.
Off to the hospital
Effort: Its so simple yet people make it seem like its so hard.
Thank you for all of your hard work for the campaign!
Thai government stinks.
Happy for my dude ... grinding it in the panhandle!
nope i'm at school right now smh won't be back until next week!
Happy Birthday Cuz
It ain't happening for ME! lol.
#NeverApologizeFor saying what you mean; only how it is put
I'm going to the One Direction concert next summer!!!<3
crazy that before I saw the pic, I knew it would involve Rio. Is that Vidigal?
Off to The Cinefamily to attend an IDA panel about PBS and then a screening of PORCO ROSSO.
Makin' T-shirts for YOU to wear at the TLDS show on Friday in Chicago!
Free tours at 2pm and 4pm today!
I didn't even see that last part, soon enough? Good news coming?!
Home with the boys, bless your vibrant yellow ass, Spongebob.
best damn karaoke jam tonite. sing a song get a free drink. specials on coronas and bomb shots all night long. kicks off at 10pm
I love Jackie
and i know no one says "happy april fools"...k?
he is such a fag cant stand him!!
my favorite is the fake sunroof - LOL!
when ya sit on them?
#UGOTSOMENERVE to talk about my business beyond my back
like I said
Thanks so much. We appreciate your support! :D
your such a loser, guh!(:
do people really care these days...would some1 really giv their life for u?? That'd only B true love <3
Hey good to hear from you! Yes, call on 11-11 works.
If you know me, there's a lot of things I keep hidden about my personal life... Sometimes it's better not to reveal the full story...
anyone else think it was funny Luck had a 2003 flip phone
Again it is duties, labors, and anxieties
<3 Richie RT : is playing right now! Yuessssss. I am loving this Tuesday night.
14 years in the making. More than ready for 9 p.m. to arrive.
some interesting nomenclature, that's fo sho
Go for subtle, realistic, and use the house sound.
can't argue with that
nope. We got this. “: (?) Should the Lions gone for 2? Just askin'”
I always do that! I hate it too, its so annoying;p lol
Momma may have, Poppa may have, but God Bless the Child that got his own!
Finished my last class on credit recovery.. such a weight off my shoulders..
My love! I've been thinking about you, girl!
Lord please watch and guide me in the path in which you would want me to go through, protect me from the devil and evrything not of you Amen
Epic Drives Episode 4: Land Rover Discovery Tackles Russia ...
#OnlyGhettoPeople buy the new "Jays" before they pay rent...
i heard that it sounds like your radio show is keeping you busy.
The one good thing about being stuck in the office from 9 am to 9:30 pm? I didn't have to deal with the heat all day!
K's troop met w/ a Cntr for Refugee Srvcs vol: What makes you a refugee: 1-political issues; 2-religious issues; 3-they just don't like you
Hello Detroit
The BookScan Station in Suzzallo is amazing! Fast, user-friendly, free to use, and even does OCR scanning. Thx !
The Main Library is offering Free Math Help every Sunday in February at 2pm. No registration is necessary. All ages. Call 282-4655.
Hooray for Dad! Hope you guys had fun. : )
Happy Birthday Patrick! Great to see you at Chatham Baroque's Peanut Butter & Jam Sessions, as always.
In fact, this whole week sucks...
The aim of the system must be clear to everyone in the system
hahahhahahahha cool beans! Sorry bro though, Hawaii beats all ;D we're beast
Bravo TV... Really? You have got to do better.
whoa whoa whoa... #USD: the most overprivileged campus in America.
This is such a sad situation, when a knock on your door wakes you up, you jump out of bed and run and answer it since its probably a package
First Hitchens. Then Havel. Now Kim Jong Il. I can't take this roller coaster!
I always forget how much I hate Megabus. Until I get on one.
Wait a minute... Is this a trick?
I am literally starting a new game right now. Thinking about being khajit. Def gonna marry Balimund like I should have before
i might actually watch x factor now that demi's a judge.
I'm nervous to start college this fall
he didn't stiff you? I think I heard a story like that in the bible once.
You really should get some sleep.
I just ate lunch outside in February!
damn... U speeding huh...
haha that's a good point. But I haven't brought a girl home in like 2 1/2 to 3 weeks. WAY TOO LONG
Best Friends that don't text back!!!
Tonight 7pm at Cameli's 699 Ponce De Leon Ave. Hear about WonderGlo and how you can help. Need artists, handy folk, hard workers, friends!
I THINK ITS IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU TO NOTICE MY LOVE FOR YOU.
Mr. Bush as president led an effort to pass a comprehensive immigration overhaul, including a path to citizenship for those here illegally
hey what's up
Go Judy! Now you are a twittering fanatic!
Finally got it all figured out :)
Exactly...good interview with Clark Kellogg...Come on Jayhawks...get it together
#Rangers win in 3 OT. Phew.
Taking off for a visit to Tucson next weekend
Its so hard to trust guys now :'/
Here we go!
yes in the long run - but many people give up part way through because they feel the writing isnt good.
We are currently trying to get the site going as soon as we can, thanks for your patience. We are very excited to see all of the artwork
Migraines make you hate everything.
Q1d #PR is organic, marketing is many times a pay to play, smart consumers know that
If beautiful is what you think is just on the outside, then you've lost sight of everything.
Niggas are so disrespectful
Yay san francisco tomorrow :]
i cant spell for my life. stop using big words.
I need my phone. I need a phone.
You are still dangerous... but you can be my wingman anytime!
Yup. I actually don't think beaning is treated severely enough.
what the fuck am I supposed to do
Jk. The thing is still hurting my brain.
I SUPPORT CO-BRO!
Damn, I have a fuckin huge headache from dat Mid late nite
It is better to be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt! -Mark Twain
I aint been retweeted in a solid hour so im off this bitch dueces
lucky! what beach? im from rochesterny. its ghetto lol
Also, you guys are on Whidbey? Nice - where at? I grew up there.
is standing at yet another radio job decision crossroads. :>{
getting rid of this cold I have, getting to bed early tonight, hoping tomorrow is a brand new better day than today!
Awh shucks xD I'll rep you if you rep me.
me to talk
One thing being in the Army taught me was to never ask someone to do something you wouldn't do first.
Don't forget...Today is the last day to drop courses or withdraw without DR or W on your transcript. See your advisor to discuss options.
bleeding gold care package headed your way!!
Edward isn't on right now :(
Tonight is episode 100 of #BeerDiplomacy. Join us at 7pm ET as we celebrate! Guests include & ... !!
Check out 's numerous childish tweets against #madonna. Seriously? Lame.
I agree. Love the movie. So sad to see that I was all alone watching it.
thanks for the follow. Blessings on you and your ministry!
MORE CONGRATS 2 , & massive team for their Overseas Press Club for the GIVING LIFE special
This week's www.DocumentaryTelevision.com examines The Oprah Winfrey Network, set to launch in 2011
quit fighting! This is too real! Ah!
Haha. Tell me about it.
RT : thanks for the follow! Check out my feature film which will be touring the country...
can we maybe soon perhaps possibly do lunch in scumburg soon?
is it weird that Butterscotch is my favorite? That goes for pudding AND Dilly Bars
Blink 182's "Take Off Your Pants And Jacket" is one of the finest albums of all time. I feel bad for you for not appreciating it.
Heading to Spokie to see my CC!
I Need More Bi Friends(: <3
Thanks for the follow! We're huge fans of dramaturgy! Audition-Studio.com
In sports, Pirates at Braves 1:35 PM, watch it on ROOT....
's Ustream with Was so funny! <3 Grand Ustream!
hahah dude, im so out of wack today, like legit
Have a great one twitter! Heading home. :) hopefully Buddy behaved himself and I dont find my laundry shredded into bits.
But it all depends on the package that is to be signed
Elk Bratwurst today!!
It strikes me as weird that words like 'bigotry' and 'hate' and 'tolerance' have been redefined in the last few years.
Verdict is in - Congrats to Chase Shields. -ms
With my big sister !!! :)
Had a great day job shadowing. 6th grade <3
Only 10% of Libyan people have internet access, during the revolution there was no internet access, social media didn't promote revolution
omg how cute! What kind did you get her?
Hey Bard, that cluster F Koch chart was dtd 2008.I didn't c #ALEC on it. Bless #WiPeople for routing #ALEC out.
#AndrewLuck will throw his first pass at Lucas Oil Stadium to Anderson's Holden Harless tonight. Follow for updates and a story.
"Yesterday is a bounced check, today is a cash advance, and tomorrow is an I.O.U" -Unknown ... <--Today is all you have, go get better!
Hours like this one r what keep from hitting his potential. Is he seriously reading from his book? Unbelievably boring
It's almost August! Can't wait to drop this show!
#raw10 I was n Church n the Usher leads a Fat Lady 2 sit by me. But, the space was real small. It was like parking a 747 n a car parkin spot
Anarchists make better lovers anyway.
Aren't you adorable? Now go run and play with your little friends, and let us grown ups talk.
Excited for #KWFR not sure well make it out there though. Looks to be a dynamite event.
shaking things up. What a day!
RT : The phonetic spelling of "phonetic" is "fa-net-ik." This is also the definition of "ironic."
Vote for me and as your prom king and Queen tomorrow palmetto students. Please go out and support :)
If You Think Your Lonely..Your Not, Our Father Is Always There With You...
Happy Cool Sat. Everyone..Make it a God One and Keep Rockin!')..
Patiently waiting for the arrival of Dr. Michael McShane.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 15
I've got a 50 miler today! Got to get out and enjoy some sun!
i would like to thank #Google for helping me with all my high school homework and essays
Only problem with being a political science major is that I don't seem to understand all the political jokes that my classmates find funny.
Loved getting breaky with this morning
We just might have our new CD done this week! It's been a long year of recording Makaras Pen..
That awkward moment where most of the US population don't even know who US One Direction are and they DO know who UK One Direction are..
Hi All We are over here wishing everyone a good rest of the evening! We will be here GET AT US! LETS MAKE SOME MOVES FOR OUR FUTURE!
No): I'm on a phone/Tablet thing so the actual thing wouldn't show up.
Thanks for the RT love!
Okay you pc gurus out there...why do I have an "x" in place of my Twitter pic? How do I fix it?
I don't feel good! I hate cramps! 😒
In Indiana, grandparent visitation can be invoked through death of parent, child born out of wedlock, or termination of marriage...
A2 Companies should cultivate the employee connectors to tell the company "inside story"...
Dumb, coaches get hung up on what he is not. RT : Very solid 2012 PG playing this wkend in Mitch Badilla. He's unsigned coaches...
so do you think we as a theatre community are shaping the form to accept alternate forms? or keep tradition
Excited to watch #Celtics-#Bulls tonight. Boston has to take advantage of D. Rose being out and get a road win.
at least the badgers would win that and 2 seconds probably wouldn't matter.
well, we can't really blame this on Melo being out. #cuse had several opportunities we did not take advantage of tngt. back at it Monday.
perfect weather as far as i'm concerned.
Ever since I been in public school ive been getting into a lot of problems cause I been defending a LIAR this whole time !!
#HowToTreatALady the same way she treats u
great. Yeah im proud of him. Im glad youre doing well
A fatal flaw of most SMEs: "It's easier to tell 'em how to do it." Do we do this too, when working w/ SMEs?
plz plz baby follow me! I love u Elijah
Prom pictures are up :3
u can't expect someone else to do wut u suppose to do...
"Why are you so afraid? Do you still have no faith?" -Mark 4:40
my phoness broken, but i getting a new one this weekend(:
Some say this is the worst economy since the Great Depression.. What are your thoughts on our economic future?
Cute puppy!
Today is boring as hell so far. Tonight will be better tho.
On set!!! I'm cold and sick but I am ready!!!
can you share my youtube video announcment please ;) ;) ;) haha
yah buh cause you cant get over the fact that she didnt vote for Rachel. she voted for her ally.
I wonder what #caseyanthony must be thinking as Judge Perry issues the 2nd contempt judgement during jury selection.
I really like the lions pick a lot.
I hate when someone stays behind me when I'm using my computer.
nice avi..but u look slicker than a can of grease :-) and who the hell is this chick wildin from hershelwood?
Everyone make a resolution? I hope it includes your health & a little fun.
Just finished cutting final batch of sound effects for "Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed." Delivering to mixer Carlos Sanches tonight!
Thanks LLA for a great Tuesday Straight Talk this morning.
yes...is there anywhere that delivers after 3?
why are y'all tagging me in this?
Life’s a beach. And I’m ok with that.
Big Day ... #MW3 time...I'm watching #Castle instead :)
hey -Is there a difference between TNT and dynamite? Asking for a friend (beep beep).
Signed and done :-)
Excellent idea! Where do you like to golf? Have you ever checked out one of our courses?
Mass Effect's ending was a lot like LOST's - a Matthew Fox looking guy named Shepherd stumbling wounded to his god-appointed destiny
pick me!!! Wait, arent you the
Whisper it once, just a little bit
you should be waited on hand and foot;-)
I don't mind heat, but I hate humidity.
#ItAnnoysMeWhen u Know That ur Best friends Boyfriend Is Cheating On Her But When u Tell Her She Doesn't Believe You -_- & ur like uh !
Learning about frame data while I watch #WNF. It's cool, I didn't want a girlfriend anyways.
sup Molly!!!
Thank you for your continued support!
thanks! done:)xx
not working sophomore formal is the best news i've gotten all day.
Hi, I see that you are a entrepreneur. Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?
This weekend is your last chance to catch #CARNEVIL on stage. Call 310-281-8337 or email for info.
How rad would it be to have at the #NtlEqMarch and at the event?!!? She's an advocate for queer and youth rights!
Let me see ur body go lala...
RT : Mother, there is no other. So treat her right this #MothersDay w/ brunch at 10am to 2:30pm Reservations!
looks like alot of fun
I'm so glad you said that, I hate FB, I've been saying it's juvenile for months. I avoid it 99% of the time.
Things me and can buy with $1000.. 1000 donuts, a family dollar, new equipment, 400+ 4 lokos.. to be continued
No tv, no Internet, and no books left in the apt. Waukesha, you're even more boring than before and I didn't think that was possible.
agreed! I love the ad, people need to calm down!
Hey steph can you get me a job
crossed over from British Eurosport to Eurosport just in time for arenberg
Enjoy! Welcome home! :)
If I didn't know how completly crazy I am then I would be offended
"In the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory Sheldon Cooper sings a line of the song in the Season 2 episode..."
Ima Guy But I still like
Haters are still jumping the gun we are still guilty until we prove our innocents RNC discord in Chocolate City,DC . concealing the truth .
Got my tickets, May 12th Disney World here I come, or as it's pronounced in Portuguese JISney World!
enjoying a sunny day
lololol Uncle Sam gets over on a lot of people now a days (US military)
my constant dilemma, I say don't shower.
Happy Birthday - hope you had a great day :)
Weird this is so weird.
that's what I thought! You need to stay on this and find out whats up. #Pittsburgh is wait for you.
“: Two types of service ecosystems: one product/serv across places, multiple products/services across places. - #idea10”
Lady Phoenix is not broken up but on hiatus.
Follow us all on twitter!
remember "sit. bad waverly! i said sit!" LOL times a thousand
I love the saying "Remember God spelled backward is D-O-G." In a small way Dog's can show us God's truly unconditional love. Faithful.
let me get back to it
Yeah, bee's, jello, and a leaky toddler would be a frightening scenario. Let's hope it isn't a prophecy.
not often
and all of y'all. Are #BAD.. Especially you!..
can I get a RT for my son, Preston, on his 7th bday!
NYC! catch tonight: Studio @ Webster Hall - 7:30 PM set time
what's w/ the seductive looking card at lower rt hand side? Looks like you need that wrist brace 4 other reasons.
My little brother got me a Blood For Blood record & a Dystopia record to add to the other awesome things I got
What's a man's idea of foreplay? A half hour of begging.
#Tan for #FREE at any of our 8 salon locations TOMORROW March 10! 8am-8pm!
Good Morning Tweeties!
Thank you so much! We are so blessed to have her in our lives. Can you believe someone was going to leave her out on the street?
game is going to last forever!
it doesn't hurt
Hopefully today will be better than yesterday..
Would you be interested in a combined concert?
#np - "Shot Caller"
if its true I'm sad:( I love blackberry...
woke up to a 4am nausea alarm. feelin better now, mainly cuz i'm completely empty.
Hey now!
I'm sorry but that will never happen -b RT : Hey you guys should cover Love And Memories by O.A.R. :)
Mike I just got word Gronks ankle is fine..it will have to be to support the Lombardi trophy.
For sure. Props to him for that. And maybe Quietdrive will get a bump in sales, perhaps?
I thought it was supposed to rain?
Gary Busey (), Nick Nolte, & Mickey Rourke. The top-3 list of guys you don't want your mother/sister/daughter to bring home.
We'll definitely need to get the word out. You could join us for our meeting next Tues!
I'm literally sad about this
When I learned to dry my tears, I found a shoulder to cry on
lmfao she doesn't have her phone.. Come visit me
Good morning! #blessed&highlyfavored
fucking sod ass hair
Look, the connections are happening already!
Haha :] I'll be waiting to meet you! lots of love :] are you going to work on a new song?
It's like Movin mountains....
#FumbleRecovery & fight...yeah we're playing the
Sleepy can't get comfy...
END THE INSANITY THAT IS BULLYING
U will luv it. Fascinated by it: RT : Cannot wait to read Code to Joy by #tggr brilliant! - me too
Thanks! Will do!
Stewart's hard-hit balls are finally starting to miss the fielders.
trying to sleep on sunday nights is the worst.
all set boo boo
Always...RT : "Think and wonder, wonder and think." - Dr. Seuss
Unfortunately, as a soccer dad as an unpaid job, part of my life involves scanning stuff to send to tournament directors.
THROWW IT AWAYY, FORGET YESTERDAY, WE'LL MAKE THE GREAT ESCAPEE
What's everyone up to tonight?!
Nurse Earl administers stitches too?
Ramen Noodle you say?
no bc its not a loser.... we will name it bob... IF U EAT IT... im gonna be mad
Oh, didn't mean it as that mysterious!--altho it's all Mystery. In real-life, I just blurt things out, and don't censor much.
And I have to redo my hair before work.
What's it like to watch it on an iPad 3, I wonder….. :P
Good night world.
Actively looking for a Project Manager and Flash Programmer. Please email me if you know someone interested.
my niece lives army base @ Ft Benning ny storms headded th@ way?
To reach new unemployment rate Obama uses fewer # of jobs to measure unemployment. Magically, SAME ACTUAL NUMBER OF UNEMPLOYED is lower %.
Awww, well have a good time! When do you leave?
#Wobble Hey big girl make him back it up :P
I was going to trip you but you were on the stairs <3
My point is not to adopt new technology just because it's new. Look how it fits what you do and enhances it.
me neither :)
I'm getting tired of Saltines... I want chicken noodle soup.
Whenever deer stare at me I feel like I'm in a Mexican stand-off.
lmao mrs o'connell said that in class today. miss you aniterz!
Good morning.. #tooearly #tired /:
Once Again NEW CD RELEASE DATE: NOVEMBER 29th @ BLUES ALLEY!!
haha jus havent found the right one , n thanks ill need it :)
- think Apple should just buy Tesla?
thanks for sharing! Did you get our latest edition?
love Easter.
Yes, please send submissions to
AWESOME WORK GIRL!!! ♥
Going to get the car washed up and then pick up my girl
I can be a freak, every day or every week.
the best part is Favre doesn't see him coming
I'm thinking all three? And don't for get a 3-hole putt putt. Need to keep the game sharp.
ugh. It's fine. This is just another thing to add to the list of lies I tell myself.
Was great to have w/us! RT : new club at the venetian called Smokin Hot Aces 107.9 & urs truly will be out there tonight from 9 to 11
The single remaining Mountain Dew and various other items--everything on the lobby table is up for grabs! #THATCamp Games
Attention? Haha I think so!
All magic comes with a price
We can heal bodies, but can we feed them?: According to the Center for Rural Affairs, the expanding shortage of food outlets is affli...
looking for to play Max Payne 3 soon when it comes home
#IfItWasUpToMe you would be at military school . -_____-
Headcount! Who's going to the mixer tonight in #Midtown? Me
Black Friday shopping that matters! Black friday only Get 15% off your order when you use the code given at midnight! Help those in need!
I love it..
or was this plan z already? I forgot and almost don't care anymore. When can I expect to be homeless? ETA?
Looking forward to it. Thanks
“Happiness depends upon ourselves.” ~Aristotle
I TRIED MY BEST. but i think i ruined it with the word y'all...i cant help it if im Texan lol
plz follow back :)
You don't even know how happy this makes me. Streaming tears of happiness right now.
Living vicariously through my friend photos of Easter in #dolorespark #sistersofperpetualindulgence since I can't be there today.
we may have to...unfortunately...
Who's the top team in the west again??!! Oh yeah that's the spurs!!!!! #NBAPlayoffs #addiction 💜😍
Sleeping is one thing that I'll never get tired of. Get it? Tired? Lol I try too hard. Goodnight everyone.
So hungry now!
Something about motherhood makes them attracted to me. I tried talking to one girl, then she got pregnant, & liked me AFTER the baby O_o
yo man might be movin to OK soon. Let me of some chill spots to hit up for a drink. You know anyone playin rugby out there?
thanks for following me <3
The haters can talk all they want about Justin Bieber. But he will always have his fans that love him and support him.
On that note! Goodnight every one :)
Good for you, glad to hear it. I'm still waiting. Guess this is like a snow day...
History blows
pick me up right now?
rob a million dollars & throw me a couple thousand ! ♥
The way I looked yesterday >>>
deluca's in the strip of in regent square.
Hey guys! it was great stopping in this weekend and getting treats! thx for chatting with me too!
i understand niggas talk behind my back..but the thing is, im real and thats something they lack.
thanks so much!
Going to Sunnyvale. I need recs on good craftbeer bars in area.
hahaha that poor kid!! I love the reason for knowing them: they're future presidents hahaha
Actor's Choice client Doug Kampner must be the busiest actor I know!! Congrats on your recent booking for a role in the new Batman movie!!
I found a tyre in the middle of the road??!!
there's always someone tellin' on you
Give credit to Doc Rivers on a great out of bounds play to end game and run clock out
New human statue idea tonight at Pier 60 pictures soon to come!
We are making our first album!!! Check out our fundraiser! Album out 2.17.12
Read Charles Beard, "An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States"
RT : You sound stupid. RT : you think Future a better lyricist than Drake? keep it real too <<4real!!
I had to rewind my DVR on that. Did he say what I think he said? Truly awesome.
TWITTER PARTY! EVERYBODY DANCE NOW!! ♫♪
yeah man
Pay attention ladies !!!!! close your legs and open a book.
#FF thx 4 ur kind words and caring tweets these last few days. You are the best!
This is comedy central...
Common baby
Are you a fan of Souvlaki and Moussaka? Come enjoy them both at the Sponge Docks of Tarpon Springs!
BREAKING NEWS; ATL Studio has #caught on fire. NO Injuries, Hes thinking like WTF Happened.
follow real as they get don't sleep follow her now.....
don't need it I have fins for the swim and a motor for my bike.
what's up son?!? you in the states or still cross the water?? Hit me up...
They run this company like a casino. 8 am and the cleaning crew is vacuuming.
get up
Welcome to MLA! I'm looking forward to a great Monday.
have a great time!
Watching talk by Edward Ayers
Only because so many have been asking...we are open for the rest of the week from 12 noon until 10 pm. Make sure u stop by if u want more $$
no, don't joke about that.
Yeah, it's like they control everything we do. Erg.
i love when shaq and Charles get into it on the half time show hah
like I said - something obvious that I'm missing. I was hoping he was referring to some super secret news.
Volunteering at a blood drive for the #RedCross at the #Oshkosh office. Stop in! 11:30 to 3:30
Game over! Turnovers, lack of concentration & fundamentals tackling and catching, sitting the starters week 17 cost the Packers!
<3 Hey pretty girl!
from johannesburg,south africa freelance writer dj qone ispeakhiphop magazine.he's using precise bio/publicity photo.
yeah I'm tired but I'm watching cold case files ahah
That's fantastic! Wanna email me to describe how you used GBS, and the value it added to your work? I'm brandon AT arl DOT org.
I can't hear myself think at this beyond the net event, when the announcer says anything about candy it's like the second coming
good u
One of my boys spend so much time telling me negative things bout myself but yet around me almost everyday. #bigmistake A Island man I be..
My mom called to say thanks for the $100 I left on her bed, and that Im her #1 lol I know
Not just the helmet. I wear the full Saturn-Apollo IL7 Spacesuit when wheeling the aisles at HomeDepot.
- <3 <3 <3 and an extra one <3 for Carla S-W on the debut of Flicker Studio - get disruptive !
very awesome!!
Thanks for the RT Sherri! May your palate always be drenched with fine wine!
I think I know what you're talking about. There's a natural choice beauty shop and also a sallys type store
Thank you for checking in! Hope to see you soon!
Yeah and you will haha
many thanks to you for helping find the missing people...
Time to pass out medicine & get them to bed. Hope we're almost done with this.
Congrats , Chi Psi and for raising $5300 for Julie's medical expenses at Jam for Julie at !
I figured you'd like an influx of #Badgers, Ben. All good guys, too. RT
naked bear back is in the building
Normally I don’t deal with pedestrians hailing cabs on the street.
Good thing I paid attention to Sesame Street, it's time to file some stuff. I have to remember LETTERS and stuff. Well maybe not stuff.
I'm putting a fan next to my desk so my hair doesn't stick to my face when I whip it around. Archivists=primal & sweaty
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
I can't reenact the Matrix when sober, good for him.
Remember when gay meant carefree and happy? Then what's the problem with gay marriage? I've had one for decades by definition.
Jersey shore omg
just twisted my ankle this junk hurt like hell
go get down with your inner African queen!
"That spider is more scared of you than you're scared of it." ''oh really, did it tell you that?!"
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 14
at work, in some bullshit meeting!!!
sleepy but cant fall asleep :/
totally agree! how old are you? :)
shouldn't you be directing anger towards Weiner not Breitbart? You get mad at married guys hitting on you, why you sparing him?
Be careful of those who pat you on the back. They may be looking for a spot to plant the knife!
Great shoutout on #NBC for St. Paul Mayor -- hitting the ice downtown for Hockey Day in America.
I agree. It's like the family is all back together again ... Kinda like Christmas
coming at 11 we'll tell you about changes OSU made after a string of robberies and why they say the campus community is safer
Thanks to everyone who came out and supported our day party this past Saturday. We greatly appreciate it ~ Neph & T. Wynn
Thank you!
you should really watch it. They break badness in such a good way.
you mean his tweets and shut up no one will listen
exactly my words... Where are you tonight?
Im all smiles so excited bout this new chapter in my life travel is always my dream so glad that I got fam from all over the world
Consider Lincoln's giant statue, networked to the nation's new text-to-a/v system))) "Testing! Read - my - tweets - B4 u Follow, u twit!"
Good Morning my Tweeters..!
im supposed to be doing my hw but then i went on youtube...
Just went to the blog. Interesting! Thanks for the info! And I love your hat!
Why don't you start off with your favorite destination? Manilla, NYC or Nantucket perhaps?
A fresh wind and a new day..... I receive it Lord!!!
Thanks! I'm getting a house instead of a baby :)
You got it and happy holidays to you from the KOKO Dennis Show!
is there one of those close to the east side?
Either misunderstanding Foucault or he seems to have advocated that we treat life & work on the same level.
Im Early Bird !
this shit crazy if it aint one thing its the other smh
A hypothetical question: How do working-class actors audition & work small gigs in NYC? (Where to stay, transportation...) Is it feasible?
when elected to state or federal offices.
Conflict is healthy; anger is not. Get some help for that. Or go for a run....
play without lebron and see what happens
Thanks for following Julie! How do you like L.A.?
I love metaphor the way some people love junk food.
#Broncos plane has touched down!
that was my biggest complaint with a palm too! Exciting about the droid!!
I want Burger King..
can I cumulative!
J.J. Hardy now has a five hit game, I'm guessing career high...
Thanks for the follow , & !
Miller: sideboards keep us moving forward. We know what happens when there aren't any.
is that red flannel lucky for you? it seems like you wear it at performances a lot(: heehehe
That would be a good idea! I didn't think it was you asking me if I made enough money. LOL
what's your first day takeaway? Gotta have AT LEAST one!
but it was still fun, met some cool people and handed out some fliers! thanks for letting us know about it!
& I are gonna be tipsy before we even get to house 😳
now if it was us three on the island I wouldnt :)
Excellent! We need to catch up!!
I'll do better. Using the clippers, carve the #caps logo into the back of of my head!
R.I.P. Steve Jobs! Come back again soon!
We forget that happiness doesn't come as result of getting something we don't have, but rather recognizing/appreciating what we have. Koenig
Wishing I had the second hunger games right about now
RT : Mom lost boy. Found boy but wouldn't answer to name. Mom forgot to mention that week he would only answer to "Batman."
loved your book but your constant use of "Democrat" as an adjective is jarring. Its a well known slur R's use towards dems.
If you’re a Gold Award recipient, put it on your resume.
I hate not being able to wash my arm. Stupid tattoo.
I LOVE YOU BABYCAKES!
To my faithful followers: Josh, Elizabeth, Pamela, Erin and That Camp Columbus... I won't forget you when I get, like, 25 followers. Mkay?
this move i do not get?! when we have 2 proven coaches on the bench and former player in buck who could be a coach
Yes, most definitely; I will be sure to keep in touch! Commendable work you're doing! Will spread the word...
So I told her I'm getting More & she said Ok, Lmaoo. Idk my mom anymore O_o
Bust day ahead. Need to get things done before the 8" of snow hits this afternoon
so..... I have no idea what song you're talking about. That's how hip I am!
now im waiting on u
going to have lunch just to try that.
This CJ was like no Kazakh woman I have ever seen. She had golden hairs, teeth as white as pearls, and the asshole of a seven year old.
you'll be a tough act to follow. Hopefully pack nation gets the A. Rodg of beat writers to fill your shoes. Congrats, Greg!
Doesn't seem like it at this time. It's not the first time I've been asked about this. I'm going to put it on my todo list
MT : Dallas TPPA round: USTR has put on a big push to get right holder lobbies to have a bigger presence, hold more side events.
How souls the pressure be handles when final is nearby???
Thanks family for an awesome worship set this morning! You rock! SING IT LOUD & SING IT PROUD!
Who's trying to go in tonight? Lmao
Gotta love this las vegas weather today. Let the sunshine in, get your windows and screens cleaned. vegaspressurewashing.com
Crush is super illusive, so have your zoom ready :) Crushes last official sighting was in March, but heard of a sighting on Wed
This is true. But the albatross has bad literary associations, and I don't think of Alligators as child friendly. :)
BostonGlobe.com subscribers - check out the live stream of the David McCollough talk with Joe Kahn. It is fantastic!
#SteelerNation + RT. Your kind of a big deal....right? Haha
Come on aaron rodgers let's do this
bastards! I tried best buy today but people were waiting in line like #blackfriday Heard HP is raisin price on next ones avail.
haha everyone used google to get the same anwser!
I have to be in three different places at 6PM. I wish I had Hermione's Time-Turner right about now!
I want whataburger...
check to make your account wasn't hacked and you're not messaging people...thats what happened to us.
that will be cool.
I think it's bullshit that the pickiest eater of the group is the one who ultimately decides on the pizza toppings.
kinda close(:
So when are you going to do an entire show in Spanish??? I miss your Spanish word of the day!
Ha! RT : Coffee is a great way to convince your body that you've been getting plenty of sleep.
Heard a great affirmation in an audio by , at least 50 times a day, for 21 days, say out loud "I'm enough." #powerful stuff yo!
Getting a haircut always makes me feel like a new man.
saw the video with the little girl interviewing the guy from the cribs! hilarious! love those kids!
Shouldn't have given the police my work info lol now theyre gonna show up at Sonic asking me questions and shit.
I am going to start saying thats sexy on a regular basis
You'll be able to do whatever you want with it. Streaming will be easy to access.
yeah, im great.
Dropping Andy off @ work & then heading to Reaching Forward. I'm presenting & getting nervous.
Good day everyone!!
awesome! congrats jennie!
Just had an incredible Mother's Day brunch @ the Anchorage (Hilton MKE River Hotel) --no other meal will be needed 2day for sure;)
Congrats #NorfolkState what a game! You deserved it!
Open 12pm-4pm today! The Fungus Among Us sold out last night, but we are STOCKED on the regular menu!
when u done? O_o
no a snow suite
I could really use some help from people on Extreme Coupons right now as I stock up my apartment
Patiently waiting on the coffee to kick in.. Red Coffee Cup... I lift you up..
SOO GORGEOUS! I LOVE THIS PIC and YOU! :)
I would say I need a cocktail, but then that makes me sound a lush - but a shot of something cold an smooth would be real nice right now.
TKing a nap was a mistKe, now i cant fall asleel
I'ma miss you malik :'(
Hopping on a jet plane today to get a very special guitar. Life is good.
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself, after all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century. —Dame Edna Everage
I'm sorry but there are certain situations where flashmobs are not the best way to go about things..
Pilates Plus Scripps is starting to sound really nice!!!! Starting an adult "Core Only" Thursdays 5:15-6:00 Stay posted..
I have this really really catchy japanese song in my head. I love it.
Last day of frap happy hour :(
you should come to the city and go shopping with me any day this week!
i love you can i get i love u back?!?!:) <3333
Wouldn't trade a day here to be back in zero beach
"If you aren't invited to the table, you are probably on the menu." - David Quolke. President, Cleveland Teacher's Union
On the plane to Berlin via Iceland.
you are soo silly....and you actually have a good singing voice too lol
Haley Reinhart Sent Home On 'American Idol'
Walking forever.
Thanks for the post on FB changes! That's why I keep our fan page open all day at work & only schedule after-hour msgs on hootsuite
Welcome newest member Morrell Printing
The sandwich told to the toaster : "just gonna stand there and watch me burn" !!! :D:D:D
what!! Who's class are you taking?!
"I want to get really drunk tonight" ... "that counts as a goal, right?"
Viva la fiesta,
can i go to bed please since we're not even doing something in school today? no? awh.
This See's caramel chocolate lollipop is making me feel like a [natural woman]...
If I'm the one driving or giving directions to a new destination, know that I have one route: the scenic one. We'll get there. Most likely.
Law librarians can get all the experts together.
Can't load a photo on YouTube? Get your shit together!
"Feed your head." - The Doorman
#ImLame whatever I think its cute :p be careful & have fun!!!!:)
going to the fair tonight. rain or shine.
Haha. I gotta go! Nice talking to u though! Bye! :)
If the #mavs still had on roster we probly wouldn't be down 2 to OKC...
physics lab ...
just got a chance to test out the ESXi Dump Collector from 1 of our vSphere5 dev hosts VMware #PSOD, it's a good thing, if U can capture it
I gave her everything I had ! She just tossed it away ! >:'/ i can't get her outta my head >.< ! She fucked me up big time!
It is so time consuming! But I see that businesses are having success with it, so I want to figure it out. We'll see ;-)
You're at Howard Hughes, man.
needs to come back to instagram
I used to be in a band called "Missing Cat" . You probably saw our posters .
Happy you finally saw it!! Hope you liked it :)
Congratulations to Dr. Josh Mersky for his successful promotion to Associate Professor with tenure!
Skin-whitening products, like KOSE Sekkisei, whiten skin, get rid of freckles, refine skin's texture, and promote an even skin tone.
Meet Wilshire the Firedog in person at Hope For Firefighters on June 4 www.hopeforfirefighters.org!
I freaking love and her vids, but these fake Facebook accounts of her NEED to stop. Seriously y'all. #GAH!
didn't bring me no cereal n junk. :/ .
ah okay haha sorry wasn't sure :P
Busting out last year Xmas present...the perfect brownie pan. Let's see how perfect they really are.
Have a great weekend!! thanks!!
ok ... disregard previous whining about apparent disappearance of my twitter following list. it's resurfaced.
Well then I've still got room for improvement! (RT currently holds 3 out of my top 5 most played songs on itunes.)
“: Players must get their skills to level that allows them to do what they want to do; not what the defense forces them to do!”
when people creep on facebook and call you out on everything <<
okay no doubt!! Love ya!!
:( my friend got mayday parade concert tickets for her bday and now she cant go because none of her friends can and I cant either):
that movie is amazing
not tonight, tomorrow night (Wed) at On April 30, we'll be Mondays at and Tues and Wed at
Glitter fight. You should see the apartment where this took place. It's going to look magical for some time.
i am no doctor but a nurse cant really prescribe but i always tke tylenol for headache or mefenamic acid when i was in the phil
you will notice me and one day, remember us from #thecodenottingham you said our banner was #awesome :')
TY for #ff! RT : #FollowFriday shout out to Center for #Nonprofit Advancement members
“: I CANNOT stand repeating myself 😠” .......neither can mulrat
Just picked up an amazing raffle item from Starr Hill, brew tour, growler, pint glasses and more!
Quick poll -- How long is TOO long to hug the Commish?
WOW! The San Diego Zoo and Safari Park.. Offering Diversity Platinum Members $4.00 off tickets! What a day for our card holders!
Getting ready for work....Kinda dont want to go
When is your birthday?
im coming in December
Boss women are classy, strong, independent, loyal and lovable. They know what they deserve and they go for it.
U know what I'm sensing SUPER strong #MinDra lately:)
Man I want the standard twitter on my phone
By the way, we started writing a new song :] Full-length here we come!
Can I get a white chocolate mocha with extra whip cream? Yumm!
retweet us & every 25 buyers you get a pair of free air yeezys your choice The Real Deal Getthem nextweek Signup >@
haha you're funny....everything's good :) how are you?
I'm jealous. ;)
Just three weeks till #ALC12. Look out NOLA - here come a bunch of crazy #translation agency owners with time on their hands!
Tonight Woodfish & The Nick Clemons Band will be rocking in Sea Bright. Hope to see a good crowd. Spread the word!
boulder bound...
I KNOW. Hes on his man-period.
Good artists borrow, great artists steal
Operation Free: energy security = national security
Yeah $900M is pretty over the top 4 such a flawed site. Clearly, it's a rat race right now.
Awesome! It's hard to know the best way to use social media sometimes.
I have a beautiful mirror in my room! give it to you .. but you must come to seek it e.e
RT : ......another song in the bank! Next one. Next one! ... Rock rock to the beat y'all :)
“: I think Ellen fergot to tell you,you gotta follow all of Yer new followers back!!!!!!” yes please :)
Need a little Petty in your night? will get you to where you need to be, taking the stage shortly!
practicing lax. it's a hipster sport.
#kilmertorluemkewedding weekend has begun!!!
Macy's online. They're picture looks different but the descriptions and all are the same. Bloomys styled it better.
ma per favore.
pandamonium just dropped a bomb
Come out to City Park 5.20.12! We need volunteers too! Or cheer runners on!
how long did you stay last night?
I have a rebuilt 42" Clamshell die cutter with Heat for under $20K! Perfect for die cutting plastics or thermal kiss cutting. 888-BRAUSSE!
I understand. Was just ribbing you.
We are ELATED b/c we just found out we're a finalist for the awards for overall production! This is such an honor! THANKS!
but thts js my thought other girls might like it. js thought a woman could teach u sumthing...lol...j/k abt teachin u sumthing
lots of talk. But can't differentiate between informal randomn and intentionally informal so can't sell to management.
Never be someone's second choice when there's someone that always wants you to be their first.
Come to Portland...Great city, fan, and team. U WILL be shown love.
good? Affordable?
I am the worst at Draw Something.
How are my followers out there feeling this morning
Surprise! Rafael Nadal Says Knee Is “Doing Well”
Your avatar gets great ratings! Now add ZUMBA! =D RT LOL not if you want good ratings! #TwitterMovie =P
adamirigoyen RT IF YOU LOVE EVERYBODY
stay sweet!
bitch I love you.
My whole body hurts 😓😒😖
This... “: Charlie Weis << Paul Chryst #Badgers”
Traffic is wack
I'm sure the wait is going to be worth it.
To Everyone I offer these gifts, sweet surprises; Everyone I offer clarity; I offer freedom; offer joy; peace of mind; & always Love
So excited abt my new mommy book abt life, love, balance, kids & fashion coming out! Tweet me if u want a free sample!
It's windy as hell!!
Releasing our new single today called "I Don't Want To Go" for free download
#FirstButNotLast If you're a first generation student let us know and spread the word!
You gotta have them with Mint Sauce on.... wot, wot, wot... beauty !!!
Got no love for you hoes ...
enjoy your time off. travel safe. feel good.
going to gamestop with my mom seeya
hey! Thanks for the RTs!!
but for now, i work out.
Me saying hey with a smiley face + You saying hey with no enthusiasm = Me not texting you back.
Black Friday...more like Black Mocha Friday! M dark chocolate
When my sisters get into a fist fight >
Up next for ED InfoSec: build security into design process, implement data loss prevention, and est mobile device mgmt strategy
let's do it bro
"grace city!" I love that, never heard that 1 b4. What do u having going on that I should know about?
Staying true
when you get it?
thank you for being an inspiration to us all. I know you may not see this but I love everything you do for us. <3
Omg rofl!
lmao well im glad it did lol
They're good, my brother's gf went psycho. I'll text you about it tomorrow, lmfao. He dumped her and now she is like, psycho
AWESOME SAUCE!!!! :D where did you order it from?
Enjoyed catching up. Let's visit Kentucky before you move to Orlando
Extra Extra! A new exhibition from the News Bureau and the LVCVA, Sat night 5-9pm dress up in your 50's gear! 21+ after 7 Happy 65
I kicked my own ass tonight in class. Amazing how out of shape one gets after just a week away from the gym.
I bought
ops....ho, no, no....read it wrong. JTrout still there...I know who you're talkinga bout.
great ride in! strong! rawr! wet! rawr! fast! wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!
your arms too short to box w/God, he's got that reach on you
hello new best friend :)
Thanks for a great weekend...we love you guys!
Got my invitation for 's grad party in the mail today :D
My hairs in a gay ass bun for this fuckin musical -______-
The two best physicians of them all - Dr. Laughter and Dr. Sleep. - Gregory Dean Jr.
"it's always the singers..."
That means there's a chance of you unknowingly thinking that something's cool before everyone else catches on. Thus, hipster.
Need to get caught up on the Wulff situation? NWST with and Jack Thompson 930 11p KONG
If I haven't talked to you in MONTHS don't call or fucking text my damn phone. No picking up where we left off at. Fuck that shit!
your followers has reached 11k already...very good!
Shelly: trying (unsuccessfully) to dispel the notion of the absent-minded artist since 1995.
On what, Craig Sager has on a semi-normal suit?? lol
Thanks to twitter, I've seen the same quotes about a hundred times..
Question: do celebrities really wear their own perfume?
Cheers. To new experiences.
Thanks for the follow, and thanks for the interesting post incorporating Schwab's findings on retirement readiness!
Good morning!!(:(: so it rained like all night and every single road is flooded!! So is the parking lot!!! So I parked at the band hall!!
Is at McDonald's
Everyone deserves someone who'll make them feel like their heart was never broken. ♥
My bad cuz..
#PeopleNeedToStop fighting and start smiling :-D
I find it ironic that politicians scream about over spending but then spend millions on election ads. #Republicans I'm taking to you!
words to live by!! #Godisgreat RT: We love because God first loved us. We forgive because we stand forgiven."
Tomorrow is your last chance to check out Ric Stultz's "The Dream Got Control" in our gallery! It comes down this weekend! Hurry in!
Appreciate the good things in life, no matter how small. We have amazing things in our life, whether we realize it or not.
follow me bck please!!!!!!!!:D i would really apreciate it
I'm sick as fuck and don't want to be at work! Someone come cuddle with me in my nice comfy new bed with akatsuki and yuki :)
Sounds great. Cu there !
I want to come over so we can eat ice cream in our PJ's and listen to Adele.
if only they tell you where to buy it #fail 👎
Last final!!
What????? Since when we can have ex's as friends cuz everytime I say something about my past u jump down my neck but its cool for u
RT : It ain't ya spit game, it's ya dick game that got me walkin round wantin' to wear ya big chain..
Children's ebooks worthwhile no doubt. Want to see research on e - as relates to more print books = more education relationship.
no problem!
side note: it's a good thing I occasionally proof read. Autocorrect had changed "obstacle course" to "obstetrical course"
All this dam snow in the mill
Meeting tonight is CANCELLED! But if you're interested in volunteering Saturday at the Children's Health Expo, DM us!
Going to head off of here until about 6 PM.
*cough* corolla *cough*
Omfg now I'll hate any girl I meet named Claudia.
Shouout to she is such a great singer !! Look back on our profile , I retweeted her cover !! Its beyond awesome . - Zaona
Talked to Navin Narang, principal with First Pacific Holdings. He confirms Bike Nation owned by them, not AEG. 1-Pac also not owned by AEG.
Let's build a world that #remembers--not a world that forgets. Will you support our mission? Alz.org/Indiana
I found it. It's under "Masterpiece Theater". I looked it up using 'Sherlock' and 'Cumberbatch' but neither worked.
sorry im just not one of your pathetic girls.
So sick. Is that yours!?
Great friday night & ! Now Goodnight, farewell and till tomorrow! Besos!
THANK YOU to everyone who ordered a Oshkosh Pub Crawl item from us! We are working hard to make sure you look good on April 14!
We'll happy hour with you in just 8 short hours! Looking forward to tonight's Purely Social @ Cafe Benelux!
Be like Ron Swanson. Title it "Why The Nielsen System Works" and have the entire essay be: "It doesn't."
We are just one location and have many online users so it works well for us q3
I love big FIFA match days!!!
where you stayin at girl! Manhattan!?
talking about #fangirlproblems with
haha yea!! And let me tell u ,I died <3
lmao I was in Vegas, I wasn't allowed to use my phone! I just got home 5 minutes ago
I need help! It's spiders in my basement & my momma think I'm finna go down there!! Shiddddddd
I'm taking a nap as soon as I get home from work today!
i got a lot of music connection just need advice cause ima go getter and workin wit people is my thang
thank you for posting that you appreciate our posts
It's pure torture wanting something so bad it hurts! An to have it brush the very tips of your fingers & yet you can't grab ahold of it.
thank you!! :D
Anyone know a good screenwriter with a comedy/improv/stand-up background or experience in web series?
it ended 2 months ago
Profan releases are quickly becoming my favorite things to listen to while working on philosophy
Fantasizing about a trip to the US: NYC - Washington - Miami - LA - Vegas - San Fransico... Anything else?
Just added to #WFX2012 Vutec Corporation
Prestige pricing=attracting more business by charging more. Very important.
me too, why you tryna be like me nigga
There's barely anyone on this bus and the driver has a sweet fu manchu and driving gloves.
Don't even know why I'm sitting here tweetin my lil bro when he is sitting in the same room, oh well..but go follow him----->
Good morning!! :)
Gonna go to the studio soon really exited :)
Good Afternoon tweeters, I hope you're having a good day and I hope everyone is blessed!!!!
Mosquitoes are Communists.
Damn today is going by slow af
I'm At This Place And Theres This Really Cutee Kid That Looks Like Jason<3 (:
when is the next Madden for iPhone coming out? This one keeps crashing on me :(
He said he used to be a bodyguard and had been badly injured and never recovered. Since he didn't know how to do anything else and was alone
I dont wanna watch no little girls dance around. They gonna end up just the ionic boys last season...
MY SEXY GRACEY IN HER NEW DP BRB FAPPING
Three events on in one day and a full day of meetings! Glad to finally be home:)
Big fan in college & briefly interned w/their record co. Haven't seen them since they got back tog. Glad you enjoyed!
Dang, i never knew how much i was missing when i was with you... LOL
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the person you thought would never hurt you.
"Dolts" HA! Love your word selection.
“: Congrats on chad brown main event title. Gg on runner up.”
I have friends who would/will kill that K-State kicker.
A-are you a warrior, killah, slicin shit like a samurai? The old dirty bastard wunderbar!
this Draw Something game is unbelieveable. dont even wanna leave my ipad to go see linsanity tonight. #iwilltho start a game withme
Oh man... ASH / Control / Sugar / I Hate Love / NYKoP / Blood For Poppies / Man on a Wire / Beloved Freak... man, all of 'em!
Deadlines to meet? Meetings you can't miss? When is there ever time to get an oil change? Let me help. I come to your office or home
Stay tuned for some fun photos of my adventures in Green Bay! Do you have any suggestions of where I should visit?
you're welcome! How did I sleep through all those nice tweets?
I love my job and love more that I asked a stranger why he is wearing a green bracelt. His 6 yr old daugheter's life was saved by a donor.
You are welcome! The video is so funny:) I RT awesome! Thank you!
#3WordsForYou Yes I Am. Everything You're Not. Stop The World. In Real Life. Everytime You Lie.
This way, many best clothing designs can be produced which will attract the buyers
i just looked at your pic, go girl!!! lol
