I'm going to take a shower.
#ff <-- The Phantoms of the Loft. PS Show tonight at 11 PM. FREE!
Want to know what's awesome? When the Brewers don't lost in embarrassing fashion to terrible former Brewers.
Today is the perfect day to enjoy the outdoors! Check out the Rodeo or the final days of Accenture Match Play.
#ilaughalotwhen I saw something very funny.
if you tweet the words #YourMom i'll retweet
Yes. But my school standardizes it, so there is less grade grubbing... A=95, B=85 ...
my favorite words from today's meeting: nugget, stub, and bucket.
that's the still-small you solution
you better win.
RT I wear glasses because I like to dramatically remove them to display anger. It was awkward doing that with contact lenses.
Here at charmaine Blake launch party for Universal Voice...wit Said Faraj
The academics agree in#civility is democracy and enfranchisement changed the game and put morality on the table
Forget to retweet, Pete.
Follow the next BIG thing in boxing! RETWEET ALERT
i completely agree! There is nothing worse than emotional abuse and people who do that are very messed up and cruel.
Blowing Fucking Minds.
Funny that has the balls to run a "Best of the Week" when they were only live 2 days this week. mailing it in
thanks Jenny, how's your little one doing?
Friday at Fujiyama... You gotta get here!
maybe you should have left the office . I would
Do not watch the Little League World Series, we do not need to sacralize 11 & 12 year olds
1770 > Civilians/soldiers clash in the Boston Massacre.1953 >Joseph Stalin dies. 1963 >Hula-Hoop patented. 2011 > MWM rocks Rockbar!!
Tonite we play the Hard Rock battle final round in Nola!!!! 7:30, free, all ages.
U dudes ain't balling u just laying it up
Yeah, I know. Was just surprised how far they were canvassing! Good luck getting within 400 yards of campus right now.
it is ironic that i have to pay to read this!
": I like there swedish meatballs =D"oo im sure u do ;-)
The risk for heart attack is higher on mondays
I'm tired of these senegalese twist, I think imma just take them out next week
If this person I met today asked me to marry them, I would have. I met my perfect match but they live in Phoenix!!! Gahhh!!!!
First-line IT support staff are often some of the most infuriating people on earth. This must be a job requirement.
What the fuck am I watching..o_0
Best bets: April 21
Ew its gonna be 104 degrees tomorrow. I hate this.
Oh thanks sweety, your pretty too <3
Tomorrow night!! Dnb @ foundation room Vegas!! Konkrete jungle w/ calculon | keith Remington !! Come out and get down!! 10pm 21+
Go follow
umm try the one by south san!
I can say the banner was a hot topic within the post match press conference amongst all media.
Now listening to Irv Sheffey of discuss the state of the Benning Consent Decree at the River Terrace Community meeting.
I mean he pretty good, but evs the best, we r comin to wargos later and I'm smack you!
So tired of being cold ... maybe I should get chubby again.
I wish my niece was still here; it's too quiet now.
Time for that Saturday morning workout!Took a few days off but I'm back! If you wanna loose weight or get toned get @ me!
Love that love songs with Delilah is ubiquitous in NY taxis.
im sure someone does
Is it Shark Week yet?!
That's what I figured.
2 days until the Redneck Circus. Gonna be a wild time w/awesome bands, the Miss Redneck Contest, shows & more @ st lucie county fairgrounds
Any1 who gives shit abt Rev Wright didnt vote 4 BO in 08 & wont in 12. Just part of their "Obama as scary black 'other'" campaign
Happy Saturday!
5:28 and I'm up
At north star with ☺
: Thanks for the note! Hope you keep in touch. (Are you on our email list?) Happy Valentine's Day.
*high five*
I had a Japanese friend in undergraduate school. I remember almost nothing, which makes me sad. It's a nuanced language.
personally, i'm not as concerned with lebron not winning a championship as i am with his general ineffectiveness late in games
Six Picks for the Week of April 30 - May 6
Emory (in Atlanta) - it was the PERFECT program for me, but ATL was not ideal for me, which made re whole process more difficult
yes i am can you bless me Please !!! :-)
Macaroni and cheese.
of course I am not here for anyone that disses the indomitable Leila Ahmed's views on "colonial feminism." Take care.
Workin that next buyer! Let's go
you are forgeting the authentic mexican restaurant known as the bell of tacos.
The last 15 first round picks ive known ,this time I dont know who the hell Shea is could be a good sign.
haha, surprisingly no. But I'm glad the ladies now know that in addition to having 0 ear wax I also watch saved by the bell.
I'm back. Got home in time to catch and That's a party!
great job on dropping joradas she sucked now you have a winning team thank you you made my night...I love you
Off to Dominick's in LA for a birthday supper!!! Love supper!!!
what are you trying to tell us?
14 hours at work, almost skipped the gym. Went anyway, new PR on Leg Press 1325lbs for 3 reps. This is what #SWOL is all about!
Great match
I really love tea.
Ah shit...it's Friday ha
Its cool doe, I ain't even mad.
its 1st of march
i just realized mcdonalds has the green shakes for march. now i know what i'm getting for my drive back to orlando, on sunday!
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tweets as well! thanks again!
you have a girlfriend?!? aw. :)
FOLLOWED u ♥ Folloow me ?
: LOL... should be rich indeed! Thanks for the RT!
Megan and her friend were reading sides for Dark Shadows
Don't be scared if a fat guy in a red suit snatches you away on Christmas Eve. You were on my wish list.<3
#BestOriginalSong goes to...
#movies Going to see Shutter Island tonight, hope it lives up to the hype, I am a big Scorsese fan.
no i woke up at like 6 30
Jeez Kobe
Ikr i mean he did what she wanted him to do. She would have been pissed if he let Matt die. I wish we all could get...
Just ran into after he got a manicure & pedicure with his mom.
good look
he does look different! still not sexy tho. hot, maybe. but not sexy... kinda maybe possibly
No *:L* faces allowed. Save your emoticons for the app process. Right now is all about possibilities. *Wise Buddha Face*
Thank you , & for using #thesafe is one of the strongest singer in the competition.(:
I want some yogurt…
“BREAKING: NEW YORK - Twinkies maker Hostess Brands files for Ch. 11" And Rex Ryan cries again in Jan!
It's not to late to take advantage of our FREE CROWN moulding offer. Yes that's right free crown moulding installed into your home.
Congrats to , February's MISL Goalkeeper of the Month!
At least we can stop talking about that bullshit save streak.
I will NEVER watch The Bachelor/Bachelorette until a black guy/girl stars in it. Fuck ABC!
No regrets.
LET'S ROUND EM ALL UP AND START FRESHMEN FRIDAYS BACK UP TOMORROW except Troy LMFAO ;D
Forgetting to shave your legs and going to get a pedicure... #SorryLady lolol
No Tim Seymour, please.
Watching and Bill - I absolutely love their love!
Matt Holliday quotes: “It was nice to be able to at least get a hit, and the home run was icing on the cake.”
do you need #digital help? Facebook, Mobile,,,?
Hope you have a wonderful birthday, Mark! Sending you lots of love
We singn MARIAH CAREY HERO nd R KELLY I BELEIVE for GRADUATION..! *2012*
Why u worried about who between theses theighs its "Not U"
Hammering Jack!!!!
RT : liberty st between from Elm to Chapel is closed. House next to catholic church.
The order of the movie is; Light beard, clean shave, full beard. But in reality during filming it was reversed. Full beard, clean, light.
M... Mulled cider. I love this season.
We are expecting 12 Orioles Wives on the Women Build site today and we've already got 5 signed in!
ooooooohhh yes :( R.I.O
lol great question
opps @ work and sent u a response from my buddy noel's tweet acc
GSB Powerlifting meet this weekend at the Madison Indoor. Saturday beginning at 9am.
When life goes to pieces, make a quilt.
Tonight's talk will focus on American pop culture (with the noticeable exception of Emma Peel.)
Very excited to be packing this weekend for ILTA INSIGHT in London next week. Will you be there? Stop by & say hello, stand 35.
everytime i eat i feel sick? what is this shitt
i'm finding the new twitter UI to be more buggy than useful.
Last friday night yea we danced on tabletops yea we took too many shoots think we kissed but I forgot <3
Just finished dinner.
oh you're welcome:)
open source YOUR job. That website takes hours of work every day. I am not defensive unless attacked by needless snark
I did not think that rug burn could hurt that bad.
my sister is such a bitch..the tv volume in the living room was loud enough for me to hear in my room..at 6:30 in the morning..
Wow Might have to ask if 6th to 1st win was the fastest turnaround and/or biggest?
great commercial
bad day at work? :(
Nigga, is you takin' notes on a criminal fucking conspiracy? What the fuck is you thinkin' man? - Stringer
All you beautiful women out there....HMU
I love 's tweets so much
“Stories almost always beget other stories," Dao said. Emails sent in response to his page one stories lead to other ideas.
Set goals tht r 100% in ur control, like "Every time Im in set for 10min, I go for the number" NOT goals like "I'm gonna get 5 numbers 2day"
Everybody is nice and everything is expensive.
With DNS.com you can geo-target IPs, CNAMEs, A records, etc. down to the city level worldwide. DM if you'd like to demo free.
awesome! I never read that one. You will have to fill me in.
com — A playable demo of Metal Gear Solid Snake Eater 3D is on its way to the 3DS, a week ahead of the game's release
Surprised that isn't a double for Gomez. Guy has blinding speed.
yep. efficient.
RIP Carroll Shelby
Colin and I were talking at dodgeball about getting some games going Friday night. Thoughts?
Thanks man! appreciate it.
Dammit how am I gonna join the LINsanity and follow Jeremy Lin if I can't find his twitter! Someone tweet it to me. The real one!
Why the hell do I hear little kids yelling outside at 12?!
Lauren Is My Maid For Life (:
Join us for our 70s retro patio party this Thursday - we're talking delicious cocktails (tried the Bleu Velvet?) and live music!
You are quite welcome
Open Tues-Sat 11-8 & closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space or catering on Mondays. Winter hours until April.
in Dallas at the moment for work. And I think I could play a great Lucy.
Make sure to email us if you would like to get on our listerv!
Everyone lets welcome back to the shop today!!! I bet that first cut felt good.
"Oh it's a monkey hey little monkey." *Monkey slaps his hand* "Butthole!"
Black Strap BBQ with
Indy food trucks: What's for lunch today?
Cutting back on sugar is making me want it more. I want a toasted marshmallow shake from or some cheesecake!
9pm which (I have faith that) is gonna win!! She deserves this!! #snakeswillrise :D
I hate you.
I think I'm going to hop back over to my account. This one is... too quiet.
This has been a long but good weekend!
...FP my brother...what it do!
Cherry Bomb - Cherry filled chocolate cake dipped in ganache topped with chocolate buttercream and a cherry
"Oh My God" We bout to do numbers! #OMG_PerfectTiming!
RT "if you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory."~ William Hazlitt
You are right to focus on debt, but shouldn't call it a bad mortgage. IT IS A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE which hasn't been paid yet!
he is almost as dark as you.
Having a very lively happy hour this evening at #Workspring!
Why in the hell people always saying this damn comment, "Why do Black people always eat fried chicken and watermelon" #Mixed signals 4real..
follow me gorgeous :)
oh your so sweet. ;) i wish i had brown hair D;
My twitter acting stupid -____- I can't follow anyone SMH
#HowManyPeople actually read half the tweets that they receive from the live streem?
What color is your nail polish right now?
I hate it when ppl lie just to do something...
#thewalkingdead really gets me going
you better be there, ready to youtube that shit. I'm sure MANY people would LOVE to watch it.
Check out and feel free to post pics of you performing on their FB page!
you look so cute with your braces off!(:
After losing that someone you've had those butterflies for, and they are gone there's that big pit in your stomach.
What's your go to snack, ?
well you were gone...time flies!
In Eugene. Need food ASAP.
Casual sunday night funday
not that I know of. #csa12 seems to be unoccupied. We can tweet using that.
Word of the Day: Overcome
i love him, but im going to let him go, until were both ready.
Dont bother me ugh
just tried to take out $1,000 from an ATM.. We must be drinking heavy tonight
What did you expect? You filled NC with all that trash...
I really wanna know how many people would actually notice if I just disappeared.
Watching the Meydan World Cup races at Dubai this morning
"i'ma put hickies all over yo girl neck and send back home to you!".
I came out da water.
might do a short San Diego -> LA thang in the spring.
After grinding all week I couldn't be more excited for dinner and cocktails tonight
Coming up at 5pm on #ThrowbackThursdays w/ the homie
YEAAAHHHHHH! Keep the dope beats coming! Your LA-Crew is digging this!
What's the proper condiment for a pork tenderloin sandwich?
I didn't eat for three days to look lovely for you.
I Now Pronounce You Glam: Kate Middleton is 2011 's Top Bride! And the top bride of 2011 is …drumroll please … Kate Middleton! Duh. D
Thanks boo! RT : hahahahaha awesome! Best tweet of the night!
"What breaks your bones is not the load you carry, what breaks you down is all in how you carry it. "
What do you call a gay drive-by? ...a fruit roll-up, lol. *ba-dum-tsss*
hope is a buncha bull 'ishh right now !
those kobes look fly ass fuck on feet pimp.
#mdcsymposium "Millennials want to be remembered as loved rather than successful/beautiful." Nothing wrong with that.
could'nt be more thrilled! So excited to be in such fab company! Thank you Traditional Home
Ahh :o being sick sucks >.< but no school for me today ! :o
We're thrilled to have the sharp and talented Dea Rankin, Director of Business Development & Public Relations on board. Welcome, Dea.
I know!
As a techie, I'm embarrassed to admit this: I just now replaced my iPhone 3G after 2.5 yrs. iPhone 4S baby.
Stupid ass phone
Number 1: A tanned Hawaiian Chick or a Filipino chick, hands down!!!
back for ASTD TK10 to deal with exploding faucet before heading to Training in San Diego tomorrow.
Congrats to #Muskie Marat Bayzakov on his acceptance into the Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society
Officially an eastsida as of today.....
Time is passing so slow..
Movies tonight :)
": How can you try and take away my joy when you live in the rain?"
Looks like we're re-vamping the menu here at Ai with some more affordable menu items.
Earl Grey- It always makes me happy!
djcdub at g mail
It's been a great lazy day! Going to bed super early tonight, been a long day!
#StronglyAttractedToGuys that look good in snapbacks, and to guys that play basketball (:
Made it to MA and the dog without further incident. Woke her up from a dead sleep and got lots of "faceys" as she believes she's a cat.
when you look at someone and "dumb bitch" comes to mind :D
If she still gets toys at mcdonalds.
Love love love getting these emails from I am learning so much!!
did someone just do a terrible remix of you?
ig. who knew morning came so early?
Does Joe Flacco scream Bernie Kosar or is it just me? Ravens...GO GET MANNING!!!
is it wrong that I'm happy LSUs stat book won't have a 50 yd rushing TD from the punter?
last phone as officially broke!
James just came in and informed me that today is a federal holiday. Happy Columbus Day! Does that mean we get today off?
RT that my 2 year old rides an "awpane" (airplane) to meet Pluto (she loves him) and to see "real fishes" in the ocean!
. I heard Draper was going to interview some nobody. I can't let someone get ahead of me.
Thanks for the tweet and the photo piracy permission!
Hey tweeters remember2 follow me tonight as i interview the commissioner of OEM at the garden.
I seriously just died Hahahahaha
Yay! I see I have a text from you, but my phone is being the opposite of smart and closing every time I try to open it!
I can't believe i'm almost a senior
Do you think the team will land early Tuesday morning or closer to noon or so Tuesday?
Our website was down briefly this morning. Sorry. We're now back up and rocking.
you da best, I owe you! Thanks :) let me know if you'd like repayment in So's...ha
Happy Birthday to one of the most amazing people I know. luv u carlito
I have no idea what to buy for mothers day! She is so hard to shop for, she doesn't like Jewelry, candy, flowers, movies. Man I'm stumped.
Reif: We're focused on ensuring that the Senate is functional so we can pass an early budget that controls spending..."
'NO!' Jimmy protested.
"First, it has to sound like a terrible idea." --Sarah Vowell responding to question about how she chooses book topics. hah!
I can't get enough of this! Two days ago it's mid 80s °F, sunny blue skies, and today it's pure snow!! Crazy
is the new home of the #smashbrothers yet we don't know anyone on our label!
You should have a scale at the ref check-in before the fight so fans can see actual fight weight before fights! I have more.. :)
We have street meat shacks in the middle of Times Square now. Troof.
Oh twitter, it was fun tweeting about football today. Soon I'll be able to tweet about serious stuff...soon...
OMG! That's amazing!
hanging with the girls tonight...;D
hey there! 143 all
I like that name, doe haha
I'm the king of exclamation marks -___- the shit I say aint even that serious
The GOP race can be summed up by the tagline for "Alien vs. Predator": whoever wins, we lose.
I'm bored
you didn't know that ?
Smurf Baseball Bat Joints.
well y'all gotta get pass the eagles first
'Classic.' A book which people praise and don't read. Mark Twain
great to see you today! thanks for coming out to #hubwork!
Watching The Voice :D
I can nearly forgive Apple the hideous new iTunes logo because of the beautiful new Remote.app logo
Slide along side, yeah, baby thats right. Im gonna show you the time of your life.
You know when you read a page of a book and then realize you didn't absorb any of it? I think I did that with my life.
Nice and easy and felt great! Ready to rock 11 miles mañana. I just finished a 1.78 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Hi, I still cannot login to Qualifier B for Madden 12. Will it be fixed today?
just realized the fact that I missed #DigitalHollywood today!!! Awww, today's panels are more about social media! I just forgot about it...
I hate forestry class, it's so retarded...
Please flw back to keep in touch and thank you very much for your support!
Hello to our new followers!
consult your friendly neighborhood nutritionist! #diet lol
Sit back and watch the show.
34 assists and only 8 turnovers tonight at Detroit. Jennings 1 turnover. Ellis none.
So and I were just sitting on her couch laughing our faces off at your quoting us. I think we love you.
Morning Texts >
okay :p
#twitter #creeps !
I Can “Read” People …But I Can’t Read You Steve”… “Don’t Try…It’s Like Doing Math On Psilocybin...”
I wonder whyy people still hate on Justin I think there's nothing to hate on
If you hate me I don't give a FUCK but if you like me I FUCKIN' love you
Hi! I hope your day has been great! I love your "bio" totally going to have to use that quote:) Whats your fav thing to do?!
I clicked on Reply All today accidently....YIKES!...RT : RT : Q2. not enough time in the day #lrnchat | YES
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! ???2??
Are you guys coming to indianapolis ? (:
U seem like nice kid so I'm rootng on u to put my chps to good use & win. Good luck! BTW, I lived in KC too. Fld KQ vs me nxt time!
Short handed Bulls take it to the Heat with plain old school hustle and defense. Big game from J. Lucas. 106-102 Bulls.
This winter break is too long .. I feel like I've dropped out of school or something lol
Should IMLS, gates foundation be funding institutions? Give everyone a tablet instead?
Today pretty much sucked.
Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hunger Games Wins #1 Spot for Third Time North American moviegoers made The Hunger Games the first film of the ye
like to own as a pet?!
is the truth bruh!! But how is that my moment lol?
.intrepid actors forge ahead in the dark bless them all! “: ahh! Did you get it resolved???”
nice! Do you like her new music?
hope you feel better
Live the jazz fest- it's so great to be here !!!
R.I.P 2 my grandmother Annie Ruth Greer. It's been 2 years ago on this day that u have been missed. I think about u all the time & I love u!
CeRave products - My doctor recommended it - CVS and Walgreens carry it - so does Walmart
i did. Forwarded it to who should be replying soon. He handles the details on that stuff
Still waiting to see the light
I can model for you. Have some experience and the week off!
I can't learn half a semester of management in the next 7 hours!
is cleverock based outta Indonesia?
JR Smith and Chandler both with 5 fouls.
that awkward moment when people ACTUALLY think the world is ending in 2012."
too bad isn't in town.
UPDATE ROCK THE INK ABQ WILL BE AT EXPO NEW MEXICO AT THE LUJAN COMPLEX OCT 14-16. HOST HOTEL IS BARCELONA SUITES. BE THERE OR BE SQUARE
what's good???
what's good with the belt !!
great choice!
interesting concept--i like it!
I wish I was gettin good beads and swilling hurricanes.
great interview last night
Off to Wisconsin!!
#RPDR #AllStar best showdown would be vs
Chicken Caesar Salad in F , refreshingly light + warm choc chip cookie
wave of nostalgia hit me just now. high school memories....get me a box of tissues
Bro what you know about that?": grey goose and orange juice"
Can't not dance to this.
I wanna know why was the captain of the A-Team? haha
ew i hate laundry. i always have coreys mamaw do it for me. im about to make lizzunch
I'm bored somebody hmu
If anybody is good at trig and would like to help me out, that'd be great.
If I could fast forward to tomorrow at 12:15 I would. I am dreading this biology test!
Sneaky achilles heel for in Big 3 era: Trouble winning close games against good teams at home. Last night was groundhog day.
like a villain? :-)
thank you! i love challenging perceptions. :)
greatest finishing spirit of any fight ever!
Yeah? Nice! I need to train for the hills.
Check out Caprice talking about #doldc on Let's Talk Live from 11 to 12.
Wow! Recommend #freedomriders doc. Film by Stanley Nelson; research of Dr. Ray Arsenault.
Omaha in town w/ Doug Henry as pitching coach. He was assistant coach for uw-whitewater a while back. I went to uw-whitewater.
if ya didnt tell me happy b-day dele r kill ya self
Newyear means new resolutions, why not a new phone makeover don't extend those high price contract for a little crack screen. We can help!
good luck bro..
don't tell me you just watched the trunchbull get her ass handed to her too!
bahahha love it!!
well said :-)
Um what's w/the ass hat waving the blow-up pink flamingo in the stands at the Pacers gm?
Even through our 👆👇
Gone off that white remy and I'm in my chest......put a beat on and turn me up in the head phones
hey victoria
bkalt homie u know what it is
You had me at "I hate that bitch too."
Our boys are lookin' good!
“: hi Eliana thank you for the follow x” You too
"The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term is the indis
Fluff the pillow to get those dreams flowin
It's a winter wonderland out there but it's almost over!We'll be getting another 1/2 inch today.Tune in for latest from CDOT and DIA
that's the ONLY way to start a Vegas trip!!!
I seriously thought you rocked on the Voice & should have been in the final 4. You had all my votes. Praying you get a deal. :)
You rang?
more like {<3} no one getting close anymore. Tnx boo!
BOUT 2 GO GET A LIL WORKOUT N....
Greg is extremely fortunate to have so much "in his background" if you pardon the pun. I know men that crave such discipline!
These were inspired by reading #CHI12 papers.
I love this time of year, the holidays are the best! Spending time with friends and family, the perfect situation to send #Bartab drinks!
Who's ahead in the race for #PDXMayor? Depends on who you ask. Join in the discussion - #Polls vary widely!
My bed feels so empty without throwing aggressive elbows at me in her sleep :p
Fun and informal. 'Get to know you' kind of thing.
Hanging with the family... Having a good time love them so much
I love the Military History Channel.
WOW- is putting on her best performance yet for the save! #teamkarla #teamadam - come on !
Yahoo’s Five Counter-Counterclaims Against Facebook. #1: Throw Out Retaliatory Patents
I feel more aware of and connected to my community at large as a result of today.
hey watcha been up too
Lol ": just randomly mixing follower faces lol (and probably getting blocked by a bunch in the process)"
Corey Brewer did not get touched. NBA officials have been awful this year.
Still waiting on Knology - 2 weeks and counting - worst internet service provider support I have seen in my life
Of Monsters and Men-Little Talks, what a song
I love the TV program, Pepin's Website and the easy but delicious recipes!
I would take ARodg, Brees, Brady, Manning(x2), Ryan, Rivers, Big Ben, Schaub and Romo. Stafford if he keeps it up
well thank you!
I still say, best 'event' series ever.
OK, nice. I know of SEV.
ChrisVestal: Bye New Orleans-you have some of the best music, food, and people I've come across-I will come back!
I bend rules but NEVER break them!!
Great website... love the concept. First time i see something like it :) Great job!
today? If you're down, I'm down.
I can't help you fix yourself, but at least I can say I tried. I'm sorry Dustin but its time to move on with my own life!
RT : The majority of Health Activists (& perhaps epatients) are women! MT : Progress anywhere?
Rest in Peace, Dick Clark.
give Richardson the heisman, give OKST a title shot, luck gets #1 pick, everyone wins
Seen this Internet Marketing tactic? "The overwhelming response crashed our server... for those who couldn't in..." Really?
Today was so great
Looking for success stories from people who use social media to develop business
raining buckets
listening to music,dont really have anything planned for today,later might run some errands! What are you going to do for today?tweet me!!!!
#12ntcradio from the crew to "My Little Brother" by Art Brut
I love her! that commercial is just far, far overplayed.
wasnt creepy at all actually...im really thinkin Melissa is A now
No no no let us not go there.
call me doll or DM me. (:
To CSA victims: suffering is optional, but healing is mandatory.
You're only limited by your own imagination! And money. And talent. And genetics. And time. And other people. Go for it!
im not to bad but i would have flowers delivered where you work and never ever pick on jimmie johnson promise
Blowing snow up in Summit County, some snow fall, cold temps over the next few days.
*your highness
You're the reason I wake up every morning. LOL JK, I have school.
Awesome! Whats the Color Run? Sounds fun!
Biology fun! :D
that just fucked my head up bro. Whoa!
He cancelled the entire state!
Thanks for stopping by. Hope you gave in and touched a Lexus or two! Let us know if we can answer any questions.
text what to you?
sounds wonderfully unfathomable :)
RT : We're almost there #TeamAM... Friday is on the horizon!
Mine too.
I miss mud season
I'm in the SPD day spirit
Free guided cultural tour begins at 9am. Meet at Manta Viewing area.
Jazz Fest was amazing! You have to go. How are things w you? I'll be in NYC for upfronts next week. #WowReunion?
that's a brave checkin! You'll create a pitch-storm! I'll raise you a burrito next door.
Aww, I miss you too Maria. You're the sweetest fan of You're showing best love to everyone. Love you Maria♥
I have a finca my friend..nuff said lol but traveling around is nice too
Bur! COLD St. Patty's Day Dash. Off to Kells Irish Pub for some festive fun in my green striped tights! Cheers!
Another big basketball game tonight for SDSU at NM. Go Aztecs!
Andre miller, cursed to be one and done in the playoffs?
Canon Sunny About Google Cloud Print - PC Magazine
needs wine and Tivo immediately. I'm POOPED! :-)
yep. I never thought it would come!
like in so many other areas positive reinforcement WORKS!
since it was still in theaters, yes. But barely
Wells Fargo Notebook: Woods gone despite favorable ruling - Chicago Tribune
Wow - #stvincent far exceeding expectations here in Pittsburgh tonight.
that was the funniest tweet all day, nice work Sarah
"We can blame our hatred of self on a lot of things...or we can admit we were horrible people."
MY NIGGA CAME THROUGH ON ALOT OF PHOTOGRPHY AND COVER ART !! RT IF OU NEED A MIXTAPE COVER BRO GOTCHU T>T>
You can deduct the cost of your mortgage loan interest from your federal income taxes.
Train to REIGN this PM!
hahaha mostly a joke. Half real half teasing
I wonder what my boyfriend thinks of this.
lets do a performance with tim soon
What's a Maltese Falcon? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
It's on the left side. Managed to show a photo. The producers can't keep them from trying to outjoke each other on
Who walks their dog decked out in jewelry a dress and oh yeah gym shoes..me, Ms Illinois .. It's glamorous with a touch of down to earth ;)
Picking out the Nook I want for my birthday/graduation!
S/o to ---> just cuz she gorqeous c;
haha seriously. Isn't this our last class? Why are we still "learning"?
oh! I'm thinking of the Prussian Bismark, and his remark about laws and sausages. Works for data too!
★ ☆ ✰Perfomed at a Restuarant & got a Record deal to perform at all state Fairs In tha U.S (: ★ ☆ ✰
that is really encouraging :)
Any recommendations for a good snack to take to the closet?
People from #Newhampshire, You have less than 2 Hours to Vote for a better America! Get off Twitter & Vote for Ron Paul
that is a good looking cocktail. Plan on visiting Hong Kong's finest.
THURS HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/ MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm!
he dogged him more than Mayweather, but then again different styles. Until that fight happens we will never know whos better
So much for Dontari Poe's draft stock falling. KC takes him at 11.
for those you don't know #middriftmonday is when we put up pics of the male middrifts we admire.
Today working in what I like!
- Thanks for the mention Rachel.
Will get to the tech stuff soon but in meditation mod right now! But tech Diamond mind coming soon. You heard it here.
I think in a Battle BATMAN would beat the HULK -_- !!!
Have you decorated your doorway? Tweet Your pictures and we'll show you all the entries for the door decoration contest.
Brad was so god. But will he win? Probably not. :(
RT : I don't trust these bitches🙅
Landed in San Jose alive..headed to Pebble Beach :) rain rain go away..
you crack me up
Yes,! I get to skip volleyball today:).
omg haha what did she say?
Please return soon Josh, I'm missing you!!! Much <3 always xoxoxo Tiffy ;)
Anybody else wish Dale would get bit?
Incredible move right there by Giroux. Short-handed with a slash.
and if your shit is in my way I will throw it across the motherfucking room .
how's is ur recovery going can't wait til ur back on the morning new god bless
symbalta can help
Be sure to Retweet all PhillyHunt Tweets because more followers means bigger
Congratulations on your latest reward!
Haha, oh my god, I'm a living inside joke
Every time I see a pigeon I yell out "KEVIN!!" :D
By the time the election is over, we'll hv defined far more than the heart of America, we'll see what are Twitter neighborhood is really abt
or you could just wish for Lebron to do better. but you're black so continue on.
Congratulations, Giants!
Big baby no don't shoot!
- what version of WordPress are you running?
No way, dude! They got down!
haha. Yup, we're all in for lots of exciting headlines aren't we? :)
Yeehah!! Just found out I'm going to sit in tonight with Brandon Shepard and relive some of that BS & Rodeo Ruckus fever!!
haha, I did not take my calcium, but I get some sun later when I do my swim work out =)
404 Not Found
& are stealing the show at the #comedyawards good to see the girls taking the guys for once.
Being Crazy keeps you from going Insane ~ Waylon Jennings
"A woman who will tell you their age will tell your everything." ~ Coco Chanel
I hate this class
RT : "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." William Shakespeare
Working on a little project for Long Beach Grand Prix 2012
I hate when I'm watching a movie/show and I say "I hate that person!" And someone is like "you're supposed to" IDGAF I still hate the bitch
The heat ain't playin with nobody
Thanks for coming on the tour today! Glad your post showed up on the screen. Hook em!
Happy Hour (sponsored by Teleformix) is underway in the Expo Hall. Look forward to seeing everyone there. Stop by Loyalty 360's booth
i love you for this.
Follow for informative legal Tweets.
Awesome! The menu looks delicious. Thanks for the heads up.
missellefowler is better:)
After the Dogwood Festival and UFC 145 get In the Mix at Sutra Lounge with DJ Rohit B, AZ, and Dholi P starting at 10pm!
Nice work on the sustainability initiative. Looking forward to some short- and long-term strategies to reduce waste & help our planet.
wait a gosh darn minute!! is kick'n a** and takin names and your in a #holidayinn?!?!
You fucks wit ? If not you should. Fool.
my last day at work is almost complete! moving on sunday... SO EXCITED!!
Gosh what would I do without her? =)
I'm not a fan of teachers justifying ridiculous rules with cuddly cutesiness. KIds aren't dumb.
Fixin' to grub on some Staxx BBQ in Frankfort with 3 oldest tail-pullers (Caleb, Meghan, Max)
K I'll reach you at gmail, thanks!
thanks for the follow. Dm me sometime I'd love to get to knowyou :)
Is that because you use up energy picking your dumb ass up off the floor every time you do it?? lol
He probably wants to dres like a girl because later in life he'll get a sex change.
just finished my sixth sandal just from using recycled leather.working now on a ballerina flat.
Damn clash ain't start yet
Omfg gladiator sandals are ugly
We <3 penguins! :)
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans Who needs Barber School
if you had your choice with team would you wanna play for?
recommends Aviary - combines tools.
working in a sleeveless t-shirt - the only joy of working at home?
next time shes all like "Maddie you're so lazy blah blah.." just tell her " And your a cunt, but hey we've all got issues.."
Okay!I'll ask my mom.My hous??
OMG #Brady sets NFL record and the refs names are Gene, Bill, Wayne, Ron, Bob, Joe, and Dino!
Has joined the iPhone-wielding legions.
Pursuing your passion and purpose begins with acknowledging from within what it really is.
Oh, good! What are you looking to cook with the duck livers?
Tune us in while you drive! 95.9 FM
I figured why not share my bike that I learned so much on with someone who was in the same spot I was two years ago.
What do you think we should do about the National Health Care plan? First 20 responses get exclusive discounts for online shopping!
Rihanna week omg i need to see this
It says they struggle against Philly. Nothing wrong with that. Flyers are a good team.
Summer running in Arizona. Ramping up the miles by 10% each week even in the 100 degree temps.
Man, Arkansas coaches need to spend the half reminding their defense how to make tackles. And their special teams.
4.8 rating on internships from 9 former interns
I should be out exploring the streets of SF, but prefer the cozy comfort of my hotel room. Oh well... LOL
NEWS BREAK : Shawarma Sales Skyrocket..... #Avengers"
Single most influential factor in fostering resilience in kids is presence of supportive parents says Dr. Shelley Wadsworth, Purdue U.
judging from the velocity it looks like a slider, but I'll ask.
9 more LIKES on the AUP FB page to get to that magic 400 and a giveaway of 2 tickets for Sunday's #AUPSteadyRain!
POP QUIZ: All Time Best Cover Song? Go!
Is there a channel showing the red sox crying? I am more interested in that than seeing the rays celebrate
lol i was up with my slow ass boyfriend...
How about a grilled cheese and tomato soup
If your number of tweets is more that you have in your bank account you are focusing on the wrong thing.
I like clothing that has little hidden pockets. It's like they made it knowing I was going to put my weed in there.
who makes good justin background guys tweet me thanks :)
Friends make good lovers, enemies make better ones.
I never had a problem with a grandma before until now
I get mean when I'm hungry & can't eat 😁
Up waiting for cox cable b4 I head to work, so sick of this bad internet connection...
snow! Yes! I forgot the name for that white stuff that comes from the sky. Thanks! Can I have it without cold?
Psh..are you a natural ginger though? Or ARTIFICIAL? Because right this second there's a real ginger in BLUE BELL.
Hello Mr. Spielberg! I'm a student at CSULB and am in pre-production on my thesis film called No Honor. Check it out!
MORNING WOOD!!!
I woke up this morning, wanting to be in N.Y.C... Lol... Wonder what I was dreaming of?..
Thanks for the #FF!!! Have a great weekend!
Hello, Dr. Joke.
As yet, haven't slipped up and written 2011 on anything yet. Must be some kind of record.
Thank you!!!
thank-you. might be a good film, but the 'clip rights' to all those Oscar winners would cost a ba-dillion dollars. ; )
“In life, you always get what you ask for and it rarely comes in the package you think it’s suppose to come in.”—Kurek Ashley
Why have I been so thirsty today?
I've only met 1 person ever who had my same Birthday.. so that's pretty cool to say the least :-)
It's got mystery, science, internal politics, casual multiculturalism, casual sexism, trust, Kirk at his unlaid Kirkiest, and drinking. 2/2
with all do respect, go jump off a bridge
At home taking care of my big sis
Hey Arlington - now opens at 6 a.m. weekdays
The family has a more personal stake but for me, #Zimmerman issue was racial bias & process failure, not about guilt or punishment.
LADIES: never go for the guy who catches your eye, go for the one that captures your heart.
Ok. Will discuss with the team.
The podcast is great!! Thanks for doing projects like this! Now I have something I'm excited to listen to while I run!
Concur RT epic
"An artist is not paid for his labour but for his vision"- James MacNeill Whistler
My sisters sleeping, & she says " Hi , .... cos " & then she just stops.
hey you was my favorite Houston Comet:)
Can someone tell me what's going with the panthers game
A Good Sign? - We are about to set a record at our web site for people who have downloaded our free kitchen planner in a 60 day period.
BRP Mixtape coming soon. Hmu if you wanna get on a track.
RT : Governor of OR to address sell out crowd at the #nwsmartgrid Peer to Peer workshop at PGE
I'm ready to watch it already lol
That's what Madoff said to _his_ clients, and somehow they fell for it.
RT : Grateful for friends who pursue growth, are doing big things, and want the same for me. --> Yes I do! cc.
did you know when you listen to Velorum by with headphones there is the ghost of a fiddle track in the bass?
Santorum-Gingrich is becoming the Sanchez-Holmes of the GOP
fuck these coats
btw u should reread ur last post.. it kinda doesnt make sense lol but i knoew waht you meant
#mygraduationspeech take it sleazy and im out
Bieber’s comment highlights th fact tht over 50 million Americans dont have health insurance,that 50,000 Americans die each year without it,
I wonder what he thinks every time he looks at me.
tauupon biadap, bertaubat la! Don't point d fingers to others.
Excellent question!
Stay cool out there #lincolnpark!
VP Jonathan Tice on the new landscape of Higher Ed and Post Grad Ed
Among the songs that my mom wants to copy from my computer is "My Humps".
Welcome back from spring break, Wildcats! Have a great Monday!
Listening to "No Strings" Can't wait for his new album to drop...you kids are gonna love it!
Race me n*gga. And I bet you never pass me like a Free Safety n*gga.
“: A psychological study found that people who are generally "too nice" are also the ones to get hurt the most.”
haha do you got some pics?
Yes! He was awesome.
at first, I felt bad calling myself "FGvW" around you, but it was replaced with realizing that we have a similar struggle.
I have never been more disappointed in a single group of people in my entire life than the 2011 Philadelphia Phillies
I have a revolution to sandbagging during storms..Ecosandbag sandless sandbag. Never build another sandbag..Enviromentally friendly..
I'm just lol'ing at this conversation between you two.
then gone retweet my tweet he knw his ass guilty
we have gator heads here too, people buy them..why? no clue.we have gator jerky too! maybe i can send u some
agreed, says this former poetess.
I think my cat is snoring
love you, text me 😘
Mitchell from #SwampPeople died this weekend, so sad.
Hey lady! So excited to see the final cut. Have been watching a few snippets...looks awesome.
Nothing like flipping back the channel and seeing an ass in my face!
done and done.
Bock Night at in #Philly is fast approaching (it's tomorrow). Come get your goat on!
I hope you can...it was bizarre, but would be a great example of what not to do.
"I will redeem them from death. O Death, I will be your plagues! O Grave, I will be your destruction!" (Hos 13:14) ♥ The blood of Jesus!!
All #SF>LA T's HALF PRICE for a short time. Just $10 a pop. Get em while they're hot! www.WeBeGreater.com (No coupon reqd)
hey lady!
What are they about?
I am fussy as well, but since the perfect ice tea depends on what tea I am using & how I am making it...
Cinco de Mayo event slated Friday at Washington Square - Dubuque Telegraph Herald
My friend! You got yourself a Deal!
Dear FB & Twitter, "You take a lot out of me, I'm very tired!" Sincerely: Father Time (an internet user)
I Don't Like You,,, I Don't Like You At All
I did a French braid this morning and looked at my ears right when I was done, reminded me of u dumbo :( I have big ears too 👂👂
hearts stars horseshoes clovers and blue moons hour glasses rainbows and tasty red balloons
So what is your name ? :D
? I can't trust anybody anymore
You know the worlds ending when the greatest rap duo (Mobb Deep) is falling apart...
You've been on Twitter this whole time? You've been holding out on me!
Hi, you like harry potter and vampires? Me too. Ever read Necroscope by Brian Lumley? Good series.
Updating this ipod and downloading songs. Any good music?
got my new favorite show pure hunting! Looking forward to the next one!
Some of life's most memorable lessons are the lessons that were the most difficult to learn.
what time for interview on ?
lol lunch with today <3 hahaha it was so funny
I'm going to say it hokey stretches are erotic.
Why can't I fall asleep
Big project, pretty much shipped. Can relax a little now.
thanks for entering our Muse giveaway!
Any guitarists or pianists want to accompany me to sing a few Christmas songs tomorrow mid-day for some patients in San Diego?
funny funny
Remember when remodeling that cost are usually higher than they are when doing new construction. But be inspired and dream big
No company that wants to attract top talent would consider this!
Hahahha my mom just shouted touchdown yankees....
682- YOUR SO FREAKIN PRETTY you get on my nerves haha!
One Question!!! When you gonna let me take care of your heart.!?
99 Problems but a Bitch nor a Bitch Ass Nigga aint 1!
that one gets mailed to mom.
Thinking of making one of those elementary school paper link chains to count down the days left in my day job. 8 years coming to an end...
#SDRESTAURANTWEEK Here we come !!!
Just put it on and in 90 seconds saw an alley oop, a jumper and a put back dunk that was ridiculous. Kid is a talent
happy to help..always looking for feedback and ideas
yeah! My dad has a trailor for shirts.
Are these the worst wedding pictures ever? British couple's big day ruined by blurred wedding photographs.
Check out new photos at www.pbase.com/issyr
also amazing. the diff btw the 2 feeds will be interesting. also, how did that thing get 17,000 followers with 15 tweets?
#WIP500 784 words #amwriting but eyes are strained. I have to quit for today.
At the Ginger Man with hubbie. Turns out, I suck at all synopses, including #HungerGames. Wonder if beer can fix that?
I almost passed out from giving blood :/
It was fun - i appreciate you man! RT : Thanks to joe and for a great morning of catching up!
I got an invite, signed up, etc. It just won't let me in :) If you could send me an invite, maybe it will work this time?
Grilled nuggets great for us. Allergen information not yet available on website, but they send it if you inquire.
Imma be his private dancer ;p
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 114
I know there is at least 2 songs that people are gonna love
yes, they're version is so much better :)
Hahahah : The Spice Girls: "If you wanna be my lover, you've gotta get with my friends." In my experience - counter productive."
Thanks guys
About to read the first book of Hunger Games yaaay is it any good ?
damn food channel...
I miss you both and :)
Focus on the next play, because you can't change the past. But you can make the next play the best play of your career.
you were all over the field today. great game.
Congrats to for the outstanding Glen Manor 2009 Hodder Hill for winning the 2012 VA Governor's Cup. A really great wine.
She's still in the game? LOL!!
DPP is sending good vibes to Amy Thompson/ who has spent hours getting the #danceworks show ready!
very crudités humor RT : I'm a party vegetable
My fingers are so cold I can't feel them.
hey, thanks, my man ... I appreciate that.
safe travels, Jack!
I imagine that being a morning person who also loves coffee means everyone I come into contact with pre-10 am wants to smack or muzzle me.
Chris Sale's average fastball velocity is down 3.1 MPH from his rookie year. That has to be a bit concerning, no?
So sleepy.
We offer $100 gift incentives to realtors who recommend our services. Contact us today for more details. arizonahousepainters.com
we've been waiting for some wood fire, could use some company feeding this city!
Let's all cross our fingers that this screaming child is not on my flight.
Who is DC??
Not bashing the Kings or Coyotes, but if you told me in October that we'd need to beat one of them to win the Cup I would've smiled...
Working with the martial artists to clean up some of the physical stuff--this can be painful if you don't do it right.
fuck Ronnie as a person. I don't like that shit at all.
its gonna be interesting how the series go with Melo at 4 do the heat do the same?
i dnt gamble much.....
Thanks to everyone else for playing! Be sure to stay tuned for the next #ClientSwagGiveaway in the upcoming weeks!
wassup wit that suite party?
Thank you, I will! But only after this kid gets a little coffee in her! Haha! :)
": Drinking a French Vanilla mocha coffee and eating 2 blueberry Muffins ;-)" u gone turn into a muffin lol love u
And of course twitter, I'm a have to exercise it real hard now
If You're A Bielieber , Follow :DD
If the things we believe are different than the things we do, there can be no true happiness. – Dana Telford
lol u know u like
I just finished a 5.15 mi what I believe the kids call running ... Believe it's pronounced with a soft R
The end came viciously for a mother and her young daughter.And it came, Las Vegas police say, at the hands of Bryan Devonte Clay Jr.,
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and happy. ~ James Lafferty
:Gublernation has more followers because he has been a tweeter longer than the rest of you. Hang in there Joe and they'll come.
Happy Mother's Day to Mama Grizzlies Everywhere! Keep fighting the good fight! #PROUD&FREE
": If you want to keep the attention of a #Sagittarius, act like you are in an adventure movie!"
lmfo!! (laughing my foot off)
Settling in with some good fiction tonight. I just wish Scott Thompson's resume were longer!
That's how you feel ?!
Anyone have a good natural relief for an earache?
Good morning! I'm still tired, but I'll use this time to do my mani & pedi! Then use the rest of my day to study for my final tomorrow!
Wow my frames just arived, they are so beautiful. I am so excited I could just pee my pants! I will have to inpect them later...
uh oh
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you talking to me Bitch
Happy Birthday !
To people who go to the workplace while sick: I hated you yesterday. I hate you today. Flowers will help you avoid my hating you tomorrow.
You & , give the best Orioles news/notes on Twitter. Thanks!!
Shit is going DOWN this summer ;) get ready!!
They're so annoying
#ECEtechCHAT Love to use #remind101 to remind my families of the events. We are using it to send text msg tips to teachers in the community.
Today's scores 7-3 over #Inferno and 18-2 over #MuffinTops Good day of softball overall :) ready for tomorrow! :)
I will build the collection today and send a link via Twitter. Then we choose one to start with, schedule a call and record away!
Just keep the W's coming! The list can stay in the drawer that way ha.
Tiago is looking great. This is the playing time he's needed. Novak isn't looking too shabby either.
We're talking about extended family & #specialneeds at www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Just wait a few months and we'll have your dreams come true!
I do love the taste of Spicy Sweet Chili #Doritos. M
i'm so happy :D
time for a second dose of brain juice.
If I had a gun the world would have a lot less people
thank you :)
Miguel Cotto would be a household name if he beats Mayweather
Everybody's hating on me, I'm just trying to make more money
we doing nothing at school, so why am I always so tired when I get home from school until I go to sleep.?
It's rather hard to edit when you can't get the book you're reading out of your head. Curse you China Mieville!
Isn't it weird how the person you're going to marry is walking around somewhere..
Today marks the 60th anniversary of the UN's adoption of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
I'll see about it :) not sure if i can go to houston though /: I'll talk to my parents :)
Ah, you can almost hear the echo in the distance...
No problem, happy Friday to you!
good luck giirl they will look fabulous
“: Harry: "Hello!" Louis: "We" Niall: "Are" Liam: "One" Zayn: "Direction! YAAAAY!"” who else did their voices while reading? Lol
Love the smell of a paper sack.
Tattoo at one!
finsihed a bag of Mike and Ike's delicious candy. NOW I am ready to shoot a hockey game.
chrome is much easier to use
Hey the oriels can suck it huh??
pretty good jus staying busy
WILL BE AT THE Ventura Comedy Festival 2012 FROM OCT1 -7 ALL WEEK LONG VENTURA CA, GONNA BE A ROCKIN WEEK OF COMEDY I CAN USE YOUR SUPPORT!!
;) RT : These little dancers at Miss Asu make me miss dancing!
The cats played a short paper football like game of bat-the-stinkbug then got bored so the bug just walked under the loveseat. Awesome
im on all the fuckin time I guess never when ur on tho. I always send u and party invites but yall don't join
College is out so... Why aren't we?
Memphis needs to go after BG. He has five fouls let Z-Bo and Gasol go to work
Up and over the roof, yes... RT : Holy s*** did that dude just kick the ball out of the STADIUM?
I pray that if you're fired by Trump the slug, you'll jump across the desk and snatch that fright wig off his head.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! For all our troops everywhere, you are not forgotten and we are grateful for all you do, everyday! God bless!!
if we make it the forbidden fruit they crave it more.Moderation w/ guidance toward meaningful experiences will eventually rule
She kills me...
Thanks Nina
well now they just read this tweet & they're on to you!
Paris with the Parents!! Can't get much better than that!
pretty excited to take The Frail SF to the IODA office today!
thanks Dr. Rita Rossi-Folkes for presenting on transition care for emerging adults w Amy Zimmerman and
Shoot was amazing yesterday! Coming soon!
...Gingrich then wins both SC and FL in landslides. He'd have big delegate lead, right?
I love my fellow beliebers!
no. i hate them. Finn is a douche. i cried when they won prom queen and king. i was livid.
My last tweet before I turn 16! (:
sounds good :)
Wish Alex would stop hanging up on me -_-
331: Moving stinks! But I am thankful to have gotten so much done this week and happy to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
#NowPlaying Set Fire To The Rain- ADELE
HAHA. I tried typing iTouch in my Galaxy Note, I thought it was familiar enough to have it in my dictionary. Nope, it changed it to, cRouch.
Zanna, Don’t! A musical fairy tale is coming up starting March 9th! So Zanna Don't miss out!!
Telstra Digital Selects Lyris HQ to Power Marketing Automation for Australia&#39;s Largest Classifieds Website Messaging ...
also, anyone know good hashtags to use for that last post?
Gorgeous Morning for a run... Get outside and enjoy this weather today!
1.1mm in rev by 2012 and over 40k users totally crushed it
Looks like I went to the doctors just in time
D-Box just sounds dirty. I'd hate to get kicked right in my D-Box. If I have one.
got more soul than a sock with a hole.
I wanna be done with this week & get these research papers over !
nice. We should try and make it up to a game together this summer!
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather, not like the people screaming in his car.
We had an awesome day of matches in downtown Los Angeles today and we were thrilled to have the YouTube execs come by and watch the action.
“:Follow Friday #Holliston Guest Stars:
yea ik it is, and 8th graders aren't aloud to go to homecoming either
Hello JC Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
saw you're at NewSchools summit. if you have time, would love to chat about EWA.
CARLTON LIVINGSTON Rocking Steady
Watching workaholics for the first time. Funny as shit.
#GodBlessAmerica cannot imagine this city 10 years ago remembering all the heros from 9/11
that too.
#WelcomeToDetroit where its only like 2 houses on a block cause someone set the rest on fire. DETROIT CITY.
Isn't there mercury in a Kindle?
illusions can still make a good memory:) reality is preferred most of the time tho....but there are those times hm
I can't believe MSN had an article saying they thought Joaquin Phoenix was pranking us by his behavior on Letterman.
OMG i don't want to talk to you ! either you talk about your ex or you ask me to send you pics. leave me alone ! i don't like you !! d:<
I lost my VB match again, pretty soon you won't be able to fxck wit this Illness. Hey humptydumbpty, don't fall and crack the Crack all ovr
That doesn't seem like the best way to show someone they're wanted in #Dallas. DWILL in MavsBlue sounds good to me tho
"We've had several NHLI Alumnae come back to the Kennedy School to earn degrees"- Debra Iles Associate Dean W/
TONIGHT - The Night B 4 Thanksgiving Party with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!
Yay! Finally bck to my NYC "winter" weight. Next goal, "two-piece" weight. Then the real push, "wedding season" weight.
-I love you to Camillie Just Know Monday gne be da best first day EVER even if you gotta deal wit me ALL day till you leave
Mom: I think white guys are missing swag, like a lot of them don't have it.
A7: Think about the organizational team that needs to be created to offer cloud services.
And now the world knows why Ron Paul will never win.
THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR, GETS ME OVERWHELMED
Both these teams fucking blow
/two thumbs down
I'll fill you up with me and make you explode in ecstasy.
I see these are twitter tweak hours lol
Here we are passionate about social media! What are you most passionate about? -CS
was going on I saw one of your videos yesterday while I was down at I was at Olivet university and wanted to chop it up
Is anybody else in #maine tired of the rain? Which #Portland is this?!
o YUMMY me want i am drinking alone ): ahaha #tipsytweet lol
Song 9: One That I Love "King of Majesty, You're my Destiny, my heart longs for You; I love You!"
wow, twitter w/o Bret... what will the world be like?!
The fact is that ours is the first generation that can look disease&extreme poverty in the eye..." - Bono via
:) Just tried out for Chorpus Christi Idol. I was the first one! I was so nervous but in the end it was so fun! :D #prayin that i made it
Ever since watching glee the other night I've had Shake It Out by Florence And The Machine stuck in my head for the past three days.
FYI: A motorcycle tilted 45 degrees is only fun when you're deep in the twisties.
yeah I'm going to see it this weekend! How old is he?
So, ugh, I did seriously consider a gin and tonic when I got home... and we were out. So I should have done it :)
STOMP THAT BITCH!
I see some ugly fucking people at work .... Daaaaaammmmmnnnnn
Love Nike+ : What do you use? Daily Mile, RunKeeper, Strava, Endomondo, or something else? To track your runs, rides, etc?
Finally stopped raining long enough 2 do a bit of gardening“: Mostly Cloudy ☁ 63.0ºF Humidity: 47 - Wind: West 16.1 MPH”
I feel this is gonna be a big week.
Just saw #theAVENGERS !!! GOOD AS SHIIIIIT. and #HULK was the best character!! Went TOO HARD !!!
new devices -- target individuals with ads that are relevant, about ads they really want to get - Tim Street
my tri-monthly twitter update
EXACTLY! We deserve this SO much. And plus, the boys love chicago.
Some people are settling down, some people are settling & some people refuse to settle for anything less than butterflies<3 -Sex & The City
Miranda Lambert is freakin awesome! Idc I like country music, they are the only music channel that plays music videos
I will be the best at what I do I refuse to be anything less then that
I'm sorry if i haven't followed all of you back yet! I will soon..when i'm done with homework that is..
LIES I LOVE HIM MORE!! Lmao hes mine :)
I wanted yumyum a month ago!
recently 1st msg rec'd fr young lady was "here's my # give me a call" i never did!
why? whats up if I had owned a 360?
Hm. VW Jettas (older version) simply aren't meant for two car seats... cc
Congrats to everyone on their hard work for the #Holiday #Show. The #PerformingArts group at The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism is amazing!
its a Belgian style wheat beer made in Quebec. I butchered the brewery name with my excellent touch type skills
Good afternoon and a ramadan mubarak to you.
re:teasing - you obviously ended up just fine. I think a lot of that childhood BS builds character.
{A computer is the most perfect tool for an editor.}
I'm craving a pellegrino oranciatta. Thanks for the good times. #friends #
I'm responsible for what i say, I'm not responsible for what you understand goofball......
Hello followers! We've moved this Twitter feed a teeny bit, pls. follow us (again!) at Same great EWG food + water news. Thx!
That's about the worst advice you could give someone tbh. Bye.
i actually had a good Friday the 13th. ♥
and i know that you can find the time. indulge me. your cherry lips linger on mine.
The good news of Jesus Christ isn't meant to just be preached on a platform or stage. It is meant to be preached from our own mouths & lives
I'll come back when you call me.
Ahh, this is hard to watch
We lose power once in a while, but we would love to just depend on others less. Huge garden, chickens for eggs etc. We try!
I used to tell him Frisco cats weren't the only ones who could make a dope weed song.
By His stripes we are healed.
Does Rondo make the shortlist of your Dumbest Man in America segment tomorrow morning?
“: The hardest hitting safety in the league.” Rodger's gonna fine you for retweeting that......
does that mean I am just a mediocre Casting Director?
that's my #olw for 2012 ! excited to see what you're launching
lol he's as great as ever! We finally got moved to LA. :)
When people tweet every five minutes.
Its too early to be alive.... gawd.
I'm that kind of girl who will be everybody's friend!I won't judge you buy your look,I'll judge you by your personality.
or zombie highway lol
#erl12 Disagreement on whether ERMS features that have superseded your ILS? Complimentary & do give some info not in ILS
5-Hour Energy #commercials would be more effective if they were less specific. I don't really get tired or have stuff to do in the afternoon
Remember to keep your mindset high and your eyes on the prize the only one stopping you is YOU! #manifest your #dream into #reality #today!
What type of dog would that be?
OK I'll try. Was late today because of GAAD but heading out shortly :) I did post pics already btw :)
i agree suburgatory is the best
show is at 4p still. having web person change it back.
was it ever?
dj Tiesto or Armin Van Buuren?
#stm2012 how can publishers demonstrate that they value academic customers-partners?
GOOD LUCK, TYLER. :)
The small bit I'm doing here helps, so I recommend it.
: When starting with social media, choose 1 outlet & use that. That can be your gateway drug to harder stuff.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils
Never argue with an idiot; people watching may not be able to tell the difference.
Learning something new every day- like how to avoid paying tolls
are you going?
Change of plans I will start at 55 and king at 10 and walk to Tribune Tower where I will do a interview on the John Williams WGN Radio show
What "radio spot" means to Fox is "crosswords in the parking lot"
That's for the weekend....and anything that usually starts for free doesn't end for free
Can I have a s/o please
Knock! Knock! Who's there? Ice cream soda! Ice cream soda who? ICE CREAM SODA PEOPLE CAN HEAR ME...
have not been spending much time on twitter but that all going to change miss all my friends n fam!
Unreal. Metro public comment ends with Spock quote: "logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few."
On my way to laguna beach #winning lol
Where does Maury find all these scum bags?
It's just so damaging for investigative journalism when reporters are caught lying. It's not about Apple anymore, but all about Daisey.
Problems are God's way of keeping us from being bored.
~Just finished watching Never Say Never with my lil man. I love that kid!!
Greinke versus Lincecum sounds much more appealing
Think your day was hard? Women in sub-Saharan Africa spend 40 BILLION hours a year walking to fetch water. #Women'sEarthAlliance
any shot at UK championship T's?
With the exception of exterior stuff & contractor's jobs, this house is DONE. I have moved onto the fun stuff: shopping. Lots of shopping.
thanks for the retweet love, keep up the good work
Maybe there wouldn't be so much flooding in manhattan if new yorkers weren't already completely self-absorbed.
so many things left unblogged D:
ah I thought since is here and you said ToT you were here and you guys are attached at the hip...so yea
Thanks for watching Robbie!
Pretty jealous of everyone at #SOURCEBoston today. Lots of great #infosec tidbits coming out via Twitter. Thank goodness for hashtags! :)
Dumb niggas cant see shit in plain sight i got 3 eyes !
and not too much syrup otherwise ull sound crazy in ur lesson tmrw
Boys these days.
thanks for the mention. See you at the show!
Chapter 3 is up. onto another
Las Vegas weather is always
Money on my mind
I will only complicate you
thanks for the follow!
its coo, how have you been
is at the firehouse today. Going to miss Mid-Week Blend tonight.
Ready for a nap
dear dogs who live next door: if you continue to bark every morning at 7am and never ending, i will learn how to psychically melt you.
Amazing how cold Ryan Anderson (NBA's most improved player this season) has been in playoffs....he looks scared to shoot a three
do you stay positive in light of cdc's "news" today? i am just so sickened by it all
Haha. Well, it can only be so awesome without one of our shirts.
Small (Texas) world!
The singers in F Factor were the truth! Thank you for letting me hit your stage.
Has anyone noticed that gas had gone down?!
Is there some special wine that goes with that? Neat trip!
its just 2 funny when niggaz lie right in front of my face.........that shizz is just 2 funny 2 me
I didn't realize the chiefs were wearing black and white today!!!
So choose more often to enjoy, and happily experience life on your own enjoyable terms.— Ralph Marston
Rainy day in MIA
Hold on to whatever you find, hold on to whatever will get you through.
cool thanks!
Soo excited for mexico
Do you need a new bike for the 5 boro? we have really great bikes for sale www.spcarbon.com or search on Craigslist for SPCARBON
Anyone have a bass guitar they can loan me for a week or so?
Bears, sharks, and cannibals also pose threats, why not attack them!?
“: The #ABQ Downtown Growers Market is now on Twitter. For updates on their food, music & art follow ” Done, thanks!
Today is the day! 4pm at Schenley Plaza in Oakland
I have been great!
"Only God knows how much I loved you." --Gabriel Garcia Marquez
You would think that the Secret Service would be more secretive when being serviced! just sayin'
Short and plump
building facebook ads all morning. any insight?
I will be on the other side, Uecker lot, way easier to get out of. Where are your seats?
already we need to colab on something
For the Ebook Version the ISBN Number is 978-1-4535-0820-3 again just ask for The Book of Poems of That Traveler by Joseph D'Ambrosio
- i would love to see the UFC in the #CLE!!!
Every time I see a photo of the shuttle getting a piggyback ride by a jet, I'm surprised it works. Doesn't seem like that should fly.
ima call u frm my moms phone answer it!
u owe me $5
When we hang out, can we go shopping?! I still have a F21 giftcard to use.
Looking for some NYC/Brooklyn #models #modeling for #photoshoot. Saw some terrible #photos at go see appts for
Finally drinking the Alpine Lager I got at Super Ball IX. Its a canned Canadian beer in the disguise of an American Macro Lager
You know there are actually 6 games in a set right?
"There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact." - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Looking for a Spotify invite!
nope been in a rap mood today:) listening to obie trice:) haha
Gonna straighten my hair
Woo hoo! (yes I just said that outloud in my empty apt and my cats looked at me funny)
I know I hadn't noticed how lucky I actually am I'd die if I see Austin shirtless lol
True Value emphasizes merchandise moves - Home Channel News True Value emphasizes merchandise moves Home Channel News LED lights is takin
Am I the only one who thought Noam Chomsky was dead? (He's not.) Also, I need someone to explain his entire oeuvre to me in shadow puppetry.
Austin is beautiful.
what do you think of the #NewFacebook?
My dad left to go back to North Dakota. :'(
only in texas is the bar connected to a bbq shop lol
is happiest with her silly family. <3
Wow bad call clearly went off Harden
for nostalgia's sake, i tried to find the commercial from last year when they did the tweet insta-tv-spot thing. gone.
Welcome to Twitter! :)
not to hard on her doe
are you and the boys gonna go to 's show on the 11th? I would love to hang out again! (:
YES! my moms irish but born in the uk, and raised their till she moved to the US. with my daddy whos from spain. :)
Your beauty and love chase after me every day of my life. I'm back home in the house of God for the rest of my life. (Psalm 23:6 MSG)
New number inbox me your number if I had it.
miss lls. Plz don't fuck me up. You still ain't txt me yet and I inboxe u my number twice
So P Kane likes to drink. In other astounding discoveries, the sky is blue.
New website will be up soon stay tuned
Wish I would have said hi to you!
In our system leadership is by consent, not command
Indeed. I'm quadrilingual but I do think that programming languages count so I'd be closer to octalingual! ;-)
we're looking forward to the golf tournament! I'll be there... Glad we could connect here.
Dare you to MOVE! Great way to start the NEW YEAR @
hmm well at least you realize it. most people are like im going to be the next wayne or whatever
Thx for visiting #Dell for lunch & tour of our #SocMe Center w/ Fun!
I know its a pain but its the best we can do until the hotel finishes expanding the hhonors network to that area.
In last few days, heard about at least 5 libraries in area hiring LIBRARIANS. yay! Gavilan. SRJC. SJPL. DCPL. CCSF (where i work). +1 more.
My mom says every time Adam Sandler shows up with his striped athletic jacket, she thinks he's wearing a tallis. If only.
man, u really are a true new yorker
pigeon droppings are unsightly and can cause disease, lets get it cleaned up Vegas
you got the ready for the boys???
#georgeallen > you are answerable to human beings everywhere and to all Virginians for callG someone else a #macaca = monkey.
I loved your potato baby
