Her hat is a creation that will never go out of style. It will look ridiculous year after year. ~ Fred Allen
5 Bizarre Souvenirs I Brought Back From Vietnam: It should make me think of the place I went to or of something that happened on the ...
MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK.
lol naht even rahn. plus I have me a man already :*
Smothers Day?
#2011ICONicMemories "what do you do before you go to bed?" *LAUGHS*
Hey Brad, whats new at Fathom?
I agree with thiss
#winning RT : IT'S MIDNIGHT! this means it's now one digit until !
Milk is a fool hahaha
RT “: There's nothing I want more than to have my Daddy back.”
Hard to believe we only have 40 mins left w/ this team. Hope we finish up a great yr by bringing home number 8. Win or lose its been amazing
Finally convinced Jen to watch the movie "Sleepers" with me after nearly 3 years of building it up. It's extremely underrated and a classic.
Here I am! Now what are your other two wishes?
If they made a fathead of me doing the heisman stiff arm theyd probably sell three of 'em.. mom gramma & that psychogirl who wont go away..
yes, yes I would.
Also a bunch of us are going to go see the Philly LTYM - on Friday evening May11th, if you're avail for that one.
Unfortunately some do ": Do "Dear John" letters come in the form of a text??"
which decade?
Senior HR Generalist needed ASAP! $65K salary, 5+ yrs exp, Bachelor's degree req. For more info, give us a call today!
I think he's content that the team won and that he makes $24 million to be awesome.
the press avoids mentioning his lying. RT“: mitt romney is avoiding the press”
I thought it was terrible, but really liked it. There were a few twists.
'twas a pleasure seeing today. Tried and loved it!
My cell phone is red, Facebook is blue, no mutual friends, who the hell are you?
very nice!!
you're making me blush! How is Hawaii?
I was not a sports fan, but really enjoyed his take. Politics...not so much.
@@ Skypes with their boyfriend that's dumb@@@
harry im crying please dont leave one direction!
We are on comedy central right now!
Apparently getting drunk & making out with several people in one night when you're thirteen is cool. LOL People are dumb.
Serious sporadic wind here, + mild thunder ~38th/red river. Loving your weather updates, btw :)
< wouldn't a way to balance budget be to eliminate perks for past house and senate members that common citizens don't have?
happy birthday to <33 miss you! xo
The panel is now reviewing application #120002 for South Hancock County Community School Corporation.
thinking about you! Feel better soon and get back to #lex !
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.~The Dalai Lama
I heard there is are scholarship opportunities for Greenbuild 2013. Where can I find more info?
peanut butter jelly time. It gets weird. Quick.
It's getting cold so I'm trying hot water in my nalgene bottle in the bed.
Someone just asked me "Whats going on?".. I said "HAIL if i know"
Baseball fan who recently moved to Denver. Is the same as ?
hit me on the left coast bro
Getting ready for the ZOO campout. Leaving this afternoon with 85 7th grade students. The animals at the zoo should enjoy watching us!
2 Grills. That is all.
I wish lived near me! I have a feeling we'd get along really well! :D
I'm really from Ohio
Working on the show for tomorrow night at 8 ET. All shows in December will be a year in review of new tunes played on the show!
Pearly whites showing right now lol big time. :D
: You should submit an Over the Rainbow video for us. Maybe can accomp. on chainsaw.
I'm capable of, and have done, so much better. But still, I love Twitter and getting recognition is nice. Thanks again!
So I'm Guessin Ur A Detective Now Mom.
Pool party at my house. Text me.
Tomorrow FIRST DAY AT UNIVERSITY SO SO EXCITED! :D
Happy Birthday ! Hope you're having fun in the sun and enjoying the vacay :)
Was it the SERIES finale?
you should post more songs/covers on youtube!
I'm so fucking annoyed today , so that's just warning .
Thanks! Its a really fun race. Training isn't much different than doing only a Full, just include a few back-2-back long runs.
Straight awesome sauce. RT : You know what's awesome??? The fact that we are hosting 500+ people on campus today!!!
If you want or like to party in Vegas, get at me!
Fine w.me if hedge funds & banks have to pay for a pricey annual survey.They've proven they can't self-regulate or define ethics
Beautiful day 60's n january wooohoooo!!!
Yes I am Curtis
I could swear somebody just signed off that scrum call by saying, 'later nerds'.
damn. Ill be staying in Colorado over xmas. Come out and visit man! Well go skiing or drink and watch people ski or freestyle
If I one upped you seven times, would it bring you a crisp, refreshing, citrus taste?
Thanks for the RT.
I got a car!! When are you done with school? I have Wednesday the 2nd off...
Burgers and shakes from on Saturday! What about you guys? RT : What are you most excited to eat this weekend?
Now Following follow back :D nd dnt be a stranger hmu anytime
I dont think so cause she was looking for the book and someone walked in in the hallway. I will double check for you
Morning all! Fresh start! Remember to put yourself first, whilst still being considerate to others!
Ryan, the logistics would be insane but let's do it.
i just told her to stfu already & to stop judging me & she stayed quite lol c:
Up late working on music for a Mother's Day Gig in Chicago!
Tech & Soc- Robotics: Shadow Robot manufactures a device that includes fingernails. This robot is used to defuse bombs.
I love gigs that make you feel like you're on vacation. Heading back to Minnesota tonight.
I went to CC, but I actually grew up in Arvada Co why do you ask?
Do you ever go through phases when you can't type for shit on your smartphone?
NMPhilharmonic thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
On your couch that thankfully fit through the door? ;-)RT You know what? Hanging out in my own apartment is totally awesome.
Greetings Mike; Have you been to our #MLK TOD or spent anytime w/ our #community partners there?
In Pontificalibus => In the proper vestments of a pope or cardinal
FINALLY FRIDAY, PARTY PEOPLE!! If you're lucky enough not to be working today...we'll be serving up 2 for 1 beverages all day!
You didnt even know who Josh Hutcherson was before I told you, now you're in live with him. And Audrey Hepburn? You can't even say her name
Hi Rymo! Good to see you on here! :)
Blow out Sale ------> 20% to 50% Off on Designer Fragrances. In Southridge Mall Upper Level By Sears.
good luck with our contest!
#ThoughtsAtWalMart This is a multi-million dollar industry, why do they have shitty-ass carts?!
The emerging economies have been exploding since the 1990s.
Text me love!
The Secret History of Mongol Queens: Please join us by Tweeting a recently finished book! Or something you're reading now.
RT : What does #AdvanceNow mean for business? Find out 2/29 at Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce's Eggs & Issues. Register...
will we see you tonight?
what up Herve?
what fan fiction
So my Bentley had to get serviced today & they only offered me 3 choices of champagne w. the loaner car. Sniff.
#thingsmymothersays "It's just a game...are they paying you to watch it?" haha she never understands
Hoping Clippers end it tonight so #Spurs get back to action. I need to make a date for the Championship River Parade soon.
Ugh so many memories made on the welcome to paradise tour. BABY COME BACK
Anybody else have emails bounce back on Friday and the weekend? Thirty of mine did and IT says it was external. Harrumph.
whoooohoooo CANT wait for "KeNDRa" this weekend!!!
def want to adopt but not sure how the breed bans are in LA. Old roommates had pitt mix who I LOVED & miss everyday!
“: Stop to help some lady that had a car accident on 64 no Im blocked in”
during happy hour you get 15 wings for $8....
Thanks :) I love that u follow random fans and im ecstatic that I'm on of them Please notice me :3
que onda nancy como has estado
For serious. So ugly.
That's awesome!! I've read a lot about dogs in prison but this is the first time I've seen something specific about cats.
Just returned from the Celebration of Dick Elwell's life. What an amazing person. Makes me realize how lucky we live Hawaii!
lol are my tweets still sent to ur phone?
Thank You!!!!
advil rest ice then heat good luck!
you're currazy girll! I miss ya let's go out
M83 - "Reunion" Trust me :)
Just found out Bmth new album title It's pretty good
hi Britney how are u
I don't think you can do better for utterly beautiful design than a Packard.
On to #ohdc part 2, "Open Source Hardware for Fun and Profit." feat. and Leah Buechley (MIT, LilyPad)
Any potential release dates for the game you're working on?
OKC playing like its a aau game. Relaxed running and gunning.
Hmm. Maybe "Violet" works!
All eyes on me!! I feel like I'm the new kid
TY for the Shout Out !
Not all powerful women can be as well-rounded as you!
MON Lunch Soup Special: Creamy Tomato Soup with Crumbled Sonoma Goat Cheese & Infused Chive Oil
BELOW THE BRIM needs to know a Drupal Developer... I want a new theme...
A piece of me broke when I realized you talk to everyone like that.”
“: Things I do when I have to study: 1% = Study. 99% = Tell people I have to study.” I immediatly think if zig
Wait.. CU has a sports team that actually wins?
words to live by... you have got to enjoy your life..
thats john legend song "ordinary People"
senior ones are not going in until Thursday... the 60 I refer to are the juniors...
are you a #femaleSinger in #chicago #music ? Contact me..I got an idea!!!
lol, at least we keep someone entertained
Happy Birthday to my #1 fan !
currently developing innovative office pranks
Thanks again to all for the Birthday wishes!
Not a lot of sustained offensive zone time for Washington yet. That might need to change. Just a thought.
THIS IS THE OFFICAL PAGE! PLEASE STAY ON THIS PAGE AND NOT THE OTHER ONES!(:
I do believe #marketdays will be done again if not
#drunksgoacoustic Show just added March 13 in Tempe, AZ. at Fort Wonderlust.
Good for him. He does a fantastic job.
Picked up some Stinkin' Good Green Chile today. Can't wait to try it tomorrow!
This thunder is loud
the picture of that wild pair shoe. Was that online
For Design & International recruitment in the games industry contact .uk or .uk
I hope I didn't come of like that. Your insights are appreciated! Keep it up! I never say things on here I wouldn't in person.
I hate how rude people are in NYC. I am so glad to be getting out of here soon
Can't wait to see you!
really enjoying your work sir!
Dramatic home video captures the moments after an El Cajon Police sergeant shoots a suspicious man.
I just shrieked. AHH! Tyler tweeted me! <33 Fangirling in class!
Text 7 to 97979 to save
its because we had a drought last year but winter gets to about 20° sometimes down in the single digits, and summers are..
Should I squish this spider, It problaby has parents...
Haha oh damn were going to southlands
The best relationships are faithful relationships
In front of you, wait, let line drive go through, halfway on a fly, go behind you on the ground.
... Does my voice sound more angry? or does it sound more mad? How does the tone sound?
aw. good morning niall is trending <3
#fridayreads (print) Jacob Have I Loved by Katherine Patterson (part of my quest to read all Newbery winners)
Gonna have a four day weekend starting Thursday! Thank you NATO!
Take shelter in Forney right now. Tornado reported on the ground. Large hail in Heath, Rockwall.
I hate waking up at someone's house when no one else is up... I just lay here.
Theres mad amish people on this greyhound
You #ShouldntBuyJordansIf You can speak and write properly.
ahh! i got Breaking Dawn! i love this movie! <33
Look at my wrist that shit two hunid thous cut the lights down look at me now
hahahaha that's funny
cute boy at pret asked me out and then threw a candy bar at Lauren. Don't think I've ever laughed this hard.
I hate back stabbing bitches.
It was really annoying to me since I reboot frequently for windows gaming. I love bouncy scrolling! :)
Thanks. The report a problem link in itunes links to generic support documentation which doesn't seem helpful
Next show for Baltimore Boom Bap Society is 2/8 at , feat. Saleem, Max Beats, Brian Brunsmann, &
RT : 4th and forever is my show
u Neva answer ur phone for me!!!
I love the view from the Loge level behind the plate. Not too close and not too far.
#RelationshipsEndBecause the man just says he's #bored ... Have u heard this before?
Uhh your like 17 I'm good ?
RT : It wards off the morning bitchiness and brings the sunshine.
definitely leaving room for some of the other nets
RT I appreciate the support & prayers. Joe is continuing to fight.
All Ravens draft picks have reached deals with team. All rookies set to begin rookie minicamp tomorrow.
Check out the new CARS website! www.carsla.net
Buffy bingeing. Impatiently awaiting to return in all her season 7 badass glory.
I think someone is getting into my account and messaging other people...It is not I who is doing it.
Xbox Radio getting this bitch cracking with this
Fuck U Hater Out Thurr Free My Lil Brother Donaven A.K.A Dizzle Bitch
I'm Pintristed as well!
RT : I've been flirting with 666 followers all week. | you devil, you
ok cool :)
RT : What good online ed looks like? I'm doing a dissertation on that topic
Someone should totally come watch Serendipity with me :)
I hate these computers. Our policy says 1/2 hour and what sort of leeway am I allowed? And is it wrong to want a cattle prod?
is in town! Pittsburgh doesn't have enough beer for us, even if it is craft beer week. See you in a bit
you should follow me! It would defiantly make my day. 💜
Great message from >>>RT : The longer families stay in treatment the better they do.
3- I MISS YOOUUUUU♥ youre so pretty and good at singing!!!!! :)
Only my boyfriend can drum using a sink and his hands and make it still sound good! XD He's silly <3
57% of SMS reference users say the person at the ref desk looks too busy or doesn’t look like they want to help. Eek!
Thx for the referral, Wendy! , we do everything in house - you can even watch! Would love to help. (719) 265-6400
Don't be known for your "things" as "things" can break. But be known for your soul as it will follow you forever.
awww u will find u d perfect boy one day dont worry ;)
“: can't wait man, looking forward to it” We should do something crazy, like re open the hard rock theme park
:( at least I know samuel loves me 😭😢
almost put me to sleep though :b
I am still painting flowers for you
espn would love to get their hands on your feedback. Those shows are the $$$ in their arsenal
no doubt. Sorry for the biased statement, ment it out of love.
tell me something I don't know.........
Ur still here bc u can't stand to be away from me that long! It's ok u can admit it! LOL
Watching American dad
Need an SEO boost locally? Sign up for Google Places, setup a profile and verify your location.
bahahaha naw you got it out in models
heck yeah!! Lol
RT MuniMakin_Mitch We turned a negative into a positive and we gettin a lot money off it! We yung nd got buttons to press!
Randomly sat down next to a cousin of mine I have not talked to in five years in downtown Fort Myers.
i'm really feeling a two day working vacation in vegas right about now. and that was before the comped room email showed up.
Great work, Jim and IL Zeta
Haha 😜 as long as he's not singing "Refill"
Im never eating a white chocolate macadamia cookie in my life ever again. 😓
Great game defeating #unm tonight! #Rams Played with a ton of heart tonight!
alrighty night night !!.
Re-reading ANNABEL by Kathleen Winter, out from One of my faves.
Obama: North Korea will achieve nothing with provocation - CNN
yes, we will rebound from the losses and what better way...victories on the road!
Circulation grants allow for the purchase of e-readers
You know, we were thinking the same thing! Thanks for the tweet and stay tuned!
I work out, if ya know what I mean
never had it but I know people who're gaga over it. i've sensed strong pretentiousness/overrated waves emanating from it tho.
Why is the web going black today? To get your attention. SOPA may be shelved right now but like a bad penny.....
When natives get al drunk and all dramatic?? Is fucked up. All u have do is fight your way out of the BS:o)
#NHL playoffs! #NBA games!! And #mariners today!! Should be a great day!!!
My friends say I have a 'potty mouth', but I can't help it if I just really like the taste of their piss and shit. SUE ME!
see you soon!
maybe i forgot that cause i love u so much more as my greatest friend (:
ok ms lea pls pls tell me u are going to prrform as elfaba in wicked???omg!!!pls pls do tell where is the show pretty please!!
Buying myself something cool & expensive for my birthday. Blah blah blah fuck off!and yeah, it works.
Did Wade Phillips just draft his DeMarcus Ware 2.0? Think about the possibility of that.
Stone Creek Coffee has 4 steps to creating a cup of coffee: GROW Responsibly, ROAST to Perfection, BREW Experts, and SIP Slowly.
You know what……… YOU KNOW WHAT. You should totally rape my follow button(: lol I'm
Me: I just called to say I love you both very much. Dad: Back atcha, kid.
i think a fat boy just tried to pass off leggings as skinny's
Hm not feeling well today and don't know how I'm going to finish what needs to be done. Time to lay down & pray hard to the man up stairs.
Well guess I'm in for the night
Tell me, Doug, Why do most companies focus on earnings instead of the value they're providing? Why are so few value visionary?
University of Chicago signed MOU w/ that expedites public investments & approvals. .covers $1.7b cap campaign next five yrs.
omg josh I love you thanks for following
Whenever I restart my computer my HM2 doesn't work! :(
No matter how much the devil smokes. He will never be the most high
great to meet you too. Let me know how things go!
Bro....SWAG for days.
heyy! we havent talked on here in like forever! lol
I hate NBA haters!
What salt water does to your hair>>>
Just saw the bathroom battle on the news. Hope it gets built. But am curious why it costs half a million bucks.
lol yea how do you not know this?
I hear Omission is good & I've had a good one from Harvestor.
Last chance to enter to win the Samsung Galaxy tab from , we'll draw a winner at 4:45pm in Grand Ballroom A
yea sure do.. You know him?
RT : If you work in sports, follow and support SPORTS TACKLES CANCER as our industry comes together to help:
Freelance editors, we'd love to know, where is the best place to find writers that need editing services?
Best tweet I have seen in months lol.
Let me know, on the shows so i can get some pics. And the interview if you like.
Check out the video I posted of the gallery and some glass melting.
Thinking about asking my boss if I can be Instructional Design Princess so I can wear a tiara at work haha
off to poland! then israel
real madrid la liga champs!!
Cops stop me earlier. They come to me and say "papers" I say "scissors, I win!" Then they made me get out and do some tests. Sore losers
How fun though!! Having trips to look forward to is the best. Makes you appreciate "home" more too. :)
Bosh is Out Indefinitely? Should be interesting series with Indiana and potentially Boston with KG playin like its 99'.
Ahh my sisters coming home!!!!
Join our mobile adoption team today at Walgreens on Universe and Paradise! 10:00 am-4:00 pm.
Lola is fcknn amazing (;
The clouds r rolin n like the cocaine I found on my Neighbs fridge. Polar Popsicles and lunch once again with snap dat turtle
Happy Veterans Day! You guys are slicker than an owl with its ears shaved!
I just heard the track where is Imitating Houston Rappers. LMAO Dude you are Fkn Comedian
RT : We can do no great things, only small things with great love. ~Mother Teresa
Oak Creek paramedic unit involved in a crash at Howell and Rawson. Need new med unit for patient in rig.
I think moving Ramirez to 1st (mid-season) is the silliest
#boyfriend is pretty cool
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others
RT Todays topic is FITNESS in Chicago! Whether you're a fitness buff or trying to get in shape, youre all welcome!
Early Menopause Linked to Bone Fracture Risk
not entirely directed at you believe it or not
just made my first commit, and sent my first code review request. #yay!
I'd like to didn't read the reply yet will in an hour
happy nonbutthurt birthday!!
on my iPad and Big Ten Championships on TV. Good day for #WTA #tennis and #MSU basketball!
it explains a lot, really
The negative energy that you put out into the universe will multiply when it returns to you
I've never been to rock bottom, but I'm pretty sure it does involve a lunch at the strip club.
belin...are you drunk?
That fox pic is great! Never seen a black fox before!
Meet The Startup That&#39;s Going To Make Programming A Thing Of The Past
RT to kill battery RT : Damn I can't even tweet my battery life. freakin trolls. imma just go switch out my battery quietly.
if i knew what i know now I might be futher along with my goals but knowing now has me cherishing time and focused as ever.
“: If they get Boykin wouldn't that also address KR >> most important, can he excel in slot? KOs soon obsolete
ohhmyygodd why is the internet stream of slower than the radio?!??! ONE DIRECTION TIXS AH
Need any design work hit me up!
thanks for ideas can you follow me back ?
A hit song always starts with head nods...if nobody in the lab is noddin...you don't have a banger
I will Chrissy! I miss u!!!
Now I'm torn between pretending to like him so he doesn't burn my apartment down and telling him he's a grade A Jerkypants. Crazy racists.
Today was a beauiful day in the neighborhood! www.timothylucero.com
The piano version of My Heart Will Go On makes me cry more than the version with words.
uhmm :/ he is a douche!
Ever think about doing a shoot on young entrepreneurs? Check out this kid!! Is this the next CEO, Tony Hsieh
you've probably answered this query before but do you plan on making the source code to #synynyms available? cheers!
RT will be serving peached tortilla bfast tacos next week! Like their fbook fanpage 2 win free tacos & coffee!
because life is hard and chaotic but people try not to be and sometimes people win
People who cross the street in new york are basically playing real life frogger
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears. -Gertrude Stein
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they don't have an antagonistic divorce.
No NBA Season. :(
random addiction to strawberry jelly..is this normal?
Hope everyone had an inspiring time Studios open house today! If you couldn't go,DM me&I'll put you in contact w/ them!!
Ghost hunting .
when a boy wants to crash & pass it's cool , but if a girl wants to hit it & quit it it's a problem & she's a hoe. shit cray !
it would mean the world to me of you followed me back
Thatt Niqqah Bout WEAK Ass Hell :(
Ask your mom to look at the slipper chair I just pinned...Avington, $119.99.
regardless if Bayhill is his backyard course he won in style and class and he's back.
WOW........What is the world coming to?
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!!
didn't see the original tweet.. but i know i already agree. I'm not a fan of any IE broswer
So excited to see the #SWSEAedu pitch for DeathMATcH!!
Make learning part of the culture and that is done from the top down
Math is a waste of life.
Thanks, it's not quite over yet. She's stomping around and I'm thinking of getting my bat out of the closet. Lol
Would someone please tell Sheriff Clarke to quit while he's behind? He's becoming an even greater embarrassment.
When in doubt, tweet about it. How do you go into full screen (or presentation) mode on Google Chrome when using a PC?
that's a fat ass J bro lol
Not yet. Give me some time and I will share the bitches with you
Absolutely - I am looking forward to an exceptional NRA show!
I am excited to speak today Nat'l Birth to 5 Leadership Institute, honoring past leaders and celebrating the future!
yes please
HI Jessica, hows it going?
#TRADE we're currently offering trade opps to any limo or luxury car service co for 4-weeks in March. Reply or DM us for more info.
burned 172 calories doing 60 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
i love supporting indie designers so if u know any shoe/clothes/bag makers I shld check.. send me links
Everyone should listen 2 this song "Lighting" it's by its the sh**
of course! ;)
LAKERS WIN!!!!! [88 - 87] OT.....HELL YEAH!!! MY BOYS MADE ME PROUD!! LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS :D I can finally relax my vocal chords. WOOHO ...
If you're not in the game to win, what's the point?
I had JUST been talking about you when I saw that tweet!!!! Sending 200 #ff for the fascinating wonderful
It's a big win for many reasons. Can't go down 0-2. Gained home court advantage. Gave the young players confidence.
Hey AJ Tiffy here ;) Gettin a tweet or follow from you would be the coolest thing EVER! Fave BSB 4EVER & ALWAYS <3
RT : #PrioritySpokane: Though tracks different levels of risk, all students at risk treated the same.
Showers will persist through the evening hours becoming less and less overnight. A few rumbles of thunder can will be heard. Low of 56.
those are amazing! my fav!
Holy howling wind... ick
If you are trying to find those photos, hold off on the refresh button...we'll get em to ya as soon as we can :)
Viva la fiesta , viva la noche , vivan los dj's Pero sobretodo Que viva Dios
Me too! RT : I'm not ashamed either. Love Roy. He gave me and so many great memories. Can't wait to read the story.
bone thugs n harmony tonight .. some tickets are still available get em while they're hot
First Lady, Google launch White House virtual tour
#el12ala - Does anyone know when our activities start on Friday 6/22?
EXCELLENT day of writing. skyrocketed up to 148,869 words, and the light is *blasting* from the end of the tunnel.
Life is designed to make your brain explode. Enjoy the ride.
so it needs to be asap.
ditto, it's looking good!
you never told me to stay off you twitter
Exactly, vote against it. RT : I think voting for the marriage amendment is dumb, let people live their life how they want
Nope, I was discreet! RT : get any fun[ny] looks while washing your rope in public?
hunger games > real life
Editing w/ Nikki
“: great fight on Telefutura right now. non stop punching” Thanks. It is good!
Head up, stay strong. Fake a smile, move on.
Thanks again for leading on the ballpark back in 2006.
Car inspection.
haha that was funny!
I AM TRYING TO HARD! #niallwhipshispenis please follow us anyway!? new york loves u!
Well....that was unexpected.
just signed up for NaNoWriMo in November. I am scared shitless! Yeah, adventure! www.nanowrimo.org
Who will be the 4th team to join the Pats, Ravens, and 49ers next weekend - Pack or G-Men?
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
lol . Alright corn nut head.
The boozy lunch: ever so slightly more sobering with an infant.
Room 212 for forever and eternity
daigo was until he had a wedding to attend same weekend lol. Seems this year nobody wants to travel
anyone else find these kony memes hilarious?
are your parents accountants??
I prefer Madame Serena
Republicans: Keeping millions out of work to put one man out of a job.
Thanks Jeff, would love to know what you think of it after you finish it. Cheers!
Hence, internships. :) RT "No one has ever learned skills from a lecture session." #aam2011 most learn by doing.
I'm excited to be there. What parties going on?
trust is like an eraser it gets smaller after every mistake.
awww how cute!! :)
Kyle Clifford
RT "I wish I could force-quit you."
Morning ::crawls back under covers::
Manchester City>>
have an extra ticket for the Drake concert ... who's coming with me? :p
“The camera makes everyone a tourist in other people's reality, and eventually in one's own.” ~ Susan Sontag
Congrats on the new job!!
The Mystery of the Missing Keys. Solved by solidly brilliant detective work - they were in my back pocket. ;)
Sentence lost in a MPAA screening, answers to: “They ducked and covered as the f-bombs rained down, and they missed the fucking point.”
Back from Dallas hoping my Dad will get better, 's new book kept my spirits up and gave me needed laughs. Thank you Mindy!
I think Rocket's finally get it...can't fake desperation. More good news, read article in Miami Herald that Heat will look to rest
okay! Sorry :)
you tryin' to say all Filipinos look alike?
we're having breakfast at Sun rise in about a half hour. Late notice, so I'll keep you updated on other activities :)
I've decided the driver screaming "Get in the bike lane bitch!"at me on Oak is just a vocal supporter of the separated Fell bikeway.
which dealer owns a Lear jet?
Q5) Not enough venues for sharing successes.
Wat up beautiful?
Whose idea was it to put Charles Barkley and shaq on the same pre game show.
Working on an AWESOME new project that you will definitely be hearing more of!
thanks for the FF love.
Next one's Beerfest. WI Punx, if you know, you know. If not, email/message us for the details.
Golic is absolutely right. Madonna is a poor, out of date choice for SuperBowl. Lady Gaga or Katy Perry would be much better!
So excited! RT : I just bought my ruffian swap ticket!
thanx and sry for the late hit
Haha, first time for everything I guess!
saw u on twitter!! did I win now? :-)
PDI 2011: No. 1 reason junior lawyers do not heed career advice- conflicts w/ other advice
lmao! I only have a twin):
Good point, but if people use #edchat at the end of everything will the helpful info become hidden?
what are you guys doing tonight? RT Word. RT Just me and in the newsroom
I just walked the 3-mile loop around our subdivision. That makes 9 miles so far this week.
My tennessee lady vols room is almost done! Painting the huge T on my wall today!
yw :) I sure 1d will win
I couldn't stop laughing myself....
LOl, It Sad That Im Horny Right Now .... Smh
Is there wifi available at the NPM for the meeting?
All these pictures of food on facebook...I know you're excited to eat it, but we're not excited to look at it
Everyone just the fuck up! The pacers won that's it. #SHUTUP!
Mandy Moore - Candy (Lyrics)
He says he can beat me in basketball pshh, he probably can, :3
try it. it's good for what ails you.
The stories brittany tells me about her house just makes me want to call a priest for her. I don't understand how she can live like that lol
has a #Kony mask on!
If ACC gives FSU any special deal ($$), look no farther than OU/UT in Big12 to see how that will play out. Let 'em leave.
Be HAPPY....you really can't afford not to
I wish! I miss you already! Come see me!!!
cause im special;) Austin loves me thats why;) You know! didnt even know you could get suspended:LL but twitter can be gay -.-
I know!!!!! I didn't even know Android had the app available! The effects are so amazing!!!
Where this team is going.
I love how 7-11 is the only building within blocks to still have power.
it was super cool :) can you come over Saturday :) me you five other girls sleeper means we can't go to Church though
I'm probably racking up loads of bad juju for being that dbag at the gym glued her iPhone. day 5 of 30!
lol idk but we bought lol get a very simply thing cuz it's possible the wedding is here lol
lame. I don't want to sign another two year contract. Haha such a waste of money sometimes.
anyone besides me tired of hearing about octumom or Chri and RiRi
well maybe. I can be annoying! Not every woman can take what I offer. Hence ..I'm divorced. But I'd love to find out!
brad mills is angry. :o
You earned a BADGE in BBQ? Dude, that says a lot....I guess you love your BBQ....
I need some help from you :S
Does anyone know of a US release date for the Galaxy S I? *Drool*
Going to the CD release for The Great Went tonight. Shannon did the mix for some of the songs on their new CD.
I've been using 4 since Beta 1 and recently had to use 3.x for testing. Amazing how things have changed.
wednesday? some time this week?
Egg&Cheese sandwhich, Arizona ice tea, #LivenLifeGRAND ! (:
this is beautiful! I'm so proud of what's happening in Newburgh.
Smh my brother always making things difficult
why thank you :)
Band teacher Mr. Randolph~in 8th grade he told me that my fingers were too short to play the bassoon~saving me years of ridicule
Shame on NASCAR for penalizing Trevor Bayne and Steven Wallace in the Nationwide Kroger 200 race. It was NASCAR's fault!
Why would those judges say that? That was one of the best performances ever. DeAndre? Really? No, is the best one on the show.
a-port.Wish I had time 2 check out Swarovski store on concourse C to effect purchase of crystals for energy & protection on my journey.
And what's so urgent about changing a lightbulb during the day?
shit u da one lucky I wish I could get more hours
Pussy dnt rule the world.. these niggas now a days just weak. Ima fuckin man. I was born to rule and run shit. Period. Written in stone.
You. Are. So. Stupid. e_e
Dear Girls, it's not worth crying over a boy. UNLESS, they are Niall, Louis, Liam, Zayn and Harry.
Swedish fish are so good...
Next time I open one of pics...ima make sure my car is parked!! Lol
I'm not sure though if that's just for the race or for the FC history. cc:
So I've lost some weight and my stomach looks like a deflated basketball.
Perfect day for reading on a couch with a dog.
Thanks for the #ff You are the source of such good content yourself! Have a great weekend!
Wow, Aggregate's publication makes Grey Room look like USA Today. We need a history group that excites non-historians. cc:
Off to morning worship and then to work for the rest of the day. I am s o thankful that I have work to do when others don't.
Working out then photo shoot!
I wanna go see a movie when I go home I'm gonna get a date so we can have a movie date!
Lol so easy to cheat in spanish
right back @ Cha my brother!
I am watching NFL Red Zone, while waiting for America's Team to take the stage this evening. Any REAL Cowboy Fans out there?
Great job tonight, buddy! Love you to pieces!
There is one like 4 miles from my house..
Be Happy :) Show tomorrow night !!! Friday the 21st in Hollywood at ...This is a great Show with many amazing bands
Victoria is so sweet and she cares a lot about her fans ♥ :{). Best role model a girl could ask for
thanks for the tweet!
Right! I guess they felt left out with all the recent fb instagram hoopla.
huh ! I'll have to see if they have them tonite, which is the best tasting ?? thanks
Motorbike rider stoppie between guy's legs legs
I thought that was South Carolina...
Lat lit class- describe the climax of the novel: they have sex, he dies, she eats a candle, she dies
Oh, no! I leave for five minutes' work and Artwiculates gone?????? (Hello to every creature; lovely to see you.)
Yooo A fan threw (and hit) an Umpire with a beer.
I see it as a way to change the world at the very basic grassroots level.
thanks so much!
Cops even have "spotters" inside the bar who watch what people are drinking, and alert the officers waiting outside.
Michael Carroll: Gold OA journal authors ought to ask what CC rights reserved (beyond CC-BY) are worth / ask for discount on fees
Jose Perez
They say It's lonely at the top, that's why I'm climbing with all my homies
drunk slut
I want to date
HAPPY EASTER! :)
2012 Indiana Mechanical & Fuel Gas Code Adoption Committee met last week. I have been selected to serve as a voting member. Quite an honor!
I hope everybody from #12HOURS are for #healthylifestyle. Follow me for good health & skin care tips and treatment methods
#Romney apologizes for lifetime of misogony, homophobia, rapacity, unctiousness and general D-Baggotry. Can't recall any specific incidents.
At home watching criminal minds with my family I love my life...<3
well now u did babe lol
Is it really February?
i'm standing at your front door delivering jimmy johns to your neighbor :P
Leap of Faith #broadway it's closing Mat 13th!
Thank you for the #FF mention!
hey how are u
thank you! You too!
Dreams are motivation...but don't stay in the fantasy...live in reality....
Hi drake strong!! :)
we can travel! Or at least our super talented wrap designer can provide the design services!
slides are so very evil.
We're ready! I'm excited to touch base!
Also tonight, Jan 11th, Personal Manger, JL Diamonika is looking for new clients and is one of the best managers in NYC. 2 spaces remain!
Anybody else out there have their whole musical point of view (and world) changed by 's Clarity?
I'm feelin god ;)
Happy national nightshift workers day ... Particularly to one bad ass mother(bear) ...
This niggga justin, funny
oh sorry!! I will give it to you when he's finished :)
I'm bringing 3. You can have one of mine. Or all. Especially after they have had 2 much sugar.
Yes show up RT ! : A3: The world is run by those who show up. So show up.
hope everything's well with you & Angela! :) & no problemo
what the hell?
I fucking hate this shit, why can't school just be over so I can sleep in everyday
A Cross to Bear, check it out, the website is on my page.
Injured Clijsters Out Of Clay Court Season - 10sBalls
I have to get back to making more music... Been playing too much league o legends
Thankyou lady, you do too. Rt : Showing love to all my followers today. So thank you :) Stay sweet!
Pick up a #WSJ with your lunch today & check out pg. B-5! Our #BoBNow Ad. looks great!
Morsels & Tidbits? Pigs in a Blanket? the folks from The creators of , Eamonn's, PX & Majestic
These stupid radio stations are horrible they play the same stupid songs all the time, im just gonna stick to V101
Looking for media sponsors for tour. Arizona dates included in tour dates.
I wanna dance with Whitney! R.I.P.
Doc Rivers said that Ray Allen (ankle) has a 60 percent chance of playing on Sunday vs Hawks.
also the after party on Saturday is at ave
way too addicted to Dateline and Keith Morrison
Okay, why do people follow you if they're really not gonna read anything you write, and when they do, they don't care.
well I dunno about you but the Caps beat Philthy Philly last night. So C-A-P-S! Caps! Caps! Caps!!!!!
I hate it when I knew I could have been somewhere else tonight instead of sitting at home :(
Whoo hoo! Another morning show in Times Square today with Improv 4 Kids! Never to early to improvise!
cant get a hand to save my pro golfing career!
Glowing from the inside out!
Happy Friday to some hardworking birds!
Me too! <3 That's why we're BFFs! RT I love how you love all the same ppl i do! :)
I know it. I am trying not to panic, but you HAVE to have a shut-down closer. Ross is too unknown for me (now)
lucky you!
considered go way up. I'm working on finding one now, actually!
How exactly does one suck a fuck?
Nice. RT : I have no words. RT : Foo Fighters will play the Marcus Amphitheater on June 28 at 7:30 pm
Well, they don't actually call it Consulting 101 (my words), but that's pretty much what it is. Corporate terms abound!
God is good :)
Seeing that fuck head Joe Brian on my TL 😒 <
Drake Show<Lake Show
MLB said that the grounds for overturning Alfonzo's case was "nearly identical" to those resolved in the arbitration involving Ryan Braun.
Imma be studying for the S.A.T the whole day today >.<
A-thank you.
Yup I'm classy RT : I've gotta party with you two soon!
2 things. #1 I'm tired as hell off the wack ass 2hours of sleep I got last nite #2 Why is 2chainz still trending??
you knew I would remind everyone that it's THIRSTY THURSDAY. #cheers everybody
LOL, I'm sorry it didn't work. If you sign back on, look me up. :)
It was so wonderful to have you swoop down and feed us worms.
Greg Baldwin: We didn't know why NOT to build a #nonprofit that wouldn't be dependent on philanthropy forever
Completely agree. No one can hide anymore, everyone has to create wide open direct online feedback channels.
awesome! Let me know where!
No problem Check out some of our muzik if u have time
Can facebook not be a little bitch right now?
While we're on the subject of freezer-friendly dishes, what are your favorite dishes to prep ahead of time and freeze?
Have a great trip! Bask in the glow!
We offer in-home tutoring throughout the Atlanta area. We have found that individual, in-home tutoring maximizes both the convenience...
i need to
going to Hawaii this year and I am trying to think about what I need to bring....Anyone have any advice?
no, I don't sorry!
Should I be concerned that you can only draft 1 of the 18 guys you are worried about...
not trying to be. Im being serious.
Only two hours until Said The Whale, We Are The City & Kristin Gaerlan. Starts at 8, don't be late!
About to panel and teach a "mini-class" MBA for a Day.
My eyes are burning
stop hacking my twitter to boost your self esteem !
when your mom thinks "grounding you" means not letting you out till after a month
what kind of sick joke is that?!?
no prob! everything is great, how about you? Happy Monday!!
Love that post! And loved sharing it a few weeks ago in our #twitter chat!
Sipping at home. I just ran out of Mezcal and switched to Tequila. I'm not sipping anymore.
chris brown, khalifa, big sean - til i die
Half Price tickets to see Keiko Matsui! Thur, April 19th and Sun, April 22nd, the 10 PM shows only. Get tickets online, use code “BATW”.
face time me babes x
hey did you get this
and their merch girl is dancing in a two piece bathing suit with a glow stick style hula hoop.
Hey it's BK, What is the best co-headlining tour you have ever seen? Or the best double bill? So, not including festivals.
Hewitt held up better than Roddick. Got that one wrong. Ah well. Aging is easier on good wine than good tennis. Aussie Open
im ready for summer. asdfghjkl
where's #davegaume?!! XO
im a fucking idiot & believe in myths from thousands of years ago? RT : I am Pro-Life because _____________ and _____________?? ~
bless your soul.
Helping film a two day workshop called Real Edge Training. Liking videography!
Protests are the new normal. This is the winter of people's discontent. It promises to be interesting going forward...
on the phone with Yum Yum.<3
haha and the rest came from i see stars?!
congrats on the baptism...and the Dodgers are 3-0, great day!
congrats on Troy launch..what do u recommend 4 lunch?
yeah he gave me a shoutout lol. also you have a skype?
learning how to get rid of any flour clumps by smashing them into the bowl. My family didn't sift ;)
going tonight?
wait are these similar to pot brownies? If not we be fine. I'll take a batch please
Happiness I think I need some.
Hope you know I love you!
Ugh dont want to studdy chemistry.. I know this stuff there are alkanole and ethanole and ethan-1-ol *blabla* ..
I hate finding out extras about your crush.
Joe's on stage!
100 dollars spent on just getting my car checked out. This is exactly why I freaked out.
then sun drop commercials b a foo lol
I think it's once again the speculators responsible for gas hikes n I think they obviously don't like the President either.
i love meeting new people .. srsly . Ive met some amazing people
sebastian:Why? Because I can.
#SignsYouLostAFight You going around telling everybody you won.
What she taste like though?.RT : Ugh... Girl y do u smell like syrup?
I agree with that. Certainly the world Zuck is trying to create.
: ALLOW - Always Let Love Offer Wisdom #TDL"
How much does a downtown bus cost these days?
what you mean talking about you???
Well said!! Thanks
My heart could probably use some cardio today considering I ate a 3/4 lb bacon cheeseburger last night.
it's good when you have a moment to kill and that's the only device you have to hand
I got my first Instacanvas and it generally looks good, but there's a chunk of ink missing on one side. What's happens now?
Sealogix Fish Oil can be found at www.5StarFishOil.com
Getting excited about Mumbai/Chennai match today. Anyone else watching via the IPL site?
Good time at the book festival, though way too hot and I missed the author I went to see. Laura Bush, where were you?
thanks for the RT
If you think I was your such a fool!
Your family = my life
Cold weather and baseball is a worse combo than Kim karadshian and marriage
"With Chocolate"??? Don't know about that one. It's got to be one of the most morbid fortune cookies I've ever read!!
When it’s hot and a box of truffles sounds too heavy, get your choco-fix with Lee’s new ½ lb. candy bars with nuts and fruit. $10 each.
Seeing #TheLuckyOne with can anyone else say, m to and his looks.
☼ You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward. James Thurber
look forward to enjoying your tweets as well sir!
George was the least suspicious out of the whole family. Unbelievable that they found him of all people (over Casey!) suspici
I have school on Monday.....shoot me please..... X^(
no why ?
Just had 3 back to back orders of her name
Good morning sunshines!
different set of attributes when considering music in music licensing than radio
oxon hill's own!
Join our mobile adoption team today at Hyatt Regency Tamaya Resort & Spa! 11:00 am-4:00 pm.
What would we do without
Ah, yes. Deadly sin number eight in the South. Being my dad was from GA, yeah, microwave was the enemy in my house.
Its a mix of camo and cashmere! There is a sportsmans show next door :)
“An exclamation point is like laughing at your own joke.”
Saturday night. Family dinner. Awww yeeeaaaahhhh
Why does Twitter unfollow my followers lol?
Thanks for a great event!
Check out the BBJ's newest edition of BBJCast! Stayed tuned for BBJVideo of BRAC event last Friday.
Defense attys in Rodney King case described his leg as "cocked" even as he was lying on his stomach-blackmen have always been weaponized
._. I'm so sleepy
Sometimes they say u should listen to ur mother when she tells you something bout ur love one but I realize there not always right #sis❤u
thinking about 90 degree weather in California...
a demo in August, and an EP in september!
I want to experiment with a Cash Five program that uses Ken Silver's idea, with at least 40 profiles and 37 lines per profile.
Post-racial political society? Dan Rather begs to differ--not by a longshot. Crowd applauds agreement.
where u going lady
Hope those are CC's Good Luck spikes he has on!
Road trip!
Doing a "man's job" with 4" heels & lipgloss on
#librarianscode What is the cost of NOT doing anything? Good question.
With one voice, the town dripped fear/into my morning coffee and the whisper/drove persistent echoes/of our macabre dream
oh yea!! That's what I meant. Wow. That was a dumb moment. Excuse me while I go hide xP
Preparing the #Behancereviews press release for Baltimore.
cabin in the woods can be summed up in one word
Science, meet life: Why I write on addiction in the Bronx
I love my real bitches , fuck the fake hoesssss 🎧
Erick's Cuban Salsa class explodes the roots of it's heavy African influences, all the way to it's present day incarnation of Timba.
The weekend is almost over, Monday morning we're hitting the ground running! Let's make next week a great one!
Lmfaaoo niggas in this world is funny as shit !
#weddingday!! Im so happy for my mommy and gary! I love them both so much!
You can lead a toddler to the crib, but you can't make him sleep.
YAYA TOURE!!!!!!!!!!!!! WITH THE WINNER!!!!! AN ABSOLUTE BEAUTIFUL GOAL!!!
was looking sexy as always that's what!!!
#ImagineAustin : let me love you<3 you: I've been letting you love me for a long time! <3(:
Thank you! Great to meet you-- hope you enjoyed my active, excited group of kids today! :)
Just took our Expulsion staff pictures!!! Stay tuned...
no prob. thanks for all the great info!
hey :) you better not be going to sleep.
#saa11 got me re-thinking social media efforts... if anyone out there is willing to share ideas, success stories, etc. dm me!
Its gotta be you! <3
OK this twitter addict has to put down the laptop and hit this gym!! Deuces peeps... be back soon!! #Blessings and celebrate life!! #Enjoy!
Just turned on Bulls game for a minute. WTF are the Raptors wearing? Those uniforms are horrible.
Having the house to myself isn't always that great
RT : rather live in a cell, than live a lie!
Bout to gett ready fa Work
very true..! Whats your I.U level..?
Hey are trying to peek at my new web? "Eww, not yet. Pretty soon, but i will share one of my new foot scrubby names flip flop junkie monkey
Chris Brown Hits Miami Beach with Karrueche and Friends [PHOTOS]
Cant sleep
your cute :)
We'll be live tweeting from Vatzlav at 21st and Boston in Tulsa, Oklahoma! Follow the messages at
yay! happy to be of service.
you're welcome
"In order to be an effective singer, you must sing not only with your voice, but also with your spirit. " ~ Elisha Hale
Tough #Flyers loss but we'll take the point.
I bet they taste fantastic.
just woke up
just spent 15 minutes looking over the schedule. I'm way too excited.
I miss Ricardo Montalban. :(
epic first opening day today with 2 of my 3 boys are playing this year. class org, great volunteers.
What a beautiful day to work on
Their justification was "bro! it's the first weekend back!"
My phone died and deleted what I was writing :( ll finish tomorrow goodnight:)
my looks opens the doors but my personality takes the doors off its hindges lol
Yeah, but not as nice as understanding both the problem and the solution.
Cancer is Romance at its best
Big shout to my brother SGT Grear! Follow
I'm missing BGT so much,heard that you'll be there in 2013. Woo Hoo Can't wait! I also sent a letter to you
Hey I'm bringin the party to + the fam w/ SHOTS! Leggo!
Getting ready to hear from Frank Piotrowski from
i would add to that...into outer space :)
Well Peter, this underscores the tactical nature of internal TA...when developing talent is key to landing "A" players...
can you follow me plz
This reminds me, I need to read *Mr. Darcy, Vampyre,* which a friend bought for me.
q2: just curious, do we know if this is public,academic, or special?
on the menu today: pita pocket sandwiches; beef, cucumber, onion, tomato, tahini, yogurt w/ falafel for the vegetarians on staff...gone!
It's raining...a lot. I'm worn out from this past week. Guess what? You can find me in my bed all day :D Hit me up on your car beds cb radio
how bout gas money?and a chicken dinner..?
Going to sleep so early was a really bad idea lmfao
Replay of Forest - Bristol City tonight at 7pm on Plus. This is gonna hurt watching. But I will not waver,
Absolutely! Glad to have connected with y'all!
hey!!! I love and miss you!!
I feel bad for Weiner. He couldn't even resign without people yelling about his dick.
you too love!!! I'm callin you in a bit =)
Win Men in Black 3 donuts and iced coffee goodies & a $10 DD card from #AgentDLV TODAY! Just tweet us for your chance to win!
Wow...just wow. Who has the time to come up with this stuff. I just raised their time on site significantly.
Had a little coo day
YES. We will sign Walter. /cc:
Your choices shape your community. Support Local Small & Independent Businesses. Support Community.
this Thursday! Come out and have a $1 drink and a great date night! #Bartab!
Birds in full voice this spring
Everyone follow
grateful for the peace, love, harmony, good health and prosperity in my life. Happy New Year to one and all!
guess it's lunchables for now and then potluck at sunday school ✌
Did you know that Pac-Man ranks as the world's most popular arcade game of all time? How big of a fan are you?
Not with a bang, but a whimper?
I'd watch the Sully & Mojo Show.
Hank Lundy vs Patrick Lopez Odds With In-Depth Preview!
Meiselas--began collecting rather than taking photographs and gathered stories around them to create her archive
lmaooo yup I do don't worry I'll give you some........one day but not today lol jk😜
Technology is great right now but where is the flying cars n talking robots
I just finished a 1.25 mi run with a pace of 13'52"/mi and a time of 17:23 with Nike+ GPS.
It's me follow back, Josh
hahahahahahahaha @ "run her bubble bath using the good dish soap."
Well uhh yeah
I like the product that arrived in my mailbox yesterday
"Whose year? Our year!!" happy 2012
Arevalos's atty tells jury that all the alleged female victims had been drinking and might not be credible witnesses.
Acting vs directing: As a director, I want you to be the one! As an actor, I want to be the one. We are all connected in the mission!
Yup, yup! Tampico FTW! :)
“: Yea look at dat fro!” savage
Thanks for the RTs on my blog post, !
show me some tricks (:
You shoot me down, but I won't fall.
Last weekend to catch our "Out of Fashion" exhibit before it closes. As Heidi Klum says: one day you're in, and the next, you're out! FREE
Listening to Randy Gill song "Radio" Did he say "Come to Randy Baby?" OMG you stop it Randy mymy! www.moikorecords.net:Moiko Showcase I CD
U will be missed :/
you like mix tapes? we like mix tapes? should we mix you a tape?
Dude i know right?? a more functional vaggazzal, i want to be responsible for all the ladies on our emerald isle smiling!
SCAN will close at 4pm today, Tuesday 7/27, for the Rally for SCAN's Future.
Going snowboarding with Jan 7! So excited!
Im great Happy New Year.... Do you have any resolutions?
Rachet ass weed.
I KNOW. Busting out the waffle iron for dinner tonight.
So is going or is in peru, and I've heard that so much people went to buy their tickets
My day after a text message this morning <<<<
I'll be expecting a text any minute.
ugh, it's actually really bad. The pho was super salty and the spring rolls were bitter. :( no peanut sauce either. Won't be back.
oh I will PROMISE Miss Hollywood :-) I'm so happy for you.
You see a mouse trap, i see free cheese and a challenge! Scroobius Pip great things ahead for 2012! Merry new year!
I love Skrillex.
I need to get out!
I love the Clayroom! Great place to make special holiday gifts. Say hi to Prudence & the Clayroom team.
brah yo avi/mix-tape cover hard as fuck..... Whoever did that went the fuck off
The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds
go where you are celebrated not tolerated. bgr8 now
Last day of #e2conf. We've had a blast. Don't forget to visit the booth. We'll talk #socbiz & more.
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died on July 4, 1934 of radiation poisoning.
Thank God for spell check lol
Thanks for following my twitter Ray. I like the sound of Mindset Tweaks.
Martha Driver is teaching the middle ages using second life.
Lotsa grumpy people about today for such beautiful Friday weather...
Super hungry + tired + lazy never ends well.
You Better Be Glad ill Proly Never Meet You In Person Cuz I Would Fuck Your Shit Up Lmfao Jk
Second stop on the gourmet coffee circuit this week , great product but one request: bring back the old school caribou logo!
B*TCH YOU ERKIN H*E
STFU cus your weak. But I don't hate THA game , you just a fucked up ass player
got my tics 2 go in Aug. cannot wait! RT : David Gray and Ray Lamontagne are touring together? Wow, that will be a show to see.
I miss ur random days of coming to visit me lol
Im here to Listen
U shouldn't care about what people thinks about u Wen they stop thinking is wen u get worried..Cause Now you've successfully became a Nobody
Whats life when you spend all day watching Gossip Girl?
The bullying presenter dropped, "Oprah flew me in.."
Getting married? Call or email to book Alchemy for your special day!
lol that ain't cold, that's Colorado! Welcome!
I'll miss you!!!
Children are the hands by which we take hold of heaven.
Uh-huh.
We are running a special for the month of February. Check it out at our website www.slyderfootball.com #special offer
It does seem too early and I think the sequel was alright- nothing too special. I'm more of an Iron Man fan though!
follow back Daj
Thank U
Watching tv and catching up on my email. I shouldn't let it get behind like that, because then it takes forever to catch up on it.
Aristocrat - Degenerate... Aristocrat - Degenerate... Bugger! Which one!!
<<< FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW !!!
awesome! Thanks for posting!
My favorite thing too do lately is drink some JD then hop I'n the whip put on -the ride & cruise too the club. I be faded....
Let us know if we can help you with getting your passport quick.. www.passportsandvisas.com
The perfect training session
- Just sold my 5DMKII to get into a live streaming rig, Panasonic GH2s perhaps
ok! I'm so sad!
Warchurch rocking tonite in the LBC at The Pike on 4th...turntables and that funk! (via ) (via )
I think I should staple my phone to my hand.
you are clearly well-heeled Miss, therefore you can pay for dinner.
.....am I the only one who hates Christina Aguilera...?
Headed to #AG20 hoping to meet folks interested in regional food systems and #grassfed beef! Should be a great conference!
THE RISKS WE DON’T TAKE NOW ARE THE REGRETS WE HAVE LATER. IF WE SEE CHANGE AS BEING A LOSS, WE RESIST IT. EMBRACE CHANGE
This being the cowboys you never now when to cheer. I've been a fan for years and when they have the groove they all have it
The Circle of Sorcerers: ebook available #kindle #Nook #smashwords. Print editions soon.
to me obviously.
And THAT is why there is nothing like the #NHL #StanleyCup Playoffs in ALL of Sports.
Thanks - We try! RT ... looks very fantastique
I need a good lawyer can anyone help?
no don't do it you been doin good
Ball is on your court now buddy. Quit passing it back or I'm gonna freaking throw it away -.-
-___- you know exactly when your coming yet?
Why am I so in love with British Bands?!!?!?!
Wondering if Curly Neil is here somewhere #globetrotters #jaxarena #
ACL? Why is Baron Davis shagging flies?
thank you!!
I haven't seen it yet, on the list though
RT Its official I'm a college graduate :-) <--- WOOHOO!!!! CONGRATS!!!
after reading the NYTimes article on it, I think it's not substantive, but it's clear, honest and brave. Useful? I dunno.
": No bitch is worth breaking a nail. BUT if she get out of line whip that ass"
Whose the other amazing band besides Stay?!
nice guy?
I'm sad to not go to class but mucho feliz to get extra time to study for Español test
Oh no :( Really sorry about this—can you shoot me an email w/ the details? It could be a Google Maps issue.
Um the Pistons are leading the Cavs 100-50 at the end of the third? Really???
party begins !!
Yes he does. :)
hope that Florida State beats Georgia Tech this weekend! GO NOLES!
I'm officially in Puerto Rico. Yeah!
Are zebras black with white stripes or white with black stripes?
New York I gotta go shopping for summer!!
yeah there's one on Sand Lake & Universal. Between FLAcon hotel & Wet N Wild. Uno had better beer too.
Bel plant design: Full speed ahead
Loyola Blakefield LAX MIAA opener: April 10th vs. St. Paul's at Hargaden Field Via
If You're Talking To Yourself, Your Lame !
i feel like you just abandoned me :( jerkface
Congrats to Sean Miller (Pitt Panther) & his team on their win over Duke!
RIP Troy Davis
Bring Bobby's World back!
no :D
dun ask me
Melo can bring these boyz back tho if they decide to stop turning the ball over and play defense
Apple to hold press conference tomorrow at 10:00 AM PST. Will they recall the iPhone 4? Issue everyone cases/bumpers? What will they do?
One more follower until 900!
And now I'm bored. Good :)
Kylie Morgan will be in the house tonight throwin' down some major jams. Come out and enjoy a slider to some rocking music!
RT : We won Best of Expo for Z-CoiL Pain Relief Footwear at newlivingexpo.com! Hurray! They really understand the benefits!
Watching a movie with Phyllis... Nice to unwind and relax!
Never mind, a squirrel just ousted me as mayor of this woods.
Habitat 4 Haiti campaign never stopped. We are just getting started!!!! Look out Haiti is here to help.
#PCA I bet its little house on the
Thanks for the shout out ! All are welcome to run, walk or volunteer!
Hold on, we are about to release a site where faculty / staff can get Office for $9.75. How much do you love me now?
no, you weren't. I enjoyed chatting with you.
you should open a women's karmaloop boutique in boston.. it would do really well! no one carries any of karmaloops brands on newbury
hey, I'm an art major!!
you should give a shout out to #speedwaydemolay who is going to Heartland as we speak!!
Could John Edwards be a bigger dbag? That swoopy-haired jerk makes Clinton, JFK and Newt look like saints.
did hulk hogan or the rock make it;)
Yes, they live in a bubble.
Understanding Google Adwords & Analytics up next at
That's a great video! And you're even in the song.
this rumor might become a fact very soon! thank you
Continued from last tweet... I said "It's called burning discs, SMART ASS! The End.
FINALLY watching #ThePitch! Thankful for my DVR
Huge fan of the Dead exhibit. Had a blast and enjoyed everything! I find new stuff every time I visit!
"Having seat time for the sake of seat time is really yesterday's classroom" - powerful words from COO
Ikr? But it speaks volumes. If they can't put your love on top, keep it moving! LOL! I love it!
We did the same in Cincinnati! “: I'm looking at Pre-Schools already for my baby. L.A. Is weird.”
Thanks. Started return a few days ago, now get nothing when I log in. Possibly logging into old acct? Or just gone?
Why is Game of Thrones so good?!
Looking at my calendar for the next 7 days...something awesome every night! Yay!
Can't wait for #thewalkingdead to be on again! it's gonna be so long til I look forward to Sunday's again
Is that the sun I see poking through the clouds?! You would definitely stay out mr sun!
Princess Sarah! How are you??
I see a nap in my future!
Back to Netflix. Goodnight.
I just noticed i was on the wrong bus,,, pissssseeeedddd!!!!!!
Helluh bored. Boring ass weekend.
Did you know that the FDA does not regulate shampoos used on pets. It's true so make sure you have a complete ingredient list on the bottle
You ain't got no job, you ain't got shit to do.
You're awesome! Good for you.
Forgot how much I love this Chocolate Factory cd. Arruh has hisissues but this was my riding music for a long time.
I'm going to miss having class with and
Now that I get you , I know fear is what it really was .
Check out our new website!!! Learn about the great cause we're supporting! www.InspirationalMedicine.org
*fucks u up wipes hands&walks away* (:RT : -____- *acually boxes you*
is writing but will he play out live soon? We hope and wait. In the meantime we listen to his music on the sound box.
let's go to the cornyval (:
appreciating the state of calm and order at the office
“: let's not bag on North Carolina. Groovy, liberal, open-minded CA did #Prop8. Enemy is fear, ignorance & special interests”
Some people are so fond of ill-luck that they run half-way to meet it.
Also a big fan of the blogs of the Digital Campus crew, but the posts are too few and far between!
Nina Simone is smiling!
your boy is coming to FL for spring break!
: Wish we could have been more precise, but that's all PECO could tell us--it was their power lines that stopped working.
Okay, so I gotta ask: what happens when a duck flies upside-down?
Every time I listen to Nari & Milani - Atom . I always feel like hanging out with molly
my best friend and I are seeing you May 1st in Seattle, we're so excited!!
World Piece. Everyone's doing it. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
You guys do a great job! Did Ash have a TD pass? Any idea how Shipley scored his other TD?
best matches on the PPV last night were Morrison vs Sheamus and the 4way for the world heavyweight title !! Great job WWE
i know! he's always doing stuff, he barely has time to ustream and talk to us like he used too ):
oh.we can be friend
upset why?? Of course not!
My non geek pal says "it's because they spend too much time indoors. Give them some sun and vitamin D" # geekdepression
$5 per person
Sometimes You Have To Forget How You Feel And Remember What You Deserve
thanks! LL jamming now!
I hate Tx weather!
so bored...
thanks so much!! leave a comment :)
you & music were the only things that I commit too .
Thank you my friend & a big #FF to you!!!
Mr. Do you have any advice on hiring web programmers/designers that won't steal my idea?!?!
Excited for my first visit to Wolf Trap on the 28th for A Prairie Home Companion
I say you eyeballing the boudin noir, we'll see what else looks good
Back to the Future is a modern classic! Great work. I'm also particularly fond of the Cuban-jazz score to "Soapdish"
Awww, thank you sweetie. I love you so, so, so, so much RT Happy birthday to the best mom in the world
u got hacked bitch
getting ready to work on our acoustic EP :)
happy, happy, happy birthday! xo
Lol I trust I my gut... and it says ima get kicked out which I'm prepared for because ima move in with my Ex-GF she's bi
Where ya going? ... I'm at Baltimore / Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI) (Baltimore, MD) w/ 74 others
glad you found your pup
hey thank you for following me:-) if you need a writer, or photographer let me kmow. lets stay In touch
If the #Brewers dont start to show some fire soon Zack Greinke should be dealt. This isn't a situation where draft compensation is enough.
sorry folks I had a constituent call missed the back and forth
Oh, my lanta. Get on facebook.<3
Wow this is crazy
What we're really talking about is a wonderful day set aside on the fourth Thursday of November when no one diets. I mean, why else would...
been together since the minors <3
Getting a pedi (:
How did you celebrate your Easter weekend?
Oddest praise I've seen about Lana Del Rey so far: "the most distinctive and assured debut since Glasvegas’ eponymous disc in 2008"
also, Version 1.5 (1043.1) does not have a spinner while searching
WANTED - Competent non partisan 'elections' attorney. Unafraid of the Democratic Machine: Daley, Madigans, Durbin, Obama
If you do not know where you are going, every road will get you nowhere. -Henry Kissinger
DIXIE - LOVE!
Awesome! Just sent it sir! Thank you
I wonder if that new announcer at #CamdenYards is the reason why the #Orioles are #1st place team. Its gotta be great announcing
So gone already with and 😂😂😂
If people with one arm go to get their nails done, do they pay half price?
yea and for some reason my tweets don't come to my phone
Joe Girardi doesn't seem so desperate to save his job with pitching AJ in Game 4. Thoughts?
People like new years because they feel as if they can start fresh. But my winter break homework keeps following me around.
what up my nig, my ass down here in Columbus workn and shit. wassup wit you ain't seen you in a grip
Only in Lubbock will you find the girl in my last photo ...smh po lil lbk
strictly for dating though? sounds pretty interesting to me.
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you occasionally have sex
RT : - you might not want to own shares of the #GreenBayPackers, but I will gladly! Pays other dividends.
do it!
Hey,Genus someone gave you a chance.If U are self- made, You look like your are self- made.Tacky UNRAVEL
thats great news!
Come on, Hoos. Need another inning.
Exactly. But while they're playing, no guarantee you can get it. Paying guarantees the signatures!
Ready to dip
Looking at my schedule for the enrollment center in Burbank makes me miss having what little life I had.
I am moving to North Carolina over Easter weekend, I will miss all my tweeps in the D!
m imagine that, at the park on a hot day, grown ups running to a beer truck..
yes. I don't want to go to school tomorrow. Haha.
'I never knew cats liked ramen noodles"
I was born and raised in SD....Is it odd that I've never been to Hodad's? How is it???
Big ups all night.
"The truth is pain,an sweat and payin bills.Truth is dreams that don't come true and nobody prints your name in the paper till ya die."
stay focus and kick ass!
IM Black As Hell But Im Rich As Well..
i will ! what do you need help on :)
best christmas gift ever<3
nnnooooo don't do that ! Lol!
thank you. Same 2 you! :) enjoy
Awesome, plz use it brilliantly. =) RT We're hanging a brand new light rig in the venue RIGHT NOW.
Agnelli & Nelson feat. - Holding Onto Nothing (AvB Universal Religion rmx)
: The Bills have been quietly assembling a nice little roster there.
Yes, that is my earnest wish
