Omg I just want summer
*gags* Rum is for Pirates.
we dream while sleeping..we wake up not much remebred..if we dream our eyes opened. that is a vision. Visions are tangible
I really wanted to go to the softball game tonight, but getting my ankle better is more important.
Just cuz the sun is out does not mean that your boobs can come out too.
follow back?(:
“: Sometimes a brother just wanna come home to a hot meal and a massage not cooked by me or mr rubbing my knee” I heard that
Toot It Nd Boot It
Q1 From my experience, I add "he won't play with me." - These 3 things are the best interpersonal relationship advice. 2/2
Can honestly say I haven't been this bored in quite a while
On the #Mariners, the umpires show pity.
alright. did you get my text the other day?
Everyone who wills can hear the inner voice. It is within everyone. -Mohandas Gandhi
have u ever been to a UT/Vandy game in Nashville? More UT fans than Vandy fans. Nash may b home to VU, but its a UT town.
you mean UO
We have a video up. Check out DC's megamercial remixed with our song So Long. W.YouTube.com/attempttofail
Ain't nobody live tonight
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself
Perfect Sunday MT : In bed listening to ashlee simpson's 'pieces of me' & west elm online shopping. Is this Coachella or heaven?
Thx! Please sign the petition at bit.ly/freemikesmith RT For any bloggers who write on injustice, politics, race, check out
Our are implementing #vizioncore vRanger, vOptimizer, and vFoglight for a customer this week.
Received standing ovation 4 speech 2 women biz owners in New Jersey last night. "Create a brand that represents what you want 2 be known 4".
I would put Ray Rice, Lesean McCoy and Peterson above Forte. But he's definitely a top 5 runner.
Persimmons. I mean - seriously?
Haha aggies suck they didn't even get into the sec
What did u get in your stocking?
O Perfect Graduation Dress, where art thou?
whats your favorite movie? :)
The new world standard in DJ, club, band, concert lighting.
consistently not a fan of New Belgian beers...
would have taken a sweet pic of a ham and gouda croissant but gobbled it up instead
great voice tho
Anything. Text me with how you get on.
William Jr. Wrigley~ When two men in business always agree one of them is unnecessary.
I'm not sure which is worse, that Rick Perry cant remember which fed agencies he wants to cut or that he wants to cut them at all
We need more black movies like that...
they have those at the golf course!! hahaha
Not yet. Self-made Myth looks interesting. does great work. Write a review for us?
me 2! Lol I triped on the stairs and it dropped on the tile:/
YOOOOOO!!!! That was quite funny!
Dont ask me to fix yo problems I got problems of my own too
try a wheat bagel, with salmon cream cheese.
3 factors to be common law married in TX: 1. live together, 2. an agreement to be married, 3. telling others you are H and W
almost thought of posting my resume..but some1 at work talked me out of it...another said we make a difference not many places that's trueat
My moms a military wife. Strongest woman I know. Kept us together while daddy was gone. She cried when she heard #TurnToYou <3
I'll be in Yiwu and Guangzhou next week what sources are you looking for?
Niggas wear me thin ....should have told the bitch to take my hat off lol shit still funny
thanks for the RT! You drinking Shakeology?
Why y u no text me?!
In the market for new cooking knives - what are people's experiences with global? Fave brands? Would love feedback, cooking friends!
but, oh man, he's probably getting so much pussy now.
So love my friends. :)
Thanks for steering the bus
BIG WELCOME to our two new interns, & Beth Mattix - both seniors. Great to have you on board for the semester!
Sorry folks, the website is temporarily down and will be back up shortly.
VOODOO -- HARRAH'S CASINO -- SAT. JULY 24TH -- TIME TO GET IT IN!!!
RT for a S/O!!!! (Must follow me first)
Bring the packers hawkster back
RT : A4 Many people and many that are on this chat:
where you at?
It's never too early to start thinking about #happyhour on Friday! HAPPY HOUR 6 pack: 6 Jumbos for the price of 5, all day!
Yuck! No! I hated Twilight. Do you really think I'd steer you wrong when it comes to books?!
Limits exist only in the mind
i was going to say the thing i always assume calf pain is, but that's a bad idea
happy birthday!!
Hitch a free ride to Lollapalooza, on the Ray Ban Trolleys Outside the Armitage, Belmont & Damen El lines all weekend! Music and giveaways!
you're a fag and so is your man
We're so excited that today is finally here! 9 new homes in E. B'more will be celebrated at Patterson Park @ 12. We'd love to see you there!
Wish that didnt throw an error
Good job Lincecum! Lets go Mota...finish this up!
White boys rapping; The American experience.
I give the Target Field meatball my FULL endorsement.
So all of that excitement and we barely got an inch of snow, which is mostly melted. Go figure! Have a great weekend!
OMFG!!!! If this bitch performs Fashion of His Love at MY BTWBall I will FUCKING DIE!!!
If Phil Jackson Wants To Come To The #Knicks He Will Be Here The Knicks Not Turning Dat Down- For Mike Woodson- Dolan & Grunwald Not Stupid
Apparently it's the Milwaukee Recycling Plant :/
good to hear! ": TIM &ERIC'S BILLION DOLLAR MOVIE punctures right laugh chords. If you've seen the show, you'll love. #Sundance"
A cool guy like you should not be sitting at home watching stupid TV shows anyway.
Excited to Demo zipongo at #futuremed today! Who else is going to be there?
GOOD MORNING YALL
I officially pronounce today to be "awesome weather day"!
Just picked out new wall colors for a client in Phoenix which will go perfectly w/the new MP original paintings!
good meeting you brother!
Hey Billy! We need to talk!! Got lots of big things goin on!! Take care!
How was i suppose to know a nigga that makes gogo. Shit aint mainstream. -_- let that man rest.
": hi guys"what do ya think about the CELTICS win? BOSTON!!!
#Deion #Sanders among HOF semifinalists and including 25 others
When a person develops attachment to another or an object he is bound to go through pain and suffering... It is the law of nature.
come on justin pls follow me
Good Afternoon Luv :)
I bet, so the next time you find your way uptown I want to try it so I'm putting in a request from now...LOL
How could you talk about somebody so bad, but then smile in they face& be choppin it up like nothing was said ... I just don't understand...
Julian Barnes wins Britain's top literary prize, the Man Booker, for "The Sense of an Ending."
thanks for the retweet, TJ!!! Have a great weekend. Kevin
Gum Gross Fest.
marry Christmas baby girl
Matt Simms (son of Phil) in #Jets camp on tryout, said "it's a little strange" for a lot of his friends "since it is the Jets."
sat next to your boys from Albq on the plane to Miami! Small world!
Green with envy.
MD vs Hopkins lax tonight at JHU. 108th mtg! Combined rosters boast 21 MIAA players, 31 local kids overall. Best rivalry in college lax!
And it has been the pitchers that have been the sourse of the issues with the #RedSox they should just shut up and pitch.
oh yea that's been gone a long time!
Lakers..looking at a Loss...more time for us to rest..
yes! Will you be there? Let's meet up! And thanks for the RT
What is not perfect about you. Is what makes you perfect. If that makes sense.
The picture is blurry to keep all the ninja secrets a secret!
"Phantira" as a girls name. I kid you not, guys. Real person.
I know right??!! I fuckin loved it so much :)
Pound for pound, , you're the king.
Do you have to move out for the remainder of the sprinkler work? I hate moving.
yea you right...I like it
Bro You sound good I like the beats just keeping sing
We agree! RT I think the need to have monthly parties. Or at least Halloween and Christmas and New Years.
Vegetarian Lover's Delight: Grilled Veggie burger wrap w/ pepperjack, lettuce, tomato, black olives & salsa mayo w/ side of pasta/potato
RT if you remember Myspace. OLD AF!
Also received my copy of #Anna, an award winning short I was Scripty on last summer, earlier today.
12 tweets in the past 20 minutes, hollaaaa. lololol, please don't hate me.
haha thanks to & I youu knew what it was :P
Pretty sure I've been there. I wasn't alone, but an experience I'd like to forget as well.
Lol Know He Still Ah Lil Boy Wiff Ah Lil Mind Who Aint Grown Yet Before Ya Fall In Love Getcha Dicc In Checc!
nah we made it to the crib by then
Lunch w Do ur ears a favor and come out to Jives tonight at 7 in Old Co city. and I
- yes, ma'am! We always mention the good tweets at 6:50. So, if you're ever feeling clever. be clever early :-)
Want success? Think of exactly where you want to be in a couple years & figure out how to do each step in reverse!
woah don't get loud with Americans we are the loudest people in the world! #what tweet?
Follow my real account please and thank you
We are holding 2012-13 Student Officer elections this Sunday night after service! Please prayerfully consider joining our team!
are you coming?
of course!
IKR it has been a lil min...
that is kinda true. A good amount of people freaked out today. Then they tried to hug me. I don't like hugs when I'm crying.
and tweeting....
Listening to greatest xylophone solo in a pop song: Moonlight Feels Right by Starbuck ('76) coincidentally while drinking Starbuck's coffee
My Baby sister calls Me Manta! :D
Just explained to a client - #Foursquare = The New Brand Loyalty Cards. Do you agree?
. ' FB tells us it's your birthday...HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
thank you for the follow :)
It is indeed. RT : Apple boys and girls. Enough already with the cutesy security questions. It's just such a drag.
Asked Husb if he wanted anything special for his b-day. He said, yes, a nap! Ah, how the priorities change.
For a fun night of theater check out this show I saw last night. Very fun and done very well!!! Check tweet below. It's called "Romance".
True. But I kinda like the idea that Power = Power. heh.
me too
I love you alex. Polease rt or follow me!
(Oak Creek) Bad crash NB 94 @ Puetz. with entrapment. Flight for Life needed
Let me know if you still want to meet me after you read it. ;)
when did juice/carrots become poison?
When I'm at home I always wear my glasses.
On the last day of school shit finna be popping *gets my popcorn ready*
Tweeting from my desk--I'd just come in from that lovely drive :D
LOL. OK, you can do SO much better than Rev. Eddie Long :)
Movie was hillarious with Kylee.!! Can't wait to do it again!
Only a handful of tixs left 4 #CD101 Day Side B this Sat. @ The LC! Stop by the self serve kiosk out front of The LC & grab your $5 ticket!
That money make a nigga can't go in the house now....too busy ridin oldschool wit the top down!!
You'll do great! Just enjoy it! Looks like perfect weather for the race.
Shopping day...empty wallet :(
Love the idea of a - reward businesses that do good. *Don't* like slogan dissing boycotts - they lead to real, needed change.
can you all help us get to 600 followers? -briana
Why am I only ever motivated to work after business hours?
If only #Assange leaked some more diplomatic cables, we'd know if his #extradition was a U.S. hit job.
it's a sacred 2 day ritual you see. I'm probably pretty offended that you mock my beliefs.
#FeminismLIS re:listing feminist presentations-scattered not always updated enough- a good idea build n sustain LIS
my background makes me happy.
Princess Wish :a movie to watch
A network's love of the Left is a given, but fans don't tune into Sports Broadcasts for Political Commentary! Time 4 sponsors to reconsider.
#webwise who owns the facebook/twitterscape surrounding the recent events in Egypt. Who will preserve it? How will we access it?
Morning without coffee is like _______________.
": Spoil your lady on two occasions: 1. When it's her birthday 2. When it's not."
amazing win that was a great sub. Awesome fight
Never getting invited anywhere from people who were your bestfriends a month ago <<<<<
Did you know that the warranty we issue with all transmission rebuilds or overhauls are 3yrs or 50k miles and are covered nationwide.
WADE WOULD OF NEVER DONE THAT TO PAT RILEY.
I think too much
It's hard to watch angels go to bed with wings, and in the morning it's ash.
Just returned from jazz at Bliss Bar (Noe Valley) San Francisco. Great on Sunday afternoons. Cocktails, conversation, and music.
Definitions make me LAUGH!! XD
His name was Robert.
I'm sexy and I know it
We believe that Chicago is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
back it again, man we don't ever slow down
They bet not mistreat nick!
I'd love to! I'm not sure if I'd be allowed to though, I'll have to ask some people. Can I have more details? :)
Green Lantern has just named Andre 3000 as one of his top emcees. co-signs that
thanks to the Geek Squad who just informed me that my "motherboard" needs replacement & I should just buy a new computer...oh,okay. no prob!
love it, and agree with the points!
NO INCOME VERIFICATION LOANS ARE NOW AVAILABLE FOR MANHATTAN, BROOKLYN, BRONX & QUEENS
Wow what a fuckface Seth is. No fan of Ashley but what exactly does Seth do except be a dick to everyone?
the one off I-10. I didn't know there was one over there. I'm totally going to go, then go shop cause that's my favorite mall!
#21CRadio A3 I rarely get music news from print media (though I do use their websites) or TV now. Often used these a few yrs ago.
I couldn't hang with Debbie Gibson.
- heck, Bachman has me flustered. She should be Secretary of Cinemax...
78F in Minneapolis. Tomorrow it is predicted to reach 67F! Love it.
Merry Christmas!
K so think someone might have hacked our computer now. Urg. Getting aggravated with life. Laptop not working right right now.
Reading my Twitter is like reading my diary...if I had a diary...but I don't have a diary because I have my Twitter.
so cool! I bet could tell you lots about that time/place
hahahaha yea and when he went all the way into the middle of the intersction waiting for the light to turn green and he (c.)
that's no nice. I'm much more talented, like Soo Young
Tired of worrying about all this drama, lets just live life and have a good time. <3
To my producers. Check out - camera's up next month
Getting a chicken sandwich from Wendys is not a
My ambition can take me far so can god
Jamin in the uhaul on the way to Jax hahaha god this is great
Today in Literary History: On March 12, 1922 Jack Kerouac (novelist and Beat Poet known for ON THE ROAD) was born in Massachusetts.
Congratulations on getting a job! Can't wait for you to move to KC!
disturbing start to the volleyball season-interlopers in my regular seat. Such impertinence will NOT be tolerated!
Ima get momma juice a big ass gift basket from yankee candle!
They were the worst before the trade, they'll be the worst long after the trade. No personal offense. Speaking generally.
Increasingly, companies are using an MBA to qualify employees when considering them for advancement.
Great overview by of systematic biases in literary & historical data used in Network Analysis.
So excited for #FiveYearEngagement The movie, not to be engaged for five years. That would suck.
U look so much better when u smile oh oh oh oh
"On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe" won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for the 1946 film, The... fb.me/13Hok5HiY
dont feel like being at broughton at this timee .
IDK what's my jam more classical or rock
We're serving brunch today until 3. Full espresso bar and 2-4-1 mimosas and bloodies!
I did #followback :) Talk soon!!
Gym time then crew game
God is Great! Hip Hop isn't dead it just needs more of the Savior in it!
spent the day @ the zoo and now i wanna get down and dirty like an animal! wanna make me your bitch in heat, baby? cum get a taste of this.
it is a magazine that I work for
have you seen the call me maybe meme with Dory in it? I cried it was so fucking funny.
tell him "hi" for me ^TR “: I get to interview 's Senior Archivist on Wednesday. Fun!”
ha! rt I haven't felt this confident about a design since I threw out the last design I was this confident about.
Dam new co worker at swapmeet is fine af!!! Too bad im leaving next week! :/
Time for a nap cause I feel like caca.
i got a new dog and she's a Boston terrier!(; lol
we took votes today at Frantic practice about how many tweets you have. You were double all of our answers. Just sayin...
Da movie Brooklyn's Finest is off the chain
k I will
Proverbs 15:28 The heart of the godly thinks carefully before speaking; the mouth of the wicked overflows with evil words.
Actually, I'd feel really guilty frying liver when my sweetie is gone. He loves livers too, and I make them when he's been a very good boy.
#AskTVDr FDA can put out health advisory or a recall. Some stores will promote their own voluntary recall based on advisory
Today I saw a ten year old ordering a double caramel macchiato at Starbucks with her credit card. MLINY.
I got that REMY in my cup
Look at Mr. Fancy Spaceman with his 18-jigawatt graphic design smartness. Let's settle this: Atari 2600 Pole Position showdown.
The next time you think you're worthless, I hope you know that you're the reason to somebody's smile.
The cost of living is going way up while wages for average Americans are going down, staying stagnated or disappearing all together ..
can't believe that it's the year 2012 and I still have to bend down to pick stuff up
Savings So Good, They'll Knock Your Socks Off! 75% off Sweaters ! Pre- #BlackFriday Deals!!
No way girl! my sister birthday was the 12th! ah & I might manage one of my main pools so you might not see me this summer:(
Sunday's Temescal Street Fair postponed until July 10th
Tired, but excited for Wednesday, the elections will be over and no more #annoying advertisements and signs.
On the fence. Between the newborn & some real work travel I'm picking my spots. Will let u know if I do. Good luck w/ activation.
Fuck making new close girlfriends,I'm sticking with my mains.
two moons
Shout out to all the DEDICATED teachers out there! If no one else sees you, I see you!
RT : Happy National Cupcake Day!
That's good:) It's been boring at times, but pretty good! So what're you up to?
no don't do it lol
Make it happen!! :D RT : Monicals sounds so good right about now
Great day for greatness
too much coffee. feeling so a.d.d
haha seriously, it's so pretty!! :)
I just got my first really random notification from #banjoapp that I was in the same airport as a friend from Texas!
U shld read my wkly updates MT : Crap! Missed the San Jose start of the Tour of Ca this morning.
Jey whale, you turn 20 tomorrow! :D HAPPY BURFFDAY!
Omw home now
We seriously couldn't have better neighbors than ! Great soup and sammies. Well, and coffee too
thanks, jon! i'm just peeking out of the seed right about now...
it is really quite ridiculous that AdWords doesn't let you change your timezone *ever* once set. I've been in US 5 years but stuck on UTC+8
Henry Gates is a racist black male. So is Obama. Figures they are friends. What is Rev Wright's stand on the issue?
It's just 3 days... It's just 3 days...
Best of luck to all those starting finals this week!
Opening Night: Flora in Fashion Jan 20 at 5:30pm Gladys Keller Snowden Gallery - Geraldine Schottenstein Wing in Campbell Hall
I'm kind of tired
Sign up for BBJ's new and FREE business-to-business directory of Balt-area companies. You can rate and review cos., too.
First impression, is the last impression...nothing you can do to change it....
I like your style! RT Ok, let's wrap this Oscar acceptance speech up and get down to preparing for #wvu football.
lol Roc u got some nasty fans
I ran into my Zumba instructor when I was at Swallow Cliff. :) haha
So far this season the #Phils have been shutout 3 times, the #SFGiants have pitched 3 shutouts & the A's have 3 of each.
I'm the john MConner of this rap game. tell these cybernet, algorithm, autotune, flow chart flowers to protect their circuits!!!
and - Thanks for the RT
Alternative Cinema has acquired worldwide distribution rights for SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST! Look for the DVD sometime in the winter.
AAAHHHH cant wait to hear the big announcement from
Can't wait! See you tomorrow!
The Leadership Games are now being held on Friday, April 13th, 2012. Informational meetings will be held all week next week Akers @ 7p.m.
ARE YOU GOING TO BE AROUND ATL TODAY? I REALLY WANT TO MEET YOU MAN<21 I LOVE YA(;
I never thought that i would see the day were i actually WANT to go back to school.....
That should go directly into 4th grade history books.
yer he pulled a muscle when threw up in his mouth! Xx
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I wonder if anyone has any gum
sounds like some awefully strong hot coffee... caution, may cause burns or scalding
only main reason im not a huge drake fan is, his voice is irritating, and he thinks he's already a legend.
you look beautiful !!
So great to meet you Angie! See you again very soon! :)
RT : Cant wait to share a table w/blood sister again! RT Get excited about USC's Shelf Life 2!...
19 miles south. Completely destroyed Henryville Schools. Unreal.
The hitlist just got bigger
oh, some real shit about to go down here, ya'll! LLN(;
You're at Loex? My colleague and instructional partner Nicole Branch is there too. I don't know if you'll meet, but she's great.
Q: What do you call a male quartet? A: Three men and a tenor.
yep should have by tonight
Yep, I definitely agree. I just need to figure out what card to pick for my perks. Decisions...
Best of luck to your upcoming adventures in Brooklyn. #Cville and will miss you.
shame on them 👀
dhFIT & dhCARES have a new website! Check it out www.dhFIT.com
doing homework.. hope I finish quick.. I feel like going to go jog
hahah...almost that exact same line was said in the Friends I was watching last night.
Not looking forward to coming back to Michigan tomorrow... :/
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys👗
I am testing out my new phone! Tomorrow is the first day of the mouse genetics conference and I will be there!
Hey Louis. Im not gonna fangirl & be like ohemgee follow me. I just wanted to say your a inspiration to many & We all know that
I lost all respect for you.
Product owners are necessary when you want off the shelf developers to make mediocre software
hi there! Did you get in touch with my partner Jennifer about the wines you will be presenting at Tasting the Town on 9/23?
Jamie I know u will love our great Memphis sound.
Excited for our friends - their LibraryAware product looks great!
Thanks for the retweets
#EADrevision thread enjoyable, and, very timely, as this morning I am listening to our 2010 interview with Daniel Pitti!
Kelsey Davis on news is cute. Is she single? LOL
Oh, and now some deborah tannen. how surprising.
Excited there is a Christmas tree in the center of the fountain in #columbia heights
LibertarianDay thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Save the date! - "PHAME is a Cabaret!" takes the stage Thurs, Aug 16, 7 pm at Artists Repertory Theatre in Portland!!
that is a great statement! ;-)
I always think people are cool until they call me "boss".
I think only uses SMASHphones
That moment when Is online & following people back & you just sit there like 'when will he notice me O_o'
Who's ready to party?
my apartment always smells like weed when I come home
my aunts childhood stories >>> lmfao
thanks dude!
i wonder if Mike wants to slit his wrists. Welcome to the 'Skew on Sunday Coach Evans
I tried to update my iPhone to IOS 5, there was an error, now I have a brick that looks like a iPhone.
I hate when i accidentally click on the ads while I'm on twitter
Congratulations to our very own Dr. Owens for completing his first triathlon last weekend!
I was wondering when Smith was gonna steal one, well! Smith stole one...
“: Brandon Inge clears waivers at 2 p.m. #Athletics front-runner to sign him, according to a source. #Tigers”
Lls his VOICE though have you heard the sex ain't better than love remix by him ?!
Happy easter everybody :)
he wants to see who is taller duuhhh
if you want a guy to take you seriously, stop posting pictures of yourself in skimpy skimpy clothes.
thanks for the props
Missed you at 4Cs. Will you be in Lubbock in May? Congrats on the MA!
Still feeling GREAT about that #Celtics win!!!
thanks brother. Still lots of work to be done. I'm currently gutting and redoing the aft cabin. I'll post pics soon.
Just passed a bike/car accident on Culver & University (my bike commuting path). Too many of these in
i love Jacob Taylor(:
Thanks Matt. Heard talk about it, but didn't hear any end result on #MissionValley development.
They should cut Sessions' defensive efforts into "Men at Work" to punch it up a bit.
I'm not even a redhead! But this brunette HAS run on lunch before. ;-)
Thanks for asking to see our work. I have plenty to show. I can provide links, you-send-it files, or personally visit,. JC
Things you could conclude from my job: 1. I like to fight. 2. I occasionally like standing in front of moving trains.
Thank you! I had a great deal of fun talking with Dr. Sampson.
Up to absolutely no good on an Monday evening. Hope yours is going well.
rain rain go AWAY. Can't we have an other Indian summer for a few more weeks! #wishfulthinking !
Big things happening your way this Friday. Kaitlin Klotz will be releasing her EP in Mocha Joe's. Show starts at 7pm.
Slight weapons malfunction.
by the way, we should have switched nights out at the Cell. You could've gone today, too. Yikes.
That was HARD. Thought I might puke hard.
I'm really tired of Kerry Wood...
#CatQuotes "wait if he called her dad.....o I bet his her farther"!!!!
Hope folks who used Instagram for #spottheshuttle have the original images too. Some things don't need filters to look amazing.
|#quotes It helps a ton when you learn people's names and don't butcher them when trying to pronounce them.
Have you ever made a Fuck-o-Graph of a story? Fun with Excel and meaningless stats!
There is more to Life then smoking, Drinking and Partying!!
wishing of #HollistonTV a very Happy Birthday!
Whole grains with a little healthy fat is a great breakfast combo, the carbs will fuel you and the fat will keep you feeling full longer
Louisville is NOT going to the ACC.
How can No. 11 NC State have 59.8% chance for Rd of 32 when opponent Michigan has 71.5% chance?
cool, where would you post at & how many?
in about to beat yours and Morgan's asses!
I feel for you bro...I can't believe you went from to Stephen A. and his large, idiotic ego...who'd you piss off?
PD Ice Cream is now at The Noble in Walker's Point. Great food, drinks...and dessert!
We will take double chocolate cayenne and oatmeal cherry, my mouth is already watering!
“To all the girls that think you’re fat because you’re not a size zero, you’re the beautiful one, its society who’s ugly.” — Marilyn Monroe
you were a two year old badass!
Now I have to wait, damn it
yes I'm back
ha! Good friends. And 3 big bottles from duty free, not helping.
Its a real workout lol! Hopping one behind the other? ;O
Chimienti speaking now- talking a lot about himself, how many meetings he's attended, his experience, etc.
12th floor of Coral.
Black, White, Fat, Thin, Old, Young, Disabled, Short or Tall.... Everyone Is Beautiful. #Beliebers and every girl are beuatiful :)
hit my phone we goin out
M, Smoothie time. Cuddling up to my rag doll, wrapped up in my blankets, watching Glee ;)
Its a beautiful day out today
Pozzovivo looks super relaxed.
Yes. #Weightloss usually slow as you get closer & closer to ur goal weight. #HCG RT almost @ 40 days...is it normal to slow down?
Hmm not sure. I will check.
Hey Mag! I'm performing in Fort Myers @ the Laugh In Cafe, Feb 3-4. Tell a friend. See you around the circuit!
ILF til the end. Illinois' Finest 👌
Its gonna be weird not seeing you on the show but I hope Glenn continues.
We love ya :) Hope all is beautiful with ya!!!
Powerful -Dreams are like stars...you may never touch them, but if you follow them they will lead you to your destiny.” – Lawrence Block
please brother belive me
love this! RT : There is no Social Media without women.
Dinner and evening with husband's "Duffer" friends. Much laughter. Needed after working on class syllabus all day.
yea we are!!
Thank you so much to everyone who purchased a copy of PA for their KINDLE yesterday- she debuted at #28! in her category
No Valentine, WOW!! Everyone should have severe, intense luv n their life. However, Luv is best when attracted not desired.
Codecademy's first lesson should be to not call it coding. Coding is to programming what alphabetting would be to writing.
No Point Of Fonk , But I Aint No Bitch Ill Fight A Nigga !
you have to learn how to interpret it. If you take it literally you'll have problems
I thank you for that wonderful spam. x
see, it all paid off in the end! ;) damn, you have some pretty hard-goer mahomies ;)
Good luck with that! LoL :)
really? with Seth and Amy
#watching #decoded and #hoping Brad n his #compadres dont get in #trouble with the
Searching the house for lottery tcikets I bought at the Circle-K while I was in a fugue state.
Can You Tell Me Why Do I Love You So Much?!'
ha! loved the reply you got from "there are other Nike devices..." yeah, wear a Sportband/GPS AND FuelBand together
follow me back.
How can one promote cosmopolitanism and universality while honoring particularity and distinct traditions?
I want to go Camel racing!
i honestly thought you were mad at me:/
Hey Tameka! Hope all is well! How've you been?
need to work out how to retweet faster then two months later then original tweet
I hope you are catching all the great action today !!!
I know. Isn't it annoying when you have to download one on your phone?
Hi Brian! If your still looking for work...u can go to minorityjobs.net to make a FREE resume and use the job board. Best to u!
#Michone just appeared on
My car currently will not park itself
Summer where are you?!? Your so close but yet so far away.
HKS Students: Help us live-tweet a practical, useful seminar with in 15 mins! Learn to use digital skills for gov't jobs
did it this morning (and dragged my mom along)!! can't... move... RT: #cardiobarre is about to commene@
Working on doing flowers for my meditation group, we're doing an event is San Diego in Dec and doing the flowers for the event.
He should offer that job 2 the hottest girl in show business! U :)
Tommorrow will be my first mothers day.! :)
Happy Birthday To Me Dawg :D .
Awh, sorry :( Give it a few minutes and prices will likely come down a bit!
I love and miss you so much please twitter soon Emma!
Loving Life!
Hey Columbus weekend assignment editors: Tomorrow's wet kickoff to spring kickball will be a great photo opp! DM me for deets!
#FF some of our #Cville friends & clients:
Haha, it's okay, I laughed a little too
I saw them at World Market (Cost Plus) too :)
I have mad hair cutting skills
Question to all at the Finals... What will you do After this win?
Si señor. Just finished moving in
Ok just making sure!
yea Jus need sum popcorn
For a second I thought you were #livetweeting choir!
I REALLY need to clean the screen of my MacBook Air. Does anyone have a good suggestion on what type of cleaner/cloth/wipes to buy?
Amateur drag show tmrw at 8pm; see our staff in a new light...The spotlight! $5 donation gets you in to see the magic our pros worked on us.
Drifting in Gran Turismo 5 has made me all of a sudden smell tire smoke from Irwindale... Back to studying for my exam D:
By the looks of these commercials, they are targeting REALLY old people, like way too old to be babysitting.
Everyone has to hate lol
We customize everything
U always have a choice. "Blow me or ill shoot you in the head" 2 terrible choices yes but you still have 1. Own up to your decisions people.
Heaviest "one inch" of snow I've shoveled in a while. :)
Does anyone remember how fat k love used to be?
“: LUCKY LUCKY, I'm in school:(
Besides the killin show ya'll know who made my night
Received a great response during this mornings canvass!!! The momentum is building; keep up the work guys!!!
yes please!
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet
Watch out London. I will be there in 6 days!
": I want my 2 dollars" CLASSIC!
cause YOUR BITCH ASS AINT READY FOR IT! and because i didnt get no foams :(
he said that he liked her?
Kitchen Remodel | Free vintage online
Sadly there are people and corporations that profit from convictions, fair or unfair! Keep up the good fight.
« Don't let the weekend be an excuse for unproductivity get that work!»
wish It was still last weekend so I could meet & again :D,had so much fun!
My white friend asked me if it's cool if he says the word 'nigger'. I said, "again?"
Don't retweet me unless you want me to get mad!
I just wrote a 3 page paper on a concert. Heck.yes.
Today should be a easy day, not gone do shit in most of my classes .
Can Sex be Holy? Find out this Sunday at Church.
needs me to help her with homework, and it's a word search... HOW THA FUK YOU EXPECT ME TO HELP WITH A WORD SEARCH OVER PHONE???
Lawyer I work for has me transporting UK/UofL tix. Considering craigslist instead ;-)
Interesting: paragraphs that seemed so final, complete, and necessary a few days ago now seem totally superfluous.
so I am guessing you aren't getting my happy birthday by Disney princesses email then...
This Day in History 1968: Dr. King is assassinated.
When did mystical sign wit CASH MONEY??
When u look at your kids do you light up? I do every time.
Wish you could have been there too! Definitely have to get together and play poker. Next yr, '87 team reunion. Can't wait.
Bet you can't wait to see what I'm wearing at the unveiling
Yaaayy! Big Ups to the next Soul Cutz Vol. 2., It WILL be BLAZIN!!!
Ol' Ernie rubbed off on me, I guess. As long as he looked like Corey Stoll…
Meeting with the great on hospitality legislation tomorrow? That'll do :)
hm I don't wanna get rapes but yolo
Still stoked seeing you guys at warped!
Nothing like getting home from teaching 2 classes to realize that you still have your own workout to complete...Oh work your magic
I hate the rain! Makes the roaches come. The one this morning wouldn't die!!! 😱 Now I gotta spray the house. And I'm paranoid.
Actually, I LOVE where I work. It's not truly "boring," I just have so much I want to do, too: teach/write poetry, teach kid yoga..
Can't stop watching Modern Family! Awesome show.
Theme song to Poppy Cat on Sprout stuck in my head.
Never mind
Former Padre, Aaron Harrang pitching today for the #Dodgers at 1:05 PM
31lbs......this fish finished 2nd place at the catfish tournament.....I didn't fish the tournament but its well worth it to go
All We Needed Was Some Good Friends & A Song To Sing Along.
I’ll let you know …
i pray that the hand of oaur jesus crist n his blood protect u n ur familia always u have today sanchez so u now theirs a way
OMG! Just saw the new Globe Shoes ad in Transworld Skateboarding featuring David Gonzalez and *fans*. #jawdrop You have to see to believe.
Opened for 15k with JJ guy ships all ini tank fold he shows QQ.
Congrats to my best friend for making color guard! If you hit me with a flag, I will personally kill you! Love you chic ...
I can't speak for , but I certainly appreciate your thoughtfulness.
Yay another thing to explain when i take my shirt off
We are too! RT : Excited that I was able to convince to share insights re: AF New Media Guide
wanted to see #21JumpStreet at #SXSW but our film premiered next door at same time! Will catch in theaters!
Boom! Yates to Andre! TD #Texans!
you're welcome :) lol tht featured my friend
Crunch time
i cant believe i just hit 400followers :o i know its not much, but for me... its enough<3
Woot! You're my first commenter! I also replied to your comment. RT : Read and replied. :)
damn that sucks but yeah they stepped up nd bron bron showed why he is the M.V.P.
Yeah! It's not a classic but it lends a jauntiness to the packing process. That's a win.
not helping them play defense.
LMAO....she will
thanks Frankie! let us know what you think once you've given a try.
:( my bf is crying again!
Streaming Christmas Music:) Come take a listen at solopiano.com!
when I see you in the hall i'll just walk past you with my head down so I won't see your eyes, 'cause you can't hurt me anymore.
That was very nice of you, thanks
hi gorgeous, i know i miss you.<3
oh so YOUR one of those grudge holders from last year lol its aiyt bro. I understand 😂
Undocumented immigrant offers scathing review CEO's education does the best cheap tequilas for plotting
"Hi" "Very HIGH" "Hi" "VERY HIGH" "Hi" "Very HIGH" "Hi" "VERY HIGH" kinda reminds me of
LMFAO I gotta charge my phone, its dead you know the usual
Is it just me or do you sometimes look at peoples pictures and just want to hit them with your fist or your car or your mom? Just me?
Before you open your mouth, make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.
So much for john elway being sold on tebow as the quarterback of the future.
MTG EVENTS THE BEST IN ARTIST SERVICES.FOLLOW US
pshhh why not?? Y.O.L.O
H20 - Just Add Water in a few minutes on Teen Nick! x Luv it! ;D
Thanks! Welcome to the world. Happy on sale date to 's Occupy Nation and 's Jackie After O.
99% : So... what are the chances that The Dark Knight Rises opens above The Avengers?
wilson's most famous for hot tamales since 1968
Very cool!
It's Customer Appreciation Week! The first ten people to tweet #iheartHEIN and be followers of HeinOnline will win a $10 Amazon Giftcard!
I'm in bed and Goku's farting.
i'm going to die.
There is a random shoe in the middle of the freeway.
Today, I'll be auditioning for the role of Mitch and my forehead pimple will be reading for the role of Pimple.
My Father encourages!
Friday July 8th - Join us for our official Grand Opening Party! Appetizers, Live Music, and Give-Aways - Party starts at 6pm!
LOL and yeah it will be interesting to see how they move on with him. Heat's Bench really didn't score tonight
It aint over yet. Keep it up sixers!!
Check out ACE and get your tickets Jay and silent bob, Stan Lee and more snoochie boochies
you are the chicago bible to all that is Chicago!
na there no good trust me and if you have to get an Ultrasound not good at all to have a deep belly button
Murph!!!! That wasn't supposed to be a strikeout!
Hear our interview live and a few tracks at www.fearlessradio.com with Big Shelly tonight at 9PM.
Eyes that dont cry Lips that dont lie Love that wont die Where you at?
I LOVE the cincinnati library system. I miss it so much, was the best part of growing up in sw ohio.
ru kidding me
where are you typing and sending all that?
Thanks Uncle Tom.
I have no clue how I'm getting my hair
I should probs look at it. LOL.
If I could blow things up, this world would be a better place.
Sipping my wine, bidding my time...
#MeFact if you hate The Boys, I wouldn't care but when you say something over the top, that's when you're screwed-Kelly
Did red bull change something? I never feel the effects any more... And I don't even drink them that often!
Making pizza for the experimental film fest tonight!
Jan 26,2012: Milwaukee Panthers Men's Basketball vs. Butler Bulldogs Mens Basketball: 7:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
Want to connect with other women and inspire futures? Join the Apply for 2012-13!
Where can we follow the election results?
my inner Beavis (or Butt-Head) headbanging to Mike Monteiro's intro
Mention Twitter during March to receive $5 off a car wash!
BAMM!! just lost monopoly and the bet!! Now he has to walk around downtown Los Angeles dressed in full on drag!! Muahaha
Perfect night for the biergarten at the Rathskellar!
Valverde makes it interesting in the ninth- AGAIN!
About to go on my 3rd shoot today. I'll treat myself to a meal off complex afterwards :)
MT #treas2012 Michener: data mgmnt is the new "statistics"- not part of discipline per se, but necessary in era of "Big Data"
Adam sandler is the funniest fuckin mann ever
Maybe I'll have another mummies-kind-of morning. You get those at Smithsonian.
RIP, Maurice Sendak
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 20
Thanks for the RT..more details next week :)
Sunny and nice today - Feel like spring is here!
yo cigarettes is so nasty like ugh how do you smoke them shyts
I could listen to adam levines voice all day
3 day weekend!!! Cue: The Power Station - Get it On (Bang A Gong)
I dare you to carry one afterall I did ! ;D
Tweeting with (new) old friends. Hey John, good to get connected. Hope all is well. we should do that lunch we have been talking about soon.
You're bugging the crap out of me with your pandora ads. I'm never buying it.
Mom's got a twitter . Oh snapss . (:
Haha, glad you got it. I was sure it was gonna fall flat.
- This Boy In This Class Look at DirtBike "
Haha, I just meant the name of the movie is Julie and Julia, hence, it should be Sydney and Julia...
drinking that ice coffee probably wasnt a good idea
ha I'm just telling the truth anyone who has studies economics knws the president really can't do anything
#Prosperitas - Latin word meaning success. How would you define your personal #success? For me it's the rich feeling of
First hot day precinct walk in midtown. Thank goodness there are trees. And nice people to chat with.
You're freaking WEIRD
Exciting week coming up with the MidPoint Music Fest, Bunbury Music fest and 3CDC ! Great year so far and only getting better!
Finally home, got to love those 14 hour days! Going to try to do some laundry before sleeping
Don't let this cold weather hold u down. Warmth is just around the corner. Get a head start on summer and get motivated!! Don't wait!
glad I missed seeing that. unclassiness
Fun time last night! Gym 2day and Work 2night!
Nice. Complete with FRESH POTS!
Two Minneapolis City Council votes in support of #Vikings stadium may be not be as sure as once thought. Jay Kolls on why on KSTP at 10.
the weather in hawaii is perfect, says He cant tweet n drive lol
yo bitch kno she doin dick we call that hoe Double D'
Miller yes Blake no RT Wish those two (Blake and Miller) were back in Portland. They play good.
Omg these love bugs in gville!!!
My netflix isn't working,
Awesome! (Perhaps the scbua show can be performed at that new underwater hotel ;) )
Class of 2012 - enter the world with "the courage to live a life of fabulous originality" - Mary Ann Zollmann, Commencement Address
Good evening. Hows the night, my queen?
15.2 miles to start the day for #BikeToWorkWeek Milwaukee!
best part of being a dancer though, guys get turned on that your flexible.(; cheerleaders arent as flexible. #only dancers
Thank you for the follow back! Happy hump day!
why the sad face????
I love u to much -copy paste
lmfao teamlebron lol when before the playoff u was team magic lol now team lebron
Looks like I will be headlining the Marquis Theater on August 26th in Denver. I hope you can all come out to it!
Just took mom to an aromatherapy class and now taking her for fro yo
idk, I haven't started it yet. But I hear good things. Good things.
I've wondered that myself. Tannehill really hasn't done anything to merit the rise. Hopefully the Browns will see past it.
Ideas and theories are so fucken beyond me, I feel like its a need to express them.
he be like y my dad name me after another man who isnt related to us and dont even know us lmao
your welcome & please follow me back? (:
you're not kidding. So dreadfully dour. And L. Brooks Patterson? Cmon, the guy's been gleefully hatin' on Detroit for decades.
When people procrastinate <
yall fake self we know u not a real celeb cause you dont have that blue check mark on your profile
You're nothing but a slut.
ROFL ...thanks for the laugh. But if you know someone not as blessed as you 'weight wise', send them over! Have a great Christmas!
sure...no problem.
did they drop your tennis channel? RT : Oh and by the way, F you
RT Don't forget to RT to WIN a years worth of 'Tasty Little Numbers' 100 calorie chocolate bars. Winner picked tomorrow.
Thx for the RT. Almost done here. I hope you're coming to Renegade Craft Fair at Palmer Events Ctr. next wknd.
2 everybody dats being fake towards me rite now, fuck yaw its real...
We are living ours. Small ad agency in Dallas made up of international ad people. No investors, no parent company. LOVE.
Another racist/sexist organization. U R cowards. Sharpton might applaud U 4 taking sign down, but I deplore U 4 putting it up
Is it too early for reindeer games?
I think that's a rather narrow interpretation of human discourse.
- we've got a real barn burner going in FF. I expected Ray Lewis to play even though his team has a bye.
Tough loss for Georgia Tech today...V Tech hit a 3 at the buzzer in OT to win by 1...G Tech stays in the cellar in the talent filled ACC
You may admire a girl’s curves on the first introduction, but the second meeting shows up new angles. ~ Mae West
ah...i can't bro....i don't know if ican trust ya...lol
☆ "You may never feel happy when your friend also had a crush on your crush." ☆
incredible photo! Where was that taken?
It's really fat. She loved fat puppy's
Often there are a lot of good looking people on BART. This is not one of those times.
#culvercity inspiring interview about experimental movie with , dreaming about joined project in the
It was delicious :)
you're making me hungry phil! :P let's go girlzzz :
If you are a photographer your job is to make people care about your obsessions
Cmon giants. One more chance!
Congrats RT : is moving on to the sweet 16 of the University of Washington Business Plan Competition! Thank you #uwbpc12 !
I've had the laziest day ever. no lie. but sometimes a lazy day is needed. haha
Mom u r dumb omg.
#GoingRed with eggs, kale and bacon! #yum!
Didn't 6 months go by so, so fast? :)
10% of our respondents plan to watch Lindsay Lohan on #SNL tonight. Much higher among 18-29 y/o. No difference by gender. N=2,104
WEB NEWS: Free download: SC iPhone UI Kit (PSD)
Don't get me wrong - I think that the Gazans are brainwashed into accepting Hamas and should not choose to follow murderers
yes, you should :3
Paying your taxes.
RT Prez Clinton on 1st visit to Times Square in 64. Saw a hooker, "pretty heavy stuff for a guy from Arkansas."
Gov. Martinez would like it if Bernalillo Co. Commisioner Michael Wiener, fresh from a scandal, would leave her out of his re-election ads.
Looking forward to the weekend and seeing the Timbers take car of the Red Bulls and also the US against Jamaica
Cant think of a better way to spend Hump Day, Crazy Uncle Joe Show
ya man shoot
Very true, only 2 UK teams since 1979 have won at least 60% of their SEC games (1988 and 2006).
11am Westchester Square Fair May 12, 2012 see FarFetched perform LIVE at the 4th Annual Fair at The Square Concert Series...
Thanks for helping with the promotion
if he keeps ignoring us.....yes
Tigers on at 6! And Opening Day in a week!
i wanna buy it when is it going to be on itunes
Pope to draw massive crowds in Havana
I need some one to text me
Great meeting with and this morning to discuss strategy mixed in with a lot of laughter!
Thanks, Jesse! Bret
lol! Y r u so amazing
spending my Sunday chained to my desk writing a collection development paper on new skills for collection dev librarians
I hate it when ppl lie & you know they are not telling you the truth!!!!
i like to put my hair in a big puff ball on the side of my head
I'd give it all to you, if I could. If you'd let me. I'd love you for the rest of my days.
Thanks to everyone for all the follows! Would love to get to know all of you!!
I do the same thing. Anyone who calls their husband "hubby", immediately unsubscribed.
Big shout-out to Stoughton's Henry Klongland () who shot 5-under 67 at The Oaks to win high school golf event today Well done sir
In 2003-04, engineering graduates had the highest average starting salaries of all bachelor degree recipients.
“: The Mom next to me is teaching her kids about sex by placing french fries in different sexual positions”
Did u ever feel like u shouldn't date someone bc it would ruin a friendship with someone else, but u then thought maybe they are worth it :/
Thanks for following me. "Car singer, suduko genius" love that
Girls that dance >>>
I need to blow off some steam !!!!
RT : SHARAM () & FRIENDS at SET () in #Miami Tonight!
boston philly game: what a dumb ending
DRM for eBooks: yea or nay? If you want to tell a publisher what you think, now's your chance!
elderly folks there so I would have had to push them. I'm going back w/ my aunt just for the stage door. Haha
i am bored as hell right now0_0 jeez i wish i had somthing to do UGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yup no problem:) your really good!
Don't clean without me!!! >:(
Sure am! RT : are you single? lol
Thanks for celebrating with us this weekend! We had a great time. Hope you all did too!
The Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does. – Warren Buffett
getting a acting audition on saturday #WISHmeLUCK Hopfully i get a career!!!It would be a #MAJIORdream come #true!!!!!!luv ya all
A moderate walk for 30 minutes 3 times a week does make a difference in your physical health.
woof! And thanks! What are you up to tonight?
For sure. No time to waste!
life sucks
Have you heard of this 'Glee' show? It's.... REALLY horrible
The #badgers don't have the killer instinct
going to figure out a way to mix Harry Potter and Dr. Who for my wedding. even though I'm some years early. but it's gunna be grand!
#Creepy Bengali Taxi driver hitting on me :-/
Change stinks sometimes. But greater things are ahead.
dang. You move on fast! Lol
will do my dude!
But Boomgarden did beat Rodgers in a 3-set (all tiebreakers) non-conference match earlier in the season.
I LOVE SO MUCH!
Hey it's BK, It is Eric Clapton's birthday. I have enjoyed every phase of his career but if you had to pick one EC song, which one?
Adam Levine.... Damn.
lol yo hating ass u walking on thin ice anyway
I still feel some sort of way when I am in the Dental Office !!!
Come to our Informational Session today! 6 pm at Alfiero 102.
#FF She's one of the biggest #Madonna fans I know -- check out this Birmingham cutie! :) xo
they're the same shirt different print!!!
Good morning to my talented n loyal follower lol
In my blog, I comment on Jena McGregor's fine reminder on the traps involved in group decision making. (And her article in 11-6-11 Washingt…
Breaking Dawn soundtrack
I don't miss you because I don't interact with you. When I interact and see you in action, I want you in my life. I really screwed up.
Who else is headed to Acquisitions and Authors in tbe Digital Envirronment?
our Kickster Football goal has just hit the 44th best selling product in Amazon's Sport & Leisure department. Up 57 places in 2 days!
Dealing with Verizon and TiVo today made me realize again how terrific Apple's fully integrated products are.
Ha! I completely agree with you and about the power point presos
“Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.”
Dang, all that snow last night really piled up.
#Trattoriavalleditria in Highland Park, IL was really yummy. Hard to go w young family, however.
Starting next Thursday BOGO WINGS. Every Thursday 5-10. New unique flavors every week.
RT: offically begins today but will be running the specials all month long! Space is limited so call 2day...
Haha, I thought it was going to taste good, but I almost threw up it was so bad lol
Thanks for the #ff...We're in great company!
We're off of 'rattlesnake hammock court' unless that was a weird hallucination? There's bloody fauna everywhere here!
I miss you too! I finnally got my internet and got settled in my new home :) Hows everything?
My vacation started fourteen hours ago and I'm already bored. I fail at life.
thanks. Just got out of church. Thought he might go.
pretty much. He has to go pretty deep in Rome and Rafa has to not win the tournament for him to stay
I agree. I'm on the phone with 'em now and am writing a story on this and other facets of rad monitoring; I'll send a link
I remember your hairless pussy!!! Hahaha
New jams are coming along people. coolest stuff we've written so far! Hope all is well & if you get AP mag., find us in the December issue!
It's sometimes difficult to think clearly when you're strapped to a printing press. - Batman
LMFAOOOO THAT SKIT MADE MY LIFE!!!!!
I bought some off him
Writing a proposal for a previous organization I worked with for my English class about why they should use Twitter. :-) Love my class.
Pray you find what you are waiting for Elizabeth!
seriously or is that just an excuse??
Opening for #bank #regulatory attorney in Midtown bank. Lending background preferable. Please send resumes to .
. We appreciate the mention. Make sure to use #Nov8 and let people know about the day the #VAGOP take back the Senate
i swear if i keep writing as much as i have been, my hand is gonna forreal break. :/
Just went grocery shopping and picked up some extra food items for the challenge. I can't wait to donate!
sad thing is, I already have the game but never found time to play it.
I love my Mothers day gift from my daughter, an iPhone 4! But now it's back to entering numbers that did not sync!
Just saw Fo from last cyle's America's Next Top Model at my job. I sold her a bracelet and a water bottle...
More house hunting, can't believe how dirty people live and with open house.
Family time>>>
hey boo! how hv you been?
you guys were talking about me and I'm so twitter illiterate I didn't even know it. Thanks guys! Miss you both
meh the whole hard to get thing gets old
even after Yoli decided that being a lesbian was no longer her “scene.”
please follow me, it'll be a dream come true if you did. I love all of your songs and I love your music video
Still considering the #Steelers ? Maybe take affirmative action! Let them know you are ready!
haha I used to have to put up inflatables when I worked at the #colts...and had to wear the mascot costume for an event!
classes officially started today. LET THE PROCRASTINATING BEGIN!
Gotta love UVA's Keith Werman () 150 lbs, plays 2B and C, and leads nation w/ 10 Sacs
Omg let's go
would pay for streamage IF the matches were archived. Wimby live did that - but am blocked now.
watch it, you are going to get me in trouble with that kind of talk
That's strange. I clicked the @ thing on Twitter for iPhone and your old handle came up as an option but not the new one
This guy says "Where's the love"
Cosmic justice: guy in front of us at drive-in whose lights kept going on has to get jump start from staff.
enjoyed meeting you both! Thanks for the intro as always
Heading out to I hope the 3 month waiting list for a reservation is worth every last bite. Excited!
Andrew mccutchen is faster than most cars
8 hours later, cold brewed coffee has been strained & chilled. And it's delicious. Cafe Bustelo is strong yet smooth and not bitter. Love.
OMG...just saw my 1st grade teacher at the mall!!!
Two happy hours in two days? Gotta love how the nice weather makes everyone want to hang out again!
#ifIcouldbi would write a song with and get it produced by #Hearts check my catalog
Is it me or are modal windows (aka lightboxes) passé?
Wish #maddow would have Glenn Greenwald on more often.
Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, & I'm going to be happy in it-Julius H. 'Groucho' Marx/Comedian
We just met ! She is so sweet!
dude youll be missed get back on the air soon fuck #knr and those other worthless on air non talents except jerod though
Starting early! Way to go :)
Why is it that a trader loses 2.3Billion is labeled ROGUE. If that same broker took the same risks and made 2.3B, he'd be a hero.
have you ever ben to california??
I AM GOIN TO ENJOY LIFE IF U WANNA STRESS IT THAT'S ON YOU
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 18
That makes me cry.
New-RT It appears that the court will hear oral argument on the associational standing issues in the HathiTrust suit on Thursday.
I am obsessed with 212..I love that track..Be well AZEALIA..feelin u to the max:):)
hey Anne! Hopefully we'll meet sometime in the West Coast :)
Pretty sure I told to come to Boston!!!! Argh I'm sad now :'(
I'd love my hamstrings to stop aching from the barre workout I did on Saturday. DOMS sucks.
That's cool that you did a call for them! I sometimes wish I'm were in it, heard good things. What was it on?
kinda like popeyes but better to me. Get coupon. They a lil hi
Ohh the Nuggets just took the lead. Very cute Stern.
Happy Mother's Day! Did you know that in 1914 President Wilson signed the law creating this national holiday?
CCH Adds Estate Planning and R&D Tax Credit Treatises - Accounting Today
"RT when u do 6 things you do zero things" <-- Thank you! Made my day, possibly my life!
Picking up Kayla on Dan jones cause she ran out of gas lololol
Aren't you in charge of the cover of your magazine? Aren't you glad people care? So out with it, Greg. Twins, or no?
« OH: Hey there's a station call the Joint. 4.20FM»
They be actin' like it broha.
Actual tweet from David Lynch: "Dear Twitter Friends, I like to watch & count birds in the morning. I've made friends with a hummingbird."
Anyone else think that Ashley is the most pathetic bachelorette ever?? #stopcrying what do you think?
I love me some Elisabeth! We need to catch up, girl.
ewwww..nasty! stay away from the swine, it will ruin ur great voice :)
Cant be around that kid shit, so I stop fuckin wit these lame females and snake niggas
Well I guess I'll call it a night, hope every one has a Great Week end!! ;-))
#LastTimeIChecked real friends don't talk to someone like that who you've once had feelings for..
wed @ 7pm? L'Atelier or Joel Robuchon Restaurant?
I'm trying not to go to sleep on the #Lakers but they making it easy for me like really what's going on
I want you but I can't find the words to have a common conversation with you. Sigh.
you're lucky I have to watch what I say on Twitter lol...come see me on FB haha!
Seriously, why are all the cars today trying to hit me?
Thank you, Jess. You know what happens next ;) x
Nice Too meet you Dawn!!! ;) i'm from new york!!
I need some new texting buddies :(
haha~ it's just a signature kinda thing. Like at times it means there's more and other times it's just because I want it there.
the bangs... Fabulous!
Just got home & moms trippin already
I know! I guess we'll see how it plays out. Fingers crossed it doesn't get crapified, as we're clearly both fanatical about IG.
The top 10 in-demand jobs in the US in 2010 did not exist in 2004.
is there a plan with at least 400 mthly mins, unlim nights/wknds, unlimited msg, and a decent amount of data for <$80 in MI?
howd u sleep x
": Why's it so cold in here?"
Stoked about making a shit ton if bacon for breakfast tomorrow!
eww not kool! my butt hurts
He's cute. Young girls will love him. Nice voice but it lacked the quiet power that Maxwell has.
Thanks for your time and advice today! It was great to talk to the person who inspired us to start Fanlaunch.
AINT TO GRAVE CAN HOLD DEADLIEST CATCH DOWN
Burning yourself with a straightener<<<
is geting behind early so he can have plenty of time to catch up
Thank you for the RT. :-)
(jen) So glad my morning checkin with the PM's is not a video call - my wet hair is still wrapped in a towel!
always day drink.
Everyone should come out next weekend to #wineinthewoods-I'll be pouring @ Legend's booth on Sat morning!
is a spoiler-whore is a tease. Happy birfday coca-cola.
lol still drinking
That's awesome. Yo momma clearly knows where it's at. DA BURGH! Hope to see yinz out at the jazz soon.
Agree w/ about Pepsi vs Coke
One way to establish & maintain accountability: Whiteboard - 3 wks (cols), people (rows), post-it notes
he was much more efficient getting after the QB in SF which is what the Ravens need, so he could fit in a 3-4.
Buy your tickets online for the Vintage Reggae Winter Fest, it will be more at the event
Hahahaha, I gotcha!
if you're lucky it you get hit in the nose and it doesn't make your neck turn too much.
done done and done
hi drita your so pretty !!(:
I'm not bol but I through I was tho -_- RT : you not a thug
great morning. Getting lots of work done.
So can a brother get an update? I heard 4 rds to 2 for Floyd. True?
what are you doing nao.
And I still miss you in the night and I want you to know if he leaves you cold in the city arching for lover, honey u cn always come home
Teresita's for breakfast(:
About 3 and 4 day's a week.
Braun, Hart and Lucroy won't start vs Cubs today. It's Aoki, Morgan and Kottaris instead vs Ryan Dempster. Gallardo on mound for Crew.
In deep need of a few drinks and night out!
Happy B-Day to 1 of my favorite WWE divas LITA.... Love ya:)
nah bro, victoria justice poops all over selena gomez
hope you had a good time Saturday:-) see you Friday
Mr wright Is back :o
Hey Orlandoians! How are you liking ??? Tonights the last night so come out and play!
Just got two super cute dresses from Electric Lemonade on Charleston! Go quick before word gets out! Xoxo
Floss Inc Tonight @ The Hotel Regency!!!
RT #occupy #abq crowd now looks about 250 strong. helicopter circling above. Now 30 min past deadline
CLASSLESS. Really Ottawa?!
Our hefeweizen, South Wedge Summer Wheat is now on tap! Come in, sit on our patio, and refresh yourself with our summer seasonal!
Feeling the theraputic power of good music...have a great week a head people. Peace
True, both good points. I think the point remains that people's actions rise above labels.
Oh snap! She just brought it :)
Hey Robin, I am in Minnesota, just saw your tweet.
If you are not totally in love with life, I am here for you...
okay tami give it a rest she's obviously scared of you. Grow up & act a lady. Trashy you are.
tick tock tick tock! McBob's 50% off deal won't last forever - get over to www.crowdclick.com soon!
Lol she always got something stupid to say wit da big guys haha. (jungle fever naw)#big guys. Lol
except me
Date night :)
Thank u for the gift u give. Your music has gotten me through some tough days lately. Thank u!!
i dont know anymore ....
I can't believe Belmont ( ) lost to Duke again last night by just one point!! Gonna be another great season for the Bruins.
Even if I had a pocket full of fucks, I still wouldn't give you one.
Lots of integrated Twitter, FB and LinkedIn logins. Looks like it's become a much easier dev task over the past year.
See ya friday !!
omg. coming to end of monster project. pray for us.... it has been 2 years in the making.
What nobler employment, or more valuable to the state, than that of the man who instructs the rising generation. ~ Marcus Tullius Cicero
That awesome moment when One Direction comes on the radio when you're on the bus and everyone starts singing really loud
Add value by continually giving people free information/product. People will want and pay for more.
I HEART HOLTBY!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. - Bertolt Brecht
PickUpLine: I�m starring in a porno movie. Would you help me learn my lines?
Awesome beach day. Now getting ready for Cindo de Mayo madness
#Quote2SpinBy  Fix the problem, not the blame. — Japanese Proverb RT
Thank you to all teachers, past and present!
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in lol REAL TALK!
Sex got me into trouble from the age of fifteen: I'm hoping that by the time I'm seventy I'll straighten it out. ~Harold Robbins
Helicopters n spotlights!
Happy Birthday homie!!!!!
UA SLAT student Denise Osborne offers a very active presentation on performing arts in the L2 classroom this morning!
No. Metro Drug Task Frce says 200 plants taken from inside home where I am. Alleging some of pot was mailed out of state
You have a great site as well... and I agree, we do indeed have similar ideologies!
While we wait: Who wants to explain why every one rushes to get on the plane, as if you will get there faster than everyone else?
. so cool to follow this with you!
That's totally the look I was going for! Delish mixed with a little sass ;)
I hate Pepsi
: Good morning :))
On tipping over cliffs and Ridin tsunami waves to ur where about a, providing a sun ray in ur day:)
Hey, wanna follow me back? :)
I really need some more sleep. After a hard work out yesterday,my body didn't get enough rest as much as it needed.
- got 'em but haven't looked at them yet
I do that too!
Smooth Sound!! Like your style!!!
I miss hugs.
- You can get caught up, it's on demand now. Watch episode 1 then watch episode 2 tonight.
I'm starting #Sherzer myself. He wasn't listed because Vegas has him and Colon pretty close and my streamers are always odds-favs
sweet! gotta love that!
- remember me? Thanks for the #FF shout last week. I know, I know.
...assistant women's basketball coach @ SU, Joy Hollingsworth!
we want pistachio macaroons!!! LOVED your cookies!
No , cheap socks I can replace everyday... That's my dream.
Me too. Must be a Chicago thing... or a snow thing.
Let the Triumph of Orthodoxy continue in your life throughout this next week during this Great and Holy Fast.
Damn straight, you do.
yeah it's a shame. I don't wish her ill, but you have to wonder if she will have that attitude toward fans of her future projects.
Switching back to #americanspirits yellow pack. For my health...because they're lights. Don't judge me. I run 15 miles a week.
Ew I have work
Catching up on South Park while I fill my copper circle supply orders for Etsy! <3 my job! :)
Best tweets of the night will be on our website as the #Pacers take on the #Heat in our Game of the Night.
I will wait for the reboot.
how do they look?
55 degrees? Come on Pittsburgh! Bring on the sun!!!
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her.
Post your past shows. I miss you guys!
My new favorite group of people are from the mid west
CHRIS!!!! PLEASE! follow me?!?
My friend's gonna give me a ride!! :))
I just text you
Congrats to Jeremy Cerone, a junior at and our Executive Director, on his internship with the Council for National Policy!
Not fully prepared to say goodbye to my best friend for the summer. God speed, Andrew.
Annoying when ppl like have email lists w no unsubscribe option & staffer puts you into a voicemail when you ask 2b removed.
Pretty girls always have an a in their name
Nice meeting you all the best...
Thanks for following and Welcome.
ALEXI DELANO live at WET ULTRA LOUNGE this SATURDAY at WET 18 and over party! 915-449-2066
Big opprotunities are coming this summer! Be prepared! INDESTRUCTIBLE!
So hungry all I want is two boots pizza. Looks like I'll be hitting the gym over time today
As says, Mambo's might be an option. Been looking for one myself. Lots of impostors out there.
Oh where, Oh where can my Las Vegas Review Journal be? Phone lines jammed as customers want their Sunday paper!
Hope you had a great week in Syracuse! It was so nice to finally meet you! Save travels back home :)
Off work early now to finish this english paper..
I missed a MAJOR audition!!!! Uugghhhh
Megan eddy?!
#IdislikeItWhen I can't talk to
both. we are the 3rd seed and we do have home court
anytime you want to fish for compliments, feel free
Thanks for the RT- can't imagine how I'd react in that room!
I’ll be at Art Vs. Craft Saturday with all sorts of cards, prints and other stuff, so if you happen to be in Milwaukee, stop by.
I need a baseball buddy down here! since lives too far away
how you been bey
"Angry black man day" today...I swear...sometimes I don't think people really understand how that works. We still get mad about that BS.
Tomorrow is my all day meeting with my Vistage group. Some of us have been together more than 10 years. All great guys and CEOs.
Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted, and the problem is I don't know which half - Lord Leverhulme, Unilever founder, UK
#I'dRatherHave a partner that respects my autonomy and consent than any other characteristic.
You should follow me to show your #WildcatNation some love!
It's our first normal saturday night of the year! Find Mikwaukee's best gyros on Water and Juneau until we run out of food
Emily... We are so proud of all 3. Thank you! :)
Knit the city, even...
love your site - would love to talk with you more about #HRC and exchange ideas. Interested?
People are freaking out? You guys threw an awesomely fun wedding. That should be thanks enough.
lol I think I found you
there we go now that makes sense
what's your ticket on promoting
TONS! The first few snow falls are so pretty and exciting! But by the 8th snowfall you're like.. Okay really.......Stop. :P
Don't know what i would do without the internet. Best thing since sliced bread.
watching WSS, waiting for Bernardo to break into a chorus of 'Mandy' ::chuckle:: and prepping for OR tomorrow, yes OR!
I love your hair
Don't take yourself too seriously.
Insecurity is a woman's worst enemy
#scumbag #postoffice sends out catds with 8am opening. Actually opens at 10. They deserve to fail.
offers three frame bevel options to ensure the right fit with existing window frames & Marvin’s Ultimate Insert Double Hung.
So we had a read/sing through of the show today at 3:00. I'm blown away how at day 2 we are this far along! Rock it out, cast!!
I love the Spanish word for cash "efectivo". It's effective all right.
ha! Try to Make me pigy phone away :-)
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
this is big news and we haven't discussed
strange! Tickets will be available at the door, no worries!
i haven&#39;t been paying attention just fucking around cause i thought you were gone, is every ok? wtf is going on i need plain engli…
Time to watch
Once again having trouble sleeping. Wish I had a girl that would rub my back until I fell asleep.
went to a pub crawl last night... Ended up at the crawling stage. Ugh!
Watching Braxton Family Values :)
Sarah Sackett! Yr support means the world to us! Thank you so much for yr continued support. We heart you so much! Yr pretty amazing!
Sitting at VSTE waiting for the keynote speaker to begin.
My parents arrived in L.A. in the late 1970's. We've been here ever since. :)
minutes away from warm brie salad and fresh baked bread in the house!
Every Sunday @ Main Street UMC @ 3:30 PM: "Jam for Joy" Musician? Vocalist? Just want to learn some new music? Open session upstairs!!!
Had mucho fun with :D even with her drooling!
Are you coming out for Legends Week?
Another Twitter t-shirt question coming up today ... Stay tuned
Occupy #peeps. Perfect choice.
Your a sorcereress aren't, able to tweet while sleeping.
driver's test soon !
I (ayjay) just stubbed my toe into the metal leg on my bed. OUCH!!!!!
Heading to the Sobe in a bit. Hope it doesn't rain... Like really loll
On the road from Fort Benning, long day, but good meetings with customers
I just got a zillion times more excited about this, and I didn't even think that was possible.
believe me, so am i!!
{PEARLS} is taking a break from our *Top 10 Hip Hop Songs You'd Probably Want the Youth to Miss* series, But it'll be back soon...
": Knock knock. "Who's there?" ... Banana. "Oh, then I'm not opening the door.""
2 of the girls that have come out are Edrienne Chan & Emma Young from Seton. Any insight?
Ever wondered why something at the library works the way it does (or doesn't seem to work)? Ask us! We're happy to help!
Big changes. #update soon! \m/
clean my room, and then I'll text you guys when you can come over!
I think it was more a concern of rooting for someone on the Yankees. Lots of Yankees haters. Of course, I'm one of them...
