Name your BEST Makeup tip for Valentines day! Share it with us!
The higher the heel the worse the childhood.
Anathema's new album is perfect. Absolutely perfect.
Wish I could take my retirement from the window cleaning world sooner rather than later!
Glad to hear! The new job is going really well. Please say hello to & for me!
Yep. My theory: I'm just old so people think I know stuff :-)
Bra why you got on my shirt RT : “ “ - Relationships Last Longer When Nobody Knows Ya Business””
Yup, it's true what they say, when you're dead that's when they start to care.
Amelia prego #PP keeps getting better and better every week. Awesome.
where do you live
love you too my beautiful daughter
What time during the day should we update our status? What time are you guys usually online?
"The game is in your hands, Matt." "Don't, don't say that, man."
Picked up Springsteen's 'Wrecking Ball' today. Reminds me much more of Seeger Sessions so far than Magic or (cough) Workin' on a Dream.
we were dying today and when you got the pen on my shirt...
Cache of evidence provides little clarity in Trayvon Martin case - Denver Post
Thats how u FEEL thats HOW really feel! ?
#Sixers have brought it back to two, trailing #Celtics, 15-13, late in first.
FB status update of a childhood friend: "Shoulda known the bitch was crazy when she pulled out her phone & it was an android. Red Flag"
Nicely done, New York!
they say that they don't see what you see in me, you wait a couple months and you gon see you'll never find nobody better than me .
Beers tonight anyone?
Happy Fourth of July to all Spurs fans - especially those who serve or have served our country.
Close your eyes and give me your hand Do you feel my heart beating, do you understand? Do you feel the same, am I only dreaming Or is this b
Every game you lose now is one more game you have to win later.
Looking forward to seeing it :)
Give yourself love...
you just showed him as the guy driving the car trying to pick up the kids, big mix-up.
I swear.
ive never felt this way before
Check out this great new website www.filmstory.org. Also, follow them on Twitter (a 5th Ave member helped create the site).
Recording up at Phantom Vox this weekend...High on sleep deprivation...Yeah!
Watching it now. Maybe we can work together in the future - we have up to date kid-friendly events in DC on our website :)
Hi Followers. Emailers, Textrs, Its Been A Great Week! Your Business And Feedback Is What Makes Us.Tick.Tnk U!
Kentucky is my favorite college basketball team every!
okay now I see it when I actually clicked on it!
I'll buy u a spa day if I can come with you!
spent all day installing software and finding old software on new computer
Do you have a following that you'd like to expand? Let ZesMo.com help you with text marketing.
We're gonna laugh, we're gonna drink till' the morning comes. That's what we're gonna do....COME ON....COME ON!!!!
What was so good about him?
Pizza Hut &&'d Basketball :)))
Any food has potential for pathogens and causing illness -- #Rawmilk seems to provide more opportunity to infection
Per dispatch the deputy is out and okay.
Word. I took time off work to make it happen.
#KennyPowersDay done. Woo
Look down you see ya girls head go up...
Learn more about the actor/playwright behind our Finding Frankenstein performance www.dawnbrodey.com/ Meet her at the Monster Mash on 10/14
Thanks for your great work today
Such a nice break with in-laws. But totally hectic in different ways. Miss the Twitter!
Dick Clark. From my hometown of Mount Vernon, New York. In fact, my parents went to Davis High School with him.
Ah, yes, farther in on 50 that's a problem. On the Anne Arundel side, the only limitations are the ones you place on yourself.
As a liberal, I've always respected John McCain and watching Game Change only reinforces my respect for him. A true American indeed!
I had a dream I went to Canada and got stuck there.....
There's always traffic when its nice out
Hope I didn't have any homework...
miss you boo boo
So glad my friend just won a golden globe!!! So happy for her and proud of who she is as a talent and a person. Congrats!!
Under New Management!! Come check us out!! You'll love what you see and smell! don't forget your paperwork ;)
Thanks to you im loving Krock now <3 :D
Will Author trust overrule page rank?
I GOT U!
Gingrich says Obama doesn't want a middle-class tax cut while Republicans don't want to extend the payroll tax cut. With a straight face.
We fast and pray to achieve proper sonship. You ought to have a discipline to do so.
asked about that earlier -- very little overlap, programmes ontology is great, but designed around broadcast scheds
#3WordsOfAdvice Believe in yourself :)
I expect every Candidate to act when their conscious tells them to, and inspire others to have a voice even if they are silenced
haha. It's so good.
Love your response. I have a feeling you will get creative...and stay true to both. Glad #Aztecs don't get Notre Dame today.
Criticism of Tiger Woods 'just out of hand' Just because Tiger Woods usually lets his game do his talking for him, doesn't mean people ca
Thank you for having us last night! So much fun.
Don't forget Albuquerque Comic Expo in June lots of fun to be had and Stan the man Lee will be there !!!
trying to argue that baked potatoes are 'unhealthy' ....
here being wherever he is
Factoring takes the entire burden off of your back for the collection of your receivables from your client.
Any career opportunities at Cailfornia Modern? Moving from London to San Diego in Oct!
You ever have those days were you don't know where youre going in life?
'because I was a stay-at-home dad in a town called Rose Petal, and it wasn't like I was...' STAY AT HOME DEAD
I guess Moore will protest and tell us not to vote for Obama. I wish!
Pretty inspiring meeting with today. Another cool Portland company to follow.
Time for a tremendous amount of Tylenol PM.
are they fat?!
#NP Beastie Boys for the whole day. RIP Adam Yauch. Truly a music pioneer, hero and inspiration to millions of people.
I bet you an iphone 4s you wont see this ... ;)
Big Daddy Shaq couldn't fit in a Buick. . . . may as well have him endorse an I.Q. Smart Car be more entertaining.
RIP Donna Summer <3
Thanks for the compliments. We are very proud to be a silver sponsor of that event and to host a workshop as well.
Shaviro: "We invert anthropomorphism when assume the world will have no values once we are departed from it."
How was your class today? RT : Waiting to workout with Bosu
I saw that! It's good :)
#scifest is heating up on Twitter! Love this tweet from Julie M. McClure "No one ever flunked a museum."
Utley feels better. Not sure when he will go to Clearwater, but when he does he will go to play in games, not more rehab. ()
I shall be in touch today.
Can't wait until the next #Glee episode! =D Now a little bit of Grey's Anatomy before waking the kids up =)
RT Let me just summarize. You're all fucked and I don't care. I only care about fictional $ amounts and #SPORTS!
cool deal...........the first 50 guys get free lappies bring a keg and get five freebies baby birdie hot men
Thanks for the follow bro! Spread the word
Yay USA hockey scored! Oh... it's Pacioretty.
oh gotcha
I will make sure to go to Takorea next time I'm there!
I want you all to know that YOU are all beautiful. You're here for a reason. Dream big and live life to the fullest! Always. 143.
I thought everyone knew that you're a private detective. Duh, people.
Great! That's what I like to hear!
RR : Sometimes it sucks being too strong, because people think is alright to hurt me, over and over again."
Where's the place to hear great music this weekend in #Milwaukee?
You definitely want to make a positive impression no matter where you go through out life's travels.
2 spaces only for CBS Blue Bloods Casting Director Mellisa Moss this Thursday, April 21st! Register online or call: 212.594.9616
#ff ladies follow him
I love party in movies when everyone dances in elaborate coordinated dances. At parties the people dancing are just jumping up and down.
The only man who succeeds is the man who is progressively realizing a worthy ideal. - Earl Nightingale
me estresa no poder entrar al facebook u.u
It's been a minute, let me tune in and see what's cracking... WELCOME TO THE BREAKFAST CLUB (Broadcasting live at ustre.am/cYyp)
A surfer once sued another surfer for stealing his wave
Oh, please....PLEASE have another cocktail.
Close, but I need the FULL brand name with it. you almost have it. the answer is 5 words.
Petition now near 5k; awesome to see so many folks stepping up to the plate, grassroots & celebs
Awesome, just got my electricity back on !!!
Not clueless but not weak thinking. Me too rather than visionary. Disappointing!
Every day & coast to coast I connect w/ #highered institutions who believe in cause.They're joining us in changing the world.
Last night in DC at Clyde's
begins the hearing at Boston state house on hunger and housing. Calls for a national plan to end hunger.
i am a model lol so im always on the move
good luck! I want to do a fast. but, I dont think I could handle it. :)
gul by goran bregovic. what a beautiful song. so Turkish
My dick - my world! My balls - my word! No, that's not a typo... read it again, biotch! :-P
I wish I had siri! Damn iPhone 4 -__-
Official King of Diamonds Party Bus... Open bar for 4 hours & Limo/Bus Contact 786-223-1654 South Beach, Miami
Monday morning office is at work to serve your visual communication needs. www.vcube.com
Thats a boo
Your friends on the east coast send support! You were meant for this. Keep freedom alive.
I hate when your watching tv and your parents decide to talk to you -.-
Last full day of high school.
Either works for me. Whichever you want!
Centaurs are my favorite mythical creature by far. Especially when they're from narnia :)
How will LAW & ORDER: IRAQ ever get off the ground if the Iraqi judiciary system can’t?
Not even the 3D and special effects could save the #WrathoftheTitants. It's somehow entertaining, but not a breathtaking film by any means!
We can't wait! RT Crafts in Chelsea!!! WOO
I've been "cutting farts" all day for #Jewtopia at Oh, the soundtrack of my life!
Would kill for a right now. Or at least maim, LOL
A woman in northern Afghanistan gives birth to sextuplets, despite being unaware she was carrying more than one child.
I've always wanted to try those! My parents think I'm crazy
You forgot about
thank you so much! My husband was waiting anxiously for me to forward these to him.
you mean your house?
absolutely absurd that even needs to be addressed! Keep your morality to yourself!
good night!
Demo tracking for new Brothers Fighting material has officially begun! oh shit oh shit
To the freshman who was just walking behind me and ranting about Obama being a Muslim terrorist, you're so luck I didn't turn and punch you.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts/then listen close to me Anything can happen, child. Anything can be. Shel Silverstein
And so begins Fashion Week for Geeks!
Did say this? "Music is the background of life. #rethinkmusic Food, travel, sports brands are made better with music.”
so you actually made the video? Has Justin seen it?
Gym with kat
SS don't tell my wife, her closet needs Space Saver ;)
album release will be at Yoshi's Oakland in mid-may..I'll keep you posted :)
Went swimming with Colton:) a fun day in the sun is just what I needed<3
thx for the shout-out!
starting to wonder if I have enough bacon to weather the rest of this storm.
You and I both Molds!! #ragemode RT“: can't wait for when you take that 3 month study break! #summerFun”
#WaitingForNewEminemAlbum as hard as it may be
Wall Streeters impugned his policy as wacky / Ben Bernacke
this aint for one night, im shining all week hoe.
#cua last day of classes - frantic #cuasciencelib library users need kindness, printing and all their library records cleared!
3 game losing streak coming for the heels!!!!!
overall it was more of an experience than a concert
You can tell alot about a man by the way he shakes your hand.
so. much. syle.
"Dr..." Deals gone wrong: Boogie Nights vs Scarface (Bathroom scene)...4got how good Boogie Nights was.
Wisconsin State University is lookin' pretty bad. Keep it up, BYU!
Does anyone else think 'Kill Bill' pretty much ended the whole ninja-assassin revenge franchise? Why the need for 'Ninja Assassin'?
The Darlins will be at Burt's on Dec 5th!! Yay! Good things are coming! :)
Getting Ready to watch US Men's National Team play Honduras in Gold Cup Semi Final. This is the 3rd game against them in less than 2 months
If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go <3
Let's go Dores!
Please show Gabby Douglas's Vault and Bars! She's the one whose really winning this competition right now.
People, don't RT compliments. It's not the look.
FOOD FACTS! Get happy! Spinach is good for your spirits. It contains lots of folic acid. If your body doesn't have enough folic acid, you...
Stankin ass bitch only sent clothes that are 2 sizes too small or big...bitch u got back 16racks an aint buy the kids new clothes,
My heart is no longer cold nor dose it worry for my son's I feel the victory and his hands moving in my life
Ironic #swsx 'Interactice' doesn't have a more automated way to get your conference badge. Crazy.
It blows me away when people at companies actually take the time to personally respond when you email them. Always a pleasant surprise. :)
Well....I can't seem to bend down and tie my shoe.
#StandYourGroundRule is a great law in #Florida and protects innocent people. Trayvon was killed by a criminal who should be prosecuted.
Everybody hatin' gave me reason for my doubt , if that girl talking stupid tell her close her damn mouth .
411 Added into Boost's $50 unlimited plan
Just because the semester ends doesn't mean work stops. I have a #blog and a #report due to both of my jobs.
Big props to my buds for putting on an amazing set last night!
nothing to do wish I had someone to talk to!
Short shorts on :-)
There are no passengers on Spaceship Earth. We are all crew. -McLuhan
Let's be Klout friends!
Congratulations Women's Soccer in a 3-2 victory over Michigan State!
I don't want to make 2011 jealous by working too hard so soon in 2012, so I'm gonna be lazy for just a couple more days...
I cannot wait for my hair and beard to grow back.
Happy Monday #RadioWaves !!! Make sure to stay tuned to see what is up to this upcoming week!!!!
Just tried a Pine Bros. cough drop now that they're back in production. Same softish drop, but disappointed with the honey flavor:(
haha not you x)
Is it possible that the secret service was just trying to round up hookers for the GSA event in Vegas?
Happy Birthday {:
SInce you can't spell, only you lose. You are a sorry example of life gone very wrong. You'll rot in hell for your ugliness.
I stand corrected! I need a Twitter Proofer! HA
who's the browns early prediction star this year?
you deliver since I'm on my couch watching the Masters :)
What's everyone #writing this weekend?
I wish my mind would stop wandering to you and my heart would stop aching for you
given that they have called about 5 of them so far on Vandy...poor job by the refs again.
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon. ~Doug Larson
I wish I was at Taylor Swift's concert right now.
GOING 2 SOME BEACH 4 STEAK-N-FRIES BABY, WHO'S DWN????
A4. We're looking forward to checking out brand new neighbors, Southport Fitness !
Listening to excerpts from Lionel Richie's duets album that comes out this week.... Darius and Lionel "stuck on you" so pretty! I'm excited!
I have to catch a flight from Cleveland...can u wait for at least 6 hours Phoenix??
Fiedler also says, " it is my opinion that no other matters have come to my attention about which the chancellor should be aware."
papas on his very last leg
good luck! Hope it went well :)
Congratulations! MT It's official: I will be joining as a politics reporter!
I have company coming in next week too. Blast. New Vimes or time with mother. Decisions decisions...
do you think Jabri Parker suits up for UK if Coach Cal stays in Lexington??
Another warm day here in Columbus - now is the perfect time to get your furnace tune up scheduled before it gets really cold!
Betty White's 90th birthday party is cracking me up!
Yeah I know.
yes please! I need an update pronto!
“We can’t die, because..we are so very pretty. We are just too pretty for God to let us die.” - Captain Malcolm Reynolds
Don't know of any pantomime cases--European law covers "dumb shows." Next tweet....
ok. I've heard of her. Lady Gaga is Madonna without the menopause. Lol.
Nice! Always great to hang out with If you're in town and want to stop by Duke, let me know.
weekend is here again lol
I thought Bobby Petrino was a scumbag for bailing on the Falcons mid-season in 07. Now he does same thing to his wife and kids? What a child
Now that we're following each other, I need to know: Do u love us more or do we love u, more?
work wasn't working today...
Goodnight twit fam
Just paid and setup up at tab with this AM on Love my doughnuts!
u owe me beer! Like I said...
Bob Wells~ For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Be safe driving!!! It's like a skating rink out there today! (and not the good kind...)
That's what I was thinking, but received advice to put it in
fuck you , you don't know shit & don't needs ta know shit
And now its raining! -.- Fuck that
Welcome to the west coast! Let us know if you head down to sunny San Diego!
Thanks! I am unworthy...
RT : Good start fellas! Keep it up!
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!
Lose the tie -- bring the wallet -- not sure what to do with V8 #staysafeout there
RT why is "rediculous" such a widespread incorrect spelling? Amen
Smiling faces do tell lies I call them smiling haters them is the werses kind
iPhone 4 will be avail early next month 4 VZW...
I got you girl, do it like you don't care. And if you with it, I got it right here baby come and get it.
Latina women do everything do for their family. Language barriers are difficult among parents/children and the Spanish media is insufficient
Gentleman. How are ya!?
If I were to evaluate my program right now... I would say "Hug Mel" for laying such a clear vision for Biz Kid$
hey hey follow
Palin wouldn't rule out going for the nomination if there is a brokered convention this year! I've never wanted anything so bad in my life!!
THAT was a really amazing drawing. tops of to you!!!
My moms telling me people always stop her cause and tell her I'm stunning and beautiful. Ha
Good Morning. :) Follow Back Please?
To everyone coming out tonight, we switched to an early spot so that the tempest can make it out and play! So we'll be playing at 7:15!
I JUST WANT TO SLEEP DAMN IT!!!
not a dog person. Finally, all is clear to me about A-Rod and my longtime resistance to him.....
75% of health care costs go to treat chronic conditions- many can be prevented. ACA works to change this.
Well what's done, is done.
Hails from London UK and was a songwriter before making her debut Album. Price Tag #NowPlaying on
exactly my brothers!!! LoL!!!
haha!! I almost put a #CatChat tag on it!!
Got my #Girlfriends DVD (best show ever) & my sesame street blanket (don't judge me) lol Happy Saturday Tweeps!! 😄
hell yes.
thanks man!
Have I ever told you how much I love being late?
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Elephant & Castle - Pub (live updates)
Today's Poll Question: What should happen with Ozzie Guillen? You're responses could be read on today's Heller Show!
I was like dang mad haze out- den my nose realized it BBQ smoke!
I <3 South #Korea!!! 55 downloads! Thanks =]!
www.3sgiants.com! Check us out! Swing by our Facebook- Third Stream Giants! Thanks everyone! :)
I have at least one eye open. That's a good sign it means I'm alive again today.
Well, I figured I'd put my $ where my mouth is.
yeah, i was supposed to go to the salvation army to donate clothes with big foot but she got a meeting
Morning! I'd love feedback on yesterday's prez if you have any. Still in love with Alma? <3
You're welcome! Thanks for having us.
I'm at Pam Sieving NIH librarian #Informationist talk "Embedded and collaborating: the NIHL Informationist Model" Will report....
“Winning is a habit. Watch your beliefs, they become your words.” ~Vince Lombardi
we already have some catching up to do(:
Kitchen floor tiled today! Looks badass, and yes I am a badass as well! LOL..Feels like beer on the couch watching basketball kind of night!
No worse torture than chargrilled jerk chicken next to the bus stop.
Thanks, I knew it was today.
Form of... a light bulb!
So it is my last day off until the end of Oct. Am I being productive? Well, if you count laying on the couch as productive, then yes.
thankfully! next time we will have to float there in the mini! 💦💦💦🚤🚤🚤
Scanner Monitor: A few more issues at I-70 and I-225. Calls for a 4x4 to help stuck vehicle.
how can I stay away?
Okay I'm in motion Im rolling Im smoken
The Arsonist has oddly shaped feet!
Tonight's title, combined with Duke's loss to 15 seed, will just about erase that. Ha
#weirdfactsaboutme ; i don't like sitting in the middle in backseat of a car cause you feel like your the center of attention lol
just finished #Brokaw book (on CD) The Time of Our Lives. Great Must Read -- brief comments on my #LinkedIn book list
I'm glad you enjoyed reading my blog... its great to get feedback and know that my words are being read and enjoyed! Thanx
I will begin interviewing my family about the #Nakba in two weeks. About prisons, about exile, about their wounds. We need this recorded.
right. My bday coming up on the 26 I might be hittin up the club. You down?
what i love most..? how a n_gga could really make me laugh even through a simple text message ?
So good to see these Houston guys play well ..Texas has some serious talent right now and its only going to get better. Lots of young talent
Thanks! I would love a break, maybe the weekend, lol :) but yah, time to recharge and remember all the reasons why I'm doing this!
Widespread Panic playing at the bar! A rarity in Minnesota!
Watching how it's made
tell your mom to stop texting me
My birthday can't come any faster.
#np "All Because I'm Free" by Vests Williams. RIP
“: 6 more days until summerr!!!😁😁 when do y'all get out?” next month :(((
congrats on #1yearWhoIAm :) you're an amazing guy can't wait to hear more music
hello Nati ! drinking coffee ..still! and you're welcome 'you don't drink coffee do you? :D ~~~~rich
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Phenom 150: Ludwig Cox ⁰Rising 9th Brownsville, Tx ⁰Travel Team: Idea Frontier School ⁰Shooting Guard 6’1
did you really delete my truth is?
Uh, okay. Fuck you too then.
Thoughts From A Balcony
Just left an energy filled callback at NCT. Now hosting a teen set at the library put on by th Tennessean. Jazz and Jokes open mic tonight.
boost plush's tunes ;)
What to do when all you're good at is passing out drunk
The fact that I didn't make 's Best of Baltimore list is further proof that everyone who is not me is a filthy bastard.
If you haven't tried Pretzilla yet, you must! They are so good and so perfect withaca the a brew! # mkefirkin
Food handler's course...Joke
taking the longest nap ever in bio today
thought you could handle THE PASTRY OF DEATH. I was wrong.
If a book with a character I like is bad, I wait until it's a back issue.
LoL me and my friend are just texting eachother and asking if were potheads today. Go look up Ryan Higa's video "How To Spot A Pothead" :)
Well actually less than 2 months :D
Accrdng to this woman 7 people fit in a 6 person seat. Two equal spaces separated by a bar. I'm not sure how that logic works. Math is hard.
welcome to giddyup , what are you up to this weekend?
"This is a ruby. Is this a joke... what do I look like.. a Kardashian?" "No you're much less hairy."
Ladies, what does it mean when you're watching The Notebook with a guy and he cries more than you do?
we are at 370 right now so we still need more!
GIRLS:When he tells you his problems he doesnt need advice, he just wants you to listen, so that he can pour his heart out to you
I kove you and think you are an amazing mother!!!<3
Still in the planning stages. I might book everything myself since it sounds like i can save money doing that route.
I might have to start calling the defense in the second half too.
Make plans to join NEW to male your voice heard around community developments & community benefits on Feb 20th at St.Matthew's. Call...
I need a twitter buddy that likes Jimmy Bennet <3 Someone I can fangirl with over him ! Any takers ?
perfect advice!!!!
Detroits their only enemy.
haha okay. are you trying?
Lion King 2 Simba's Pride :D
everything #wawa serves up is like crack!
There's only so much a heart can take.
LSP cast RT of the Day: RT the greatest lie they tell us is that we can rob banks with a clown mask.
Even Lebron thinks Tony Parker's announcement is obnoxious
Thanks for the follow MBR!
why we watching the skins? Jabar gaffney is your best player
In class too fcking bored !
I love his song with Taylor, obviously.
What do you know about me - I am tired of getting harassed when I engage.
Please click like on the urbanspoon.com for #cafeperrin. We re beter than 57%. Show the love and RT please!
deal!! Can't wait!
I use to hate church,, But I guess now that I listen more , its kinda interesting hah
Getting up is one thing going to school after is just one easy way to ruin my day
YAY!!!! I'm excited you're doing this! Can't wait to see what you find Madison!
yeah we were joking haha!
Where is everyone tonight? I expected mobs, but there's plenty of outdoor seating everywhere.....
World’s first all-diamond, 150-carat ring created by Swiss jeweler; worth $70 million | The Sideshow - Yahoo! News ;)
yay! thank you
My hair is so short now. #gahhh 😱😱
Wtf. Dislike when ppl get angry-sounding on the phone w/ me for no real reason. Grr. Y can't people be nice!?
I need to pic me up a redbox movie ...its 1 of them nights
#Text GOLFRADIO to 90210 for regular updates on upcoming shows & features from the International #Golf #Radio Show. Score with mobile!
I wish i could see you right now! :(
just licked my face...
Have you ever eaten at the Flying Fish Cafe on the Boardwalk? We have an ADR there for Friday night - newbies!
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it. Bob Hope
Weekend Cooking: Chicken Pot Pie
cool =D
I hope Richard wins #tcfinale. I hope Carla wins fan fav.
Whatever happens, both goalies rock.
Let's go #Nuggets shut those assholes up
oh, the defense! Not traumatic at all. Almost enjoyable at times.
Playing #thewaitinggame is not all that fun.
What a shame, WV couldn't pull through
Mayweahter vs Ortiz proved "All work, is easy work". See why this is even more true with the QuickStart weight loss program @ healzoo.com
to be a part of a worship team and find a better job;)
Wait 'till I start posting pics of him in Bears gear! The suffering keeps a'comin!!!
Yep, I used it in Spring 2011. It has a decent overview of hardware but it's not the best textbook I've had.
glad you told me, had no idea it was completed. And thank you!
Better to teach 'em early.
My platform will be Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. I am creating them here in Sw Fla on my own. Taking vacant homes, repairing them and employing
Let's go racin!
What if you could eat a ringtone? One scientist thinks you can. We'll talk to him today on the Forum.
The ride departs at 6:30pm and will loop back to Public Square at 7 to pick up any late arrivals before continuing to The Academy Tavern.
Lots of talk on #InternPro about networking, mentors and hard work... think there might be a pattern developing.
I know I am bad at twitter I am trying to be more on it
Cool story bro you should tell that one at parties
I'm finally registered to vote:):)
“: I want to see Christina aguilera do a tribute to Whitney I know she will kill it!”
Damn. I thought "I should've kissed you" was a 1D related topic. :3
that's so cool! Congrats again on the big day! You posting any pictures up?
Cute. Unfortunately I don't know. RT : what's the emoticon for "blushing" ---> RT : <3
That was a little crazy! Just lost the power at the house for a few hours! That hasn't happened in forever! Need 2 invest in more candles!
Our pictures from our shoot our up on our facebook! Go check them out and tell us what you think!
its raining
I'm dropping out and running back to Barcelona, too much work :(
your point??? GTFO
Loving that all my #setonbuds are on twitter
lol I know {:
Bout to go hit up the mall but river oaks this time.....
Need to fill my schedule!!! Who wants free gourmet food!!
I hear someone from #DevLearn just wrote about us? Who's that nice person?
courses r taught in English...how frustrating...Get It Together...Rosetta Stone or something geesh lol!!
real hoopers work everyday........NO OFF DAYS
The ugliest people running around here talking about they"be that pretty muffucka"no you need to sit your motherfuckin ass down somewhere
Happy Mardi Gras! Or, come to and show me your, uh, beads. That's right! Get some pitchers of New Orleans Iced Teas!
omG omG
Girl stop your talkin, words just get in the way, I'll be your man <3
your arguments on the transferring matter are ridiculous.
Listening to This Is Breathing
Great stuff, Dave. Glad to contribute.
Guest Bartending tomorrow night with !!! Come grab a drink and cure your hangover!!
Im not feelin it
Those who love peace must learn to organize as effectively as those who love war.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.
Good news for nerds like me! :-) MT : ... Reading is chic!!
Off to Calgary!! Thanks for everything
Fedor isn't a nerd, he's a geek...
RT if you're excited about #Paradise. ♥
omg. get a gun, shoot me. I didn't even notice. I'm ashamed.
I think the ppl need to know MY story
while you may be misunderstood by man, you are a champion caliber dude Miller! Just come back large man, hold your head high!
#stlwx First roll of thunder heard in St. Ann near the airport - bracing for very bad weather.
Hahaha you guys haven't uploaded your video yet or announced the album news :(
"Does anybody know how post videos to facebook!" Bulls/blazers dunk call of the year!
I'm kind of mad STILL hasn't followed me back. 
I was just with the great Dr. T. Berry Brazelton. What an honor to meet a legend in the early ed world! Still full of energy and life at 93!
I'm sure nobody cares, but I'm almost healed up after dealing with 2 bacteria infections within the last 6 months from a fractured tooth.
They do that mess all the time so ignorant I show love to all my fans and those who love my music 24-7 real talk
maybe your in the mood to follow me pretty please? 💜
I just earned the Mexi-Can badge on #Yelp!
E thing?
thanks for the retweets this week and we look forward to your tweets!
I can't wait for this week to be over!
I WIILL C IT!! CANT WAIT!!
we good mikey!! How bout you??
What's number one?
up early time to work on this song im gonna send to make it on this Based AllStars
I wish #InDesign preflighting could come with some background music just to let you know that it's still working away . . .
enjoyed every minute of it!!! Wouldn't have it any other way babe!
Edited a couple of pages from the Card Master. #dmguild Need to sleep soon.
As you roll your clock forward; take time to check expiration dates on your Epi-pens, Benadryl, and other medicines.
Our sponsored happy hour is about to begin, if you're at #digiday video upfronts!
My idea of a good time includes eating slices of food from naked bodies in a world of wine tonight. #joinus lafigaproject.com
Real tears are not those that fall from your eyes and cover your face. Real tears are those that fall from your heart and cover your soul.
how are you lost. she lives like 3 minutes away
no she's a tranny...but she did write some of britneys newer stuff
Apples! - Dr. Johnston describes nutrition for your teeth on this week vblog.
John's album of the week is "Pushing The Salmanilla Envelope" by Jimmie's Chicken Shack. What are you listening to right now?
Hate being sick
Mitch, we're quite delighted to be part of your community.
Pre, or post revolution?
While you're sleeping with your pride wishing I could hold you tight, i'll be over you and on with my life.
DPage: "I want men! I don't want little American boys!!" Tyler Alderson: "... I do."
Just drove for the first time by myself!
RT : its a beautiful thing to be able to be completely vulnerable and transparent with someone.
Everyone needs believe in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
good night twitter twatter tweeters.
I'm sorry but you are entirely mistaken on the gateway drug hypothesis.
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. -Gail Sheehy
#coonery RT : Hot wings & apple juice :D
Is anyone out there managing a branded youtube channel?
That awkward moment when Ur in wall Mart nd u loose Ur mom hah
Going to find some #climbing this weekend on my trip to pullman, even if it's indoor!
Let's balance the budget and cut spending!
This is my first presentation, so we'll see how it goes...
4 miler in the rain this morning, felt a little too much like I was running the White Rock marathon again
This week needs to go by faster! So ready to have a blast with this
I love working in a hospital setting. You meet so many different people. :-)
The way I just took this shit and did my nigga's toilet dirty was just too disrespectful. Smh.
Great article.
Hold on I'm puking right now! lol. I'd love to have you train at my gym! Let's do this! Hit me up a week before you get in!
CASTING! Know a couple in a bad relationship? Do they need an intervention? Email your story to
#blend11 = Sloan Consortium Blended Learning Conference and Workshop.
Just attended the PMX convention at the LAX Hilton as a guest #voiceover actor. Ladies of Tenchi Muyo panel. Fun!
whats good bro
thanks for heads up!! Mental note...take different way home!
yeaa,people always like "you mean lol?" lml ,wait your name Jada?
going to try heading to Orchard in Bloom preview now. What time tonight?? :)
Better follow thru every week. Launch coming soon. New music has experience with dogs. Living losing and living
exactly. RT : Hittin up Winter this weekend. Who wouldn't want to drink beer on a ferris wheel?
A simple Copy-Paste will do!
thanks! I'll check that out.
Trojan Condom's new slogan should be, 'wrap it in latex, or she's going to get your paychecks.'
“: She got that magic bullet tho ” lmao!!
Uh uhh. This bitch looks nappy as fuck.
Its easy 2 imitate the dreams of those around u, & to think u want what they want.But remember u have ur own dreams 2 follow -via
at least you got to experience a 4.0 haha. I will
Last night i stepped on the back of my guy shoes ....... this morning i realized they were 1,000$ a pair lol
Watched my first episode of Breaking Bad last night. Wow. Wild. Equal parts creepy and captivating. Hooked. Thx, &
Who #waited in #line for #BreakingDawn last night?! Tell us your stories!
Slowly realizing that I'm consistently 5 years behind on music trends. Not looking forward to Bieber Fever in 2016.
thank you! <3
Follow me :) i am a huge fan of jb and You <3 :)
#TuNoviaEsPuta is trending lol. In English it means your gf is a bitch
me to, fridays are no fun when you're tired!
Love when the front door to the house is unlocked in the morning
Either you run the day or the day runs you. Jim Rohn
To join in on the wave of tweets that will hit my twitter stream...gggggggoooooaaaallll
Thinks I heard Chewbacca cry out from the audience at DCFC.
Capture screen shots of anyone singing your praises on Twitter; then use them on your Rave Review page on your website.
sounds like "I swear I'll never drink again."
happy birthday!!! Make the best of it and thanx 4 making me
New music now streaming live on facebook!
She never had 2 speak 2 prove she was a star.She was all the rage b4 ever stepping on a stage.
thanks for the mentions! , &
This postseason has been full of injuries - who do you think will come out on top?
No hits 5 errors. Indians just keep beating themselves. Just can't afford to waste games
Keep ISO down to avoid noise. Keep your exposure high enough to avoid blurred subject. Keep aperture low to let in extra light.
Lots of good things coming together for the Bicentennial Columbus book.
waking up to no power in RO...
Cookies, brownies and cupcakes, oh my! Delta Sigma Pi is having a bake sale right now, right on the patio outside LTB 1115
um, yeah, what you said...wtf?
Mark it down will be at the iroquois amphitheater on June 16th
A #BFSportsMoment - today in 1953 the Celtics beat the Nationals (111-105) in 4 overtimes to eliminate them from the playoffs.
Seriously disappointed with The Descendants.
Stay tuned. Our latest version update will include the new theme, and it should be available some time this month!
Happy Presidents' Day from Alexander Interiors!
#CMA male vocalist of the year goes to... So hot!
he's mine
O.O what kind of pills are they?
legit LOL. sup
can u follow me and do u ever call fans if not tht's fine i was jw um i hope u c this i <3 u
Sqeeee omg omg omg.
Frizzy French with pro handles...
I tried to explain to my boyfriend how the "hangover" after working a 24 hour 'shift' can't be cured in 1 day. Skipping church to prove it.
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, May 1st, 10:30am "Flowers and Honey Bees" With Flowers all around here come the honey bees.
It's always nice getting dry humped by anxiety R Kelly style at 1am when your alarm is set for 4:30am.
i always feel as if im in the wrong place when im the first person to enter my home room.
Beach V-Ball Tourney all weekend! Afterparty Sunday!
Gwendolyn Miller. Congratulations! on your new job.
Tom Izzo in statement: "I’m also driven to continue to raise the perception of our program to an elite level."
Drinking number 9's with the bros insert
FREE Performance today! at Park Ave CDs in Orlando bit.ly/sDkZBR
We'll be spreading our Dhoonya Green at upcoming Holi events in NYC! Want to perform with us? Register for our Tech class that starts...
": RT : I think I need a new avi"
the guy I like's hand is too deformed to touch me
we were wondering if you want join us and bust out your black unitard? I keed! I keed! #weknowyourunitardisred :)
___ so you can hear all the bad stuff people say about you XD jk
Wow... can it get any busier! #notcomplaning. makes for a fast day.
Thank you so much!!!
good job today defending your position.
Finishing up a production meeting for The SCoop!
Sushi for breakfast!
Currently listening to: The Lust Merchants - Kiss You Goodbye on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Pffft, I'd prefer it! AND I get to keep it until the year 2020! Blerg.
A study shows women have orgasms at the gym? Seriously? I am doing something wrong.
RT if u want to marry (sucks for the ppl who RT this because they're NEVER going to.... I AM lmao)
I have to get up to Santa Fe in the next few weeks. I'd love to see u and introduce you to my daughter.
So pumped for #GirlTalk tonight with !
there has been research on integrating Roget with descriptor search (for query expansion) , but so long ago I cannot find now
He makes you sleep. Never heard of him?
Hi Diane - my pleasure & thank you for your RT
Is ever going to follow me? I hope soo!
cuase im comitted to the sport , unlike you ;)
But it seems every1 has 1!RT Consumer trends from #mobilize201:many consumers think they can't afford smartphones
- kinda fascinating. I mean, you're good on the asset front, but you think about this stuff and still, no allocation. You blog this?
Admit to faculty that you are human to reduce intimidation.
RT : When you stop treating your strategic partners like a vender vying for your business, YOUR business will grow!
Does any body know of a producer named david puentez? Dude is nice ...
Went out last night w my GF from out of state. Got home at 5 am. I'm so tired. Just can't hang like that anymore. Can't wait til bedtime. =)
Meet Lucy - A Maltese in Las Vegas, NV...she needs a loving fur-ever home!
Okay #GMA thanks for the spoiler alert about #revenge.... #sarcasm. Boo!
oh wow seriously?!
I agree 100%. Never let the true ones go!
hell yeah I do lol
Please vote for Bar Louie in every catagory you can in the Shepherd Express "Best of Milwaukee" contest. Vote ends tonight.
DAMN! I FORGOT THE ROUNDED CORNERS! #cssoff fail
annd , OKAY STOP. haha you're blowin' up my phone, not that you'll see this, buut love you. <3
Hurray for west coast people bring jet lagged with me haha
GF friends at FF show in DC, stop by Iron Chef booth. Taste Thai Sweet Pepper & Hickory BBQ sauces (ask for a sample from the bottle)
“: Republicans - n. people who believe only millionaires deserve welfare” ~~So True!
what time is it?
IT TOOK ME ALL DAY TO FIND SOME INSPIRATION :)
JUST GOT BACK IN DA #MTown HAD A BALL N #ColumbiaTN WIT
Dont let #BlossomEndRot get you down. Stop in at Paradigm Gardens and purchase some liquid
i'm so tired
my favortie song :-)
Wats past is past and wats now is now... No changing wats already been done
It's going to be a long day
Also, right above my office is one of the big HVAC returns.... White Noise Built In!
This is why I heart him. RT: your longing glances said it all.
fell asleep on me knowing it's hard for me to sleep. what kind of friend is that?
deep roots tattoos with mah girl Sarah Morsi!
We're going to overtime.
Just discovered that Marn is a good zero player on Umvc3. I guess I've been beaten to the punch, I thought no one played zero at tournies.
How much is too much organic shredded mild cheddar?
aw crap i forgot to watch the goob debate and tweet-heckle.
you should get back on twitcam for a few minutes!
I am excited that the Power will be on the NFL network this friday!
i'm trying to make myself prettier.
Hey Newsweek: I thought we weren't supposed to use the word "gay" as an insult anymore.
U Show Me Nothing But Hate. U ran Me Into The GROUND. But What Comes Around Goes Around. But U still DON'T hurt Me. NO Love Eminem Ft Wayne
#milwaukee Stop by our booth at the NARI home improvement show (booth 506&605) and ask for a Fillinger T-shirt or Hoodie-just got yesterday!
The Silk Tie likes Lewis! We would love to tweet with you, would you like to tie with us?
Welcome message from ATSU Board of Trustee Vice Chair, Kenneth Jones, D.O.
Consulting with collaborators to help clients and Meetings with supportive church, donor and expert. Busy day ahead. Best Wishes to All!
Not how I would of used James Casey...
Everyone go follow his tweets are firre and you'll easily gain 100 followers daily if you RT him
Where is it?
#FirstEdition says follow and amazing things will happen - u just have to folo to find out
Good ppl to be on a committee with! Thanks ladies for allowing me to share the stage w/ you!
An easy win for once
looking 2 network
hahaha.. how observant! I think the message is "buy flowers now, or get a lawyer later"
killin it right now. Thursday night house party
#ILoveWhenYou hug me from behind and call me beautiful :) <3
The hardest thing to do is watch someone you love, love someone else<\3
I think we might be full but check with Becky, our awesome Volunteers Director Becky <.org>
In my office truly frustrated so it's time for lunch!
not to worry ... the future diapers will even it out
you both , but more of a hater (:
You go on with yo bad self, gurl!
Doughnuts from 7-11? Don't mind if do :-D
How man days in a row have you partied nonstop?
MY BABIES ARE AT NUMBERS 1 AND 2 ON ITUNES.
Work tonight blah
get for for "Yeah .238/.304/.397 in 1000+ Career ABs is Just What the Tribe Needs"
Hey guys, our show today in Danbury, CT at the Heirloom Arts Theatre has been canceled along with tomorrow and friday. Very sorry!
Lmao. It was totally random! For real! The whole vid is hilarious, lemme know wut u think :P
You cannot think love; you must feel it for this is love’s only language. Jennifer Starlight
RT : Style is doing things your own way. I'm out. Xo
Thank you for following me new friends:
lolz! F you
Comments from public starting now
she was so beautiful
kinda like "hit it far and long"
Thanks!! I really appreciate that :)
Feel like crying....
I can do all things through CHRIST, who strengths me GREAT MORNING!!
12 hour bus trip back to Nashville, feel free to keep me entertained people
RT Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on "Stages of the Path to Enlightenment" from Dharamsala, India, October 23-25.
I'm following a niners fan..
When I fight with u, I'm really fighting for us. If I didn't care, I wouldn't bother.♥
oh poor you, same computer circa '98, temperamental mouse, sticky keyboard.
- sorry, just found you on twitter. Here now in Ingolstad. Sorry you didn't make the show. Sold out. Very nice set
THIS IS A CRISIST! OH MY GUURD NIALL! SAY SOMETHING! I think hes ignoring us cause he likes to see us suffer.
wowo enjoy it and be safe ... ^_^ continues to flies ... Monterrey arribaaaaa :D
lukky! it wont let me : /
SF fan, get your bike off the field
Looking for an entry level accountant (1-2 years exp) and an internal auditor (3-4 years exp). Please send resumes to aparnell…
we should totally checkout !
The most I've waited for a ride all day was 10 minutes. I've been to 2 parks and I've rode every ride in both of them. Now to magic Kingdom
Red Velvet Valentine's Day Cake is here, show your cupcake you love them
Chicago teacher says you go into any given school on a Friday and EVERYONE is wearing red. Yo, MTI bros & sis- this is a challenge to us!!
Deep inside It was a rush What a rush
THANK YOU DOLPHINS ABOUT DAMN TIME!!!
Can't go back to sleep right now..
be happy to send you a promo code for Hues if you're interested in checking it out.
Locks tomorrow!!☺🐟
Let me guess...... Are u watching
go get single make you proud FT P diddy artist text 30303 with CHARLB2 Its almost to Billboard!! RT PLEASE LOS!!
"Scramble with Friends" is the new hotness. Get at me. User name
which salad?
haha if only it said panties
thanks! we're working on getting it back up and running smoothly!
“So reports of my madness, as they say, were greatly exaggerated. Not that I give a bugger either way.” ~ David Icke
HIPAA enforcement "honorable mentions"--some are cases of little slip ups that cost employers millions.
that's alright..night...night
"Can I please smoke with you? You're just holding it, like it's your baby." 👶
Everyone is psyched for the two-seater rides tmrw! Looking forward to a great day at the !
I believe we are.
Best cigarette of the year = after Thanksgiving dinner
sup tweeter?
Killer Picture!
sounds yummy #wantsome RT : Making a cheesecake w/ a lemon-ginger crust ...going to top w/ raspberries & blueberries ..
fuck main stream rap... take a tour through the underground they mean straight business
RT : RT : Starbucks limited edition coffee "Bin Latte" middle eastern blend, dark bodied, frothy head with 2 shots ...
Congratulations on the opening of your new location in Cranberry Township! We love hearing of your success!
When someone tell you be careful that knife is sharp. NO SHIT! It's a KNIFE!
hey booboo! hows everything going? still remember me? you know when you called me Jan. 3 2010 ?? Because i IMed you on FB(:
omg poor innocent baby! Hahaa :)
On Saturday we rock the tower of low power! 3/31 5-7 pm East Coast time on with your host
no I just thought the inverted cross looked cool...
My teacher was talking about how people in the 70s were a bunch of pot heads then everyone turned and looked at the pot heads in our class
1ST THING THAT COMES TO MIND WHEN U HEAR: CHICAGO
Wheels starting to come off on #Rockies Alex White. Walks 2 in a row, loads bases. Game in balance right now.
now, which band member am I talking to ? :)
Remember when Dolphins passed on Brees due to concerns with his shoulder. 60+ pass attempts, 400+ yards against SF tonight.
THIS IS THE WORST
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream...
all the old school Nintendo favorites tabbed out to make your learning experience easier! #SuperMarioBros #LegendofZelda and #Metroid GO!
I love you what more can i say or do ?
If you're into a girl, go after her. Because if you don't, she'll be left guessing and wondering why she's not good enough.
All tables sold out tonight at !! Come down and hang out, DJ Tweety will be on the tables all night!
Anyone on LI know of any open barbacking positions?
Pretend to deliver me one and get me out of claaassssssssss!
Where do Baylor's Final Four mock UO sharpies rank?
what's going on tonight?? I'd love to come by!
Omg! I like don't talk to A LOT of people anymore since I've been wit my friends like 24/7. I miss texting some people.
You are finding and exploiting every fucking way to piss me off today.
I never get jealous when I see my ex with another girl, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate.
FAINT qualified - Funds, Authority, Interest, Need, and Time
RT : Use all your senses / Including intuition / As much as you can.
In the green room prepping for her 3 min. of fame on Chuck Scarborough's show :55, channel 161.
-_- too funny tho she do got a Bertha !!! I'm mad y'all trending #teeass tho ctfu she used to crack on mine payback
Last day of 12 hours to still enjoy year one
she's an angel...when she's sleeping. :)
Sorry for your loss... But lets start the new year with a win
yay! I have a twin! Lol
Got drunk last night trippy mane finna do it again tonight
What is so secretive if you tell them what you did.
Hey Cody! Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
I just don't want to offend the same people so I use different accounts for different potential enemies.
Make memories tonight not babies, wrap it up, girls don't get too fucked up, let's make sure tonight is one of the best nights of our live.
Size doesn’t matter. Convince them you’re different and better.
I cooked da hell outta those egg rollz. Fuckin round wit me you'll be done joined Da Fat Kid Mafia!
LIU a 2nd half run from making everybody in marchfatness say"F it, crap teams left in the west,eating a whole pizza right now"
#thingsidratherdothangotoschooltomorrow i don't have school all week!(:
I love how people only care about themselves..
UT pole vault swept the Texas A&M meet. 1st 2nd and 3rd place, but man it was ugly
I love it when you know somebody’s secret, but they don’t know that you know, and you know that they don’t know that you know.
You know it friend! RT : Smartest ticket in town tonight: and friends = PDXOXO. I know where I'll be.Duh.
that made my morning... Too bad I'm so shy and reserved. What city are you in now?!
Americans in London, big week ahead. Warwick Castle and Stratford Upon Avon this weekend, Thanksgiving at St Marys next Thurs. Pumpkin pie?
I'm liking this... someone should bring me lunch to work everyday.
THANK YOU and for an amazing training this weekend!
Cameron and Anthony went in their rooms, and i don't know where Matty, Melissa, Michelle or Jenna went :/
lmao at these children:)
you cant do that... maddie > kittens.
Want a #naturist discount getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
Is it just me or does it piss you off when you spend 5mins wrappin the toilet then find there was seat covers right in yo face
How was ur visit?
Just got your DM. What are you looking for? I'd be happy to help you out. --Aaron
Stay receptive to Success, you never know where it will lead you possibly to places you have always wanted but didn’t know how
If i don't move out the state when I'm older I'm moving to Detroit
. are 4-0 against the Can they sweep the season series against a team that's red hot?
RT if you're in school(: I am ;D
my mom said yes
Great. Now ArsTechnica looks like The Verge. If I wanted encapsulated bits of news on a frothy front page, I'd read The Verge.
It's so hot backstage and my wig is itchy.
Probably not this time around:(
yeah D: you left around 40 & came back at the end of class lol but it's okay.
If you can’t control what you think, you will not be able to control what you do.
Hollywood Pitch Of The Day: One's Chris Rock, One's Mitt Romney. They're detectives!
Aimee Bender, Lev Grossman, Anne Rice... excited to get a peek into those twisty minds of theirs at the LA Times #bookfest tomorrow!
bad luck sucks!!!
I understand and agree that using are talents would have greater rewards than a mark on a card
I regret not being at #sagecon. Let's start one, an #openscience news svc if not journal
Cat rescued during drug bust tests positive for meth
yea they do that here in NY also lames!
ha! Will have to buy a beer for that
I saw your s/o but work kept me too busy to tweet. What's good?
I will! Love you lady :)
hope yall feel better!
I'm asleep you Dum Dum.
is making apple crisp with cranberries and chrystallized ginger. M, can't wait to eat it with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
Listening to my playlist.
Pdx super busy right now, any idea why?
Battlefield Concept art images released. Check out or site for the story.
I dont understand how I wake up so early after only getting 2-3 hours of sleep each night
Oh Kuffs! Youre like the poor mans Beverly Hills Cop but with a white guy! What a twist!
D'aw. Thanks for the well wishes.
Ha! That's true. I do have a dog-child daughter already!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY X
Finally its raining. I can finally get that work done that I've been putting aside for a non-perfect day.
One of the greatest joys known to man is to take a flight into ignorance in search of knowledge. Robert Lynd
#CNN U.S. and international intelligence agencies have broken up an attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner-U.S. counterterrorism official
yeah tell me your name on here & i'll find you
first ride since france. 85k solo. only 31-37 celsius today. missed my crew from france. and mexican coca-cola eased my pain.
Horrible headache, been watching family jewels all day.
It's possible to survive Los Angeles without a car- it's just not possible being happy while you're doing it.
following back :*
I love my boo
We walkin' to your house? Or are we gonna take the bus?
i love it when new shoes come with a free sample of hair repair
I've followed daily, "The Book of Awaking" now the end is nearing... what will mornings be without it.
I find it very entertaining to watch girls argue and fight in heels
Okay; Once and for all, here's the question. Who's the best all- around player in the NBA? (right now)
everything's good,how bout u? Last time I saw u, u were drunk off a 1/4 glass of wine lol
"Do cats really need rescuing? Can't they just, like, live?" - during an ASPCA ad
No problem! Excited to see which animal joins the crew this year :)
I'm at New Hope Metro and yes I'll be preaching. Thx!
So psyched.. I'm finding out Monday where I'll be placed for ! Woohoo!
possibly...but only if the music is good enough, if it's mediocre...then sex sells
put me on the train
"She doesn't know how to read a PDF, doesn't want to be an internet marketer— but she needs something like this —this makes her vulnerable."
have u considered doing a song with kids bop
Seeing all these songs that were written in '09 and now still singing them in '12.. pls dont change!! U mean the universe 2 us
That was very much needed ☺😌
Sorry, I know it's not for everyone... :) Some people will really appreciate it!
u fucking lame. At home chilling. U?
quick trip to #NYC next week (#manhattan area). any #restaurant suggestions with good #food & #wine?
Have a safe flight!
Thank you :))
Nice! RT : the espresso bacon was delicious, it really complimented the smokiness & accentuated the bacon flavor.
In the business, that is known as a tease ;)
I know, I'm seriously obsessed with her dress!
Im Finna Fuck U.Hahahaha.What It Is.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Depression is just anger without enthusiasm.
been in bed all day
I'm saying, #Koreatown, where the live music gonna be at on Valentine's Day? Who's playing??
I hate when I'm waitin on an email, get a message, and its "your daily diet tracker". So NOT what I was waiting for.
Obama claimed he was going to help the Volk, but he was financed by Volkswagen.
looking forward to that.... take care....
#OneThingILove is when we gain new followers!
I had to do something to check the WiFi this morning :-)
bui you think it's ironic the heats beat the bulls hip.
haha I totally forgot about our coke bet!
I always skip the fallen comrades part when I need to catch up. Sorry.
Where have you been, miss?!
All this drama is going on and I'm just sitting here like "I like turtles."
We meant it's lame that he passed! Can you clear that up? You've unleashed the hate! ;-)
S/O TO MEMPHIS
I love a parade.
Just buy a fucking a iPod touch
has returned to my big leather chair & we're now deciding who he should marry. Candidates?
I'm sorry it's Dan Wheldon
Hey Betty White ~ Enjoy getting roasted and toasted tonite. You deserve it. We love you.
The last few summer days ahead....go to Emerald City Smoothie, University District in Seattle to get a refreshing treat!
thanks :p
lol she's not out of this world!
We're open at 6am this morning.
I wish Ron Paul would call it the war on people who use drugs, instead of the drug war.
I miss hanging out with
I spend my whole day every day not watching porn.
amazing music!
A3: Perception is important because it determines how people view you. Act toward and around you.
And an bag in the hand! lol... RT even MORE bootylicious with an hoodie HA!
Since when is it cool to just say out of the blue that you hate your life?
Quite upset I missed the social media forum. Totally forgot.
We are excited for the meet & greet with our bachelors & bachelorettes tonight at zenden. Thanks !
Mom....Dad.....I'm no longer the boy ur used to seeing, I've changed alot.. Plus I've come to HATE every human being..
Of course, followed :3
Back at se #alhfam meeting this am, discussing secretary of the interior's standards for historic preservation
oh ! they are the best of friends! 🐶💓🐶
SPECIALS!!! FREE FREE FREE POSTERS WITH PURCHASE.. ASK ME HOW?
Was on the plane, headphones on, avoiding the UNC score, watching the game on replay in disbelief right now y'all!!
Its supposed to be 60 degrees and sunny today in the #NYC area. Time for all of those awesome #outdoor #homeimprovement jobs
Capital Brewing Supper Club: "Not Bad". Not good either...
Congrats to my boys AND #DRose for their big wins today !!!
HAIRSPRAY IN MY EYES. HAIRSPRAY IN MY EYES. FUCK. ACID. ITS FUCKING ACID.
Jane Lynch welcomes us back to the Modern Family Awards, then intros crazy Charlie Sheen.
haha oh yeah...and continued to squeeze out the rest of the frosting and eat the batter...hope she doesn't get salmonella
you too(:
lol good advice. Already got two Vicodin scripts when I went in for pain haha
Why does everyone have to go to sleep before me.
keep your head up. Think like this "whatever people think about me is none of my business " :-)
ok really you stay tweetin about and its annoying !!
I'll be your teenage dream tonight.
#confession when I'm home alone and bored... I chase my dogs around the house because it's fun and it gets them all worked up! Haha :)
such a nice day, and im cleaning? damn
People make time for who and what they want to make time for.....
#ihatewhen dudes excuse their behavior "she a hoe", what if that hoe is stupid enough to think that your gonna be different than the rest.
Thanks!! :) SO happy! RT Congrats on finishing up your #emac capstone!
HI! :-) It's going. Still waiting to put up the website. Paperwork takes forever! How's the conference? Miss ya!
Thanks..good afternoon now..lol :)
They fcked up they song .. /:
you already know
this made me giggle-snort
Chics w/ Chics in The Gym!! :( No WorkOUT BUDDEE
m bossa nova! make me feel better!
: Try Reading Town Square. The friendliest, most efficient staff in town. It's like a mom & pop theatre.
Remember that creating mobile pages should be an iterative process.
original artwork created for George Lucas will be at our #charity #NYE #party events. Cool stuff!
is reverting to pen and paper for a things to do list today. What to start first???Yowzers!
People couldn't do nothing about me so they put the devil on me - Jay Z
Little over a week until the Mad Men premiere. Can't! Wait!
I will;)
... and will continue to do so if this laryngitis goes away! People say it's very quiet here right now. ;-)
#MKEfoodies2012 just ordered a round of oysters. First time having oysters EVER... Follow up to come.
It is a 5K run with boot camp style obstacles and mental challenges. I watched the video looks tough but fun :)
#DailyRebellion: Take an extra-long lunch break.
thanks Courtney! Love you too!
That would be some interest effects!
not yet but that would be great!
Listening to Dog Days are Over always gets my energy up. Taking on an exciting new project today
your tweets always make me literally laugh out loud. Thank you.
Swayzee stew pipes. -Julia
I haven't been on twitter as much of late and I'm trying to cut back being so attached to my email.
Thank You ZdMann for the Retweet from March 31st! Much appreciated!
Night was to short ::whew::
Meetup Bike and Hike canceled for tomorrow. It may happen the following week.
Oh! sit down! touch down!
It's partner day! Epicom is gearing up for a big week at
McGill is a little more than her normal crazy today
#HillerHelps - Discernment counseling can be used to see if an objective person thinks your marriage can be saved.
SHOW UPDATE: We are performing @ The Sanctuary Friday, Aug. 26th Hit us up for discounted tickets.
all the dirty birds are cuffed && All the wife material are single. ppl going out this world ass backwards lol RNS
And thatv show is over, you responded to late next show nov28th
Arsenal might as well be Swansea City according to the "experts." Gunners disappointing, but let's drag em through the mud week 2.
Congrats! RT Great night! Dinner, drinks, conversation and & I won a $40 cert. playing "name that tune"
how about you let me know, and i'll have the popcorn waiting and a big plate of oreos and milk with your name on it ;)
Hey guy, come love me.
Happy birthday Mema! RIP
great story on espn! Continued luck with everything!
Til I Die
Someone just asked me if I was manorexic because I turned down a piece of cake. Good god it's to early for cake.
school officially starts back tomorrow... let the countdown til spring break begin
RT : Another successful night
No, I don't hate you.hahaha
The Mayor is in bed. Get out of my bar.
I JUMPED THE GUN LITTLE GUY HIT A BUMP IN RECOVERY
great job on !
Hello London! - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Love your city and your country!
The best part of my Tuesday every week is watching #smash from the night before.
thanks, looking forward to it!
If I don't know you don't Call me at work.
and santorum on the end?
: I spy with my little eye two military choppers over downtown #Chicago right now Shared via TweetCaster
So glad you were there! Thank you! RT : Enjoyed my time with you brilliant ladies at #evaustin last weekend!
Yi Kidong's scholarship never ceases to amaze me.
haha. I've sent you at least 5. So lonely...
Now, for a very limited time, raspberry pancakes!
word of wisdom
Remember when used to have auctions in Chicago? Oh yeah.
Lebron forgot to take his talents to Indianapolis this road trip.
ill be back before ya know it bro. Rekindle things with !
Don't you be holding back your love
I love you too sis :)
My heart is so heavy tonight as I close a chapter of my life and trust that God will work it for His glory
Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central LA/ Today was a Good Friday -
3AM wake-up in New York. LAX at 10:30. Meeting in Orange, CA at 1:00. Huntington Beach by 4:00.
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
Oh Lord, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth. -Psalm 8:9
Course level structures for blending - blend students in online setting with f2f students.
"Don't confuse having less with being less, having more with being more, or what you have with who you are." ~ Noah Benshea ;) x
what's good?
Our business is about technology, yes. But it's also about operations and customer relationships. - Michael Dell
be prepared to get
Work 'em hard, bro. Traps are dense, and lazy. =) Be safe. Enjoy
yeah I usually expect Office Space to be at the top of most people's lists, lol I forgot about Grandma's Boy
WHAT??? RT : Today I use LOTS OF CAPITAL LETTERS. It is THAT KIND OF DAY.
Share with me...what were you born to do and are you doing it?
Excited & proud to have signed with ! New job starts 2day, & rehearsals 4 a new vocal group 2night!
I legit just laughed so hard at that drawing! The parse act she captured your alls pose is phenomenal.
Big Day at Vampire Weekend Big Room around 2p and Sold Out Show at the LC tonight!
Mushroom risotto has calories?
Do midgets drive lowriders?
HBCU Tour and Ultrasound mixtape finally done deals!! Get back at ya with dates, times, and venues!!
ALL OF THE KIDS WIT THA PUMPED UP KICKS.
Feeling shitty. Had a second job interview today. Spontaneous thing. Thought I had it in the bag-someone put dog poop in that bag lol
Equally disappointed :-(
Good question. RT: How did we get 12 members into the van? Watch the newest episode to find out.
right on
twitpic RT : I love dressing fly
Jhawks cleaned up on Big 12 awards
#MyCelebCrushIs !!!! But you all already knew that. Hell, let's throw in a little , and
Remember to check out the Lighting the Way trailer, and head over to the DC premier (March 25th) if you are in the area!
Finally at Camp Quantico!
You know your fat when you have to text someone to get you some chick-fil-a ;)
I worked last night. But I'm going to my HS friend's surprise bday party tonight. Then back to work again. Sheesh! :D
your amazing!! <3 you(:
Tom doesn't want to know what the people have to say, so he uses user style sheets to hide them on news sites.
Dear random kids standing outside my house, Leave. Thank you very much
We didn't do anything for Easter I guess my childhood is offically over...
do you know what a #hashtag is?
good luck
For 2 years lint has been collecting inside the ENTIRE cavity of dryer. Hoses were never connected! Potential for fire was huge.
LA Miami is getting the academy award. Dallas will try unsuccessfully.
Finally got twisted up lookin fresh!!!
I want to win the arcade
. has had some sick giveaways recently. Their latest one: 40 books for #Entrepreneurs - appsumo.com/~5mC1
YES, WE NEED A PRIVATE JET WITH BEDS...OH BEDS ARE HEAVEN!!! LOL...
Thanks for one of the funniest segments I've heard in a while.
Ayoo! Lol we're too funny..like we weren't just on the phone talkin business lol
haha fag boy:p
I just wish you understood.
SMH come on you can"t tell me this game aint fix
Haste in every business brings failure.
I miss you too hunnie!!! I had a dream about Miami last night! We are all so busy :/
- OH OH! Rip Obama and save our economy!
I may or may not write a song today. It may or may not be in Spanish.
has everyone checked out all the music videos we've produced? now in HD at www.silverproductionsmv.com
any friend of is a friend of ours. love that big lug, we're old pals from ohio.
Mother’s Day is just around the corner on May 13th. Don’t forget to treat your mom to a special gift this year - a Massage Envy Gift Card!
Hellzapoppin featuring music by Camdon Scott (American Idol Semin Finalist) starts @ 9.........
I do agree that I don't REALLY like any of our choices at eleven. I think anyone is a 'stretch'... Loving the trade <
Faculty do not distinguish by format, librarians/archivists must be able to be fluent in all formats.
": Admit it, you should be doing something really important right now, but you're on Twitter instead." Yes, homework. Uff!
I had my tweets protected for like 40 mins . I cant live that life . . lol .
DailyHookahTip#124: Don't use wind covers indoors, they tend to over-roast the shisha, resulting in harsh hits.
that's just plain weird
Just having other moms listen when I was having a bad day, how they had been there too & I was not a bad mom helped tremendously
haha just someone i go to school with :)
Awww, you made my day! Thanks!! Happy Easter to both of you!!
we Ridin out this weekend lol
Tired of these social networks they just not like face to face communitcation its just the right way to communitcate
My girlfriend beat my school tonight 4-1. Can't decide if I'm happy or not? Who would you cheer for?!
Is social media helping racism to become performance art?
Thanks so much for coming in Lyndsey! How did the apartment search go?
wuz up bro been a min
Cold Showers, no stove, no heat...ugh I always have gas when I want it least but where is it when I need it the most?
Thanks! RT : Love your Startup Foundation Ad!
Painting the guest room in anticipation of your visit. Also may have a new sofa for the rec room!
RT Can't say THIS enough. Sennheiser HD 555 >
the reference to the origin of the practice is interesting - never thought about it.
Haha. Love it!
I hope the Army is ready for me! 😏
it's spacious enough.
Big game for Packers next monday!! Can't wait!!
#YouKnowYourAnOldMahomie when you remember the day Austin posted the video saying he was home schooled now
thanks for the follow :) i'm excited to learn from #smss12, too!
Ask , if she hasn't passed out drunk yet.
Lets go #Bucks, don't be 'Bucks-like" and give up this lead to lose the game
I can do so much better !
Wow, when are you moving here?
Today is my mom's birthday. Happy Birthday mom! Today is also my puppy's BD. He's a year old. Happy BD Davie!
Two Playboy playmates just walked in the office wearing matching red sweatsuits. They look tired and used.
baby , can i get a refill ?
and I will be there! Looking forward to it. (cc: )
YES RT : Brilliant idea! RT : Q2 - If its a gas BBQ organize a place to store a spare gas bottle,
Ask about the neighbirs upstairs RT : David Bowie Portishead Brian Eno Listening Party.
