What's up with Bleach on Hulu? Just finished 189, and 190 starts in the middle of a different story with no subtitles!
sure that works!
#BnBWed At G bar at 225 W 19th. Incredibly packed and were about to move on
Just Got In Our Latest #Skincare Line, , In #Flatiron! Drop By For Samples & A Consultation!!
Wonder how long this vid is going to take to upload to YouTube from my phone...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!! 4
crossing our fingers that we'll be hearing back from you. awesome giveaway!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 6
Looks like you've been hacked--changing your password would probably be a good move.
i love pizza well, i love italian food well, i love ANYTHING italian hahah especial italian boys :) <3
Long day in davis...time to nap it off and then get focus faced
Thanks Jeremy. It was much appreciated.
loving sophie and bugsy!
This is one true.
I woke up at 6 am to finally try and catch up on wedding planning...not ideal yet so necessary
Having a really messed up day...cnt take no more stress
It's been a long time since I been on a date! I should take myself to the movies tonight! 😏
Ok maybe next time. :-)
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
That Chicharito injury is why you hold on to Dimitar Berbatov. Hard to keep a big name on bench but he was always bound to come in handy.
great tweet sam - thx for sharing! i always learn so much from your posts & tweets.
just checked out your music and it's amazing!!
Can't build a empire on a weak foundation
im actually SO proud of you for stepping in on the disney situation. you're an inspiration, keep speaking up girl <3
Options can be used to create cash from stock assets in a variety of market conditions
Doing my taxes finally (I owe) and as I get the bad news, my iTunes shuffle starts Imperial March from ESB.
Ikno love crazy so I ain't even gon judge you , really had love for you wasn't just trynna f#ck you but you be dumb if you want to .
I fuckin luv you Daniel!!! You are amazing!!!! <333
RT "social tv is growing faster than twitter and facebook" - Our on stage now discussing the feedback loop of
Demos are 10-deep with interested onlookers here!
commercial real estate #CRE is doing fabulous in NM - apartments are hot! hows your business?
about that. I plan I hanging there till 8ish at least.
Do you have experience in #health and #technology and are a seasoned writer? Msg me for details on guest blogging for !
You guys hear Snooki stole a baby?
haircloth berrylike: Vonage reports $14 million in income, loses ...
a girl thinks im cute :o what the heck!
I just want to take the time to appreciate you b/c you're amazing <3 I love you soo much. I hope you succeed! xoxo
Hope im not worrying for nothing!
Pretty cool, huh?! :)
We got into a film festival, might go to San Diego
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live- G.Flaubert
Will do! Wanted to see how this one went first :)
Awesome! Nice pic...i wanna ride!
u still on sexy
"eveybody's trying to fuck Jesus" -
Johnny 5 still alive.
very important to say YES to what u want & NO to the other
straight up now tell me do you really want to love me forever?
Going to watching Starcraft 2 commentaries.
This EDC is totally your scene lmao!! E bomb!! Fire in the hole! 
Need too pee
stop it
I pray heavenly father asking u to bless those who has cursed & hurt me. I thank GOD for my trials & I honor u through showing love to all!!
MT : Want to help with zombie makeup for the Zombie Walk? Email to be a volunteer on…
The problem isn't writing about a writer; it's writing a character who does what you do may be writing one who won't do what you won't.
Happy Holidays 2 all of u
please follow me ariana: )
I just heard someone say "and a 1000 migwetches to everyone here"
AND all the panelists are here - VERY glad. I'm so over the no-shows. Too many panels with one or two speakers here this weekend.
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Thxful 4 true friends! Always have my back!
Hard work pays off folks. Pay your dues and you will be rewarded.
Everyone Thinks i Should Do Acting? Ha ! Que Fonni!
blah, lowkey annoyed.
Saw The Help today. Just. So. Good.
U2 ;D
despite living in switzerland and seeing plenty of snow, this florida girl is still in awe and loves watching the snow fall
Is anyone else completely baffled by the editing on Fashion Star? They just leave contestants out as they seem fit. :-/
you're from Australia?!?
Sunday Sauce kickoff was a huge success. Thank you to everyone who came out tonight.
I encourage each and everyone of you to seek out opportunities to Elevate Others, in both your professional & personal lives. It is Amazing…
I DID! how do I know if im in the first 400?
Doing laundry watching "The Dead Files".
congrats, honey boo boo child!!!!
love OVs skating so far
Okay, okay, cool :D I'm so sorry about this :(
They say 2's company and 3 is crowd. Well fuck company cuz I like to socialize
Please send us a direct message with your contact information and we'll call you asap. Again sorry for the delay.
If she only knew..
Blaise Pascal: Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, happiness, which is everything in this world.
Where's the show kids?!?! We need to have you come back to this summer! Bring !!
Social media ROI is still evolving, but most promising form may come in form of savings.
wide-eyed walker, don't betray me, i will wake one day, don't delay me
Why do my cinnamon-apple empanadas taste fishy? Because they are, in fact, CRAB empanadas. Proves everything tastes good with ice cream!
me neither! ;)
Nice to see you are on twitter!
Wish I could join the #Little5 festivities this week but instead I work and have school
Welp, since I've been wide awake since like 4 I guess I'll go into work early? Frees up my afternoon at least...
Fair enough RT : Mormons, I don't hate u 4 your beliefs. Believe what u want. I hate u bc your faces interrupt my shows on Hulu
so you payed thousands of $ for him to sub to you? Hahahaha people are so stupid!
RT : I should've been there! "Harkens back to unconference topic from yesterday about relevance of online collections.
My pleasure.
The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other
Enjoy an Easter picnic in the park courtesy of the Cassa Hotel. Each picnic basket for 2 includes brunch breads, pastries & a picnic blanket
“: I really wish I had a twin” it's awesome, right
dying over here already and it's only 7. Gonna be a long night. Just hope we win to make it all worth it!
We used to sip 4-5 oz. cocktails (coming back, tho!), many complex and savory (low cal!). Girly name, hugely complex: Pink Gin.
organization is key
Wisconsin, you're just... Good!!
hm then mac n cheese:) hahaha :P
Big happy birthday S/O to turning 21!
just voted!! can we text in votes too??
I'm addicted to this, I can't
q2b) Train them how to map content to LOs
Hangin' at Element not far from #goosehollow. New bar. Nice drinks.
Workin on the birthday :/
I Like Muffin Tops,Buttered Toast,Milk Vodka, Saggy Mud Flop Boobies and Skiping To My Lou Down The Street
CNBC intro music: Long Way Down-Goo Goo Dolls....
to see. Specifically some friends from Louisiana are bringing a show
your performs on the KCA's was AMAZING!!! I was screaming in my house!!!!! Hahahah
I always get so much more done on the weekend. usually what would normally take at least 4 days!
Yes it is Josh!!!
things are looking up
Mutual agreement with value is a brand, relationship.
Congrats on the handsome son!!!!
i know i just find it ironic
What's your favorite grab and go breakfast place in Seattle?
It's a great day to take photos outside:) its so nice outside.
Do it! Do it! Do it! #GetSeanAndAlexaAPuppy! 😝😉
you and Carlos?
Running away like Zola - Times LIVE
Why use Indigo Mortgage? Because we are 100% certified NMLS (National Mortgage Licensing System) and you deserve the very best!
Oh come on rain! Some people have outside bike ride trainings to do! Oh well, I guess gym it is...
that or snorting a line of digital humanities. #mw2012 (the hard part is no one seems to be able to tell you what DH -is- ;))
3 paintings and 3 drawings packed up and shipped out to Santa Fe for a figurative show.
Maan what happened to my real niggaz
I've been thinking about this tweet. I'd love to see a reimagined "Fences" for 2012.
Im so proud of you <33 You kicked ass, you always do!! I love you gorgeous!!
Awww shit! I just made a dick move :/
lmao people think that?! That's so dumb like we like music for the sound and lyrics and whatever... #bitchesbetrippin ahahaha
or in the process you talk about something you forgot you didn't tell them about and they flip out... Haha <3 LOVE YOU!!!
Happy 'Distraction Free' Friday to you! #DFF :-) RT : Thanks for the mention ! Happy Friday!
Delicious summer evening... spent unlocking the secrets of Beethoven's pristine 4th piano concerto!
Baseball and softball size #hail here in Pharr, TX...from the sound of it my car is gonna be totalled.
I am GIVING UP
we have it every week
Hey Pimp in the box PLEASE STOP PLAYING THAT CALL I nearly ran off the road & my eyes r watering because of that call. WAR Glob War
Listening to 1D :)
IT 'S OFFICIAL: Kim Kardashian Ends The Show For Kris Humphries! (DETAILS) Summary: Kim Kardashian rushed to Minnesota to get closure fr
- You could win an iPad2 if you show up! Huge incentive!
#nwill2011 - wanted to update more regularly, take advantage of online tools, keep evaluation/assessment mechanisms with the training docs
you need to be a player in an active game to post scores (jmaqr)
thank you !:)
gonna try my hardest not to cry when i listen to #TurnToYou....but i know im gonna fail lol why do you do this to me
New changes to our menu are in progress. Come see the unique dishes our chef's have created.
Caquan/Mark/Andrew - Happy Veterans Day! Please know Americans agree on one thing - we appreciate you and pray for your safe return home
what ever you say i mean you are the smart one
You're very welcome. I'm glad you liked the book!
Ok now I'm sick of ppl asking me wht school I go to or whatever, damn it I graduated.
A putt to win the #Masters? I would be getting sick on the 18th.
hee hee RT : g'night to you too. Excited for you re: Android shirt. ;-)
let's make a record called "Honey Tracks"
- lol you always are !
best one yet? “: Petrino's girlfriend was offered a 1st class ticket out of Arkansas. She declined, stating "I only ride coach!"
Since when you even cared? Since when you gave me a chance? Since when you treated me as a friend? Since when? Haizz..
ily , imu , i luv you , love you < fuck that, if you mean it , say it RIGHT.
I started as a Mage, duel casting, destruction and healing. It rocked. Think I'm going assassin now.
Sonic the Hedgehog 4: Episode 2 came out today.
"I Wish" stuck in my head. <3
If Washington doesn’t act by July 1st, nearly 40k NM students will see their loan rates go up
teens react to Epic Rap Battles of History !!
We've also got Griffin Sharps From Oracle's Hamlet. AND the musical stylings of Library Ghost. It's all tonight, It's all free. check it out
The suspense is killing me!
wazzup!!! can u plz follow me??:O:D
That's because you hang out with #sabermeteric geeks!!! No Saber guy has won the Tournament to date...
#FF a few excellent #cycling people:
Tonight is awesome. Haha
The modal student right now is working and going to school to obtain their education.
The love of my life took me to hear David Wilcox in concert tonight for my bday.
Looking like a very short #chulavista council meeting tonight. One public hearing, contin. to 5/22. Already into councilmembers' comments.
If I talk about it, it might jinx it!!!
So happy to see you it's been much to long! Say hi to
And ME!
dont call him a dog im sure he likes to be called a bitch lol no sorry its a jk
oh wow... Thing of beauty.
just heard on .npr that interior secretary salazar had a major natural gas announcement. Shouldn't he keep that to himself?
Dissecting History
what do u have better to do I know bowlhogs but after that ur free
I gotta testify for the day I die ima touch the sky !!!!
Congratulations to The Portland Bottle Shop for your mention in the Devour section of the WW. Well done!
ah I can't wait that long! Are you going for sure?
Wait...does have a new mixtape coming out??
The New York Rangers are on their way folks
may need to make some sleepy time tea and force myself to sleep.
Thanks so much for the shoutout! Hoping to get more content up there soon :D
Passed pen and paper and have now completed Masters in Special Education with emphasis in severe disabilities as well a gifted education.
independents in the so called "pro marriage" camp have a reason to vote Romney.
its really great wit breakfast also
Just finished 9 mile run - time to recover!
2morrow u bring 1dollar 2 school and u can where any cartoon character shirt I'm dressing up spongebob shirt and spongebod hat and glasses
If Tammy was my friend whenever we going out to classy places she will get curved..
people really snitch on the limit?
Dear , I want you to give a seat, but make the man buy his own #Redbull. It's the least he can do.
Oh come on, it wasn't that bad! We had to be "creative" with our diet. Don't worry, I'll opt 4 the real thing now.
So tough! We actually have a post coming up soon on this very topic. Stay tuned! Best #nachos in
LAX is pretty bad.. D'OH!
THANK YOU to all the volunteers who worked so hard to gather over 1 million signatures for the
thank you! :)
Do you think she was the best choice? Some tweeters felt the performance should've been longer. Was the tribute rushed?
I want adventure in the great wide somewhere.
Michelle Bachmann sucks! Is there anyone who likes her?!
beautiful picture!
Thank you. Appreciate the follow up. I'm going to reach out shortly. Talk soon.
Trying out toe clips on my bicycle. Hoping to minimize the time spent lying on my back, in the road, like a turtle.
This is the 6th thanksgiving iv worked.
At BIM505. Albuquerque's premier BIM Group!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Why can't all girls have blonde hair and nice butts?
if i was making a website called mahonebook(:
Watching Space Jam haven't seen this movie since I was a kid
WE will lose more jobs if v do not assemble the best of usa to deal with serious issues. Do not ignore long term thinking.
It's an excellent name for a girl or a boy.
If this is ur pathetic attempt 2 draw attention 2 urself 2 gain more followers...it didnt work..and u look LAME.
Thx for the Sunday love Big Leo!
It's going to be a great weekend in Atlanta for
Billy Crystal! I hope this is his best on-screen turn since Miracle Max happened <3 #Rememberthat?
Leave them heels on and take everything else off.
Create space for another perspective or point of view. It can be remarkably freeing, and fun.
In love or just being tricked?
Im eating sabritones :)
Stop using so many fucking question marks.
i saw that bomb!
Long Island -> New Paltz
CORRECT: If u was really @ the club u would not be on twitter homie lol!!! When I'm at the club everybody n the club gettin tipsy lol
PickUpLine: I love you! Your place or mine?
I used to want to punch cyr in the face when he'd say "time to fail them all, or just ms. Velasquez"
evening walks with are like therapy. too many laughs to count!
Cross your fingers for no earthquakes today; I just paid for 4 hours of parking under the viaduct.
#Aquarians have something that you won't find in others. The mind, the body, the kind heart and the intense loving they'll give you
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
that was a negative comments towards u in any way not sure if it seemed that way
“: should put up some live performances on YouTube!”
Waut I never heard him say that but you are my go to person on Shane lol
know an app for that?
for wat so u can get all da girls dey gone b like i cant talk to bryant u crazy u seen wat he did to tay gul👀
Want more people to like you? It's simple. Buy tickets to see us this saturday at . It's gonna be the grandest of times!
You're lucky to have flex time! Sounds like a good balance. Have a great weekend!
Look forward to meeting Ben Stone from this morning Good to get an extra set of eyes on a work in progress!
Did you Move to Miami??(:😚
I can't wait for You should go follow or die in a hole!! :)
despite administration or dire structures, gthe library had an aura of "you want to be there"
Lesson of the day: It is phonetically impossible to word a haiku in Dutch.
Ryan is particularly interested in the cigarette butts!
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69$ Divorce. Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
: Boring, no but I'm sure you're felonious in thought.
Just bought a camera.
Fabry Live appearance is Tue Jan 24 at 3 pm EST. taking calls starting at 4 pm. Hope you will listen and call!
sunny welcome to new followers and
RT - Adam Everett on my flight to Cleveland. Has been DFA'd by Indians. Not sure of his next step. Maybe retirement. Going...
ty! can't wait to play next sunday:) wish i could play more. gotta keep growing my wsop br.
He probably strikes out a lot less than Kemp too.
"all the drugs i abused, and im still not amused." -Blue Sky Black Death
Friday evening traffic in #Lacey...I know the Lacey City Council Trans Cmte is working on it...Oops they haven't met but twice this year...
When US military says action is by 1 soldier only - don't blame all of us, over a billion #Muslims think "that sounds familiar"
Big time #collegefootball so needs a #playoff system. But for now we have the Big crock of S*** otherwise known as the BCS. Hahaha
Heading up to Manhattan in a week...it better be cold. The bitter cold that bites your nose in New York City...
where is your new place Regina?
Christian Dan lost this week....What should his punishment be?? 222-6000
"Giving a TED talk has become the Oscar fantasy for smart people" -
Hi. Nice to find you here. Jaren (blip:qvigear ). Peace. Love, Health, Happiness.
note to self: bug alana about music in 2 weeks
Goodnight. 5 am will come early for the drive to Connecticut
I love u is the biggest lie told a day RT if u agree x
Having fun! Great show!
1 for the Money, 2 for the Cash... If they ain't saying #yes tell em kiss my ass.
First, we must admit that Information is subject to the laws of Entropy.
Make sure to check out for the Boston flashmob. I can't go which is very depressing but it'll be fun! So go and join! x
What's your call for the game tonight? I say #HEAT!
RT : All I can control is the game face I bring to the table. The rest is about influence.... And attitude!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Needs more...panache. And gifs. Possibly kittens.
The window cling will stay up but may be hard to attach in the good window even for being on the inside.
des is fucking through
Just got back from walking with my F-R-I-E-N-D-S at a garage sale... bought the cutest piggy bank. :) Getting ready for a b-day party. <3
#iphone 4 or #droid bionic? I use my phone for everything - social media, texting, email, web, Outlook...
Lunch at Dairy Queen in Crystal City! Next stop Eagle Pass. Trivia: Some of No Country For Old Men was filmed there.
Disruptions: Innovation Isn't Easy, Especially Midstream - New York Times (blog)
Your self-driving cars link looks interesting, but it's a 404 error page. Self-driving cars need to be prioritized & implemented
I got my phone back girrlll(:
We are the variation of a community college, a technical college. My dept. does have some online but I won't do them.
Often silence is the best response to a question that is beneath one's dignity!
I'm looking forward to watching the softball game tonight !
Thank you!! Yes indeed, it does. I thought you might have info on your site, but couldn't think where to look.
Watching THS "Britney Spears"
I answered the Devils & Phoenix questions... anymore nuggets of wisdom on there I should answer?
Seriously, you and M should come out here for a little trip in Feb or March. Lots to see and we can put you up.
Silver Stars shooting poorly. Seattle Storm lead 38-22 at halftime.
Doing nonsense and bumpin The Doors.
Dentist again
wow, they're ace. Wait - you just made me get an app. Bastard.
back up in tha shop.. come through !
im busy
ya i am! i'm going to stay here most of it and vist my friends in atlanta for like a couple of weeks though
What colors are you going to be rocking this spring? Tweet us!
Let's Go Murray State I've got you going all the way.
Fuck my iPhone fell out of my pocket on the way out >.> at least it only added a lot more personality to the case :/
thanks. It was tasty...but brandy ended up working better than rye whiskey. Very Wisconsin German!
Kansas with the
dear god
Thanks so much for thinking of me.
found a bunch of new books to read and to order for our library from the galley chat with
There is no crime in being kind 😃
me too! That house was amazing!
Your in Spy Kids 4. That's what happend to you.
My camera app on my iPhone isn't working…
“: Didn't you struggle to win agianst UNC at home last year? The same team UNLV beat easily.”<<How'd that work in March?
I can't sleep...... So I'm laying in bed bored out of my mind.
which location? Bummed to read this tweet.
aw thanks so much for the shoutout!
hahaha yup I know. I can't even remember what I put in, I think it was one of our weird monkey stories hahahaha
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~ Thomas Edison
If I were still in the media in AZ I'd closely study the exit poll data from yesterday to grasp the mood of the public.
I like the new design of website but my computer doesn't like it and won't let me pull up my town's weather :(
i wish i had friends from school that lived in my neighborhood besides the ones that do.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage
Nice job Eagle. Retweeting other news organizations breaking news is a good idea and smart way to create value. Nice.
May 22? Busy? Sponsor our tournament? Bring some weiners for our hungry playas? (21-35 yr olds that love 2 party). Yes?
Anyone interested in our "coffee and conversation" series coming up soon? Send me a message for more information!
Your welcome(:
thanks for fallowing!
Ik exactly what im getting myself into
What's good last-minute and easy tailgating food to feed 6? Something like a bucket of chicken, only not that...
Is there really any other stylish sorbet & gelato around? will be kickin' it in the #MomsFF Secret Style Suite!
EXTO... blue sky very soon
Ewkk , I regret the time that I wasted in his ass
That's crazy! I read about a prof requiring iPads in China goo.gl/rREkq and immediately thought "That would never happen here!"
apparently they all were! Their tour manager/merch girl said they were excited to meet us. Michael came right over to us.
A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt
Would you like a presentation of what SimpleDL offers? DM me and we can schedule something.
Work on a rainy day.
♬ August 10th 1909 Leo Fender was born, Inventor of the Telecaster & Stratocaster Guitars. Leo died 21st March 1991 ♬
when you see a white guy running, what do people say?? "Run Forest, Run" ... You see a black guy running, " RICKYYYYYY!" lol
Bad decisions make better stories.
Treat yourself to #Free tix to MACBETH starring Ty Jones #NYC -- follow for more info
Anyone looking for an easy summer job where you get paid to have fun and party with friends? If so inbox me.
Whose stopping by the store today???
Life's tough. Get a helmet
<3 u too! :D i have about 100 pages left of super- loving it!
Facebook Fan Page Timelines are introduced - could this be the end of Landing Tabs? Marketers take notice.
at the LIBRARY . reading book *FART* woooppsieee >_<
Cheers. Have a great weekend :
Quick meeting, then off to the with to catch up with some friends! xx
Hahahaha yes! So appropriate.
alright OKAY that made my fucken night <33
Matt and I are coming up with company names. S&M Productions is probably our fave. LOL....
Hate leaving my mommy home alone "/
The Book Of Bees • Make My Movie
that was more like a walking dead zombie stumble medium-five.
TRUTH! Only because #DramaProm was a bit much. :) RT : I'm assuming #HHAwards is the hashtag de jour for tonight?
Yes, I will be there; hopefully on time. I'm thinking traffic to Stone Mountain is going to be a bit much...
Babies born with drug addiction, type of drug changing - KWKT
u seriously compare us to the #49ers please! Stay n yo lane this is the #Packers league n everybody else just n it! #Go Pack Go
is beyond annoyed right now...
RT : Dinner was so tasty. Thanks
:) RT Thank you so much Emily. You just sent that energy right back and I'm grateful. ThankYOU! #lovely xo
spread the word
Reinstall of Starcraft 2 done, super easy and no need for cd key or cd...I wish everything was that easy
Well off to bed I go.. Good Night Yal
Just did 75% of my Christmas shopping online... Ain't technology grand!
It's crazy how easily some friends forget you
in our world "pretty in pink" is a movie...
Day 2 of the Anime Con
[Psa91]as a member of 'the Church/SpiritualBody of Christ' we can call on FatherGod & HE answers/delivers/honors/satisfies us with long life
geez, well why dont you just cut off my penis next :/
sure am! With center grove
What is your intention for the week? Mine is gratitude - yeah everyone's saying it but is everyone doing it? Do it. It changes your life.
Reminisce what you've survived yields strength. Is that why the fuel tank is always in the back? Glance quickly to see how far you've come!
AMEN SISTA! RT : Maybe I should just stop talking to guys.
We're actually the largest free arts festival in America! See you there!
I ask that same question? Why
Happy Friday Everybody!
hey Christian please can you RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his own life Sunday please it would mean a lot
Man my phone I need a new phone forreal
Piranha happy hour with Betsy!!!
The #palmspringscrew is ready. e have plenty of Leine here or we will just drive to the #brewery & get it. How are teh #hotties?
You will love Best TV set up in town!
How to Grow Your Blogs Readership Through Offline Events-Justsmellsogood.com www.justsmellsogood-nation.com click and read
I miss u so much!! Call me my love!!
Brandon Marshall traded to Chicago for two third rounders via
Fantastic idea - I'm happily surprised at how many #iampr twitterers there are out there!
Brenda Braxton is trending in Portland did you see it ? if not you totally missed out on the greatest event in television history
can we just try to love each other - through EVERYTHING?
you really did it? Lol
Just call me
people still use google+? I kid, kind of...
i be Killing my lil bro Powerpoints... ok to sleep i go now... hope he happy
Yesterdays webinar opened up the eyes to hundreds of people allowing them the opportunity to be PROactive in their lives.
I just want to hit a nice ball. Lol
Penthouse in Brooklyn ? Okay I'll come !
Who's still voting on the TV Guide poll?
you asked if I like cum. I do indeed.
GLAMs should view Wikipedians as an e-volunteer program.
I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not. -Lucille Ball (My kind of gal!)
Thanks! I think Johnny is such a douche, so that makes me happy
Really cool to hear design critique of maps- ex. removing layers of data as you zoom out & emphasizing the info you want to display on map
well you shouldn't give up, you can always change for the better!
Fouls are only called on Lebron. Melo doesnt get the benefit even when he is clearly bumped out - UNREAL!
New country on HelpaLibrarian: Colombia! Welcome.
Time for some working out - run and a swim are the agenda for today!
You login and type it. We print it and mail it for you.
Whose good at drawing and wants to make money? Message me!
“: People are fist pumping. Happy thanksgiving, new jersey!” it's good to be home! Haha.
Congrats right back at ya! Let's plan a lunch or wine. Wanna talk more...
We're looking for Senior Federal Market Outside Sales Professionals 4 Time Top 10 "Fast 50" Company #microtechbuzz Top Comp$
caught me :)
- both at fault. Peyton hurried throw because of pressure, Wayne didn't cut in hard enough on the route.
That video was hilarious. xD Sad thing is a lot of girls do act like that ._.
Who is playing #madden today to get pumped for the #Superbowl ?
Who's shit list did Nene land on???
...for the show n he said yeah n I said n thanks for nye it was so funn he said ya we had fun too!!!! =D
Please follow her NOW please(; >>>>
Looking forward...
R.I.P Robert, we miss you!
omg what chNnel
Well he makes millions from Nike too. So I think he'll be fine.
it was so great to meet you yesterday! I loved hearing everyone talk about
Um, have I mentioned I'll be co-hosting #creativereads twitter chat this Tue @ 8 pm ET discussing 's #Imagine? Pls join us!
dang, yes they are ;)
Thelonious Monk on the dial,...bebop sha boom.
#usdla2011 box it.
Happy Birthday!
If your mktg materials color did not match in the woods by its self. Does it still mean your printer sucks?
lmao!!! now Chris it's going ta be aight, just take yo' meds get rested #BatAsylum then get your ass back
Why did the Easter Bunny quit his fast food job?....Because he didn't want to wear a HARE-NET!!!
American is...being at NASCAR, and drunk enough to spell it like that.
I wish it was appropriate to get super dressed up for concerts...
RT - Personally, I'm going to the Indians vs. Yankees game here in Cleveland with some friends! Can't wait! Any one e...
will there be pix on FB?
just did
My pupils feel quite tired today.
Fun Fact Friday: Spending on leisure travel generated $77.3 billion in tax revenue.
Im starting to wonder If u really mean what you say..
Made my way all the way up the toughest hill on our 20+ mile loop. Sign of fitness! OK, was gasping for breath. But still.
Great seeing you too! Sick as a dog now but hope 2 catch w/u again soon.
Not even gonna lie I'm tired ...
#6556 louis or jason(:
Just going to sit back tonight with my Great Lakes Burning River Pale Ale and enjoy Antonio Brown hitting 16pts on
Success - I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--which is: Try to please everybody.
Thank you! Feedback like that definitely encourages me to keep writing. :-)
Leadership Breakast Series continues- At Bubbys with &
picosos family pack $20.99 enchilada casserole,pintof beans, pint of rice 2litter pop we deliver call today picososmexicanfood.com
#ImHappyWhen I see my baby girl after a long day @ Wk!:-) :-) :-)
Touch it. Read it. Learn it. Teach it...Story of my life
#Flinttown was Pick City of the Day. Hope they're enjoying the 80 degree weather, that NEVER happened during my 18 yrs there!
Helped an elderly woman navigate my store.
Capt Mark Kelly just began his presentation. Had dinner w/him earlier. Signing books & shaking hands with a torn tendon in his arm.
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle
“: Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to getting your product!!” Thanks, Brian! Pre-order info online soon!
Ending the day talking/drooling over gear! #Yesplease!
My profile page is back to public...thank for small miracles.
thanks for following #palsloungeatl and all of your support!
Dear Twitterkins I wanna go out! Any takers... I mean possee sidekick protectors
Panama City Beach, I think. It's near Tallahassee.
Goal! Lead 3-2! Hey, You Suck!
I sent u my new number
breakfast in bed >>> #thankyoumommy. :)
I saw that, thank you for posting!!! Awesome, can't wait...
I see why that bitch is crazy
I feel like the Red Sox pitching staff is not emotionally or physically invested in winning baseball games.
have u seen apple studios or abbey road by any chance?
u tweeted!
Beautiful day! We were able to take the kids to the park and enjoy the warmth and sunshine! Now this is what I call winter!
And I was so proud of myself for not doing this in weeks
blessed bro Bout to drink this protein shake.
You got 5 seconds to enter the Deucebrand watch giveaway...enter now, halftime score of the spurs/clippers!!!! Enter now, last call...
Just made dinner & nail appt.now have to call hair & brows
So looking forward to school ending :)
Just bought my Earthquake preparedness kit...sure feels like it to me
gonna play some tunes in Marietta at the Wild Wing this evening
Teaching rookies how to use twitter <<<<<<<
I die. RT : Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day. -bo
cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast..
Coming into St. Petersburg from a 24hr drive! Driving over the Bridge now, made it safe on the road from Chicago:-) so excited!!
that's certainly true ;) But seriously, loved everything about Florence--food, art, sights
“: no its actually saturday.” oh okay thanks.
sometimes i get so lazy, i can't even watch tv. it's not lazy really, it's like mind-hope-hole. and instead all i can do is mind-think-fill.
That moment when you send a text to the actual person your talkin shit about on accident lmao
Yes, the old tweetdeck works nicely for my needs too.
yeah just go ahead and lie to the whole twitter community lol
I'm spoiled by flavor
This year’s winners were announced live at an awards ceremony on November 9 at the close of the Sales & Marketing 2
maybe 200 in attendance when I was there for the opener.
Now you talk to me no GTFO.
Tonight:Jim Ripp 6pm Josh Dupont 9pm no cover!
Animal Kingdom today...
''a prophet is never a prophet in his own hometown''
Lololol, it just so happened to be that I was sitting right by my ipod when you followed. xD
fucking mau. just follow me already ! :/
Is there a cure for #PTSD? Improvements, but we need more data.
if u don't think he raped her ur an idiot...he just has money to win...I guess my mind is right
You ask too many freaking questions.
Lmao don't care what he say or how he say , or how he say it that's why I fucks with him though !
I fucking hate it when she calls me out. -___-
Not gonna lie, Meat Men on is pretty entertaining to watch. I kind of want to be a butcher now.
Come on now!! $209,000 offer!! We outta here!
You can never see Cursive too many times (right ?). My birthday is during WPF, too. *fingers crossed*
I Know Who Killed Me sucked ASS!
oh, is it 11:20 already! :)
Do you like your coffee with cream, sugar, both or black?
wow that's amazing, it's like harlequin romance novels for men.
Kiss her like it's your 1st, hold her like u'll never get to hold her again, and cook 4 her w same Passion &excitement felt in those moments
I love the taste of blood in my mouth when you're knocking me out .
Tuesday is good. Wednesday the 14th is the Big 4! :)
True! Starbucks just seems to get me way more jittery than others :/. Sometimes that's useful... :)
#WaysToImpressMe don't try and impress me be your self and keep it 100 @ all times
Mike Holmgren was selected to Packers Hall of Fame, but honestly, we should bring the big walrus back. McCarthy doesn't know what he's doing
How did your semester go? Must be good to be home.
kayla burns like anyone knows u stop tweeting on my page or i will change my password
We're no good anymore.
Don't forget to follow us on twitter at WASenateDems!
And you have to admire how hard he's working to overcome his problems.
What's the point of taking public city transportation if the trip also involves thirty minutes of walking? Sigh.
#Imagine You feel two soft lips placed on your cheek and open your eyes. You see a pair of twinkling eyes. Liam:''Morning babe!''
Alright bitchez I'm live tweeting my train ride up to NY. Y'all better hope some wacky people sit around me or I'll have niete to tweet abt.
At a special church service for mothers day, brought my baby Jesus dolly. Breast fed it in the bathroom for old times sake.
what's your favorite track on
#StupidStuffPeopleInstagram A polluted Beach
I would but twitter isnt letting me follow anyone else until i get more followers WTF IS THAT ABOUT!?!?!?!?!?!
Thanks for the RT mention!
Now taking vitamins has become a health hazard...from now on I'm breaking them in half..but I did create a new dance! lol
RT : Shift your focus from problems to solutions, from fears to desired outcomes. ~
Do you know any Compensation Specialist? New jobs are posted on www.hrjobboard.com
if we don't have sex... then how do we have a sex life? haha
Just sent :) Thanks darling!
I'm really grateful to have amazing friends and family in my life to support me without judgements.
#tinnitus, (symptom) ringing in the ears. At times needed to be endured for the sake of a brother. =) Stay warm #Portland!
A yellow jacket ruined my tanning moment.
Helping families to detox their home and reclaim their health with online support, resources, organic and safe shopping. Plus a free ...
you capitalize "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" in the first reference in an article?
what?! Lindsey was a fox back in the day!
And the #Grammy for Trying Too Hard goes to....Nicky Minaj!
The Brewers' wives just bought up almost all of the rest of our stock!! AAAAHHHH!
You seriously can't trust anyone anymore..
it's Sat-Mon (Sept 1-3) Labor Day weekend. Lights is playing on Monday
Progressing toward launch date. FYI, tweets now show on the Ebuxing.com site.
Go blow up my merch guys twitter and demand condoms that say " I like HID not HIV" :)
Eric Bledsoe was somehow taking over. Then he threw a pass to the ref.
I enjoyed this fit (no disrespect) of tweets.
Thanks to Holman's Distribution, we will soon have a large variety of juices! Please join us in thanking them for their sizable donation!
I feel so bad I haven't posted a new part in over 2weeks
you think something good happened... or you know something good happened? I want 100,000 coins falling all over me!!!
RT "When love + skill work together, expect a masterpiece." John Ruskin
Drake on repeat
Grilled Cheese i$ grownups: Whole Wheat w/Cheddar & Pepper Jack cheeses
you are incredible! Get some rest and hit me up when you make it back to LA! Much love. :)
Yet another PD session that affirms my decision to resign. If you've never met a student, but he's on your roster, you're 100% responsible?
that's what I thought SS. Stop the bullying and let's be good, constructive journalists and put all this petty BS aside.
going to advisory meeting for www.latinaconference.org to help reduce Latina girls high school drop out rates
Rufus just couldn't wait to get #MothersDay started.... Happy Mother's Day to all of you wonderful Mommys out there. God Bless all y'all!
West Palm Beach followers a fresh batch of 's magnets are waiting to be taken on Clematis.
Hey girl... you should check out this amazing new #BoyBand they are sexy and they can sing!!!!
Sounds like Slavic-phobia in my humble opinion.
damn! I don't want to be famous, just rich. Let's figure out a way to get my show to your town!
when dose teen wolf start up again?! I miss is ):
HMU for the info to the ghetty ..
that awkward moment when its 207 & im not tired #atall -.-
You know you're Greek when a casual run to the store results in some phyllo dough in your cart for no particular reason.
#oddities super great show
In bed not feeling well all day. Listening to the Beatles.
k. my life sucks. ugh.
I'm in love with Futurama!!
Workout complete for the day. Got my 5 miles in @ the park with my teammates. I'm motivated now and I love it!
#FF A couple Earthsavers spa lovers!
I appreciate people who make my day!
You like it? If Braun doesn't hit a HR, we aren't going to score. I am thinking they were hoping he didn't accept it
Anybody else tired earlier on Friday nights than any other day of the week?
Coffee in hand, a happy bear, 6:00am quickly approaching. Time to wake wifey up.
but then when you buy a brand new one it's like rebirth all over again!
homemade lemonade?
How come if ants are always so busy they always get time to show up at picnics ?
lol! same here with me!(:
im not mad at you for that
hell yeah! i think i like death proof a little more though.
don't judge, your favorite subject is drinking
Superficial is not my thing >.<
lol this will be the death of me
NFL's greatest hype man #perfect> “: On set now w/ filming NFL Draft opening promos for ESPN. Straight FIRE!!!”
Slow Jams by twista never gets old
is oh so good on a sunday. Especially with my best friend
Now Playing - SaySomethin By <3 I LOVE THIS SONG. Say Somethin' Baby dont be so Shy... (;
your so wasted :)
email us the details.
First in line for the screening of The Dictator!
Who's ready to see what our new video is gonna be?!
I want to talk to some one.
wow yours is short! On both days freshies have it 1st to 4th period, but sophomore either have it 1-4 or 5-7.
If i call and you dont answer but then call back, dont expect me to answer.
thought i could sneak that one in...
Let's explore?
Watched Bill Hall watch strike 3 pass him. Good luck making the team Billy.
you all need to be following
Lol fuck that. i am pretty damn fabulous and hilarious am i right
My neighbors are happy with our 5:30 am rabbit hunt! Bray!
Smoke in the morning , afternoon , and night..
My #hellomornings is full of Huh-Choos+aches shared by DD but Not her strep yet though! Prayers Appreciated&THX! I'm Blessed by HMs!
Hey !!!!!! The Fist Pumps Made My Day ....I'm Well Though. What Have You Been Up To?
Thanks for the nice note! Hope you have an awesome Friday and weekend
BIG SHOUT out to Dulles for loading us with the mobile units instead of going from the bus up the stairs in the cold.
I know I enjoy teaching when seeing my students make me feel better about what's otherwise been a shitty last 22 hours.
Rave car driver: Too many comparisons, too many memories. You'll never stack up against a dead guy/father of her child.
Wherever you are - be all there.
#NeverShouldYouEver leave an important and meaningful relationship for a guy who is only interested in adding you to his girl list.
and I want a pet guinea pig
Yahoo! CEO who falsified resume' will still walk away with millions. It's not easy being greedy -- I mean, green!
Does ACC regret Pitt choice? Panthers lose to new BE member SMU in football and open Big East play 0-3 in basketball, karma payback's hell.
It’s Halloween, So Here’s Tim Curry
Bipartisian does not mean she likes boys, girls, and partying
has my heart <3
Read Nutritional Labels to help u measure correct serving sizes & avoid overeating.
#InterviewQuestion Tell us about yourself #Jobs You better have an answer to this prepared and knock it out of the park!
I'm just surprised that there's a person out there named Tally.
Millwood pitching batting practice
CAM ON HELL
#Oregon gets their #Rosebowl win for this century! first since 1917. congrats to all Ducks see you in 2109!
Sleeping is nothing but wasting time. I haven't graced the pillowtop in 5 days. I plan to never shut my eyes more than ten minutes again.
it is for research journals, not research itself
The only medicine for suffering, crime, and all the other woes of mankind, is wisdom. ~ Thomas Huxley
I may just b in love with greysonchance. he is hawt!!!
Remember, successful actors are flexible and take direction, so pull your leg behind your head before slating.
I think I have another one or two I'll tag you in it
Tune in to #LAYOUDRIVEMECRAZY ft #teamBHR we on
#Trivia What year did Red Bull Arena open?
I can be your knight in shining armor
This must be underwater love.
You wasn't shooting with me in the gym
Just had lunch w my good friends!
I'm glad it's a game.
Im mad my momma got more likes on her pics than me on my instagram! lol ish cray
So happy & proud for 's promotion after 3 days on the job you rock!!
you are awesome - thank u:)
#kids Frog Prince at The Art Centre Theatre, Sun, May 13 1:00p: Come be a part of the audience for this wonderful production. Join us on...
oh okay. That clears it up. Congrats uncle! Even if it is Mexican..
When times are hard, push harder. Perseverance is the only thing that will get you through. Dig deep... You are stronger than you think...
If my love for you is a crime, I want to be the most wanted criminal.
I will add to the list. James Baldwin: Scotch. Or Whiskey.
I HATE THIS MATH TEACHER!
It's on you today Boo... It's your call... Franchesca or Gabrielle??
Seems like 2/3rds of the people I follow are at the White House Correspondents' Dinner and feel the need to tweet every joke.
at the please play "Muzik makes me" by
Jut came across an ad that said "Food is the new punk rock". They obviously don't understand punk rock.
And it sounds like you've forgotten all about the actual news in the state. Drunk people stories are so valuable ...
what are you talking about?
no doubt.stay bz and keep Growing.
: thanks for the posts! im out of town this week, so its nice to get the play-by-play!
Atl is calln my dang name
Thank you to for donating a jersey to the upcoming dinner!
SHE DiD DAT
Planning w/ #THENACA? & are available for select fall dates. Msg info for your
Morning , yawn
We're impatient for a good experience. We've been lead to expect a high signal to noise ratio says
Dear #USPS, please find my certified mail/package. Not sure how you can leave me a delivery notice then not have my package at your station?
I think you're right!
make sure I watch it thnx
Iowa is over, New Hampshire is next! and tell us what to expect on CNN's Early Start
no hun, not religion, lifestyle. she will pass, just like everybody.
Can Indy "take back" the iconic Robert Indiana LOVE statue? We should "own" it, not Philly, challenges Peter Kageyama.
My Twitter is moving slower than a Kim Kardashian follower...wtf?!
Well looks like I'm not golfing today :(
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.-- Anne Morrow Lindbergh
I have watched Off The Pitch, like three times, can Saturday get here please????
Austin's braces make Austin more cuter :3
RIDDLE ME THIS: If you know me, you'll want to share but if you share me, I'll be gone. What am I?
After your Sunday service come check out the Michelle Marie trio 12-4pm POOF!!!!!
hey there, I just submitted to Immortal Ink :)
I actually really like this... lol :)
I'm bout to sit outside..drink..and jam Goodie mob first album..
Do Parent Teacher conferences help you as a teacher?
Yesterday, I fooled my dad with a fake bruise on my leg. Today, I actually may have a broken toe and he thinks it's makeup again.
When you're right, you're right... :-)
Although abnormal hair loss is not as common in women as it is in men it can be very traumatic.
I'll try to post the audio of a Q&A with Michel Hazanavicius and Michael Phillips in Chicago
Coming home, eat, nap, homework, then clean my room 😣 hate the last 2 things of my schedule.
Yea just a lil tired n out of it RT : Awe I heard what happen , are you okae ?
and it's going to take forever to upload all my pictures. p.s. since when is degrassi on mtv? <3.
lol thanks. And you don't owe me squat. Family helps family without wanting something in return (unless it's a brother) :p
Next week' s menu posted on web! New Meal - Mediterranean Flank Steak Salad, yogurt dressing, hummus & flatbread YUM! don't miss this one
Google To Stop Allowing AdWords Ad Rotation
why do ladies cheat?
The history of sabotage against cooperative projects and the importance of self-reliance in creating a successful co-op movement.
i like pi
I posted the same thing! Me and my wife are STILL talking about that - some things never change in Hollywood!
I need that hoodie RT Grab a bag from Cafe Press! http:/./bit.ly/o5v8yP
Headed to lunch with my babies!
#NOWFOLLOWING THE BEST EVER follow Me baq plezz :^D
Your life is the one that God knows,not the one that people see.
feel better soon!
you are awesome, I love your tweets. Blessed be!
“: What actresses are you convinced could probably kick your ass in a street fight?” AKA
British ships of the line have opened fire on Norfolk, VA.
At the show tonite, shots of hand sanitizer 4 everyone!
It's storming! :-0
#whatifindattractive a man that likes kids
You can't really go wrong at TED.
Happy Mother's Day to all great mothers! Thank you for all that you do, today and everyday!
Being sick, stressed, and angry results in me craving ice cream, la salsa, bbq and chocolate. Wtf.
BUCH = rockin' ! He uses Super Slinky's exclusively. he literaly promotes the sh*t out of EB at shows.
My Toddlers & Tiaras episode was on re-run today. Who saw it?
Decorated with sparkly tablecloths, & on one table, fake fur. Lanterns, purple lights, house banners. Catapult+cheese balls=Snitch
At "I don't even think about failure here. It's not a word.Instead, we talk about iteration." /CreatingInnovators
Do homework on the nature and extent of the demand for the skills, training, education, & experience within your chosen occupational field.
Continuing the night at Boardner's for anyone that didn't get enough booze.
I bet it was really nice! I heard the preview was a success! Keep me informed for the next event!
Yes!!! RT : Congrats to Bridesmaids for winning Best Comedy Film at The
RT : Spring is almost here, Ruby-throated Hummingbirds will be x-ing the Gulf by the end of the month. Can't wait!
this place looks and sounds so beautiful!
GOT TICKETS? Less than 120 tickets left. Nov 18 LearnCamp Phoenix conference
Ed isn't too bright on this one...ad buys won't win this particular fight, but ground game will and DNC is all over it
#FF #FollowFriday the different divisions of -
LMFAO. I can't believe this is happening right now. HYFR.
So its snowing, I guess that's exciting
my sister lives in st. Louis! I will come visit!
Wow the LA kings are an 8 seed and there 8-1 in playoffs. Knocked off #1 Vancouver and #2 blues. Did it. Only lost 1 game in the process
If America treated the obesity problem the same way as drug addiction, we'd finally help millions of frustrated overweight people to jail.
MT : Reminder—tonight, 2/23, 7:30: Mary Cheh & MPD speak about recent DC robberies. Deal MS cafeteria.
Great Training day lifting UTA Trax Trains. Thank you UTA for the great instruction.
Last day of driving without passengers. A little nervous about that, but should be ok. My trainer is great. MKE MCTS.
Mordi: Greater levels of cultural homogeneity in North Africa allowed for better coordination on social networks
This lady is tawkn to hear self
Loved In the Night Kitchen. Now reading that it was "controversial" due to nudity, possible sexuality. Cool.
LOL "Poor Taylor" is trending! i love her :)
follow me please......
ZOMG! "Hobo With A Shotgun" is available on demand from Amazon and XBOX Live! I know what I'M watching tonight.
Bolland needs to work on his face offs
OH EM GEE. Don't you love it when you discover a package of cookies hidden in the back of the cupboard?
More couples live together than get married. I'm sure they know the pro's, or they wouldn't be so many of them, but do they know the con's?
livestream is frozen.
Many thanks for your great review! Cheers
Difference isn't the coach as per Mort...the difference is class.
Mercy Corps Monday - Tonight from 5:30-9pm (donating 25% of sales each Monday night)
I'm pretty good.(: whatcha doing?
Congrats Alabama! Well deserved win
just got off ..! job kicked my ass today..!
Wendy has a dark side she used kellys mom!!!! What???
thank u love u
Mega Millions Jackpot at $476 Million? What would you do with all that money?
anything with tobacco and nicotine.
Usually we only praise heartily those who admire us
Those properties aren't in the RDA relationships yet (talk to JSC about the absence, we're not supposed to make things up!)
check out
Go #Fiona #Apple! 7 years of #silence broken!
Taking the stage now - Leokane & CJ 'Boom' Helekahi. Free island music 6:30-8p. If you're in the area, join us!
loves summer a lot, but wants Eric home NOWW
Serena looks ahead to Fed Cup and Olympics Serena Williams will play overseas for the USA on Saturday in the Fed Cup for the first time i
We'll post updates on what is happening at IUPUI University Library!! Please stay tuned!!
Some things are better left unsaid. The thing I'm not saying is one of those things
thank you.
I just got bck on twitter ...... And i ttly need my followers back ........:-(
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 96
Good morning :)
Just got word from dr he can't fly- won't be in LA for #NFMLA or NJ in June for Lighthouse Intl Film Festival.
have joined together to bring you a great event on April 19th at 8:00!! Come out and have a great night!
My mom won't be here for mothers day and my brother won't be here so we can celebrate his 8th birthday. Yay. Not. :(
Fuck you then too, dick.
sorry for the scare, LA s goal was called back, 1 - nil Sporting
Journaling opens many imaginative opportunities only available to us if we take the time and have the courage to write.
I do a killer British accent. Lol
1st Lady Michelle Obama welcomes kids to the White House today for "Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day"
Loved the halftime show!
and I fell behind. Now getting it together to have a website that is easier to update and navigate. Lots to update now
Such a shame, not a looker in the bunch
so with you on that.
Come help jim Thorpe celebrate his Bday tonight at The Legendary Dobbs!! Get here quick!!!
what time does the party start
Hi just wanted to say we loved the show! Go Veep!
Imagine this is a real lineup in playoffs
#DAntoni out in NY
A huge thank you Casey! Really appreciate the support!
hahah yes, leo is so fine.. I'm not sure, but I don't think so. cuz the top wobbles a little. and you can see his kid's faces
so when all of the southern US people try an day my name..I just say..it's like Karen..but with a J..
Have you given any thought into understanding why you do the things you do...or think what you think? Personal insight is a gift.
yo guy-- we must chat soon--- run tings!
Feeling blessed. Merry Christmas!
well actually that's the only way I can go because I can't take my parents car again
Big welcome to fellow author
We were ment to last I just know it even tho we fight I know your still #perfect :)
We're looking forward to the opening of our Johnstown location as well! We're projecting a June opening.
I think I like House a little too much... <3
You OK?
Gonna miss a whole lot this weekend!!!<
Finally. A fucking butterfly!
anyways want to know what I thought in biology?
If you lose niche market research, you lose everything to nothing
Our favorite new restaurant in
Loved him. He was true to himself from the beginning.
Eating well today bc I'm off. tuna sammich w/ bacon earlier for lunch... now making filet mignon, mashed taters, green beans & yorkshire
Can you follow me back!? (: x
Senior yearbook party = binge eating. Two plates don't care, right ???
Come on gentlemen, we're burning daylight here....
Heading to CT today for meeting on #NSMN #SportsTacklesCancer. We are expanding successful #sportsbiz charitable program!
I like my drinks high, and lights low...
It's a great day to get out and vote. I'm at precinct 66 meeting residents.
Have a great day, everyone.
ya I don't like you
you already know i keep it Purple
Writing tip of the day: Sometimes your best editing is done after the release of the work..But let it be an exception and not the rule.
haha well i'll be home from work sometime after one...if i see it i will kill it, but i'm creeped it's gonna crawl on me D:
you're giving them ROIDS?????
Here's the fall I know and love.
Why you tryna play me doll?
Knock 'em dead with #Storyline this week at
UPA & Refresh groups don't often cross over, unless someone belongs to both. I cross-promote to both groups since I led both.
nasty ... That game was serious
Do you really need to cut into American Idol every 10 mins to tell me it's raining?
I kno I have the 2 songs recorded on my phone ill let u hear them tom at basketball
Thanks for following!
Aint even heard all of 's mixtape but what i have heard so far its freaking buck no matter what #ChristianArtistsUp!!!
Up late, working on my clients' summer vacations; Caribbean Resort, destination wedding, and cruises.
Please follow us and retweet us. 13 college women walking to end breast cancer!
2 MORE DAYS!!!
Kratos would beat the entire XBOX universe by himself. Even old boy from Gears with 3chainsaws would lose.
Very cloudy but still a nice day nonetheless
I'm impressed with the power and simplicity that provides...thanks for bringing structure to the madness that is #php programming
Those too. Not the shoes though. I hate the shoes. Pretty, but I am inept at putting them on most of the time.
you're welcome whenever
I loved when you and Brian Golden were on KMPC!
if I did it was accidental,I think sometimes twitter app does it on its own!
then why are u ignoring ALL my dms????
I work with this lady who is seeing a guy. He is a habitual felon, no job, 9 kids w/2 women, & no license. Wth?
thank you
Wanna play some crossfire?
touche, but I do remember you passing at least one shot to me and of the girls with the same name
I would never go bungee jumping. A broken rubber brought me into this world, it sure as heck ain't taking me out.
So many things in the costume store look like Keith Richards
i've only seen mean bitch , nothing else !
Last week. He looks like a bad guy in a movie.
Oh, hey, there's Tony Gonzalez. I was wondering if he was there today.
haha love that I monitor media for my job and you found that first! Thanks :)
last Saturday
Aiiighright, yall gone turn rap to a non-profitable game if yall don't take it mo serious
Who is coming?
Nothing like diarrhea at a music festival
Age does not make us childish, as some say it only finds us true children still.
tea and zombies
haha I saw you on modern family just a minute agoo ! Haha ending was funny hahaha
What are you selling? if you are going to loose all caps ill buy one.
my 1st smart phone!
They dress Slightly better as they get older, but only cause it's current & not '05, but even then still pretty bad.
Two day delay for ChocoLee. Opening Saturday March20th at 10a.m. Opening special, Lee's chocolate croissant..till there gone!
So, um...this Paul Cameron guy is nuts, right? Taking bets on when he'll be caught with an underage male intern.
omg ok so im reading this fanfic right.
celebrating Drinko-de-mayo at #broadstonebeach where the champs at?
see Bio is easy for me xD um my graduation is June 9th :) you don't have to send anything lol just hang with me at warped!!
No idea man, sorry
United States of America V. Ebony Wood in Various Forms can
I hope you choke on you bacon tomorrow
Get outta there! The Erin Express crowd will only get worse as the day goes on... Irish pubs not safe till April.
#Tennessee #teaparty keeps it classy
RT : Acting is a nice childish profession - pretending you're someone else and, at the same time, selling yourself.
your very smart
Who will win it all in June? does his best to give you that answer right now on the show!
Welcome to our new followers! Thanks, , , , , , ,
Well done! ;)
Laura's hosting. I finish Wanted to tepidness; she anounces "people, people, not enough love for my motherfucking husband." Place goes nuts.
hahah thank you for approving of my drunkness right now.
RT My beautiful lady revised my paper for me:-)... I love my smarty pants girlfriend -- you welcome babe:)
Naw. I'm not teasing. That QOTD just popped that song in my head. Let's just say that would be a well tested relationship.
Do you have your own Youtube channel? You could be famous too! As pets all over world share vids!
Yes! I noticed that . Shoot, we need to be next -.-
But you'd agree St. Louis' 88 wins might be > Texas' 96 based on sched strength. (Not saying it's the case now).
shit forgot to hit you back! today, tomorrow, and friday
1 test down 4 to go
Btw, did you vote in my latest poll yet? I don't do polls very often so I hope you'd cast your vote :D
Thank goodness, hope she was appropriately schooled.
- The only player I know of that played in the #B1G from my high school.
This should be a good fight!
Movie recommendation is Will Ferrell in "Old School"
We always strive after what is forbidden, and desire the things refused us.Ovid
Election time & unemployment is out of control n/p just shink the labor pool. When will these liars & thieves in DC tell us the truth?
any further delays possible for 5759 Boston to Kansas City?
its not that bad
this sunday post a usa flag and never forget terror will never win. we are strong, united and free
You got that fortune cookie too?! What kind of idiot hands that sort of thing out? The cookie tasted like human, too. Um...
Victor: Best advice on publishing - nobody knows anything.
Wasnt a great day but wht can i say? Not everyday can be. I love U #godbless us everyone
There isnt nearly enough for a snow day
Very cool, we will contact you in the future!
According to current travel guides, New Orleans is one of the top ten most visited cities in the United States. What do you think is the...
rhine who?
Yours looks good!
Off to help a friend get started on World of Warcraft! Happy Twittering...
Hey :) Sorry it took so long for me to follow back lol!
I don't either. I'm scarred by the fact my mother is reading them.
"Treat others how you want to be treated"
Not like anyone ever cares what I think anyway.
Keep your submissions coming! Our first issue will be out soon - we are behind but will make it up to you with an awesome first issue
That's cool. I tried to stalk you but you were too fast. ;)
There is a 'yes' in your future. You just have to get past the no.
Just saw the Avengers. What a dang triumph. No, it's not perfect. And that's OK. Ruffalo's the heart of the movie. Bravo.
Come put your American sausage into my English McMuffin,
"No, I don't want to be cute, I want to be beautiful and smart," tells You go girl!
Joan describing her "down deep out far" series.
: will you sit with me on the bus, on the way to salamonie tomorrow? <3
Finishing up b-fast b4 going to teach my one-stroke painting class. Thinking of starting a crochet project after my quilt is done!
Looking forward to session about google art project googleartproject.com
There's a musician on FB asking me about how to get a gig at one of Charlotte's live music venues. Any idea to whom I should direct him?
and being cheerleaders!
you are crazy but I love you :)
I have shelved more books today than should be humanly possible...
thank you Michael. Trying to blame me because I like the Yankees. #childplease ;)
In Toronto for Oscar Peterson's tribute tonight-singing w George Cables,Christian Mc Bride,Roy Hargrove,Ralph Moore,Willie Jones 3rd
more of a baseball kind of girl:P
My stomuch hurt so so bad
Rainy Day Funday
Jennie Garth on her animals: totally regurgitated Kelly's speech when Donna's dog dies. Which makes me pathetic, not her.
Global v's regional comms is similar & different. London has lots of traditional media exposure, but it's knowing your landscape
Ive chewed on that thing and it was flatter than day old beer!
pizza, salad, & grape juice ☺👍
Is Patrick Wang's IN THE FAMILY officially considered a 2011 release or a 2012 release??
you look amazing! You always get the best haircuts!!
Mac Dougal sucks.
One thing that bothered me in the Avengers: how did Tony know Loki was going to throw him out of the window and not just snap his neck?
Haha, yes! They filmed that right near my university. I ran into Chris Pine writing in his diary at a coffee shop.
Friends, my counter is a joke. New followers daily in email. But the count bounces between 400 and 450. Has for weeks now. Should be 1000+
Hahaha RT : “Broccoli might get stuck in your teeth, but french fries will get stuck on your ass.”
What?! How is this logical for Bones?? Is it the post pregnancy hormones?!
"Love, and a cough, cannot be hid." -G. Herbert
love the quotes on spiritual nurse I was just telling Angie !!
In case you missed my tweet yesterday, Mind the Gap No. 1 DELIVERED everything I hoped for :D
So far - a few hundred of your closest movie-going friends!
There are a number of boutiques which offer vintage clothes at a great price
Great Rosy has a 50/50 chance of living that's great!:(
it's still questionable
No…I Said “Roll The Dice” Not “Throw” Them Out The Window…
How can that be?
<~~Jack of all trades
Donya Sorman (Isadxu) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
That is the Truth Brothaman , The Truth about This is Coming Out About Israel Government Policy Toward the Palestinians!
Deadlines are breaking me. Must make it to Thursday...
Or you could just *only* wear black and grey. (Moi.)
You let NY down
#ellensdamnheron to keep it away, string up pie pans or old CDs around the pond. The sun bounces off and scares them away.
I'm ready whenever hit me when u ready
#ifyouknowmeyouknow my middle name.
Getting ready to address #TANM with the Perception survey
Well hello spring....Welcome.
H Town! That boy coming up in the DJ bizz. Word to the wise. Don't sleep on this cat!
Vainglorious! This is protected...by the red...the black...and the green. With a KEY...SISSSSAAAAAY!
Lol, we posted that like 10 seconds apart...
holy wow
Thank you! I'm pretty excited :)
I'm so bombed.Lol.
Love that song! Walk on, indeed. Hope you have a great day after all!
Check out the the following website for careers as a mechanic or a technician/www.ringpower.com
RT : So the Senate hates Millennials. Awesome.
lol wouldn't go wrong...n ok dats cool for a start...I can dig dat :)
I would trade my kingdom for a nice friday evening martini with you all
I'm gonna shadow at Oaklannd Catholic next week.
pretending like she aint cuffed lmao get in line
phone stolen....
Our song is the slamming screen door, Sneakin' out late, tapping on your window
haha your welcome(:
go to google and type in "Zerg Rush"
#Goodnight #GrandeDreams & #Goodnight to the #ArianaArmy & all the #Arianators #GrandeDreams & #Goodnight to the
Yes yes :) Thank you sir.
going to see exhibition at Nat'l Portrait Gallery, The Black List. Taking the kiddies. Preview looks great.
New poll: 96% of people say they don't wake up feeling great. So... how are YOU feeling today? I feel like the Allergy Fairy mugged my face.
got the job! So proud of him!!! XD
LOL! I'm barely getting over mine. But I want popcorn now. HA!
It's a good day, a good day. Aim for having a good day. Than shoot for a great day.
O yea.. & for all u #Bulls haters, What the fuck is up? Lol <=TECHNO=>
that's awesome! I wanna see the pics when you get em. When do you get back?
gee thanks! ;)
wht age baby can u make your voice sound lik and wht other strange sounds can u make
Hi Kim
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
“: #FinalFour prediction: this will be the last week anthony davis has one eyebrow. nba money = better barbershops”....truth
One man dead in St. Paul house fire on Dayton Ave. this morning. A live report is at 5...
yea it does get out of hand sometimes
Audition for new show called Toilet Head, went well will know if taping Voice Over later tonight. Keep your fingers crosses, Its for FX
Have you been drinking again?
How u gonna make tacos with no cheese
Indeed...nice post. I've got a roter in my cellar I'm slowly working my way towards.
on what?!? ayyyeeee
thx! couldn't remember the name. in your experience...easy to setup? need to get this going in less than 24 hours...
not sure.
Follow mee !! C:
Thank you Queen !!
Rayman Legends - Wii U Concept Trailer - new wii games
Going to see my girls softball game first, then Respect the Mic tonight @ the Shrine!!
All we wanna do is eat your brains. We're not unusual; I mean no one's gonna eat your eyes...
Really? I would have thought she was more of a "Reservoir Dogs" kind of girl.
Behind the scenes with Beco-the new baby elephant at the Columbus Zoo-got to see pix-plus-Heather's Team, now 6000+ strong & growing-CU!
Thanks for the shout out! RT : Follow this #MKETWEEP: : give a year. change the world. Tweets by
wait i'll make it as icon. Show yours?
Don't forget to check out my boo on #ToughEnough !! #martincasasus ..happy? ? lol
#YouthMinistry is full of surprises. Nothing is too shocking anymore...
RT LIFE: It's not where you are right now that's so important. The DIRECTION you're headed DETERMINES your DESTINY!
real classy! Wishing death upon someone you have never even met.
I'm still mad at her.
this Thursday is going to be YUCKY!! WATTS!!
I have to start getting ready soon
Gonna go grab some lunch!(:
I'm posting a great giveaway next week. LOVE my wireless mouse!
What are you looking to do?
Malayan Proverb~ Dont think there are no crocodiles because the water is calm.
Anything Kaiser Permanente related :)
I don't know why people like big butts.
If you really want to be featured in a national magazine go to streetradiomag.com FREE
Going to see my mamiringa☺
I'm looking to do fan music videos for all of my songs! Post your pics and videos of you for any of my songs and they'll be included!
Skittles...taste the rainbow. It's that thing where there's a bunch of gay multi-colored midgets in a club. Looks like a bunch of skittles.
