<---- follow this right here ^>^ you'll learn a thing or two while your on twitter
well hello sugga bugga RT : At is very chatty today! Reminds me of the good ole days!
Once our Pacer's get a taste of this win tonight, their confidences will sky rocket and we'll be on a roll in the next few games!
I have so many cousins!
I'm at Starbucks in Livonia. Where's Mike Forbes?
RT : Any investors ready to catch a falling knife? #Kospi, #HangSeng, #STI now below their 200-day moving averages.
What is your favorite holiday dessert? We love sugar cookies with frosting. So simple, but so tasty!
My head says move on, but my heart says stay.. #confusedtweet 
The Wizard to Radim the dream to Martin Hanzal goooooaaaaaaalllllll
hehe yes, I do forget sometimes...
Early morning coaching with a client in Singapore. Worth it.
There's a joke in there somewhere
I don't get off until 9 :/
what it do
it's addicting-great for breakfast oor as a late night snack! Any time, really
From #Bulgaria our 1st winner of the day in #Soccer Ludogorets wins 3-1 get the remaining Soccer plays today email me
Everyone does it, Bailey gets blamed for it...that's usually how it goes.
awe!! Precious!! Name?
Waking up this morning...ready for a good day .......
Just wanna say thank you to my awesome band for making the show complete!! 🎸
Hjedufcngfurjdi today was so amazing..
dude, that Xmas tree is fresh.
Breaking news, announces kit sponsor at press conference.
Amanda gave me a name. She is my sweety and I am her Babycakes. :D Awww <3
Next Level Marketing: Don't be a time sucker, puker, topper, whiner, narcissist, vulture or Mr Halitosis. Lisa Ann- American Wedding Project
Could use all the hopes, thoughts, and prayers in the universe right now.
How does G+ ensure an identity is authentic? "We have a rudimentary system to verify high profile users" only - #SXGoogle+
BRING IT!
RT : Little known fact: Rick James once made a country record. It's called, "I'm Rick James, Ma'am".
yup yup! good meeting yall.
What a horrible shot attempt by Young of the Clippers. Freaking Youngesters! Go KNICKS!
i dont wanna wake u,so im gonna pack my things and go,yeah,pack my things and go.
Okay, off to grab lunch. Nachos it is! :)
My tweeter must be broke as I have'nt be able to tweet all week.
a is laqueffa !
Calling all SpiceHeads @ #spiceworld2011 - share your stories w/ the community (& get a Spotlight badge 4 doing it)! DM me & find out how.
Life is a fucking waste of time, time is a fucking waste of life so get wasted all of the time & have the time of your life
Necessity! Thou mother of the world.
I'm Irie. So happy we have reconnected.
It needs to stop raining cause water and heels do not mesh well.
but i have!t even drawn her yet. lol <3
: oh dear! that greatly contradicts my dear old granny's teaching of: when in doubt, make it up.
Yup, sounded like videos by sellouts to me. Ignored it. RT : Had anyone heard about this campaign at the time it happened?
Nana made me go to Denny's with her
msg me instead??
I love in TV when in earlier seasons they have first names for characters and then change them later on.
President just texted, asking if I was interested in him picking up some "California girls...like the ones in the song" while he's there...
& last forever. They also have other products, and new brands coming including bath & body care, dryer scent balls, & washer
Is it Friday yet?
aka Kevin Biggins is actually one of my favorite writers next to trey parker and matt stone!!
RT : #FF because she is punny and will make you chuckle when you need it most... and she's a hotshot SLP app author!
sweet! Unless its a private party, I expect and invite next time :-)
...if your one of those " peaks freaks"(like me) u need to see AMC's the killing also psyched episode dual spires. ...good stuff
I'm fine, any plans today?
You okay?
in public -- no. in private -- si!
I know that :-D lol!! I'm asking you how do it sound to you? Do it need more work done on it?
Hi there, , says to follow you, so here I am ;) Looking forward to your tweets.
Being lied on and lied to is not a good feeling 😢 AT ALL!
check out today's article in the metro section page B1 of the plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleve Clerk Courts
- Whats up man, hope all is well
I saw on FB a while back that you finished the Hunger Games series. Are you going to see the movie?!
no scared kids?
So hungry I could eat👄 my damn arm💪 off if it had any meat on it
Woods, McIlroy headline acts at - SPORTSMAX TV : No Games, Just ...
soon I hope! Yeah, I'm in Chicago starting Thursday, bummed to miss you guys!
Hubby and I are off to exercise together! Have a great Saturday everyone!!
Real Hoes Get Down on da Floor....
😝 ...and suddenly I do, I'm getting my masters in secondary ed! Lol! There gonna eat me up alive! 😖
John Edward's mugshot = well, he did say "cheese" for the camera man. There is that.
Chris Davis throwing HEAT
you got it guys and thank you.
Your a good man!
Lmfao!! 😂😂 RT : Some fucking bird attacked me in the head TWICE! 😡😡😡
more people say that, but I dont think its HCDB. He has reasons for what he does and thats why he is an NHL coach and we are not
"A room without books is like a body without a soul."-G.K. Chesterton
Thanks, Rick!
oh yeah, you know it. :) thx!
where are times gone baby it's all wrong #pay phone
Sorry to here about Vidal Sassoon passing away, he style your hair for the movie Rose Mary's Baby. He'll be missed.
After five conferences over two weeks, we're eager to get back on the road! Are you going to #CoSN12 next month?
I want to go on some moombathon, some fidget and some dirty dutch! :)
Going to bed! Good night world
I just kinda went with it, being the quiet one suits me best
You be crazy. But in a good way. :)
Yup! Division rivals, go time! Sweet about the AK plate too!
Your Sunday's best needs to be better
I'm awake coach. Put me in the game.
thank you!!!!
Girls...if you're going out tn text CHAMPAGNE to 38714..
we all have a little situationalist in us...
sorry for the graphic description.
Yest. & Alexis Espinoza presented on the #SJSProject at #ESS2012 on Family Support and Spirituality as predictors of Outness
then ur not in the Rockies
Aww! Love you too x " that why your awesome love you <3 :)"
Dad: *Points to guy with long dark hair and tattoos* "Look it's Kohl! He missed you soo much that he drove all the way out here to see you!"
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
you dont have to worry about that..i always give 110%
ew, his girlfriend is in this class. I hope she gets caught and kicked out. I DONT WANT YOU HERE.
Well, I would nose around for examples of things people took down because they were embarrassing, and show them.
you got nice pictures in Instsgram... loved the purple flower...
Life is good and I'm about to get Steak N Shake.
Have you used Things for mac and iPad/iPhone? Thinking of downloading that to use for to do lists!
RT Interested to see how SM trends have evolved since the first #prsms as the day goes on.
Larry Dean Hamm Jr. - Jefferson Post
Glad to see so many fans showing off their vinyls!
I just completed more than twelve hours of (almost) consecutive homework. That's what I get for falling behind (and not really caring).
My head & heart want to do the HIIT the Beach workout, but my body is saying otherwise. In desperate need of motivation from my TIU family.
and meet other young singles like me.
Headed to 24 hour fitness, tennis elbows and all. Guess it's the bike for me today!
T2 is doing a run at 9am. We could do that and go longer. Our pace is fast enough.
yes, yes I do think im cool. lmfao NOT
I love Pitango gelato. They have a branch near me in DC. I recommend trying the quince if it's available.
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THE NEW HARRY POTTER MOVIE!
Everything is beautiful, but beautiful isn’t everything.
You keep complaining yet nothing is changing...
Very appreciative of Lloyd Jackson. Kathy & I had a great meeting with him today. He is a great advocate for our state & many of our NPOs.
would like to welcome Jennifer Buchanan and Joann Young to our wonderful sales team!!!!
It's at the point where you throw your hands up and say I give up! Lord I trust you. Things are getting better not worst! #Iclaimit!
Are you joining and I for #TacoTuesday at next week?
hi school is kicking my ass. how are you? still overwhelmed at work?
The future of Adaptive Content is multiple sizes of content with meaningful metadata written for reuse. Karen McGrane -
Don't be the only one in your group to miss SECCA's free opening on Friday. Music, food and cash bar. 7 pm
Best. Day. EVER!
The original colonies may be founded on biblical principles, but the U.S. was founded on ideals of Constitution.
Looking for books to teach to Fifth Graders! Any suggestions...new or old would be helpful! What were your favs as a kid?
thanks for mentioning my piece!
UM YES. I volunteer my new place for all #sharkweek related activities.
Picnic Favorites at 1:30-4:30pm TODAY! Get recipe tips and enjoy samples at the Picnic Favorites tasting event.
Good evening everyone
it's a visual bookmarking site. Just so happens that the creative-type mommybloggers have found use for it b4 every1 else!
With great defense, a little run looks even better.
thanks for coming to see me yesterday
#HeresToTheMahomies who are crying and can't believe that this is the same kid who sang on youtubes videos!
no problem (: x
AP what up Fam..Hey i got some new Music coming soon, I will keep you posted on it.
hey I'm on twitter while I'm @ scool just to ask if you Could follow bak!? Plzzz<3
Kiwi photojournalist freed after arrest in Zimbabwe
Hello from The Park! The rain has started and tarp is on the field. We will begin at least 30 minutes late. Stay tuned.
This is the earliset ive gotton up all summer :) im so proud of myself haha
Walker claiming lots of new jobs is like a gay guy who says he's got a Canadian girlfriend.
Vinnny would be the best bc ever. We both don't like video games sports and all that shit. Can I have you omfg
Ha, congratulations! :) RT : I rank #1 on Google for "keep calm and party rock"
He was very annoying in the old comic book greats videos I had as a kid. But I still loved them. :)
Morning #Philly, rise and shine it's Tuesday! We're ready to take on the day over at #Jobspring #Philadelphia!
Going to sleep early~
It truly, truly does.
my legs feel like jello.
These kids talking about boxing lmao these niggas don't know shit!
Nobody named JD works here. Sorry to burst your bubble.
If you're looking for a little something on the side, try some of our onion rings.
PANIC!!!!! Today is National Panic Day, then get over it and have a Stinky :)
Instruction class I taught today seemed kinda bored. Oh well, can't win 'em all.
God bless the broken lead straight to youu <3
Teacher: If you could take one person on a deserted island with you, who would it be? Me: LIAM PAYNE! :D Everybody else: Who? Me: -.- xDD
don't think you meant 5th Element...
. Hello. Are you involved in marketing? Where?
Q2 (2 of 3) In part wrote “why not have him apply the full Jay-Z treatment? Why BK Nets when they can be New York N----s?”
Our Book Fair will also be open all day on Parent/Teacher Conference Day, so families can visit with their children.
#RulesInARelationship Have respect for each other
The Ultimate Fighter tonight!
New single #boyfriend has been in my head all day. Well done.
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a get out of claiming your kid card. Oh wait... Mission Accomplished. :-)
It could be our chance to shine
Im calling HR!
thanks Robbie for coming up.
SportingMembership.com will be down tonight for periodic maintenance beginning at midnight CT. Sorry for the inconvenience!
people are certainly getting more creative with it - not just smart posters anymore!
human evolution stats and death you're already late for class!
But our EP "visions" on iTunes today for $4.95!!!
Did it come with an eye roll?
Thank you all for the birthday wishes! I don't wanna clog up everyone's timeline thanking each person but it's much appreciated.
"Magician Smurf must conjure babies. Or else Smurfette has way too many husbands." -- my puzzled 9yo.
on the right(: hahah and thankyouu
Waxahachie Smells Like The Vagina Of A Prostitute! ! XP
same! one of my favorites
Knocks me out w/1 shot 4 the rest of the night. He's a real smooth brother never in a rush and he gives me goosepimples w/every single touch
My bro's watchin mr. Young I'm watchin e news, my sisters watchin dora the explorer, my mom's watchin desperate housewives. Lol
" Never regret anything because at one time...it was exactly what you wanted. "
It's not even freaking raining, just a little thunder..
SO CALL ME MAYBE ;)
*smiles widely* thank you. You were right about the bath. *looks up* are ya alright? You're kinda red...
I honestly cant stand arguing with people...idk how people have relationships like that it stresses me the fuck out & i'll get sick of it.
You deserve it.
Hey guys it's me Daniel rosa from the voice I'm recording "animal" so it will be coming out soon :)
Thanks to that commercial people are going to request the "Flo rida Budweiser remix"
If only he could pick up socks. He'd be a true laundry room savior.
RT : Great Taste..."Should have stayed there...now she's pregnaent". Sorry, you're just a great straight man, Joe.
are you a junior omg
Lunchtime reading: the beginning copyright reclamation suits. 2013 will be the 1st year that the 1978 law allows reclamation of rights....
I'm just really tired of life. 
Closed on our house in Milwaukee on Friday. Paid off our car. We are completely debt free!
That is painful.
Good night world <3
That's what i said!! Anyways, don't let her upset you. What's up? <3
Love is not finding someone to live with,Its finding someone you cant live without... kinuha lang EL BURADO na quotes :D
Only 2+ hours to get your Oregon primary election ballots turned in. Be a good citizen.
game on my friend. Do your thing RT : Thank god for giving me another day and other opportunity to chase my dream
Watching the dreamweaver himself, , in action. Not too many people can work and sing 80s songs at the same time with his skills.
STILL working on that Medicaid status for the Buddy Bike.
#ADHD because my life is more interesting than anything you have to say
Why am I not there!?
thank you for stopping by
I'm a free bitch, baby.
that ain't even a real link.
Rule#1..If you gone play the GAME..Please know how to actually PLAY THE GAME..otherwise u just in the way..
in a flesh and blood body. Jesus IS here, via the Holy Spirit...but let us live today to honor our Lord Jesus Christ! Praise be to His Name!
It's sad when you have a church that doesn't care about you... I haven't been since November and no one has even checked on me.... :/
Barack Obama is so smart and americans are so dumb to understand him. Makes me sad.
One month Pittsburgh!!!
Feels so weird driving home and there's still daylight
Awesome potluck with ascedians. Time to tally votes for costume contest.
Mainlining DayQuil. Must. Stay. Awake. So much to do!
I love watching some of these movies and seeing people who are bigger stars now. Ghosts of Mars- Jason Statham lol,
Thank you to everyone that helped make our first annual Earth Month 5K AMAZING yesterday...we appreciate each and every one of you!
My best friend told me he thinks I'm ugly.... -___-
Juss found out that Dasani water has SALT in it !!! Is that true?
We're sorry for any inconvenience. We're moving toward online videos & away from podcasts.
bravo and bravo finally they got something right.
Moved to Vita. Fits my tastes.
s/o to my new cute follower ;)
doing good things at #SpringTraining brotha. Excited to see you in the rotation come April 6.
I'm bout to put Roll Up Session on youtube. I fuck with that shit.
I need to quit fakin. It's time for me to take my ass to sleep.
Oh it is ok! I'm sure they were pretty awesome people.
Even without SOPA, MPAA has founders of Megaupload arrested in NZ at US's request and their site shut down, charged in VA...
follow simply because 94000+ twitter addicts cant be wrong, and because I said so.
I'm so aggravated right now. I just wanna sleep :'(
One of the purposes of cell phones is to be able to be reached in emergencies. Why no one ever answers?
oh. mah. gawd. this is exactly my life -abbie
3: Forgive me for being wordy... But I am beyond thankful and humbled that God is using it in your lives. To Him be all glory! Hugs & love.
but you know I'm kidding right? lol. I gave up on that shit
yea man, when do you think it will actually start?
hahaha thanks man.
this is an amazing grouping of radio talking heads!!
Like christian music? You should check us out! You might find something you like!
I'm not a pickle fan at all, but I may have to try that sometime.
I would totally read that. Also the one where they form a happy poly triad.
Djokovic breaks . 4-4 and only 55 minutes into the match. More like two machines playing.
Hey #gwu, come in on your study breaks all this week and next!
omfg I know. And by the second episode they're like "I'm falling in love" gtfo. I'm only watching for the hot guys lmfao
Husband is getting a Wild Brunette for Valentine's Day. Oh stop, you. It's a growler from Beer.
Me too! RT RT : I tried, Smash. I really tried. But until Ellis dies in a violent, Saw-like manner I'm done.
Congratulations!!! RT A very happy Friday indeed - PROMOTED TO FULL PROFESSOR!
playing the phrophet bar. 2548 elm st. dallas texas, then off to SXSW come one come all you fucks!
You kicked ass tonight #Baltimore!!! Get your rest and join us for a relaxing
But... Maybe he DOES have a problem! Starting the day with two Dr Peppers?! Him and a lot of America.
#TEDXUSC bummer! I came at 9 to get the green sticker and you are sending me to the 3rd floor!?
brush it off. Do you and be yourself
Looks like they're wrapping up the festival everywhere! People are walking drunkenly through the streets!
I've started 6 new TV shows in 2 weeks.
truly was born and raise Wildcat!
Have fun today!!!!
Are you still talking about the #Blackhawks?! ;-) Game 6 tomorrow!
Those kids are bringing clogging back. Suck it, Justin Timberlake.
Exhausted. Simply exhausted. Shooting has been brutal, but STILL...LOVE. THIS. SHIT! Just a few more days left...
Tired but I can't sleep.
I love you girly
why did the clown cross the road? to get to your party.
Omaha is having a grey day. My little Etsy model/daughter has a double ear infection. Time to craft the day away!
oh lol you just keep talking about what douche bags boys are :D
"There is danger ahead and a damned sight of it," Hurlbut wrote. He knew eyes continued to watch me, and he wanted no part of it.
True. I'm moving in with you. RT : well you haven't been to florida... RT : I'm hated everywhere I go.
What's up for today don't wanna thing at the church ugh
nigga you tweeting to the public which means I can say wth I want lol
This!!! Me too ": I need to befriend someone who's in the music business. Or an entertainment lawyer. Or something!"
Why are you gonna be at Saugus High?!?!
With pleasure, Charlotte - and a hearty congratulations on book deal. Cheers.
happened to watch a scene from The Santa Clause last night, Judy's cocoa...
of though and we're so cute together!!!!!!!!$$
well there is entertainment value in crashboombang. I'm making real Ramen,(No styrofoam cup). Not as exiting.
I like that metaphor. Expand...
looks delicious!
First of what
Working on a holiday party for Newbeauty Magazine in Beverly Hills.
Thanks! We love having you as our customer!
Gotcha. LifeChurch - I went to Germantown before I found MH. Went to the theater as part of a promo event for them.
My brother comes home and gives me his ipad <3
Thanks for the info!
Amen. Rebeck never took him seriously as a character. He's a lame, sad plot device.
I'm only making summertime tracks for the next few weeks. Fuggit.
They have some of the best lyrics I have ever heard!!
M sex with amayrani c;
Thanks! Hope you're having a great day.
Impala’s Hand Forced as Zimbabwe Starts Nationalization via
Merry Christmas all!
Peggy Noonan's in WSJ for Obama's rise from faculty nerd to real leader in his Tucson speech. Wasn't he a radical commie from the start??!
FDNY are the best!!!
Here's hoping everyone has a nice da a y a great evening and good night, sweet dreams
thank you coca-cola! I missed you too :(
Vegas #RNs are on fire! LOL RT : 80+ #Nurses, union folks, and community braved the Vegas heat and spoke out to #taxwallstreet!
oh gosh Montana.... What did you say?
Watch Sunday's Packer game 1/2 time food is build your own taco bar. Happy hour prices all day.
lmao I follow you.. you follow me.. these messages are seen by all.. only direct messages are seen by only you and me!
Today starts National Nurses Week! Do u know a great nurse who deserves a shout out? www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Had a super fun day:) an even better night is on its way:)
#MaybeIShould change my outlook
If my rent check got lost in the friggin mail AGAIN, I'm not issuing a new check. The apt mgr should be more responsible.
wish i coulda been with my babe today, i got work all weekend !
I can't wait for the Commercial!!
bro our rotation is too nasty!!
Please tell me your joking :)
you know I love you.
Away from conference- relying on Twitter feeds, now. Thank you everyone who is tweeting!!
one day to go until the end of the baseball season. Seems like we just finished our draft. Rockers have a 6.5 point lead on the Dudes.
lol but they all true
sleep time I have a date with A 6am run
I am learning how to type in the dark :D but i know how to type type.. but right now im individually typing each letter with one finger
#OHELLNAW, Mel Gibson said what? Why couldn't he trade places with Dick Clark?
maybe my computer has a problem so im going to a play im EXCITED!!
RT We r conducting aerial inspec. of area. Customers shouldn’t be alarmed if they c a helicopter flying over the gas trans. line.
She REALLY said that????
RT : This American Life is running an episode on political fundraising. You won't be surprised to hear that it's horrifying.
Buddhist association connects visitors with Burmese culture - Washington Post
S. Austin coworking space opens on Mon - help spread the news! planca.st/12qN
Come aboard.
When is Little Jimmy finally gonna wrestle a match?
Thanks! And I only have 1 of those (practical IA).
following let meh see (767) followers (202) like really dude
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!♥.
Oh and its not me
Watching the nuggets game with my uncle
what do i got to do for a pair of them melted cleats????
you know, i can make up something to vote on if you ever just want to have drinks
I'm sorry I laughed at this a little bit...only because I feel your pain, completely.
Hair salon packed today! Gotta look good 4 turkey day. Nice 2 spend time w/ family and friends.
No surprise Chris Mann took 4th. This is going to Jermaine or Juliette!
keesh is u drunk too
Yeah xD , girl do you have #FB ?
#Bombrito RT : A burrito sounds soo bomb right now 😔
well I wouldn't necessarily call my grandmothers home which is a senior citizens home the "trap" lol its decent over here tho
thanks bro
Haha, well I can guarantee that Vegas will be way hotter than Michigan! It's always hot down there! A really neat place!
thanks for the follow, Denise !
I think I'm gonna gain 10 pounds from all the chocolate roses I've been consuming.
So smitten with all the smart, entrepreneurial women in my wine club. One of many reasons it feels great to be back in Chicago.
#wikileaks like weapons that open eyes.
(cont) However, publishers can also attach shapefiles for download. If they haven't let me know, and I'll contact them. /cc
"This is Sandra Clarke"
Walk Offs are the closet thing I have to a World Series. I'll take them all year!
I love this time of year, the holidays are the best! Spending time with friends and family, the perfect situation to send #Bartab drinks!
RT : Just pick up your trash before you leave on your HuffPo busses. || good advice, thanks.
yes its morning, u cant see out side ehnu. ur tweeting me behind me kekke
IndyCar puts on 6-race probation. Will be sad not to see him compete in the #Indy500 this year.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Crest Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Now to Munich for Europe cabinet meeting. Still amazed ! Only God can help us bring His presence to all persons.
take that Castro! that's what you get for trying to stretch a double.
Fun fact: Women are twice as likely as men to order vegetables on their pizza. Do you guys agree?
France the latest team to get burnt by the hot potato that is the haka
Q6 What is a "large group"? I do not believe large numbers of librarians will retire.People are too broke to retire.
i want these next 2 weeks to be done, im so ready for summer
*dies laughing* RT RT INSTANT CLASSIC. Romney on comments on Rev. Wright: "I stand by what I said, whatever it was."
Work has been so crazy busy the last 2 days, but dude, i love that this is my job.
So many cantinas and bars in the neighborhood and not one with a hard liquor license. Why bother?
We get to rehearse in the theatre today - a rarity in NYC! We love the ArcLight!!! www.kefproductions.com
hannah montana used to be my favorite show when i wuz like.. 8 xD and i remember i used to LOOOVEE That's So Raven
Good luck.
members- did you know there is an SD SMPS club? The next mtg is Aug. 2 @ 8 a.m. @ Winzler & Kelly in Kearny Mesa.
also, one of my family members in the the Philippines met Jericho Rosales and i am extremely jealous.
Thanks Anne!
I bet they didn't. Thx for the link... Interesting.
You know email personalization goes too far when they use my full name, including middle name, in the subject line.
You once guarded America's freedom, but now you are guarding the gates of Heaven. #Hooah!
that makes two of us!
Someone come over here and help me get rid of this writers block....
15% of applicant traffic is via the mobile site #HCM2012 #SoMoClo - critical that all recruiters go thru to see the experience
Prefers to have this subway sandwich non toasted.
I screwed up. If your reading this.... IM SORRY. :c
Time to land? Short flight. Where were you?
I approve of that inning.
timely RT: Remember ur worst enemy is often ur own mind. Ur the only 1 who can stop progress. Until u master u excuses will b on the menu.
Family in my 7 week program just IM me, her daughter was non verbal 7 wks ago, talked in 2 wks, TOLD HER MOM "I LOVE YOU" Tonight' PRICELESS
Good Evening Everyone... I may be offline for the weekend, gotta finish unpacking and getting settled into the new house & office
Trying not to sound a little one sided here, but I still haven't seen any "KONY2012" stuff.. What happened?
As Wehner just pointed out, Sanchez had not allowed more than 2 ER in a start so far this year until tonight
after all those times I was there for you, you couldn't do the same just once
When Ray takes that step back and drops 3's like nothing....
hey, at least you got somewhere to hang your dirty laundry..... tweetin's for free, no need to spend 4 bucks at suds n' duds
12 days of school left!!! (:
#SaySomethin was so amazing! I'm waiting for the replay, it's such a good song! :)
And guess what I'm doing right now? Watching #AmericanHorrorStory !!!
hey!! I want you guys to follow me!! it'll seem legit!(; #smosh #FOLLOW #winning???
Incredible pictures you uploaded on Flickr, Steve!
campaign exhibiting more Road Rage that has gotten Mack in trouble in the past
I have not met a guy directioner .
get well guts, still the man in bmore
awesome bondage tonight with & ! ;)
.. u r very late my dear lol but its all good lol..
RT Sunrise, Durango, Sobb and Spring Mt came to represent party. Greyhounds on me
great sale on bananas at Walgreens.
5.5 mile run in sunny yet cool chicago, right along lake michigan; beautiful. countdown continues...9 more days.
what if they are cute...??? haha.
q&a: why is latin american art "underappreciated" in #DC ?
There is so much storytelling possibility for lighting esp. in readings of new plays but too often its not used
In studio on spring break. BUT have the kids with me doing an art project instead of homework, and we brought sushi!!
Lawyer at Greenfield School Board meeting now explaining annual meeting, hearing on the budget process.
Great idea! Way 2b ahead of the game! are you in TLDE? S Churchill or the amazing A Bley teaching?
If you won a free pair of tickets, you will have an email back this afternoon! Thank you for participating. Tweet using #BellAFB to be VIP!
finally ready. Just want to meet over at my hotel?
have ur ppl call my ppl. I'm pretty sure they're the same ppl so good luck with that
I am currently investigating claims relating to pre-natal use of Topamax, Clomid, and SSRI antidepressants causing birth defects.
Devin is that dude.
His smile. His eyes. his lips. His hair. His laugh. His hands. His smirk. His humor. His weird faces. R-T if you thought of someone.
is the K for Kardashian?
bitch you can feed a family with $6.48 at a cheese steak restaurant she need to get her mind right. any way you know i banged on that bitch
+1 RT : However digital humanities is defined, it should be glad 's involved.
You best believe I'm slamming Taco Bell as soon as my check hits.
": I finally found a guy I like I trust I care for & people trying to ruin it #PleaseStop I wanna be happy." Proud of you. (:
Bruce Lee was so fast that they had to slow the film down so you could see his moves.
Why a fan of Ben Franklin?
I found macaroni in my bra tonight. thanks baby.
thanks so much for following me! :)
Thanks for the #FF shout out, my friend -- have a great weekend!
Me too. Feel like I should reread him today, but I'm not sure I can stand it, you know? He had a real gift of clarity. A loss.
Not yet! Want to start one?
Anyone else in SD feel that shaking?
thanks for the RT!!
Wonderful job on the logo!
Time to #thunderup! Good luck guys!
you made #quadbox with the #hospital embezzler. That's cool!!
I get Philly in june
where are you moving?
She works hard for money so u better treat her right
Hahaha! You two are too funny. This party better have dinosaur costumes.
Phone companies are the biggest thieves, and the sad part is that we let them. These phone bills are gonna be the end of me.
i do this with the girls I coach - amazing how much they forget! And that's soccer nevermind biology!
Good bye OBX. Never going there again.
Our servers have all been upgraded to Flash 10.3 now.
To all you Ladies, follow for laughs and life lessons for Women. NO BOYS! :P
Bomb threat reported at carnegie mellon
See you in Baltimore Get em!
Courtney, her musical director and sometimes Bass Player
I have a crush on 💓 Instagram. I just wanna 💋 those sexy lips of his 😘
Greater Reading . . . where saying "I'm having the Dutch Platter" meets with understanding and a smile.
Thank you for heads up!!! I think I know why.
1. I drove through Twin Peaks/North Bend this weekend! My spot. 2. That was probably the best Mad Men episode this season.
what year is it?? “: we think it's 2012, lmao”
On the grind here at The Global Elements just sayin HELLO to all my tweet fam!!!
Angels In the Outfield is on TV so I guess I don't mind this whole insomnia thing. Takes me back to 1994.
O dnt give me the sexi voice now ~! These skills are untouchable
Missing all my #pbskidsVIPS who are at #PBSam! Though I'm enjoying
#FF because I SAID SO!
So.. Cant Wait f For Your Punkd' Episode!!.:p
I see the heat haters coming out now.. Mostly comprised of angry Bulls fans
Love the articles that you are sharing with the community. I does support my 5 Linx Business. Cynthia Harris
I AM NOT A CREEPER... but i like to creep (; haha
If you're unsure where to start, just get going with something - eventually the path will get clearer.
You now realize that it's 4 am and you're still writing about capybaras in Chinese.
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
Yes, my grandmother had that problem in the early 40s. It was hard for her to conceive.
I need to get my eyebrows done.
:-) I Sweaa I Love You!
Laying down, I can hear my own heartbeat. Wonderful music;
Awesome quote! I still need to see that film. :)
it's almost like they don't want Otto to score and are taking dump shots.
Hi trouble :)
what are you talking about?
Taking a look at views in #Drupal 7 at our local Drupal meetup. Thanks for stopping by to talk about it!
mm the melty ham cheese is very much essential
Ambition is in ya veins
Story of my life on every Tuesday for the past month
Am I the only one that doesn't like listening to all the leaked tracks? I just can't wait to get Trespassing in the mail on May 15th!!! 👍
Less than 1 week away from the #Brickyard 400! Who's excited?!
I didn't forget
Agree, but I'm firmly against them drafting any RBs this year, so Polk wouldn't make me feel much better.
Typing up the minutes from last night's meeting & template for the policy recommendations. Love my blackberry, productivity on the go.
And of course we highlight New York as the concrete jungle!
Chuck DeVore f #TPPF on Fox News: CA taxes, spends & regulates too much, tax hikes won't save CA #tcot (good job)
The No. VA market is pretty resilient. Office vacancy is under 10% in Arlington and we're all hoping it stays that way..
At least there's not a Spanish sol...
are u home yet sister?
nice nails! Hope the scratch up some dudes back haha meow
i hate when girls make their status "go bulls"! bitch you dont even like bball. youre doing it for attention and likes.
Aww that sweet! =D
So many emails to answer, but the WORLD is calling me forth to play in the SUNSHINE! What can you do to enliven your SPIRIT today?
Today's IntervalStrength class Woodland Hills will be delivered via kettlebell drills and BodyBar strength moves :)
It seems like most of the people who bitch about people never talking to them are also the people who insist that others talk to them first.
I love the marriage of the arts with the dance, because it's just so artistic to see the story come through the dance.
thanks girl! i miss laughing with you! let me know when ur in NY next!
Awesome talk by Adriene Hughes! Just learned that 1/60 is what I need 2 know 2 shoot video on my DSLR! , , &
we will be open and ready to mingle.
Eating Trident Layer Gum!. And Listening To Music!. Can't Sleep Going On A Field Trip Today!. Gettin' Inducted In TheNJHSToday!.LifeIsGreat.
Wilson is killing it out there, hitting his fifth three of the game. #Badgers still in the lead, 51-47
Keys locked in car? I unlock them for free. Engine light on? I read the codes for free
so it's a win win WIN!
follow back? :)
I think I might hit the gym. Got so much energy tonight.
excited to find out the next bachelor tonightt
Excellent. Just got done jogging. Sitting down and relaxing with a cup of coffee. How about you?
"Be present in everything you do, and enjoy life."
Yes! RT : This #twitter filter issue boils down to: not all tools are good for all applications. Use tools wisely FTW!
Are you back ?
Court strikes down California gay marriage ban
YUM RT : Grilled cheese month? I'm in! Planning bacon/pear/muenster/raspberry jam grilled awesomeness for next week.
have fun wish I could go...busy soccer weekend as usual. I will listen for you on TV
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face. - Albert Camus
silly ! <3 ready for tomorrow ?
What is that light coming from the sky??? Could it be the sun after all these months of Grey & darkness?
always guessing whats shining. We luv our friends. Thanks rootsmke
It's a venti kind of day
Not usually. But they are good eating.
no evidence suggests that their claims are even remotely true.
if you don't mind me asking how did u become jayhawk fan?
Anyone else obsessed with this song? Feel So Close by Calvin Harris. It makes me want to dance!
Can you say Whitney Houston??? Its karaoke night so come in and do her songs justice! Starts at 9 after happy hour!
dont you be holding ' cause at the end you goin want anthor ROUND '
I kinda want it too. haha
Even D-Fish D'ed up Kobe! Bwahahaha...
People who look 4 great ideas to make money r not nearly as successful as those who say Okay what do I really love to do? ~M Dell
True evil doesn't know it's evil.
good luck on prom #shopping!
anyone made, or is about to move to LA? if so, please post your stories on how smooth/difficult it was, was it worth it?
Last game till playoffs! Let's do this boys! #leeegoo! <3
I just saw this. It's nice to know that the object that stole your innocence is not indestructible.
Pulled off. Car was way too tight, not worth fighting it and risking tearing up equipment.
I'm bored
yep...I was signing it...in ASL...
cause its just another night on my own
Yikes, that's not good. Anything we can do to help? What version are you using?
S.C.H.O.O.L. = Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life. C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S. = Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit.
Confirmed via Ron Artest interview: he's still crazy, 'World Peace' is ironic.
Little kids shuffling at the mall, so cute
Everyone keeps following my old account. NO -_-
": #Aquarius are usualy the Dame/knight in shiny armor. They will be the first to help out their fellow man or stray animal"
It was only the 3rd loss for the Brewers as the month of April closes. Two hits today. Scary what happens without Molitor.
I would actually love it, personally. I think it's smart. Most versatile secondary in the league.
Ugh I hate having my Twitter hacked. Thanks for the heads up!
Cali Swag District's M-Bone Remembered By New Boyz
Great variety of topics! Coffee break. I'm double booked in spots already. I hate that.
Global Media Monitoring Project: Only 13% of stories focused specifically on women and 6% on issues of gender equality or inequality.
woah wait, Harry confirmed Perrie & Zayn are dating?! if so: Aw C: if not: they should start dating soon :3
Finish This Funniest one wins a Shirt - Why did the Chicken Cross the Road
Recognizes Black History Month, preparing for a candid interview on race. How far have we really come?
Dear Nashville, please get rid of the mustard jerseys. Stuff that flute down that guys throat while you're at it. Thank you
“: ": Note to self: Kyle sucks at telling jokes..."he sucks at errrythang” I'm the illest, swag swag
lol its thuggish
Its so fascinating to watch someone actively and selectively construct their identity
Busy, the key is to brew the tea and then put it IN the chili. What a scary mess that would be.
how much are the tickets for Friday I need a few
Personally I suspect Phil will win & he will go the way of Kris Allen & Lee DeWyze. Almost seems like NOT winning is better now!
whoops, we meant, let's chat!
XOXO's forever !!!
I've had the flu all weekend. Its the worst!
#NaPoWriMo Still on!
Acupuncture is a jab well done.
Back to achey, cold and nauseous. Times like these I wish I was at home so my mama could take care of me and play Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
30 followers till we reach 2K! Tell all your friends to follow for a chance to win a FREE t-shirt/2 winners will be chosen!
lol fresshmen! u smell horrible! x)
is the Preston Oaks closest to you?
At this rate, maybe I won't try to catch some of the #Texas game during lunch.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs, you were a brilliant man!
Good Morning! :0)
People who like that are why the Kardashians are famous.
Gideon Sundback zipper doodle: Google celebrates father of the modern zipper. What gay man hasn't gotten excited playing with this invention
who gives a flying____about her crap if you do get a life!!
Can i get a flirty tweet Jordan?;)
Guess I try n get some sleep. My house is makin scary noises. Don't u hate that?
If you'd read a kid a fairy tale about a princess meeting her prince, that kid is old enough to know that LGBT people exist.
do you have a skypeeeeeeeeeeeee?
S/o to for the follow
gracias-hope to give it a try when u do develop it
there are a lot of concerts I want to hit up between now and fall here and in chicago
Isn't the asylum in Vinita? Ambulance chasers gotta eat, son.
Check out all the fun your fee could get u for free tonight! OPEN games at Bryte Park 6:30,7:15 n post game bash
"The Pity Circle"
Keep walking in purpose, focus and favor!!
For sure!
Last day to vote for Heinemann's favorites - to appear on the menu at the Pfister Cafe. Vote: www.thepfisterhotel.com
Nice - with my big ol' head in the shot!
I always call you MR pemulis
Happy New Year Beth!!
did he get you some sleep? I can use some too! I want a discount code for the 20th!!!
I want to chill with someone
That's a great idea!
So all 1,477 Journal entries are ported to Falcon. The main conversion is nearly done. Just have to clean up a few more...
versus 1300 + daily cheers of NO-O........uh, the nos have it! ;)
whats up bum???
There's something magical about KSRoke
USF and Louisville trading shots now. Keep it up Bulls!
It's Toddler Tuesday at the Launch Zone til 2:30 today. Join us for Prehistoric Adventures!
Everyone who bought Hunter boots in Austin finally have an actual reason to where them.
Can we wear an #indy Super Bowl 2012 Super Scarf now?
I remember You telling me something abt tht! :)
We need polling stations to for our upcoming Campaign! Can you help us?
is sexy and he knows it.
Why does Perm solutions have to smell like rotten eggs?
Denise Hummer singing in the ballroom this Wednesday, April 22...lite concessions, $10, 7-9pm. Night-club style entertainment.
Mitigating disasters by hunting down Dragon Kings: Forecasting natural or economic disasters by identifying ...
WAH I fell. Don't hate.
whoa dude awesome! total respect, and party on!
Someone, text me back!
he legged out that HR harder than an attempted single haha
#eventhoughtheyaredecent I'm not watching the KU-KState game because I can't stand either of them.
was not happy to leave Montrose. He had too much fun with Murphy.
This event is a must for any person who wants to make that leap and become a fighter
Thanks tafari for u support brother A&D forever
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time. -Andr Gide.
I wanna be the dos equis most interesting man in th world
I just remembered I have to babysit tonight...I guess I'll go to sleep now so I'm not sleep then
mine too, get out the hair dryer “: Water pipe is froze ...awesome”
Want more pins on Pinterest? says mo' photos, mo' pins! ;)
Ok Cool! Ima check him out, and if yall do make it here just hit me up!! Send me a link to yall tracks.
Been years since I stepped foot in Nawlins. Last time I was here I got to hang with le beauty & muse What to do around town now?
"it is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth, when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound Believe! Believe!"
Casey heard my summer plans about shooting hoes, and ruben, and hobos... what has my life come to
"Jean Valjean, my brother, you no longer belong to evil. ...........I’ve ransomed you from fear and hatred. And now I give you back to God."
Congrats to Arma guitarist Alejandro Guzman and his fiancee Olivia, who welcomed his baby boy into the world on July 24.
Brilliant! Let's market this right away. I'm gonna ride your coattails all the way to the top on this one.
Miao Meow Mrrow right back at ya,
Wish oomf this, I think oomf that. Just tag the damn person!
Damn it I don't want to have to convert to the #Starbucks religion and start drinking lattes religiously to stay up in class!
Thanks for the shoutout, Shannon! How's working at Coke Studio and MTV Unplugged India? Sounds pretty interesting to me...
how you been?
oh okiee c: thanks! ;p
in sure she does butt we're at yuris night tonight. Cc
yeah but I like the newer ones (2007-now)... they look much nicer in my opinion
#YouGetPointsIf you have a good body or amazing eyes and smile. put both of those together and you automatically win
Getting ready to go to a party :-)
University students learn to salsa
I cannot wait for the Believe Album.I dont want to get started on the tour.♥♥♥Bieber I Need you!
As develops employers and a healthy workplace, affirm importance of engaging students for success.
Today is Queen`s day
who you chatting with Raul?
oh nice. Good luck to your team.
It's pretty much pointless to wash my car since I live so close to the ocean.
My pleasure Dezzy!
RT : #LifeLit screen shot of a google "forbidden country" message is a sober reminder that OA in USA does not mean open for everyone
Question yo what?
Hahaha, I'm pretty sure no one can top that.
I hope will go to NZ and have my human fight. That way I get the house to myself for a week
should ask TT if AR12 was excited when he didnt remember where GB was, lol
OK, 3 days into owning a Mac for 1st time. Deep breath. Learning curve. Steve Jobs wasn't a fascist. (maybe) Don't fear change.
im going to the concert all by myself lol
Closing FAZZT77. Please follow , home for and all Sam Schmidt Motorsports tweets.
wow Mike Francesa is amidst a beatdown yesterday+today on Twit. of all medias!
sad but very true...DJ had to be talking under his breath all day!
Remembering the my 1st blizzard. 2006 in Como. Perpetual party at the slums. So il-prepared. No boots, making beer runs to the nogas hard
Whether you need help finding your dream home, selling your home, or looking for an investment property, I can help!
Hardy's attorneys say plea agreement is something Hardy wanted to do to bring some amount of peace to Moore family
Be happy to chat about that!
thank you!
At MLMP Oscar party.
hey now! I like Steven!
Cali girls date the ugliest dudes , what a shame .... What a waste .... </3
Oh you're a Willy Wonka account too? Funny, so are the other fifteen Wonka accounts.
wow. That's fake that you're just now following me. I thought we were cooler than that?!?!?! Lol
#CSS issues are taking up way too much time. Anyone know if there's such a thing as a "CSS debugger" showing _why_ layout is the way it is?
Cleveland didn't experience an earthquake today: it was actually pulling tractors for his last day of training camp
On my way to for the #dhdebate forum!
oh really good fer u em olo
lol to touch the net maybe. You can barely jump on top of a piece of paper!
I'm down cause i might already be planning on going around that time hahaha
Sources who have seen the list of 's line item vetoes say the majority of the money is in Senate Dem districts
What makes you think that?
Congrats Timbuk2: Winner of the '11 BI Achievement Award #BASumtt2011: Uses SaaS BI 2 provide data-driven insight 2 the extended enterprise
she likes ours
“: Happy New Year to all those in #SouthDetroit! #akaWindsor” Love this!
Leaving work late and irritated with campus computing for sending me a warning for exceeding bandwidth. Uploads are my job, you idiots!
My boyfriend plays tuba in his sleep
im going to be at the
Rock chalk
I decided to stop following because his tweets are very alarming to me. TORNADOS ARE MOST LIKELY GOING TO HAPPEN.
New Yorkers: I'll be in NY for the Webby Awards & would love to say hi. I have the most free time on the 19th & 20th if you are available!
good to know how it's spelled! And yes, she's the best I've been to as well.
Hi my name is cici, I try so hard with you & nomatter what I do everything is wrong to you. Should I stop trying or start pretending? ~
Why can't we vote for goalies? Price all the way
when im upset, i listen to when im inbetween when im happy thanks for the music :D my 3 categories. :D
Z, that's so 2008
My daughter woke me up this morning singing dancing till the world ends, thanks Lol
Dr. House is my kind of doctor. When I get sick and have to go to the hospital...I hope that " Dr. House is in the house"...to treat me.
#superbowl party at a friend in pembroke pines. Go Pierre Paul
haha My friends are saying the felt it & I'm like I didn't!! I don't notice anything shake! lol
so like i havent been on twitter for a while, and im hearing rumors on tumblr about chachi, and ian.... hm what i miss?
Great trip to Mitchell park with the dog yesterday! Always friendly dogs there, and plenty of space for them to run.
Aww poor hoarders, they're just doing exactly what our society tells them to. Acquire more materials.
I did last night :( RT : did it snow in wausau. hope not. cold damp day here. pretty miserable
Colorado GOP declares Rick Santorum winner---
Can someone explain to me if the theory of an ever-expanding universe is consistent with the first law of thermodynamics (cons. of energy)?
S/O from the CEO's of Ganksta Entetprize
Say true.
headed to the house then to go get some food then back to the house to chill. if you want to come by or go to lunch give me a shout. leaving
If one wanted to pop into Central Library, would one get stuck in #OccupySD? I mean, I got your back, just need my book club book ...
SLP Resource of the Week: Minimal Pairs Word List/Directory www.pediastaff.com
i thought you didnt like justin..
Oh look, my iPod took a bath.
COME HOME TO ME ROOMIE!
Did you miss us last night? Yes, yes you did. One more nov. show next Saturday record archive 1pm
me neither. One of my favorites on the album
"Defeat is not an option" Charlie Sheen
thanks dear :D
It is so HOT
are you on the first? :o
I really gotta hand it to you.
you are amazing, I love you baby
So who exactly is #Antisec?
i clicked on follow u a few weeks ago.
Start your morning with a Fresh Handmade Breakfast Taco,$1.85 Compare all others for $2.25-2.50. Become a fan on facebook!!
Having fake friends makes you realize how lucky you are for having your best friends.
In Care of Dad | Blog | Making The Photo Book Of Love
But the thing is i'm not hated on by people i know, its the ones i don't know. thats what bothers me. its like GTFO
sorry I missed it. Sounds like you had fun
I gave several free walks this week and I liked it!
Stuck in traffic again. I love LA!
liking the look bud
lol okay you going to get it
If you don't make time for me, then why should i make time for you?"
66. I love WWR (my form) and miss walker is the funniest person on the planet after friday lololololololol.
LOL I am sure u are not the only one
Leaving for my review in an hour, I think it's a good time to pop the anxiety med.
that's how you know you're in Vegas.
Angry guy tried asking old lady w/ walker to move on escalator so he could pass her. I said don't be an asshole dude. People down here, man
Snow believes high unemployment rates are dangerous and every solution to an economic problem leads to another economic problem
That ihop was bomb tho last night/this morning !
Failure is not an option!
They want us to think we're in command.
such a bitch for offending you. Again i am really sorry, hope that you'll forget about how dumb and stupid
Up early as eva wish I could return to my sleep not an morning person at all.
sweet! Tell him to call us
Praise! RT : You can lacquer on all the mascara and sparkly eye-shadow you want but there's no hiding "dead-behind-the-eyes".
yeah it will be :) thanks
No banana hammocks please.
It's Friday! Have you tried Chef Maue's corn flake crusted walleye yet???? M!
All this praise for"I'm for it" is like some guy sayin you should have 32lbs.of air pressure in your tires No braina bs
I really thought my ass was grass! *in my Sayra voice* lol
yet another test
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity.
Looking for an awesome concert in Baltimore this weekend? 8x10 This Friday w/ Brooks Long. *Little Richard Tribute!!*
YES !!!!! I told everybody to pray for us!!!!!
Sunday works. I agree, I don't think there will be non-packed theaters.
questionable statistics can still make your day: my G-Scholar total citations count just broke 100.
is Steven gonna wear pink?
: up now mapping londons populations flows
"Oh, shit, girl, you're single now? Fuck, I wanna get all up in that ass." says the manager of our Duplex. -sigh-
Pfingst adds this is first time in San Diego history that any district attorney has used an open case in a political ad cc:
"If u lose my trust, you're not getting it back unless u work for it. Even then, it probably won't be the same"
LA how are you?
i wanna see jackass 3d so bad!
that was a crap call thou. Should be allowed to challenge a ball
Fools Gold: How the bold dream of a small tribe at J.P. Morgan was corrupted by Wall Street greed and unleashed a catastrophe - Gillian Tett
+1 RT I really wish that on May 12 the #Twins two best starters weren't Scott Diamond and P.J. Walters.
If you knew me in real life I'm an overly obsessive Directioner who love Harry and Niall the most! <33 ;)
Mahomies Love Mama Mahone <3 She's always supported Austin and made him the wonderful guy he is today <3
Sorry....10-4 pm carriage ford is on lewis and Clark parkway
? DM me the link?
Running music experiments on the boy. Curtis Mayfield: Inconclusive. Afrika Bambaataa: Inconclusive. Put on Ghost and he tried to bite me.
To live forever... within the memories we hold so dear... you will be remembered the ones I love and I will hold the memories near.
Hey Jamie , My ICONiac Buddy!!!! xD
...(con't): to tell him that I agree with him that the Patriots earned every victory.”
RT Rally for Solar - Friday, February 25, 12pm Colorado State Capitol - West Steps 200 E. Colfax Ave Denver, Co
hell yes! Had a blast.
I LOVE #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE! giving them as party favors! <3
if you think u know so much put your dried up ovaries to work!
“ That bitch karma handle the petty”
9/21: Check out Prof. Al-Saji speak on "The Phenomenology of Cultural Racism: Veils, Bodies, and the Nature of Culture" at 5pm in Devlin 101
hey sorry boo im online right now
look at my other tweets lol
When you seek for God- you will find Him. He is just waiting for you to ask Him for help.
close your eyes 'n picture the most perfect chica.. if u know SBB u already know who i see. happy tuesday
we've been acting awful tough lately
Eldest "This song doesn't make sense. What does 'I like the way you work it. No diggity. I got to bag it up' mean?"
Are your kids "bored" again today? Give them a holiday badge to rewards good behavior....
will TrueCompliments.com take over Hallmark? I don't know ;)
lmao, you're the first to catch on lol
Random Fact Of The Day: Webb (avon band director) is a Taurus. He also thinks he can scare us by telling us he's a Taurus.
Self-employed people and small businesses should use a computerized system, which reduces missed payments and keeps paperwork down.
best movie ever? Right? :-)
What a nice day. To pretty to stay at work. Going home to work outside and enjoy the day. Lot's of ZUZU fans enjoyed our patio today!!
Happy Sunday Everyone! Waking up to the smell of Godiva's Hazelnut Coffee makes me smile. Make it a great day!!
Kim Fowley, on the radio just now: "What's the difference between traveling, touring and living? Laundry and dry cleaning."
Gonna be a #beerme lunch in #Madison tomorrow for the #Brewer game tomorrow anyone? Game time is 11:35 am Central.
you make me feel much better my love, thank u so much!! And it really means a lot to me that u saw that I'm a little bit +
gotta go with the sentimental one....jury votes is what it's all about
Deals ahead on high-MPG cars as gas prices drop - CBS News
She's going to make me S'wet..On this hot date tonight.
hahah jus changed the channel nd they was bout to have sex in the scene nd im sittin here wit ma parents lol
Daily GTKY question presents guilty pleasure week. What is your favorite guilty pleasure food?
I usually find one and then look at who they follow, and check for verified accts harthanson is a good start or billprady.
& thank YOU for posting the article. I'm not gluten intolerant but I've tried a few of the beers on the list & am not a fan.
i Accepted It The First Time I Juss Dont Want Yu To Sweat It ... &&' i Can't Wait To Go Back ...
too early to take him in 4th?
Blog is up regarding Cru De Gra participants line ups and schedules.
Horse Slaughter Request Spurs Outcry
15.4 million iPads sold in Q4 2011 by #Apple. Who's camping out for an #iPad3 with me?!
Put it in your kidney
Sipping right now
missing out on waffles!
"swinging like a girl" as an insult is UNACCEPTABLE. hope you talk to coach.
Forever crying cause I miss my boyfriend...
And we've got a group from Horton's Kids here too. They are having so much fun. It's adorable!
You , Jarrod and Barry make Storage Wars. Is Dave is a D-bag? YUUUUPPPPPP!
Everyone please tune into in 15 minutes and watch My favorite singer #BehindTheMusic documentary of her life
A wise man once said "radio stations I question their blackness, they call themselves black we'll see if they play this"
RT : "Let the world change you and then you can change the world." -Ernesto Ché Guevara, Motorcycle Diaries An amazing movie!!
So go ahead, judge me.
fat free milk + greek yogurt + strawberries + blueberries + banana + cinnamon + nestle choc milk powder + whey = postworkout shake
yay!!!!!!!!! In coming to see him. Your momma and mine have been talking and she wants us to visit in the hospital :)
Yay yogalates is going to be so much fun...NOT
We're losing Dale Hunter already.. 😔
#RiseandWine !! Fabulous Friday has finally arrived. Cheers
What the fuck is a Ted
very creative!!!
It's a bad sign when Antonio Cromartie is a better strategist than your GM and coaching staff
Oh Boy!!! RT Tickets for #IB5 on 3/4/10 will go on sale Feb 1st - watch this space for more details :-)
YUP I AM U NOW I TAKING HIM TO EAT
No more naps at 7pm on a Saturday night when I plan on going out. That nap took 10 hours it also involved me sending texts I don't remember.
I like February too. Both Aquarians and Valentine's Day are good in my book.
FTs really did not matter. This one has been over
Good morning dear friends and fans. Hope everyone had a delightful weekend. Any unusual stories from the weekend?
Hope to post the full list of Youth Foundation Fair raffle items on Friday. Buy tickets at the YF Booth $5 each or $10 for three tickets.
I need to remember, SVEUM rhymes with GAME.
All the people i FW. are Seniors & Juniors , but now they in college or about to graduate :/
and yet we never see each other...
we flipped for seats...you lost, sorry.
Let the SuperBowl Hype Begin!
I love Torts!!
Why am I only seeing these tweets now?! D: OH, I know: maybe it's cause of the shitload of hw I have to do this week :'(
just to let u know roman_catdaddy really misses u and he wants u to know he's srry check ur kiks
The mark of whether a society is just is how equitably it treats its most reviled members
If you don't love yourself, why should I love you?
Khloe and Mr. T are bonning without any questionss..
++ RT : Q6: getting thru an anti-social media person? Post lots of great stuff about Him / Her ;)
Miller in for Patterson, Harp in for Stokes, and Murani in for Pacheco. Denise is really using the bench to the fullest.
IMA FUCKIGN KILL YOU.so fucking annoyin i swear keep postin mothafuckin tweets and lets see were your page is gonna end up
That's a GREAT idea! #guitar RT : Some sort of handy pocket for my slide.
Alright alright alriiiiiggghhhtttt :)
RT : RT : ❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ Busy Tweeting :D
Are there still people that don't believe in Global Warming Now?
Añejo - aged a minimum of 1 year in small oak casks. 500-600L cask
& have some big things lined up.....STAY TUNED!
Please follow me!
#2011in3words MONEY, POWER, RESPECT!
Ah... First day off in a while. Feels good after a very successful weekend at Andy's with CGQ.
you should follow me back..😊
that was funny..and I calkl
I'm just gonna say YEE & pretend that I know what a 'pink dolphin' is..
I think it's adults now. No choice about it. :-)
if everybody goes to harvard who is going to pick up trash and clean the hotels ?
ready to go
RT : Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. - Henry Ford
Snot rockets provide squeelers fans with a lunch sufficient with their level of integrity.
this is going the to be a slobber knocker
:-) RT : I'm watching this show called 4th and forever about poly football team it's a documentary
That can be so hard to deal with, especially if it involves revealing unpleasant events or people.
Jam fall to the D-Fenders 93-87.
yes! Email me if you want to be apart of it.
thank you for a great # #HallOfFame, and also for playing 2 compositions by , its been good listening in
Why do women have mid-life crises? Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
Yes. Stay strong.
Is it true that the more you try to get something, the more distant it becomes?
This game and series have been a joke! I am gonna throw something at tv!!
'A Cross to Bear' will be available an eBook in 2 weeks. Thanks for all the support.
crud....I wish the 2 of them would pull their collective brains out of thier backsides so we can get back to watching the blzrs
since when
Keep running! Say no to SB5 ;-)
Probably safer. As we put it, the numbers reveal more idiocy than it is healthy to think about
RT : I'm taking the SmartCommute Challenge < I'm in NYC & don't have a car, do I qualify? :)
Is Dave Letterman necessary?
Oh my goodness, just KILLED it. I had chills the entire time!!!!
aha its a date, next Saturday! anyone fancy joining us?
Traffic on 95 makes me miss the MARC train.
No high-fiving allowed in the NBA playoffs!
Need a #massage STAT! #suggestions in the #Milwaukee area?!
Ah, so sweet. Watching you conquer the ladder will only add to the list of impressive talents you possess.
In the beginning...copyright was 14 years.
Saturday - 4/2/2011 - Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT & BIG WORM
They talked on the phone. Ryan offered to come back from a trip to meet with Uthoff. He declined.
Now that I had a Coke from Mexico- I am ruined for American Coca~Cola
amen n we want spirit is spirit..
on DM? I don't sent to u nothing, I don't know! Wait, I'll to see! ;)
Thanks for being awesome!
Totally agree. WE NEED OFFENSE!
I've already made it a great day. Now I just need to continue with that theme ;-)
well duh I want to see! Sorry for being rude, I would thoroughly enjoy it.
CDR #SHOUTOUT to One Of The Realest Artist Out For Placing his Collabo w Brighton U.K's on RIZ Album Feat.
whataburger craving right about now
You know what one day im gonna throw a party with FAKE alcohol and see how many people get drunk
We all know a slut named Megan.
hahahahaha, surprised I didn't to be honest, because it's usually me that that sort of stuff happens too;-)
So I guess I'm bout to hit Venice with this baddie 😉✌
NY one last Dec. had disappointing turnout.
You're dead on & I couldnt agree more...
Love has no other desire but to fulfill itself. To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night.
top of the norms to you Jay!!!
GM beautiful people :-)
Fac and staff dev project parlors esp. energized today. Good reminder from presenter Trzeciak: improving learner/user experience is goal.
Hey , so i hear its national kissing day... MWAH!! <3 Keep being awesome!
That is so cool man. Vanessa and I want a puppy but our Apt complex doesn't allow dogs. 😏
If anybody will asked me:"U're happy?",i say yes i do.Cos i've man,who i realy love...
We have a reverbnation but choose not to use it. No clean tracks atm, our 1st EP is going to be released sometime in 2012
Can u send me that blog u said was bad about me
No problem :)
lol not I
March, the time of year I just pretend it's warm.
no to my right at the top
thank you so so so much to everybody that came out tonight, we will be given away the book via twitter tomorrow, stay tunned
Scored a crapload of vintage Xmas lightbulbs today for cheep, crazy kitschy wreaths coming to a door near you soon!
I wish I lived in the UK.
Just had a very strange dream about the Presidential race.
2hrs hasta que sea el cumpleanos de royce in Los Angeles
": But Romneycare was already a thing by 2008. True. But OBcare wasn't. I fear that w/ Mitt we all but take it off table
Lol Manning not interested in Titans? That's why there is a meeting scheduled! haha Come back to Tenn! Manning+CJ2K+Britt=#SB47!
teaching #AfroLatinAmerica today. we will discuss the long history of black politics in Latin America & social science approaches
That was a weak T.
Groovy T Waddup
Enjoy sitting in your car for 5 minutes! RT : I'm sprinting out of the room......
Giving a happy Grannies hello to our newest followers, !
He explained that once a person has gotten the flu, they are done for the season..so getting a flu shot after you had it is pointless.
Hee Hee Hee! The Chicago elections board looks sillier than a gopher with its gonads greased!
You can also find us on iTunes so shouldn't you check it out?
I'm getting Bullish on
I used to host a radio show, any excuse to have a good looking woman in the studio, I get it!! Good on ya!
Dome looks very beautiful. How far away is this from Rome?
woaah, i did not just call him my boyfriend -__- lol
Since Brady got with her/Gisele he has lost two Super Bowls. Hm
It's not that we want to kill capitalism..Capitalism is killing itself
Sorry I missed you guys! Was headachey and tired after theater, so I headed home. Yes, I'm old and lame. :)
Quantifying cost of new offshore supplier: 30% of each dollar is attributed to the transition
#BelieveMemphis. That is all!
It was a joke! RT "I made enough lasagna for our Valentine's Day dinner to feed leftovers to my three other girlfriends!"
Jacques is the only exception.
please follow me??? I love you Alex (:
made it past the death trap that is Rosslyn. Trains seem 2 b sharing tracks. Luckily "major delays" turned into minor delays
Parking is frustrating right now. But, you can get $5 a week pass to assure a spot in a lot. LMK if you want more info.
No doubt she would have been mortified. Not as mortified as the Quinnite Nation, but mortified nevertheless.
Got the call today and forsure got the venue!! So exciting to put my show on with headlining !
Review your keywords a few times per year. You may find a topic/keyword that you overlooked that keeps appearing
when i watched his video tonight.... i wanted to cry. seems like yesterday he was just messing around with alex on ShootUsDown
Stewart is up front about what he does. Daisey only admitted to changing things after being called out; then he admitted to lies
PRAYING makes it through this round on !!! Jamar, you're amazeballs! Milwaukee loves you!!!
RT : Were in NYC this whole week. If your in the area and want to build with us! Get at
I predict an early spring, so I shaved my beard off! Take that, groundhog.
"Keep your face to the sunshine and you will not see the shadows".
The best thing about Baton Rouge is that you can almost always hear the wistful, plaintive moan of a train whistle in the background.
Back in Cali, Back to the Grind...
Tebow's a BEAST!
RIP Casey Blake's awesome beard.
did you know that ganoderma licidum is an adaptogen must have a normalizing effect, that counteracts such disturbances?
your free-trade ideas are great! Think you should absolutely incorporate them to your class ideas!
2nd period is suppose to be Science. Instead its a room filled with kids copying one kids homework for math class next period.
#meet1Dwithroz wanna know how to make this directioner smile ? If you pick her to win those tickets(:
Mark Zuckerberg is now officially my 2nd friend on Google+... lol
How can some Lowes employees that are coming to Bristol meet Jimmie? We are from the store that finished 2nd in store cup!
Back at home been out allday...tired...
I got my belly button done today!:)
If it is anything like the comics, you come back no matter what.
we cango too her
Server's down for maintenance at 3:45 CST?
FINALLY ! It's about time you joined ;)
All I ask for is to talk for 15 mins before she goes to work. And out of 2+ hours she can't make room for me.
Eye candy galore, solid flick! RT : Damn the Avengers was all that!
Your So LUCKY! Omg i live so far way from the ICONic Boyz it SUCKS!):
'the wanted suck' me: bitch I'd kill you but I'm totally against animal cruelty.
oh no. Clear the roads everyone.
EVERYBODY KNOWS IM A MOTHERFUCKIN MONSTER.
for all your promo needs email us tyapromotionsandconsulting we have build your own affordable packages.
Destroy what destroys you
no meeting tonight!
Sounds like the perfect day! See you soon!
Moving right along on my to do list.
lmao! Maybe she can get caddy tatted on her arm ha!
Oh Your tweets make my day!
AH!!! SO EXCITING!! I can't wait! We love you Peyton and always will be reppin 21. :)
I wish my best friend would answer her phone when I need her to the most.
We have a Bobbitt winner. with #9INCHESshorter fyi Stop by for your prize.
just did. thanks!
Rage Against The Machine has always been my energy band. It's sort of rap-metal.
“: Need to read up to Luke 14 so that me and my honey can finish reading Luke together....” get it in love, I'm on 16 ,17-18 tmr
Best in Show.
will miss you both
Its not unlikely for you visit Austin! Follow the Austin PC Twitter!
Nothing beats Madison in the summer, too much fun.
Sometimes I want a dislike option on the facebook status feed
have fun with your family. I'll talk to you later. love you.
Heey I Was Just Wondering If Everyone Can See this tweet . I'm testing something out .
I agree with this, but I prefer LC to Dewey. :)
Clint Eastwood for president. Detroit for America's Most Promising City. (tm) Good job
Every guy on the Bachelorette looks like they are going to feel up this broad every time they go in for a hug.
Hope everyone is ok.
great day for a long run.
ThermoEnergy Issues Clean Coal Technology Reminder for Earth Day - MarketWatch (press release)
Texas Librarians: K-12 databases or Britannica if you had to make a choice?
@#%? Yes somethings are too good , to be true.%$#@
Block party on our street in Maryland. Having too much fun. Wonderful neighbors and the best food ever and i did not have to do a lot...:)
Not tired..
Remember: that's not ME in the bathroom.
Ayee Swagg! I just started on the book Yesterday & I'm done already! That book was good A'f . OML #TheSimpleGift!
Side note: Thanks to overhearing my wife, my three year old tells me that she's "having female problems." Um.. OK?
I've got a beef with the housing market
Love your book "Metabolic Efficiency Training" - you say to avoid whole grains in prep, are we trying to avoid glycemic load?
Awake at this time bc i cant breathe. I hate being sick :( & work meeting at 2 might as well kill me now.
45 and sunny in Jan makes no sense, but i'll take it.
Got the experience wii game last night...omg so fun!! And what a workout lol
A thousand boys would tell her that shes beautiful, but it doesn't mean anything unless its from "HIM"
When your crush doesn't post that many pictures of himself on Facebook
Why are your tweets protected?
(Sorry for language, I am kind of irritated.)
I am following you!:)
Our membership drive is going well as we canvass the Broad Ripple area to renew membership dues, 10 volunteers from 8 posts.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I hate You
My son Kamashae is Polo down to the socks.
