Stupid twitter wouldnt let me log in X?
just gonna sit here alone while everyone i go to school with gets high tonight ... -_-
YOU EXCITED FOR NAKED TEETH!!!!?????
i know your probably, most likely tired because we ur fans want you to follow us all. please follow me n_n :D
happy thursday diane and
can't forget "face down, ass up" from 2 Live Crew!
I'm so nervous I feel like I'm going to throw up.
You treat me like a joke and I'll leave you like its funny
I love getting paid only to pay off credit card, car insurance, phone bill & utilities and have less than half left.
thanks for your comment and RT.
Congrats to Saipin Chutima of Lotus of Siam on her James Beard award!
The highlight of our casting June 8, was a "painting dog"... I couldn't believe it...a pekinese that paints!
follow back? :)
“: What's everybody up too today?? Football???” cmon now, where's your husband from ???
Excited to be going to the Rockets games this Wednesday and Friday! Great road trip.
i can be depressed!
I'm hungry!
I knew it would be great! :D A+++
Watch cartoons with me if you're a true friend.
ahh love it i will totally be at six flags tomorrow as well hopefully i will run into you!!!!
Gunna try out Windows 8 tonight... not sure what I'm expecting
you da best
thank you for live tweeting the trial!
Man some lil ugly ass fat girl watchin me and my brotha eat some cheez it.....can you say
Diabetes is a hell of a disease.
Thank you Arsenal for dropping points, Love Spurs!
a lot are, warrant holders are churning as well. After July, AIS should be freed up to run to near 5 I think
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun
Appreciate the love.
M! Cheese (in Homer Simpson drooling voice) Yumm!
Lol not this one, but you have been!
Who's up someone text me
I originally had it down for next week too. Not sure where that came from. You'll have a good time tonight regardless!
love it!
What it do fam I need to holla atcha asap
To make Miami even more fitting for #tebow - just as Denver shipped off Lloyd midseason, Fins were preemptive in doing the same w/ Marshall
Might as well take a quick nap while I can before this class at 4.
Project Diaries on sale now at NorrisPimpton.com
I didn't get to catch up on my sleep this week. Oh well..
OMG! That's amazing!:D
Is that beer big or are Damon's hands really small?
glad you liked it. Now my girls start it every time that song comes on in the car. Haha.
It can help you get more exposure. Also, get on youtube if you haven't already. Put your videos on youtube.
RT Excited to show a sneak peak of Relaborate to the group at #MarketMix right now. Getting closer to a more public release...
will do! thanks! :)
I don't know what I would do without and his music.
ha ok
Awww I already received a bday email from !!
I'm proud of u Lil bruh!!...keep elevating ur game an mind state on these beeyitch as niguhs!(Free M.A.C voice)
I'm seeing a lot of tweets about Brian McKnight. What did he do? Someone pls update me.
How many days a week do you lift weights? That is the hardest thing for me b/c I LOVE cardio so much. What's your strength training routine?
I'm in the H tonight bro RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!
Been there in Summer, depends on if you don't mind humid-hot weather, I personally don't mind it. Universal will be a blast
did you mean booties
Less than 3 Hours to Vote for Ron Paul! Do the right thing #NewHampshire !
i don't know
congrats!! Where? Oh, and I recently started at arena, so staying in dc!
So who will be nice enough to send me a pinterest invite?
He's so adorable!!!
You ever get phone hair?
It's so nice out
As I tweet I see 3 styles: Haiku style (wit & grace); link to useful & practical content; and finally - annoying twit.
Just booked my flight to London - July 4th through August 20th with various travels in between!
ALL HAIL SEGUIN!!!!!
If God didn't want us to eat meat...he would've made made cows outta tofu instead of steak! ;-)
Celebrate the Indianapolis Recorder on September 25th from 3:30-5:30 at the Cook Theater-Indiana Landmarks. Join us!
Let me give your heart a break.
Seau suicide so freaking sad... Nothing to say really, I just feel for his family. Especially his kids.
listening to A Thousand Years by Christina Perri its the shit
A Chard Day's Night
Thank you for your help! My dog son is not a very happy camper right now, and i need help asap!
People are attach to certain ways of thinking.
Sorry, but I hope he doesn't get it.
Beer Battered Fish Fry Friday! Yet another reason to love Wisconsin on Fridays ;)
: If it were a real national emergency, many of us would not receive notification. It is 2011. We need more than TV alerts.
I love 's tweets about the rangers! Let's go boys!
At the movies and a FancyFeast commercial comes on. Ending line - "The best ingredient is love." Woman behind me - "It's true!"
I feel like every new singer I hear now is trying to be Yim Yames.
hay Ryder Rockers i just blogged about a film i'm in subscribe so you can get deetz n tweetz!
i am sad today!! my bf is sad too! :( this is a sad day!
Crowdsourcing, pls. Incorporating multiple perspectives = greater engagement with the content.
#bestbritishbands The Beatles! (2 trending topics in one!)
Summer has come early to the east coast! Hope everyone takes an extra 15 minutes to enjoy the weather today!
LOLOLOLOLOL YOU WOULD
i haven't received a daily roll up in two days...
Keaton, we're on it. Spinning up more photos over the next few weeks - wanted to make sure we got it right. Thanks!
Those are awesome! Sports should be that glittery!! Playing the glam way! :)
trying to figure out details-I'll let you know.
lol perfect.. Cookie monster hath no conscience.
“: oh get ready! It's crazy good #revenge” that's what I hear!!!!
Niece in bed by 8:45, papers graded,
Time to make myself make myself stretch and grow a bit.
When your purpose in life involves more then just trying to please yourself and more about serving others then it is easier to do it - sd
hahah I'm still trying. I've gotta drive a few hours to work for my dad so I'll be struggling for sure
Made it to my 3rd trimester. 84 days left!
THAT'S COOL!! I'd like to have Rims with this logo!
Isn't it! I found it on San Diego Bargain Mom's facebook fan page.
Just power arched out of JP!! Go go Boston!!!!
On a conference call with First Lady Michelle Obama as she announces a new initiative for military families.
Why is there no food in this house😔
ur so lucky!!! i hope i get lucky tomorrow for my bus... :-(
If someone can tell me what i was trying to do on the dancefloor last night it would be much appreciated #solcantina #robot?
yeah! I'm trying to get some too! Just let me know what you decide! We need to do our rooming early if you do.
I have actual sea coral in my left knee. How random is that coming from an actress in L.A.?
I didn't win the lottery. Damn.
Today: noon - pm Celebrate Asian Pacific American Family Day ~ art activities, tours, storytelling, and music + dance performances.
no I haven't!! I just heard the bad news. There's a petition?!
Working out in the yard, mowing and trimming. I thought I just did this last week?!
Call the bad ones and make em choose
I'll definitely be doing some taste testing, I like to keep my finger on the pulse of the burger scene!
Let's go Giants!!
I am just watching = LSAT coming soon!
Damn people shit so loud in the school bathroom !:0
Homeowner says sexually violent predator is NOT living at her home.
You're welcome! RT : I just saved a ton of money on my car #insurance by switching from #Geico. Thank you !
(jen) Listening to Voice Over demo reels for a current project - entertaining! p.s. I love my job.
lol I was really hoping for something more gritty and raw for that track honestly.
CPA test questions make me question my understanding of the English language
The south kinda ruins my whole Xmas/New Year situation with its being hot n junk..but it's still a Merry Holiday Season anyway!! ♥
Text marketing is a way to monetize your ads. Text marketing is not a branding method that pays off later. It pays back immediately 10%-30%!
Happy Halloween! Tweet us photos of your costumes!
Damn today... Damn today to hell!!! LOL Nah, not to hell but not here either.
EAT LOCAL, #ABQ!Nominate a restaurant that you feel has the passion, attitude, and heart for the community to deserve a Rocked out Makeover!
Brightening our national HQ on E. 125th St. this week - Stacey Cox, our Senior Director of Site Management & Director of California Programs
#SCTEBOW Tim Tebow is the most popular football player today. He is just so inspiring. He is just an overall great football player.
TODAY! REDDSTONE'S PATIO IS GETTING BLESSED @ 4:30 MADISON CRAWL PERFORMANCE TO FOLLOW. I WILL BE THERE!
how and when did Happy Endings become so smart? but just remember how that worked out for Community.
All tied up now. No looking back.
Oh, this is all part of a plan. It's not a good plan. Well, it's good if you're rich.
Thanks. :-) And nice to meet you!
Back on track...feels good.
My aunt just texted me saying I hope you stay out of jail this weekend
How's that working out for you so far?
#FF Thanks for the RTs this week
You should come to Virginia for some REAL sweet tea... Okay, it's northern Virginia, but that still counts, right?
i asked for one from jessi but she never replied :/ I talked to Debi and she said she was gonna send me 1 of Hannah(:
Now why you think you take a Hoe to a Hoe-tel Hoe -tell everybody, even the mayor Reach up in the sky for the Hoe-zone layer -
haha would be nice huh?
Who bought tickets for Austin's Concert?
FOLLOW ME OR GET LEFT
sitting watching csi snd eating cookie dough ice cream yayyy
deep breaths.....
the one with the leaf from great grandma's hollyhock.
Great venue, fantastic turnout and amazing food! What more can you ask for in an Oysterfest?!
Hit me like a ton of bricks. Break my heart. Time to get me on another level.
I hope RIP Rutgers Football is not the case.
Yes, but he probably told you that after a half-dozen-or-so IPA's ;-)
You know she's to young when she thinks created sweet dreams for the first time....
STUPID TEACHER I DONT LIKE HER ! -.-t
Thank you! Right back at you.
We're going to miss our seniors ! Can't wait to see their awesome work in the future
RT : stimulating w/ . Great insight from really smart UX pros in Cbus!
i want to die. I have like all the question/prompts typed up. Thats it. I wanna go to bed:(
I hope #Steve Jobs is well, he has made me mucho dinaro!
He's old, white, and male. It's the Self-Righteousness Trifecta!
Just left million dollar house... amazing! If u can or could would you buy one?
Aw shucks!
Never been to the Resch Center, so I can't really speak to its atmosphere.
She never compromises... Loves babies and surprises ;)
I'm so excited for the Adult Reading Challenge!
She got her a replacement Phone I need me one...
Adult bullies...seriously how immature are you!?
The light up acts are getting kind of old..
come to Louisiana !
Are you a total shoe girl? Why or why not?
Not feeling work today :(
NATALIE WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU YESTERDAY??xx
ask for more access to #HStNE! X2 too many stops. X9 not enough hours and should be a double bus. Need Circulator!
The Wanted in Wisconsin.
none better. Range. Creativity. Lyrics. Showmanship. Win
We are so excited for performance on July 29th at #gardenwalk Anaheim !!!
driving all day and i've only been to one museum, three galleries, and two bookstores. one more gallery, then home
Picking up my new juicy glasses
Enjoy! And remember, #BASHH runs way late!
Plasma TV Reviewer » Blog Archive » Gas Fireplaces are Taking ...
Today was my last day with seniors-except those taking the AP GOV exam tomorrow. The rest will be on a field trip. Then graduation practice.
Didn't even recognize Aunjanue Ellis in this episode of #NYUndercover with Terrence Howard being Buster & Claudia/Bonnie & Clyde.
What if I just let them both do it.. can I do that? It's because my mommy won't be here and I never hear my alarm.
Stay tuned for the results of the 1st Early Bird Drawing!
The Heat stomped the Lakers and it has no impact on who will win the title. At least it can calm the prisoners of the moment in the media
having crazy dreams lately....just want a solid night of sleep!
I'd like to live in a world where toaster strudels and Little Debbie's are essential food groups.
i did, now follow me.
My parents don't know I'm Bi :P Yet for that matter... So far all they've been doing is throwing around this religious
Headed to bed cause Im going to be at BOOT CAMP on Chirstmas EVE!!!!!
LOL! Only when necessary.
I hope #DennisCombs wins race for Mayor of Longmont, CO. They are watching the results come in right now!!! Shout it out if you are a fan.
heck yeah I do!! :D haha
SCRATCH last tweet lol -- 40 minutes left to get your tweet to us about your #mother for chance to WIN band!
oh my word! do mine(:
I Missed Victoria Justice On Ellen :( Anyone Else See It?
I just walked into a Ricky's in midtown. That could kill your love of Halloween real quick.
Pamela Cameron honoring her son Matthew. Fierce and fearless
Messy mix of rain, freezing rain, sleet and snow for much of WI: 1-2" south, 2-4" central; 3-5" north. Roads look to become slick.
Thank you for the calculator. I'm sorry I missed you! Stop by and say hi when you can.
ALL THESE HOES SCARED OF ME
That is awesome.
band practice tomorrow. Thank god! I've missed practice, I'm excited
just a question! I do not understand this but is Jamie not Bonnie's brother?
Internet issues? No need to call the cable company when you're staying with us. Just met the tech at apt & got internet DL speed to 50 Mbps!
The Land of Whatever: It&#39;s time to restore the music to MTV--whether ...
I SEE YU MOMAZ! AN HELL YEA LETS GET IT! #KUCCIENT DUH
Just found out I could buy a killer whale submarine for $100,000. Gotta get some money together.
congrats on the news!
watching Stanford and south Carolina girls sweet sixteen , not sure who I want to win tho
The zombies on The Walking Dead move faster than the storylines.
Just landed in SD!!!!
just got my wife to measure so it's up-to-date but we've never done this. Got 39/16/33.5. BR tops fit me great.
Coming home from Vermont tomorrow. It's been fun but I'm ready to go home. I can't believe that I'm saying that!
Gotta learn to love yourself, before you love someone else.
Gonna go running with annie(:
Love your family, work super hard, live your passion. — GARY VAYNERCHUCK
Who knows what miracles you can achieve when you believe R.I.P
I knew there had to be a reason why I still subscribed to ALA Council.
80 degrees in Chicago today!! So excited!
aww shit gone head and win that congratulations tho that's what's up 👍
2day was a gud day 4 us bros wit some more hard work n faith its lukin pretty green in da future
So good to run into you the other day! I need to start coming to classed with you so we can have our catch up seshes!
that sounds like a good #relaxing vacation!
Can I come out here all the time? It's pretty cool around here! I'll keep an eye out for him.
Look forward to hearing report RT : Heading to the White House today for the Jewish Social Justice Roundtable!
tell him hi
Just got a coupon for 72% off crossfit classes for a month...should I get off my lazy butt and do it??
its cause lorena said that she is gunna drop by at my house like at nine and i was like 0_o haha she said its cause she is
I remember those days. Best you can do is be calm & roll with it. Everything will be fine.
#sonyc "we are cultural animals strengthening our tribe" (cultural cognition)
RT“: Anyone can do a "run" but everybody can't usher you to the throne.”
Mega Millions is will have to change its name to Mega Billions if nobody won.
Reading Adrienne Rich's "The Problem With Lorraine Hansberry," in
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 16
Thanks so much!
yes, that would be weird.
yeah it better be!
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and the world laughs louder.
tonight was one of the best raw ever
Having a blast with Kammie, Rachel, Reagan, and Cameron! Can't wait to see the #HungerGames tomorrow!!
Shout out to please follow them they will
mac miller is mine.
Hey I just wanted to say there's a snake in my boot
Today sucked and it's not even over. This shit needs to be over. I can't wait..
always falls asleep while texting. Or watching tv. Or sometimes while having conversations.
Scheming like the preacher in church he sellin hope
Threshold (NASDAQ: THLD) to Present at the JMP Securities Healthcare Conference on Sept 27th
Sweetwater nights w/ kelly, james, will, and jordan.
Fun Night =]
HA! How do I get myself in peril so they can come save me?
celebrating #ConstitutionDay in classes today.
Get FREE ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 7492
if u say so -__-
That awkward moment when your best friend rolls down your window when you pull up to a clown at a stop light cause she knows you hate them..
Ok nuff bout the Its almost time WHUTUPDOE 2 all my fellow GREEN BAY FANS??? Where U from?
Thank you for your support.
you're the best!! I can always count on u!
HOWEZ everybody doing???
Nice! Enjoy
Small Occupy contingent was prepping as I ran around Lake Merritt. Guy putting on Anonymous Mask and another a black face mask. How brave.
just say no to zombies.
We know lol that's all you've tweeted about all day lol its pretty good tho :)
Myh battery is fucking empty D;
Without respect, love is lost. Without caring, love is boring. Without honesty, love is unhappy. Without trust, love is unstable.
Thanks for the RT.
both are beautiful!! But there is something cool about the quiet if winter…. Happy new year!
I hope it kills you to see me happy with someone else.
Happy Easter! Enjoy your egg hunts! I Dare you to try to find my eggs, I've been hiding them for years.
aww man I just left today I was there for the wkd
True, this was nice story >>> RT I would agree except for Bucs signing paralyzed Rutgers player.
Im soo white ):
Yay! Excited to see you there!
cinco de mayo celebration at school today hahaha mexican pride!
It is 100000 degrees in the office today.
You da token.
going to have an Etta James marathon today! Loved her, what an amazing woman.
I am in a state of musical awe... Jessica Sanchez & Josh Ledet is the reason.
need to read before I go teach and not really feeling it today...heading to DC tomorrow...GO PHILLIES
Yep. I'm tired of it.
how have you been doing?
that one was definitely a crowd pleaser! Thanks for joining us!
Very soon. Stay posted
“: #nw Battleship ... and it ain't even out yet!”***hook a nigga up
S4: Best Practices change over time. Must follow today's best practices while forming best practices for tomorrow.
RE: : gotta love that girl... hahahahahahahahahaha and her car issues.....
Did you buy it?
workin on it!
Did I just eat a quesadilla filled with sweet and sour chicken....... indeed. Thanks chino bandido
Ready for bad weather? Call us for mag-chlor sidewalk de-icer before 1pm for same day delivery in Midtown. 410 528-1512
Goal!!! 4-1 #Devils Hey Philly, You Suck. Going back to NJ tied at 1
: back at ya, now following
I'm just saying, if you need a high res headshot, why get a boring one? Southerners have perfected gauze and creepy props.
another test... #e206 undefined
Did you sail across the sun, did you make it to the milky way to see the lights are faded. Man heaven is overrated.
yea i no
Has Anybody Ever Beat Labisan In One On One?
Forgot it was St. Patrick's Day and didn't wear a stick of green. Thankfully, I only got pinched one time. LOL
Things I'd do to Greg James omg
Thanks homegirl. Hair theme! :)
Highschool changes people, that's kind of why I don't want to go quite yet.
Shaq looks like he ate Ben Roethlisberger
ALMOST FINISHED WITH PHASE 1 of the site... will release site soon... working on a few tee designs for feedback... stay tuned.. "B" Creative
My mother's menu consisted of two choices: Take it or leave it. -- Buddy Hackett
People that wear jean shorts need to be slapped
’Twas a tough brawl…but we prevailed!
#FF Cookie Love! Dispensary
Taking Care of business. Behind the scenes.
Modern fresh utopian film ideas? Where are the positive future films to inspire change? Lots of bleak future films. Need more super utopias.
Just been on one of the new met line trains, air con, walk through carriages...the most pleasant tube journey I've been on. Well done tfl
What book are u reading?
According to ,#manning left the practice facility with Elway& Fox. Where did they go after that?Where did they drop him off?
Got my best friend back <3 yay!
has a really solid fiction shortlist. Glad to see LIGHTNING RODS get some much deserved respect
so im going to be 2 year older than u
What a dissapionting loss for Syracuse.
Ramirez shouldn't have run on that, but I understand him pushing and respect the hustle. Didn't know he was THAT slow though
Free love has no place in a free society.
Board Members? For corworking you mean?
Izhane, U will <3 R lacefronts! We match the hairline so it's not easy 2 see it's a wig & we can teach U 2 make UR own! Enjoy,ttyl
Wish you have a 80grade performance tonight! I will miss tonight but it was awesome to see master mind behind
24 days till HvZ!! Sign up now!
I know, just surprised how many places in Madison are marked
How dare they make me feel sorry for Betty RT Yup. RT : We've all been there, Betty.
follow me! You know you love data!
RT "Imagination is more important than knowledge." ~Albert Einstein (1879-1955) #Quote (via )
Why does make these #MadMen previews so awkwardly vague?
#realfriends are always loyal
Sometimes you simply have to ignore all of Tom Foolery's shenanigans.
sweet I am so down! And I'm free most of the summer! Let me know when you find out any details! I'll dm you my number:)
eating a three meat pizza while reading this tweet, yw
Excited to show a sneak peak of Relaborate to the group at #MarketMix right now. Getting closer to a more public release...
Winding down from a relaxing weekend.
Whenever you're near Portland Oregon, drop us a line, love to interview you on TV Show for your Teen Cause.
Partying with my first professional acting leading lady tonight as she celebrates another year of life! I love you, girl!!
Thanks! You were too far away to see the white knuckles of terror gripping the podium. :)
Ok i'll get it😳 *goes in face first* RT : I just lost a quarter in my boobs 😂😂😂😂😂 I really can't find this bitch!!
your not. at all.
Girls that wear Victoria's secret >>>>>
Nathan Ryan on Top Shot USA! Yehhh boii
lmao i do perfectly it's not thatt bad I think the actual back hurt me more than the skull I got right below the back of my neck .
Awesome! Welcome to Mpls, !
Thanks for the shout out, woman! :)
Doors are opening
No problem, He is awesome and I really hope he wins! He deserves it!
"Growth can mean different things to different people." Mayor Berry
Hey! Thanks.
Please & thank you!
Damn. no clean sweats.
New bartender: 'On the rocks with ice?'
Yes! Down with Michigan and Duke! “: Is having your bracket busted worth getting to watch some crazy March Madness upsets?”
That's what I can't wait to see.
glad you got the #hashtag thing down.
Is this a clever sting op, in which you are told you have won the lottery and the SWAT team is waiting when you arrive?
My cousin graduates today.
You have a good memory. I might have to slip your name in next time.
So excited. My new and improved website will launch next week!
“: I didn't fall, I attacked the floor.”
Eager for my first visit to this morning.
yesterday's teachable moment: when your wife is yelling "EW! EW! EW!" you probably don't want to come see what she's looking at.
Quote from my sis-in-law (mom to 3 and 5 yr old boys) "I just let them fight it out until they start using weapons."
such a fan of goode co seafood gumbo - it has its own speed dial button on my phone.
WWW.kabajunkremoval.com Is the best junk removal service in minneapolis
Thank you!!
Is your muffin buttered..?
i should be tired right now..
Looking for a great six month rental in Mill valley? www.70madroneparkcircle.com
Be individually satisfied and collectively complimented....
Would be nice to see Darren Collison do something
I dunno. I am not neutral at all about pigeons. Rats of the sky.
Sitting at work in pain.. I need a break ! Vaca plzz!!
thanks so much!!
Watching American Idol, drinking wine, & eating kettle corn!
I gave up after season 3
yea!! Did you read my tweet before that tweet? If not go look & you'll understand :) haha
Beds: an amazing invention.
NASA CHCO Toni Dawsey: ldrshp trng @ NASA driven by peers/leaders working w/ each other & mentoring others vs strictly top down
Remember Micheal Jackson
Obama, you are awesome.
Season's Greetings and Merry #TEDx -mas from America's Finest City!
Well, that was damn fun. Thanks to , Carla Rhodes + Pancakes O'Malley, and everyone who came out last night!
Forgot to tell you that the May issue of In Style had a great pic of David & Victoria. Maybe it was at the Oscars.
thanks bro.. Now it's time for you and to take over next year in football
Love Aaron Craft's game....think it'll translate to next level?
See what happens when 2 depts that share a border can hear each other on their radios.
So, I went to the movies yesterday, saw #21jumpstreet......SUCKED!
Lets just say what it is.....you don't care anymore
I know! We did that Facebook 'No. 1 song when you were born' thing and our intern's song was something from U2's Joshua Tree.
TONITE: Saint Rose,Transmit Now, It's Alive, IDivide, Viator Saint at THE FARM
Well I approve of it nao so boomshakalaka k.
Oh, I see you will be speaking on Web Analytics Simplified!
Whatever it is, they need to knock it off. Its scary and the dog is spazzing out.
This is completely pathetic.
MY INSPIRATIONS!
Mistakes are a great educator when one is honest enough to admit them and willing to learn from them.
that nigga lying we may say blood but we bang streets n hoods my nigga pull that niggas card
we'll need to leverage social media to help promote #PONYRIDER (jk it sells itself)
LOL, true! They gave him the ball, it was his 50th career hit.
Making a holiday gumbo today from scratch. it's gonna be so good :-)
Any thoughts of playing Posada at first?
Gum class heroes Iz the new shot :-)
Parents really are great sometimes.
Huge THANKS to for having me on his #radio show tonight & everyone who took the time to listen in!
i know thats wat i thought too
I'm off today AND tomorrow! BOOM!! Unintentionally planned but much needed..the girls are driving me cray cray lately
MT : Please follow my MN colleague to thank her for speaking up in support of #VAWA yesterday -Al
lies!! We are here with tank tops!!
The Wedding will be a celebration after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
lost it and now im sad
Love to see a New Castle goal! What a goal. great ball control and fab shot!
MUHAHAHA BAD WOMAN ♥
on our way to #rage I hope you're prepared?
is finalizing federal reports on homelessness to help local agencies access funding to
Thank you for following NSHMBA-NM!
SUMBODY COM GET MUH CUP A KOOL AID I CAN'T SPILL THAT SHIT THAT SHIT IS GOOD
who many of you would enjoy drinking some scotch right now?what about champagne? come to my desk...i've got them both! and they taste god!
I am not sure...jut always interested in how people hear about me...thanks for the follow...are you an actress in LA?
Just over it Laurel Canyon. Lights flickered a few times about 15 mins ago and then 'Buh-Bye'.
NEW SONGS ARE UP! Including our single: Amber Leaves.
#Unoherpussygoodif it can keep u off the streets
ah yes I used to call my ex "duck" (along with sweetie, etc.) and that one will always remain his
Last night saw #SuzanneFiol parade going past my window - sounded wonderful, what a great memorial
Geolocation, push-based ads help to inform and to sell, but what can they do to improve non transactional exchanges?
We have now added a new member to the Armistice family! Please welcome Andrew Cash of Connery as our new lead guitarist!
who needs food lol
If you are free, you are not predictable and you are not controllable.
Now entering the great state of
Your Mayor will be right over! MT : Game of the Week Kangaroo Sausage with Roasted Garlic-Chipotle Dijonnaise and St. Paulin Cheese
Lebron? Baby names?
FLA Is Ratchet
Hope it was to your liking.
#WilDChildZ guess what........ talent show coming up and im really hype i wonder what song to sing anyone wanna give me songs???
What did you do tonight? Oh well i defended Azeroth from the impending Horde attack. Yeah, the important shit.
Sherry old fashion via Zane
: Hey, Chris. Try tweeting some more. Lol!
I don't no bout u bitchez but I think the commercial with the hamesters dancing is bad ass .... Come on u know its bad ass
Genius shares hate e-mail with audience
Yes! During your trip to Baltimore( which we need to plan) we can talk about which games. I'm thinking the giants is a must
I know dude!
damn you fine!
everybody wants something....
It's about time Nick Markakis starts to step up. You're not on my fantasy team for nothing.
wait but actually. This is you! Hahaha
ha! his face may be worth the price of shipping.
RT The folks are sharing the swag! Want a chance to win a #Armageddon figurine? Just RT before 5 pm PDT to enter!
Watching the #Sharks vs. Blues game at Auto Body
Nope...just what people call me. My birth name was Malcom.
HELL YES. Chelsea for the win!
The couple who collects dolls and treats them like their children on, My Crazy Obsession, makes the dude who fucks his car look normal.
did you guys buy it? It actually is pretty fun!
its not confirmed that the are coming but us fans need to try and make it happen (:
Good for you !!
happy 21st birthday bitch!!!
Laying in bed. Not having a good day. Goodnight.
Tonight's Cocktail: UnderCovers: Cognac, House-Spiced Rum, Marnier, touch of lemon juice. $8. Sweet, spiced backbone, silky texture. Yum.
Studying for exams making your tired? Come get free 5-Hour Energy at BookHolders Monday-Wednesday, 1:00pm to 4:00pm!
Fun meeting with Ed Chevy of Beethoven's Nightmare!! We are coming Disney!!! We are coming! March 17-18! Check out Deaf Rock...
Even 's amazing pumpkin carving skills can't bring life to a terrible, terrible movie.
So you're excited for baseball, not necessarily #Orioles baseball?
Gina be nice. we are definitely are not gay(;
Agree completely. I think blanket statement of "no one knows" is easy cop-out
Happy Happy Birthday !! :D
I was on sick baby duty which involved two wakeful periods I doubt I will be productive at all today.
Exactly two weeks from today...stick a fork in me...I'm done!!!!!
Follow your dreams. Not time for some Shoulda-Coulda-Wouldas
I kinda love that Charo's birth name is María del Rosario Mercedes Laura Jennifer Pilar Martínez Molina Baeza.
no they haven't gonebon sale more like in june i think
hahaha thank you! me too but i cant cause of school and my parents :(
Acceptances make any day better.
shoes aren't "everything" when women awkwardly, unstably teeter all over the place. More like scary and desperate.
Reusable art.
That ball hit the ump so hard he's seeing double: 4 strike zones.
I love how good my sweet fiancé is with kids! Especially Miller... He'll be such a wonderful father.... in about 8 years.......
How about our $4.99 lunch special. Soup, salad with our Fuji dressing & chicken fried rice. Now are you getting hungry?
me and school are not friends right now .
i have nothing against welfare but swear people go crazy with that EBT card. girls around my age wanna look cute then pull that card out. TF
wowww i had no idea that explains her bad ruling
Went to the office today for no reason! My principle was yelling at me and my friend and she was like "why are you two always on here!?!"LOL
Yaaay for eating dinner at 10pm!
Wonder when the #redbookparty hosts will be picked, this seems like such a fun party, especially in the summer!
now the fun starts... Go down, go down
Whoever it is that makes the mannequins for clothing stores needs to stop adding those extra "perks" on the female bodies.
Dafuq I just read...
Heading to Los Alamos now
As a lover, the #Sagittarius is friendly, not passionate, casual, not selective, and happy as long as you don't try to control them
Fieffer Dancer films, Alexander McQueen exhibit, RENT off broadway, and Keigwin + Company at summerstage this Saturday, July 23rd. Exciting
So ya I am starving !!
The car ride from school to your house when you know your ACT score is in your mailbox = the longest drive EVER.
America is ran on religion. Its such bullshit.
thinking of transitioning this account to an exclusively "what I'm eating for lunch" affair
R.I.P. to my wizzard. Had the best of times my nigga :')
75 followers. Thanks
Me too! See you there 😄
It's still a beautiful day, and now it's raining, too!
Taking a day trip to to see Hairspray and
One size fits all is so over everywhere except education.
I think everybody should come to Walmart and buy some cookies from me and support my mission trip.
My uncle had to put his dog down and he's wicked sad about it. I feel so bad
I'm about to make a move and you're not a part of it.
never seen anyone happier to get a hit than the #Nationals Gio Gonzalez
Yoga outdoors was a good follow up to work.
The shell must break before the bird can fly. ~Alfred Tennyson
If you go on Sat. you wanna go at opening. Each guy adds about 20 mins. Lol Good luck.
Fresh cupcakes!
Heading to to see Mark Morris! Friday!!
does it make sense now?
Who got game? Former Horn Avery Bradley scores 19 in 34 minutes off the bench. Ray Allen just 5 in 35.
pushing to the face? Definitely a bunch of complainers
why u get quiet on me lol
Ha! RT : Sarah, Bev, Paul all auditioning for Lifetime Original Movie "Ice Pick Killers"
We now have 3 Million Twitter users and profiles in our database. Looking for more prospects? Call us at 614-947-3608 we can search 4u.
would you support a fans dream of becoming a singer/rapper
: Warner Brothers cartoons = the marriage of music and music.."
Plans for tonight -p90x workout  -shower -Internet shopping  -wait for the hubby so we can go to sleep
How are you?
Me and have a private island ;) haha no I'm serious.
I mean, he makes a good argument..... I don't know how to even begin arguing with that logic.
Tha 💀💀 RT : Bring me some ! Thanks RT : Now off to get these BWW wings yessir
i bitched and bitched then my parents caved and got it
Showin me howweak you is, its embarrassing.
Any females who try to follow me with gifs as their main pictures are getting blocked. Real or fake, idgaf.
Why is that tinny, cell-phone sound plaguing Oscars telecast still occurring? Happened during Golden Globes as well. Sound folks...HELLO!
Thanks for the follow!
Of course! Whats your full name?
Thanks for the #FF!!
I cant wait til this class ova with....
Looks like Lebrons gon have to do it by himself. -_-
Diversions, distractions & distortions? A disappointing America? Only to the GOP rich, anti-women's choice & environment spoilers.
Flushing rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Disagreeing with gay marriage does not mean you have to do something about it. They can do what they want.
Looking for a new dentist? Check out for the largest comprehensive dentist search on the web!
Congratulations, Riverwest, your Public House has a liquor license!
thanks Megan. Just saw this. I really have no idea how to use twitter properly. I was inspired by Leon.
i don't get why people always bring up the past. its over.
Dave tickets go on sale tomorrow :) 10a! Fuck ya!
++RT : a bias toward action by far more important - necessary over stagnation. #hacklibraries #c4l12 "drive it like you stole it"
do you really have to get all gold medals on twisted difficulty to get warthog?
I live for this
I will vouch for that! LOL! There was 9 birthday parties last year in Nashville for you by hundreds of people that agree!LOL!
New glasses and prescription are a trip.
so who was talking to on the #TheraFlu track. Str8
Know of good deals in New York City? Tweet us at
Let's go Reds! I hate any team that has a cardinal as a mascot!
YES! For some reason we have had a real cold spell move in. We had HAIL tonight!
lol i'm single and for the moment it's great. :)
aww..I like to follow all different people. It doesn't matter what teams we like, that is only a small part of us.:-) luv Canada
that's so funny I didn't laugh 😁
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom. -Angus Grossart
Sox game was a blast last night. I loved how a kid tried to use a ticket stub from 2009 to get in the lower level haha.
summer lunch at Jeans Georges ~ charred summer corn ravioli with & merci! my mouth is still watering
Get more followers:
One of those days were a hug would be cool, but Cold Stone will suffice
lol - holy crap. I do both. I'm thinking more than 140 characters are needed!
The black Mamba must be outta venom lol
it's Bradley Horowitz
Yeah me too, still debating if its a healthy thing or not lol. Where ya from?
MOVIES SHOULD COME WITH A "NEEDLES IN FILM" WARNING.
Hi Do you have an invitation code to letslunch.com?
Just realized we've elected these people to #gc2012 and they don't even know how to vote correctly. Taking notes for
Why can't it be Aaron. Dang.
thats been my boo ever since the movie Go. Something about him is all "ok whiteboy you're trouble but I'm wit it"
congrats back atcha. Maybe this is the new form of hello
same here jess. Sometimes you gotta burn your bracket and follow your heart.
's Don Dodge says in-app purchases are good monetization strategy.
my pleasure :) would've like to have done more game.
#np 's The Lady Killer. Best way to get psyched up for a summer calc II class
Oxymoron for today: Conservative Democrat.
I'm reading Dependency Injection by Mark Seemann. Hur hur.
&#39;American Idol&#39; Recap: Underdog Hollie Cavanagh Finally Gets Her Moment
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!
Nice Work!
We need help picking up Bagels on Fridays at 4:00pm, can anyone help?
My story is up my story ppl
what teacher is this? LMAO:)
Watching baseball :P
Haha well at least its something fun:P I wish I could go kayaking XD yeah but like I said everyone will understand if not<3
- brilliant new book released today.Currently #62 on Amazon.And WOW can this guy SPEAK!
English 415 collectively says thanks to for dropping by (on Skype).
RT : RT : #linc - getting ready for a terrific conference - can't wait to see customer/friends!
that maryland game was a heartbreaker
round trip
Fuck you San francisco!!stop calling time out,just face the fact you're ass gonna get beat!!!
Wow! Really appreciate this one.
I love being 44. I wouldn't change a thing.
it's probably sitting there with my toy giraffe that I lost when I was a kid.
PS, I added you to my personal twitter account if you recently were added by a random stranger, it was probably me.
#Kiski School Basketball plays twice today: 2:30 pm vs Phase 1 Canada & 7 pm vs NIA Prep of NJ. Both games at Kiski. Free Admission Today!
This lady asked my sister if she looked like a princess and she said "you look like Cinderella" then whispers "b4 the bippity boppity boo"
Thanks for the offer, but since we are in full swing for our annual luncheon, we will have to revisit any addtl promos after.
First time? You're in for a treat
thx :) she's the kind of gal that makes it easy RT awww you guys are cute.
Hi Peter! Love your work from Jerusalem, Israel! I would love to have you on my show from Jerusalem, Israel
Is NVram the niche that spins up the replacement for Flash
love! Thanks, Kate! Lot of great peeps in that room today!
The Way To Transform Your Downstairs room In An Activity Room ...
hmm. Next weekend then???(:
Duration: 45 minutes30 minute presentation with 15 minutes of Q&AWho should view?Marketing professionals and business owners
Ex-nay on french pressed blonde roast. Ewwy.
you're well on your way to being able to change tires with telekinesis...i'll give you about two more years
the song is called "down" A release date is coming soon so stay tuned!!!! Stay classy mrcreo ;)
what's up<3
Just made banana milk for the first time and it was pretty good on my cereal. Banana + 1 cup of water + 1 tsp vanilla. Blend.
Finally. I'm home safe. And not leaving any time soon.
I get cranky wen im horny n cnt get it in >_<
Wish I knew how to pronounce that. You'll need to teach me, okay?
Would you lie with me and just forget the world?
I hate school! :( but on the upside I've got basket-ball practice today!!!!!
Random fundraiser walks along 2nd ave do not allow for sleeping in.
Being in the music business can be annoying sometimes cause when you want your private time alot of people dont understand.
our session went really well! standing room only!! :) now it is time to drink some whiskey!
RT : wraps up her #EnvisionFilm keynote, urging the audience to "find out where your water comes from and how you can...
Nice one! RT : Here's one: Sixteenth St. and Georgetown Road - the FAZZT-est address in racing!
I voted!! PS. your pictures look AMAZING!!!!
here all weekend...keep me posted
just updated the holiday ap and now it crashes ... Won't even open iPad running os5
Watch Titanic thrice.
"It's 5 O'Clock Somewhere" - Jackson/Buffett. Trying to get my tropical drink on with snow coming to Indy.
Heading to the 9th and it's tied at 3.
Sinclair CC's UAAMP - in gen'l found that texting, phone not best vehicle for mentoring. Instead, ask, what's best way to contact you
All these compliments I get keeps me really humble. No big head here. Just shows me how good GOD is in my life.
Great time,tonight, performing at #thatscool with and friends!!
I really wanna see the movie, Like Crazy. Like really really.
GoodMorning!:-) Woke up to a hard, you know...
did you even have to go to other sites? I would have thought you'd get plenty of email about it from Derb-defenders.
Marcelino is at the slow bar helm this week, spotlighting our new offering from Oaxaca! Brewed as espresso, clever and cafe solo.
watching golf all weekend
individuals always trump the general. ;)
I am still having trouble with my zune
It was a blast, and you & had great stories to tell. Thanks for the RT!
waffles are yummy(:
Researching restaurants and bars for my trip to NYC! Can't wait to see Roomie weekend in just 4 days!!
Is a fight in Miami or anywhere in Florida on the UFC's radar at all? Thanks for all you do for the great sport of MMA.
No real surprises tonight, but I did like all the cinema love and memories.
maybe if you respond when i do check i will continue! !!!! #teamC-IV get with it!
Thanks, Mike. You're on my list
Thankful for ha-ha-inducing and the awesomeness of and - I need it today, start new job-nervous!!
STEM coming to Lake View High School in Fall 2012!
I swear Im gonna start dying if goes home tonight #RNG #ABDC #
": When dating #InCollege just remember that a man's maturity level is 5 years shy of his actual age. <----
Looking at yesterday's news is problematic. Is the (insert favorite) outrageous story true or #AprilFools ???
they're not anymore ;D
- You must be a mind reader. Getting ready to get a cam and look into that soon.
--->Thanks for spreading the love!<--- RT This hop on top from is delicious!
Save the date! April 6th. Latino night at Salute. When italian and peruvian cuisine will meet! Stay tuned!
broths man. Them new slaps on the page are bangin
looking up summer concert dates.... I wanna see some shows!
sure thing :) xx
Always remember to warm up a bit before stretching!
Hot butter rum mix makes The best party gifts.
Yep. Been quotin' like the Bible.
I was stuck like chuck yesterday had to cxl ine of my events ma get up today though
GO STEELERS!!!!
great post! If I could pick one skill right now it would be to fall asleep! :)
ATL is the best band ever
#NOWPLAYING timbaland feat. Drake say something
bacterial bronchitis. I even have to use an inhaler. And I was really looking forward to getting loaded this weekend, damnit.
laser cat!
THANKZ WIFEY!!! ": Special S/O to the sexiest man I know on Twitter "
One week from today, I will be preparing for my flight to Portland, OR. I'm so nervous; I hate flying.
He fired the big show wtf you can't do that
Austin's favorite animal is a tiger.....Rawr (:
These guys are why people make mean jokes about lawyers.
Just set 14 alarms on my phone. Let's see what time I wake up.
you should do it anyway!!
put me on repeat let's go again and again no matter AM or FM 'cause baby girl this is the
When do you get to Austin for ?
I love ! Check out sarahtherealtor.ca and read her blog. I hope she loves me back and gives me that $25 Gift Card! <3<3
Thanks for the follow !!
Can those of us not on the west coast just call it REALLY W instead? Oh, it's Finnish.
Jesus Culture on pandora ...
Must feel weird. Have a great night, and soak it all in one last time.
watching #MadMen makes me want to drink and smoke
Right now I have not found a girl friend who I love . . . #Be patient, Chris. surely someday there will be a girl who loves you.
Holy hell.
let me know if you have suggestions for topics or would like to moderate!
I had an amazing dream last night...it had to do with ahahaha...is that weird?
WoW... Back to Back Dunks by the West!!!
good to finish without injury. lol
Of course my iPod and computer break on the same day. That's bloody lovely, technology; thank you very much.
Judy emphasizing the importance of research and of going to meetings with the data. Communicate the data!
Misses knowing hunters who bring me extra game meats.
God blessed the broken road...that lead me straight to you
nice choice for quarter backs and recivers. nice new job. ur good broski.
I really dont even give a shit at this point
bought a pinata apple for lunch today. I wonder if there's candy & toys inside?
Urrgh ... latest MS security patch cut off my internet access! Apparently my ZoneAlarm wasn't liking the new patch.
To your bday? Not sure. We have a baby, ya know, and my mom may not be around to watch the tike. We'll see. Have a good t-day!
FBCD promo... BREAKOUT ALERT!!!
Can't wait til next week either RT : Wow- Lunar was insane tonight- shouts out to everybody who came out tonight!
I hope Louisville beats Kentucky it's the only way I can win my bracket.
Tried to RT that, but it wouldn't let me...
Too risky to focus on Tendulkar alone: Swann
no turkeys for me last night. I actually sucked at bowling last night.
i would let you break my heart a thousand times over just to see you again </3
Purchased tickets for Springsteen in DC on Sept.14. Woohoo!!
Chow=Dog food
In case you were wondering, Thai basil and young green peppercorns do excellent things to a Bloody Mary
That was the only thing that could of broken my heart today 💔 On to the next one
bad broad who love to Fuck wit her head down and her Ass bent.
I can't wait to see you!
"is this an ugly sweater party?"..."No it's just Cambridge."
yea, i thought Lotus Flower Bomb was an actual bomb. from japan or somthin...
NP! Have a great day!
Dear , you are so HILARIOUS!!! Love your show!! Watch it all the time!!! -Sara ps, please follow me :) U r my IDOL!
just got done washing the truck miss my babe<3 (:
WHERE? WHERE? WHERE? LEMME SEE!!!!!
Taking new ideas out for a spin may well get you out of the rut you're in.
#American Library Association Conference in New Orleans - anyone attending? I will be!
oh my god. wait wait wait what is that from?
great article PC. That's for not dislocating my shoulder this round.
Why do we not drink micro-Brews together more ofter?
#808Pride "dont judge a book by its cover...unless u read the back" guess who told me that?!?!
My Tumblr is Girish14970. Join with me on tumblr please....
give them hell!! ;)
Investors dumping Japanese co stocks- just when they need help- #capitalism =
It's just that the term was new to me, thanks for your explaination. That's too bad you are missing out on some good food.
Yeah, I'm awake. Wish I was asleep again. Still trying to flip schedule & my attitude back to normal. My patterns will have To change.
You wanna talk about it? I'm up for some conversing...
I wish I could stay in bed all day.
SHUT IT xD
aw i missed your tweet spree, what the fork ?!?! :(
I can't wait to hear it :D
Great win for and the future with ! Love this stuff!
Photo tip for #CILDC - Most of the Hilton lights are fluorescent so if your phone/camera has a white balance setting, use it!
I'd love to chat bout signup, but it would have to be next week if that's ok. I'm at state lib conf. the rest of this week.
If he was 'wrong about it' he should reveal his source. Anything less means he made it up for PR.
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
Thanks for the info!
Nothing says Christmas like that feeling when you wrap presents and you get the scissors to glide smoothly from one side to the other...wow!
it'll work, if there are more than 50 people willing.
yup. We are all here till Monday. Casey a few days more. Hit us up tomorrow
Devin Harris has 6 points and the Jazz have hit 6 of last 10 shots. Jazz lead the Spurs 16-15 with 3:29 left in the first quarter.
I NEED MY D; #HateWaitingButSoWorthIt <3
the county pays the sheriff deputies, but at the games their salaries are paid by the team.
RT Has succesfully dragged my rice fueled arse to the G-Y-M
front row!
The Best New Old Thing: jQuery Masonry Plugin
We all know Stewie was adopted, his real parents are Hey Arnold and Dora the Explorer. Why Because they got big Ass Heads Like HIM
Ah. One thingggh
Somebody sitting court side has on the MVP lebrons, them bitches are hard
I'm down for 2
Thank you. I have your Prismacolor DVD, and will try to attend a workshop whenever possible.
IM GOING TO SLEEP I HOPE YOU HAD A GREAT FLIGHT TO DALLAS :D HAVE A NICE DAY/NIGHT I LOVE YOU <3
Greetings ! Might I suggest ? (Does a robot LBJ that tells jokes count as interactive?)
Forgot to say Good Morning! Distracted with happenings on Twitter! So TweetyPies make it a great day and thanks for following me! GoGet'em!
I really wish that there was some Genny Light in the fridge...guess I'll settle for a 12 Horse! 🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎
In 1920, Babe Ruth out-homered every American League team.
Dudes going squat cleans in the gym... Hot
K, lemme know how it goes! I know ur gonna rock!
yeah I love cotto followed him since day one -don't really like Floyd - But it is what it is he is the best
Checking Twitter on the shitter is my new favorite past time
People that are constantly updating their status on Facebook<<<
The teenager TOTALLY agrees with you. By the way, he thinks you're awesome because you know about both! Kudos!
haha so you stared fighting with her :L
Is that in the Productivity category?
Fuck this insufferable Midnight Yell business. Go back inside and study, losers.
do women's shelters accept donations of hair/beauty products that are partly used? I have so many things I just don't need...
So happy to be back home safely from Cali & back w/ kids. Time spent w/ hubs makes me look @ my wdng ring & smile. WE are where US started
does according to RT : Who's got the best sushi in Cle?
The Austin Gorilla Suite 5k & possible world record is tomorrow. Go to Congress bridge at 9am for 1,500 gorillas.
One of the best feelings in the world is when you first wake up and you lay in bed for ten minutes stretching.
Athletes gains so much knowledge by participating in a sport. Focus, discipline, hard work, goal setting & finally achieving your goals.
As they should be ;)
Knowing what you want and not apologizing for it.
Next Saturday! I believe it's the 21st :)
you wouldn't need the ice pack if I was there!!! :-)
I wanna see The Hunger Games so bad :((
Would love an "Until We Have Faces" Deluxe Version! Bought Deluxe CD/DVD versions of your other 2.
Wow! Thanks everyone for all the awesome birthday wishes! I'm feelin' the Aries love!
haha- you will #patience and it'll be huge
Wow.....I got a perfect score on my science test Friday :D
dang no more a.k.a (no twitter paul)
Calls for an upper elementary PEOPLE prep program and the expansion of AVID.
Free massages, photo booth, drinks & April issues are ready for the event tonight! Who's coming?
Nah Not Yet.
Follow back?(:
Mixed feelings about said announcement, but it does seem pertinent to my diss! The 2-week epic conference adventure has officially begun!
thanks for the follow
If you're a guy, and you hug me from behind, you earn brownie points.
If ur sexting in ur sleep would that be considered a wet dream????
After I cut all those fucking puppies from the last draft? Good call on the whale, though. Unconscious plagiarism I swear
* texts * I need to think. I'll talk to you about this tonight
LA countdown:) 15 days!!!!
you got it!
- new_org will be there too!
CMGO setting up for EOD push.. hearing big things next week!!!
Drugs are bad, m'kay?
Can't argue with that. So many have no interest in sprvsing/mgmt, which is fine. But I want to and I like that gene in ppl.
Pretty stoked about the TACORAMA Special Film Screening by Cine las Americas today at 6pm....who else is going?
Yeah, I'm kinda nervous to get the Sat & Sun tickets, therefore losing the possibility for Friday night. Hmm... tricky.....
it might be more like 11 ish I have to go to the animal shelter an drop off some stuff
Haha did you know that humans aren't the only ones who perform oral sex. Cheetahs, hyenas, and goats all go down!
What time?
don't troll my tweets!
Watching to kill a mockingbird <3
am getting sick. not good :-(
Great to have buddies who are pursuing fitness goals. We'll need to chat more to talk about progress.
CBS' 48 Hours is profiling the Cynthia Sommer arsenic "poisoning" case. Keen to hear what the SD DA has to say about this.
Ahh, the sweet smell of burgers and franks on a park grill!
I'm kidding doesn't cut her hair at all it goes down to her ankles✌and I love her she's perfect
I didn't know G.O.O.D music signed Teyana Taylor
yo! Upstairs at Speakeasy if you're interested :)
#amreading Nell Freudenbeger's Newlyweds. So far, very much enjoying it. Other opinions?
#upearlytotrain #Insanity pure cardio and cardio abs, time to bring it!
key phrases you should stop talking when you hear yourself say #41: "I don't want to spoil anything for you, but"
You should have told us! and I would have come and help.
Getting ready to leave. Shower, brush teeth, and all the jazz. I'm hungry. Someone feed me!
#FF FOLLOW MY MOST FAV FOLLOWERS LOVE all them ALL
programmers are forever young?
lol its almost done!! Don't rush it!
Congrats! My friend has been promoted to Vampire Rockstar of Development! Whoot! Whoot!
Thank you I'm so honored 2 b on the cover & share space w/ such amazing women! RT: nice feature on
My intention is to draw new office seekers to my building this week to share in the success energy there.
I know a great #screenplay when I read one and that one was on fire!!
I'm in Brooklyn and I might not make it tonight...lol
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian man. TODD RAMOS - grey and black hoodie With Grey pants.
hung over and horny. Hbu?.: GM! How u?
"[T]here are other goals than the depolarization of the two sexes, other wounds than sexual wounds... other politics than sexual politics."
WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITHOUT ONE DIRECTION? RT PLZ
We don't have 2 "butter" God up! Just come boldly B4 His throne & ask 4 what you have need of. God knows EVERYTHING! Especially our motives!
I Hate When I'm In That Cadillac & People Lookin All In My Car & Shit!
How are you today??
buddy of mine claiming eggs over egg whites. I am on team egg white. Please help settle this debate. Thanks.
for the time being, the Hillsboro libraries are open, and they have free wifi.
Want something to do today? Join Melinda Wang '99 on an tour of Chelsea art spaces, followed by cocktails! Noon today!
Hey y'all! On Thursday he rose again!
we blowin up kid, lets take these fans with us.
Finally home from work. Longest day ever.
sorry its spam messaging
hahaha dude solid
Looks like I'm getting some strength back- still not sure what kicked my ass so bad to have lost it so suddenly- shoulder injury of somekind
Follow back love....Thanks :)
love you too girl! :( fanks carrot!
Well, I survived my first day and night in San Francisco!
lol thank u what's good
Kate “: Retweet with ONE NAME of someone to pray for.”
I miss you too! And I'm good how about yourself hotayyyyy? Proms in a week!
Tonight I'm getting baked and watching Ninja Turtles. Yupp.
follow me please?
#SinceWhen is it ok to go "honka honka" at your friend's girlfriend?
deep breaths. deep breaths. deep. breaths. via
Thanks for RT blessing- That was great! :)
YEAH he did! :) I got a good one my friend!
yeah, i'm going to the library to hammer some things out on Saturday
Woke up Feeling Great!
Lake Bluff, RIverCrest and The Point on the River will all be open tomorrow before the #SuperBowl! Get your condo shopping in early!
Thinking about intentional (non)use of social media.
Thanks for the #FF!
yess we do, but w o && cause than theyre gonna go gay for eachother :/ But yes ASAP!
Sing to a girl. Chicks dig being sang too.
good morning, im so not ready for another day at school..i wish i had another week of spring break
hey im just wondering... is ted thompson a nice guy?
If you could change one thing about yourself what would you change? Why?
How far away is that from where you live? Do you have pictures?!
haha I still got mine.
Awake in bed waiting for something happen .. Unfortunately it's still morning -_- bored bout play the game like a loser
RT : Gov Quinn @ #OakPark Farmers' Market at to sign bill to help low-income shoppers use LINK cards to buy fresh
Knowledge is a great servant but an incapable master.
worst secret ever! lol
Cannot wait to sleep tonight #sleepy 
the force is strong here, I know because there's an app for it
Oh Wow! That's a job! Is someone helping you? You can't possibly do that in one day. Those aren't closets, their stores!
Bright and early. Feeling lucky to be alive. Let's hope its a good day.
Tweet #RevolutionSaturdays to have a chance to win a FREE BOTTLE
hell yes best combination ever 😍
You and Liam are super cute. <3 y'all. -AliPaige
Why nostalgia and the internet are increasingly important for comics
Can't wait to get back to Lex....
": Damn omg rest in peace Todd wtf is going on ?" Dam he really pass
Must communicate successes differently different audiences have different needs
Tango & Cash clearly deserved more than 2 stars.
Do you know what is more beautiful to look at than the stars in the sky at night? The Answer is: a Beautiful Woman! such as you!
Listen to the premiere of #JLo's new song #DanceAgain TOMORROW at 10am and the top of every hour!!
I don't care what people say SNL still puts me in a good after all these years. Total smile on face moment,
Happy fat Tuesday phat 2s day
As do we. RT Do you have a flag that needs cleaning before Memorial Day? We clean American flags free of charge everyday
also any plans to do a show in DC in the near future?
If doesnt follow me I wont be #Chill :/
Fuck School Tomorrow To Tired .
Precisely so. Thanks. :-)
lmao :-) that would be crazy.
Why is there always a long ass line at the damn post office?
Do we give up that 25th pick for mike wallace now??
Very cool. Please keep us abreast of the details (seriously)
Watching The Change-Up. Asked my BF 4 a pickle while he was up. He always gvs me a nervous "R U pregnant?" once over when I ask 4 1. LOL
him or singletary
swing through in the evening if u can
Well I think you should unlock it just for that tweet then lock it up again haha
Lol what? When?
"I was fine til 7:05 til she walked out my door and right out of my life." Happy Jonas Day!
Badger football and hoops seasons end in similar fashion: poor crunchtime clock mgmt and TO headscratchers.
Happy Golden Birthday have a marvelous day!
LOCALS NIGHT! Locals Entry is just $5!!
mantra the shit out of it
I just want to completely fuck one of my followers.
Bynum, too big. Add that to the fact that he's got genuine offensive skill. Ridiculous.
I'll never be noticed by my idol you taught me many things thanks
#StarshipsVideo was amazing. Youre so gifted. #StarShipsVideoOnMtv AMAZING!!!! Stay awesome!!!
Working on some new songs!
Looking for a good read? Thinking for a Change: 11 Ways Highly Successful People Approach Life and Work.
Got up @ 2:00 this morning n almost, ALMOST turned on the heater. Feeling like Fall (which arrives Friday)tonight's low:? 60 SD, 54 E Cnty.
Just played "Everlong" acoustic version on the guitar. My first attempt at a song with drop-D tuning. That song is timeless.
Breakfast Awesome western omelet, and love the coffee.
good morning everybody hope you all do good today.....
Hi Valentin - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, also following you!
Not a trace of white outside....we must be on 23rd and North.
Maybe Cain & Thomas deserve the "heat". The assertions against both are sexual harrassment NOT their ethnicity
well i was done after the first set of numbers for the mega millions. better luck next time?
We're cruising in the same boat my friend.
my own sister even hate me!
damn...its gonna rain tomorrow
overnight successes normally take many years of work....
thanks for pointing out the stupidity. #ihavefatfingers ;) lol
Wow! I'm glad that my coworkers are so insightful and full of great ideas. I can't wait to start our new advertising and marketing campaign
Thanks for the retweet. Have a great New Year's Eve and day weekend
RATM - Why not go on tour? ... We're Waiting.
I'll never be loved by you </3
Mia Hamm was in the office today and I didn't get the photo op. Blew it
#ThatsWhatIWant #FOOD - A steak with oven roasted potatoes and ratatouille;at least though I thought.1 cooking hour later:NOT hungry anymore
If you dont puke on christmas you didnt drink enough. Lol
No problem. Hope had a Great time at her gig. (:
Shoutout to Come see us at 10:30 Saturday night at Ramskeller.
Well thanks to Hostel 3.. my vegas birthday plans are now ruined
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. Confucius
's, River Lane Inn, Jackson Grill, Packing House
Racing does not define a runner, running does.
hell no :-P
How many years after GM hit $1B revenue will it be before a company hits $1T? cc:
He is no lawyer who cannot play both sides- Charles Lamb
That'd be a really short show. Agent 1 "There's a body." Agent 2 "Jason did it." The end.
Walking tip: Mix it up! Include periods of very brisk walking followed by slower, recovery times.
Finally got to meet the today<3 I love them so muchh
Done. I'll touch base closer and I'm sure I can find when/where on the google.
then how does one learn?I like shaking them off and moving fwd but I see no wrong in highlighting some errors.
Don t want to talk sports too much but meta world peace should be banned for nba playoffs. Awful
favorite player man!!!! Wish i could come to NY and watch... Someday!! Yankee for life!
damnit. i gotta go back to the bank #again. its only my third time today.
When folks use obscenities in their tweets to me it makes me NOT want to follow them back. Lack of vocabulary = dumb.
I remember talking to oomf on the phone until I was falling asleep lol
Sitting out on my deck drinking a smoothie in the sun. #Spring Break
Wow! Those look amazing. Enjoy!
Much love to your whole crew! One of my favorites! Y'all shouldn't have left.
these #oscars are horrible bro....horrible.
supp! Im back
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
whoa!!! wasn't expecting that!
I still haven't started...I just want it to be over =[
#poem Return from lunch with boss/fall ass over teacup:skirt up stockings shred/commute relieved by road rage/dog greets with unfettered joy
Got some extra time today? Stop in and check out our latest phones like the Aviator 4G LTE!
Eek, bad storm?
Another sunny day? Boy lady luck is shining on us right now.. but seriously who's ready for lunch?
Girl I just wanted u to know I can't get u out my head
I got high-afroman
elease boo boo u need to stop u really like gettin ur ass beat!
... and you'll be dreaming of his statue.
More posts coming soon! Thanx to all the readers who continue to be supportive. :)
when you go to an event: use # and tweet smart &/or search for the things u want to tweet about, find good # to chat
The condom is the glass slipper of our generation, you slip of on when you meet a stranger, you dance all night, then you throw it away.
Better Mute it
Hi Steve Thanks for the follow, What is your fathers name? please I knew a Jack Golding. Thanks Steve
Aw. Thanks!
Whoo! Made it to bear creek! I hear great music in the background, gonna go check it out!
Alright Memphis. Cool. Go Grizz.
Welcome to the Patriots! Can't wait to see you out there on the field in a uniform. Congratulations!
Justin bieber is our mystery celebrity im guessing haha
No doubt
ooohw yeah that's a really big problem lol ^.^
we love you back!
Trying to pretend that didn't just bring in chocolate fudge covered pretzels, one of my favorites!
I"m a song writer can you help me brother man
Oh, I don't mean the intensity - just not sure if they would comprehend the politics behind it. Perhaps upper HS, not K-8.
Have a good night.
Woolard: I think we have competing ideologies. I think we will reach the same conflict a few months down the road disagreeing with committee
RT : I feel like a super secret agent! Flying across the country to discuss a new film.
of course! Im like the biggest giants fan. I'm a die hard since I was about 9(:
Cutee la you ^^
RT : Happy Friday, Friends! We hope you have a LOVELY and RELAXING weekend.
My haircut looks like I sat in the barber's chair and said, "Id like you to make me look younger, and also homophobic."
ME TOO. Want to go to HH and check it out sometime soon?
Oh my goodness! Sue the dinosaur at #saa11 Too excited for words! Thank you
July 15 - July 19 for a conference. Should have some evenings free. Email me at
Happy Thanksgiving Sal! Thankful you are still apart of my life! Love ya! Xoxo
not urs haha omg chill, I was saying other 1s. B4 us
just spent slightly too much time on tastespotting.com browsing macaron glamor shots
I hate you
I am really nervous about this. What do I say here? What are these alleged hashtags I hear about? Someone tell me about this thing.
Even tho we ain't together he is still mine <3
of course!!!!
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me. That's a form of divine drunkenness that we can all try.
I say we go downtown to Tina's again and battle that old man for the jukebox
Of course, AJax is having a solid start to the year.
Cuban Day Street Party on Milwaukee St. today 11am-4pm!!!!! Then head to Coa for $2 taps all weekend and amazing food specials!!!!!!!!!
Always an enjoyable time at , made even better by final tabling another dollar tournament on
About time Ja Rule made a twitter.
Now watching Amittyville Horror >:)
good luck Mat!! Hope all goes well!!
Happiness consists in activity: such is the constitution of our nature; it is a running stream, and not a stagnant pool.
...night as part of "name that tune" at trivia!
The greatest scheme was to tell my black people that if they sell drugs they could have the latest clothes, cars, fly girls, etc. It worked
EU has set goal of 2 nonnative languages for each citizen. US far behind. MLA should rally around unified language agenda.
Come on out for 2nd Sat! Come see what the #firestonedistrict is all about! You won't be disappointed!
Get him Taker!!
Well i ahve no car & no where to freaking go..
MACs are where it's at Lisa...(-:
i read about Honda in Japan working on finally bringing out the New NSX to go against GTR and LFA
