Happy hour is going on right now!!
Suter was the one undressed by Datsyuk though... not Klein
Yes! RT Interesting question about the role of Apple in vetting medical apps before they get to the store
Warm e'm up just right.Slide into 1st gear....and start your weekend!!! Be safe and ride until the tires fall off... Ken and baby Daisha
Player Development 101: A leader on a team makes others around them better. A leader inspires others 2 play harder. A leader lifts others up
This pastor just spelled out bitch..
Diet coke from McDonalds has to be one of my favorite things for real. After gymnastics I am to thirsty!
I am a PureData fiend.
What are your options if your Service Animal becomes injured, sick, or dies?
IMHO Unless the whole team slows down, Shaq wont be able to keep the pace. And if he keeps the pace he won't play regularly.
Michael Vick met with youth humane society, his message train your dogs to fight, opps did I say that,I meant Dog Fighting is bad ummkay!!
tis the season to be jolly!
yes things happen, true. Hehe ur cool to talk to.
Need a breakfast partner for Sunday. I got ditched yet again. LA, you can bite the big one.
Exactly. And that's why I cannot get married or have kids.
looks yummy :)
Oh, Vampire Diaries. I was expecting that ending and still got a little misty-eyed.
The variation probably reflects debate over 'standard' Yiddish (ie Lithuanian) and spoken Yiddish (not Lith.)
ROTFLMAO! If the Goddess wanted me to cook my own Mother's Day dinner she wouldn't have invented take-out. :)
swear to god this is a #truestory.. they said my travel and expenses will be paid for.
Wait they abolished common-law marriage? That nullifies 3/4 of the marriages in NC.
Making salsa with fresh peppers from garden
where'd the leaves go? well, at least it's supposed to be 61 F this weekend.
A non-harrowing tale in which popular music journos who know nothing about how music is composed act like authorities on the subject
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!!!
What's on your #RECon12 checklist? I hope you all bring plenty of water and comfy shoes.
You need to check these guys out, , awesome videos: www.youtube.com/pwnisher
I saw a werewolf drinking a piña colada at Trader Vic's. His hair was perfect.
are you opening for brunch/lunch on Monday?
I love life
Delivering a bunch of R5 tickets tomorrow, so get in touch with me if you want some! :)
and the already crowded 517 is going to be fun, too. :(
Speaking of #DoDIIS12, you can find us in booth 723. If you're here in Denver stop by and say hello.
Big Campaign to lift off tomorrow......stay tuned. Lots of press on Highland Solutions, and coming your way.
Another day over, time to go home and relax.
To support my beloved Sounders all the way to the MLS Cup My soccer resolution in 2012 is ______________.
We garnish our bloody marys with a slice of pizza. BAM!
I can't wait for Sonny and Tea to snarl at each other in Spanish!
chech out my last tweet.
"To dream a dog is eating a snake means a friend is trying to stop you from making a bad decision." Like drinking pickle juice b4 bed.
I want you. I want you here with me right now. I want to talk to you. I want to be with you. I want to hug you. I just want you. ♥
should really start talking to cute boys who smile at her on the train.
Youth Council wants to know...What does leadership mean to you?
well the movie really never gets anywhere, everyone slowly becomes worse, and immature. and ^^
Registration is being delayed until lunch. Please start enjoying morning refreshments & conference will start AT 9:00.
No, it was at St. Joe Road. But the mega-Kroger might be a good bet.
It's almost time for the 2-Day Sale!!!! Who's ready for the weekend?? :)
our weekend was still better... :)
Ellis and Jennings will be fun to watch and they'll score points in bunches, but does it change what they are? 7 or 8 seed, 1st rd exit?
Websites increase customer referrals. A website address is much easier to remember than a telephone number. Get your website today!...
gotcha on bbm :)!
At the gym working out
of course it's
Last time Newcastle won at Stamford Bridge, I wasn't alive!! Huge win for the Magpies!
Thanks for the follow! Where can I find the track you promoted at ?
Red Sox may have finally found their stud shortstop. Mike Aviles is a beast. Gammon's says he has chip on shoulder like Pedroia.
Hi Luke and Aaron! Thanks for joining me here! You rock :)
Guys wanna see one side of the CEO badge this year? I've been working on stuff all night for ceo lol.
I didn't lose any followers #ShoutOut to yall cause yall know this talking shit is just for fun
i don't know we can ask tmmw though!!
u ok?
editing tumblr is hard! so my friend is doing it for me
This is by far the worst madea I've ever watched.
ALL #DBoys and Money Makers if you need to clean that paper by turning it into a #MoneyMachine I am your 1 stop shop for investment advice!
i hope #oomf doesn't think that i was talking about her in my last tweet. O_O
Just arrived at Dulles to be picked up in a Mercedes.
Ellen Gray: Niecy Nash, Ryan Seacrest and the showbiz crush IF YOU WANT something done, they say, you should ask the busiest person you k
Jim Davis is at olive garden. First time I've ever scene anyone order a 100 dollar bottle of wine in Muncie
Thanks for having me judge #5MinuteFiction! It was tough to narrow it down to five! Good luck to everyone and keep writing!
Nice talking with you for a bit today in the dressing room at The Roxy. Thanks for your words of encouragement.
Who me? threaten U Never!!! Just have a difference of opinion about MJ. Challenge me some more I luv it. See ya!
When you work hard it can seem others are not working AS hard. But be careful to judge this, as you are focused on your work not theirs.
For the next 24 hours, im only talking in #arresteddevelopment quotes...
So anyone going to Wisconsin Dells this summer? I wanna meet some of you haha im going in july! :))
thank you for the RT Hope you can make it...
I watched you change, what hurt the most though is I could've been there to stop it...
not sure ! After it played the guy said he will have to play it again lol
Give Your Children What They Need! Tips for the right
was so inspired by #TEDxUSC and can't wait to put all the great ideas into action
Campbell's Soup is now advertising their product as "farm grown." As opposed to what...mined? Found at the side of the road?
Thanks! Life feels better when you can afford to buy food and stuff.
Love ya Melissa! :)
Just had dinner @ Lilette in Nola. Lovely.
On line for Never Shout Never. :D
I feel happy just looking at them, let alone using them #HappyEarlyMothersDay to me thx to
CLS approved on consent agenda, no questions.
learned InDesign trick-use select tool to resize box of linked item so part is hidden then click magic button to resize to fit-new to me :)
Someone is finally looking at our house... Hopefully they buy it
My after school "tutoring"= passenger seat during street races,learned about transmissions,and got a tour of his house (:
Kick Shimmy Bitch Please !! 👌
Hello, Nancy Jo! Hope to see you at #TXLA12!!
You're welcome!!
Want a free year-long Friends of the Festival membership? Volunteer to help out with Tent Village tear-down (Mon 5/7 AM & early afternoon)!!
Heading up to to check out
I&#39;m not going to lie, if a book has a bad cover and involves werewolves, I&#39;m not going to read it.
so fucking annoyed. was supposed to be flying to albuqeruque today.
Every new year we say we goin to do better than last Not me I'm goin to b the same just better, stronger and louder! I'm not wit the BS 2012
Congratulations on Kobe becoming the youngest NBA player to score 28,000 points
Playing Just Dance with the fam
Oh, sorry, but u's gonna do it? Sorry but noone else has id think so at least
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 47
annyeonghaseyo! thank u for following me
Hey Lady! You won! thanks for being such a supportive follower! :)
Thanks for the tweet!
Think about it: we are the company we keep.
he looks super happy to see you.
Highlight of his NBA career RT LANCE STEPHENSON GOT SOME AIR TIME ON ESPN FOR MOCKING LEBRON HAHA!!
One of our favorite things is when people put two and two together on that one. It was a joke that stuck :)
i was just thinking, you should try to write for Newsday!
rude, but whats up
Thank you so much! So glad you all enjoyed!!! ": Congrats on Craigslist: The Play! It was fabulous :)"
debating on going to sandusky late tonight
R.I.P Thomas Kinkade absolutely loved your work!
always appreciate 's reporting coverage..and he's on it full blast with comprehensive analysis of
I want a new twitter name. Suggestions?
There's a funny line between wanting to and being persuaded to.
I think that would be breaking without even bending
Can't beat that loved it it looks really cool! :D
I PRAY & HOPE WE CAN GET IN CONTACT SOON REACH FAM, I'M A YOUNG SERVANT FOR THE LORD WIT D.O.C. JUST WANTING TO BUILD THAT'S ALL.NO CATCH.
he really has too, i can attest to that
No adult supervision for me today! :)
Shootin some footy for a lilbitta "Everywhere and Back" video this weekend. What's good ??
Good Morning (:
Jeans day.
#Athletics are front runners to sign Inge. I could see that coming a million miles away. Lol
Fuck love, I'm tired of trying.
winter storm warning in the end of april? Fuck this, mother nature hates us.
I slam dunk in that pussy, Blake Griffin that hoe
WHAAT?! You're coming to the baptism?! I had no idea!!
Congratulations to the Boone County Rebels. Great season! Keep your heads up! Look forward to covering you next season
Smith-Rowsey: on Smartphones in Activism - slacktivism/clicktivism as narrative of Iran's 09 Green Movement
Good Luck & UWW Basketball at the #DIIIFinalFour !
Made it to wv, finally. Senator Manchin was on my flight!
$5 to the first person who can give me 3 good reasons to follow
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Yes, but it is likely these "spotlights" work the same in humans.
81% of population voted in France. Be nice if we took our democracy serious enough to vote in such numbers. #VOTE2012 via
Thank you!! I really appreciate it.
im so dramatic
The EP will be on iTunes within two days!!!! Stay tuned :D
Good to see you, Dude RT : Great lunch with some of my former peeps, & good catching up with
Just sayin'...this weekend's dance party involves a lot of spandex ;) I'm starving myself in preparation.
UGH YOU'RE RUINING MY LIFE
That's #feelingyou!
Subscribe to my facebook (randi stewart)
"Happy New Year Australia"
Leon Russell a couple tables down from us at Chappy's Restaurant tonight.
Need to upgrade your technology? Come to SECCA's opening Nov. 3 from 7-10pm to enter a free drawing for an iPad. Kudos to ComputerTree.
I guess The Garden didn't have enough energy that they can feed off of!! I just don't understand it.
And they said Illinois isn't an NFL factory...
Who changed my Twitter... don't like it one bit... you finally get used to one, and they change it again!!!
Whats the difference between a chimichanga and an enchilada?
We're having a private new car showing Thursday 6-9pm. Catered, live music, sweet cars! Would you like to come?
lucky you :\ sampan rabu :(
Let the groveling, genuflecting, supplicating and ring-kissing begin! RT We're hoping to begin scheduling interviews next week.
Business professor: "If your technology isn't working for you, physically threaten your computer and your problem should be solved"
Good morning Tweeples! Today is the day you place that order - printed tees from $3.99 - embroidered polos from $9.99
CALL ME ASAP!!!! ITS AN EMERGENCY
Cool, if Bennett does really well, maybe I can pull a handcuff off, lol
RT : Demonstration for students continues-all please retweet to teach students measurement of online influence in marketi ...
that breakfast change actually sounds pretty good
it would make my week if you followed mee! but if you don't its all good :/
Denial. First stage to realizing you have an addiction.
I am deprived of food.
its going good man thanks. Yeah things are rolling so we will see how it goes you know?
I cant sleep for nothing
God im bored might read a book...woah steady now Im not that bored
that's bull. Everyone knows he's the best. He's got the footwork of an NFL wide receiver.
Done deal “: I don't know if it's possible, but could you people conduct the psychopath convention down the hall?
Wish me good luck guys.... School starts tomorrow.... :,(
Start button - Run - type "msconfig" and on the Startup tab, uncheck the programs you don't want to start automatically
always nice to just chill and lay around wiff the girlfrand:)
Tye Dying with my best friend tomorrow!
IGNORANCE IS BLISS
bosh out? this is what's gonna happen...lebron is gonna start jacking up shots, he's gonna make some of them & the pacers will take game 1
"We Are.." because You Were Joe....Rest peacefully Coach...
I see yo ass on my tl once n a red sky
thank you! And I followed :)
Taking control of things that are bothering me a lot more lately- now if there were just a remedy for how bad I tweaked my back & ankle
I was watching the public access channel for an hour before I realized it was MTV.
Can someone explain to me why people in the south don't take care of their lawns?
im on my phone. Textmeee.
counting time down until I get off!
Great Alumni brunch at Annenberg Beach House! Nice morning/afternoon with great people!
RT : Books of the Week: "The Divorced Lady's Companion to Living in Italy" by &
oh no an event where LOL is totally inappropriate!! we should have broke it to him sooner!
Tuna is a great idea!
It's take seconds to hello...it takes forever to say good bye
Thanks for your support!! RT Support : a museum that tells the story of all the different nationalities in America
Well here goes all the tweets about Danica crashing
Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its...
I see you "doe"
Serenity Saturday @ the Farm Associated Collective...Receive free meds all day with minimum donation.
making me think of Wendy Chun's piece on Software and Visual Knowledge & how we mistake the interface for the technology.
Haha. Ignore my moon tweet and go see The Avengers! I saw it this afternoon, and it was FANTASTIC! :)
lmao!!! Maybe. Someone tried to shimmy their way into pants that were too small and pissed. Haha
Same! Well, sometime between mid-summer to early fall. I'm moving from KS and am looking for a roomie as well.
Happy birthday Jen!
hey there, fyi your in-studio mic is on and we can hear you under songs...
Trimet lift drivers on their way to settling a contract
Little G Man is calling me a butt today. The circle is now complete.
just terrible basketball. there was plenty of time to patient and not take bad shots. oh well.
good luck!!
is my new favorite singer.
It's encoding as I type.
Thanks for following Doc. Look forward to reading your updates as well.
Ditto. Too much knee pain for me. Still doing PT. Next year definitely! I want to do the rock & roll half.
Not building software at the moment; wrastlin' with Ubuntu's Unity Launcher and probably having more fun than you! :p
When we are present in each moment, the past gently rolls up behind us and the future slowly unravels before us
You're legit! RT : Your shit is legit
next time im in san diego...we better hang out...its been how many years??? RIDICULOUS lol
same to you! :)
Yeah...Pretty lovely beard he had going there.
#sslive Decide which knowledge workers are critical to the business' success. Focus on those segments/domains.
I write sins not tragedies:)
Yo if you're trying to buy tickets for my show May 27th, hmu and let me know. Tickets are 10 dollars and there is free food for everyone!
Fair enough!
HEAT WHY?
Now is not my turn to impress you, now is your turn to redeem your decency.
Seabiscuit ranks #25 in the top 100 race horses of all time. He's my personal favorite, because he was considered unimpressive & unimportant
I keep my friends as misers do treasure,cause,of all things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship.- Pietro Aretino
Thanks for the retweet, Larry! I hope all is well.
lol that was awkward
Recycle your Christmas tree at EDCO Station, at 8184 Commercial Street in La Mesa between December 26 and January 15.
lol that's DC I live in Washington state :p
hee hee we live close ... For now ;)
I woulda been ur father but the line was too fuckin long
Very interested in the response to this! RT Has anyone written/posted anything about digital preservation of text messages?
The only thing I fear is being bare in the forest.
The heroes are not born heroes are.)))
Miss u too. Ill txt you sometime(s). (/*0*)/
Why don't Republicans adopt a "don't ask, don't tell" policy regarding religion???
nothing yet. I dont know what is great there other than the standards. Always wanted to try Brightsens and Galitoire.
My mind is blown! I cant believe he likes her!
come play dice with me i will be working all night 2011 s 1 street
Heading to the cape for the day.
but we're ugly enough without masks. Better see you headbanging with us when we come out to Arkansas!
It's a little creepy that iPhone's "assistant" has a name. If I get one, can I rename her?
SHOUTOUT TO ROBBIE!!! EVERYONE FOLLOW HIM AND HE WILL FOLLOW BACK! :D
What's your fav singinging competition show? #TheVoice, #AmericanIdol, or #X-Factor? im going with The Voice. (but idol has more talent)
what is this 2 nites now i cant waych any videos because of this tubemogul what is it ?
Oh jeeze. Business Law
You have to put in many, many, many tiny initiatives that nobody sees or appreciates ahead of you accomplish anything worthwhile.
LETS GO POWER!!!! CLEVELAND SUCKS!
your just a pussy clark....
And Carol you're the lady on every bus who always gets hit on by the creepy dude on every bus.
we're gonna miss it
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!
Watching The Green Hornet!!!! Awesome Movie!!!!!
very cool!!!
yeah but I don't know U we should make a Facebook page like the iconic boyz have kind of
in southfield doing what
Rihanna was awkward. Lol
LOL I love my family<3 they're crazaayyyy!
And g'nite!
Hawks score!!! Going into OT
I vote for the cranberry ricotta cake...delish!
Also, when I login online (not on iphone), it says my membersjip is expired and all my data will be deleted...
the kid was more concerned about the base, weak stuff, should've dropped the base and given biggest hug to the Sgt.
i'd be curious what the women of twitter thought about this as well.
haha me too, I hope I feel better tomorrow! 😷
RT : The allergist's office is dangerously close to a lot of flowering plants. > GENIUS!
i was thinking about it more...i just dont know how the distance of the ball flying constitutes and error...
2nite I find Matt Barnes mildly attractive #what's goin on??
I know. It's killing me! Lol
Why am I so hungry today.
6 more days til the release of my 1st single #DanceLikeYouMeanIt. I'm so excited!!
thanks for the follow ... just in time for my birthday!
martabak 3rd round was awesome.....now time to go home for rest...
LA in Winter is the place to be!
$200k! I wish we had stolen it.
Jets fans will be in the Tebow pose, praying for a quarterback that can throw a forward pass.
Amen RT : Heat fans are getting excited over their wins like the eastern conference ain't already SUPER weak.
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 6
#Giants vs. #Cowboys time!!! Let's Go GMEN!!
“: Anxious sleeping.”<<-- Must be anxious if you're sleep-tweeting.
love the new song on the video journal, and we had a great time at your show in madison last night!! keep goin', ur great!
The Black Keys Pandora station is by far the best one you could create. Just badass music throughout. Could listen to it all day
not soon enough!
I laughed WAY too hard at this hahahaha
Missouri is to Iowa as Pennsylvania is to New York!
Wow- Christian is HOT. How could I forget that?
Don't forget to give life something that inspires today.
Officially on Pacific Time!
A lot of ugly chicks are a good lay.....Guess they overachieve to keep you. lol
following you now, yes am author of blog.
For the next 3 hours swing by Polished Tavern and get the deal shown here: Free Infused Vodka
haywood making me mad
Rule #26: Take heed when hotel staff tell you "it's a nice place to have a drink, but I wouldn't eat the food."
Finally continuing HG trilogy with CATCHING FIRE. Moving a bit slowly IMHO.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 25
He makes happy.
We in here ee goonn set it all
from the N.O?
awesome!! I'm gonna give u a shout out in my next video tomorrow night!! And thanks!!
WHO ELSE LOVES REALIZING THAT ONE YEAR FROM KANSAS CITY IS GOING TO BE BUZZING WITH THE BEGINNING OF OUR FIRST SEASON!?!?!
RT : Oh, and if any of you are looking for a nursing bra, be sure to check out Zulily on Monday for some great deals!
well here i am :)
fucking best night of my liifeee i looovee you
ya knew that was coming...they are cowards!!!
Reading magazines definitely makes you crazy. We're all a bunch of loons around here.
I wanna be an onion, so everytime you hurt me, you're the one that cries.
"the district"
So they brought Meek back up, but I bet they find a way to get Jake Fox to the bigs.
#LeslieKnope is back!
Hey good morning evrybody how are u guys today is my grandpa birth day. HAPPY BIRTH DAY GRANPA I LOVE U SO MUCH
I'm in a really good mood!
Our Minnesota location just renewed our PIM membership! Excited to be back for a New Year! www.pimn.org
How bout everyone minds there own buisness and dont worry about what other people are doing!!!
Why can't I think of any awe inspiring quotes or sayings? :(
Excited H&A is contracted as Production Manager & emcee for the fashion shows. If you are in the area check it out. Say hi! Cc:
Forty five minutes . . . till the beginning of the end
what? oh...oh right.
Getting ready for to take the stage! After the concert we have the one and only spinning. Bring your dancing shoes!
WOW!! THAT'S WHATS UP I'M ON IT NOW N DEF APPRECIATE YOUR SUPPORT BE SURE N SEND LINKS 4 PROMO
The merger passed!!!! Congrats, fellow artists - I am SO HAPPY for all of us. #oneunion #SAGAFTRA <3
dont test me sissy! daddy loves ME more :P
But I am a drinker but im not drinkin heavy doe
Texas heat sounds better than Yorkshire rain and grey sky! Enjoy practice & thanks for follow.
We're catering at The Bogey Inn during Muirfield (11:00 am til close) Thurs-Sat. Come see us! (Restaurant closed those days.)
Just saw Into the Abyss, Werner Herzog's new doc. Very, very well done. Opens in San Diego next Friday.
jk...Catch22 may not have one. Trinity's drivers are assholes - wouldn't let us on at MP once bc he 'didn't remember us'
i didn't even say totes on purpose.
One of the worst feelings is meeting the perfect person at the wrong time...
El segundo del Madrid!!
This dude really comin at me stupid Dr.
Aww, poor Tan-Tan. I don't think my school would care... they'd just be like... don't do it again...
Thank you for sending me 2 dresses overnight to save the day! Justine was great.
Lost my iPhone head set. Can't live with out it. Driving me nuts.
its gonna be a good one! Ashland High Live debut performance at Chain Reaction on your Birthday! We'll be celebrating!
that's when I hit unsubscribe! So annoying.
Packing soon for #ARMA12 - looking forward to an info-packed conference!
read Straight Ahead last summer - has inspired MANY projects/ideas! Thank you!
Carne asada and The Doors. Good night.
Cereal only lasts so long... In other news, just picked up 'when pole r big & God is small' by Ed welch. It's gonna be great!
lol yea I'm almost done though.
#raw10 Have a Friend who is very skinny, but his Wife is very fat. When u see them together walking, they look like the number: 10!
Emotion - Samantha Sang ❤
definitely! I left his card @ home. I'll DM it to u tonight.
No luck with a live link of the newser from China. We'll work on a link to new details shortly.
how do we integrate the new Basecamp with your app?
I really should figure out what I'm wearing...
Shit, I had so much to do this week too....
So I take the post-test walk of shame to my room only to find that it smells like cigs? #fuckinKiddinMe ?
Lord we lift you high, Oh God be magnified You have overwhelmed my heart, I'm amazed by who you are 💜
A beautiful day in West Palm Beach FL! Can't wait to get up on stage! 6:25 skull candy, be there =P
I like how i tell everything and he tells me nothing!
I'm biased and like #wildmed though it's not necessary as it's our handle.
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back 
That's exactly what I said !
What do you all look for in an account confirmation email? Do you like it short & sweet? Informative? Let me know what you think.
#Ingratiate is the word of the day. to get (oneself) into someones favor especially to gain an advantage...ingratiate
Relationships that lead to marriage > I want that
I love Finley, but his post catch antics remind me of C. Carter 10 years ago...every catch...
opening day today!
Whatever you want, you got it sweetheart.
oh! Dang, hope it gets better fast! Just drink more so that you can't feel it LOL
Cant beileve im about too go to bed.
“: #Gemini have a captivating personality. They are quick, witty, have a good sense of humor, trendy, & chic.”💜GeminiTaurus
Mike Brown should pull the swerve and draw up a play for Eyenga and the win lol!!
New crowd estimate: 68,000 and still growing outside, 450 inside at 3 pm, Capitol police spokesman says.
noo there not he just did that cuz he is a dick
That's going to make the 8 a.m. meeting tomorrow that much harder to go to...
I got money scheme right into my dreams
Who are you to judge the life I live?
someone that was holding an event. He knows who he is!
No doubt fam. You had some Hip-Hop royalty in last night! Great event - #Respect S/O
my momma crystal is on one... Lmfao!
You fight like a hampster!!! Lol
you go girl
that's great James, good luck to you on your presentations!
You would have loved it! I didn't win one unfortunately :(
Pryor hasn't had a shot though. Leinert is proven...to be trash.
Tomorrow is your day. You will see VL. Go Kurt
U wouldn't happen to have a photo of fava beans sold on streets of Rome, would you?
FYI: 5:30am is not early enough to get in near the front of the line used gear sale in Santa Monica, CA. Opens at 7a.
"Happiness is a by-product of an effort to make someone else happy." - Gretta Brooker Palmer
if i don't pass this final on monday my life is over as i know it. please let this work out in my favour!
#FridayReads The Wrong Mother - Sophie Hannah
Incorrect assertion here. BOT and boosters will make the decision.
Underground; A series
Okay! text me!
Need toothpicks today to keep my eyes open and I think I forgot to eat dinner and breakfast.
what color should i paint my nails?
What a wonderful concept...
stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fuckin' around motherfucker.
.6 of a mile #run today! My best yet :)
where are you from??
Raw cacao nib, golden raisin, walnut trail mix for breakfast
Lots of great things planned this week... Wonder what we'll cover next?
are the stones going on tour for their 50th anniversary?
REMINDER; daylight savings is Sunday. Don't forget to turn ur clock back!
Thrifting sounds good. Let me make certain that Glen didn't make plans.
Thx...glad you like it! There's more to come...
check out for a great example of an informative account.
you were in my dream last night, you blew up the tiolets in my school....which is weird cause I barely know you.
haha want to TC at ten?
He told me the same thing but I was dressed like a panther at the time.
you can't say what you won't do 'cause you that you jusst might.
John Mar Gay?
4.15 for gas.. That's a joke
Is this play like somewhere famous?
its ok I think its just your picture
us too! The only way to travel ;) happy holidays!
That was FAR WORSE than a StormyBreeze throughout the South, that was the "NightmareBreeze"..! So, so saddening.! We DON'T want that again.
hope you have a great day!! Xo
Autocorrect just changed "sounds good" to "found god." Geez.
Game Tuesday vs. Lebanon
Chicks dig the beard.
for the first time in my life, I actually want to check-in on FB or Twitter- as watching the game. can't find a way to do it on those or MLB
Why can't all textbooks be as useful and straightforward as my Systems Analysis textbook?
RT : Awesome work and Carl Edwards are doing for Back2back MInistries in Mexico with the orphans.
I still #Believe in the #ChicagoBears :0)
Frank Kern has got to be one of the most bad-ass marketers. Love his stuff!
BOOM-BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA-BOOM-BOOM! BOOM-BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA-BOOM-BOOM! BOOM-BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA-BOOM-BOOM! Back at ya!
How Havlat and have Sharks removed the rubber on the top of the bench wall yet?
May 26 2012 is the May Day run Preregistration is ongoing at
Looking for great hair extensions look no further www. megahairelite.com
I think i wana go ta tha park n think about sum shit
Goodbye sweet summer. You've been good to me and I'll miss you dearly. Until next year!
Happy Friday !! (this is a makeup tweet for missing yours yesterday!)
Aha! RT : nope, I want to sell them the shirt ; )
Playing mean ass tricks on my grandparents >>>
I'm busy
my phone has a mind of it's own and won't turn off the screen aka dies like a bitch. BUYING iPhone TODAY. JUMP ON THE TRAIN!!!
is procrastinating, but not about anything in particular.
i got bills and stuff to take care so id have to put some money aside
CU next time RT : We missed you yesterday! Sending hugs...
ughh thursday :o
im pretty sure I consume more Capri Sun than most kindergarteners
....and here comes MORE drama
your welcome! :D - Zaona
Dear dad- how do fathers pick out nicknames for there daughters?Is there a process? Is there a book of nicknames?
All the #gay guys around here are black nd Im not racist just for some reason my fam has noprob with me being gay but wont allow interracial
Researching/shopping for a new car. Looking at BMWs and Audis..why do I have expensive taste?!
"I'm not like most girls..." - most girls.
Might work better if you give it to her.
Happy Monday, Twitterati! Hope u all had a restful weekend - now get your azzez in gear!!!
“: R.I.P. Jaymie Somer Cause o' death-epic boredom! -__-” don't die on mehhh !!(x
Did you know CoQ10 helps maintain a healthy cardiovascular system, is an antioxidant and supports healthy heart function?
#migraine yesterday means my body needs a little pep talk before its ready for today. Today's a new day.
This event 5th Annual will be in BEVERLY HILLS, Calif., -- John Travolta and others like him will be there with Jim Bennett of AP Insights
loyalty is something you cant purchase
My question is, can we come with you on these trips to explore as well? That might be fun to experience it all together!
Everything went great! lets see wht happens(:
RT : Be realistic about what you expect to find, African American genealogy is challenging. #lvalearn . Amen to that!!
Ooh, very nice cover. The book looks quite enticing, too! I added it to my wish list.
Asdfghjkl. I hate school. That's all.
G2E Gaming convention in Las Vegas i now over. What a fun experience. Next stop Bakersfield, California and San Francisco this weekend!
#SuperBowl that's the way the National anthem should be sang, this time last yar Aguilera screwed up
Two weeks from now, my morning commute becomes twice as long.
its Audrey! Lol
looks like plans to meet up with my crush n go see the movie was canceled :( there is always next weekend tho. lol
already did ^.^
Ready to Rock out March 10th expo
I got a job in Bollywood aka India. I am so happy. I will be a consultant in animation & marketing.
hi I believe you're sending out viruses. Did you write me 4 times last night?
Colorado is a dirty Team!!!! really really dirty!!!!
it'll only hurt for minute, then it hurts god. ;-p
who dat? Rams dat last year. That's what's up. :)
My face is numb. I just got a cavity filled at the dentist. D:
The music video shoot on Long Island, NY is a wrap! Back to Manhattan I go.
Just saw an incredible mustache and got a high five from a stranger.
"Compassion" starts with Compas.
Let's see. Probably abt $1,000 in repairs on my RV & my new phone still doesn't work right. It's just an all-round great frickin' day:(
You know when you love someone? You let them have the last fry.
Where y'at?! Everywhere at once? #SXSWi I'm at 501 6th St, the SoundCloud Open House. Upstairs.
I feel like all I do is…laundry.
cool - a faster half-life!
Even worse than saying "I need to fluff my clothes"?
I hear you and I agree! What's your fave cake? Mine is Reine de Saba - my hubby makes it on me birthday.
All I can say is, hopefully my Interview goes well on Sunday.
Working-out with glasses on is a pain in the arse!
RT : Every girl is beautiful in their own way.
Thanks and by the way I loved it:)
follow bakk bro
I want Brandy to do well though. With the right folks she can def head back on top. I mean rnb is almost dead these days.
Enjoying a wonderful Breakthrough event in Puerto Rico, and we'll leave it a better place when we are done. Give back!
German Shepherd Operating a Faucet: via
“: #Bachelorette starts tonight! ❤😍❤” Heck yeah
Yea! That hasn't been in the press releases I've seen. Just that the "official publisher" contract was not renewed! Thanks! :)
Like the photo. !!
-bitch talkin shit but never say shit to your face!
throw up the pic of Sully bro'n it up on Easter
Yes, but it forces you to pass self as a parameter, completely negating the benefit of a closure.
it will come and go strong smart will live and best of luck just watch out
i would change the fact that people have to die...it so sad to deal with and if i could chose...that's what i'd say n_n you???
its still ridiculous to say someone shouldn't graduate just because you're a straight A student. Way to look down on people.
Awesome things are about to happen in Wolman Hall!
why are boobs good why are rainbows cool how does the pawsy tract work on the rear end of a Plymouth
Charles Barkley is gong off. ROTFLMBO!!!!!!!
I want to. But I need a ride. I can't drive down and back twice in 3 days.
follow back bro!
same u got everything yet
you are a bad influence on me!
They're so lucky.
My book is about a lesbian physicist, indepen­dent judgment, maternal depro­gram­ming, superfluid helium, and a con­cupiscent crustacean. Hm
discussing the merits of cabaret Wednesday August fifteenth
stop giving details about yr sex life
There are few simple pleasures more glorious than the morning cup of coffee.
MAHOMIESSS! Help us trend #AustinYouShouldGoToGermanyAlsoForTheNeighboursLikeHollandAndBelgium tonight 9 O'clock PM benelux time! X
#imjestsaying fuck all u bitch ass fuckers and u know who u r
Teachers & staff have been very busy today getting The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism ready for tomorrow when all of the students return.
For all the prophets and the Torah prophesied until Yochanan. - Yeshua
guess i should start getting ready....
when you get a moment, do you think can follow me? Lol Hope you're well Will.
I just ain't on the shit u niggas on...and when y'all b in the way, I'm in the zone
More likely digital immigrants are creating products for COs run digital natives, aiming to disintermediate the immigrants
Playing wit my new Samsung Epic 4g
♀It's sad when people are on your team BUT really they're your opponent♀
: I will be back real soon, have a meeting there. I can't wait to see them... Love you more!
#FF Follow Friday What Kind of Jobs are you looking for?
u hav a problem?
umm!? I don't know :/ bummertacular
Man, I gotta poop. Hate when that happens at a shit hole bar before a rock show. Oy.
Yep, get there Fri afternoon.
<----- bored n kinda hungry
Another 1 bites the dust? RT : FLASH: Al Jazeera says brigade in charge of Gaddafi's security surrenders and lays down arms
can't handle the chicken sandwiches at school
Salsa Saves Lives event: Saturday, May 5th, 10am-2pm at La Salita.
I am craving chocolate.
have you ever tried tomato jam? The sun golds are so sweet I think it might be good.
5 MORE MINS TO BUY ONLINE TICKETS TO
Me too!
the one you gave me
Meaning, Red Carpet play will require 5/7 matched sources now (a VERY RARE Play). We needed to make some changes given past weekend events.
seriously nice work on the prompt fix on Github. Badass.
Will you came to Greece for a concert?? Please!!
and are at this month. Time off may need to be adjusted accordingly.
Just tuned in to Prime Minister's Questions on C-SPAN. Love to watch the debate.
Could you please follow me, or RT this.
Poured rain in Clearwater! We still owned it!
There Is No Time2Stop & Listen 2 What Haters Gotta Say Just ZoomRight Pass Them Even If U Still Hear It.It Shouldn't StopYou JUST KEEP GOING
Another work day at least today was pay day
Now I need to find twitterers from La #Javierana university in Bogota.
There just ain't enough time in the day
Whatever school decides to go to, they will be LUCKY to get him! So great!!
Great Day for GSHL hoops 3 teams in Final 4
so beautiful! Now to beat the OTHER Manchester punks tomorrow!
Are you getting excited for your semester in Vina?
Is about that time for a sonic milkshake.
Layed out on the couch after the WORST all day interview EVER!!! Trapped n a car, 50 miles from home, with 2 smokers and 27 cats... I on ...
Hates you too den!!!!
I'm not lonely, I'm not a boy but "I'm a lonely boy, I'm a lonely boy" keeps banging around in my head.
You know you're getting old when your whole body is sore from a softball game...
ok I didnt really need to know that! What size?... Lol jk
I'm an ageist and I hate myself for it.
We're giving away an Ugly Christmas Sweater! Follow & Retweet for a chance to win one of our 3000+ sweaters!
I was so surprised at how well this works for me!
Are Hot Dogs Really Made From Dogs ?!
I am taking more than a week off in August! Brewery tours? Mad Planet?
"How terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the wise" - Lord Coward in "Sherlock Holmes"
I think I met another Mr. Jeff Bennett fan. But Im MORE than just a fan! ;) That man sure knows how to handle things hehe HES MINE!
haha I would work you in knockout, but on a real note I miss you two!!!
hey my sisters 10th birthday is on March 23rd and The one thing she wants is a shout out. Please! ps her name is Haylee
Apparently you live longer if you drink 4-6 cups per day. I'm not buying it!
But you need to... NEED TO!
oh yeah, meant to tell you... tomorrow is my bro-in laws bday too. Going to Agatina's for dinner. May stop by afterwards.
Modern Furniture Warehouse Opens Distribution Center in Florida (openPR) - As part of its continued plan for growth in 2012, Modern Furni
Thx. Called LMI help & found one can have multi comps on single acct. Just added each comp @ host & refreshed app. Works now.
hello deann and friends
its not today..they changed our to tomorrow 2-3 in Kilgore
Obama supporting same sex marriage is a win. #obama2012 all the way.
There is no winning or losing in relationships, it's about being on the same team, even when arguments turn you against each other
Chipmunk family reunion
So, whats up ?
can the boys at least go to Z100 portland #bring1dtoseattle close enough
Disappointed yet again.
Why are some people never satisfied with what they have?
Senior Day for Rob Wilson and Jordan Taylor today at Kohl Center. #Badgers tip off against Illinois in just a few minutes ...
It makes me sad too :( I was debating whether or not to post about it here but I think I dislike it that much, it's warranted.
: sorry I wasn't there today - mom with 3 MS kids came in and wanted last-minute tour...had to do it :(
Having so much fun working on set w/ & !!
Yeah bitch i do this shit
RIP Frank Foster
yea when my barber aint there I come back later...They be tryin tho..im cool
thanks for the support!
Why the fuck do I try? You clearly don't give two shits about me anymore.. I'm just taking up space in your "perfect" little life.
I Love You❤😄
:) hey Chris. I found you. Have fun on Sunday. Looking forward to it.
Week 7 tonight on tune in and hear who next on the 2-1-0 Mic Pass w/
They say jealousy is a disease, get well soon bitch!
Squirrels can climb trees, pit bulls cant.
Your welcome and thank you. Your awesome too! :)<3
It's a good thing I love to sort, label, and organize things....there's a TON to be done, but the studio is coming along nicely! :)
's happiness makes my day better..
I honestly don't know. I've seen clips of Portlandia but I don't know what song you mean...which one?
Web 2.0 is the paradigmatic post-modern world
Got your bags packed for that move to SoCal..soon...lol What do you want for x-mas, an OL?
Possibility not only for data curation career paths, but also reward structure for curation of data sets and related work.
Cap'n Beefheart :(
Have a feeling this might end up being one of those weekends where I'm drunk for like 58 consecutive hours. Looking forward to it!
Grizzlies could of won this series smf
is hash laser tag really fast hashtagging, or playing laser tag on hash?
half day :)
taking a study break for retail therapy @ uvillage
Thank you!
no idea why but the Junior Seau saga just now really sunk in. Man this sucks. I can't imagine something like this happening to a
We will build a shrine.
damn your friends are bad ass. I can't believe someone would do something like that
I'm going to barf. Come on #Nuggets. Punch Kobe please
Make sure that you practice using your pendulum, on a daily basis. There is a lot of fun in using a pendulum to get answers.
The Latinas Learning to Lead application submission is getting closer, you just have 2 days before April 11 arrives. Submit your...
Hi Melissa, Happy Friday!
Back to these books
RT Nice shout out RE & MRSQ article on evaluating library's mobile website Added 2 reading list.
Just saw the Playmaker workout Justin Blackmon on #NFL network, PLEASE GIVE HIM HIS OWN SHOW! HE's a #BEAST! and the
Favorite B/W Horror Movie favs? Earth vs. the Spider(1958) - 13 Ghosts(1960)
it beats Anne frank any day!
maybe he should've shot it more when your team dropped five out of seven games earlier this year!
never thought of this but did Gov Daniels deliberately take a shot a Gingrich on the "family" comment?
trending topics are always so funny
Apples & peanut butter!
Dragapalooza: Biggest Drag Event in the city! Tomorrow Night
will do. It's a pretty holy display of app skinning! Stay tuned.
A1: Heartfelt stories that evoke emotion are great for viral. People want to connect.
I can still take that picture of the tequila tasting if you like!
Can't wait until next Saturday!!! GO SPORTING!!
Audio and gaming commanded the highest interaction rates with 5.95 percent and 5.91 percent respectively.
now if I could master how to turn conflict to collaboration in all other areas of life!
I love Austin, Justin, One Direction, Tay-S, Breezy, Weezy, Adele, Cher Lloyd and Demi! RT if you love one or more of them.
500 followers!! Yesterday I had 300!!! :) thank you guys for following me!!!
Welcome to NTH Chris Occhipinti! Chris joined us on July 18th and will be working with Lori Myott out of our Grand Rapids office!
sent friend request
YOU'RE COMING TO PITTSBURGH WITH TSS! guess who's gonna get a little drawing of himself? His name starts with w & ends with es ;)
Appreciate what you have
Ok I'm getting to deep lol
": ": drinkn Sprite liven life ." *living" dont.edge her wack ass on Daejah
TXT ME WHEN YOU SEE THIS
If your looking to get into the air conditioning field, I also do EPA and R410 Certifications , just give me a call
Good Morning Beautiful People #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT.com
Im sorry that song isnt available yet I tried to get it.
In honor of the amazing #EttaJames and the beautiful, classic "At Last". Thank u 4 being the legend you were!... fb.me/ucvFaBjQ
RT - 2011 NFL Predictions: Jacksonville Jaguars Headed for Bottom of AFC South - Bleacher Report
I would just like to say, and I think we can all agree, that "zugzwang" is a bad ass word
You guys were incredible. Can't wait to see what you do next!
You should become one if that is your passion! Go for it!! Hey, I do have another question concerning our prev conv on biz :)
NEW BLOG POST - "How I Got Punched in the Balls By A Grown Woman, and Other Buffalo Bills Debauchery" www.mikegamms.blogspot.com
I'm wondering if you'd be up for a Battledecks session at Seattle Creative Mornings in May. Interested?
I MISS U XX
Get something hot together my Dogg.
evening boys and girls. Hope your Mother's Day was a good one :D
Those Hanson sisters used to be so sexy. Especially that little drummer girl.
#NeverAgain with the challenges i just did! My arm burns so bad! And my mouth tastes like shit!
I try to design my courses so it's more work to get an "F" than a "C," but still…
Not at all. Proud of him. RT : Wonder how bothered N.C. State fans are to see that RW is from Wisconsin not State.
@ where is my twitter hubby? kuz he aint home lolz
Just worked out...a little run/ walk action
Open House today from 1:30pm - 4pm at 4820 King Street, Denver CO!!! www.4820KingStreet.com
Pickup Line: When God made you, he was showing off
hahaha oh but of course :P #ps I like your new avi
: Holding onto the hope of owning my own biz that makes a difference for folks. Time to get serious... <- HUGS!
I KNOW asdfghjkl
you're such a sweetheart. Thanks, Stu. :)
need wiki report on value of open content over here at #amia11 - help?
FOLLOW ME 4 A SHOUT OUT!
I'm trying to find more we can die to!!!
please FOLLOW ME PLZ I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS & I DO FOLLOW BACK
yep #alphawolf proud. Swear had a better turnout for season ticket pickup party. Oh well.
I KNOW. OMFG. IT HAPPENED SO SUDDENLY THOUGH.
Sometimes u have to break the rules and do the right thing....
ah shucks. Thanks! Lots of work still to do, and lots of great colleagues with whom to do it like and !
Thank you! I appreciate it! Miss you, girl! “: I found you! Haha. I'm praying for you, chick!”
hey what's up?
Apparently im a fulltime 7u baseball coach! RT : I haven't seen you in a minute. Where you working at now?
thank you, haha.(:
my thoughts everyday... which is why I don't take yoga. lol
All of this birthday love is overwhelming. I don't know how much more I can take. I feel so loved right now. Thanks so much!
Long night?
All of our Lincoln fans get ready!!! Broken Crown will be at Duggin's Pub this Friday Night with our friends Faded Black.
If you child has the ability to spontaneously and unexpected scream and cry, it is too young to be in public. Please remember this.
oh boy.
that's great Thank you! Hopefully I'll be posting soon
Insane. Corey Fogel just played drums in my work neighbor’s office 4 her bday. W/ a fake flower between his teeth.
school tomorrow...whats that test about again?... wait, what? we have 2 tests tomorrow? oh great get to stay up and study for another hour!!
#wiunion MT #ProudIgnorance #GOP Rethugs | 's budget | Gladly endorsing more war, more poverty, & more corruption.
Walt Zerbe to Join Legrand as Product Manager - Home Toys (press release)
This headache though<<<<
Any opinions on using BookDaily?
Ditto. Any idea what causes that?
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  62
she gives birth to a grin like a harlot working like a mother with twins she hold secrets within
Great meeting you all last night! Looking forward to staying in touch...
it's okay. I'll live lol
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. Michael Jordan
Babe Ruth idolized "Shoeless" Joe Jackson that he adopted his hitting style. In Ruth's words "He's the guy who made me a hitter."
I'm never afraid of rejections because at the end of the day I know my worth so someone's loss is another gain
2 weeks with my amazing boyfriend. LOVING LIFE <3 •lexx•
Is it still cool to be the "czar of the telestrator?" Feel like there has to be cooler technology in 2012
Well that's Adam's fault. He told me it was that handle!
It's #lodgeme Fridays!!! Patron bottle give away at 12:30
turns out the Leica is still there waiting on parts. The f5 repair was cheap and seems thorough. It's back to being a beast
ditto! Can't wait to get it out on the HS shelves tomorrow!
Ppl just dont understand when its over, its over.
Good Food, Good Beer! What more could anyone want! ?
Good calls!! RT : Grimbergen Dubbel, Goat Cheese Bruchetta and Beer Cheese Soup Awesomeness.
my dog angie has ptsd, but love and security are getting her thru it
Yikes! I'll be thinking of you.
Amazing how the Oscars updated with youth...and awarded traditional.
I can't do this anymore.
What is it about night that inspires me? All these images will end up in film, even if they are shot on my cell --
im good had poor sleep tho x
He would throw it back in your face... if you dared to give him any lower than $5... a $1 simply won't be enough.. lol
Juice Newton
Hate to admit my techie ignorance but never knew properties function even existed until your mention. Is it a keyword prompt?
remaining relaxed. Once the woman is able to imagine all the items in the hierarchy without experiencing anxiety, she is instructed to ...
Thanks to for following us on Twitter!
Really? Hispanics and Blacks now 'not' voting for Obama because of Gay marriage? Idiotas!
we can tell ur bored lol jk follow plz and take good pics of the concert for me since im not gonna be there :'(
In my 20s I thought I knew everything. In my 30s I realize I know nothing.
it's a Square Donut! A statistical anomaly worthy of Guiness's great book... Haha & I eat donuts while dancing quite regularly
Hey, at least the day can only get better from this point forward...
That's great–hope you had a good time. I'm watching the Think Tanks and Netroots panel now
Yup RT : Everyone has one friend that they secretly hate.
Just received official notice from #FluxDesign FIRM remodel date will be MONDAY APRIL 23RD! One day install. Reopen...
#Surrey have certainly been going a lot better since lunch yesterday. Perhaps they were just hypoglycaemic.
It would be awesome to have you at InSquared! Use and share promo code "wwt" for free reg. Thanks
Hey everyone.
follow us if this has happened to u: 1..2..3 Smile!!...."did you take it"...."crap its on video"....lol dammit!
AFC Divisional Playoff Game kicks off in just a few minutes... Go Steelers!!!!
Like an orchid sprouting from the head of a tortoise.
Listening to library architects from DWL Architects and Planners at
Worked out today inbed for school
Votebook: Futures-like All-Star Game intriguing
She said she on her period like she aint got a mouth
Cannot wait to see the book!!!! Thinking Person's Guide to Autism...Thank you!
my new puppy hurt her in her wing so we took her to a house like in front of our house and she's with another chikens:)
you gotta be overweight for WW.
PCA&D seniors show their stuff
They are so short though! Meant for the attention span of the young generation
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Lots of celebs in town for #SB46, but is still our favorite!
Still miss Him, even though I'm having fun.
next tweet you'll make I'll point it out braskiii.
new phone lol
told you he's perfect.
Kids + noses + plexiglass museum case = smudges. Other than that? No complaints.
Four questions for interviewees to ask (modified from radio prog heard in summer). I often found interviewees didn't have good questions...
things are totally coming up Kaelan - how about a #hawks win to top it off?????
an old perv keeps talking to you
Thanks so much for your sweet #FF mention! That made my day! You're awesome! :)
S/o to everyone that got faded last night and is on their way to church right now.
Just watched The Pursuit of Happyness and now I'm going to cry myself to sleep.
The April issue of Hoof Beats is finished and on the way to subscribers, I am now working on the May issue---looking good so far!
Double check on the need for water-- we just came from AL-- they had water up the wazoo so we traded for socks
RT : Getting this party started!!!!!
there's the 1% and then there's the .01%
“: Pulling out gum in class is like pulling out crack in rehab. #JP”
On the 950: Comics immortal Stan Lee 2day - with excerpt from interview we did in 1968. I was 6.
Why is everyone so excited for this weekend??
No Susan Philipsz buttons left!
#ThingsIHearEveryday Dedep..... wake up..it's another day! I couldn't believe it, my mom is always saying that on the phone every morning
Update: Our sports chat with has been rescheduled to Tuesday (tomorrow) at 11 a.m. ET. See you there!
that never happens to me, ur special
Stay tuned tomorrow night for some exciting mobile open source announcements! #iphonedevla #androiddevla (via )
...and grant funding is a temporary solution, not long-term economic plan. What should new economy of academic publication look like?
Can wait until shit get full again
inconsiderate people <<<
Sitting in Anaheim right now we believe in you
Success! She has finally logged on!
AMEN KEN!! You need to get the right people around you!
so tonight, you became a Draft expert like everyone else? Nice.
Bummer...was hoping to see you there.
is the exclusive sponsor of our Hotel Vegas #SXSW showcase tonight. Only we have your free drink tix. So shake us down
#asist09 ?? I think you go to more conferences than anybody else I know!
They sang the edge of glory perfectly.
What if you put the commish of the NFL Roger v.s. the head of the decertified NFL players union Smith and put them in a cage UFC style....
I'm taking the day off. Now get dressed and come on over!
no problem thank you
Sometimes you wake up and you realize you don't give a fuck. Yeah. Precisely my mood this morning :D
one fedora per party! What're you doing
We are open until 3 p.m. today. Closed tomorrow. Regular hours resume on Monday.
THANK U KEEP HIM IN YOUR PRAYERS PLEASE
Venice for sure
My granddad was totally against debt. Feared it. He was an illiterate carpenter, but he built his house on his own money.
“: Thinking of "Poetry is to prose what dancing is to walking." -by British novelist and poet John Wain.”
RT Moment when the only reason I'm awake is cause youhr messages keep waking me up n_♥ !
Damn helicopters so loud. Circling over Mango Brandon FL
I'll check it out. But even if conservatism is "normal," it inevitably loses over the long haul. We evolve.
Thank you! Voted nice and early. cc:
Man has to suffer. When he has no real afflictions, he invents some. Jose Marti
I don't have to like Kristin Chenoweth if I don't want to. Frankly, I have probably disliked her longer than you've known of her.
Anyone in Socorro right now?
I Love You So Much! You have brought me so much happiness! Never Ever Give up! Happy Birthday! I Wish You the Best <3
haha wtf!!!DID HE TELL EVERYBODY!!!!!!wait did rey tell u or MATTHEW!!!!":)
I am one of the cute ones “: All light skinned hoes aint cute. & all darker girls not ugly”
#jobs #NewMexico Recruiting for Active Directory guru for an enterprise user provisioning project. email to learn more.
Heavy set lady singing along - hard - to "I wanna fuc you"
1.5 minutes until the most important speech in the history of Western civilization, people.
Thank you brother!
your gonna make me soo sadd :( at least you got a picture of them(:
Beautiful blue-eyed girls!
cool! next up Clinical Fellowship and you can rock your CCCs
There's a good chance you don't like me. But a better chance I don't care.
Ya I can see that. I actually only remember bits and pieces, Black Dahlia is pretty forgettable, Hollywoodland is decent though.
lol I saw it in theaters when it first came it, I love it!
It's difficult to be stupid because there's so much competition....
hahaz Ur so lucky!!!! imma switch back to my personal account k??
Dont think about the past
Gwynn'th!!! Your mic is do white I'm blinded.
At one point in the 19th century, Nova Scotia was the fourth largest trading nation in the world -- or would have been, had it been a nation
Working on my show for , with new music from Guided By Voices, Nada Surf, and more! Saturday at 8 PM ET. Be there or be octagonal.
At masa azul again. Man this place rocks. Cornbread stuffed quail! Pepita-crusted lamb rack! M.
They should make cars out of adamantium. Indestructible yet very heavy = safety vs fuel economy. Hm.
Replaced a failing mechanical HDD I'd been using for external backup. My last PATA drive in the house. Feel like I should frame it.
When your dreams start to tease you... Your getting old... I'll just this "ghostface grandpa and the wu-cain clan"
"What if Twitter stopped working for a week...how many of you would wait or just say fuck it"
;-) your cute
This is so true!! RT : Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Today is Regular deadline. 5/18 is Late Deadline. bc you are an Alum 50% off. Can't wait to see what you submit. Always great!
Bahaha these words just came out of this girls mouth "I'm sick of this stripper bullshit and that fucking pole" ...
I will never accept the Thurday/Friday start of the
Also headed to work how's your day so far
When I go to the V.A. for care,being surrounded by other Vets. that only see me as a fellow Vet.,for me,is extremely cathartic.
Allegedly my lunch was a can of black beans with salsa and a sprinkling of cheese, hummus with carrots and an apple. Oh the trying on fit.
It's not that I'm BLOWING you off, or PUSHING you away. It's just that you need to SUCK it up and PULL at me a little harder. Just sayin'.
Stats for Lewis&Clark program: 50 projects, 13 sites, 700 resource posts, 1750 Zotero sources
Thinking about DL & what bad timing life can have... Family, friends and personal safety first. All else is secondary.
Teahouse821 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
no darn battery
Attendance varies depending on the topic/speaker, ranging from 50 to 150 people.
I lol that The Biggest Loser is still on, I never get tired of people killing over after a 10 ft sprint ahh good times
Definitely Grace. Just finished your 500+ disseration. Wow-packed w/good lit. Reading Reality book now. Fun stuff for time off
NEVER!! Well at least we agree on the Pack #quitting while I'm ahead ;)
When you stop doing things for fun, you might as well be dead
Wow. Don't start this shit again.
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you.
Don't be a Bettchh,
yes home from work!
thanks for the rt :)
idk! Why? Is fun happening?
Sometimes I jus wanna tell someone how much I love Chris, but I don't think they'll understand.
haha you don't hug trees do you???
Really blessed to have in my life!!! I needed her tonight! :D <3
Thinking about community organizing around collective memory
I am in such a yucky, feel bad for myself kinda mood. What do I need to do to snap out of it?
RIP #MauriceSendak, just taught kids to perform the stage version of Where the Wild Things Are at yesterday :-)
Did you hear abt our new exhibit, "Robert Moses on Long Island 1925-1975"? Explore the master builder & his work on Long Island
Goes to show, a strong identity lasts the test of time -posterization looks cool and iconic even today. Pre iPod ad style?
I'm starring as the cameraman! Why are you in my business anyway?
Pizza of the Week >>> Reuben Pizza: 1000 Island Base, Swiss Cheese, Corned Beef, Caraway Seeds and Sauerkraut!
People hate to see you rock shit they've been slaving to get
oomf really needs to slow down typing his tweets. like I don't want to be rude but it's ridiculous now. what are you trying to say!
Music is by far the most wonderful method we have to remind us each day of the power of personal accomplishment.
Thank you for admitting that.
its over for duke we still undefeated
what are your thoughts on people taking screenshots of notes in notes app?
Note to iconic symbol displayers: Leave your Che Guavera T-shirts at home when visiting Miami.
Hope you're doing well Coach!
I only speak the truth!
Considering taking accent modification courses? Do it with an SLP who is an expert in the articulation of Standard American English.
yes kick is a partnership between and
Subways is packed, like always -__-
Absolutely! Lost track after H&G. Congrats on the book! I keep telling Deb Gilbert we need an impromptu reunion of '88.
last i checked this is #America i dont have to do a god damn thing.
I just made some coffee in my coffee press. What is your favorite method of coffee preparation?
RT : Change is inevitable, progress is optional.
off to bed really tired :) <21
Aston Martin music
J&B will have to suffice.
Reminder: it's a three day weekend! We will be closed this coming Monday, September 5th for Labor Day.
NO! i started reading it for english class, it's very complex.. but i like it so far (:
One dream i would live out if i could go back...singer.
word, I'm still tryna see how long this #sidekick gone hold out
Any idea why Aurora Ave Krispy Kreme blocked w crime tape?
Amen. That makes so much sense. enjoy what we have in the moment.
My external keyboard is getting fritzy. Can't stand the new shallow Apple keyboards. Any suggestions? Bluetooth not usb please.
lmfao Why it gotta be May tho? -_- My B day is on da 22nd
The random metro cars with the black rubber floor make me feel like I'm on a Disney space ride.
Mom:Theres nothing good on pandora!, Me:Lets use my music.., Mom:Let me guess, One Direction? lmao my mom is too good :P
lmaooo #awkward what blew my cover.
Next ? On what ?
I woke up late and then was like screw it I'm not going.
im still on this essay
#resume #tip - Please format your resume to be one page., #jobseeker Thank you!
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me15
Made beeline to the airport coney island immediately upon landing in DTW.
RT : The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you couldn't do.
that's annoying
New Myspace Layout and SIngle Up Now!!!! www.myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
Thursdays burnt ends, Wednesdays beef ribs (unless we deviate from plans)
I am watching hell date...LMAO
nice. have fun. tell Paul O we said hi.
If you are really lucky, you will find one person who will walk through life with you no matter what.
Happy Friday everyone!
So many amazing shows yesterday #mmw. at Armani Exchange , showcase at Tantra. What is everyone getting into today?
You're welcome :) Glad you enjoyed it...
Sure, I already followed (:
Were building lots of #mHealth tools to help people #quitsmoking, esp. teens.
Cool, great shows lately. Btw.
lolz u have a beautiful voice (; u should be a singer!!!!!! (;
i'm not down about it, it was more just reflecting on stuff. thanks for your words of support though, xx
As a joke, I sent my mom a pic of my (literally) empty fridge. She cried, called me anorexic, & is mailing me food.
AP Human Geo test today. Have no idea how I'm going to stay up for that test.
But at least you get some action! : This commercial break is so long I forget what I was watching.
CANCELLED "Darby O'Gill and the Little People" Today @ 3pm
New Candle Cafe in west 80s!!!
Peter Bergen 2day: what's the most important turning point in the war with Al Qaeda? 2Morrow Grand Rapids, for First Person: Seeing Amer8ica
Good luck to all of the runners and walkers at #Crazylegs today! Stay warm!!
Bullying is a terrible thing. For every RT this gets shows a victim of bullying that He/She IS NOT alone. RT It could change a life.
"It's a beautiful communion when you give yourself over to a work of art."
gonna be a fun series, cocky vs bitter, who will prevail
lol Drob is a beast. He blew one I could careless its May. He'll be the best closer in baseball this year.
I'm gonna fly out from the roof and go home.
Hahaha re: Polaroid cameras.
Not losing a friend over something we don't see eye to eye on.
Did you know liability insurance doesn't cover YOUR vehicle? That's right! Ask us about uninsured motorist; call us today! 505-345-8757
Stupid fall-- would love to kill a few miles this morning.
that's down in Austin at
SUBMERCER x WORK tonight.
I disagree. The replay showed no indisputable evidence to overturn the original call on the field.
Hi, yes I did. Sorry I didn't see this sooner, would have totally brought you a sandwich.
I rather have it and not need it then need it and not have it!! #Clever ✓
Pops and I bach'in it tonight, cookin beef tips.
if it wade sense to the masses it wouldn't be "the way" or something like that Lao Tzu quote
- wowowowowowowow is all we can say :)
Yup this brewski!
Cask is tapped: Black Marlin w/ Makers Mark Oak/Vanilla Beans. Come on by! $2 til 5:30, +$1 an hour.
In life you have to stand your ground and allow no person to tell you what you can do & if they're paying attention they realise it.
": God's light shines better through "cracked pots" than it does through those who have it all together." True indeed.
Nice to follow one another on twitter.
I have a soccer game at 6:30!
OMG kids who weren't turning in homework DO now!! 95%of their teachers using mobiles well #wetech nice
those are some Crazie Rims Sir!!!
just about to leave in 10 min. Want to come. There is room in my car
Work is over! Now to bust my tail to get my home, my babies, and myself ready for the events of tomorrow...
Wait, the won?
Project ID tonight at 7:30. Come to Chatham and see it DAMN IT!
awesome hat.
Oh, I did. more or less.
Recharge day! Game night this evening, then Cabin in the Woods tonight.
in essence what I'm trying to get at, a MUCH smaller club. And Hamilton knows he would trade those 4 for Albert 3 any day.
Iwish I was on summer vacation already -_-
Bummer. Don't know what to tell you that would be reasonably close to downtown.
This is one of the biggest and most inconsistent strike zones ever. On both sides.
I need a fresh peice of gum
absolutely gorgeous, you are blessed =)
Thank you! We need a strong, principled Democrat to draw the line in the sand against Barton. I'm ready for the challenge!
Time for a 3rd party that has the following principles: free trade, free markets, individual liberty, peace, limited government.
Quiet morning at the BMV
We've tried emailing JJ to set up a private event....no response :(
Now I'm just waiting for my LG Optimus V to arrive in the mail. So excited to have a real smartphone!
I was in more of a sit on the couch mood than a go to Town mood, plus you weren't going to be at the game anyway, so why bother?
You're welcome! I was so tempted to get some #bluehair!
Bitch im handsome RT : change it back you ugly bastard
Did you really need to make such a bitchy comment about Jen Anniston?
no because im going to be there for you ♥
As if we guys need an excuse. Right Chin??? LOL!
Begging your mom to buy you a ticket to 's concert, then remembering you don't live in New York..
i had to learn this from : "The largest eggs in the world are laid by a shark.” What's up?
gotcha! What are you applying for?
yeay! See you there.
hey jacob, how is your christmas going? Hope it goes well :)
ok how come everything I put up everyday isn't there. It was all saved. Were there issues with stuff changed yesterday?
A little pissed off today
U will get much better results if u pretend the B in B-Roll stands for Beauty not Bullsh**t. Or call it something else i.e Abstract Poetry
ha - truth comes out! Seriously tho these are some good tips. Did u know ur supposed to vacuum your bed?
Have you been to the Dark Horse Saloon for salsa dancing yet? Next event is January 27.
Success breeds fake friends & true enemies.. Keep your friends close.
How many great ideas do you think you will have in your lifetime?
I've conceded to the fact that he'd rather be overly unselfish and have his time like him that ruffle feathers. WELP
they can't be that bad
Alrighty boo! I'm watching the Swedish version. You can watch it on Netflix if you have one :P
On the first leg of the 17 hour journey...i am in the middle seat between two mustachioed gauchos. And not the hot kind.
February is American Heart Month! Heart disease is the leading cause of death in America!Eating healthy foods can be one step to prevent it!
The main source of good discipline is growing up in a loving family, being loved and learning to love in return. ~ Dr. Benjamin Spock
i like Ethiopian & i've been meaning to try it. Your review in less than 144 characters?
Hi Niket. Will do. Go Bears!
I have years of experience working for the credit card companies. What do you want to know about them?
pure genius.
Frank Sinatra - There Used To Be A Ballpark - 10:11 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
GOD I'M FREAKING ANNOYED RIGHT NOW.
hopefully it goes well. I'm getting away to enjoy myself so I'll make it work haha
In a fantasy I feel it when u dance with me its feeling like u need 2 b my lady my baby, can't U C I'm talking bout eternity...
Re: wife appreciation. Amazing and admirable! This comment rocks!
make that 6 in 2 innings!! “: 5 #Tigers home runs in last 2 innings (including Fielder's first). Getting me excite for the season!”
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz ---Happy Valentines Day!
Look forward to welcoming you to Stay. Contact us @ , if you would like help with plning visit.
Not to me. As soon as I saw him on Nadal's side, I was ready for this result.
Sounds really cool! I especially liked Adrians breakdown & what sounded like a chorus? Always did have a thing for him
Standing O for Octavia Spencer. True love.
R Wonderful Re-tweeters
Old-style businesses will not be obsolete, they will actually be an critical element of this new civilization.
Its 4am n i got women tryin to hang up posters n dudes tryin to rock out with guitars n basses lmao wtf...im off crown n redbull so its ...
lol right I gotta try up there and ight tell jack she betta not act funny lol
Got to get pronunciations right for the audiobook. Why, oh why, did I mention Gobekli Tepe, a temple in Turkey that's older than Stonehenge?
My two daughters and my mom are with me today. Life is good. Life is great!
Yeah, I never would say otherwise. That's way I'd say 'winking nod' instead of 'biting indictment'.
you're amazing! That is huge. Can't wait to watch :)
Thank you for the RT and all the support!!
Check my book out on www.worthyofpublishing.com username Queen Regina
Hooray for being the only one tweeting....
A BIG thanks to Kristin and her mom for buying my prom ticket. :)
What happened to your j-hawks Monday night?
Spent about an hour in the freezer making pallets just now. Whats cooler than being cool?
Looking for qualified candidates: Network Programmer @ A studio in San Diego, CA. Ping me if you want additional information. Thanks!
Choosing the photo for the cover of "Beautiful Comeback"!
Hey! How was your talent show yesterday AFTERNOON?
stealing my made-up words?!?
I hope u do too I am blessed to be able to go to these games
