“: Reading about food Stamp... Good program!!! ” thnx Cindy
Looks like that's about to change. RT Day 46 - no arrest
#libpitch OH. Here's the phrase that pays (not really pays. I wish): #savenyclibraries. NO LAYOFFS. NO LIBRARY CLOSURES. PONIES!
getting ready for some crazy days coming my way
same here
2 fumbles to start......nice
I am in my insomnia mode again. Without running, I just don't sleep. And my hoof is in a boot for a bit :( How is NY??
banana puddin' sounds bomb!
Happy St. Patricks Day!!! Have a wonderful Day!!!
When someone was once important to you, hating them is impossible
ill do my best! Were in scotsdale so not sure the geographic proximity... & I do dishes well: add detergent, press start :)
Who says,who says you're not perfect?
RT Don’t be that guy who’s always griping. < I agree
And I am supposed to be there during Ramadan
SO WHY DON'T YOU LET ME KNOW IF I COULD GROW OLD WITH YOU.
Had a dream of a very good dream :)
Interesting article, right? Thanks for retweeting!
I recently had the pleasure of meeting Manuel Schwiertz of ON Neue Musik Köln. Among other things he just started a new label for contempora
u can not fight love ....... so why are you doing that ...
Have a lovely morning and a loved filled day!
I left my tooth brush at your crib... And coffee mug.........
Thanks !!! We appreciate the "wow" :)
Lol yea she said u can add her if u want :P
#GOODLUCKJUSTIN!(: i love you!
I tried to help a snapping turtle to cross a road once - I picked him up and he tried to bite my arm off!
“ oh dan did we miss that :-( where the party at???” LOL Dont worry we're gonna redo it #OCHOdemayo LOL
Try our breakfast Groupon Now deal at cafe41! One of breakfast wrap/sandwich & coffee for $3!
have a great time at #celebratemama today! Hope to see you #BabyBashBling on 5/19!
what is called on IHeartRadio?
lmao :'( at least i dont talk like mike tyson so im good right
you are coming up blank because it is its own funny. Politics? Really?
Heading back to work after having a week off. Man, am I tired already. It sucks that my next week off won't be until 2010. I'll survive.
Come Fly Away tix gifted 2 us; So Thankful! Caught Tampa 31st Perf. 80 min of breathless, flawless, fearlessness,& beauty...
Michael Jordan highlights are silly
#raw10 RIP - Nate Dogg - Loved you and your music will stay with me and mine forever.
and Afghan governments have begun secret three-way talks with the Taliban, Afghan President Hamid Karzai told The Wall Street Journal, dis
you the man! Have a happy flight. (catch that #STLCards shot?) Thanks again.
Let god guide your steps and follow his lead when it comes to achieving your dreams and goals
We hope you love it! RT": I got the chicest tweed tote bag from they know their way around a textile!"
Drink Drink Drink Drink
Congrats to you and !
Millenials also having smaller families and waiting longer to have kids = more disposable income in their 30s
Do you think that was a sign that I should paint a bummble bee? Have to stop typing, don't want paint on the keys.
Reminder- as always Ladies drink FREE 6-7pm every Wednesday New wrinkle- 2 for 1 drinks for ladies the rest of the night Forrealz
Goodnight granderz hope u all feel better :) will always be in our hearts he will never! Leave us stay grand! <3
No ima be in PA
Grilling out, my neighborhood out here in Hilliard is having some sorta block party going on a couple of streets over. I hear a garage band.
Just finished a great steak dinner in nyc...wolves almost beat spurs. Debating the game...what did u guys think?
No date set yet. Still trying to sort out the details but would love to involve you!
Woop Woop!!! :o) RT : blasting Tupac's California Love in the studio at request of my EP
yourself to be apart of it.
Yeah. We are the dark horses. LET'S GO PREDS!!
Possible WORLD RECORD: on-air LIVE w/ Ghana *and* SierraLeone. Listen NOW to be part of this historic event!
Glad you liked it! RT : Just received Silent Star - love it and will review it next week. Thanks.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ?
can i help u
hot tamales make u jolly
BREAKING: Dick Clark dead at 82, according to TMZ.
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE,PROBLEM????????? <3
Cleopatra for book club, also Drama: an Actor's Education by John Lithgow (fascinating) are my #fridayreads. Saving romances for Irene.
Sharp white cheddar YuMM
ikr they are amazing. I've been reading them ever since I found her blog xD
All that we behold is full of blessings. ~William Wordsworth
Holtby is a god... He is the future and I thank him. I have no words for many other players and coaches on that team.
u never lied smh I cant wait for it to be over
sorry you had to witness the massacre of that pizza last night... I have a problem
along w/ appreciate the love!!
my kid just did it- had to pick sims for last one when her answer was no:( - sending it to our kids now
First day of no school(:
I can't freaking sneeze...
Update: Caps vs. Pens game 1 now on Saturday at 1PM.
Happy New Year to all of my followers. Hoping you have happiness and motivation to change your dreams into reality in 2012.
i love jordan so much<3
RT : A sunny Cinco de Mayo is underway with mostly dry conditions. Temperatures will be hot in the upper 80s this afternoon
Thanks for the feedback. We simply opted to go with the terminology used in the headline of the article.
Oh god it's the worst
The traffic I have to sit thru on Cicero just to get me a sandwich from Potbelly's
Lol imagine 25 hours a day? How would you spend it?
So Much HW to be DONE!
Best feeling! Don't forget to share haha. I got some too 
You should check out "Terror behind the walls" at eastern state penitentiary in Philly
Getting ready to go dark for #EarthHour at 8:30. Candles ready on the patio.
Listen to podcast. Today's episode features The Santa Clause and Punkin Chunkin.
Metro, why you gotta make me late to the #TeamPike meeting?
New lyric video coming out today... Yayyyy 😃
Well if it makes you feel any better know that praying for you so that you'll be happy once things change
Evidently ESPN no longer bothers to talk to Les Miles for a quote. They just broadcast his Twitter feed.
Lmao RT : #MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew I was walking around time square intoxicated as fuh with
I'm going to assume the ride in my pimp car is what did it for you. (WHY is everyone going to Washed Out?)
Yes - study done at Mt. Sinai. Sorry to hear son failed with muffin. Hopefully with time he will outgrow it!
so what is your instagram cause...I kinda didn't follow you.....lmaoo
do you remember the early #GOP debates when they were talking about #health ? The audience would clap loudly w/talking cuts.
It's more expensive at Campos but Chipotle opens at 11 <
"At midnight I saw the sun shining with a splendid light; …"
Damn right. Can't think of a Soderbergh movie that was interesting.
thank you! RT
First personal training session begins today!
wns, but she'll always be my sister.
Eastern. As in five minutes from now. Tune in!
Happy Birthday! RT I am now the answer to life, the universe, and everything.
Looking for a job? Posting on Facebook tomorrow. Boone county comp hiring
- aha, Girl dnt worry ! I got this !
So im about to run out of gas... I should have followed my gut instinct!!!! Ugh!!!
I promise you, if you chill with my ex friend, she'll fucks with you literally for three dollars.
I do love that the panel was scheduled for opening night of THE AVENGERS (don't know if that was intentional).
Gas prices have never been higher. Unemplyment continues to be high. I am SHOCKED to see a (D) next to Obama's name.
YEEEEAAAAAAHH!!! RT : It's move-in day!
I know.... y'all SUCK! Can't believe y'all are all abandoning me :(
Tolerance. Sounds so easy when in fact it is so difficult!
Sorry Facebook, Twitter and I have a better relationship its not u... wait it is u
That is a glorious song to have in your head!
I think we should take the Carolina road trip this season!!!
!Kool will c!:)
Congrats on your new venture!
Aren't there any REAL people on Twitter anymore? It's either all business or pleas to follow other people!
USC, hurry up.
If you're a guy you'll probably never receive a text from me first, unless its me asking an important question.
RT : Matt Kalil excited to play in the "great city of Minnesota." I'm sure they'll work on that ...
Legs question. Sheer pantyhose black, clear, or no pantyhose?
it's weird because my mom says those kind of things to me, but she thinks they're adorable. like, wuut.
...i'm long dickin like m m m when i get on
I just ran into my elementary school librarian. Like you do.
I'm feeling like a million bucks
My landlord emailed me today that if I need till the first I'm cool, that said, I think I can get a workout in tonight! :) U...
I wanna see! I watched pom and it looked good!
I love spreading time with
Michelle Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers nearly $470G, watchdog group claims | Fox News via
Very excited for an upcoming event we are participating in, here in Colorado Springs... Will update as details become available!
That dude Chase Carraro killing It for Denver.
really?? you automatic lol
Oh... yes! Tara snagged that one!
Its Monday People Let's get this day started. Peace
You, too!! One step closer to the weekend :)
may god have mercy on us if #izturis the man for now....
Austin must be so excited about tomorrow lol
Studying at college is fun, sometimes not, thus, take as much advantage as possible of the knowledge provided, never be afraid to take risk.
You fight with the ones that you love most, that's how you know they truly care.
they better
They better win! Clippers be getting lucky.
This movie Death Race good but cruel..
Parents: 'School is your job!' Really? How come I don't get paid?
Guilty as Charged along with beer & wine flavored snow ones!": Raise your hand if you've ever had a pickle flavored snow cone."
Art in the lobby of the Tehran Hilton by Madi Lanier, a Jewish refugee from Berlin who worked as a window dresser in NY....
Early meeting. Better than a late meeting the day before a holiday, I guess.
Ugh I want to go back to sleep;
"sometimes lipstick solves everything" thanks to Shauna Curtis for the reminder, so true!
hows it going?
Note to - I used your blades for the 1st time today - and they aren't any good. They're F---in' great.
Yeah! Patriots!
My nigga im faded and
": Watching Entourage reruns... #Weakness lol" < that's my favorite show who is your favorite
Make this a super Sunday and come on out to the Hawthorne Burgerville for lunch or dinner to support the Muscular Dystrophy Association.
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 10
Everyone is walking like zombies =0
I believe in reincarnation because no one can be as stupid as you in a lifetime. #LMAO ;)
far as safeties go tho kinda big drop off in talent after Mark Barron and Harrison Smith
she's flawless! :)
See you tonight at 8 in the Living Room.
MY EMOTIONS WHERE ALL OVER THE PLACE AFTER SEEING IT.
Gonna try to save up some money to buy a new iPod Touch, because I'm really starting to want one... <-<
Happy Monday to you! Thank you for following!
love you too
“: Excited to see a new season of gets better and more artistic every season” love it!
Getting ready to see Festen at St. Ann's Warehouse. Stage version of Von Trier's Celebration.
hi i m Zori :)and u
Happy birthday. Hope you enjoyed you day and live to see many more.
Ah no my throat huuurrttss
RT : To paraphrase what was once written about Raymond Chandler, #LevonHelm sang as if pain hurt and life mattered. Godspeed.
Well you have competition.Our friend Lenne Laguire of Elle Elle produced a crawl-worthy blueberry jam, a fig-vanilla bean jam & a chutney
I randomly just got up to clean my room....
Thank you for caring for me. *Smiles softly at *
Eventually the polls will be narrowed down but it is VERY IMPORTANT to get OUT V O T E it does COUNT
We are going to miss our senior footballers. We wish you all the best and dont forget to join FHF when you graduate!
THE FUTURE IS BULLETPROOF, THE AFTERMATH IS SECONDARY, ITS TIME TO DO IT NOW AND DO IT LOUD, KILLJOYS MAKE SOME NOISE.
Special *****$75 for 1000 4x6 glossy flyers, double sided no shipping charge + 20 11x17 posters******This will not last long.......
nice! Are you riding "shot bun"? Ha
lol. You weren't really driving a car, were you?
indeed, sir. indeed
What a beautiful day.... :) no traffic... Oh and the weather is amazing as well :)
Unproductive 2 RT : “Productive stupidity means being ignorant by choice“(from Jnl of Cell Science)
No dude should ever text another dude the word, "hey"
fa real?
damn Madden curse strikes again
How was the walk ?
me thinks I shall today! Around 4
Friday the 13th..Could it be the luckiest day ever? Usually is for me!
Yea it's scary how expensive college is, especially since I'm determined to study abroad
tryna find out where i stay ...bitch i stay wit gunz -- JuicyJ --
Opportunity cost. If you want the book there and now, it costs a bit extra.
insert many expletives here.
follow back kidd (:
I have to call my folks. I know my uncle is somewhere curled up in a corner crying about Chuck.
omfg, you act so fucking innocent like you don't know what the fuck you did! FUCK OFF GARRETT STOP TWEETING ME.
I can't begin to explain how pumped I am for the #WalkingDead tonight.
Grammys are one thing, but Jared Jeffries will be talking about & on Sports Xtra on Fox 5 NY at 10:30 EST
Twelve Americans recieve prescribed marijuana from the U.S. government
17 days! EEk!
It's official! The SFPD are enforcing the new "sit/lie ban" in #sf. Between 7am-11pm, no sitting on the sidewalks! What are your thoughts?
" I live for that kinda stuff!"
you got season tickets? nice
After quietly stalking the sandwich for miles through the dense forests, the housecat feasts on its query.
Did you ever read the Falstaff as the overman section in Ruin The Sacred Truths? Its center is Falstaffian aggression.
Thanks guys. Ankle pain and feet galloping to pieces but mission accomplished
Thanks for coming and to the IIA 2012 Kickoff!
What goes in dry but comes out wet, the longer it is in the stronger it gets, what am i... A tea bag that's what you were thinking of. right
Cathedral Square already has its #Christmas lights in the works! What do you think? How early is too early for #holiday decorations?
#Fourpeaks Creative Leaders Dinner at Pearl Jam guitarist's Studio Litho. To discuss: what is the next step for the Pacific Northwest?
Just watched star wars with my son for the first time ever. I cried, seems rational.
Thanks... Can't wait to watch.
those times when your mind take over..
#SFL #Event Profs: Join the Greater Miami EPA Chapter! Let's build our biz's together. Any q? Ask
At creative mornings with
There is snow on my lawn ghosts! What?!
H4H had a great first build day. Thanks for all the members who came out. Kicking this semester off with a bang
and will be in the building tomorrow at Palm Gardens for the All White Fight Night...BE THERE!!!
If i was as perfect as , i would crucify myself
I don't really follow any famous celebs but your as real as it gets when it comes to being down to earth! You alright with me!
to what end?
RT : If you missed it, it's a gem – decades-old Calvin & Hobbes comic succinctly explains
Thanks for the love!
I too don't think of home improvement projects as never ending. More never starting.
DAMN STR8...it is of the chain & it is in the strip district in Pitt.GOTTA have 1-they opened 1 in FtLaud-thank GOD! :))
New Now text awards on Thursday!!:) No school friday ABDC premiere on Saturday!:) looks like its going to be a great week
Brain Floss: Several studies have found that black or green tea has antibacterial powers that help prevent cavities and gum disease.
": Brownie batter > brownies". Just like choco chip cookie dough > choco chip cookies
wait til I get finish eatin k
That last RT was phenomenal.....classic!.
I f#@?in hate my life so much. The one thing i want 2 do w my life which is medicine i cant do bc of my stupid OCD.
I just wonder whats goin on after u leave someplace like if your missin anything
Hm...I shall take the silence as a "NO, Lisa, you DON'T get to meet me." **walks away rejected** :C
Bought a new phone charger
Can't wait till midnight. Asking Alexandria's new short film and song.
Enjoyed spending some time with my guys and
Going back to last Friday it has been raining everyday either going to or coming home from work...I can't deal anymore
Set four alarms tomorrow for morning. Just to be safe.
Bitch fit time
Hope you all have a Happy New Year!
get any votes?
my pleasure! enjoy 'em!
That's a stunning shot. Thanks for sharing (I'm nomadic, currently in Vegas btw)
ahh thank you!!!! Glad you like it! <3
I haven't! what are your thoughts on it? RT : Ever heard of ? If so, thoughts?
Me too! It was like they just wanted to be able to laugh while grading the essays this summer.
Nothing like drinking half a bottle of wine straight from the bottle.
It's great! MT : Have I mentioned how much I love the online #Autism/ #Aspergers community? B/c I do. Thank you for existing.
My mother always whispers words like "birth control" and "tampons"
Lol @ last night. Like what an experience.
what would u give me to take you
Hi! I'm Alexis! I write songs for my band [slow motion crucifix] and throw poems in every once in. A while ! My summary of me -Alexis-
Be Persistent!
Whats your favorite line from any movie?
Just got the call, I'll be guest judging the Hot Body/Bikini contest this Friday 5-8. Come check it out!
if you're thinking about renting Like Crazy from #redbox..... DON'T.
u gotta ask her that!!
Smh why my managers still ask me if I'll stay later..they should know by now the answer is NO
Last day in #Spain. Leaving beautiful Baiona for Viano do Castelo in
In Honduras and loving it! Here till tomorrow!
#12 Apple Barrel - New Orleans, LA
Kevin, sorry missed your call but when will be best to reach you again?
City doesn't allow us to sale at Parks. So sorry.
My Boy Need More Followers Help him out
:-) You can hear the same - that's what matters!!!
give me a second to get this tweet straight #1DMix933 please
Right now we're working on a concert 2 benefit Haiti on Feb 11. Pls stay tuned as we determine where volunteer help is needed
Back in Austin after a week in Pittsburgh. My company was doing what is basically a week-long Game Jam. Tremendously great time.
A friend just asked "Do you think its ok to have a friends with benefits relationship or is this dangerous territory?" haha
#MostAnnoyingThing when teachers dont even like freshmen and talk about you right in front of you
Ben's tweets make my life.
My life. My choices. My mistakes. My lessons. Doesn't have shit to do with you.
#RavensNation will miss your talent and leadership. Congrats to you and your fam. Baltimore has much love and respect for you.
yeah just to the poconos but still idc im so happyy! I might have plans but u can never come:(
Sending back my try-ons... :( WANT THEM ALL!!!
3-10 28yds That sure sounds like a Pro Bowl QB to me
AT&T location based text messages / coupons. Cool or creepy?????
im not sure.
you're so welcome!
why not midland?!
My gosh why do people always think about themselves? So inconsiderate.
u just made me feel special
Phones ringing like crazy with order this afternoon. People cannot believe our selection of food to deliver.
Thanks for the shout out Kalamazoo! :D
WOOOOHOO! :D wheres the hot guy?
Jammin! Do you have any books out or a blog?
Thanks for RTing! What's your one-year SFversary date?
RT : You're invited! Hive provides a workshop on how to write a LinkedIn profile to get results - May 19. Register here:...
you going to wear a sombrero this year?
Voice is gone- I sound like the godfather, only female. I don't actually feel that bad, though- thank goodness for that
What about them both? :D I have time and nothing to do! Here we go! It's gonna be the best Sunday so far. LOL
So, McCarver's a clown, BUT couldn't idea that climate change added to the late 90's offensive boom have SOME merit? Balls travel [cont'd]
I HOPE that this isn't the last Nolan Batman movie. Seems too good (and too profitable) to drop just because.
so pumped for this #hotincleveland mixtape finally someone recognized the love the city was built on July fourth can't wait!
went to the mall 2 day and got some new shoes
Love You Cat
Congratulations on graduation.
Choose an employer who is supportive of your continued education so folks need to get smart about employer choices.
What extraordinary words - I'm so accustomed to thinking of her in terms of her paintings that they're startling!
Oh shnap! Yep see you there.
hm....going to bed, really?
o. Um the stranger lol? But how are you love?
RT : Hearing about Wonk campaign at #PRSAche & how they sought & found a simple, authentic, relevant & distinctive brand
Come on Bruins! What the hell?!?
Anytime. If you need help with anything else just let me know.
im sorry, how come you didnt come to school?
I always tell myself "Don't fall for him. Don't fall for him. It's just a trap," but yet I always fall for him.
Happy homebrew day! Heading to soon for some grain and yeast
Shout me out? [:
yes, earlier . Wby ?
RT : Thanks to your entire team for making this such a success!
Sure, why not!
Hugo the movie, more like Snoozo
Good morning ! Wishing a beauitful day! We hope to see you over the holiday weekend!
Love it! RT : 70.9 here at my house in se portland!
Ha! RT : Fritz Pastry, I applaud audacity on sugary confections.. Bacon bits on top of a chocolate donut is just plain naughty.
exactly, and continues to remind us not to take our luxuries for granted!
Agreed. Economy of language. When writing and speaking, like in math, the key is to simplify.
What's Arenado's ETA? Still like him better than Bogaerts?
Thanks for sharing this project! I truly appreciate it!
"Frankly, methane emissions frm dinosaur burp is probably not d #1 thing we should b concerned about n mdrn society" A. Weaver. U o Victoria
I.hate.this.movie.
Appalled at the Westboro Vampyres response to the earthquake and resultant tsunami. Should have named that church Asses R Us.
#np How Bad Do You Want It
So diddy changed his name to "Swag" ... smfh..
Nice visualization of top auths in many subdomns in ms acad search #cni11f pity re network latency here, too many folks checking it out?
#ShbeeepT.. Perfect not Prefect!!
Listening to a really amazing cd by Gary Malkin called The Heart of Healing. What a gem. It truly feels like the guidance to
Yall remember when the clipoers came back and won game 1. Well if the lakers come back and win this game 1 then it gon hurt a lot of ppl.
I tried so hard being perfect but I'm not, I'm like every other guy
ok. DM me your email and I'll send you something in the next couple of days.
alright, alright, alright!!!
Listening to journalist talk about covering charter schools
I've been using several of the products including Power Grip, Court Grip, Max Muscle Rehab & sunscreen. Highly recommend!!
its feb 13th,
I feel you. I had a relationship with Jack and now in ME3 I'm torn. Liara. Jack. Liara. Jack.
now that's da business lol
I think it looks AWESOME!
Time is going by hella fast.....
For links to VIVO entities at other sites, you can use their URIs, configure your VIVO to redirect queries for them there.
Yes, I was sorry to see that was one of the ones they paywalled. I'll be re-publishing it with a CC-BY license in 29 days.
MT : Sure! Iraq, Afghanistan, 2 unfunded tax cuts, and financial collapse. Thx! RT : Bush did far more for us than Obama.
Ugh sometimes i think my hair has a mind of its own -___-
let me know my good man. We'll def chill
y'all should grab Whitney up while she is in L.A
That's what I read. My first reaction was "Oh, Lord, I hope he's doing the Virginia Mayo role, not Danny Kaye's."
thanks for the discount! I owe you $1!
COMING SOON! Stand-by for some major #MastersPOV announcements! =)
Like many, I fell in love with Flipboard on the iPad. So far, Flipboard on my #Android phone has been excellent as well.
No longer livin' the single life.
In cp at my god sister house I need to be doing my hair well need to come do my hair Lolz
Preservation Board and staff will be spending the day at Touring the battlefield before our quarterly board meeting.
Oh, no: home sick today. A chance to pray and feel some peace.
Call, Write, or e-mail your #MNlegs today to support a #stadium bill this session. Keep the #Vikings in #MN tell your
"Be sober, be vigilante; because your adversary the Devil walks about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour." Peter 5:8
COI Kelly: Interpreting with audiences is engaging visitors throughout the entire interpretive process- planning, presenting +eval
...the manga people were on point position in the publishers' support of SOPA.
Face and Loso w/ that bet on my timeline. It's going down
little late on this, but for next time -- the smoked salmon sandwich at Bread & Cie
this is GENIUS... #Kobey and #loose, tho...
a moving company has been chosen! hopefully in the next few days we will have a better idea of moving dates
"You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point you thought was the end."
Want me to come over and we can play tag ??
and I just booked our flights for #SAA11! , here we come!
Can the Lakers get a road win against any team that doesn't have Methuselah starting at point guard?
My #Brewers fever is running so hot that I'm watching Sunday Night Baseball and vociferously rooting for the #Cubs to beat the
Be sure to watch the #latingrammys tonight live from the !!! There will be many great performances.
Its so ironic to me that Nicki Minaj would have a song called "Stupid Hoe"
what a horrible place to die. at least it's not the horrible one renamed Curtis (in Camden). That one was the full on N word.
E The poemcee dope as shit
haha thanks! i wrote it myself!!
hope you guys are alright. van flips suck, but can you see the irony here? for real. be safe. all the best -Evan
next time bro!
Twilight Photos
Inventing future energy! Arun Majumdar: "Our job at ARPA-E is to create options"
The thought of being replaced is
Just messed around with a GPA Calculator and it appears like even in my worse case scenario, my GPA will only drop .12
I tried the Amtrak code for #sla2011 and its not working, any ideas? Is it only for specific time?
#AdvancedMailingServices is a USPS certified Full Service IMB Mailer! Proud to be serving the Albuquerque area since 1992! 505-899-3104
Sally Draper will be on drugs for about 5 years and expert at manipulating her parents before they realize anything
Next week we're doing a rad promotion for St. Patty's Day. Two words: green sprinkles. Also, in-store leprechaun punching. It'll be awesome!
we miss you too teen :)
#ArabSpring "was and wasn't a #Twitter revolution." Satelite television played huge role. - David Kaplan,
there was a game?
What does an ostrich see when it sticks its head in the sand? Could it be FoxNews?
look like John witherspoon, did he start saying " bang, bang, bang, bang"?
Done, and done!
pretty awesome and pretty funny ;-)
i need to get away from this place too :(
guna get hit...i can feel it comming...
lol thanks honey!(:
Last night I had a dream that I met at a I guess he is a crafty guy.
Our conversation was that stimulating eh?
Spring preview: lobster stew w truffled pastry lid & veal filet w avocado, favas, truffle crema & vidalia onion strings
go time! long to do list today...goody
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. - Proverb
The thunder died down...
#ff shout out to the cast of THE FIX opening tonight at Break a leg!
I was called xenophobic because I said I would not send my Elementary School child to China. I wouldn't send that age child anywhere far.
I am excited to go to work today to brag about the Panthers outstanding victory! Teammates have given me a hard time for the past two weeks
OMG Jamie you were amazing and beautiful on JKL, had me cracking up lmao, you probably could pin him down haha!
I swear my sister is such a pain not even lifting a finger to help I swear I wish my cuzin deshia helps me AH if it can happen
Exactly RT : Qwikster? "We qwikstered 'Modern Family' last week." Nope. Not feeling it.
I love you!!
Of course that is before the Bush downturn and the burst of the housing bubble!! Check when happened under Bush in 08!!
If women are supposed to be more detail-oriented than men, then why do none of them notice the difference between standard def and HD.
I love my lil sister she da only family i trust
Alex Lieu 42 Entertainment great retelling of NIN Year Zero story, love his passion and fandom
it means that you should make a wish on it! Trust me-I'm part native american! 😉
Will Ferrell is on campus! :)
I'm on an avocado ranch with a bonfire, a grill, bourbon, a million budweisers, stars, and amazing people.... and you're not.
Thanks kim! :-)
Happy Birthday Dad! Sweet Lou is the best at saying a lot without saying anything!
So e.g - no to Shariah, Yes to hijab. Most importantly, it is IDEAS which bind society+supercede superfic. demog. differences.
En route to NYC. Me: *Drops pin on iPhone* : You love to drop your pin. Me: *Drops pin again*
serves such a gracious God !
waiting for breaking dawn to start......ik I'm late but..never got around to it.
I can't decipher this message.
OK, finally finished THE RIVER. Spill.
Ready! RT : are you just sitting around like it's a normal day? come on let's go! it's a practice day! we gotta crank it up!!
hey larry you a broncos fan? How you been
love it. congrats!
thanks for the RT, looking forward to 4:00 tomorrow ;)
Persistent clouds really holding MSP temps back today-if clouds don't break up by 3pm the high temp will be 57 - the odds of sun by 3pm 20%
Loving the ox!
RT It's true!!!! RT : "To Own a Hyundai Is to Love a Hyundai". that's what InvestorPlace.com reports.
Very cool!
Enjoying a delicious pumpkin spice latte with Angela on an amazingly warm fall afternoon.
And tomorrow is the year anniversary of my "broken heart". Akron is coming back to haunt me today
RT : Yelp review filter is BS and Yelp manipulates reviews to monetize it's site. Please follow us! love this
Eercise in disguise
In VA's eyes, all the wars since 1990 are categorized as the Gulf War and are lumped together
Is red variant same price as regular?
Any fans live in Utah or Atlanta?
#Hootsuite not listing all my mentions.
You have to draw the line, cause looking back's such a waste of time.
New major likes from the road: super-charged coffee, warm cookies at hotels, audiobooks, naps, mountains, Instagram, parking at venue.
Just a WE bit :) lol
Neon Indian is so sick!
what does it look like?
Has anyone seen MI:3? Looks like it might be ok.
coming to your choir concert? :)
I don't even know what 's question is yet but I'll answer anyway. My answer once again is: balls.
Is Yu Darvish's contract at 6 years $60 million to much?
wow, looks like a great school!
“: good, i will be waiting!” You Rock!
RT betascape: Betascape is approved by Baltimore City to move forward, let the planning begin! <- We will be there!
This sunshine has us dreaming of summer. What #sunglasses will you be rocking this upcoming season?
Co-youth Mayor Cecilia Thompson indicates that her position will not be "misused or abused." Ethics-from the mouth of babes! Outstanding!
www.hairgynesis.com iphones or ipads don't support flash media or mx websites but u can go to fb fan page hair by gynesis
Definitely getting some after work
PSA: I have never been to CPBG. Who wants to go on Wednesday? I think you promised me a beer there. supervising. Others?
New phone, BlackBerry Bold 9900. If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up.
Hi Christina, appreciate the follow...also very jealous of your job with a8s :), hope all is well on the east coast!
yeah, this is rad. Have been hearing about it for a few days, but I guess that's just my circles.
Yu Darvish looks pretty good in #Rangers red
Very cool!
no trouble, just did some research on one.
yes go to college!
Apparently nobody is capable of underestimating the typical FaceBook user (AOL of the new millenium?)
Woke up to #bulls winning 91-88 & finally got to see how they lost by 1. Now for some baseball scores
Oh my goodness. He's so arrogant. I do not like this. Not one bit! (Throws face back into book)
Dappa,bout to rock it at the "after dark" with Mr. Kee. Its packed on a damn tuesday. Nobody does bizz on a fuckin' tuesday. Kee got it pack
Welcome new follower !
I think she is just shy... 🏊
RT : My roommate to me this morning: "Ezra, normally when people talk about having a 'big stack' they mean money, not books."
Happy Friday!
When a man points a finger at someone else, he should remember that four of his fingers are pointing at himself.~ Louis Nizer
aww yeah even though I meant forget haha :)
S/o to for being Hailey....
#BlackParentQuotes Your room? Who pays the bills?
Life and death are in the power of the tongue. Say a kind word to someone today. May your day be prosperous and laughter find you.
I know. I just don't understand the point. Why do both? Why caucus at all - particularly if it is going to be done so poorly?
Roof top pool and hunger games. Newport tonight. Ideal Saturday.
I just know that today is going to be fabulous! Wish me luck New York!
Did axl come? “: G n R. enough said. wishing i was at the rock hall tonight #jealousinCLE”
Gameification vs. Empowerment. does it really have to be one or the other?
thx Anne, the journey with TAB this first year has been so exciting!
I need somebody to WAKE UP like NOW
30% of adults are "Achievers" - see characteristics in Post-Conventional workshop #CLOsym - what implications for learning?? your thoughts?
Frosted, I hope!
selena I love you with all my heart, and I want to follow me on twitter, please please please follow me on my twitter please♥♥♥
#ThingsThatAreSEXY Thick lips
idk i cant use instagram so ill just use twitpic for fun
I feel very much like the teenage Francie Nolan right now. This is good.
evrytime i watch my fair wedding i cry ,he has such a big heart..i wonder if he stays in touch with his brides..hope 2 meet him
haha nice valentines tip
Nice to see Jeremy Lin brought the Knicks defensive intensity with him to Team Shaq in the Rising Stars game.
...Also can't attack Barack on recovering economy or health care (too similar to MA's). So what are they going to talk about at debates?
Its BS i tell u.. They gots to b geting their mate on.
You should go for it! It's normal be be nervous, but it's totally worth it. Where are you thinking of going?
Hallmark Card: "I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here."
People never change.
nice glasses lol
Heh. RT : ugly, gross, and cold out...thanks for putting your only foot forward Milwaukee.
we would love to talk about gettin you in UNSCENE Cincinnati! Is there an email address or phone # that's best to reach you?
ghettowhizz with over 73 thousand fans on reverbnation yall need to come give my page a check
Why don't everyone just throw ah party at eboni's place while she is at work tryna make money to pay for the bills?
precise finished the drop what email address do you want me to send it to.
thanks for #RT :) Go Vegas!;)
yes, we are all very, very sad. Thanks for sharing the pic of your sister. Bet you loved her as much as we love our Mrs B. :(
Get your official Rocktagon MMA event shirt at www.RocktagonMMA.com
Staying away of politics. So much noise. History is like deeper waters, calmer, where you can examine and reflect.
Lol you put my name twice :p and I know. Its sad. I feel bad for them.
Kevin Smith or Marion Barber at flex
50% is not bad at all in this situation.
RT : Do read 's story on how Mitt Romney would actually govern from the latest issue of
nope. Not until about 3 or 3:30 a.m.
Aw i want some !!!!!!! <3 lolololol
And silver recognition for Academic Achievement and Chapter Operations!
Aw Whitney. So sad.
I just almost made an attempt to pass a police officer, that was a close one
Why does facebook have all those stupid games? When is the last time somebody sat down to play 1? Im sick and tired of the game requests.
NHL All-Star Fan Balloting continues throughout month of December. Go to Facebook.com/NHL and vote for the NHL's top defensemen.
is it Nando's??
Eighty-eight sounds a lot like idiot.
AH IM GONNA BE SO HAPPY DURING PROM (even though I lack a date) prom is what you make it!
there is also a Margret Garwood version that premiered at AVA a couple years ago
Bangin one out with
Doing Great! It was fun! Thanks for the kind thought!
Good morning friends! Come on out and get your weekly fresh produce & good eats @ 9480 S Eastern 8am-1pm
Watching Oswald ! :o
loves being treated like crap by my family of all people.. you know what I'm sayin'?!
It's a beautiful morning in #BkSq! Swing by & visit & sit outside in the sunshine.
Four action-packed days at work, followed by a train ride to CT for wedding-venue hunting! EEk!
hey guys, you should totally follow she got a new twitter, but her tweets are really funny
how old is she? I bet it's not that bad 😏
Turned on and saw the cross-eyed bandit. Quickly turned channel.
#OnSomeTRrealStuff leadership is a action
Thanks to for a very inspiring session
Geoff's new show, Inside the Nuclear Threat, premiers 3/ 2 (next Tuesday) on the Nat Geo Channel. Let us know what you think!
hahaha... that could be an issue while running and, more importantly, listening to music.
Speaking, please pray that God speaks through me! His Gospel will be heard loud and clear!
Many options for all levels of training through wildmed.com if looking for a course.
So psyched for the show in #Seattle on Saturday!
Life is relationships; the rest is just details
Don't you sleep?
GA$$ Really?? @ what point do we go retro & buy 10 Speed Bikes?
LMAO Slap Boxing Gone Wrong!
I think my mom texted you my address. did she?
d'aw thanks :3 check out that other thingy i just made!
Annie and I have a near-daily Gchat support group. We put the PARTY in pity party.
I will never look at Shia Labeouf in the same way ever again.
You will lose a lot of money chasing women but you will never lose women chasing
We pick up a 2-1 College Football Saturday with winners on Tulsa (-12) and UL-Lafayette (+9). Hawaii (+6) goes down to the final play.
I will be at #MARAC starting tmorrow & I'll be spending several hrs each day on the registration desk; pls stop by!
how are you "dressed up"? yeah, noo..
it's in the process! patience!
Eva Kor is now our docent Wednesday 1-4 in addition to Saturday. Come and hear her incredible story of survival and forgiveness.
going well, its almost over :)
Red dead Redemption>>>work
oh fa sho an you do the same mami
I was trying to avoid giving you a compliment on your new picture. But it's just too cute.
$150 for a pharmacology book.... Yuck 😔
Finally, the Less Paper Law office will make use of a good all around Document Management system. One basic sytem is TimeMatters from Lexis
Have you signed up for my newsletter yet? If not, sign up today! It goes out tomorrow. Go to htt://www.dmgartstudio.com to sign up!
Palm Springs tomorrow with the family.
“: Is there anything better than going to Portugal to taste wine? How about getting paid to do it? Living large this week.”perks!
RT & Follow Beast Mode Click.....We Hungry....Time to Eat!!!
I used to watch that shit all day
#CWRC meetup sounds awesome . . . congrats and keep tweets comin'.
why trying to get me to go out tonight?
I resist any brokenness by being flexible and bending when storms approach
quite obvious if you ask me.
Win The Day... RT "Attack this day w/ enthusiasm unknown to mankind" Jack Harbaugh father of Coaches Jim & John
That tweet, made my life. seriously
The first shipment in the JMF Sock Club just went out- 6 whole days early! Also, it GORGEOUS. Zac has mad skills.
GM cuz happy mothers day 💋❤😘
The Lakers franchise better have some aces up their sleeves if they just traded Lamar Odom for the equivalent of a bag of chips.
Good morning #Indy . The rain isn't working for me, I need some #sunshine .
By mixing it up. Build a solid foundation and keep adding to it. Don't let it get stale.
Loved The Language Archive at the Roundabout
For those who are genetic predisposition you must cleanse the scalp area with cleanser that remove DHT from the scalp skin.
Kill yourself
Its so obvious that south beach tow is staged
Just ordered #EVOLVE12. Davis/Finlay, Fox/Callihan, Generico/Ricochet, Low Ki/Jigsaw. One hell of a show!
(BB) Blackboard readings are now available under the "Documents" tab on Blackboard. Sorry for the delay.
I'd get you some homie, but I only have 22 of them lol. I need the help.
it feels weird seeing his name pop up on my phone like idk, he was so two years ago Lmao i don't even get all excited anymore.
RT: Be sure to tune into ch 12 at 1p tomorrow to see me on tv for mid day az!
You know, told me about this event. I just realized that you were talking about the same one!
on twiter on the xbox awesome right
Can anyone tell me what the #brewers #magicnumber is
exactly! Gotta dream, right?!?! It just has 'peace' written all over it! :)
Ha wudup Sean you already know, I've been following for like 2yrs easy. I've watched "The Carter Documentary" 100 times.
Thanks for the RT ! Have a great day!
u should watch in grease, daaah
som, not one of the best travel experiences?
Touché!!!!! Ah hah hah hah!!! Thanks Anti-Joke Chicken. I LOVE You!
I hate you so much right now.
ok that's it i'm marrying ed sheeran.
The clothes make the man, important when dressing 2 impress. Especially for a job interview, date night or a 1st date.
I'm the bitch ? You're the one who made and "ugly" list, what grade are we in ? Pre-school ?
Some of the best lessons are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom of the future. -Dale Turner #Bellargo ... GM!
We specialize in residential and commercial locations in Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, and Monroe counties.
Watching some vs. Northwestern on BTN. Go Hoosiers!
Why though? If u werent going to love me for real why we're you win my mom I the first place?
Vulcanize the whoopee stick
I have the bestest friends ever!! Thanks all for an amazing birthday celebration Saturday evening! Much love
Thanks for all the followers :)
COME THROUGH CUHH RT : Off the clock
“: if I have my party for my Birthday , will you come ?” dont know ..
hi back ;)
I give printed editions of #newspapers only 5 more years of existence. Sorry seniors, watch #wgntv for stale news. #24/7newsbytwitter
Nice meeting you! Thanks for saying hi. That was me at Gum Tree. :)
I cant wait on greatness gotta make it happen by any means it mite not come tonite but this nite shift im on is a good azz start!!!
Tonight felt like a summer night and now I don't want to go to school.
... i had you guys at 19-17 thru the 1st 36 games. So far I'm correct.
Sad news - Timbers Forward Eddie Johnson transported to local hospital with fears of possible concussion.
Thanks Keegan for all you do! RT : If you guys aren't following or
The Detroit Sports Freaks wrap their pilot episode. Stay tuned for airtime & website address. Follow the Freaks on www.yournewsdetroit.com!
Yes it is! Hope to see you in Cali soon.
poor Brooke shields!!!
Received surprise 2nd copy (free) of Seth Godin's fabulous #Linchpin today! Brilliant marketing & super cool gesture!
I could really use a vacation right about now.
So me and Stegg decided that when he turns 18, we're self submitting our asses to
OK I don't get why #Community fans are going berserk over news story rumoring a final seas of 13 eps... that's "renewal," not "cancellation"
Yeah fuck reason. Recycle was a letdown not even real time but it hour it'd be better. Welp logic here I come!!!
love the first issue...congrats! I know I'm a bit late to the party. ;)
HEY LOVE! Good news here: My 1st Union gig - a speaking role on Boardwalk Empire for this Monday! 1 step closer.
You are what you eat? Yes but you really are who you believe in and without God I am n o t h i n g!
haha I have not. I tried hard with the gf during spring training but we couldn't get on there.
": "And remember, there's always money in the banana stand." - Jeffrey Tambor #NABShow"
I knew the company before I even clicked. Sad sign of its numbered days.
what's the name if it?
Wise people speak a language, based on principles, that supersede the imposition of the artificial structures & divisiveness!
Smooth talkers are sketchy to me
Lmaoooooo anybody remember when Royce Da 5'9 used to rock rhinestones on his bandannas
have no choice I be back in the summer
10:15 at night and im doing a research paper I should stop procrastinating
Omg and I got an A on the IT project! Pretty proud of ourselves!
We are! RT : Who's pumped for the #YPNChat!
i cant study anymore at this dorm
Have a great day everyone! If you've had a week like I've had, you're probably screaming "IT'S FRIDAY BABY!" LOL
Catching up on @ home paper/computer work, laundry. Packers/Bears game.at 3:00 (TV). Ultimate dilemna who to root for. Leaning towards Pack!
omg Austin\s looking god!
see, we already on the right path..
Trying to focus, but its not working. SAD
Thank God for letting me see Another Day ....And GoodMorning Twitter!
RT : City Manager says Waterside building still "has life in it"
RT #tdl When Uni-verse takes something from your grasp, It's not punishing u, but merely opening your hands to receive something better
i expect video documentation.
they probably sneezed on their drive up 95.....
A walk to remember is on. 👍
#illpunchuinthefaceif u say "justin is gay" I really will
Who needs a Mint copy of Chris The Glove Taylor & David Storrs #vinyl 45 featuring Ice T? #ForSale #Electro #Rap Hit me up!
bring my guitar to my house please
If you have an iPhone, but you don't have "Your Best Day Today" on it, you don't need an iPhone. Download "Your Best Day Today," today.
you're awesome. Thank you for taking the time to listen to us all day xP <3
but im not tho so
No, it's because people don't realize they can't program
#jaffacakes cake or biscuit?
Don't know if I got it or if everyone's an amatuer, don't know if my background gives me better hands in life than yours...
IT'S NEVER GOOD TO BE CONTENT... Especially when you know you can do better & feel you can do more
The last time the Knicks won a playoff game, gas was averaging about $1.70/gallon.
very cute idea
Liam, don't let her get away with that one. :)
I still get butterflies when I see you and smile at every text you send. 💙
It's nice to see the sun out today and have warm weather but I certianly hope everyone is ok after all those bad storms we had yesterday.
I hate time difference, other mahomies are still sleeping and I'm just like "yoohoooooo"
learn how to text back and there would not have been a problem! :)
The thing I don't like about Twitter is when you scroll through your profile, all you see is your own head over and over again. #Creepy!
Oh nice! just made apple #pancakes!
“: Gettin ready for the Crushing Cancer benefit over in Windsor today! Gonna be a great time!”--> one of the real good guys!
hey! Watch it. Lol, some of us "old men" can be a very nice "Date Night" ;-)
Yup! First B&&C of 2012!
I really hope can forgive me for what happened like an hour ago.
Printed tees, #embroidered polos, #uniforms, #promotional products and more. Shirt Guy Direct right in the heart of Pembroke Pines,
Moby. Dick dick dick dick dick - John Henry Bonham. Then the war horse kicks that ass!!!!!!!
Congrats! The Raffle Winner is Ek, Lauren!
“: ; lol we in the same boat then” Very much so!!
Happy New Year!!!! Here's to a whole year of great food and great music.
Great! I'll add you to the list to be considered for an upcoming issue. ^AW
Why we just started following our friends today is beyond us :)
miki and i were scratchin heads ..lol..btw , no more glad than me kid ...glad u got some sleep as well xo
We'll have a maintenance on Jan 2 or Jan 5 2012, Will post the details soon.
Whoa....true tho...service has slacked....who is your Fave?
This is a really creative and generative talk on psychedelic music and hippie sexuality from
All my dogs do is sleep. What a life.
Finally, it's Friday!
Tragedy today puts coaching/working in baseball in perspective and increases my gratitude for that opportunity..
Be sure to watch the avenge the brutal hit on Marion Hossa by Raffi Torres and get your gear
Thanks and I plan on it. Need another 20 to come off
My Body is in New York but my mind is in Dominican Republic.
A MILLION SUNS is a good #readathon choice. Considering the sequel for tomorrow myself.
Which session was it? (Hoping it was ours -- thought Kate T. had some great ideas for further research!)
Apparently Julia Child and I shared an affinity for Kliban Cats. Hee. "Love to eat them mousies..."
So, so true! RT : It is 1:11 am. Tomato plants smell good.
Teach me to listen, my caring God, to those far from me-the whisper of the hopeless, the plea of the forgotten, the cry of the anguished.
correction... They sucked last night! Ugh
If you had to pick one trait or characteristic that all great musicians like you have, what would that be?
You went with "crap" on the site? Why, censorship?!
Apparently I know how to brew IPAs.
All Day!
at least it's all at my house?
heh, you may need to hire extra security! you know, for those rowdy librarian students...
The devil's own... A new piece coming from rebellious mind for the wary at heart.
Just Woke Up From Ah Deep Sleep!
Ha. Not so fast.
There are different grades of deciding. He's on his own level of the field, which is pretty cool.
you childish, don't tweet back.
Getting ready to cook Japanese food with French flair
Double Damn It!
Am to hungery
I've made it to my first job....finna give thanks to my Heavenly Father for a great start for today...
Nick finished at 10:44p, pace at 7:25. Luai now heading to Greenfield Park. Team Healthcare Heroes
HEY, you got an iPhone? THE PEN was sort of about writing bringing about the end of the world...
Working on some new close up magic effects, after writing acoustic songs, man my fingers are killing me ha lol, but love it!!!
true statement. i almost did. i literally couldn't breathe i was laughing so hard
Checking out husband on social media panel......he has gray hair but doesn't talk like that guy!
There are some really pretty ladies here tonight. Way to go Jess!
Bye bye NYC. Thank you for 15 glorious years. Xo
New artwork is up! This can only mean one thing......another huge art show by curator, Guy Lombardo. Check our event calender for details.
RT : RT : asked staff to work on the food trucks CM Samuels too! Cc:
nun much daily life & drama
PickUpLine: Fuck me, I'm beautiful
I don't understand hash tags
"Downtown NYC is not really like NY state. NY state is beautiful. And I'll tell you this: NY state grows more apples than any other state."
Lion King is awesome-the way they do the animals is incredible
was going to be a nice girlfriend and stay, but theyre taking FOREVER. its okay coaches, i didnt want to see my boyfriend or anything.
and Trenton is getting damned-well pissed about it!!
emergency iconathon fri 6:30 for occupy wallstreet e.g. $, citizen, oil barrell, 99%.... all symbols that can be created...@ the hub
Check out the FantasticFest Tour of Austin on Gowalla, it shows famous filming locations all over town!
Like I'd ever do what you tell me to do.
Nina Garcia and her son just arrived at the 10th annual bunny hop at fao Schwartz Shoshanna gruss and family as well
S/o to my old n new followers keep showing the love
Stop By I've got something I want to share with YOU: ))BP
Wisconsin Nazis. I hate Wisconsin Nazis.
Yea Patriots!
For the past several weeks, I've been working on in-depth reports about tornados w/ MN Public Radio. Look for the stories soon on
had such a great night with yet another night from those still to come.
wow that's a bit doughnut
Thx for the new follows:
My cat gets mad at me if I go on her side of the bed.
Love You Guys! :)
Did it bring a bottle of wine?
My cat does that!!
taking garden projects in today.
miss u too miss graduate!
where I'd te
I can do all things through christ:)
When do the Bucks hit the bottom? How quickly can March 1st come (to make more trades possible)?
#whorelena !!!! trend it.
Yup....right after we changed in the fedex office bathroom.
:) fins crossed!
yes lols. What about the smell of garages ?
Nice! I'm planning on going this winter break! Are you from the Cleveland area? I'm from N. Olmsted.
i want some kool aid and frozen pizza
RT : Of all things you wear, your expression is the most important. Anon
they probably won't be able to but PASOK may try to be more leftist & form a coalition with them, the Dem Left, & Communists
Brady Hightchew out for the rest the game. Ankle sprain
Yes, and if she had held out for 30 more days, would have been on my bday.
Yoga accompanied by Kings of Leon
Personally, I think God saw the way we evolved and peaced the fuck out.
Just got blood taken from my left arm, then it took them 3 times to get blood from my right arm!
RT : First annual #TriSpringConf12 kicks off tomorrow in Dallas!
gl adam
Large Up the artists that #SpeekTheTRUTH & are willing to throw stones at #BABYLONwall & talk about Govt. crimes/ #corruption /secret socity
Mom's surgery scheduled for Friday. Thanks so much for the good thoughts, all!
Amen. Amen. Amen
Of course! Good luck with the chat tmrw - I'll be on the road so probably can't join. But I'll try to follow along :)
I really want and to wish me and a happy birthday. <3
I love talk with the members at work.
dm your number too
Camera Fun Time: turn the camera back on yourself. Shoot portrait & landscape orientations. Look thru the camera to the other side & shoot.
Kristen Stewart Hits Up Jay Leno, Talks Snow White, Sticky Hands And Swag - The Inquisitr
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho I
who the hell was talking to you?! Go cry in a corner somewhere smh
And no, I don't mean hot in the sexy sense, unfortunately. :(
keep up your work with photo! :) yay
i feel like stabbing my computer or my phone or internet related services. bdjdbxhxjxbsjdbkxsjxj FAAaaakin HELL
Why do bad shit happen to nice people
Thank you too. Yes, united we stand. We are grateful to people who put their words into action.
If you're a guy and play lacrosse, I probably want you to sire my children.
It's fun work. But yes, I plan on some down time now. :) And thank you for InfoCamping!
Stop retweeting! my phone is going off every 5 seconds!
I seriously have no idea how to study. Like yes I read over the notes I took in class. Now what? Tomorrow the questions will be impossible
We cancelled waterboarding as a Featured Event this year but the human pyramid is still on!
Bring it :) MT : Our #Celtics face #76ers in Rd. 2--Wonder how it'd go if we took Boston vs Philly & played in hoops
Had no idea trying to hire a driver would be so hard. I think it's the trying to hire a driver while poor part that's hard.
Event Tomorrow Morning 9-10:30am! Support by Tweeting w/#AthletaNYC to sponsor a yoga class for our students!
I'm ignoring him today *Evil eyes*
“ My little brother is so fuckin gay” Lil Brother Like Bigg Brother Can't Blame Him = ]
Thx!! We hope to see you soon!
I dont think jesus christ is a healthy obssession
Successfully lead others through change - 5 ways to manage change bit.ly/ak6fIv
just read they're having major launch day issues
Here's hoping you have positive thoughts about stickK. Please let us know if you have any questions that we can answer!
Another great day to get an out door workout in if ur near #NOLA . Final Four , festivals and plenty of Magazine St exercise options. Go!
Just because he is gone over seas doesn't mean I am single....
Ooohhh great idea!
Are you and McCabe going to be at the Diamondbacks Fan-Fest on Saturday? I am heading down to see it.
so weird...I was looking for it too...I thought it was always in stores?!
Thanks for the RT
Officially cold. Went from 6 to 10 loads of laundry this week.
you are right sir!
Amazon # on Winning More Business in Financial Services has already moved from 5M to 100K overnight (release date 7-6). Thanks everyone!
Follow my other account and :) plzz an thanx
RT AP ALERT: (WASHINGTON) House passes $1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill. $$
In Raleigh :)
Spoke to my best bud,dang its been a good year+ but no matter how long we go with out speaking..we always pick up like we never stopped <3
Neighbor sitting on back stairs, smoking, looking straight into my window. But not podcasting.
my pleasure
Whoever loves me will retweet this :)
Lorenzo Neal
And more "4-20". Matthew 4:20 And they straightway left their nets, and followed him. ~ That's a real trip right there!!!
Does a bear poop in the woods? Bring it. RT : Are you ready for saturday?
I'm a long way from where I wanna be<\3
Hahaa I'm waiting on him boo!
are you smiling because you're wearing your seatbelt?
Jesus wants to do acid with you
Found myself on the subway in Paris listening to Empire State of Mind on my iPod. I guess that's how much I love New York!
On today's push by #KXL opponents, says: "Anyone who thought environmentalists were graying into irrelevance was wrong."
Think I turned him on. I wasn't doing it sexually or anything but people say I'm a good back scratcher :)P After that he seemed to noticed
You know you should be an ESPN analyst when you predict a 4-1 pacers series and you're right #leggoPacers RT?
Someone id LOvee to meet in person ! >>> idk why doee. but id be excited ! : )
eat shit and die...im bringing that phrase back
your going to scare them away and they will never come back lol
ridiculously awesome.
postmemory: why did her own childhood seem evacuated? Maus really influenced her
#wheniwas13 it was a privilege to have crappy dial-up internet service
I can't make any promises, but if they do that, we're both screwed. Plan on early next week; Tues or Wed.
hopefully the winner is the dude with the car burning in the parking lot! He's going to need it!
This weather in NJ is insane! Three days ago 75 degrees today less than 50. Glad I haven't turned off my heat!
Good times at the Wall Street Journal wine tasting in Atlanta's Botanical Gardens last night.
Phone battery at 26%-- it's starting to feel like a productive day!
It is like 120 degrees in Northeast Texas! I want more air conditioning! I want mine fueled by hemp oil, so get off your arse and make legal
what truth ?xD
everyone that came to 50pippin50 CAN come back !
check your dms!
let's be real, the goal was, is and will be...not to work w/ him. That's politics.
"Keith Kost Loves Balloon Porn" Porter
Good morning..
I love rugby, I love rugby people, and I love beer. That bar just got infinitely better.
We have a great night planned for ! Bring some friends and bring some questions! Don't miss!
i can't wait for this new shit it's literally one of the only upcoming rap releases i give a fuck about. a legend in any book.
I think working with him so often he rubs off on you.....
Thank you for all the love!!
- Welcome! Thanks for following! Sounds like a cool project! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Hey Pat what you think about the pacers 11-4 start? How do you think they will do in the playoffs?
*sighs* people smh
We didnt kill that Blue Bird today.... Lost a 4 game winning streak
People that have no idea what a puck is would show up just to be seen.
RT of you are doing #Oceanside70.3 this weekend!
That sounds painful.
Don't forget to visit! RT Beer & Cheese tasting @ the Red Door, Sunday at 4pm. Try 9 of the best beers available 15$ a head
Hey NYU students, tomorrow is the last day to participate in #Phase2 of housing. Make sure to form your groups!
haha no problem. It was a good one!
Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius?
when i cant sleep. i listen to hella music. 🎶💛
ha- thanks, Cody!
Strippers make more MONEY than most peoplee !!
How many times am I going to get burned before I learn my lesson?
The minute I heard my first love story I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was.
if i were president..... well that doesnt matter cuz there is no way in hell i wanna be president... EVER
hey, you're not alone with the boyfriend problems! He asked me to prom, spent $400 on my dress and left me...
do we know how many provisional ballots there are and where they're located?
The future is here. Just got a panel accepted with folks I only know digitally. Kudos to for pulling it together!
It was fun! I have a much better understanding of the QR code assignment now!
Ok ... Where's that storm? I need some wine tonight!
Obviously last day of parsons and it's gorgeous out. It wouldnt be right if they didnt ruin just one last day....
Be sure to stop in today for French Onion Soup or our special-a vegan black bean burger with fresh salsa, spinach, and chili-garlic dijon!
Caps fans..Game 6 Sunday, 3pm
Classes end at 10pm on May 17th and final exams end May 25th. Happy studying!
Tons The awards show, an open call, a meeting w/ a CD, hopefully a few w/ agents/manager, of course..UNIVERSAL,& c'ng friends!
Hope all my wonderful friends had an amazing weekend!
2 more followers
All U Kentucky fans should be proud! JORTS Harrellson is in early in the Knicks-Celtics game. MARV ON THE CALL! Couldn't be better!
haha thank you kind sir! I'm coming home next week son!
Reset it !
im not even mad by this :)
Even after not having played in the AFC West for several years, Jared Allen still felt the need to taunt Phillip Rivers in the ProBowl.
yay! I will run to store!
#Avengers movie goers: You heard Schubert's Rosamunde String Quartet in the Germany sequence.
baseball exam just terrible. Several questions about media areas, fans, etc. Need to know things for JV coaches?
ah... I miss the service industry sometimes. Not sure about masks and guys in heels, but the getting wasted part.
Good music
RT if you have to take a second look at Austin's name cause honestly what you see is M-a-h-o-r-n-e <3 Mahor-ney for mahone <3
Dude! I wish we lived in the same city so we could have beers tonight! and I were gushing about our fun with you!
There's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos.
What a wonderful drupal summit! Thanks Vancouver, and thanks to everyone who came and/or made it so!
A friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. -Len Wein
tell me not doe
Thx for sharing. Remember, The info on appointmentlink comes directly from salons&spas.
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 26
hot cheetos you burn SO good. ha. ha.
Staying in San Diego for 4 nights for just $150? I'm ok with this :)
Gotta make some business changes...SOON www.therealchrisfaith.com
About an hour and a half until we're back in A-town! What's up #PalmerFest !?!?
Great! We'll make sure you get one!
The tired + dirty apartment combo is not working well for me. Can't take it.
Is getting a full-body massage as enjoyable as GIVING one??
haha yeah it's insane.
Writing cover letters and submitting resumes. If you know of any advertising / communication / marketing internships in dc let me know!
thts not at all what i meant
Moved portal to new location
Jack Hanna's at SeaWorld today! But first, I'm taking him to KENS-TV to share some cool animals. Tune in at 8:15 if you're in San Antonio.
One more day hanging with my mom and flight back to LA.
maybe i'll look it up!
relax(: i bet he has feelings for youu ;)
ascension time is upon us. connect to your inner light. align soul into embodied self-awareness ~ in tune with mind and heart expanding love
Stop by the Charene Creative booth tomorrow on May 10th from 4-7pm at the Signature of Solon for the 3Chamber Business to Business Show. Th…
I'm making a list and I'm checking more than twice
Hi John, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
hook up some chocolate
#Caps #CapsSens this fucking sucks. Its not even fun to watch.
Saying you will endorse something = endorsing it MT Sr. BO adviser: BO "certainly will [endorse SSM] after the election."
hell yea!
Was lying in bed about to fall asleep 9 mins ago when my bed shook for about 10 secs. I guess we're not done with the quakes yet ...
thanks for the RT Jess =)
heading over to the mall soon to grab some dinner before work. there's nothing to eat in the house :/
wish I could but I'm headin to Florida for the week. Good luck man
Been Wrkin All Night... Time Ta Switch Up... I Need Beats And Features Holla @ Me
home and completely spent. can someone please make dinner and put my kids to bed while I stare at this spot on the wall?
If U Smile, The World WIll Always Smile ^_^
Throwing my birthday party tomorrow night got a table and bottles everyone come smoke1 wit a nigga
Ugh anxiety is a fucking bitch yo. I need to get these auditions over with.
United States Surgical Equipment Market Outlook to 2018- Electrosurgical Devices, Hand Instruments and Surgical Sutures
could see history tonight in Chicago. Blackhawks could play in their 5th straight overtime game.
Off my case, Laptop Face
Bouta get a fucking job at this eat n park lol.
Apple reportedly working on physical gaming controller for iOS devices
I love you man.
Try to snap a Union Rags photo if you can. Been in love with that horse since the Champagne last year. Thanks!
Thanks for your support. Make sure you give EggDrop a try.
Hypothetically, if a fan throws a plastic rat on the ice at the Prudential Center, who gets the delay of game penalty?
I've never had black cherry, but you should definitely try their new blood orange - it's delicious!
Shake Shack? I have no idea where the cool bars are tho (yet) :) text u round 6:00-6:30?
lol u gone learn today !!
Barnett you fucking suck! That locker room we will be fine as long as the packet nation stays behind us
choped this morning sighting as well
There is no greater reward in rescue than gaining the trust of a feral cat.
TOMORROW. :D
Buying a ticket to China!!!
Munich. and while there, go to Andechs monastery
Alice Rubin from starts our #MusEdTech panel tonight by discussing in-gallery tablet/smartphone usage: work with what you have!
yeah I can have conversations. Dm me, & I'll help?
Why is everyone going in on Boston right now? Lol
Saw them on Austin City Limits once. That lead singer chick is cool. Heard the new song on 88.9 and it's really good.
KT McCammond from Chicago just did this week
Get your pre-schooler ready to read with an interactive story time of books, music and movement today at Green Valley Lib at 10:30.
Yes!! RT The last few minutes of tweets are suggesting that I should catch up on #Scandal forthwith.
Picked up Anthony Morrow. Do you think he stays this good? Or, should I grab Afflalo or Josh Howard off the wire?
Call Me Maybe is obviously way better
Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough.
How was the lesson?! -tim
Got so much money my money count money.
Nothing like watching a #Wishes video to get psyched for my dream internship interview!
You mean like that people at Portillo's who HAVE gas because they're eating Portillo's? lol
when im doing proper gcse's im not even going to revise,bring on the giro
Aww why are you having a bad day? im sorry. i hate those days....just listen to one less lonely girl ;)
Gesundheititis: When the "bless you" is louder then the sneeze.
My experience: length of blog posts inversely proportional to days left in semester. YMMV. (Also: nice post. :)
you got it!! we have your back! =]
do you miss me yet in Oregon ?
not really. I'm going with Maggie. Why?
this shit is bad
This is just such a bad week...
Wow and wow, Will. Thanks for sharing!
my #MuseoSpark is the fact that museums connect us to people across time and place.
Tonight We rocking the Empire Room
Random fact: Today in 1950-- Chuck Cooper of Duquesne became the first black player ever selected in the NBA Draft. Boston in 2nd round.
Good morning, Yorkshire Gold #tea, my dear, dear friend.
Need to get away
all i'll ever be to you is just another mahomie
Why thank you you are far too kind yet never show your face around me anymore... whats up with that? lol
I send inappropriate texts to everyone.
lol the things you can experience at iupui are truly amazing haha
Congrats to Weequahic High & Crime Stoppers own Head Coach Brian Logan on their playoff win against Hoboken Friday night! Great job Indians!
R.I.P. La Dectric Robinson one of, ikes finest
Here we go!
1. Buy it & read it. Email us with your thoughts & questions:
Next up John Unsworth () Brandeis U on Mickey Mouse and T.S. Eliot
RT : aawww!! Y'all are so nice!! Thank you for coming!! :-)
All I have within me, I give You praise. All that I adore is in You. Lord I give you my heart, I give you my soul. I live for you alone!
I want you guys to know, that this is the original page! And her mom does help me (tori twist) run it! thanks!
you think
Car commercial audition today. Book a look.
I am not a fan of racial or stereotypical humor. I don't find if funny & makes me question whether the person is racist or very ignorant.
Wiz Khalifa-Ink My Whole Body !
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!!!!!
you got it babe :)
They all do
#Soul & #Funk #Party at 2NITE! All entry through Shadow Lounge (Baum Blvd). Doors open 9 PM.
Happy Monday! We've got a Senior Session this evening here in #indianapolis. Woohoo!
I've somehow found myself infatuated with a city that I've been yet to visit. Life is funny.
of course you did. Getting in touch with your ghetto fabulous side
"We dance in the devil's house"
Holy crap is the new First Aid Kit record amazing. Can't stop listening to the song Emmylou..
Loved that mentioned the Miracle on Ice team when describing the 80s on Idol last night
oh hell yeah ! Hahaha
Alot of ppl talkin deals but no money on the table truth is my shit not organize nor do i have a manager ima member of sbmg grindin to get 1
It don't suggest?
Should Auburn play the season out with Cam Newton or should they bench him now and try to win the BCS title on their own?
Hm? Where to perform next... D.C., Missoula, Reno, Tucson, San fran, chicago?
he's doing his best impression of roberto.
i wouldnt there!!!
“: BREAKING NEWS: AFRICA IS A COUNTRY!!! #Santorum #CNNDebate” I noticed that too.
what is your bad? Ha
Thanks for sharing. That is a BEAUTIFUL photo.
No spoiler here, but stunned with the DWTS results tonight.
Shot the TurboTax commercial today and the director was ... F'ing incredible. Bought a lottery ticket. #11/11/11
Liked the tease of baby face Miz on Raw. He really showed his range as a character and athlete in the ring.
