Holiday Specials! $70 for 1 hour reflexology or reiki session. Also, gift certificates available all season long. Happy healthy holidays :)
#futureprofessionals What questions do you have? What have you observed in adults that give you pause or that you wonder about?
Lobbyists don't understand there's a diff between arguing before the jury and handing out $100 bills to the jury.
No.... I got my ANKLE kicked dude. Haha. That's what I get for taking it easy on him.
just emailed the news & b. if none of them do anything then i'ma be the biggest B*TCH this world has yet to have seen. >:D
haha it's cool :) and that's good!
#Chopped British Invasion! Just when I thought it couldn't get any better.
Maybe if thye'd put pictures of Missing Children on the sidebar of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
Good for #Scrabble? MT See 's tweets for hilarious expansion of "NT" for journalism argument. cc:
“: Food+ Bal vs Pit = waiting on this flight back too Lex! Media trying to de-code your tweets now lol!!
playing piano at the Hilton Universal
you are the most beautiful thing to grace this earth PLZ MARRY ME
Broncos lost but our Nuggets beat the Mavs last night. So there's some joy in Denver. Next Sunday will tell it all when we play KC. Go Tebow
no one said explicit that I can't but I don't unless its on my computer screen. Too many people are afraid to ask for help.
Doing chemistry with jake Lichter is like an old man on his death bed remembering his life as the king of Sweden.
This works out because I may not have to stay up all night :)
Getting ready for a Easter brunch for homeless. Planning to serve 700 meals on Sunday
Later peeps gunna clean ma room *bummed* -_-
the hoop abhors a novacuum
Hahahahaha oh man
Facebook needs a "drama of the day" section in my news feed.
Good Morning Everyone :) (u can say it back if u would like) !
its pretty good(: and no i haven't made any new ones yet :/ but you should! Don't be afraid its fun!! ((:
"Disambiguate" - a word in heavy rotation @ WorldCat Discovery Day
i've never been to one before
What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul.
If you win, you are so taking me!
when u had the gun I was so scared u were gonna shoot Martin #touch good thing u didn't lol
Praying for Tebow as those against God need an excuse to pick on him!
we can't define craft by styles... how can you? the law it is style parameters at best. Now is this law the results...
250 million photos are uploaded everyday on Facebook
I can truly say this w/o remorse i used fuck minute men until i found him.that dick was satisfyingly great and was well overly pleased
Chi town bound.
Don't call me "Retardo"... !
#quotesOpportunities multiply as they are seized.
#CheerUpJustin I'm sure you will hit #Puberty soon....
It's going alright! How about yours?How Maryland?
girl it feels like forever since we have talked :(
takes one to know one?
that's north Academy, Pikes peak is the dividing line.
and a wife
is this a bad thing?
Glad the "Save" was used as viewers Definitely were not Listening! @ American Idol
We have just been endorses by University of Nebraska Medical Center
I love when anatomy proffesors say "thats not compatable with life" it's a nice way of saying death
y did u call me that my flight UA 473 was delayed as I sat in my seat? Haha, don't tell me I'm gonna have to de-board...
We can face any situation knowing we have the strength of the program to shore us up--Karen Casey
I think this vegetarian streak is at the end
Fab idea! RT : really should tweet once a day about news from the island...just a thought.
Anybody ever just talk to their food.. Like... "you know yo a** is mine, right?" lol
Slip my shoes off, hit the club in my tube socks/still so fly that I blew the fuckin roof off
lets just see whats up on twitter real quick
I'm really fucking itchy but I can't find the source of the itch, I hate my life.
Sunday 12-2 the dog shop in gtown. I am taking Percy, Perry and Paddy pups to their adoption event, come adopt them please!!!
Just announced our latest event ... slated for August 9th at the Fred Miller Pub at MillerCoors. Check your inboxes for the invite!
had a good run with the big bro -_- i feel lazy now lol but its crunch time losing weight for prom!
We have reached the end of regulation! Score tied! We are headed to OT!!
Tamale Thursday is back! We’re setting up at KPTV in Beaverton for lunch- Get ‘em while they’re hot!
Uh this nigga is mad!!!
Thank for everyone at French Market today. It was such a wonderful day.
maybe doug matevich knows
What is your favorite movie?:)
I'm at a funeral, maybe I should address that.
Superstars at 's #smmbooklaunch tonight: strong job
I just accidentally dumped my mac and cheese down the drain.
Good luck to the students at Pace University for their final showcase!
So that's why traffic is so screwed up. Had no clew VP Biden was down the road from my house? What the heck is he doing here!?
thanks for tweet and thanks for stopping by.
#HowCanYouExpect to learn something when you already know it all
Good poetry is formulaic. Send it to me and I'll tell you if it's good. Or just hide it away until the Martians find it.
So excited to see Kendra today! Moes and Titanic 3D date after work :)
what are you doing??
I swear the Deftones are like sex to my eardrums.
So excited, tomorrow is my 50th presentation on Organizing and Time Management. Tomorrow's event is in Humble, for those who are interested
Wow i got 99 followers and a Bitch aint one thanks tweeps
yeah idk I'm not that bold when I meet people idk I get nervous and awkward easily.
O that was fast! Glad you like it :) You're invited to graduation in May of course :)
I like it! RT Kick the tires and light the fires. It's go time!
what is that smell?
in da lab... celebrating life on a new track...letz get it!!!!
I've been tryin to get you on a track. Your manager kind of shot it down. Check me out. Let me know what's good.
Kathryn sang her first dragon to sleep today. I'm so proud of her. Main characters grow up so fast.
John M. Eades~ There are some days I practice positive thinking and other days Im not positive I am thinking.
good luck bro !
Cincinnati, The weather is just as bad here. or worse at times.
Hi Brian, was hoping to connect w/ you and Ben directly. Is there an e-mail that I can best reach you at? Thanks!
Staff quote of the day: "Holy Recycling, Batman!" -Kristy, our head baker
I think you may be right ....had forgotten she had an early pop career prior to that...
Hence the tweets all with the same hashtag...so many interesting phone calls.
Heart rate starting to pick up!
Not sure how I feel about this "lighters" song.....Right now I'm thinking it needs to go.
Gary Coleman voice #WhatYouTalkingBout Willis
oh my goodness Valentines Day is gonna be a game changer!
crying like a little baby watching this carl beane tribute on nesn. :(
Getting my hair didd 😄
love you!
OH YEAH OMG
Ok fix the lag please
i m high because i m cali hahah now thats funny!! lol i am high a little lol.
Thanks for the mention !
SINGLE. FUCK OFF.
thanks for following us. Hope you can make it on Saturday!
Good morning tweeps! Quick situps and pushups to start the day, who's with me?
Is it just me or does it take forever to download a movie from iTunes? I'm trying to watch #Moneyball in HD -$4.99 and an hour wait...
Nigger take a lOOk around
that's right, and oh right! haha (: happy belated birthday then. (:
In social studies long classes today.... And MAPS testing ewwww..
Big UGH ever. PHP errors boom!!, looked for a solution for an hour no luck. Walking away and came back, there was a typo in the variable.
Good luck!
that's called misophonia... Weirdo. LOL
what about a shout out to for the hottest car / import decals
I'm 12 minutes in, so I should probably stop! ;)
Tomorrow is Bulldog Spirit Friday! Wear your favorite ACC Club, Sports, or organization t-shirt with school bottoms and shoes
Hey Alums, we want to hear from you! What year and what campus did you graduate from?
hahahah nice hashtag..YES we do. ASAP. Lemme know when you boys are around..:)
Penguins set to announce Crosby's ovaries are almost healed.
MTU lessons learned: Team approach, project management, continuous improvement. Support by surveys and proper documentation
I don't get it either:( I just want to get the word out lol!
How is everyone
i just unfollowed about 200 people this is what happens to me for following every single person that follows me and then they end up...
Alex is Sexy! (:
Being African American aka black is so tight.
Someone should be sleep and I think it's me.
Morning world, morning panda eyes... DAMN i knew i forgot to do something last night lol spent the nite watchin living tv until 3 am lol
I don't usually approve of such language, but is right: #BlakesABitch ought to be trending.
Just watched bones on dvr Handcuffed man turned, walked away from camera. Handcuffs were just in his hands not on his wrists. Oops
happy new year:)
This Weeks Deal! 5000-4x6 Two-sided full color Fliers @ $185.00 + tax! Call me I will be answering phones all day!(*_*)
No one can sweep the pens.
ohyes. absolutely know what you're talking about. hoping to get up there when it gets a bit warmer...august is perfect for HB
How you feeling? How's the sore throat?
oh I would love to have a mini fridge just so I can brag about it!!(;
Do you ever have those moments where you want to snap at someone for being condescending even if he has a good message?
Hay, love<3
That movie confuses me :/
tlken to that special person;))
Flattered to be added to that list, sir! :D
GOOD NIGHT TI AMO TO ALL
#interfaceUF have had to find workarounds after TwapperKeeper - actually copy class tweets to Evernote within hours to capture them
College: Arkansas freshman Young returning to school BJ Young is returning to Arkansas for at least one more season.
Agreed! Good times :) RT : Book club at was fan-TAS-tic! Looking forward to next month's.
Really dont wanna go to school tomorrow, but i got a huge essay due, big drama club scene, &i'm supposed to borrow my friends shoes 4 wed.
I'm glad!
"Is there a police code zombie?"
thanks go the mention
Pittsburgh: Get the scoop on the latest back to school trends for hair & nails tomorrow at Macy's South Hills Village Jr. Dept. noon - 3pm
Brutalize me with music
Yep -- that path worked. Thanks!
i would tell this to erica but she's busy talking about you to david
I didn't succumb!!!! Yay me!
SO CALL ME MAYBE!!!
"Tell me is there a way Cause I don't have a clue Can I make you stay Can I hit undo."
me either
ur aunt Mary was havin a heart attack that you and Aj are moving to school on the same day
practically. Tequila with a wine chaser?
"Nothing good happens in a club at 4 AM." True, unless TONS OF FUN counts...
the waves are calling out my name And they laugh at me Reminding me of all the times I've tried before and failed
What are you doing to prep for Sunday's annular eclipse? We may be heading to West Texas for a long view....
LOL im like what is everyone talking about ... haha.
Watching Wrath of the Titans w and our son. Only thing missing is Aubrey
I just really want to meet Jonathan Toews.
:D!! That'd be a dream come #true for me.
My phones battery just went up a percent and it's not even on the charger
Drew Bree said they should get more money
It's possible that Colonel Tribune might be Bunny and Brandy's soul mate.
at the one and only Carver Hawkeye Arena with and the boys :)
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber Hunt down who ever made this trend and kill them slowly and painfully along with other haters :)
Lol, so that WAS you outside my window last night!!
wow, just wow. Heard the whole thing.
There truly are very few things in this world greater than Daniel Stern in Bushwacked.
great, now I want a giant cookie.
Yum should change the rims after this game
how can we get you more involved with local hs athletics
Ha, I did! Stopped at the Jewel
NYUBreakingNews thanks for following me on Twitter!
have you done any research on the school board races yet? I'm leaning one way, but feel a bit "under-informed".
ive been sick the whole past week, but im good
Russell Westbrook had 15 total tech fouls in first 3 seasons. He already has 9 this yr (5th most in NBA)
I know via , who I know from #PCAACA conference in Boston. The world is small!
Did you remember to spring forward one hour? Don't forget to set your clocks ahead by on hour today if you haven't yet.
Doin' a night shift at the ref desk. I feel oddly rusty being out here > 1 hour. I'm already sleepy!
Verdict for #Casey Anthony's trial will be read in 20 minutes! #SittingOnPins&Needles
I had a good time too. So full right now though.
I love all the #hangover tweets on Saturday and Sunday mornings... You know what they say...Hair of the dog that bit you?
We do too :) RT : I love Hawaii
I find I use DropBox for roaming app data more than anything else. So many config files!
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL COMES OVER TOMORROW ❤❤❤❤
that's what's up
Good Monday Morning! Time to rise and shine!
Just had a feeling . Dont worry though , i already found out the hard way .
US news says that no one was killed in the VA military plane crash into apt building: RT just said 3 people unaccounted for.
ha lol wow her belly button must be deep as HELL
#VFL RT : Jets sign Matt Simms. Finally, the team gets a quarterback.
"I think I have last my muchness"
Lawrie will play third tonight - and Miller is the 3B ump. Think there will be some interesting conversation between the two?
Nice to meet you too! Thank you!
Gospel is what I manly listen too
Snowed in
Worst game I've seen the nuggets play this season
was amazing tonight!!
RT Need an article idea? Take a 5 minute walk. Look around - you'll see article ideas are everywhere waiting to be noticed.
I write something for my blog and then don't post it. It is cathartic for me.
Every time I hear someone ask are you ready I die a little
Apologies to everyone who got spam email from me this morning. My email account was hacked. All fixed now, tho. First time for everything.
Tornado warning in Olathe/Overland Park . Tune into KCTV5 for live video of a wall cloud in Olathe from chopper 5.
| What is the best way to reach out to corporate director of marketing? Thanks!
Never woulda thought that two guys could get more hair everywhere than a girl with a small lions mane.
thanks for the follow! how u doing?
did one of them just fall? FAIL
“: I'll be recording a few covers of some of my favorite classic Rock songs..... Yall get ready!!!!” tryin 2 b part of that art
Is the "Parking in rear" sign still there?
Good day for a new rifle. Heading to bass pro
Dx got two words for you if you dont like it "Suck it"
Whoa, Portland! We learned a lot about each other last night, meeting at the intersection of weird & random. Thanks for the fun!
Consensual adult poly relationships are moral and healthy.
what if i give you ten dalla?
The LA Times is reporting that European investors are poised to buy a majority stake in Pocket Kings, the parent company of Full Tilt Poker.
My guess is yes.
Facebook is so fuckin weak man!!!
THAT FLEXED UP ! ON THE WAY.....JUST HAD TO SWITCH UP THE FEATURES
Gov. Shutdown would close National Parks... Can you really close a National Park?
Everyone! Go follow me and my friends shared One Direction account :D We follow back!
thanks for the RT, Colar! How are you?!
Eddie's Gone Till The The 16th :'[
Tonight a Bing Satellites track gets credit for helping me achieve a burst of serenity.
Heartbreak and History
good choice...I know ike had a rough practice, would like to see him pull it off
Really enjoyed The Avengers with The Incredible Hulk and frightened citizen who runs away from danger
I wish I could buy dog but my baby is scared of them :(but its soo cute she'll learn to love it.......maybe
yes, yes you did. An a pleasure to meet you lovely
I decided I do not like papaya. Adding that to my list of dislikes.
Live band playing right now at
Just enrolled our first of many Kenyans to come into OnlineRehabClinic.com. Father Thomas O' Hearn is helping the suffering in Nairobi.
I just want to know what it feels like to uppercut another human being xD
omg one direction. like so hoot
Did the heat win today?
using happy hour to your advantage... love it!
post and craigslist and you shall receive…a bunch of oddballs and flakes. (but always, eventually, a buyer)
Thanks so much for RT Timothy! Hope you're enjoying the sun :)
My dream is for Epic Meal Time to make my school lunch
"Until you value yourself, you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it." ~ M. Scott Peck
Thanks 4 the fabulous review! Love what you said about Darcy!
ok...I figured out what you were talking about tie-wise.
#20thingsaboutme 17. All my favorite movies are Christian movies: Courageous, To Save A Life, Breaking The Press, Grace Card, & Oct Baby
It's Tribe day, Tribe day, gotta get down on Tribe day! ...Happy opening day 2012!
Whats Going On Bruh, How We Doing Today?
Pretty good list. I'd sub Wade for West. And add Chalmers and Rush, but that is just the Mizzou fan in me.
because I'm next to my love, Phillip. :) and you just left.
we should follow.....
Midnight showing last night of Avengers = so worth the extra tea now to keep awake for work.
It looks really good, doesn't it? One of my high scool classmates now owns it.
*nodnod* Yeah, and that's why I don't buy ebooks. It's simply not a superior experience from a usage/utility POV.
Where can I get more information about the Best In Class Social Media Program?
I having a really good hair day today. They don't happen very often, so it's nice when it does
Awww. I'm in one of those moods again:(
"...which, frankly, is a little like opening up Guns & Ammo and finding a profile of Noam Chomsky..." This is why I read
THE MEMORIES! 2 years ago we were neck-deep in Power Grid metric uploads. Happy anniversary, !
he probably just wanted to chill!! Like what's up!!
Are you missing a Mac video dongle? If so, swing by the #CILDC office tomorrow on Terrace level outside Columbia.
SO to my High Jumper Tyler Watts for finishing 3rd today @ Sunset Regionals and qualifying for State
I do love me some Kelly Clarkson . . And pussy.
New Age Ave
stop. Dont be mean.
hey Justin I don't mean to annoy you but will you please say happy birthday to my best friend . She's a (cont)
I think I have several hundred samples on my Kindle.
finna upload some pic of me and my lil sister so look -Tamya:P
School tomorrow can't wait to c him :3
I was surprise no discount double check :(
Give me the freedom to work myself out of job, but then still have one.
Just so you know, she's not telling the truth. Very intricate process to become Swiss.
I just love you!
Because they want to be in the hospital..
#Str8LykeDes.. I wanna get tatted this weekend real spit, just can't Neva find s decent artist to do em...
It’s all fun and games til you realize your Capri Sun doesn’t have a straw. That’s when the ISH hits the fan!
Playbook will sell at almost exactly the same price as the iPad 2 and in twice as many North American reatil locations.
Ha ha, yeah man. Dude's panties were in a bunch. Paranoid? We've driven to Cleveland before to see FM. Great entertainers!
The Madison Tecmo trophy is won by Wisconsin resident for 7th time in 8 years. Mort (NY) only out-of-stater (at time of tourney) to win it.
I will continue to use your services in all of my dvd and cd printing needs. Thanks again for your speediness and helpfulness! -Tyzen
living young and wild and free :D
Thanks for the follow!
How was everybodies Day?
I always pictured "She Cries" in a Great Gatsby setting, if that helps matters at all.
Two more days of school left and my summer will finally be here!
Want to make cibreo, anybody in Milwaukee or Chicago know where to source cocks combs?
Why do they even ask him to perform?
I just heard my niece for the first time!
#Three Words: Take Care Always
Exactly! ...I felt I should add something else, but am drawing a blank...
You wanna be my new dick pleaser? Follow me.
Thanks, Petteri! Happy Holidays!
ANAE health insurance program exclusive to Indian Country -
Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything...
Goodness . I cant wait until #BELIEVE is finished & released (:
Dear GOP don't try to insult the faith based community with your "racist intolerant theology" Christ died for all !
This is going to be a spelling bee.
Bra shopping with my step dad is so fucking awkward. Omg.
He really just pissed me off today... I just hope my prom night anit miserable because of him
Lol what you mean "no"?
be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?(:
based in Nashville! You guys working on something exciting here in TN or just passing thru our fine city?! :)
Congrats! Take NY by storm :)
Congrats, the baby is darling. Hope you're all adjusting well. Best wishes, Stephanie
Ms hanging tough. 3-3, no outs, runners on corners.
It hasn't started yet but he's so loud and chatty
Werner Herzog's favorite movie? The Notebook.
Thank you Jesus for another opportunity.....
I can't picture this lol I'd see you more like the chick jamming a guitar standing on top of the unicorn
Well I have to do homework like a normal teen girl. :/
MAJOR WIN!
BREAKING NEWS: In honor of REM will open up today's congressional session with an acapella of Losing My Religion
Something with the word "deals" should be in #mynickname because I love the Parlor.fm app!
Dancing around to Third Eye Blind.
Do you guys want another sneak peak of the new WebCamWindow?
I actually prefer Paul Anka's Wonderwall. It works.
what is the emergency?
Thanks!! Glad you liked it.
Awesome, thanks
You Know I Got U Boo I text you the info
If a person looks weird chewing gum, That's how they are gonna look forever, hurry up and dump them!! #uselessadviceIwould'ntuse
for real
Make #website content accessible during a
sounds like fun, enjoy!
i read between the lines of the eyes of ya brows ya handshake aint matchin ya smile ill holla...fake niggas
TSOI-LA is checking out Kisses at the Make Music Fest in Pasadena. Shit tons of fans.
just pick what looks good & take a chance. I go w/ my gut every year & haven't be let down yet.
The word "crestfallen" makes me laugh. Random, but true.
what up lib u still makin that crack music?
#imagine waking up to a text from Austin. "Morning baby, I just wanted to tell you again how beautiful you are, and how much I love you"
Wow! RT : the performing geniuses: #FF and more
to help states and municipalities. Arguably more deserving of tax breaks than oil companies.
It will be well worth it. Good luck to you!
- Sunflower of course.
for my deep frying party I will be having in June, I will be ordering a case of Manzanitas
Wow. That was a nice catch by Giancarlo Stanton. I think I heard the wall scream in pain.
thanks! I won last year... Not trying this year :-)
I just wanted to see if you thought I was gone really tell you some lol
“The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time”
thanks for the RT on the Corporate Philantrophy session!
wanna walk outside with me?
Please don't be mistaken...we're still going to need that coffee order.
what about best cameo ever
Can't wait!
Thad Wilson will be performing at tomorrow's jazz night! 6-9, $5 Cover. 400 I Street, SW.
Bootywhole is sucha wild word take the time to txt or type it out and see how crazy its feels Lmfao
Imma go soft tomorrow!
happy weekend back!!
Wait? Are you signed?!:)
think i give a fuck ? that's where you wrong hoe .
Blue devil college cup ralky today! Wearing the wrong colors but oh well!!!
There's so much awesome crud going on tonight, join us!
Gary- the frogs and some other samples will ship today Kevin
Just discovered was cancelled, too. It's time to give up on original TV programming. Unless it's a reality show, you're SOL.
Ron Little is back up again in front of the board updating the board on the district's Title One spending.
I knew we could count on the market manipulators. They pulled the market back up after going negative. Now, it will close sharply higher.
Just ran into Obama again...
Happy Memorial Day, a time set aside for America to remember its men and women who died to give us all our freedoms and liberties.
CHANGE - #OKCTrivia Night is now TONIGHT at Whiskey Chicks. Come watch #Thunder vs. #Hornets and show off your brain power after!
And I just stepped on a toy... in the dark.
Watching Glee this show is pretty good, I never watched it before lol.
like last season RT : they won't pull a bottom 2 it'll be randomized
Good morning!:)
Is it coffee + espresso + water, or just espresso + water?
I heard you say the word TILT a number of times during the show. Was that an ode to ?
I sure wish I could!!! You guys are beyond AMAZING!!! Much <3 from Tiffy <3
Really, ? A service fee of $6 AND $4 for 'order processing?' What in the hell service are they doing if it's not 'order processing?'
We had a conversation that prompted me to find my Burma-Shave book, but we can't recall anything about the conversation.
well lookie what we have here.... :)
hey I'm here too - we should meet!
Why is he dunking? Seriously. ": Looks like Delonte West hurt his hand on that dunk."
Huh? Does the post D not get better at the next level?
I ddn say I was beat u
On our way to S.A!
Students are finishing papers. #Ebscodatabases give wrong format for MLA citations. Aaargh.
they will have an energy star logo on front near controls. ;) give nacho a cuddle for me!
Toxic Gas in Dogs' Vomit a Threat to Vets: CDC - U.S. News &amp; World Report
Southwest Airlines and its subsidiary AirTran will operate flights to Mexico beginning May 24.
RT : Focus on the positives...what you pay attention to is what grows....
Yeahh um could she drop u off? Because Idk. My mom went to dinner with a friend so..
Sporting my jeans today in support of 's 1/2 marathon for Congrats to my dad - 6 months lymphoma-free!
thank you for following me.
Oh my god i hate spiders
yeuuuh!❤ (; gahhh, he makes my heart stop when he says my name in Purple Sky!!!❤❤
You at tomorrow? I might need human contact. There's a closet I can secretly work in, right?
A guy who will snuggle with me all day when I don't feel good..
You can't pray away gay! They are born GAY let them be who they are and encourage them to be the best of who they are! LOVEEM
I was asking about price cuz i don't exactly have the money to be buying beats right now. I mostly use instrumentals.
This okc la series could get very interesting. Highly anticipating game 1
AMAZING! RT : Special #2 - BAR COASTAL - frisee tossed in bacon vinegarette, dill aioli, fried bologna,...
keep me informed!
I like him too I hate Federer
Lash Enhancement: A thin tattoo of color placed on the lash line. Fills in the skin color between lashes. Instantly increases volume.
RT : Someone take my test for me. This is an emergency
. Mike McKinnon: No bigger issue than education. Parents need to get involved in the conversation. (WE AGREE!)
I can't believe it is that time again! We are recruiting for our 2012 season! If you think you have what it takes email !
have u not seen them post fish era with their next star sessions..? n kobe was on a record breakn streak before he was out!
I got a rew endorsement deals we can work out lol
Why so much chatter about Beyonce and J's wonderful new child coming than the economy,Poverty,Black Unemployment and Kids heading to school
if bottle caps didn't exist, my lap-top would have been fried about eight diet-coke-gallon-bottle-knock-overs ago. #DWEEBS!!
#remeberthat everything happends for a reason.
Cars have turn signals for a reason. Use them!
Insert required tweet about the earthquake here. Yes we felt it in MD. Yes the school was shaking. Yada yada yada...
"When I'm through with you, I'll make you wish you could die."
They walkin around w/ bottles n 💩 haha
i will never say my name to people cause i do not well it is just ohh forget it i just well i am cant say age to not a rule
Are you going to prom? with who?
Yesterday had last ever meeting with thesis committee-- next step is graduation on May 21
What are pinestate biscuits?
Accomplishments today: writing several letters & finally taking down holiday decor.
Scatter sunshine. Live today without unhealthy thoughts and day by day it becomes habitual and you're moving towards a healthier lifestyle.
Last day of work tomorrow then its 12 days of paradise :)
#aeconf Thank you! I was totally inspired by DJ Spooky last night - still thinking about it - great job!
ball so hard or apparently fall so hard? :)
Boyfriend got a 69 #chevelle today. Can't wait to ride in it! :)
I feel u I hate dat shyt. I wish that it last longer its like it makes u sleepy ion know but I love dat shyt dough
I need about FIVE of those!!!
Haha kims happy she got the first parking spot today :)
i just discovered if you say come here dumbass my dog comes running
copy that!! Then I guess bodacious is out? Ha
I ment to say I saw it
UGGGHHH I know it sucks I hate Park a lot.
wait that show is still on??
American Civil War Center at Tredegar = a great place to start - overview from 3 perspectives - Union, Conf & Af American.
He's hitting out of the park.
Flatbread Feature: Beef Short Rib w/ red onion, crimini, jalapeño & provel Soups: Korean Pork Hot & Sour or Watermelon Gazpacho
Will do.
ok, THIS is hilarious!!!! Laughing.
Thanks. We try to rock. We're just not so good at mail order retail!
I highly recommend the camera+ app. Not only is it good, but every app update is written with humor. Recent update has "remorse + regret"
No, but it looks fantastic! We'll have to try it. Thanks!
I'LL BUST ALL OF THE GRAPES IN WELCHES BACKYARD IM ABOUT THAT LIFE AND I DONT PUMP BREAKS MEN DO WHEN THEY SEE ME
with me its always been me takin care of other ppl and makin sho they iight.I got 3 family members in tha hospital RIGHT NOWso who HELPS ME?
You did your thing tonight. Im so happy your back. You were and will always be the queen of hip hop & R&B!!!!!
fa sho I'll email with all he details!!!!
and i bet you this concert will be 3x the length of the last one!!!
Well aren't we just a match made in DM heaven. :) Let me guess... your day 1 would've been "It's No Good"?
Yay:-) Im still anxiously waitng for the new album!!
UBIQUITY IN THE HOUSE AT DEEP TONIGHT SEE YOU IN THE LOUNGE...
look for us in the Roundup Tent at the KISS Cook-off @ CB Park in Davie tomorrow!!!
Well this really sucks, im about to just take my phone, ipod, and computer and throw them in a lake. #no use anyways
our mobile phone has more computing power than all of NASA in 1969. NASA put a man on the moon. We put a bird into pigs.
and zahremar for dessert
Chillin by the fire while we eatin fondue.
are you suggesting that my dog is not smart enough to read a clock!?!? Sick 'em, !
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - 4
Wtf my brothers dumb as shit, he's crushing ice while everyones trying to sleep..who does that..
when dwight howard refers to god telling him where to play is he referring to david stern or tebow?
Omg followed me!!!!!
the daughters and lady cops that is. I'm good on dudes & cop 'staches.
thanks, great job to you guys too!
which ones?
Thx much 2 - I'm just starting out, I really appreciate your RT of my post! I look forward learning more as we share!
Random Thoughts: Just wondering how many vehicles Chrysler dealerships will be selling in the coming months.
Thanks for the message. Hope all is well Goods101
Let me know what he replies. Thanks!
The 15" Air will likely be coming in Q3 this year. New Intel chips seem to be the hold up.
i have kik wanna talk in there?
My first 6 followers who are still going strong. Thx all
Front row for AWOLNATION and Fan Jam? Lucky! Im about halfway back. :/
interesting.... I'm working of course! Tryin to do lotsa work before I'm gone for 2 weeks!
ALRIGHT! THANKS TO EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN TO MY FIRST EVER LIVE TWEET EXPERIENCE! I HOPE YOU LOVED IT AS MUCH AS I DID!
at about 5:30pm. :) If tea isn't getting the job done... coffee will certainly help. Good luck!
or possibly since the day you were!
RT : When someone says "YOU can't do it", that's THEIR limitation NOT yours. RT
I just love to dance alone everywhere anywhere anytime as long as I'm dancing
I am what you want cause you like what I make , I am what I am and you is who I say!
giada de laurentiis book signing for my sister in law's birthday gift. Heyo!
RT Roosevelt: eyes on the stars, feet on the ground
Josh Hamilton just hit his 4th home run of the game
Heading out tomorrow for GA and FL - 2 TV, 3 radio, 2 concerts, a women's retreat, and a worship service. Should be an interesting week!
Clarification: The Pike 1836 E. 4th Street, Long Beach. Tonight!
Successful week with family business last week. I love it when that happens.
Still love Rick Ankiel. Great throw and energy. I like this Nats team.
In a boot
Email me to get on that promotion
hey hey
Woke up @ 8 this morning rushing to get ready for work then realized it was Sat. Then my roomie wakes me up at 9 vacuuming!
You mean not before midnight? Because Sunday starts at 12:00 a.m. Or not until later in the weekend?
Registered Sacramento Process Server; subpoenas, summons, small claims, divorce, wage garnishments, bank Levy, and more 916-509-0677
Don't ever graduate!!!! The real world kinda sucks. I wake up every day wanting to go back to college
After four years, Pullman IS home.
Finally figured out my blog idea...hopefully it will turn out ok.
#slcwebinar Selling point to gain leadership traction -Show how PKM enhances collaboration and innovation.
First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they attack you. Then they patronize you. Then they ignore you again.
Member Half Day your FIRST time!!!!xD RT : , those were the good times! Now its all bunch of drama -.-
I'll make you a name tag this weekend. Or maybe a special hat.
That's my point. I picked on the lady with the blanket, but she was surrounded by men who cowered like sissies.
Don't know what you are asking RT : You mean via RTs?
I understand that, but this is getting ridiculous and we have no draft picks. It Just seems like we are Goin downhill
Gaff - Home, place of residence. ex: That's some pretty fancy gaff you got there!
OTD in 1985 Billy Joel married model Christie Brinkley on a boat moored alongside the Statue Of Liberty. They divorced in 1993.
So much for bucket of rain.
I don't even care.
Every home should have a sitting room without a TV where the art of conversation can be honed and practiced. And a dog :)
Got your DM re: #web #design. :) Would you like me to #add you to my #list of #webdesigners? #webdesign :) :)
Right where I left you 💘
"While God values skill. He doesn't accept our worship on the basis of it." 1Peter 2:5 -Bob Kauflin
how's it run? I might be interested I'll know within week
I just realized that I really need to hit the ATM before the Hot Snakes show tonight.
I saw it. It's just ok, I was expecting better than what the trailers showed. and it should have been the strongest but wasn't
got to meet you a while back and you couldn't have been nicer. The way you treat your fans is one of a kind! Keep crushing dude
thanks for sharing....?
I could go the rest of my life without ever having to be subjected to hearing another Phil Collins song again. (Shudder)
Eating like I wanted to become the next half ton woman this weekend has caused this morning to be a very hungry and grumbly.
Tomorrow is important
haha i think I'm the only one who didn't see it last night!
Well, Instagram wasn't built in a day, after all. : I hope so. Still a long way off sadly
put malakoff, tx . up on music this weekend.
Thank you for the RTs!
Stay tuned for some more FREE Milwaukee ticket giveaways tomorrow and the rest of this week!
Attachments to outcomes create stress, especially because the path to your goals is almost never a straight line-let those attachments go.
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
The neighbors are blasting their mexican music...
I'll LOL at both of you when he doesn't. And then be sad bc we're stuck with Tristan Thompson.
Forget Aaron Rodgers...the belt lies with Steve Novak. #Linsanity continues and it effects everyone on the team.
Ey yo, shout out to my boi for being featured in ATL falcon twitter pic!
Just filmed a video of him, Comfort and Allison dancing at a club. I'll post it later. RT : I LOVE TWITCH
Bought my mommy her gift (: , its so hard to hide it though !
Lots if outdated info...please call for fact checking
Health Tips: sunblock also blocks Vitamin D production!
No Jordan Jefferson today? I believe points will be scored!!!!! JJ gone for life!!!! Yaaay!
Make Huge Profits Selling Air Fresher -JustSmellSoGood.com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Since "Baby Tigerdactyl" now has a name, his new twitter handle is
I'm getting a check every week for the next 3 weeks.
Skype later when you're feeling recovered?
<3 i'm fine now. needles is always fine
haha well you can't argue with that lmfao
i seen dance he did really good i hope he WINS !
Brutal loss for the knicks, worse loss in a win for the bulls: Torn ACL for Rose.
RT : Happy day! Nootropics is A++, go on and get it.
"Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do." -Orison Swett Marden. Sweat dreams, yogis.
I could be there in 6 hours to help you pack... I'm a great packer. Well for everyone else, alone im a procrastinator
65 percent of women in shelters can't find employment due to the economy
lol - We're going to have to disagree (strongly) without being disagreeable. ;)
entrees are $8-$12, we are reasonably priced! Come visit!
Have a good day at school :)
in honor of National Chocolate Chip Day, I'm eating a large bowl of kale!
I'd let y'all help stain my deck, but it has to be done *just so* and I really don't think you have the necessary skill.
#ff our good friends and business @
Don't require a holiday to say the words "Thank you."
hay u there
Hey , Happy birthday!
I don't know what I would do without my brother sometimes.
Welcome back, Zach Phillips.
Ground Zero for the Pussyitis Outbreak!!!
So Tyrael is basically Black Jesus
My professor just asked a student 'why they are smh?' Lol and then asked how ultra was... Lmfao.
Thanks for the add Pearl!!
if you obey all the rules, you miss out on all the fun
this shall be interesting...
The days are getting longer, the weather warmer - time to stock up on Lemonade?
I can see getting a ticket for parking on the wrong side when plows are out but any other day is just bonus $ for the city.
should be a packed house. Im taking wife to see Michael Jackson show at the Fabulous BMore Arena or I would join.
Great song!
follow the team!
BEST SONG EVER! RT : #NowPlaying Florence + The Machine – Shake It Out on
Speaking of mom. She needs to get home. #tengohambre. 😒
When you say your gonna do something you do it cause your word is your bond
Pat Elwood deserves a medal. MT : #DCcaucus vote counters r doing best w disaster created by decisions made earlier @ higher level
I'm fine today my fellow Geordie
Veronica was just bragging about how she beat you... wha?
Stiff, Aloof, and Indecisive
Now it's time for bed before this migraine gets completely out of control. Night all! 💗💤
LMAO! Ur right about that son!
Avengers is a 2 & a half hour long movie just to let anyone know who wants to see it
Is local search really important for LBSs? You bet. What's that look like? Contact me.
Felt just like old times .
So glad I pay 80 bucks a month for shitty service inside my house. Thanks,
If you can give me a contact, I will find the right person to message you. Thanks.
Hot Fudge Sunday!!!
What's the URL?
o hai I'm back! I was eating pop tarts and chilling with my mommy!
I want to be more than a story to tell your friends.
I've had this happen before. I've also made this recipe and had it result in amazing, fluffy, delicious rolls. Stumped!
Tossed and turned all night last night. My chiropractor is going to be so mad at me. My back feels like I was run over by a truck :-/
If you win the mega millions jackpot tomorrow, why you shouldn't contact the lottery office first. Tonight at 6:30pm
Accomplishing things before the microwave reads 0:00...
It's been several years since Reach. Plus, Terrence is right. The co-op stuff is potentially revolutionary.
Going to have some fun over the next couple of days !
Full credit given to I just took the picture.
And God said, "Let there be light," & there was light. God saw that the light was good, and He separated the light from the darkness.
yay! Can't wait to see you guys!!
Hopkins fast tracks people. Plus had motivation of keeping a TT job in order to finish.
My life is about to embrace destiny! I agree !
I'm proud of you :)
#MLSProtectedPlayerListsAreLate because the #MLS had to make sure the #LAGalaxy dind't want to sign a 4th designated player from any of them
": That's awesome! Great movie & one of my favs as well #LAFilmFest"
“Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.” - Roger Caras
I look a bit too serious for my tastes but otherwise I thought it was a fun pic.
Heading to Salt Lake City for the Smart Card Alliance Payments Summit. WIll be on the 'NFC Apps & Services' panel Thursday.
that horrifying moment when your cartilage piercing closes and you have to re-pierce it yourself...
one dude, and one.. non-dude. Namely my wife :)
RT : I'm moreso concerned that my friends make it safely up o dc.. hghkey
When people retweet things that are completely opposite of how they act or feel
Just had a flashback to 5th grade b/c I totally used to wear the flipup shades in school. I was THAT kid.
The elves in the new T Mobile commercial really and truly sound like they're singing "walking in an orgy wonderland."
so are you back on coffee?
& are u going to the annual seaside heights water plunge this years ? (:
My son drew Humpty-Dumpty and said, "It looks like you Dad." Lmao
Okay, another miss for me. Too much Cruella not enough Glenn
Let's be honest - tonight might wear you out for the rest of the week!
Race for the Cure! 🏃🙆
Our shuttle driver this morning is a real character. "Whole Foods is HQ'd in Austin. We have like the Sears of Whole Foods here." What tha?
Mayweather is going to win the fight. Knockout after 5 rounds.
let's keep the besmirching of Gorman to a dull roar.
Glad to hear you are feeling great about your decision! I miss your Tweets. Don't forget us! :)
If you are playing cell phone bingo on B 97 the number for 11:35am was 3! Make sure you're listening at 1:35pm today
Shout out to our new followers
Are you looking to expand your brand in creative ways on social media? If so, contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
So powerful to hear my students' stories--their voices--live. Inspired!
Happy 28th birthday to the beautiful and talented ! Have loads of fun babe. ♥ xx
Wheels is a stabber.
Our pleasure, Scott! So glad to hear your enjoyed everything.
According to an AAP’s report, the use of fever-reducing meds should be focused on making children more comfortable, not ridding fevers.
Happy to be reminded tonight that Freud's first psychoanalytic publication was when he was my age. Where is my Breuer? My Anna O.?
Spurs Are Out Here. OKC Vs Spurs For WCF?
#Celtics all day I got a little worried but ill I'm looking forward to greener days on TNT
How when where and of course what I came from, and what I really see and hear. Though My Next Novel is 6 Chapters. called "The Sea"
I hope your Grandma's doing ok.
"i had a dream of a dream".. "wow, you wrote that" LMAO!!
what time?
Tip of the day correction: looking both ways prevents both time saving and car attacks.
I'm not in it and it's fucking with I hate altercations bad vibes go a long way
RT Met Jim Coutts this afternoon...PM Pierre Trudeau's top advisor. Jim wanted to see a bird in my backyard! - hope you blog this
Crap! Was hoping Kirkpatrick would fall to Tennessee
Whiskey and anxiety all the things.
thnx for following
Not gonna lie that prom was better than all the proms I went to in high school lol
Just discovered my dryer sheets are #compostable! #WasteDiversion Can't hang laundry - next best thing for now.
Whoa! Tomorrow is my first day off in....? :)
. Glad you're having a wonderful time!!
follow me please (:
West Side Market...it is busy! Say hi to me at the Orale stand.
My life is flashing before my eyes.
my birthday iZ cuming up..... TRUE
Congrats Bronze for Head Hunter!!
We're sorry to hear about your problem. Please contact us directly at so we can look into it. Thanks!
performance per spindle, performance per GB, yes both of these go down, but perf per spindle is flat
when i read your tweet i saw 'disco'
I think I'll just stick to selling houses. Remodeling them is not as easy for me.
Know of any online interactives on conservation of ancient sculpture?
twitter is social media but know that the online friendship and sharing your mom with us was so appreciated! nuthinbutluv!!
I agree... Thank you Pres Obama...
grazing the nye appetizers. drinkin a two hearted.
When you get something that you don't work for, you won't know how to value or maintain it. -Devon Franklin
I won't lie, that word makes me uncomfortable, but I was really mad. Also, always cracks me up. Always.
we've all said that before haha. Where are you at?
loves chilling and listening to IMC
Wait...why does this have to involve math? :)
Much appreciation to Pittsburgh! You guys are the best!!! Thanks for the follow
tweet something lol!
the wwf/ecw/wcw rivalry was cool for a minute though. When they first bought it and kept the brand
Hell yeah
I know that guy ! He is hillarious. When I read his tweets I can here him saying it in my head lol
Well, I cheat a little via Hulu, but it still makes for a heck of a lot more free time!
oh wait you do a # sign! hahahah! #lovindereknagel ....there ya go! :)
probably some other, I suspect.
Skinner outlines project aims: data prep, distributed preservation, and collaboration for both digitized/born-dig newspapers
Thanks. It's my way of publicly taking notes.
That's too funny! I'm seriously gonna throw a party when I get to 6000 tweets like you my friend.
We are a cover band and we play some of The Runaways songs & Joan Jett songs along with other classic rock covers :)
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!:)
is working on some hot new tracks with some very awesome singers! Who's into dubstep here?
- thanks for the tweets for the show tmrw, which will be AWESOME! Pls introduce yourself to the producers-we'd like to met you!
Unlikely bedlam in the markets can be averted now. New Italian gov't can slow it, but ECB action needed as too many countries on the brink.
Lebron consulted Jim Harbaugh on his decision.
How the fuck does win a Nickolodean award when she's on fucking diesney channel? ..
Thank you to MAZOLA Corn Oil for hosting such a great event in NYC. Pictures coming soon!
don't kill any squirrels Wallace :)
There's a #fatburger in Vancouver?! O_o Ice Cube is now playing on repeat in my head.
stoopid if you ask me
Monster win for Stay safe in Wichita too!
we know people who know people who can get them in your hands :)
great poem by McDonough!
that's what's up.. Holla at me around 4
thats too much work im too lazzyyy
iam trying to run it on my 3gs but it doesn't work...he is a lair
i'm bored! btw goodnight =] sleep well
I like that trailer... good stuff
RIP sabrina <3
good times are when you're in texas okay come home
I'm still trynna hit the gym 2day
nice to meet u too girl!
see - they love you!
#SmackDown yes yes The New Nexus win
All of today's tweets have disappeared. What's up with that ?
i seriously can't wait for abdc
Please ck out my site for women and create a profile www.kissandim.com/register
Glad to be working with #Queens Theatre in the Park again this year! is just the bestest!
i hate when I'm trying not to spend money, then I get some coupons in the mail -_-
After the terrible start and alot of bad luck , and injuries, i'm very encouraged by the Sox.Have faith Sox nation, i believe.Go Sox !
Smith's Nursery in Johnston County. He told me they fed catfish, too.
When choosing a show, look at all past show info and speak to past exhibitors and attendees for evaluation. #trade show #DJ Heckes
are u going to the fiesta parade?
Happy dancing with you! So glad it's Friday! :-)
or they could also be lying through their teeth to impress the girl! Think thats possible?
I just got laid off from my office job...well now its time to focus on my acting like I needed too.
Jenna Bolingbroke - Daniel Cope - I'll Show You New York - G324 Music Video June 2012
right! I started crying. Some people in this world today are just heartless!!!
I really like your decor that you use on your website www.urbanlifestyledecorblog.com
also forgot to say you're welcome. Oops
Pokemon. I'm holding off on the 3DS for now, don't have the money, and there's still games to be played on the DS.
Just sent out the acceptance notices! (And sadly, the "we don't have enough room for all" notices.)
Sarasota Software Company Wins Award at Silicon Valley Conference
congrats! That's awesome.
I'm so ready for
can u follow me... Ur following me from my other account
At the post office getting my passport stuff all squared away. Cancun in December with my bro!
What the fuck.
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there! Especially to the few I've made out with. <3
silverstein acoustic on Pandora >>
Done with my French class and looking forward to HP6 midnight premiere!
Thank you for tweeting my blog post!
TONIIIIGGHHHTTTTT, WE ARE YOUNG. RT What a great day
Now, where's my arpeggiator?
hoping he see the video think he will like it thanks for RT
Ill give it a few more days to see if its worth it.
DiCaprio gets more LIKES on cause-based posts than film-related posts on Facebook
I'm bored): who wants to do something
Love Conquers All
Awww. Too sweet. Sisters are the best!! I love mine 2.": #FF my amazing, gorgeous, brilliant and hilarious sister!”
The same planet where 99% of Catholic women use birth control is my guess.
Chiana:You know that puppy that's always looking in thru the window over the bathroom sink? Looks just like me!
A one of those women, I plan to do just that.
you mean #ThatAwesomeMoment ?
I hate being alone! :(
#Spurs coach Gregg Popovich Named 2011-12 #NBA Coach of the Year
I love when calls me and he sounds happy. It makes me smile.
Damn I can't wait to put these mixtapes out which one should I put out first newest to old or oldest to new
check out our reverb page and see what you think. We would love to open for a cool band at .
it's getting so crazy!!!
is this an alphabetical order game?
The queens, kings and jacks are starting to gathering in the tournament area.
we missed you in chi this weekend!! I want to come visit you in Dallas soon.
Sweet! thanks!!!! hope youre awesome.
All of this shows up in the third mvmt again
can I do "and this is crazy"?
Run a creative business? I highly recommend the book "The Business Side of Creativity" It's been an invaluable guide the past 5-6 years.
Looks like I was #100 :) Absolutely LOVED my experience at Butcher & The Burger.
They all scream OFF WITH THEIR HEADS
Losers quit when they're tired. Winners quit when they've won. Champions quit when they get ejected.
. please don't
Thank you!
damn thatss amazing :)
Ooh, good one. And then, disguised as the Parson, he murders himself in the Retraction.
you don't want party tips from me..lol I can tell you what NOT to do
up and down, up and down, up and down...yo-yo emotions
Eating new castles and drinking a cola champan in my PJs cause I can ;)
Carrega Gil Vicente !!!!!!
Heather, this time it was it should be mobile, quick, and sensitive
#TEAMRED Red all the way !!!! <3
I'm an expert at defensive driving. :)
will need all media requesting credentials to e-mail ...MAY 9th..ALMOST HERE!!!
Picking OKC in 4 it doesnt matter who wins this,both teams suck
So hubby says get yard sign for his opponent..So goes the battle of the yard signs. This will be interesting!
#confession I've never smoked.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
Slow day at work?
Happy Mothers Day: be nice to mom while U still have her.
I am getting a Honey Badger. He don't care.
you are NOT A GEEZER! And it is a compliment dummy lol
Day one of break = success
My best PBTM seats were eighth row for...12/28/94! It's never gotten any better in 16+ years?!?!?!?!?
The #1 response from men so far is that they say they want to be hugged and cuddled without them having to ask
Come to Indie MusicFest tonight at 11! $10! Awesome music!
After Manu's first two dunks, he may have been a little over eager on the third attempt. One more step and he would've had it.
Yep. Those are the two choices I've boiled it down to as well :) Thanks for your input!
I know i would get on facebook. but my facebook website on my computer aint working so i just got twitter (: !
I want chips ahoy cookies.
YAY SPRING BREAK
Every night I bring a desk's worth of paper home to work on. My goal is to leave work one night without my work bag or lap top. #Doable?
you are a BAD APPLE.
do you feel you are entrapping these companies/people you go after?
Follow Friday
MT : Today's Marie Curie #googledoodle pique your interest in women scientists? Meet more w/ this slideshow:...
It's only Tuesday?!? Ugh I thought it was #wantedwednesday :(
Thanks for the follow
Ouch. RT : "I don't need to see Hunger Games -- I have a non-tenure track position in academia." Ethan Perlstein, on Twitter.
I saw more than a few Kindle's in the hands of young 20'somethings on my Amtrak ride this weekend. I still prefer my iPod Touch
Wasn't there but still fired up! : RT if you had amazing day in Richmond with Pres. Obama and 1st Lady. VA is fired up &
Cake cake cake. He wanna lick the icing off lol RT : “ Ah man this is love making weather #RiRiMoment” O_o
when girls get boob jobs, nose jobs, butt implates, i cant help but yell
Franklin & Oak Creek out with 1 suspect.
Thank you!
in short, I'm rocking this shit and need a monitor with more pixels
RT In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock. --Thomas Jefferson
with out a doubt in my mind..
that was my shit still is
Aria: Free mj tickets, a contact at 1 oak, & catching the tail end of a photoshoot with
It's almost 12 and I haven't started my paper. Don't really care
Hey , , , , can't wait to see your shorts tomorrow! Tell us about it!
May 18, 25, and 26 for karaoke next month - always a good time!
- thanks for the RT! ;)
Try a piece of light lemon cheese cake with fresh fruit on top @ Firehook Bakery!!
Maybe a few minutes for that many rows.
Two unrelated items: I might be running my first 5K next month (I'm scared). & I totes ate an ice cream treat for breakfast.
Emma keeps calling me "mommy" lol
Just me n him today !! <3
congrats, Connor
In 2006, Pletcher set a singleyear earnings record of $26,820,243 – breaking the record held by his mentor D. Wayne Lukas...
let's do it! :) I'll text Farhad to set it up!
Can't wait! RT Bmore today to see !! And 4 weeks til the sunny beaches of San Diego to see !
Send us and email and let's talk!
bruh i got them dre now
Until day after Mother's Day.
you claim you dnt remember anything
Packers are up 14-3. If you aren't at cans you are missing one hell of a super bowl game
Thanks!! Can't wait for our Valentine's Day lunch tomorrow :)
Really need to sleep. -____-
her mom was like "Erica wtf!!! Go over the sink & splash water in it." slut trait lmfao
My phone is telling me I'm low on space......I have no clue what to delete
U can start by forgiving yourself
it doesn't matter what i do at all next week as long as i change the fact that has never had cookie cake
If she never used MSN instant messenger
Wow I did not notice that the vice president of a&g followed me, it's very nice to meet you.
I love my mum & my mema
Just booked a L'Oreal commercial! Didn't even know they made guys stuff... cha ching! Shoots wed.
Congrats to Lola Pictures for their fantastic Range Rover commercial!! We can't wait to see it!
... made them..I love mine..beer..and a little hat over left eye...so awesome
Was Taken that good of a movie to get a #FamilyGuy spoof? It was ok, but spoof worthy?
Its Gorgeous out. Come down for a #BloodyMary & listen to sounds by Rangers Game 7!! Then late night sounds by
I'm gonna stair at the wall because I'm like so cool.
Btw, resumes next week Thursday, March 15, after a few month hiatus. All are welcome! We had great turnouts in the fall.
Thanks for the mention!
O MY GOODNESS. BDubs is so busy tonight!
In the Auditorium waiting for the General Session to start up. Way excited about !
Not much been skateboarding alot haha:)
Move your brightest/most energetic students around the classroom to provide a catalytic effect for their classmates - a bit of rubbing off.
“: Oh Twitter, we meet again...” maybe you'll stick around awhile, this time? haha
I can barely talk .
yea n most of em look like shrek so its hard to kno
You MUST try Santa Maria style when in SoCal! Converted me to dry rub...I ate so much at Shaws I had to lie down in the car.
"Are you as bored as I am?" Read that backwards & it still makes sense!
who needs #komen... i bet only 20 cents on the dollar actually goes to the cause.... lame.
aww that's so sweet <3
epic kosher meal time happens today at 4 at Hillel. be there.
just checked and all good
cool ranch doritos, omg
Milwaukee->NYC->Raleigh->Park City->Portland->Milwaukee
You honestly don't know how much I miss you and how much I want you back..
Fair point. Help out your fellow thumbs down-ers. How do you currently measure ROI?
#nw The Green Hornet
im bad at 4 things: swimming, throwing a football, growing a full beard, and taking the subway.
oh it was no prob. And im good haha. U? :)
Thanks! Maybe ill see u there. Good luck!
Marlins Park is feeling a whole lot like Antarctica right now
Arkansas offered Jessica Dorrell a first class ticket out of Fayetteville. She declined because she only rides coach
DUDE best one yet. You kiilllllllled it
Ayyyeeeooooo (: Follow me . . .
another MINUS: we've already forgotten NAME of the new store (too generic) ..but cant forget the name (luv that name)
For starters, I want rule-based sorting and actions, one interface for searching, and a single identity record for each person.
Excellent support!
Haven't Been In This In Awhile
Alright so we all joked about wearing Camo last year to prom, but this kid actually did it.
Hey -I think #DrewBrees might be tired. Let's let him rest on the bench for a little bit, huh?
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. TRUE?? ^^
Mother Monster and we that!! We are little monsters since you your it see You are going to gain the AMA's because always you win Gaga i ♥♥
Why are people in LA so idiotic most of the time?? Blows my mind!!
Then y arent all sins illegal? Point is people want to vilify gays but have no problem allowing other sins in our society
wait I missed the part where Philly is up by ten.. wtf celtics
All of these people make their money through real estate.
good luck and cheers to a great season. Hit em straight.
no I didn't ! You did! Lol.
GGMU!! RT : Cant wait for game tomorrow. Massive game. Hopefully 3 points for us.
In Bangor, french fries are called 'suck wands'. I could not uncover the entomology of this.
What is theatre?
Working princess breakfast this morning in Norway!!
Writing another song
hahaha, that's a tough one! But cavities and gingivitis --- maybe I will :?
I'm an IU fan, but D. Green is Big Ten player of the year.
Bold Statement.
At Mathnasium with my 12 year old. Owner is passing out popsicles to customers to stay cool. Air conditioning broken. Bummer. 110+ today.
Finally back to screenwriting! And filming a new short film starting this weekend! Welcome back, productivity!
I need to buy sum veet or nair
and nits are of course at the core of nitty-gritty > tell that to Southerners > True Grits?
Lil B The Based God for president of Egypt!
#TimeSci What difference if you send an email or post a blog at midnight or 6am, as long as it is *there* to be read in the morning?
Come to the Cellar Wine Tasting on 1/28/10 at Hotel Oregon. Only $15/person, reservations requested. Call 503.472.8427 for more info!
Reed Smith Adds kCura Relativity to Help Power Its E-Discovery Team
oh Jim, true story :)
I could look at those green eyes all day, hahaa.
Will do! thank you & good morning Gary!
u only live once so party.
Lesson of the day from Rex Sikes, make rich friends!
great... if you can make it to Pasco we'll do lunch!
Withh Oliver in the school buss. <3 c;
Pool games are getting intense...hoping for a bar fight...
thanks & also positive ^_^
Thank you everyone for coming out for our special night tonight! Can't wait to throw another event in fall!!!
Survived! Woo
That awkward moment when you hold a door open for someone, but they're really far away so you walk in and the door hits them.
I'm so addicted to all the things ya do... It's unlike anything when you're loving me (;
Asian Invasion. Are there any Fasians?
If worked at McDonald's, he'd be like "We talking 'bout fries! Not a burger, not a burger, not a burger...
Saturday morning workout = afternoon nap time
keeping it real Mellotron this evening
is the voice in my head...
We think we know the ones we love, but everyone can keep secrets
Don't miss the Friends Used Book Sale - Inventory Clearance Sale! @ Paseo Verde Lib starting tomorrow thru Monday! Biggest book sale yet!
you did soo amazing on !!! And #Boyfriend sounds AMAZING. I CAN'T WAIT. I'M SO EXCITED. :D
Stay tuned this week! We don't have any show news yet but we'll having some fun stuff for our Tw'eeps!
DM me with what you need. I'd love to help!
ok then
hahahaha! Its strange when 7:30am on a Saturday is "sleeping ing"
This where niggas become great
I will shoot a new Bookwink video this weekend No. Matter. What!
who has a old AT&T phone they. wanna give me??? 📱
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous
Another balanced #hardball panel. Liberal journalist Wayne Slater and liberal NAACP president Ben Jealous
Tonight's password for Rant-O-Wheel is "Worst Monday Ever" - which won't be what happens to you if you come to the show!
On Jon Stewart, watched Melody Barnes claim you listen to teachers. Following any of us on Twitter yet? Disagreed w/ her take.
sw gainesville smells very strongly of a mixture of stinky kitty litter and burnt plastic- shawn suspects bioterrorism by people or aliens.
It's a #bloodshoteyes kind of day. Yep no sleep again, but I won't let it get me down.
That's how much you love us, I'm guessing! 💙😜 Did you make it to me, way down there somewhere?
Doing it over because I'm convinced I can
Too ugly, I think.
Hi, Meg from Baltimore here. Hopkins psychiatrist. Officially on vacation. Much-needed.
J. Cole need to be in a cypher.
Are the tastes complimentary?
Awesome blog ..!
I'm interested in the Quickbase career roles. Searched on Quickbase in the job tool, anything else I should search on? thx
“: Thank you for a great conference. Can't wait for next year!!” Agreed!
DM'ed you!
RT Every time I see tweet about being outside the DC Establishment, a part of me laughs, then dies.
you are from a really pretty place
nope- she can't win this twice, you can only win once every 30 days.
": lol I'm already shocked cuz u admitting to liking him & these feelings LOL." I know!! Shoot me now LOL
At the bar early!
nice, i'll hit you up tomorrow.
Follow me please!*-*
anyone else not happy with the twitter changes?
Because we have to go where our clients will be RT : why?
I'm not sure any of the singers will sell any records but they do have really good voices. Go
Always be kind in
Hey Sam love twenty twenty music u guys should to america :)xx
i wish would wake up
latest (great) band name idea: Daniel Burnham & The Plan. which opens the door to a record titled: Emerald Necklace.
Alec's bar mitzvah in an hour (:
#milwaukee Rock Salt now sold retail for $5.99/ bag! Going fast- winter is on its way!
Not cool to dig out car at 6 AM from 17" of snow and get to end of driveway only to face impassable snow wall courtesy of municipal plow!
thanks for the follow lil mama
Course i would be the only one at a 3year old's birthday party to ask the facepainter if he could make me look like a zombie
haha! I'm going to have to go there, soon to get a LA license, it's gonna suck! I remember the LA DMV, yuck!
Its getting nice enough outside that I can finally do an outdoor video soon with a shit ton of extras. Anyone interested?
It's so embarrassing when election losers leave their signs out
All you Tweeters saying "awesome!" should re-read my Tweet. I was saying that NOTHING is happening, which isn't particularly awesome ;)
You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership
well that's it 8:01pm the polls are closed, It was a great day!
People are rough on gym teachers, but let's not forget all the years they spend in college, learning how to yell a last name in a scary way.
I got nothing but love and support for my city RT : No! Let's keep it all the way Richmond lol
great! U?
Great evening at USF-FW Nursing Pinning Ceremony. Congrats to our ASN, BSN, & MSN graduates!
that. is. amazing. great job tonight dude. crushed it.
Bumping that Xscape "Understanding". This was my jam.
Hey guys! Hope everyone had a great weekend :) I had a blast using !
a fellow fan here in #Pittsburgh!
how's school? Keeping focused?
As beatallica leaves their hotel, who pulls in?...Red Elvises. Fun!
If you're not folliwing Artie Lange at you're missing out on the best Tweets on Twitter.
Had my first 'leggings worn as pants' related injury this morning. Must look where I am running.
Conservator at National Gallery brings life back to paintings - Washington Post
hm...you can have that conversation with #meanuncleD and I will
The way to my heart? An authentic headdress!
yeah sounds good jst remind me again lol
Very frosty morning here in Knoxville!
Info - sent!
Thanks so much, #BigOmaha. Another great year. Can't wait to synthesize all this crazy cool info!
omg are you watching T&T?? My most embarrassing reveal ever but I love that show!
15 minutes to showtime. Send in your last minute thoughts via e-mail:
man girl im missin you
#SOPA Once again Americans are being governed by corps. America doesn't want #SOPA it's getting shoved down our throats
The film is great, but I think what's more intriguing are the unedited interview material in the bonus material. Great stuff!
haha I wish this town wasn't so boring so that ppl would stop butting into other ppls business lol
hope you had a good flight back home! It was so great to meet you in person!
I'm sure you can...it's actually my grandma's recipe, so she prob used lard and my mom switched it to Crisco.
please find me unsulphured chenin. Going through withdrawal.
Checked out MiKeys last night for DT Dining - sat in the bar to watch the game. TVs. Comfy/Upscale. Great Location.
Didn't they just get married a year ago or something?
we're on 1725 westlake ave N. in Seattle.
Packed house at
Everything happens for a reason .
So this is a big situation in Cincinnati.
2. She likes to throw things and swear. At patrons.
#4famouswords just a bit outside
lol why were 3 from me...
feelin like s***
well then I shall see your pretty face soon!
OMFG I forgot how much i luved the notebok until right now, "If you're a bird, I'm a bird" Ah I want a romance like that lolz :)
oh ok whats wrong ?
Alabama announces Nick Saban will conduct a press conference Thursday at 2 p.m. ET. No reason was stated in the release.
Man stole ferrets to pay off debt
I appreciate it, good sir!
How's everyone's spring break????
That's the plan. Thanks. :)
I cant change the many years of yesterday ..but I can do something about my tomorrows...Just wasnt my time.. intil now!
P90x got me sore ugh! No pain no gain'
My physical therapist told me yesterday that I have the handwriting of a doctor or an engineer. (That must mean messy.)
Thanks Aaron!
Join us Tonight for REHAB w/ Rittz and Downbeat Switch Doors @ 7:30 Tickets $15.00
Many great journalism students being honored!
If i wasn't in school I would go on all of the GroupOn getaway vacations, seriously, I get so excited
