Ooh then yes I do remember you! haha
Yowzers -- I really need it to be noon on Wed. How'd 5p Friday get here so darn fast?
thank you for supporting #foster children in ! #charity #NYE2012 #party see you soon!
Who you are is falling over me, who you are is everything I need. I'm hoping, I'm waiting, I'm praying you are the one.
Scratch that, both of my legs go through hell.
Michael Jordan wore 23, Bobcats just lost their final 23 games....kinda eerie
Rain plus Obama = Horrible Traffic EVERYWHERE!!!
Danger Mouse producing Norah Jones's new album Little Broken Hearts is excellent news! They make incredible music together
Just tapped, Longboard Lager (replaces 1811 Lager)
The ABQ. International Balloon Fiesta starts Oct.3. I can't believe how fast time goes. I hope the weather does not get windy.
“: Apologies, excuses, I hate them both.”
I'm slightly concerned about my dog's mental health. She keeps choking on things and then trying to eat them again...
Follow me,If I'm following u
the Polish Hammer definitely!!!
I don't know!
No matter the faith, we must help those who suffer
Look like a girl. Act like a lady. Think like a man. Work like a boss.
you are welcome
I can't wait to move out and away from my family
I'm guessing they're artist/song titles?
Peace at last.
Thanks, Will. I think I'll have an easier time with Morello. Will fix my abstract soon.
"Dude those are some sick suspenders."
I know I already married my favorite Jewish guy but dang
actually he works extremely hard from what i can tell
Only if I know you guys get a cut.
#TeamTipsy...fuck it...I'M ON VACATION, BITCHES!!!!
RT : Being an entrepreneur is being able to CONFIDENTLY run towards a brick wall. - -- w/ padding & a helmet
Just saw a homeless guy holding a sign saying "I bet you can't hit me with a quarter!"
whip it
Garbage in Garbage out!
I don't want to just make love. I want to make love last.
Remember that time Felix Pie made a routine play in the outfield? Yeah, neither do I.
i now officially know what life was like for helen keller...
I know I'm chubby mom but you still have to feed me
Clouds just keep circling the earth around and around. And around. There is not much else to do.
RT I'm following via !!! Hollaback!
just bought #modernvintage boots from your killing my paycheck!
Yep. I was totally denied. And the dummies keep sending me their credit card apps in the mail.
um, Seran wrap!
Grinding as always fam! Getting ready for my LA trip next week
shirt,jacket,pants,boxers,socks,shoes
I can't tell if u r being sarcastic or not. : People are hilarious!!!
Humidity is the worst. #instantlysweating #phoneisfoggingup but I'm excited to see my family! (well, not as "excited" as #Tebow was.
Bryzgolav is not gonna keep the Flyers in any of their games. Offense has to find a way to score.
Woke up too damned early & am already exhausted before 11am.
I couldn't help It... KFC :(
hello! Love the new name and I'm following you now. :)
Listening to while practicing the guitar! Instructor Dan said I had to cut my nails short :(
It would be a beautiful day if it wasnt so windy
It's why we're friends.
Things you never want to hear. "He's passed out, hurry up get the lube.
I need to study to late now
noted, but could you file an issue? for now, you could use datePart() function together with numeric range facet
A big WITS Thank You to groceries for your stellar participation in the Poem a Day campaign. Your support of literacy ROCKS!...
Advertising and marketing to our target market segment is a lot harder than you think on twitter! Who really cares that much about cleaning?
Motor racing-Bahrain Grand Prix third free practice times
oh yeah I did say that lol I was asking for your keys to move your car
Him and --- I'm not usually a fan of platitudes, but these guys are always worth listening to.
the music isn't nearly as loud and obnoxious making me think it is a different event. I think it's the vegan event. Still loud...
When you play that Romney audio of him saying that "Obama promised Unemp under 8%", can you point out that that is a lie?
wasn't even towards you lol..
Oh hell no. I did NOT tweet about my money made from writing.
Thanks for letting me know about "Dan" confusion- I'll correct it.
Because they are brainwashed by the media
anything that organizes is a blast!
Amazing how u can just stare at a baby!!
Eh, i think 50 cent wack af. well anyways his recent music is shit ~.~ i like his old songs better .
Follow>>>>>> a great young graphic designer
Thanks, I'm glad you like it. Thought it'd be a great way to help people new to LA.
time to get off the computer & finish my laundry. I think I've taken a long enough break. Have a wonderful day everyone!.
why you askin' all them questions? assuming?
African Americans have a 32% chance of going to prison, Latinos have a 17% chance and Caucasians have a 6% chance.
HA! “: Anyone still making excuses for Heckert/Holmgren...please go cover yourselves in gasoline and light a match. #Browns”
At the dentist, the hygenist and later the receptionist told me I look like She & I both have clean teeth, that's 4 sure.
I wish there were credit union branches in City Heights.
RT Parents 'ignore Facebook age bar' [why do kids want to grow up so fast?]
definitely. Loved seeing the pissed Yankee fans after that Texeira K.
BlackBerry Internet Service... :)
I love it when my grandma texts me
It's a playoff atmosphere every game. Kinda awesome...lol.
That's fantastic. Data is power!
I feel for you. This little twit is my nightmare. *Be's scared to have kids and subsequently teenagers*
Last day of school today! yippy!!:)
Tehe I'm I LOVE with this guy he live in Jersey and his name is...............MADISON ALAMIA Tehe <3
I don't give a fuuuuck... good job tho
I know, bout time for me to start gettin nervous.
Congrats! I'd love to hear your talk at the upcoming AHA conference.
i don't think it was
Delayed #FF follow // Great advice for staying healthy from ppl who truly care about others.
ALWC Courageous Men's BREAKFAST this morning. Bout to crush some Bob and Angie's !
Does anyone have the first few seasons of pretty little liars? I wanna start watching that shit.
We're about to begin here at the FIU Soccer Stadium. #FIU vs
Had to claw my way to get to the rrp hummus. DC ladies, taking their time, selecting a hummus, putting it back, repeat..
Welcome to the Challenge Sheila Gullett in New Bremen, OH!! So so excited for you! You are absolutely going to LOVE it!
iPad3 and iPhone5, and if you believe the hype of AppleTV--3 crazy launches that will propel Apple into a new stratosphere.
Glad you like our food, you should follow us back to stay up-to-date on our monthly promotions and coupons!
Stanton with the walk off grand slam!!!!!!!
Glad that's over. Tired
see you soon!
school. 👎😪😖💤 early dismissal today though! 😃
hahaha.....in last 21 years......almost become daily for me......:)
Steam by Peter Gabriel is on the radio right now. It is one of my favorite songs that never gets air play.
its funny how people count your mistakes & judge you as if they never made any mistakes themselves.
Callahan's students told about her death with their parents, counselors.
I cried when I watched the last Harry Potter movie.
TY! ": Thank you Tara , tireless advocate for the Ballpark Neighborhood residents and businesses. You are awesome! :)"
Can we stay out of the fucking box???
Make your mess your message!
Playing house in the ruins of us....
I hope his @ replies are nothing but pics of cocks.
don't be like that fam #lakeshow!!!
when u sum1 talking 2 himself/herself what do you think?
Ok, first problem w/ #kitchennightmares: Hampden is not "just outside Baltimore." please, TV people.
23 Days until HWI...register now at heartlandworshipinstitute.com. Don't miss this amazing conference with and many more!
looking forward to it!
N'western is like that pickup player that tries to take charges and calls over-the-back fouls.
hell!:D
His talent in assigning the blame of society's ills--drug dealing, , criminality--to teachers is masterful. Scary part-he has 16K followers
exactly! It's ridiculous! I owe approx 11% of the little I made, and that's just federal!
America we argue is sure doing fine, any issue we have we'll work out in time. USA you are free
Most things happen for a reason, others happen just because...
So #aasl15 folks, how's the weather in MN? See you soon.
I'd catch a grenade for you... <3 :)
I know #Tewbow is probably a truly great guy, but the media hype around him makes me love watching him lose. Or get traded.
Going on a shopping spree rite after long day at work in high heels is bad idea
do you have a pic of niall's fake tattoo?
can u stop teasing us we r on a volcano waiting for the single and u are teasing us btw OMG OMG IT SWILL SOUND GREAT LOVE U !!
I WILL FIGHT TILL forever. and i will neversaynever. and when you knock me down. i will not stay stay on the ground.
hilarious, right?! Had to share
You folks with your "yards"…how quaint!
I am so happy, thankful & grateful I got to be apart of Project Lodestar Sagas & can't wait to see it when it's done! Thank You!
whats up thanks for the follow
no sleep last night. broke down and got an americano. more like american-go today.
Sent off a story. I think I'm doomed to concentrate best between 1 and 6 a.m. Would moving to Moscow fix that?
Gorgeous st pattys day :) #springbreak12 Miami tomorrow!!!
haha 'hard enough' na I think its from Ava because she hit me with nerf gun
Thank you for giving us the
looking good here early in the second half.
Just touched an iPad, pretty cool. It's beautiful.
You are right , more filters can try but to no avail.
Need 2. PPR V.Jackson Decker J.Nelson S.Rice M.Jenkins Thanks Freaks!
RT : Vint Cerf: critical thinking is vital, we are attempting to make algorithms that pretend to do critical thinking
get em high is by far my favorite song ever I have it on
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy
HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO GET TO YOUR FOOTER IF YOU KEEP LOADING NEW CONTENT?
:-) ....busy with business...as always!
I have a sneaky suspicion i'm the only one that didn't get the memo that 8 am class was canceled...
Did you know women actually started brewing beer first? Come to the Rubicon & learn all about Women in Brewing tomorrow!
Mom watching ET: "U should be on this list." Me: "What list?" Mom: "The world's most eligible bachelors."
Bad day 2 drive to N. Station in Boston - seems like #Northeastern folks haven't heard of #MBTA! Wasn't prob for me
How come Gamma can't kill Clay her own self?!
Lessons from NFL Draft: the choices you make today will determine your future success. Pick your team wisely.
why would I tell you so yiu can go and Holla? That's his m.o he like what others had. Shady dude but we fam
I need some sunshine in my life.
2013: The year when the movie 2012 will be moved from the action section, to comedy section.
3 miles and felt completely fine. I could have done more but I was scared to run at night alone.
Dupont. Yes, Dupont. Oh, did you hear? It's Dupont. Dupont! #DCDrinkUp ;)
including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and general corporate securities procedures and processes
Thanks for following me :) you may also want to follow We are here when you need us! Thanks, LM
When I have an #OreoMoment it's bittersweet because I'll eat 30-40 cookies and then lie around like a sad beached whale.
By the time I have money to burn, my fire will have burnt out
This is the best birthday in 35 years!
sure, what do you think is best? I'm still learning the ropes...
Hope you have an amzing trip girl~~~
#IfItWasntForTwitter I would be sitting here watching Greys anatomy , skipping class 😂
Sorry guys, my acct must have been hacked. Disregard weird messages! Sneaky bastards!
I know right. I thought he liked tenis for some reason lol
leave her alone, she's my new bff. go back to the toilet bowl or i'll flush u lololololol
oh it all makes sense now lol
So you're the one who choreographed Justins sexy dance to boyfriend? Omg THANK YOU so much! And for the hip thrust too ;) lol
Excited. Thanks.
Don't forget! Milwaukee Likemind & SMCMilwaukee present this Fri morning at 7:00! It's early, but its worthy....
I went out with this guy this weekend, and we saw a movie. He was a bit boring though :C
and you need to tweet this why?
Looks like he's showerered and cleaned up. unless, he's showering at truck stops.
OMG i had the best DAY !!! Went on the Big Drop at the Fair #Yolo!
Tire on my SUV came apart at 70 mph. Vehicle packed full of music gear, spare tire beneath gear. Back on road in 25 mins. Ha!
Great seeing San Diego's own last night. Glad you enjoyed the !
Spurs are the best team in the NBA, because of their overall depth, but they alsohave big time stars, and plenty of playoff experience.
Lowkey It Feel Like We Go Out in It Seems like it .....
I miss u
Would love a report! RT : Headed to morning workshop on effectively utilizing #TDMLs as tool to stop trash. #RiverRally 2012
Awesome! Have a safe and fun trip. Tell Ashley congrats again for me.
Happy birthday!
A lot positives on Dave's acceptance speech too! RT : I will admit very few negative comments on The Foo.
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
Poor Memphis.
come east, sir. I'd love to hang out sometime in the forseeable future.
Patience is a talent.
LOL aren't you supposed to be in bed, old man? :)
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity. ~Walt Whitman
My dreams: 1. go to Austin's concert. 2. Meet Austin. 3. Hug Austin. :$. I hope they come true ♥
Yes,but good intentions don't go unnoticed.If I'm giving you repeated chances & you're not making an effort its frustrating
😉 why is your Avi of Aniesha?
all we have to do is just have the tickets in our hands❤❤❤❤
great to see u today, chk ur email when u get chance, john
I think those little white hankies that the fans are waving are surrender flags.
I Need People For My IB love story .
Seen Kanye West tonight out at the "T" clean Bentley and all.... Amazing experience
Today is your starting point for a Great tomorrow! Coach Terry Harris
Can't wait to hear with tonight!
I coulda swore I saw your cousin the other day flying through Miami? Said he won a sales contest and was going to Cancun
How many people have attended a trade show in the summer months?
Write for the chunk, not for the page. -
Today is bryans birthday! Wish him a great one! And kingsport show wed night! Get stoked!
are you a part of this?? : Why are these people chanting "we are Marquette" at the brewers game? Sit your ass down
You're never in a good mood..
Q1: grey lenses are best
- Hey Hunter, who was lucky number 9000 on Friday. Looked like it might be me, but sometimes hard to tell on Twitter!
i love watching make over shows
Hey there thanks for the follow. I watched the Study trailer, looking good. Curious, what'd you shoot Study with?
ill will donate 75 cent to ya Ryan.
My live album comes out in two weeks! Wait, I don't have a live album. Nevermind.
Jalal al-Din Rumi ... that would be TOO cool if you were writing a column about him.
"If your work looks like everyone else's, you will get less of the work" so says Allegra Wilde
Baby who u trynna fool?
One loves it, one, eh, not so much, haha. But they are both smart, lovely and sweet :) I'm a very lucky woman.
Lol, Love you too boo (:
Strangely non-painful experience at motor vehicle bureau today. Not quite sure what to do.
- - alright, this is my 2000th #Tweet!! Holla. Hard to believe that I just started using this thing last July.
Lol, you better hurry up! I'm sure their moms will be calling them in soon so their grilled cheese doesn't get cold.
so much wonderful technology!! @
RT : THOUGHT FOR TODAY: "In a competitive environment, to remain the same is to regress." -Bill Parcells
haha, my bad. I'm glad I've known for since the freaking 4th grade.
“: Go #bulls. --Hoist a local beer for the game! Goose Summertime is still Chicago-brewed, , or fresh Zombie Dust!”
Broncos in the playoffs .... easy first round for the steelers.
Bittersweet- the home I grew up in Abilene is now on the market. Memories & stories that will never be erased.
don't chase these hoes they'll take your money and spend it with another nigga🙅
Good start for #Cotto I would say
Never. Why would you even suggest such a thing?
Dallas and lakers I take neither.
For a second, I thought Boehner was Ron Swanson from Parks & Rec.
i did girl
Friday poll question: How do you handle toddler tantrums?
He's either looking for hats for his bats or is being brought back on to save 24
TIME TO CLOSE THE DOOR... LET'S GO SEND THESE BUMS FISHING...!!
Do you guys have any special Mother's Day projects that you're doing?
Wow, How jealous am I? MT: Tickets for our summer concert series with , and more are on sale now!
in little rock...he dont fuck wit me lol...have u heard of the graphic designer kid8?
Youve Madee The Greatest Music Video in the history of Music Videos.
thanks, glad to not see any hecklers in the crowd!
oh aiit so are yhu okaii and nice to meet yhu x
isn't that some new jack swing song? lol
Everyday is a busy day
Had an awesome production meeting today with Excited to reveal more soon...
those are the best kind of friends to have!
Still SO SUPER DUPER GEEKED about your news! Hope you slept a wee wink last night :)
's A Minor Bird- listened all during wedding week, through honeymoon, and now while setting up home. will forever mark this time!
“ Retweet if you've ever dropped your phone and tried to catch it with your foot and ended up just kicking it across the room.”
My boyfriend is look real sexy today 😏
And go #Orioles! But you know that.
Behind every intelligent woman are all the L I E S she heard that made her smarter.
Exactly. I hate that.
Woke up & realized #playoff loss wasn't just a bad dream...oh well there's
Your EVIL! for eating spongebobs house. And leaving him homeless. Not cool bro not cool! :/
Freakn angel,hes hella stupid lol.Man i didnt no all of them missed me this week.
Another great DRC. I've got a lot to think about--the mark of a good meeting. Well done everyone.
dnt let this happen again lol
Do U think JB..will come to middle east ??
If you remember and can help me out with that screen I would ever so appreciate it
People we are thankful for: awesome actor and associate producer
so coach, we're all in suspense. Who won?
hahah o man. I didn't even think of that. I might just have to hover and aim 
Site "What the Trend" lists hashtags in use to help you find a group of people having similar conversations on Twitter,
inderp. Due today.
I can't believe I gave out all of my business cards at ! Such an amazing two days! I can't wait for next year!
for english or hebrew campaigns? Two totally different things- but both done out of
Hocus Pocus. Childhood fave. Such a great way to end October!
To early..
LOL yes! RT : I think you should reward yourself with a snack + tea :)
That wouldn't fit in my lenten discipline. Enjoy
Yeah, I just had a very rude awakening. My parents better not even look slightly in my direction at this point lol.
lol that's great!
:) are you coming to Punk Rock Bowling?
I bought Skechers shape-ups and my dick is no skinnier than it used to be.
Love my friends- "It’s the shit upon which Disney channel was founded."
#lifevineworks thanks for following :)
“Love is like a spiritual gift that starts in the mind and finds its way through the heart center to physical expression.”―Allan Lokos
Philadelphia bound ...
The other 2 make up for it just fine, thank you.
My superiors have told me this will be the Tweetup of all Tweetups. I am working on codes for this operation. There must be no infiltrators.
Heading to Lexington to talk to students about the challenges facing public libraries. No shortage of potential topics.
of course anytime :)
I think it was 8102.
Nice! Try adding some basil. Best with swiss or gouda though.
Watching the Chicago Marathon from my balcony is cool...but if there were bulls chasing the runners it'd definitely be more entertaining.
Make some more room in that purse for money by going digital on those flashcards.
I'm thinking of getting it tonight from Viviani's Catering (where I got those Italian steaks). Carry out only. Interested?
Where are we going? RT #teamburnham Who's ready to go? #letsskidoosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'd rather not be woken up by a blaring episode of Prison Break
Mr Boehner & GOP need to listen to Warren Buffett and allow the super rich to pay their fair share. History supports this!!!
killing off ten #apps you've never heard of. Oh Yahoo...
good seeing you briefly. hopefully next time will catch your tunes.
Going to see dress rehearsal event tonight launching her world tour
Just finished a radio interview with WCLO about the upcoming release of my story on Occupy in WI for Look for the story on Sun
same:( he even told me he was going to.
#LifeWouldBeBetter if everyone would make music instead of anger!!!
@ perry, this time I read it and thought examination, inquiry, scrutiny, and research
A5: Much like we do for most students w/ some IT skill. Focus on critical thinking; appreciative use; and skill building.
yeah I do. ;D
My good support experience with Jawbone ended today. Really bad. I've requested a complete refund for the two UP devices we bought!
lol I got them son....
that's not you
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 7
BUILD IT!!
Wondering if I can fall back into being intrigued by twitter.
The lord blesses us in so many ways, it just may take a little bit to figure out all the bad that he really can turn around for good!
Going to see the Avengers finally (:
Congrats in advance!
tell us!
Romulan - Sold Out
I'm sleeping in oomf T shirt tonight
#Typeyournamewithoutvowels if Y's a vowel then: Dln If not then: Dyln
i can finally spell your last name by heart, omg.
RT : RT : Irregardless of what y'all may think, impactful is totally a word ;-)
The Making of a Multimillionaire Luxury Travel Mogul (Video) In 'Trep Talk, David Mendal shares how he turned a tiny travel agency into a
#FF Thanks for following me this week, I look forward to talking with you.
BROWN JERSEY? That's for the Cleveland Browns...we're hard core black! I like the white jersey idea, tho!
follow me so i can dm you
perfect Friday night daddy date. Enjoy Dean.
Injuries 2 the HEAT? Uh oh GOD got a plan 4 I think the SPURS gon have injuries 2 I wonder if GOD told 2 go 2 OKC??
Common sense isn't all that common.
/ I will get it taken care of! I just got registered on the site.
Phoggy Wisdom: Red Brains, Blue Brains: Republicans Are Stupid ...
Brad, "coward" is off. Have you or a loved one ever experienced clinical depression? Not as simple as you say. Not even close.
Christmas movie tickets on sale now
Thank you for the follow and
You don't like me? Oh, that's cool. I don't wake up every morning just to please you.
We are now serving Chocolate cheesecake! We will let you know as soon as we put the Raspberry, Orange and Watermelon in as well!
“: #HowAboutWe stop pretending and just be together.”
look at the sprint phones
Thanks for volunteering! Our PALs are amazing! :)
Oral gets you 16 points? What does full on anal get ya?
explaining patch process for #kohails at non-tech level.
• Who's on your mug?
Me too =) hopefully with the summer they will want a little sleeze in there shop!! heres hoping! haha
#idontcarewhatpeoplethink at all...
To keep the body in good health is a duty...otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. - Buddha
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way, and not to give others absurd maddening claims upon it.
Today's Legal Tip: Interview Questions that are not allowed: are you married? planning to get married? have ?children
Caught a great improve show over the weekend at UCB...Sentimental Lady was the name of the troupe...a guy named Alex Berg was standout!
thanks to for an amazing concert in the atl last night. you guys rocked.
yea it was awsum... I jus got out of cirque du soleil & it was amazn... i scare germs away da next time i c u i ll yell ...
We the people! Get to the polls today and make your voice count.
#Recovery is a whole series of storms, storms that help to sprout new growth; storms that flush clean our own clogged drains. -Karen Casey
No offense but I'm ready for Coachella to be done, seems like its been going on for a year.
Ft. Worth Home and Garden Market opens Jan 29!! Don't Miss out,FIRST 500 TO ARRIVE GET A FREE "GOODIE BAG" w/ coupons, IPODs, cameras & More
I'm not going to look re: Dana Loesch b/c so far the day's been peaceful. O.K. I may look later.
hahah shudduppp c: lololol. i have to edit it!
Good morning, Crown Point!
& everyone else on Godin book kerfuffle: the platform-ization of books sucks. Period.
Time is Money if your not there you aren't making any
Yes! is following us! Sorry, Mr. Copperfield, you're actually follower No. 101. But you're still No.1 to us!
Faith - Not having to see the whole staircase to take the first step.
Got it, looking at everything right now. Also, you should connect with 's looking for an internship-can u help?
Love your song "spelled it Out" lyrics are just Beautiful thank you for your contribution
Aye DM me numbers. 1 = I want a relationship. 2 = I like you. 3 = your cute. 4 = We need to talk more. 5 = you're a good friend.
did u go to the doctor?
And then there was one :/
Woke up with a serious case of the Mondays and judging by the tweets, a whole lot of others did too.
Do you realise how much us Mahomies appreciate you<3
I'da DMed you, but you aren't following, so not allowed.
Finally buying prom tickets.
Well hello stranger .
What have you snacked on today?
hell ya its been a while ready for a good city darty sesh
Dear nows your time to follow your biggest fan (;
do you think i should get pizza. i am considering it, but i just took a nap.
great shot! love that town.
Last night of !
I know I won't get noticed from u,but without u,there wouldn't be a 1D.Your a great addition&you should know that.iloveyou<3
Glad that you had a great time last night- very good to see you again!
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Both LA teams closed.
FLY LOUNGE!!!!
Just announced Michael Finley to endow an athletic scholarship at UW. Thank you A great #badgers legend!
You are welcome!!
iThink I'm ready for a phone with buttons .
I love the people in my life. Thanks for all the support guys!
We have a great live show on tonight check us out!!
"If you build it, they will come and go"
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 303
Leadership - What you cannot enforce / Do not command.
50% off pitchers of sangria TONIGHT!!!
Warning accepted :)
As da world turn watch my kush burn
Had a blast last night !!
Congratulations to the ALCS Champions, the ! We're glad to see them headed back to the World Series!
Anytime! Thanks for following
TRIVIA TUESDAY on Border W/Ben Mendoza,, Robert Vasquez, Rudy Loya. Tomorrow THERESA CABALLERO! Best shoes on campaign trail
I Never Wished On A Star When A Star Aint Got Nothin On Me.
"Never Google your name."
There's much more to this story <3
Finding 27 bucks in my old purse
Sleep caught hold of me & wouldnt let go. Oh well sleep all day up all night
do you live with Ian in the same house??
USA put into the scrum 5 meters from their own try line
This guy in my class has to be a mole, just trying to throw everyone off
I miss my original home,BRASIL;/ I came here when I was only 7 years old... and its been already 7 years... I love it here but i miss brasil
Gary Churchill from Jackson lab spoke about using the 100k genotyping array to study genetic variation in commonly used mouse strains
I wish Raul could go with me ._.
Crazy day! Rescued the bulldog from falling in the pool, left iPhone on top of the car as Xavier drove around with it...LOL!
Hmm Flordia for spring break by myself....
Used to read The Wasteland to his kids for bedtime. Kids need to know.
more tracks
When a guy actually carries the conversation >>>
Can I get a WOOT WOOT!!!
listening to at liberty entrepreneur event "Barry gets ur business unstuck"
Nice piece/ ideas, but there were 10.4m streams, not viewers. More like 1-2m viewers. <$10/ year is a good target though.
Tune in at 11:45...We're going live to watch the Discovery's last landing at KSC.
RT "HTML5. You keep using this word, but I do not think its means what you think it means."
I had not seen them. I'm following now! Are you following 's boards?
-a man is a man; not GOD nor Satan.. stop giving these men so much drama.. give 'em more life & less attitude..
Maybe it's not Brooks Conrad... MT - trying Taylor Green at 1B in A, to see if he can take over for hurt Mat Gamel.
yes, please do! also, please include your full name! thank you so much!!! <3
Hey All A Message To You All: I normally would like to take mail at or Thank you
I'm proud of you :-) What city you in
I think I'm going to turn off my bedroom light before my kids do.
"Would you rather be underpaid or overrated?"
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. Henry Ward Beecher
#Becauseitsfriday I'm gonna watch the last episode of Glee and eat cookies.
Who's ready for some football?!
An everyday ritual for me! Lol! “: I let my hunger level reach a 10 and there's no food in the house. #fail”
Come on, there has got to be at least one business like show business
Palindrome of the day: "No, Mel Gibson is a casino's big lemon." #learning (same letters front and back!)
Wow... The #Yankees have made their biggest comeback at Fenway since 1987 ~ swishing my tail & cracking open the acorns!
We have extended the early bird discount ($50 off tuition!) for Ladies Rock Camp applications to January 12th! LRC is Feb. 18-20th 2011!
What kind of plans do you have for the weekend?
I love it when you fight. Fight Night in Vegas is off the chain.
Every time someone uses the #SXSW hashtag a new location based app is released.
Dear niall horan , i would like a shirtless picture. Love, brielle schmidt.
Yeah, she's pretty great...
Holy absolute FUDGE! (only I didn't say fudge)!!
It's so peaceful in the Hollywood Hills! Love training clients there!!
Just returned from Nashville. Had a wonderful time
Hands down, I'm too proud for lovee
Thou shalt question everything; nothing is above challenge.
Looking for Speaks on Cloud Computing for our next meeting April 25th at Northwoods Software Company
You can cry tears of happiness, but not laugh in the face of sadness.
love it.
DC Public Affairs + Communications Jobs: Just Steer Clear of the ...
FREE Scooter Rental Challenge in the works.......STAY TUNED! www.buenavistascooters.com
I probably can! What kind of food you looking for?
#TeamAaliyah There will be another Aaliyah remix finished tomorrow!
Lol who watches korra this late at night? (x
I should take the day off tomorrow! I got some personal and vacation time to use!!!
The Lord is way to good for me to walk away now. my blessing is in my praise.
Ugh so sad I forgot my tea :(
Out to dinner with the fam :*
who switched today?
done and done. Looking forward to it.
We are young!!
Reading so many books again, including Pilgrim at Tinker Creek. "The woods were as restless as birds."
Word. RT Cherry Blossom 10 miler this morning! and I are going to kill it!
We can't cover the sun with our 👆
I think it said chilkoot Charlie's? Which is weird.. But I wasn't really looking
gonna get a hundo on the firefighters test on saturday
yeaa pretty but i couldnt go to school i'm sick :(
RT : You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
Remember when the beefy five layer burrito was only 83 cents? Now it's 1.29.
Move from NY to Columbus Ohio
More useful than the poorly calculated table is the ensuing discussion in the comments section.
Well the Kings would be nice. Cousins and Evans are legit. Crossing my fingers this happens asap. Still not over losing Durant.
ha thanks :D
I hate not bein in control, ion no why
Mancini has praised Tevez for his improved attitude and fitness and the two appears to be back on good terms. [Goal]
Starting tomorrow
this semester couldnt get any worse as far as my personal life.. im just glad granny is gonna be ok..
it's a song lol
My chest hurts. >_>
hair cut swagg
WI Twitter friends, does your local grocery store sell the reusable bags like the red ones found at Target? 2ndly, are they Packers/Brewers?
are they moving?
Don’t waste your time on a guy that isn’t willing to waste his time on you.
so turns out i've been tweeting at epdavis sometimes
Good programmers write solid code, great programmers use code written by good programmers :P
so nervous already! But it'll be fun first time in 11 years since an audition. Only been singing for church.
I'm writing a reasearch paper and whats up with you.
The Heat is only team left in the East that I could pull for. I'm #TeamThunder until they're out though.
wish I could retweet this one! Awesome!
TY for the kind mention
presenters said yes, data exports to excel
Yeah but he also knows that it doesnt work well....
Get out of the way, take care of yourself, and allow problems to resolve on their own.
“: Beastie boy mix on right now! Listening to it for the 2nd time today.”
penis, purse dog, hair extensions... pick 2 out of 3.
SO proud of YOU! Remember that most of this is mental. I know you will do an amazing run for freedom. Very cool.
where's the pic of bradlee?
Jersey shore got their Vinny back, now the boyz need to get their Vinny back
Thanks Rachel! This actually (hopefully) part of the process. I've found that if you dig deep anywhere you get mixed signals!
Find ways to constantly be emotionally close to each other. Take walks, actively listen- make each other your #1 priority.
? I was just responding to your tweet about burying treats in a sand-filled pool but covering it so roaming cats don't use it
M.I.A. really showcases the importance of girls to wear chains. I should wear mine out more often.
thank you we will be on iTunes next week!
is listening to sing Bird Without Wings!! Can't believe it has been 4 years!! :-D
he is a fuckin killer Who took lil girl n slave them to have sex n take boys to be in his army n make the kids kill there parents
does having to work harder than most people doing the same "job" make me admirably persistent, or stupid? :P
She can have black bean burgers with us. :-). RT : Hey ! U coming 2 UNC game 2moro. Come tailgate with us!
Im trying to find it but i cant D;
-- I'll take a look at the app. Thanks for the reference and for tweeting #CCTC&C today!
You the kinda girl that makes me feel good (:
don't quit music love <3 it's break my heart forever </3 fuck the haters. It's your life. Do what makes YOU happy. <3
Welcome to Twitter! Now add a pic and tweet something :)
Thanks for the RT!
Blaise knows me so well..i luv this dog..so glad she chose me for her mother
So glad it wasnt canceled RT : Yay!!! It's #Parenthood time!!
np You folks are awesome!
White girls on the come up lmao
Talking to about the new music video that just did is making me #losecontrol.Lets all just #losecontrol party
Come on by!
sounds like fun. Im just listening to music.
I like, don't tweet anymore.
World Aids Day 2day :) i wore my ribbon <3
#ThingsIwantTheMost Universal Healthcare for all Americans who want it. This should be a basic human right, and not a privilege.
no shit I did bad because you was crunching away
Carltons got swag
i think the vip gonna b on sale toma cause my mom was online at 10am and VIP was showing up
"Anyone who is among the living has hope--even a live dog is better off than a dead lion!" - Ecclesiastes 9:4
just hit the stage at August Wilson Center and I'm hungry!!
who's seeing/saw in concert?! i'm going on december 13th! :D
One day till show? Check Having to spend all day getting ready? Check Nervous? Double Check!!! Can't believe it's so close! Excited! =) <3
that wish for an endless night
I love my Mavs. I dunno how people can hate on them! They're above and beyond amazing
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30-5:30. Curious about this League game that's taken the library by storm? Here's your chance to join in!
Now presenting at #afcpicma, former Etsy CEO on Digital Disruption.
Doubled my following in 24hrs! If you know me you know I'm random so this is the perfect medium. Follow if you will, but you were warned...
Best hug-a-thon ever.
Cool Stevie call any time.
Right back atcha!
Ice cream dlu ah.
im ok didnt sleep well tho x
yeah that was jus the one company. Im gonna look more tomaro ill keep u posted
Audiences gain responsibility for institutions through mobile platforms. "Not just in a pocket, but in peoples' hands."
And one the bright side I have good friends....and you now not having me as a friend have no one
How come RTW doesn't take 18 months to implement, like a smoking ban? Must be an easier adjustment than ashtray removal.
No Joshua should had stayed this why I dont watch #idol no more and its #greyanatomy time
that is freakin
Interesting. The latest #WordPress trunk I just pulled down includes yet another Admin bar. Are they planning on absorbing #BuddyPress, too?
#happy <3 day tweet peeps!
same for us. Apparently overdeveloping is a waste of time + resources but then they get mad when we don't have back ups...?
Procrastination technique 4,276: called my bro's family. Niece said she's too busy to talk now-but don't call her later-she'll call me.
At home what to do. Pretty bored but at least with my wife
RCS is taking over the air waves!
How do we reduce the affects of harmful toxins in our food? Do we have to worry as much about what it does to our bodies?
Being prodded to tweet and blog again...not a bad thing :)
Never, ever fly out of Newark. Walk if necessary
Rotary Fireside Chat at our place tonight! Welcome Point West Rotarians!
Goin for the sweep tonight with a win in rummy
I'm bored and apparently so izz twitter somebody talk to me please😁
Goosebumps up in the booth. the fans are bringing it today! Let's get all 3 points boys.
Apparently I'm too optimistic when it comes to companies and the world
at Jazz at the Bistro this weekend. Who'll be checking it out?
Kreider does it again!
It's great that Monday is finally over. Unfortunately tomorrow will only be Tuesday...
LMNS: Check out, , a sample sponsor of LMNS. A magazine that embraces the journey of womanhood....
Happy Tuesday! It's definitely lunch time at Kuko's!
Just picked up Mama J from the airport. YAY!
At UCSD Institute of the Americas for conversation w/ US Ambassador to the Philippines Harry K. Thomas Jr.
National Puppy Day?! YES.
my phone wont stop RINNGGINNNGGGGG
Fuck this phone
today at 9 lol :) im excited
So did little girls. My mom still has her cap guns.
only in the south.
We look forward to welcoming you guys before you head to Austin for
When this is over they are all going to fly home to Planet Gridiron where they will feed on the broken dreams of Patriots fans
Yes I go to school I'm still in high school I graduate next year n I live in UK (united kingdom), London how about u
Interested in #publishing a #photo story on my May #adventure to #India? Let's talk! Amazing photos are waiting to be snapped & published!
Great practice last night for our show tonight at Plush. SO excited! #SuzieCue, #SheilaShahpari, and tonight!
Drinking some Mexican coffee from Union Majomut, a co-op in the Chiapas region of Mexico. Very very nice cup.
If you act like a boy & you think you a boy , why do you act so damn bitchy , lol
oh it's no big deal or anything hehehe ☺
thanks :D
Good morning all!!! It's officially Little 5 week. Enjoy the spoils of BTown!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else. <3
By contrast, something smells like chili and it could LITERALLY be anything.
Today I am feeling especially thankful for allergy medicine.
Here in Israel to perform at the Jazz international Ashdod w Orchestra. Cool people.
Send me your music.
Might be worth talking to an insurance broker; if you know any freelancers, they might could recommend
Students must learn how to have healthy discussions and it is the teacher who can provide a safe atmosphere for 2 sides of the story
is whack for leaving me bogus like that!!! lol. its coo tho. :p
" The true measure of a man is not of material possessions but of whether he keeps his word and honor as a man. "
i know! I bet Asheville is in the streets!!
i want you to do a following spree too! ;D
thanks for always rting me (:
you were missed. Next time we'll get Zwan to play
and I just watched the most hilarious video of you Thanks for the entertainment and I wish you could join us tonight
Be bold and put a cover on your phone that shows your faith! Only $10 and $1 of every cover goes to local churches and ministries.
Mitt Romney knows how to create jobs like John McCain knows how to win wars. Both never did what they profess to know how to do.
Congrats! Where at cuz I need a new one too lol
Wow 10 tweets till my 52k
Welp, ill be at the game friday.
ur gift is the unique, collectiv combo of natural talent, traits & curiosity. ur purpose is 2 share THE BEST OF WHO U ARE w/ those around u!
Washington asks that soldiers return their tents when moving into their barracks for the winter. The Qt. Master Gen. will wash and mend them
Thanks, we hope to be resource in the months to come, let us know what issues interest you!
I'm in a hospital with pain, not sickness - to clarify. They ARE different. And I don't like being dotted on. But welcome visitors!
Thank you for the follow!
A paradox a day keeps the time traveller away
Job hunting is like having a full-time job minus the pay!
BURNED (Lens on Talent) airs on BET tonight at 11 pm EST! Check your local listings if you live in LA. #burnedthefilm www.burnedthefilm.com
Nyjer Morgan keeps the bat on his shoulder and watches strike 3 go by.
pretty neat Gaawy.
So sad to hear about my friend's boxer passing away today. Had to give Vegas an extra hug and treat today.
ah!!!!!! Can't wait for California sun! Just in time too. Winter is about to finally hit Northern Indiana!
Me thinks the upstairs neighbours must be athletes. Thud, thud, thud, thud, thud, thud, pause, THUMP! They seem to be practicing long-jump.
have to make the game to gave some fun!
To handle my endeavors duh lol
thank u
At work ready to get off...aghhhh
get it brother keep the good work up
Love Tom Sleigh's poetry so shout it out! Thx Nathan for tweeting out.
it must be. Im over it.
Just beat my daddy in chess.
I just realized that the "Chris brown" on my wall is missing the last two letters. Lol need more stickers
heading out to a haegerstown, MD gig then it's back 2 the studio 2 get at some tunes. Back in the swing of things after my vacation.BOOM!!
na it was not bad...they thought it was funny that you said you would
Yay! Congrats! I knew you were going to get it! =D
This has been on hell of a game Preds-hawks the Preds need to close this out though
Justins photo shoot was too sexy for my ovaries.
You rawk, Tankmeister! Best of luck in Arizona. Bring a streak back to S.A.!
Thanks for shopping! Hope you scored some awesome gear!
Imagine a poll or live vote from a constituency for every legislative decision that happends in the United States, representatives informed
lol I think they did....
I want to talk to babe about this right now . But, he's sleeping and, I'm not going to wake him up . 😱
Rowan is fucking stupid he said "did Abraham Lincoln free the slaves?" lmfaoooooo
congrats on becoming a paid regular
Can't decide to get bangs or no bangs!?! Aghhh
Hello from SoCal, and thanks for your warm welcome from the Bahamas! We look forward to tweeting with you!
gunners rule too
RT : Mariano Rivera is being carted off the field with a right knee injury suffered during batting practice
Kevin Gregg loves danger.
When you hear and song from guitar hero on the radio and just blurt out GUITAR HERO
please follow he was my vocals teacher. thank you for the support
Thanks everyone who rode a Party Bus for another successful weekend! Make your next event a success by scheduling a Party Bus now! 447-2446
The first lifting group really got after it today. Let's see if the later group can keep the same intensity level as the first group.
If you lay down with #dogs... you'll wake up with #fleas. wait for a good man to come.
The reason why Purchasing for Low-priced Auto Portions On the ...
Celebrate the people you love everyday not just today. Happy v day
Stop with all the copycat photos, women! I mean, unless we all do it...no, let's just stop.
u were teasing us before and now u showed us the #BELIEVEalbumCover and its just teasing us even more! i want the damn cd now!
I don't want to move. He is gonna be closer to me but farther from me. I don't care if he's closer to me he need his friends.
I'm about to cross the Mexican border but I'm so nervous because I don't drink tequila. How am I gonna have fun on the other side?
Its quite upsetting that all the 7th graders in my school act like they're in 10th. We are growing up too fast.
Lots of interesting and good-looking people at iccreatives.us
: don't know what the hell im doing or how it work
#OKC is the coolest place ever!
we need Chris hands down he Is a big part of our team
YES !!!! About to rock out !!! ": Yay! Me and are going to Birthday Bash in June!"
“: U wanna win hang amongst winners”/!!!
Oh....wait a minute...." I have LOTS of "black" friends!!! Yea...right!
hi im in science class and i snuck on to see if you were on and LOOK you are online!!!! yayyy<3 you made my day=)
come to portland!!
YEAH! Growing the health care and medical equipment manufacturing sectors, FTW!
#avenge #avenges #avenged #have avenged #was avenging #shall avenge
So I just realized only 10 more days of school left and then its summer ☀
Uncle Sam! Did u pay or get paid? Either way Happy Hour at Fresh could fill the belly!
Silly hoes I swear!
Thank you! : #FF big shout out to this people !!!
Multi-nat'l corps i.e. #ExxonMobile, have no allegiance to any country They rape resources, earn World historic profits/control world energy
who is he
were they close because it was late? or did you eat something? did it smell good outside? tell me anything you can.
phooey are u blocking me?? hope nt
“: 'If only closed minds came with closed mouths'”
So hungry
Need my lakers to step up and do they job
omg o am gonna practice but it's gonna take me a year lol
#mlanet12 ToDo list: Move docs to cloud, test G+, buy iPad, pack MIS brains, order #drinkingsig shirt,
": Gypsy Healers is covering "Sober" by TOOL is SO epic right now! #CapitalAleHouse #RVA"
TMRW NITE is DJs in the PJs PAJAMA PARTY!!! will be awarding #prizes in our #SEXIEST PJs contest - Doors at 9
What is up with 5th graders dying their hair and wearing slutty clothes. When I was in 5th grade I thought my light up shoes were cool.
where are your seats at are you going today?
That just made me really happy=)
Use The Smile To Change The World, Don't Let The World Change Your Smile ツ
have a happy weekend everyone
So sleeeepppyy. 2 glasses of wine and can't wake up the next morning!
I can't believe he missed it!!
2-1 Galaxy. 83rd. Timbers "D" yields another late match goal.
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Obama Obama Obama THE DREAM : Of giving billions to those who already had billions leaving other Americans wondering WTF MAN? BILDERBERG
Hello World :) i love Twitter and you ?
let's go!
Nothing is more annoying than the new Aflac commercial. I have never been so tempted to ring a ducks neck before in my life.
Sorry, sweatshop game
A new artist I have loved for a long time. I dig it when the #Grammys get it right.
Hurt my feelings...rate me :)
RT : Qwrap) Time to reintroduce yourself. Links, requests & shameless plugs welcome, too.
hey Ashley! It's my birthday! :D
Don't allow yourself to wake up with yesterday's issues on your mind. Refuse to live backwards. See everyday as a step toward your success!
me either hide and seek with the babies lol idk
It was an amazing show. Intelligent. Creative. I miss it.
I'm quoting my dude...
yup seriously;) i do too haha but its nice wen somone does it for ya;D
nice work! Would love to read more about what you learned from people's feedback.
Thanks for the love Lawyers never get to write like that!
I'm rooting for Kyle, Arie and Alejandro..
George Clooney and his father were just arrested while protesting outside the Sudan embassy. CNN: "guy in T-shirt" is his dad.
Very entertaining listening to everyone speculate about what's going to happen w our flight - we have some experts here folks
Our Family Olive Oil Direct from Laconia, Greece. Will be here on 12/27/11 Just in time for the NEW YEAR!!!!!
everyone's talking about you on Stickam haha
Ground wave on 10M was very good this morning but now that it is 2:30pm the band has died.
Hey that's great that you sold your first pattern, Congratulations.
I can't find Kelly! I want to hang with both of you next week!!!! p.s.- Gigi's cupcakes are the cupcakes of my dreams
Definitely me!!
Yes! It's already time for end of year list?!
Celts announcer just said offensive rebounder was "unmolested" on the putback.
very funny there was no Queen Katrina of The Netherlands
quite good I might say...how's school dude?
Finally finished reading It was a wonderful read and I highly recommend it! Now it is on to reading "Glory Revealed."
Got study for the MCAT, you're giving me a migraine!
Greensboro.NC
Just go to solopiano.com and sign up as an artist...let me know what you think:)!
and my daddy said stay await from juliet!
welcome back!
im bout to slam one of this kids
People that text ghetto, I hate that! Is it so wrong to use capitalization and periods where they are needed. #JustSaying!!!!
Obama says US is drill-baby-drilling already. "I guess we could try to have 200 oil rigs in the middle of Chesapeake Bay."
Except, say, i. Or e.
'Dark Knight Rises' Production Kicks Off With First Official Photo
lol I'll show you the video I'm talkin bout tommorow
I'm done for tonight. But its gloves off for the next 27 days.
So do you do open mic, emcee, record?
w.e. man we think of something lol
Did you see it ? I thought it kicked ass!!!
I really need a pick me up. Here's to hoping my Say Anything stuff gets here tomorrow.
Harry is mine 😜
PasoFino will be at Alexandria tonight!!!! Sasha and Christine just made it to Miami... It will be a good night!
are you serious. I thought we were gonna skate today
Knicks should've traded Lin when he had superstar value. Oh well.
Gifts and talents come from God. Give Him praise.
Where would you want a new ATM in Georgetown (on or off campus)?
Paul is such a flopping bitch
The #RedSox have won three in a row! It's a holiday miracle.
How are the holidays treating you? Have you had any special moment?
Going golfing.
suprised u have any heart left after braun tore mine out
What the hell just happened.
Threw 119'8" in hammer and an old lady at Marion's Pizza said I was very handsome.
I have no idea. They all deserted me. -shrugs- But whatever. I can find new friends.
Morning Sex Is Cool
"Texas is a state of mind. Texas is an obsession. Above all, Texas is a nation in every sense of the world." - John Steinbeck
Enjoying software developer humor at
thanks for the follow, we were getting worried you didn't love the KG team! ;) We didn't want to have a Kung Fu Walk Off!!!
Netflix app for Android #please and #thankyou 6 more days to release of JenoLo Clothing..long time coming but worth the wait
The Texas Rebates have run out unfortunately , but Kewl Aire will still offer discounts
Haha camping. What a success!!!!!
Thanks to our wonderful resident, Nancy DellaMaddalena, for her delicious gift! Can't wait to dig in! :)
RT : Every second, 2000 Draw Something pictures are created. There have been 3 billion since they launched a few weeks ago.
BTW, Tuesday meeting with Sven our composer was amazing! This guy really has the touch. Wow!
Diving into alt format novels this week. Scrapbook of Frankie Pratt: lovely, lite, but too twee. Wished she'd cited the scraps.
lol Jack playing with the buttons.
We work from home. We put a sign out saying, "Don't disturb us" (for door-2-door evangelists, kids selling candy, etc.). Rude? Too bad.
watching beauty and the beast is always a good idea
any way to get a shout-out on Live @ 7 tomorrow for PHAME show at Aladdin Theater happening tomorrow night? Thx!! :)
Saw daughters said I remind them character lets just say I did alot of reflecting after :-)
good grief! call me a snob, but "the prayer" is NOT opera.
Go Giants!
Austin's best #HappyHour? Come by and see what you think. 5-7 today!
New coach in 2013 then. And MARTZ? NO RT : #Bears announce no other changes will be made. Lovie Smith to be coach in 2012.
Calendar of Events now available on Facebook-Grand Haven ArtWalk
Please like on Facebook! You will see her as she travels 10 cities changing lives through her new book, #THEDRAMAYEARS!
It's a cluster trying to get out of the valley :/
lol well I meant zbo and OJ or Rudy and OJ. I think we will keep the core intact and fill our needs, while bringing DA back
Learning French is painful. The process had to have been invented by Marquis de Sade.
Make Mobile Cent$ this holiday season
thank ya lady!
The Rocky theme song....are you kidding me? haha
RT : : "The poor communities on the planet are also the most innovative in using technology"
see you guys there! :)
Everyone knows Martin Luther King Jr streets are in the projects. #YouMad thats where you live
I might be a little to honest sometimes.
YUP! I feel like everyone is against the Celtics!
What are some reasons you guys love GLJ? Share them with us, then share them with all your followers!!
We apologize to everyone about this week's unusual change in office hours. We will resume regular hours beginning next week.
Lot of discussion regarding hdr making it too easy. In the end it's still the vision of the photog and how they use hdr.
yeah they do! Smh I hope they get what they deserve!
RT : Just saw a commercial for "Uncle Ben's Rice" (in my voice) and literally LOL'd hahaha!<<~~~~LMFAO!
Philadelphia Sports Network: Philadelphia Eagles 2012 NFL Draft ...
Spoiled and loving it!
The mobile site needs some improvement! The search bar is in the header.
I guess the reader that sent that in was hoping 2012 would include more Punk and Less Cena
We are working on the site over the next few days & excited to show you our completed new design soon!
I've had to pee since 2005....finally
RT : if your shit aint quality or sounds like garbage..you WILL STARVE..the streets won't bullshit you..the industry will tho
what a great night!!!
Headin to watch the #preds game with and mark. This should get pretty crazy!
Where Tf is Mrs.Right???
When I was little, I used to think the block of TGIF shows was much more hilarious than the restaurant. Now I think the exact opposite.
A high of 81?!? After a low of 40 something yesterday?!? Some one has to stop playing with the dimmer switch....
Fiesty. I never said you were. Who said I'm Korean?
2 people away from 2000 will I make it today? Lets hope
: Feel bad, want him to heal, but of course, I had kick ass seats... Major letdown.
Hip Hop ain't dead. it's in a coma for now.... But we are going to wake it up!!! Hip Hop Stand Up!!!! Pittsburgh On The RISE!!!!!
WOW look at the difference in iron in tomatoes and spinach!!
sups cute. Agreed!!! He likes her
lol. I understand
My mom and Boyfriend are more alike then they may think
Am I watching the All star game or some weird dance party
I love Daddy Dingus!<3<3
seriously, is it just me, or does The Ticket stream not work anymore?
that's not really how that works....... XD
Good luck on the GMAT test! What business schools are you considering?
Thinking about what to wear to Disneyland on Friday! HM decisions decisions
Just saw Kenny Rogers and Lionel on tv. They looked surprised
There was a time when I could get away with doing laundry once a week. Now I have three children . . .
Nnemkadi, Shekinna, Devereaux, Glory and Shenise: Who needs the hot weather when you've got the #WNBA Draft.
Lost Longoria, Lost Kemp, now it looks like I'll have lost Brett Lawrie. lmao, My team loses a player each week. Who hooo.
slydog ? uh no sir
damn I love words.
im thinking it could be a number things involving the cache setting. its probably inaccurate readings as well.i had this issue.
any plans for an android tablet app?
Very cool of you and others to do. And re: "mouse" not "moose", noted. We'll say it right next time. Thx for tuning in.
Big at-bat here for Nick Swisher with runners on the corners & 2 outs... Le'ts go Yankees!
yeah Justin please follow her :) she's a huge fan and she is really dedicated :)
i hate trying to get the blanket out from underneath you and falling off the bed
Happy Thursday Columbus!
People talk to me, nobody talk to me on here😞😥
A6: Be memorable by finding cross-departmental opportunities.
Ugh I wanna hammock in the oval like him
Hello November:)
no lol I hate mine lol
"They're looking for WR's." First smart thing these broadcasters have said today.
The positive campaign that I've been running continued into the debate Tuesday night. I urge everyone to watch the video when it's up.
#FreeCookieDay at Subway! I like this leap year thingy...
what did you have? I usually get the Tuscan Eggs. And their homemade donut holes are DREAMY!
is it just me, or can u kinda see a bit of justins... thing... In ur icon??? xD
can you follow me back por favor?
Those are cute pins! No, we're not on Pinterest. But we're interested to see how nonprofits are using it!
lol that song is addicting!..
": I have this vision of d. stern in a seinfeld episode going "no trade for you!!""
Thanks, we'll see how it goes...
I'm going to write songs to give to Frank Ocean to record where he tells me that we're best friends
We see an outdoor bar in our future. So nice out in NYC today!
In the bed don't feel good at all :(
Sent you guys an email about my order. I never got any info when i purchased a product off the website. Not even order #
I'll take my tortes and buttercream cookies to someone a little more open-minded.
Things that can't be measured have a don't get resourced, so ignore them all you want, I'll have fun spendin ur grant money ;)
carrying grudges till the end. TILL THE END!
Who’s ready to start the weekend NOW?! We’ve got The Imperial w/ special guest Molehill & A Common Engine tonight!
A 3am walk through the park, long convo and catch up... Nice night... Glad hes back around but now... everythings #fuckedup :/
fine fine. Lazy is the way to go lol
dude, I LOVED Simon!
"I know what you mean." translates as an intellectualization of what another means, but never total emotional comprehension.
Congratulations to Claire G.! Our winner of the free tee giveaway for April '12. Good luck to everyone who still hasn't won for next month.
Ballroom dance recital for Miss Megan! next stop...Dancing w the Stars!
But it's all good :)
And they should be. Another good, but not great year.
i knw u over there smilin
You know it's a good story when it starts with, "so this bitch.."
I would never ever ever ever steal shit from my boys . Niggas are fake
Hey! Solidarity in obscurity, my friend! Thanks.
I'm surrounded by hypebeasts that don't admit that they're hypebeasts... I see who you copying tho
“: I don't understand the FSU objection "these other teams suck but get paid like we do". It's like that in every conference.” This
RT : RT : You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -CS Lewis
Very funny. They do have some weather.
That last RT of mine is especially meant for all of our USF students graduating tomorrow.
FWIW, Hope you feel better soon :-(
It's PIE DAY! We have Pie Milkshakes! Come get one!
Peaches and cream
Watching the Giants vs. Eagle game...so unbusiness related, lol!
Looking forward to hearing your stuff.
You can't say no to the beauty and the beast (oh but which is which?)
i feel so fukin lost will u cum find me : /
When life gives you lemons, put those lemons in a sock and beat the shit outta life for being an asshole.
MalkinHasACupAConSmythAndAArtRoss #StLouisDivers Clean Hit by Cooke
getting up early means I get my laundry done first
RT : Always a pleasure my friend!☺
The plot of The Killing got a little squirrely Sunday when Linden entered the Land of Totem poles and the Indians appeared around her.
you know it jace its looks awesome and im a huge God of War fan i own all things god of war lol seems i need to add another item
Im Home alone for a week starting in the morning. Whadddupp.
He thinks the picture of us is cute ☺
Netflix has gone and added all kinds of classic albums videos to streaming... Last night Steely Dan. Up now, Rush 2112 and Moving Pictures.
period blood
Shout out to McDonald's!
Thanks guys!!
RT : RT : Will you be at the Landlord Expo at this Saturday, May 7th? The Crew Will Be!!
ICONIC Boyz in CHICAGO yES!!!!!!!!!! <3333
Can we say DOUCHEBAG
First written assignment graded. First plagiarizer caught. Sometimes I wonder if they listen to my "don't plagiarize" talk.
He should just do the show out there. RT : Nick Offerman's show has the most epic will-call line in history.
That didn't take long. RT : I DON'T STARE AT YOU WHEN YOU'RE TRYIN TO GET SOME GRUB, WHAT'S THE BIG WHOOP??!
I am living proof! Just be yourself and great things will happen. (Of course it helps if you have an ounce of talent)
you get any offers? or are you sticking with the UFL?
Thank u for your continued support RT : Music I've been enjoying this weekend
“Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.”
More than an hour later
what are they singing?
ik u from somewhere
Joepa is an old dude. No way he was up when they called.
What a babe!
I'm pretty sure that song is by Meatlove
I need refreshed!RT :When we are tired, the Lord can strengthen and refresh us. He will refresh our body and soul! (Isaiah 40:29)
that ALWAYS happens to me too!! Soo annoying...
That rain on Sunday did no good to anyone. It seems as if everyone is getting sick. Feel better!
Ooooookaaaaaay then. *prepares white coat*
I went to Universal yesterday and had SO much fun :D Especially the dancing that I started and Harry Potter world!
I have 14 followers on tumblr, im cool.
Day 3 of is over & we all thank everyone who came through today!
Join us on our S. Pearl Street or Boulder walking tours this afternoon, enjoying delicious tastes & ending in Happy Hour!
i so texted yesterday still no txt bizzack
He's a good defender too
Congrats to Nancy Lee from Jacksonville ISD! You won our Texas-theme giftbasket. Come by Booth 1814 to get your prize!
Thanks Marie! Would love to have you both! #twittermovie Have an awesome day! =D
Deputy Inspector Michael Deddo is new commanding officer's name. Was an executive officer in the 66th for a year.
Yes! Good season finale. And its definitely coming back next season! :-)
Local CBS affiliate isn't showing the men's final of the US Open. What a Djok.
you actually typed that.
#SurrogateMom obtains parenting time w/biological child. Let's hope all can now get along for
Please do we are going to be (re)furnishing the first floor soon. I'll let you know when I am ready to buy!
you just tweeted to a random daniel burgos, click his shit
Being sick is the
It would be so cool to wake up and have like 10,000 followers
Refs calling bull smh
So far, so good... but it has only been 10 hours. But I have a new company ready to roll out, so just diving in feet first.
Hornish's little girl is so cute!
Just left the fam in bama on my way back to the city ... It ain't nothing like having family around you
At work!!
Working in South Florida
o like that.
Thanks for the shout out!
im so glad im home>>>
If that ain't the truth! RT : Just did a little running and exercise. Miss being an athlete right now
I bring celebrities together!
is the game streaming on #tuneinradio for WNST? I'm poolside need to know!!
because we can make the enemy run and hold each other accountable.
Snack dragon tacos LES NYC
Thanks for the follow! I really admire your work and regularly check out your blog for inspiration. Keep up the great work!
hustle hard
Joan Osborne at City Winery ~ Concert Photos Magazine - Live ...
Sounded really good, actually! Mooring Moore in Bryn Mawr, or something similar...
but God is first and foremost an artist.
agreed. fits in nicely with their brand traits.
Interesting. I'll have to check that out. Thanks!
Awesome Quote, thanks for sharing:):)
Boys think of girls like books. If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't bother to read what's inside.
So, I guess I'm a Taurus now??? WTF?
shame the newbies can never handle it smh
Here's a question for our friends. In a sentence or two, describe what you believe is our social mission.
1940 Census launch at Ancestry - record traffic and press coverage
Does anyone know HD camcorder with easy to edit Final Cut Pro import? Looking for suggestions.
Yes, evidently!
maybe cause his work is so few and far between. he has time to sculpt it into the work he wants
They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art. Charlie Parker
dude trying to sell me this media platform is the spitting image of Gene Clark
Dunno if I should have this red bull or not... Hmm
I Was Born Alone... Ima Leave Alone
We haven't posted in a few days... whatever lol.
Happy Monday!
Nice that most everyone at #cil11 is willing to share their code. Ferris folks included.
WHEN YOU'RE FEELING KINDA GORGEOUS CALL ME ON THE PHONE AND GET OF
College: four years in the life of a young adult when appropriate pants and shoes are not required.
I haven't, thanks for tip!
WOW Broncos = 0 QBs. So far so bad.
The refs about to put this game out of reach for the clips
ahh, that's so close to his! (:
YES! It's Girl Scout Cookie Day here Doesn't get much better than kicking back after work with Thin Mints and Winter #Olympics!
Nothin like a sushi lunch date at Hana's in Albs with a good friend to unwind.
I think you've been hacked got a dm about nasty comments
hey man, what was that dynamic mic gain device you spoke of today? Sounds interesting
Im gonna stop being a flirt haa okaai.(x
Good luck to all the candidates and voters who supported one another during this cycle. It was a fantastic campaign.
Its almost Friday :-) Hope you have been enjoying all of the wonderful weather this week! Get outside for lunch and soak up some Vitamin D!
just finished doing cam shows 2day, still need $$$ or no school in sept! cu 2morrow peeps. ps. if u have a harley i LUV u lol
Ross the Boss RT : Cody Ross has a great Fenway swing
RT : oh yeah i'm single ..
#ICantDateYou I have an expensive taste in cigars!!!
The new #MHR record is sounding amazing. Hope you guys are excited. Catch us at a show
#undernocircumstances should u allow another day 2 go by without proclaiming the Gospel of Christ 2 your friend, neighbor, boss.
spike lee betta get this shit on FILL
As of now, no. Many great historians help us through shows as go-to sources. Almost like "consultants."
RT : There's a reason the rear view mirror is so small and the front glass is so big
I would love to see a Broadway play about poker. There's so much slang and terminology it can come off sounding Shakespearean
How absolutely amazing would it be to be ? Travel the world, eat delicious food, & tell the story of other cultures!
Retweet for a cause! Each retweet sends $2 towards #lifesaving #heart research & education from ’s.
Showering this am was an interesting experience...
If you love your mom tweet me
please , please , please follow me it would just complet me <3 4
I have a new favorite
I really don't want him to win!
You're welcome! And thanks for the follow!
Coming up at- I spoke with cab drivers who say robberies happen often. More info at 6 on
David, thanks for volunteering and helping out at #citycampsf!
ALL TEENS! TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! (HUGE GLOW STICK PARTY) DJ PRODIGY AND VALENCIA LIVE!! $10 B4 8PM!
Hi, Mark! Thanks for following me!
Hangover 2 was awesome
hey when is Cody cumming back to Chicago.......... I really wanna go to one of his Concerts again !
come visit anytime! 205! :)
slow night at work. havent even made a full forty and got cut an hour early
I am READY!!!
If you have people in your life you can truly trust, dont take them for granted
you could always do a reboot to the original state
sounds awesome!! have you ever been to warped tour? all time love is amazing live; I hope your parents let you go! MT :D <3
Bitches run their mouth while I’m stuntin on their ass, bad bitch so official you can call me top class.
:-)I should get off this early every friday!:-)
Are you the brutal heart that ive been looking for? 'Coz if you're looking for love you can look for the door.
yes i agree
My spring break has officially begun. I hope we have nice weather
The pro and anti 4/20 tweets are so annoying #shatdahellup and tweet about the more interesting topic, the
Do people still dance on cealings, at parties? Lionel Richie would like to know.
