Back to back! Show THAT video on the scoreboard!
Wow my new high score on Temple Run is 1,095,684. Probably can't do that again.
Park Ridge Dr. off Gammon is closed due to large house fire. Multiple EMS on the scene.
my pleasure :-)": Shouting to for singing Happy Birthday to me today on the street! I really appreciate it :)"
And to think, now he hosts a reality show with Boyz II Men guy. Great first two albums by those guys.
In case you guys didn't know is killing on the app right now
I'm stressed.
Don Knotts: one of the funniest actors there ever was.
Main reason being that I've read the first two back to back, and I like to break series up a bit. I'm loving them, though.
Free beer? Are you kidding? haha... No way jose.
ah, nothing like ending a friday by fixing an #amc2012 project proposal bug with some ternary operator poetry.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1964 "Jeopardy" debuted on NBC-TV.
All you need is love. And money. Love and money.
Would F. Scott Fitzgerald be considered a "good blogger." Does the teaching of writing change when Ss are taught to blog?
A man is so in the way in the house.
apparently I can't sleep without alcohol.
I ❤ reading 's tweets... He is such a unique, intellectual individual!
You're very welcome! ^__^ Thanks. Haha I knoow! What the heck. We need to chat it up. Lmao.
Good point - forgot to mention that it doesn't. Will add it to the blog post.
Woe gurl! Did I miss something?
follow me back!!!!! wahhhhhhhhhhh, you know you da one that i dream about all day <3
Good morning Austin! I have to go to school. At least I'll see this guy. Lol. Have a good day!
This draft '12 talk is getting crazy.
Anyone know if the Dallas Cowboys won last night? Anyone? Anyone?
Thanks Felix
Kim Zolciak throws the best side eyes.
Is it just my love of the holiday season, or do others see 'Grinch' instead of 'Gingrinch' in the news too?
she went to kingisland
Thats pathetic! Grow up
the cops stopped me cause I look like you
DON'T EVER TAKE ADVICE FROM A PESSIMISTIC PERSON. THEY WILL DESTROY YOUR RELATIONSHIP IF YOU DO. WHY? BECAUSE THEY ARE HATERS.
Whats good bro ? Any news with my beats ? Ima send some more right now
yup yup Filipina!!! :) was born there hehe
Taking the to Howard U today for a Global Education Conference. Presenting w/ DC Teacher of the Year Kim Worthy.
what time in LA?
Fundamental shift in book experience. Will there be difference between library experience & free book you download -like ads?
Dove soap be smacking oms
dished a heaping pile of raunchy soul to a mad packed Precinct tonight.
dang girl, so got so much stuff!!! :) haul please!
Workforce = # of people employed. Your logic is confusing. More jobs = greater workforce. WI is hemorrhaging jobs.
I found love in a hopeless place. School.
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men and men are great only if they are determined to be so. -Charles De Gaulle
Every time I watch man v food I realize I want to be friends with
Tomorrow night we got Knicks and Rangers... Come bounce with us!
ok suck on your thumb hahaha
A very busy few weeks ahead, have to plan carefully to be able to fully enjoy all the fun stuff
You are welcome! The Dad's point of view is awesome... & I love today's Mother's Day Cartoon.
It's a great message and a hot topic in all our lives.
But missing my family in PA, including my "little sisters." Can't wait to come home and hang out :)
Haha don't we all?! RT RT : I wish there was a form of exercise that involved me laying around with a beer.
Yes, its amazing
- wish I could be there withyou, but will be yelling at the TV screen on Saturday; USA! USA! USA!
hi Jessica! It's Matt Dorman from Facebook. Have a great hump day!!
Discussed composers, sound design, and end-of-the-year screening plans. Someday, others will actually see THE WORLD OF MISSING PERSONS!
I've just personalized X for Android with my Twitter posts!
I found a use for all my old sketchbooks that doesnt just involve nostalgia.
sounds good! Hope to see ya out there :)
Super fun clown available!! Only $80 dollars per hour! FACE PAINTING, BALLOONS, BUBBLES , AND GAMES! Smiles and fun are
Stayin' on my health ish really made me appreciate the lasagna I went in on today...
Tell Mark all us dog lovers are sorry and loved the "Jo Jo" stories and visits.
JT I thot u was going to michigan this weekend. Lol.
Almost 8 and still light outside, not missing that hour!!!
I assure you it was not meant as a slight, just a mistake.
Dinner & Show Hope's Cinderella w/my girls & some of my dearest friends. Nite's like this inspire me stay FOCUSED on the CALL of my LIFE!
I see y tyga with black chyna she bad af her body unreal
#Neverbeenafanof dumb ass peoples
Thanks for the RT :) Are you coming to Paella Night?
+1 for free government information
She ain't even gon look 4 a job now cuz The Green Machine is paid 4.
Has you smelled the plant Hyssop before? Holy cow! It's gorgeous! So herbal/green fresh. Diffuse its oil for 15 min to open airways
o ok y'all from this way?
Good morning! "Ability is useless unless it's used"-Robert Half
No excuses now!
I love you casino
lol how u been? Aye I wanna go to dallas -__-
Heading off to the Society for Military History meeting (#SMH2012 ?) for the next couple of days.
Love for you to follow me I love the new #LOVE OUT LOUD devotional book!
did you get the *sweet* shirt?
Miguel Torres only a slight favorite vs McDonald. They must not realize he has somewhere near a million and 0 amateur record
Where will you be watching the game tonight? Home alone with your cat or with hundreds of people that believe the same thing as you
We're excited about the in May, are you?!
Go to discrover.com and purchase plant Earth....
But "right" in our context means Green Party, Peace & Freedom Party or liberal Democrat.
Low impact cardio-exercise is very important way to keep the back pain away.
Weekend starting out perfect. I love my friends 😍😘
ah *sings* thats what makes you beautiful!
Who was your favorite on there?
Shoutout to for following !(:
oh ill have to try that out haha
On my way to the horse track.
"Can we get some butter?"! Director @
thank you I'm new to all this had ppl telling me I can go far so I'm working on it
lmaooo you neither? *High fives you*
"If I'm going to give up my ass, it's gunna be Elton John or something" - Rogan
I take the random periodic star from as his way of telling me he's ok.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I never liked you.. It was just lust..
scheduled tweet
SALT is useful once u learn how 2 use it (the tutorials help); has Span-Eng norms too; I use it about 1x/yr w/ lang kids
When I look in your eyes, baby here's what I see. I see so much confusion and it's killing me. Well I can't take it anymore... Shoo-bee-doo
“: #FieldertoKC what will it take? Besides moving Billy? 150mil/5years?” Voodoo ritual?
ok cool. Thanks for the info brotha!
In Honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day, what service project will you be doing with your daughter tomorrow?
White House now says Bin Laden was not armed when Navy Seals shot him dead. Still deciding on releasing photos of body.
I'm done cryingg for noww ; but there are more tears to come ..
Because #LosBulls makes sense.....
Got a phone call from 2 of my oldest #NOLA friends.They're drunk in Cleveland.Smiling from my heart thinking of my friends. :-)
JUST FINISHED HOOPN....GTTA TAKE CARE OF SUM BIZZNES NOW
Increasing productivity with Things app + cloud sync. Good recommendation from
Wassup !! When are you going to back for Rock Band?
he didn't know I knew you... Lol
come here, lover boy!
first of all that is NOT me hahaha
good, I'm interested in what you saw. The story is always more complicated than the first impression.
#howIhumormyself telling my best friend Felix theres a butterfly and watching him chase it and screaming pretty butterfly
Hilarious interview of on tonight.
You can't find it anywhere, because it is located inside you… happiness is your natural state.
whats the point of having a phone if no one texts me -__-
Top 10 tech gadgets everyone should own
no!!!!!! im not 17 yet!!!! im to young to die i will throw so he will get u first :)
Why do freemasons rape and kill children?????
How about the week of the 12th?
Laying foundation for #SocialMedia: Make decisions about tone, frequency, topics, and targets.
Hm...Beer or bud? That is the question.. I know a Bud Beer :)
Rehearsal today..."CaLegion we ready to bust"...
Take help of the professionals to draw a strong business plan, taking care of every aspect of the business
of course there will be a third series. Read Arthur Conan Doyle and you'll know why.
At #communityjustice2012's Day 1 clsg session, David Weisburd asks "Why not focus community service on crime hotspots?"
#pdxevents Looking for something awesome to do tonight? Hit up the #SoMeAwards for an awesome party, great networking with fellow...
How bout you stop doing giveaways and replying to people. Ya know what THEY HIRED YOU FOR
MUSIC MOVES ME!
#idonthavethefactstobackthisup but Jon Stewart is hilarious.
Interesting quote: SOPA: "It would be like shutting down for having copyrighted videos posted"
hey sorry about a spam tweet. Our account was compromised.
Break a leg, ! You're going to be incredible! :)
~ cant wait!
i wish so many things. for my friend, and for everyone else who feels like there isn't really any reason to keep breathing.
they wouldn't be wrong...
Coach, do you know you have more BIG XII Titles (8) than home losses (7) !!!???
George Workner killed in a jail break, March 14, 1808. First Baltimore law enforcement officer killed in the line of duty.
that should work. We can catch dinner/coffee on the evening of the 4th or lunch on the 5th. Some great places in center city!
Happy "Tigers' Opening Day"
#WFUD12 the firewall between the business and journalism sides of reporting shops is gone.
I'm a Rodgers man, easily.
its my birthday everyone c:
Weekend at Bernies style?
Getting the decorations gathered to turn the hotel and restaurant into Holiday Mode next week! Can't wait!
iight. June 9th is my last day here. When I come home, I want you to make me look like you lol.
#BoosieTaughtMe if they dykin they like it
I feel like one most days! lol ;P
Hmm...what kinda dreams?
The best and worse thing about family is yelling at each other one minute then buying each other sweet tea the next.
Eligible! RT : Clearly been too long since I've had if I'm again eligiible for #guessAnumber for free cheesecake. 40!
I had a feeling he was gonna win!!!
tweet tweet :))
only fight with people that are on ur level .
S/O to everyone that came thru and had fun tonight ..
lol. Bitch.. Mind ya business.
Oh don't worry #reality won't loose any sleep over a few misused words ;)
I GUESS I GOTTA DUMP OL GIRL...
Aww thanks! Can't make that stuff up!
Uhm now my asscheek itches what is happening to me
Yes, my love for Alaskan #salmon shines through, doesn't it? :-)
Yall mfs aint worth my time.. I got money to make and a family to look after..
Fuck a carshow..I'm going back to sleep..too much drinking and laughing lastnight..
Fine, Wolfgang at Webster with and Steph.
Just found out rye bread is the only bread that's good for you so now I'm just...ugh. No bread or nasty bread or unhealthy bread?! Lose-lose
Part of me hopes Leake doesn't do well tonight so they finally do something about it...like Chapman to rotation!
☺ we know
good morning, lady!
I am busy these days. Working on something big
Huge weekend for , which swept this weekend. It was first time Bears' swept since May 2, 2010.
Thanks for following & look forward to your tweets! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
It was nice meeting you at Rubio's yesterday, love your blog!
playing some fantasy baseball lite on www.baseballfannation.com
On #Earth #Day I was forced to buy PAPER weekly #MBTA pass from machine. Charlie Card only monthly NOT weekly. U R
would you rather play gossip at every show from now on or never be able to say or use the word vibes again?
Caught austin's "the spells" tonight. Calling it now. Also, two dudes with lit up eye horsehead masks. Video possibly forthcoming.
What was the most amount of money you have lost while gambling?
im a girl(:
has 600,000 fans looking for best tequila events in the nation. DM me with best contact to set this up.
Can't lie, I had zero expectations going in, but holy shit is the Wandering Birds album great! Nice work!
Crazy. Glad you're okay. RT : It must have just logged from my phone, I was on that all day.
stop getting smart bitch... Ima come do it in a minute child
ok lemme go b4 i get all emotional
I luv u!
It doesn't say that, everyone else's did. I don't think I'm going to go.
and that's all that iyam ;)
Do you eat unconsciously? Do you watch TV while you eat? When eating...do it consciously and focus on the task at hand...EATING :)
Chipotle > Wing Stop
If you have a problem with me please write it nicely on a piece of paper, fold it up, put it in an envelope, and shove it up your ass.
My Peyton Manning is the QB for the Broncos now.. gunna take some time to get use to this change ..
joe momma?
Smoking my victory cigar
We have the best Sublime cover band - 40 oz. To Freedom on Feb 23. It's a Wed. night, so we're doing it early! Doors at 7. Show at 8pm!
The American style Chinese place in manayunk has fried chicken gizzards. I'm pleasantly surprised.
Have to take my car in. Can anyone recommend a Ford dealer in Pdx? I have an extended warranty on it, so have to take it to them.
Thanks for Re-Tweet ! Happy Friday!
Where are you now ? :(
getting slammed at my favorite Dennys...
Thks to Teresa Garcia Krusor vice-chair of KS Democratic party for your leadership! See ya next year! GOTV!
where u at bro
Thanks so much for coming in! Glad you enjoyed it!
Wow with my bestie watching them shop for #wedding dresses! Say yes to the dress¿ How about say yes to the #Mess! Do not #buy that, or else!
A couple people from Hong Kong asked if they could take a photo with me when I was at the airport. I feel famous : )
I enjoy the convos as well. I'm just trying to not disrespect you by attempting to seat that banging ass on my face.
great running into you this morning. Hope you had a good breakfast!
got over zealous with the easter egg dye, now my hands are blue.
because she tells me my friends are attractive!
Happy Mothers Day :)
Hot outside
I'm a fire engine!
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."
Well this gets you to 13 miles in 12 weeks and I am usually ok running 3 miles so yeah..race in October
Good Morning People On Twitter. I Just Woke Up.
Uh-oh... Deckfeasts on Twitter. :)
RT : A flourishing Tuesday to all incl
LOL. You will not regret it. AY-MAY-ZING series.
"Where slates that we've tested fall short are in the upper grades where students need to create projects" -Tommy from Carrollton
Tax Tips 101. Tax Guru knows all. He joins us next time warner channel 362.
I kinda wish I was goin to prom now !
Ron Paul delivered Chuck Norris.
Hearing Lefty's and Bones convo on what club to use and doing all the calculations for the "perfect shot" was awesome. Then to watch Lefty
Always good to see my foodie friends !
Mueller!! Bayern score again! Up 3-1 in aggregate!
Gone be fat n imma laugh
Whats good tweeters! in da building! Gettin it started!
No, I just pulled a random sentence from the web. :)
The National Hotel South Beach host of 2012 Swingfest Complete Oceanfront Resort Takeover. Book early and save! www.swingfestevents.com
wouldn't that link change when they change the terms? Not much posterity in that post!
Yeah, there's something about the book - but I thought it was beautiful and probably the best use of 3D i've ever seen.
Right? Geniuses.
thanks for the RT, Cathy!
: listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 4
Is it just me or does it seem like Solis has no idea where Corgan might go? This is great.
is who I roll with consistently. YETH!
Chicks are for fags.
I'm so hot.... How am I gonna sleep like this?
Oh man. I'll give it the memo. Heading in when gets here. Would love to meet u. Heard great things cc
i looked his ass up on fb too. dats you go shoot your shot lol
saw it & giggled a lot :)
Being from Chicago you know which team I will be going for....GO BUCKS...I never cared for the Bulls
RT : It was actually Fez, but I have Meadow (my favorite!) in the cupboard and will be drinking a cup this...
Headed into 8:45a meeting then off to my first Xmas shopping! I know I know I'm late!
shout out you! If you have swag you would follow him! So if I were you, I'd follow him!
omg i remember that!! i had the biggest crush on tony oller good lawd lol
Never heard of it before reading the article I just Tweeted. What a rational solution!
lol i'm sure you already got one. :p
Community Service for Food Stamps?
Me and my man r on the road traveling and giving away free child safety kits.
Yayayyayayay! today's gonna be a fun one!!
Bialletti Moka. My favorite kitchen appliance. Best espressos hands down.
I will just for you. ;) RT : put those fuckin heels on an' work it girl .
Damn way to much limon chips -_________-
What a weekend. Thanks for keeping me entertained, Dallas.
well, you'd think some folks along the way would just grow the fuck up…
I told him he was Assclown Incognito
an #overnight is so not
Lazy Rule #19401957294710149: you're so lazy you didn't even finish reading the number
Great example of potential for regional ecosystems. #startupamerica MT : Entrepreneurship in NOLA 3x national average,
oh god lol
Our ecommerce manager is out on #RAGBRAI today good luck & have fun Jon!
hey. My wife's favorite show is snapped and one day she brings home a case of duct tape and a new set of knives. Hm Lol
So stressed and irritated that my wifi isnt working when I have shit for school I need to do. Ugh !! Fml, Im sorry
Thanks! Gotta keep the Light bright so others feel free to illuminate as well. Life is too yummy to get all dim, ya know?!
discovering the joys of bluegrass music. Not sure how it escaped me all these years.
To have what most people don't, you must do what most people won't!! ...Eat well and train hard today!
Improving Housing List Mostly Holds Steady in May
From one Braves fan to another, thanks for the follow.
That's a lovely celebration--I hope you indulge in some champagne!
exactly. Can't imagine how he's managing to concentrate...but he's the top guy for a reason.
I am surprised is not following the guy (aside from the Bears) "has an identical resume" to hers,
That tweet sounds like it was written by a greeting card. I'm going to stop following unless you tweet a little better
Now I can be just like Kate Middleton with my tangerine jeans!
I haven't read it, but have heard good things about this book, written by a conservator from the Smithsonian
Keep representing the Chi and us hard-working brothas to the fullest. Much love and respect!!
now that I'm banned to the pool for a good portion of my workouts, I'll let u know if I get smarter!
I saw this and thought it was funny. "Indecision is the key to flexibility."
You might as well R-T this
Today, I stood in line at the post office for 40 minutes to send a package. Seattle, you are really getting on my nerves today.
When you need a friend, you will know your friend. Love and Light
I need to talk to you about classes. The orientation for post 508 was the biggest....I need real honest talk : )
I just love the view of the mountains while driving on the hwy! #Arizona!
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul, and make us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds
Random News: Arbaaz Khan to direct Dabangg sequel
I lost track of time
please dont let it be tragic lol jk jk im sure however you end it , itll leave your reader wanting more :D
do not answer it, or open it. It is a trojan. I received it from someone else, and i opened it, and now my account has been hacked.
Just discovered this singer Noah on Youtube who does covers. Holy cow. Dude's voice is UNREAL.
you saw the sign?
Whoever mocks the poor shows contempt for their maker. Proverbs 17:5
I heard that next month's TIME Magazine is going to be on spanking your child...wonder how that cover will turn out.
Thank God for my life.
Thank you so much! :) You're so sweet as well!! Love ya too baby girl!!<3
haha think you just did ;) oh cool, then our workout?
Who knew. Learning can hurt!! My head is still spinning. Very informational but wow. Overload!
great post- thank you!!
I like. Let's brainstorm at next hung meeting ;) seriously, only 18mil?!
On the road leaving dyserburg tn headed to the ville
Sunday Times Rich List 2012: Wealth of richest grows to record levels - New York Daily News
just dropping in to say: John Milton Pie.
snap a pic of Mickelson for me!
PEYTON Please Follow :D♥
haha that's awesome!
Sold a painting to a collector from China? This is a big day!! One let up for we artists. Maybe the economy is inching back. I'm ready!
I secretly hate the term, "users". Yes, they're "using" your product/service but don't forget that they're real people!
Standing in line for Star Trek can't wait!!☺
So fricken bored
I see the same thing happening. I started making a list in a notebook--it'll make a great teaching resource later.
Talk about lowering your standards kiddo
Daily Stocks Highlight by Insiderslab: American Eagle, PulteGroup ...
I still haven't started :)
sorry it's taking me so long to Welcome you to Titletown! Stoked to have you!
Great news! Thanks for sharing
awesome! We can't wait to see your pics from
Less than two weeks before #Christmas. Is all your #shopping done?
All is well! Thanks for checking in on us! How are you & the team?
is that really a stat? how does it work?
I hate when people say they went, or they're going, "clubbing."
44 yrs ago tday RFKs speech on MLKs death solidified he and king as 2 of my most favorite ppl in history..i wouldnt know for another 30yrs
Dreaming of a summer internship in New York City? Stay tuned for more info. The New York Intern Project is fast approaching!
I HOPE the 18-29 year olds stay with RON PAUL! It the principul and those voters like AaRON BarRAZA! VOTE REPUBLICAN YOUNG INS!
Welcome to California Coast!
Thanks for the RT!!!
KG coming up big tonight
Thank you for tuning into special james söund & Guest w/ on PròximaFM, Spain. Official podcast will be available shortly
if this book is anything like MS to Africa, it will definitely be on my Christmas or birthday gift list...
What a crazy story! RT : Is this outfit too revealing? huff.to/y1mxCc
Looking for ways to help our fellow Hoosiers in southern IN? You can text HOOSIER to 80888 to donate $10 to the
Never Let A Weaknees Convine You That You Lack Strength True Strength Doesnt Come From The Size Of Your Arms But From The Size Of Your Heart
ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony $200,000 this is wrong! DON'T WATCH ABC! Please RETWEET this, Thanks Lee
Text from Dick Lugar: "F*CK"
When life beats you down... don't ignore that beacon of light... Its just God giving you the nod to get back up... and keep it moving.
yeah.... It's like slapping the hand that feeds you! Literally!
Yea, that would have to change.
One of my GPG photos is going to be in the Film Noir show :) Awesome!
Due Date was too funny
are you going to the game??
Where are you sitting?
Too true. Are you the sole #publish2012 tweeter?
we love Cooper!
Whatever you do, don't watch, "Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead.". Cried like a baby at the end & almost swore off solid food.
RT : Presidential election in Russia today. Well, sort of...
90° F today & still doing my 5 mile jog. Tzzzzzzz
Group denies link to Toulouse killer
oh no weekend is almost over..what are your Sunday evening plans?
at muh ol job ..gettn her food ..not me smh
Metta world peace will be back from suspension for game 7 fwiw.
Oh man. RT : I had a blast today with my boy -- Thanks everyone for all the love
yes girl!!! Absolutely
thanks :) hoping for the good drugs lol
thank goodness
I'm good,was in NJ for the week end.Heading back to FLA.How are things with you?
#SMILEcon is under way. Kara from presenting on Minnesota State Patrol use of
You're an awful excuse for a human being
Went to see the Titanic in 3D today! Love that movie, so emotional though.
just realized the same song has been playing on my ipod for like the past 20 mins..... lol
- Thxx I Will Return The Favor (=
I want the life I hav always dreamed of...I want to be doin wht I love with ppl tht I can relate to...I want to live in Cali & hav no stress
Hey there, sorry for delay. Still on video task for Great on to follow is
I'd tell my twitter pals to follow a library, as today is #followalibrary day, but if you're reading this, you're probably following a lot.
where r u?
I got 778,456 points in Temple Run. Beat that
thanks for the shout out!
why one direction doesn't go to Asia the coming year?can you follow me?
Im gonna miss that man when he is gone...
Fred Man! We miss you already!
Because I totally passed that test in english 
be in Kentucky anytime soon?
the weeknd - what you need
“: I appreciate you, Blythe! Thanks for your support and encouragement.”
for sure, just give us until 4!
Where can I watch the Bulls game online? Does TNT have it on their site?
Going to bake some chicken today.
<3 U girls!
Spiritually forsaken, sexually degraded, can we love?
How can it be midnight already?!
She's banging one of the players I think.
sorry I'm just seeing this! But hey :D
For some reason, the #ASA2012 program has my affiliation listed as UCSF. That would be incorrect. Also, amusing.
Key to bowling well. Playing hall and Oates. Just bowled a 189.
#WorldPeace... Not just for the back of your jersey Ron
#NoteToSelf: "The more I play D, the better we'll be." ~Andrew Bynum to
#teamfollowback one more person! :D or more, that'll be nice. i FOLLOW BACK. check it.
Layovers are for the birds. (Not actually, I'm not sure birds layover. I'm simply invoking the expression, I suppose.)
if you let karma drive, won't you just end up right where you started?
vino y no wine, why no?
Re: the Times music snob piece. They should have transcribed our convo at Rivington hotel. Expenses were onerous, though.
Its my lucky daaaaayyyy(:
Having a dream about the most random person....
FAIR YEAH WOOT
Anybody else yell YUCK as they stepped outside -- like I just did?
I can't believe that the Italian Fest has been called off!!! We all need to work together to get this going again. Who is with me?
Out of curiosity, why not have your child attend a PGCPS school?
first bout of season now on-demand, Time Warner channel 411, TWSports Zone!
Big Bill never went to any hoidy-toidy university, and it didn't do ME any harm!
Big, smart defensive play by the senior.
really wish you 4 were on the #AmericanIdol tour :( makes me depressed!
Congrats to my hometown St. Louis Cardinals for winning number 11 in 11!
You also have to Follow people to get Followers to Follow you
“: #Sagittarius is outgoing and loves to party!” they are accurate today.
Just landed in Philadelphia for #acrl2011. Now over to the convention center to get out booth setup.
shit we been out like we knew we were going to be ..you guys got your lil star Kobe and STILL loosing....^_^ ...bahahaahaa....
i've been getting a massive headache every day now
Today marks history and everybody need to #watchthethrone !!! GET IT !
What's my favorite word!?
those r the keys to Lac beating sas huh? Lol
Good morning #thatcamposu! Looking forward to discussing OSU-based Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives as teaching/research resource!
I'm always down for music. Just keep me in the loop.
flying dog.
On eBay, there are an average of $680 worth of transactions each second.
I love you – those three words have my life in them .
yah, can't wait till midnight to get my friggen foodstamps! :D
Today was good. :-)
thanks a bunch!
I know! Makes me want to cry :(
God only knows that you were my last straw.
Whateva!!! We'll see about that buddy. Heat goin all the way baby!! Yea. Go Heat!!! All day
is calling everyone in her phone book saying she has a date. It is halarious and cute at the same time. Haha
Haha. My thoughts exactly.
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , and !
RT QUOTE OF THE DAY: “The secret to living the life of your dreams is to start living the life of your dreams today...
Watching Swamp People! Such a funny but real show :-)
RT : Not just a park for Baldwin Hills, but for all of L.A.—larger than Central Park—oil field rights lay in the way...
Thanks, everyone!
i think #shitthenannydoes is your The Help bestseller.
Line going down the block for the Maldives.
Ok, so when is the internet going to remake Lexicross?
Worst beer selection in Robinson: Don Pablo's! When I got the silverware wrapped in paper napkins, I should've expected it
I'm so thankful to work with you both and that we are all in this together. Great job presenting both of you
I mean wht happen :)
Pfizer says on-track to finalize Animal Health business decision
I need someone to talk to me about boys >.> They are confusing :/
ima be dead by the end of the night D; IM IN SO MUCH PAIN AND IM TAKING LIKE 100 pills but nun working!!!! ugh :''(
This is terrible but I'd love some chocolate donuts !
think this one of my favorite featured avi models good job!!
YES, AUNTIE TABS SPEAKING! I snuggle the bejesus out of him everyday. (By snuggle I mean shake.) I'll pass the kind words on!
Hey lady I was on yahoo answers not Facebook....stupid mean lady in algebra  she makes me sad
u are in OH, what is your take on Ohio St FB. Did they win a championship with a player who may of be ineligible?
They didn't even let the jello set properly so they were liquidy and gross.
long day doing pre-festival work for tribeca
We can't rewind.. NOW WE'VE GONE TOO FAR!
my life is too perfect i think, maybe. idk i like it though.
Nicole Richie just had a baby boy... who knew she was even preggo?! I can't decide if I'm mad or glad that I didn't know that...
A$AP
I am all made out of ship wrecks. Every single beam.
I'll pass this to the chef team, thanks. Send us a DM and we'll get you a glass of wine on us next time :-)
Should have stuck with my rule always wear skirts when it's raining on been rainy. I hate damp pant bottoms!
you're kinda weird.....
Ashanti~ the woman you love !!!!..
aww thanks that just made my whole night(: <3 your amazing<3
Watching whale songs on #utube at breakfast. Mezmorizing. both kids are entranced.
RT : Your move, Tweeps. This is getting fun. Killing it at "Roasting The #Kardashians at
thanks for following. Stop by for a visit to the 1890s if you're in the Chicago area!
ya where the fuck you been man
Same hoes hatin on us, Numbers they be slippin me..
Did someone say Pumpkin Chai Latte? Oh, yes..
what is that supposed to mean? I'm here, just noting my observations.
haha ya just tell them whats up and go from there and take what u can get. its easier to move within then start fresh
Nothing like a good networking meeting on Friday to kickstart a Monday. Hope everyone had a nice holiday weekend.
I wondering what's in a size 2...
Teacher Tuesday. All teachers past/present get happy hour all night long. Enjoy fresh salads, wine tasting all day, and Lemon Curd Dessert
Building additional Room into Your Home - Real Estate Inspection ...
Should it really take 90 minutes to get to work!
Niggas crack me up now a days...
Demi will be the sweetheart, and Britney the daffy one
awww, well, that's awesome. :)
She wants me for my body.
I'll be at the #Beirut show tonight at the Santa Fe Convention Center
So sad this is the end
Holy fuck he brought his own mic
Oh wouldn't that be nice MT : Does MoCo have a master plan that addresses area abutting District line, GA Ave south of #DTSS?
BEE FREE baked goods are in! Including New Yummy Granola! See you soon! #carmel, # Gluten Free
my computer is working really hard today
having no bottom teeth
when are you coming up? today or tomorrow?
Try a jar filled with balsamic vinegar + washing up detergent. Stretch film across the top with sml holes. Traps & kills!
okay, haha thanks!
What booth is it? #GOA2011 RT : We're at ! Have you stopped by our booth?
Taking a crew to LBG mañana. Tranny and flow heaven.
But yes. We've been using Neutraface 2 for our house sans, but it's still a little too exotic for book use.
I don't know. there doesn't seem to be any art happenings this weekend... ;)
Doing the "I'm thinking real hard face" when the teacher looks at you.
Devils moved on to round 3 tonight! New Jersey represent! Lol
well, I've learned what a haboob is, and that AZ fans are whinny with their lame booing and chanting
No more Tumblr postin' to Twitter, starting to annoy me.
Obviously. PlaceKitten is the scientifically-proven most effective quality of life & workplace moral booster.
About to get some shut eye before work 💤💤💤
Violence … changes only the rulers, but not the rules. -Walter Wink
Burt's Bees + IPAs = gross
Are we going?
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <334
I have 20 minutes left of work and then I'm off for 2 days!
"Teaching my daughter to surround herself with safe people who will pray for her, not prey on her." ~ Solomon Proverbs 22:6
"Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun, Mon." -Jamaican naming six days of the week
CONTEST!!! First Person to spend $100 in today WINS 2 TICKETS TO show at the next tuesday!!
- sounds cool. when?
bac could bounce on 6month daily chart support
I hate wen ppl rush me den be late.... how u late n u was rushing me.
the lines to your doorstep at bouquet
lol whatever! my mind isn't corrupted like yours lol
Platinum Post News... Jacob Lusk Sent Home On 'American Idol'
. Literally LOL at #6. Also can relate to cute outfits and morning coffee. You should do stand-up. Improv background?
Why are people hating on Patrick Kane today?
Trying to finish up this book! I'm excited to see what God will do with it, but man, it's been to pretty to work. :)
Yall getting sick of my RSVP tweets yet??? TOO F***IN BAD!!! :) jp
#ImNotGoneLie im thinking bad thoughts if i go out im actin an fool and gone do a full split lol im jokin about that split
Janis with a job interview tomorrow in Anchorage....
but on the flip side - there's plenty of people in dc who need and deserve food at that price point...i dunno...slippery...
C'mon Nashville!! Bring on the data and insight! Actually excited to do this- Digital Summit 2012!!
I can't stop loving you come back to me.......
Please free from #TwitterJail, I love her!
Note to self: Dont pull an Ivy.
from a #sociology perspective tweeting your breakfast is meaningful. Twitter coagulates liquid modernity
You might think so, but they sell for $35 usually.
I just watched The Crying Game for the first time, and wow, quite the surprise. I don't want to give away the twist but Dil totally has a pe
So how are you this evening?
#WhatsObamaHiding the lost episodes of Family Guy
Huckabee Special = AWESOME!
hot person: hi, me: savan thats hello in klingon, not that i watch star trek or anything, i just said it, okay i'll shut up now
>>Positive Energy<<
you're in my neighborhood!
No, it's the regular evening broadcast. Some sickening footage.
thnx for the follow!
Is so talented
Why is living healthy just so hard? And why do we treat our bodies like junkyards? Must keep trying so we run around in the back yard!
Wanna go stay at the beach, open the sliding glass doors so i can hear the ocean, and go to sleep
L'shana tova to all who are celebrating! Here's to a sweet New Year full of health, happiness and success!
Sounds like someone has a crush. ;)
im from New York
I just found out it national sarcasm month! I'm definitely celebrating the sarcasm!
I might as well leave a running chainsaw in my bedroom. my english bulldogs is more nasal than q-tip, ad-rock and b-real combined.
ha! Accident small world. Keep it moving
Dont despair Clipper Nation, they will figure this out
To all of the back to schoolers out there in the Twitter-verse, Hope you all enjoyed the summer. Good luck in school this fall!
What's up how's everything going
Good morning all. We had a VERY successful trip downunder. FEG has a nice foothold there now...
it's the OG Labor Day. Don't be an unhappy cog; assert yourself on the job. If your boss is abusive, today's the day to tell HR.
will be @ the 8.30pm tonight w/ + more! #SoldOut but tix maybe given out at the door
Couple girls ran away screaming as a foul ball dropped and landed a foot away from them. Laughs ensued.
And I'm back in the front of the front of the future when you are mentioning talent
you are a man of your word!
Just played Turn to You to my mom. is making me a better daughter.
I'm definitely planning on going. I wasn't able to get tickets today because of credit card problems. But I will be :) -g
Eyes are starting to get low. Super sleepy
lmao but I doubt that's going to happen xD
Follow me on Instagram>>>>>>> I will follow back! RT
oh! it's a long way to go!
Toronto as a whole is awesome. Great show, great town, great people. Chi-Tels in Ottawa tonight. Let's have some god damn fun!
Lessons from the NFL Draft: What the experts consider the best "players" may not necessarily be the best fit for your team.
“: On the way to DENVER!!!” find for that fire
Congrats buddy! Can't wait to hear what your first week is like.
come for nails?? I just left the salon
“If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!” —Jonathan Winters
ha. Fact. My life today.
Ugh. very very very very upset right now.
J is watching the #oscars pre show with me. He really doesn't know celeb trivia.
well this won't be "the year" again. But will it be THE YEAR?
You can tell a lot about a person from the shoes they wear.
Traditionally, you put a home button and logo linking back to the home page. Just assume people are dumb.
soo nervous need these tickets!<3
There's something quite satisfying about having your birthday fall on #FatTuesday. Woo hoo. Party is on!
when will I learn to heed this advice? I've only tried to do so 7,000 times
Watch out for Gene Simmons!
haha same! I still have that awkward sunburn line on the inside of my legs.. My arms and face hurt and my nose might peel!!
Got in a workout then pool time this morning. I was a basket of Ed Hardy shirts short of living the GTL lifestyle.
What a fantastic job the Prime minister of Norway is doing to comfort his people!
TGIF ,so ready for the weekend
I'm so happy Paul won top chef!
Lattes after 4 --> workouts after midnight.
After voting 2make sure millionaires&billionaires don't pay fair tax rates,GOP are threatening 2block 2keep student loan rates from doubling
Run around Lake Calhoun in 75 degree weather = FACE FULL OF MAYFLIES. That's what the picturesque looks like, people.
Hah so true.. Amazing how apple is making suckers out of us
dude you're a philosopher
Pull, pull, pull that weight like a pro athlete. So you start to amass upper body strength and become lighter on your feet.
I wish I had a coach like you with "in-your-face" motivation and whip cracking abilities. ;)
you too!
I'm physically exhausted.
Does Teen Wolf come on anymore? If so, what channel???? Somebody plzzz tell me!!!
I know. The Cardinals bring out the worst in me
We are about to do the ribbon cutting at the Howard Theatre!!!
please stop thinking you know what love is and u dont .
Film History has just been re-written! Apparently the boss never saw Ambersons.
p.s. great blog/website.. looking forward to reading more of your posts!
Finished blog highlighting 7 major differences btw/ methylphenidate (Ritalin, Concerta, Metadate) and cocaine. Should be comforting to some!
A kid just walked by me with a chicken on his head. Now why would that be?
I hate the wave along with the drunk idiots who try to always start one!
great, I'm really glad to hear it.
Appreciating a storm is the best trick of all.
The Two Main Ppl That Are Close To Janet, &The Only Ppl Us Janet Fans Have On Twitter, NEVER Seem 2Respond 2Our Messages Nor Tweets Ugh Why?
watching the clock at work
Over 5 new websites launching in the next month. Talk about starting the new year off right!!
Happy Mothers Day Angie Simpson! <3
how was the half marathon?
Yeah, I'm taking the day off work and going, may even buy a one day badge and hit the convention floor.
:) RT : Goodnight From Australia c:
do you tweet about anything besides sports? If you weren't one of my friends I'd unfollow you.
Just launched our new Car Accident Help App! FREE for iPhone & Android. More info to come...
I actually think it makes you happy.
I wish mr. Effinger would update PowerSchool every now and then so I don't have to stare at a C+ for AP chem.
That was one of the BEST episodes ever!!!!! CupidMe! LOL
Them Heat boys might hav a problem without Bosh....everybody was takin him for granted
2012 is here! Nothing but greatness in the near future. Salient Success Marketing.
I been good...when u coming to Omaha?
Jason Statham still on the run - The Province
what are these tacos you speak of and where are they?
If you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why does it come with a little plastic shot glass?
Getting ready for Toddler Time. 10:30am! Stay warm today!!
mz shakarah spoken is about to get cussed out or something
Marquette can either have a tough or easy road with this 3 seed.... Depends on which team shows up
thank you for having an amazing site. I'm now a daily reader absolutely!
Thanks for the follow
It was fantastic! Been meaning to get up there. And the drinks! Lawdy, the drinks.
I get so high I touch the sky till I can't even function.
lmfaooo! Omg aileen, your too much!
Potential sites for Pac12 tourney more exciting than this? Venice Beach courts, South Eugene (OR) HS Purple Pit, Golden Nugget Casino(Reno)
i tried that and sun tan city. But i need to try other places on the strip too
but the weather was so bipolar today.
Golf tomorrow?
#rockstarteacher graciously chucks sweat-soaked brown paper towels to adoring students. Melee breaks out in front row.
What's with and that avitar? They definitely need some kind of upgrade. Ugly is not the new black.
if you put a sticker on there let me know how it holds up to the water
and amare HAS TO cut his hair ..... Just HAS TO
The Discipline Review Committee recommended that the university change its standard of proof to "clear and convincing evidence" today.
Random f-train passenger scent of the day: play-doh.
SHAMELESS!!! WOO-HOO!!!!
Sure, I see where you were going with it, Twitter's nature is putting urself out there,but for an introvert it's easier 2 tweet!
Sometimes you have to #declutter your life of a negative relationship or a unnecessary responsibility to make room for new opportunities.
RT : is getting ready to record on today.
A lazy assumption, same with social media use. RT : Why does everyone assume I as a patient have a smartphone.
Everything comes slowly, nothing ever is instant, this isn't google.
totally unimpressed with your new panel and the result will be plummeting ratings. You're not the View
liking the jesus reference, totes agree hahahah
#WhenTheBossIsAway follow yer inner scraps. scraps will never let u down.
Although the seminar schedule is tight, I was able to wander through Times Square after the evening session. Great energy here!
Jesus' heart breaks the poor and my desire is to do what I can to imitate Him.
Slept in today, so I'm rested up for the big furniture move tomorrow! Last step before working for myself full time, can't wait to be done.
Some people r as likeable as hot asphalt!
That was bull shit
Somebody placed a walnut on my desk. 👍
Just had my second meal of the day, starving! Ah, Made the best pasta & salad EVER! Either I haven't eaten since 7am or I seriously did aha!
pretty awesome. realizing i'll use like 1% of the features.
for real? I'm deff gonna be there then!
We All Want Love ♥
I'll be back in a little. Time to start my homework!! :) x
First day back at school, ugh
Government needs to get off of people's backs and into their bedrooms.
Wait, Beyonce named her baby Blue? You'd think such a smart and successful couple could come up with something less primary. Like Cyan.
Can somebody change North Korea's status to "It's complicated."
Please Follow Me ♥ :)
put ur hands on my body
DJ JAYHOOD will be at the BUNNY BASH at Club 212 over SPRING BREAK!!!!
Thunderstorms! :D
The loudest fucking thunder made me scream
My sentiments exactly! Those Goo-Goos never gave your poor mayor a break!
Get over your fears and doubts and make the impossible possible this week.
thanks man. Just feel lost.
Need a great gift this season? How about giving the gift of a fresh paint job in a room. We sell gift certificates for your convenience.
Hey twitterverse- send me your favorite love song lyrics (short, please) for an art project. Smthng like "i wanna rock your gypsy soul"
Thank you mom for giving up so much just so you could raise me the right way. I will never be able to thank you enough for that. ♥
You're my hero, Keebler.
so damn bored lol
Wow today seems like it was one big blur but cpope chillin off that high life
with what job? Hahahaha
Wow...new seats on BART. My life is complete.
plus Jordan is long retired so who cares
hardee's probably :/ haha my old job
Ha. Officer Kendricks on the front page
What are you reading these days?
Just me in the house no lights on & something is crawling up my leg! Scared @ First I froze then I reached down & grabbed a fast moving.....
; There Are 7 Of Us & 8 Of Them , So It's Not Gonna Work Out : )
salmon and a lot of veggies! ... or perhaps some cornfed, Nebraska beef
SHOULD I RT MYSELF JUST TOLD YALL ITS ONLY A MATTER OF TIME B4 OKC TAKEOFF
Everyone should pick up the new album today! Its honestly worth buying a copy. One of the best albums out right now!
My mom thinks I'm kidding about being claustrophobic..
At times, u lash out at like he's The Miz
My son is doing so good at school i am so proud of him...keep up the good work son..
Work cut out for us here
Love is simply another word for God, and God is simply another word for love.
I didn't think you could top the first title, but you did. Kudos.
way to be all depressing
"Our greatest trials and tribulations produce the greatest happiness" --Zig Ziglar
HELL YEAH!!
Movie night!!! Captain america! 
Yay!! Now you can sing along with us at our shows! :D
Yeah, super ignorant comment - some people have nothing better to do. Sorry :/
A full walk through before making any decisions.
RT : Just because I want something, doesn't mean I need it. There's a difference.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a thief who just got caught and beat down like Ice Cube & Smokey did the garbage can bandit on Friday.
nice! Talk to my side :D or email me Bro!
Fuck no that butcher ass girl
The best reason for having dreams is that in dreams no reasons are necessary.
The Creature Comforts are warming up and about to rock your faces off!
he's eating tommy's. Mike graduates in June, from there who knows! Move to the bus, he needs a friend.
That last retweet was so true glad it came from a female perspective
nobody is ready for that!!!
We think the Boys will make a fine addition to the initiative and would most certainly not dissapoint! #AvengersAssemble !
wish I knew what you were watching... Arturo was a great man!
Facebook 101: Run simple, fun engagement campaigns that get fans "talking" - CMO at Offerpop
Over? Beg to differ. How many times has Skip Bayess been wrong? Mike Wilbon? Colin Cowherd? List goes on
Hi there __mariajuanna
A record one in seven Americans relied on government food stamps to help feed themselves in 2010 (USDA)
Waiting in the car an hour early. Story of my life.
RT AlecMcV Drinking my money away. That didn't take that much time. Time's all I've got right now. Time is not on my side.
Baking cookies, catching up on the Daily Show. I love Sundays.
Bands that I'm "supposed to" like but don't. At all. Played out and unemotional.
cheer up !
Im so excited for spring!! I just got so much floral! btw H&M scarves are cheap! :)
are we going to be seeing you downtown this weekend?
Thanks to the lord that we are cut from the same cloth on that one. lol
UFC tomorrow night! drawing for a trip to ufc fight in New Orleans. All expenses! get here early!
i need this every minute of every day
They lovin the crew.
He goes around to sold-out arenas full of screaming debtors and offers financial advice. He once went bankrupt himself.
left her capris at my house. hope she doesn't mind that I'm wearin them today. (;
todays gonna stink. i already know it. and so is tomorrow.
Every customer interaction makes that customer more or less engaged, so don't just recycle content on every platform and channel.
john cena is the best no one in the wwe can see him
damn. Thats wierd. Lol idunno y but every time i see yo twitter it keeps unfollowin u then i keep followin u
2 guys behind me, first guy "it smells like someone farted. Second guy "yeah it smells like asparagus" only
nmh pa just recording our artist
man if u don't throw some REG in that joint
My hawks take game one, can't let up tho. I hope ray Allen doesn't come walking through the door
Fine! As the ocean said to the dirt, I appreciate the sediment.
Looking forward to supercharging our PR w/
Hey to all my followers. I want to thank you and I will be hopefully bringing you some inspirational words from God's Word and be a blessing
Do you know how I can get the most recent percentages of foreign born nationals of different countries worldwide? Many thanks
Financial Pressures Constrain State and Local Government Hiring: Study Shows Layoffs Have Slowed but Pay Freezes and ...
Raspberries r the highest fiber fruit of the summer. Add some to your cereal or yogurt
Love my job. Thanks.
hey a jobs a job. Besides full time job in the LIS field = fucking boss. Congrats!
Do you like a Bloody Mary on the weekends? Stop in at the Space Room for BM specials sat and sun
Feel free to tweet #kony2012 and get that to trend again ;) Maybe make a #1Dtostopkony trend or something!
"Jealousy is when you count someone else’s blessings instead of yours". Be thankful for what you have.
Oh shit I see what you did there!
L-O-V-E is just another word I never learned how to pronounce!
I wonder if me & still working out today?
I know. It started out good.
I am interested in one of your tickets? Anything I could trade with you? Please consider if you don't get any monetary offers.
did slideshare take down the "you suck at powerpoint" presentation? the link is no longer working:( very sad!
Meeting up with my editor. Excited to see clips from Rosehaven Production's upcoming film, 'Fair Play'. Trailer coming soon!!!
Thursday Tweetcast: Not much sun today: cloudy & warm with a high in the upper 70s to near 80. Rain on the way late tonight/tomorrow.
That jacket is fresh.
All this bunny imagery makes me think of, "Cook! Cook! Where's my hasenpfeffer?"
Possibly your probably thinking this type of swag is impossible
CORRECTION didn't say she supported putting CPR on the ballot @ council No one asked so she never made a decision either way
I am on Microsoft platform and Hotmail is the one that crashes the most because of stupid Silver Light. Shame on you Microsoft; dumb giant!
#SOTU Richard Cordray from Ohio will keep watch over over the consumer protection agency. No more hiding.
And the voice in your speaker right now that's me.
badassssssss what're you doing out there?
It's almost #HappyHour! Make it even happier with a $1 drink. ;-)
That awkward eye contact I make with my teacher while trying to cheat on a test."
forcing laughter, faking smiles.
// We are excited!
So anyone doing anything not Mom related Sunday? I need to be distracted so I don't spend all day depressed in bed
$0.99 nail polish from #Walgreens is the best! I love this color nirvana
Rihanna laughed at &#39;Battleship&#39;
How are the paintings going these days? Any shows coming up?
If there are, bring them down to the #confab12 tweet-up at Barrio's (about 3 blocks north).
lol it still dark :P
I just tweeted about not getting any txt now my phone is gettig flooded with txts
Its decided. Going to see Trampled By Turtles on Friday! Been trying to catch them awhile!
Hey I am sorry it took me so long! Will be directing something in the spring!
Huntersville in a neighborhood named "Wynfield" :) its established, mature trees, young fams, close to lake & shopping!
Thanks! You should join. Our meetings are held at the Nat'l Archives in Morrow.
I will meet people on the State St steps at 5 PM. I will start painting then and anyway can join me between five and 7:30 PM.
#FF some great bearding groups:
The money is the motive
Ok. Stay blessed!:)
Ronny Turiaf looking like a homeless man off the streets we just got on the team roster
I just ate taco bell for lunch :-(
So nice outside!
i'm disappointed :/ i was excited, but you gotta do what you gotta do when it comes down to it
Some types of hair loss may be temporary and reversible with proper diet, nutrition and supplements
between snooki's pregnancy & USA's victory, it was not a good day for us eye-talians. i embraced italian losses with a peroni
RT : Tonight 7PM ET on : 21 Jump Street's in studio! Plus, the best app for this St Paddy's Day pub-crawl !
Last night I saw a pile of nachos as big as a watermelon sliced length-wise & turned upside-down. They love their Mexican-ish food in Omaha!
ill dance jus not rite now
Just finished a LONG day of working & by far my fav thing to do is scroll entirely through Instagram, so I don't miss any photos. Nerd alert
Who else headed to the to watch the tonight? I'll be there.
Police: NFL Legend and fmr Miami Dolphin Junior Seau found dead at California home
headed to #xdlab now and I'm glad they are showing a movie 'cause I've been up since 3:30am - Nap time :) j/k
the elevator idea!
Wisconsin cuts a pretty sweet deal... Home again, home again, jiggity jig!
Real Live Preacher~ When you really trust someone you have to be okay with not understanding some things.
ugh i know i feel so special too!!
Live Life Reckless
Soo bored. Somebody please tweet me
How's the tweeting going Adream?!
Pro fisherman need to keep it reel
Starting the two-week break before my next class starts! Intellecual Property Law litigation!
Ahh cheer practice always leaves me tiredd!:/
Can't wait to shoot this new blast out!!!!
Do either of you know of any other athletes I can incessantly beg to get #SB4y tickets? I am so deserving
totally, and a refreshing change of pace after rage a holic riley
It's 7 min & weaker track except for last stanza. RT : why would you want to skip to the end?
Twiturm.com - F.O.E DA CLIQUE - DIS IS THE LIFE FROM THE FORTH COMING MIXTAPE twiturm.com/i9uo5
btw, my names sharae, u should come play in Oahu Hawaii! Ill come!
HES GOT THE HAMMER AGAIN YA BITCH
Have you seen the new addition to the Janie and Jack baby boy line??? So many cute things.
Busy Sat.! Seeing then headed to Big Wang's to watch #UVa whip up on the Auburn Tigers in the Chick-Fil-A Bowl! Let's go Hoos!
i'm sure we did. enjoyed reading your interview. (though i finish reading every book i start.)
If you're interested having me teach a class at your institution (in-person or online), email me:
me and are watching it today...can't wait...
I have been mad busy lately...and it doesn't look like I will be slowing down...I hope that is a positive thing lol wbu?
lol, thanks bro. Yep Laala is my sister! wish I could make the writing event on saturday- pls take notes for us!
This resteraunt is strange.
To support HBOs move into non-vampire, non-werewolf, non-dragon, non-Tyrion programming, I'm watching an episode of
Any specific focus for the charity?
That place looks like a 24/7 Gay Pride parade, not that there's anything wrong with that.
#whatihate when all girls do is complain how fat or ugly they are, when they have a beautiful body and gorgeous
There's a girl who works there named Sheila, she's dating Sherri's son/Mara's brother (the host of the shower today) Say hi :)
Thanks@ It is coming back. I just want to find 1 more, so I can finish!
Meghan McCain Says the Obamas Deserve an “Emoticon” of Privacy [VIDEO] -
Try it after a 6-pack? “: Ever walk up a hill backwards? Crazy feeling of falling without falling. Try it.”
stuff is amazing there
We also officially have a hashtag for everyone to use - are you ready? It's #MDFF12! *kermitflail*
Thanks for checking it out! We hope you like it - what did you think?
Just picked up the graphic novel Photographer abt Lefevre's exp in afghanistan in 1986 with Doctors w/o Borders from Arlington Library
The single most important measure of success is to develop an unwavering motivation.
#world follow up ?
R u my friend or u trying to bring me down Idc if u bring me down I build myself up stronger
Don't even have to ask homie Im there #historical RT : WHO is coming to see ME & KiD CuDi perform on the #CUDLIFETOUR ???
Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of going after yours. #lifequotes (source unknown)
Awaiting a proposal (and no, not the wedding type :)) - Happy Friday everyone!
RT : Settling for less than we deserve is so 2010
Giving getting head
I was watching that do and it was incredibly awkward!! Can you imagine having to relive that moment on tv!?
Awesome. Glad you liked it! And thank you for sharing, appreciated!
I think I eat and drive more than I text and drive
You should make your 2012 trip to our event!
All that bullshit ..
You didn't need to have such a great game vs the Bengals. U needed to do bad so the Steelers would have taken the north..LOL
i love it! waves to you through the gray from #westseattle whilst drinking tea instead of coffee
Cousin! Best twitter suggested follow ever. :)
my sincerest apologies for cutting you off this morning 😘
I know beach :)
"If by "lady" you mean "pirate", then yes baby, that's you."-
#WhatIMissMost is being a lil' kid!
thanks for the add & ! much love :)
moved my workspace and it smells like diapers down here
Why are you so perfect
Imagine, that Austin teach you how to dougie ♥_♥
better yet, have sing at your wedding :)
Outer beauty attracts, but inner beauty captivates. ~Kate Angell
#ronpaul is the guy to get real change in Washington
Great! Where do you want to go? RT : I have got to study abroad!!
About to eat my first , lunch special. What's your fav deep dish pizza place?
Is FREAKING BLIND -_______-
RT : tonight was fun.
no guy that likes a girl who's perfect.
is following me on I feel so special
Again Joanna blogged internal dissension
What did you think
was goody bro
Me too! RT : Im an adult who still wakes up, thinks my hair is too long, and proceeds to cut it with a pair of dull scissors.
... well, we've been admonished to live in the present, haven't we!
Thnx for the follow. WE're following you here & WE'll check u out on linkedin.
my ex and I was chillin for a bit after school and he tried kissing me a few times, i didnt really want him
They just played the pledge of allegiance on the radio. I didn't know that was in the top ten
Let me find out ppl fskw . Thats Y U MAD ? Aha shame on yu "/
you're not shedding pounds by walking everywhere in the city?
thank you
Thanks! Just 3 more to go!! (Including Easter Sunday, the thought of which brings on pangs of anxiety!)
Susan Boyle is a great example for your kids - do not let differences or disabilities stop you from pursuing your dream!
I will keep that date Clear.
Glad our CEO is from Boston!
#check « huh if ur gonna tweet dnt take all day lol»
it's weird.
#WordPress #Tools Alexa Rank – Display your Alexa rank with pride.
Omg its raining hard nd I got to get of da bus noo take me bac home
With the homie Edgar in class
Ha! Fuck, that tops them all. Signing off of Twitter for good. I got what I came for. Thank you, sir.
Done. Thanks!
your a mess lol
He's pissing me off
yeah I'm fine now, thanks!(: but when the cops came I was crying & they thought I was hurt..I was crying b/c I couldnt see 1D haha
I'm happily employed, but it seems like compiling one master list from that eleventy billion might help other librarians.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 36
Thanks, Sarah!
We'll find a way
Why are these seats so comfortable. I don't wanna sleep during avengers. D:
You are tireless! Appreciated! :)
Ha! RT : Halitosis Is Very deadly..
Our Homework Help has been cancelled for the day. Apologies for the inconvenience!
Of Course! Love what you guys are up to!
how do you know xx
Shout-out to our latest kickin' country music station follower, KISS Country!
Every time I hear that song I go back<33
because it would be intimadating i guess... like id rite anything mean on it to you, but still
": I need all the hood shiiiiiiit!!!!! 3TIMEZ"=it's on
In the office for first time in 10 days. Between council, lita board, horizon retreat, & nephews birthday weekend-it feels like years.
Landed - let the C19ing start!!
Being in a relation/ is nice to share & be loved but u must admit when u r single is awesome just to be careless & do w/ u want no worries
Yes! That's more like it...
Snap a picture for us Edgar!
Hurray, Hurray...It's the 1st of May..,AM work-outs start today!
Today is the Twilight's first Softball Team meeting. Starts at 6 at Twilight if you'd like to play! It's co-ed so the ladies are welcome!
Chalking this one up as a #WIN. :)
Saddened to hear of the death of composer Milton Babbitt. I heard he loved baseball.
Oh, you saw the review! Good! And btw, if you ever teach a conference workshop somewhere, I will travel to go. Seriously.
Happy Easter Everyone
Love what you saying here...I am a tru follower through attraction...Remembering the days of Honie Designs!
He says "hi" with a huge smile on his face!
hey didn't i tell u i can make u laugh
I realized that I feel like Cady Heron as I spend more times with girls.
happy b-day! Sounds like its a good 1! Would come meet ya, but I'm in my pjs already! Merry christmas!
who wrote this script? "adele: welcome back!" ? and this is the first (and only?) time paul will be referred to as an og
Can't think of a WORSE acronym than ABNOAEBOR... We should probably just stick to RABBITS.
We've launched 5 websites in the past 2 weeks, including MidwestProducts.com and EliteAestheticsSpa.com. Stay tuned for more.
probably not till producers stop picking the camera ;-)
Learn to mute your farts. It can only help you josh dachs
“: Montana always #1” - um what about Elway?
14°degrees here in michigan... Oh how I miss california :(
I won't follow U UNLESS U have a description of yrself on yr profile. Don't think for a min that I'll follow any1. Im NOT that stupid...
aw idk either ignore that :D
those kinds of guys are perfect
Dear man in the car picking his nose Please realize that just because you are in your car doesn’t mean that you are hidden from the world
Love Support!!!
Don't forget tomorrow is Sausagefest at 5 outside Valhalla with free drinks and food! Great beer and sausage, come one come all!
Wow, thanks for the RT!
I can't stop laughing :')
shout out to my newest follower Thanks for following! :D
Just six more day until my birthday........
I understand the frustrations, but on a day to day basis our work reflects a real access for community voice
when you figure out which spot is best let me know lol
Check our Likes, they are still under 100! Get in line now for thee biggest event to go down live on facebook!
SHOUT OUT TO THEM!!
Did the sales report come out? My frd who worked the auction last night said the buyer was on the phone so she couldn't tell...
Eh, probably not. I'll email you so we can coordinate another time.
WHATTTTUUUUPPP TWITTER ♥ I'M BACK :D FIRST OF ALL : PLEASE FOLLOW THEM THEY WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK ! Thanks ♥
I linked the image so that when you update my tweet would always refer to the correct comic - most of my followers are...
The concept of tattoo's are to be found very helpful. They serve as excellent warning labels. QUOTE BY MY WISE OLDER BROTHER.
then I will be able to Come down and visit
IK SHE JUST GOT SMART WITH ME IM SO SICK OF HER GUSSE WAT SHE TOLD MY TWIN LAST WEEK
I am told we'll be getting something like that in March. Also, that we will soon be getting laptops for inhouse use
I JUST CAN'T :\
WHAT WAR ON WOMEN? "GOP Plans To Dramatically Scale Back Protections For Abused Women"
Thanks! If anyone wants more info let us know! RT I just plugged you in my Spanish class while presenting on Costa Rica
Went to the dentist today but given how many children there were, it felt like I was visiting my pediatrician.
done:) thanks for the follow btw<3
Time to go from being the World's Greatest Dad & Husband to World's Greatest Whatever The Hell It Is I Do For A Living. Or Something.
I KNoee Causee I Be BOred
All this rain is keeping us OFF THE ROOF!
aww thank you do much! (:
Everytime!!!! Nd when we got done bytches was hating heavy!
Tavis and CW.*shaking head* Are we going to have to call the Drop Squad?:)
Just walked by someone's office and saw that they are eating 2 bags of Olive Garden breadsticks for lunch... 😳
I may live in Nashville but I still #BLEEDBLUE! would be proud rocked my #STLBLUES hoodie 2 the PREDS game last night!!
I'll try to swing by tonight. anyone else?
Just finished soundcheck at Mercury Lounge and really looking forward to tonight's show. Starts at 730p, so come on out, NYC!
if you follow me I could DM you with more information about ThingLink
#Frozen Planet!
yup you are!
I think it was one of the cutest games of all time. You want cute? Look to that game and my good friend Cute!!
Caps without a doubt.
qq I hate school
I'm being super lazy about writing this game recap. :|
oh no! What happened?
Happy birthday to ! Go get them. #catchup and everyone should go follow him.
Regardless of what your political views are, I have never in my lifetime seen such disrespect to a 1st Lady and continue to sexualize her.
I'm sad to be leaving New Delhi today, but it'll be good to get home to NY. Had a TOTALLY AWESOME time in India for last 2 weeks!
Yes, definitely. Would love to!
Your welcome!(; Ahaha took you forever to figure out what it meant
I so wish it was a movie :) I totally relate to her...in body and soul.
Thanks for the review, John. How was the food?
Ehh, would be difficult for me even. If I was going, I could try something, but committed to birthday plans with the wife :)
You didn't get 100 likes in your picture because your pretty it's because your clothes are made for a 3 year old
Today: Read the most popular books first, or you may not have a chance to read them all.
Decent half time show...was somewhat entertained. Didn't care for Madonna's new song. Nothing like the classics.
Good race Jeff!! Not bad!! 8th place!!
I don't know about you...but I NEED THAT KOHLER SHOWER they just showed on the GRAMMYS
I'm so proud to not have voted for the 1st #Marxist #President of these United States & I'll be equally proud to correct #History / RT=agree
Davis: Carceral (sp?) technologies are part of everyday life in Palestine.
New rule: if #spurs play during the day, I get off of work.
Yeah I know. Not sure what happened. Are you back in j-town?
You gon' slip n' fall my boy.
Attending #Gov2.0 in D.C. be sure and visit Open Source for America.org table. #OSA Many of the Steering/Board will be there.
that's where we'll go :-)
Curious about the pending impact of the slashing of the federal graduate student loan program? It was a GOP demand last year.
i miss you too /: how has your artwork been? its been forever since ive seen it.
RT : will get his due in pre-draft talk. He's a legit 1st rounder.
Such great sponsors we have!
I'm serious, do not dislocate your kneecap because it will still be hurting even 4 weeks later.
Proud of Obama. This is huge!
[With SignUpGenius,] I have become much more organized, and have saved a lot of paper in the process! ~Teri Hartman, Youth Director, Texas
what the hell was Al thinking?
Sad to hear about the death of Adam "MCA" Yauch at 47. I wore out my "Licensed to Ill" tape when I was a kid. Long live the Beasties
Plan to do something out of the ordinary today?! Share your ideas!
One last essay that I'll put off until the last night at midnight and I'm done!
follow back pls ?:)
man u kno I can't go long without u
Quote of the day: "If you plan to get somewhere, don't follow others. Make your own path."
good! A testament to the hard work that they do and the teacher(s) that lead them!
Lots to do today before I (finally) get to see the Avengers! Yay!
For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward
Q&A at the Fast Funny Passionate session has been hilarious. Humor in the early morning is an acquired skill.
A company can sponsor an entire university getting access to the FT for one year and brand themselves to those students every day!
Your nice xP (sarcasm)
Thank you for being a valued customer! Looking forward to watching this partnership grow.
you will be missed</3
