lol come on. i've been waiting this long.
pujols. Someone's gotta eat the blame for the money lost on that contract
Story time ☺ is reading me #CatchingFire 💜
is the guy who sells the "Boyle Hts" t shirts over there tonight?
Miami-Dade Public Schools confirms that there WILL be school tomorrow. Standby for updates as we get them.
Don't even wish.. Be proud of your nationality... And my name is fheed..
Blane.... How king are yall singing and drinking, lol. You going on more than once?
Just curious, which weather station do you use for the temp at #SantiamPass on ur newscasts?
Take Me With You!!!! Take pics and post them on twitter. It's better than nothing. : 0
Bored ,text.
NE Portland woman gets car broken into, family mementos stolen, hoping you've seen them. Photos, albums, tapes. Let us know!
3 e's: expose, educate, and expand
extremely overrated...
Happy Anniversary to my parents, they've been married 16 years! :D
Thank goodness I'm off on Sunday..are you?
Asleep. Fuck me.
can I wear the medalion?
That guy's good at hitting a baseball. RT : Fielder bp home run - from plate to where it stopped rolling - 611 feet -
let me know when you get here!!
I'm betting we were right!
This all can help move your company from being good at marketing to being great says
hey thanks!
also the ceremonial-magic orgs reference went right over my head. :-p
no lol if anything you should buy me something!jk
..remember as a kid, that sence of peace contentment that enveloped into contentment? Whether religious, political or just profiling the
Nina Dobrev is hot.
I want to gamify everything... EVERY THING
FINALLY you're coming back to Houston and not playing numbers<3 YAY.(:
awe yea I'm always down fa d cause . Whose is it & elements sat .
Just took a nap Time for dinner
Does your campus get caught doing this or is it just mine?
i shall teach it to u:D
#AskMikey what did he feel when he first stepped on the abdc stage? Shout out to denisse vasquez from kansas city
Had my Love going crazy yesterday my Baby was trembling n shaking....... Then he just couldn't take it any mo Smile
-- FOLLOWED! Thank you for the heads up
i Was So Tired , So I Didnt Come To School lol Sorry
It's a dark and stormy morning. I hope all are safe.
haha thank you! :D
jst staying in tonight trynna get some rest.. tomor, different story :)
We rocked it !
pencil me in
Let's see how many more Ferris State interviews ESPN can show tonight.
bastard! And we never even got to meet! I swear I've met more UK, CA, TX, NYC & NJ tweeps than boston ones! :)
alright I'll meet you there!
No apology necessary. They mean a lot to me too.
We have 2 more engineers certified on #Mac! That's a total of 4 Mac certifications!
It's there now!
lol he's a hater too
youll only be 4 hours away from me! :)
just watched Obama's Correspondant's dinner speech! #hilarous i <# obama!
Don't miss the biggest party in Pittsburgh tonight at Static! For VIP info email - few tables left!
the episode was epic love u and the cast
What a way to start out May!
I just called this heffa and she didn't pick up wow
New favorite on campus coffee shop #ucla is full of suprises
What's up stranger????
#THATCamp #LAC campers in the , eat breakfast there-light breakfast in the library for dorm dwellers. Coffee in the library.
Coming 2 u live on the flip side....
just getting ready to go see tonight at the riverside theatre in milwaukee. You??
#Powerhouse2012 Soul Swagger Ent/Island Def Jam Digi Dist. #JonnyTee "Fresh Like Me" Official Clipper Anthem. YouTube Video.
Our singer wrote it when he first meet his his wife 3 years ago :)
Affordable and Accessible health care? Including full and equal access to health care for women? Yes, Please!
for some reason i'm not ready to turn 24 yet
Ugghhh...just trying to survive the day.
is this about baseball? If so, I am disappointed in you liking the Orioles. If iit's NOT, eww.
Oh thats a unibrow? Sorry, I thought it was a sweatband.
is hiring!
Why do we say our bodyparts are "asleep"? Really isn't that bodypart more awake cause it's extra sensitive and reacts to every movement
all is well. In San Fran right now.
BEHOLD! Our Chicken Caesar Salad Wrap! Served with your choice of sides and a warm feeling of making a fine lunch decision.
Being single again = my inner ho comes out.
So what your saying is it's okay for a guy to hit a girl..No! #DumbassMathTeacher!
Viva la revolution.
In the lower sections behind home plate. RT : Question for anyone, Does Miller Park have Wi-Fi?
thats ok. I go for the baseball :)
hi!...thanks
Walking to work hungover second day in a row. Saw a greaser dude on a bike that I'm pretty sure is a model
sent that DM ;)
I didn't know that until recently either. There's a lot about ALEC I didn't know about.
Haha oh I completely agree with you there. Have you been to San Fran? Or what about Orange County?
Teaching @ The Collective Today in NYC book a lesson.....POOF!!!!
How do I cite your work on sickness narratives in my new essay on medical authority in early modern letters? Book or blog?
I'm really going to miss those highly-informative political campaign ads.
That's why you have me. As well as being your code and research monkey, I am also your sarcasm detector monkey.
Hey Kimberly - Thanks for the retweet. Good luck with THE RIVER WITCH!
you a funny person
Tonight's Linux user group talk is about #Arduino and #Beaglebone. And #Weller is still making soldering irons and #Xcelite toolkits.
I Dont Know ! :S
Lebron: best actor award of Game 5 in Eastern conference finals.
I would blame paying for jewelry but everyone knows that is reasonably priced!
who needs google when you have Dave?!?!
Not exactly. The US government just said, "let's allow the Treasury to pay for all of the spending we've already enacted." Huge diff.
They will never know, that's for certain. I mean, how could they.
is it just me or did that tweet trigger a bunch of spam? Lol
I just watched an entire episode of Smash, and it wasn't because I was trapped under something heavy... I have no explanation.
let time tell it all bro... All it take is for it to get in the right hands..
Good luck Scott Darren Williams
oh. Ok. I can clean up. Ill be up for awhile anyway. G'nite you two
Economists at NE Univ. in Boston recently found corp profits captured 88% of income growth b/t the 2 quarter of 09 and the 4 quarter of 10
got little white english kids> < calling mutha fuckas nappy headed hoes...I CAN'T!
Hey girl! Can you bring the iPhone charger downstairs sometime today & maybe hang with hungover Jason while Asher plays golf?
Tel your mom 4 me happy mothers day:)
Happy Valentine's Day from everyone here at Joint! Does anyone have any cool plans for today/tonight?
Ooh, the New Hazlett Theater! Fancy!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
The Master of Kushes
Oh, one caveat. I don't actually HAVE a floppy disk drive. So that might be holding me back from having a symphony of 8 of them.....
Nice RT Keeping Austin Weird....meditation flash mob on the lawn of my office...on cars too! Namaste. yfrog.com/gyz79lxj
I love you too!!! Whoo!!
ima pretend like you're not, where we watching the fight?!!
Stop tweeting
what move to Florida it's already been a yr from the time I said 2 yrs. that was February of last yr
On to: Soulless by Gail Carriger.
Oh Ronaldo what a run but offsides. Wow he was on. Nice pass.
“: I refuse to be a Baby Daddy...” nigga I can dig it
You just gonna move away :(
Just came back from running 4 miles this morning! In the Carolinas.
I must say that Lu-Murano chandelier image was awesome. Couldn't believe what I was seeing. You take great photos. Moving.
..jus' linked up to ethernet .. so much faster...
Day 53 of 100: I am thankful for feeling grateful in the wee hours of the morning.
Welcome back to #Milwaukee, Hank Aaron. commencement speaker was a great ballplayer, but is an even greater man.
Christin Crocker's 2-RBI single gives South Alabama the 4-2 lead in the top of the eighth, one out, two on base.
I hate folding metal chairs
The block button is my new best friend.
I wish I had that friend I can call at night, not be embarrassed of them hearing me cry, & fall asleep knowing they're still on the phone.
I didn't change it!! Haha it just hasn't fully loaded yet or something lol. I just changed it.
Got the good jug ..
#Timberwolves played hard tonight. Ty guys
haha yussh(: pretty great username, I know(: you'll be addicted in a little while haha(:
Without education, you're not going anywhere in this world
There are more than 5,500 children in Virginia ready to me adopted. -random excerpt from the news.
"But a baby boy with whiskers, I never saw before...."
In honor of Maurice Sendak, I will not watch the atrociousness that is the Where the Wild Things Are movie.
At the yof board meeting. Just inducted Sudy kudva & Tyler Ronald. Glad to have you guys!!
RT He can touch MC Hammer
“: "I like it a little burnt". No, you don't. You just suck at cooking.”
so i just saw your videos…and i think I'm in love? Please be from Miami
omg, just cried seas watching that video made for ♥ i love you so much, you're my inspirations!
“: taco bell is disgusting.” amen.
where did he drop that missing ball?
made a strawberry banana smoothie...yummy! delicioso! :)
8th graders are so stupid
I am in the worst fucking mood.
- wishing you plentiful unicorns and a rainbow of skittles in your mouth on your birthday - you big beardo.
YEAH do u play any sport??? i do volleyball and gymnistics
Ugh . Ice Age 4 ... not coming soon enough !
We had a productive day.
gigging bro
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you care.
opens drop down box. last option is report as spam. this will block them from your list of followers as well.
Packed house at the funnybone. Showtime. Let's laugh it up
The odds of being born male are about 51.2%, according to census.
If you don't have software yet to explore and test your user experience, start with a competitive product.
#FF Our Musicians/New Order (via )
Only a female would go to a home depot to save money on bottled water haha
Just woke up thankin God for another day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh goodness.
Cool! rt : Yes, I did! It was pretty good, not everything it was hyped up to be, but still ...
no gave up our 3rd and 5th]
“: Can't believe my sister actually has a "drive your tractor to school day" !! Hahahahahhaha”
I only eat the caramel filled chocolates out of the heart shaped containers filled with candy that u get on Valentines day.
Why do ghetto ppl think they look good?
Negatives: cancelled going to my fave, IA Summit; en route to mourn uncle's death. Positives: mediated successfully today; pneumonia done.
Your home away from home! Come celebrate the end of the school year with
the only thing that keeps me going is Austin
#IGoToCoralParkWhere we have Rick Ross and a white Snoop Dogg as securities
no gunfire tonight? None here. Quiet night.
Today is goin by TOO slow. Ugh.
NYC friends, go see my sister! RT Come visit me & my jewelry at today! I have a table from 10-7
I salute you,
Dude sitting next to me on the trolley is sporting a disc man... Awesome!!
YES. That is also on the list!
so excited that I get to wear a dress today! and I'm going to put away winter clothes tonight!
it's called scattered showers for a reason sweet heart which means it ain't raining everywhere....duh Paige ;3
great analogy about house burning. Agree there are much better builders/contractors to rebuild. He should have seen signs.
Congrats!! My whole praxis was on speech science...still not sure how I passed!!
Someone should bring me a sprinkled donut to school tomorrow. I promise i'll pay you back ~
GoodMorning (waits For Replies) ;-)
Moving Meditation class based on Contemplative Dance Practice tomorrow at 11:00 All levels Welcome! $17
Join us for Happy Hour tonight! 5-7 pm. Enjoy 2 hrs of 2-4-1 specials on all wines by the glass! Stop by!!
RT if you like fast food
Yay Clippers! Now Heat and Pacers. Pacers looking good! F the Heat!
good good good. And you?
oh congrats on your graduation!
lol yes it is ;) I stayed right down the street the hard rock...might have a hot new artist to send your way too
Rosetta's Kitchen and Tupelo Honey!
“: Oral stimulation may just be the trigger to wake your #Capricorn sleeping beauty!” HYFR :D
Tell me you are bringing some love into my home today RT : iight.
Who are these Eagles? Wow.
Tonight's Special: Smothered Pork Chops Over Rice w/ Cornbread!
Sex is on my mind
"Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." -Leon J. Suenes
I also HATE this picture I have right now -___-
:D yayayay. Well I'm sorry I didn't bring you any back. I'm such a jerk.
World Cup Soccer for Monday: Japan vs Cameroon 7am (live) - Paraguay vs Italy 11:30am (live) - Netherlands vs Denmark 6:30pm
followed u ; )
People I wish would tweet: Lewis Lapham, Rob Brezny, Mark Morford, Laurie Anderson, NN/G, Stephen Hawking, Dave Eggers, Edward Tufte...
this girl told me bout 1... movie25 .com
I have 6 different brands of highlighter
when can I see you
thanks for the follow! If you ever are looking for a speaker on talent management initiatives, let me know!
With term life you will pay a small fraction on premium amounts each month, compared with permanent insurance
Best of luck David. You've done good work here.
O HAI! "The Library as Indicator: Evolution or Extinction"
The chosen forever aloners
I do!
After experiencing Christ's unconditional, unfathomable love, how could I ever be the same?
sure sweet dreams bro
you goofy
Yo 2011 what did you do that you didnt get a chance to do....? In 2012 it's time to do it cause your time is precious,life short so Live&luv
Thanks so much for mentioning our organization!
You're welcome! We're skating hard and trying to keep our stick on the ice!
Starting out Day 2 at #wla12 with "Programming with a Boom!" (about baby boomers). Hello, LIS 560 paper fodder.
Gov. Scott Walker's new jobs numbers show 57,000 swing in job creation last year, going from negative to positive.
Congratulation, I'm your 3,400th follower :P
Michellebells88 a kickback wit beer pong tables, music playin, bbq and ppl swimmin if pool aint too cold lol
you never text me back though.
Happy trigger, medium girl, personality traitor, antibionics, cuddlesome, idiot armor, Lou Robinson: never revenge, never regret.
You jus mad cuz girls only want you cuz you got good hair lol
No, really. I am about to make it a sleeping bag. RT : so, anyone want a ginormous steampunk my little pony/hello kitty bag?
welcome to twitter!
The argument that "tradition" dictates that marriage should be between a man & woman is utterly ridiculous.
Tonight is a great night to reassess goals and focus on the things you are most passionate about. (at-least, that's what I'm going to do)
What's a makeover without a celebrity make-up artist to work her magic! Thanks Johnson's for sending to the #MomsFF Suite
I do agree on the no party plan bvut I didn't make the rules and try to pick the lesser of two evils.
Scheduled? You don't have to schedule an oil change at Express Lube. We can service most vehicles in 20 minutes.
Wow. Just had major 'sleepy voice' on the radio this morning.
There were three different times during his run around the bases where a little more effort would have been enough for Castro to be safe.
“: #nobodysawthat” We saw that
Thank you,
Just when you think it's good- it's not.
Yes! DM us your email address. Thanks for considering!
did you lie lol I'm waiting to see pauley... its way past 10... :(
Watching Paul mooney instead..
Everyone rolls through stopsigns here in California.
Are you a Tennessee Williams fan by choice or osmosis? :)
[ATTENTION] The Tennessee Secretary of State’s office is backlogged and is currently taking about 2 weeks to complete #UCC search requests.
Tell us about the largest fund raiser you were ever a part of. Best will be featured in a new blog!
I'm pretty sure he looked at me as he was leaving though haha
I really don't . I'll keep calling until you pick up cause now you made me mad .
Getting to bed b4 11:00>>> ....good night
Memorial Day liners from your favorite country artists, and Brad Paisley talks about his new album! Up now in Artist Audio!
Yup! How long has it been since I actually like... Saw you though?
"Luther" is a fantastic show. As far as movies go, watch "Street Thief: Who is Kaspar Carr"; otherwise "Hawaii, Oslo" is also great.
I think I slept with a boulder lodge against my shoulder last night. Ouch. I need a massage.
we should trend #hornyforjustin again LMFAOO. i wanna see of jeremy will tweet "this better not be about my son"
Going fishing with my good and guide-worthy friend.
yes they are, but unfortunately they are only on sale till may 1st,
technically it's people who repost their foursquare checkins to twitter. 'cause lots of us don't. i just stop following them.
im already following u it say im taychill1 on instagram
RT Its hard 2wait around 4 something u know might never happen; but its harder 2 give up when u know its everything u want.
It's a lovely day to be heading to #aam2012 (even if it's for <24hrs). Excited to help w/5:15pm Idea Lounge on Future of Museum Ethics!
Today was full of surprises. All good.
lol jk. im not legit mad at you. IM mad at abel though -__-
"I prefer not to be on the cover"
Im from baton rouge but stay in westmemphis stackin'
I Truly Need Some new Followers
I have a huge crush on :)
I need more energy to finish this first round EvE article.
What is your favorite type of necklace? A. Rosary Bead B. Link Chain C. Curb Chain D. Ball Chain E.Spiral Chain
Heading home from #C12LV. Had a great time talking to #Oracle #Webcenter customers, partners, and #C12LV attendees.
I gotchu what's your email
Impromptu dance with the other night; I'm an instant fan.
Thanks very much for posting and RTing our Un-Competition Project!
Looks pretty cool.
and that's walter kazee
Goodbye April. To sum your month up, you were STUPID. March ROCKED. Bring on May!
You tell me you had sex last night & you tell me that you like me a lot, your a whore
U better hurry uhp nd txt me
okay texting her now. Are you doing okay? I miss you very much :-)
Best song ever
Grilling and unsupervised use of power tools. It must be summer
Jonny Flynn & Luke Babbitt will start tonight for the #Blazers tonight against the
O.A.R. still better than
DWTS needs to call #chadevans2! #wronglyconvicted for a murder w.out physical evidence? That's crazy!! Wake up Mr. Governor in NH! WAKE UP
I came up with a bunch of hilarious tweets when I was showering and now I cannot remember them.
I still have not a clue what to wear!
Huge thanks for the #FF! Have a great week
No school for me today...-_-
Since you live in Florida you should do a concert in NORTH FLORIDA.. maybe Jacksonville , Florida (; ...please? <3
YAYYYY! Ill throw down boo!
Just Sent A Fye Ass Beat!!!
appropo for your location
Fluid hardens to solid, solid rushes to fluid
vcu will foul and milk several more seconds.
My ex is bringing home boudin. :-)
Prepping for 1st trip to London for
RT : Q3) How does LoD differ in corporations vs academia?
Last meal in Anaheim CA before flight. Mission accomplished.
Seriously, stop complaining about all your "injuries" until you experience a REAL injury. You play soccer. Suck it up.
that's graduation day isn't it?
San Diegans, where R U watching the Philly-Pittsburgh hockey game? What bar? One of my minions wants 2 leave wrk early & I'm going to help.
Thesis is rolling right along. So far, I've gotten 10 survey responses and 1 CV.
What can I say I love me some females lol To b real, I do know when a girl says no. Just naughty tweetin u, love ;)
Nice to see both of you yesterday. Cheers to getting away from the desk!
Our pleasure. Let us know how everything goes. :)
Aww my teeth are starting to hurt :/
LmaooooRT : Just saw a chick instagram that owns a birkin in deadass every color ... Shitting on my entire life lmfao
These girls are dustier than my now 11 cd
are you going?
Thanks #ubericon for celebrating the monorail's 50th birthday in style!
I have so many deep and interesting thoughts that need to be documented on the internet forever
American idol
Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
It's a new beginning <3
ahh aight then I'm not gonna say hi :(
Work, graduation party, work, graduation party, work = Awesome weekend!
can we have a sleepover?
I can seriously fall asleep at the drop of a hat lately.... Scary when driving!
U gone learn when she start giving the next nigga what she use to give u
Can't wait any longer. Let's do this ish already
HELLO WORLD JUST WANT TO GIVE SHOUT OUTS TO THE REAL HUSTLERS IT DOESN'T MATTER HOW YOU GET IT JUST AS LONG AS THE OUTCOME IS INCOME :-) :-)
Up early, listening to Junk Bond Trader. Today should be dope.
- Seriously dude, it's #DIETribes ;)
Just ate a lot of Chinese & now Alex persuaded me to go to the gym because he's going to teach me some weight lifting moves.
agh u asked me to guess!? see now u gotta give details lol
twitter says I'm following you. Are you sure?
lol yea thats bad thats y i always have a stash jest in case
The police are out! Be careful yall!
Thanks for the listings!
Anyone want to play some racquetball around 6:30? Step into my office
going to be in Vegas in jan.. anyway to get peepshow tickets?
Big news coming our way... stay tuned in the next few days!
wuts up keith
remember when you would always make me laugh during Spanish class in 6th grade? Omg. We were loud!
I'll treat you with respect and love. You'd never have to worry. I'd always be there for you. I'd make you smile everyday.
RT if you're at
Ready for Saturday to come, so I can see oomf:)
yeah. I know what you mesn
Show us your pin too…or some sort of teaser image/ text to make us click through.
I go to a book for more information. It's slightly disappointing when I do not find it.
Too many unforced turnovers for Lakers
Thank you! :)
Live streaming now for horns & rhythm retro hymns.
Lord knows I'm about to blow up
Last day <3 , "summer summer summer!"
Getting ready for #spin class!
Thanks for the fabulous write-up Stephanie, and for helping us get the word out! Great hearing that from the #1 resource!
A person who always has that glow you can't explain, you should go talk to them.
Small % of cursing. Needs to be used sparingly to drive home a specific point.
I have to wash dishes.... I HATE doing this!! UGH. -_____-
SHOW ADDED! Britton Tavern - Fishers Thursday March 8th 8:00p start time
New iPad to Launch early this year
79 Friday ... 82 Saturday for Ladies night... Wow!! Im posting #CoolsCamera™ photos and editing video tonight. Club MIXX!
No not every meal needs to stay in this range but just be careful of your daily intake of carbohydrates
Valentines day scmalentines day
Thanks darling :)
Yep, didn't sleep last night. Again. Super awesome. Happy Mother's Day to the BEST mom and friend in the world - mine!
wishes I lived with him.
the grave, so that mankind could be saved from the penalty for sin, and spend eternity in peace, joy, and a new life, because God loved us..
Library faculty meeting with the provost soon .. quite jittery, because I don't know what to expect at all.
Kobe is actually sitting out due to injury?! Maybe the world IS ending in December...
Hey Dears:) I'll be in NY next month;) gotta see ya...
#ShootMeNow oh wait BEAUTIFUL
80 degree weather today love Cali
Peace & love my dude!
Holy moly. Homeless Angelinos have camping tents to sleep in. As well as the hottest kicks discarded by Hollywood
Basic generalized sports comment that everyone has already said
4:am forever
I'm compelled to take a camera out and shoot something! With out of commission someone's gotta film!
give me some
Best of Luck Carol! RT : We're looking forward to the Beauty Bus event this weekend at the House of Blues Sunset!
thanks! You too!
RT #ireallywant to be a kid again because it seemed like everything was so easy.
Happy Birthday Mr Techguy. I hope your family feeds you more than Thanksgiving left overs.
can't wait to see you, too!
My most convincing pickup line to the ladies remains "At least I'm not a Kennedy, you'll be fine."
what.the.fuck
Somewhere Armando Galarraga and Jim Joyce are shaking their heads.
is rehearsing the lines for his upcoming episodic principal role as the security guard on the USA Network Television Series "Burn Notice."
i'm so going on an unfollow spree lol
Just spent 30 mins putting my class schedule into my phone's calendar.Sad thing is that was the most productive thing I did all day.
Thanks for recommending us! Sending some #followfriday love right backatcha!
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally of dealing with men. ~ Joseph Conrad
I want to listen to my heart, but my brain just doesn't let me.
I should clarify: this year's PD involves taking notes on using Sharepoint program so I can take notes for PLC.
Think it's a bad sign or a good sign that my waitress right now is wearing a steelers tshirt?
I flipped my mom off. She didn't care. 😂
Can't wait for the Daytona 500!!! (: i go every year with my #daddy <3
steph and Hanna liked that movie a lot. Its a good kids movie
I'm not saying I'm right but I'm not wrong killed me to do it but it had to be done.
Ahh!!! End of summer. I wish I could snap my fingers and be done! Editing the edits.
Reddit threads scale shockingly well.
Does United know? I can't tell
My daughter has basically been sick all week 😥 now my son is starting to 😔
Having trouble posting logos onto Facebook pages. Use "auto detect by FB", but it pulls the wrong logo. Is there a secret?
True But Hell HAlf Of Da True Bops And Hoes Ainn Even Really On Da Page
partially, yeah. I'm still trying to unpack this for myself. And this isn't all responses, either. Some seem better than others.
QOTM: Are you testing my right eye? Because I don't have a right eye.
but oh well
Nobodys a virgin... life screws us all.
Yet again, impresses me with their customer service & speedy security check. Thanks for helping this trip start right!
I wanna go to hooters tonight to watch the thunder game <3
i'll take NY in any kind of weather!!
#GDC have a great low-tech recruting booth, but showing #HardenTheFuckUp video - getting more attention than the most $$ booth
looking for #dogfriendly restaurant in #clt. Already tried revolution pizza in noda. Is there anywhere in #southend or #elizabeth?
I just saw you have no tweets. I'm bored. Let's start Quacker.
I saw your fab team on Friday! Missed you!
Cool! Quinn's at 7. I'll be there.
Saw #discovery out the window of our office.
aww i guess :) where do you livee?
That would be so much fun! Any chance we can get Gray to move the location to Florida this year?
Samardzija is off to a great start this afternoon. Glad to see him in the starting rotation.
great hair!
Morning Monkeys! Ashtanga starts at 10am today with Marissa at our South Miami Treehouse!
Graham dining hall
I know, right? Cheap entertainment :)
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
I cant believe that Lee DeWyze is still trending at #1. I hope crystal Bowersox wins. She has had my vote since her first Janis Joplin song.
Shoutout to our newest TWEEPS! Thanks for following us!
No great leader in history fought to prevent change.
and what have you ever won? Find a real story.
very slowly but very surely
Bonne St. Valentin!- ( to gentleman that came in the shop earlier- afterward, i did remember you! Happy Valentine....)
I Should Be On T.V. They Way I Tell-A-Vision...
Best line in a movie by a good looking woman..."Get him off as fast as u can" -Demi Moore A Few Good Men
no problem
They're playing Christmas music in Wal-Mart. AH!
Learning how to be influential where I have no true authority.
How will you feel when you finish that task you've been putting off? Let that feeling propel you into action. Tally ho!
of course I do! :)
I knew what you meant :)
Not the same OD without the #TribeTalk! RT : Happy Opening Day, Tribe fans! With you at Progressive Field in spirit!
What am I trying to prove!
NEW MUSIC COMING SOON...LOL
We have a bunch more from the trip! Should we post them? Didn't want to go overboard? :)
Thinking about switching my hours up a little for the summer
All you care about is fruit and touching yourself, fuck you.
wishing you the best day!!
I am so ampeed about all of the fantastic finds I've found on Twitter tonight. All of my Plus+ Luv goes out to everyone I am now following!
possible news interview tomorrow on the Matthew Turner story
Kansas State Wildcats 3/8 ′ ‘Powercat Heart ’ Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
no, unless you mean the grown men slapping each other with foam swords at summit city.
a plastic wallet for leavers book to go in ha x
Love my new followers
I should be studying. #storyofmylife No Just Kidding I will......in 5 minutes.
It's funny that everyone is making a big deal about Jeremy Lin's ethnicity. Then they interview him with a backdrop that says MSG
When you block someone from your tumblr, they can still see it. Thanks for cussing me out. You're so mature.
It's Just Begun, Apache and Sex Machine!
it's a good club to be in!
Sampan was AWESOME!!!!! Thanks to Jonathan @ the Lowes for the recommendation.
Ah, I wanna perform at teenhoot so bad..
Wont be Happenin when i get this WIP though!
lol that's pretty cool! Ok kiddo- safe travels & keep in touch!
Heh. But you wouldn't want a behemoth dog spitting on that! I don't care if she slobbers on the Focus.
RT : I wish Rachel and Susan knew how MUCH of an impact they each had. Incredible and inspiring legacy.
Be still my heart. She was one of my first crushes.
“: We're not close anymore, but I'll be there if you need me.”
ah I love you so much <3
Enchilada sauce with a fusion of #Cuban and #Creole flavors, way better than your average red sauce from Tonita's Kitchen...
couldn't agree more. From our experience, good editors are an extension of their writers and their biggest fan.
Ive watched this baby grow + Im so proud of my team every year who helps to make this thing a reality for #Sacramento to enjoy
Is so gorgeous<3
“: come to Jamie's!!” I'd love to work with you all!! Obsessed over Jamie's all weekend ;)
could be cool to glitch that "whoah" into a secondary post chorus hook where it hits 2:42 fun track too!!
you re gonna probably look so different !! Still I'll always love you I'm a true mahomie a.a.f <3
GET OUT OF THE HOUSE TODAY, AND VOTE! CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICAN, OR LIBERTARIAN! VOTE!
pffft~I am the smartest follower u have...a lb of feather weighs > bcs gold is measured in troy oz which is only 12 instead of 16
Who says, cookies are perfect for any meal!
Malinowski: while in protest against Formula1, they see riot police and people run back, his first taste of pepper spray
Went outside to smoke a cig and a cat I've never seen jumped on the porch, ran up and rubbed its head against my leg, seems apropriate
Do you have like marijuana card ---
I have a black card and your broke ass gotta debit .
Thank you for the RT!
Great seeing you, too! I knew I recognized you!
well the people that KNOW the truth wont stop following.. i know i wont:)
You know you're having a good day when beer starts following you. And you're welcome.
Palazzo pants! Wish I had saved mine from the 70s, I imagined myself a short version of !
As is this amazing free agency frenzy. As fans, what did we lose? HOF game? I'll live. Lack of Hard Knocks hurts, tho.
I believe the key to a great commencement ceremony is keeping it focused on the students who are graduating, and keeping it brief...
you up for dinner next week while you're here?
and each generation finds its own ways of being exceptional
can never go wrong listening to the Good call.
RT : President O: National Hearing on Contraception-- The Man Show :)
Giants kick a field goal and end it. 20-17 Too bad Niners. You played great. It's a Giants Patriots Super Bowl.
Then again, they're gonna attract even MORE band sluts... that you're gonna have to get rid of. ;)
so does anyone watch the commercials you can skip on youtube etc.... I mean ... why would you...
Check your emails as a new monthly special should be in your InBox.
At a wedding tweet at me what your dream wedding would be like :)
#nwpam11 someone told Deb Meier that she could have been a university professor--and they thought that was a compliment.
Thx 4 Interaction #FF I get busier, tweets dwindle... how do I reverse this trend? #needMOREtime!
who is Washed Out? Or are they saying that covering Wicked Game is washed out? Still a good song!!
#TheBeatles are now availible on iTunes. In other news, oxygen has been discovered on Earth.
that I don't doubt
Insomnia during WESTEST week isn't good.
Damn ATM ate my debit card...
...and of course I did. Thought I'd be sorry, but now I'm just impressed.
Also, great book rec. Sanj is hooked on Game of Thrones!
ha , ifeel you
Perfect idea RT : Dont require to register on FB to watch a video but if you do you get benefits CEO
At that rate I am Definitely on my way!
Happy Tuesday for me -- our secretary is picking up lau lau for all of us at Yama's today!
Is 'Pain and Gain' still filming in Miami? Anyone know?
Wondering what's up with the Cambridge MA water main rupture.... Sidewalks and streets collapsing? Gas main also ruptured? Huh?
Extremely disappointing loss in overtime by the Kings in Stanley Cup playoffs resulting in elimination. Had very good season though.
Definitely need to go back to Cali sooner than later
Aww...Thanks! He's just lucky I have my followers to make that overall reach much larger than if it were just him alone.
Playing Balderdash at Intersection for the Arts! The word: CALLIPYGIAN
thanks! Found police scanner radio app. It's free & has a police code list. Wish I had this when neighbor's meth house got raided.
Log onto facebook and open the thing I tagged you in..It's freakin' hilarious!
I'd love to talk with you! In a Facebook seminar today Heshie.
New #SFGiants road unis have a black trim to them. Look a bit old school but can't quite place era. Also can't decide if I like 'em
My iPhone 4 is great...aside from the fact that it barely makes calls. I guess it is better than strapping the iPad to my head.
5 years ago: A U.S.-led coalition operation supported by NATO troops killed the Taliban's most prominent military commander, Mullah Dadullah
They THINK they're trolling
Need to get this tatt touched up
South Dakota? Link please! “: VC deals today in both Mississippi and South Dakota... Good to see some disbursement distribution.”
: Eric Johnson - Head of Outreach & Consulting, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; Resident Nice Guy
Wendy williams look like a damn bunny in this commercial lolol
Then tried to access webmail, but aparently that site is down?
Same sex marriage is fine. I don't think you should be able to marry outside your fanbase. THAT is a huge problem.
Fear factor is one of the highest watched reality show.
Sweet! so glad you're staying a Colt :) Congratulations 98
#sxsw. Sandy, what a great presentation this morning. Great data, great insights.
Nice. I'd go to that, but I'm not spending $50+ just to see Garbage and Silversun Pickups.
Only one on twitter. RT : only one old guy rant today, you're off your game
They say bitches wear that shit so I don't even bother
never was nor will be a Celtic fan Over here....
Moaning noises why ?
so far so good. Waiting on the fight tonight you?
I knew someone once that said he didn't like Strawberry Sundaes. What a freak. lol
Thanks! It was such a fun gig!
Watching Oklahoma destroy the nuggets... M why does the word nuggets make me hungry :-)
RT Sneak preview #KeeperOfTheDragonSword on my blog. #Géra'sGift introduces the series
Stop on by, we have it and more!
The BIGGEST #FF to hubby who lights up my life and makes my home a better place. (Now can I get those new shoes?)
6oclock cannot get here soon enough
u r making me blush! :)
Mornin' sunshine! One after another, cars stall after drivers fill up at an Austin gas station. What's the problem in a live report.
awww you mad ? RT : when you make a parody account, I can't take you seriously
I love that movie. Can you imagine giving $50 in the 60s?
wow...thirteen days i've been absent from the tweet...i might get held back a grade or be forced to take summer classes...sheesh
sorry about that. We are looking forward to seeing a show soon.
I was taking graduation pics today , & the photographer told me I look too young to be graduating -_____-
Yo! #Follow Back - it's Aaron
Wife to A Mom, Grandma, Co-Pastor of Rivergate Church (Formerly Open Bible Fellowship) Tulsa, OK, Hungry for more of God!
Obsessing over Wordpress stats. I just want to break 75 today. Come on. Have the spirit of 76.
I wish I could, Elisabeth. Google has not yet given me any invitations yet to send out for the Wave preview.
Yes! Thank you for the love! RT : was beautiful... Beyond words.... I am in awe of tonight
You know the new music video Christian is in? You should follow the singer in it! :]
RIP, Jose Lima.
You can have anything you want if you will give up the belief that you can't have it. by Dr. Robert Anthony
wow good morning america.... I cant wait to see it
Senor - Dale. Think it's "let's go." Boom.
Ok so I asked her!
No wait. I'm gonna watch Aliens on blu ray. Gift from my brother.
Tell us why you should win the iPad or lunch for two. The post with the most "Likes" win!
totally understandable, thanks anyway! Next time
sure you dusting of your sequins for next weekend!
haha I love that he said they should "roll the dice" what a clown
But I like you guys. We're friends. I think so, at least. We don't have to like all of the same stuff.
Ah. Grrrrr. UgH. Not enjoying this morning.
yuck pea soup look like baby do do lmao
yoooooo shun! Look out your window and tell me what happened :)
Family  where life begins and love never ends.
Decided i will only drink as fast as I can make ice. Good thing I have two ice trays.
found out yesterday I'm having a girl!! :-)
IF YOU MESSIN WITH YOU'RE MESSIN WITH ME. SAY SUMN...
You picked a night to watch #Raw with the return of the
Thanks for teaching me how to alter color codes in html. So fun!
I MISS YOU AND #LittleJacob ):
RT StormDriver Entertainment movie contest is live! Write a funny scene ending and have it made into a movie. Check out our pa
Of course, darling. Have a lovely evening!
iWish Love Didnt Exist .. Then No One Would Get Hurt
Indeed! '-) Thanks!
I called Oakes to pre-verify that tweet. He hung up on me.
I know, me too. It's really one of the few shows left that has merit.
Two ads: red bull zebra; clever. Expedia stitch; fucking stupid and annoying. Do marketing departments get raises or fired over this stuff?
Oh lmao! xD I can never remember their names ;_;
haha I wanna go soon :)
I usually don't like that loud stuff, but The Air I Breathe is pretty cool. c;
I approve!! Only lazy hipster bands still use MySpace
That would be fantastic! It's a very hands on tutorial, attendees would need a laptop and table.
I'm following my friend!!!
omg i love ur twitter background where did u get it?
oh I c
#dameon Fun to be on the live a life you love panel
one main reason i missed is because i wasn't able to mess with her & all her mistakes (':
You will free yourself when you learn to be neutral and follow the instructions of your heart without letting things perturb you.
I really want to see Ichiro Jones get a chance to play everyday. I know how clever I am saying that after 2 hr's
“Mental toughness is not letting anyone break you.” - Jimi Mitchell-
Corrected: Apple's iPad boosts FT online subscriptions
Its gonna be alright
Unfortunately he didn't have any recommendations. Said his wife is a better cook than any of Chicago's Nigerian restaurants.
might be smart, better to have a healthy body than hobbling around...although its hard to admit
nooi, gas station
major changes coming soon!
You beautiful no matter what...
yes im seeing it everywhere
Make it an Irish and we'll talk...
Yeah, 's PR people need to get their act together.
i hate fatt bitches tht think there cool !!!
Did you add a dash of clear vinegar to the water? That helps the egg hold together.
CFF, , & The Morning Blend. Tomorrow!
heck yea! I'm gonna lay out in the sun for just a few more mins and i'll walk back! :)
11:11 you are my life;) my wish is you pls pls pls see this
cool i'll get to work on my yacht wardrobe
I haven't been able to turn my 4g on all day, and my 3g is so slow. WHAT IS THIS TORTURE
Lovely night with the former-roomie, current world traveller. This house has been full of friends since I moved in - the way one should be!
Your back in ATL! Now all yu gotta do is a live preformance for your ATL Beliebers!! :)
I love the way he dance. <33
You're not lonely.
hey Taraji...how are u today
Cherry bombs + car bombs = not a good thing
Oh, thank you! RT : Thanks to for mentioning you. Very glad to have discovered your beautiful blog.
The worst feeling is walking behind your crush and his girlfriend.
I have no idea what that means. As a 'broadcaster' you should be able to effectively convey your message.
Why? Are you looking forward to a Corona? :)
its been storming all week. like dang, can i SLEEP?
The previous pic was from the Wall Street Journal.
I'm a country fan, truly am. But even I think this song might be a little....tired?
Thanks for the #ShoutOut!
RT": Great day to smell the gym a lil bit...nice lil workout/shooting n som rehab"<--REHABBING WHAT? :-/
Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes.
Is it safe to say that Coach Calipari is a great recruiter, but average coach?
Help support PB's upcoming production of Tape by Stephen Belber! Mail your tax-deductible donation to PBTC, PO Box 1645, Milwaukee WI 53201.
I have to get some blood work done...turns out, I'm asthmatic/something bad that makes me die from running. But I'll be there!
LMAO u retard! I just saw this. HAHA!
Can't they make a tear free onion?!?!
Weird. I woke up to the same situation. And I had an 8 am call time, so I panicked thinking I over slept.
I swear it's impossible to do revision without eating loads of junk food...
It was great meeting Heather last night. Hope she enjoyed it. She was truly a BIG help to the production team!
I got a separate account so that I could chat all things not sports with my close Twitter peeps.
#sockets and r in the building at #figure8 . :)) follow us !
ha best of on #Spotify, awesome
So I got the most beautiful "Mother to be" card from yesterday. Brought tears to my eyes.
I think the differentiation is kinda silly. Yes, they have different connotations, but "quotes" is a perfectly valid abbreviation.
Thanks for the follow!
congratulations you deserve it all <3
Thanks for the support!
I need Frozen Mexican Dinner.
hey beautiful!
My stepdad works at Hearst! He's quite an awesome guy.
#arentyoutired of people yelling at you to shut up during a movie?
Miller: You don't need a teacher's license under federal law, so states can do what they want.
Just got back from TEDxSJU. Great lineup!
I just saw The Muppets movie and it was better than I could have ever hoped for, kudos!
I love waking up to 21 text messages from twitter!(: makes me think of Peyton<21
thanks! I hope you had a wonderful Christmas!!
Good idea.. .. I worked out on a bad foot a year ago, and I am still not healed. I hope your foot gets better fast :)
get twitter to remove the follow limits !
headed in a good direction.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes if any debts are jointly or individually in each spouse's name.
RT : While watching tonight's American dad I think made a boo boo by stating Hayley was conceived in 1996.
hey guys, go check out the band & spread the word about them (:
I love animals. I have 2 dogs. I grew up right here on the east coast in the same area I live now.
Damn birds dont know what sleep in means? I just need a sling shot and ten rocks!
I'm hanging in there. How are you?
I dont know how I didnt know about this site before. Job hunting commencing now.
Bitch I'm the bomb. Like tick, tick.
The Comedians of Comedy !!! friggin HILARIOUS !!! watch it !!! Patton Oswalt, Zack Galifiniakis and more ... awesome !!!
Sweet. I might be able to watch some of it! RT JUST IN: The Daytona 500 will start at 6pm CST on FOX.
two iPads = glorious quadrophonic sound too!
Newt-gas is only $2.50? Where can I buy it?
has the most amazing girls ever. :)
Is there any sweeter feeling than when a cute little 3 year old girl curls up and falls asleep on her mommys lap? :)
Concur, I hate it when they swing at the first pitch. Foolish move.
My Birds take 5 of 6 vs Yankees & Red Sox & now r on top Toughest league in Baseball the AL East...O-R-I-O-L-E-S Magic, Magic, Oriole Magic
Clutch hug and bump night galore. NFL draft. Woo-hooo.
agreed! Thanks for having us!
My dermatologist has amazing skin. This makes me more receptive to what she has to tell me.
Still can't believe I'm leaving for NYC tonight at 4 am. Too crazy!
Are you responsible for the LCSO hacking?
Oh baby when you cry, your face is momentary!!
: Thanks for the well wishes! I'm really excited about it.
I see you across the court. Go Blazers! w/
If a bitch tell you she's naturally beautiful.. See if she let u test her face out with a wet wipe
either way Torts is going to be pissed. But if I must choose I think NY will pull it off.
Oh no! Crossing all fingers/toes! RT : Complete madness at this end as planes to Chicago are being cancelled... Fingers crossed.
I'm looking at one of the hottest Indian girls I have ever seen. What? Did I just type that.
Omg best friend!! I was just thinking of you and was about to tweet you! What's wrong? :(
tonight, tonight.... we're on Ed's radar. :)
hit me with a follow back so I can msg you back..lol I am about to sen this song
I'd love to hear what you thought about the webinar--the lack of immediate facial feedback makes me crazy! I'm an extrovert ...
Can't walk by 60th and Mad and not go in! Got Parker Print Skinny Pant. Loving!
Don't make me come over there and crash your dinner! I'm at the Orleans at the moment, haha.
I suppose. Can't decide whether to use it twice on myself or use it on , who completely hates BBQ.
dude you have I talk to you man. Somehow I didn't knew interface when I saw your video and somehow I can do it but I need help!
We would love to sample your new #kosher wine. Is it distributed in the U.S?
Very cool, best of luck!
Knocking players over does not equal a foul in the #Clippers #Nuggets game apparently.
ActorStuff: Trust that it is okay to NOT act. Seriously. Trust.
thank you !
GOOD MORNING &HAPPY FRIDAY
How you not know it was raining outside, sometimes i wonder if ppl heads are hollow
I think I might too. I may start tonight and finish it tomorrow lol
Can a young dude get money any more...
Season 4 of the Wire was my favorite.
yes, that's what I'm drinking... At work..... With high voltages and crush hazzards
HELL YEAH!!!!! it does
Gametime. Lets see what this is all about.
All your base.. base.. base, all your base are belong to us.
on my life bro
Rookies and both active in early games and set to see their first NFL action today
a simple Wordpress project. Lots of little essays, links, videos. Nothing complex. Total mess for them, though.
Thanks. If I can get a copy to all litigants with children it just might make them think twice about child welfare, and laws!
gotta say, the chicago bears do an excellent job with providing content that fans like me love on their website keep it up!
RT : overheard some "hardcore" 9th graders discussing how a kid had one four loko and threw up in Sam's vagina
Finished the last book in the Hunger Games series last night. Looking forward to seeing the movie this weekend!
And Kentucky Derby Day (aka, the only day of the year people actually drink Mint Juleps!) RT : Happy Drinko de Mayo!
19 may be just a bit of overkill, but hey any publicity is good publicity :)
Knocking on doors in the district!
join for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today
I love meat... but if I was vegetarian I'd eat Marination () Sexy Tofu tacos everyday. Just sayin.
Love it!
Our friend Katie Wirkus joins us next to talk about Wisconsin potatoes on
This tattoo definitely looks best on me when I am naked.
Omg Chynna, you're such a task master... Lol! I'm guilty of this a tiny bit too :-o Bossyboots :D
No, I never did. What tee did he want again? Was it The Beatles?
Nothing quite like an ear-shattering fire alarm to kick off my birthday :)
,.definitely butter!
that's very kind of you . . .
Given the lukewarm reluctant endorsement by former GOP candidates, I think #Romney will get a shock in November.
So many different types of #fail today
I'm saying I loved u n mag u cancelled. In my gates voice
Visit the conservatory today to get out of the rain and into the tropics! $1 general admission.
is best in East. Beat LA next weekend and you're best in all MLS. RT : still no respect 4 SKC
I'm happy I got it off my chest lastnight and told him how I feel about him...no matter what ima always be here fa the kid <3
When you learn how to love yourself it won't be so hard to accept the love of others...
I am watching real BeiJing Opera.
No problem! ;)
passed you in the night,
Listen up at 6:50 for the Spring Training Song of the Day!
Its SODMG over everything. Swag me out cause bitch I gotta sack now. SMOOK!!!
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
like who cares about fur.. It looks cute so wear it !! Like those assholes wear like gross jeans and tees
see ... you wish I would say that but home boy, it ain't happen today..tomorrow ...NEVER. I like your butt doe.
In Scottsdale a little early for some club action (food) then to THE MINT for OUTASIGHT!
RT : In 10 minutes we'll start a #twitterview with form Miami (USA), about her vacations in
You're useless bro.
Just figured out that = Cam Rellim
<3 RT 15 years ago today, we lost a great person - Sublime's Bradley Nowell.
Although, Other Printing Companies are closed for the day due to the Holiday, NYC Printing 123 is open to take any printing orders! Call...
Tonight at 11pm, the best 11 minute news show on television - San Diego 6 News!
I wish it was blue. Lol
manlove at its finest!
RT TMZ: Lindsay Lohan Misses Flight to D.C. for Correspondents' Dinner --- shit, there goes the weekend
: that's awesome that you just went public with that. I guess i just have a way with making lasting impressions
got asked if I went anywhere over spring break because I got darker and have a great tan... Haven't I always been tanned?
I know I have a smart mouth , o there's no need to remind me that I do everytime I get smart
": No! I wanted Johnny!! Ugh! #sadface :'(" THIS THIS THIS THIS THIS
I love Beyonce.
Thanks for the RT. By the way, we're not "Hoos for Haiti". We're "Love4Haiti", the event taking place at Random Row Books...
I guess would work...Though it lacks in alliteration.
because I'm a lame. :( lol
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!! It is a beautiful day to be in San Francisco celebrating
Works great now, thanks!
Being the first to clap in an audience & then everybody joins you & thinking "Yeah, you are all my bitches.
Exciting! RT : Shoeholic, Magazine Just For Footwear Fans, Coming Soon (can't wait!) -
Going to bed night xD
Guys"N Divas:Battle of the High School Musicals- Three Southern INDIANA high school drama clubs battle in a fierce rivery:15 Min On LOGO Net
very interested in adobe's acquisition of omniture. could be a gamechanger for lots of multichannel marketers.
Not sure how I feel about that pick. TT knows what he's doin tho
fuuuuuuck what show doggy?? Why an I not there I cum to
How are you going to shoot over Ramos disappointing.
I'm having serious dog walker separation anxiety. Anyone have a trusted pup sitter in Andersonville?
Thanks Chris! Please throw something at Joe for me today!
Gloops' logo will be on the helmets and a patch on #Oakland's jerseys
The game is about to start! Lets goo!
A3: lack of appreciation has always plagued those who want to measure art.
got another leadership thingy to Washington...
I figured out what the "M" in MTV stands for...Jersey Shore
didnt know about 11AM soccer final. Will watch some then before son's 1st game at noon.
U wanna know why I ride u so much 2 show me how u feel? Its becus I luv you. Got damn. I luv u & cud really give a fuk about any1 else
Yeah. Had my eye on it for a while, and my inner Whovian wouldn't shut up until I got them.
9. Write on the sidewalks that you are Mrs. Bieber.
#EricCantor endorses Romney. They attack women, union, & voter rts. This kind of politics ended 50 yrs ago.
Perfect day to be in the studio.
haha. WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
You can't live like that forever. I promise.. It will get you nowhere.
Why would anyone would buy MW3. Try playing a better game. Try battlefield 3
i swear these fucking people applaud after every period
It's.official, sold out Turner Hall tonight.
Happy Friday! Be sure to stop by our Oktoberfest tent tomorrow for some scrumptious food selections and Beckett’s gear!
Mary Renault~ It is bitter to lose a friend to evil before one loses him to death.
Secrets, Adultery and Envy may be back, but Winter is Coming.
Obama: we need "rules to prevent... Faulty medical devices"
#TreyGowdy: Bill "to give providers the ability to deny coverage for services inconsistent with their personal beliefs" Corps are people????
btw tricky dick, Herbert Hoover, Anthony Kennedy, rehnquist ... Want to set you straight about their schools
is one of the most creative and unique local artists in Milwaukee! Love all her creations!! Proud to be a follower!
wow what?
I just parked our bus across 10 spots outside the fine arts building i used to get parking tickets with my car in one spot
Watching Exit Through the Gift Shop- Banksy is a funny f**ker
haha thank you :) im not going to any concerts or anything like that tho so idk if i will meet her or not
no, no. She talks about getting deals at Kohls. And coupons. Riveting.
tell the guys that back here at the office we've got our Mavs gear on & ready to cheer Rowdy Proud & Loud 2nite frm Texas!
Ah so do I! He's so adorable
Brunch @ Brio Flatiron
stop being be a jealous bitch.
lol...AUTO SPELL checker messed that up! SEPOSITION! is how it is spelled. Grrr.
oops.. congrats to.....got a new phone and twitter app...trying to figure it out
": Is it me or is nicki Minaj skin color gettin lighter by the second lol 💜" ikr I think she b wearin a type of cream
haha, no that didn't happen, that's just an example of what will happen once old ppl figure out twitter. Read my previous tweet.
RT : thanks to #justfilms community: "Its not just about the product, it’s about what the product can do” --O. Bagwell
nope! I have Piloxing for the Cure at that day!
Thanks for submitting both! We will post one of them soon. How many tickets would you like for the show?
Gon be doing Tricks for Daddy when we take it to da house
I’m Not Saying The Banking System Is Collapsing However I Withdrew $50.00 From The ATM And Was Paid In Chinese “Yen”
I have found the game to be, in all factualness, a universal language wherever I traveled at home or abroad. - Ben Hogan
I will be there! It won't last 10 hours, should only last a few... max.
British buddies, I have to say that is everywhere in SF. Such a rapid rise. It's impressive dorsey and co and it really works.
Annotations with a purple pen.
RT : UR the man Montee We have enjoyed following ur success this year. Enjoy NYC! We R pulling for u!
Amazing! More than 200 million YouTube views occur on mobile devices per day #mobile #video via Janel Jacobs
i was his youngest client.
EFF. That was hours ago. GOD DAMN IT SEE THE PREVIEW!
Congrats to #Winterhawks who have forced a decisive Gm 7 tomorrow in Edmonton! 3-2 win tonight...
The one who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. -Chinese Proverb
Moving AMC's "The Pitch" up to the Sunday night after Mad Men is smart, but the show hurts my eyes and ears to watch.
Changed from 80% reactive to 50/50 reactive and proactive on twitter for -
Took my piercings out for good !
Thought I saw people w/ Creole labels on their lunch boxes. Was pumped. Got closer to ask. Actually says Create as in your own salad. Damn
Thanks for the s/o and the follow!!!
UNCC employees did not...yet.
#2omf are the cutest and unique couple ever! xD
Sick :( but I'm looking up colleges in California...definitely applying to some hahah.
Love the M&M commercial...I'm sexy and I know it
haha thank you! Well have fun eating your cookies.
Yeah, let's get this day done
I am in love with your dog <3
Colwell: open access journals like PLOS raise speed of schol. comm, interactions w/ authors, but must have good quality measures
You can't compare to diamonds because you are so much stronger, brighter, and beautiful.
how have you been???
RT : 700 miles to go!! Come on girls!!
back right corner. Where you be?
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed .. Friends with weed ..
Looks like I'm not gonna end up getting that hug that I've been longing for ... *sigh*
RT : We're proud participants > Documentary about families shows human face of America’s economic crisis...
youz opened your giftz already? Mom won't let uz yet.
We're at odds until we're even
When I was young our phones didn't have internet, they had snake.
OMG his lost his stick twice... it isn't like its happened his whole career.... ps I just had an fn heart attack
the loud thunder from a storm passes and it feels like you woke up emotional ally!!!!
i am amy, thanks. we really miss the fuck out of u on there.. in the groups. please come back lol <3
The Ultimate Zombie Survival Kit for Social Media DoGooders now in Room 515B speaking
The biggest problem in life isnt the problem itself, but how people act upon it.
then u have no life
Good Morning
I need to have 20 customers to commit. I will notify you when your order to be ready for delivery.
its all about them dbacks boo :)
Happy new year =)
; in the book he says k-k-k;)
rehashed incorrect info and then 20 tweets or retweets about the Lakers. Unfollowed him quick.
I HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT!!!! i will be Reposting ALL parts of my story TOMORROW!! then i will be posting PART 7! for the first time :)
shoutout to my new and old followers!!
Yeah, good call on Kotsay
Glad your following! Keep on singing!
Not really
A reporter who shall remain nameless revealed that he/she had no idea who Gloria Steinem is. Either I'm old or we are in trouble.
: Thinking about it . . .
People who send me things to add to wikis, there is an irony in that.
what??????? why cant i get a follow that easy :( i love you Austin!
There are signs that the market manipulators are getting some traction, as they have pulled the Dow up from its lows, halfway to zero.
RT " When I'm recalled, I'm gonna finally get my college degree and make some real money in the private sector."
I am a guest on Fox's Good Day Orlando show today! Very excited, it should be fun!
I've never watched The Voice, but I'm 55% sure Tony Lucca was on the Mickey Mouse Club.
And when I thought that you couldn't disappoint me again..you always find a way..
that's all that matters though.
Chanti learn how to walk today!
Why yes the marijuana protesters in Riverwest were smoking weed out in public
": naw I would tell ppl to forget about love"ok Tina Turner-what's love got 2 do with it- love is a 2nd hand emotion!
y u no follow me
still feel the need to puke after eating at souley vegan, last night.
Lol, I usually tweet non-detailed things. I don't like spoiling others!
#30thingsaboutme 2. I love Austin Carter Mahone with all of my heart<3
I've seen a two year old as adept at pencil-work as many teachers are today...scary
Football then headin out to Antioch! Merry Christmas Eve yo
they were flare jeans. He looks really cool (for the 70s).
Who went home last night on ABDC...?
2 days in a row in Venice... I ran into guys that have killed me.. Tobey McGuire yesterday and Chris Pine today...
27 players so far in today's noon $140 buy in Bounty Tournament. Still plenty of time time join, late registration is open until 1:40 pm.
#NAFSA10 Day 2 Started out easy-and then got busy. Ed Abroad Reception-saw a ton of peeps, but where are all the SUNY folks?!
Blackstreet will be preforming in Denver CO tonight @ Temple Buell Theater come & show ur support u will definitely have a great time!
million $ idea: LMS emulators so we can access old courses + data in dead LMS. Any "ANGEL" investors out there? LOL
not happening... RT “: just a little reminder that I wasn't kidding about that picture. You know my email address.”
i love it when you tweet in german ;-)
Fuck a bitch a #WinWinSituation. No commitments. No talk.
Not in Seattle, but if if involved PacNW microbrews and books, I'd be totally down.
is thrilled to be presenting "Millennials Mean Business" tonight at ! cc:
Bored in spanish
Alera Reception Lounge Series Club Chair for $281.97 | Best Buy ...
Life is good!
. begins on Monday! Have you signed up to attend all the fantastic, no-cost sessions you can handle?
You're so kind, thank you Dave! Standing is fun because it's easier to talk with my hands (like I do in real life :)
was there an injury to an OSU corner today? I heard someone tore an ACL.
It won't be easy. We'll have to fight to make #wa4m pass. Biggest factor will be the gov race. McKenna will still be way popular.
SHE'S ALWAYS A WOMAN TO ME By Billy Joel... Now That's a F*cking Song!
Cristen, can you go on facebook? I want to talk to you for advice really fast if you can! :)
try Drinking a cup full of water
David C. Guaderrama confirmed as District Court Judge in Western D of El paso, Tx, 4/26/12
absolutely, just saying payroll next year will potentially be significantly different. Is Atta looking to reduce in '13?
I just asked my 7th grader to tell me how a cd and cassette are similar..she looks at me and goes what is a cassette? Omg I feel so old!!
people be loco on that coco man
Yes! And for parties, the Gallery! :)
...clearly my concern.
Badgers need to get to the line. Hard to overstated magnitude of Berg foul. Terrible call
indiana dryvit contractors in indiana, dryvit repair indiana, eifs contractors indiana eifs repair, indiana dryvit, indiana eifs, indiana
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight to the Break! Hopefully we'll be seeing you in the next round! Let's hope!
yucko! just tried #Tostitos SouthWestern Artisan chips. way too much seasoning. Its like they were blasted w/ 50 packs of ramen seasoning.
Good Job on Glee last night!!! You are very good at singing in spanish, and i hope things work out for Sam and Mercedes.
yup I think we saw the same one I like my phone bulky just becuz I'm so rough w/it! ButTheySayThatThePhoneCantBreak
My family would have a heated argument right now. >.<
Tomorrow thru Saturday, $2.99 medium, cheese pizzas from when you order on BrewCityBites.com!
Fuck these bugs
Having more tweets than followers EVERYBODY LIKE THAT >>>>>>>>
your coworkers > you.
Yeah man.
And the Mastadon song kept running through my head: "Do not explain the plot/if you don't understand, you should not be here."
Just got really serious arguing the meaning of "ghost riding the whip".
On March 23, 1971, the 26th Amendment to the US Constitution gave 18-20 year olds the right to vote.
CHLOE WHY ARE YOU AN EGG!
U call it luv:p plz its just somethin i needed for fun
wat up g! I'd like to link up like tuesday or weds if you free, im free both them days
Notifyall is based out of Albuquerque but we can provide services nationwide. Please share our page with your friends. Thanks for LIKING us.
The mountains are fcken cold!!!!
I wonder how silly we would (or do) look to an alien race observing us.
we are going to take 25% off all Christmas Items for your pet, Happy " Noel " to you all...
Bike cops just showed up across from rally
- thanks for joining me!
also, +6 bonus..that's what I'm looking forward to!!
Skynews say Fabrice Muamba is stable. Eish! Do I still have energy to go to Kalahari?
Telegraph = 18th c version of twitter. Compressing space and time, shifting public/private
Why the AC on???
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
oh fun!
miss you too!
Enjoyed basking in the sunshine and umm almost fresh air in #DC . Not to crazy abt getting indoors to office with NO windows now.
sounds good. When are you guys going to post on the blog?
Honey cocaine
127 Hours just started. #ohhellyes.. i'll be MIA for the next 2 hours or so staring at James Franco's face.
Maybe some tutoring so you don't fall behind. Tell pops
Looking at Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks with Melina in ms koumjians class :((((((
Rsrvs for on Friday night. It's been too long since I've had a drink by Adam Seger. Woo!
The more I walk and bike around Baltimore, the more I believe that no urban street should be more than 4 lanes or encourage 30 mph+ traffic.
This has been the longest day ever.
RT : Trust is earned & not 4 sale. giv ppl a reason 2 trust U in life & U will maintain quality relationships forever...
At #cgi2010 at panel with Yunus and Akula on microfinance IPOs. This'll be interesting. Host: "Don't be polite."
In Tampa at the International Mall - the Apple store is the only one with activity and it is packed!
thanks, but feel bad for NC
yes she is and I can't give my child a way maybe if I was octomom or something
The Thunder are best equipped to beat the South Beach Scum. The Lakers don't stand a chance against the Thunder
If they can't keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
Looking for feature doc editor for Email reel to . Paid gig, shoots summer. cc: RT
See? I told you I wasn't just an egg.
Yeah, I mean a homogenized market is bad for everyone. Especially the creative people BEHIND the games.
why are you so fat?
LOL WHAT ARE YOU SAYING
Today is Pi day! 3.14 - if you have geeks in your family or among friends, this is the night to buy them a beer! :)
#FF Greetings from Florida. Appreciate the follow; following back.
Still got that = sticker on the back of your car?
They say one night stands supposed to be special lol I agree!
Daniels is much more talented than the Repubs who are running. But that theme...the state of our union is GRAVE? Hearkens back to Malaise.
haha I just like how he says it... He hates girls!
we have had memories longer then the road streches ahead
People don't go on FB & say "I'm struggling with my mortgage". They're hanging out in anonymous places, asking questions
No, I am. I'll send it your way this afternoon!
Very useful info! Thank you!
Ashley, I sure thank you for the RETWEET!
Damn its already Thursday. Another week almost over. Who is ready for the weekend?
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
": They laugh because I'm different, but I laugh because they are ALL the same."
Having red meat for dinner. Have not had red meat in a long time, I need to remember moderation.
THROWBACK #NP J holiday- bed! <3
unless we observed flustered browser-closing, I don't think there'd be any way to tell if they checked or not.
GOODNIGHT! Sold out tix in a minute upon release
#Lyra12 Xerox CiPress 500 production ink system - dmh Marketing tells their story - CiPress in a production environment.
Its Sunday at Screaming Tuna. Need we say more? Yes we do? Oh well in that case we've got 3, 4 & $5 rolls PLUS 1/2 off select beers & tails!
Not shovin it but takin it home for wiping their ass
hahahaha no i went to hard on that, cant breathe
we need to act like responsible people and make progress on narrowing disparities in America for all
Bailee, Hanna I love you guys so MEGA. OWE you BIG TIME (jamaican accent) Thank you thank you :)
Demo tips for Larry 1-less talk more demo 2-make problem solved clear 3-keep it short: bad if people clap when you say "almost done"
Vegan sloppy joes for dinner yummy!
oh yeah I am extremely fat now!
or I can pick up a family order of ...
No more camouflage. I want to be exposed.
Free Anniversary Registry. Your friends & family go on line and purchase the gifts you want to receive. Click "EXTRAS" www.FreeXpedia.com
When boys talk dirty to you >>>
The worst about stupid mistakes is that once they have been made they remain in your mind and it causes you to be angry with yourself
He can count to infinity...twice. No, he's not Chuck Norris, he's Jeremy Lin.
Don't focus just on making money. If you do, you'll be asking too little of yourself. Focus on being useful in this world.
u were looking at me somehow pocket tweeting a picture from my phones camera
.Volunteering at the hospital. Gotta Dash! Have a fab day everybody TWEETDOM BLESSINGS!
Ugh , Tired & Right Hand Feels Broke Along With My Wrist ☹
my sister hacked my stuff sorry bae ily
:D what are you doing?!
When/If Cook gets out of the slammer, he should be banned from the NFL. It won't happen, but it should. He's not that good anyways
While talking about shoes my dad says, "I had to go to 5 different Dick's to get my size.."
And I guess my new job is cleaning up after everyone else.
I love the live tweeting from this road trip. Keep it up!
Time for bed .. Actually have to go to school tomorrow .. Guess I'm deciding to be an adult over a child 😳🕖❌
Driving the country roads taking me home to West Virginia...which might actually be home if my old Kentucky home gets blown away...
Volunteer in Thailand at an elephant reserve w/ Mention TL when applying & get 10% off tuition. More awesome programs here...
#TruthIs you'll never be on my level.
Thanks a lot for your help!
Guitar tracking, day 2!
- "Tune your Brain with Mozart" a cool CD series by Elizabeth Miles. Otherwise been doin' Beach Boys lately....
I can feel you forgetting me... ~Charlie St. Cloud
Just got the sudden urge to bust out and do the cant touch this dance :)
YES. i knew it was something about Vegas lol/
