Just bonded over a book at the bar:-)
Do not ask what the next person is doing for YOU, ask what YOU are doing or the next person. Chuuch! Lol
Is it me or is Mac Miller a very attractive man?! ahah
love it!
Tonight It's Live writing staff currently in peace talks with booze.
Just cast my absentee ballot for Not allowed to disclose guv vote.
so wat that doesnt change the fact u dont risk yo life everyday in mexico as i do be cautious bout gun shots
totally understand. I braved the heat to go to the farmer's market and then 3 other stores. Im not cooking either.
Excited about attending 's BTU course in a few minutes. Lots of hype around his class here at
did you check out your bootleg yet??
I like that format on" Legends" Checking it out soon.
Hey , my answer is Black
hey lady
Get your own damn dippin dots.
yes, exactly.
haha thanks and good luck next semester!
Bitch shut up. My god. We'll never be good friends again.
I've got a feeling I'd have a harder time casting in IL.
Big thank u to for being the driving force behind Philip Humber's perfect game! Your hate made it possible!
In the studio today!
": I knew God was going 2 get him out dat situation! It proves u can't keep a good nigga down!"
sickest idea for a shirt
Off to D.C. for the week, where as usual I'll be hitting and
ZOMG. I'm babysitting Elliot tonight, by myself. Father/son party!
We're getting our new appliances in today for our fancy new kitchen! Yay :)
not gonna lie i dont really like the Slight Work Remix....
Naw Im very young Im 25 gon on 26 and I still feel 18. 100lbs heavier but still feel like Im 18
too bad he's out for the season!!
Frozen, blended bananas are smooth, creamy and taste just like ice cream--but fat, sugar, dairy and gluten-free. Also low calorie!
Thanks! I'm excited. It's a 3-4K word essay on this guy who is a photographer/author/badass. Lotsa work & my deadline is 7/20
I hope u have an amazing birthday! Keep being grand! Luv ya!
Just going with the flow. What ever happens, happens. It's
Temperature in Miami Beach today...80 degrees!
+1 RT RT : definitely check out our friends , rocked house and doing amazing things in community!
Get well soon, Glad you can laugh about it already. Bike helmets FTW!
rascal flatts june 29th with yes i think so!
#ifonlyIcould should be
Just listened to your latest WTF appearance. I think it took a lot of courage to publicly admit that you're actually 47.
I'm Not Feeling It Today So I'm Slapping Bitches Nbs
is following me now. should i be offended??.... nahh i accept this :/ LOL
#BASKETBALLWIVES I think TamiRoman thinks she's in the mob or somethin
It's April 29? What the fuck happened in April?
Big thanks to two other shoppers at Kids Consignment sale today who helped me haul Jules' chair to the register. So nice of them. Thanks
I thought you, and I were partaking in this? #oneforallandallforone?
Ghost Bar - The Palms Vegas. W/bgood & draupp
piece of cake...
On the #Megabus in downtown #Chicago going nowhere. Apparently, we are waiting for a licence. Plan ahead next time idiots!
hello Jasper
Breaking News: Romney Lies Again ~ Nose Crosses Atlantic ~ Spotted In France
Thanks for the follow - looking forward to learning from you!
One Direction!
Some Games demos, This screen seems to be gorgeous!!
As soon as I looked into your big blue dreamy eyes, I knew that I was in love<3
I really love storms. (:
The Cubs, Bears YEA, Bulls NO
My last mention was 2 days ago... Sad life :(
say what you want, I found a website page dedicated to you and your scams, slander? Do not speak about my label again, fraud.
“: I keep my room messy so that if someone tries to kill me they'll trip over and die” haha there ya go
Amen to that!
Play a show and make 50 dollars, go out and find a Parking ticket for 30. At least we are up $20. Life is good.
✓ Saddam Hussein ✓ Osama Bin Laden ☐ Justin Bieber
"The future has a way of arriving unannounced." George Will
Juicy Fridays regrand opening tomorrow at hydrate!!
Watchin New Episode Of "Game Of Thrones" Itz Goin Down Like A White Girl!!!
I have no problem with 'Err on the side of empathy'. But that's a guideline, not an unbreakable rule.
Now we have painters in the office today. What fun.
I was impressed with his win in the Illinois derby.
Mike - just realizing that it's you sending me this note. Thanks for the feedback! We look forward to seeing you Monday! :D
awesome thanks for the post keep blogging girl..i love it
I had forgotten how creepy the Like A Virgin number is.
love your hair in that pic!
Derrick Carter live in #Pittsburgh Friday night w/ & Aaron Clark $10 cover at the door. for tables
New trend
orientation day at
dollar shave club trip report?
Woke up with Guacamole on my mind!
I'm sleepy yet kinda hyper...WTF?! O__O
you're jealous of my babe magnet ;)
Happy Wednesday! What's keeping you going this morning?
Lol this nigga just put his nut on this nigga face/neck
Victory is mine, victory is mine, great day in the morning, Donna, for victory is mine, bring me all the finest bagels & muffins in the land
Derby time in the hotel business....tiring but definitely worth it
The worlds tallest free fall rollercoaster is The Giant Drop located in Australia
beautiful! what brings you to paree?
Join us for Summit IV November 10-11! Learn and network with some of the coolest, smartest women. #wssrisky in
kuz my family wishes that i was dead since the day that i was born. I should have died with my mom
(c) noticed in the ever-growing fanbase. Yes, I do have other following fandoms, but he is one of my favorites.
Don't forget! Mother's Day is SUNDAY! Come and shop today for unique products and gift cards for fabulous services!
aww Erin! Thanks! (:
FOR REAL, how has no one noticed the facebook and twitter feeds.
Have a great weekend :-))
I say it's time for a War On Declaring Wars On Things — TWITTER ARE YOU WITH ME
I TRYED TO BE FUCKEN NICE BUT YUR PUSSHING IT KEEP GOING AND U KNOW WHATS COMMING LOOK TO YUR RIGHT FOR A PREVIEW >
Best medals ever and well-earned! #highfive :)
Had any good pie lately? :)
Hey its Omer. GRAND FINALE at MYHOUSE Nightclub tonight. Want to come? Reply YES 4 list + details! Next Friday starts at MYSTUDIO
#FF The cast of #BabyDaddy: (because they're the coolest!)
#YouKnowItsRealWhen one of your followers say the shower was real as fuck & now u wondering what I really was like ... Lol
Hi Moms! Happy Mother's Day!
Tis okay, clouds. I'll make my own sunshine today!
This is looking like a contest Of who can act like they care less But I liked it better when you were on my side
I think they mean talked. RT : Have you stopped by and stalked to the US Marine Corps Historical Company yet?
Ugh I don't want to go to the desert... Bye wifi!!! See y'all never
come on Ryan, no one stays up later than me. It simply does not happen :)
Management Team: We have something in the works, happily Joe saw plans and approved them before he passed
At IUP, People of the Year/Social Justice Awards (and the Spring Fling Wing Blast) in the HUB today; Windover Piano recital 8PM, Gorell Hall
RT If your dog is fat, you're not getting enough exercise. ~Author Unknown
1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY PROTEST at SAN ONOFRE NUCLEAR ...SONGS Nuclear plant has the worst safety record of all US nuclear "SONGS threat to ...
Thoughts and prayers to the Va Tech community.
what u mean
Lmaoooo No I'm Not Jade.!!!
A4 Customer alignment metrics: I use customer sat scores, net promoter, CLV & ABC (Activity-based costing)
Do you have a broken or distorted side-view mirror on your car? In most cases, WE CAN HELP- WITHOUT having to replace the whole...
Bulls PG Derrick Rose will not play tonight vs. Bobcats due to sore back.
RT ": Congrats, Boston Garden crowd, for setting the record for largest Miami Heat home crowd impression"
thanks so much, guys! I know it'll be amazing!
#ReplaceSongTitlesWithTampon What Makes Tampons Beautiful -
sorry, i have no fucks to give !
Music buiz, marketing, business law, then back home to jam with the crew!
I'm still waiting for the thing.
What about the CueCats? RT : All iMacs go to heaven. But I bet there's a whole bunch of Newtons in purgatory.
Hahaha, that is VERY close! Too bad we weren't there to witness it!
O, right up 75, I see.
Anita - We have a team of writers, about 12 - we are Unity staff, students or ministers.
I'm tryna learn how to make beats
leave me one piece, please!
Looking back I believe parkour is Going to be our ongoing joke much like rollerblading was in the 90's
Heading down to Coachella
happy birthday <3 :]]
oh ok...we need too link up after i get back from china
What style?
Bought a super paper shredder. It's almost intimidating the way it chews things up and digest them.
#ala11 "We need to reimagine the library...instead of thinking of the library as a collection of collections, ...
that footage was equal parts awesome and frightening. thanks for hanging around to check us out!
good morning
Kobe thrives in the clutch!
btw mate, just saw one of your cooking shows on RocketJump, didn't know about it, but the Game of Thrones one was pretty funny...
It was awkward so we un-awkwarded it.
Great point guards kill the #Thunder every time. We have got to find a way to defend against and ultimately beat teams like this.
Top 2 goals for #bikiniseries 1.) Feel strong, lean & confident in my own skin 2.) Be kind to myself daily. No self-loathing here!
ARE THERE LOTS OF SQUIRRELS IN TX?.WAS THERE BUT DON'T REMEMBER..WE COMING BACK THO..LET'S HOOK UP..DRANK A LITTLE DRANK.F/S
KATE ASS! cinco de tyo is nearing. need any gear for the trip?
Bubba Watson, oh my.
I didn't know that. I've noticed Clips fans coming out more lately. Good luck next season though, go Spurs.
Today is international kissing day. So pucker up! Muah!
Listening to do Bill Cosby on 's podcast had me doing the dry heave silent laugh at work. Omg so damn funny!!!!
I tried my hardest to keep my hair from being impossible... oh well
why you got oss
Thank you, , , and for the women's and writer's retreat suggestions!
the wrestler? do you smell what the rock is cookin'?
please follow:) i will follow back:)
Ever do something in high school you weren't proud of? I know I did. 17 yr old me did a lot to make 34 yr old me blush.
Make money money make money money monayyyyyy
Happy Tuesday, new followers! :-)
i saw u on Jerry Springer and it was nice to see your jelly
"Oh, I miss my friends from drunk driving school. They were so cool!"- Homer
thanks for the love! Enjoy...
it's cool, follow me back then.
- thanks, guys!
Time to climb that hill 2 #unite11!
From a FB friend's post... "Damn its windy. I think Mega Maid went from suck to blow!" May the schwartz be with you all this Friday!
moms shitting on me cause i still sleep with my baby blanket
just like Repubs fillabustered, Dems in #Wisconsin are playing politics so this bill doesnt get pushed through without a debate. grow up
twitter is spamming -_- now h can't reply to my messages
April Fool Ads are becoming like the Super Bowl Ads now. A contest for who will generate the most buzz...
to wake up the fans.
m&m cookies are orgasmic
I've lived here in Vegas 23 years and I love this town, too.
I didn't randomly decide. I've been thinking that for a while now. I just thought I'd give it a little more time is all...
where they @??
Welcome to Twitter, & to the Tennessee Titans!
Have u come in 4 your $5 pastrami sandwich today! Try it on one of our soft French rolls or pita bread!
Ashford addressing libraries who don't collect R-rated movies. "We have R-rated BOOKS at the library..." True dat.
Our lotion promotion 2011 offers HUGE SAVINGS on our HT Lotion Bottles!! Stock up, or start using a lotion today! You'll love the results!
Headed to da gym to get a lil work out in
Lunch at Panera, good stuff at Alderwood mall with wifey, and wrapping with Portlandia. Hilarious show.
To be honest, the first time I found out who was, was after watching the Love Guru. Lol
hahahaha I'm crying!
pickin u up at 11 dropping u off at the mall cannot bring u home from the mall though
It's a little foggy here in Jacksonville, Florida.
you know me to well bro lmao
If she doesn't like hockey, dump and change
why u wearin a blue rag in yo 1 picture like you gang bang?
Mystical snapped on his new song Original
I spared you RT : I'm still up
RGIII nothing else. Finally us Redskins fans can look forward to watching our team play again.
Hi , thanks for being my 400 follower <3 big love to you from sweden ;)
Hah! Small world indeed!
Forward progress...keep pushing!
Tons of fun last night. Thanks to all who came out. Loudest show ever!
Tonight I'm at maxbar in Lincoln park for club kiss live and mixes airing on 925 kiss fm Toledo, Oh and hot 96 in Evansville, In!
I wouldn't have even noticed the necklace if you hadn't mentioned it, btw. Not sure what that says about me. :-D lol
Excited to hear about new AERA Ed Researchers Service Projects Initiative + grants. Already have several ideas!!
Prophecy: Music will come from bands who are not even formed yet!
we are the boys in motion, we give you our devotion
Budgie - Parents
Sorry we havent really been to date with things on cody but we have been dealing with personal stuff. But now were back for good ;*
We're ready for you! cc
Don't flatter me...Thanks!
Now this one is going straight to my husband! Thank you for the smile.
Just so no one worries, likely going to be off Twitter for the next two weeks. Have work travel & lots of talks 2 give next week, and...
I only use Twitter to keep in touch with and — what does that say about me?
Think I found my new bike ... So excited.! Making Tampa to Times square a reality
the subtle blurred background parallax as you scroll in the camera section
agreed. One week with a new tech is not enough.
Another car - one stopped, one BEHIIND pulled around to pass. I'm sure you'll get all the facts.
infant adoption cost
Going to sleep now. .___.
Dear Thirst, you rock my world. Thank you for awesome and proving just how powerful design.
Achilles is gonna be one mean dog he's only a puppy and he's already biting me -_-
Uhh... gets the words out and puts them in a word doc. I'm trying to go through hours worth of interviews.
Hank always has the right answer to a problem - enjoy! :)
:O what's more then most? :D <3
Ballet season opens in just 13 days! Grab your season tickets as they are going quick. The #AuditoriumTheatre is breathtaking.
Thank you for the follow and - I just need 1 more for 700
david and i are going to be at kickback jacks tonight to watch caps v rangers if interested!
Friday Special: Southwestern Salmon Cakes w radish salad, tequila-lime creme fraiche & warm black bean salsa $16.95!! Smitty & Robert...
Omg I'm so bored. yahoo answers sucks, facebook sucks, Pinterest sucks, does this site suck? probly lol
11 days until we see again :)
We feel very honored & grateful that the School Board wants to honor us tonight 4 being IPSAC champs at the School Board Meeting
Dear baby Jesus, deliver me from this demon child.
haha! I want Steve Madden to make a knock off of them!
I just had the weirdest nap dreams ever.
You too Meljay! ♥♡♥♡♥ Feel better soon!
Playing tonight at Hotel Angeleno West Lounge with vocalist Mark Arthur Miller, Nate Light and Jon Stuart. Soul music and Jazz. ...
I cant finally say I love OneDirection
Just found my new kick drum :)
RT Has Kurt said WHY all of these bots are scraping them? Curious. #clareity [How many hit Zillow?]
Seriously y'all, parts of Ponce are closed this weekend while the new Beltline bridge is finished. Try to walk over my way, ok?
RT "Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum." Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
What's up with this series not being over going back to DEN game 6 ass & where the fuck was the defense at?! That's the shit I don't like!!!
Got any dinner plans tonight? Where are you heading on this beautiful Friday night?
okay good. Idk who it would be....def not me
Irby gets so open that not even David Ash could miss him. Punch it in!
it's getting closer to CMA FEST time, I already bought my tix way in advance hoping u will b there, any word yet if u will b going!!!!
Yes, as educators it's our job to step to the challenge, even if we're not social media experts.
The stone is a unit of measurement that was used in many North European countries until the advent of metrication.
" Happy Belated Birthday!
Are you playing today? Use #underdog for pix, stories, and nonsense.
i swear its like that on EVERY CAMPUS
I haven't even got up from the couch since I been home ( 2 Hours ago) still in my work clothes and every thing
No matter what you ALWAY TIP.
Fast 5 till my eyes shut
well keep at it cuz its takes time u kno but do u have a tattoo gun or wat??
also my phone automatically changes love to lesbians.
3 dollar cafe, wings, pitchers, and pictures! That's what's up! ;)
aw thanks :)
B&N has a great book called my milk toofs, we have had endless entertainment reading it
you'll do great! :) Good luck! <3
can't wait until tonights C.E. show:-)
Don't tell me about your "movement", show me!
Corner Cottage breakfast burrito -- yum!
Sometimes I Get Impatient…I Expect People To “Answer Their Phone” Before I Finish Dialing Their Number…
-- Yes, we think MOST foods are better with wine. Will have to check out your wine list sometime soon! Cheers.
I'm ready!
Sure. My Dad was a farmer when I was little. The smell of the countryside is manure.
. I rather see drake & ross do a ablum
"Aye where yah'll going? Sit in that Corner"!
Look into your pain and find your praise..!
That makes me feel better. But I am sure it is for different reasons:)
My lunch today was inspired by Teas Me Cafe's "The Larson": Pesto, turkey, bacon, cheese on wheat bread. (And yes, the pesto is local!) Yum.
I am no longer with Mango!
thanks. i pray it goes well.
Roommate tried to rouse me from a nap.. said my reaction was feral cat sounds and telling she has an "evil Asian stare." I remember nothing.
of course you will! but the end has not come just yet! ;)
shall i do this deed
This dragon mascot thing is even better since my undergrad mascot is a kangaroo.
Crossed off life list: Present at lighting of Macy's Christmas Tree today.
can I get a followback????? :p
love us some sheara and Tia!!!!
I am so sorry that today left you behind enemy lines!
Mcdonald's Breakfast >>>>>>
Hidden cost of imported oil is = to adding $8.35/gal to the price of gasoline from the Persian Gulf. Milton Copulos via Grassley
departure is imminent #limin2k12 begins
Wait, there's guys that won't date females because they're moms? When did this start? Fucking cowards, I would embrace it *Kae shrug*
#CivilWar, Hooker had major gambling debts to Halleck & Sherman. No record if he paid up. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL $2.99 AMAZON KINDLE
We gotta make sure he gets re-elected in November!
Educators pay part of their own salary w taxes paid as taxpayers. Politicians seemed to have failed math. Come to school for a lesson.
I would pick Joan Crawford!!
Why the fuck is it making a political statement to say that I exist?
Let's go kings!!
u should be a movies in the park
#ItAnnoysMeWhen I look at profile; it says I'm not following him, I freak out and realize it wasn't done loading...
. is jumping!
Thanks for the follow. It is good to see what the other side is up to and thinking. :)
I could see that. But I'm seriously moving soon. Sorry we didn't get to drink together before I leave Wacksonville.
VW Fat Dog ad funny too.
Lawyers are men who hire out their words and anger.
What's the number?:)
You are super-cute. (Always, but I'm referring to your latest avatar.)
And now I am just worn out.
H•A•T•E•R•S>>>> H•aving A•nger T•owards E•verone R•eaching S•ucess
Driving along the river on the 190 just now is the closest I've ever been to being inside a snow globe.
I beleive in you austin with all my heart keep doin what your doing never give im a mahomie for life your number one fan:)))
Havent been on twitter for 48 hours!!!!!!!!!!!hahaha..Ive been waiting for this moment
I think I've detected a microtrend: young couples moving from #Petworth > Shepherd Park. Met 3 such at neighborhood party tonight.
No. There's no other player in the league right now that gives the Magic adequate compensation for Dwight Howard.
you too !💜 thanks for the words 💙
A high of 108 degrees. My bad.
heightened, but yes--not that different!
so I just found out we have the same birthday!
"Progress is made when your desired result becomes a second nature activity to perform"
The deadline is coming up May 31st. The hottest MC's & Groups going at it for the Money ! inbox: Ian Morales on FB or
Had a long few days... busy days !
Wanting some damn taco cabana...i shouldve stopped ugghhh.
Kaya lost tooth yesterday, but didn't tell us. Knowing, gapped smile when she awoke with it still under her pillow.
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don't like and like so many things we don't do? What if we reversed this? ;-)
“: NYC, Johns Pizza and a nap. Sounds like the start of a good week to me!👍” I live in NY... ;) hahahaha follow me?
Love Square. 🔳
maybe this could truly beThat I'm in love, in love, in loveOh I'm in love, in love, in love (`▽´)-σ
hey i love you :DD Follow me please :D You are amazing :D Retweet :D
Making Beats.
Are you allowed to have fido on school grounds?
Not to happy people...
#buslyfe RT Bus demographics: apparently preferred coffee on the big blue is coffee bean.
Hey be nicer to
Dun dun dun. Will landing strip be joining you?
Saw an Irish wolfhound today. Holy crap. I've never seen a bigger dog...would have been at least 7 feet tall on its hind legs :)
Very happy with my very strong WiFi connection in the middle of LI Sound
anyone wanna do bocce ball with me a
i eats da pussy and ima man about it
My pleasure... I hope you're having a good time!
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care.... :)
RT Fishtown news: Richmond, Va artist Ed Trask is making a 15ft tall cutout painting of Smokin' Joe Frazier for our building!
Eat it Cubs! Love, Corey Hart
have a happy, healthy week!
Haters are like crickets they chirp all fucking night until you walk past them they shut the fuck up
when are you coming back to chicago?
No more gewurztraminer?? Dubya, tee, eff? Only my favorite winter wine..
If what they tell me suits my body, great
batwoman half way done =)
I feel horrible :/
OR BOTH!
what is going on? Is it good? I have it dvr'd.
just installed last week -- loving it!
thanks for all the RT's today! have a great week!
thanks :D
Thanks for the RT!!!
please follow I'll do the doggie
thanks for staying and talking to us/me!
Lift Smarter, Get Bigger - Men's Health
I know. I'm freakibg starving
I'm craving a shower. 🛀
Because you're too picky. Perfection is an unattainable goal.
probably all the gay sex you have
It's Monday. It's Monday. It's Monday. Dear Motivation, I need you.
If we can have a winter like we just had and get amazing, beautiful days like this come March...sorry, but I say bring on global warming!
How many people you know blame others for their problems? Why not get your own act together more & take real responsibility for yourself?
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I'm with you. - Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Not yet. Hopefully soon.
My husband and kids got me a Canon T3i for my birthday! ... now I need to learn how to use it.
We can't wait to show you our amazing stories about music education in Los Angeles. Stay tuned! We're going live next week!
She a nut cracker, lol
bro, I was over that spot as soon as I walked in the first time. Food Sux!
BALLOON UPDATE: There will be no Balloon Races this weekend due to weather complications. See you in 2011!
yeah I voted for Double D and didn't even see the show! Go Pack Go!
If you ccant be.honest with me then ii guess this is the eend
Playing #wordswithfriends when I should be sleep!
EXCLUSIVE: Coca-Cola Polar Bears Will Watch, React to Super Bowl in Real Time
#PLDLinux should be capitalizing on the potential hipster appeal. “I use a really obscure distro, you probably haven’t heard of it.”
I just calculated how much money I'd need to make to retire at 65. That was a bit of a shock.
how does Drake album sound?
“: why is kamille at her "new" job tweetin? lmbo” Kamille get off that phone
Getting ready for our Advanced teen class which starts on Tuesday night at 5 pm. info: www.tesskirschacting.com Sure to be some snacks.
”Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” - Vince Lombardi
I hate when somebody ask u an hour worth of questions then get hot when u ask one
Session: J Tokuda & R Sunahara "From Resource to resourcefulness"
want to go to ? I am awake, I couldn't sleep anymore, thinkin kept waking me up.
Rain rain go away I have tons of voters to meet today!
Many valuable #usecases are showing up everywhere. What are tools for documenting them? indexing them? tracking them?
they want to get rid of Beasley, there's something about it they are not telling obviously (JO would retire)
Loved watching Michigan beat Ohio, it's about time!
Love watching two douchebag drivers try and out-douche each other at 80mph...as long as they're 3 lanes away. Dumbasses!
announces record client & company growth in 2011 - 110% revenue growth, 192 projects launched in 30 countries...
Happy Monday & Happy International Jazz Day!
wearing a Gucci belt on your neck while wearing a Louis Vuitton belt
I never make the same mistake twice. I make it like five or six times, you know, just to be sure...
Don't worry :] you're not the only one
LOLOLOL I am seriously giggling!
Looking for ways to connect with people involved with social media, web design, marketing, graphic design....any or all of the above!
It's midnight and both bats are pointed to me on the stadium clock!
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
Thank you!
crazy we didn't see you... we had all 8 sets of eyes there!
was he depreesed or having financial issues
don't take any self-righteous sh!t from anyone....
contest has ended will look at all the entry's and direct message the winner tomorrow
RT : If lesbians aren't attracted to men, why are they attracted to women that look like men?<=Light Bulb!
Lol. RT : Wait, people can't see what circles they're in, right??
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm, and stay classy!
I am getting sleepy.... Very sleepy....
my daughters want nothing more than to meet and see their idols please help make this a chance for them
it appears the blog I just read incorrectly listed it as your own! Regardless, your work is still amazing!
RT : OPENING TOMORROW—Art journals are explored as art objects in this exhibition of periodicals from the 1960s and...
Wow 95 million for one player. How much do these NFL teams make?
holy fuck what the hell am I looking at omg
“: Could you please pray for my mom, sahe might have cancer! It would mean so much to me!” i'll pray too.
it's ok I understand sort if I bothered u
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights–Nicky Romero - Play N' Stop
A2 I find working with visual artists very rewarding esp. working the business end in effort to support their creative practice
I'm glad I DVR #YR sounds like its a hot mess today! Thank goodness for fast forward!
I don't mind if you wear your frat letters, but please spare me the neon tanks and lame puns.
We're sharing our family secrets... The Milano Inn cookbooks are now on sale - get your copy today!
she will be 6 in july.. :)
I had to google this definition: I thought it was when you hit your ball off the course into the rough & have to play it anyway. Too poetic.
I might have to go back to saying "don't eat yellow snow" like I used to do in my more snidish years.
congrats on the Notable Mention for Mini Morphs :)
People are just like the weather always changing....
Thank you to my wonderful teammates for helping me move out of the Dorm! Gonna miss you guys
I don't think the bronchitis is Tex's hitting problem. He's a noturious slow starter + the SHIFT. His BABIP was .239 last yr
I feel your pain, Kingsley. If they don't step up next game, I am personally driving to LA and bitch slappin' all of them.
It is
These thirsty ass dudes will say any thing for the pu$$y
Happy Holidays Everyone!
Bout to leave in like 15 mins yay!!!!! Can't wait to eat...
Port St fb blueprint:all non-conf=$$$ and run Triple Option.. Best D=good ball control O and easier to recruit for..
But if u hurt me and I forgive u how I don't know u want do it again
Every Superman , Needs Ayye Superwoman <3
You know you're a historian of early American foodways when you mean to type "moral corruption," and type "morel corruption," instead.
Now taking applications for new members to the pen fifteen club!
me too where we going? lol
I just bought tix to see you guys in Detroit @ Chene Park on August 3rd..TOO AMPED!...lol XOXO
I used canned fava beans in a tortellini soup and they tasted chalky. I'm sure non-canned would be better.
u kno wat dey say bout boys wit big feet big d...
Maybe I can help?
Come to me and I will provide you with all three. And maybe even a lil churrito or two. (Healthier than a Big Mac. Promise.)
yea her curves are amazing.
just bought my first #rougeinlove lipstick in Corail from ! so excited. now I can be classy like 😱
KC IMPROV Power House Line Up
WOW. #CastleFinale cliffhanger.
Sxsw registration line....what a beast!
Check out tonight for 1/2 off specials on Milwaukee’s own Great Lakes Distillery products, including the new Kinnickinnic Whiskey!
It was great meeting u and the crew.I love your game and the detail you pay to it.You guys are kind and it will help me beat cancer
I don't think so!!! Which one was it???
Wow! I haven't even gotten my W-2 yet.
i see twitter has killed, yet again.
Getting dressed. Its gettin real
same here
Thanks for the shout!
United Rentals completes deal for RSC Holdings
Bet I can guess.
: 3.5 hours before my next role play so goin' for a stroll to enjoy the lovely weather. :-)
there might have been a difference once but genre leak is a beautiful thing
Have #PrincessofChina stuck in my head...and I don't even mind.
Still trying to please everyone? You'll die trying.
stop it 5
Okay, feeling good about where I'm leaving the design for the night. And now back to the code.
Procrastination over decisions is fatal for a business as decisions come before actions and the right actions lead to the desired outcomes.
Need a same day delivery from San Antonio to Houston?? Call us....we can do it! 877-527-5737 or go to www.lonestardeliveryonline.com
six boys, paula, one room and a pizza. where am i? eating all the pizza duh!
Carnival's West Coast Res. cruise sale continues! Big savings for CA, AZ, NV & UT residents select sailings Jan-May 2012! Call 800-803-7245
How am i fully awake right now
I can't get it today ill get it later!
hey, hey. I appreciate the offer. Some other time, for sure! Hope y'all had a good gig. best, ck
I hope not, the inside of my soul is probably pretty terrifying
Lotoor: an android exploit that transfers to the windows OS when the phone is connected to the OS. As per a microsoft presentation.
did you download the manga app for Xbox?
I guess I will start deleting #useless people #numbers out of my cellular!
Wish I could see #oomf right now
congrats RT : I started as city editor for exactly one year ago today. I really really really love this job.
ur only staying in Miami 4 6months?? :( I'm gonna go cry in my closet. But ur gonna love Miami and u should Live here 4evz :)
thanks for telling about us. Great to see you on Saturday. Hope the band was fabulous!
im still fangirling about Bailey ashejkwksijwjenejj
what are you gonna do today ? :)
Sad you're leaving tomorrow, but I will see you in FL so soon!!
• YAY - I prefer Suppan on the other side of things. Not awful, but always found his starts rather boring.
nah, i won't believe it. she's mine.
DJ CNC & V.I.P HOST PIG PRESENTS ULTIMATE STRPPER CAGE FIGHTS & NBA FINALS TONIGHT 'S CABARET 4516 N. 19TH AVE
Headed downtown, hit me with a text: 210-573-7203
"Let the resurrection joy lift us from loneliness and weakness and despair to strength and beauty and happiness."
A happy and kosher Pesach to all celebrating, and a blessed and happy Easter to all celebrating. Enjoy the holidays! Love, the Bezzys
IU to induct former basketball player Landon Turner into its Hall of Fame.
Girl it's going to be next w/e. come help me!!
have you?
#WaterCheck - I'm 6 cups down! Where you at?
My last : ( I will miss you all!
THANK GOD FOR JESUS!!!!
Cundiff, your kick missed the uprights and hit me in the heart. Still love the #Ravens but I'm sad...
I'm fucking ready for some change! Feel me?
ACRL folks, I'm having a TERRIBLE time getting a panel proposal submitted. Each time I add another panelist, it deletes all data. Ideas?
don't hate on the cut!
All iWanted was Another Chance. . u.u
your May calendar looks to be amazing!
GC Tip: Don't bring extra stuff to promotions! Leave everything but the essentials at home or in your car. They're safer there!
Excited about the upcoming anthology release party & for my 4th grade students to finish their digital stories!
They looking at me like " Who's this new nigga in ViP? "
Q: Why did the farmer call his pig "Ink"? A: Because it was always running out of the pen.
SO GLAD SPEECHES ARE OVER, :) got a perfect score
Have you tried our almond croissant yet?
Somebody at tonights #mbta meeting please ask how much of a PAY Increase $$ #MBTAGM & MBTA employees get once Fare hike is approved.
lol, cool, now get that damn egg out of here.
They're calling for snow all throughout finals week. Looks like my 11/11/11 wish is about to come true..
The Food Drive w/ the Ice Rays is today from 5-8PM @ the Yardarm Apartments in Calallen, 10660 Leopard. Please bring 3 cans of food. Thanks!
provides good and solid marketing info.
Bran muffins are the fucking worst!
but its letting you tweet...
Horny hour 1/2 off all drinks starts at 10pm only @ hornyhideaway
How does it sound if we spend the night out?
Sunny Street Cafe in the Arena is your lunchtime destination today! Come in and show your server your employee ID & get 15% off your lunch!
He's doing well. His bat got the Rays going last night. :)
About to see Galileo So excited!
Well, I have been a user since version 1. I really don't have any problems with it...
Enjoyed with friends Saturday '00 Lynch Bages & '01 Gruaud Larose, both drinking perfectly now, great next to each other, Pauillac/St Julien
RSVP me bitch !
Guilty pleasure: "Domino" by Jessie J and "I like it like that" by Hot Chelle Rae. Yeah, I said it.
"Nice beaver" is the most adolescent joke in all of cinema... and I laugh at it all the time.
Well, what do you know? I now have a Sphynx cat following me. Can't IMAGINE why....
Life’s most persistent and urgent question is, ‘What are you doing for others?’ - Martin Luther King, Jr.
you blamed everything on me when your the one who wanted too kiss mee.
The only bad thing about #Community's return is a #ParksandRecreation hiatus. With that being said... #sixseasonsandamovie!
Do you think creativity is a skill or something that people are born with?
Just left Ginger at her new home in Lawrenceville. Tom & Shawn are already in love with her & we couldn't be happier. Blog post to follow.
Taking the girls some flowers & chocolates at school...to make them smile (but also to embarrass them a little). Happy Valentines Day!
Thanks #alabd11 Eat crayon and popp rainbow is my new
hot n steamy... oh yeah. Mushrooms and motzzzaaarelliiiii :)
Apropos of nothing, but how many of you have seen a movie made from a book you liked and walked away from the movie feeling disappointed wi…
Zac Efron is so so sexy.
Follow me tomorrow at the Glendale Hilton from 12pm-5pm for the 3rd Annual Premier Bridal Show w/my team Design By Ashley
Sweet! So you're coming right now. Any other plans aside from the rollercoaster and fountains?
I feel that I am a very disappointing Twit-ter. Sorry I have so little to twit about. Does that make me a twit?
Nope, nowhere near. I'm mopey and stuff. How are you?
Have a new video I posted, Sangre's logo in it..hope all ya boys like..& lemme know what ya guys think??
lol technically I've been keeping it since December because she forgot about it
Easter brunch, Easter chocolate, Easter dinner, desert + more Easter chocolate = Easter pot belly :)
People are seriously SO DUMB. Like I really wanna know what goes through y'alls mind.
hell yea
“: Me, stalk?! No, I just observe.. behind a tree.. at night.” hahahaha...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 335
Here we come! Calendar firefighters will be on 9News at 8:30AM. Tune in to see what HOT things they have to say!
It is amazing how many channels have Law & Order planning during the day
lmao, yes master.
please get rid of bill schroder...and let cirillo do games from now on...its enjoyable to listen to games now
OK, #TraderJoes, you win again. $60 on wine and snacks. Must be
thnx. the way things are going, I'm betting there'll be more on the subject.
did u buy yours yet? Seriously thinking of getting one. Or two.
Comedy Open Mic presented by tonight at 6:00 followed by Spy Night presented by Tornadoes Not Welcome!
Caffeine is doing its trick today.
It's dark in here!
fa sho! hey tell drai vegas memorial wknd book it. ill be out there!
Con't - Who really wants to go to a music store and root threw a bunch of CD's just to find out what you want is not there! No thanks.
on the production side or the consumption side? There's no real issue with discovery.
boss dogs so I ride in a harley truck. We got a wild drink I put in a safari cup.
Thank you! you have one as well :-D
we use twitter as a pr tool to clarify misinformation
lmao I work till 6 I'll text you when I'm out
What's the appropriate amount of time to give someone the silent treatment? 4 days so far. They need to learn a lesson.
I don't think im gonna be able to upload the video tonight, it'll be done soon
Definitely! :D Best place to run 26.2 :D
Bacon has a hell of a PR agency. All you read about is bacon, bacon, bacon! Turkey and ham don't get near that kind of press. :)
The new pre-screen express line at LAS is nothing short of amazing! Can't wait for you to roll it out across all major airports
yeah it's a really hard name to pronounce hahaha!
Turns out, the circumference of my head is the exact length of 's arm.
life s funny that way. fuck em they wasnt meant to be wit you know way
안녕 하세요, 성희! Did I spell your name correctly?
Where is when I need her?! The surprise sale ends tonight and I need her to validate all of my choices!
"Either write something worth READING, or do something worth writing," - B. Franklin. Reading leads to independence.
We've got an extra ticket for the Brewster Kahle / Long Now event tonight at 7pm at Fort Mason in SF. First one to reply gets it.
Ham & cheese hot pocket though >>>
Too bad the first presentation on teleportation wasn't streaming... :(
What's everybody up to? Talk to me, Let's network !
do tell!! RT : You all should probably ask about the idea he just texted me...
Oh, that sucks! I still need to work on adding some blockers on mine.
I love my cats everything new i bring in they want to sniff
This team is never dead! Reminiscent of Easter Sunday with five runs in the ninth. Just in the Kingdome, without the dramatic homers.
I'm here too Fancy Lad.
So confused ....
Heathrow made the list, but Atlanta didn't? List must have been created by someone who never flies Delta.
Omg toe dat song up dang she can blow
We're going to be at booth #904 at #alamw12. Check out preview of the new Events and more!
Hahahahha it's so fucking funny
RT : RT : Lay your hands on our economy, Tim Tebow. Help it to win again.
Lol!! poor kitty cat.. thanks.. have a good night!!!
#musesocial In what ways do apps connect virtual and onsite experiences? Beyond sharing?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME JENNA!!!!
That awkward moment when the inflated condom that was filled with lotion explodes & it gets all over everyone lmao :')
- what was that french nail art blog you were telling me about?? Forgot the name and it's killing me trying to find it!
“: Amazing Fact #16 Learned @ #WEF: 47% of time spent using smartphones is spent on Facebook.” #insane=stratosphericIPO
.: What did we do before Google?? // We Altavista'd and liked it.
They are responsive and communicate well with customers, do good work at a reasonable rate give advice on how to maintain your appliances.JR
lolol I'm Giggling and I'm not shaking anymore. I think I calmed down
What's up loser!!??
totally overwhelmed. no idea what im getting myself into... and don't even care ha
So many new followers! Hello ,,,,,,
You said you would never leave, and I said I would wait forever...guess we both said things we didn't mean.
Are you currently in LA?
Yea blame it awh on me
Ha! I grew up in West Des Moines #Iowa and now live out here in Baltimore!
I've seen that box at the Longs at Pupukea on the North Shore before too.
Ario (): Leading states will play a key role; they include a mix of red & blue states in all regions of the U.S.,
My heart would take wing & I'd feel so alive, if someone like you loved me. #jekyll&hyde
Denver Broncos quarterback was voted as America's favorite active pro athlete, according to a poll conducted by ESPN.
yes!! this even came from a book PS I had my first #academceleb encounter
Poker night! 6:30 be there. No Buy-In, Just Prizes for winners!
I hate school. Get me out of heRe
Look a house party !.. Except with kids
my friend Melissa suggested them. I'm soy sensitive, so most protein bars are out for me. After today, I'm yours for life!
do not mention the Olive Garden at that point in time!
"Above all else try something"
lol, just don't give a bottle lmao xD
Dr. Will Clower&#39;s Mediterranean Wellness Program Now Available Through GlobalFit
What the wise do in the beginning, fools do in the end..admittingly, a wise fool.
You're a strong young man...don't ever doubt God's plan for your life or his awareness of your troubles.
Only if we can live happily ever after...? Let's get hitched! haha :)
good luck! Where will u be working at?:) sending u good vibes, the first day is always something to look forward to lol
i'ma rapper, you're just a rapture
Here we go NYC! First stop is #UFC Sweden with and
she want some sex but I'm on my money
I am so excited for Entourage tonite!
Mastered singles for Iris Isoa today as well as Loose Baggy Monster.
Angels have placed OF Torii Hunter on the restricted list for personal reasons.
yeah, ate some bad beans last night.
Sage....wow. More like New York state-of-mind w biz background who likes to ask for $ meets #nonprofit world.
Had a great meeting with the Marston Group this afternoon! www.themarstongroup.com
It's almost time to trend for #Ringer at 6pm Bring Back Ringer
Interesting. A 50-year flood threshold would have enabled preservation, not required replacement, of the Virginia St Bridge.
#lastminutegift ideas? We have plenty of items to choose from. From Electronics to Musical Instruments! Come into -
90210 cast members on Talk Stoop right now on NBC...amazing.
best wishes in AZ
Field trip tomorrow? Naahh, I'll just stay home like a thug. aha
Check out WELLCOA, the Wellness Council of America, for information on how to start a program at your office.
I'd say so too.
Getting update from on #NASCAR business at the #PenskePartners summit.
hey are you up to date with the walking dead this season?
Happy mothers day. for real my mom has always been there to show me the light. I love you mom
That's icing on the cake...but the cake was there before. -Young @ Heart movie
They say infamy loves company
You people...
Is that a tear in your eye?I feel like a kinger.
just got to hotel about 20 min ago, depart 4/19 afternoon, so new schedule should work
At board meeting. Great updates from Mayor Ron Morrison of National City & Mayor Jim Janney of Imperial Beach
In the backyard with a hoe.
am i crazy or is Ron Paul still "running"?
20 Years After the Riots: A More Worldly Los Angeles, a More Insular Los ... - Huffington Post
it is a long drawn out game...seems like it will never end...at least we have Twitter to stay in touch
OMG: catching La Grange on the radio recently reminded me Frank Beard kicks tush at keeping solid, simple boogie-rock time.
nothing much sis I start work at 4 so I'm just chilling til then
Whoa, somebody should be FIRED (In my Sweet Brown voice)
literally just saw a stat that ~90% of all Americans have a mobile device.
I woke up right before the earth started shaking... Damn I thought it was a bad dream for a sec lol😓
I love snuggling! Especially in the rain ☔💋
(: Im so lucky! She is the best!
SECRET LIFE OF THE AMERICAN TEENAGER <3
Life is a big supermarket! Take what you want. But remember, in front of a Cashier. And all must pay!
yeah there's a great 10/20 half NL/PLO that runs here, come down and we'll shoot a few rounds of golf n kick it pre-WSOP
a good rule!
This would be a fine time for Nick Johnson's first hit of the year.
Yes I am watching high school musical 2. Yes I know all the words to every song.
Prom is tonight
Happy Thanksgiving! We hope everyone is enjoying this day with their family and friends ... and lots of food!
I want a dippin dots maker for Christmas!!!! Aghhh I'm such a little kid xD
I get compensated for my donations.
To pay for pedestrian & bike-only bridges!
Help us take back the Virginia State Senate and return it to conservative values this
Campus jurisdiction, campus system, based in ed mission? That's my basic understanding.
The Beach Boys and Maroon 5 are teaming up at the Grammys. Adam Levine is going to take the biggest shit over Surfer Girl.
Creating a new you for the New Year? Updated sunglasses and eyewear are the perfect accessory!
Turns out that the "parma ham" flavored potato chips at Boots are vegetarian. That's just...wrong.
CHANCE! Enter to win a FREE Catered Party! (a $325 value). Enter to win @ www.PatricksCatering.com Drawing to be held
i miss you too! come visit soon chica!
Lord, please don't let me be late for my final
Successful People Farm; or, That Was A Stupid Idea
as long as you are doing what you love and being the best that you can then that's all that really matters
on the URL website
When you are single NO one wants to be bothered UNTIL you get someone...
Coach strong "we are a running team we will run the ball"
I will wait for you in the shadows, amongst the goats, sir.
Had a blast last night. Thanks to everyone who came out, you're awesome! See you guys on the 23rd at Brauer House in Lombard!
Free Webinar-Social Networking for Artists and Performers: Develop and Maintain an Online Presence; April 5 at 4:30 p.m....
Social media is turning the world into a town
You can't "insert twist here" in a script. Twists must make sense and be meaningful to characters. Think of 6th Sense vs. Shyamalan's rest.
Dates are finalized for color correction and sound mixing! We're heading to LA on April 3rd. Almost there!
It gets lonely here this time of year
no kidding. If he calls one before the field goal attempt who knows what situation is.
New follower
they don't got clothes boo. true afterglow ent.
aye buddy
#ItsCrazyHow I thought that I'd never fall for you, but I thought wrong , I did fall for you<3.
Ok good..im not a creepy person..i just overthought that..like i do everything else
Tulsa we will see you Saturday
Recently read about teenagers getting drunk on hand sanitizer. Maybe your little darling was just trying to help you out.
By 2100 the world population is projected to be 10 billion(Time Magazine)Education will be the key factor in preparing people for the future
Go Sunday!
you better follow me hahaha
The Masters are sending prayers and love from NY! You are a #soulman that had a great season of performances on #thevoice!
too scared to turn on the tv and watch the game. Still reading tweets to find out the score. Someone tell me when the Magic wins.
apparently not in Massachusetts
If you don't do whats best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end. -Julius Erving
You should open a location in NY!
Has anyone taught in #Colombia? Would love to hear your experiences!
OH MY GOSH no. Eff. I wouldn't mind doing it infront of the class but infront of Ms.Powers class too?! :( grrrr.
The only good part was that they played One Direction
Oh. Don't hit a fire hydrant.
We should so get Noah an engraved dog ID tag for when he starts crawling nshit hahahahahahah
Now Following , Follow Back :)
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
"put a sock in it joffrey, the boys in love"
“: Ain't no such thing as a main bitch in the words of the main bitch be the main one looking stupid!” preachh
Yea I could have any of them but none would be as good as the one I truly want but can't have.
will do! I hardly drink being I'm a lightweight but a friend from Omah is visiting me! Yay for girls night ;)
no one on the corner have swagga like us
Yea, and they don't have any friends either.
just saw your tweet to me....YAY THE FAN!! How's it goin in Denver? I miss it for sure...
do you already have your cabana booked or do you need help with that?
Making Flash banners for people to click on and make me money.....$$$$$
has been feeling really sorry for myself too long! No one loves a pity party. Even if there is cake. OK, maybe a li'l cake. :D Onward!!
"Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest men in national government too."
Take one for the team Will!
Just heard "Rosealia" playing on the deck of the bar next to my office :-)
just got my invite! finally!!
Introduction AD: "Brilliantly foolish enough to venture where only angels might tread."
I propose #grammy awards only for vocal performances without the use of pitch correction/auto-tune. Then these hacks would go away.
I'm going to be honest, I have had WAY too much fountain Cherry Coke today.
#Patriots for sure! RT : It's NFL Championship Sunday - what team you rooting for? #Patriots? #Ravens?
Just the truth. It did take me a little while to find the RSS link down at the bottom though ;)
Judge not.
#SanDiego is one of America's Finest Cities, and also home to two of best #Sangrias on the West Coast...in our humble opinion ; )
is the drive in not opening up this weekend?
what? Where from? That's ridiculous.
Sweet! Just let me know what/when works for you that day.
first follower!(: #twitternoob!
if it's nice next sunday, i'm down
thank you, all the best to you as well.
I hate this humidity!
damn #cuse I know Fab was good but he wasn't the team! Where is this deep bench I saw all year! ugh
I wish I knew more about cars. Like where the oil goes.
Been so busy don't have time to tweet.
send me some Goodmorning Loving <3 :)
Words said in a Twitter Battle ~ RETWEET...RETWEET!!
And Plax shoots himself kills noone and goes away for 20 months #thataintright!
Noted...I will have to make a pilgrimage to the homeland of Red Wings Baseball, Scottso, Garbage plates, and 98PXY.
Oh my gosh you HAVE to read Saint! Lol
Kiddo must know: How did you meet the fairy? (She's dying to meet one herself.)
Just like that 17-7 Bulls!!
Check out Jack O'Shea(my favorite, his beef is phenominal), as well as H.G. Walters in Barons Court
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you. -- Ray Bradbury
is a future hall of famer! What a great career. &#35;boilerup
of course, put "steppin out" in pandora, and got "human" by human league. Pandora=Born to make mistakes. Buzz. Kill.
no see OUR may issue! How does she do it all? “: Me too (see may issue)”
#NetworkedNY . . . people frm Midwest love Housing Works bookstore "a place you've never been can mean so much to you"
Oh yea! What are your plans once you get here? #Vegas ^AP
HECK YEAH!
Text from Orrin Hatch: "Was there an election tonight?"
hey and call meh tonight. gotta talk:)
reading Benjamin botton in ca and all I can think is how the heck would you give birth to a 70 year old man
hey chad
Time traveling
LOL HOW R U AND WERE STILL #TWITTERSISTERS RIGHT?
you usually get better value from local shops in small towns.
I have fractured c4 and c5 and cant use arms. Surgical proc next week. Ill chec out poem. Ty:-)
Bout to watch da movie it
I don't want to get out of bed it's so warm & Snuggly! Ah
Third book is a recent study of the parables in the new testament.
Man City have won the 2011-12 Barclays Premier League title.
living payin bills. How the kids
How is it that 'Exile On Main St' exists on my hard drive three times? I mean, it's a great album and all, but jeez...
Yay! Our 100th Tweet!!! Now ... back to work saving the computer world
we can do this #Ringer is too good to let it go to waste!
So glad to be getting back into yoga. Forced myself up early this AM & am at Yay!
Bored as hell
Room!! Vision Quest is where its at! I miss you so much! Come back to LaLa Land!
thanks for the follow. I will be sure to stop by the next time I am in town
Check out Houston's… great food. Rocco's Tacos & Tequila bar is also good and very popular
You're better off drinking water. Lol.
I'm losing focus...really can't believe she just said that.
Hey shorty!! Hope all is well! I will be watchin your show! Take care!
Teaching 42nd Parallel today: happily finding it contains almost everything I want this modernism and new media seminar to cover
RT : Fab Melo's tutor apparently ref-ing today's game... #Syracuse (HA! true, oh well #Orange moving on)
(jen) Super excited about the current animation I'm working on. Great clients and great artists. I can't wait to show this off!
cuz I want. to. talk. to. you.
It’s a FREE 20-part course and email newsletter that delivers the techniques and strategies you need to know as an online marketer
My Birthday was at Sandia last night.Good Dinner!
Watin for reheasal to start! :D thinking about getting some cupcake??? Hm?
Rubio needs to bide his time, wait til 2016. Mitt's a sinking ship. RT Mitt Romney to campaign in Pennsylvania with Sen. Marco Rubio.
yes & but also time can't be bought. I spent a year in archives, which is short for historian
Tours of their company? cc
...and that's a wrap.
hahahaha... is probably your new arch enemy because baby hippos are her favorite thing!
HEALTHCARE-If a dollar a day for 1 month could let you finally gain control over your healthcare ins. Is it worth it? www.theprofittrap.com
I don't talk to those ppl.
What color should i dye my Hair , auburn or light Brown?
Happy Birthday to one of the hardest hitting mofos behind a drum set :) Have a good one man!
LOVE UR TWEET HAHAHA AND JUSTIN!!!
Like, I've never met a set of labia I *didn't* like. In fact, I always wanted to meet more of them, have a chat, get to know 'em better.
RT : Want the buzz on Adult titles #TXLA12? Come to Book Buzz in Rm 340 AB 10:00 am. Hear from
Lmfao I like it
James glad to hear from you : )
Awesome Aldridge with old school wresting quote RT “: San Antonio Spurs, meet Bret Hart. #TheExcellenceofExecution”
M coconut shrimp :-)
That's some good film writing. Thanks.
I took a shower already, earlier, I might take another one.
Sup man! What's good
Dancing to one direction in my room like a monkey!:)
will do
RT : I want the grenade whistle
that's true. my sofa is always available, so long as you don't mind sharing with cats.
We are so excited to start rehearsals for Next Fall today! Does anyone have their tickets yet? They went on sale yesterday!
New Denise Belfon : BOLD FACE [2012 Trinidad Soca][Produced By Shawn "Mr. Roots" Mitchell]
": Nothing starts off the week better than a Sporting KC win #letsdothis"
do they play tonight?
Reviewing a file to see if a Class Action might actually be possible. I seriously doubt it... seriously, seriously doubt it!
Move over Firefox I love Google Chrome
we appreciate the follow!
Curtain call
Miss you too hermana-amiga! Yes, it was great to meet her! I wish you had been there!
I'll always be a fan since u were out of Texas. Glad the Bucks had you around. Cheers TJ.
Just launched: NEW Joanne Rose site! www.joannerose.com
Glad Spring is here so the chicks are showing some T&A finally.
I dislike hearing "everyone has gone through exactly the same thing that everyone else has" that is dismissive and pretty false.
Hey fatty. Sit ups are free.
I don't know how I feel about that.
Why do people always buy us shots?!?
#10FactsAboutMe I LOVE GOD AND I WILL ALWAYS WORSHIP YOU MY LORD<3
It should be the other way around. Yes.
Hey chicago: where can i get good wine and cheese?
I just KILLED that #Panera Chopped Steak and Blue Cheese salad.
Hi Julie, The new session starts Mar 25th Sun at 4PM!
Remember when republicans weren't troglodytes! 1932 Norris-La Guardia Act sponsored by two GOPers gave workers right to free association.
Hey Ava : ) can i please get your follow ? That will sure make my friday even better :D
how do I get in the email list?
#Lowkey I wanna be manhandled by Mrs.Foley too
hope u have a great day it would mean alot if u would follow me😊😊😜😘
And for the record, , I'm an "LA gay" and have been in a monogamous, committed relationship for 5 years.
Thanks again for another successful #tweetseats. Herbert Ross's #LAOBoheme remains a solid production.
Hey Kevin! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
As long as we're together, does it matter where we go?
Flex'n
#indieview MT : Unpaid internships are a nice idea to get exp., yet most students come out drowning in debt, how can they live?
At work. I love working the graveyard shift. It does surprise me how little sleep the elderly need. LOL. I work at a nursing home. Pease!
No tally for me
Come see us at in Funkytown today! Good beer, nice weather, and 2 wks from our Fest! Couldn't ask for much else.
what job were you going to apply for? Just curious. :-p
well I mean that's not completely inaccurate.....
NTS: DO NOT forget to get a picture w/ at the book signing tonight.
unlearning guitar is harder than learning it... Matt
I think the Mariah Carey CDs might stoke the embers a bit too. Just saying.
we ended up chasing you stupid.
I keep getting a message saying "someone's saying very bad things about you". What should I do? Matthew
If you've screamed at your TV or computer screen while watching Wisconsin Eye.
just have to get through tomorrow then off for a week!
my tanktop looks so cute today..
okay I love his other song scream
RT : I hate it when I make plans, get excited and shit don't talk through as planned. #ShitIsFuckingAnnoying <---
haha(: I thought it was pretty good(;
Netflix is awesome. i watch it while i promote my social networks on this one site. link is on my profile.
Happiness belongs to the self-sufficient. - Aristoltle
everybody needs a day job.
Not really a picture taking type of dude it's 1 thing to take a pic when i'm out or something but posing in the bath room mirror? negative
Thank you rain for giving me no signal.. ffuuuuuu you! #Really ?!
Do you work for a specific museum in DC? Love em all :)
Happy mothers day to my 2nd mom
Cavada's interiority aligned with the union cause; he is a synechdoche for the process of becoming-American / J. Aleman
AWWWH!! ADORABLE SIR:)
Sitting here thinking I'm am so glad to be apart of #First Ladies Social Club!
I dunno. I think it's pretty weak that famous ppl have 100k's followers but 0 follows. Just network theory in action I guess.
you should be like "do you believe in love at first sight? or should i walk by again?" ahaha
Hey Guys(:
Good :) You outta school yet?
Ahah, you put me on the spot now Julian. But yes.
my parents are here this wkend too! Super Bowl party may become very adult. my folks LOVE your mama!
Good news, Babi's rib is only cracked, not broken. She's still hopped up on codeine though.
please give a call back or leave your direct number in my DM. Assitant was busy with a customer.
It is so nice outside <3
Write a love note to your mate in chalk on the sidewalk or driveway.
Phones dead.
He is, THE GREAT, I am, that I am, I am
Lucky we've got 3more weeks:(
thx man. Back at you. Enjoy your night.
BIG THANKS to for the follows! CHECK THEM OUT!
RT : "speak your mind, even if your voice shakes" Maggie Kuhn
all that counts is here n now
the day is boring because nobody recommends :'( </3
BENN!! <33333 I miss you too!!
Everyone Here Misses !!” aw
It's all about The U..
I think it could be a good day.
Its awesome when people, especially young ones, feel comfortable enough to make RMHC their home. Great Job!
we worked together ten years ago and now keep in touch more via SM. he's a great guy.
LIES! :-) RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit. Theres no exceptions here guys.
I fucking HATE my moms husband if I culd get away w/ murder I wuld fucking kill him
Gut instinct on who lines up at C in Sept? Wells? EDS? draft pick? FA?
Oh, he suspects. He is just turned on by the idea.
4real huh they should make fridays a part of the weekends i need that
Its nice to see that baseball preseason games are starting
i need a printer that refills it self
until 7. But of course you can go later!
Every loose ball is going to Florida
Keep the internet uncensored! as a small business worker, save the internet, save my job!
Ctfu , Hey Man\
- lucky! How's the weather?
i feel ya.but u dont go @ a vet when u rookie
Good Morning Jay, thanks for the support! How is your week going so far?
Well, we'll definitely do both sides when we do the report. I know you'd expect us to. Maybe that's the hold up.
Is it ok to have so much passion for your business? OMG i LOVE iT!!Having soap that comes in nurmerous scents that make your feet feel silly
I want home
:) RT :Happy #VeteransDay! 50% off all haircuts for veterans today! New Clients @ Third Ward salon only. Call 414.988.4165!
Mexico not panicking... Probably confident from their 3-0 win over Honduras in the group stage... And they score...
Lopez: "I just got up & I walked to her. I think my nursing instincts sort of kicked in, thank goodness."
Gahhh this negative weather really blows. Show on the 26th in burnsville!
just make sure it's when I'm here too! ;)
There's A LOT of pressure on me at the moment to do well in my exams. They're in a few weeks & I'm already majorly behind in (c)
Funny thing about Notess' session, I've actually been looking at Ebsco for a few months.
Check out our calender on myspace.com/7blueskies for upcoming show dates.
Burns: It also needs to assist big #business in coping with change, development, competition, and embracing #entrepreneurial thinking.
No. Everyone has them.
no worries Michael, Monsanto will come up with another highly toxic, carcinogenic solution like Roundup 4 that problem :(
Im down with #fringe too RT : FRINGE time!
how long do you think it will be before you can get back to any emails?
"America sure loves to eat and then read about how to lose weight" Rebecca Bredhot #Vocus #State of the Media
At this ghetto shit Yellow Belly Racetrack
Want one of the $8 knockoffs they sell outside the park if the vendors are still here after the game?
do I know you?
my mother be panicking about my grades ... i just be like eehh whatever , i'll pass , relax
In Music Meeting- Band of Skulls “Light of the Morning” like this, makes me want a Mustang & there's Zepplin sound to it
Why Talk that Hard Shit if u ain't bout that Life???
its in the pacific northwest exhibition building.
ah you too
evidently tumblr was down last night. i didn't notice. andrea and i were kicking it old school, kitten videos on youtube.
Christmas eve dinner a 12 pack of tacos from taco bell for me & the mrs
Time for bed. A long day of Java troubleshooting, thankfully I have very smart team members at work. One day, I will be the master..Mahaha.
Sir: your decision to wear a hat and sunglasses on this night flight makes you look very, very douchey.
To take the kid to the gym or not to take the kid to the gym, that is the question.
Lately I have been remembering favorite items of clothing from my distant past and wishing that I still had them.
hell yea. Fucked your boi all the way up with the electronic start
imma be there y'all no matter what, no matter what no matter what yeah.....
lol, i guess not! they are quite amazing, really. What's the new gig?
you're making me miss DC so much right now. i love the monuments!!
you coming to at some point today? Love to show you around!
Unacceptable DISGRACE!
ah gotcha. spammers wouldn't be using mouse clicks or text selection, they'll do it via programming. but lmk how it goes with it.
Feeling pretty good about today.
check out www.smilezdagr8.com
u need to bring electro back! where the music at!? :P send me trax !
LIKE SHRIMP
Pictures: Megan Fox's Low-Key Lunch Date - Zimbio
aw thanks :) #sweet ha
Today's the day! Off to run the Spartan Race!
is a umm, swagjacker. or something. :)
That feeling you get when you kno that u paid for somthin with hard work and your own money
imma hide then I'm in them daily
I'd like to contact you about developing a Learn Objective-C app for my company. May we swap e-mails?
if i could have just one wish , i'd have you by my side .
Oh...But I still wouldn't trust it.
what happened man
yep!! Also, really a big fan of the funny/often sarcastic messages in ya'lls emails :)
m, bourbon
My hair looks & feels so healthy now! :)
RT : glad jelly ok though!! Foreal| ☺
hello RT I just realized I work with 7 national retailers everyday Why can't 1 be a pet store so I can play w/ puppies?
I just witnessed violence for no good reason. So sad that people have so much hate in their hearts.
YES! I saw this a few days ago, it's been on repeat. SO ridiculously talented.
Holy Shit Mens Health! I can have the abs I always wanted in ten days! Really?! Me?! Thanks!
"A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason." - J. P. Morgan
Unless your girlfriend is Rihanna, she doesn't love the way you lie. So don't.
Please keep my cousin Felice in you're thoughts & prayers.
Yep! Let's see now: Passport? Check.
“If you call one wolf, you invite the pack!” View our new line on a variety of fashionable men at our fashion show tmrw evening.
you have to wonder....
have u wacthed the x factor usa
Still haven't seen apt--getting a little/a lot nervous LOL! Hope you are having a writerly Thursday!
w00t for the shoutouts to #NYU at the #oscars! 11 grads nominated this year! My son will be a freshman in NYU drama this fall. #oscarfuture!
Did that Kony fella win his election?
(cont) lanterns, Monkey's fighting over wii, Ramen noodle baths, jacked geishas in ponchos, crazy commercials in slow motion
baby, there's no ditch deeper than my love for you. ;ر
#QOTD "WAIT! Those are hard. Wait for the moist beets. They have moist beets...oh yeah...these are moist."
You should know. You've gotten more people cut than any trainer I know, and did it in a group setting. You are
thanks for the follow
Fantastic. Keep us posted? We're working on an independent production as well - follow us for more info!
Yeah Osama is apparently dead....This could be actually very very bad depending on how fuc%ed up in the head the dude replacing him is.....
now following >> followback 😉
Smh,Lonely nights :-(
Just busted another brand new string. WTF?
If one more girl ask me to go see Titanic... :/
By not talking to #NFL, #Saints allowed Goodell to formulate own opinion based on gatherings. Players can't b*tch & moan cuz they took 5th.
See #Yu later,
damn, where is the fucking trust?
The gutless #Pens know it's over, so they are taking out #Flyers with cheap hits and dirty play.
": Interviewing on tuesday! I thiiiinkk this will be my 6th interview for
I had to shut it off omg I can't handle that movie, it's like watching my best friend or s/t agh
First ever TV taping was The Jenny Jones show. Jimmy Fallon tonight. I'd say it's a slight upgrade.
Wishing I could have something like Ning installed on my own website.
Am I the only one who didn't remember the time change?
you're freakin' amazing :)
When Jesus preached about His cross He included mine and all who desire to follow Him (Mt. 16:21-27).
My guess is the fact that this thing is about to cause him to miss time will be enough of a lesson. Kid loves to play.
I've never done that. has experience.
If people wants to leave you, let them.
Been a helluva weekend... Emptying DVR now... Great taping as always from , always top draw!
I want to stay up!
Happy Birthdayy too ((:
yes why?
Oh my gosh I completely forgot was a mother...I swear I don't take that girl seriously 😂
We'll have to arrange for that soon.
Interesting question in #chi2012 "Touch in Context"/16AB: Can we replace touch with flashing light+sound (with same a/effect)?
Good morning, sweetie. How are you? RT : Morning loves
Hahah. We live near Raleigh, which you know, is in NC. I guess he just went to Asheville to be in the film, makes me jealous.
Please follow , wants to be a singer he's really sweet.Ill follow you if you follow him?
The footloose makes me so happy.
Had a great visit discussing issues with officials and leaders in Parkersburg, Vienna, Wheeling and Weirton Thursday and Friday.
Pretty sure both these teams are non-contenders. Gosh, Newman at least look like you give a crap.
missng a meetng thats why I need the favor, I got some places hiring though !
