#RepubicanFashionWeek is not over yet folks! Mitt Romney just got GlitterBombed!
Hotter than hell outside! #Love #Texas weather :)
I spy and at the same lunch table
Eminem more faster than my Internet Connect.
I can't wait until the Olympics this year. :) It's gonna be awwwessoooomeeeeeee. I love so many of the summer sports.
Ok I'm up lets do this!
Thanks for coming in this am. Hope race went well - loved the outfits!
plotting and planning getaways
done it. Be strong!
I'm shy. By doing a bit of investigating on you might find me. I confirm or deny nothing.
Thx. Ended up using pageManager.getContainingPage(hit.getResource()); to get tags from QB result & made a helper to get info
I finally got Snow Leopard, and thus the App store of macs. Any recommendations?
I am never awake in the morning.
Yes boo I say BOTH! lol
Too funny that #ZacBrown was sporting a solo cup at the CMAs... so jealous you live up there!
Planning some things out and so excited to learn my placement for ASM
I approve of anything having to do with Rhinestones.
nope just a scrap phone til next week....
As a writer don't be afraid to be the master of your own little universe. it might seem stupid or petty. But that story is yours.
Can't sleep
fun fact of the day: The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terrabytes.
So long as there is breath in me, that long I will persist. For now I know one of the greatest principles on success; if I persist long e...
The 1st sentance that i write is always a fragment
Very thankful for today's Women’s Lunch & Reflection series at MU Faber Center! What a great lunch event!
what's good fam
Any ideas on a good flash converter for #iPad? Looked at Wallaby/Smokescreen/Skyfire.Wallaby seems to send image to rt corner? Thanks
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
Putting in some work, before going to work....don't forget I'm hosting at tonight from 11-1. College night, 18+ w
what up sir!!!
Sounds like great intro 2 : from nonpartisan leading Oct9 teach-in @ 3pm - Where Wall St $ ends up on K St
Simply beautiful outside..enjoyed great walk on the Mall..lots of tourists. DC is a great city!
My birthday is getting closer and closer :-)
Experience the very specific existential dread of realizing your bus is going the wrong way.
Agree. The article even talked about how important is to teach tech skills at an early age.
#Music is my drug! I love it, need it, and want it 24/7! :)
Finally booked a flight using Love the clean, simple interface, and the "wifi-enabled" tags are reason to come back.
the Red Cross is actually here now assisting.
Congratulations Driver!
time to follow ME! :)
do who ever you want you mean? ;)
I need my fix.
Might as well come to Chicago since everyone else is here for #NATO!
Weather does seem a bit confused this morning. :) RT : Hmm.. weird weather this morning..
i wanna new tat.!! :D thinkking about it
Instead of election returns, watching documentary about life of painter Alice Neel. Less depressing.
Less than two weeks into my school year at the University of Washington, I have read 3 textbooks and studied more than ever before!
#nzt its a special thing I take almost everyday with breakfast. There will be some at this party tonight in Prospect Heights.
"Openness is a two way street." C. Grant
Thank you so much for the well-wishes. I am thrilled! :)
Haha. I hear ya. I've been married for 3 years. Still only have dogs. You're young. Enjoy it!!!
Denver is looking beautiful today! It's 68 and sunny. Wednesday weather forecast says 30 degrees?
The Great State Roadshow will be in the #Houston area today thru the 14th, head to a location and see what you can find!...
I believe "Who Dat" will be surprised!!!
I wanna dance with somebody, I wanna feel the heat with somebody, YEAH I wanna dance with somebody, with somebody who loves me!
what is the creative structure inside google. and how big was the team that worked on this redesigb #
Thanks so much for listening!! New album in the works for spring/summer.. cheers!
yes, exactly!
watch out for low fences.
I wish.
So looking forward to it. Know nada about the teams but can't wait to pick ones to root for & ones to cheer against.
Nice! RT The entire team is editing our online store! Not much longer and will be an online store to ...finally!Cheers!
#TheWorstFeeling Being heartbroken
Let meh run ya bath water so yu kno its REAL...
Boring Sundayss :P BUt yesterday was fun:D
My hubby just told me that he wants to decorate his own bathroom. What the heck??!!! I LOL'd. Shouldn't have, but I did!
Hanging in Harlwem for a few
Watching the phillies and there new Of Hunter Pence !!!
It is not ok for a man to use a woman for her time and body.
Help desk replaced my L key, using super glue, bits of rubber, and help-desky magic. Yay!
#ghettoremedies when i used to have the hiccups my uncle used to punch me in the chest hard as fuck.........hell it worked
"Girls fall in love with what they hear. Boys fall in love with what they see. That's why girls wear make up; and boys lie"
sounds very CCT to me! Good luck with it. I went the class/portfolio route instead. Still working on that last paper though.
My goodness. What was it like?
Yes, Green Dove is located in San Diego. If you get the chance to come down I'd check em out for sure.
what's good brother..
Depends...Was it a nipple twist?
Brewers average attendance in 1995? 13,427. New stadiums, structures, revenues & winning help. Let's remember this, Milwaukee!
Puttin' in work. Recording/Producing a song through iChat. Technology's dope!
Hi Mr. Thompson, so delightful meeting you tonight! Hopefully next time you see me I won't be in a boot, haha! xo! JenR
My night is ruined....
It is not about the things you have in your life,its the people you have in your life....
Woke up to this text: "Sorry I tried to undress you on your porch 😳" - Long Islands are a bitch!
you're welcome to guest post on my blog anytime!
RT : lunch meeting with talkin PR *Thanks so much you two...LOVED chatting with you! LOVE your #music!
im not, cuz i will be sneaking off while uncle entertains them.lol
iHop customers = interesting local characters
Half the time ANB has no entry on the person I'm looking up
See? You're already curious. We win. ;)
I just logged into the site successfully. Are you still having trouble?
Sometimes I am floored by how infinitely weird the 60's were. My invisible, non-existant soul must have begged my Dad to buy Hendrix albums.
Like for real.. Let me bask in my glory.. Shit.. I deal with reality everyday.. Don't need u to fuck it up for me
Sure, no problem!
Free tanning is the best kind of tanning
Wake up bra. Time ta win. Dat iz if these waffles are ever ready.
man. Gonna be fun though! I'm from the West Coast, these will all be new spots (aside from DC and NY)
Is it weird I want to go on #survivor just for the weight loss and tan?
It's amazing that they're making two epic movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
Deer Web site design * Pony Internet website marketing : Home ...
yeah I had to wash it off!
Madonna. M.D.N.A. Cannot wait.
lmao your kindergarten teacher taught you well! But I still don't get how she managed to do something like that.
and the team is.... SOUTH AFRICA
RT : Special thanks to and and everyone who joined us last night for an awesome #mediachat on #youmatter!
WBEZ must have missed some budget numbers. These extra-curricular pledge days are killing me!
Hi! Im SO excited to see you tomorrow night in Denver at City Hall!!!! :-)
Gov Patrick speaking about state budget proposal (not transportation specific)
Probably? Certainly.
Teachers rock.
Those who say local news is all bad news should tune into KGW right now. Trust me. has a story that will change your mind
Wow Buccaneers where are your cajones? No way I'm getting embarrased like this on national TV. That's game!
- Obama lost in WV yesterday to a federal inmate. The inmate received 41% of the vote. A FEDERAL INMATE!!
Just finished two hours of being taped for the documentary " 8 Broken Hearts " directed by Sam Hurwitz. I am spent emotionally...........
who's number are you tweeting now?! ;]
At Opa. They're mashing up Cruel Summer and Good Feeling. That shit cray.
- missing you and your family! and western Mass!
Sob sob sob.
Good morning #CROchat, watch out I got a large coffee today.
Voter registration training, sorority meeting and "setting it off" with my sisters...it has been quite a day already!
Okay, things are looking up. I might be in my house before 9!
The #N9 office-tools document viewer gets stuck on large PDFs, so I ended up using imagemagick to covert each page to a JPG.
Stevenson Funny Quote of the DayFood is an important part of a balanced diet
#HelpingHayes my heart goes out to the family. You are in my prayers tonight. RIP.
My computer says 76 degrees, I'm outta here.... Go find a park, try a bike trail, GET OUTSIDE!
Watching at 2 a.m. :D
stop playin give her my #
Theres this typa voice that I fuckin go nuts over when I hear females that have it
Thank you :)!
Happy new year everyone!
you should follow me! :)
I did see something on fb about u being in the hospital...dang right after your bday huh
oh he is.
that he could of cared less about our friendship
#ItsHardTo stay awake in school...
Heading out to local boîte that has new menu w/"Brussels Chips." Huzz is scared. I am excited.
You go, Garfield! RT : Nothing lasts forever... Except whatever is in the back of the refrigerator.
shoot us a note at , we can get you something.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 19
Will you make my birthday amazing by following or tweeting me? Please? :D
Candy canes!!! Yum
Hey.... what's going on?
returning my books is going to be a fucking fiasco.
hey this is great
A best friend is like a four leaf clover: hard to find and lucky to have
STFU you little troll.
please follow me austin <3
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Moving back to Memphis. Got most of everything moved back last night. Will go back to Nashville tomorrow to get the rest. Moving sucks!!!
I am psyched to see what these Silicon Valley entrepreneurs make of your quaint academic notions!
okay. i get it you don't like me... is that how it is? lol :( <|3 NOTICE ME? its been like days maybe a week even ;(
Woot! Have an awesome time!
early morning student...Good actress..Show business..Od time right now. Waiting to get the "GOOD" news on my series.
I'll check it out. Thanks!
Girl , your such a whore . Just because a guy likes your ass doesn't make you 'popular' .
“: I hate the nba.” die
I forgot what winter looks like.
Calling all corn hole players! Enter our tournament and win awesome prizes! TOMORROW- 6 Degrees happy hour (5:30) at Field House Canton!
how do you know what a brats doll looks like?
Unfortunate library flow
you mean smoothie as in margaritas, right?
I dont like 2 sleep alone but no1 cares 2 try. ill have to stop thinking all the things I've always wanted are going 2 come true
Gay guys are always the hottest . -__-
Together, we can save G+
#aiip12 Getting Things Done w/ Marcy Phelps Evernote not sticky notes
I need to go back to sleep!!!
thought this was going to be about JC Brooks ;)
Just talked to my leasing agent. About time to go #LoganSquare apt hunting again! Very excited.
thank you for the RTs! Have a great day :)
i dont think beautiful is a compliment anymore now everyones saying everyone and everythings beautiful. k well not everyones attractive
coalitional politics was baking the dna of asian american panethnicity.... daryl maeda
I do! And i love him more haha
It's dinner time! Come out to Potomac Pizza on Falls/river road!
O :/ Happy Birthdayy To Her. Manyy Wishes . Shes In A Great Place:)
Yardley's voice right now <<<<<
Portland G Raymond Felton will miss Tues. game vs OKC for family reasons. He is expected to return for Thurs. game vs New Orleans.
Im da shit manuer pampers hang wit trappers all dau..nigga like me want letcha suffer,killas want turn u n to SUE FLAY!!!
haha I'm more of a 2.5lb kind of guy
Some think it's holding on that makes one strong; sometimes it's letting go. -- Sylvia Robinson
Teams recognize the Orioles' weaknesses at third base. They aren't hesitant to lay down a bunt.
no biggie
Thanks! Actually, I've been in less hospitable places than NY and won. So, we shall see. ;)
whoops ... shoulda warned ya.
That was a good try!
This is my first time in Pedro. Welcome!
What happened to ? Miss , too.
"lobbyists shouldn't dictate public policy."
i follow please send justin my name please thanks!!
Lots of new shit coming out real soon, this rare music takes time
We salute and thank all the veterans who have served our country! Thank you for all that you do!
Oh, we SO agree, Mr. Mad Man. RT I know I'm an ad man, but why do the commercials have to be so damn loud???
are you coming to hang out tomorrow
The dude that says "GET MONEY" is always the poorest ahaha
😉I hope that it heals fast and healthy wish all the best Daniel
Cyclist friends I need to invest in a pump. Do you have any recommendations or advice on what to steer clear of? Floor, hand, or CO2 pump?
volunteering to work on Labor Day... great idea lauren
Learn about the heart-healthy benefits of Cocoa in the new issue of with , inspired by the Kuna!
Public drunkenness, violence, and property damage...are these really the things we think of when we think of the Irish?
i wuldnt of fit any way its cute though
my mistake i ment titanic 2 it sucks in my opionion but i wanna c the first one
hey I love the title of the album, hope you're having a ball, be safe, see you soon...
So I meddled about in CafePress and created a Don't Vote Republican T-shirt. If you so dare...
lol he's 24 jerk off and Im only 28. I got him into the show 4 or 5yrs ago.
of course! We are at riverfront.
#coffee now.
Hi, my name is Rhena, and I'm a Shopaholic. 😔
no what are they?
they ignore the red flags because it may be easier than facing immediate loneliness
ha! Bless their hearts.
I just hung out with the cutest fucking couple, Mark & Saul, fuck I was 3rd wheel but damn it was worth it just to be in their presence.
Miss Whitney Houston...."I Will Always Love You!" Your voice was one of grace, power, and pure beauty! May you RIP.
I truly don't think there's anything wrong with polygamy involving honest and willing participants. #GroupLove ... but ...
but i really am excited and kinda nervous :p
yeah! Lol we were in the white sequoia.
:i do the same in the bathroom & my friends do the same to so who ever says its ghetto can go to hell:))
I pick the first three :D
The Eta chapter stands behind our Vanderbilt brothers
can't wait to wake up to the drunk tweets!!!
OMG .. we did all this work and now they not answering the phone?!?!?!?!
It's funny how you call Dani and Dick low lifes but call Paris Hilton and Rachel and Brendon cute and sweet people?
Must be doing something right, I just heard you sigh
Putin "won" in Russia. Looks like all the predictions I made that I don't want to happen are going to be the correct ones.
My dad just pisses me off.
haha. You never know :)
Missing someone... Or maybe I'm just being silly...either way your on my mind
Cannot sleep.
So the one hit wonder is arguing with ?? Lls...
Praying for everyone in harms way with the storms and aftermath.
I feel you needed a little knowledge from me we haven't spoken in a minute, I can't give you too much over twitter though..Lol
Thanks for the Fruit Tree Sale shout out! We're getting ready now and there is a lot of good stuff!
Doesn't your relationship deserve some attention? Everything you need from exotic vacation getaways to flowers & gifts. www.FreeXpedia.com
now don't get me wrong I love pussy but ill praise weed b4 I praise pussy
what up LP dogg
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
Dont lie about how "you met mgk lastnight." You live in cleveland, hes on tour. Pretty sure i know more about than you .
Classical music helps you study better and remember more! "Who Let the Dogs Out!" by the Baja Men! doesn't!
So, there aren't many residential houses in Chinatown, but here's one that was renovated from commercial space. Amazingly awesome....
Having a "wiener-ific" time with and other fabulous people.
Thanks, Mary!
RT/⁰Much love to She loves all of her fans and her cd is awesome! The best I've heard in a long time.
And wallpaper.
Good night world... I go back to work again tomorrow. New job new adventures new life new times new age new morning... let the sun shine in
I knew I'd see a Spongebob tweet from you today. I don't know how, I just knew it.
RT : sits on pole for today's SuperBike main event Moto Jam! Weather is great, come on out!
(: I'm staying over right ?(:
RT : "The future belongs to those who see possibilities before they become obvious." ~ John Sculley
Good luck to anyone taking their last final(s) today! #summerisalmosthere!
you are awesome. thanks for the retweet love.
#beenthinkinrandomly i need to travel more! Time to save my moneys!! ;) $$$ lol
sure. I look forward to sharing ideas.
Pray for Haitians. It's devastatingly horrific. Caotic.
your tweets are soo sweet..<3 They make my day better..<3
You're still planning on making the jello syringe shots, right? Do you need me to help...
- ohh yess!! & I miss you too girl!
Joffrey is one sick bastard...
Saturday night in the library! The life of a law student.
I'm tired 😖 ugh
hah yeah it was interesting for me xD
Bought my new laptop as soon as my old b magically get broken cause Michelle know not to be broke
Take a ride on a Jetski Tuesday!
Thanks for catching our mistake. "No cars in my household" has now been added to the survey. , FYI
Good luck finding 4 leaf clovers.
Interesting article in latest College English about the ethics of naming administrators in published research about writing programs.
I am with you!!! If Sleigh Bells sold out I would actually be able to get them somewhere on the Radio!! See you at SXSW soon!
These storms better hold off
Beautiful! I like La Muerte a lot.
Commercials with talking babies creep me out.
Your argument is invalid.
[waving fist in air] Damn you sweet, sweet juniper and wheat flour!
The sunrise was beautiful. Happy Easter and Passover! May your smile shine today. Cheers.
you liked it?:)
I want some! I want some!
Eccolo Media study: 83% stated the embedding video or audio in written content positively affected the overall influence of the article.
Friday night - sample the Serie A Malbec from Argentina at the & Indy Wine Fest. This wine rocks!
I'll add you to the list.
My thighs look like baby whales omg.
Each of the three catalogers opens a new TC approximately every 5-7 days. It really depends on how much "stuff" is inside.
Belated #FF thx to - you make us blush :)
Lol yeah they both ae great they are def in my top 10!
Holy shit! I just went & read it. Someone's a bit touchy! It was my first Flogging Molly show. Couldn't have been more thrilled.
Take #chocolate to your New Year's party! It's a better party-starter than #champagne any day. We're open till 11 PM tonight.
Totally forgot it was #Pulitzer day. Thanks, for the reminder!
Ice cream cones at 3 a.m. With my boys and
we need more followers! please retweet!!!
Now watching Game of Thrones
Thinking about teaching in South America? Hiring season just started! Do you know how to get jobs there?
sorry to hear you're having trouble. Can we help?
oh man you're in for it. I guess that means she likes you!
Hi Susan! Thank you for the RT! ☺
calls us today at 11 on
see you in a few hours. Don't forget to tell everyone that's coming to bring their phones/cameras.
consider it packed.
awww! Thank you!
Ocean Clinic March 27th.Call office to register 310.390.5700. 1st hour will be @ LMU pool then grab your wetsuit and drive down to the beach
Pretty sure we won't be having THAT exotic of food at
I love youu ! Your like my twin,... always smiling !
Issue No. 6 features stories on #humantrafficking, #HealthySF and stories from news partners , and
cute picture! We hope you're having a wonderful time. :)
Yes! Long live Portland writers!
If you love someone you would be willing to give up everything for them, but if they loved you back theyd never ask you to.
WOULD YOU FOLLOW ME OR NO WELL IF YOU DO I FOLLOW BACK AND WE BE FRIENDS ;)
Better not be talking about me!
yea I'm very surprised I'm happy though.
Just saw Dismemberment Plan. They ruled. Played all my jams. I spent cab fare home on a T-shirt.
uses the DC flag in a fun way as part of their logo. Two rolling pins and three stars.
work. I have no social life for the month of may :( but I need to make time for you!!! Miss my babes
They are towing cars on Drew & Milam. Observe street signs before you park folks. Being gangster and acting like you don't care is stupid.
I can't wait til tomorrow ;D
If we don't know life, how can we know death
Dance til the world ends? Of course!
Good question. RT : How close to do the Steelers have to get before they trust Suisham?
I'm all for sexy....but make sure its not Scott that is doing it!! haha
Come say hello to our editor Enat Sidi at and Rachel at , great festivals which start tmrw!
You look like an inbred shoe salesman
There is a bat in and room
Agree! RT "If the shoe fits, buy it in every FUCKING color."
:) now I need to figure out what kind of cake I want
Think about doing a fee acoustic songs some time next week live on stickam. It's been a while.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I always yell "NO MORE JAIL!" right before i step on the bus to leave.
thanks man!
I love pepperoni!
um no. do you have a skype? i will SHOW you the extent of the ratchetness of this video
ugh!!! Jealous I wa By it right
Thanks Babe :>)
I hate it when you just don't get the respect you want back.
lmao! No they don't.
The graduating men of Bonhoeffer are: Wesley Adjei, , Jonathan Irwin, (Burk Ohbayashi), and Andrew Rogers!
the one thing I hate about summer is the bees. i hate them.
Good to meet you too, nice pic! ;)
I'm in the middle of drawing an homage to the picture book "I want my hat back" but with Bork and a sammich
A happy marriage is a matter of give and take; the husband gives and the wife takes.
WH talking point: "we make it absolutely clear that we are talking about civil marriages & civil laws. This isn't a federal issue"
One last time happy birthday
Check my people and they got some sick shirt to match kicks
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims of the 8.9 earthquake and its aftermath.
There's no place else I could be, but here in your arms.
Yes. I will be the dick. HAHAHA
Raburn will the designated window shopper tonight
no more braces.!(:
Gonna test the limits tonight
What do you think of Portland gettin u a young PG in the draft? Maybe Kendall Marshall? Maybe a center such as Tyler Zeller?
Brand new F150's can be anywhere from $20k - $40k. 2005's are no where near $20k. He'd be lucky to get $50k WITH signatures.
I'd just like to point out that 's picture is cute.
it's unlikely but it's how my mock went.If there is run on the defensive linemen and corners it could happen.Let's hope it does
: nice spot! welcome to DC!
He's gonna feel stupid when he watches tape and sees KG destroying him. KG's loving it so he's only fueling the other team.
Her editor says "she has as much drive and integrity as any journalist I've ever met." says: "There's no other way."
I want a girl single is boring
Aww Boodle, I'm in Frankfort or I would!
Ppl are funny to me that's y I stay to myself to many fakes so when I make this next move don't be like I used to know him now he big time
"You don't seriously think you're perfect, do you?" "Not on the outside, not the inside, but in my mind." sorry. but I'm perfect, k?
Hey, gym....yo' mama!!! Great workout this morning. #ain'tnobodyplaying
However.. I don't care much of it.. I enjoy that my life keeps you entertained.
Thanks for hosting at City Hall this afternoon. We really enjoyed it!
I can only hope this means you got me a present for each day!! 😊😘👍🎀💎👑💝
I rarely talk to her . But everytime we are alone . We'll talk bout lot of things
yes it is an how I cant wait to get wasted
*cue circus music*
Anyone have tips for how to sleep in the same room with someone who snores loudly?
When a man opens the car door for the women one thing is for sure. Either the car is new or the woman is.
I'm now a card-carrying member of the Dill Pickle Club in Portland, and eating pickles make my eye twitch.
RT : Half Way there! Tired already? I wish that work from home moms had a #Hump Day. It's seems we're always workinganyway.
btw, name of the bad dude at the end: Darksied.
u have got to be the funniest person on twitter
Twinkle twinkle little bitch, I hope you fall into a ditch ;)
We're settling in for the evening. Thankful for this day-Great trip drawing us closer to loved ones...visiting with dad Sun.
That party last night was awfully crazy I wished we taped it
m just a small taste :)
Seagram 7 and finding a 2 liter in my fridge of Ginger Ale OH HELL YEAH
mine seem fine...
That's *kickball*, of course.
So, Stephen Sondheim is coming to Vegas in July for a speaking engagement. He is bringing Christine Ebersole to sing. Cue
You inspire me.
Thanks Virginia! Have a great weekend.
That's more of a shade, no?
Movie legend Anthony Quinn's actor son has died after suffering an apparent heart attack on Friday night.
i missed all of you<3
lol! Man, I never go away. I'm always here.
WHY IS EVERYONE IN MY SISTERS GRADE THAT MY SISTER DOESNT EVEN LIKE FOLLOWING ME. PLEASE GO AWAY
Just got in a MTG restock! Innistrad, 2012, Dark Ascension are now in stock!
After body pump yesterday I can't do much more than stretching and doing laps.
Thanks for tweeting out the
following back!
thats the first time anyone has ever replied to my tweet!
Yes, definitely! Let me know what works for you!
no problem I like to give credit where credit is due. You seem pretty awesome I like artist who talk to there followers.Props
waiting on you my my G
We are so happy is sponsoring our festival. With this #DC weather we need nice cold beer!
Nice way to wake up. She looks great.
Not even watching Desperate Housewives. WTF.
@ NewVox working on some last minute details for tomorrows show, when... hunger struck. Want 2 Pete's Hotdog, its like coming home. GOOD!
LOL @ all these teams resting their Top 3 players. Where did they get such a BRILLIANT IDEA?!
About to get on this mix tape...... #truth#
I still love
KICKED ASS
Great to be in such fabulous company!
RIP Jim Mandich
part 3 please
is tweeting about vial crimpers and is all about inspiration and innovation points. Standard day of work.
we'll all be there for Clemm's birthday too
Why replace Pacsun with a Lego store? ..No just no
how about I come visit and we frolick around seattle in all the gay bars?!
"I spit hot fiyah!"
High school security <<<<<< COME ON NOW YOU NOT EVEN A REAL POLICE OFFICER
I want soupy
hey follow on all ur accounts plz , she a friend in real life
..WOWOWOWOW congrats ..looking forward.
happy birthday sweetie
I really Needa ✂
"this assault will be devastating and will have no impact on getting our economy back on track"
That's all for now! ...Can you tell my coffee is kicking in? :)
*breaks TV*
Who is excited for Heaven with ?
Do the Seahawks like to reach in drafts or is it just me?
Good morning!!
Bout to hit the hay
RT : “: Its going down tonight in San Antonio TX @ endless music!!” << ENDLESS MUSIC TONIGHT FOLKS !!!
": how?" Found guilty
Now the proud sponsor of Miss Hunt County!
So this is the Twitter update all the cool kids got before me? Not too bad. Better than riding a bike down a bumpy street w/ a missing seat.
except my street had "insufficient data". I had to settle for 352 College Avenue SE
Investor, Agency, Lender, and MI Updates
Actually, those comments came from spouses. The mostly male audience was more interested in, well, baseball...:)
When I had my electronic baby, I sewed her clothes and bought her a Halloween outfit.
Looking at #ABAchat from last night. Sorry I couldn't make it. Great info. re: #ethics & #ABA thanks for facilitating
I heard we're the best. Just kidding, but we've got awesome customer service. You should check out our inventory.
This 49ers defense is unreal.
It's Chicago Craft Beer Week #CCBW! Who doesn't love a good Beer #Belly? is celebrating with $4 pints of
"love means never having to say you're sorry." That makes no sense.
this sat!
I Hope 1 Of These Days We Bump Into Each Other In The City :D you know i live here and you live here so there is a good chance!
I got the last ticket!!! Woot woot
: Absolutely! What kind is it? haha
I hate people.
Now that State Farm is offering teleportation with their service I'm considering switching ...
AT WORK IM A CHEF SLASH HOSTESS TUNITE.... IMA BAD CHICL, IN DA KITCHEN
love u gals! Had a lot of fun tonight.
Let's just say that I'm having a very successful Victoria's Secret experience ;) x
Will be reading Hunger Games in one sitting tomorrow in order to take daughter to movie on Sunday-- can't wait to read this!
Ah yes, but what does it cost in terms of one's own soul to write a book about SEO?
Much appreciated! We plan to bring the film back to toronto in the fall so follow us!
Lazy Sunday? We hope your Thursday won't be too! Get here 5/17 for Donna Frost at 9pm! $5 and a great show!
I want to walk away from the TV, but I can't seem to do it...
We're watching Australian baseball. Who should we cheer for?
can you just stop and peace out? Lol.
Discovered that Boy Meets World is on ABC Family when I get ready for work, made mornings SO much better
Don't expect too much from me, and I won't let you down.
thats funny! Im jealous!Theirs are bomb!
I miss the "GoodMorning babe" and "GoodNight babe" texts...:/
Tweet me if you want a foolow back (:
I only have 5 classes why are u failling out 3 out of ur 7 classes?
I miss you too sis :-)
My phone is growing a butt crack.
I made a Grilled Cheesus...haha :)
wowww and it consisted of you playing brick breaker the whole time
Both hands!! totally surrendered.
wow its been a while but anyway follow this dude he is a rising star he rocks
omfg you're amazing
music is a universal language ☮
I don't get baby urges, I get house-buying urges. And puppy urges.
You mean I've been wasting time adding commas to my numbers in my acct lab when I didn't need to? I blame wileyplus.
Feather 1:38 - In the mind goes meat. Out the mind goes ground belief.
Happy late St. Patty's day!!! Sorry, I've been out of the twitter loop lately!!!
They loved it!
Coffee smells like freshly ground heaven. ~Jessi Lane Adams
im at a bachelor party right now fuck pizza hahaha
“The same stream of life that runs through my veins night and day runs through the world and dances in rhythmic measures.” Tagore
To much hatred now days.
y'all should come to my show thursday
Here i was thinking you'd left me alone for good lol silly me
They just panned to rocking his on the sidelines
indeed indeed indeed...
facial hair, or rather some stubble, classic goes with the weather! xo. Had this conversation about an hour ago.
One Direction would be the band. The question: Harry, will you go to prom with me in April?
does VIP to the big time summer tour include meetingg yu? :)
Greinke says he like #milwaukee.says Mark A is best owner in baseball.. Still no agent.wouldn't tip his hand on contract extension .
who hasn't watched avengers yet?
“ baby you know i love you too ♥” i know boo <3
let's get it!
I hope she trends<3
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -
Still says no :(
Looking forward to speaking at tonight on the campus! See you there!
looks like a great article she is a good writer
it went well! Had fun! Thanks lovely.
Macaroni Kid is sponsoring Hwang's Kickin' It For Kids Taekwondo Extravaganza on March 24th. Ticket sales benefit Kosair's. Not to...
You must have been born on a highway cuz thats where most accidents happen
is that n Nigeriean Naira Lehman Brothers European Mezzanine Leverage Ltd. Listing 4 take Bus. plan courses need JV ptrs.
": I am gonna go out on a limb here and say there won't be much handshaking going on after this game..." Lmao I think I agree!
It's NFL draft week, folks. Get excited!!!
You never know what you have....until you clean your room. . .
you jelly?
EVERYONE WATCH MTV EMINEM's movie is on !!! U GOTTA LOVE
Thanking God for the morning...even though I'm tired and groggy today, I'm still happy to be alive and thankful for God's blessings! -Dave
Follow me maybe?
Ha! Loving Idol this yr. I have a couple favorites already!
We'd love if you used 1000memories to share those shoeboxes of photos with family, once you get them all scanned!
Awesome! PS, I'm a Camille Rose Garcia fan, too. Actually have a tat of one of her drawings. :) - Jess
Capping my afternoon with a little Rage Against the Machine. Good times. Rally 'round the family...
Just a few more days till the blogging launch...so excited... keep watching.
1 more day until Friday!
Rachel Maddow is so smart. She always twists/turns facts to fit her point. You need to transcript the conversation to call her out on it.
The Yankees are keeping contract with Hedeki Matsui and they won't spend too much money.
Brewers win at Wrigley! 7-5. Happy, happy, joy, joy.
If there where more conservatives the country would be better off
I am so pumped!
#IUsedTo stare at the stars and wonder of the worlds that lie beyond our reach. Now, from this space ship, I dream of nothing but ice cream.
My New Background ;)
Need to get outside and get some fresh air. Call me if you need me! Later.
Enjoy life, don't analyze it.
Tryin to be nice an happy but it hurts too much but at least this got me wide awake
do you know what sites to go to in order to find your online classes !
bailey just flashed his abs...
well my boyfriend is a guitar. so.....you just go be with ms. intriguing.....
Updated again... Ack, more to say, but must prepare for class!
Stunning. God bless her.
might want to get your tire checked, can result in a blowout leaving you stuck or stranded - just an fyi
ICANN may have seriously misfired in 2011
That's funny because we were thinking the same thing too! It should be a nice sunny weekend, looking forward to seeing you!
I'm not, but really wish I was :-(
At 8:30 1 question will be asked first person to RT and answer wins ! Got it !!
Success is my cologne
god whats would yuh follow, yuhr gut instinct, or yuhr basic instinct?
Loving the new VonChurch logos.
Wedding dress - the main attribute of true love.
they're finally getting that pimped out park!
I'm sharing a 5br apt with 1 bathrm and 4 gay men in NY till I move. I'm having the same issue. I feels u, girl. 😉
Kevin Gregg has to be the best $6million mop up guy in baseball, right? O's win!
James Knoblich presents ATT's Lunch and Learn Session
the internet is contagious: google is now asking me, "Did you mean [misspelled word]?" no, google, i meant to spell it right, thanks.
Cuz you know that you sent that message ... Lls
kobe's sick? looks like he's goin for 55 tonight
#uneedhelp y because he's buff but probably has a small wanker though!? Jst saying... Hell he might be gay...
thanks for the love!
hahahahahaha only for you beauty queen
Mfs so irritating today
Is paying for premium worth it? Who has it?
Had fun last night - green flashes of light and no power. But we had books, candles and cards - weird to entertain without electricity.
Dance Place to undergo renovation in 2013 - Washington Post
Thanks Barb! I can't think of a better compliment! : Normally I hate instagrams. Yours are worth clicking on :-)
Chaos, panic, & disorder -- my work here is done.
"My kids make me laugh, my husband makes me laugh, my "unit" makes me laugh harder than everything." -The Daily Show's Samantha Bee
Will never be the way we once were, and it kills me inside, but I need you more then ever and I don't know how to show it.
Had a boring week
EQ is not "soft & squishy." It's a physioligical response. Recognize that, and learn how to stop, oxygenate, and seek information.
Yo! Grasshoppers! Get out of Finland!
dm me your number, i only have one presale left but ill give it to u at the door
Terry a hoe gone laugh at a nigga
#133 your all so pretty; white shirt nick; aero shirt madison black shirt with white tank: madison or tmoney and black shirt: vinny(:
Tonight's definitely an indie music kinda of night
#NowPlaying climax - usher
it ain't nothing to do.
Okay, which one of you is going to be ahead of the curve and offer 'Social Media for Embryos' workshops?
Watching #Fuel play 'bad day' ...these guys are pretty lame but I still like this song lol
I'm back in San Diego and ready to tackle this month. Ready, break!
Capital Bikeshare near my home and office + Pennsylvania Ave center bike lanes = new method for daily commute.
deal and teepee! ": Il help u :) RT : melanie ill fork your lawn and put balogona on your car :)"
So what 'password' and 'abc123' aren't good enough anymore? What's the internet coming to?
> Girl, you turnt it al the way up!!
RT : *Tears RT : The NFL draft is tonight u think any team will pick Nene from the HW of Atlanta? -AWESOME!
The only thing dead about DJ Quik is his career.
Life has never been so happy - it's a #lovefools weekend with and
Lining up my pole
To support your participation in Movember, participating Kennedy's locations will trim your moustache for free this month!
huh?? I never get any attention... whatchu talkin bout willis??
Tried to make coffee. Made something so strong it almost tastes like alcohol.
My wife Jeanne and I are about to present "Tweet Your Way Into Professional Development" join us in room 125
I think that I need to realize that in the bigger picture, most of the people I know of now are people I won't know of 5 years from now.
how many are you recording? and how many gon be on the mix tape?
Swarm game is at 8:30. Think I'll miss the soccer game.
Not if you're
Fingers crossed is right!
that sounds to die for!!!
not sure if it your phone or mine but every time you call there's nothing. Like you won't respond hahaha
Thanks for noting that; MED is due for a makeover btw
Options include a power moonroof, six disc CD changer, and a DVD-based navigation system sure to befuddle the Town Car’s octogenarian owners
Happy Thanksgiving yall!
I'm hot for sara rojas
I am grateful I have a job.
I Love Outfit Tonight! Espically His Glasses.
I respect my wife too much to do the things I want to do to you tonight.
to educate how to cite sources because students clearly have not learned before college <-- SO frustrating! It makes me sad...
Maybe that special was made by conquistadors, and that's just what they want you to think. Played right into their hands.
I don't know who convinced me to buy donuts last night, but I salute you.
Get your Happy Hour BISTRO PASS! Every Thurs, 4-8pm. $15/pp - 2 drinks & 2 bites. This month's location: Le Grand Bistro.
yes! I always wanna go to aero and visit you, but then remember you quit :(
yah, d00d...mow through it!!! I found it kinda refreshing to just get it out of the way, since some side missions weren't good...
my horoscope says i'll be getting money soon ;D
let's do it. Ru free sometime next week to meet and discuss ideas?
Thanks Nina! Mike and I are 2/3 of your West Coast buy back team. Hope to catch you on one of the campuses with us soon!
Oy. Nothing is a more poignant reminder that I am getting old than dealing with the after math. Not brilliant. At all.
:( thking of you
Never get it,,, cause I dont like zoom
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business, and your business in your heart
I really think my finger will be effed up for the rest of my life..
I was lucky enough to see Follies before it closed today. Absolutely amazing. Bernadette and Jan Maxwell have that star quality.
RT : really north carolina? first cousins but not gay people?! i just threw up a little bit in my mouth.
I love it. Really expresses a bright and fun personality. And it sounds like you can kick some ass. RT www.amylaurel.com
I am one of the Winners yeeee :o)
Kimberley should be there!
May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness! Hope You had an Awesome Time, and have a Gr8 Year Ahead! GOD BLESS. :)
Please follow us back :) it would meen the world to us...
Vegas tomorrow! 😁
Smart thinking, are you on the Acela? I have food and drink recs for lunch, too.
I have no problem with gay marriage, but Obama? Such a calculating opportunist. His convictions "evolved"?! So colossally disappointing.
With the 102nd pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Josh Johnson
Just saw Sandra Bullock buying a mop in Bed Bath & Beyond. Go Knicks!
Time to call it a night, and as #RoyRogers would say, "Good Bye, Good Luck, and May the Good Lord Take a Likin' To Ya."
Working & listening 2 v #cricket bits I missed. You don't have to tell me I'm weird. I know.
You need time with you need time. Doesn't mean you don't love yer sis. Sorry, hon. Don't feel bad. Soak up kid cuddles.
ALL TEENS!! THIS THURSDAY THE BIGGEST CHRISTMAS TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!!
Get 'em both drunk
well just got done playin #wwe12 and now goin to sleep lol
Wish I was going to the show tonite in Norman but im outside of Memphis tonight...
you have a camera?
My favorite is definitely Russell Brand and Luis Scola...They look identical
Just waiting for to knock it out of the park tonight!
Idk about Canada, babe..haha I could do an extended visit for a few weeks. But I'll spread the crazy when I'm there!
killer bootcamp this morning with !
I think at this point I'm beyond thirsty.
RTing omg this could be the day he notices mee! Ah!
Just watched Peter Miller's documentary, "Sacco and Vanzetti"--it was really well done, informative, and though-provoking.
couldn't agree more. Saw this tuesday. Heartbreaking
Am I the only one who thinks Kendall Jenner looks just like a younger and skinnier Kim Kardashian!?? Its creepy!!
seriously? Call the cops. Want me to come home and save you?
RT : It's crazy how you can go months or years without talking to someone but they still cross your mind everyday.
Letting my raisin bran get soggy.
This is why people get followed back : I'm proud of you homie your doing good things!! I always knew you could. keep it up!!
my thoughts and heart go out to the family of #juniorseau he was a treasure to watch.
Ive moved on from Oberon. Used to be good when it was a craft beer...but they make so much of it now, the recipe is not the same
GREAT answer...LOL
that's not spam.
then that just means cocktails are in order... RT I never gave you my barcelona recommendations :(
I need a good show to watch!
#QOTD: What do #flowers represent to you?
Either Touchdown of Nothin...No Field Goals, No Punts...focused
How amazing would it be to be the "keeper of Scottish history and archaeology"!
that snowy bike looks great
someone really needs to help me with this lab because i can't do it.
Slowww day at work. And we have a meeting after. And I'm hungry.
All i know is that these kids at my school do some wierd 💩
really hope chandler jones goes to the jets.
oh, well thank you! lmao
Great question in #FLdebate: "Why is it okay to court voters in Spanish but not for the government to serve them in Spanish?"
HOW DO I GET TICKETS?! IM GOING EVEN IF I DONT HAVE TICKETS I WILL SIT OUTSIDE AND WAIT FOR YOUR SEXY ASS TO COME OUT
Good lord Andrew Luck is one goofy motherfucker.
Thanks! We support you too!
uh, this chick.
She said she's heading out right around 4. We're here already cheering other runners and waiting for her!
With all the tweeps in Collective Scholarship, the twitter feed can also be a dialogue and backchannel
WORDS 2 LIVE BY!!!
i is very happy(:
if you value your life you better not!
Congrats to Miles Mikolas () on being called to the Majors
qdoba+streetzapizza? How could one go wrong?
Sometime God puts people in your life briefly, just to teach you how to let go...
Sometimes locations aren't worth the effort. Shooting at f2.8 , I could have shot in a messy house
-agree a zillion x'z!!!
that mixtape is nice
An AT&T land line seems to be good for one thing: Generating calls from sales people. If only cell coverage were consistently good.
Orange Leaf with my best friends after Zumba is pretty much perfect!
I'm actually surprised they are the only ones tweeting from the awards. Or at least that I can see...
Grumpily writing the new york times-It'd be a viable campaign for them to put more here-But it would be some sort of superficial situation
You know what makes this Super Tuesday Super so far is hanging with & co
Any suggestions on where to volunteer for Thanksgiving this year?
The Leaves just played there recently!
I've been blessed to have excellent Guidance in my career!
Rob Parker from ESPN: "Tom Brady will NEVER play in a super bowl again." Are we just saying stupid things now? Dogs look like cats.
Rajon Rondo, cameraman clash over post-Game 5 filming (VIDEO)
back at ya!
Happy 13th Anniversary to me :-)
I forgot to mention that this doesn't apply to us.. ;-)
"he's not very evolved. he's rather devolved actually."
I'm a Harry Potter geek. So JK Rowlings.
just found on Omegle :D not sure if it was Nathalie or Christian though. They left before I could ask :P
I'm trying tell the truth but I know the price is my life
just left the o2 manchester! Amazing concert!
To travellers, info from a "Destination Marketing Organization" is a mix of advertising ("mktg") & government propaganda.
Did anyone see the meteor like object in the Southwest sky tonight? Describe..
definitely wasn't me. I was in dreamland.
Happy birthday , party hard! :)
Our hours for April are Thursday - Sunday 10am - 5pm. Starting in May we will be open Tuesday - Sunday 10am-5pm.
cool cool
"Alien Surf Girls" Is Going to be the dumbest thing EVER. the things they put on tv these days... smh.
Think before you burn that bridge. You may need to cross it again someday.
well you certainly don't want to be tweeting that either...quick 2-part ?... if I get wings for the game, u in? and what kind.
what time is your show today and where at #sxsw. I missed yesterdays by like 20mins
you don't know what it was called ... Lol who's your Econ teacher
Kill it! wish I could be there. One of these days, I'll be able to make it to a show...
only do it once or it won't trend they say its spam ):
See you tonight - the countdown is on!
Hope she is taking care of the kids 2?
Sarah, quit checking facebook during the movie.
Involuntary actions. But thank you! RT : You make some awesome faces when you drum.
I got another AP test tomorrow. At least I get out at 12.
Stoked for the opportunity! RT : not even sure I can associate with you until you do!
Like I've been saying, our front line is too vicious
tell me why is telling to shut up when he aint on twitter hahaha
Just got some good news and my day has only just started!!!! =)
RT : If you plan to attend Social Media University & have NOT bought your ticket yet, do it today. Discount ends @ 9pm PST....
Joaby's making juice! Come by if you want to try a glass of his favorite carrot-ginger drink.
Omg Dahling! Been a long day and my feet are killing me!!!!
Hey Tijah, just checking if you still need some artwork...do you?
actually I never use that word.. I just think im cool on twitter cause I use the hash tag ... #yolo yk
Just got done bowling!! Now we just doin Wht pops up next. Lol(;(; <3 you all!!
#LilWayneWackestPunchlines Brand new pussy pussy good as babypowder.. Who eats babypowder
Friday mornings are even better whilst listening to
so you picked 'oh haii wafflez' as a backup? wakcjob
best of luck man, I always thought u were key to asus success. Keep working hard
Pretty b O y swag.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 21
Introducing whisk Reputation. Outsourced, professional Yelp feedback management and more... Are you in?
Am at comp Sci lounge with with - come on by for a great talk!
oh how deep the mothers' love is to their children..kuddos!
I don't have a short temper....I have a quick reaction to bullshit!!!
Thanks for the mention :)
Aww thx for the shout out! We always love hearing about great experiences from our guests. Glad you had an awesome meeting!
I am sad I wasn't able to make your graduation but I love you and I'm proud of you!!!
Had a chance against Carpenter.....things dont look good now
When you come to a fork in the road... take it
Thanks for the birthday wishes! Hope you'll be around HQ to help us #GOTV!
im hungry i want sum fresh baked chocolate chip cookies
I enjoy everything about music. My question is, where does the inspiriation for your songs come from.???
Enjoying the lovely weather in CLE. Sipping iced tea & eating zucchini bread drizzled with honey while watching boats sail by on Lake Erie.
Working on these mixtapes!
One of the most amazing things I've learned this year is to never underestimate the power of #socialmedia - esp in light of Komen debaucle
Additional #followfriday gratitude to
And my neighbor just walked by with a stroller carrying her cats... When is this house going to sell again?
RT: Romney gave McCain 23 years of tax returns... and McCain went with Palin. What did McCain see? Demand to know!
Thanks for all of the "While You Were Out" submissions. We've got a lot of great stories in the stack.
#scms12 jameson: on cognitive mapping VS D+G> rhizome: a map not a tracing: map as performative + generative
PODS allows you to pack your moving container at your leisure. No deadlines. No time pressure. You move when you're ready.
Yum, can I come to breakfast?
Had a good night with elijahhhh<3 :)
Most of the audience is still standing
for the record.. You didn't finish with #GoPackGo !!!
#FF 'Cause her backhanded compliments will knock you back down from Cameron's compliments...
What's with all the Hollywood celebrities at the White House Correspondence Dinner? Is that normal?
Listening to the new Mars Volta album Noctouriquet. For the most part really digging it.
How many actually bodies would you estimate were at the Sports Arena?
I just wanna see u strip right now cause its late *Chris brown voice
“: It started off we were younger your were my...” "best friend" 50 ... Fire ... Smh at anyone who misinterprets my boy here.
great work, luke!
dang the time we can see the brotha work on amc's "the pitch", he gets sick. really...
Friendship is not only doing something for someone, but it is caring for someone, which is what every person needs.
thanks for the retweet!
I've missed watching these videos <3333
Santa barbara is the most beautiful city.
Oh yes, breakfast. I KNOW it's important, but sometimes it's so hard to get around to eating it. I'm glad it made you feel better!
Join us for Ink & Gold tonight with Stankonia Studio's Renegade el Rey with support from the Martian and drinks specials all night long!
Pure quidditch excitement!
We're glad that YOU'RE glad :)
Reading my notes out of context reflect a homophobic racist who thinks midgets are funny and is a bad rapper
Best wishes to you and your new bride!
Well, I've gone 2 miles in 30 minutes. Must be some golf tournament going on today or something. :)
Guys in body suits flashing everyone by price chopper.. Kool lol verizon called the cops
MY LLAMA LIKE YOU
reply to my texts woman!!
me too! i need you to make me believe again
#schoolmemories having to walk on the silver line or getting yelled at
I'll be at the yard tonight. Excited to see Matt Moore pitch in person
tweet like she talk lol
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKEE...AN BAKE AN BAKE AN BAKE AN BAKE!!!
Lets agree to disagree.
People don't care how much you know, until they know how much you care.
good choice! Let us know what you think!
#JohnSingleton Jan 19th's event gave tons of advice to aspiring film makers, "Do your own s@!t." Check out my blog next week for more.
jury duty in july????????? no thanks
NFL probably has better athletes than rugby, but there's a certain crazy factor that rugby dudes seem 2 have that helmet&pads NFL dudes lack
harry told us he is a para legal. really need a tax attorney on this pria said she was not.. please advise. S
Glad to see you made it! Where's ur pic?!
FW:|
RT hilarious right? What was David Klingler not available?? Did you just say that?
playing with Pistol Pete at The Frequency in Madison, WI tonight. Fun times will be had by all.
Happy Hour starts today!! We will see you between 3-5 this afternoon for 1/2 price Frappuccinios.
Global warming? Nah!
Didn't file taxes yet?If your family income is up to $40k u may be eligible for free tax prep #dial211 for locations & appts.
Tell me: what are your plans this week for exercise? What plans do you have for fun?
People use twitter at this school! That's sickk. This new school's getting better and better.
I could bet you guys a million bucks I see a ring on Meg's finger
Dogs were barking before I got through the door...the furry 2 that live with me, and the tired 2 that carry around my body #wittyright?
I know!
I don't know Gary personally, but in my experience he almost always responds to tweets, esp. if you mention the Jets.
i don't really understand what's going on in "game of thrones" but i like it.
Pageant Tips: Don't sound rehearsed- be yourself and speak from the heart!
Guess I just been workin in nursing for soo long, 10 years, I knew exactly who my patient was gonna be today, last night
we have liftoff
Amusingly, is here doing some audiovisual work.
What's your favorite flavor combo?
❣Love❣ possesses not nor would it be possessed; For ❣love❣ is sufficient onto ❣love❣❣. Kahil Gibran
yu have one more year with me broz
Get discounted movie tickets with your California VIP Card! Call today to join 619.226.1121
just about to cover the ^landingofthemothership circa 1977....I was there!! go parliament!
Every dog should be as lucky as you!
this is a #FACT you never hit us up EVER, why do you hate us so much..??
Over by the Kentucky boarder yay!!!!!! I can't wait until Florida
agitpropspace.org the blog is now a forum for listings, essays, reviews etc. check it out!
#CES in the bag. Next up: #NAMM. Love me some trade show
Skinny ties for all at the baby shower.
RT: GREAT Quote: Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
aha i just watched it so...freaking...adorable xD and kendall sayd hell heheee that's a no no n_n its cute when he says it!
GO #FOLLOW MY HANDSOME NEPHEW NOW LADYS NOW.
I know Dan and - hit me up when you get to Minneapolis!
Bored... Somebody get me out of this jail called school!!!
Just finished studying for my last final :)
Yup. Free lunch.
Who's joining us for the 5k this morning?
I hate you just saying :)
Happiness is unlocking your library door in the morning and finding 5 large Baker & Taylor boxes in front of your desk. Better than x-mess.
Today I am officially 23 years old!! I thank God for blessing me w life thru Christ&4 always cherishing me, even at times when I don't
Tuesdays article will mention Cam Newtons big day, is he for real? Will also have insights from every game played this weeked.
Trying to save this Valentine's day? Win our Valentine's package, valued at over $200 for $99! Just tell us a story about love...
I honestly never knew wtf a pansexual was till I googled it. And I was like what the fuck even. And the fact little kids knew what it was,
agree, IMO it will always be tough to get non-west coast powers out here to play. same prob PAC12 teams have to some degree
We as youth media providers need to document our successes & failures, build new knowledge in field says at
PA (): 1 of challenges, MLB players probably rank the lowest as far as most followers. David Wright not even on Twitter
oh and you popped out to the second baseman
talk to you of course
Why is your roof open?! It's December :-)
my love for austin hasnt changed, i just miss ustreams every friday 300k mahomies it was just us and him no one else mattered
Being in the warehouse while everyone's at lunch is boring... Theres nothing to do!
If you have a dream don't follow it, chase it and don't let anyone get in you way.
Me and the bestie are wasted but having a good time I love her besos mamas
The post was actually sent through a syndication network without the permission of , thought that was made clear
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Halley's Comet last appeared in the inner Solar System in 1986 and will next appear in mid-2061.
Few things will drag me out of bed at 3 am. The opportunity to trade Peter Pan quotes with a coworker is one of those things.
The Walking Dead <3
yeah I am now :)
Rough start but finished strong on the delts. The pre-exhaust made a difference. Look forward 2 tomorrow.
haha. It's about to be slump city.. This episode is boring 💤
The wonder of the world is right now!
Trainer was pouring him a handful of them as he was running to teh huddle before he scored 2nd TD
your turn!
#Pinterest. So cute!
Thanks for the hugs and you made yesterday special : )
thanks for the heads up!
‘Incredibly Good News.' Thats what walker said about BLS job numbers in July of 2011.
Prepping for client mtg w/ tomorrow. LOVE working w/smart, creative, women owned businesses!
thanks very much ! Great meeting with you! Tell to stop working you so hard. ;)
oshit royce might be head bitch in charge season 3 let's see
The shit you do makes me wanna hate you but every time we kiss I can't help but fall for you all over again.
I would say that I am an infant...moving close to toddler :)
i didnt mean to me sowwy
why yes! as a matter of fact...
Heading over to parents for Mothers Day even though she has no idea who I am. #Alzheimer'ssucks
You know, you could have just said "True." (sequel to "False," prequel to "Dunno.")
haha! Well then, you are now obligated to do something sweet. :)
peanut butter why is.it called tht is peanut butter made with butter
drawing back and forth arrows is a b****
yes it was :D and where do u live ?:)
Happy Friday-wishing everyone a fabulous day and a fun 4th of July weekend!
Maybe seeing the Avengers today? Who knows, but I'm hopeful.
Thank you! RT : You know what's not that good? Frozen yogurt. So everyone fucking relax. >Loose Stool
When you hit pause during the Blu-Ray of “The Muppets”, it switches to an “intermission” video. I want to stare at the scenes, dammit!
Done with high school unofficially.
i love your hair <3
#socialmedia requires writing, writing requires collaboration, collaboration educates and inspires
We also have a Twitter! If you have one, we encourage you to please follow! :)
RT : Kissing a girl on the cheek(good) kissing girl in the mouth (awesome) Kissing girl in front of her ex (boss)
Happy Mom's Day!
Rick Perry got like 350 votes.
See, the playoffs will necessarily expand so that more schools can brag about making the playoffs! Bowl expansion writ differently.
My mock draft includes a hilarious RG3/C3PO goof.
Kudos to for responding quickly to the meter situation so that can open on time for swim school this coming Mon, April 23.
more please
Ron Dale-British pushed a First Nation settlement west of Ohio in negotiating peace in 1814. America refused, and the British attacked
lmaoooo shut up!!!
Thank you so much Jan!! xoxo
Farted and sneezed at the same time. I had to duck into the bathroom to check and see if I shit myself. Nope.
Your very welcome.. :):)
haha. damn good question
I have no goddamned apologies. Ok a few but ya'know.
leave my man alone!!
So my producer tells me she read an article somewhere that the side swept bangs story is not true. Looking for the source now.
Foreign boys:)
Yes, haven't been here in so long!
wish washy fans
you're awfully quiet today. busy day?
You should probably get your N.O.Y.P.C.
if you've never had pussy juice on your forehead, you dont eat pussy
OMG. I want that cupcake.
Kizer tells commission board that Overeem's T/E was 14:1. Acceptable level is 6:1. Says any substance should have been disclosed. It wasn't.
Greaters ice cream :)
To the new Iconiacz, The ICONic Boyz's sponsor is Nike.
Sometimes I have to resist getting in the middle of a story, warbling all over it & messing it up.
We agree! thanks ! Cheerfulness is the best promoter of #health and is as friendly to the #mind as to the
Never been so good to me, I was blinded but now I see because...
Yeah, be afraid.
- We're all in this together - thanks for your support!
Be courteous have your trash pads cleaned on a regular basis. Think of those located downwind.
Finally got #Toyota #Matrix back from shop! Replaced clock assembly at no addl charge (above orig $450 for misdiag occupant ECU repl).
Yo, are you on youtube?
Not in 140 characters.
Quote of the day: "The best way to be boring is to leave nothing out"
“: #cnndebate #santorum #romney #newt #ronpaul Newt, again, again, has the profound point”
"Somebody Up There Likes Me." Down here, it's another story.
People suffer from the "Complacency" virus...I hope it isn't contagious! #Motivation is always a good cure! jenoloclothing.wordpress.com
haha I saw that previous tweet and thought there's no way in hell he's gunna do that.
If I'm good, I still have about 3 hours of work left. We'll see how much I do.
Dont suck the cunt! Blow the blunt!
dawn this is so true... !
Congrats to elected Secretary/Treasurer of AERA Special Interest Group, Hispanic Research Issues
That I get to do what I love, which is make music ;)
hello mrs bosh
Lowkey, you were 85% of the motivation for the inspiration, but that's not important...
Lori Grayson on the IT Factor: every entrepreneur should the rock star of their biz.
I'm going to buy leftover halloween candy on November 1 and save it for next halloween.
Envy is when someone walks around with a pocket full of "that should've been me."
Miami heat deserve to lose this game all them missed free throws
People with fake tans burn my retinas.
me too! I wish I had a Trader Joe's closer to my house though.
hi Amy upload your photo :-)
cowboys defense looks like shit
but I need to get out of this base asap before I lose my motivation too.
Happy Friday, Tucson! Tearing off clothes already--prepping for high 90's streak upcoming 7days.
To the woman at #Starbucks that asked me to watch her stuff "for a sec"- That does not mean u can disappear for 10 minutes! I don't babysit!
I was on your youtube and looking through your videos and pictures i started crying! you have came so far im so proud of you<3
Who steals a coworker's lunch?!
W A T E R YOU TALKING ABOUT?! O~O
I need a good hug today.
ugh really its 330 and i need to do laundry wtf happened today no
Just finished my last Snark by Snarkwest for this year! Thanks, folks!
it also takes TIME to know if the person really did mean SORRY by NOT DOING IT AGAIN....
Thanks so much! xoxo
Terrifying infographic. OMG. I don't even know where to start.
I am studying and watching TV :)
. Thanks for sharing photos. Great display! Wish I could have been there (so do & , I'm sure!)
Heading over to to give my seminar on "Life after Graduation"
It's a Bear Grylls thing... Apparently my DVR thinks I'm culturally deprived. Or depraved...
Limited edition #1 "Please Pork Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em" tee is sold out! Starting to design limited edition #2 with , it's gonna rule
Looking at the netgalley site I realized they refer to their users as "Professional Readers" I love that!
"Who's got the balls to win?" Got to relive the Landmark Lanes roadblock from the 1st #AmazingMilwaukeeRace last night.
Yayy i love throwing up right before work
Slept just awful ... short (yet long) day at work.
my quote of the nite.."say sumthin or show sumthin"
Scheduling tweets is a great way to automatically publish a large volume of content!
Are you watching the #Grammys tonight?
help me spread the word of missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen saturday on water street. #findtommy. RETWEET!
Marx did believe it to be a long process that could take centuries. Preface on Political Economy explains, somewhat.
Bronchitis sucks...i can't do anything I enjoy doing
you need to get on SNL this weekend and become The Rock Obama!
It's 1:29am and I've just begun to be bad!!
you're on your A game today :D
Music is revolutionizing!
hey can u bring me $5 and i will pay u back tomorrow???
At Ch 5. Great to see so many people participating in the town hall on housing. Eager to build better neighborhoods
Hunger Games in bed then sleep
Understand about deadlines. Hauschka's latest 'Salon Des Amateurs' is pretty great. We're going to see him & Hilary Hahn in May!
An all Love episode of Whip's show today...for some reason. The warm and squishy feeling starts at Noon today.
you can bring us Kentucky bbq.
how is the weather out there? Has it warmed up since we left?
Hitting the grammy parties early starting with brunch party @ 4 seasons..gonna be a long day and night!
BAHHH. the second time you saw it? the first time i saw it was in the third road ;______;
"Revolutions 20:12"...To win Super Bowl, Denver must sacrifice a virgin...
all appears well, but maybe too early to tell ;)
Seis De Mayo is the after party.
I honestly don't care lol ahah
The Miami Eagles agree to terms with free agent OT Ryan Harris. One-year deal.
What determines our eternal destiny is not our IQ but our love.
Face Book is for push marketing and twitter is for pull marketing. Then you use text marketing to make money.
I got them moves like Jagger. Just sayin'.
Judge: Motorola can't bar Microsoft sales in Germany: Microsoft won't be barred from selling products using Google/Motorola Mobility'...
The commenter sounds overly-sensitive to me.
Ok I'm hungry so that means time for me to sleep so I don't eat at this ridiculous time!
but a handsome one
Many thanks for the RT, Adam! I really appreciate how much you support WPS.
Curious goofball wins over serious expert any day
Having a baby shower can give low income families a chance to have a milestone they might have missed. That's a relationship builder
Yahh I see I got some following to do...
hahahah you know you love me, and know i got you in return when you've done some good deed!
Happy Easter! Anything big today? :-)
Music speaks what cannot be expressed, soothes the mind and gives it rest,heals the heart and makes it whole,flows from heaven to the soul.
We all start as artist and then we create our con bring it all together and become one :).
got it. Will check it out today
Leaving closet window open during your neighbor's backyard bbq ensures your clothes absorb the warm, smokey flavor of mesquite for days.
is old navy now selling priuses? these new commercials are confusing
hahahaha she is being the more responsible student of us three . You go glen coco 👊
WHAT?! you dont go to west a anymore?! and thanks jeff :) i mean i had an okay day!
Thank you RT :
Horror movie weekend! The Woman in Black and The Innkeepers both open. Have to catch em later, I'll be busy shooting the horror of Mind Rip.
“: Great meeting today with They do amazing work that is very much needed.” thank you so much, Kelli!
I knew he would two springs ago... So much potential.
Great blog. You guys are rock stars. Keep it coming.
The storm tonight in #Fallbrook will put us over 10 inches for the season. 6 inches below our average.
Anyone bout that anytime fitness lutcher life later?
Uh oh spaghetti oh
NYC: demos every Saturday in December! Join us Dec. 17 from 1-3 pm at the hack line (Central Park South @ Fifth Ave (nw corner). Be there!
worst 2k player ever
awesome! I didn't see you in the room, now I do!
#FF i miss u too baby and not having fun
For a $2000 tv it still breaks pretty easy when I throw it off a roof. Where's the shatter proofing?
Avnet Electronics Marketing Kicks Off North American X-fest 2012 Technical ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there. ~ Richard Feynman
don't forget I bring my pants
Also cat in the hat, green eggs & ham.... etc. can't remember them all!
Best online personality goes to 's Well deserved.
yes sir you still are the #LVP but a damn good looking one
Good morning everyone : )
This has been the best TEAM game for the Desert Dogs
lol Hafza is a hoejabi in your story =p
It is such an incredibly gorgeous day! The loveliest of lovely days! Enjoying the fleeting sunshine with the people I love :)
Hey JMV What do you think #IUBB needs to do to get back in the #BIGTEN hunt, after loosing to #Wisconsin tonight?
