Total envy of you guys in Ohio. Home with sick kid today.
OH on Metro platform, man to small child: "Look at all these people running. That's why daddy moved away from the East Coast." Fair point.
noo keep going. I'm feeling special to a certain extent 😉
Well in that movie, Hulk or Thor, but personally I like Captain America and Hawk-eye!
The word of the day is "Legs". Let's go back to my place and spread the word..
where is maddie, i want to hit on her <==3 ya know
That's great! Summerfest starts at the end of next month already! Let me know when you're here :)
. Thanks for your support, Kimberly!
U will meet two kinds of people in life: Ones who build u up and ones who tear u down. But in the end, you'll thank them both.
It's been cool for a long time. As a young AD back in '88 I got my brother Keith to letterpress print my wedding invitations.
This. RT : And the wild Things cried, "Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so."
We going to the top, if you coming, come on...
yea it's somewhere on the todo list. Just still out of sight for now. I don't have the time... (cont)
Background reports range from verification of an app's Soc Security # to detailed acct of the potential employee's history & acquaintances
I was wearing my shirt with a half naked girl on it and I walked by the assistant principal and he didn't say anything :)
Baby blue eyes, your head on my shoulder.
currently hosts HGTV Design Star... My fave show ever xoxo. You looked gorge at "Giving Is Glamorous Event"
don't like this Sarah Allen person. I used to be your distraction.
Flight to NY supposed to leave :30. Now the captain *hopes that we'll board Long as I get to JFK by dinner time!
Thanks so much! Let us know your favorite food...
done watching the penguins, can't stand hearing how amazing Crosby is every 2 seconds!
“: No buying follower biness” <----- this
and pin the tail on the donkeys butt
How am I not supposed to check this show out! Real life 'Coming to America'? Yes please.
it's okay. Who needs mornings?
Aww, that's so sweet of your client!
#MedecoNexgenXT convenient access programming w/no wiring or power supply necessary and no risk of unauthorized mechanical key duplication
um.. inform me on this whole ordeal. Haha
this summer is gonna be one for the books. I can just feel it.
#Mydreamfor2012 to stay with my boyfriend <3
My mom legit just encouraged me to go to the Intl Lolita Day meetup next month...what.
Did you know we updated our calculator call with even more options!? Check out our PHP Library on github
My 14 hour hotel room hiatus is almost complete - Can I do this every week?
"my wife who deserves the nobel peace prize for coming to my rescue everyday" I swear old people say some meaningful shit..
Let us know if any questions come up we can help with!
I need a sweater
My r.o.d should stay with his girl <3
Late night Meijers run, just got home. Reminds me of my high school days! #blastfromthepast #meijersmakesannarborgoround ( )
RT : APS Superintendent addressing how clusters were group for the redistricting plan.
u want some music to dance i got something hot
new followers:))
will be vending at East Bay Church of Religous Science Sunday from 10am-2pm
One who Is Filled with Love Is in Heaven
3LETTER WRD THAT STARTS WITH B=BITCH BUM & BASTERD
Rodas: on autism & video games--thesis that gaming architecture is autistic in form. #DH & (Dis)abilities Studies come together.
Love Rick Ross
"Go forth and set the world on fire." -St. Ignatius Loyola
I hate the nerds that cover up their answers.. Like come on, let's work together bro.
its hard 2 get him 2 notice u but sometimes he doesThese are his friends ifu ask em theyll prob follow u
Shoulder is hurting really bad tonight:(
Thank you, Mr. Rich is a constituent of SMD 5C03.
Keaton nobody wants to text you . Get off my news feed (: jkjk
Happy May Day, tweeters
Ugh I'm so freakin tired. Meetings all day and now at the studio. Time for a Cojones energy shot and back to work
RT Lion fans supporting Suh, when Calvin Johnson's career is cut short due to a frustrated CB, look for sympathy elsewhere.
BUT I STILL WOKE YOU UP! So there should be no problem:p
I love when my family puts my dogs on video chat :)
Jets have no idea how fans will revolt once season starts & Sanchez starts throwing INTs
GOT TWINS TWINS TWINS EXPERIENCE? Call me! 610-999-9106 Lynn
My Twitter client (Brizzly) is closing. Anyone really like a different Twitter client? I need to manage 2 accounts & like embedded images.
who wants to play words with friends? *cough* *cough*
Going to #expowest? Save time & see 100+ natural and specialty brands in one place -- the Buyer's Best Friend booth, Booth #3988 in Hall D
Promo tonight!!
Hungry and it looks like top ramen it is. 😔
Singing leaves me energized :-D Maybe I've found a remedy for my #notamorningperson problem...MORNING JAM SESSIONS! Naaaa!
lol i know that's right!
Sorry. Thought you were asking for the link. How are you feeling? RT : I already go tit.
Milestones are very difficult
My history teacher only knows half of the spanish alphabet :O
Sorry 2 hear. Prayers going out! Pray for our troops in Afghanistan, my good friend is in stable condition after a bombing attack
can you message me the name of the panel? Thank you for the feedback
Needed to do some job work first. Gonna finish it soon, grab lunch, then back to revisions.
you don't need josh hamilton to be remembered. still a hero out here in LA!
Untouchable by is the most amazing song in the world, can't stop listening to it!
Cant wait til i can smoke .
dont let your pride get in the way of your life...!!
I�m as pissed off as a midget with a yo-yo
call for artist still up on the blog. and I will be uploading the show poster soon so y'all know the dates and times for this neato exhibit
That's okay mom. I see what we on!
bout time!
these nigga is getting emotional over a computer games... i see there not serious about life
hey meg I'm gonna make you a model for indieKrush!! And Dev!
I know, lol
hope you feel better !
Against all oddz
to be honest i have never watched porn in my life. As for the horror movies i think its more the books i read...
Done!! I love meeting and learning about new people on Twitter.
Sonic, there are four people here. There is no reason for this 14 minute wait for a drink.
It's late and I'm tired but #staying #awake 😣
Jon Bond on social media w
I just might punch people on facebook who are using the numbers game
would love to see transparency around where the funding is allocated in MKE
Turn up the lights in here baby
If you aren't giving it your all then why at all..
Haha it's the best thing ever!
RT Keynote speaker, Andreessen, notes SEA org, , for their work on transparent & strategic giving
It's OFFICIAL. Gettinq a TABLET on MONDAY! WOOP WOOP!. Lol xP
#Quote2SpinBy "When you function at your full potential, you will always be blissful." ~ RT
I can't wait to see you again! Had such an amazing week at #elpaseofashionweek Let's talk soon!!
ugh what is with breaking the ability to backtrack through conversations? worked fine last version, doods
is the sexiest bitch I've seen all night ;)
nice to connect with ya -- happy holidays!
I guess now you're only supposed to use 1 since we don't have typesetting equip anymore, but most of us are trained for 2.
love how left me for camry lol
Tonight we choose: Crosskeys Tavern, Chillicothe OH
This #hackoff is on par with bad open mic comedy or a good Silverlake comedy
Thanks so much - we're excited, too. I think I am actually going - which means some live tweets will happen, too.
siesta / broken by drumfire
Google remainders its independent e-book resales: Google reps assert that the reseller program hasn't met the needs of readers or boo...
hahahaha thanks for the backhanded compliment ;)
Hope the #patriots do something for Seau this year, every player needs #55 on their uniform somewhere
done with le school.....omg this feels so weird
Whether you know it or not, people are searching for you! If they don't find you, they WILL find your competition! Embrace
Other hopes for today's MD Leg. special session: progressive revenue pkg, incl $247M in income taxes & $7M in corp. taxes. Fingers crossed.
it absolutely was :( smh
Frat bro next to me forgot calc for exam in 20 min. Called one of his pledges to immediately run over to the chem building with a calc.
I miss you! When are you coming back to us???
So yeah. Thanks for taking 75 minutes to deliver our sandwiches. Freaky fast delivery? Not so much.
WASH YOUR HANDS AFTER YOU PISS YOU DIRTY WHORE. UGH
Sweet dreams everyone
is playing with Joomla.
omg melissa, you are maybe 4 pounds overweight! you made me laugh.
Well now that the Bears have officially depressed me I am going to drink my sorrows away during the 2nd half.
Your PIN number? So, its your Personal Identification Number Number?
welcome to twitter!!! 😃
Thanks to , I always spray perfume on the back of my neck.
Dad: Angie if you ever put me in a nursing home, I will come back after I die, hunt you down and piss all over your rug.
Doc Brown? He could've used a flux capacitor. On the plus side, he spoke perfect Klingon!
you sure we weren't married to the same asshole?
Whoops I forgot to write in #TCeatdrinktweet Today may work after 7:30- but might be ?
Did my mom just say death carb for cutie or......?
I ain't here for a long time, but I'm here for a good time.
off da chain do it then
Dance party on the exercise bike :D I am titanium woooooop!!
i told my friends today "i love Austin Mahone" my friends were like "Who's he?" i go "My boyfriend..."
Is there video?
. did you give the bishop his wig back?
The things i tweet to are strange. i'm glad he doesn't EVER SEE IT.
yea, lol. But it's nice, right?
It is a beautiful London morning, in Houston.
Rewatched TGE, hashtag popped in my head: #recastwithglennkenny. Though of Gen. Buck from STRANGELOVE and Hank from TOUCH OF EVIL.
This place about to BLOWW :O
Rollarena friday! follow me on twitter!
Love quoting movies? And you're not following us yet?!? We can fix it - here, click on & follow!
hopefully they eated not turkey! ;)
RT RT : Keep the #DC Food Trucks alive! Pls go to www.yesontitle24.com help them out!
I really want black chucks.
OK I am following you now :)
No fair!
Pimpn' a 2004 X-2 out that leaves to Canada this week!!
Believing In Yourself Is The First Secret To Success
before and after work? :)))
Just overheard "political dissidence" "crucifying myself" and "her grandma's drunken cat" used in the same conversation.
That is brutal. My heart hurts.
Back from NOHO in LA. Shot a shopping center and watched the talent go audition across the street at The Federal.
RT : STOP BEING SO DAMN WEIRD YOU FREAK! // WHAT SHE SAID!
Da Mayor should be moved higher, he's better than Hulk.
I know!! :( next time hopefully
Thank you! Glad you enjoyed it! Beautiful photo.
So the real question now is, when are we celebrating my brother
Today is not my day!
"The twitterverse wouldn't be the same without you! #FF " - <- you either!
At Charlotte int'l airport - halfway to Austin and
Gator is great. When you're hot, you're hot!
Imagine if Val Kilmer was your uncle.
With that being said: S/O to LA LA's Full Court😉💋
missed you too! Work overload. Trying to balance xo
You've earned it sister! RT : Life has officially changed when 8 am is sleeping in.
“: lmao bye anna” Where are you going?
I'm a reporter w/, I saw ur tweet about ur bro-in-law being a Rangers fan, can I talk w/u for a story? Let me know!
But really there is just a lot of awful writing on the internet. Most of it is from people trying to be funny.
For those with short attention spans... "Eat'em Up Mike Pt. 2" otw soon...
Just reaLized how much i miss riding, can't wait til the weather stops being Bipolar.
Mr. President - Isn't there a certain amount of responsibility a person has to manage their own finances?
smh I'm gonna make a trip to Winston & whoop that ass!!!!
Feel very honored to be here. RT With listening to the spiritual teachings of NYC :)
I used to say PR (Miami-style) was silly work beneath the dignity of serious people. Now? PR bigger driver of economy than ads.
This truck of white ppl just passed me listening to da funk lol. Silly. They were jammin to.
Shepherdstown, Harpers Ferry. Delegate Doyle's district.
What century does Gingrich think this is? #fldebate English-only is not a key to stirring the melting pot.
getting something simple he hasn't texted me back but I'm sure it will work
American music awards ON ...
#IWouldDoAnythingFor to follow me...
Schindler's List. Her choice, not mine. First date = last date.
Poor Cas, never gets hugged!
What are the chances!!?? HA!!! I was in 13...u? Final destination?
What's good everybody, I know I'm a lil late, but congrats to the PACKERS.
Something real crazy is about to happen right now.
Remember when everyone thought Big & Rich where crazy!?!?
great Sonny and Cher reference
knew you'd forget. legit called that.
Oh! Maybe he was and... I'm just konfuzed. :P
honestly, just extend the Miller Park sales tax. Not many notice the $11 or so they pay each year.
I think I finally have this figured out. I will sleep well tonight. Opposite of last night.
they've been doing to OWS people as well. DHS is getting their hands dirty as well. DHS is also starting to go after pirates.
I read the whole series. Months and months ago:)
and you will like seeing dick valentine perform his own stunts.
I’m not alone being followed someone always watching what we do
Bruins with the win!
RIP Junior Seau
Less than 2 hours to see if TV/Film actors will have 1 union.
Feel free to DM us any questions. ^staff
I COMMAND #BatMagic RIGHT NOW!!! *Moses Voice*
#SilentAuction: A professor once urged students to march to city hall, noting that town leadership was no match to our "loudership." So true
It's not enough to be busy, so are the ants. The question is, what are we busy about? -Henry David Thoreau
What does the saying "If you were a snake, you would have bit me" mean?
there good i guess, could be better tho... looking for a car.
oh hell yea for sure bro
she sucks haha Im ttryin to get her back to 99 followers..
Today I wanna say how much I love Tina Fey! =p
The video that took of me dancing last night >>>
watching angel right now! Loving it<3
be sure to check out maynard's film blood into wine, “: Spending the next hr with Maynard James Keenan & Jason Priestley....”
Do Mike&Mike even listen to his replies? How about a follow up question: "hey what about Kentucky?"
Mom prom Saturday
thank YOU for wrapping such beautiful packages for me! i knew as soon as i saw them!
If your hair salon is called Crazy Scissors, I might not trust what my hair will look like after the cut. -Me, looking at the salon nearby
yeah no response to that text is there
lost 6 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 19 pounds so far.
Looking forward to the grand opening of the new studio on March 7th. Hope to see you at 1400 Aliceanna Street for a great party!
Thanks for the follow! Did you see the article we posted yesterday on the benefits of #chiro #care for #children?
#weirdfactsaboutme ; when im on twitter or Facebook & i see a gorgeous ass girl , i would admit it or let her know then save the picture lol
OMG I got smooched by Octavio Dotel last night. I might be enamored.
That's all you mr!!
in 5 months I am going to be Great my granddtg having baby then
Holy shit went so hard. Best night of my life, hands down.
broccoli is awesome, never farty! you're doing it wrong.
Not speaking for CAO but this IS Charter issue.My opinion is electeds shouldn't have DB plan.
I want some Taco Bell...
Just woke up from a 12 hour sleep. Today, will be a good day.
sure does. see you her I hope.
stalkers come in all shapes and sizes... but they all are scary just the same.... stay away!!
I hate when people throw subliminal shots! Keep it 100 and talk that talk.
all is quite well :) I'm truly #blessed beyond measure.
HA RT: Rafael Nadal and I had a love child. And he's now looking for love on ABC. We both wish him the best.
Let everything that has breath praise the Lord. -Psalm 150:6
New blog post : 8 Dieting Tips for A Smaller Waistline
I would have loved to see your family do something, a tribute to MJ!
spring break was the #illest<3.
“Beware of the wolves in the sheep’s clothing,!!!
I'm totally loving this season!!
Too bad they don't just check themselves :/
So SKC could be playing the KC Athletics in the Open Cup May 29, if Athletics beat Orlando City
. Love this! Greenlight's my favorite bookstore.
I never want to die.
Pass payroll tax cut without delay! Lets get it done President Obama
Stand-By Alert !! Dark Comedy Shorts -- Sunday
Caregiver burnout is a state of physical, emotional, and mental exhaustion that may be accompanied by a change in attitude.
Living in inspired action. Only act upon what feels like a YES to me, not what feels like a "should" or a "have to". And it feels GOOD.
Moving on to big and better thingggsssss (:
No, Jim would want them to rotate to be vertical. Otherwise, it might be a nice machine once an O/S is installed.
Catching up on some light reading...
Its a great day to play guitar in the park! Too bad I gotta work all day.
SHH! That's one of Church Hill's best-kept secrets & editor loves it. RT : Alamo on Jefferson Ave is DELICIOSO!
Seems like a good excuse to me. Congrats on the masters!
Not sure if I'd rather come to Econ class or shoot myself in the face.
Just ate in Currant and the special Cinco de Mayo items are excellent! the Tacos al Pastor are amazing..just enough pineapple to sweeten
A google search for "every time" "kills a kitten" suggests a single dominant correlation.
We look forward to seeing you all this evening in CE268 for our general body meeting at 5pm
I never said Facebook wasn't, but there's big difference there - on fb, you CHOOSE to share. Google is stealing and lying.
Its true! RT : looks like a snow globe that went insane outside
just got done hanging with my mom, dad and Work tomorrow. Blog on customer service coming soon. Top 10 rules for the consumer
Went for a run that turned into a brisk walk at one point.
Why is it cold outside
Grown men decorated graduation hats. Are you kidding me?
Happy Birthday!
Looking for a new place in 2011 check us out 858.279.7410
Then suddenly, steadily, into sight, somewhere, you—.
i sowwie squishy
So much for having a good night.
Thanks man- have a good weekend
Someone tweet me(:
Taking Dorothy Allison to her first karaoke bar ever!
Perfect for Diapers, Dogs & Daddies.
It was fine for anyone in the stands but it was seriously the scariest thing I've ever seen.
#Justinto12k lets trend it !!!! (:
Thanks for including us! I would be happy to send you a better logo if you'd like :)
gym makeups tomorrow....
Nobodys faithful or loyal these days & it's a shame. But if you do find someone with those traits, don't ever let them go. Its hard to find.
And you know we want those empties! Have a great weekend!
Gotta get up early for my championship game tomorrow, but watching this Nuggets-Lakers game is so tempting.
Just got the iPhone 4S so I think I'll be tweeting a lot more...
hurry up and see the McQueen exhibit at the Met before it ends in August!
Well, Mad Men is over, guess I'll go on Netflix & remind myself there's nothing on.
lol the SD game turned cold for me obv.. the original expression still stands unfortunately :P
quitting coffee on the advice of my doctor. brutal headache not even chocolate can fix.Maybe I should get a new doctor!
Good to know that disfunction in families doesn't discriminate. #shahsofsunset Poor
Having coffee at Motore in Seattle w/ They are playing a big band, jazzy Putting on the Ritz. Nice. Come get coffee.
My mentions are dry af -__-
I thought the dorito loco taco was the game changer of the year.. Until I saw
Motorcycle enthusiasts, check out www.motorcycletiresandparts.com! You know you want to!
But hes a, dare i say it, vampire. They were probably the ones that hit me. I'll call a werewolf doctor instead, like BooBoo! Haha!
did you just finish the book(s) ??
Having no car is a pain in the ass!!!!!!!!!!!! You get stranded in spots where you wish you weren't!
it was my pleasure. Great read and excellent contribution on your behalf!
just cuz they arent selling out doesnt mean DC fans dont think the Nats or United arent the best team in the league...
you arent getting any v if you are taking pics of your d!
At the barbershop gettin faded..
Thanks! Good to know. I will check them out. Already a Burro fan
E-bar Sat. night. Opening set by DJ Aviator. I'm on the decks @ midnight. I wanna cordially invite u to the pants party!
Shooting the breeze w/ mentor. Always fun and always learn a lot
Book Exhibit all set up!! We open at 8am. Come and see all the great titles! 4th floor.
That moment when he calls you adorable<3
$1000 WEBSITE SPECIAL for first 20 people! Call (404)216-7101 for details. Happy Memorial Day!
War on Bullies is kinda reminiscent of a war on Terror. Just seems like throwing a party for FOREVER.
Ive heard its not true Imax and only a fraction of the size similar to how the Garden Walk theater was but I am not 100% sure
fine ass u r!!!! and i loving that throwback chi jersey
The first of March is no time to wilt. It's more like time mash the gas pedal to the floor with a heavy foot of gratitude.
I love you more with every breath--truly, madly, deeply.
R u 4real ur dating him i thought in a interview he seyd he was single?
Hm... Then I say spend it home shopping online, or get a sitter and book a spa day! I plan my own bday & am rarely disappointed!
ciao bella! I know, we should have met up :(. I'm looking to return in march, a little senior week action is in order!
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police
yayyy im not the only one!! :D
.... im not sure what happened but im slightly sure it wasnt abandonment.. just saying
Chiiiiiiiiiiddy Bang and they pretty much amazin' coming to #PXYSJ "Mind Your Manners" is
I could tell that you been crying all night drinking all summer praying for your happiness hope that you recover...
I feel like I'm moving in slow motion today.
hell yea; i use to have that shit on my myspace page playing. Lol
Exhaustion is setting in after a morning of advocating for #intled but #nafsaAD was an amazing experience (again!). Thanks
...what the fuck did selena gomez do to her hair
ah, the Tuna Poke Tacos! Unique and yummy!
AFT Town Hall to discuss a People's budget for Maryand and scheduled for tonight has been postponed
Earth rights is part of Ecuador's constitution
RT : The wndr team went to #DiPasquales in #Highlandtown at lunch today! Now we enjoy the tiramisu cake pops!
Really wonderful to meet you. And thanks for that waves piece in particular, I'll use it in class
I get to have the #kids for a very rare WHOLE weekend because it's #mothersday. This is a treat!
Follow you heart not yo brain stupid cuz yo heart is smarter
#personhood #virginia #vasenate Virginia is for Lovers of Guns and Haters of Women
Why am I eating so much?! #JustCuzYourSickDoesntMeanYouCanEat #StopBeingADamnFatAss #Your gross
My allergies are fucking killing me,
Challenge accepted boys! Let's get 5000 in Corbett and show those lobos what real soccer supporters are!
Thinking about going back to sleep *yawn*. Want to play tennis w friends later hopefully before it starts raining.
A certain used to squash the beef on a regular basis. Do more of that! More virtual hugs!
......what did PT stand for?? I totally missed it
I think we should have a snow day tomorrow.
Painted w Marniggle n Meghan at da mall! Pullin a all-nighter for brit lit. Red bull where are you?!
Thanks! My chair has never tasted this good before.
Riding a horse!
Our new 7''/EP "Things Are Really Weird Right Now" comes out tomorrow! Go pick it up at www.topshelfrecords.bigcartel.com RT RT
You still care about me.. oh well IDGAf.. no fucks given.
Filming tonight! Well... more like helping a friend but still... Film.
shut up it's not foreskin Friday & this isn't the Howard Stern show!
WOW. Apple could buy every MLB, NFL, NHL and NBA franchise and still have $25 billion in cash leftover. That puts it in perspective..
every 6mos I go through personal email and unsub en masse. Some folks don't understand what email overload is apparently!
Don’t have any New Years Eve plans yet? Beckett’s will be featuring a special menu and live music! Raise a pint with us to welcome 2012!
Scam text messages hitting phones offering 'free iPhone5 betas' ... beware and be smart.
Hi Kelley. Story about Space Needle pens airs on our World's Fair special this Wednesday. 7pm, K-5. Thanks for the story tip!
You're not ugly, he's just plain out fucking stupid. -_-
I figure if we miss it this year, it'll be back next year-right?! It's Minnesota for goodness sake! :)
< that is such an unfortunate twitter name
Correction, the Mosher Fire is Box 8-6 not 36-3. Sorry for the error.
dang im frustrated! lol
don't lie to yourself lol
It's nice to have great back-up singers.
i suddenly give no fucks, people are annoying. or rude, and they are boring.
Hey hope u have a great weekend
Lmfao i feel bad that nick cant find his earring but the way he tweeted that just made me laugh lol
have a wonderfull day today
let me get you a list:))
All i want for christmas is the charges dropped Lol!
You know I got dem racks
Ah democracy! MT “: Overheard: "I fucking hate voters. They are all morons and liars. I am not talking to another voter, ever."”
Tango looks very cool! I'll have to experiment to see if it will work with an iPod Touch. Great suggestion...thanks!
I'm bringing the portable lab tomorrow just in case u wanna chop a sample or 2. LOL
By chpt 20, already have a renewed confidence to not be a wallflower. Ready to build relationships w/ colleagues far-n-wide.
": Check out new website. You might recognize some photos on there. Website done by "
The unconscious wants truth. It ceases to speak to those who want something else than truth. ~Adrienne Rich~
I want a man with Snapbacks & Tattoos & Blunts (;
don't blame us
i do tht all the time to my brothers and there older than me lol but i have to be careful cuz they run into treez lol
's first Asia After Dark this year is themed: Afro-Asiatic Mash-up.
Ameri CAN Garden. Couldn't resist. :). Love the positive!
Can I get a shout out for people who like making money today? ;) Great day!
Some things in life you don't rush. A 20 oz Killian's at Coney Island is one of them.
First round of disc golf in for the season, +3 @ Tendick. Still a good amount of snow up there.
Can't wait for first trip to today!
Outstanding! Not exactly sure what we need. Christina will fill ya in. I'm just the messenger & do the websites here at
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people repeatedly ask what's wrong and I'm just relaxed. I would probably talk about it if something was wrong. Lol
Love Yoga!
What one doesn’t understand, one doesn’t possess. ~Goethe
how do you find out what flicks are added to netflix?
are you serious i hate wen ppl tell me to call dem but dont pick up nd i hate wen u pray to god they pick up cuz u really want to tlk to em
back from
what , I didnt give her anything ..
and the Jaguars take...Michael Floyd. they need a big-time WR more than a pass-rusher. Blaine Gabbert needs a real weapon, folks...
Don't send Taz after me...
#FF There's no one like our amazing partners!
I don't think fantasy football is for true fans and I take no responsibility for picking the draft order this year.
lol what'd you say?
. knows how to pack a hookah.
Not hatin on your other tracks but "AMOROUS" is that deal! - She was way to fly for me, so I tried to grow wings...
Darvish, Hamilton take down L.A.
if i say "i'm busy i'll text you later", don't text me an hour later asking what i'm up to.
I LOVE my new display pic ♥
I wish! I'm going to be going to every class, study session, and test prep there is for my final! :P
you right
Malcolm Floyd for a 19-yd pickup for a first to silence the crowd.
thats great! I am to.
RT Writing a children's chapter book with my daughter Sammy, who wants me to say that she's brilliant beyond belief
hope the dumbass keeps think in that. Smh.
CJ is the best! Makes the best fitting suits & was the very first to add style/bling to suits in the biz!
I will marry Jeremy Renner someday. <3
Rory MacDonald is the TRUTH!!!
this is the first im hearing of anything
Aw, a crush on me? I accept!
"... a flawless beer that opens with bright, perky high notes of maltiness and orange blossom and segues into a delectable hoppiness.”...
www.kociradio.com Paul Rodgers interview followed by "I Just Want to Make Love to You" by Paul Rodgers (Bad Company, Free, Firm, Queen)
Because of and the money they raise for cancer research, my Aunt Karen is able to celebrate her 50th BDay today!
yeah sometimes..:-)
Back to trying to fax these papers
After all is said and done, a lot more is said than done.
Says the guy who said it was sugar
RT if y'all are #TattedUp like me
thanks! It was a really great meeting, and we're very excited to work on several fronts with you guys.
Don't go CHRISTMAS shopping until you watch this YouTube
having a margarita waiting on ya'll!!
Sitting on a stool.
Gracias! Good vibes, energy. Thx for coming out/supporting!
Woot,we won second place in the first aid meet.I wouldeve been happy if there were more then 2 troops...
I'm a little confused because I had the impression that Curt Schilling's company was really successful.
DONT TRUST SHIT EVEN THE DEVIL WAS A ANGEL
RT OMGG THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING ME<3 you're welcome love. Thank you for being a fan<3
"Scabbie's teeth???"
Arthritis affects over 50 million people nationwide. That's 1 in 5 Americans. Have you or a family member/friend been affected?
The Red River Women's Clinic is the only abortion clinic in North Dakota. 70% of their patients travel over 2 hours to arrive there.
When you're 1st place in Mario Kart, then something suddenly hits you & BAM! 8th place... -___-
Really Loving Our Draft Picks! I am so excited about our offensive line for the first time in a long time! Love My Black & Gold!
Lol thanks but its shorts n a shirt actually.
i was tryting to add it up last night.
It felt good to sing that song via Twitter since I can't sing it out loud 😜
The Head Honcho...
I was out, send me a text..I'm writing a chapter. : how about u answer ur phone missy"
so today this girl called me fat but i learned from u that #Beauty not only counts from the outside but the inside too thanks :)
couldn't agree more, it's painful to watch.
I'd like to be entered into the drawing!
Man, they're on a roll this morning! The Axe body spray jokes are making me LOL at work! :)
2011 Youth Competitive Basketball League Registration opened today! Hard to believe were already gearing up for another season.
So I freakin jumped and my tallness hit a globe to my light. It totally smashed over my head. Now I have to find a new one. >:-(
“ #bibliobash is in less than 2 hours! See you there? Grain Belt Bottling House, NE MPLS 7-11pm.”
I love
best way to enforce is to do what you are trying to prevent.
#WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community! Great to connect!
Today in Literary History: Mark Twain's "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" was published in 1885.
Thanks! RT : Hey! glad I found u guys. Good job at the WSA show in Vegas & congrats on the new woman's high heel edition!
tha k you:)
I'm just chasing a dream...
I cant say for sure but we plan on it by the end of summer....will we see you?
so far I am really loving this episode. Both groups are hardcore difficult, yet poop free. Love the accents in the angry rants
i absolutely loved #warrior...amazing fighting scenes with a plot that blows your mind!
Eat some tissue rt ": Im crying inside.."
☼ To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart. Thomas Watson, Sr.
I just seen this :( sorry!
An acquaintance was looking at it and I said, "That's a terrific book." Easy sale.
My mom just told me I should be a shrink. I guess I give pretty good advice 😊
Quimbys tonight to help Skippy celebrate his anniversary. See ya there.
APUSH is over!!!
lets make it happen
"it's something special to wake up and love what you do" & "stay in school" :)
Q: Why are conductors' hearts popular for transplants?A: They've had little use.
I suddenly don't feel good..):
If Richard Sears wasn't already dust, he might be turning over in his grave due to a lab coat name on his company website.
Aced the fuckk outta that test. #GotThisShitOnLock (;
5 random items on my desk: Autographed Ryan Adams polaroid, banana peel, 1/2 bottle of Don Julio tequila, a dictionary, and a pink pony!
decastro would be a miracle. 2nd coming of Al Faneca.
The 46th Superbowl shall be named "Rex Ryan's Nightmare Bowl" has to kiss either Belichick or Coughlin! Ha!
Shaff, David Wallace died yesterday, he also did a parody music video of you making fun of suing us in court..links to follow
With Cong. Keith Ellison just back from Tea Party theatrics at the State Capitol...exposing their underhanded voting suppression tactics
Student in TX charter school said: this school saved my life, without it I would be dead..thats the power of charter schools
brushing my teeefers then, going to lay in bed!
Come down to Tommy Rockers on Dean Martin Drive. We need your votes at 3pm for the cheesesteak throwdown!! Come have a blast.
#RAndOm ThougHt?...if you a JAYer why lie & say you not just yell it out loud & proud
Have any of you heard any good music lately? I'd love to add some new ones to my playlist!
Out with a friend who just sold his D.C. based startup. Done with dinner. Any ideas for a high roller downtown?
Happy Birthday Jon !!!!! You have always been a Blessing to this World...You are also a Very Classy Rocker !!! Happy Hugs xoxox
Tonight, Monday, April 30th! Meet me in the city at the Boocoo Monthly Blues Jam! , 1823 Church St., Evanston, IL 7:30pm!
I'll make an album that a put a smile on Malcom. -Kendrick
hello sir how are you doing?
new teen mom :)
Drinking a cold Bud Light Lime to get my day started!!
Pronouns personality and love life. I love
Mykkele Thompson returns the kick off for a touchdown.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Iota Sigma chapter at on April 23, 1994! Happy Founders Day !
pigeon alert pigeon alert ... circumstantial evidence EP coming soon
There is nothing like watching musicals like Grease to cure a cold. :)
Do you realise that your face has nearly perfect symmetry? Simple gorgeous :)
Staying at the Nathan Hale Inn again. Hope they #getitright this time
I am Drunk™. I'm gong to pick my friend up at the train station then get more Drunk™ at a mexi restaurant
I bet you're ready for episode two! We are too. Don't worry, it'll be online in one week. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Tons of options for festivals this summer...I suggest Hwy 32 (incl. Summerfest & Taste of WI) & Hwy 42 up into Door County!
#FF <3 to GO & FOLLOW IF YOU LIVE IN CALI!
Cheers to the freakin weekend.
WHAT IS "LIZ'S PLACE?" WHERE IS THE PRESIDENT? WHY IS EVERYONE TALKING ABOUT FEMALE EMPOWERMENT AND THE NUT CRACKER?????
okay, cus i'm leaving the 20th of june till the 6th of july
I just solved a rubiks cube that I started during lunch today!
|#quotes I think we're having fun. I think our customers really like our products. And we're always trying to do better.
What would the world be without Mother's Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's out there
I'm broke that was how am I gonna get this chick a gift?? Lol
Chase scene. No running shoes were harmed in writing of this novel.
I did. I'm still just *flail* about how it's Falcao and Roberto, again, that fuck up another favorite team of mine
show you what sweetheart?
Let's Go #Wisconsin sports!! #Badgers and #Marquette tonight!!! So stoked. Fun starts at Both Brass Monkeys at 6pm!!
we follow them because it's funny how fake they are............lol
Busy girl! RT : Just came up & it's next week & have full load. #remodeling 3 bathrooms beginning.
That dance was really good!!!
Curious to hear your take on Tom Goldsmith's article. Is the increasing number of transactions due to fewer restrictions?...
It is good to burn incense and read aloud to the snowflakes.
#CNN watching super Tuesday results. Gingrich won Georgia
MONSTER GOES RAWR!!
yall should see what negro is wearing while he gives me a history lesson
Yeah! Drool!
bhahahahhahaha, who the hell did I miss that?!
such a great show. said you might stop by tomorrow. We'll make a special sandwich for you!
Its the boys If i had my iphone i would throw the siren up
Nothing I'm Fine ! Listening To Non-Stop .
Good Night soft dreams be well as you slumber to awaken in the golden dawn
Talk to Rickey Live on Skype add me armrickey07 The Man Behind The Shades www.rickeyleewatson.com
Its the weekend again and we got them body rockin beats, so get down to #belltown and dance all night long!!
fans come join us for food&drinks before and after the game.
I'm crying right now
Awesome news RT "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera to reporters today.
Oh, so Trayvon's killer isn't 100% white, that means he can't be racist/biased/racially motivated.Are people seriously this stupid?
nahh I been ready lol.! You the one aint ready
aww thanks. none of those are the best #stilltoberelease ;) but thanks for the support :)
CD Cover art for Lewis and Klark to be released soon.
LOL. You got this!
": this moment is the happiest and most excited i have been in a long time. this exact moment right now."
For The Children!
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things. -Benjamin Mays
How exciting Congrats Kimberly....Enjoy!!!
Also on tap today is the NHL's All-Star Game in Raleigh, North Carolina, the first since the league such instituted wide-ranging changes .
#HillerHelps - Difficulties in marriage are hard, but there is help available!
So far, she's good. She has other issues, but okay w/CM right now. Myfriend's daughter has much worse & just had another MRI 2day.
Full House is on right now :)
Need one more follower on Insatgram to hit 100 followers!! Follow me
Same!! He's a genius.
not familiar with them
nice profile pic. Maybe you didn't have enough tacos.
that sounds like a perfect plan m m m beautiful women and food!
Some guy totally just pushed me while getting off the train and gave me a dirty look. Dumbass.
little tough to run play action when you have zero run game...
A couple of weeks ago I was thinking BEast was the clear choice...still support notion so long as it retains AQStatus
more work... thnkn i should come visit
Maybe we should have a PEI tweet up :) We could invite the Lego people too.
Hello to our newest follower ! Us Grannies look forward to reading about your rentals and packages!
That weird moment when your talking to your closest friend and your crush comes and talks to your friend instead of you :/
Mighty Medicine at Chrome Cat (3/3)
I'm a genius of love
you should go say something to him & see if he figures it out lol
does anyone know of ANTI-tech in Edu tweeters? would love to follow some of them...
oh well I feel like its wrong cause she has feelings 2!:/
Toasted pecans make all the difference in a bowl of oat bran for breakfast. (maple syrup, cinnamon and cloves help, too)
Not wimps: our building codes assume relatively stable land mass....
I want tot see a sack on Favre and I want to see it HURT him!
only the wack rappers
I'll never forget your belieber of ..?
I really love how Austin doesn't pay attention the the haters he just ignores them.
I know I'm like 4 episodes behind but I'm just now watching the Whitney Houston Glee episode and holy crap do I have chills!!!
Have not seen J in a long time. Trying to get the old gang to go back. You in?
You were there? I would have said hey if I had known. But yeah, it's unreal how quickly they've become so big.
I think Alexia was the email, not sure if it was the online boards too
Yesterday. Glad to see it's still standing.
When St. Patrick's Day falls on Shabbat, one must drink four additional Bud Lite Limes. So saith THE LORD.
Kite Runner seems to be a decent book so far!
Hello work week!
...And we've always tried to do that at Apple. Since the very very beginning. And we always will." – Steve Jobs
Let's get the whole league involved! Salad creations for a healthier 2012 and a healthier you!
Viernesito q rico :)
Life wouldn't be life without hard decisions.
Real jerk!!! Poor Murph. That sucks.
her laugh makes me want to put a bullet in my foot.
Ya gotta have the Russian accent... without it... Well... I mean... What is the Baroness without the accent?
& we like them girls that ain't on tv cause they got more ass than the models
Hello ! How are you?! and I misses you!! 😉
THATS RIGHT DIE DIE DIE
What's wrong my friend? Why you in hospital?
guys, guys, guys, you need to settle down. it will only officially be weird when one of us is actually dancing on dancing with the stars.
I Got And AC :D YAY
if u gunna dm about what u dnt like about me idc b.c I dnt need 2 be liked by u
mobile billboard truck
Chillin by the fire why we eatin' fondue , i dunno about me but i now about you #Boyfriend !
We had a chance...
aight well my mom would never say those exact words but you get the point lol
Watching audition tape for my first bilingual film(English/Chinese, by a famous Chinese director). Looks pretty good! :-)
Dreamt I met in a mall food court. Me & Pat were taking pics in a tux & wedding dress while Drops of Jupiter was playing
Thanks for the follow Looking forward to the conference!
Oh wow, Alfonso Cuaron directing CATCHING FIRE would be amazing. The clock arena? I just can't even.
Understood... Besides, seems like Football (mostly college) is the top sport down there
You don't have to be awake to cry. - my sister's keeper
Did you see our DCU spot air before half-time? Nice job
lets do something to make sure Josh wont break his arm sliding into home!
If somebody had the luck like Harry Potter has, they would be dead within minutes.
I never received my order. I've emailed, gotten no response. I called numerous times and it just rings. Contact me please
bike shorts? its too warm to wear that under your clothes. Is it in lieu of spanx cause that doesnt work tried it once.
RT When only half the people required to be at this meeting actually show up, I feel like a chump for not blowing it off.
makes me look like a camel :-)
I don't think they set out to teach us that. But the way they set up the experience, we learn it…
I can't with you LMAO!
hahaha I'm a smelly giiirrrlll
Real nice geature from the #Brazil team. Even in defeat, team does a lap around Sam Boyd thanking fans and signing autographs.
Prediction: Mayweather dances around the ring & never actually fights.
Im ordering my malfoy shirt...i think i might tak my abercrombie bag back and get the hogwarts one that says draco on it.& a ton of HP stuff
CQ Today yesterday: Update on cybersecurity bills in House. Today: The IAEA report on Iran and congressional reaction.
Knoxville bound for Phillip's marathon on Sunday. Safety #prayers are appreciated!
The Mac Mini has been resonably revived, but still got the fribralators on the MacBook. But there is hope.
Such a beautiful morning.. Looks like the rain is coming now (again)
Totally missed this one. Still need to hear new album.
well everyone can be a jerk from time to time, but no I love Mark. I am routing as hard as anyone for him. We need him !!!
Good Morning and Happy Easter... Remenber the day for its true meaning and of course enjoy it, friends, family, egg hunts, food and all...
I don't like how it all goes "unnoticed"
nearly done just waiting for final touches then it can be shown, Its worth the wait. Will tell you where soon.Love Peace
Thank you...
At every school there's always that one teacher that everyone thinks is a pedo ..
I would hate to be the person that pissed you off.
First stop.. West county 💋
My tweets are bleak lately.. I have to go back to normal!
You need a moment.. Well #BounceThatAss then
I'm heading to Austin tomorrow mornin
That awkward moment when you're telling a story & you realize no one's listening so you slowly fade out and pretend you never said anything.
It's not Christmas without dim sum.
LIAM'S IN AMERICA? If I just Fangirled for nothing...
this is why you should never go shopping alone. i scratch your back, you get the jaws of life to free me from killer blouses.
That's my first time seeing a game go into double OT
First #snow of the season! Rethinking Halloween costume strategy.
miss you! How are u?
could it be because we don't change the clocks til next wkend??
I'm calm in all my features with the actors cast in rain.
Back at it #homework flow
For my reformed believers, "we say we believe in total depravity yet act surprised when we see it in us," Jim Cofield
Our hospitals LOVE Walmart!
It's #WhyILoveMuseums day! Share the love & tell us why you <3
yes i have really ilke Nick Voss :)
no problemo! Another time:D
You go girl! I just woke up..... I need a big slice of your energy....love ya!
Got to speak on a student panel AND mingle with students all afternoon
sky high you mean haha you kinda lead people on well me for example had me going and boom FRIENDs? haha deadly words dude
15 minutes of class left and I'm done reading the assigned chapters. WHAT SHOULD I DO.
Me too. We will find a way to make that happen soon.
Tryn Get 400 Tweets. Im So Lame.
less, the race to the bottom is far more annoying.
I hate small talk. Don't talk to me.
Brewers make a 10+ comeback
Excellent news, one of my favorite shows!!!
We just catered to a group of 2000! That's right...no group is too big or too small. Call us for tasty food delivered for your next party!
omg I am so excited my whole family is screaming so loud omfg yes
Too true. Thanks!
Love love love on SNL. Dreams being born!
yes yes
Hi Bob, Hanukkah and thanks for being a guest on my online talk show.
hahaha thank you, "snaps for" group iMessage 😂
Little Miss Down on Love, Little Miss I give up. <3 Sugarland
it can't be that boring can it?
I graduated from college exactly 10 years ago today. I guess time flies when you're having fun? Here's to the next ten! # goblue
It does!
I certainly will! I loved The Poison Diaries & can't wait to read #NIGHTSHADE!
looking forward to hearing leader this Thursday at JWT
too good for A but not quite good enough to hang around MLB.
Keynote: comparing exhaustivity in indexing to Impressionism and Precisionism - "catching the light"
Whats your favorite Soccer memory of 2011?
Sounds cool... Where are they located most of the time??
I Almost went to Jail Because of BEYONCE & Gigi Left Me Hanging w/ The Police ( 5-0 )that came & got me & Gigi Was no where to be found !
That's great
We will be world premiering the new Britney song around 11:50am today called "When The World Ends"!!!!!!!
Would that we could. You wouldn't believe how expensive they are.
a good bunch of friends and I were discussing your stores last night and the lack of them in Geauga co. Bainbridge Middlefield
love this.
Shut it down
I'm outside.
Loved Death and Harry Houdini by the House Theatre but still puzzling over the magic of the magic. Will be back this summer for another run.
Omfg soo annoyed today!!! Tuesday is not my day
Thank U
You got that unavoidable kiss. :3
Why do I always stay up so late when J isn't here to make me shut the lights and go to sleep
I want you to love me like my dog
That is so uncalled for.
“: Yeah, I wanna make you feel wanted; it's good to feel wanted, too. #lyriclines”
It just doesn't get any better than this! Looking through junk for artistic inspiration. Always find it. Love it! artisansgonegreen.com
totes? :-) i love you. P.s. nicole must never know! Lmao.
We just added 12"/24"/44" Stainless Steel Radiator hoses + 48" Stainless Steel Heater Hoses to our website for just $5.00 ea. Deep Discount
Dale owes you one!
Starbucks has enlisted 3 designers for their anniversary tee..CHOOSE COFFEE!!!,,,um...Hello?????? Choosey Chicks, THE brand of choice.
Damn, I miss Homie the Clown...
Seattle has terrible weather.
thanks! it's been a fun project to have on the list
I Love you Big Head
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
Thx SF for a great week! Learned valuable travel lessons: never fly into SFO in the winter & cross check hotel w/bed bug registry.
twilight, starlight, sunlight, moonlight
RT : Tweet & get a treat! Try our new breaded ravioli free today at #takeouttuesday - visit & RT. :)
Rednecks are some stupid crazy motherfuckers!
Don't you understand? you mean more to me than anything in this entire world.
thanks for getting us out in the tweetosphere with great pictures! Glad I could make your day better!
Oh no, I'm afraid to look.
shut your face!
#NF yes! keziah is on twitter!!! KEZZY-P ☺ I love you yo!
Hank just booked a commercial!!! - just auditioned for it this morning! Yay!!
When he's sexiest I'm sure 😉
You need to fucking call me...
just a peek
Suppose I was away from home and wanted a print of a photo on my iphone. Can I connect to a photo kiosk via bluetooth, app, or USB?
I love cereal
neither do I..... Lmao
very nice addition! good news-good article
How on earth do I protect or lock my tweets???
Nile, I keep going back looking @ ur baby pic. U were SO cute! Ha! Stare in ur eyes; they're so deep!
Comcast has been sent packing; 30 days and still no wireless on the horizon! I picked up Clear internet/wireless provider~ up in 10 mins!
tiger guy was me
There are few phrases I dislike more than "HAPPY FRIDAY"!
Tonight: "Home of the unsigned artist" - PERFORM, NETWORK, or just ENJOY a great show! Club Pyramid, NYC. 8PM, $10- For info: 347 249 9441
Sad day in Ravensland. Good season though guys! We almost made it!
what's your picture?
we will make it happen one day xD
This bitch is so stupid
RT : BREAKING: Dow Jones industrial average climbs 200 points. -BW
i want to be an Librarian... lol they got bank
to celebrate tomorrow!!
How many people?
excellent choice
You can almost hear Miller Park inhale en masse when a #Brewers player nears a wall, then exhale when he emerges safely.
Trimming up my #movember partner with at
Also their careers page is still loaded with jobs, wtf
i sent that when you were out all day.
Aaron Kremer of sharing his business story w Chesterfield Chamber members.
QUICK, what's 1 thing you are committed to accomplishing today..?
Quite possibly bringing back dickie juice
Mr. D'Fwan, Party City does not sell giant see-through clocks or Pegasus wings so I got this paper pineapple instead
I met highest ranking military officer I'll ever meet in my life today - Fieldmarshall
I'm working towards delusional. It's beer for dinner.
also, check our FB group: "Smithsonian EdLab alumni" it's become a teacher-led discussion forum. They've taken it over!! :)
you should go for a walk get some fresh air or just tAlk to me XD . No creepiness add
What about us? ;3
Cold in dis house
Congrats on your media coverage and insights at #GCUC !!
...till female education shall receive the same careful attention...from public legislation as are bestowed on that of the other sex. (1850)
Great drive out to the studio this morning with About to go in.
I can confirm the press release is real. This twitter account on the other hand, not so much.
Worst series loss of the year here. Astros are absolutely terrible. I guess the Pirates are just worse.
I could probably live and thrive at Teavana at the Beverly Center
Felix I second Troy () and Abed () host the Oscars.
Moral character makes for smooth traveling; an evil life is a hard life. Proverbs 11:5
If u expect athletes w/ mental health issues to act the way u expect other athletes to act, u may continue to be disappointed.
CNN: Happening Now. Fox: Breaking News. MSNBC: Breaking Newt. MSNBC wins this round.
How do do I always end up getting bruised playing flag football? This time, slightly bruised ribs
To you who asked: I am a year older than Howard Stern and a couple younger than Rush Limbaugh (gak!) who also were born on a Jan 12.
Another Monday. Time to grind! LEH Go
wait, we dont have to wear pastry shoes to meet on the Coast to Coast tour? we can buy a m&g for 6$?
yup, you know how we doo girl ;*
You played great last night, great job on Peyton & the Colts.
i haven't been on twitter in forever..
As much as I want to go home, I really don't want to leave this weather!
does Beachwood Canyon, LA really exist...or is it a beautiful bohemian fragment of my imagination?
You had me at #farscape!
#seattle #longboard #longboarding #LBLD the best weekend ever for INTERNATIONAL LONGBOARDING DAY ON THE 12th !!! What did you do?
Peet's coffee and power yoga. Yeah!
Did you see Melanie's Pepsi commercial
There is a woman at the begining of all great things
feels like yesterday it was August.
Seven events all over town on a rainy day = wish me luck!
Do we need a coupon code?
please be brave and vote YES!
Finally out of the car and chillin in Joplin!
I really hope Coto. More humble. Quiet killer.
"When it comes to men who R romantically interested n U, it's really simple. Just ignore evrythng they say &only pay attn to what they do."
Police officer accused of passing on sensitive information - Honolulu Star-Advertiser
Aoki has the worst throwing arm I've ever seen. When Gomez gets back, play him every day.
RT how's my lip balm? <- it misses your lips
your avi might just be the most intimidating, yet beautiful thing ever...when I find out, ill let you know(:
I have a phone interview today. Do they expect u to have questions for them at this point? Or should that wait until live interview?
- pleasure to meet you too! Merry Xmas! :)
Likewise! Cheers
I'm 90% sure. They show random crowd shots all the time. I wish they'd put names under the faces.
“: Need some strong painkillers !” Man, hope you feel better quick!!!!
what up, how can we get on your next MixTape.. Orphanz™
Lethargy has taken over. If you need me, I'll be on the flat surface over there -------> for about 6 hours or so
Teacher: "Turn off your phone!" yeah right, like that's gonna happen. *Puts on vibrate*
pondering a masters in archiving...
#IGetJealousOf .... Girls who have boyfriends that are too good for them.. :/
I wish there was a comfortable tea with lots of melatonin in it to comfortably relax me into sleep.
they arent in it for the studio albums.
"obsessed is a word the lazy use to describe the dedicated."
I had a crying baby in the theatre i was in. 👊 RT : What's kind of parents bring to see their kids hunger games ???
Steve Jobs. Your genius will never be forgotten. It's so so sad to know your no longer with us. Stunned
Audrey Rowe, Food & Nutrition Services, says USDA committed to end hunger in US, but laments they haven't agreed upon a plan to do so.
gotta admit they're posing questions that lots of people want the answers to.
Ask him if he's ever considered the fact that we're all really just pancakes
Do it Toss, you know you want too.
how married are you to your Twitter name?
lol, but who can tell if he's just being provocative?
Good luck to Everton today, Newcastle's current form is no joke. I'm still smarting from Cisse's goal against Chelsea.
Oh man, I'd eat that thing up. Lol!
I love those guys...... Rest, repair, next season: Chicago Bulls!!!
So proud of ! So many more great things to come for you girlie! You are amazing!!!
Call, text, tweet, or email your local station and request Chuck Wicks "Old School" today!
Can a sardine can fly? Tonight, proves unequivocally: yes!
another 5th grade superstar is
do you trust me
Balance the damn budget already.
Got great news...TWICE today!
yes it is!! I'm ECSTATIC!! She will be gorgeous! :) congratulation to the Mr. as well!! (eek! idk his twit name! Lol)
yes! same here!! I wish I could just skip over the school part and have an awesome job already!
Ugh. Can't sleep.
what are you up tonight hood?
cause everyone hates you carly
O every1 if ur following that's me but I sorta 4got my password so just 2 let u know.
Making the spring trek down to Clemson to pick up the joolzer tomorrow.
& Matthias are presenting at #ELI2012 this week in Austin.
How did I miss the Bocce sign up? Guess ill have to play next year.
same here
Last night O'Connor, Ginsburg, Sotomayor and Kagan celebrated three decades since O'Connor joined the Supreme Court! Jelly! Wer's ma invite?
agreed. His illness did it though. Not Overeem.
This poolside waterfall is soothing to my creativity! I recorded it to replay at home lol.
Marketing! RT : What industries are ripe for disintermediation?
Why do people always gotta lie on me ? Thats some bs .
yeahh baby coming . ^^
Good morning, gotta go rehearse at 9:45
Doing great, but Minneapolis misses you! That's so cool you got to see Discovery this morning. Any other interesting sights yet?
do you want those shoes I wore to prom back?
yep, me too!!
The Portland Timbers had 10 fouls in the first half. Did you get the live play question right?
Ohh gosh! I can't get over how sweet it is that wrote his mama a song! When I saw 's tweet, I teared up a bit.
too late for that.
I love youu more !!
How do I stop all of these weught loss and money things automattically being tweeted ?? X
Feeling confused sucks ..😔..
When someone comes into your life. God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
Happy Easter everyone!!
Good to hear that Ramon Santiago remains a Tiger... he was here during the tough years left for a few and has been back since. Good Stuff!
#fridayreads: "Ecstasy of Influence" and "The Book of Lost Things" by
great article!
Can't decide whether to watch Top Gear, Top Shot or Top Chef
The playoffs JUST became all about the Heat losing a terrible, terrible loss.
There is a brief opportunity at beginning of each 2 year session to amend the SENATE rules or procedures.
<3 Yayyyyy!! Welcome back, Khloe! You're my favorite!
Don't forget local elections today
Bloggers -GET READ. Your contenct, search engine friendly, ServiceBox.com. We're the only user-generated geo-focused social networking...
Mom made "beef" curry, rice and Mac salad. Tastes like home. So ono <3
W 1 cup
what are your feelings on "journaling" as opposed to keeping a journal?
Your really just pulling the trigger on a loaded gun
two thumbs up by andre and Dre :-)
Not at the derby but making plans for next year
A6) Remember when your mate speaks, that is a part of your soul communicating. See yourselves as "ONE."
I have no feelings but is that a feeling smh
I keep getting new books, I need to stop and focus on one if I want to learn Ruby on Rails. Just added RailsSpace to the pile.
Does anyone need a job? Its an at home one. =] You can start today.
incredibly turnt up.
Broke my birthday shades. whoops.
hm make art tonight or make twitter posts. so torn
NICE body!
Today Is The Day The LORD Has Made and We All Shall Rejoice In It!! What Are You Expecting The LORD To Do In Your Life Today?
Catchin up with my best friend. Been too long!
lol, yes - unavailable :-)
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him."
Im a bitch
Thanks for the welcome, we are glad to be here :)
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if you want me to write a product review or a giveaway on my blog!
Not sure why I still follow his twitter account is about as useless as birth control at a nunnery
LaMichael James gets the ball 4 straight plays, gains 29 yards for Ducks
ANYONE who gets 10 friends to like our page and write your name in this comment stream gets a $25 Metrotainment Cafes gift card! Share this!
Married tweeps who've been there, done that: what's the best part about getting hitched in #Milwaukee?
Thanks for following me Peter. You may also follow me at for any concerns. #DellListens!
Working fine for me in safari.
Who knew configuring iSCSI initiators could be so much fun...
Jeff - did u c the announcement?
Nice, Nasty...
anoint yourself, dress up, and go down to the threshing floor. But do not disclose yourself to the man until he has finished #Torah 57/99
She taught me all abt ADHD! MT "Requiring kids to learn things earlier assumes they are blank slates or widgets."- Martha Denckla
shit so funny , i didnt even take her serious .
did you just call me Hannah Montana? 0.o oh no yous didnt
morning ... My bro in here knocked the hell out. Too funny.
Mornin/good afternoon
they are carefully distinguishing between gift books and annuals, as they say you would wish.
How about more people listen to Kay?
OMG!!!! You quoted me lmao
Yanked it.
I don't mourn deaths long because God makes no mistakes
at work .
is my snow hero!
The Steve Jobs bio made objectivism cool again
A ranger there told us some incredible bear stories. Ever have any encounters with grizzlies?
Please dismember and never forget: SDSU v New Mexico (as opposed to old Mexico) tomorrow at 5 at the Q! #GoAztecs!!!
Omg tied game. Go Braves!!!!!!!
Ziplock bags r my friend. Nerd alert!
My recurring college-related nightmare is that the semester has started but I forgot to register for classes. So... never?
Nothing but excitement in our offices!
T.S. Eliot said that "last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice.” Happy New Year's, Hoyas!
Seriously getting excited for launch. So soon!
That whole project is just awesome, I'm glad I got to see it in person.
apartment 720 VIP tonight!!
And if you don't want to go out in the rain, we deliver...........
#UWRightNow is perhaps the coolest social media project I've ever seen. So proud to have spent my last 4 yrs here. I never want to leave
Is it normal 4 ur lips to change colors as u get bigger
hey there - any brilliant ideas this monday afternoon?
oh well did you guys call ur house ?
Hi Sivia!! i HAD to find you - you are too sweet! i've just favorited your shop too - your t-shirts are *adorable!* (continued!)
I mean.. I might learn how to spell it one day
are they at least being quiet? Lol
oh you;) you're too cute!:D
At Disneyland day 2 w/the GRITs. It really IS a small world, after all.
As a Sonics fan, I found your piece thoughtful. Other fans ignore the fact that we'll do this same thing to somebody else soon.
about to head to church key, you?
Wishing everyone a fun and safe Thanksgiving weekend!
what up take doing your thing it's do you day and you are doing well My friend..got to run and get ready for tonight show
“: false alarm. Oops.” Stand down, #Snowture alert.
couldn't have said that better...so true
hm doesn't ring a bell haha and no who
Hmm. I would think assessment would be collaborative. If assessment there must be.
Just tapped Firestone Walker's Union Jack IPA.
he's lighting it up
Sick! (not the good kind)
Edson Buddle - Oh my. 1 on 1 with goalie and missed the whole goal. wow. Finishing 101.
I guess we're the practical types Steve
But she loves nuzzling!!!!
I think we can't use the "at" symbol because if you hit reply you respond to what follows the "at" sign
Pregaming it RT : Me and the are we gna grub.
I will, thank you for your concern.
If Purdue pull off upset tomorrow it will be first time since 1980 all four schools made Sweet Sixteen. Top four seeds had 1st rd bye then.
not really completely fair comparison. The most obvious is one has super majority and gets most anything they want.
Wish I had a miracle berry to accompany my coffee this morning.
Yaay my real life sister is in town! Can't wait to see her tomm before Im off on my mini tour to Vegas, Houston, & Tampa hehe ;)
jesus fucking christ. good thing i never liked you to begin with
#AGT but the camel toe made up for it
Good Morning All!! Did you hear there is going to be "Black Ice" in ATL tommorrow? Check your tires tweeps and don't speed on the patch
Well im bored... gonna go record... just wish someone would hear me and i know someone will cuz qll i gotta do is
Forecast for Thursday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Local visibility one quarter mile or...
Ugh...debugging in the Azure cloud. Nuff said.
Glick Eye Institute is hosting a community day on Sat- including vision screenings, FMI: www.glick.iu.edu
By the way, you were great as always on MSNBC this morning.
#Tipsfortheladies If you want to keep you're home, we're the guys for you ;)
Well i guess ive seen everything now. Just saw a guy playing the drums on his steering wheel on the highway with ACTUAL drum sticks.
The girl who took the Tim Tebow cardboard cutout to her senior prom probably did so because the real Tim Tebow wouldn't put out
says, "its not stripping, its looking good"
Im trying to follow you back!
I love when someone plays with my hair.
lol shut up
May is Better Speech & Hearing Month! Celebrate the joys of communication every day! Speaking, listening, understanding each other!
Looks cool. I will take a closer look this weekend, and try to find where you've hidden the cat photos ...
I have an ancestor whose name was Phineas....
So much time you wasted that's why I had to replace you 💁💋
The Patio is hoping, git on down to the cow and git you a Frozen Strawberry Rita like your mama used to make! Giddy Up!
Dang people tweet a lot!! I leave for maybe an hour and I have 2,000 unread tweets!!
Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others. Brian Tracy
Tired of subliminal advertising. I'm ready for liminal messages
Leaving for DC early tomorrow to attend AHO Winter Seminar. Looking forward to seeing colleagues.
you were perfect!!!
I wondered if that really worked before I bought it. Thanks
OH: I can't believe I just ordered a "Gowalla" -- Philip Bowden, Gowalla employee.
LAST 1st day of school. To the professors who spend the entire class on the syllabus: I can read. Teach me something.
See, if I was like Saber I would hit all my contacts with a 'Saber Threatens Art Critic a Second Time' story.
Do what??
lol yea you are right.... Hey cuz :)
Uh oh Avon! Prom Week!
could you help us get some followers? Please?
Looks like it was a GREAT week at #RSA! Esp. 's Decom-"Press"-ion happy hour! Awesome turnout for the pitch-free zone! :)
RT : &, ha, not to mention - follow him & join us from the studio this Monday evening for live.
OHMYGOSHHH. and would be such a cute couple! <3
Ken Dahlberg passed away yesterday at age 94 and with him a small part of what brings humanity to humans and makes America great.
Any #nonprofits using Pinterest to help in their storytelling or branding? Please let me know!
for sure temple did. We don't wanna waste anymore time on those lowly a10 teams. We got a national title to win.
So did we! RT : Disney concert was fantastic yesterday! My family had a blast!
I haven't been on here in a while
Wowzers. That's alot of $$. What on earth did you sell??
Buffalo wild wings with my pops(:
5 more days left of classes, YEAH BUDDY
hacked again. Mhm.
Might be possible in terms of price.I believe Fuji uses components f/Nikon in some cameras.not sure about the model u mention.
Guys With British Accents >>>
He and the best man and maid of honor were up late making dolmathes. THEN he baked the cake. He was up almost all night.
was on the phone with a person than they put me on hold to get another department to set up the ticket for purchase. Unreal!
You are wearing your shoes and somebody is walking in and out of your life with your keys in their pocket that is not fashion
shopping souds so fun right now hope you will have a great time luv ya you rock!
get it girl 😉
Coldplay were quite fantastic! Quite the amazing light show and the tunes ain't too shabby ;-D!
Sounds intriguing. Thanks for the info.
Wow, it's been WAY too long since I've been in #TheStrip #Pgh Coly cow... Pittsburgh Macaroni Co!
Early to bed, early to rise! Goodnight! :)
Thanks for the RT
i'll keep yall posted via text message and phone calls. we will talk soon. have a bless day!
Damn the clippers was down by 21 now they just won
Still? I would go with the Galaxy S II Skyrocket. But even further I would not go with Android. :-)
Not too much on my girl Rebecca black!
hey uhm.. i have a problem WHY AM I STILL crying over him :/ it been 2 dayss !!!!!:/
Storm clouds like soaring ravens follow us to hurl squals of sheeting hail and rain at our gallant train.
Who Wants to make money and is good with paypal and bitcoin? Email at
go buy this record, nerds!
Happy Easter everybody!!! got one huge chocolate bunny and some radical eggs. to see them go to
It turns out that Realtor(R) is not a real word but is a word actually made up by some Realtor(R) or group of Realtor(R)s.
"One of the things I love about a mentoring workshop is you don't have to talk about things that work" So true
as long as my animals are safe im going to sit back and booze it up and ride it out <3! hope everyone in its path is safe as well !!
RT : I ain't settling for anything less than everything, had enough so-so. -Sugarland
Haven't heard of max t3 yet - perhaps our trainers have! How's that working for you Candi?
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 66
I can't do it without you. Please spread the word
it's 's bday on saturday. How could we #vegas again? cc:
I guess those times i wasnt being taken serious when i was all in were signs to let go
that didn't work
Walked pass this baw in Philly blastin on his BOOMBOX! ...I'm not mad.
happy birthday Bish!:)
Violet's all confident & Dash plays sports now! It's like everything worked out in the end. How convenient.
#ilovemydadeventhough he puts smiley faces with a nose-- (-: --In every text message. gkjhkjhkjhk
