i miss smallville and bones
is making a home cooked Italian dinner 🍝 😊
Gah, I'm off Twitter when Duck Dunn dies? I need to know this stuff!
We hope so too! RT I hope they put some in that G&T
Bye Arizona ! I want to redo this week all over again
getting over food poisoning and super excited about being in Vegas for the week. Sad I will miss my friends...
I am laughing my ass off so hard.. I knew it! I knew it!!!!!!! I deserve an award!
What a disgusting performance
I really should be! :) I would be down to chill sometime yo.
I think it's because I miss her
volleyball! I went to hit a ball then landed on it wrong. 
Let's just say, I can get the faucet back running 💦😏
"Like" if you already started playing baseball. "Comment" on when you start.
I'm not sure you are qualified to answer that. Plus, didn't we already celebrate this holiday on Saturday?
Watching Braxton Miller run for that TD and all I could think was, I don't wanna hear it,
- thanks for the follow. Can you email more info to ? Thanks and be well. Marc
macaroons are awesome. you should try them. being a lesbian is not as awesome. probably just experiment with macaroons.
Lunch/Site one Tuesday this Spring/Summer TBD. LMI is Library Management Institute.
#SportingKC wins 3-0! Goals by , & ! Good game boys!
idk if he gone have the car.. who you goin to robbins with?
and #rest351, Not sure his disc. of ToT is "reactionary"/"insincere" rather he is documenting assumed Christian dominance.
Awesome! Thank you so much!
No love for reusable glassware?! :) RT : I love you red solo cup❤
No, it always falls on a Sabado. Or not.
Miley Is Not A Bad Girl :D
Congrats to Rayce for winning #faceoff Awesome work!
Hey, y'all! Go grab 's album that hit stores today! They're SUPER awesome guys! Totally worth it!!
I'm done trying. #You'veLostMyRespect.
I think an adventure is our future! Just saying. lol!
Hey, please help how I can watch?! (:
this one is moreso R&B and I am showing some versatility. I'm rapping on it ;). It's different
It was so good! And the new one is actually on deck as my next book. 😊
What a crappy day at work, only 590 more to go.
You are loved.....more than you can ever possibly imagine. (Ephesians 3: 18-19)
#AskAlexConstancio Alex! if you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?(:
waking up at 8 am to go with
I've been planning a lot of fun activities for the summer. To bad I'm going to ditch all of them and just sleep and watch tv.
friday afternoon in the universe...
Just downloaded #minecraft thru #xboxlive let's see what the hype is all about this game... #fail or #epic we shall see????
Argument may win the situation but lose the person, but Patience may lose the situation but win the person.
Smiling like an idot(';
the problems we faced in wisconsin are the same problems we face at the national level- fitzgerald
I want you to kill the opening set Tonight! As usual I know you will murder the dance floor!
You are most welcome! Wish one of us could make it. We let some of the cities on our platform know that are nearby.
I like yur website :)
check out the wall on The Vox Essence Music Competition there's a mini contest for an interview lets get it guys!
uh can you say NASTY.
There is a Halt for a reason. Somebody has doubt...hm let justice prevail.
RT : #cloud Only "true cloud" provides compute/app services not just access/transmission.
I've been on w tech support for an hour. Waiting supervisor because tech support wont help. NEVER buy an TouchPad. Crappy product.,
GOOD LUCK & have fun
": Thanks for the follow back! You bad! Keep balling oh so hard! :-)" Aww your welcome!!
Ah! Just realized I have been listening to genesis for the past 2 minutes. Not cool 80s channel. Not cool.
Good morning Tweeps...one day before the Amateur Millionaires Club TV show premieres...will u be watching? Tune in 10:30pm on MYATL TV
yea im waiting on the master radio version to come back so i can hit 107.9 battle ground
GOOD MORNING RISE AND SHINE! :))
"Spring Jump-Off," 18 & Under, Friday, May 18 feat local artists for details call 412-969-7456
I here u lol
wow i just took mine off not long ago on the side wow lol
me too haha
I use a Canon Rebel T3i with the standard 18-55mm lens that comes with it or my 50mm lens.
Don't forget all the zombie Mothers this Sunday!
I love when my glasses and contacts are 65 miles away. I feel like Stevie Wonder.
.'s actions were totally uncalled for. He's gotta realize his actions are purely unprofessional & not an example to set for kids!
Adam Dunn playing LF today. bwahahaha *queues up circus music*
Either give me a chance or let me go
I'm going to put on some war paint and dump a bunch of High Life in Lake Monona... Anyone have a boat?
That might just be my all time favorite tweet.
TOTALLY. But I still want Troy to go on an immunity run and shake shit up or its going to be a boring next 5 episodes.
Amber Riley And Chord Overstreet
I'm not sure I hate anything more than when a napkin sticks to my drink when I pick it up.
playing golf on my property with tree walnuts.
Tied at fulltime - going to extra time! 2-2. Watch ESPN for extra time! Enjoy
I have never met Denzel Washington
too much money, aint enough money
I'm such a sucker for a nice smile 😍
what, are you saying I can't really be that hip?
#Nurses, what would happen if robots took over caring? Just one of the provocative questions explored in our book review of Alone...
kay, soo... is absolutely beautiful<3 we love her so much! Please follow back? xo
lol! He ate better than me!
digging the new track doods! Swing by the site and check out the post when you get the chance. Cheers!
ITS FRIDAY B####ES! time to pick the funniest photo of the week! 3 more hours to send us 1!! who is going to win the $20 itunes giftcard??
thanks for the love!!!
NOT EVEN CLOSE...he's even worse at infidelity than Jordan was...and that's not saying much!
great day to be on the red storm
Your butt is a legend, Mallory! And yes... he is.
New episode of Magic City and butter pecan ice cream.
I want.
shout out to Meek Mill!!! over 1 million mixtape downloads in like 12 hours. That's fucking crazy
that thing is awwweeesssoooommme! lunch date soon?
u already owe me 20 lol
People who order wine at the club <<<
bitchy mood ? Yes.
RT " Roger Klotz?" Ha it will $$ ya we'll spray paint u green/hair orange, leather jacket & Miley as ur purple cat
I find out a friend has cancer...what do I go do? Smoke a cig. Fuck I'm strange
Alright I don't know where Dana is anyway
princeton make sure u look for a girl with a green shirt with ur picture that says SpreadThePeace 💚
“: um y u don't got your copy of Loud Pack yet?”>>>didn't know it was on sale lol...where?
Los Angeles Voice Therapy is now offering LSVT LOUD for individuals with neurological conditions like Parkinson Disease
he says , "touch me LIKE you care" cause he sure knows I dont.
I think you're amazing! :)
how old are you
We're grown ups. We can put our underwear over our OWN heads dammit.
Area Division 2 teams at Deerfield Classic include: Sugar River, Columbus, Lake Mills, Marshall & Randolph/Cambria-Friesland.
Zig Ziglar Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
#BYU #Nevada #Eagles I want Matthews at 28 for the #Ravens please :)
don't miss my convo w "The End of Advertising" at #RTTS12 today 11am
Our sponsor donated several books, some Xbox 360 games, and an Xbox 360 controller!
Tonight's #MadMen had The Beatles' Tomorrow Never Knows & Saved By The Bell's Mr. Belding.
whats the move for later ? :)
Are you twerkin at the Bali tonight?! I may stop by on my way home from work!
i said that i might!!!
"Money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock"
CONGRATULATIONS ARIZONA STATE SOFTBALL - NATIONAL CHAMPIONS!!!!!!!!!!
Awww...miss you guys too! We need a phone date soon :)
I tried playing it for the guy next to me, and he moved seats. Score!
i love courtney
(AP) -- The Indianapolis Colts announce end of quarterback Peyton Manning's playing career with club
Wrap day 2; didn't rain, but we were pummeled by 40mph winter winds. Can't be perfect, but it was close. Best cast & crew that Oregon has!
OK, if I get this one install to work I'm saying F it to work and heading outside!
#FF Superstar Sisters
Faith is like radar that sees through the fog. ~ Corrie Ten Boom
: was listening to "time baby take it" and misheard the lyric as "down baby chicken"! <3 LOL
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep , I win .
Why is suicide looked down on?
We all need to trend #HappyBirthdayBiancaC all day tomorrow! RT to spread the word!
Doing the manliest thing ever.. thinking about
We love #Online_Gamer the web-serie and U ?
Some people just need to get hit by a bus or something..
Just found out #Boo isnt something you call your girlfriend lol
If you are using , I definitely recommend checking out the add-on. Super simple log search and alerting.
whenever u can me and will meet up with u
"i'm thinkin' yea on that cheese"
Work 2morrow but I'm thinking bout my birthday (which is in November) & wat to do. Any suggestions?
THugh what it do?
u r so pretty
I just sent a work email referencing the "minor tweets" I made to a document. I thought women were supposed to be good at multi-tasking?
Best part of eating near Disneyland is the large gangster looking men wearing pink lanyards with princess coin purses hanging from them. :-)
Sounds insanely busy...“: Cinco De Mayo block party this sat Vegas next weekend chic weekend after Indy 500....
Down to 5 Buddy Bike Sport with 5 leads. 1st-come, 1st-serve on the last of this model unitl 2013! Lots of Buddy Bike Family still in stock!
Hey mikes a good guy! RT : Wow...thanks. RT : mike you have a perfect face for radio."
Goodmorning Everyone ;** Say It Back !
too early. need coffee. stat.
If uu anit shitting then get off the pot
thank u!!
I've been more of a college student this week then I have all semester..co-op, STAMP, Cole, Byrd, sitting on the mall,
Why the fuck isn't the snow green? Ireland you have failed me!
I would watch the crap out of that. Such glorious schadenfreude.
Omg there are goldfish swimming in the center-pieces!!
hell yea blood.
The Alper JCC invites you to join our extended family of Members.
casey anthony
Courtside- Rockets & Bobcats.
Right?! I tried using that excuse & was told, "Babe, I'm 42, if I can make it so can you."
Bbm can like to behave this early morning o..
haha! Nope, I'm not feelin' that today!
i thought tish worked til 2 today not u....
Why? RT : Tatt appointment at 3.. I might cancel that bitch.
No hot water at gym this morning. Saw a desperate lady shampooing in the steam room.
so apparently, my big fat gypsy wedding is in ripley? xDDD
well, we're waiting!
When did youtube start taking 5hrs to upload something!
so this would be a prime morning for me to take advantage of my man crush?
Publish anthology (stud art, wrtgs) via corp sponsors/grants. Distribute locally. IE, free n #RVA via Kroger, Martins stores
Why am I up so early?!
btw where you want me to tweet you? here or your other account
It’s important to understand that all deep issues held within the cells of the body generally leave in layers.
haha i wish i could but im in alaska!
congrats on the invite. Exceed their expectations!
not if I kick back! :)
Oh, hi you! Over here, in my office, trying to keep it together!
watching never say never while i do my work
Can we clone Kyrie and play at least three of him in the fourth quarter?
OMG!! Just a couple more hours till 2011!!! =D
Glad you enjoyed the #ibed!
We preserved it in plastic and hung it on the wall. Now we are checking yearbooks for money & love letters, LOL.
#nowplaying George Mesterhazy, Everytime We Say Goodbye, he is amazing on the piano!
I can get my uncle to make some custom baby gators.
Sensitive, schmensitive. Oprah fucking rocks and I'm happy to step outside with anyone who disagrees.
I see the carefully-tended roots of the Mittleremensch, the Average Men, watered by science and math, statistocrats specialized to dust.
why not have a most popular in each city, each restaurant feature?
Good morning... Time to make the donuts... I mean paninis for the party today. Hope to see you here from 11a -3p. Very excited are we.
Drummer Keith Moon of The Who died on this day in 1978 of an overdose of Clomethiazole.
SB45 Biz Lesson # 29: Be a gracious winner and learn from your losses.
Edwards says racing w/o stress of sponsors, women and $$ is def better than racing w that stress ... he says been there, done that
Goodnight #Denver_Broncos! TB with a performance for the ages. Devine intervention won't make this easier for
Sitting in the new Lorenzi Park, eating my lunch and enjoying the breeze. Also finally figured out how T9 works on my cellphone!
We are honestly super glad! Thanks Kaeley! :)
I saw him speat at case.edu should be good. RT : Looking forward to hearing Dean Kamen speak tomorrow
“: "Gettin' jackety jacked up beer backed and doubled up stand up and make some noise, we're gonna party like Cowboyz!"” WORD !!!!
now my answer for everything."why didn't you write your essay?"BECAUSE HERMIONE DID IT ONCE AND SHE WAS ATTACKED BY A TROLL
#ReplaceCodySongsWithUnicorn Unicorn Day :'D
I've heard that. Great professors always make learning fun.
Been reading your tweets and I like your style. Thanks for being one of the only followers to not use an auto-DM!
Richie a trader lol
RT : 6. Don't wind your neck or roll your eyes when you talk to people.
Oh my! Soo full!
"Stay down." "You're gonna have to kill me."
Knowing the size of the voice isn't what makes a difference,but that it will be heard does!
Wtf the unemployment line is slow as a bitch n paperwork out the ass
#edchat innovation occurs at tables of collaboration versus rows of isolation
YES!!!~ I'm not jailed anymore:D
what kind of dog do you have?
you've been hanging out with me too much
We r partying hard here for ladies night!!!!! Nothing but fun fun....I'm holding on!!! Miss ya
Happy Easter!
for tweeting I'll CYA tomorrow, if not I'll CYA later
Thoughts become things :)
Sleeping with a married man.
"The most important thing a father can do for his children is to Love their Mother" --The Rev. Theodore Hesburgh
Just finished an amazing 10-hour documentary series in Netflix. It is called Carrier, and traces the prep and 6-mo deployment of USS Nimitz
great piece
I think you're phone is taken up where are we sitting for lunch?
Good luck on your tests! You and I both know they're very UN-GRAND, but that's life.
If you want to see someone who makes everyone smile, look at ♥
Got a win with my pre k group went 0 n 3 n pool play but won 1st bracket game
Together website is finally coming together. Thanks to everyone involved!
Help! Any ideas on how to locate a misplaced #iphone with ringer turned off? Any way to make it wake up and ring? #Apple and #ATT no help.
is the worst...Internet outage for the whole city. Don't use them.
Nov 1861 Union General Jefferson Davis leads his measle-ridden troops across Missouri.Buried at Crown Hill in Indianapolis.
I think ones karma and klout scores are inversely proportional.
hahaha omg do it ! and the later he fails at paying the more interest he pays haha jk jk
I'm going bk
you're welcome :)
spank you happy helperton!!
Hate a old desperate nigga!
ewww i have to go to school :P
Whos bored other than me?
if facts point to Joe "covering it up" as you strongly claim then why has AG stated otherwise 3 different times?
I need me a good book to read.
We Just Coolinn .
Really, really tired. Had a great weekend with my sweetheart. Fun, fun, fun all the time with him. Work is killing me. Really worn out.
don mclean
..are you sure there's worse? Hahahah
hey, senior guys ;)
Happy Monday to Everyone.
You think you know your boyfriend but then you find out.......... He is cheating on you:( FML!:( life sucks right now:/
Time for a run. Endomondo will have the details shortly
lies! Because I not goofy
So true. RT : "Design for kids and you'll engage adults too."
i'm more concerned with all time low's 6th anniversary of being signed than some stupid commercial hallmark holiday
The Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association has endorsed for mayor.
Im astounded how people can want a conservative and go for three fake conservatives. Only one answer:
Okay,sorry guys I wasn't here in twitter for a long time because I forgot my password but now I have fixed it..
Riding with is a test in both will and physics.
After the release of Adobe Air 3.0 Extensions, developing games/apps for mobile using the Flash Platform seem to be an option now.
Unexpected sight of the day: aggressive Prius driver.
I think is the biggest Mahomie no matter what. She has been there from the very beginning(:
Welcome to the human zoo
Let's Go
I've been trying to fix myself lately , but because of it I feel like I'm drifting from the people I'm closest with..
RT Cambridge's Capsicum Framework Promises Efficient Security For UNIX/ChromeOS: An anonymous reader writes "Commun......
I hear christian makes up a lot of jokes
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2.
I think of the same thing when I look at my balls, there amazing and phenomenal
I know Michele Bachmann is a mean girl and a fascist, but I thought "Windbag Spice" was pretty funny.
Niggas talk shit and them shells flyin at you
If dm isn't working you can email
So looks like I missed out on some star gazing ? :( I will try again tho #NoJoke it sounds Awsome :)
Linking of text and audio is a critical need - especially for language learners.
wants to remind you: "you can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes......you just might find......you get what you need"
Just wanted to stop by and say HI! I'm getting the car's oil changed and they have internet access!
FRIENDS don't let FRIENDS #VOTE #REPUBLICAN - Take our red states back to BLUE
RETWEET IF U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS [FOLLOW THE BEAUTIFUL FOR AN INSTANT FOLLOWBACK && 250 NEW FOLLOWERS]
peruvian dish? um well idk theres one peruvian resturant I always go to call punto peru, but I only get the fries
Always great to see you! Exciting to hear about everything you're working on.
Wow. Thank you. So very sweet of you. You have no idea how much i appreciate it and I hope you are right.
Reading "The Breath of a Wok" and feeling super psyched about Chinese food dinner party.
Wow, Phil is ACTUALLY calling out grandparents in his demo. This reminds me of that Florence Henderson site.
thanks Kendall!! Miss you!
Nice salon concert tonight with john randall.
me too hubby tilled an area for me!
The King is on point!!
#Boston Kebab House is now on #Belly in the Financial District! You can earn enough points to win a trip to Turkey!
TIRE CHANGE
lol my bad bro
lol okay..... Come get us so we can spend tha night!
Getting a chance to upload my phone pictures from my older tweets.
do you know what time..?! xx
Bored as hell!
I'm afraid we mostly deal with African American art and objects. You might try asking the Smithsonian African Art Museum!
And turned and took 2 steps. No slo mo needed. RT : He caught that pass bitch
Get in out of the wind at the Nob Hill Shop & Stroll tonight. We'll be sampling hot teas from !
Go to www.miracle16.com!
I am starting a Peyton Manning to Baltimore Ravens rumor because sometimes rumors become truth.
Thanks for the help! We can't wait for this weekend! Happy Holidays!
have fun!
Woo hoo Man-city! Great win!!!
Sorry I missed you when you were at GU, I was flying out to Chicago. Next time you are in D.C.?
almost forgot. no sour cream?
Who wants in on the next photo contest? Who will participate?
that statistics show that more 16-25 yr old males watch more porn in the morning than eat breakfast .... thought it was funny
Fifth time cycling but back online at the moment. We'll see how long it lasts.
Shallow men believe in luck strong men believe in cause and effect
Mark Johnson: "Don’t make the machine into a magic box: the blood goes in an whoosh we get DNA information."
You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. Lucille Ball
Tired from watching #americasmostwanted last night via The #sextrafficking story was crazy. So powerful! And I'm pissed.
LET'S GO THE BEACH BEACH LET'S GO GET AWAY!
Haha thanks! Cant wait to have you guys back at a show :) RT : was rocking out to lill Red rooster! Jed brings the heat!
For REAL, for real.
Booth set up at #aam11. Looking forward to the next couple of days. Stop by and say hello.
Ima king no matter how the cards are dealt..
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Plak Smacker Dental Floss and most oral care products.
I really really need a job.
what that ?
Oh great, how was school?
I need to grow both of these but My plans tend to die...
Tell your children, out loud, everyday, that you love them, no matter how old they are.
noice! I've had a lot of personal stuff come up lately so I've been distracted... Still need to finish first book...
I feel like an empty aerosol can
"No government as such is ever in favor of the freedom of the individual." - H. L. Mencken
we are both #nerdy win-win.
I'm made very uncomfortable when people use the word 'shat' colloquially.
more and more reasons to be excited for nyc #2moredays :)
They say the best things in life r free....
great work man, nice to meet you.
Don't tell me to click on your picture on Facebook unless you're naked.
#np young sam - froze and blowed
So u want me to come over, cook, clean put a smile on ur face but only if I'm silent so u can do ur grad studies. Yeah, uh no.
 yah. And cool.
" I love shouting "woo pig sooie""
Stokely Carmichael, aka Kwame Ture, was named the chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee in May of 1966.
Not yet guys, calm down. I can't wait to be a mommy way way way in the future lol
You have no idea how annoying it is to know someone won't come after you when you walk away.
It's funny how sometimes you'll listen to a song the first time, HATE it, listen to it again, and fall in love. Humans are weird.
Is it wrong I'm kinda enjoying this Backstreet Boys/NKOTB performance? Reminds me of being 13 all over again ha!
haha yeah I busted an ex on mine this morning, which is what sprung the thought.
i thought it meant little boy.. Still doesn't make sense. Now I'm insulted 😞
Unless you are being facetious and I am just dense.
I love ! :) you're perfect.
The Beach w/ Leonardo Dicaprio - minus the drama, that place was gorgeous!
no but u can get to know me
Southern sun sets
Did you move back into your tree house?
damn i'll be in jersey too but at KTUphoria -_-
Doing what I do best...styling hair!
Life reinvents itself every time we learn something new, do something we have never done and feel something we have never felt.
The kids prank called me three times while I was at a movie. This is not how you convince me to get you a phone.
The best thing you can do to help the Hubbard's is keep your mouth shut. Stop anyone who talks about it. We're a family, so stop the rumors.
Awww everyone on my tl going to proms or going to see someone leave I hope everyone come to mine!
tells us about "neogeography" in the early years!
Train stations shud deff have glass walls all around the platforms not jus the waiting rooms with slidin doors n heat its deff way too cold!
I wonder if he can even handle 1 chop across the chest? Oh wait, the might be sexual harassment in his case.
People with locked tweets always tweet the best shit
It's the same qualities I require from a man
sweet! Well, #PrettyLittleLiars comes back in June, so I guess they will be my summer shows. :)
This isn't supposed to happen to me!/: I never did anything wrong..
Are those chocolate "shells" the cupcakes are in? How do u make those? Gorgeous!
SOMEONE DM ME I'M BORED(;
Love is much more powerful then lust follow me ya'll
Fear lives in your mind, but only if you let it.
I think that is totes cute (:
Amazing. Not saying it wouldn't work...
I've come across rotting bodies that are less offensive than you are.
March 28th is getting closer every day. Have you done your part yet to Stop the Ban and save medical cannabis in San Diego?
Unless you are having terrible or terrential rainfall your Directv should work. Perhaps DTV needs to peak your system again.
im off all week, let me know, hopefully as soon as possible so i can stop stressin about this shit!
when I watched it I was the only one who noticed cuz my friends are losers
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything.
And twins <3
Things do not change; we change. Henry Thoreau
GO FALL IN A HOLE
I remember when sang to me.>>>
keep trying please
10 years ago today I was in 7th grade health when an announcement came over to turn on the tv
RT : Thor’s battle armor? Nick Fury’s trenchcoat? Which of the #Avengers has the coolest costume?
thank you. Looking forward to that tent today!
uhh the wedding
Long weekend coming.
LOL!!!!!! This Brian McKnight video is so fuckin funny.
Remember to live
Maybe so. I just think a rebuild will be necessary after this year esp. if we lose ZG. Might as well get a jump on it.
Thanks, that means a lot. I'll invite u 2 da wedding :)
is that you?
Good morning #AI! Good luck to my University of Wisconsin colleagues today!
#Legoland California announces it will introduce "The Pirate Reef", a Pirate-themed Water ride & expand "Star Wars" Miniland.
Scrubbed transcripts = too little too late. He needs to own his assholery, throw himself on his sword.
The world is hugged by the faithful arms of volunteers. ~Terri Guillemets
Taking the leap to try out reddit. Any subreddit recommendations from my tweeps?
It is also only correct to watch a music video for the first time in 1080 p HD.
Brokerage Takes on the Goat: Lightning Brokers, a pharmacy and health store brokerage, has just brought on board the Natural Secrets ...
where were you tonight?
Love Sumi! RT : State Bar names Sumi Judge of the Year The Wisconsin State Bar Association announced Dane County circuit court
There is nothing more entertaining than reading tweets that were meant to be embarrassing text messages.
I just saw somebody with "I GOTTA P" on their license plate. I wonder what that means..
I really hate when people dont give me the attention I deserve! A text msg doesnt take that long 2 send.
no, I haven't!
thank you hun.
I ain't reading the word right now bro but I'm worshipping. The walls group-make me over ft. Nakkita clegg foxx on youtube
Judge Mike Petty of Cedar Hill needs2be removed or disbarred! Its not right wut he is doing to kids&families in his crt! Its ab LAW&JUSTICE
thanks for the RT!
Man oh man how I love my originals. Watching Looney Tunes of classic Warner Bros. <3
Go Gov Christie! What a great leap putting those paper laws into action!
scheduled the date without telling anyone. Totally screwed over several people and the medical organization. Total bs.
Anyone know front-end dev's who would want some occasional work?
#OWIF: Richard: "I love you, man, but my girlfriend's family is staying with us and I can't have any of your shenanigans this week."
u got the hook up for the low? hook a nigga up 250!!
Thank you for bringing me this presentation with limited commercial interruption.
is working to reschedule clients. Enough of this weather already.
Deleting our texts makes me feel like I'm deleting evidence.
We wish our followers nothing but the best in 2012! Continue to be great and nothing less than that!
My Love Is Wur It At !
Breaking News: Watch Family Guy Season 10 Episode 19 Mr. &amp; Mrs ...
In what should have been self-evident, I discovered last night that North Hollywood strip clubs are completely and utterly worthless.
Being someone's first love may be great, but to be their last is beyond perfect.
yeah you're right. hopefully ill be throwing tucks by the time i get back lol well im going to bed night see you at school
did i just see #ghettyimages on #thepitch?
"Don't you wanna dance, say you wanna dance, don't you wanna dance. Oh I wanna dance with somebody."
I told u I would
miss you! <3
Food :D
Radio Personality of the Year - Barry G
hahah thank you
I'm freakin' hungryy. I wanna cook something (: But at the same time I don't wanna move.
yeah im down if you scoop me up from doral lol
I want to eat at Portillo's for lunch but I have lunch at 10 and it's closed. ;(
Coffee... Need lots of it.
home safe peeps!
Y'all getting pumped for the upcoming event?! "Off the Grid." July 11th.
In the cab headin to JFK. It's been one hell of year that surely warrants a summer in Florida with the fam.
#caps, playoffs.
Talking to 7th graders bc you can' t find friends your age.
yes, there is a fee $7/month
My nigga Paul fuller be snapping
I'm sick of article submission sites, realizing social networking is far more powerful as an SEO tool.
Bf3 looks really good
Signed up for twitter today--learning how it works
big time response happening today. He tweeted an ALERT late last night that he was going to unleash. I'd listen to pod if I was u
Can people stop bitching about Latos now?
haha dude! im just awesome like tht xP
Ohio finally coming together.... Better late than never for
Congrats to Bill Haas!
RIP Junior :(
Had such fun! My pleasure. Thanks for helping make it awesome!
Yeah he is making some BIG changes but it's all for us and we should be happy for him.
#BasicQuestion: Twitter behavioral scientists, when dealing with collinearity, how often do you regress on principal components?
Thanks for supporting the Mission and serving the homeless!
"feelings of knowing": when we're certain we can find the answer by continuing to think about the question.
yeah, but you're a hater.....I'm a lover
An eclipse of the sun- japan inundated with tsunami.
Life is a action sport...participation is a requirement!
I miss Ricky Smiley in the mornings
Failure to start is the seedling of fear. Fears can & do sink us, leaving us living a “less than” life. Don't let fear postpone your dreams.
“ LIFESIZE MIRROR 8wks on BillBoard Jazz Charts
#hashwagon NEW! Whoop! Whoop! Proud of self for making up new word :)Group hug...Oops, multiple personalities 2B only expressed in fiction.
Got my TICKETS & MEET AND GREET for on 8/11!!!! #greatestwomanonearth #winning 😝💗👍
#mettaworldpeace has been watching a little too much playoff hockey
Anthony Davis will be on Jimmy Kimmel on Thursday
who has a modem, it's 2012? Guess people who make jokes like this...
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER... at RIO... & at KLUSOZ.
i'm back!
they betta stop playin shitty & be more aggressive go C's 🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀
Wow the Kings scored? Color me surprised
for a limited time u can find our newest, sweetest flavor, sweet potato at
My mom is an elementary school teacher and taught sisters named Peaches, Cherry, and Tangerine. Not even joking.
do i know you ?
Now Ii Just Cooked some Bacon!
I hate you cramps :/
Thank you and absolutely!
Back when I ran a blogging tips blog, I never paid a cent to designers.
Billy Joel wouldn't be so goddamn broke if he was man enough to tell that asshole to put cash in the jar instead of all that fucking bread.
Co-worker of Gordon's called. Dwight's not happy about it. Not sure what to do about that. Have to go pick up Hermia now.
RINO!": I am a Conservative: Liberals C your individual rights as an obstacle 2 their power. They are PETTY fascists.
Should i be a model?
Going to check out the video now. have to wash this lovely curly bush tonight! Have a blessed day sister.
so annoying. Always.
You're making my heart stop beating. Please don't let me down.
Can't wait! For #SomewhereSafer by produced by , tomorrow!
i remember this dude from way back at Mount Comfort
love u
Stick with me, Jerry.
thank you gentlemen! really appreciate it.
glad you liked it - it was a lot of fun
I wish I was there! That sounds better than where I am.
sire hook cpope up with a performance slot for June 23 n if available no bs
Want to save on your next ticket purchase? 5% off your next Hockey game. Just use discount code "twitter"
I know, but it still makes me happy.
HANDS. GO. UP. andtheystaythere.
This American Life episode RETRACTION is freaking riveting!!
Whts up sexy ar u zambian.
Tonight is Charleston night for America's Most Wanted! Cases include Dan Hiers out of Mt. Pleasant, the Santa Muerte murders out of...
Her cellphone's name was Luka. It vibrated on the second floor.
Love it!!
Right on. If there's anything I can do to help, holla.
loving' the profile pic.
Even the female Santa twirlers are good.
WTF is Corey Hart doing? That guys brain is the size of a peanut. You idiot, even if that drops, you wouldnt have made it to 3rd
Just want to give a shout out to who were kind enough to donate a Voyager pedal during our showcase at last week!
Alabama Crimson Tide 3/8 ′ Script ‘A ’ Post Earrings – 10KT Gold Jewelry
“: Getting ready for VCDX bootcamp at #VMwarePEX with and a few other really smart guys.” <-- same here!
Off to #SHEAR2011 in Philadelphia. Come to the President's Plenary Session at 5:15 pm!
I live in Jakarta, Indonesia, With my mom and my sisters. I'm 15. I was born on March 1, 1997. Where's your dad?
#fridayreads it is time for The Cut by George Pelecanos! Can't wait.
Excited to be at #FemTechNet with an awesome group of feminist theorists/makers
....where is Kimmy when you need her??
nothing to say to Squeal of Fortune?
Warm up the bus
It's downright balmy outside.
How's everyone doing today? :) Going to be dropping a mixtape this summer hopefully studio quality. Hit me up for collabs. Love ya guys <3
what u doing at a pageant?
8 runs in 4+?? Lackey needs to check himself. Tito should have said "Seriously? Give me the damn ball."
>>>> does not come up when I go to click on it to follow
- what working on this takeover strategy..what it do?
yeah - I have to do the 3rd grade trick of replacing the its with "it is." Alphabetizing requires I sing "A, B, C" as well. Sigh.
voted and voted u are amazing!
“: hi chip!!” aww thanks for the love!!! You have much love from the East Coast!!! 😊 I need to get back to LA
You'll be fine ;D
but i know you miss me, too. do you have to go to chicago anytime soon?? #milwaukee is calling your name :-)
Only in South Florida you can hit up the beach mid-December
Need to extend those deals! - heading to Indy?
#Awake is so good, I almost don't wanna watch it anymore
shit i cant afford a bus pass.. and i gotta car and they cuttin routes man
Recently a customer requested Black Tea w/ Rose Petals. heard you and has whipped up a batch of limited edition here....
bored!!! someone tweet me!!
Patrick and I are filming grilled icecream for WeSun
returning tomorrow to get the music up to par! Get to Moorea early, open 11-7pm!
"What's in the Works" -Tune in to 94.9, "The River" around 7:05am today to hear about changes to household hazardous waste program.
Me "can I donate blood?" dad "are you getting money for it?" me "no" dad "no we live in a capitalist system"
$60 to fill the #SAAB.... That hurt.
saw a girl eating a Hot Pocket and enjoying it??
i wish we didn't have to go to school and we were just born smart. i wonder how life would be then....
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???...
that's what we get for copying it from someone else's tweet and not double checking.
Super home sale. com
Rondon Triple Double once again!
u would...if i didnt kbow u or know what u looked lile.ide think u were fat af hababa
That was epic live TV!!!
Hello everyone! :D
i know a few meet me in the morn ill introduce you RT Research shows that 1 in every 200 people is a psychopath.
Dont you go to to eat? Seems tailgating defeats part of the purpose.
Love it! RT : Yes! Live, Learn, Engage - UWWResLife and Connect, Achieve, Succeed - UWW FYE.
More numbers!!!!
To be an effective ball-handler, keep hand on top of the ball & pound the dribble. Ball should hit floor & be back in your hand immediately
M&Ms for breakfast and Game 7
The best is yet to come.
I won't be the first one to talk...
strep is tough...take care...hope u feel better soon
I'm hoping for an Elwayesque send off Manning and can't wait to see him in a new uni in
And I say to myself, it's a wonderful world. - Louis Armstrong
Interesting to compare comments on Obama's gay marriage announcement on NYT and WashPost. NYT's more articulate, less talk radio-esque.
Join us at 5:20 today in the ASC for a Lunch & Learn on APA Citation
Need developer-#drupal #javascript #php experience for spinoff #tech co. Software platform/software as service. email
Walking home from the gym @ 7am, I walk past a teenage kid waiting for his bus...straight up smoking a joint in the open. Good morning!
Thanks for the shout out today!! Will you be sending me a quote soon?
I use Echofon, it's easy to use, and has all the options as using twitter on your laptop
sure am. Because of you and Pete, we cheer for the St.Louis Cardinals too. Not to be confused with the local Cardinals here
woohooo yay willow smith and jaden smith one for young award :D
Dear please capture said punch & tears on video camera #priceless RT Dear - if u text me
Good morning, starshine... the earth says hello!
i wanna add a big card to my collection so i might sell a lot of my stuff
Baby should get two grades. One for before Dwight got injured, and one for after.
Work on a Sunday, fuck. At least it's with
I fear with all the in fighting - it will be a steep climb. We need to get Scotty out!
is hosting a contest right now..and the winners get a killer, awesome prize pack of new Night Owl Custom Apparel clothes!!
a girl! Her name is Riley Hall
I hate you! Lol no I dont I love you, but congrats girly! Have fun! (:
New Long Island City huge loft $1700. per month.
Hopefully has a great time watching glee tonight!
We're fans of a simple "haha" or "hah," depending on how hard you're actually laughing. Maybe even "I'm laughing out loud."
excuse me i can't hear you, the motorcycle gang in my neighborhood is driving by...
or at least a pillow...I understand
If One Direction wasn't famous & they lived near me, I would kidnap them & keep them in my closet. They would pretend to be turtles...
I am so riled up after that conversation that there is not a chance I am going to be able to sleep. Ugh!
All my followers will probably wake up around the time I finish my second soccer game today -__-
thats right somebody put her accident on the internet too..kinda weird sigh so sad so sad she's missed
Made one!!!
everyone must follow ! Her tweets are amazing.! I love them.!(:
Multifamily Brokers: We offer 10% of year 1 fees for referrals.
#FF follow him & download his new single "country girl (shake it for me)" on itunes, you will NOT be disappointed!!:)
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Hunt for a fugitive parolee in Leucadia who led police on a chase over 100mph before crashing. Live report...
The minute you rid the negativity in your Life is the minute your life becomes nothing but positive ! Life laugh love
In Jan, book carpet & upholstery cleaning in the same visit & get free home pro spotter & Teflon! Or buy 2 rooms Teflon, get 3rd room free!
No, thx for all YOU do! is lucky to have you on his committee! RT : Fantastic job on the page! Thanks for all you do!
As these school days progress, I care more and more less.
And then Aubrey was picked last. Please. I'd rather you sabotage them.
La trip is tuesday can't wait to visit some friends and meet some new ones!
i think parents to be should undergo serious psych testing b4 they are allowed to procreate
Dropping 13 y.o. off at the clock at Grand Central for a rendezvous w/ out of town friends brought back fun memories of my own teenage yrs.
I thought it was Either that or a Motorola Razor lol
come to the District. We have all the good food. And it's making me fat.
tascada shut up!
go up to him and say "I'm so fricken excited! My hips are clenched!"
omg Im soo done with antm! Its funny how alot of people that get elminated are doing way more. You or Alisha should of won!
THE soul is eternal
- thanks for the follow. Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com
ah ik. There were a ton of cops downtown today, im not going to school friday or monday, in seattle they set cars on fire
little tech in museums isn't just about money - tech has to be implemented well + has to add to the exhibition
well, that was an immediate confirmation. it wasn't him. RIP to the other dude.
It feels so good to write fiction again. For the rest of summer I'm setting aside a little time EVERY DAY for it.
Every night I have dreamt of work. . . I have been working too much, but why do I have to dream about it?
Awh hi Katja! ^^ I'm good, thank you. How are you hun? :) & well I'm getting stressed and all but that's how it goes! ♥♥
Happy Mother's Day!! Appreciation for all the past and present moms who birth/ raise our nation unselfishly and lovely all 365 days a year!
Getting ready for day 2 of data driven instruction with 200 catt/ally educators
I hate snow. -_-
Expect your capo in 45mins
YES EVE!!!!!! #Wrestlemania LOVED THAT SO MUCH EVE!!!!!
i kno you'll never see this but you make my heart melt X) <3
Me 2? hmm... #HighShit RT i feel like i smoke slower when i'm alone
I'm in Bio... save mee
lol its in the bathroom
foo fighters, never shout never, the maine, skrillex... yeah haha what about you?
Well gotta hurry up fa work so later Twitter
There are three sides to every story
me too bad I'm in Chicago
Having fun? What have you liked the best so far this week?
lol I know that was crazy ! Lmao good shit!
I've been here before and I love it! I definitely suggest it:).
thanks for checking us out. If you'\re not busy this saturday, we're playing a show in sd. it'd be sick to see you.
Just watched Happy Feet for the first time last night. Did it freak anyone else out, or is it just me?
Hope she's ok & hope you have fun at the games!
just spent 20 minutes trying to log on to a webinar that is being held . . . tomorrow.
I'm not your friend blood, kmt you are annoying lil monkey
sorry to hear that you've been having problems. Can you let us know more details?
so apparently my step sis suppose to be on there....idk but I knew it was gonna be in mexico
If I use that SophiaLoren spaghetti people will just laugh and say You got THAT right!
Thanks for following - welcome to twitter!
sometimes you gotta upgrade that appetizer to an entree
Downfall of working a cash register in hot, humid weather = sweaty money
Going to Seattle next weekend if anyone has any suggestions on things to do & places to see. Let me know....
Howard is the man
Preparing for one heck of an amazing audition on Monday!
lol yo when i heard that hit i SWEAR i thought he died
The sky isn't always blue . The sun doesn't always shine. So it's okay to fall apart sometimes.
God damn it cinco de mayo
Stars and Hollywood Records
keeping the inspiration on, love you girls & us fans know you're going to make it to the finale #What'sYourFlavah? :)
When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
That awesome moment when you realize your phone cover is #glowinthedark !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Exactly! They are a total no-no otherwise.
RT : That blows my mind. HIV still carries stigmas in many sectors, so 2 see cancer as last pref is shocking
Funny TomCrean went baseball too today. #ChanginTheSubject “: ...send me one those #1 Ranked baseball shirts #ohwait”
D1 candidates just got asked question about underage drinking in a specific condo complex. Good times.
xo sweets, sorry if I got back to you but I'm in between cold and exhausted. Good morning!
You know you love someone when you want them to be happy even if their happiness means you’re not a part of it.
So sad I'll miss this one!
I always invite you! You just ignore me!!! Jerk.
#Imagine Zayn kissing your forehead softly and whispering:''I'm so lucky to have you."
You're never too strong to apologize and it's never too late to change.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha this shit is way too funny. Its times like these Bob Helms needs a twitter
High black boots and skinny jeans are not attractive unless you are.
You're not hahah. Don't tell me what to do.
Happy Birthday Pat..Have a God Day!!
Moshing like physically moshing in a mosh pit? :-) Cheers for the follow back. I like watching my friends' back for typos etc.
I was high as fuck & these cops pulled us over lmao
Your first call for help should be to God. 🙌
Thanks for the shout out!
's PAC ad runs clips of father & Grandpappy extolling his long support of Conservative ideals
just read a piece calling it possibly the best camera in the world right now, so perhaps yes. Will def post examples.
7-year-old said she saw SCREAM 4 last night. I still need to see it.
A rally on behalf of Trayvon Martin will take place at the Tennessee state Capitol 600 Charlotte Avenue at noon today.
hey! ! out of miracles already???
those look so god!
I was worried about Adults getting a twitter, but now its all girls that complain.
thanks, Gerardo! still relatively new to this whole Twitter thing....
gotta love the Rodgers' brothers.
feeling like a king and its all thanks ta my queen
Her story is awesome. So motivated. Weird that she's a year younger than me but I want to be like her when I grow up.
Sharks Vs. Eagles Back up!!
I'd take cups & a water fountain, ! But I don't pay $3 for a soda in NYC, and I won't do it in Milwaukee!
RT : You must do the very thing you think you cannot do. - Eleanor Roosevelt
want to know who your real friends are? Fuck up, and see who's still there
Words cannot even begin to express how much I miss air conditioning.
Happy Sunday Morning. Coffee with cream, baguette with brie, husband making crimini & spinach scrambler. Things could be worse.
Im now seeing the obvious.
long distance cheers! I'm just enjoying one as well!
Coffeshop, I love you, but you're killing me with this wedding reception soundtrack
I looked in the mirror and for once I said damn I'm pretty and I can do better
Magic tournament soon :]
I asked her if she liked black guys and she said she doesn't know any and in the Philippines black guys are bad.
Free free free! Come to Ecoclean tomorrow and get your cutoff shorts you've been running around #sxsw in all week.
That shit just ruined my mood.
kiss a perfect stranger on the cheek today; see how they react.
you know the #Mariners are struggling offensively when an rbi groundout is 1 of the runs scored.
madonna has a new sound out how do you like it? # gimmie all your love
Sad, it's not very good. Never have I ever seen that album. Wonder if Rolo has.
Learning to love well-written/educated literature again. I'm so excited about this!
uhm.... Not ur crusty ones. We only liked 2 of the same dudes ?
Thanks for the RT!
You are so sweet :)
Just had 1 of those awkward moments where u run into a person u only know a little but who is ur Facebook friend & u don't know what to do.
Enough rants right now, I NEED sleep asap.
I guess that means you made an A+?
The only reason I ever even turn on the tv anymore is to watch sports. What have I become?
lots of cops showed up to get a bad guy... Like guns blazin... Bullet proof vest right next to the depot omg!! Idkanythingelse
I like how I texted you and you didnt reply
OMG, I got noticed by Taylor:D I legit started screaming, Taylor is famous(;
LA High School Lacrosse . Congrats. RT : “: Got 2 big Wins for Crespi lax today!”
I have a lot of followers who are Britons, Ozzies or Kiwis. Which is awesome.
Go fly a kite, then come visit for your holiday gift shopping! Kids love books too.
All the more reason why legislators should be careful to protect what the state has going for it.
that ain't my style
"Happiness doesn't depend on who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think."
I hate it when people say they're going to kill themselves... It literally BREAKS my heart... </3
Just announced! at The Shelter on 5/4!
Im at the point where i have two options- Suicide or running away
I know, right?! Give my regards to the East Coast- I miss it there!
Mentally preparing myself for this 9 shift one day off work week.
lol hush trick!
Get along or perish.
nada much. Relaxing after a long day of work. That sucks to head back to work for a "work thing"
Awesome. Still working on it:)
PortlandBoatTours.com is 40% funded on Kickstarter! Help us get to 100% by pre-ordering your tour today before prices go up.
I'm so proud. Got up at 7am and I'm actually functional! It's a miracle.
Working on the power point for Chapter tonight.
Aw, thank you! You're too kind. If we can ever help in any way, please let us know!
I might not be able to make that but how are you looking Monday?
Tequila twister pre game for Kulør bar? This might be the best worst idea ever
Night at home watching the best worst movie ever, Ed Wood! Gotta check it out!!
Whether you're tracking the status of a delayed flight, checking up on weather conditions on your destination-check Zamp App
Our FIRST event with the will be released on Tuesday! Stay tuned for updates!!
Yer god damn right, you did! Awesome!
#Bernanke feeling pressure from the
I have no idea!!! I'm with carissa& soon to be allie! You?!
I'm available if needed @ Sara Conte I'm Sag consider me for your project
Ive barely gotten any sleep last night this cold or whatever is makin me mad
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 11
Haven't most salaries increased 300% since 1974 due to inflation?
sweet dreams! setting off for ireland tomorrow!!
Getting sick
Deals of the Day - 300 Trucker Caps with a 1 Color Print $900. Sale ends at 5PM west cost time! customshirtprints.com
on the plus side tough I get to see Sissy for 2 days longer this weekend...this weekend thing just isn't enough time for her to spoil me lol
“: Regarding ur last tweet...yes. Open a shop NOW and put these in it!” yes!
Can I say this? I don't like girl scout cookies.
Check out our new delivery book!
Fuck this I'm out .
at panera bread with my family :] and yourself?
RETWEET --> If You Still Watch SpongeBob (=
Culinary treats from all over the globe at Chef Choi
I know u voted. Who did u vote to come back into the house?
Is a little scared of the jack'O'lantern
Can you PLEASE figure out my Uverse bill? Got hung up on twice "accidentally" by customer support. They'd no clue what to do
#GLP The hardest thing so far about managing my own capacity has been realizing how limited it really is.
Great workshop with Grand Canyon University the other day. They are a great school. Thanks for coming to SD.
Close to 4K fans! Share the Power Cosmic with your FB friends and share this page in your status bars!
people in the #LosAngleles #Fresno #SanDiego #LasVegas and #SanDiego areas, hit us up to help book our tour with
Tomorrow is my birthday. I'm turning 20. Woah.
I just finished writing a piece for containing my thoughts on THE BUNNY GAME, directed by Adam Rehmeier.
Can't wait for the weekend!
Couldn't agree more. :)
I didn't know you could grow facial hair. Did you save your mustache from the mustache party?
This may be the one thing that changes my views on that university.
Thanks for the follow! Love bags but backpacks are better for the back, esp. w/ my 17-inch macbkpro
Minecraft - "Survival Island" Part 1: Precious Dirt
I be thinking bout forever.
sorry were too busy to attend! Have a fun time!
I hate that I have not had time to read comics for about a month now.
just wanted to say I love you
Thanks to everyone who was at The Fine Line last night. It was a blast!
When does everyone get out of school?
haha im french (:
way off the target..
but hey the Rangers have a legit shot to win the cup this year & a Superbowl & Stanley Cup this year wouldn't be bad at all
there other factors but you'll see books written about America's dangerous sprawl patterns, just look at Vegas
I like to use the heat vents in my car for drying my hair and clothes.
Toffee Caramel Ice Cream, Hershey Chocolate Syrup Popcorn and Old Vampire Movies. A definite Tuesday Night WIN
Thank you so much!
What to eat when you can&#39;t stand the heat
Is it bad if I am inclined to like someone more because they happen to be Jewish?
yeah figured it was a non issue being 5 years ago but figured he deserved a heads up. Who you got for the MLE?
It is in your moments of decision that your life is shaped. Develop your decision-making muscles.
Early release tomorrow to catch up on missing work.
420 existed long before that.. I was smoking in celebration of the day when I heard the news :(
Can't wait to get to Wrigley
If the Gronk Man is out it could be bad news for NE. He's virtually the only Non Finesse player they have on Offense.
Honestly baby il do anything you want to💗
oh nos! if leaves, my chic-a-chee notification sound will be so depressing.
yo ill be in sac on oct 14th possibly we should kick it homie
It's friday! yay! Friday!
We may not have been able to enjoy a white Christmas here in So Florida, but we can give the gift of a white smile! www.kravitzdental.com
Two completely amazing events in LA this weekend...
NICE JACKED UP CHOPPERS!
WOW! Congratulations, Emily!!! In which branch did you serve?
You're hugging card stock and talking to your bagel.
Is there a sweeter song than Europa by Carlos Santana? Timeless.
Movies All Night ?<3 I Think So , I Got No Life :/
I feel bad for the guy sometimes
RT : #Salute #SALUTE #SALUTE for the support on your show on last night!
Goodnight Everyone ♥ Sending you Amazing love to you! Have a wonderful day and #HappyThursday! ♥
What's your favorite cover of ours?
it was probably some random douche cranking you.
Cyrus Hardingdescended deeper, throwing the light of his lantern on all sides
Why is he suckin on a pickle like this O.o
Officially a month since we been in the new place!!! :) #LovinIt Gonna have 2 have a housewarming soon!!
Maybe DJ and I could get married. Would that be weird and/or work?
I can't imagine my life without , I love him with everything I have & Florida was the best vacation ever <3
What question would you like to ask Tim Tebow?
I don't personally but I'm sure Sean would know at Hifi. He's from that area.
Busy day for we will have a company meeting later this afternoon...the opening is getting closer.
Love come quick, love come in a hurry. There's Thieves in the Temple tonight. Kicking me in my heart tearing me all a part.
ikr! But twitter is one of the reasons I get distracted and I don't do my hw
Ewww, I have a test next period ):
up to u
agreed!! “: Tattoos are too sexy...... Mm mm”
killed the value with retweets man - keep up the great beats, lose the retweets
D'Angelo's "Chicken Grease" ?
that song pisses matt off...but, it's not dead. we're just gonna pull the ol' arrangement switch-a-roo. it's a brilliant piece of music.
THE WORSE DAY EVER FML -_-
#pii2012 only the FTC representative is not on twitter
Can't wait to work with you! Congrats on your new position with
Down at Manhattan Beach near 6th and Strand among the madness. Come by and hydrate!!
Mondays are the worst.
Back in #LasVegas. I fucking hate Vegas. I can't remember ever having a good time here. Nothing like seeing everything you can't have...
Or don't text back that's cool. Not like I wanted you to or anything...
And trying too hard may lead to a fiasco like the Georgia slavery math worksheet
Time 4 the #writingsprint See you all in 30min. GO! GO! GO!
man....Eric is still cracking me up down here
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 28
How are you spending your black friday? Let's all head to our local record store, buy music, and support local artists!
You might be able to use Automator to do it for you on a whole batch.
Working on the next video blog, who will it be? Stay tuned to find out!
When you eat with crooks you bring ya gun to dinner
Can Liberals explain the #Zombie #apocalypse. Zombies only want to eat our brains.... no compromise
Give thy thoughts no tongue. William Shakespeare
So excited for today's #crawfishboil at ! Who else is going?
#CreativeCloud ok that is sweet! multiple devices
Google+ fan, Share your pot on g+ and your page rank goes up
McCann is awesome, but Hosmer will get it going eventually and I will fly to that person's house and shake their hand and deliver cookies.
thank you <3
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
thanks for following! We post regularly about the fun programs in our as well as special events & programs!
Haven't had a slurpee in a while. 711 here I come :)
What if wealthy would be determined by the amount of simplicity that you achieve in life.
I know! Things are good. Saw Jackson Hole on Modern Family and thought of you. We def need to talk. let's plan a time. How are you?
I know , it's been forever !
Just watched Practical Magic with -forgot how good this one was- soundtrack is one of the best..Mostly Stevie Nicks..love
who's Darren Criss?
Amen! RT Brand Advocates are attracted to REAL, and can sniff out fake in a heartbeat.
boyfriend music video is perfect. seriously
Spring & Crosby, told the guy my name, he goes "aight J-izzle". I proceeded to order a caramel apple spice like a champ
Aww! Thanks!! RT just totally obsessed with you guys. After seeing my gal/lover in LB ... I'm was floored. Fab work! XO
Yes, but how are the schools? And does it have that extra half bath?
Catching Walking Dead on itunes. They just pulled a Breaking Bad-style intro
The #NFL Schedule release is the most over hyped event. I do like all the division games on week 17
proud to part of 7 Grammy noms.Shout outs Bruno Mars,Claude Kelly,Chuck HarmonyJon Jon Traxxx,Ben Chang,Make Moves,Conrad Martin,J Cole&Mez
About half (probably more) of my tweets are RT's
Big bio concert
Tomorrow night at George Duke, Marcus Miller and David Sanborn! Tickets still available 885-5000
i bet
haha i wonder how many are going to do it
Today's Soups: 3 to choose from!! Cheezy Cauliflower, Chicken Noodle, & Chili
NFL Offseason: Cameron Wake Back with the Dolphins Thanks to Joe Philbin
Sadly, no
Late night gym session, to counter those home made cookies...they where worth it. lol.
Where do you get your best curated recommendations??
It's pretty pointless if you don't drink.
Apparently, Combination Train has orders to run express to Ogilvie. Drama! Suddenly the music to Nintendo 64's "Goldeneye" is in my head.
you know what dad just fucking die
S#!T! I have just been validated by #DrOz that swearing relieves stress. Hot D#!
- so, as I remember, you are in florida. Am I correct?
Interesting as I've been unsuccessful in my search 4 the Bugabees 4 #foodallergy week!
People who copy other people for attention <
I'm taking a HUGE test today! wish me luck? xx
Follow your heart?
yes one time when I viited my family in germany..
nice hopefully it's in STL and you can't count us in we'll be there. ... Looking forward to it
Cooking neck bones, beans, rice n cornbread. Yummy
Nothing worse than a cold Starbucks! We go there to keep warm.
So Congrats to its been amazing watching you every week and hey you're america's favorite dancer . . YES YOU ARE! :D
KGS: Software is not a thing that you own, it's a service that you license.
I watched in America on today. He went to the Mustang Ranch. Oh my, talk about your sticky wicket. ; )
I hope summer comes soon cause if it don't I might just go crazy :/
Emailing Catherine to confirm
I'm looking 4 how ur 1st year experience compares to hers, but using all the stuff you've been reading over the semester
I work at nights. Gonna fuck some shit up at UPS tonight!
Silly politicians America's credit rating downgraded for 1st time ever even though you agreed to raise debt ceiling. Stupid in stupid out
Northwood University tonight! Learn and perform Eye Candy by & watch us perform C'mon DJ by at half time!
yep, sounds like fun too!
Out of $550 mega w 10s v AA. Then saw a good 50/100 stud 8 or better game & decided to take a shot. Never played that high. Up $1075 in 3hrs
The misery is over
RT if it's a "Tough Tuesday".
my computer is plugged in and everything yet it's still blinking red wtf.
Thanks for mention!
A day is always infinitely better after a massage :)
#inDanvilleVa The Police Sell Dope, Wear Polo, Fuck Hoes, And Suck Dick Too.
I need to go shoe shopping. Who's with me?
Happy Mothers Day To Momma Latimore Because Jacob Oh Buddy We Love Him!!!
Just so yall know, I was raised so far down a dirt road I used to think ASPHALT is someting wrong with your BUTT
lol. Glad you made it home safe bro
FL Rep. Randolph to run for re-election, state party chair
Not looking forward to a cold run this weekend. I've liked the warm winter we were having
Many thanks for the BtoB tweet and the #FF! A big #FF back at ya for keeping the thought leadership fresh.
hahaha mission aborted.
I am truly exhausted today. Time to mainline this coffee!
#FF Thanks new followers
I saw you at Gee Willies getting gas....lol
Bored as fuckkkkk someone come smoke one lol
Not sure yet. But we certainly hope to come to TO before the Indy #Toronto. Stay tuned for updates here. :)
dude listen to mountain sound by of monsters and men. It's a new song on their album
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
Every child has the right to drink clean water & breath clean air. "We have no time for the tranquilizing drug of gradualism" -MLK
I'm so excited to moderate Tips on Finding an Agent panel at #WLTYA Sat! If you're in Austin, come join us for YA writers only conference!
But, I'm relieved.
Everybody wanna talk like they got something to say but nothing comes out when they move there lips and mothers fucker forgot about Andre
The get a walkoff win and move to 5-12 on the season. There's still hope!!!
HA: Ladies. Can we all agree to stop hovering and sprinkling all over public restroom toilet seats? Keep it neat, have a seat.”
lmao i feel u bro. I'm boutta hit the store swear I feel like doin all tht though
I hate bitches who crack. Ight hoe, look at yuh self! U look like some road kill. Go look onto the mirror
make two dreams come true but following me nd 18
Oct Thu 27 Watching the Deceptives, Diffident Indifferents, Maybe I’m Right You’re Wrong $6
me too! W/ them tired ass church announcements!!
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” ― Mother Teresa
I am down!
I hope everyone knows that Ron Artest is THAT nigga.
It would be typical of the baseball Gods - after Gamel gets his attitude right, an injury. Hope he's OK, really proud of him this year.
me 2! asdfghjkl but your pretty
You can't earn the right to lead if you have not passed the test of discouragement!
My film "Just Like the Movies" just won the Colorado Spotlight short award at the Indie Spirit Film Festival!
I'm not the only one that says that c:
Just learned what a "cockloft" is. (Apparently, a tiny attic or crawl space.) If I ever build a house, I want one.
Saying yes to yourself may mean saying no to others. Shift your actions to match your priorities and success will follow!
-Gays, bisexuals, and lesbians get frowned upon but not someone who's fuckin' their cousin?
#in #BARS12...I am attending the Big Analytics 2012 this Thurs in San Francisco which is sold out.
Concert Review: Beats Antique Bring Spectacle and Energy - OffBeat Magazine
#25 Bro, I don't care what the world says LIFE begins at conception! #GodlyBroTips Psalm 139:13 Jeremiah 1:5
call me asap, I got great news!
Food Fact of the Day: Feb 21, 1931 Alka Seltzer was introduced. The perfect product for the end of Mardi Gras
Juwan Howard's still kicking.
I'm pushing back... foolish? waste of energy?
Tmrw is my last 2 midterms. I was,asked to study. But crap Im hungry & I don't feel like doing shit. -.-
it never gets old
RT : how many days until #BELIEVE ?
yep! It was just on the radio too! :)
RT The love of my life and daddy to our twins - - was born today. I am very glad he was.
very soon, mag is released tomorrow!
If I had it like that I'd hire a driver for the night. Then I could pass out in the backseat w/out hurting someone/getting arrested.
Whts going on with Wade ?
Playland is a go we got the good news today! I hope to see everyone there!!!! July 20th ~myspace.com/xforeverandafterx~
Getting settled in Bologna &preparing for the school year. Excited for research & exploration. Hope to visit and learn in Reggio-Emilia.
tremendous performance after tremendous performance! Your #TheVoice!
Hm, mine was "General Libraries"--kind of boring, but I suppose it bodes well?
thank you man. Much appreciated.
that's what's up my bday is 2morrow I'm having a bbq in a park you welcome to come
thank you for the write-up!
I need to be invited to a wedding so I can wear this dress I found.
With at Epicenter Cafe. A good day.
The three rules being a great player, practice, practice and more practice. You can be as good as you want to be.
I'm sad. is not following me and she haven't seen the pic i made for her :(
I self medicated with beer...all better now.
Los Angeles, CA: I will be @ the Country-Western music benefit gala 2nite. Come up and say hi. Bring toys and canned goods.
One thing working in sales teaches you is patience, especially when dealing w/larger entities. Takes time to grow your blip on their radar.
RT : Just now waking up...smh
How do you track when 1 person is very interested in a home online?
Call call please sinna pesa , I would if I could
Nyquil and earplugs are a hell of a defrag.
Torafugu Association (can't get fugu legally wo licensing from them) has confirmed we r the only restaurant in IL! Come try it!
Text marketing applications; RETAIL, RESTAURANTS, REAL ESTATE, AUTO DEALERS, CLUBS, BARS & PUBS, TEAMS, ETC. www.zesmo.com
Thanks Antonio
It is very helpful when studying. It worked back in the day and is still a great resource.
I'm going to be tweeting off , so follow :)
Nothing like seeing Gary, Jack and Arnie on the first tee at The Masters!
Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar
do while I was at work I hear the song "fuck the police, fuck the police" & even the manager was singing! Lmao I died laughing
Oh hey snow. You're 3 days late.
Holy Crap! Husband wants me to make Falafel. This is the same man that won't eat risotto. Maybe he is sick, or someone stole my hubby.
Baby baby baby baby
why it gotta be so hot
Before you begin marketing your business online, make sure you have a clear set goal and the tools you need to get there.
San Fran needs touchdowns. Field goals at this point will be pointless.
never happend--that's Downtown's turf
R.I.P junior.. my prayers go out to you and your family.. rest easy brotha
Thanks for the follow!
Rondo at the buzzer!
i want you, but i'm going to stop myself from getting attached
If I decide to get the test then I'll probably pay out of pocket. Who knows what my insurance company will do with the info.
“: To nap or not to nap? That is the question. #storyofourlife” what is our life right now? Hahaha
Thanks for the FF! :)
I DONT SHAKE HANDS WITH SUBSTITUTES!
Are you insulted by their laziness or happy about someone actually reading your blog... :-)
Hm wishful thinking Angels but let's suppose saw this tweet and said.... oh what the hell corny joke Friday here we go #yea ...
"Yay! Time for Madonnas halftime show" -nobody, anywhere
Win!! Great job Hawks. Uploading 809 pictures.
pretty please with a 1000 cherries on top pick me
Did UK not watch kU film? The Cats have to get into their offense & finish at the line! The chickenhawks cannot win this...
Pretty good, thanks. Trying to get this next album finished. How are you?
I appreciate all the Laker fans giving their hard earned $ to the
Janet Simons' Agha Shahid Ali site makes clear distinction btw factual/textual and interpretive materials. Key element in DH projects
Don't miss out on our women's self defense seminars! Last chance to register, first one starts this Saturday at 1:00.
Snyder: new NEH-funded software dev project with students, teachers & scholars in mind
And I don’t care if I die poor. As long as I’m famous.
can i be homeschooled or...~
You beat Brandon? I question his skillz now.
Lots of time for tattoos/consultations today! come in and talk to Thomas, Berger, Dana or Dag. John D is also here piercing all day!
Started w/ a new company 3 weeks ago. This vacation is either a very good thing, or the jury's still out. First cut's the deepest?
RT I love riding a bike so that is part of my exercise program when I am dieting or not. Doesn't feel like I am exercising.
RT : That's the #Packers first blocked FG in playoffs since my guy CLETIDUS HUNT in the 2001 playoffs against San Francisco.
Check out our website! We have made it a hub for many interesting musician resources! Poisedcreation.com
Oh the image on your Twitter background of New York city. Um oops. Is that not new? :-)
I love Seattle. In how many other cities would grocery stores not only regularly stock sage smudge sticks, but also often sell out?
I was just thinking of you because I am considering doing something a little special for the MILFs & was considering plucking...
We've a very humbling new video out - it's a preview to a full version out soon. Thanks to Thomas, Ryan & Mike! C every1 next week. - JDG
You're from the UK right? Where's your malt vinegar??
Hey gf! Julie foudy leadership academy is following you :)
Many many thanks go out to all the loved ones, friends, acquaintances, and people that we just met last night at the show for being...
dc represent!
bummer. Good work, sir
Sorry johnny. I think D lee is possibleRT : do you respond to your followers....look for D Lee to be a Brewer
Dennis Martin~ Its the Brady Act taking manpower and crime-fighting capability off the streets.
Thanks Nicole!!
"Babe, we're about to turn this room into a sauna." "Please tell me how you just said that with a serious face." 😂😂😂
Huge thank you to #TEDxMid 2010 speaker who provided us with an update that was played during the conference yesterday!
