My fallback plan is to tie pieces of string around dead grass and sell it on Etsy.
Busy man, busy. We were on last night! Anyone catch us?????
We need to understand that our carnal mind can sometimes be at enmity with God (Romans 8:7). Sometimes faith looks crazy!
Day two at
30 min later the bus is finally here!
Support in her efforts against AIDS. Everyone should check out The Diva Foundation.
This is not a word I throw around lightly, but I just sent out a *slew* of marketing materials.
I was looking at the free list last night, either most of the covers looked like a 6 yr old did them, or I'd read a sample
The advertisements on youtube is very annoying.
I will I hope it will
but I'll love you more.
Yeah buddy make that paper
Nice. All exit row should be like that to allow smooth, uh, escape experience. Which airline is that?
Thank you for the retweet!
Don't forget bachelor & bachelorette reality shows.
Oh, we'll its all for World Peace. That makes it all better then.
So is targeting men with the new Beetle. Any takers???????
I want Luke Bryan's hat
The road to success is always under construction.
Talk to mhe ppl!!!!
HE CAN'T SIT WITH US
they're probably a tad bit heavy.
very well said Awesome Words!!!
Hoping this week goes well
Excellent point/tip! RT : Good tip for staying motivated: Put music rather than TV on in the background.
I look forward to #MidwestThunderStorms all year!
That's dope that's why you always keep your head up!
Right on!
Just got an email from my 8-year old wunderkind of a cousin. "Hi Kelly, Nana urged me to email you, etc." Urged????
Being mean and spiteful takes too much energy and time I really don`t have.Even if I did I have time, I still wouldn`t.
Would anyone in Naperville get a tattoo with me this summer?
I love that new glowing bike commercial. wonder how much of that is CGI vs. paint or something. very cool.
It's 's Spring Tasting today from 2-6. We're pouring at 1st session from 2-4. 5 great wines to try. Cheers!
Cliff Lee - almost 70% of his first pitches are strikes.
SCHIZZLE - My rep from just dropped off killer samples from Uruguay to Slovenia is gonna have a cool list
Not only is that salary horrifying, but requiring knowledge of trigonometry? This is a joke, right?
Twittered out.
I want to have a day of watching movies I had not seen and love like: look who's talking, Vegas vacation, I love comedey
yes ma'am!
wake me when it's over.....
Ur not fucking me financing me or feeding so stfu
If a white family adopts a black child, putting a leash on their kid is no longer an option.
Sad to hear Carlos Moya is retiring.
should go to wood street gallery, the andy warhol museum, the inclines chill at the point, hang Downtown, go to the Zoo
I was saving the city from criminals ok.
would that be Stephen's Dark Tower
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. ...But if the doctor is cute forget the fruit.
btw just went through another bottle of your dads hot sauce it's so fuckong amazing
Santa Maria Novella today and Uffizi tomorrow.
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;) #follow?
wow. that awful moment when your prince chops off all your magic hair...
If your not listening to the Joe B & Denny show your missing out!!! Denny is on a dag'um roll!!!
LMAOOO. But yeah, I just went through this during spring (it's still not totally done). Can he do part of it now (+)
I wanna see The Lucky One like right now
Fortunately, I'm friends with Brad Pitt. Yoenis will be ours by the end of the night.
classic......wow i'm annoying hhaha it's okay i only do it to my sassy friend jenna.
looks like i might actually only be in Augusta for this week....
had a greeaaat time last night! Thanks for the tickets and tshirt. Can't wait to see this epic premiere. :)
Right that's why I think that term is stupid waste of two characters.
I'm getting my diet on point, workout program straight, and motivation level all the way up!
... I know it's vague and I won't say why. I'm just disappointed in what I just saw on his TL that's all.
Yes. RT Can Superman outrun the Flash?
Did you enjoy the discussion?
contacted flip video people about working a deal - they blew me off. but sony didn't - they are good folks.
Congratulations for the MVP. Everyone played well.
- are you drinking tonight? Score is 6 to 5 according to the TV!
just mauled the lawn.
love it ;)
Always wondered if I would fall in love... Juss not for me I guess...
disappointed in ya, north carolina
So much parks and rec
You think life as a woman is hard? Try peeing with an erection
This is awesome! I'm thrilled about the idea of a "pond" read.
Totally understandable. =) Best wishes to your sister.
thank you for sharing this on your blog. I have been co-sleeping and getting so many shaking fingers!
Thanks to twitter I feel like I know people here I've never met. Nice to shake hands w/
"swimmers" great piece man. Hope cbus is treating toy well
Thank you for the love and support!
My prayers go out to whitney houstons daughter and family... she will be missed but live on forever in her music...
Spent a great day with friends on the set of The Suite Life on Deck. Now I'm sailing. :)
Yes, that trial gives our local news such opportunity, doesn't it. I don't know. So many types of ignorant; so little time.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
of course u can baby
The sample in that song is Ella Fitzgerald's, How High The Moon...
I need that FOX on your head!
Sorry folks. My gig at Tim's Tasting room in Yakima Oct 23rd is postponed until he reopens with his new liquor license. Thanks!
RT : Every time I come to IA I fight w/ at the playground. She wants 2 play on the Monkey bars but I want to play Tag
hahaha...they can babysit me:)
Haven't talked to or in a while ! I wonder how they're doinn .
Indeed. If it'll fit within my 50 minutes.
I'm glad you had a great time tonight. You and sauli looked fierce :-)
thanks Matt!
not many people can say this but... i really enjoy my job.
Wow. I'm surprise the refs gave Wade a flagrant.
so exactly like an iPhone but...umm...bigger? More importantly, it looks a bit like paul o'grady
Tweet me a number and I'll tweet you a song lyric. Try and guess the song!!!
Bout to book me a flight to Atl
Send em to , he's a thick or thin fan! (NOT talkin bout his lady choices either)
is out of control tonight!
Cool! I'm sure the weather is perfect for it too. Am envious. Enjoy, my friend!
it's 1pm EST
7 hours 45 min from runk to my front door in Nashville. If I leave at 8 am CST I think I can get there by dinner ...
That whole "just sayin" shit is really starting to get on my nerves. The time for it has passed. Let's move on.
Haha my 3 yr old sister started screaming PSanders and A-Meezy in the supermarket!!! She love and <3
On Draft Now... Brewer's Art/Flying Dog Collaboration Brew Table for Two. Belgian yeast and local Honey. Yum!
Someone i trust and tell everything to even though we dont talk 24/7
I am so upset that the gays are destroying the sanctity of marriage. At least we still have role models like Kim Kardashian.
Just thought pepper spray was hand sanitizer....
I really need to start working on my blog.
when you comin back to the bay
Going to see the doc today. I've had a this weird cough that hasn't gone away after two months....
omg miss look at your hair I love love love it!!!
~ I'll definitely be there! Looking forward to meeting you.
or slightly hate less when he's on your team
Just finished reading "Heaven is for Real." Bought it this morning and couldn't put it down. It's a must read!!!
Happy happy happy. The world is a beautiful place. Things fall in place. Homeless and poor but more fulfilled than ever.
Seen through the window Crape myrtle tossed in a storm by the heat pump fan
Fuck your thoughts !
RT : GOD is GOOD
Speaking of The Avengers (which I'll be seeing at 8 tonight), why don't we rank the Marvel Studios output thus far. Hmm, let's see ...
Wow. She should the the fuk up!
sweet looking set up!!! Do work!! Send us some pictures of your results
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 61
I'm not sure if it is, but there's a game on at 115, USA and Switzerland :)
As the largest organ in our body, we owe it to ourselves to take great care of our #skin!
Oh no! May the curative powers of #lbf12 (...?) be with you, !
Well my Twitter people I'm going to go to bed so maybe I'll tweet tomorrow morning or on Sunday, HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
“Myriad” is a noun or adjective (“myriad ideas”), but don’t use it for merely “many.” It means countless or an extremely big number.
Oh my god my mom is over here playing the same sound effect on her phone irritating the hell outta me. She's worse than a 2 year old! -__-
presents?! Yay! I just went to the Craft Revolution exhibit at Mingei and thought of you the whole time.
Really pompous tweet. They broke story before you. Man up. Give credit. RT : Am looking forward to YES crediting ESPN.
I really think the can sneak away with a win tonight in the ATL. Sooper pumped!
Ponzu is slightly more complex, but for the purposes of the recipe you could sub w/ 2 parts soy, 1 part lime, 1 part mirin.
RT : Orphan works candidate list now live. Are any of these yours? W.lib.UMich.edu/orphan-works
you make me happy ily.
I cannot WAIT for the big gay weddings that will commence later this year! Is everyone preparing their wardrobes?
I'm kind of sweet and fake like splenda, topless on the beach you can call me kendra
#England General Hooker was classic American hero until he quit drinking...GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
My #twitter #account got #HACKED. Apologies for anything weird that happened, it was not me. I hate #hackers! #badkarma!
I thank you Fans Friends Followers Club Bookers Radio Programmers Website Owners Critics Reviewers Haters & Lovers! Going UP!
"JUNK SCIENCE OF MANNADE GLOBAL WARMING". Really!? #santorum keep your head in the sand. please make that a central issue. Please!
This shit is getting ridiculous.
Got so use to the company that being alone doesn't even feel right.
"Keep Alive the Dream" is the largest tribute in the State of Oregon and has official designation from the Natl. MLK Jr. Holiday Commission.
Nope. The guys signing the contract aren't Omar.
3 more days & the ORIGINAL HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL will b here!!!
Everyone check your "other" messages on Facebook!! I just did and found the most wonderful message from someone who loved my book!
Another busy day of #teacher shadowing and curatorial work at two galleries. I #thrive on hectic days.
Memo to parents out there: Us kids know how much you love us & don't want us to leave, but if we're looking at out-of-state jobs pls support
great episode!
The guys fixing our AC at work were just witnessed stealing a bike from the alley behind our store.
Finishing the mastering for Juan Herrera's 8-song Latin CD today. Also authoring a DVD for Michael's (the craft store chain).
Yes it is an amazing place!1 Hope you can make it hear one day!!! I am 24!!
RT : Great play by just now.
everybody i kno real.. fake people r strangers
Stopping dribble penetration. Been an issue all year.
of course I did..wink wink!!!
Candy corn ice cream is a thing, and I am making it for Halloween.
I utilized that strategy when I departed the Dolphins a few years back. It's the only way to go.
Perhaps you should consider hair extensions — they can add volume and texture to your hair to reduce the appearance of hair loss
People say girls are attracted to guys who are like their fathers. Not me. The guys I date call me back.
Goodnight everyone!! Have a blessed sleep and night!! God bless!! =D
enjoy your weekend my sister....PEACE!!
Here's an #OCCUPY trivia question--> Which famous person spoke at #OWS on day ONE? (Long B4 any other famous peopl paid any attention to us)
I keep hearing about that book, but haven't read it yet. Someday!
Michelle really hopes so too!
Good luck big guy...we will party hats with some BL Margs and Nums next weekend. A tribute to bold flavors, you guys.
Ok I can smile now!
RT : I am allergic to negative people! How about you?
wont letme watch the vid on mobile.I dont really like anyone on idol this year.But that girl who sang whitney houston is great
I think there's a guy on the bus that I graduated high school with. I was about to find out If it was him but then I remembered I don't care
Really looking forward to seeing tonight. Got a ticket for the sold out show thanks to & !
I've just been told I need a fondu sippy cup... I love my friends.
We're excited to see you and your mom on the way back (if you come this way)!
omg thats so cool! be careful with your number on the internet tho... trust me iknow from an expierenceeeee :/
Hey Britain, your taxpayer money paid for for the $70 million royal wedding today! Did you even get any wedding cake for that hefty bill? :)
LA today was like a milder version of Pompeii circa the Mt. Vesuvius eruption: light ash and pyroclastic surges.
Harmless and sophomoric, unless you count the rape-like woman's skirt game. UGH.
Just bought #christmasgifts galore at the gift shop! And maybe a few things for myself...
Dealing with people is possibly the hardest difficulty you face, particularly in case you are in business.
I like it like that :)
I'm not sure, but it kinda looks like.
omg I'll be right there!
RT @ ilDonnieli -u missy out on here yo <<<< I know man, I need 2 get on here more lol!
if you respect me, then i'll respect you
Eek. usually talks me down at times like that (any thoughts, Mark?)
So on fire so in love. Way back when we couldn't get enough. Remind me, remind me
THe same as you, are u still doing nursing?
Its all comin together, new sound, new artist, new deal, new life. I'm actin brand new...
Everytime someone sends me a stupid link im unfollowing.. they're ridiculous!
when exactly did jtk get a twitter account? Oops -- better be careful, he might see this post.
Good Morning Gals! Can you believe that it's Halloween weekend already!? November is right around the corner ;-)
RT Smile, it's not really that bad.
Bro, if you & your Princesses, including your lady ever wanted to do a real Bobsled run w/ some Olympians holla at me. (2/2)
Mel we're best friends. We go way back, how can you forget me like that :(
chinese cooks dog when they cannot find chicken
Bess hasnt done anything yet, I like McGahee this year, curious to see a healthy Broncos D tonight too
Arab citizens gave found their voice and there is no going back
Great quote "Despite being king, content is often treated like a peasant." -
SAVE THE WAVE MIX! A good way to wake up.
“: I'm pretty sure every1 in the wolfpack is in a hot bath It was so cold. But worth it :)” The suspense us killing me!!!!
please vote for to play NYC's JINGLE BALL! www.eventful.com/z100 thanks so much!!!
“ !!! We would break necks! Lmao” breaking necks while snappin caps on the Raging Bull
#thoughtsduringschool I have no clue what in the hell my professor is talking about.
Bar tonight..oh yea
I have been watching LOST all day. Shit is intense and addicting!
What's really sweet is when Alex Trebek says, "You are correct, of course." Of course! I mean, what fool...
Gay my bro got tickets to Lmfao but u have to be 21 and older fuck that
Never ever allow your today situation to scare you from achieving your goals, because the most high God has a purpose for your life.
I think it comes out next week! PS- so excited to see you girls down there!! cc:
“Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson
speeeel check #movie. ;D
Can everyone plz fallow me ? i will return the favor(:
I love it...girl I'm in Atlanta. Never thought it would be this hard to find a "church home" in Atlanta!
How active is in ur admin? Duz he inform ur #same-sexmarriage views?
": The Bulls games on ABC has been horrid..."
so true RT : #B makes long-term friends. They don't do shallow people.
Perfect summer night: beer and burgers discussing upcoming Honey Bee Festival. Mark ur calendars for Sept 17!
#OneThingILove seeing you smile.. because of me.
haven't gotten it yet :(
where are you looking for apartments?
I just have my iPhone account which is the lavendergirl68 one that you are welcome to add if you ahven't already. TBC
Leslie at Kerbey Lane? Oh??!! Leslie in the red tutu?
I'm flexible as long as it is not on a Thursday.
Don't get too attached, dude.
Awesome!!! Great life lesson ;)
Congrats! Who are the guests?
I'll be there! RT Flamenco Tuesday!! Bootcamp Footwork 730 & Upper body 830!! See ya there @ The Pink Flamenco 1111B Chicon
Thank u sir. I actually read about your Bianco before I tasted it. But my husband would love your Manhattan recipe. Do u share?
Surgery like now. Nervous. Wah. /:
Did you have your mojito yet??? Its not too late! $5 mojitos
agreed, though I'm not sure I like the anti-Slave-Leia bias...
Teach your kids right from wrong before they know how to say right from wrong
Rep. Irv Slosberg and Junior League wants everyone to TWEET Speaker of Florida House n say WE NEED TO PASS BOOSTER SEAT BILL!
Shaq more dominate
Me too! Just poring over my notes from all the speakers today. This was such a high value event.
Working on some exciting musical projects for 2012 with a variety of wonderful artists & musicians...
Sadden to hear the lost of a HS student (17yr. old girl, passenger) involved in a high speed car crash a mile from my house.
You too Bruce!
i just added all my followers again L YA
I want an ice cold dr. pepper
and you don't?
Ahh I don't if I'll make out at night lol day drinking is crayyy
It can be a pain at times, but I managed to get 3 monitors on an AMD GPU.
The Buffalo Bills signed Vince Young. Dream Team baby!
no y
you were missing all last week! And study hall was awful!
Christmas Eve <3
Piks Of Me And Him In Ah Min Aint Nun New!
This could be a hacker talking : it's legit. :)
I sleep right through thunderstorms. Crazy lightning and thunder these last few nights? What?
Writing Inspiration for the day: We all have role models. Mine is the stegosaurus. Name 10 people who have influenced who you are & why?
ur in Paris?! I so wish I was in Paris!!
Photo shop
That "extraordinary anger and resentment from the Right" has a name …
The first tenet of guilt-driven development is to use words strong enough to make the listening party feel as guilty as you need them to.
YES and using the remote with no stickers and having it constantly show closed captioning
Listening to Kix because I grew up in NOVA.
Unsettled #weather is coming to #NewMexico! I'll tell you all about it tonight on #KOB Channel 4! You won't want to miss it! :-)
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not attack, seduce, nor attempt to eat members of another delegation.
Good evening, what's up with everyone this fine day?
your teacher told on you!? Ew wtf, can they even do that!?
YES! RT : Obama: Here in America, our story has never been about what we can do by ourselves. It’s about what we can do together.
minions. I want minions.
yes. i agree. the first song is My Favorite Things, done Nice and quiet.
Just arrived at the Sepulveda #Vets center, about to play some Bach for a therapy group on PTSD.
was he weird!?;)
Gym at 830 go to sleep
Thanks to Everyone Who Came Out To the Show on Saturday Night At PEPPERS in Broad Ripple!! We Had a blast with all of you!!!
Let’s get WOOKED up tonight! Join us as brings the funk to our house for a night of shenanigans.
Creating a #ustream page soon they seem pretty cool :)
Ew Justin Bieber is ew. I don't like him. And neither should you all. I still don't even know how he has more fans on his fb page than MM
Chess pie, pineapple upside-down cake, choc fondue, s'mores bar
Mos Wanted, that was amazing.
please follow me!!! please please please XOXO
ahah, i figured that out after i sent that, felt so dumb, well thats still awesome! we need to get to the W coast!
Ah, thanks. Unfortunately, no cable. And I don't particularly like the news.
Can't imagine how hard it must be to work as a comic. Acting/modeling can be very difficult, but comedy - wow.
yes! Come early though!
in the #treacherous trailor
"Keeping the dream alive" by Munchener Freiheit, such a great song. It still inspires me.
Dats true. They need to calm down also
I also have a puppy now
You're absolutely right, Chris. Thanks! The Hampden pop up is going on now till 7pm at 2906 Keswick Rd
I'm disgusted. He didn't offer you a drink?
finding a balance between politically fierce and spiritually grateful is a life challenge
Lapsit for Prewalkers is being offered every Tuesday in March at the Main Library at 10:10am. Pre-register online at 282-4607.
Workout program is officially beginning in 14 min aka tomorrow
Beautiful day stadium with and our wild boys! I guess I'll keep them.
Bobby Abreu to Indians could actually happen. Manny Acta is big on high-OBP guys, and Abreu has always been that.
#kids Diary of a Worm, a Spider, & a Fly at Baker Theater, Sat, May 19 1:30p: The coolest ever rock-n-roll romp in a bug's world,...
my phone is randomly unfollowing people! At least im making it right and following the people back again!
Awesome RT : If your kids have pubic hair, you don't get to pre-board the plane.
I think a good goal in life is to avoid having anyone you know see you using a Coinstar machine
Thats just how it is & gone always be
Many many thanks to for everything he's done for us!
Just finished two huge assignments. Now onto the next paper. Ugh.
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
But you're our little nerd <3 :) Hahaha
Long as the morning head is good, I'll be up with a smile on my face ;)
thanks Chris
Unfollow me. Complain. Once again, idgaf.
is in need of two collegiate females to work as administrative assts this summer. Email resumes to
I kind of figure it would get like this...
Thx so much“: I love my armband. Everyday I am plugging my band in trying to beat yesterdays vigourous activity minutes”
#Imagine Niall calling you in the middle of night. Niall:''I couldn't go to sleep without hear your voice. I love you babe.''
Someone new tweet me and start an interesting conversation!
I need a nap
Only you, you're the only thing I'll see forever. In my eyes, in my words and in everything I do.
Wow. RT : Sen.Claire McCaskill Getting Beefed Up Security After Tea Party Activist Declares ‘We Have To Kill The Claire Bear’
About put in work with my personal trainer to work on my beach bod. Gotta keep it tight ya know!
somewhat annoyed at mds' memory leaks
Burn 60 class in the morning.
Awesome, thanks Shama!
I love watching women box. Not in the streets though that's just a hair pulling contest lol but hell I'll come see it
seriously, totally made my day. , congratulations. so happy for you.
Duni: Technology plays a huge role in what I do.
That was fantastic!
Lots of strong Democrats in Clark County & Floyd County - - just had a great meal at "Ann's By The River" Restaurant surrounded by Patriots!
Savings Tip - Used dryer sheets work great for the dust on most anything. I like using them on the T.V.
Want to take your fitness to the next level? Check out this Xtremely intense Asylum workout from trainer Shaun T
Keynesians subsidize urinals
Arlo White is a crap commentator. Henry's quick free-kick goal v Chelsea in Dec 2004 wasn't "massively controversial."
Waiting on network notes. Wait for it. Wait for it....
Stop down for tours today at 2pm and 4pm! Get out of the rain!
Front Desk Wed: Ok, what gives? Been answering Arctic Circle questions all summer. Do I give off a "yep, my degree's in Geography" vibe?
Morning my love. Such a lovely day isnt it?
"breathe" with Krewella is a MASTERPIECE. Cannot wait to perhaps hear it at a show
confined within brick, appreciative of the monetary now, daydreaming of what tomorrow's beaches can fulfill.
The eye doctor said my glaucoma is getting worse but I can't see it.
Leaving Knoxville, heading to Atlanta for the "Out Life" Premiere Party!
presents the cakelady and richie: extraordinary food folks ready for commerce!
best movie tie-in I've seen in awhile
Anyone else find midgets playing the ukulele funny?
Only my mom can turn a simple web search into an hour long how to lesson.. its time for a nap :p Bar 9 tonight!! $2 Thursday
New tees are in my hands! Gotta love it!
I need a jersey! He is about to take this league by storm! With him the would have been in the Super Bowl!
we were so proper last night
Use 2 play TW golf like I play #mw3 got burnt out had 2 take a brake 4 a year.. Think im going 2 buy TW golf13 it's looking good 
Today is international Pimento cheese sandwich day, thanks to Augusta National Golf Club.
Wtf @ gas prices!
can I get the hook-up boo boo? :)
RT : Proud to support State Reps Duffey and Stinziano in their efforts to grant voting rights to student trustees at Ohio's...
janey say hi to shawn he being shy today hahaha!
At work bored As a bitch.
Damn dude i love your tweets, they're so fucking amazing and true!
We have the #1 Pizza in the Triangle! If you haven't tried it, you're definitely missing out, what are you waiting for???
no outlook int + put #!*/ url in the invite + platform dials out to them. Everyone wins. *lockdown so they can't get the tool
why are you just now telling me?
three-hole punch. genius.
did I just hear what I think I heard?? #singleladynomore ??
Btw, the rock stage at #RockTheGarden this year is Quiet Riot, Scorpions, Black Keys, and Led Zeppelin.
Right. I believe that about as much as I believe a 16-yr old boy wants to adopt a sister from China.
1 final down, 3 to go! For some reason, that doesn't exactly make me feel better lol
Thanks , & for the tasty vegan grub last night!!
Halloweekend coming up, New York City has so many options it's a bit overwhelming. House parties, then bar hoping, then a club sounds dope
Smh. No heather.
noooh! FFS that's Top Gear USA on the bloody history channel, pure DRIVEL!! Nope, the regular Hammond, Clarkson & May version!
Fire alarm for burnt tuna lol I'm done
I keep my promises
I am fighting this headache, but I'm losing. And so is my ibuprofen. This is some bull... Not going to let it ruin my day.
Love you :)
i love girl with something under dress ;)i wish you move to florida area
Excited that you guys are coming into town!
Redneck is a derogatory term applied to land workers, and is itself quite classist.
Fact: The growth of cancer cells can be slowed down by smoking marijuana
what is the name of you and JWows spin-off show? And when does it start? Grr too many qa's in one tweet sorry
my 11:11 wish is to meet you and have a conversation. and a follow back would be nice too(:
That's the worst!
Journalists doing more than ever, busier than ever - PR relationship still matters
another day another whiskey.
Do you always write a thank you note after an interview? Even if you KNOW you're not getting the gig?
lotto time! xD
what flawless eyes you have there :)
Today we added custom group images :)
Party til you pass out drink til you're dead! Dance all night til you can't feel your legs!
I also plan on proposing the creation of an official WASociety twitter, being on the web/social media committee and all.
lesbians acting like men in bed is funny.
hey, somewhat related side-note. Do you write in the margins of your books?
PUNK'D!
ISO: Graphic Designer (unpaid position, great opportunity to be of a great start-up community project), please pass this info along
who does that?!?
We don't exist for campaigns or corps or orgs, we are by & for the people - Scott Heiferman
omg i am sick, sick, sick...
damn it we were actually getting somewhere
Thanks for the follow and the kind words!
Except here we have to compete with the Congressional Interns and the LOC sluts!
thanks this weekend Milan
#HOLYTALETO watch out just had a very GRAND ustream!!!!
We're thankful that most people let us do whatever we want, especially when we kill people or beat the crap out of them.
Think well. Speak well. Do well. These three things, through the mercy of God, will make a man go to Heaven. -- St. Camillus de Lellis
discuss contract
no just meant mine is up n running working good
"There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." Ella Wheeler Wilcox
praying you feel better real fast!
Why even put Chalmers back in?
if you think your being cute, your not.
idk u told me like long long time ago ;p
Woo Hoooooo can't wait!!
"You completely unscatter me, and I appreciate that so much."
yes indeed! they use the internets, too!
Can't wait for St. Augy in the AM :D Good night!!!
Come in to The Bike Line today and sign the peopleforbikes.org petition to make a more bicycle friendly America!
but i dont wanna
how was the show at inn-termission
touching prayer from
I'm sure you all are enjoying it! RT. Winter on the West Coast, it's gonna be a beautiful night!
M great 4 square burger... Great service as always.
Just chillen bored laying on my yoga mat and have cramps ugh worst day ever already lol
Hm I wonder what .ASP programmers would be....
Looking forward to seeing #Photoshop guru with tonight!
I miss you! Come back soon and visit. How is the 'ol So cal treatin you missy?
are you afraid of heights? Have a good nite! Be safe out there! :)
the Rockefeller Center xmas tree donated to Habitat for Humanity 2 be used in the construction of a home in Philadelphia.
Ohmygosh I'm so sunburned. What was I thinking going for a biking expo in a bikini without sunscreen?
There's still so much that you can do in 2D. It's harder to make a 2D game as cinematic as a 3D game. -
bunch of my cousins and their significant others n friends....good ass people
Kiddo and I off to our own special birthday dinner. I am sporting a necklace & earrings he bought for me at Wal-Mart! Hilarious & sweet.
Big day tomorrow! We're on with at 7:50 a.m. to talk about 's appearance in next week's Halloween parade
I love orange juice *.* :)
Good morning Sandy! Thanks for the shout-out. :) Have a great Friday.
WOW. there is a #nasasocial tweetup happening at Dryden today. Am here doing archival work...
How long should you let a woman repestedly shout "Halleluja" at the top of her lungs outside your apartment? It's been about 20 minutes.
great! I can definitely do all summer
“: #Arizona supreme court stays tomorrows #execution of Sam Lopez #deathpenalty” Good news!
This rendition of "Free Fallin'" is gonna be epic.
#Winners stay Moving..
I bet I know what that was. Thx for your hard work on this!
Just might have to get an iPad 2 . . .
Awesome recipe and pics, thanks! You can also get Mangalitsa pork straight from the (ex-Mcsftie) farmer in UW or West Seattle
who were we supposed to root. For?? RT: “: BG AND were cheering for kU tonight? Geez, I can't listen to 93.7 anymore!
My timeline isn't loading, great. 👎
trailer park boys is funny. You should watch it. Lol
Someone found my blog today by searching "never trust a man without a mustache."
Ouch, station posted fake tornado photos. Somebody on FB pulled from friend's site, thinking photos were current, sent 2 station....
Orange Silicon Valley, ESnet, InfiniBand Trade Association and OpenFabrics Alliance Demonstrate the First Long Distance, Multi-Stream 4...
Putting money down on a ring for the ol'lady.
damn im no good, but damn its so good.
Mogwai's sound person is a middle-aged lady. She wears a nice sweater/cardigan set and a pencil skirt. I am fascinated by her.
How am I rude???
- let me know when u start so i can migrate to that lucky state, wherever it may be.
Off to the airport!
The Marine Corps approved me today, time to start my journey!
thx for the follow! Orlando real estate is best priced in history!
I MISS YOUR ASS
I don't feel good :(
You can't not be excited about the potential of Rickie Fowler. Star in the making. He has "it".
And the laws would be guaranteed not to have unintentional side effects.
My love 4 music is AMAZING!!!! Just getting finished with a demo me nd my friend made :)
same as you see on TV really. Audition after audition 10 at a time and then eliminations.
Yo so any one of followers should add me(: Haha
Gm beautiful enjoy your hump day
well at least 1 page so when she asks if you read then u say yes. Lol
. Thanks for your support! Can't wait for #NMAP!
but I'm serious ;-)
Thanks for the follow back, Hope you have a great eve!
- I may have seen this on the right day. :)
when did the shower industry meet & decide there would always be 12 curtain holes & 12 rings? why dont other industries have this cohesion?
Just drove by Steven King's house in Bangor Maine! Pretty cool! :-D
Praise God for Charles Stanley as he turns 80. His ministry inspires many & has made a difference in my life for 20 yrs.
Preparing for the University of Pgh Diversity fair.
yeah that is a sick remix
Bout to watch this movie alone...hopefully I dont get too scared!
The #'s are Devastating: 1 in 110 in the South Africa with #autism! Help us in the fight.
i recognize Bruno's talent (saw him play the drums once on one of these shows. that was cool. ), but it isn't my thing.
Congrats to Jim Gibson (Houston office) who closed a $1.5M industrial building in Cotulla, TX!
"You dont know how great it feels to have You standing by my side-
I just used Project Vote Smart’s VoteEasy tool and it’s a fun way to compare candidates. www.voteeasy.org
And cup cakes .__.
No doubt that is by far one of the best bus ad concepts I have ever seen.
check out at eatonville on sundays during brunch. her restyling of nirvana's "smells like teen spirit" was amazing!!
Bad dream last night. #Pens dropped a 3-0 lead and lost 3-4. No way that was real right?
Working at Dodger Stadium tonight.....Im back in full effect!!!!
have hit a #genealogy brick wall on all lines...need to step away and regroup...
Suicidal insulin pump.
Happy Mother's Day! What are you doing to make your mother feel special?
LEGISLATIVE COWARDICE, RUINED LIVES, DESTROYED FAMILIES....
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys✈
Finishing up the program for the 2010 Crowned Prince & Princess Charm Pageant this weekend
salty and greasy is slightly better than sweaty, I guess.
Sure. But how did it get in there?
If leaves anything out, there are plenty of pilgrimage tweeps who might be willing to fill you in. ;^)
Let's ride tonight then!
Need change. I suppose I'll start w my hair color.
you actually have 849...
NO NEED TO MAKE THOSE PICS PUBLIC.GOTTA FEEL FOR HIS MOM SAD HE DID NOT CARE ABOUT HER.
If you only knew what the future hold After a hurricane comes a rainbow.
ok friend....happy new year
I had no idea and I loved Perry's growing up
Is it an app!?
I don't think I'll survive this week
The greatest gift you can give someone today is a smile!
Good morning - don't forget Satori will be in Phoenix this weekend giving seminars on our program!
Yeah if anyone who reads this needs to get at me, I'm good on heytell when i have
At target, looking at dresses.. And wishing was here with me lol
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom 
To all my followers from the Philly area, no disrespect ha
I really miss my bluetooth headset! if I rip my ears out one more time on that darn cord I might go crazy, or end up in a roadside ditch...
TGIF >>> It's going to be a long weekend
Americans harvested the last locally grown marshmallow in the 90's. Now all marshmallows are grown in Equador.
We can teach healthy sexuality early by teaching kids boundaries and healthy relationships with friends and family.
Two girls one bed
The mother fucking frogs are back fucking in my neighbor's piece of shit #walmart pond. Fuck u frogs and fuck u walmart.
Add Iowa to the list of states Forward Fabrics has shipped to. 45 to go! 46, if you consider Illinois to be a state.
#UTBlackademics how many people think transportation options & planning & black quality of life? We need to start.
alright just making sure you're happy! :)
Hey would you give us a listen? thanks :)
I got freaked out last night! lol, I had to get up and close all my windows so there'd be no noise I could mistake for a burglar.
Also seeing that a slow walk, holding up traffic, & running into things because your focused on your cell phone is universal. Not good.
RT : One of our amazing students is finishing up a summer "project" rowing a boat from FL to NJ. W.Rocktheboatforautism.org
hey guys, were a twitter account sharing fan stories about how it was meeting you. Follow back?
haha sucks to suck 😏😉
when are you moving?
Thanks for the RT!
well, I have you as my older brother here :)
GO FOR IT!
sins be gone! All clean!
Thanks! I'll DM you to get coffee and talk ab how we can work together. Hope your workshop is excellent.
Are the price of your medications starting to overwhelm you? We are here to help! Starting July 1st we will have a Co-Pay Assistance Program
See FB page for 3 things you can do to save PE
Im really lukin for a shot wit dis' rappin'!!! Im really gud and theres not alot of ohio rappers!!
congrats on your All-State selection. Great year for you and the Tigers!
to be honest, not even sure what a marshmallow fondant IS! i've made many the fluffernutter though!
Omg # rihanna is in a movie ; its called battleship !!!!
I-94 west closed at hwy F for rollover with extended extrication.
Please follow me<3 I'm a huge fan,you're so beautiful<3 My friends&I hope to meet you some day! :) <3
Ray of Duncanville: We are all in favor of acct. My acct is walking into Tom Thumb in my community. Testing should be diagnostic.
Tell us the damn song the new #5 plans to step to the plate with! I say "Run this Town." -Jay, Ye & Rhi
I hurt because u do not help me recover
Gr, why am I awake? -__-
that's good:)
#cableone is down AGAIN, could someone tell me again why I give money to companies that just suck.
Frozen Coke from Burger King wud hit the spot right now.
when is the non throwback throwback weekend. I assume this year it refers to throwing back adult beverages!!
wtf?! You should have said "Thanks, hotty mc hot hot lets go get naked!" hahahah
I like my girls with a little bit of a curve.
Interval training, the difference maker! - Better Fitness Daily We’ve taken time to think about and write down, “where we are and...
Insider V Day Tip! If you waited until last minute to book, go to this weekend for $39 Date Night. Includes bottle of vino!
14 days. Come on. Let's do thisZ
Best Bodybuilding Diet | Pregnancy Health Guide
Watching #TLC waterfalls video. Whoa throwback
Thanks for the retweet Miriam! Happy weekend!
This weekend is about to be hellllla fun. Friday night birthday party, about to go hard ! #PartyMemories will def. be made (;
Woke up too early for school...time to kill!
Where is my bus driver !?
too cute!...that might have turned her on more though lols
I seen u wen I was n a relationship but never payd attention.but now u tryna drag me n well im still thinkn hard. Its happinin to fast
"All of a sudden, its like I'm holding a pony" So wise, and SO funny!
Really? Not even occasionally?
Grilled Swordfish Steak w saute of Bacon, asparagus & corn, a gorgonzola mornay sauce & rosemary duchess potatoes. $18.95 (@
Enjoyed showing excerpts of DETROPIA to
What about Chicago?
my cousin. She been doing hair but she in school now, she did it for prom too
Ready to make movies?
I just linked my Twitter to my Facebook. Welcome to 3 years ago, Alex. Sigh.
Well I had listened to him and his dad on last night when I got home. He basically said the same thing as on your link though!
I'm dead rn.
Who is going to watch MARLEY Documentary film??
Thank god only 18 more days or some shit.
RIP #DonnaSummer - You'll be missed.
Great to meet you! Hope you enjoy your brownies.
13 year olds talking about sex need their ass beat!!!!!
Errands, phone store to figure out why my phone is being ridic, baking, cleaning/organizing and catching up on my shows. Good day.
thanks babe :*
2 weeks until I see at <3
Watching Idol and THERE YOU ARE! Nice job tonight!
Corona Bucket!
same here :)
Tuesdays ARE lame. MY birthday is a Tuesday this year too. :D
Football is so wack
RT : Let me just say that Jimmy Carter was most moral, truly Christian person to serve as President of the United States...
We just can't anymore. I brought up Hulk killing Hulk and things hit system overload.
who am I going to talk to tomorrow in class?!? JK. I'll get notes for you if need be. Feel better and drink gatorade!
Discussing ways to help parents with ADHD kids who talk excessively (beyond what is age appropriate!). Of course I still do this myself!
Ok so the Chocolate Chip Frappicino from #StarBucks is awesome!!
We love to see you continuously improving. Our writers are the best!
Can DC taxpayers appropriate the #ourpark hashtag to complain about publicly financed stadiums?
my pleasure ladies :)
RT " thanks for the follow,if u need ideas for latinamerican markets,let us know! greetings !" Absolutely!
he should hire Dan Leistikow to spin his remarks
yay! Glad you're feelin better, lady :)
Researching the best eye creams out there for a beauty article. Ladies, what do you love/hate/swear by?
Happy Monday honey bunny
I guess cereal it is
Thank you!
GUCCI GUCCI- kreayshawn
No sleep tonight...
No problem - looking forward to reading your tweets :)
keynote: Drupal's system of government is a do-ocracy
And Keef says the exact same thing!
I had a conversation last week with a department chair who reminded me quite a bit of you. This was a good thing.
Don't give up! Stay up! Don't stop! Keep moving! Don't cry! Rejoice. Possibilities exist in the toughest problems.
Authorities say house fire on Garfield Ave in Columbus considered suspicious and they're talking with a "person of interest." Live at 11
you're welcome =) I was going to follow you either way haha but thanks for asking =D
lots of injuries screwing up teams up.
Big Star on the hotel pool stereo!
I was at game 5 of the ECF when they won 3-0. Last game they'd win that year. Just devastating.
Go ! Save us from having to watch the Nyjer Morgan/Prince Fielder ghetto wannabe act in the World Series. Skewer the
You are not that old! The first movie I saw in the theaters was Star Wars in 1977. Been a sci fi fan since
Wow! Glad to hear it went well! Amazing.
It is a cover of a song by Set Your Goals!
Excited to welcome to #cunydhi! Doug begins with a discussion of the importance of curation at this cultural moment.
it really is. That's my favorite japanese spot :D
WHAT'S A BOOK?
Also, for *me*, the joy of online shopping isn't so much the browsing as the arrival of packages at my door :)
God set my clock fast so I'm ahead of my time.
yo I gotta new line. Hit me if you wanna hit the lab while you out here.
“: love you too”told you that you're gay
Man is a dog's idea of what God should be. ~Holbrook Jackson
Just when I thought my life was coming together, I realized it was just starting to fall apart.”
Well after a frustrating practice Tuesday night. Tonights practice/scrimmage was a good one & a lot better. Still need some work though.
Congratulations! Good luck in NYC.
thanks for following look forward to getting to know you and Source Interlink
To the people posting videos on YouTube of "why I hate One Direction" you're just mad cause Louis' ass gets more views than you.
No supermarket, no library, dist 9 has certainly been left behind
A special #FF to because he often tweets about how awesome I am & is the only person in the world who actually believes it.
Stevens by a long shot RT : Who looks more like they could put on a jersey&pass as a player: Lehigh Reed or Butler's Stevens?
#iLoveWhenYou smile at me out of no where :)
Stop speaking spanish I don't know what the fuck you're saying
oh just a bad cold. Plus I opened this morning so I didnt sleep well
hit me up !
After a prolonged absence I think may be back on the tweet sauce. Very exciting!
had a blast. Great to meet you!
RT : Religion has it right. There IS only ONE true God. They're only wrong in believing He loves and belongs solely to......
If at first you don't succeed, f&ck it. What's on TV?
OOH! HAPPY BIRFDAY! :D I'm still stealing cake though. ^.~ You're old now!
Be who you want to be, not what others want to see.
Got certified to teach Turbo Kickboxing! I can't wait to bring this class to Nashville!
Me too!! HAHA! I just was not in the mood this morning. I'm going to a party tonight so i'll attack this mane after work.
I hope you're feeling better. glad you could finally see our place!
Plz follow me its my dream
Please Read this! I LOVE Your Voice its So Beautiful!! I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!
it's not that bad I click on links that say do not click here. I don't know why
2 scenes completed today for 'Damaged Goods'... All went very well!!
True. I'm all about keeping Austin from becoming NYC/LA. Perhaps the underlying concern.
using the restroom to take a leak can be stressful just remember to shake three times if you shake more your playing with it
“: Oh yes. I have invented 14 new things and solved the energy crisis and also knitted hats for my cats.”
Life sucks and then you die.
Perfect, thanks!
that i do
Thanks to folks who donated funds and thank you gifts to the show last week. You're supporting TCT + free speech radio via -- Hooray!
Wish I could mic slam like the POTUS but I'm usually at a podium.
I heard an NPR interview with you this afternoon. You are adorable!
TITLE: ultra mega unique beauty with captivating eyes.
Nice brass weld work on these butt joints. My hat is off to the American works Dayton #Ohio 1940.
yes! If you have then can be my best man.
Even the Timbers reserves getting in on the winning action, 1-0 today over Vancouver. Great road trip!
whoa dere , liam bagging those biddies
It's summer! Back to my old ways
If I haven't got destroyed & completely shut down yet , I never will. I'll always pick myself up and keep moving ..
The new Killer Apps of the Net: Communication, Content, engagement, reality.
Getting ready to #Denver with youtu.be/Fp0Y_XCHUbY
#SomeoneIdLikeToMeet Ray Lewis one of my heroes and true inspirations to play the game I love
"I'd let Oomf ride my tongue....I neva ate cootie tho lol" ? LOL I have all the right to laugh!!
make sense
is now UFC tv. Need to start MotoTV that Plays everything from Crusty 1 to live races!
Is too exhausted after heavy workout!
made many a deposit I'm sure
Thanks - we were alerted to the error and everything is resolved now.
Congratulations and welcome to the chapter
Sheila Kloefkorn from KEO Marketing just schooled us on The Ways of Google. Content and content are spelled the same but way different!
Today is my fathers 50th birthday! Yay Dad!!!
Driving out of nyc at 6 pm. Wish me luck.
Affirmed! MT : So thrilled with all the people in my life who are brave, passionate & joyful. Together we're remaking the world.
Thanks again to from #ABC15 for joining the #WCGAPS investigation Saturday nite...
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
pretty please you would make my night. :-)
“: Completely freaked by the cover of #TIME this month”>>>I said the same thing! That's a whole toddler!
Anytime I get a tweet like that, my day is made. xoxo. So fun hanging today.
Is there an American between the ages of 15&35 w/ a real interest in semi/pop culture who couldn't be plausibly tagged w/ term "hipster"?
WeHo's cool. They're repaving the street right in front of the library so patron's will have a nice smooth ride into the lot.
my teams name in Spanish >>>>> ;)
RT : Whatever you do in your life, make sure it has meaning...and do it with passion!
My name is , and I am still a
I like it too!! // Secret confession: I like Eminem and Rihanna's new song. #ilovethewayyoulie (via )
We're just here way too early.
#wmnldrs. Joanne Brandes says yo always stay on line with your values no matter what!
I've been reading WoT for years and want #AMoL asap, but I just started WoK & agree w/my BF, waiting for WoK2 is harder!
Just like Friday, Lombardozzi single in 1st, Harper walked 1st at-bat, Ankiel single in 2nd
When does it start ? RT : I can't wait for PRIDE season! Bring it on :)
24-17, so no Irish Wake last night, thank God.
Wedding coming up? See us about getting those teeth looking bright white.
I'm already doing it but my SIL is interested if nobody else has claimed it yet. Let me know.
installed #iOS5 on my 3GS, liking the new unobtrusive notifications system
everyone runs around saying how tyler perry must be stopped; my vote is solidly with russ parr, lol
Thanks for the retweet and reference!
Nigga. Yes I do, and just go with me? Duhh.
Opportunities are calling... Please hit me!!!
thanks for the mention - I appreciate it!
You're welcome! RT thank you!
Literally JUST realized where invites are on LinkedIn. I was wondering why I never got any love. Just made 100 friends in 5 minutes.
Times Square station steel drum player slaying "Hava Negilah" upon my arrival. Big morning for subway platform music.
Happy Easter to U all :) hope U'll have a great weekend!
that's not his real kik..cause Austin's aunt even said he wasent gettin a new PO box address
Just got my Mac back! Logic board was replaced and now works perfect :)
I'M NOT QUICK TO FORGIVE BECAUSE PEOPLE DON'T USUALLY MAKE JUST ONE MISTAKE... ;-|
WI fishing season has been in full swing for a whole week and I have a stupid ass sunburn to prove it.
I just want to be chased after for once.
The health of the people is really the foundation upon which all their happiness and all their powers as a state depend.
My lady likes to get dressed up all classy and kick Lil Kim lyrics. Great deal!!!
thanks right ..lol
No problem. Thanks for taking a look. :)
I will never give the love a meaning!
thanks for obliging my requests last night. Had a good time.
Adam Richman always makes me smile although today I cannot smile no matter what :(
Can't wait for a sushi lunch w/ & I'm starving!!!
verifying everything with the compliance office right now. Should have the names out shortly.
It also helps a lot when you make every put between 5' to 15' on the final round. Save pars--win the tournament.
hahaha... wtf are we doing on twitter! like OH EMM GEE. i never use this thing... haha
Yep. So what are you up to?
“Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.”~Earl Wilson
no i take dat back.. im hongry
its going great my aunt Jenna fell and its still the laugh of the day
NO ONE YETX
This forgotten gem is turning collector's heads like it did back in 1988 and will be known as the most valuable Jose Canseco card on earth!
yea I know .. Lmao
I'm super happy. :) you?
I miss you
yess!! Exactly mfs need to realize that
I meant room mate
you too! thanks for your help promoting as well
Thanks to you and all of the walkers & volunteers! RT : thank you for making a difference today!!!!
": Heat win Game 1 despite losing Chris Bosh to menstrual cramps."
&&' again he goes back to the rude ass he always was :/
I just shed a tear.
Perfect time for a nap
Five-star hotels booked for weddings on 5/5/55 - Chicago Tribune
I find that it works better after a ton of historical conversation has happened...
New to Twitter, wish me luck.
not much you
Two weeks ago, my boyfriend of 4 1/2 years asked for clarification on my middle name... Do people always mess up your name?
Well, I survived not getting my ass kicked in Nashville last night while sporting my Wisco gear
So weird. I'm getting password errors for my FTP with Transmit and FireFTP, but I can log in just fine with Coda. What the heck.
“: I LOVE THIS CITY #MIAMI”……you are here?
This line is way too fucking long.
OHMYGOD,the graduation celebration that James is talking at is free and open to the public.SOMEONE TAKE ME PLEASE.
My pleasure to share. Great post! I really liked the dunk tank analogy
IN THREE WORDS I CAN SUM UP EVERYTHING I'VE LEARNED ABOUT LIFE: IT GOES ON. -FROST
“When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong, you cannot be too conservative.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
you just <3 people
saw a first draft of my music video today.......o.... :)
I've been good and u?
At a local football game!
#comingoutstory I feel so loved.
Come on all you KISSERS let us journey out to Corrales for the next big Tumbleweed show. January 26th at the Corrales Bistro
all the time lol
I wish
How can I make my divorce easier on my kids? #ChildrenandDivorce Stay tuned for answers.
That's weird - thought I was following! Am now.
#ECOMONDAY because they are the most innovative green thing to happen to Chicago
I have no life. I just listen I music all day and night. 👍🎧
My #mancandy was the first to wish me Happy B-day last night. #courtney wasn't very happy about this.
To remind everyone, I am still the Mayor of Pittsburgh.
I know, I am so cold. Thinking the space heater may help in the morning.
Damn y do I keep running into dudes that have kids wtf
A SoBe Art Deco Resort Takeover. Party for 3 days & 3 nights w other lifestyle couples from around the world. Pkgs start at $1180 per cpl
True re: outside transparency. Like last minute amendment granting mayoral powers in hotelier vote.
I know you just won the masters, but get a better hairstyle!
Yes, your food group of sandwiches is an inspired choice that gives quite a bit of latitude.
I found an open network in the bar.
haha i just had some!!!
Mixing Lime Bacardi and Pepsi! taste Good! Merlot for later on!
I've got it for Drew , Bart for Bart Starr
Holy cow. Just what did put in Steve's Wheaties this morning? lol
Dnt hear nothing good wen u wake hear in New Orleans too many ppl got hurt last nite dis sum bullshit!! God bless us!
Nassau Co. Police are investigating a report of a person trying to talk to or lure a child walking home from Newbridge Road Elem. School.
Back to Arsenal.. Final Free kick for Arsenal. Goalie is up in the box. I need a picture in picture TV for days like this.
those snacks are awesome!
Best wishes for a peaceful experience! The other side is oh-so-worth-the-wait! God blessed you and I know u appreciate that. :-)
I need to pop some popcorn #LOST is on in a few!
Awesome weekend! Choir concert, The Beach, (500) Days of Summer, lazy Sunday, good dinner and company and game night!
I spit in your mouth when u sleep!
kmsl friend if you got to sneak & give me ur number then dnt it aint like I asked fa it #slick ass
I can't wait for Indy Pride Festival, it's gunna be a shit show!
new to twitter! introduce me to people :D
Schoolwork n skip bayless
2012....Take all events seriously, disasters to politics...you life depends on it!
hahahah, it's a real good one. It's my "give me money" face.
Have never been so sore in such a good way! I think I feel what they call "abs"
I'm on omegleee, come and try to find mee :) I'm saying K J LO
Rev. Jesse Jackson on ed reform - "It is a Race to the Top...for those who can run"
Just three days until we welcome admitted students at Columbia Connect! Let us know if you are coming with the tag
If I start tonight I might be able to get everyone. So, here we go.
so like in my school.. we made clay mask of people and i made Harry and every1 is like WHO THE HELL IS HE? I HATE LIVING IN USA.. they dumb
i hate when celebs dont retweet you or follow u it lowers my self asteem
I noticed that myself. It will mention you have retweets but no one listed.
fair enough. but, completely seriously: > any kind of music ever created
Done forgot my twitter email and password smh. Hopefully i never gotta log out dis bitch
I got Hannah a new scooter for Christmas I think it might be time for me to take a ride lol
Blackman Kallick is expanding! We are seeking an experienced accounting and finance recruiter to join our team. Please message me for det…
Excellent lunch at today...veggie quesadilla and a small bowl of vegan chili.
Thanks for the follow! It is much appreciated!
Big shout out to at #AIIP board mtg. for her webmastery!
Oh ok reading it was Jessica biel
I think we have enough youth. How about a fountain of smart?
I'm excited, nervous, happy all at the same time!!
let's go to Jamaica! LoL!
prove it
alright then...im sure nikko doesnt care. but i actually have a game at 5 lbs..i told you id come after
The greatest hindrance 2 the advancment of God's Kingdom in these times is religion. It was religious leadrs who crucifed Jesus not sinners
I live literally right behind that :).
What will fix the economy: belief that the economy is getting better and will continue to do so.
Day 89 of 100: I am thankful for sleeping in.. same number of hours, but it feels goo-ood!
Be careful who you marry, because the only thing worse than being lonely is wishing you were
I like watching older episodes of a cartoon show. The voices of the characters are weird and not as awesome.
congrats on the new phone!
Sugar Cafe is open on Easter Sunday! Come do brunch with us!
sharing #flipclass model w/ my dept on tues. can you share you favorite resources to add to my collection? should be inform. about flipping
freaky ass lol
Thank you for the follow! Green Consulting - may stop and see you in Seattle sometime.
#ThingsThatINeed are actually people Zayn, Harry, Louis, Niall, Liam ONE DIRECTION IS WHT I NEED!!!!!!! <33
Oh! I love new car smell! Enjoy!
Listening to Meat Beat Manifesto OMG
im still low key practicing!!.. i havent start piercings yet but i am :-)
The Roots were jamming to the iPhone ringtone on the Jimmy Fallon show. Nice!
I LOVE the Icehouse! Enjoy.
I am so happy the sky is clear. Hopefully it will stay that way so we can see supermoon!
Tis the season to celebrate women & tech! Congrats to all of you & cheers to your success! Join us for one of many events...
Prepare for war, gentlemen.
Why settle? You can sue all day and spank all night.
I will.. Definitely
Congrats to Don Smith on his piece last week in the Oregonian last week on European travel.
Need help getting boogs out of your carpet? We can help!
RT : Stop by the truck today for #Free Screening tix to the movie WHAT TO EXPECT WHEN YOUR EXPECTING from
Something else: Can Karma be scientifically proven?
All the time
Always be grateful and thankful for what you have now, You never know when it all might go away.
My hands are shaking right now
At pick 8 you can grab a still good RB and then a good QB or WR on the way back earlier.
Watching #BlackGirlsRock! Hope you tune in too, even if just for a little bit.
Ellen Levy, David Rothenberg, Gerald Borgia & Nathaniel Comfort discuss intersections of art & evolution at 3/22
like a bosh...
Mentioned my new treat is a grapefruit juice slushee. I've eaten it everyday for over a week. Boring? No...
From the deepest feelings within my heart I wanted to thank you for allowing love to come forth come forth. m.e.
Is Bill Arneson still the coach?
Not a cirque fan
Laptop is broken aqain -,-
Warm welcome new followers!
Oh. Wow. That is astonishing.
JUST UNDID MY TYE DYE SHIRT ITS AMAZING HOLY SHIT
Just put a bid on a nice house. Fingers crossed.
what makes it shocking is I know the company ethos isn't like that
RT u in beckham bodywear might get me back east.
Brew Crew looked amazing today!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life, so get out there and… then again, tomorrow is also the first day of the rest of your life.
Cindy is stunning yes , but Stacy you are amazingly gorgeous !! From a longtime fan !
thanks for the follow
why do u do this to me?! I thought you loved your rushers! Hahaha
Just got a little giddy as I put the LAST item on my shopping list in my basket at Yes!
#nowplaying - the longer I run, Peter Bradley Adams
We're so incredibly proud of our overseas friends! <3 RT : Love ; they're all just amazing <3
Decent shot put form in pic. Lf leg lock good, lf elbow low, release point high, not enough hip.
#astdrmc-Denison Cultural model helps combine cultures without loss of innovation during merger-acquisition
Right now we have a concept of "cover" whereby you are awarded proficiency for some easy exercises if you finish hard ones first
Well its almost 2012 RT IF YOU WANT SOMETHING BIG TO HAPPEND IN THIS YEAR (,= SOMETHING BIG IMWANT TO HAPPEN D IN MY LIFE IS
I love you NewYork
Katrina haahha yes do that! And then he'll come put and ull be like rite there and it wld b awesome!
I wish it was the 50s were every guy was a hopeless romantic and I'll be that one girl with the poodle skirt youll love :)
It's Mighty Kat's birthday. PR's are required.
I knew you would! Hahaha! XD so you didn't say one word to Sean?
aloha and you are welcome!
have fun with that. I'm pretty sure he hates you.
told u son how was the session at the gym
Table read for my new project! They Live Among Us! Went super smooth and very fun cast! I play a pissed off gf throwing out my bf!
Ladies and Gentlemen... Nick "How Clay Got His Sack Total Back" Perry!!!
told you! But I still got kinda soaked...
All our group at Pomona.. will be attending Irvine & Ventura.. I know there's like 4 of us going to all 4..
And categories (?). And history. We'll also want to preserve URLs as much as possible. Lots of moving parts
Ever notice how it's a penny for your thoughts, yet you put in your two-cents? Someone is making a penny on the deal!-- Steven Wright
They have four, FOUR, rings in 12 years. The Big 3 have 1 COMBINED in 9 years. There is no argument. Now go win one for Texans! Pls
Dang I just put my car on craiglist, and seven people wanna buy it already
your boss works you too hard
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy. - Oliver Goldsmith
The Pharisees were good men, but hyper religious. They sought to follow over 600 laws, to make sure they were right with God.
You know what, Staples? Keep my $38. I get shell shock when I enter your store.
Going home to New Orleans for much needed vacation
indeed. Whether it is by the way I purchased it or not is debatable.
great tweet
that is awesome you are winning in racquetball. where do you play at?
good advice > RT : over 1000 tickets already sold for make sure you get yours early since prices go up per avail.
No one told me it was national hamburger month
so ready to get back to LA....a month gone is long...lol...3 more days n counting!
": I'm LOVIN this SIxers squad and their energy. They're not afraid of Miami."// Y should they be, have u seen the #heat play?
OOOOhhh so jealous I want to see a Tampa hockey game! I have to look if they play the Caps up here or down there. Miss you!
why, #blogathonATX of course!
I was kind of devastated when I found out Lady Jaye passed away. Did you enjoy it???
just make me happy& follow me&so i can finally prove my friends wrong!they say u will never notice me but i say
i feel ya lmao
;( love ya
hush up
Uecker slightly misjudged the Aramis fly out
My life has turned into returning emails all of my time.
Thank you so much! Great promise in Texas for future of libraries and emerging technologies- you guys have perfect oppty to seize!
12 hours & Relay was a success! Thank you's: 1 Starbucks grande WC mocha w/ soy, 1 Diet Coke, 1 Five-hour energy, & H20!
"Mysterious 'Hum' Only Canadians Can Hear" #yahoonews It's the sound of maple being extracted from trees. . .
- mypleasure. yogaqueenLaure'n's the best. up late...excited about lifeblissmeditation (YogaChurch) at Laure'n's tomorrow
Hey if any of you wanna talk just DM me :) I like to talk to all yall (ladies) ;)
Mm yeah, it's delish. I keep meaning to head over to the brewery. I'm good, but I miss pizza & NY! How's married life? And NY?
first experience at catalyst. Been awesome...except for the stranger kissing and groping on stage at the preshow.
he is so cute good luck
#SometimesYouHaveTo show people better than you can tell them...
Just met one-eyed willy, except it was a golden retriever with one eye. So adorable!!!
's are going to sprout parsley leaves soon.
I don't wanna sound like a badass or anything..but I play the Wii without the wrist strap
RT : Yes >> RT : A good teacher makes 300 feel connected just as well as 45 #meded SERIOUSLY
The sucker yet again
Happy Valentines day to all!!! Even if you're single, someone still loves you!
I might when I get my secdual
People Always Tell Me I Look Better In Person -.-
OH at : "If you're 'super pumped' about something, is that hyphenated?"
Mariano: I don't know what you're gonna do. I just want to say thank you. You truly were the best.
Thanks for sharing my tweet! Cheers, and enjoy the rest of SX!
#BreakoutKings crazy season finale. Damn good show!
Are people seriously fighting over which artists they are fans of? Really?
I love itty bitty piggy.
Friday Fuji Dinner Deal -$9.99 from you...gets you soup, salad with Fuji Dressing, chicken and shrimp with noodles or fried rice from us.
LeGarrette Blount just made an awful play, that's all you can say.
RT : Beta of 4MeNU -- micro review site for restaurants and businesses where you can earn points/Sway is alive!...
you read my mind exactly
love how the guy i like has a girlfriend fuck my life:( hahaha on to the next one shit.
They lost to Butler last year
L1C you later
I just want to see this Clarity video.
Watching the Change-Up and cracking up more than I expected. So unexpectedly hilarious...
seriously no one can take that title away from you. Props. you were there when I literally knew no one at UW.
sounds like someones kitty litter needs cleaned.
Are you dancing yet ? I doubt it, but I am sending you some love. XO
Catch ya Tuesday Dan
thank you so much. We all work very hard at it. Where Going in tour in June! Where are you from?
that dude is super good
Lol. xD 3rd base is scary..he had me play like 5 feet away from the home plate. No joke.
winning run off a balk?
This class was so competitive that for you to be even in the top 10 percentile you needed at least a 5.5 weighted GPA
the only thing a guy should want to change about his girl, is her last name; adress; and her view point on men.
agreed; I'll come with you
Still not over the fact that my works premium giveaway is a lululemon sweatshirt
Life is what you make of it.
It's nice having her back!
LOVING Toyota Center right now, feels like playoffs! #RedNation fans bringing it tonight!!
People have a lot of misconceptions about anarchism but I can tell you, as I slog through this whitepaper on consensus, it is REALLY BORING
NO, I think you should call me ;) even though I dont have a phone since Im your cheek..oh well :)
": So...do all those Dynamo players get yellows for hopping the wall and celebrating?" *Wondering same thing. Let em celebrate
omg that show gives me the creeps
Do something awesome !!!
never too early!
YESS !& prank James and Patrick LMAO. im just laughing thinking about it. LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO<3
Yeah it is!
Vote: aye 74, no 43. Passes. I'll grab a roll call...
At my favorite place in the world, Barnes and Noble. I remember that one time when and I bought sex books. Lolz good times.
Good morning!!
follow me
Hope you're feeling better <3 Love You! Follow?
sometimes you have to take a few steps back so you can leap forward. Stay positive bud!
Oh my goodness! What is this? A cupcake newsblog thing? I LOVE IT! Tell me more!
lol u gon be in trouble
I'll be your row boat, you'll be the Queen Mary.
NO LINE at the Manolo sale #nyc at the warwick hotel 65 W 54st. all sizes, great selection #run! is still here
the paper is interrupted by two other papers, lol Such is grad school life, but progress is good, thanks for asking! :)
players too, but what good's a system with neutral arbitrator if it's perceived that any decision against 1 side gets him canned?
Hooray for lovely students! We really are blessed here at
Girls that act ghetto when they aren't
Come try the Shrimp Po Boy with fries for lunch today!
My neighbor named Ginger dyed her hair red.
Reading Beyond Good and Evil....great piece of philosophy..very much recommend it!
Was it 0?
Speak for yourself, Matt. All day I dream about shrimp. And I'm not the only one. I think Korn wrote a song about it.
the mall is attachment central.
All day i've felt like something was missing...
Gr8 night hanging w/ Lindsay, Taylor, Kai & Ava...MUCH NEEDED!
Beginning the long arduous process of figuring out how yet another social-networking site works. Oh ain't it a blast... Better than sex..;O)
was on THE LATE JIMMY FALLON SHOW on 10/15/2010 as a Dancing Chilean Miner!
Lack of scoring by the second rank offense in regular season is reminding me of 2 years ago. will need someone to pick it up.
Another night of writing complete. :)
Ima flatiron that shit!! ": Well we are going to meet him & braid his hair lolRT fuck yes!!"
THE REFS MIND AS WELL BE WEARING HEAT UNIFORMS...LOL
nice, I'm less douchey then all but... Gasp ?!? Z what happened?
like wtf is wrong with northern suburban kids these days?
ohh im from dominican republic but i live in new york and you ;D ?
Heading into the monastic void 4 few days. Please supply your own nerdy, snarky, and/or rhetoric-y posts in the meantime. See ya!
in the bed sick, watching family guy!
Nice! I like the Video
i believe in the #maddencurse just as much as i believe in the #curseoftito :|
I can submit tons of girls including more of bhole girl destiny if your welling to help me out?
im gonna go watch Jaws 2 and fall asleep with my puppy because im just that cool
Throwback Thursday going to the Maine concert
During these eoc's #music has been my bestfriend.
#Snapple fact: "India has a Bill of Rights for Cows." Hmm, you learn something new every day!
I sure will take pics along the way of my journey
Closed for the day! Back again next Friday! Have a great week!
there's a Loteria Grill on Sunset I think also.
good night! :)
The website is coming along great! All dealerships will be adding their information this week.
RT when do u vault??/// Tomorrow at 8:30 eastern
Tip #131: Online...When down to 3 tables in an mtt open up all tables and take lots of notes. This will give you a sneak preview.
Say no more RT : lol betta then old times we got more money now
My phone keeps infill owing you... 😏👎
Noelle beams of Clearwire says mobile traffic growing in huge leaps and clear has network to support demand for capacity.
Check May/June #ScientificAmericanMind final page, #MindinPictures, on #vaccinations. Too true and very scary. More measles, mumps, deaths.
Let us know when you get it and what you think!
but did he do the moonwalk correctly?
