I hope you both get fat ! #biggirlsneedlovetoo !
What is this??? I'm finally leaving for San Diego??? Hellz ya!!!! :D
Vocal tracking continues today
happy 100 years for Studs Terkel, one of the great American historians
i can def. organize by state + format -- my source for this was a radio list.. will have to find something else for tv
Going to the #pet store with
happy equinox
Thanks beautiful!
Once you were mine, and me were in love, we talked everyday, now you're .. hers, in love with her, &talk to her everyday. NOT me.
Anyone have any brunch suggestions in #milwaukee? Bonus points if they are part of
I hate when stuff don't go my way I be so ready to cry
I can relate to that. I think they need to revised periodically with input from everyone.
Nothing helps this hunger. I should be focused on other things in my life right now. What happened to confident me? When did I stop caring?
was great though we had a bit of a delay at the airport! Nothing a little lunch won't solve!
To bed early for graduation...why am I responsible...
Watching Mad Men again felt like hooking up with an ex after a long time. Kept thinking, "Did it used to be this weird?" Silver Fox was ON!
Dwele "Body Rock" Produced By
"I heard that twitter, facebook and youtube are merging. It's going to be called "YouTwitFace." - George Verwer
Kloppenburg supporters energized here - say no city of Madison votes have come in yet. That's where they predict she could do very well.
For a person that I love to understand me... They must know when to thank me... And when to appreciate me... And the difference.
Today is going to be a great day! Do you know why? Because everyday is a great day!
Knock, Knock! Who's there? Theodore! Theodore who? Theodore is stuck, and I can't get outside to pee!
RT Barkley: "If u left DeAndre Jordan in the gym all night and told him he couldn't dunk he'd have 6 points in the morning"
Our guitarist, , will be passing out flyers to the show tonight at the House of Blues Dallas after the ABR show!
Are you going to be joining us on the time traveling couch tonight? ha
it was so good! Haha my mom rented it so we were all watching it together and it was awesome
": Morning wood. Lol" hahaha! G'morning!
who are you exactly?
Lovers Ill be posting some new comics as soon as I get home to WHAC the Washington Heights Arts Club, my batcave
yes and I was shocked! This should be interesting and how it plays out.
Wow, I'm really impressed. Do you have them framed on your office wall?
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, "I will try again tomorrow."
I forgot I had this thing....
7 pm; still at office; two more must do tasks for today; haven't been to the gym yet; starving. Conclusion: Wednesdays suck.
The Summer Classic Dog Show Series will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
I have to say goodbye to my first car, Prixie today. I'll get her back one day..... :(
well uhm ill get on again tomorrow (x lol ~Dannah
Nice comparison and it's even accurate as lions take down gazelles. “: The Lions of Boston Take on the Gazelles of Philly
Drinkink c. Pesquie terrasses cdr. Decent fruit and nice tannins, but maybe a tad too acidic.
Happy Pi Day to all!
Wow I just saw Eric, VAL BALISTRERI, and VIRG all within 20 min. What a day :)
Lord Adonis admits that 50%oxbridge entrants from private school but fails to acknowledge that his 13yrs of Education policy have did that.
Isn't this old?
Mayor Ballard changed the polling location for Perry 34 voters this afternoon. They now report to Southern Dunes Golf Course on 5/8.
"You're tearing me apart LISA!"
pfffft the law cant control me!
not sure how much direction I can provide, but always happy to share & learn with, especially about Bourdieu-
My freakin Chest just got stuck in a shirt wtf my chest is not dat big enough to get suck where the shirt doesn't go over them.smh
RT : Misspoke there at 9:00 - sales tax increase would mean an additional $5 in tax on that $1000 grocery bill for a family of 4
#disneypickuplines I can show you the world, take you wonder by wonder, over sideways and under, on a magic carpet ride. - Aladdin
Haha . Okay c:
Right. Back to Sunset Grille!
.'s own tweeting live today from #HA_diabetes ^RM
Someone else from Xena or Hercules. That would be fun. Thanks for asking.
How you doing?
Now THAT was a party
Is anyone planning a party/retrospective for 50th Anniversary of Shepard's 1961 launch - 1st American in space?
Fake Bacon should be a crime...
I need to change my phone number.
"Who knows better than you know, / Lady, the circumstances of this event" William Bronk, from "Virgin and Child with Music and Numbers"
excellent! Promise I'll knockout a few tomorrow!
Day drinking!
Excavation underway.
night and #teamshady :)
1) CURRENT medical documentation is not required 2) Most important is a diagnosis by a provider 3) Chiropractors ARE considered providers
I could have sworn I looked at the US site. WTF. LOL
Why? I don't want to go. My bed was so warm. Let me go back please? No? Okay v-v
listen to some lectures from Terance Mckenna on "Creating Your Own Culture" its insightful and may help. it helped me..youtube it
still ma nigga.. how the hell u been.
That would be cool. I know this sounds stupid, but after the WC, I don't hate the Caps. Their fans were awesome.
tashaun and lester keep quoting it lol
got drunk, fell down, ran away lol
true but I wish it was atleast in the 60's during break :p
BIG S/O TO MY TWIFEY(TWITTER WIFEY) FOLLOW HER EVERYBODY REALY GOOD MANAGEMENT.THE BEST!
Plotinus would be very important in this look. I am not conditioned by European Enlightenment even though I am curious about it too.
Just got off work about to take a well needed nap!!
FREE WRAPPING ALERT! Tonight only, we will wrap your Outwrite purchases for FREE. See y'all soon!
ugh. now all these spam twitters are tweeting me cus i tweeted something about a 'camera".
Time to go irrigate the ol' mouth holes! Let's see what got stuck up in there!
": Everyday4Women A big hit for Mother's Day! She really liked the bottle." <~~~ Thanks for the support* Glad it was loved*
#BeachHouse were so much better when they called themselves #Slowdive. Have I said that before? No matter. I'll say it again, I'm sure.
he's kind of bigger than me. lol we go to the park in P.E and I tried getting on my friends back.
I'll bet they were as tough or maybe even tougher than our team. #SpecialOperations #SpecialForces?
keep pushing dont give up..they want u to quit...dont be defeated..keep fighting for you and what u want WHOOP!!!
i said i was gone rip that bill gates
thank you for following my #twitter page. Also follow my film page via
"Vegetarian" is an old indian word for bad hunter.
following back
i have the harsdest time with saying goodbye and letting go.
!!!!! ": I dont want to live on this planet anymore! Fuck off liverpool!"
Thanks for the good times, Denver.
Mundane tweet of the day: I'm chewing gum.
great you?
Just as good! CHEERS to that! How will I know if it happened?? Can you give me a title clue?
New design out soon
lol come on boo
im bumpin this #NICKLEBACK tonight.. thats my flow for tonight
fundraising committee is looking for support with raffle prizes
the American club is no longer exclusive
thanks man
your website is not working.
hey Dave how been man call me
Whenever I see high school kids acting like idiots, I can't but think; "Jesus, was I this fucking obnoxious???"
i will
Trying to force out that fart before you pass the big group of people and completely botching the timing <
rehearsal day! ready to jam!
i wanna audtion! how
Jessica Sanchez is trending worldwide...
The crib hes in is my Aunts crib!!! lol
FRONTLINE-Duke Collaboration Sheds Light on U.S. Financial Crisis
she's a swifty. She cut herself & lost too much blood.
His spirit is pretty awesome.
RT : This week's top 5 #CMJ Jazz: , Stanley Jordan, , ,
THANKS ANITA..CAT'CHA OVER @ R/N..T/F/S..
ight. Yo that kid was the best man. It's said that we lose someone great.
goodnight hope to see u soon
I been good, yourself?
Fun nature fact: When Snookis around the world get pregnant, their babies gestate in their bouffants.
who else is going? Me but you already knew that ;)
Just got back from St. Paul's School in Fenton, where the Anat Cohen Quartet performed for and took question from students in 5-8 grade.
research reveals "consumers higher standards" causing huge pressure on brand equity & pushing bar for brands
Northern Westchester Hospital Designated a Center of Excellence for Weighloss Surgery
accents won't stop
that's totally awesome! But, your version can't be beat!!
Merry Christmas!
Yes, you're right Tony was one of the great actors of our time.
My ankle still hurts
My Lil sisters eyes Be Going From Green , to Gray !
the apps are probably on a regular computer or your phone too
Yay? Something we should know about?
KEEP ON HELPING ALEX GET ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING <3
rose bowl, here we come!
Great idea! RT In honor of Rick Santorum, the first photo I looked at on my new iPad 3 was porn.
you two should tweet me soon! I miss you two! <3
Gun Safes: Safe storage for firearms are a popular Christmas Gift it seems. I work with GUN SAFE companies and they are selling gun vaults.
wcheck out brandi carlile. Folk artist from seattle. I've been a fan for years!
Not just to understand academia, but also to translate it. Challenge for these public intellectuals.
20-4 run in last 6 minutes. From the rebound dunk and 3 by Bost. Defense wins championships.
i won't tell your secrets. your secrets are safe with me. i will keep your secrets, just think of me as the pages in diary.
Thanksgiving is over, which means, it's time to decorate for Christmas...
The good people sleep much better at night than the bad people. Of course, the bad people enjoy the waking hours much more.
I love motown
Thanks for the follow Insight Labs Alumni (insightlabsters)! :)
thanks So much for coming I feel really bad I am just recognizing who you were. I thought too myself that lady look familiar
You got it! DM your address so we can mail your gift card.
I am beyond exhausted
I'll pull a Red Forman on them suckers
Just checked out ur blog -- those pix of you and Austin Wilde are gonna help ME cum this morning!
is our mission... just to LOVE everyone? and everything you live life with? Friends, family, lover(S)????????
Got paid today. Which means I'm buying concerts tickets till I'm broke again
Ehh with my hobby I'm sure it wouldn't take it out of me. I thought it be your age level that'd take it out of ya.
Thanks! The best thing right now is to spread the word around Facebook/Twitter.
Worst part of being unemployed = no money. Best part of being unemployed = Nap Time!!!
Super moon this weekend :0
Like write/draw your wedding comic. Get on that!
Thx sweetie! RT : hope you have had a great Mother's Day
Countdown to #CIAA!!!!
maybe some of my desperation will come across in my applications
Starships...catchy poppy bliss
Not to mention they just did a deal with the Angels.
lol thats cool and all but bottom line is, him tryin wont do a damn thing as long as the law makers hate him.
Sunday in the park with George, I think.
sharing is caring
That nap I took earlier >>>
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
no bueno. Mama doesn't have a VHS thingy :( episode should be online if you go someplace with fancy wifi
“: I'm from UAE. DUBAI”nice to meet you
Spazzing out right now. thanks for answering me, !!! :D
watching poker after dark... and it sounds like you really dislike matusow lol
I could be watching Justice live right now...
lol... yeah, you are a barbie... Nothing is ever her fault
I've been working on Mojo's World nearly all day. my eyes hurt, my hand hurts (from clicking the mouse) & it's 3am. Time to call it a night!
A Million Little Pieces, then?
now why would u wanna do that
When people say "you can't do this/ or that" it just pushes me into getting it done quicker, and 110% better then the next person.
that's how I felt watching Rocko's Modern Life. I was dying.
are you planning on having any more kids because Gideon and Harper are so adorable!!!! :D
Flew back from Houston yesterday. All Texans (I'm generalizing) have wild accents, y'all. Lived there, done that.
Happy Birthday po! God bless. :)
Guys may be flirting around all day but before they go to sleep, they always think about the girl they truly care about
huh what
Thank you again!!": Thank you! Congrats to on their 25 year celebration! They changed the face of the spa industry."
this rain is on point right about now
I'm starting to get suspicious of Amber and this Tiffany lady. >_>
Aliyah won't marry me.
Mesmerized by the colored lights on top of the Chevron bldg outside my office window.
She was way too fly for me, so we ate up on the top floor, hoping all this altitude would impress her even more!
Partly cloudy and cold tonight. Your 7-day forecast is coming up on 10TV after this basketball game!
take it easy, it don't take a lot to please me
Serani can make a dark day sunny
Nothing pbr's on a porch in perfect weather.
I received the John Steinbeck book "East of Eden" for free on www.swaptree.com.
RT : The stop light turned red. I pepper sprayed that commie
yeah, i see that(:
Off topic, but timely: If you won tonight's $540 Mega Millions Jack Pot, what's the first thing you'd buy?
3-way Skyline rocks
followed :) promote us?x
Mom you have love and supported me since day 1. Happy Mother's Day
will do been a fan for a long time.
LOL it wouldnt break! lemme know, i can make it with picture frame hooks inlayed
guess Rex Ryan was too busy taking up acting classes this year to focus on coaching the jets
No more distractions...finally hittin the hay #ColeNight World!
Go Coyotes!!!!
So happy Amanda Knox is going home to Seattle!!!!!!
Everyone has a role to play, everyone has something to offer in the movement of justice -Shane Claiborne
FUN: Intern stakes his experience on the Apple Tablet www.TagYourMug.com
you read my mind
My 2nd pair of Brooks ST5's, coming from being a Brooks Beast guy, that's a big change . Did 14 miles in my 1st pair last wknd
So excited to be at to see but I may have made up the twitter handle.
Not a problem! We love when we can get our hands on good quality kids vinyl! I'm sending you a 10% coupon via DM! :)
Coach Dble D why do people continues to listen if they don't like U? Real easy turn channel or turn off radio. Kelp it up coach!!
“I always thought I should be treated like a star.” ~Madonna
actually... I did:)
Basic Income for every human being? Do we really believe that we are living in the time that will put an end to extreme poverty?
disappointed to hear that. We feel like we have the best prices/selection out there. dm me and we'll make something happen
#HomeBoyAlone for 2 days who can I chill wit
~ Wow, I'd have never believed it ! The St.Louis Cardnals and The Texas Rangers in will face-off in the 2011 World Series! Interesting ~
We open at 4:30 today and Tues. Night Flights. 6 great #craftbeer pours for $9- Serpent's Stout anyone?
RT : Just popped in to the WPA's "Select" exhibit on 18th and L. Amazing... And free and open to the public!
for bull? Whats that like a literal bull?
Its wayto early to be arguing and tears running down my face..
RT : please help spread awareness for #RyanKennedy who is a 9yr old boy losing his battle with brain cancer. It his wi…
These drops Huge!!
My short film, FRIENDS, won Best U.S. Narrative last night at the Lovett Film Festival. So thankful for my cast & crew for their hard work!
. Hasn't been an issue since they played our freshman year (Battle of the Duanys). Look for my thoughts soon
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Social Good Detroit! We are thankful for our loved ones and mindful of those less fortunate.
thanks for the retweet
i was checking it out today... pretty cool
I love so much. I think all of Twitter needs to know it.
#CC250 MAYBE THERE ARE NO MISTAKES. ONLY WHAT WE HAVE TO FACE ❤ WOOOHHOOOOO SOUNDS LIKE AN ANGEL ❤
I havent tweeted in a while. How is everyone? <3
Wait! Meant VH1. RT: Watching Most Shocking Music Moments on E!. Now this is good TV!
I just need to know his name !
Will Art Basel this year be anything like Art Walk in Miami's Design District and Midtown?
The hell does have tatted on his face now? is that the Quiksilver logo?
Cool #trivia: April 19, 1770 land was sighted by Captain James Cook in the South Pacific. That land was
Speak when you're angry, and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret. Lawrence J Peter
When a guy leads you on..
Capital city dance team prep class tomorrow from 3-5pm!!! One more week til try outs!!!
Awesome, Jason.
I wondered why they were all in class... He better let us go next year.
yeah dude, with daddy B creepin inside
Anytime, glrl! I'm a misplaced English and Philosophy major. I live for this stuff. Have a glass of wine! Cheers.
I agree. It would take somne proving though. I think the Bologna game went wrong aswell
happy birthday great photo!
Oh actually you had it right, that was a typo. My bad!
Favorite part of night:My girls & I Singing to Party in USA outside the bar in our car. The guys had to come knock on window.
i love you (:
Did people know it was a performance? Or did they take it seriously? Private emotions, public space can get sticky.
I am a dedicated Mahomie ♥
we will see what OKC is about tonight!!!! LAKER"S BABY!!!
Smoking A Cigarette.
congrats! How'd it go?
good smile
Join us tonight at Diva for a very special Pre-Thanksgiving Party with a belly dance performance by Nese and music by DJ Savas.
Tough break, Schneider
let the food speak for itself!
music of the people by the people for the people! but great music: music of the spheres that calls on the best of humanity
later dude!!!
I'm seriously going to block you for this lmao RT : #swaggy ::justin bieber voice::
Agree, Emmy win = the new "Friends" RT : Modern Family has upside. Awards leading to buzz leading to top watched sitcom
I think we may need something smaller for this project but I'll keep my eye on it for the future - thanks for the tip
no matter how you feel,there's always gonna be something that makes you smile #TSS :)
I hate how kids that float by get everything handed to them.
both of you shhh!!
Los Angeles CA: I spent an amazing intense day in an acting workshop www.JohnSudolStudio.com Great stuff!
where have you been all my life?
Attended Loyola College reception last night at Columbia campus. Karyl Leggio announced eagerness to partner w/Howard Cty Business Commty
oh goodness!!
Airport #1 = Fargo... Passed security check now waiting to board my first plane of the day!
Going to have a few raffle giveaways tonight. If your company wants to give something away @ us, otherwise we'll just raffle Conj stuff!
both, hey I'm going to dm you
keep it real!!
Did you work today
My weenie-ass cried as I walked out of the bookstore ... Ha!
Putting finishing touches on the documentary.
Your amazing & I love you k bai
Wow you guys, can't wait for Saturday...looks phenomenal.
I am your constituent, and I oppose SOPA and PIPA.
Sometimes it's the small reminders, and not the huge accomplishments, that wake you up to the fact that your life is richly blessed.
Damn disney movies.
Support our Artists at Poised Creation! They support charities in your community!
Delicious dinner ! A true experience...thank you.
Happy Monday tweeps! **smile**
Napping on the balcony, waking up in the sunshine in January overlooking the ocean. Perfection.
Congratulations Ariel:)
Cheer practice (:
Looks like I am pulling an all nighter
'Deepwater' Illustrates Practical, Legal Challenges of Admitting E-Discovery
Despite my aversion to it, that conversation inspired me. Good to have you back in my life.
I understand. You wanted cuddle time with your bro. All good homie
Great chatting with you! RT Awesome time on with and /cc
Do you have pointy teeth? You've got the gray hair going on already. ;)
the day before yesterday I was mean, yesterday I was a crybaby, today I'm mean again. This pregnant thing is HARD.
oh god. she doesn't remember him. SHE DOESN'T REMEMBER HIM!!!!!
One follower away from 1000. When did that happen?
I think this is best weather we've ever had for 's Brew at the Zoo, yay! I am ready for a beer w/ those cuddly naked mole rats.
great stuff, as ever!
that put me over the top.
jaylon called me ugly
Delaney and Katie tie for third in 14U as does Sarah and Kaylee. Way to finish in 14U.
I'm finding this 12-3AM work block to be my most productive time of day.
Enjoyed my first pint taproom this weekend! Can see why it's the best new spot downtown to hit up before and after a Twins game!
Bahahahahaha. Thanks. Got a hotel and no outside porch furniture. :)
this trout salad at the porch is seriously the best salad I've ever had.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!33
What a comeback. It's the playoffs. Honestly I hope clips win
Lucas said leave me alone and get to work.
Hoping the CATS slam the DOORS shut today !!! #BBN #SEC CHAMPS
Someone left a random post-it on a door this morning asking what I'd do today if I could do anything... I'd run. And yoga. And beach. You?
"I'd listened 2 Laura Bell Bundy & was looking 4 feel-good music. The tracks make u smile & toe tap." -M. Darlinson⁰(4 star I-Tunes review)
i think it's time to find a better job.
somebody made the logo bigger.
Does not watching any further after the Brewers couldn't capiltalize on 2 errors in the 11th make me a bad fan, or just realistic?
Like seeing again. Loved & on early days. even goofy Zip Ship show.
hahaha love you:)
woke up to see that the lost after all? Lame!
wow. Its been a while since I've seen you. Your avi pic is simply beautiful. What have u been up too?
let me know how the A&R stuff goes for sony/atv and stop by next time you are at 550.
I miss my wish I still had my cd they have amazing song and seem like awesome dudes haha
Always Be Architectin'
Oy! I can't leave the house w/out my coffee!! Gorgeous morning here, can't wait for work to be over and the weekend to start!
sounds awesome! Posting slides anywhere?
When you have a disagreement with a loved one, see if you can find 1 piece of truth in what they are saying-see if you can argue w/out “but”
Congrats ! ACC Champs!
Also, Dorothy read that book back in January, when I was quizzing her for Talk to Teens. You got scooped by a 16 yr old! Keep up!
Answer: The world's largest jar of jelly beans.
your twitpic post on FB
Well lots of people do, ohh well I guess it takes more to get the body moving for ya
I'm using the return leg so not yet.
Fuck the free world
I love my friends c:
9 months from today is the beginning of the end..
it is the green line.
Longest day EVER! Thank God my amazing man is cooking dinner ☺
Is "wicked" SoCal slang, or do they use it on the East Coast, too?
Publishing the podcast,still waiting on the iTunes link. Will send that your way when it's ready if you want to wait for it
If East is east and West is West what happens when things go South?
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.Frank Loyd Wright
Threeve RT : Ditto. RT: : Yes. RT is it spelled gray or grey?
want an AI movie like Greek myths, and without hostile AIs and with artificially intelligent pornbots? write it! :-)
whats ya sched like today son? Me n ya nephew wanna come holla. Plus Im gon get some more stuff from u
Game dayy! #Celtics Nation!! It's gonna be a 'Bar Fight' *KG voice*
how was your day today
yes we are! Dag nab it we will play extra loud for you. :D
The five year old's air guitar in the Jeep next to us equals
no problem Lisa. I try to not be a Homer, so I doubt ill irritate you with my Wings leaning. Thanks for following back!
Loved Nine Lives last night!!!! You Can't Cancel The Show!!!
u welcome sweetie
its a lot of blog sites that love #PIL2 i mean come on people say they hate ja but his video gets 4 million views on
that did help a little ;) RT : Think #bacon ;) cc:
Major news announcement later today! What could it be?!?!
Happy Birthday to Miss !!!! Love you and enjoy your day darling!
First lunch was dry
POG. F yeah, man.
I was going to suggest Macaroni Grill.
may it be the start of a great Vegas trip!
Don't worry...there's always telesales
LMFAO, I remember I posted lyrics from a song and some jackass asked me if I was pregnant. Yeah fucking right.
RT : Mountaintops inspire leaders but valleys mature them. Winston Churchill
next time drink good beer.
please join and help us to support a cause
cool, thank you
It's a beautiful day in Charlottetown this morning. Finally feels like summer.
Thank you for the RT! Hope you're having a great week!
Great product for Christmas! Offers style and safety. Add to your Harley Street Glide or Electra Glide today.
Yeah, I use them for different things. This is actually more personal than what I do on FB, where I mostly post photos/music.
Audition today in Ohio for feature film starring Ben Kingsley then another audition this evening for a feature film in Kentucky....
No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself. Nietzsche
and now here comes another t-storm tonight trying to see if it'll knock out cable again. better not!!!! or I'd be mad
Thanks. It sucks esp bc I didn't switch to DirectTV bc YES is premium w them. The was responding to me yesterday.
thanks! I'm excited!!
Happy Birthday!! Hope you have a great day!
Trying to teach a five month old the word cylinder
thank you!!!
True True---Ill make some BANK :))..before yall come back to Dallas---Stephen I finish school tomorrow!!! FREEDOMM BRO
Good to connect with you on Linkedin
"The power of hope on the human exertion and happiness is wonderful." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p. 124
Good food Good friends =great time there! Will rent bikes this time too.
excited to head out for an interview with THE #California historian #KevinStarr about 'GoldenGateBridge for
WE LOVE YOU 2
thanks for the great pubcrawl last Sat. We look forward to working with you in the future.
Make love not war✌💗☺
I beat you to it, Frank. Yes, we here in Manhattan want to know what it feels like to be an Alaskan. Just sayin'.
omg! I am totally getting that! My b-day is that day!! Ah! Can't wait! Tick tok tick tok till feb.14
Don't "just" publish data. Try to think about actual uses for end users.
just said "it's good news for kids when Katherine Cook's out getting soaked," LOL! Thanks, Aqui...
hey did you use all Ur tickets?
Oh, you know, around. I miss you too!! Almost done w/ school, huh?
"What you seek is seeking you. ― Rumi”
": Is Bones a good show?" Yeah but it's pretty predictable. Deschanel and Boreanez have great chemistry.
aww, I am liking it more and more. I have this iPhone app called TweetBot which makes it a much more enjoyable experience.
We Play Yall In Football !
until he face plants at 2nd,I'm not buying it.
Excellent. I'm going to try the route of getting in good with local midwives so I can get some of their freezer stash.
I think I just developed asthma.
All those hours of playing Risk as a child just paid off: Correctly identified Yakutsk on a map for class ( CC: )
We just sent you our new song. There are 2 emails because the retard didn't send the right attachment at first
Canadian suit
That Safehouse movie w/Denzel was pretty tight.
Looking forward to the and after party tonight
Great game Chiefs!!!!
Who's self-concious? LOLOL If you will try and troll me, make it better.
It's weird Jonathan Lucroy doesn't know we are dating..why isn't he waving to me?
The conversation I'm having right now >
One of these days I'm going to sit down with some good beer and make my gmail account less of a disaster.
Motown always reminds me of my mom. <3 #temptations "I don't need no money, fortune or fame I've got all the riches baby 1 man could claim"
very cool. Won't be able to make it across the river. Hope you'll give a report at #NITLE symposium
Caught part of and still time to eat before work. Hoping it's a good night.
We have already raised over $60 for the
Using an understudy for the first time ever after tearing a calf muscle during last night's show. So very sad. The pain is the least of it!
What up yo?
havent been on here in a min wats up
words can't describe how amazing you and are!<3 stay amazing<3
You're too kind. Thank YOU!
u should see the raw chicken we got a few days ago- just dripping blood....after 48 hr wait from reg. mgr. still no call! :(
Trying to think about how Sizemore's theorizing of wonder in *Wieland* might be useful for revisiting sleepwalking in *EH*.
im cashing out
Liam and Silver lol all the pics and most of the tweets are of Liam with the spoon
Im gonna keep trying ; <3
Thanks to Outside the Loop Radio for the story on Story Week, with Megan Stielstra! If you missed it, listen online here...
Chicago-Fire Dept heading to Diversey & the lakefront for a boat in distress.
Watching the #NFLCombine makes me a little nostalgic for the old Velocity SP days w/ & co.
¡Enjoy this weekend The Union of the Turtle!
Bella Swan is a really silly name, and the Flatiron building is shaped like an iron.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
do you have any interest in seeing a version with the raw audio?
*phone vibrates* Yay, I have friends! "Oh, hey Mom."
On CBA, Burke says get input but look at kid learning and administrator input. Doesn't say CBA should be adopted.
Thanks for the follow! Excited to check out all the cool stuff on your site...
We have EDC and Ultra my friend. Are you coming to EDCLV?
Expect nothing less. Sew u at camp Eddie. RT : As usual #Brewers 3rd base coach Ed Sedar gets biggest applause in staff intros.
Going to bed crazy day but someone got me through it thanks
Want to have clean air coming inside your vehicle? Most people don't know they have a cabin air filter in their car.
Hey, how've you been? I haven't talked to you in forever..
+1mil. RT : Watching #DanielTosh on comedy central, I'd like to see a special with him and #DavidChappelle that would be epic
Riding my bike to work makes me feel so smug. And if you know me at all, you know that's my favorite emotion.
Thanks! My id3s pulled, but some of Spotify's override my artist and genre edits. I don't want/need 40 different metal genres.
Watching our cat ignore his first Christmas tree. Huh. Let's see what happens when there are shiny dangly things on it, eh? :)
the Aggie basketball team lost an amazing young man who was to start Texas A&M in a few weeks on a full ride basketball scholarship.
Happy Birthday To My Role Model, Michael Jordan ! I Love You Michael <3 #basketballislife <3
I'm supposed to see the rest of the first rough-cut in the next day or two. I'm excited. Then the fine-tuning begins! Yeah!
Dear users, STOP CHEATING. You're eying mayorship deals for everyone. #sls12 cc:
NASA space telescope detects light from another Earth, which is twice the size of our Earth. I wonder if the people are 2x too.
no, unfortunately. that's a mistake in the listing.
Thanks for the follow Julie. Looking forward to inspiration!
Take note " : Rules: Your couch is always open for the night-but more than 3 nights better have a good excuse"
aw, you're too sweet!
maybe! but the current natural gas surge is almost certainly a helium surge, too
"I am so sick of the term 'hipster'" -Santigold
Good company on that list of private schools.
no one's gonna tweet me back part of the song? k :C
my auntie is here :))
i dont think wer havin it tomorrow.....are we?
hey it would be about 15 minutes for a global audience; any info you want our listeners to know. our show is all christian rap
Can everyone just chill with all this bullshit? Damn, I'm so not in the mood to talk to anyone.
Hey lush, have fun. Its the weekend.
Mike: "I-1033 would be a nightmare for city government. We need to stop it." ( debate ) #seamayor ^jh
Take a look at the local level and make sure national policy reaches communities in a feasible, constructive way.
Deciding to spare twitter from the incredible amount of emotion that's about to come over me.
8.10.10: BOOKED a role in the video for the book THE INTELLIGENT DIVORCE, written by Dr. Mark Banschick..."Because Your Kids Come First".
Good luck with that. I dumped them a few months ago and couldn't be happier.
I miss you to:(
Had my every-six-weeks-ish meeting with my tenure mentor/liaison/etc. As always, he reminds me that I should try not to over commit.
that sounds delicious
Please follow me.... I followed you! ;D
John Schreiber reading a #jazz poem by Hayden Carruth at announcement
Win 2 tix to kick off party! Tweet us # of participating rests. & we'll pick a random winner from all correct entries!
wow, steve blake. wow.
haha, "we fought some that we're tearing stuff up"
thats good. And your very welcome(:
Lmao! The funny thing about that I don geh new specs!!! Lol
Who will be next: Let my people go!
When parents become involved in their children's schoolwork, they do better in school. One way is by helping your child with homework....
Found the link via story about Mike Daisey, who submitted an "investigative journalism" story with made-up shit in it. Not the same.
I will totally agree with that statement.
Quote of the Day Ideas are a dime a dozen....people who implement them are priceless!
Life is too short so kiss slowly,laugh insanely love truly and forgive quickly
too cool.
I'm in super cold Chicago! Brrr.
Penn State has offered Quin Blanding, a 2014 safety from Virginia Beach. Likely 5 star recruit in 2014.
I'm At Augusta Mall... And It's Kinda Nice:)
Guild Wars 2 pre-purchase deals, Collector&#39;s and Digital Deluxe Editions
It went undrafted, which was about the best call either of us made.
is mixing today! Great things are coming from the recording studio
thats the crack cooking 101 hallway
Why doesn't anyone DM me?
Turn off the fones and take off them clothes
and you know the taste of butt how?
From History perspective, an entire generation's work would disappear from the new. But it would draw a line in the sand.
great job at worlds!
Preparation Is Key To Succesful Java Job Interviews | Inclusive ...
"I sucked a dude's dick once. I even swallowed. But I'm not gay at all." XD
There is a lot of complaining from the men on this season of the
TD Dunbar w/20 seconds left in the half- Dunbar 21 Coolidge 13
RT : Repetition is part of training. Parents must repeat themselves often to build proper character into their kids.
Thanks for the follow! Let me know how I can help you succeed!!
Be grateful and thankful, always. This is what gets me motivated—this realization!
lakers don't get in that "A" until they get pissed at the end
some nights just scream for nutella straight out of the jar. can you deal?
I didn't share any of your secrets. That was the beauty of my comment
At home. You forgot that part
safe and natural cure
Beautiful day in the city by the bay!
Pretty sure you're more likely to hit the jackpot than the O's winning the pennant
Living rite nowww** stupid spell check
What's better than a Cheesesteak for $2.00 OFF on a gloomy day in Los Angeles!!... mention you saw this Facebook post!
Wheres my manners good morning my loves 😘☺
One of the better neck tattoos ive seen all week
Random shit on a random day in a randomm world. Would someone just watch me screw myself silly on cam, just for a minute?
what's your mind on?
sounds like an epic fucking storm here in Chi-town.
Short $SINA into earnings. $BIDU and $SOHU didn't do so hot
We go on around 7 tonight at Skrappy's. Let's do it up Tucson.
I hate admitting that I like Lana Del Rey
Fly to DFW tonight then drive to ATL then to PHL. For now off to see the liberty bell.
I want to be with no one else but Shane A. L :)
#REASONSTOBEATYOURGIRLFRIEND WHEN SHE NOW YOU TAKE CARE OF YOUR KID BUT WHEN YALL BREAK UP SHE WANT TO TAKE YOU TO COURT...TRIFLIN HOE
This day is gonna be awesome
Fuck the lines at WalMart.
I hate when mornings start like this :.((
what happened with the arrests? Was it overnight or this morning.
that has nothing to do with degrading your race. If he called you the n word, then that would be disrespectful to your race.
1-2-3 inning for Maryland in the bottom half of the 5th. Skinkis with a nice pickup at short to throw out McCann. Terps up 6-5.
we need to jump latyia :x
Thanks for the follow! You wear many hats...
Lighter Side of Green – Jokes, One Liners, Anecdotes
just caught first glimpse of printed program in Bob Rycroft's hands. It looks good!
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated
A PR Pro's guide to twitter....duh! What a genius idea @ prtini!
Nurses campaign to heal the world was a sunny delight.
I agree with you on Joe.
I am so sleepy. Night night
yep and all these drunk thoughts are crossing my mind while I'm in bible class lol
Wanna ps3
Im in need of some new shoes soon like right now
Fair question. Although they probably had a similar number five years ago, no?
late night cravingss
thanks, guys. It is -- as the kids these days say -- bad curatin'.
How can nonprofits work w/Admin to overcome geographic barriers & poverty which contribute to lack of basic ed resources for rural?
Yes, I am always having to look up Central time.
I know. They become a mess when there is 30 seconds on the clock
Culvers has biscuit burgers!!!!
Thx to our new followers!
Thx for the love... keep helping people reach their financial and retirement goals.
#TONIGHT Going out: "Going out" via
I auditioned for Judy: the Musical tonight, a real Equity production.
if u can see this good come on tinychat cuz ryan in there he wants u on plz come on thx ^_^
Just finished watching the next Iron Chef congrats Chef Zacharian, sorry I was rooting for Chef Falkner though...
I know where I'm going cause I'm know where I been. #;
you need to bring in for a master workshop. Original WestCoast Pioneers serious history. Be the first.
just got ur msg from yesterday, sorry, didn't get msg to him.
Debate with colleague about the virtues of using /usr/local. He hates it I like it.
summer jams go be slappingg :) im going.
Thanks Max
Vote like your school depends on it High school #lsc elections 2day 6a-7p
Love it!
"hey tyler...you like corn chips??" "noonooo..i like corn nuts....."
ONE-LINER: It's people that give drinking a bad name.
is Probably take clippers +11.5
Favor vetoing state budget if it doesn’t restore bargaining? Dem primary voters, yes, 37%, no 48%.
Vringo and du Agree to Launch Subscription Video Service
You are indeed! I am so happy for , because as you learn, you tweet, then we learn.
Whats up with the delayed timer in redsn0w? It's moving allot slower than usual.
Took me awhile to figure out that the Alex everyone is retweeting isn't the real one.
would've looked good with Sutro filter.
McDonald's run
i want him to follow me.. HES FREAKIN BEAST
Ahh yes, eloquently eloquent art. The kind that makes you say "WTFF?". That's my favorite. :-)
i'm in ny! Staying w she says u r here! Here till 1pm tomorrow. What are u doing for the next 36 hrs?
Less than eights hours until the weekend!!!!! Woot.
Had some ihop
#Twitter issues anyone? My home feed is empty all of a sudden! Halloween trick perhaps?
RT : Who is planning on attending the next City Council Meeting? #Ilovejax >>I'll be there!
Anyone know of an all natural #gummybears or #gummyworms? I would like some, but all have artificial colors & flavors.
Crazy shot by Nick Young. 4-point play!
It's true! I bet they have oragami scholarships in Japan. I'll ask my husband.
I dont kno why i let it get this far...
Sp great to see Monique Coleman in NYC after hearing her last week
she's a traveling girl, if so I guess NYC will be my new Vaca spot!!! You got room for me lol
You're #drunk #rightnow aren't you?
Thanks . Just made a special someone's day w/ Chocolate Dipped Strawberries, Apples & Bananas. Best 40 bucks spent in a long time!
Genuine question: Why are conservatives so obsessed with knowing Obama's college grades? What do they think they'll find?
Music is as much a part of history as many other artistic masterpieces.
Yep. Call
LMBO! gotta let folks know at an early age these days lmbo
natasha looks as confused as me.
Audience member asks what legislation/policy could be passed to help the movement.
Add me on skype :) my skype name is hollymckenzie15
Had some terrific auditions lately! Burger King commercial audition today went fantastic. Hoping for some great results! come on! :)
Anything new on the arson spree?
Follow me on my official account:)
"The Avengers" lived up to the hype.
So true...but that's the problem with most of the places I go to.
I wish I had a valentine
: Kobe doesn't have any HOFers. And his coach is eating off LeBron and Popovich's equity.
haha Well said!
Life back to normal :)
Thanks for coming to the authorspeak session.
:) that's the motto of RT : "YOL9x!" -Cats
#arresteddevelopment is trending, yay! now if it were only trending as much in the real world, it might not have been cancelled.
Dont you hate ugly people who walk like they look good? Lmbo
RT - Jason Taylor of The Miami Dolphins is pretty damn hot:-)
#vicemagazine glad you're into RDIO. Reviewing 12 albums in a row spams the activity list of your followers. :-|
Sunday Best!!! Amber Bullock!
I hate waking up when it's still dark outside.
Wisconsin wins - 1st shrinks to 55 tied
What mahomies got Facebook!?
i Know the feeling, trust me
. I liked discussion on "designed loss of control", corp IT's response to consumerization -- already highered's default mode.
Thanks! Yeah, it can be tricky to get one - keep trying though, it's lots of fun :-)
So great seeing tonight!
It's funny how people get mad about being blown off, decide to hang with someone else and then end up blowing off that other person...
QoTD: "When you reach the top, keep climbing." (Zen Proverb)
SPURS WILL WIN THE FINALS IN SIX GAME. FAVORITE/RT THIS SHIT. IDGAF.
Big loss to Lulea. #Vaxjo needs to take down Modo next year. Season's over, right? At least they didn't end in the bottom two
Hi there :) Was following up w/u to see if u had recv'd all the info we sent re: Olde Towne Pet Resort for ur feature article?
thanks man. sorry this week was such a bust. I was really looking forward to connecting with you.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life
holding you to it. Perhaps I can stop in your classroom, be guest lecturer? Miss the classroom dearly.
A storm cloud weighs an average of 200,000 elephants. DAYUM.
Are you signed up for Groupon? Tuesday August 3rd check out our offer.
Just made it home about to lay it down!! I had a fucking blast!!!! Man o man, downtown gots some hott ass bars!!! Night Twitches!!!
We all okay :)
Retail therapy... I need you.
And the news gets better and better.....
always makes plays when crunch time, is just great at what he does.Won or Lose I'm still a #BaylorFan!
I know D:
RT white people think #CommonDMVphrases is about the dept of motor vehicles // ahaha lol was it not? wanna explain then please?
so because someone paid you but didn't RT or leave a comment for a shorty award they get pushed back?
Looking ok 2 day. Feeling good feeling great. Lol
Vegetarian, anti-tobacco, anti-alcohol. Sheesh. Hitler was one hell of a party pooper!
The film Black November starring Mickey Rourke & Kim Basinger is set for release this Spring! Yours truly is in it! Premier date coming!
every time i say it i have to say in a British accent!! lol
get like 50 bucks. Train tickets are like 5 just take like 45 for food or if we get into some sort of trouble. Lol
My Friday nights usually just consist of work, cleaning, cooking, gym, & movie night. Blah I need a boyfriend :( lol
She doesn't deserve you...
never say never right !  I'll do what ever it takes to make my cousin see you 
So sad to say goodbye to our two amazing interns today. , I'm talking to you! And Maddy too. We'll miss you both like crazy.
I'm pretty sure I made like 5 new best friends today. Howww cool. (:
Great news about your new internship! RT : Had a great first day at
really sick of hearing about my parents problems it's making me want to leave my house for fuckin good
Sadly, no. But we did purchase 1.5 lbs of delicious cheese. I'll be shocked if it lasts 24 hours.
Dope Photography !
Thanks to , , , and everyone else who helped get the word out about PVLA workshops.
My Super Psycho Ex Girlfriend
Ditto! I think that made it confusing for me growing up. 8 years touring choir
dude you would look rad w a lambeau field neck tat!
Mane this is the life.
Ok its official, forget all the times I bitched, I want to move back to Florida, work at Disney again and live happily ever after!!!!
lol just make them do lots of pushups
Share your pictures after !!!
Let's go #Rangers! #BeatThePanthers!
:( i know the feeling
PPL spend so much time complaining about the youth, what do you do to help them?
Thanksgiving: Passover matzah finally stale enough to be Thanksgiving stuffing.
Yelling in the mall "VINCENT CASTRONOVO IS IN CHICAGO!" now thats GRAND
Shakespeare Super Condex Salmon Fly Reel - Salmon Fishing- shakespeare fly reels
who won
its cinco de mayo!!!!
call me at 6789635089
Congrats to Garlic Knot for opening their 92nd and Wadsworth location. Our Louie the Link will be out there all weekend.
and KILL US ALL?
no fan of Keynes, here's what he'd say re groupon: Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent
Amen to that, the people put him there! Wonder if any protesters voted for Walker in the election, talk about irony.
that sounds awful and i told you i got stuff to do in the morning!
Wow, magicians sure take the whole dress code thing seriously
Thanks for all of the +K's :)
#CLIPPERS moving on... #Gizzlies are dust in the rear view mirror.
The sun!!
I don't know who's cuter...you or !
Have you abandoned flickr? If so, where are you posting now?
Words With Friends on Facebook kickass!
Yup. Last straw. Time to find a new job. Any leads would be much appreciated, Twitterfolk!
haha may need a few extra paychecks to help with that one. Ride soon?
where you at
freedom is the right of all people but slowly the guys in power want to control all that i guess thats whats happening with
- on the phone with giving ha dat good advice lol
RT Suggestions to distract u from cravings- look up diet websites,polish ur nails,write e-mails,take a walk,do deep breathing
whoever that was lost out big time ,Sucks for that guy if I was him I would be depressed
Why thank you! =D
The Grannies are hoping that everyone has been enjoying the Fall weather, we sure are!
this kansas weather gave me a cold.
Facebook would be way cooler if it was on t.v. : "In other news Brian's ex-girlfriend is still a cold, heartless bitch. Details at 11
Lmao xD ": I love how my cousins call me ugly, I'm all thanks, as if i didn't already know that . -_-"
Thanks for the love!
Receiving very nice messages from North Dakota Sioux friends. Rivalries are good... friendships are better
lol knock it off. You know we aren't going to Steves. Get some sleep so you can wake up when you need to, haha
probably because they don't think they're going to live for more than 5 more years from all the drugs they take
The point is that this isolated tragedy has been blown up into a national "attack on blacks." Read the press articles!
You're a cute lil' ticker. That's probably why they were staring - hehe.
text me
Major pet peeve: the post-shower poo.
Happy birthday to our wonderful Communications Director !
PROVO=BEAST MODE!
First genuine shock, Carolina Take Kuechly over Fletcher Cox.
#What2ChainzWouldSay 2chainz I got 10 dreads, I getter done, red neck. Im in the kitchen like I'm cookin stew my bitch yellow like PIKACHU!!
A takeaway for me is the strong movement in condos. That's how buyers get started on the equity cycle that feeds the market.
also, the Duke of college basketball this year and the Duke of college football every year (except this past one), right?
KILLA!!! Now we just need to start rapping!!
I hope so too are u gonna be in searcy
I think I made 6 bucks buying and reselling it real quick!
Wednesday gossip roundup: Is model Baptiste Giabiconi Katy Perry's boyfriend? - Metro.us
You were the one in the Prius
I don't know why I ever hesitated in the past. You came a long way and produce a solid end product. Worth every penny.
Wanted to hit Woodman's and do some grocery shopping, but it looks like rain :-/
are you going to see Cody and BTR?
i watched that yesterday and bawled.
I'm excited the Ohio date is going to work for you to come to!! We would love to see you & your friends at both dates!! :)
It reminded me of one paper a friend of my read about the "Dairy of Anne Frank"
DAMMIT!! Just read the rules. My daughter isn't 13. :o(
It's an kind of day! Ah!
Gonna re-up on this thing. Got a movie to promote. Premieres in 8 days @ opening night SXSW. You should go see it! (J/K its totes sold out!)
Oh fun. Let me know what kind of success you have. I want to map my intellectuals...maybe, someday.
RT I might have taken that offensively, but you spelled you're wrong #gobackto1stgrade... Hahahah who am I kidding
up next...doggyccino
#OneThingIveNeverDone is to see the northern lights/ aurora borealis in person.... it's definitely on my bucket list.
I got to go ttyl
how? And I don't do shows any more it's all about club and raver life for me
Want to enroll is ? Do it now! Enroll btwn Tuesday April 17th and Friday April 20th and receive the iPad3 and a $500 grant.
HA! At least come football season we'll be rooting for the same team!
My new young chick look exactly like Rihanna! Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna!
thanks gerry I do have a pretty good team here @ home and here on twitter<3<3<3<3
Thought at Work meeting happening now in conference room. Be there, or be square.
The bed is still spinning 🌀🌀🌀😨
is there a problem
i'm crying and i'm not even sad. i hate allergies!
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game. - Michael Jordan
PayPal. A license to steal your money!
the hip is what scares me
What have I become?
Everything was going smooth until we hit this buzz saw of traffic on the 710 fwy. Only 2 lanes open... Sucks
USGS: Strong 6.7-magnitude earthquake shakes central Chile
rescue me is SO intense and every other scene is sex
Not alright . Your mean
Parents went to mothers day dinner...without the kids. 😲
Yeah, the articles have gone down big time since the end of Ken Macha. Now I know why
bout to hurry up and put music on this man ipod then start packing my bags
Drop Rush!
We are playing #beastieboys in the office in memory of Adam Yauch, may he RIP.
I did. It looked so bad. Haha the look on her face was great.
Anyone taking forensics, public speaking, and humanities next year? Haha i feel like i just changed my entire schedule
lol..don't judge my life!. I had a headache out this world.. And that medicine knocked me out 😔
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty. (John D. Rockefeller Jr.)
Yowza! Well done!
A bunch of my Tally friends are going skydiving today (organized by ) and I'm kind of disappointed I couldn't join
i never know with you!
if you'd stop going to so many dang concerts you could afford it
"It's the perfect day for yoyoing" = happy son.
Hop, skip and jump from there. If I wasn't at the station, I'd say let's grab breakfast.
OH FA SHO
My life right and my money tight, just need someone who I can share this happiness with...
Dear All time low please get you asses to more Southern Florida. not just just fucking Jacksonville and Orlando.
I just want to be loved by you <3
“: Our pleasure... You sounded great last night.”THANK U for such kind words!! :-)
If the cards sign him hell be good for a few games ... Cards o line is awful ... Would be a dumb choice
Eric Church "Chief" Country, but great lyrics and a lot of rock tones. Give it 2 listens over the Atlantic and you will like
thrilled actually. Jersey girls arent classy like u.
Girls outside hugging and holding onto their boyfriends, like relax its a small fire you weren't even close to being dead.
omg I'm nice to you Jenn! & Manny, of course I'm nice to you :))
Why are the people I work with so fucking weird?
"street smart is just something dumb people say when then wanna use the word smart."
Hey! Coming to Movember tonight? Get there before midnight! Free pizza at 9, & we're shutting down at 12! The party is underway now! :D
da fuck you look like a nerd?
Hm, eastbound and down or #oscars - tough call...NOT #kennypowers rules
Oh my! I'm so happy I clicked that link. My freshman year roommate got me into Asobi Seksu way back when. yayayaya
sounds like a date to me :)
Hey Tweet peeps/FB friends, I need more followers
I've also done it sooner, then you can do the same!
We are a full service mailing services firm in Albuquerque. Call us today and learn how we can help you! 505-899-3104
I'm dying to play. But I'm a Mac user...so I wait. it's amazing?
I must finish up some stuff today, hundreds of things started.... focus, focus, ...
There's a toddler with a harmonica today in the office. And we had chocolate chip pancakes. Why is today amazing???
...and yet more people I speak to want a quiet space, which there is precious little of in modern society. Where is the greatest balance?
know what? :p
Good stuff!
Thanks for sharing our news! We are super pumped to be able to provide internet access in 195 countries now.
I really, really hate cancer.
Just leaving a 5 hour long meeting for our final Senior Project....
Learn to market and brand yourself. Don't get mad at other folks and their success. Never pays off. You don't know who is watching.
GREAT play by Conrad at third
see I knew u wanted to skype u instanly gav yo screen name...
Saw Jack Goes Boating at ART tonight and totally loved it. Beautifully cast, lovingly produced. BTW it closes this weekend, so GET THERE.
About to go for a run on the beach. I hope the tides are low. Then back to work. Good things are coming for my #actor and #actress friends.
quit posting long tweets im too LAZY
#one thing that made me smile was hanging out with my friends and making some awesome posters for school :)
I've been doing so much damn test prep this year. It's like some mad experiment. When will the trials end? When can we go back 2 teaching?
thank you for follow me.. i follow back.. asap
Right, what I meant was it's a non-issue going forward from the end of the suspension.
....Just RT this, please?
Its in the program too pg 1 RT : "everything you need to know about edUi" email. RT : #eduiconf?
Haven't felt well today. But no matter what, I will continue to share w/ you what I can, when I can. Help others & share info when U can.
is the sexiest bass player ever!!!!!!!!
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =)58
Nice! If you get the chance and have some daylight left, try to jump over to Caldera Links. 9 Hole Par 3 track. Well designed.
Clearly I should never be left alone with scissors
And incredibly nostalgic. ": Back in the beautiful northwest...my home. Rain is calming"
What excuse do you use most often?
school :S
Now this is the Sir Paul I want to hear.
Earth Quacking
diddy is such a bitch
How do you spell hero? G-U-T-O.
sigh - i know. i like it when he's under the radar, head down and just playin'. let the other guys take the spotlight.
Nice thighs, nice waist, and you know I can't forget about your face ;)
COME ROCK W/ ME!!!! WWW.RADIO-MEMPHIS.COM---- PLAYING LOCAL UNSIGNED/INDIE MUSIC ALL THE TIME!!!
Woke up middle of the night, & thought of a great tweet. Figured it was so good, I'd remember it. Woke up this morning...nothing.
hey. Olive you. Buy.
omg I literally just saw this too and now I'm crying 😭 wtf is wrong with this world.
#French alphabet. :)
I love you bob uecker, please don't have a heart attack
boy bye you late.
Sick😰.. wishing was here :(
My new book for Black Writers On Tour April 16th. " How To Write A Book Made Simple"
Will you be heading out to #drinkingaboutmuseums tomorrow ?!?
Hey #swprinceton, we're ready to help from the West Coast, tweet us, post on our forums or email
Puppies are a lot of work..
Really bitch please!! Yep
Yay! Welcome to
When Howard hits free agency he'll sign in Boston..KG and Ray come off the books..
take her to the car, bloop bloop
and in the end.... the pain you get is equal to the pain you make.......
what a cruel cruel joke pandora. play a commerical for vitamin water?
like the salmon of capistrano, the crust/gutter punks are starting to make their yearly stop at North/Damen
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize that I DON'T LIKE YOU SO FRICKEN LEAVE ME ALONE
Who's looking for a free ride in a #Zipcar #BMW?
NE Columbia Blvd will be closed for a while due to an accident involving a semi and two SUV's.
I'm excited for tomorrows Heat game though....on their way to a fucking sweep!
Wow so ur mad b/c I made a joke about kids? Um, #pathetic...unless #mindlessbehavior are your brothers or children
I look like a chipmunk...
This Is what you get for fuckin around with yakuzas, Go home to your mother.
Love may fade with the season, but some friendships are year around.
One of my favorites of 2008. The climactic scene between Sally Hawkins and Eddie Marsan is arresting
where is the new place going to be? Rush??
Bollox with a dash of bollix. All of the wisdom I hope to get from today. Hope there's a free spirit around with a sprinkling of experience.
Please don't suck up to Sean Amore... That guy is already insufferable!
RT : Uncomfortable interview Q: "were you ever fired?" Develop 1-2 sentence answer that is both truthful & positive .
Great to see hear from you and thanks for checking out Bokeh. Will you be at SIGGRAPH this year?
RT : Chat w LJ’s Brian Kenney @ 1:00 Networking Lounge: Patron Profiles can support #pub lib decisions re: collections,...
Do you have any good Southern Shavuot recipes?
The Real TJones 'bout to teach ya about Kentucky! getting it done.
"I'm looking at all these words and one I don't see is popular" #erl12 Do librarians have a unique type of #leadership?
thrilled to have your follow! You all rock , & have paved way for dev of new funding streams 4 NPOs across the world
RT : The only people that flee startups after acquisition are just the most valuable users in the system. No biggie.
"let's at least have the conversation." thank you Jon.
Am I going to see you at Balticon this month?
I LOVE Ian! This Kid "I Sounded Just Like Him Didn't I?" MOS WANTED
I haven't even looked hahaha
Good I want to see that joint
I teach high school seniors planning on going to college. This scares them and their families.
Farmpark features rail fun all weekend - Plain Dealer (blog)
Text me!
Working until 730 on a Friday
good luck!!
yaaay! You're so sweet!
: I've seen enough! Get LeBron in the gym and teach him some f*cking moves with the ball! (Some footwork might help too)
since when do paramedics "clean up" someone and not bandage wounds or abrasions?
Catching up on the season finales from last night, so far, some of the best episodes this year and maybe beyond
Happy birthday !! Hope its a good one man!
Who are these folks on Morning Joe, MSNBC? Trying to down our President.
Totally disgusting!
What she talkin about
Great collection of iPad apps for math!
That's MAJOR!
Christina Aguilera is starting to look rideable in a completely nonsexual livestock kind of way.
oh i know him and gabe
Let me get a #retweet if you #LOVE #Jesus.,
RT : There's a librarian convention going on here. How freaking random.
Book Club's next read: American Shaolin, by Matthew Polly.
": Watching this segment I look at Bama in a different light.. I'm proud of you boys - Class u won't find on a Saban team!
RT : TONIGHT All Stars viewing party! Come join the fun! Doors at 6 show at 7PM!
When's the last time anyone was talking about TIME magazine?
SALT! I think you're supposed to gargle salt...
hell yeah bro
Well if you find out please let me know ok? Thank you. <3
"THAT'S ITALIAN FOR POPCORN!"
Where's taco bell when you need it!
I am about to fall asleep on my keyboard. Thank God I already have the coffee pot set to go at 7.
Appreciate the follows everyone
Alcoholism fight misses some binge drinkers
Is there a teen/young woman magazine for girls of color? I can't find one anywhere!
Thanks for the RT Jamie! Will you be at Expo this year?
you are awesome! Did it go away yet?
"Inspiration and genius--one and the same." -Victor Hugo
Oh, I was gonna pay with quarters, but if you prefer, I have a few dollar bills.
Irony: people who drive a Ford Focus that have no focus.
Need a night with the girls after the Halloween madness? Join us for Girls Night Out Thursday at Sanctuary 4 sweets and shopping!...
Excited to work w/ Mark Hoover of Ignite Your Business! Wonderful speaker & past Pres. of Direct Marketing Assn.
/ SHWEET! Win-win for everyone methinks... thanks, too for getting your BUZ on. Really helping us work some of the kinks out...
But what, Peter?
atta boy way to get the record.
you making me feel bad lol
Thanks so much Simon!We have some big things in the works so look out soon.
Just accessioned a huge collection: 551 items. They're all Word docs and PDFs so it's < 250 MB, but 551 items sounds way better.
HOw much do you really ???????
Don't feed the trolls, don't feed the trolls, don't feed the trolls....
can we to send you money for your various health problems?
Grilled cheese sounds awesome right now!
lol the bell rings at 11:11 in my school so I have a couple times:p
my old roomate uses blackplanet? really.
I love you<3
well she picked the right home with grill..no way could I kill those little fellas
#OnMyWishList That I finish our new website by our new launch date of March 1st, 2012!
Hangin out with the family today, lets try not to get arrested again!
I'll complain all I want because I don't give a fuck what anyone else thinks in band or no in band.!
and is honored to have you!
that's what yu get for loving somebody like me .
Ditto. About the sick part.
Saying "You had to be there" when you realize your story isnt funny.
Totally went to work today. My department was closed. Back to bed.
So true. RT Reading is the nourishment that lets you do interesting work. JENNIFER EGAN
Steve I give you 2 thumbs up for using "cockles" in a legitimate sentence :)
Hang out Thursday music, beautiful people, outdoors, fun. 2:30-6:30pm. c u there! hayesvalleyfarm.com
Good Morning.... "Happy Weekend"
is glad you came back in time for book club :)
Your pup is in our thoughts! We retweeted.
'I met Darryl Hall at Mick Jagger's birthday when I went with Duran Duran.' - Justin Bond
Is singing tonight 8-Midnight w/ Kevin Fort, Doug Hayes and Chris Madsen
Finally some rain out here on the west coast! Use coupon code "storm" and save $10 on a waterproof shuffle to take jogging in the rain.
the usual...sittin in my room listening to some sex pistols!
Happens all the time. Hm.
How about we get back to job creation and the economy- maybe defense of OUR nation? #move on
RT : ESPN - Matt Meyers: "it appears Atlanta is poised to regain its chokehold on the division"
what building are you in?
I only follow Phaedra and Kandi - they seem like the realest ppl on
Few things are better than a Wednesday night with drinking wine and watching
Man City loves Neil Diamond as well. Sweet Caroline. Sweet win.
GO NY Knickerbockers!
oh so you're a cow now.? Lol anyways whats up?
You too!
When all else fails, fuck it, just show Ward vs Gatti. That'll keep em watching!!
did I meet with her yesterday? If so they were a really nice couple with a lot of questions :)
": Is this the #CMA's or the #Grammys. I thought they had their own music awards show. SMDH" It's def not BET awards!
BROWARD COUNTY SWAG VIDEO COMInG SOON
Cant wait till my boyfriend gets out of school.
Great news - Congrats!
If you're afraid to let someone see your weaknesses, take this to heart: nobody is perfect.
Would still kill for the 6 wives of Henry VI or Elizabeth I. Love me some Tudors.
post it! I want to check it out.
C'mon guys Go follow !! I want a goodnight text :)
I did have on sunscreen :( lots of it
We look forward to seeing you!
I don't know exactly. Btw, I really miss virgine rocks as well as you. I also hope you're having a great time :) xoxo honey♥
peAce bruh! Dont ask me for nothing, ever again.
Worship or prayer has to be a full-time awareness of eternal Reality.
Glad to see you're moving forward.
I love Faye!!!
haha you can try (x but that's not till next wednesdayy :D
Thanks! Now I'm curious about which quote you used... :)
WTF? Is she the Godfather or something?
Cabrera in Tigers' lineup despite alcohol incident
Love Google's celebration of Muybridge's birthday today!
Okay, only 4 cats fans in the bar.... Cats still
did u received my message
i think it's funny that houstonians speed up for pedestrians. that'll teach 'em.
Welcome to the Canyon Trak, even that we are a single Sail from our "mother boat" which is Endeavour Networks
Blah blah blah
It smells like burnt lean cuisine in the library.
i do!
That's nice of you :)
it's true, But we didn't have this stellar team either
Wishing you and yours peace within and love above all. To those celebrating today - Merry Christmas.
ewwww I know
Tiger misses the fairway farther than any other premier player on tour.
We enjoyed hearing Chief Innovation Officer Naomi Fried speak on "Innovating Innovation" at the recent #iHT2 Summit in ATL!
“: <3 RT : love you dudes!” love the band love being spread,
nothing about to get some shoes
RT HELP! Apple or android apps?
Next time you have to sit in the waiting room and fill out forms, ask your doctor why they don't have RegisterPatient.
Every time I listen to 'Little Amy' from the series 5 #DoctorWho soundtrack, I get a little misty-eyed.
Anxiously awaiting word on an offer on one of my wholesale deals...
I'm running out of things to tweet.
Disclaimer: the fantasy / reality breakdown of my feed is about 50/50.
For 68, Gladys can 'shake it baby'
Monthly Mega Networking Event is TONIGHT @ Johnny's Irish Pub! 4:30-7:30. #ROC #networking Come grow your local professional network!
don't be making faces at me :-P haha
Why hit me w/ a " Man don't talk to me like a client. Your verbiage is too professional off the clock. Thanks" text. LMAO.
YEA.. see that's a great answer. my favorite answer would "wow!"
What's sad is I just went to the store for a gallon of milk because the half gallon I had won't last me through the night. I love moo juice
That's right! RT": It may take a #Capricorn awhile to decide what want, but once we do,nothing will stand in our way."
Did Godspell not get one nomination?
Braun has career night, but #Brewers and fans must enjoy an easy win for once this season.
I want a texting buddy:)
My dads driving me to the airport, left at 2am for 5am flight.....Best dad EVES!!
Weekend schedule! Friday at Suite21 and Saturday at E-Bar!
Thank you so much for the RT! Can't wait to see you at #CHIchat tomorrow! :)
YOLO night, Kings island & boating this weekend ? Count me in!
The same for me. It took about a little over a year from the day I received an invitation until the day i did my 1st tweet.
USC has a marriage counseling program through rossier
RT : checkout that's my new charity and we taken over.
Almost getting back to normal. Leaving my house this evening and thank goodness I won't be looking like how I have felt the past few days!
It was a very long day & there was no coffee machine! Ha so it wouldn't have been the best place to meet anyway :-)
seeing mr. smith downtown <<< with his children !
guess ill have to do for now lol, i like cupcakes RT : shemar Moore doesn't have a Twitter anymore :c
Lovely outside now. Happy hour outside anyone? Just let me know where.
God is good.Everything He made is good!Dont put yourself down for who you are.God created you. All He made was good.Therefore, you are good.
Clinton did RT : RT : It's a women's event, what is he supposed to say "suck my dick bitch!"
I'm about to DIE cuz they NEED to play #SAYSOMETHIN already I can't wait any longer!!!
Can you post different Tweets for your different Twitter Lists?
