#rumorhasit we are getting dartboards!
I do not ever want to break what we have cuz its too good....3/5/12<3
west virginia, small state i hate it lol. so everything i say is with a country accent. ;) its sexy lol jk its awful
Median home value.
haha I wouldn't blame you. Hamilton is scary good
I wish Kentucky was on that list.
S/O Your welcome and thanks for the love!! Ready for ??
T-minus one day until I'm 18... Who wants to do illegal things before I'm legal?? Haha
omg jonas brothers were mentioned on my tv sxdzcbhfdbcxfhyrde
An eye for an eye only blinds more people.
#nf my tall ethiopian, :-)
Game day today(: wish us luck UNDEFEATED LADY PATRIOTS!(:
Circus life under the big top world. We all need the clowns to make us smile.
All my Facebook Friends get at me on twitter!
where've you been?? Nice to hear from you! Follow Anthony
Hahah I hate girls
Always love reading your #golf tweets! Thank you for all your contributions to the game!
Come and get some #salmon Poke and #ceviche Bowls at the Farmers Market Santa Teresa Kaiser. Don't be afraid of the rain #sanjose!
I've ben good. you don't like talking to me do you?
Okay, forget it -- I'm getting up now.
my masters thesis is about underachieving boys jon so I would love to help x
I'm pretty shallow. Whenever I open a package of bread, I skip the first slice because it’s ugly.
Today's slate also features an extra screening of the opening night film, John Chuldenko's "Nesting" at 3:40.
Follow me on twitter:
. Get everyone over to Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio for & the Underdawgs at 10p BEST ACT OF THE FEST!
Thanks for following me back. I love your covers and wish I could visit Norway. Such a beautiful country.
Jaws on the floor. My mom is just so unfair. I quit trying to talk to her.
DONE WITH THE SEMESTER
Anyone know if you can track across domains when you aren't in control of both sites? Is tracking code a necessity?
btw that's not a "boo hoo i'm a girl who wants attention because i feel ugly" tweet, that's a matter of fact statement about asexuality :)
Hey, whatever. Screw you guys. If Jack White wrote it, you'd say it's genius.
lookin' for a girl, I ran into a guy. His name was MCA I said howdy, he said hi. :)
the paper loved to play on ur name
Starting a new painting today, called "echo," echo, echo, echo...
There's the Volstad I was waiting for.
just recruited Torianno!
lucky ass lol and this nap I took earlier didn't help 😒
I love doing that. There are worse habits.
The defense may look bad on TV, but in reality, they're probably even worse than that. Another sigh of relief.
": The naked truth is better than a well dressed lie. #TP"
If they've had persistent oral motor issues... this certainly makes sense.
I wanna meet someone who picked Norfolk state and actually thought it was gonna win...
Gain confidence in your reading skills by reading to a trained canine at the River Park Branch on May 12th and 26th at 2 p.m. For ages 6-11.
You are an amazing, talented woman with a beautiful heart. I'll always be a huge fan :)
#AintNothingLike waking up period . Good Morning you're alive. R.i.p. to every single person we've lost.
We'll retake it :)
But we're laying down and everything though! We think it started in our youth, when that guy said that thing about our face
If you follow the crowd you will only go as far as the crowd goes.If you lead then you will go as far as your dreams carry you!!
The mousies ate all of the cracker and apple and were cuddled together this morning. I hope they manage to stay together in the woods.
This week's Lunch Special - Chunky Braised Chicken Vegetable Stew - is so good, you may not mind that it's not warm outside.
Clark does not know how to pass!!
ready to sign me cutting it close loud interscope or Stephanie Swift x contract dude et g shi
Great Day...Arena was good ...the Hat was chill..got a early morning tomorrow
We're slightly biased, but #Vegas is as epic as it's going to get :)
Are You Painting It BLUE?! lol i love blue <3 **Always<3**
Bicycle commute to school begins today. Hopefully everything will be fine, and I won't find any "road warriors" out there.
Tuesday we roll out the Summer BBQ Menu! Come by and try some of your new favorites!
Still working on some uploads?
videos Bout to check out this Grey
GIVE A LITTLE TIME TO ME WE'LL BURN THIS OUT WE'LL PLAY HIDE AND SEEK TO TURN THIS AROUND
I better get well soon, or die. This sick business isn't working out.
We here on the Smart Aleck Staff believe in a world without worksheets.
Happy #openingday Seattle! Go M's!
yes lol i'm pregnant James
Nice to see you again March, did you remember to bring the warm weather??
Heyy everyone please get the word around for people to follow me and I follow bak
heey I love you♥ :)
You have a great number of people reading your blog posts daily
RT Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to you, not because they are nice, but because YOU are. ~ Unknown
Me too.. RT : I'm gonna bawl my eyes out when wowp finishes :(
♥ u *hates that I'm single now and all the good guys are so far away* wishes u were from Cleveland
Good morning beautiful <3 (:
Having long hair and blue eyes>>>
had a great time at the quince tonight :)
i didnt get to watch the game. who lost today? (;
Stay warm! Have you tried a 'chider'? Hot apple cider mixed with chai tea = delicious! What's your favorite winter snack?
If you want to stand out from the crowd, don't follow them.
Maybe it is
because you cant practice those kids of moves
Yes! You must have a new number (again). DM me.
oh u shld let me give u my old meez 11daisy?she is so tottaly ur type emo and has bangs my smexy boo meez
Broke?? Me?? Who has ever seen me broke?? *Crickets* Thought so.
We should vid chat soon and we can get stupid. I'm definitely making it out to saff. Cali has my beaches too!
Here at Hawthorne #Burgerville you can pick up a copy of the Shaker's CD with a free ticket to OMSI's Body World!
Hater: Jake T Austin has no fans. Me: What'd you say? I couldn't hear you over a millions of girls screaming his name.
Squid ink pasta? Yes. Just let it happen.
Is it weird that I feel like we're in a club here?
BBQ Ozone Park flow......
We are good. Just helping people save money on life insurance!
You go girl I'd tap that
Can't stop staring at this ugly couple next to me. The girl is wearing white leg warmers with fucking brogue pumps. What the phantom menace!
we'll consider :-)
Congratulations. You are going to do well.
think I'll make Ribolita tomorrow. My father-in-law loves it.
Yo #Knicks win tonight we in this bitch! Lets go!
"I will praise the Lord according to his righteousness: and will sing praise to the name of the Lord most high." Psalm 7:17
Waiting for people to get ready is so annoying!
ooh, ooh, report it to somebody! (that is one of my pet peeves, always try to tell clinic mgr, patient affairs, etc.)
(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!!
Hello how was the live chat yesterday?
This is hard to watch. Thoughts with Class act / great WR.
Hope everyone had a great holiday. Tonight we have Glass Clovers w/ Pent-up House, Results May Vary, & The Fountain, $8.00 at the door.
Today's Q: Getting a “base tan” at an indoor tanning salon is as good way to prevent sunburn when I go to the beach this summer. T or F?
Sometimes all you need is 20 seconds of insane courage...
i need more followers
Don't waste a trial or the trail will and can waste you!
Do you want to win a copy of 's fabulous book Food Heroes? Let us know! Giveaway ends tonight at 5pm PST.
Zach could dunk over a kia too, a kia owner's manual.
We are live on WCBE 90.5 2pm today in studio A! Tonight- CD RELEASE PARTY at The Woodlands Tavern!! 9pm
It's Commencement Week at ! Today begins the set-up of chairs in the quad - 8,000 of them!
hi just can u plz RT me
The people love Dancin In The Dark. Always thought it was cheesy but its undeniable fun.
OMFG so bored and so horny need a big dick up my tight ass and 1 in my mouth plz help me lollol
Probably just me and Bryan, though he might be more expensive than I am..., maybe we can find a good online forum
#Easter Egg-hunt begins at 2 p.m. on the Laguna Lawn! Hop on over!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! :)
Happy Monday! Make it great.
Guys! There's only 4 hours left to donate!!! WE NEED YOUR HELP!! We can do it!!!!
Thats not fair :/ well we will b voting spreading the word too, give the band a run 4 their $
I fucking love
Thanks! Mary Thorp is on FB and would like to learn Twitter & join the Tweet Team. We're expanding the campaign wi volunteers.
What if people came to your job and booed you?
I only got 3 weeks of school left
I wish there was a way to tap into all the energy that is spent resisting change.
Im good for the most part and u
There's hearing the call, & then there's listening to it. Listening = Doing
hey robert whats up?
tickets go out to the public tomorrow though if you wanna get them! Geez didn't think they would go so quick!
can bake some god cookies! Thanks for all your help today on the film shoot! Great job!
RT : Got the major itch to #remodel thnks to #Houzz app. for getting ideas out of ones head and defining ideas in my head!
Time to be productive and get to packing up more of my apartment.
If Wisconsin had kept pace with the national average of job creation, we would have 64,000 more jobs than we have now.
Raining a lot in NYC now!!
I wouldn't call taking a chance on someone in the 3rd round "missing"
then give me some retweet love!
Philly fans are celebrating like they forgot about the 2011 Eagles.
Thank you to all my followers I know have 1600 thank you
its not on tonight it got moved 2 next week
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
Now 10 FounderCorps members coming to #DayOfFosterly as Study Hall mentors, including , , &
Unless you're a hoe.
Really benefitted from a 30 minute session with from #Don'tSettle. Great opp to become a better professional. Thanks Travis!
I was following you Icey, but didn't know At Last Travels had a page as well. Now we are following both ;)
Just discovered TweetDeck. Ah this is much easier to manage now.
"Remind me to always take your suggestion." #FavoriteRandomLines Today has been a good day for these. Now if I can get on board.
Now, if only I can get you to jump over a broom....***planning, scheming...**** I love you sir.
Good Sunday morning! Busy day ahead. Need to get it done before it gets too hot!
ima upload yo lil sample video I made once I get off of work... It at be on my YouTube before 9 tonite 4sho... Nice footage
thank you RT damn your pretty af
is following 678,474 people, but not me. How could this be?!
If you're older than 10 and you're NOT hot as fuck, you shouldn't be rocking pig tails.
Good picks.
idk why everyone gets so worked up about someone flopping, it's a really smart thing to do, I love doing it... Lebron did it well
Looks great but can't make it. Next time ;)
There is magic in this moment. Don't waste it.
Can you teach me how to sing?
We're always fighting what we're feeling.
ALL BANDS!!! Please remember to sign up at www.sunsetislandmusic.com and let us help promote your music...
Milk and Honey isn't far. They carry our pints.
Shooting with PRJTS in LA
Haha, true, I didn't want you to think we were just advertising to you though. Lol. : )
Workout complete! Burn Circuit 1 today. Sweaty mess not time to hit shower...
via : Did he jump on the Second Life wagon?
Boston College libraries host #openaccess journals for any interested faculty. What a wonderful idea!
Man why is life so difficult to live sometimes man sometimes i wish i could just walk away and just keep livin far from home and family !!!!
Vote for For the youngest dj doing it and Vote for vixen for the best dance crew the dj and the dancers is the best
My little sister has her last day of high school ever tmrw.
Bitch im hotter than fish grease
Actually i can right now if you can
Bought a lottery ticket, that ought to make up for potential local and federal finding cuts.
hahahah ok even though you're the best singer in chorus...
Read, slept, watched TV, internet-surfed or combo?
I need a time, please wait for me... ♥
It's sad to see what you're slowly becoming.
Is it Thursday yet?? Lol can't wait to see everyone at "Beat the Scene" this weekend :)
Pocono and Cincy roadtrip reunion this summer i think so
Damn I am bored. :/
glad you like the integration! Thanks for sharing w/ your followers.
Where you at boss man?
It's on.
Professor Tom Harrington say our #itgetsbetter campaign has already changed our conversations, and perhaps has saved lives.
I HATE FRIGGIN' HEADACHES..
thanks Toby, I'm doing my best! I'd love to connect sometime :)
wow, nice - you could be on Man vs. Food!
Reason 12 Why So Many Changes Fail - Taking Time Will Waste Time
Post Easter #5amclub is proving to be a struggle! Attempting to #CrossFit myself awake...
That's our kombucha brewery – just brewing, no retail over there
Yeah, sometimes I can't believe I'm still here #People Who Died
Not a fan of Mondays...
Thank you so much for the kind words and shoutout!
maybe, just maybe today is the day will follow me. hopefully <3 :)
He's speaking on 5/22 along with Genachowski RT : I see is speaking at The Cable Show. That's pretty cool.
RT : RT : Sine die! Georgia session over and anti-free speech bill #SB469 is dead! #WeAreGA!
The trucks are at Cooper City Potential Church. 12401 Stirling Road. Eat at they are amazing.
I second that happy birthday to me .... Well to YOU rather. Enjoy.
thats a long flight, take some extra oil
Had To Change My avi The One I Had Was Stale Asab.!
tomorrow night 12/30 is in NoHo Hilarity ensues at 7:30. Last show of the year!
Now Following Cleveland Connected! Wutup Bruh
Omg new york boo I'm having so much fun!!
I'll definitely see you July 24th!! It's been too long Hanceeeee! I miss you!!! <3
This Kevin Cossom mix tape is dope! Back on my RandB ish
Chief Riseling: 99 protesters still refusing to leave Capitol. Tells judge that's # working with for 1 in 1 out.
hi. no kidding around, how tall is ? thanks.
Congrats to all the #DCADDYs winners - and great job to on the creative for the event!
thanks Kayla <3 Its been the craziest month ever
RT Hey places to try: ... ... [thanks for including Dobsons in your restaurant recommendations!]
Lol. At the studio with the guys. We're finishing production today. "Welcome To The Experience" will be released this summer!!
And that's the sound of Glenn Grothman being pulled from the most powerful committee in WI Legis.
College Dropout
what do my dean, my agent and all have in common?
sorry. i've been extremely buisy like i said. hold on :)
And apps. There's just way too many to choose from with Android ;)
oh I know!!.your always grabbing my booty
no neck
don't cuss! It's not nice.
Hey Kenny. Just now seen your post. Good luck finding a stick man Dude!!!
"I was enchanted to meet you" :)
Cry only for cuts n stitches..not for bastards n bitches
I told u not to steal those tortas!! Haha
did you practice today Mollie-Mae?
Wats going on wit u. hit me up send me ur #
Thanks for #livetweeting about the #ATTHack event@
No but I did instantly wish Matt was with me.
You don't need more followers you have over 6,000.
it took forever to update this status>>>>>>>???????whats happening?
If died today my WILL will read one thing that is that my heart be only kept by you night and day.
I have a craving for football! is it Sunday yet?!?!
You want to talk about an internet radio show? I would be qualified.Will email credentials
Headphones on. on the iphone. Better than coffee house gossip. #sermonpalooza 2012
Looking into an email issue with the site....should be fixed soon.
Also, what a waste by Victorino. Didn't affect the throw and Pence would have beaten it anyway.
its not that + doesnt sell its the way its promoted, corp payola, does a lot of work on this
I'm famous!
The 'next" Dark Show is this Saturday, July 2nd, 9PM @ Martyrs' in Chicago...aaannnd tweet
thanks girl!
Is it just a general Kimpton gift certificate? It depends on what the certificate says on it.
shut up BJ!!
Hey, whatever it takes to not laugh at the Wild, I'll take it.
I have to stop writing. I'm just so happy to not be studying for tests!
Hey , just got this week's issue. Wow, really?
you look like you have 2 adam's apples o_o but nice picture.
at jtree waiting.
Getting ready for blended support + Web 2.0
let them play games where they slaughter each other and listen to music that teaches rebellion. Does the word hypocrite come to mind?
Out of pure nerves and stress, I just peeled off my shellac polish. Here's to hoping I don't break a nail before I get home!
and save the best for last?
scotty from american idol is my dream man!!!!!!!!!!!!
Uber can actually get you to places that don't exist?! You guys are amazing!! ;-)
Half Of This World Have Trust Issues! They Just Want Admit It!
My Lenten resolution was to work out more often. Last time I was at the gym was Ash Wednesday. Correction: I gave up exercise for Lent.
still on cloud 9 from Mr. 3000's homer in yankee stadium
Y'all don't tell me someone lied and then when I ask for the truth ya don't tell me..? It's like no.
that's just some shit weather guys say
FOLLOW ME BACK
"My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever." - Psalm 73:26
Great that they're doing this but only posted numbers, not rates. Could use CCD # seniors from last year to estimate rate.
Music is my life. Whoever takes that away takes my life along with it #thisiswhatido#
#SomeoneIWantToMeet she is another one of my biggest inspirations and I can relate to her music. And she is flawless.
Exactly! That is why!
The #punmangan s are amazing -- especially the ones!
Waffle Shop on Highland around 11:00
2XL means 2XL...not a weak Large...really?
you welcome
"embrace #change"
A lesson I'm still trying to learn! RT : A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night. - Marilyn Monroe
No one said its gonna b easy, but its worth it.
Slowest on-camera talker employed by ESPN? My gut says yes.
I think i need to sink my toes in the sand and take water breaks in a warm blue ocean...Let's break this mundane silence!
wait...so if you get blowjobs at 3am is it from someone in your complex that you hate!?? Lol
Hey there, (JustJivanta), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
thank you so much !! where you guys at ???
thank you very much!
good luck brother!
When everyone was ready to give up on and trade Carlson, I stuck behind my favorite player. Not being dumb and trading him has paid off.
Quest Atlantis now approved for install...tweaking presentation for tomorrow's meeting...Can't wait to use it with students!
No problem...it's what we do!
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd - Voltaire.
Someone text me im bored af!!!
aw thanks. Miss you too friend.
Everything in moderation
Black history month in my family is when I'm reminded that I dated a Black guy. Except we celebrate it around Chanukah.
Love them or hate them, the Yankees were the barometer of success for baseball and sports in the 20th century.
His name and last name start with a V. Yes, he has a gorgee Butt. Yes, you know him. Yes, he's cute.
At the police station getting ready to do my first ride-along. It's either gonna be super sweet or super boring. We shall see...
No #supermoon for Milwaukee, I guess. Stupid clouds.
That'll happen when you follow 1300 people.
How can the world end in 2012 when i have yogurt that expires in 2013.
I hope so. I really wanted to go to this one. ;( Sarah's gunna go prob and meet him for like the 10th time :((((((
Thanks for the follow
"Hi, I thought this might interest you."
Good Morning
no shit you knew before me and i'm at home
EASY! Get at me bro when your at 4 mil
have you talked to about Pakistan GIS layers? They have a good team out there...
OMFG will some1 please take a sword and run me through omg im surrounded why is it ok for ppl to attack me but when i attack its wrong
Good luck! RT : Getting ready for a big external review tomorrow. Wish us luck!!
I guess I should have expected the loud geek contingent to be in the house for the Studio Ghibli retrospective.
are you coming down for jono's wedding? Or the cruise? just you and me on a boat for 5 days. It'll be awesome lol
Still in a frump...maybe I do need ice cream
P90X2? It's a 90 day fitness program with 13 different workouts....
but some how we magically own a bat? just so you understand... i know you knew me better
good shit. this would be his 3rd. crazy good
MTA BUS says they are not allowed to make a driver take a run. if no one wants it - it goes unfilled!
We're open until 2am, actually.
let's go get food!
awesome fight last night. U put a stamp on your standings at 155
just so you know, me and that monkey your holding had an 'oh what a night' moment before I gave him to you (:
I see him wit me no Stevie Wonder
Jordan was a tremendous individual player but guys like Magic, Bird, Russell, Chamberlain, and Kareem changed the game.
The fact it's almost noon makes me feel better! Four more hrs and I am outta here!
Liberal MP missteps in NBN Co ad rage - Delimiter
Meeting with the (local) folks from the Librarian's Trip to Germany to talk about a possible recap program for the SDC!
Lol at the fact that my friends get shocked when I say I don't follow any one from my school except for legit 7 people #OhWell #Idc .
also truck/lorry, elevator/lift, etc. One line of perl should do it. ;)
Whitney was a beautiful amazing person. & her legacy will forever live on.
Just believe in me...
so funny. Hubby and I heading to Madison in two weeks and can't wait to go to Graze. Ate at L'etoile before.
Me and the kids had french fries for dinner...nothing else. Sometimes you just have to have french fries for dinner.
What did you think of the Singapore adaption in your school? For or against?
So happy that my 8-yr-old has discovered the Buddy Files books (from a dog's POV). Thanks to the Bluebonnet Award list!
"If my kid don't eat...then mama won't sleep"- what song that come from??? First right answer get a scratch off ticket lol.
R u ever in a killing mood? I am..
you're welcome anytime :)
Thanks ! I had a great mentor! Good luck to your 49ers in the draft tomorrow night.
Cartoons and cereal >>>
that said, if that throw is on the right side of the base and Cutch was toast.
Thanks for the RT's and shout outs!
u can be the homelest of hermits, or foolishest of fops, but u still know the smell of a nose colored brown
Getting closer to making a BIG announcement...keep an eye out!
I dont believe in DQ, Im more of a Jack kind of person. Yanno, curly fries (; yup.
For all your Web Design/Graphic Design needs I suggest you speak to
serious face..
yes, I know I did haha
Broadening my horizons by learning how to play the trumpet! :)
Hey Old friend :) I miss you<3
KLUSOZ GONNA BE CRAZY TONIGHT!!! BRINGIN TO YOU A CRUNKMAS THURSDAY ONCE AGAIN!! GET THERE EARLY... CURNK ALERT IN FULL EFFECT!!! C.I.T.I.
Love a nice ass in leggins or tight jeans. I can't help it, I'm a booty man. #ImLovinIt - XavierLT. com
Chrysler Debacle
that got me really sad, but i mean what can i do...
I really, really LIKE that rule!!!!
Why not make inquiries about getting invited?
Is it lost on anyone that Zimmerman has not been arrested,could leave town and noone will know???!!!!
Wat it do
#TEFL chat in 10 minutes! Bring your questions! If you don't have questions, bring your expertise for those that do!
Ah the Newberry. So urbane, sophisticated and stuffy. I like it here anyways... where else can you find such great stuff?
besides the fact he hates UK, and UK doesn't want a real football team that might compete for attention with BBALL ..lol
so whats on your mind?>
Got to play rock star at Monday Recital Hour. Told the 400 u-grads that they don't have to stand in line anymore to register. Crwd went wild
I'm managing all my accounts - twitter, facebook, flickr, Gravatar, WordPress. Yikes. How do I put all this into my purple file folders?
is officially rolled out. Come one come all for the celebrations. The Fort Myers Film Festival is underway!
How appropriate that Bruno Mars comes on the radio while it's raining.
The Clinic is one month from today, register soon to make sure you reserve your place in Franklin St. Gym.
seriously? 10.5 hrs? so, so incredible (I'm still a bit weepy)
it was SO MUCHFUN
My mom remembers what she wore on her first date with my dad (an OU home game) but not what year or game it was...
almost done studying, just have one subsection and im good
Just went kayaking on the intercoastal and was literally 2 feet away from wild dolphins and manatees, the dolphin kept jumping after fish 🐬
CEO case studies, panels, roundtables, & the Founder of Travelocity.com are all on the Roadmap10 agenda! Register now @ www.roadmap10.com!
me to my cat as she looks for a bowl of chips i moved 3 inches away from its original position: "you are SO STUPID."
I grabbed a vanilla latte that was absolutely perfect. If I dare venture out next time, I'll try the tea! Thanks for the rec.
HNY...even though most of us bartenders are working! Can we count on a little extra tip tonight?
RT “: Being day drunk is more fun than being night drunk. #currentlydaydrunk”
Not watching the awards, but she looked great in the movie, "Contraband" I saw at the movies.
Things Learned on Vacation #2: you can't make a right turn on red in Montreal. Not that this stops some from making left turns on red.
Preparing for a Meeting with civil rights museum
For some reason I have seen several recent references to the Cassowary constraint solver. What gives? Browser layout seems to be closing in.
why did you and I never hang out before then?! I hope you like this job better!
I'll be rooting for the one and only on #Chopped ... He's the one!
Don't worry. I'm not so classy that I can't yell out a nice long "boo" now and then.
RT : Facebook now requires fan pages to host images/videos on custom tabs/apps on a server with an SSL Cert-we do that!
great news! thank you for your work in eliminating discriminatory voter ID laws.
impressive procrastination skillz u haz, teach me! :D
are you still ??
So is it wrong to be listening to a Christmas tune by the Carpenters in March? Ah, good ol' shuffle on Grooveshark. Next up? Barbie themes.
haha im not sexist i just don't care about women's basketball.
is it safe to drink the water or do we still have to boil it
Totes... RT : I guess Conaway's $ issues are bad enough she needs to lie about residency for tax purposes AND sue.
Not bad.
Legit. Check it out over-toters RT": Totes"
I hope the world knows there's a whole foster the people album, not just three songs.
#WeWereCoolUntil you had to break the record #Beliebers -.-
Damn this is such a good series, both teams playing so hard! I hate that this is the first round. But come on
haha, and I still got 'em, love! I'll have to demonstrate in a club sometime.
Just signed up for August's #Baltimore #Foodmakers event. The theme is peppers.
#HappyBirthday ! In the newsroom, we are in the cake this week!
wow. Good guess. Yess mam. Tell G pizzaTacos r on this weekend
Using twitter to become citzens of the world. #TwSIG with graphics
I see you talking on stream. Turn your mic up! :D
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.-- Robert Schuller
I saw a preview of For Greater Glory in Pasadena last night, and it is one of the most powerful films I have ever seen. Gracias
got my FITDESK!!!!
Madison Pharmacy Associates pioneered bioidentical hormone therapy using estradiol, progesterone & testosterone in 70s.
First Vélib', now Autolib': a public system of self-service, point-to-point electric rental cars in Paris t.co/WFkafLn2 via
Just an awful night of hoops for the Oregon teams. Beavers lose by 24, Ducks trailing by 30 in second half. PAC-10 awful. Football anyone?
Acutally its my job, but thanks for taking over :)
Ryan Hollins and Greg Stiemsma completely changed trajectory of this game. Somewhere, Andrew Declercq is smiling
You make jump-shots with your footwork and lay-ups with your vision. Focus on these details when going through workouts.
FRONT. BACK. SIDE TO SIDE.
“: I'm learning how to save and manage my money..” The perfect phrase
Our CIS dept once developed their own anonymous midterm course eval to give their faculty the opportunity for that dialogue.
that's a bet! Haha I have a tournament so my excuse is I'm gonna be tired.. Again;)
Really,We Are Nearly To The End Of 2011 And We Still Dont Have WaterProof Phones iWould Love To Text &Talk On Da Phone While Taking A Shower
You bet!! Thanks for the S/O!
Gm sexy lady xx
love it so cute
loving Boyce Avenue's cover of Taylor Swfit's song Last Kiss...so sad yet so pretty
Yes, I am once again tweeting about the beauty of Blackboard's rubrics. Because I could NOT be more of a nerd.
More editing this morning. Screening for some friends on Sunday in Burbank.
#Isles officially eliminated from POs. Fall to #Bruins 6-3
Welcome to our Fan page!
“: Dangerously high on the Cramps. I shouldn't drive..”
TONIGHT at 9pm ET! World Report will air a 30 minute profile on and Christian Persecution in the Middle East!
Is it just me, or is the sound pretty bad tonight?Could not hear Crystal sing. I feel like I am in a subway, too bad for good show.
How many things have you run into in the last hour?
and this packet....and the project.... and the journal entries...and the history project.... and the history study guide... and CCEs F-WORD.
Watching The Real Housewives of Atlanta with Viggle Thu | 7:30PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Pussy so gud make u smacc ya lips!
Ok, as far as I'm concerned it's summer! Amazing in NY today ☀
We should all give each other much more credit for trying. ::sotto voce:: Especially ourselves...
Tacos and margarita's! Yup yup yup
Skimmer won't stay logged in for more than a few seconds. Help?
White t-shirt? Wingfest? Gonna be fuuuunnnn
lol oh no yours look fine 👍
-'`niqqas be on some slick stuff-_-
1970! Still married to the same sweetie!
Performing tomorrow night at Cafe Django with the Jeff Isaac Trio! Come on down for an 8:00pm show!
No. but I have been looking for a pic for that tour. They are all so you. Heck I was so young.
Check out our brand-new website -- www.adamedelen.com. We just launched it moments ago.
Being a Blazers fan is the most frustrating thing in the world.
Its me and you against every thing ....Lady by Peep it for urself www.whoistrillogy.com if u wana b my lady hop in ride w me
Yes! We think Union's atmosphere is so fun! The Abbey's too far from us but awesome place.
Goodnight! Sleep tight! QT : same here ok
Consider buying your #Thanksgiving pie from to help those w #aids and #cancer. W.mamaspies.org
I don't understand how my sister is going from ghetto rap to classic rock. What kind of playlist? O_o
I just found out that ah NBC is afraid of factories. Apparently they haven't been in a factory for 5 years
Hope you had a good time in Australia!:)
agreed this is bullshit
I hope it's up soon I have to be up for school in 4 hors and I'm so tired-_-
Enjoying the #2011TENCon - Conference about software for insurance agencies
And Spider-Man's fruit roll up costume--c'mon. We all want to eat it!
It went great!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d Sport Automatic for a new car!
#songsyoudontwannahearinjail Let's Get It On by Marvin Gaye
NYPL is beautiful. Life is beautiful.
driving thru the burbs at night is similar to being in a corn maze
RT : #SBWFF Salsa at Sea: Great food, champagne, drinks, music, cigars and--of course--a yacht ride through Miami.
#TwoThingsIWant him & for this Cold to go away!
Classic. Re: Wifi password fail.
Ghosts are real
yes I did toast it. Not too crisp though.
haahah big hair or lil hair?
Is it wrong of me to already be laughing in my head because there is a possibility you wont remember the third lol.
MP3 or WAV. Three audio tracks + PiP audio is the limit.
...I know that,lol
such a great book!
Not sure if I should take a concerta tonight to be awake on stage for the show... last time it got me sick as fuck..
Hub gave thumbs-up to buying a Shark to clean the floors in the new house. He always surprises me with what he'll get behind.
DONE WITH FINALS!!! It's going to be a great summer. Yahoo!!!
Happy birthday !
Emma, yet again she tweeted page of desolation
Working on our pitch for today. Glad to have two of these under our belts to learn from. Hopefully our winning continues...:)
he look like an actor... from kurdistan that is, haha
i go to school and some how still manage to do it. haha.
Check out the extra add functions on your BP page. Let me know if u have any Q's.
; I need a new phone .
I see. come back & do my homeworkk. boo.
Woke up covered in glitter. Either a unicorn vomitted on me last night or I slept with Ke$ha. Someone please tell me $he doesn't exist.
With roids, of course. : Lets do a modern family where gloria leaves al bundy for me because i help manny become a baseball star
Happy Friday to you too Quinn. Have a great weekend!
do you ever sleep. Lol
RT : Reminder #mhsm chat tonight: 6 Word Memoirs about your
Thank you for believing. Thank you for letting him live his dream. WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE. <3
hey. Happy Sat! Check your DM. Xoxox
We may not imagine how our lives could be more frustrating and complex, but Congress can. ~ Cullen Hightower
I knw EXACLTY how U feel about being on tour. I've been homeless, no lie. U just want YOUR own bed to YOURSELF.
: just want the same for you sister!
Everyone was taking one side I wanted to show that there are 2 sides to every story, that was it.
Happy birthday to my best friend !!!!!!
Would it still help if I only wear them at night? I wear dresses/skirts to work, um, not a good look :/
Glenn Close really wanted that one.
Have fun Ryan!!! Miss you Bob!!! RT : Thanks BMax RT : safe travel to the Big Easy!
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must." - Edward George Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873)
how confused do you get during Tribal council?
I've become one of those assholes who sits on an exercise ball at their desks. WHAT TOOK ME SO LONG?
Please come to Las Vegas, I will take you everywhere then i'll fly back to Mexico city with you!
James Cameron now at bottom of Mariana Trench, 35755 feet down. It's ABYSS for real.
"Be afraid. Be very afraid." - The Fly (1986)
Or 102!! RT : Summer needs to stop showing off and become a little modest...we get it you can make it 100 degrees outside.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs
Morning, though.
Tomorrow! Will be performing at Chicago's legendary Green Mill 2pm Lawrence and B'way Cocktails and music!
hopefully, will notice us one day(:
We provide temporary staffing and direct-hire placement solutions to #law firms, medical organizations, corporations, and other businesses!
So nice to welcome a new friend from Poland - orig. home of my family. Your salmon in basil sauce looks excellent.
I think you, and I tripled the amount of views on that video. lol
Game opens in Victorianized classroom - opens onto London populated by Mr. Hyde, Sherlock Holmes, etc. St. Return to texts to design.
We are creating the railroad tracks for the DCcodeathon on IRC freenode #citability right now and all day tomorrow! join in!
Deals on clothes at summer flea! Come on down, we will be here until 5!
I like sex but he is not fast just quick. Maybe sex more as receiver out of backfield?
Music to start my morning !
Start Mo Morris today
Cultivating detachment from material possessions. Om.
thanks so much man
Pizza & A Pitcher Night at RC's! Buy a Pitcher - Get a FREE Pizza! We also have 3 For 3 - 3 Miller Lite or High Life Shorties for $3!
Silly Bengals, football is for Pittsburgh.
Hell ya! We just wrapped up practice, so unfortunately missed most the show. We're with you in spirit though!
good morning jordan!
They shouldn't even have been in this match... There was no penalty in the box, that was a horrible call
Oh, man. I'd get lost going any other way, but that was rough!
hey i <3hollywood ending! can u pls make a vid 4 me? i will love you frvr! tell them im jordan frm nyc and look @ my pic! plz!
160,000+ and Old Kentucky Home
Never should have introduced you. Didn't know it would be like that!
Fashion in the tent Park in Chicago. Music is pulsing. People are taking their seats. Fun people watching. Fashion in the city!
Good afternoon :D
I just have to say this: "I gotta get out of this place, if it's the last thing i ever do"! Why can't life be easier and less difficult.
Thanks so much!
Ice cold Tampico in hand and a slice of cheesy pizza for lunch! FTW!
Wow what a hottie! So jealous ;) ahaha
Will do Ed!!! Thanks for supporting #TeamSantana!!
New CandySwipe Update: 1.2.11 reduces freezing when in friends mode with bad connection and added option to move to SD card!
when i was a kid and i wanted to be older, this shit was not what i expected
Here we go!
I just got yelled at because my phone bill went up since I go on the internet too much for twitter..
“: STINKY PEOPLE, Y U NO SMELL URSELF?” #SwagLife Follow: &
i am! I can't wait to watch it! #excite :)
Well let me knock this out!!
I might tho for real...
We missed you!
Watching the remembrance of Mike Wallace. Am reminded of how much I also miss Ed Bradley's intvs
You cant get mad if your woman is acting #flaky or when she's #drivingyoucrazy that's her job
Very close. Amukamara had 203 thanks to the playoffs. He had the 4th fewest.
VOX Dance Theatre AND The tractor races! It's a big day in Tecate.
Off to roast some weenies with fam.
okay wtf that's so rude
I know it's a bikini but it looks like an evil face....
SCOTTIE!!! THX so much for following us!! Looks like you're doing well ;)
Like the apartment? NO! THA HOUSE
who watched the super bowl today?? did you guys hear in the ads?
can you please have them take off the warning for weather on tv? Takes up like half the screen we get it by now....
that shit is crazy!!!
I cannot believe, that that just happened.
There 2 benefits of failure. 1st if u do fail, u learn what doesn't work; & 2nd, the failure gives u the opportunity to try a new approach.
Ready to rock this week. Lots lined up, here we go.
I'm really in the mood for some oreos or goldfish or something like that.<3
Sex is like software: For every one who pays for it there are hundreds getting it for free.
Some things you can't unsee, but then again,maybe you don't want to either.
Great season Taylor, tough game on Sunday. Overall loved your energy in the games. Well done!!!
What's the one thing you get at 711 ?
All systems which reduce, restrict, or eliminate freedom in any way are systems which work against life itself.
Antoine Walker has got to be pretty broke to be embarrassing himself in the D League
I'm in Burbank & the weather is surprisingly pleasant. I'm sure that will change w/in an hour or 2
I'm off today what is there to do????
haha. Yes, did you get my invitation?...haha. Which new friend are you taking about...haha?
Money In The Bank 2010 now. Randy Orton/The Miz/Mark Henry/Ted Dibiase/John Morrisson/Chris Jericho/Evan Bourne/Edge. Fuck.
as it should be. Enjoy it fully, not as you do other things. Now we got to get you one of those funny nozzle jobs for the pour.
i believe so! any tips?
Happy Star Wars day! May the Fourth be with you. (and also with you.)
Quinton, you should go see tonight at the They are the best band ever. Doors 9 pm
on the malls don't forget Westown at 35th and Berhany. But Town and Country on my bike to visit Toy Cottage was the greatest.
#Panthers have two primetime games AND play in #DC?!! I'm a happy camper right now.
How was everyones weekend?
Lots of foot traffic braving the autumnal mist downtown today
Staying home todaay made up an excuse that I'm making work up for mon LOL #excuses #tooearly going to NYC #modeling #abouttoasstillthen :)
Exams next week. Dear Lord no.
Holy cow #brewers played with fire. Can't believe Castro watched those 2 go by.
Recording today. Nice!
is that you in your icon? :o
#FF stands for fondle Friday. Thanks TSA for starting my day off right. Still not as awkward a feeling as being a Knicks fan.
well thank you, they love attention! ;-)
can you pass a hair follicle drug test?
I might stop wearing makeup for the rest of my life unless modeling or on special occasion.
": Dora the explorer" gave me a reach around handjob while boots was filming
Thanks for the re-tweet! Hope others find Seth's info as valuable as I have in my on-line journey.
Hello my twitter BFF!(: Haven tweeted you in a while!(:
RT : Microsoft & Children’s Miracle Network giving away XBOX360s to hospitals w/the most votes! Vote for ...
Had fun staying up to watch on #thebachelorette last night w/the girls. The Monday night tradition is back!
Almost done helping out on '11-11-11' we're hearing lots of good things about 'Sinister'. Let's go!
Relaunching the new brand!
Plant Life College administration office this is adam speaking, how may i help you?
more mac & cheese please! haha
flip flops no feet Handicap but eat meat
Reggie Watts is the shit!
Hopefully me & my sis find my mom some white roses!
so promoted tweets get in my stream without my asking for them? didn't we used to call that 'spam'?
I believe in loyalty & friendship, so it bugs me when shit like this happens from a supposed friend I tried to help.
Why do people act like they like u but they don't like u,I mean I just tell them I don't like them instead of pretending
In Florida. Where are YOU?
Could have another meaning, Matt. Like "...doesn't block the plate...."
Basically, some fucking fucker is dinging all Amazon Vine reviewers.
where's the lobby?
Ha! RT : "Democratic process"?!? Is she new in town?
Screw the lightbulb and pat the dog
Waking up sore??? Didn't sleep well??? Well get your hiney into Mattrezzz Guys and let us help you pick out a new mattress set!!!
Dear Snow I freakin hate you You always cum out the blue I hate u I hate u i hate you....... Can you please stop by 3. I gotta work
well it was fucking hilarious!
#Seattle #LBLD #longboard if I was t do addicted to my longboard I would probably open my store sooner.... Na June 1st works!! Give me time!
Statistically speaking that is. One win JV had, then lost.
i think i'll go for some "bike scene" and get even more angsty for the day
New york city! After the signing my friends and I are going to the city to promote cody in times sqaure. Come say hi.x
omg you record in studios #sojealous i wish i could do that
thanks :) mine was stolen 6 mos after I bought it & it's nice to finally have a laptop again.. PC.. he'd never allow the other ;)
Enjoyed learning some more advanced scripting in BASH this afternoon. The beauty is that I can use my already familiar unix commands.
Celebrating the Award of Excellence Winners tonight! Congrats all!
it's not what you think it is!
come to Chicago!!
I LOVE and
At least upload some pics so we can see them, too. That sounds really cool!
Make your plan now to attend Peace Corps Connect: Minneapolis 2012. Tons of resources for careers and much more!
We are crazy for YOU! Come back soon :)
There are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
Yayy #twitterlessAnge finally has a Twitter!!:)
RT if you're watching the #GoldenGlobes tonight and tell us who you're rooting for.
Looking for email client recommendations. Gmail is dead to me.
Losers quit when they are tired...winners quit when they have WON
you should see my gnarly scar. It looks like a big question mark. I feel so great today, it's unbelievable!
Fair to middling. Should give you a call.
Can't tell if my dog is trying to growl while snoring, or if he might have sleep apnea. Twitching feet probably indicate the former.
I feel like on the Day of the Rapture we should all splurge for new clothes lol
#3WordsForYou Juicy J SUCKS.
The similarity between Mr. Mistoffelees and Karl Rove is uncanny.
It's up and running... Now, I am working on partnering (Sponsorships etc.)
ha I need some
one of the funniest trips ive ever been on
I dunno...shall see, they actually haven't DL'ed him yet
Are you in Denver?
Blake misses 1 second to go
New life skill to start out the new cycle- "#integrity -making good choices, even when no one is looking" Can't wait to hear our ninjas ex.
Fuck man! Why do you decide to go live when I'm at work!?! Asshole!
My mom is so strong & the most amazing woman i know, she raised 3 girls on her own pretty much and i cant explain how much i love her.
At American University w/ fellow student activist for a Conflict Free Campus Conference. Thanks for putting this together.
Rachel Masters from got into social media organicly. Plus she is working with Incubus! My hero!
Had the comm senior dinner tonight. Brewery redid the whole back patio.
like "I am a legitimate palm reader...if you'd like I would read your palm for a free tan"
Getting ready for the Greatest Spectacle in motor racing, Indy 500 Sun 5/30 9am ABC
RT : Thanks & for an awesome, inexpensive weekend in Tahoe. $75 in charges, post Zimride earnings. And...
i would like to give a shout out to giavonnis pizza for serving us every monday
ayyyyyyyyyy Joey Bats
LOL Steve...would that be "The Symbol Formerly Known as Alpha?"
hell yeah lol
I have the similar problem with you due to my dog. I think you'd better put the charger away from your pet.
Nick Nolte was arrested on this day in 2002 for driving stupid. Loved his mug shot.
Ok. Advice: Never say I told you so. Just cross your arms, smirk and think, "Haha, BITCH!" at the person. :)
I was just called GAY again I mean my necklace says Never Say Never not I Like Men or something!!! Gosh!!!! Still wearing it with proudness!
did you tell ma ?
STEELERS BABY!!!!!!
Lakers problem is not putting in.
No that was me, just doing my late follows and being cheeky.
i hope Patrick goes to USC too. He could be a great movie producer director & actor. congrats KATY S! ur kids r so precious!
just got flashed...by my sister...
roid rage, makes him the wild card.
not even Gandalf could bring her back to life...
Best. Tweet. Ever! RT : Does Facebook's purchase of Instagram mean we're gonna start seeing really vintage-looking sonogram pics now?
RT : CDC just gave shout out to Henrico county schools & field of dreams farm for bringing fresh local food to schools. yes!...
You've just been to the mall, haven't you?
its like giving yourself a high five
I didn't think love was woth fighting for, then I saw you and I was ready for war
When's the next show?
Good to know! They just look so small.
If you need a dose of rational thinking, a voice of reason, follow I love "Coffee With Jesus".
Steve Jobs haiku bit.ly/pN4UBW
A: "I'm kinda ready for bacon to be over. But I feel like there are still bacon insurgencies, y'know? And mustaches."
Omg, they made a polo 1,2,3,4 for girls now!
dig the site. Hope to learn more about SEO. check me out at brokeassarts.blogspot.com
Well at least they are patient at the plate.
go into Apple itunes movies .. tv shows a couple free there
Oh the things you hear people say in public
Thank you.
Not a surprise.
we gotta link up asap
Really? I don't remember that. Did I just not hear the phone?
Trivia Night!
NO WAY ME TOO! CONGRATS! and i may, ive been super busy but ima do what i can. u?
Sometimes "If you love it so much, why don't you marry it?" is truly a wise saying.
i have to agree with tht cause they dont
Perspective MT : The $28M that the #Colts would have had to pay Peyton represents the annual income of 1,294 Indy residents
Started a new 100mm macro flickr group.
I am guessing better then the real thing!
I didnt know u were OSU raised! Same here!!! Born at OSU, raised OSU, will die OSU!!! GO BUCKEYES!!!
Where is the best bar in Seattle?
oh hell yes
Ha! Thanks! Unless you can take over the 800# issued but not turned on for radiothon tomorrow?
The older I get, the weirder the stories get, when I drink.
that smile was beautiful
So elated Miss made it to the final two! Tell Diddy to take that! (Aubrey is only reason I watch #CelebrityApprentice)
face down ass up, thats the way i like to.. look for something that fell under the couch.
Wine wine wine! Come get your wine on for cheap tonight!
Bound, determined and somewhat GAGGED!!! Ignorance is bliss but sometimes it's just fuckin' stupid.
where where you? Strange matter has the best in town
You look like a cute Tijuana hooker
adsf Tweetie for Mac has issues showing multiple accounts
u need a wikipedia page 2!!
we are about to explore and share photographs - stay tuned
Hey thanks for the shout-out!
its only 8racks
too funny
McDonald's for Los
I tell my dad I'm not getting in the pool bc it's 50 degrees out and he says "I'm paying $100 to heat it you're getting in for an hour!" hah
yep! Hey check out www.coolrunning.com. Good site and you can follow on twitter.
#YouGetPointsIf you score.
birthday girl!
Liked that Ferriero mentioned sex collections at the preservation section
It's National Drink Wine Day! What will you be celebrating with?
Looking for lawn care in Madison, Milwaukee, Fox Valley or Rockford call Weed Man Lawn Care!
I do critiques for colleagues in private, quite in depth -- but not a lot of public reviewing. Exceptions for life changers.
Anonymous LinkedIn User...show yourself!!
conversation is sharing ideas, collaboration is building them
duhh i already told you to come here!!
all is well just real busy
Any dope beats?? send them to
Not one starter on the Macs is less than 30.
#tripodshawty RT RT : I want to make a video...
just heard the Whitney news. RIP
Make sure you’re getting your daily dose of Vitamin D - a recent study found it helps improve your overall mood!
Watching the Avengers in 20 minutes!
That's "Cluse," there, auto-complete
damn then idk when
Panel is still open! We're gonna get it in!
I love having a girlfriend that works for Marriott.
RT : So if your insurance doesn't cover acts of God and you're an atheist, does that hold up in court?
I hear that!! I've been pretty busy these days 2! Hit me up next time your in town
Springsteen for president!
Yes! She gave me the plastic and I quit tipping the wastebasket! That's all I wanted. I like it and it's mine.
came here to follow you only to realize I already do!
and me soon to be under the same roof!! An answered prayer, and a prayer request all-in-one..
Don't forget! If Freedom Ford can't beat a deal from another dealership by $250 on a like truck or SUV, you get $25 IN GAS!
This morning, your friendly neighborhood host exclaimed, "it's almost April!" and ordered his costume... Are you prepared for May 26th??
Wave will start 2nd half with powerplay for first :33
Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Quincy Jones...African American Philharmonic Orchestra really swings!
I NEED A BOOK
End of the day
Prado is the best restaurant in the park. The Sculpture Garden is also great, and less-expensive
R.I.P. Bubba Smith!
Haha wait till you see the list of bartenders that will be tweeting on this page!
thank u
Why is The Clash's "London Calling" NOT on Spotify? This is rhetorical but depressing all the same.
exam at 10:15. Jesus be with me. help me remember all this stuff i stayed up studying for.
Bubble-y, perhaps. Shrewd more likely. $10 CPA, if even, for 500k+ new LivingSocial customers not too shabby
Gosh,i have Tweeted in forever
Really now he's taken my followers...really bro...
Basketball game 2morrow @ rice
good morning and I hope you a wonderful day!
The roads are all still block even down the street where I'm at.
New artist Remo in the booth tonight
Thanks for the love to our social media fans. We appreciate all of you. Have a great weekend!
Having lots of fun learning RedBeanPHP (3.1). I am just starting to get through the ORM bits.
Almost ready to sign off of the Twitters for a week: a glorious week of playing in the sand, hanging out w/old friends, not working.
4 hrs of sleep bro, and now I'm doing homework -_- ... which has to be done in about 2 hrs. This ought to be interesting ...
Gettin' jacked! Only 5 days until Rugged Maniac - Jax (www.ruggedmaniac.com). Team Servant Warrior will be ready. Armor Up!
RT : T3 The importance of advance care planning is clearly our passion, how do we as a community inspire others & engage in
it's not wrong
needs to quit being a cunt and accept her
Still enough time to get down to to see the beautiful 35mm print of Huston's 'The Misfits.'
RT: #Royals calling up 2B Johnny Giavotella from Class A Omaha.
"Influence is at the heart of getting online momentum"says SVP, Digital Marketing , couldn't agree more!
since I'm tired, Pandora has decided to find every slow, la la song known to music
the word you're lookin for is swag-tastical
Fuck a bitch new saying by
Harvest Fair @ WI State Fair Park starts tomorrow. Visit the Youth Foundation/T-shirt booth & get a Blue Ribbon Sandwich at Saz's.
tweet at us if u want 2 ask panelists a question! MT MT
don't let him talk to you like that
We are a equal opportunity call taker, Yo!
meet , & vice versa! Two such nice people should know each other, really.
o, sounds good! We'll have to add DC Noodles so that you can leave a review comment :)
Added Blackstreet to that last tweet.
OMG! was just going to text you about that! we ARE twins! do you have any interest in seeing "the roommate?" i LOVE leighton!
Thanks for the follow! WE hope u have a chance to dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success!
Thanks and !
direct to screen up and running...basic traing done, have to integrate with art and production
omg that's the exact quote that came to mind when I saw it all happen!!
oh no!:( hope everything's okay..
Birthday today!! getting older but feeling younger
Jared and The Subways #fatbands -Andrew M.
You know you love your job when you go in early just because you're excited to get things done.
RT : JPMorgan loses 2 billion, betting on credit default swaps. Do these people never learn? Answer: No.
yep! It was founded in 1903.
Portland show is July. We'll be there 2x this summer. I'll get you details and contact info for our friends. Pumped for you.
wishing suggs a good recovery. You n that D will still wreak havoc
the hit was fine othwise it would draw a penalty. I hope he is okay.
When I moved to Baltimore a record store downstairs from work was the $ danger, now it's J.Crew in my school building.
Did you have to lead off with the word "memories"? I almost fainted deadaway....
Legally Blonde with my family!! :) sure to be a great night!
What % of Obama supporters pay Federal Income taxes?
Headed to Toby Kieths w/ and to celebrate a Tommies win!!
Two different styles of show though. Scandal is pure over-the-top soap while Revenge is more layers and plot.
: ). thanks for saying hey.
Punk wins!!! Now he going to the Gorilla Position and tell Rock and Cena to top that
trying so hard for Louis to tweet me happy birthday!
A1: I'm Heather from Cleveland. Mary Kay is my primary but I'm also with SOC and WowWe.
yes! oh yes! (and sometimes stammering though something is better hten nothing at all!)
Hahaha! Re: Carpenter ants....
Combos were invented in the mid-1970s!?!??!
Literally just broke down because I'm so stressed right now...
I have officially counted 9 mentions of Al Smith ( in case you are keeping score )
Dont want to get up :-(
oh Jason, you so smart(:
Where did my whiskey go.
Welcome to Twitter! I grew up on Golden Girls! Thank you for being a friend!
I don't think I'll be your somebody but at least for now I can pretend to be.
“: Meaningful connections means to have purposeful activities, be relevant and continuous #SMSS12”
Matthew Rubery, U. of London, "Canned Literature: The Book after Edison's Phonograph," Mon. 2/27, 5 pm, Van Pelt Library, U Pennsylvania
Husband is driving as fast as he can... Almost home but my dvr is set.... I can't wait!!!
Major #AmericanBeer is no longer about the #Beer. Rather it's about gimmick packaging. SMH
R Boots to Suits program matters!MT : President Obama: "Congress should help our #veterans returning find jobs "
this is how I feel right now
COLDPLAY - ANIMALS LYRICS
#WordPress #Tools Cool Weather – Allows visitors to see the weather forecast for any location they choose.
Back at the gym #finally gettin ready for #JerzDay ;)
I'm thinking of doing UPA too, but you can do BOTH if you skip a day of UPA.
What it do?!
well I know what not to do next time I'm at your house lol
Dear, Milwaukee - Go See Here We Go Magic & Hospitality at Stone Fly tomorrow night. Really. It'll be great. Yours, Colin.
wow what an error
on show discussing the roles of cofounders
so gotta see the lucky one next friday ! :)
don't get hung up on the details. you are a musician!
New Promotions. 3 Course Chef's Tasting Menu w/ Wine Pairing $30, Red and White Wine Flights, Wine Bar Specials! Come in where it is warm.
Sometimes- when I'm typing like a maniac-I feel like my fingers are going to fall off!
give the cubs the T tonight!
Happy new year y'all!
I'm asking if Jefferson commits to Kentucky, will that effect Anthony Bennett decision
No problem :) enjoy yourself!
Pool side, 90+ degrees, sunny and 90's pop radio playing on #pandora. Life doesnt get much better.
Thanks so much for joining my movement. Strictly for Divas & Gents!!!
Thought I had to go to Montreal for Poutine! Thanks for the rec.
You are only going to get out what you put in. Just because you went to college for half your life doesnt mean someone owes you a career.
New listing! Larkspur Cottage Rental for $1200 in Marin! Contact us at www.marinleasingteam.com!
Thank you Better Buzz Coffee for getting me through this Monday.
That's a real flavor, by the way.
Just saw a baby in a camo onesie and a fedora. Welcome to Dumbo.
So good networking with our community's young professionals! Their 2012 initiative: Health and Wellness #RocCityRising cc
Good thing we never went kayaking in that creek...
I just don't have the patients for ppl any more Idk what it is! Its like I'm always on 9 waitin for a mofo to knock me to 10!!!
- thx for the support! We still need to figure out how we can work together!
- please don't support the vile and hateful words of Rush Limbaugh - he doesn't deserve a platform for spewing his garbage.
Do you realize as time goes by so are we? So live each single day to the best of your ability, never know time might say this is your last
Are you smarter than a 5th grader? Then tutor an elementary school student who’s homeless! Email Sandy, !
Headed home from NC
Nick Jonas...its i guess more about their friendship
you should come to one of our concerts in Cincinnati and spread the word on those head phones. I want a pair!
“ Ppl confuse being shy & quiet as stuck up or arrogant. Sadly mistaken.”
Hey Lady! glad to see you on twitter!
How bad can it get for the 24!!
I knew that was you at the Thai spot lol. Good time at Oak Saturday, cool spot buddy.
I'll be there Saturday bud!
what's a BOG?
Who wants to drop out with me..?
Enjoyed the Iranian film "Circumstance" winner of Sundance Audience Award 2011. Forbidden attraction in Tehran, morality police & more
NO JUST DM ME SO WE CAN TALK I GET LOST IN ALL DEES TWEETS PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ
I thought they were right about the deer--kinda weird and wasteful that they let Carl walk up to it, no?
Just in case u needed another reminder, we appreciate all the hard work u all do!
Time to make the HAVES pay their fair share!
She is the neat one -->
Learning lots about the travel industry
How many of the people who decry gay marriage would have been the mfs in the 60's saying black/white marriage was a travesty?
Day by day, the warmth grows cold. Day by day, the light slowly dims. Day by day, her heart breaks. Day by day, she loses hope.
is still one of my favorite leading ladies. I don't think I will ever get over my crush on Winnie from The Wonder Years. <3
And now I'm staying up too :P
Thanks for sharing the latest news Adrienne!
i hope he is and he can get over with SELENA!
Can't wait for at with on Sept. 22!
I hate how im pressured to make a decision.
Joey from friends is the sexiest man ever.
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - CVS - LIPITOR -
sounds like a rough night. Sorry to hear about poor Twitch.
10 followers away from 700 <3 love all of you
Spring Social will be a picnic-type occasion; precise venue TBA.
Thanks for the order guys!
where is that?
I was just told i have a sultry voice at work (im thinking not the first time i heard that). lol
be sure to sign up for a beta invite and we'll be glad to schedule a demo for you!
- I didn't think it was possible to get irritated so much in just one minute smh
CELI YOU SAW IT TOO!? LOL
they could go in a down word spiral like they are known to do. Or lose prince or a good sp.
From what I understand, the training is more about learning proper documentatation, etc.
Its so hard to save yourself from yourself
yeah! We don't even follow each other lol
Welcome to KC! Now we just need to make you a new background! haha
HAHAHAHAHA!!!!! That is my favorite tweet I've read all break!!
": Rick James episode on... Not helping my sleep probs #ChappelleShow" fuck yo couch..
arg...its in my car ...to lazy to go check...ill let u know in the morning
Shouldn't you be preparing for Mother's Day? RT : So to all the HEAT haters sorry we won again. 3-0 right now.
cause you are on my mind...
When did it become the "Mercedes-Benz Superdome?" We think a more apt title is "'76 Cadillac Superdome."
#Aceves unsung hero for the Sox!
Just don't fall recklessly, headlessly in love with me, cause it's gonna be, A heart break, blissfully, painful insanity.
aw thank you baby
You are so right my friend
Fuck you and you and you
Unfortunately, no =( There's no way you guys could possibly deliver to DC, is there...?? lol.
wtf david stern?
...and the Comic Con geekery begins spilling out onto the net!
Listen in tonight at www.WZZO.com for - If you live in the PA Lehigh Valley area, tune into 95.1-FM
I am also a junior curling champion in Alberta, Canada!
"Change a Fake friend for a Real enemy"
can you give us a shout OUt we are very new to twitter?
Check out our new ad in the Improper Bostonian! We're booking for holiday parties and corporate events!
Get it! Good luck.
Afternoon: Social Media from the Ground Up
are you presenting?
Don't know much about web design for a company website? Don't worry, Google Places is simpler.
everything hurts.
congrats! RT : . One year already! Exciting stuff - Congrats!
It is available on amazon...if you buy from Wiley use HAE20 for a discount ;)
Now you KNOW he won't. Not all is lost though, you're giving me a good laugh! :-D
Just had interview for American BMX magazine about sport psychology, interviewed by Lovely guy from a rather stormy Arkansas.
love ur tweets
Welcome, new followers! I hope your day is looking as sunny as mine is!
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3
It's hard to be humble with ancestors like mine!
Reports that Ray J was with Whitney Houston and was the one that found her dead!!!
Everyone Follow and because they're spreading the good word.
Grand total of 3 papers achieved. Time for a walk in the sunshine!
I wanna use LaFleur's, Hartnett's and Wallace's books on Latin inscriptions & graffiti to build a stage-by-stage collection for my classes.
No Casino is my vote, it may look nice but is that really going improve downtown?
When you start trying to pick out names for a baby, you realize how many jerks you know with different names
Tryna figure things out on a better level
I see them winning in Phx but won't have intensity to win in Nashville on Wed. I hope I'm wrong but history says they can't
haha just saw this noww. did you end up goingg? (:
Not that your best player has to lead you in scoring... And, 80s Pistons/Lakers were a while ago.
SCREW YOU DUMB APP YOU DON'T KNOW ME
Hi Tweeps-u can c ladies in the Front Office found Google Translates lol-It's nice b/c we can say THANKS now in many tongues! Yay baby :))
It's funny how quickly you realize who your fairweather friends are...the thing that makes all relationships successful...
yea i feel you! its laid back! you up now! lol
That's true and folks with money on the line are also more likely to reach their goal!
time to turn up! lol
religion is pretty warped. But some of us sincerely believe in God and not man's institutions
Oh I just started listening to the audiobook of American Gods! I really liked The Graveyard Book by Neil Gaiman too.
is amazing. and has sharp wit. and she bakes cupcakes. and tolerates when i work late. and buys me lots of things. #SteakPrease?
Daddy God is RIGHT ON TIME!!! ptl!
Chick stay on sm stingy shit...an then wonder why I stay lookin at some body elses juice box...gtfoh lol
Oh god. -.- She's probably like "Wait, whaaaa?"
Newest food obsession: black bean burgers. B/t that and the roasted chickpeas, I feel like a bean queen.
too high of expectations
HAPPY MOM DAY ! FROM LUCYWATCHES STOP BY SUNDAY FROM 11-2PM FOR YOUR FREE ROSE ! OPEN SUNDAY FROM 11-2PM
doubt it
Four-year-old quote of the day--"No, me for real!" (workin' on those pronouns!)
Such a lovely day..hanging in the backyard with my friends and my family. Life is great.
LOL!!! I'm glad someone knows what I mean! Oh, and OUCH!
My day isn't turning out so good but it does feel great outside oh and follow me I'll follow back
I hear drupal.org is under a DDoS attack at the moment. Why would someone do that?
black and yella
Overtime at work. Yay for more money! Boo for long hours. And sitting on hold a lot
So glad you're on #thevoice. I've been a fan since u were on Rock Star INXS. You rock!
LOL- don't even stress. I got swamped with crap to do too. Lets shoot for Monday?
Yes IM GREAT! Todays my birthday!
sum dat was said?. . .ok
All the Positive Come In!! I feel so Good Jesus I Love You
needs to turn up the vocals
Ah, what a gorgeous rendition of "The Prayer"!!! Bravissimi!!!
Good morning Denise :)
Goofiest comment about Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse so far - a debate over which page is the sexiest.
Christmas is so neeearrr!! It's so exciting!
Catch #JuliaLouisDreyfus tonight on David Letterman, promoting the #Baltimore filmed #VEEP!!!
haha I just turned 23 in April, I meant more as im around Louis's age than the other boys :p but I'd cougar hazza anyday
You know your best friends when you sit there in the same room while they have sex.
And then don't you wish your girlfriend came on...
no prob! ;D
Bringing Home Financial Transparency
#FF my great friend. :D
Everybody have that friend that irritate the fuck out of them
You too! I *just* submitted my story.
around my ankle where her symbol is
believe the plan is to def come by tomorrow. But will def see u soon!
Agree. Don't mess with Bon jovi.
Tim Tebow already working on throwing motion...No joke, who woulda thunk it?!?...
Polacco is a great choice. Lots of books, social studies connections. Will investigate if 4th grade covers in class.
This Sunday is Mother's Day! Bring mom for some delicious food, served hot and fresh to her, from us, she'll thank you :)
download the app JunoWallet and earn $0.25 JunoCredits. Enter my Invite Code 'DX905940' when prompted.
Special thx to everyone who made poetry night &Haiti Awareness Month so rewarding. Let's do it all over again.
wrote some notes for a screenplay...quirky romantic comedy...AT ODDS...retraining the heart to love what's real
The Misfits! <3
beat you to it this morning bud. 5:40 am on a Saturday!
this is awesome news! we'll make a foodie roadtrip to visit whatever esteemed eatery you land at!
but y u no follow us austy
does the coupon work in vancour because i was planning on going for a bike ride there and might need a place to eat but fir
To get where you want to go you can't only do what you like. - Peter Abrahams
bored in fayetteville, nc bitchez
The Cult?
Edward Kennedy I think what actually works best is local-level individual targeting of key leadership nodes
Now that I got that outta the way...
It looks great. Can't wait to get the issue.
Woke up feeling Terrible
I'm online :P
Whatever it is I got..it's clearly appealing
Bur it's chilly out 2nite
*brushes tears away. gets up, dusting myself off* i shouldnt ... *shakes head, walks down steps away from the house*
We hope you are hungry because Family Night is starting right now! Get deals until 8pm tonight.
Happy Presidents Day !
What are shin splints called when they make it all the way up to your hips? Because #baltimorechallenge gave me those.
awh. Is there ANY WAY she'd let you stay so you can be with us? :D
Love the open road. Austin bound?
What are you moving to now that is shutting down?
Florence and the Machine are playing at Mohegan Sun? Damn, times are tough
I remind myself everyday I aint shit yet, i havent done shit yet & that i can always do better.
bed? Lol where r u in the world?
What exactly are we exacting revenge on?
Hey gorgeous peoples, I forgot my phone at home. I'm going to DM you my office line so we can connect about lunch.
Just saw 's Asian doppelgänger on campus. Tripped the fuck out.
watching a program on 9/11. amazing how emotional i'm getting. Just like the day of. :(
