love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Your country.Can we skype?Mail Klaas one of the seven fantastic tools
I'm bored as fuck
hey, I have that camera!
How is your day going? Eh...night! :) ?
Today 1829: The Ho-Chunk (Winnebagos) relinquished territorial claims to a portion of land in Wisconsin.
Hi Greg, yes we have 5 pure essential oil blends for aromatherapy at this time. They each have their own purpose and unique aroma
yeah it sucks doesnt it mine start on monday :(
the PCF vote has splintered to the FN before so it looks that way
I'm tired, nobody look at me. #BitchyTweet, lol.
Not quite there yet.
"f*ck math, F*ck math in the ass"
The story about Alzheimer's disease is breaking my heart.
thx for coming by today and sharing samples with us - yum!
Just enjoyed amtrak's gourmet microwaved breakfast sandwich!
Magic! Do we really have to answer every question or are they more like suggested questions? It's cramping my
when i ask my students 'what's a noun' they say 'a person place thing or idea' and i say 'no' and they look shocked.
we like forgot about this account lolol
sharpening our dialectics, the workers will "prail".
Oops, just recommended Jason Wu to someone. Hope they aren't out of everything.
Q5: are there unscented repellents?
you've got the right idea, sir
With Mother's Day coming up we would love to hear about your Mom! What is the most valuable lesson she taught you?
Damn this movie is good, and sorry I don't like that wrestling shiz, but seriously the men thing is on point and needs resolved.
RT : I want a relationship where they know of us, but nothing about us.
eye fixed it.now shell know who eye am
luked at u in the voice book, and sed "WOW a star is born"♥
It's getting worse and its hard to accept
Watch my laptop shut off or spaz at 9:10....
I prefer when Taylor had blonde hair! Now she has brown hair! :(
damn, my man Michael Rapaport just got his "ghetto pass" revoked, #QTip made him sound like the character he played in
Okay, that last one was awesome, I'll admit.
Aaron Gilchrest keeps bringing the funny to the show! Thanks for hiring him! Good job, Aaron!
What a great loss today with the passing of Junior Seau. RIP
Pretty pic Christine! I go to Bmore in two weeks myself, cant wait!
Damn I'll be a senior in college in less than 24 hours! One more final BRING IT! ;)
if you make a bold statement like that, especially if it's not something that you normally do, people will be blown away!
Teen mom Reunion in an hour than the premier of It Gets Better. :)
same here so triplets
:) Wanna know what ima get you?
Is there anyone out there who DOESN'T fast-forward through "Cheer Up, Charlie" when watching Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
Thanks so much Denise! I am honored.
I haven't seen my parents together in the same room since Dec. It's been 30mins I've stopped 2 arguments so far. I need ' music.
The Irving Theater. (:
How did this happen?
Never let an altered state convince you that eating fiber gummies like candy is a good idea.
Lifes too short to eject the disk correctly.
just yelled incoming. Inches from a direct hit. Someone on 12 needs lessons
I just finished a 4.61 mi run with a time of 55:03 with Nike+ GPS.
did an awesome job dis organizing #bmorehistoric ! Thanks
- Is this You in the photograph?---Yes...
The Devils Carnival!
I posted ONE photo. That does not earn the title of blowing up a twitter feed. =P not like you people. You took up my entire wall
Thank you! Would be happy to show you more. Altius is doing great things!
Okay. I'll bite. Why do you want a metal roof?
Gotta go to Park City today
Thanks so much for sharing Jana's blog! Hope you're having a wonderful Friday!
We have corporate officials coming to check our human resources department on Monday so today was a lot of cleaning and organizing.
Then he said, we come from two different worlds girl..You're just an Earth girl. You could never understand the type of man I am.
Chilling like a villain.
Your lawsuit against Boundless Learning is unacceptable , , & Won't be using your books to teach.
Good block jordan
Merry Christmas!!
i'm like that with everyone, even people i do know.. idk i hate it meh
has to catch him first
Pissed i have to go back to Dekalb monday...they should have been did this
yea right
My family just lectured me on doing good in school and to read because i suck at everything in life lol how boring
it was upsetting thats my favourite outfit but i guess i cant wear it :/ WHAT YOU DOING?xx
I just finished a 7.13 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Your hands...
Good to see you on twitter :)
Be careful when shopping for Pu-er tea, there are many knock-offs. Our Pu-er tea is handpicked from Yunnan's broad-leafed ancient tea trees.
You don't follow ?
// how many fantasy football owners would love to track their players while at the game?
hahaha yess !! Yeah what Christian said
your media committee didn't seem to care either. Mark my words--this will make America turn on you. You started off nobly enough
Well if you didn't choose favorites we wouldn't be in this situation...
Both put on by Tiny Fists: Activist Parents Traveling w Music, Workshops, & Babies
I too also will be there as well, too. Let's party.
i would in real life be your friend, in the event that you decided friends were a desirable commodity. <3
OK the wire shower than bed. Maybe
FINE! I thought you were a rebel -_-
Her face gets very small when she is mad. Grumpy dimples. Little balled up fists, tiny like a baby's, hitting her knees in frustration.
it makes me so happy that my 2 favorite people ever are close friends aw
I miss her! She was the best teacher EVER
YUH #GANGSTA “: and I are so cool bc we tweet and text each other at the same time totally different convos too”
so where is Liverpool seeded?
Thanks for following! Great restaurant and location, a true downtown favorite.
I'm so amped now I'm super wired on some #SugarFreeRockstar Wow ★Rock☆Star☆Status★
looking for more followers
windex. fixes everything.
Hmm, I need to see The Raid just so I can yell at somebody.
If you have had the opportunity to try our cupcakes, please give us a review on the FB page!
Im still at a loss for words. Not cuz I can't believe it, but when it happens to folks u know, so close to home, it's jarring
Starting work at 10:15 is the most inconvenient time possible. Have to get there at 8:45 or be late.
let's get another guys!
Girl don't you got school in the morning? Why you at your boyfriend house anyway at midnight, take that ass home!!!
Hey Jason! hey no foul man, like I was saying, had read to many before coming to yours, lets just be friends ok?, Thanks Lee
bro text me
I don't even see you when you're 10 mins away at ub haha
tens of thousands are being helped find out how www.timothylucero.com
I am at the St. Pete Police Dept. covering this horrifying story of a 16 year-old Lakewood High student who was raped walking to school.
": RT You ? and You ? Go Follow » #TeamAutoFollow #500ADay for 2000 a week
I have big tits, man.
Awesome EP by ! My fav is "Always Shine."
BEST ENDING! You made me VERY VERY happy with tonight's episode. THANK YOU :)
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWER!!! AND SHE'S #TEAMFOLLLOWBACK SO HIT THAT FOLLOW BUTTON:))
do you still have a ticket for the game tonight.
dvring it... I have heard such good things!
why are you typing with all capitol letters?
A6: My experience working for student media and my internships.
I love his bowtie!
Ok one more day of the "beach gloom" - yeah, we'll have morning clouds over the weekend but the afternoons should be sunny & warmer - enjoy!
so this first week of my senior years wasn't bad at all...now its time to make it through the rest of the year alive
this is the longest we've been apart since day one...this summer might give us whiplash :)
Stop telling me I'm pretty. You think I don't know that already Albert fuckin' Einstein?
Hey #Braves what was the deal with the scoreboard? Had to start the live video thing while #Braun was batting? Really? Jerks. Go #Brewers!
Exactly. Blackhawks fans will get REALLY hammered if we lose tomorrow.
"my life isnt nothing, i can do something with my life, i have a life to live" student quote from our group
In addition, this tour is the best way to learn about American government system.Lets join us at2:00pm
how are the event ideas coming?
More #ff love to our new followers
looking for a love story.
Mediatomb works OK, but integration with Rhythmbox isn't going well. Maybe its because I have it indexing about 15G of content?
I will try my bestest! Is tardiness tolerable?
i love u guys to... to death... I miss u
Tyler the Creator told em they could be RT : why are so many females on twitter, unicorns? i don't get it :/
LA is very all right if you're down with , , , , , and tortas.
Yeah, it definitely promotes that ugly "menzez haz it eazier" rape myth. I'd rather be ignored than read that.
This nigga in front of me has to be thee ugliest!
Don't forget to enter our sweepstakes!
back from camp , hows everyone doingg ?
Findlay Brown - That's Right - 07:38 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Hey twitter followers!!!!!!11 What's up?!?!?!?
we clocked out a minute before midnight!! :o
Omg! so pround of you Mr.GRANDMAN :D
My pleasure - love your show
I thought it was "April showers bring May flowers," not "Unseasonably frigid April weather leads to traffic-stopping May downpours" lol geez
Harry Nilsson=my hero
Hi! If you're not playing this Friday, come to 8x10 to see with Brooks Long. Awesome line-up of tunes!
Doing again for Badger Hockey tonight. Puck drops at 7, feel free to come everyone!
they sell hamburgers.
where is Jim Harbaugherersteinschultzkovitzstevenson when you need him??
I think winless #Miami is going to pull it off tonight. They had a bye and are much hungrier (even if Jets need to snap 3 gm losing streak)
You are so welcome! We love awesome. ;)
One day I'll look back, and say I was Internet famous, SIKEEE .
Can I have a dispenser of your amazing strawberry preserves, please? :-) Husband loves them too and now we're out!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Kindle Fire, Full Color 7" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi Reviews
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DARLING <3 I love you baby girl. Hope you had a wonderful day today! XO :)
Is it time for a "Brown Jersey Letter Writing Campaign?" Send your snail mail to Berea, folks!
definitely the Air then. hopefully there will be tax free weekend soon or something.
After Clois sex do you think ANYONE will be thinking about a TV Guide poll? LOL
omg! I just realized why I have such a crush on it's because he's a doppelganger for !
I forgot my cd :/
yeah. I'm not lying. Once you post the tour dates, I'll coincide a Sox game.
successfully got you to tweet
Class is in Session
I love that I can sit in DH-focused sessions all morning at #dlfforum. I don't think that has always been the case, no?
It's all 's fault. Lmao
RT the grilled shrimp quesadilla from always aims to please....just like the prickly pear 'rita!
I must have a sign on my car that reads "please cut me off"
Just finished reading Friends Like Us by Lauren Fox. Looking forward to meeting her at the end of the month.
So I guess we can call you a bestseller now, eh?
How much does the smart car company pay you to talk about that car?
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña to AMLO: "I never said I'd privatize PEMEX, but modernize it"
Thanks! We'd love to be in London one day..Keep in touch
On my way home and a fight breaks out next to me on the 4 train. #didthatjusthappen?
So glad my gf is home for the summer. We gonna party hard..... Or not but still glad
So i'm learning to play guitar, and I'd almost given up, the song Remnants off Asylum inspired me to keep at it. Thank you!!
Under the Mistletoe is going to blow up Itunes!!!!!!!!!!
Ain't that the truth bro. Don't forget the black women trained to emasculate bros
Not sure, how do you feel about it?
thanks! I haven't tried hootsuit but have heard the tab feature is very nice.
RT : 21 jump street is hilarious< I wanted to see that movie
Hailstorm in may.
We were hoping for June 1st, but seems as though things are booked.
Having both of us at the same workplace could lead to trouble!
Kimkardashian on #dropdeaddiva , oh wow check her out
And that seals the deal.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Blasberg family. Erica always came to Portland and we will remember her great smile and charisma.
Can't even imagine how awesome 's day is going to go!!! You should definitely make a vid! #TGOD!
that's great :)
I just got a slew of disturbing emails from a "FAN". Aside from him trying to arouse me-being single doesn't mean I am desperate.
All I want in life is a Nathan Scott ... Not too much to ask, right??
In a world of automation and outsourcing why not let the government hire the unemployed so they can contribute + feel good about themselves
Students are starting to ask about applications.
Hi! Can you please follow & DM me? I'd like to hear your side to your 'Titanic' comments & the attention you've been getting
Yes, I'd like to think so too! #Happy! :-)
Too bad the Idol judges have to work so hard to make two dudes OK with a duet. Was it really that awkward and controversial for them?
Yes He Will!!
n u already kno suppose b a secret #lol shh
Well that went horrible.
Lando is definitely the most popular Star Wars character found in open trade boxes.
I'm really jealous that you're in the city all day! :p
Billy Crystal > Anne Hathaway and James Franco
69 followers G.G.
Out by the pool
ok what u want a chicken wing or a chicken leg idk bout u but I want both
YOUNG HOMIE VIDEO IS SICK!!!! I watched it 6 times in a row lol keep it up Chris!
I gotcha!! I usually like to he single over the summer, because things are just, easier. But I really am falling for him...
Who wants samples of KUMANI? Anyone?? Let me know. I'm working on it this and next week!
I swear Lenox Lounge as the best chicken wings.
hey I would be an awesome rapper!
Its astonishing how lost I am when the 'rents take care of the Harvey Monster and I have a free afternoon...
If you're using Chrome and Wikipedia is blue, go to View -> Actual Size
It's National Haiku Day, Twitterpals. Tweet your country music haiku at me and it might end up on the website this evening..
RT : Knock the "religion" but a life in CHRIST has very practical benefits & implications for a more--Great project dudes
UCI beat us. Pretty sure you were present. I see a correlation.
Hope that helps! =) Your talent can pretend they're telling ghost stories. A drama teacher shared that trick with me!
because I went to enroll at Scripps.
Can't decide if I really want my professors to post my grades on Banner or not...
Wow, it's not quite March yet but the madness has begun! Congrats Creighton
my faith in humanity has been seriously shaken ,if not #destroyed..ready to check out seriously
>>> can u DM yo info again for this feature... Thanks
how many is a lot? You had a little over 700 views.
I'm making an Alka-Seltzer nighttime cocktail. Here's to getting some sleep ... and hopefully the ability to breathe through both nostrils.
it's for real when you have a cubicle
that angel wing / sono one is WEIRD
first memory in a library - reading about mt. st. helens in my elementary school library. it was love at first site.
Man, I am on a roll. Powering through... nearly have all my blog entries for June complete. Yay!
oh! what?! monarch butterflies?! You didn't hear it from me... :)
Met some of our neighbors today--that's a new experience!
Hey Modest Mouse; did you really truly think that the out-of-tune guitar on "Gravity Rides Everything" was a reasonable creative expression?
As soon as I can drive by my self, I'm packing up and going to wherever Austin is at that time. San Antonio, Miami, wherever! #GetReady<3
"or else you end up like a bottle of ketchup with legs like me" haha. Why am I laughing?!? That sounds really painful!
RT : R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you are NO-LONGER friends with someone who you once called you're "bestfriend'..
Who's going to win today's Derby?
are you sure youu didn't say that..? Haha :]
No way you can tell me the Knicks are better w/o Amare, gotta learn to co-exsist and sacrifice fame
HHAHAHAHAHAA it means SISTER WHITE hahahahahahahahaha
Nothing worth having comes easy.
Just finished reading "The Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet". Would be great lit connection book for US history
Being hard to work with = epic fail.
Have a creative Monday! Take half of your lunch time to sketch, keep your creativity sharp!
now playing... the Magic Summer Tour show, hosted by aka DJAK! nkairplayradio.com
call me!
Goodnight to those who didn't receive a goodnight text tonight.
you R the Cm punk
RT if you believe is way differ to Justin Bieber & he's just bein him not a copier. b/c hes bcomin famous u don't have 2 hate.
Thank You! >throwing chocolate as chum<
Good morning GigiStylez have a bless day !
Let's do it!
Bath & Body Bistro is starting Trivia Tuesdays today ! Like our facebook page for all the details! Win a $5 gift certificate! Good luck!
#MyFavoriteSongis make me proud by drake ft. Nicki miniaj
Quote of the day: "It always feels awesome to know someone thinks of a future with you."
Thank you!
No, about a week ago. :p
in College Park, at the National Archives today. So far, so screened.
that you could potentially use in a paper
Off to my show at Island Grill, Show at 7:30 pm!
then the screen shattered and she spent 3.5 hours with a tech who couldn't transfer her data to a loaner phone. Frustrated...
me too sista! i've had a ton of dance rehearsals -_- WE WILL REUNITE SOON I PROMISE!
Happy revenge of the fifth
my pleasure! Have a great day!
Shout out: So Ruff Car Show has been cancelled for July 10th any questions look up soruffmagazine.com Thanks!
Full as ever...work in a bit.
Yes we are there;) RT : There's a in Union Station. That's about it.
GROUPon is like a COUPON for a Group. What if we employed the same INCENTIVES in our classrooms?
HEY! Just chill!
Beach runs are always fun and a great work out too. :)
what time?
just dyed my hair blond on top brown on bottom;)
Skip the gate by disconnecting and dropping out below at a point of lower magnetic field strength through the width not through the length.
where is my motivation? Did it take a vacation?
Wrapping up a report with on alumni colleges - they seem like a really interesting and emergent topic in #highered right now.
heck yeah whip it! (real god)
two words Butt Lift !
The number of people who die in #lawschool-exam-problem-related plane crashes is 30000% higher than the national average.
I've been to the year 3000. Not much has changed but they lived underwater.
you cant turn back so stop fucking saying it.. suck that shit up and get over it
The week is always better when you train...get it in today!
Have to work 2/day. But Sunday r usually laid back.
Only a few seconds can safe a life. Buckle Up!
You know that moment when you just write the "perfect" paragraph? Damn that's a good feeling.
Doesn't surprise me...
#unbelieveable RT condemns epidurals: women are meant to suffer the pain of childbirth. Sorry, ladies.
After 7 mo, 1st date wife and I alone. Watched "Rise of the Planet...", abt a lil' ape who become 2 smart and raucous. Parenthood metaphor?
Please stay tuned for more early AM give aways! Thanks for watching, Monique! :)
On top of work, some freelance projects, and trying to finish up the art for my next single, I'm swamped!
You're welcome. Let me know how it goes.
I like how since for some reason and I can't text each other, Twitter is our main method of communication.
Oh, you know, inside jokes (aka the movies we watched tonight).
Yes, that's a good idea. I'll pass that on.
Perhaps, though if I recall that was my major in both undergrad and grad. Maybe it's a specific type of bull?
When I leave my dog all day and come home he's mad at me so I feel the need to feed him whatever I'm eating to make up for it.
CleanStart is great for 1st timers! Gets deep in your colon. RT : what's a good cleanse 4 a 1st timer?
happy mothers day mom
ickkkkk, sunburn D:
you make me happy whether you know it or not
that, combined with the fact I can update 21 services with & only 4 with your new offering has glad I'm not an investor
That burger at Elsa's has had me in my seat since lunch. Kudos to for bday lunch. Now to run it off, if that's possible...
Good Luck!
.#CharterSchool n. a vehicle to move tax revenues from general purse and/to interject it into private market. Public paid-private welfare
It's definitely a classic rock kind of night.
Happy New Year Blaqstarr!!! Its our year!!!
I left them hoes alone to pursue my dreams
got to be an extension right?
RT : RT if has NEVER tweeted you.
please watch my profile and look my profile photo
bus fares are going up 2, its the same system. WMATA needs dedicated funding They relay on ragtag funds from fed & local gov
hell yeah, they be ballin' too hard to have no support.
do you like v-neck or normal shirts?
if it was not for Omar's double error we would have had a huge day.. I will book the profit and move on to
time travel. left PEK @ 650 am monday. arrived ORD @ 630 am monday.
your welcome
I have glasses but I never wear them. I lied and faked like I couldn't see in 1st grade to get them. I only wear them if I have a headache
This is funny!
A great coach and man who lost his life in a tragic plane crash. #
I think I will go eat some salad
- Awesome Indeed.
Workin on a - pyrite cover
Just another reminder...Monday a little after 5 pm, a concert announcement will be on! Don't forget to tune in! :)
Today's the day the best in Hollywood are crowned! I'm predicting #TheArtist comes away with the most awards, followed closely by
what did you think of the season finale?
I don't mind when the nights get chilly, because it makes it seem even cozier inside.
scratch that - character isn't Asian-American
#ImReallyGoodAt putting myself down..
Damn KS getting me to Awww at midnight!
M, chicken and rice!
no problem.
Apparently my library is built on top of an old pet cemetery. For real.
If you've never seen the movie my cousin vinny, you definitely should!!!!
you should be c:
Got a whacky DM from you this morning. Think your account may have gotten hacked. Might want to change that password.
I love postsecret
"The label 'Americas' doesn't seem to mean that much anymore unless you're a cartographer," A. Isacson #wasteofmoneysummit too many novelas
Thanks for passing on the word! Are you coming to the ride? We'd love to have OnPoint involved in this cool ride (or our others)!
The pop radio version of "Somebody I Used To Know" really bums me out. Especially since Gotye said he doesn't like it.
#TOPMUSIC North West based band, Our Day Remains are being touted as the next big thing....Music News' Dean Midas Maynard finds out more.
Dont get me wrong, I liked the article & my assumption is wrong, nonetheless you should google around so you dont think Im nuts.
LaPlante with a big save at the end of the first quarter to keep the score at 4-2 heading into the second.
I already have the Megadeth pack and I don't care enough for Linkin Park to buy theirs.
Yayy! Cant wait to see yo face :) hugs are a necesity
r u watching it? :)
Isn't #socialmedia day every day? :)
Aw that sucks :/ Hope you feel better soon!
Found a Law & Order: SVU marathon on TV. That's the stuff.
Hey none of us are as young as we think we are. Or something. Still love you no matter how old and out of touch we get.
Bynum will be traded to an under .500 team.
New Video: - Not A Day Goes By (prod. ) HEAT ROCKS!
On our way to see Safehouse after a Movie.... Who knows wats next!!!!!:)
#Workaholics take it sleazy
Added myself to the WeFollow Twitter directory under:
what happened?
Latest version of #Adobe Reader attempts to install McAfee Security Scan. You have been warned. I HATE this tactic of bundling extra crap!
The babes of Seattle, now in Twitter form.
Or her less popular 'Jenny on the Cock'
Watching Forest Gump (not the first time) and TOTALLY digging the running scene ;-)
Hanging out with old friends and their beautiful daughter Isabel...I love the holidays ;0
Independent Massage Therapists wear all hats-owner, cleaner, advertiser, receptionist, appointment setter AND give up to 5 massages per day.
Just discovered that Evan can count backwards from 20 unaided. We didn't teach it to him and they don't do any math at his pre-school.
I problem! You are too(: but I bet no one listened to me, haha
My father is an ignorant fucking twat
mrs Parker mrs parker#smokey voice
you can just search my name on iTunes, facebook, and YouTube! (probably the best ones)
This is what most people hope for and Im letting myself throw it away. I have decided to cherish this, and really enjoy things like I should
must conduct research examining why video game creators love chuck norris so much, prepared to be shocked by the results
-- really excited to see that there's a new episode of TWIVC! Really missed having my regular fix the past few months. Thanks!
anyone seeing Spring Awakening tonight?
Waiting on my new #NewtonRunning shoes to arrive...hurry UPS guy. I need to get out there on the open road.
just 2 more followers ... 😁
I kinda feel like I have been run over by a truck. At least emotionally.
it's gunna be like a zoo in there.
it's also "national pancake day" at iHop- peanut butter & pancakes...yum!
drastically reduce plastic usage!
I can't believe how grown they are! They're so beautiful now.. :D
Please extend Wright, Thanks.
you guys are so cool. Thanks for being great people.
Note: "letting my day unfold organically" means I'm sleeping in. Please time your emergency phone calls thoughtfully. Thx!
actually, it was kinda alexis's idea originally.
Stick It is on #abcfamily :) I love this movie!!
Shocked at how you talk to people on twitter, calling them names and losers while speaking as a rep of
Watching the boondocks with my mom
Picasso Co. Are specialized in custom home remodeling services.
What the hell is wrong with Kei?
Today's the day I search all of Twitter with "Irish music sucks" and reply with "THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER!"
cant wait to get back in the water and start my off-season training (by myself lol)
Finally got running on new laptop...added file system scan exception in It would lock up w/each file part
Where can we hear some of your production? Your track record looks legit.
Yeah and how does it feel to be the one that caused those thoughts for someone else.
I'm never making them again...I smell like them ugh
oh I'm sorry
Thats adorable... I remember when I was four.
I love Christmas-the lights, trees, colors-so why am I celebrating the Roman holiday of Saturnalia instead??
Also, I was told that touching it wouldn't make the mom reject it or anything...supposedly not true?
Hey Gurl Love Your Style Lol Nice Job On Skyscrapper(:
Coke Zero?
Am I going to rent a game or not?
Twitter is a drunk text database. That is all I have to say about that.
I agree!
Heehee. RT : "I was into gay mariage before Obama was into Gay Marriage" - Civil Rights Hipsters.
Thank U! Big Fun! Laughed so much while serving your guests that my ribs still hurt. " congrats on the #WIN!! :)"
these people at my school are going to a 1D concert and the only song they know is What Makes You Beautiful. it really pisses me off. 😒
Anybody know someone in the front office at Worlds of Fun?
yumm! What are you going to get? :)
Are you running in the Marine Corp Marathon this year?
thanks - needed one during the audit even more ;)
'memory of paper' site was bit confusing to me. but their links page great! - didn't know briquet, or parts of it, was online
He said he's going to try again with a different girl.
People get old. Look for different things. Little stuff starts to mean more
what are u getting?
If so, it might be worth translating their names into English. (Never assume English speakers also know French. :-P )
Going to kick it with the #Unlawful Family tonight at the #Shadow Room
Anyone who has ever fucked a fat girls belly button can tell you, it's not "all the same in the dark".
": Y does everyone think I have no bat speed at 47" Any mlb teams you'd be interested in signing with?
two months. we're awesome
don't grind too hard ... Why ?!
let me get the keys to that new ride!
has anyone here heard of ? cus they are verified and followed me so i don't know what my reaction should be...
I'm soo upset :( devastated can't believe pats lost this
& then made light it. Did you know their slogan is 'adapt&survive?' I expect more progressive ideas from
Watching Ryan Higa YouTube videos all day. So Funny! :)
thanks Cy! You glad to finally be done?
me follow joo now!
taylor swift with straight hair <
2day from beginning to this very moment has been some supreme bullshit! I'm so over this day....I swear
pssst..keep this a secret..you don't have to know exactly what you're doing when you start writing! You just have to have a baby inkling...
I hate that im death from one ear and I have a country ascent "/
ah OMG! Hahaha now that is what I call CUTE! I wish I could knit so I could make kitten a sweater like that! <3
Sure, it's just that I'm usually working w/all 4 elementary PLUS some secondary schools. Getting to the High Schools? I wish.
Alec, I don't understand. Are you suggesting they are intellectual frauds, or do you assume that it's my position?
Thanks for following. Be sure to check out the blog for details.
I feel you on the Indian web design companies. I did a craig's list posting for a local dev and I get 5 a day from that.
Shoutout to #MillerHighLife for covering the bill the IRS will send to the fan who caught Jeter's 3000th
What a beautiful wedding!!! So grateful that I was able to view to wonderful people get married. Sure do love you Peter and Sarah!!!
with no visual editor after #wordpress blog update.
Hey sweetie!! I'll try to find one :). Shipping the fendi tonight.
if top rank can do one thing it's build an attraction!
RIP Mike Wallace. You truly were an icon and will be missed.
If you're checking out #TheRentalShow, be sure to stop by booth 4245 to see the most innovative new tent on the US market!
preciate the follow fam, working on vol 2 of my mixtape, stay tuned
hell nah,he hasn't called me yet and i even doubt it if he's join too.
aT work ready to go
If you hit a brick wall, without hesitation, go through it.
It's a Boards of Canada kind of Monday.
ocean gang lol
Thanks for the listing! /media-messanger
Laying here thinking... Missing you
I am so ready for a beach, a hammock and a supply of beer. Lots of beer. More please. moprh leash. awlawlmf pwl.a
hey killer
Sometimes all you need to use is your gut, and possibly your wits.
Uh oh. Did it break?
It's the most wonderful time of the year: March Madness bracket picks
so let's get big high
Marina City, Salk Institute, Habitat 67, Whitney Museum, & St. John's Abbey spring immediately to mind.
If you cant catch me before my bed time.. Dont waist your time😘
Networks have played a huge role in history—from the Underground Railroad to the Arab Spring. Which networks inspire you?
It's funny 'cause it's true. rt #ithurtswhen you wake up face down on the floor in a dorm at rice university.
Who's coming with me to the Bahamas next year!? On a mission to win that trip for my Family!
Read Smizik's column in today's PG...I agree with you but he seems unhappy with the moves
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 32
Yep, yep. I really needed it.
Hoping that 2012 will bring everyone good health, great joy and much prosperity.
if you see this RT, if you love me, follow ;) ♥
new music coming soon!! :)
Should you trust your instincts?
We'll be waving! RT : See you in March! Remember the best way to get to the is NY Waterway!
Sarah Phillips probably stole the 'ps' from the end of her own Twitter handle, ()
I love #washingtonDC I've arrived to a party and the judge sotomayor is here :)
More picks in action: Angels, Phillies, Indians, D'Backs, White Sox
Gonna go work out now... to nuthin' but Beastie Boys.
the rules are so complicated!
but i dont think my parents would let me
#dcnyc11 #penton : Agile is great but lets borrow some of the discipline from Waterfall... great session!
‘ubuntu’ is a Bantu word that means: “I am, because you exist.” Love that. Such an interesting way to view #community and
u should just give dem a cup of water n walk away... lol
I'm sad though bc these are characters I've been with for the past 3000 pgs of the series. Who will I bond with now?
nothing...smh lol and there you go not #sharing again lol... nah but i'm finna go eat now though
get on skype....now
Well Danny Hope keeps his job for at least 1 more year!!!
RT : Q8. Best random act of kindness you’ve experienced while traveling?
I just kicked Branden out of the band!!!!! BrownB34r
Press conference is underway MH Clinic
come see and I next Tuesday at Echo Mountain! It's free! And our pals at Alice 105.9 will be there too!
YO JOJO! PLAY ONE MORE TIME BY WELLINGTON
Tbh I think the only reason why girls like Austin manhone is becuz of his looks Cuz he. Has no originality at all... but I agree he's cute!
haha that's to much to re-tell (: sorry
This is for u >>> "That happy moment when you see your food coming in a restaurant." =P
When JEALOUS people say RUDE things.
Before there was Robert California, there was Cory California. Just sayin'.
I want to read a baseball book (like "For Love of the Game") - any recommendations?
I'm trying to win tix so I can see it, but I am determined to make it into the top 5 before the contest ends so am optimistic
do you have a portfolio of your work available for browsing somewhere?
: We were happy to be there! Thanks for putting on such a great fundraiser!
Why does it suprise me how #CBS treat their houseguests are being treated unfair look who Julie Chens Husband is, HE canceled
It took me 10 years, but I finally bought the OLD today. Dept. admin's reaction: "No Dictionary is worth $344 !" Now for the Great Scott...
So i have this retarted ass song stuck in my head though.....
"Your name should be McDonald's, because I'm lovin' it. And by 'it', I mean you."
Stop eating at Merla's Kitchen
RT The job of leadership is to help your organization see the opportunities to do things differently - William Taylor
Shout out to who has a skype interview with folks out in LA. I know you'll kill it baby sis.
Still waiting for the shocking Breitbart videos on Obama ...starting to think they're bogus! Why wait?
quit being a bitch and actually do the work, instead of complaining on how bad it will turn out.
Es finito. Clothing & Get Better V-Day project. check it out at: bit.ly/fO2Kbn order undies at recessionclothing.com
Nothing. You?
my sentiments exactly
Love that both the Grateful Dead AND Fugazi archives projects were represented today at
thank you for the book suggestions and I'll be sure to look them up and attempt to read at least one!
Everybody knows that I'm a motha fing monster.
Very nice.
If you're not weird then you're not cool. & if you're not cool, then what are you? (:
“: already penciled in ; )”sweet
Congrats to awesome commercial
You should hammer your iron when it is glowing hot.
Our friends just sent us Truffibites in flavors like sea salt caramel, green tea pistachio, pecan pie & raspberry!
Thanks!! It's so cool to see! Movin on up :)
"I'm pretty sure for football, you need two teams," "No teams!"
Can't sleep
I collect Missing Dog posters, go to the pound, get puppies that look like the one's on the poster, and get my reward
Brunch starts in 10 minutes. Todays special kiesch served with our homemade hashbrowns and fresh fruit $6.95.
haha thanks bro
Let's see what Pandora talking bout.
are you going to see Avengers?
believe me, if she's had one she"ll understand
QB's will have nightmares about Nick Perry and smashing their faces in! Can't wait for next season!
they don't listen but I'll try. Lol
haha, exactly. unless, of course, Jessica pulls a Brangelina and dresses her like Shiloh
#mamavation took a lap around house for energy. need more. cabin fever!
you ate like a vegetarian... Or you ate A vegetarian. You are from Texas, after all. ;-)
I can't message you back if you don't follow me
These green & white striped outfits are awful but the dancing is cute. I like the part where they play each other's fiddles
Sucks i didnt get to watch the Lakers game yesterday because its not available in Hawaii...no fair...if u watched it...can mu tell who won!!
GO SHARKS!!
My research focus is shifting to deception detection over CMC.
miss you
I'm just now seeing the gimlet pics, etc. - tasty times!
830am. Time to move the furniture.
I love to love u mama! Hugs to all! Xoxo
Cheers for recommending me to Alex. Have you been out on the bike recently?
No Live show today. got lots of other stuff to do. But i'm listening and so should you
Oh my God, shut up.
Goodie Bags for Party Guests: What to Include
What Side U Stay On. I Used 2 Live In The CD
Thy look like hairy nipples or a mole
NPR's Kinsey Wilson: Andy Carvin, master at tweeting from Middle East. One-day high of 839 tweets over 16 hours. Expert at sourcing.
Had a long busy day! Stopped at wild wings waiting for some food.....
love what you wear
Thanks! RT : Follow for news on a world-class celebration of food & drink in #PDX this fall! #FF Happy Friday!
so how we feeling today after cinco de mayo? hungover? hells yeah
wat you got plan for today
Stuck in Iowa for 34 hours
with Cromartie going to the Jets that should keep Asomugha in Oakland,right.
Barney Frank On Mitt Romney: 'There Is A Meanness At His Core'
#IlikeObamacare because I am a moron.
Imaginary Rock 'n' Roll Thesis: The Longevity of Joe Perry
Not sure I am ready for my daughter to be singing "It's Raining Men."
If you had told me before the season that Green, Maysonet and Conrad would be starting for the Brewers on the same day, I'd have shuddered.
Had a lot of fun teaching Photoshop as a guest instructor to Ft. King Middle School's Journalism class. Thank you for a great visit!
Very excited about the Milu scarf and bag I bought! Thanks ! Do you know when the floral scarves will be loaded?
Gossip Girl still comes on....
and again with the retweet now if only i could get this boy to follow me
#duckdynasty is the funniest dang show I've seen in a long time!!!
An hour in line at the post office only to find out they couldn't help me...awesome. What can brown do for you?
As far as Im concerned any player that leaves the Packers is no longer a Packer He can be a Packer again after he retires for good.
This is one of those days when I wish I had a wine rack under my desk instead of file drawers. If I did? I'd open a spicy zin right now.
Think today's soundtrack will be to "How I Got Over" and "The Dreamer, The Believer"...
Keep checking back to see how YOU could win tickets to see Drake at Rupp Arena on Feb. 22nd!
going to bed wondering: how much wood would James Woods wood if James Woods would wood woods?
Online Ad Spending to Surpass Print for First Time in 2012 [STUDY] via
Dear will you marry me???
yessir!! About to attack the week right!!! Bcaa's and some
why is everyone in v diaries dieing???
Just saw Hunger Games- the book is always better than the movie, but this movie was pretty great too!
Wonders who would be the next Mary J. Blige ?
today he wishes he had practice
she's doing payroll at a company called transwestern in the loop. likes it a lot.
On Heels of Grammy-Winning Debut, Tedeschi Trucks Band Celebrates First Anniversary With Live Double-Disc Album ...
Golden Phoenix Appoints Institutional and Sovereign Wealth Fund Expert Jeffrey Dahl to Board of Directors
I have to feed the grandson then it's poker all night!!! Finally I've been away from online poker for almost a week.
Thank you Aaron!
livin like larry.
Yo, we need to catch up. Ton to tell you! Big change
Working late tonight. The Suns web page talks like they still have a chance. We'll see ...
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
thank you for writing TDB piece. When someone famous sez it, people listen. sorry about steroids, not fun.
Classic Southern Sunday breakfast -- banana pancakes with Steen's for breakfast. Well, it's classic at my house...
To the 8th inning we go NO HITTER for Angels
Attn fellow poker players:Make sure u go to Bongos tonite 4 the player party! I'll be there to celebrate my bday w a few gfs!
30! 30! 30! Who! Happy birthday my dear friend :)
if you don't like and then I don't like you.
what in Thot of it ?? I loved it I already know all the lyrics im just so amazed bc yhu come up with awesome song i love them
We have an extra pair of VIP tickets to the show tonight at Culture Room, Fort Lauderdale, FL. Call our office if you want to go
What did he say? I'm sure he was great although once he told me I'm basically incapable of doing anything else.
A CHECK LIKE MINES NO TALK STRI8 SMASHING #
-Having a Pitch Count Contest for CC on our FB page! Giving away Yankees apparel to the winner! www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
Everyone keeps saying 'what if Artest played Games 1-6'...well...what if Wilson Chandler and Rudy Fernandez played in them too?
: I am a journalist who covers beauty and health. I would love to talk, re: M.A.C. Glitter and Ice. Best,
gracias por el apoyo! RT : Found another push to elevate my Spanish beyond the survival level. Go !
I promise no matter who comes in your life, no one will ever love you like I do..
miss you too man, see you soon. Tennis 4 sho
let me get on that hoe lol
Your future newsflash was only half correct. Work on it.
Me! #Follow #143 :) <3 btw i cannot get away from BTR (show) and your concerts!
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – Yum dessert! This week’s menu includes granola with berry filling, cinnamon cheesecake, coconut muffins, peach...
next, Gene's turn
Obesity-Linked Diabetes in Children Resists Treatment - New York Times
that's awesome! I want to her how it goes!
I know but you SHOULD come to texas roadhouse
military GIRL!! sweet!
Building a tuition payment system with Drupal ... still ... uh, check back with me later ...
Yeeeehhhh Follow me please
I think instead of going to the gym tonight I should just go to the bar
:) Followed ya!!
American does not have any coach or business class award travel to Asia for my dates. Looks like l'm flying first class!
Don't forget to keep requesting "Old School" to all your local radio stations!
Thursday, Jan 28 Televised mayoral candidate forum - 9 p.m WVUE-TV, Cox channel 8 - Sponsor: WVUE-TV, Cox channel 8
Headed home after a good weekend with my folks. People are really interesting...sometimes full of surprises. Sometimes not.
ashy i saw you tried to write to me but you wrote to the wrong danielaa . Ill mssg ypu kelly numb now imyyy and ilyy
What a play, !
hate working with rude clients.. the urge i have to call them a bitch and slam the phone... god.
Every time after I eat I feel like taking a fat cat nap.
Thank you for the RTs!!
lol uh no! I would've cried.
I love going to her games and being able to spend the evenings with her 😊
The lobby will reopen at 10:30AM tomorrow
God got my back... Blessed
don't think i am making it to the patio's tonight
Observing all the looks and writing them for my blog. Stay tuned.
40 greatest pranks was in today you should of watched it to get ideas l0l
faking the date on your homework to an earlier time, so it doesn't look like you did it last minute?
Is that David Wu on the left? lol
Yep. (beat me to that.) Important. Also, seems clear that savings wd be at back end; that is, over 15yrs v low savings.
Be on the lookout for Marcus Kidd. Awesome job!!!!
RT you dont think kuchley would be an as.drastic improvement at sam?>> No doubt. But not as important a position as impact safety
that's true. That was bush league. But that's what they are known for.
RT : 72 small businesses have visited the Pop Up Marketing Shop. thx 2 all the creative talent that helped. hooplegroup.com
M&m's, twix, snickers, granola bars etc... Pretty ligit
If you get a DM from me with "I am laughing so hard.." or "Someone's saying bad things about you.." DO NOT OPEN it is spam/hacker NOT ME
We are going to be live tonight at 8:30pm EST. Join us at live.thendusr.com
Damn Tmmrw NO I am Turning Up Fuck The Law Can't Handle This Trill Shxt !
If you can't find an in then start volunteering because that's the next best thing to landing an internship! Work hard at it!!!
Sounds like an excellent plan! Go Barons! :) Soon to have 2 daughters attending BVHS :)
I will be there.
There is give and take..but stop & realize that constantly doing one or the other creates an unfair balance. Which tip of the scale are you?
Please follow my other account that me and my friend made -> btw today IS my birthday so this can be your birthday gift for me.
Dear Blue Cheese, stay delicious. Your loving admirer -Bennett
that's impossible... I need you there!:)
YOU NEED TO FOLLOW -----> He'll follow back.
#endoftheworldconfession I got a big secret and I'm hiding it from the man I'm in love with
check me out I make my scissors by hand the best period for true pros only new website coming also renbow hair color peace
#TVTalentTuesday Follow our talent!
FYI - I'll be at the Code Year meetup and can do a writeup.
Sometimes life leaves us two final choices: "Yes or No", "Now or Never", and "Take it or leave it."
That's why I was late chief
The Oscars, where 99% of #SAG actors watch the 1% who work!
you're right, but not if they don't want or have anything in life. They can care less what happens to them or anyone in that case
mostly NYC minimalist with a touch of San Diego free-spirited bohemian!
A3- Triggered emails with product recs see click-through rates 40 percent higher than traditional marketing messages.
take that motherfucker hackers.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously The Game tv show....
#ImHappy because i have a #father #God that will never leave me, #one who always protects me, guides me, corrects me & loves me forever.
Bitches think they knoe me
I dreamt of my baggage. Really. I was retrieving my baggage from a train in a panic because I couldn't remember how many bags I had.SYMBOLIC
: Any time!
This news announcer always slurs his words. I worry about him.
RT Feeling very lucky to be married to someone who also doesn't give a shit about giving or getting Valentines Day presents.
hi everyone long time no see! what ever your dreams are dont stop pursuing them!xoxo miss mimipink:)
LIKE this status if you'd rather be shopping right now. What's your favorite store at Cottonwood Mall?
seeing bianca = pain in my heart
It's only punishment if you post pictures of yourself in the dress. Otherwise it's just a light and airy day.
Correction... will be on with me next week on ! My bad...got my dates mixed up!
He's 31 though. He probably lasts there for only 2 more seasons.
Today's Google doodle is awesome. Celebrates birth of Howard Carter, who found King Tut's tomb.
Irene has been removed from the World Meteorological Organization's list of tropical cyclone names. Irma is her replacement.
is 1 individual Id enjoy collaborating with #Followback 4
Have a feeling they plan to take care of Forte, long as he stops talking! Bears dont like mouths........ :
I am DONE with jury duty!
Dom, thanks for the input. We only have the none site two major recent outages. Can you get out of contract early?
snow? Now you are really showing your age.
i hope the #Pacers pull it out in the end of the next round!!
I know where the sidewalk begins.
Had a blast meeting & grammin' with the social team at ! Can't wait to be back, thanks for a warm welcome :)
I missed it - why did Girardi pull Nova?
Hear the sound of your body drip, drip, drip <3
thanks for the rt.
btw for those who followed the #sc2 drama with the racist comments... that player and his team "parted ways" yesterday. So there you go...
haha, I'm not sure if she did or not, and I don't really care. But she sure is talking some crazy shit about me on here.
I'm glad you can forgive me, because I can't forgive myself.
juz know that it happened.......juz know that
I did get it. Thx so much!! Sorry I haven't had a chance to reply, we've been slammed!
Was stuck on the PATH train for like 35 mins.. #WTF ;{
lol, not acting but stunts :) thanks for keeping your fingers crossed for me :)
Chicken fried rice does sound good right now...
I got my wife a pack of gum today while I was out. Made her super happy and, as a result, me. It's the small things.
you're super funny! Sorry we didn't get to chat more
chillin wit in gym #SO PROUD OF HER:P
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO FLORIDA
I feel tall at this gas station 🙆
Sending HOT love to our fan
Dead Wings. Damn.
I vote 12
Thanks for the plug Pete!
I'll spend the day learning the intracacies of Automatic Semicolon Insertion. When I'm 70, the time savings begins paying off big time!
Going to do chores and I have the dog with me for company! Every day is a new day in life!
“: #RIHquestNAVi goes haaaarrrrddd n da paint” see Rihanna uses hard in the paint!!
I don't mean to brag.... However she has nothing on me! I win hands down!
one stop shop! Go MMX!
ATTENTION: Please learn the difference between YOUR and YOU'RE and know when to use it..hate seein that in my TL
#RB8 have a day kid!
cool. it will be the very last day of my 20s. seriously. YAY!
Good morning <3
There were pics of it flying over Manhattan to get there. I fly into NYC tomorrow. :)
there's abit of complexity in the economics of it all, maybe libs == $$ for pubs w/ ebooks, but it doesn't seem likely
I hate you.
oh thanks! Going to a canyon today! :)
Ok now tell somebody how u really feel about em 2day
This April session is rocking!! How's it going with those Week One assignments?
Ladies it's better to lose a love then love a loser!
so was it good?
Lets Go Heat !!!
We are currently rating the top TEN poker pros, who do you think should be on the list?
#BabyThor I dig it.
ugh i got hacked again -_-
sounded painful
hi, my name is Ashley and I will be listening to tgose tracks when Bobby is done. :)
Well let me know what you decide (:
Don't forget to mark your calendars! Twitter party is 3 days away. Monday 8-9pm EST! Hashtag:
Great time Parq Hotel business mixer.
British Songs: You don't know your Beautiful.... American songs: I WANNA FUCK ALL THESE BITCHES ON DA FLOOR .
Everyone has their own beliefs but there is nothing wrong with following Christ.
Finding answers to questions without a registry (but with the data). Start w finding stakeholders who are most intersted
FREE 10" pokey stick at Gumby's w/ any order over $7. Only w/ a
We stand at the tip of our mountains mad as the eye can see; enchanted in awe.
TY everyone for a great day yesterday- for braving the lines & supporting handmade. If you got any pics email to us. And post links too! xo
no problem [:
These chicks on #Revenge are "Way Too Cold" get the Theraflu
thanksforfollow let us know if we can also be of help -
i'd like a video tutorial on how you build an iPhone App Icon. If you sell it via gumroad i'd even pay you :)
I'm left-handed, but I struggle more with clipping the nails on my right hand than the other way around. I don't get it.
Omg I just got a thang for Jeezy music
11:11 y'all..wishing time...
Happy Friday Everyone!
Tell Justin we don't like when he wears clothes.
It's awesome. Enjoy!“: Going to see The Lion King this afternoon. Excited. It has been on my life list for a long time.
Hello KIWW, I would luv to know if you all do business in Asia and if you still engage in sponsoring sports properties?
oh a million times socrates
Semisweet ChocolateSemisweet chocolate as the name suggests has a low content of sugar
Do we get them from the venue?
hey JESSWARNER10 go get some more nachos. YOLivO_21 said so...
Thx for the follow Katie. How's life at , #Lauderdale's hottest salon? :)
Still no k-8 outfit..
Unbelievable. Just when I move to NYC books a show at the Fillmore Miami. "Just do it right, make it perfect and real."
but it's not who you think.
sign of the beast!
#YoungSiic is in the studio. Word of the night
Vstd ur page Like and agree with the quotes Thx 4 following me All best to you
RT: If u were to follow for me that would be #amazing:)))
Music can bring the most divergent of souls together to produce a symphony of the mind.
For that lover of horses & fine art. Frank Joseph Dillon - Rare Oil painting - African American Artist 1866-1954. Will send link
Just spun off about 600 calories...now putting 1,200 back into the tank. Math magic at its best.
This Black Friday is already sounding crazy, I think I'll wait for Cyber Monday.
What can you do to engage your audience and enhance their experience while they wait in line to get into the house?
But then again Jake Fox is pretty ass, but then again so are the rest of the Bucs bats.
got kicked out of smashed in. midwest blood
“: If the BAU was real, I'd be a perfect fit for it! #CriminalMinds” I LOVE THAT SHOW
“Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.” - Peter T. Mcintyre
WE #BELIEVE! who has one of JB'S Iphone4s CASES?
can you send us a detailed email w/acct info and issue? we'll get to the bottom of this.
We have achieved moshing.
Researching various film journals to submit articles to. Anyone have suggestions for magazines that like slightly smart ass film reviews?
Save me save me...
hey hey. How are you doing my freind. How you been. How's your Monday been so far.
You can't get one from anyone? /:
By separating data from interaction you can specialize ux to user's needs T.V. Raman #uicdae - good for #accessibility & good for mobile web
chillin finna be back to the barracks after we come from Walmart.
RT : All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same. -Marilyn Monroe
one of the things to avoid: design by committee
you shouldn't have to control either of them if they wanna be with you they'll be good girls :)
Final score from Toyota Park Seattle Sounders FC 2, Chicago Fire 1. Big fight at the end. Possible suspensions?
Being exempt from everything >>>>>>>
Thanks so much for the RT!
people are people, too
I totally understand why, but it's really boring to watch games when they just park the bus..
It seems like James Marsters has only ever been Spike.
Who's at Bonnaroo right now?!
Newt is not the front-runner; Romney has 31 delegates to Newts 26!
RT : Just saw that College Football Live on Va Tech...I think our O line is gonna gel quickly and you already know the D is...
it's all season
Gooden sending a 100 mph missile towards the hoop.
no problem. Good luck!
Nice tapout shirt I bet your a great fighter
“To be alive is to totally and openly participate in the simplicity and elegance of here and now.” ~Donald Altman
Tech-Sector Lobbying Group Wants 'Patent Trolls' Out of the ITC
Enjoy your stay down here in the Jacksonville area. Take advantage of the beautiful day up there in Amelia.
I just referred my friend Ciara to you for more toys. Be nice to her!
welcome to motherhood #jessicasimpson! All women's blouses with baby spit up on them will be cleaned for free today on #freefriday!
i could NEVER fight or argue over a dude thats no good !
#ItSeemsLike at this point, moving on is what I have to do
Nobody is an expert, we all try to do the best we can. I hope 1 day u can open ur heart & see that gays deserve the same rights
We find old stuff anywhere and everywhere..come to the southwest!
When I have a meltdown bc there are no eggs & I already started making cookie dough? Gonna be a rough week. Giving up & going to bed early.
I had one yesterday the gel was cold I asked them to clean it twice then some got in my belly button not cool!!!
I know right?!
Go Scotty, I hope you win idol now that Jacob is gone
I'm thinkin I want a Kenan & Kel box set for Christmas. It's just around the corner, so if you see one...Holla at me! - Wes
RT: "applied" to my current job via twitter. Saw a post, DM'd, pushed to top of resume pile
Katy Beth Perry,last Friday night was amazing:)
When informed how I should straighten my hair, my gut response was to say, "I just got my master's degree and lost 30 lbs."
Certainly would have worked! Anyone need a boat full of dizzy drunkards?
an excellent maxim, dear friend.
yeah it was this powder thing and i put it in a water bottle
Thanks for the RTs!!!
Coming back to Twitter now that I am down to four assignments left. No more finals. Odd how that works out this semester.
I find his language fu*king awesome!! “: I really enjoy but find his language off putting.”
We will tweet the winner at 9 PM CST. Must follow and retweet before 8PM CST to have a chance to win! Good luck everyone!
Next time i'll steal ALL your fries
New website coming very very soon ;)
the new vid
I don't think I'd ever buy pajama jeans, but I can't be alone in wishing for pajama work pants.
For link building, search engines are looking for footprints -- avoid the same anchors, says
you better come to Minnesota or Wisconsin. :)
SMILE! Yes. Thanks for the reminder. It takes far less facial muscles to smile than to frown plus it lightens you up.
WHAT! I WANNA KISS TOO
Def forgot to tweet about all of the amazing artists I came across yesterday at the starving artists show yesterday!
they're my boyzzz seats. They get the tix from friends, very top row so u can stand, get in and out easy, see the whole park.
“: Stop doubting God!”
(Sheltered By Skies) has a new track before the EP! #Help get us to 1,200 likes on facebook so we can release it =] hmu =]
Had In-n-out for lunch and I found my phone
this is one tru heat fan»»»
It just feels like I'm not going anywhere without him
You know who my gods are, who I believe in fervently? Herman Melville, Emily Dickinson — she's probably the top — Mozart, Shakespeare, Keats
Off to experience #SXSW for the first time. Looking forward to it! Any tips for the South By newbie, send them through
is my crush of the day. nice cover of Sexy and i know it dude. :)
old people should not be allowed to 1) drive a car 2) handle money 3) eat in a restaurant 4) vote Dave Norris 4 pillar program
Can this go by any slower? Holy shit...
asks about other work does. Ping: Interview process impacts other projects as well, typical plays.
O.m.g
Guys who are on that gangbanging type ish are beyond unattractive. Boy bye !
tell that he's lyin to himself
#raincamp is happening now! I am so excited to attend and learn!
busted my face on my window sill.. lol
Yay!! This week has started off great and it keeps getting better....
Nothing but tank-tops.
I still have eyelash glue on my eyelashes... -_-
I never hear wank. Lol. It's always jerk off. And don't go blaming Madonna!!!
SenConrad(D-ND) NoBudget Cmte Chair says #budget has no chance be4 election! Cynical political manipulation of #economy Millions r suffering
Laying down, thinking bout everything that happened today .
For sure! Can't wait til next yr!-->RT : what a great time
I agree re: hashtags, with the exception of Instagram--tweet your photo with the museum's name as hashtag
I'm sure we will! Represent my man! RT your gonna get my best every time! Thanks!
Just saw the weed guy from high school wearing a suit on subway. I want to think finance job,but he's probably just coming back from court.
wow my nba2k12 stopped working
LMFAO! I ain't on no crack or drugs!
happy sunday?.
Re-hypothecation doesn't seem legal yet it works for MF Global and Lehman
I used to like 311. And now I live in 411. #beautifuldisaster?
Those unemployed, laid off, college student needs money, here are some ways to make extra income from home - stay tuned
Tony Madruga, Louis Faife, Paquito D'Rivera AND ELLIS MARSALIS last night!!! More today on the National Mall - hope to see you out there!!!
I can never tell if ur tweets are about me...
welcome! Thank u so much for being a fan of azap acne care! Pls take our skin test&we will send you the best product for your skin
Today is the 163rd Manchester Derby, Manchester City FC vs Manchester United. The match will decide the English Premier League title.
I signed the petition. But what about the loans the govern has sold or will be selling to private companies. I'm still screwed?
The Notebook
Additional tickets will be made available at the box office tomorrow starting at noon. Be prepared for a long line...
I don't understand why people cheat. If your not happy , just leave .
so happy for MO! RT : Given his time in Cincy, needs to hit up for the inside scoop on the 'Nati
Slow down
So pissed right now!
Fill out our customer survey for a free $5 gift card! www.goodwilldenver.org/survey or stop by our Thornton store this morning!
congrats on the new PB digs!
really hoping I get this new job
Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away, now they look as if they're here to stay.
What do Brad Gilderman, Bonnie McKee, Jamie Muhoberac, Michale Lloyd, Victoria Shaw Bill Aucoin, Gene Simmons, Shaun Cassidy have in common?
I was gonna suggest its time to move out west!
Once, a cobra bit Chuck Norris's leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
But at least U made it back.
Dear Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, you guys are so Naughty
My brother just fell outta the tree in my front yard. Holy shit.
better yet send him a book :) I think I know of a good one called
Purchased an exercise bike. Nothing fancy. Already reaping the benefits!!! It's nice to have something for extra exercise insurance.
Does anyone know of any really good esoteric forums? I've found ecauldron.net, but I'd like to branch out as well!
Its 7/11, which means FREE slurpies at seven-eleven today!!
A3: really? I thought the point was to pin stuff you find all over. It links to source still, which is why i thought it was ok.
Ha! "How to Turn Laziness into Flowers"
Once in a while, in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.
It was, and me-of-5-years-ago would've just sent it, feeling smug and getting nothing done :)
Thanks. I've looked at diigo a bit in the past but was good w/ delicious. Time to reexamine it. delicious changes :(
I have never heard Romney talk about his mom...
Rain, lightning and fog is our top story this morning on
I'm all ready and got my tux on!! #Classy :)
Not our event, sadly. I'm secretly hoping I can get there too!
Just got off my time machine
We had a magical time in Nashville! Back to being busy in Columbus! Check our Facebook page for upcoming shows and new pics!
We appreciate all the likes, but give us some comments? We would like to know what you think! -Cody (:
29 great beers on tap at new Wingharts location. two hearted ale
I think they're hooked...several students entering my room today said "Please tell me we are working on our project today!" Got to love PBL
Cool well we all need to get up for drinks soon. LES?
great song by manson
Hassan expected to find a huge, human-skin covered book with thick, yellowed parchment pages and an ancient brass clasp with a lock...
One good thing about today's 30-minute run is having to concentrate so hard on breathing took my mind off all the grants writing I've to do
95 on algebra exam, 96 on biology exam, 87 on english exam, yet barely passing computer apps now...
Mfs be so #TeamDiamond but soon as another bitch come around she get the same treatment . Mfs don't owe me shit just STOP SPEAKING TO ME
thanks for the follow, m'loves! xox
I used to run 12 miles every Saturday. Just keep imagining you'll be doing more than twice that and it's easy.
Heavy metal duo: Husband, wife design artwork from glass, metal - Utica Observer Dispatch
“: i love free coupons, you too right? ” .Especially those for articles used to make METH!
Innovative...use of the mediation process continues to evolve...
I bombed that test...
Why thank you! We think it's pretty great ourselves.
Morgan is on FIRE!
my bad ill text you next time lol
Love this! A skill most foster kids, unfortunately, don't get.
what is the link for the VIP pacages?
Did you have the truffle chicken at Nomad? I can't stop thinking about it!
My 10 year old (very fit - buff karate kid) son just did his first plank - 65 seconds! Woot!
Even though this sounds creepy, I will help. Try Spencers Gifts.
Grab a six pack RT To grab a Corona ...or not to grab a Corona....that is the question at hand
Yeah lots of injuries early on, but it's part of the fun.
The thing that scares #GeorgeSchultz most: nuclear weapons in the wrong hands & going off.
Also, heavy ass grocery bags w/the ring on, ouch.
Unknown~ If all my friends were to jump off a bridge I wouldnt jump with them Id be at the bottom to catch them.
Thank you very much, my twitter family for your generosity . God always blesses those who sees others needs and help.
*autocorrect....:) Sorry! Thought it was a nickname for someone...wasn't sure who, but it was still funny. :) :)
At the RIT Conference center for our 2012 roll-out event, hope the food is good!
figured one word was careful enough answer
So many great ideas! Thank you to all the presenters!
nice! I'm plannin on being back for that weekend
plz follow me U guys r good inspirations for me my 6 yr old brother who loves u guys and My lil 4yr old sis that's obessed :)
grilled cheese and spaghetti o's. oh, i'm living life on the edge today.
MISSING(last seen in Indiana): LAUREN SPIERER 4'11" 100 LBS BLONDE HAIR BLUE EYES. ANY INFO CALL: 812-339-4477. Lauren needs to be found
Thank you for the RT!
- Going great! I'm working at it & being received well. I see you are travelling the world singing. Exciting!
I have endured a great deal of ridicule without much malice; and have received a great deal of kindness, not quite free from ridicule.
Nicki Minaj with these pepsi commercials <> Corny & cute at once.
Poker time at
wait which video did you show her?
Can I interest you in a gaggle of penises?
you leave me no choice but to build up my walls again and make them invincible to the world.
I say Richard Pitino. Its as close as he will ever get to greatness.
Yup comes in handy on days I don't plan on going and than am bored and just pop in.
“I’ve learned… that no matter how much I care, some people just don’t care back.” — Omer B. Washington
Yeah, he knew that LeShoure was hurt, but I don't he realized he was on IR. And he didn't know about Williams. Sad.
Spring break is over.
Would like to get you on in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk LeBron and what the Bulls are up to? Thanks in advance.
is there any accountability, team push ups 2 keep us motivated? Just wondering. a red eye from NYC is the best time 2 motivate
oh tuesday. is extreme dancing cajun pawn picker hoarder wars on tonight?
Just sang Beat It in front of 200 people!!
Wow. I'm pretty sure I would've wet myself if that happened, lol.
we look fwd to serving you! U coming to the groundbreaking on May 14?
Good morning.
call me babe if u want or can
I'm going shoe shopping with my mommy and my grandma! Yay! :]
jaden smith better than diggy simmons
For sure man
Nw: The Social Network
I'm about to unlock this!!!
Sending hello to the folks in Hong Kong...:)
WHHHHOOOOAAAAAAA!!!!! SILVEY ON THE TWITTER! !!! MEOW!!!!
Playing at the Metro Gallery tonight with and Spirituals remixed with hip-hop beats and cello.
Are you a gaming/anime/comics fan? Check out and at the Momocon convention in Atlanta, between 3/16-3/18
How is it even possible to have a concave butt?Really?It looks like jaws bit ur ass off.I hope ur checking out a booty video
Stressin right now
Q: Why should you never iron a 4-leaf clover? A: You don't want to press your luck. Wishing everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Follow Him He Follow Back!
Corollary to Godwin's Law: The argument is over when it devolves into a denunciation of furries.
I didn't hear you say hi back! 😥
If everybody's thinking alike, somebody isn't thinking - Gen G. Patton
who took my lighter...
Oh well that was a different Mind Palace.
First day out sick- hope my students check the wordpress and can follow directions. . . I am sure they will.
Sure thing!
To quote my wife, "This is Wisconsin, can't we get a recall of these #MegaMillions numbers?"
Drinking legally >>
Had a blast at Lucky Strikes in DC last night. Can't wait to go back.
LOVE that your photo is on one of the silo swing chairs! Can't wait to get to LA to check out the store.
NYC area friends I'm flying in next week for Showcase.
Head hurts good night
its all good. I met someone at target in the tampon section. We're the same age so yeahh....im done!
It's not even noon and I have #pizza on my brain.
ok lazy 's b-day is 12/19/72.So basically same time when I was young & watching.So mayB U R the old 1? :)
The fact that is rich should not disqualify him from being president. Only from paying taxes. So leave him alone filthy liberals
World Listening day - from Berlin. Just recorded the sound of silence in the Straatsbibliothek.
how you know it's a Monday: wake up wicked early, then sleep through 4 alarms, then realize your bills autodebited out of the wrong acct.
People just love pissing me off when I'm outside with friends. I guess. Smh, people are so immature now-a-days.
That moment when you start throwing decorations at the tree and hope they stick cause you're sick of hanging them.
James Howard Kunstler
My copy arrived in the mail yesterday. The entire issue looks so great, but your piece was a stand out.
Forever Alone.
thanks for the follow!
Interested in vibratory exercise. Some units sell for $$$. Added a vibratory motor to my office chair. Now I'm like Elvis...all shook up
finIShed is the business of taking stock. sISyphus, pick back up your rock.
Another good day with the family visiting at Hollywood Studios as they go back to South Florida tomorrow. Time for bed and a work in the am.
Got an angel on my Pandora bracelet in memory of my nana and Christina 💚💜
that Gud Boo,how's the kids
I see you Bucky.
You can always find reasons to not do something but honestly you only need one reason to actually do something.
Three more huge boxes have been donated and delivered to casa de swap. Can't wait to share all this great stuff with you at Mom + Kid Swap!
theory is waiting to be studied...
Im put'n on a winter coat! I better watch it! The cold weather makes me so lazy. How about you?
My #ASJA2012 #health & #beauty writing panel moved 2 Friday 4/27 at 10:15 Mark your calendars; panelists R editors from top women's mags!
Well it was a packed house in McNally's for kickoff of the though it MIGHT have had to do with a different game
If you don't know what your government is doing, you don't live in a democracy. ~ Jane Anne Morris
I'm so pissed my dedication passion and love for is not enough I jus wanted to see this man damnit was tht too much to ask
just sang all the words to the #LeagueofTheirOwn song that the women sang before games and at the Hall of Fame
We get around haha
You guys pumped?
It pays to have a #birthday this week. I'm up to 60 bucks in freebies! Thx
yea im sort of an idiot
what did Austin get you?!?!
Up from a nap, yes I took a nap. I feel better now and my youngest is still naping. So should I start on another painting....hum?
