Tiger criticizes ex-coach's new book. Given his stature, how many books did Tiger just sell for Hank Haney?
Didn't forget, just ran out of characters. I can't forget your epic-ness!
“: The role of a pastor's wife is to love her husband and pray for Him. ”
Haha I am gonna go to bed
$2 naty light. For twitter followers of course.
Night everyone!!(:
Don't know where you got the item. I got it from Bonnie. Sorry, don't read everything you write.
my house is nice (: you should come here (;
that is just bullshit
and Mr. Estel was grumpy and Mrs. Goode wasn't there so that made it way worse
and allocation of risk is the big issue with 401k. Over the long term, city is better able to bear risk.
Trapped the Alien worm in the trash can outside. Got Jean Pierre Jeunet's "Alien Resurection" stading by.
Had a guy ask me today, "What's so fast about Fast Draw Media?" I showed him my mobile website!
have u bought ur beach fossils ticket?
McFaddens is looking for a few good men...to bartend. Apply in person on Wednesday and Thursday of this week.
got his ALA registration fixed and is going to see the Psychodelic Furs tonight
We do too! Good luck on the marathon!!
Dropped my flash yesterday (smh) :( & had a photo gig diss morn. Had 2 shoot w/out it. But now I'm :) bcuz I'm gettin my crown molding done.
that was an amazing concert I smiled the entire time (: you're so talented and I'm so glad I was at the first concert this year
Had PFC for the first time & last cuz it taste like frozen food & overpriced especially tofu taste like plastic
#lifewaseasybefore Dumb People started coming out of no were Ruining Relationships, lives, friendships, basically everything.
yes I'm glad as well lol.
Ladies and cents, we take the stage at tonight at 8:00
Closing arguments in the O'Rourke Carlsbad school shooting trial this morning.
I love you Whit.
when is the first show?
like they need a lesson in that? They know better than I do!
you always expect the best from Bruce!
I agree with you especially with the Voter ID Bill.
indeed! and for you as well. looks like all of our margin stuff made it into the MLA!!
#FF island mates I rely on you so much. xo
30 min of it was all I can stand wooosha
Carnival of Souls, Beverly Lane and Underground Entertainment-The Movie at The Paramount Tonight starting at 6pm. $10 at door! Bar at 9pm
Thank you for a beautiful evening of dinner, awards, and unity.
Always love watching Man U getting beaten , Destroyed I mean , Just a shame it was City that destroyed them , City are the real deal though
"I told you it was a mini blowpop"
Do not limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they could do. You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
Major League Soccer: Screw knowing the players names - WE HAVE STADIUMS!
Last burger day ever with
Agreed! ;) RT : if you'd actually show UP to my party you might find out. BOOM. ;)
crap i need to find my book bag.
Instead of doing work, all I want to do is sit here and make a list of everything I am going to buy once I win the
thx, u too.
I never planned on you changing your mind
I didn't see u today...
I just finished working on some pretzels. I need to go find my big hat before post time.
It's so dark and gloomy out--I can't believe it's only 6:00!!
is coming to avon and im not gonna see her...
I don't think* it's fair
Well aren't YOU snooty! ;-)
I used to actually kinda like going to school... but then I moved to Texas.
Oh! RT : Future tweetup idea, courtesy of and : pajama party, preferably at symphony or opera.
Taylor Lautner won best butt kicker award at KCA's
I want to reinvent the TV watching experience! What do you have in mind?!
i'm gonna try and get attention
Are you Canadian now, Bryz?
Maybe if I didn't use Twitter. RT : So my Twitter email digest was completely pointless. Anyone find it interesting?
you think Gus Johnson is still up announcing this game at home?
Did you get the name of the venezuelan? Maybe he has learned to speak russian. :)
Just got to work last night saw breaking dawn OMG
Can't really sleep..
Hey It's Samuel From FB I Miss Talking 2 U And If U Do A Skype On FB Hope U Pick Me lol
Hey so we go on at 7:45 tonight hope to see everybody here!
Too much fun at Spring Jam. My liver/stomach/brain are paying the price.
Feels good to almost be caught up after being gone on vacation. Some #NHL fun tonight, then the #NFL Draft action tomorrow evening.
I want Follow me? My best day :)
Yes, thank you. I've just seen your post about a wedding ring? Congrats to you and Bas! Wishing you both all the best. x
Totally agree! What car are you detailing?
well, yes but with the increased donations and the bloomberg match, they have over $900,000 this year, from this alone.
Goldman Prize Ceremony happening on stage right now and hearing some very inspiring stories from my desk
I don't drink beer and I am a Chicago Bears fan. Now do you guys understand why I had to leave WI? C'mon Chicago!!! 1st and goal at the 5!
#wilco deserve every ounce of praise for their live shows. 3+ hours, 3 sets, awesome set list. Thanks, wilco!
Gotta go for Rashad! ~>King of swagger
TOMORROW NIGHT: THE GRAND OPENING OF THE BRINK!! FREE COVER & ILL BE SPINNING!! check out more specials here:...
wedding fever all around - bank holiday Friday for all! www.IamINC.biz
omg your welcome! and love you <3333 lol and mee to! :D omfggg
This couple on 16 and pregnant > they have like the perfect family
Why is it that when I have lots of time, I have no writing ideas, and when I have so little time, ideas are everywhere? GRR!!!
omg i love your singing and the others too, but it's hard to choreograph to what makes you beautiful
the best 10 months. (:
not even close! However, sourdough toast & chocolate ice cream? Magical.
- Looks like things are going well out there in Cork??
Can't wait for this weekend. Pax Prime in Seattle where I live. Sadly, I can only go on the last day :-(
Yo you & Kasi come down!“: Lover, Lover, Come Support St. Jude Tommorow Night At Cowboys Dancehall!"
Get yo ass here to club empire its going down all day
RT if you think should have a sub named after :) #MahoneSub haha.
“: Watched the new State farm Commercial. :) :) no Clay Matthews like hinted...” I think clay will be in state farm 3
Pole class starts at 8. I've missed the pole!!
definitely not
Whenever I have to chose between two evils, I like to try the one I haven't tried before. - Mae West
just sent my resume to the desert
I'm not surprised, not everything lasts.
Did you get your Mcdonalds? As long as it wasn't murder burgers. We learned bout White Castle the hard way! lol
lol I would but one of my friends ruined it for me when I got her a job there :/ and you should've said something! U should apply!
The only metrics I like to measure my RTs in is a scale of AWESOME and I think you're all AWESOME :)
have fun! Colton is going to be there so hopefully you run into him! if so tell him we're the biggest teen wolf fans ;D
Dear Mr. Motorcyclist on the 405 riding in the carpool lane when the rest of us are in traffic - #areyouseriousbroski?
Someone just broke my ankle..... Its got that tingly feeling like when its broken....
Starting some new cosplays I will be posting pictures of my Date Masamune Cosplay very soon! I will start tomorrow!
Good pass Rondo!!!!
Be LOVE now.
Great job tonight! Hope to have you back soon!
just no good with dough.
Jamba training class day
You can give a lot of things but you can't give up.
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 1-2 ft knee to thigh high occ. 3 ft. POOR CONDITIONS
I just finished Fifty Shades Darker. Shall we #bookclub it over wine soon?
Same to you!! :) RT : thanks! happy Friday :)
remember when we tweeted that same tweet five times!? crazy. Dominique REALLY wants you to read her post? technical problems. working on it!
I asked Santa for the Packers to win home field advantage for the playoffs.
Ten years ago: Joe Black, the first black pitcher to win a World Series game, for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952, died in Scottsdale, Ariz.,
partying it up tomorrow with the old crew </3 how i missed them <3
Thanks for the follow, Mike!
hey buddy nice meeting you this weekend
make it or break it tonight . 💙💙💙
You guys are amazing. The only band that'll comment on a two month old wall post on facebook :D Thank you for being amazing(:
#happymothersday I love my mom. Grateful for everyone I've gotten to spend time with this weekend!
Seeking a large & reliable corpus of social SPAM comments for use in training an algo. Please DM me if you can help & I will reciprocate.
Roger Waters or David Gilmour?
Now we are talking about sperm donors.....
let's connect for a coffee today in between women (wait, that didn't sound right) :D
Thanks man! :D We will be recording more in about a month for our split EP with our friends in Sing me to sleep :)
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe. Anatole France
Just went to world market and I want the entire store!
como soy vago loco??
Listening to foo fighters on the radio. Just another reminder bamboozle is this weekend and I won't be there :/
Well, THAT was weird LOL!!!
Mad props to the punter getting called up in the 3rd round. Punters change games folks, no joke! :)
umm yea sure ill get you a card lol
Thanks for your help!~Don
Comcast can take its customer service and shove it cause my dvr doesnt work and internet & phone didnt earlier this week
#Occupy Seattle this is very positive and high energy! So great to be part of it all!
people are too afraid to put themselves out there. they need to pick it up in the swag department.
So it looks like the tweet of the day will be a hit. Now I am going to spend my days thinking of witty comments. Maybe some help is needed?
Learning how storytelling works across new and traditional media platforms for nonprofits and social justice w
Value Pricing is the way to go. Hands-down. Nuts or not, it's the future! :)
It feels really good to be back in America, even though the weather and food are way worse.
Noah's neighbor, one morning: "Hey, honey, I think we're missing a couple of goats."
lol that's hilarious! Dont get in trouble ;)
Attention Apple: your chuckleheaded rule against competing book apps will not prevent me from getting books from someone other than Apple...
I wish it was some other body's trauma.
Just when we think we can't hate Instagram anymore, Facebook buys them ...
"Life Becomes Beautiful" video. Nice job! I'm feeling it.
me too i cant wait for new one come out.
have a great event tomorrow!
Olga's snackers oh yeah!!!
I'd like to be everything u wanted......
RT : It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Thanks for coming in today Bo!
I just remembered being stuck backstage at the AMAs with Whitney Houston while Pink was rehearsing. Weird.
Spent my morning Photographing and Cataloging Mable Ringling's Linens
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills! How is Afro Blue not in the final??? Complete miss.
Does any Political News Junkies or Journalists want to chat on here? Does the "Mainstream" Media have it in for Romney & Supporting Obama?
Correction - #StoudDay is today!
he looked so good (:
but just NOT pretty enough, lol!
you left out Hayward for the packers selection on your list
gaining on first place :) woo!
Had about three cups of coffee tonight, seems to have put my tummy in a twist... Not fun! :-(
Sweet dreams, Maurice Sendak. If we only had Wild Things, it would have been enough. Picture book perfection. But there's Mickey! & Rosie!
yes! This!
Obama proposes $8billion community college career fund to train 2million workers 4 well-paying jobs in high-demand industries
"Fun fact: The original name for Selena's character, before she became Alex Russo was Brooke O'Malley. #WOWPFact” omg. Ew.
What happened in#AZ #sports tonight? #coyotes lose #nhl, #diamondbacks lose #mlb, not a good night for us!!
Eleanor Hamilton~ A compliment is a gift not to be thrown away carelessly unless you want to hurt the giver.
Everything good on my end
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1719 author Sir John Hawkins was born. He was the author of the first history of music.
what's you're #? I'll hit you up when I'm there! Cause I live at summerlin.
Geography expert? Nice...
Snowing ... but no graupel and no thunder snow. Very disappointed.
Pitchers and catchers report in 13 days.
help us spread the word on my #candidacy to run against #EricCantor. Like FB, RT.
Pumpkin spice latte?
You can't force timing.
re Bike Race, Nicely done. Too bad you made such a TERRIBLE decision re Barrett's Trolley-Folly!
he sure did! This is one of my fav's ^ag
Sadly thr shall be no live tweeting from the conference sessions as thr is no internet access in the conference rooms & I have a dumb phone
Hi guy who broke into my car. It's me again. You saw it from the outside. What made you think the inside would be any better?
cool - I will. July. Until then I'm exercising but not going crazy because of the radiation. Reasonable?
Miss you!!! P.S. We have been using you as inspiration for our photoshoots lately! ;)
Ole Miss looks like they r wearing practice jerseys.
#BrennanDoctrine says every POTUS is Assassin-in-Chief - the ultimate King, Czar, or Mafia Don. Does anyone with power/influence disagree?
I blame the loss on the fans that sold there tickets to giant fans!
I still can't believe that #ROFLcon is a real thing. It sounds so delightful.
hmm hmm hmm haha I'm good buddy. Hope you're doing well! Aren't elections coming up soon?
We Should Trend #TurnToYou for (:
s/o to and my other followers
You two are killing me.
Straightening my hair & then washing it the next day <<<<<< ugh :/
like a fart?
Nunez is on pace for 9 errors tonight, if extrapolation is your thing.
Me & been thinking the same thang this whole game 😳
She wants to feel safe with you like you will never let anything happen to her.
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
Conf. Call #4 for the weekend. At least there is progress.
does Do they have to be on the show? 'Cause my vote goes to my 1 yr old shaking to "Im sexy and I know it". She works out.
Everyone be hating on Bitch Plz I don't see you on May weathers corner .. Now shut the fuck up pussy
thank u n ur welcome =]
BIG ASS BEERPONG TOURNEY TONITE !!! $5 PITCHERS OF BEER ALL NITE LONG
When gives me a dollar for writing down her bell ringers for her >>>
and for the second night in a row I stay up late with full acknowledgement that I have to wake up super early. Dangit! Why won't I learn?!
New issue on the racks and online at www.matc-clarion.com
sessions tonight 10pm WEDU PBS on Florida's west coast.
My Therapist went to the school that I go to now. Hahah. What a small world.
New likes! Thank you friends!
Never watch the Bachelor but OMG they are in belize! There's Lamanai! And the Cayes!
Fucking with these kids that go kids. (;
20 minutes for my youngest to eat an ice cream cone. New record? God help me.
Excited to get my branding & geek on at #powerx today!
Wow u did a lot well u did get it done u did get it done right?
yo always make me smile <3
Do we really need $1B stadiums? Unless your name is Jerry Jones or you are two NY teams sharing? Seems so excessive.
So, does this mean we can end the "war on terror"?
I realized two things today...
I need a Twittervention.
Ok- I'm on a bus, and I just watched a guy txt for like 15seconds without looking up at the road! Wow! I'm glad I'm on a bus :) lol
"Overflowing with a thousand amens!" - Rev. Jim
..with pleasure..now following
El Paso with my mom:)
Almost done with our new film!!!!
I know this to be true.
Hot pink fishnet stockings, pink boots, boa and hotpants. Oh yeah!
Fuckin up hard with
I was called a unicorn today due to my virginity..... the fuck.
I'm getting drunk of the thoughts of you naked id get you like oh baby baby oh baby baby.. aaaauuuuu baby baby oh baby baby (;
Had wonderful help check out. Thanks Ann for your help!
15 days since tweeting! Dang. I be a busy dog!
Cadbury Egg. Peeps taste like plastic.
sounds like someone is giving oral in the background lol
4 Aces Invites you to our Happy Hour today from 3 to 7, with music by DJ Cruz!
okay scream it tour is divide by 3 color groups. Red is half of the bands, blue is the other half. & gold is all the bands.
After attending the first two games of the Orioles-Rangers series, I can honestly say, the Rangers are by far the best team in baseball.
PS anyone who tells you that Angel is better than Buffy is spewing utter HOGWASH.
Envious of all my museum tweeps hanging out at #AAM2012 Keep the panel highlights and hilarious anecdotes comin' ;)
rendition sidewise: The Effectiveness Of Video Promotion In ...
Too many notes.
followed you! And me! Haha
Hahahaha:) you are crazy!! But I love you just the same
Like does he have kids who goin now b starving? Is his fiance poor, homeless or something?? Like WTF they need money 4?
High scores are better on this Klouchebag thing, right?
Anyone know of good beach vacations with little kids?!
At airport waiting to board plane to Vancouver before heading to Edmonton...time to get some reading done
I don't actually know that. I don't think I've ever really carried a 7 layer cake. I was going for the imagery.
hey Olivia
people have been saying you were on a tinychat tonite, I thought you didn't do tinychats anymore???
Don't post links to a lg # of ur old blogs that are now irrelevant...I'm forced to unfollow and I don't like the extra effort of this
RT Friends make the bad times good..and the good times unforgettable
-- Thomas, my press wants to send you a PDF of the book. What's your email address?
Yaaay for me
Hard decision....
They ate food from Cosco and ordered from several pizzeria's so as not to raise suspicion. Spouses didn't even know
Spring Break!
I think it's time to quit facebook. Too many boring baby pictures and coffee updates.
she knows she loves us so its okay
(; now you have me craving ice cream!
yeah I agree with that, but just like girls were scared to get judged..
another day, another interview. can i observe this intricate, corrupt system without becoming it?
were yu at
:o Ur crazy mama!
well.. the sky. But I wish you were in my dreams.
like or dislike?
Seen about as much of Richmond as I can handle for a while.
Have lived in Manhattan for over 20 years and have never taken the ferry to the Statue of Liberty. Going today with my sister and nephew!
update, Barbershop Punk screening in Tucson at Loft Cinema Thursday night! Georgia is sick and sadly can't attend :( have a DIY Q&A
Only 6 more episodes of LOST to watch and then I will be totally caught up on two years ago.
Quite the opposite!
Devils looking like the Stanley Cup teams from the past....TRAP!
The Boss is in town! Pre Bruce Springsteen live broadcast with Chuck Nowlin from WZLX at 2pm!
thank you 4 following me
No, somehow the air quotes come through loud and clear from the tone of voice. It's all very self-referential. (And annoying.)
doing alright;) thanks!! Trying to get everything done for my daughterd communion sunday;)
Which game you going to? I work the FS South games Sunday through Thursday. Let me know when you'll be there!
On my way to school... -__-
AWWW .. I feel entirely special this morning. I've been asked to be a part of the Central PA Symphony's "Dancing With the Stars"!!! ...
Twilight and den knocking out work tomm -_- ! Uqh hate Mondays.
#smbmad use scorm to measure your videos to increase viewer retention.
I have some music coming soon, so hopefully we can do some work.
I want a Rolex so bad
where you (supposed to be) flying?
It's a Neil Simon month starting this week 'Rumors' and 'The Odd Couple'
Nah, just just the WIFI version. I would never use the 3G so I only go with WIFI. I'm always aroudn a hotspot anyways.
About how many people are going to be there?
No toilet? Find the nearest bottle :)
Unscheduled landing in ATL due to lightning/storms in Talladega
hey do you know that # for Marko ??? Pretty please tell me as soon as possible :):)
After a spring tour& 4 months since our last #Pittsburgh show, we're playing a homecoming show April 26 w/
OMG PEP DON'T LEAVE US
Now, he can be stranded on second for the first time in his career.
I reckon today will be a Temptations day. Stating with Ain't Too Proud to Beg!
I took Barnes Business College
So far the best part about this game. The previews for 'The Dictator'. #Superbowl ...........nevermind
Case in point RT : ...with flyers, radio time and with youtube not by sending another bands fanbase useless msgs
RFT #Libra can forever play the "smiley-face" game and pretend everything is fine and beautiful.
maybe we reached the mountain peak .. and theres nothing left to climb , so lets start over
All this does is raise more questions.
Derrick Favors could be a steal for Denver after all. Plus 2 picks could bring more size. Need size to beat the Lakers.
Straight men of Lowe's are annoying.
I would cry forever
Is there any way you can get others involved? Like, start a petition or get some publicity about it? It seems like they...
missing keg/panties in the kitchen/pants in dining room/hungover this morning to ernie from sesame street this afternoon..
No reckless camp for me... but please do have fun!
Thanks for that tweet on staying young is an inside job. I do believe that and try to take care of myself from within
I need something to do in the mean time
What about mine?
I'm so there! “: Planning hot cider, hot chocolate, and pumpkin cheesecake truffle pie for Harvest of the Arts Oct 7!"
Manimal says, "No tacos for you!"
Check your DM.
Get the latest hair dos/looks of your favorite stars! Come get one #Oakland 510 8321100 $75 sewin
If straight men hit on me as much as gay men did I'd be in business.
But everyone who does what is true comes to the light, so that all may see that his actions are accomplished through God."
Sitting in church with waiting for the concert to begin. Looking forward to it!
Happy Friday! This week's #ff is for all the places you can buy #repurpose cups
“: dear boys, if you don't look like abercrombie models, don't expect us to look like victoria's secret angels.”
i see u .....turn around (no) turn around (no) bitch turn the fuck around :)
Handing out free stuff = easy job unless your uptown... Swarmed by 16 ppl.. I almost punched a old lady..Rude ass
Haha the good ol' days. I think learned more about business from that tour than from any college class. How've you been?
have you played yet sir?
Always look people in the eyes. Be a good listener, give honest answers, and smile with an open heart. People can feel you in your actions.
yeah, actually we all met at a modeling agency! Creating music is sort of a side thing. ;)
The Bride of Ultron and Count Nefaria sagas from 1977 hold up very well.
On Directv, ESPN2 Timbers telecast syncing up perfectly with radio call on 95.5 The Game. Nice to have John Strong's Portland spin.
Listening to HAIR, singing into hairbrush. I think I forgot I'm a pop singer for 5 whole minutes + then remembered I GET TO TOUR THIS SHIZ!
Next segment is about latino & black relations. We listened to Dr. Maria Torres' story & now her thoughts.
the New Jersey Nets are now... 4-45 - oy!
Lv this!: "Be aware of how you support your children in doing work that is worthy of the world."
hey, mother nature, since you didn't let it snow all winter, you think you can give us a warm summer?
Had a dream I got married last night...in a black sequin wrap dress.
I wonder what the band Pepper is doing these days.
Bout to do this last minute shopping with my sister for my moms gift! 😁
It's been great, especially for standard documents and when you want to get that signature fast to move forward!
it was really a 4 worder
Q. Difference between a man buying a lottery ticket and a man fighting with his wife... A. A man has a chance at winning at the lottery.
I like to kick and stretch!
excited about couple Latinbeat at the Film Society of Lincoln Center Aug. 10-24, NY Intl Latino Film Festival from Aug. 15-21
did you see our starting lineup today?
Lol @ all these whiny ass kids going in on Bruno Mars because he beat Justin. BRUNO IS A BETTER SINGER, K.
TEET ME ! :D TWEET ME ! :D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW <3 TWEET <3 FOLLOW <3 TWEET ME <3!!!!
Agree appears to have little practical effect, but the gap between the top and bottom is dangerous and this lets off some steam
Oh, & the Gallery Store is open for you to get some great holiday gifts & the cafe, slate at the museum, is open for you to fill your tummy.
Happy St. Patrick's Day Columbus!
poor baby..You jinxed him to failure when you named him! but I bet you he'll do something very inspiring in his lifetime.
I'm only gonna be in Vegas for 3 days, but I packed for 10.
Training Truth: If you are playing with your smart phone during a training session, you aren't training smart.
Get me to created butte already
I thought napping was in the class syllabus??
Good morning Adelaide!!! Put your Nikes on, it's time to SWEAT!!!
Japanese Residents Affected by Fukushima Disaster to Speak March 11 By Dave Rice | Posted March 2, 2012,
I love when your down and people do all they can to make u smile.
Family, work off some playoff excitement with adult skate tonight at Cascade from 9p to 12a featuring !
So glad you came by!
Why don't you try using firefox? I had the same problem, but with firefox, everything's cool.
Why do the cheetos and chaco taco commercials depict people "poorly" dancing? And why are they showing my dance moves and calling them bad?
RT : on stage to talk about Facebook Mobile stuffs
I look a little too much like Daria with my glasses on..
Dempster kills it. Wood blows save in the 8th, Marmol takes the loss in the 9th. Cubs lose. Didn't I see this game before? Soriano sucks too
what's good with the ugly bitch in picture ?
alright, meow RT : Got 2 hang w/ some cool cats in Milwaukee today. +
sitting here acting like she can read
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Glide Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
we are working on it! They are written just waiting:)
Prepare for a beating
“: "I've preached too much, & studied too little." - Billy Graham”
Lunch patio open busy day. Summer smells creeping through the air love Milwaukee
Love what G O D loves. (all people, not just the ones you choose to love)
hello Melky!!! Follow me;)
we have something in common(: hahaha
Will I look like Joe Gordon Levitt in 50/50 or Beckham with buzz cut? We are about to find out. Have pork pie hat in case things go bad.
I have a Honda Civic omg let me add some nice lights and stickers & I'm #JDM too
We have some great things in store for you! Thanks for being great to us! :)
I feel so fat.
RT :just realized that 's show will now compete with and the ! wtf?
but I am as sick as the proverbial dog, so don't be too jealous.
Thank you for the mention! Really appreciate.
Just got a confirmation. I am now a member of the Central Texas Golf Tour! My first tourney is next week.
#ihatewhen muthafuckas hog tha blunt ! puff puff pass bitch ! damn.
me too! I'm in Brenham. Headed to College Station today......Aggieland
It's the fewest points per game that Kentucky has allowed in a single season since 1983-1984 (58.4).
That's me right now #RealNiggaShit ": #ShoutOut to all the niggas on the clock wasting time"
Damn...who is the hot physio on the Chelsea bench! I am backing her to score next!
Can't wait for my V-Day B-Day dinner @ #EddieMartini's.
My 9yr old niece just explained this #elfontheshelf thing to me. Words cannot describe how creeped out I am right now.
of course! Let's set the date!
Thanks David, and thanks for the shout-out!
Ion give a'f if they dont like me ! Aha ..
I love Poe's works and have been known to love John Cusack, but I have very low expectations for this movie. :(
I don't understand why my fucking electricity bill is so fucking high.
Break That Single show is on 11am to 1pm PST M/F Breaking new music for the world to enjoy.
Great to see and today. :-)
aw thks but im gud but u need too eat n go to sleep
Extremely nervous about the Bucks messing up a Bogut trade.
what heads u use on it?
Finally got a haircut 💇
watching my favorite girl from the 60644 on style by June
still need to get demi lovatos new cd #UNBROKEN or I WILL CRY D:
All Interior Designers, Architects, Builders and other followers, please follow , she a friend and great to follow!
Sorry we have been away been busy working on some exciting things, new update coming in a minute.
Girl put your records on, tell me your favorite song. Just go ahead let your hair down ~
Excited as always to hear perform this Thursday 10PM-1AM. 21+ No cover ever.
whens ur bday and can u follow me back please?
Drive safely and slow down! It's better to lose a minute of your life than to lose your life in a minute.
I don't have time for complacency and average.
talk some Derby 136...lookin at lucky?
Wilde, Bronte, Eliot, Dickens, Thackery but not Kipling.
and always great to have you Master Collins:) RT : looking fwd to Wed
Going to some mirror maze ma-jig...
thanks! Social networks are blowing up over new law and rodricks. Glad so many people care
Come check us out www.lebury.com
It feels good wakin up to money in tha bank.
MISS YOU TOO HALEY .  what's up GURLL ?
followed back! you're from Pasadena?
NEMO'S DAD: "Don't touch the boat!" NEMO: "YOLO."
In my recent poll, Kiss put on the best concert. ?
Terrible Towel rocks
Men are like roses; watch out for all of the pricks.
What was your favorite Grammy's moment? Who was best dressed?
and its a frat tribal tat
#nikejoe Kim Kardashian Institute for Marital Longevity
Very moving episode
Lol Man, now I cant stop rubbing ma belly because of >.>
I may or may not be in Iowa the 1st weekend in June. What about the 2nd?
Gearing up for my weekly nerd rage.
In hindsight, starting Justin Masterson today may have been a bad idea...
If you wanna text RT THIS I'LL DM MY NUMBER TO 3 PEOPLE(:
Back from #ila2011. Lots of great learning, exchanges, connections, and memories!
Keynote from Omamofe Boyo of happening now at #CUAEF!
90% of oral cancer occurs in Boomers (age 45-plus). Early detection can improve survival rate by 80%. source: www.OralCancerAwareness.com
thx for checking out our trailer--we'll be headlining & Film Festival Tour, I'll send you a link when we launch!
If you didn't get my email, then email from the acct u used when you registered. Use subject line BOOMER.
Excellent point,
Movie time now watching Captain America !! 😝
better not. Ha
I'm done with you. Lol
How can I forget a #FF for . Absolutely love reading her blogs.
Now you're followed back. Yay.
I Don't Wanna See Anyone Sad, Depressed, Broken, Alone
Just watched that last night, what did you think?
Awesome! Wow, a company that actually knows how to keep a secret these days!
excited for a sunday night drink with !
tell Nicky I said Happy Birthday
Loving one another is a gift. People say we only really love once. Is it true?
why would u ask that lol? a friend is always good. i'm fine just how it is :)
Worst dream I've had in a while. )):
ok secret safe with me
Don't dwell on who let you down, cherish those who hold you up
Mark your calendars. The Mighty Hannibal is scheduled to receive a proclamation from the City of Atlanta at City Hall, 1pm Aug 15.
My constipation is gone thank you #Giants!! Big Blue Baby
Right. Also who have they played other than us and Cuse?
BEHIND my beltway; discussions of below belong elsewhere.
sparse crowd at Comcast Center......most likely kept away by constant rain........and a low-major opponent in Mount St Mary's.
I'm not surprised. Most of there products are garbage. Cheap ingredients for corporate profits!
Congrats to on their new online look.
what is your favorite song to sing?
roll out of bed day at school, now i wanna go back to sleep!
Great, now I'm seeing Jimmy John's ads in my browser because they use tracking cookies. Fuck Jimmy John's.
congrats, Brent!
I could show you how to swim !
Ouch! Feel better my dear Hopefully it's not "liquid metal" like Terminator 2. :)
thanks buddy :)
Thumbs up for date info and interface improvements in the new 4.3 version of Google Earth.
-- Thank you for all the RT love today!
that's dope my man!, def well deserved!
Now I know that I cant make you stay, but wheres your heart?
what was?
AKA you're like batman. Every time there's bigotry, ignorance, and hate: will be there to confuse the fuck out of dumb ppl.
Don't cross to the dark side D: “: Darn you radio 1 for getting madonna stuck in my head! :(”
Thanks for the RT's on the "Glee" Effect, and !
Are you following us on Twitter yet? You can find us
not necessarily... Not if the purpose is to gather info relating to the project and to ensure accurate notes are taken etc.
u smell like a DOODOO SMOOTHIE!!!!
anytime :) Jairo and Jackie helped.
thanks for the follow!
If only my dreams became reality my life would be just perf.
I still think Donald Rumsfeld is a very handsome man. Very handsome.
Since when is there something wrong with being a hopeless matron homebody?
You don't have so start in LA, you can start in your country! Where do you live?
Celtic Frost - Circle Of The Tyrants
Job qualification: "Must pass celebrity visual test with score higher than 80%." If only I didn't waste all that time on that Poetry MFA!
So when am I coming over? It's not officially home till I've made an appearance=D
Iannetta, Nix, Cabrera, Hart, Gonzalez. Have the Mets allowed the most walk-off HRs in the majors this season?
lol sad but it does happen
legit faint. like hes so hot.
Ok it pisses me of, 1D is touring with BTR, it's BTR tour & if you don't like that they are touring with each other don't get mad at(c.)
Gabby gotta rewrite the love shit. Again. I don't care if we barely talk now. YOU'RE GONNA DO IT GIBS.
#3WordsThatWomenHate - #5dollarfootlongs Subway won't make a good date. Sorry. :(
We all call it our own thing...
I work well with others when they leave me the fuck alone.
Finally got to watch our Live Music video for "This home" Pumped to show everyone :D
In my opinion, there is no success without perfection...
What Russ said! Aggies, oh Aggies! The hills send out the cry, we're here to do or die...
lol Brooklyn :D um white trash duh
Newport. Aren't they all rich there?
": Let's go cats!!!!! Show why you guys are the best team in nation #BBN #WeAreUK"
i cant 2day sweetheart on Wednesday i can
I think in most African countries children are breastfed till 4-5 years old.
From mCommerce Summit: One retailer recently saw a 15% conversion increase just by adding social reviews to their site
Thx 4 choosing 2 taxiwithus! RT : I'm in a flash cab but its not ...still smells nice. Lets see if I can pay with CC
Wow! Congrats! RT : We are so honored that we won 7 out of 8 industry awards at #paradeofhomes Our team is awesome!!
our apologies for the Simpsons repeats. It's a contractual issue with the syndicator. Will be resolved July 1st.
Ron wants to...I may be up for first half
always my dude
woohoo I love my raiders
Ok Milwaukee let the countdown begin to the show this Wed #TurnerHallBallroom. You know you wana dance so take your medicine
do you tell her the same things you told me?
So? Who is excepting resumes in the entertainment industry? My resume is pretty impressive if I do say so myself.
I'm pretty sure that is a Kentucky shirt behind Louisville's bench
i wish I had those wise words yesterday
Tea party on the couch with and watching My Best Friends Wedding...
Hey LeBron and Wade give it to Mario thanks...
Yes! RT : Wynwood Art Walk = So Much Fun! Can't wait for the next one!
And Newt is the most grotesquely large politicians since William Howard Taft.
RT want to see this weekend ? send HIM a tweet & the most interesting one gets free tix to his show! good luck!
Record temps in 2 minutes
...do u guys really hate eachother?
About 30 people on the parking lot at S 26th & Sidney for International Ride of Silence to honor cyclists hurt & killed by drivers.
Days where I wake up from crying, or cry off and on all morning, are the days where I realize I'm not as strong as I think.
If westernized economix does not adapt to 21st century we can expect the ultimate bankruptcy
No problem, I really like the concept and I will help you spread the word.
i was jus watching my biggest role model and my inspiration to creativity! still cant believe your gone. rip Mike Jack
wow. Just wow.
Well, we finally know what John Elway really thinks if Tebow. Peyton Manning now a
Welcome to the team Billy Smith, and Clayton Clark!
School can officially kiss my ass.
With cuts to school libraries $/staff, what tips do U have for TLs 2 "make it work" next yr? Will incl in my ISTE preso- plz retweet
lol next time i come back to visit we need to hang out
I was just going to accuse you of being a hockey fan.
"I can't go for that..." j/k nyuk, nyuk, nyuk... You were wonderful. Big, big fan right here. So proud...
"Concise or long," in the form of a PPT or DOC intended for presentation. No deadline, but takes most people "about a week."
maybe, it will take me some time to get use to it. I just don't see the point I guess. I'm up and running now so we will see.
Princess, having had sufficient experience with princes, seeks frog.
Mom, this internet connection is SO SLOW!
When adults pretend to be teens we privilege tech. Teens themselves might not agree
You serious? Don't forget where you came from, stay classy loser.
thx so much your so sweet(:
Congratulations to all the student awardees at the School of Liberal Arts Celebration of Scholarship Honors Convocation
Excellence is not a singular act, but a habit. you are what you repeatedly do. -Aristotle
u have sexy body cute u dace for u ? aww
MAD LOVE AND RESPECT TO MY BAR-BROTHER'S G-MONEY,BLOCK AND TRUTH OF BLACKMONEY ENT. GREAT WORKOUT AT THE GYM.
I'm dense when it comes to discouragement. - Lynn Abbey
it appears nic is settling. I'm in settlement judges court outside chambers right now. They are inside reviewing apparently.
soo how do you think you know me? xD
: so put on clothes
Honest baby i'll do anything you want to so can we finish what we started, don't you leave me broken hearted tonight.
taking tests all day in order to graduate high school :( failed my permit test..twice
Or tap the Vodka bottle at Bar on Buena!
We win. Timmy really is a Muscular Jesus. Thanks
someone's obsessed with one direction
EnglishMajor.com has added over 750 writers to the Amazon Mechanical Turk ecosystem.
I've been off coffee for a few weeks now... had two cups today and now I'm shaking I'm so caffeinated... Now I know why dogs need dog parks
The vintage-retro feel with a hip-hop flair makes 4949 lounge fast-growing lounge of the Las Vegas valley.
when the dowager countess rips off a devastating riposte, drink.
Im starting to dislike shopping
The Rami dress was offensive in its circus clownishness. I hated most all of them. And Kenley must be silenced.
Thanks for coming out! We'll have to do it again in the future. cc
lol so u must b a big fan of him #letmefindout yall want each other lol
your friend Kyle is hot .
#HeyRickyFicarelli <--- ... Let's get tweeting =)
sending Birthday Blessings your way, your territory will be enlarged even more this year !!! #LoveLife !!!
Come true but other than tht he's so sweet & down to earth very sweet loving caring & funny & he culd make us smile by little things
Gheez Matt lied about the full length cover. He promised that 9 months ago LOOL.
Load testing is more glamorous when you do it at 1AM with some beers. Dang students and their late night internet habits.
I do like me some SASS...
U know in movies how somebody's creeping around and then gets surprised by a dove taking off? That really happens.
Vision's last night w/ , , Andrea Elliott & Kodie Kubecka was a lot of fun!! So happy I have a day off today :)
Nice avatar. You're looking mighty pimpin' these days :)
Nothing like Jason Giambi...
#2thingsIknow 1. Boys have a penis & 2. girls have a vagina! - Kindergarten Cop
Emack an Bolio's is dangerously close to the Natural History Museum, where I may be spending just about every weekend for the next year.
Yes indeed, it has been a great time! Nice little vacation before I have to start studying for the bar exam
The real question here is why did the girl have yogurt at The Sink? Am I alone in this confusion?
If you say your going to do something do it. Don't leave someone hangin biotchhhh
LOVE Bears all things, Believes all things, Hopes all things, Endures all things, Love Never Fails.
Take it to the Cross, Nail it there! Don't forget, YOU ARE #FORGIVEN! God loves you no matter your past or present, Halleluiah!
I really can't take in most of the pictures I've seen ..she's just so amazingly flawless! ♥
Follow me I follow you back
In the process of taking Taylor off the bottle n she fighting me every step of the way but I guarantee imma win
Friday night? Cinco de Mayo? Oh. *Rolls over in bed*
Knowledge is power and enthusiasm pulls the switch
Hey Guys!
Day before the start of our next training cycle. So much to do!
body lice ? i have tht too!! lol
gmyh is not what I expected but I freaking love it ah can't wait for the entire thing asdfghjkl
plz plz plz follow me I love u and u r so awesome I wanna meet u and listen to you u complete me luv ya #LEGGO plz and thx
absolutely amazing! From Bristol to Bath to Frome to London. Stopped by a few London #t-shirt shops along the way. Very creative
I will be there. We HAVE to meet!
whats that for?
an honor to be in the collective wellbeing camp with you! <3 <3 <3
I will try to be there not sure though girl
Next time in Austin then. Good luck with the event!
Now I feel like I should go die! Great! Legit cry my eyes out right now!
Invigorated by AFP Maryland Fundraising Day conf. That said, no hash tag...big divide, methinks, btwn mktg/pr and fundraising.
Of course! It's 4:00am, so today is not going to be fun.
": #ChasingthatCheck is always the best feeling on the world" Get money mane!!
just wanted to wish you a happy Friday! Thanks for all the twitter support for both me and :)
There are no short cuts in LIFE :( :(
Thanks for the RT :)
isint AT&T lte larger right now. Also it'll fall back to hspa+ right? I haven't even seen a new iPad.
OKC lost man..I thought they was gonna win
Hope you're alright. My awesome screenwriting instructor reminds us to be compassionate to ourselves . Keep a growth
“Being your self its all a takes if you want to be impressed someone dont be some one else just be your self” - Selena Gomez
Boo butt go add me on Facebook and tell all your friends :)
Last day of FINALS at JHU. Quiet around here. Most of our guys are already home on break. Enjoy the Holiday Season!
An example of how relatively easy winter's been in Milwaukee: 23.1" of snow so far this year as of 2/24. This time last year: 53.1".
Interesting story on - report says Mercedes convertible, Toyota Solaris, Scion TC & Hummer most ticketed vehicles.
I take what I said back! Chuck & Blair's are a much better pair. 💚
Maracay Homes Wins 'Builder of the Year Award' - Explorer News Maracay Homes Wins 'Builder of the Year Award ' Explorer News Maracay Home
All about the he says she says bullshit!!!
Damn here I go with that thinking shyt. Only if all my questions could be answered.
training next week, then work after that woohoo
Just got my 10th "______ cancer" follower. Unconscionable that people would exploit that theme to create Twitter spam.
Yum! You think those cupcakes are vegan?? ;)
The Sunnyside of Life: Ty, perceptive & inspirational...then again, evil does exist, and there's sufficient evidence of it, is there not? :D
Bout 2 test them waters, "Ooh Daddy" commin up!
Lots of people have digital printers to print on clothing.
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
s/o to my new follower she sexy AF so y'all nigggas need to get intune with her
Is that Packers at Colts game on 10/7 one of those games that could be hard for GB to get fired up about? AFC opponent, no Manning, etc.
Did anybody else catch the sheepdog demos at Maryland Sheep & Wool this weekend? It was so fun watching those Border Collies do their jobs!
It must be nice
CMS: Curtiss Grymala explains that the success he and Derecki achieve are shared with the rest of the academic community.
I'm gettin way 2 tired for this ish -______-.....jus wanna sleep away the worries n strife
I know. But I don't mind if they add Wasp. You know what I really want? A Birds of Prey movie! A good one, please.
Sometimes just BEING STILL is the quickest way to get to your destination.
sometimes I dont know when to shut up.......but Im just keeping it real....arent I?
Sleep.. Peace✌
Happy three-day weekend!! Go to kufo.com to hear our podcast of todays hilarious show! Word.
ayyy! y'all knew wut was goin down before it went down! hope y'all meet her next time out west
I have seen Miss Jessies in Target stores, so I would locate one in Ala!
Colorful talk on shareable mobility. See the recap to learn how American cars have more rights than people....
Will do, thanks!
We believe these unique products will put food on the tables of women in need, hope into the souls of girls imprisoned in human trafficking
It's amazing what unity can do. ": Hermanos,friends, family have raised appox. $15K. Avg. funeral cost for 1 person is $8K"
Si inspired by ! Thank you GOD for giving me a new outlook on things. 1st wednesday = AMAZING!!
November 11th--LAST DAY for Make-A-Wish Foundation of Wisconsin's at GRIND. Stop by and make a different.
are they getting it? I'm watching Gray slack at practice.
Its the same
good. but to be fair, my philosophy is environmental impact / factory farming vs inherent ethical issue with eating animals
Ive been away for a week.....so many good things going on in Kentucky. I am so proud of our team. 8th National Chanpionship
OK creosote
I do favor TWE as they hooked me up with a couple fingers of Black Tot Rum when I was there.
awww so cute and fluffy! =D
Beating my wife in words free. Fun times.....for now lol. I think she's getting frustrated with me
yes dad, im still listening to christmas music in may. why? just ask justin bieber.
half the truth is still a LIE!
where are you headed?
Spartans!! Expectations exceeded. Wait ... Is that Cher?
thanks! Chicken n waffles later?
Happy New Year Kiritimati
dnt make decisions when yu're angry . dnt make promises when yu're happy .
You too! We HAVE to get together soon! I need to meet your mini-me! Happy new year! Tell you mom I say hi too!
=( feel better
That's kinda what I'm thinking. And adding the tech stuff I learn to a skills section. They can ask more if they like, but it'll be
Wow...Nick Johnson
Good Afternoon Twitterverse! I hope everyone is having a Fab and productive Monday!!!
when a buyers name popping up between different groups around the same time behind drugs that's police
Canada won't take us! That's where Mexicans were trying to get to RT“: omg I would move to canada he is gw bush reincarnated!!”
Fished with Matt this weekend, saw the in-laws, saw the folks and is glad Sage is back-- school starts tomorrow!
I am so overwhelmed with this essay revision. 😰
Lucia, we need to meet. It's fate.
wow you are a real hero (not to mention nut job
Are You Mad At Me ?
teaford just threw a big yellow hammer
Fireflies, Hello Seattle and The Saltwater Room has been stuck in my head all day. I love those songs though. I <3 C:
#Braves win... finally! Now lets try to get this ship headed in the right direction.
In Madison at the rally
at the library with my friends that are girls. Jaycie, Brianna, Ashley and Rachel. i feel homo.
I can't believe they actually aired that mess!!
I'll check!
- we just upped the # of connections to our server - is the link working for you now? If not please email us at
Good luck! RT : 15 Minutes to go!!
yeah dude same one
I like to think so! ;)
Not really. One, I'm lazy and two, I would feel bad putting a lot of my kids in a world filled with so many stupid people.
Remember that we are just as guilty of greed as the man on wall street. No one will shoot you if don't buy name brand, or too big a house.
it'll grow back by homecoming. No worries.
wouldn't it be funny if they randomly switched starting 9's walkup songs...so Helton walked up to Cuddyer's Skrillex
how u doin
watching on <3
Injuries might be forcing Bochy's hand (thank GOD!)...Seems like a pretty good deal to me.
Genius RT Why doesn't the MLB shop sell pyjamas that are exact (but made of cotton) replicas of uniforms? Seems so obvious
I miss your smile, but I miss mine even more.
enjoyed chatting with you tonight!
Let the Adobe CS6 Master Collection installation begin!!!
Pizza or Pasta? Pizza!
Oh yeah, I've seen that.
Why are some people so mean? And its usually people that don't know squat about you. What are you trying to prove?! Congrats, youre a bully.
I'm obsedee par Maangchi's recipes!
k not a spam, i'm the owner, veronica so like, follow my other twitter mahomies! <3 I follow back!!
Station 62 Crew "C" did a great job yesterday fighting a car fire right in front of the village in. Good job guys!
Always give that special person your all or nothing at all!
I remember those, do they still make them?
Reading the North
As I validate my XML coding with the editor, I'm thinking I still have to proofread every word I key: 17th-cent. German in fraktur & antiqua
I hate facebook stalkers! I prefer to stalk the old fashioned way with binoculars and an erection!
8. High-performance people are generally self-improving.
Thought Hunger Games was one of the best book to movie adaptations I've seen.
Nothing like a #LongIsland diner for breakfast. Candlelight Diner in Commack, so many memories here
I had a dream last night that Ryan Braun was in this store and there was this toilet and started to go pee. He then missed the toilet and..
where is that thing you were talking about?
PRUSSIA IS AN ORGAN
Yes. You can either use the hdmi port if it has one or get an vga-hdmi adapter.
No matter what goes w/obmamacare-the pres. has surely underestimated the american people!
made it to chi town for no traffic no construction WTF? gonna b a great night!
My stomach hurts so bad.
Watching Jeopardy.
Nigga got court in the A...M
And to all a good night...
Haha stick it to the man
220 followers yeah!!!(;
Can't knock the hustle
Nick and u facebook? -.-
R.I.P to my inspiration who made a difference- WHITNEY HOUSTON
can some more people follow
Is Sophie alive?!
Happy May Day! Give 'em hell, Occupiers!
he also can tweet self deprication, ladies and gentlemen. “: no worries ;)”
I love seeing headlines like 'LNG Could Cause Unrest in Hela Province'. No wait: Really?
Softy, can you call your boy Jim Mora and tell him to STOP TALKING! he's awful...
Please, Please, Please, North Carolinians: Do the right thing. Vote NO on Amendment One.
That's because our team isn't so dependent on the draft for 2012 like some PNW teams. :)
Imma be up all night doing lots and lots of hmk. And the funny thing is I just been sleeping all day.
please follow me Justin <3
Hey just got to work?...where have you been???? The FIRST response to this debacle and you're an HOUR LATE.
Observation, who buys cabbage?
Awesome day today listening to one direction ..... Belting the songs :D #one direction
haha been there before, luckily people on Twitter easily forgive us humans ;)
Just gotta get through this week.....stay-cation next week!!!
On my way to New Hampshire for the republican presidential primary
metro officers on bicycles on the Strip?
goodnight twitter world :)
YES dinner w and I ?
so much for the expresso line
#lawinds Power returned to more of Mt. W.90065 !! thanks to the crews
that's it. buying an ipad today.
But for real someone bring me taco bell
Talhotblond on msnbc was nuts! What a twist.
purple eyeliner just arrived
or a dog that's fucking haunted! Hahaha
A sexual advance and the word "discotheque" in the same utterance? "Yes, m'am, I'd hope I'd be more handsome to you than your son."
Whur all dem cut3 boiz at? Hahaha imagine if I actually talked like that...and it actually worked. ;P (P.S. Can you tell that I'm bored)?
ur such a butt, but i love u bunches
In the words of Bill Withers... "It's gonna be a lovely day!"
Imagine #Gronk #Welker #Hernandez & Straight Ca$h #RandyMoss on the #Pats ! How about Madden #13 with Moss? Add =
Just donated blood...feel amazing about it!
Rebel America Inc. lands ESPN Sports TV Placement. Congrats to the songwriters and producers that contributed on this project
!!!! RT : I wish I didn't need to pay my phone bill
#SammyHagar restaurant to open in Roseville. Cool!
You look like Tiger Woods!
Lmfao, thanks! :D
A lot of bad things have been said about me, but there not true. You can ask my followers if they are true. Peace :-(
Should probably try to go back to sleep.. Bc when me and young yambo get up we're I-10 bound ☺
#sdmayornp Fletcher getting closer to answering question, talks about the future, but did not get there.
: Rumors and Gossip are small things to GIANTS. Fly Pass.
Lionsgate shockingly (not) picks the least inspired choice for Catching Fire. Eh. Whatever. We'll all have moved on by 2013.
At a rooftop shindig. The view of the Mississippi river is so peaceful I could sit here all day. Should I move downtown? :-)
Dont call me then not answer when i call
What time is the us now?
in the shortest possible answer. NO. Ron Paul, has SOME decent views. But, theyre all very crispen glover via Charlie's angels
I would, if I could pay for the food in hugs too.
will do.
uh oh.
Indeed...pay the man.....
I dig Ali, but revisiting the Thrilla tapes, I realize what a prick he was! Joe would've needed 2 B enlightened 2 get over that SH-T.
Tech N9ne- "I'm A Mental Giant" .. Song is the shit! Somebody should listen lol
did he really thats AMAZING!!!
Ryan Grant is not the same Ryan Grant he used to be. We have Green and Starks to carry the load. I for one am glad we get to save some cap.
Tired of working on my promotion packet. I vow to do a better job over the next seven years so I am not cramming at the end again!
Thanks for including me!
Are you able to add logos to the Sphinx Personal #Lounger?
Make my reservation, table for 3 ... ITS GOING DOWN
RT : Best ad so far - Eli confidently sipping Gatorade on the sideline - by the Gatorade cooler!"
is heading to Lodge Grass, MT tomorrow for the annual work trip with the church.
Accidents dont happen in the ring, orton? Ask Owen hart about that.
There are other funny pictures in that gallery - the square satellite, the nuclear plant cooling tower on wooden stilts ...
I hope everyone has a great week!
The truly great man is the man that makes every man feel great. ~ G.K. Chesterton
So, i tried again. $1.60 later turns out the machine was right should left it alone,damn but i did get a flyer for a rap show i'm not going
Help me!
You must be tired, cuz you've been running threw my head all day.
Got issues to address at 7:30 AM
Google doesn't see your video as it is. You have to optimize it. Make use of every nook and cranny.
I want new Toms and Sperrys
All the cool kids pee their pants
The Scott County Cardinals earned a spot in the 11th Region semifinals with a 77-62 win over Lafayette.
Happy Birthday girly. Ur welcome 4 those soft birthday punches, unlike Rob and Lorin
It boggles my mind to think that there are black members of the tea party. Talk about voting against your own interest.
Tearing up this food, it's long overdue.
Enjoying a Lilja's Sasquatch Stout brewed "behind the cheddar curtain" by Pangaea. Smooth, roasty, balanced - very nice!
good morning! :) guess who woke up at 7:30 am to clean so she could go out later? this girl did! :)
sounds cool. what's your vision board?
“: Smells like team spirit.” lol
Join us this Friday at for our Official Opening Day Tailgate! Drink specials, signs, handouts, parade to stadium. 11am-2pm.
It's not me either.
I woke up to this: #MayThe4thBeWithYou... I sat there laughing for like 5 minutes! Pathetic? I think so :P
So close to our next Facebook drawing, I can feel it! Only 11 more fans needed before we raffle off an upgrade to Version 9.1!...
Twilight also served as the Principal of the Orleans County Grammar School in Brownington, VT and served on the Vermont State Legislature
dayumm, I'm hella disappointed bout the BLS but I get it, You gotta do what you gotta do! & I'll be waitin for part 50 hehe ;)
what are you doing to get your protein? Are you still eating eggs and dairy?
Need help planning your next trip or exotic vacation? #Follow-->>my friend for great travel ideas.
1st time in 10+ years I didn't do a bracket and glad after seeing these games today
Your past will lead you to your destiny. What you thought was a tragedy was preparation for your destiny.
In an inadvertently religious convo this morning with a christian coworker, she kept referring to "psalms" as "palms." *facepsalm*
I think I've discovered my "type," it appears to be sarcastic, inappropriate assholes. Obvi.
dnlding rain now. vid is amazing 2; make it a part of fundraiser! i'd buy it! looking 2 buy vid you did with ceelo 2. where?
not only does she kick ass; she loves animals and bakes cakes! Right on!
Let's hope this makes a difference. RT Martens signs with NFL's Chargers: Spearfish native inks three year deal with ...
do u live by tht skatin rink.
I agree; I should have been clearer that it is more complicated than money; orgs need intellectual capital investment as well.
Check with Should be coming soon!
awww thanks I love you username :)
ahahaha no lol jk idk she keeps the whole class she dont like us i guess :/
Talent working with joy in the cause of universal truth lifts the possessor to a new power as a benefactor.
The nigga who draws I'd eat just hit me up..laaawwwd take me now !!!
thnx so much, really appreciate it!
Droid getting Instagram is the newest reason to go to social networking and make racist statements? Wow.
Reverbnation.com/unknownakajondoe listen n vote for ' n my cadillac' ft maxima
I've heard of them but haven't checked them out yet, but now I will! :)
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Thinking About You.. Frank Ocean
I think we need to get Rolling Stone tees/tanks for the day Dada plays at EDC
Love how all you national debt critics had no problem borrowing a trillion dollars for a needless war but think building roads will ruin us.
No :) just a fan
human rights activist now following & seeking to collab with
I like RT's I like RT's I like RT's I like RT's!
I wanna see next year. I cant this year. so 2013. Hoookk me up!
I'm Reading Such a Great Book! It's Called "The Giver" If You're Looking For a Book to Read, Definitely Read it! (: xx
Same here Ms.Candy
its lunch time now. Im sure can eat right now.
why do u care
Heard Russ Canzler on XM tonight, said he talked to Antonetti & was signed for his versatility & serve as a RH power bat v Lefties.
ha, I would LOVE an asst! Assume u would want to be paid tho, yes? ;) #no$ #stillpayingoffstudentloans!
Only 5 more LIKES and the new album gets posted! :)
Police: Ohio boy brings BB gun to fend off bullies
If he paid attention, ignorant a-hole Lovitz would know that PBO tax plan will only raise the rate on every dollar over 1 mil.
Transformers was aaaaaammaaaazzziinnggg!!!!!!!
Grilled pimento cheese with fried green tomato & bacon on sourdough.
RT : Happy National #Teacher Day! Did you have a teacher that inspired you?
“: Do you get nervous when your bank acct gets under $2000?” shit!! If I was I would through a party...
omg I thought u meant like period like blood period I was like.....um what?! But I see now(:
lemme get her number :o
I've taken both over summer courses. I always prefer on campus but taking both helps motivate you to get your online work done
We're open Late Night tonight at 24th and San Antonio street since it's Friday! 11pm-3am.
“You can’t pause toast Larry. It loses its essence.” Leon, Curb Your Enthusiasm:
I love my mom. She texts me "don't come it's very boring" -hahaha Ofcourse Imma go I got u roses n a card. Gotta represent how awesome u is!
MPAA bagman (Ex-Sen) Dodd on blackouts: "stunts that punish their users or turn them into corporate pawns." He's pissed; that's his job.
omg yuss i am but i just realized that my phone wasnt showing ur tweets to me, Im on the computer and i just saw this :/
I will keep this memory.
Container Store, I love you. My wallet, on the other hand, does not.
will do!
Hearing is now underway here in Dane County court on collective bargaining law.
Why is Anderson Cooper the only likable person in cable news? Literally, the only one.
Can you DM your MSN or I can DM mine and I'll show you there.
Display of Staunton Christmas lights disappoints resident - Staunton News Leader Display of Staunton Christmas lights disappoints residen
please follow me on keek xSuperwomanx3 i have to go i love you ! <3
I've been not okay, sorry it ducked my mind.
i know, thanks (:
Thanks for having me there! The pleasure was mine.
Ace Hood plays for the Nuggets
haha well I got ya now lol you missed out on Easter lol it was a cluster fuck lol
It's official...I am DONE Christmas shopping!! YAY!
Good morning. It's Friday. Amen.
Having stripper friends that are shady, not the business
Was disappointed to see , noteworthy man, sink to petty rhetoric. Hate? Come on, Bob. Debate issues on merit.
I'm eating an avocado salad with lentils. We be them people.
Education is useless unless used to increase productivity(standard of living) in society. Greed created education.
We seriously do want folks to dress up 1920s or red carpet style Tues. Some already got costumes and the thrift store doesn't take returns.
I Love My Freakin House dude.
Hmm, okay. Glad to know it's not just us, at least! Keep us updated if anything changes on your end... :)
Mr. Lincoln leaned back in his chair. "I'll risk him. God bless you, Hill! Bring back a palmetto, if you can't carry good news."
now data it's called "geo cache"
listening to the styletones' album in preparation for tonight's show! "my wings are dirty from doing the sanctified strut..."
congratulations, Lori! You just won a free year at EBSQ! Contact info [at] ebsqart.com to claim your prize. Happy 2012!
When you just can't stand someones voice... Ughh
Warm weather today and it's snowing... Ashes! Yikes! :(
WHY MUST I BE BROKE RIGH TNOW
Why doesn't everybody just leave everybody else the hell alone? – Jimmy Durante
Thanks for participating Marc!!
Had a night of bizarre dreams where I was making bass instructional videos for GG Allin songs. Maybe this is a sign.
The old roommate leaving a banana peel on the couch gets me every time.
Sure! Call me at office.
Oh god day today...things are looking up.
On the other hand, War Horse could be.
Modern family win.
What was it, tell me!
He's more of a single malt fan, admittedly.
“No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. ” Calvin Coolidge
Welcome to Twitter
Gorgeous, Nick. Lush and terrifying and all those great things.
lol idk! I was just trying to sounds gangggstaa!! But whenever you want!
Why are you talking during my lesson?" ... "Why are you teaching during my conversation?"”
good one! thanks for the props....
Last minute tickets to the game with I'd love to see some crazy weather match this crazy game.
yea its Fucking horrible out there.
whoa really??? I used to like her a lot!
My doctor's receptionist tells me my visit will cost $70 -when I get there they tell me $79 b/c that's what the insurance co pays? RIP-OFF
If you are truly repentant of something one has ever done, you never forget! I still remember 1 I pulled in the 5th grade!
Fundraising event for Ronald McDonald House-- drink for a cause!
We started digitizing the Kearney Barton (local music on reel2reel) and Gary Greaves (local oral histories on cassettes) collections today.
When people tell show me things I saw on #Reddit months ago.
Gives me so much anxiety when I see them scrambling on the court.
No. A ticket for Thursday's game gives admission to both. A ticket for Wednesday must be exchanged.
what do you not like about the basic Twitter #app? Particular missing feature you look for?
Tough to get in a he said / said argument between big corp vs. blogger
well at first look she looks sluty kinda ...but she is so pretty even my mom said so!
some place by ben davis w my girls... It was white ppl. Lol thts why I don't fuck w white ppl !
Morbid! RT Can't decided if Asheville airport's tag line "Take the easy way out" is just plain morbid or divinely inspired.
that was the most awful movie ive ever seen, horrible
Damn light-colored mustaches. Cause more headaches than theY're worth.
No prob. Thanks for the RT.
A friend knows there's something wrong by the way you act but a best friend can tell through just a text message!!!
well good for you:)
Wow, the ATL Dark Girls doc is powerful!
where you been bro
definitely for dessert!
It's big enough to display a book page & faster than clicking back & forth between Acrobat & ID when correcting.
lol she gonna hit you wit that sweet ol' lady voice. "Awww Lia, why didn't you read?"
“: You know whats funny? Not you, so shut up.” haha love you :)
Why are people trying to do a TBH on instagram? No.
Originally considered foulout to be akin to popout, but I'll take it. 5 diff outs!
The Knicks looking hopeless , I still want em to win .
Kind of weirded out that would speak in Seattle's Uni. District for $30 a ticket, but not visit the #UW campus. No love, Cornel?
I know Werk is kinda old...BUT THAT'S MY JAM! *booty pops* lmao
BREATH Tasha BREATH
I need some good news after my workplace went brankrupt,who knows what will happen to my pension.
Can't wait to se Hall & Oates and Lady A we
that Grandma video made my day among other things!!! : ) *keep it coming*
What is the view from your window? Share your pictures!
I hear wants to tattoo welfare recipients with corporate logos also
She is surely very beautiful!!!!! You are such a good couple you two!!!!!
Girls are always saying how they are getting treated badly. Well, stop falling for the boys and start looking for a man. ♥
RT : Q5. Whats the best comedy show youve ever seen here in Chicago and why?
I couldnt see you in central bark I was ona camping trip but my mom did u were amazing! IMMA LITTLE MONSTER :D
Catching up on and #bigang makes me smile 😊
DWD Sec. Reggie Newson says jobs numbers an upward correction of 57,221 jobs from BLS monthly estimates.
Congrats on the cold turkey. I like mine on whole wheat with mayo and a beefy tomato
tell that worthless booms that price was a draft day trade. He wasnt sittng on the bench
really like your sense of color and movement ..Terrific!
Boston can go suck one. lets go clip ship!
this always makes my day
Thank you for the #FF! Have a creative week
He's getting huge Heidi! Your kids must be getting big too. Maybe we could all get together sometime soon! Say hi to Ted for me.
Hm Peyton Manning coming to the , nice! But is still our starter people!!!!
Happy to hear the Crazylegs Team for Kevin Peyton up to approx. 153 runners for Saturday. Hoping for good weather...
The Mavericks
I got asked if I was gonna start dating again....well of course : ) he just have to be right though.
If one part doesn't make sense, just keep exploring for clues. :)
#Itscutewhen we keep teasin each other
RT : That has to be the best thing I've heard today!! ha!! LOL!!!< LMAOOOOO!
I am going to a reference librarians symposium at Columbia University today
last time he thought your mom was black
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough_ Mae West
Adding the Pathways/OI Partners Twitter account!
Do u still have ur radio show on Monday nights?!
License test today
Knew I'd be hungry at work so I brought my SUA gift card with me. Guess what? It's not accepted at the SPSC.
Now with one gone the two left are unstoppable. And the madder ashley gets the stronger she gets.
It's just... Perfect! I'm gonna make a new comp background, lol
i hope we have a class together next year :( & idk yet i might go to rma it's depends on whatever the school decides
if this sparkling wordplay is wrong, i don't want to be right...
Thanks for the love. , we hope to see you soon!
The Spring 2012 Schedule of Classes is now displaying in the online Class Search and Course Guide. See your advisor to discuss plans.
South Congress rules during SXSW
Im tryin to bro I been stuck in the studio lately I just left the studio this morning........you got somethin goin on down there
Sony can B.I.H. with Osama
I love that salad, as good as or almost better than their early fall salad
#21JumpStreet great fun!
absolutely, the most storied franchise in the World with the most animated and loyal fans. Proud to be one!
Yankees and Angels ALCS game starts at 1pm. Come in for a late lunch to try our excellent half pound specialty burgers for $8.95!!
oh, yes. I can attest to that.
thank you :) Hope you have a great weekend!!
Ready to get my #MichaelScott on
These damn allergies are gunna kill me.
and also with you!
2 microbiology lectures in 1 day? I don't know if I can handle this.
"me talk pretty one day"... David Sedaris
congrats to my LS's on graduating!love yall:)
Very nice. RT : “Avectra Social Console” Brings Social Media Monitoring to netFORUM Pro
jeffradiane: Tried to fill out the #sla2010 survey but I was interrupted (shock at a library!) & it logged me out. Now it says I ...
RT : I wonder why we don't hear more about MS OneNote. I've been using it for almost 2 months and can't go a day without it.
cuddle weather
I think we've got to start somewhere & as we go, precedent and use cases will enable wider adoption
thank yoU!! =D but on what if you dont mind me askingg
Twitter is so frustrating. Of course I was following you, then I wasnt and now I am again.
Future "Pluto Album" goes hard
I'm a Shady Soldier =D
Shorty damn well she another got enough teeth her big ass
Oh my god. Shut the fuck up.
You my friend, will be going back to Minnesota Sunday night with stories to tell.
Lucky travel day. Got an earlier AA flight. Only one not delayed to LGA.
If you trust someone you should trust them wherever they are whoever there with and point blank period you should trust them
I like it like that MTV HITS
Call pitches her way out of the inning, but North Texas leads Florida Atlantic 1-0 after four innings.
Ill never let you down, angel.
Pella products featured on Extreme Makeover Home Edition this Sun. 8/7 central. Want Pella installed in your home?
pandora started playing 'feel good inc' by the 'gorillaz', amazing
Can anyone tell me why Tebow wouldn't go to the Jags? Isn't that the perfect fit? And no, I don't want him near GB
Going out 4 sushi soon
Strategy for securing your belongings at gym. 1) Get a lock. 2) Be the poorest person at your gym. I chose the latter
Haven't managed to put up a new blog post today, but I'm almost done cleaning my entire house. That's what they mean by "labor" day, right?
have a great day Kyle.
Speech paths are pro straw/anti sippy cup - this is a great idea! I'll share with all my families.
