Thank you Lord, for the breathe of life this morning. Thank you God for yet another 😁
Keep it rolling
Aya Markets this Saturday 10-3 at 3000 Pennsylvania Ave SE. Healthy, black owned biz Fresh Produce, crafts, and more
Stay by Mayday Parade will never get old to me.
or not lol i got side tracked for sure=P haha love my amanda and patrick!!!
Survived my part of the presentation. Soon, there will be steak and beer.
Can't blame Hannahan there, but it should be 2-2, huh?
I tried lots of food and it was ask good.
Very afraid
I saw it! He was exposed. Zimmerman's father is not helping either. SMH!
You know, sometimes you come across something just so fucking out there crazy on the internet that it actually can surprise you.
really enjoyed your core conversation session at #SXSWi ! Great Job Guys! cc:
Thanks for the years, hustle & memories. Good luck in GS and going forward.
cooking fríjoles negros in the sun / there's a last butterfly flirting / with heatwaves / the day the cicadas woke up
Out of practice and ready to relax but need a major massage...
How the Peace Corps Trains #Business Leaders | National Peace Corps Association: bit.ly/kHW3TU via
cuties, have a good time bby x
wake up the weed is for
#Reggae on Pandora
The person who knows how will always have a job, but the person who knows why will always be his boss
“ I really be solo lol but im not fucck up about the shit”
Where is it written that just because my daughter is friends with yours, we have to be friends?
You KNAVE!!!!
Thank you! Feel free to DM us if there is anything that we might be able to help! Have a great week:)
Cranking on MacBook Air all the way from LA to Atlanta. Powerpoint, email, web & music the whole way. My old laptop would have died long ago
Great shot!
"We are becoming a world nation..what a gift it is. We just have to make sure we invest in it." -Angela Blackwell
no problem :D
Momma, can you help us trend #chriscorradinoislegit for your baby? pleasee
thank you so much for the mention
End of year idea: Get enough sleep?!
RT CA Costco's -membership not required for alcohol. you just need to go to the membership counter and ask for an "alcohol pass."
So very true. RT Days like this make me so happy to be a Packers fan
Nothing on you.. ..
bless you for calling me that! :-) x
What's up papa?...sounds like a nice way to top off a glass of Mona Vie every day. www.TheGreatProduct.com/dougnsonib
I just legit laughed out loud... for a really long time. I would PAY to see a replay of that. Are you okay by the way?
First day in a while that I'm not going to school looking like a grub
#Capricorn knows the rank & social standing of those in their world. To gain access to their sphere you'll need something of worth to offer
scary people!
he definitely killed it!
- I have handled unemployment insurance appeals in New York.
Chelsea just went into beast mode
Thx! You made my day:) & I agree is a stunner w/ a heart of gold w/ brains.. Lol
Got to sleep at 9 last night but I still am tired :/
youre too on top of pop culture!
OK, we'll catch up soon.
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
Love how they decide to stop classes in my face class
Don�t do what you don�t like- yeah that 9-5!
I know but I liked that one. Haha
Just saw 's Around the World in 80 Days. It's FUNNY! What?! And by the way, I am in love with the set design.
Case study tonight..
Ah! Just ate for the first time today-Quick sandwich on a pretzel bun!!!
going to tank?
I agree, no more man coverage rush 4 antiquated schemes etc... We will be fine, and if breisel can play RG...
She ratchet!!!
Can your friends group help with something like this? RT : Sacramento Public Library unveils award-winning National Library...
the wanted
“This is a terrible time to be a control freak” – Hillary Clinton, U.S. Secretary of State
you're so sweet!! Did you know that? :) That's one of the reasons I was upset about you deleting your twitter!!
You always have a way of sayin' or retweetin' ha! The right thing at the right time
sounds great! We are big fans : )
Maybe I should change my Twitter icon. I do it a lot though I dunno =P
Tough shot by Bell
I agree with Obama about wanting a level playing field. Right on. But bashing on outsourcing is not gonna achieve that.
Imma Put It On Her Like A Shoe !
When I have kids I want them to have everything I had and More !
Remembering 9/11, the lives lost, and the remarkable bravery/selflessness of those who endangered themselves to help their fellow Americans
Hey John Chrastka decided to grace the Twitterverse with his presence follow him
Wonderful to be connected with you, Otto.
9th grade english and 10th grade world history and geography. Looking for any and all #pblchat ideas!
can you play What Makes You Beautiful I'm dedicating it to my mom for mothers day please?
#808Pride ur not gay cause u wanna be gay ur gay cause thats what god wanted u to be so dont fight
I just rolled mine back to "under construction".
Q: Did you follow NY's Fall Fashion Week last week? What runway styles do you like?
i will have my corporate business partners review acct/contract and reach out. if this is an error, we can certainly correct
Boy that's rich..lol..Need SuperStar income to go with it, eh?...T/F/S..
we could use your skills here...the sound is awful!!
Soggy Civil War Pie
Are you following? I can't DM you for the book
New Common Core #Science Standard: Students will be able to state which fruit has sleeves.
#Homebound tomorrow afternoon!
yay! That's wonderful!
One of my teeth has already moved so much sense I got my new wire on tuesday.holly.
The Kentucky Derby scored great TV ratings, but someone needs to explain why they brand is under the Yum umbrella , complete consumer event
aweh thank u!:')
working the afternoon from veteran's park. this is quickly becoming my favorite office.
I'm wondering who should I take to prom?
8 days till we leave for our first tourney!
BREAKING: Former Mass. state Treasurer Tim Cahill indicted on public corruption charges
we out here tryna function
me either!
lovely visual!
Maybe one day I'll feel shame. Like a real human boy.
with Pres Obama making pt that there is much work to be done to build our communities into places of hope that king wanted
Heard about this here in DC. Kind of strange.. Not sure what to think of it.. hm....
Im good on u
i miss my baby Esmeralda :/ <33
MS PAC MAN tournament is on—Get the October high score on our Ms. Pac Man machine in the Alberta St. Teahouse & win a $15 gift certificate!
I'm just sayin he plays football he should at least make an attempt at a tackle and not take 3 teammates out in process.
Boxwire #BizTip: What are the two essential keywords in the phrase "customer service"? Customer - and - Service, pass it on.
u aint the only one
I want Legos!!!!
At the Cocktail Challenge.
and my apologies if I came off impolite to you personally... I have no problems with you... just your fake a$$ BS movement.
“Folks, I'm telling you, birthing is hard and dying is mean, so get yourself a little loving in between.” Happy Birthday
u goin2 pikk me up or meet me at my house?
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination!!!
we do know UConn did not lol
Road tripping out to Palisade to tour some wineries. Getting some recon to plan a big CO Wine event at the end of the summer! Stay tuned...
I would like to move my pro account to another account I have set up please let me know how to do that
That leads to your door... (Happy birthday by the way! I hope it's an awesome one, Mr. Brooks!) :P #LoveYou ♥♥♥ Mal
Hey dudes: trying to meet the ladies? Based on my friend requests Pinterest is the new Home & Garden section at Barnes & Noble.
Looking for volunteers who can help us spread the word about us on facebook- any takers please let me know
I was thinking "Wow, He's right in line with that great story I read this morning!" I'm such a fool :-)
want to golf next Saturday?
its awesome man! coul d u get to the link that has the only poem i have left? i was 19 when i wrote it.. thank U :)
Happy null Easter to you!
Same old: 10 of 14 hitters batting below .250 and a staff ERA over 5.30
I'm such a wonderful role model :')
Now that you've had your glitz and glamour fix.. It's time to head on over to Cleveland for a show.. or two... =)
My little doggy Hector ran away from home this morning :( Thankfully he came back ...covered in stinky black shit -.- #GladHe'sBack
- i have some good stats on consumer wine drinkers and price points i'll send you Eric
Dear : Removing WGN from your Chicago service is like banning apple pie from the US....you will lose a lot of Chicago customers
there are many pressing issues for Latinas and women #equality #health #mentors #access to resources
RT: &VegasKool Radio are grateful that a visionary,Steve Jobs, made such a difference in this world.
Now playing "So Real"
Apparently, Iranian President Ahmadinejad is secretly referred to simply as "imadinnerjacket" by government officials.
Tomorrow is National Tequila Day- stop by for $2 Cuervo Gold shots, $3 Tradicional Silver shots and $5 Patron shots. All Day Long!
have to read paper, but dubious of statements such as "Cockroaches do not like to be left alone" when referring to eating poop!
Take a deep breath. Recall a memory that made you happy. Relive the moment. Smile! ...okay, continue scrolling your time line ;)
oh alright. Yeah he's tryin to figure out if he should do it through chc or not but there should be enough people to go to it
Obviously different if you support a team because of local ties/family, but there are "I USED to support Man City" twats.
Thanks so much to for a fun interview today on ! Wes rocks. Will make it to Isbd soon and take you up on your offer!
#BoysAreBack I'm excited cant wait till its ten cmon son
"It is our choices that show what we truly are far more than our abilities."- J.K. Rowling. Consider CASA today and help a child in need.
I am such a douche
If you're a runner and never had a video gait analysis. Get one done. did a superb job on mine. Insurance can pay...worth it!
glad you understand! It amazes me that people around the country are still surprised about how much we (BBN) care about...
#WhenYourDrunkNever think calling your ex is a good idea....
I've had the hiccups for like 10 minutes!
Current word count: 3355. Woo hoo!! And now for a three-day break from writing. :-D
Whenever I see a couple running it always seems like one of them is struggling.
Happy Friday, #Pittsburgh!
The one-time reports include up to 1500 tweets from the past week.
i think needs to write a relationshp book
Women always saying they want a "REAL" man.. if u one of them females dat mean u not real yoself. Cuz niggas only fuck wit real bitches.
somebody's about to get unfollowed, i just went over 420 follows...
In need of your services once again...did you get the email about your nephew's dedication?
Happy Birthday then.
Six foot four holla!
Snow on Superbowl Sunday? Get a rooftop antenna and fagetaboutit! Call New Mexico Satellite Man - 350-6428!
My website appears to be down this morning. I hope it magically reappears in the next hour or two so I don't have to deal with it.
'stockpile 35 commercial freezers from your friends and use it as collateral for your bank loan' Roger from Pleasant Pops
May 16th. -Spring Concert May 17th -Crossroads May 18th -Band Banquet May 23 and 24th -Grease May 25th -Prom May 28th -
saw you on Ustream for the Ms America pageant! Great job!!! You looked beautiful Helen! :-)
biting licking sucking
Great article featuring about non union actors going to EPA's and ECC's.
we're playing THIS FRIDAY NIGHT @ 8pm !!! COME OUT if you're in the area!! Hope to see you there!
"Bull" screenplay thisclose to being ready for some eyes!!!
Another hour til the next performance...
My sister is probablly the fakest person I know...
yes almost positive #educon! Just gotta check the funds after wedding! Wish my district would reimburse me!:/ R u a def!?
Need accomodation for your travels? We have hostels, hotels and more on XhostelX.com. New deals for Asia are online. Go to www.xhostelx.com
im happy to whip up some paleo noms for the crew
Thank you brother! And lmao got you! RT : lol got you happy mothersday sis and tell my wife too
:) RT : Gregory Porter - On My Way To Harlem. What a brilliant, fantastic, awesome track. Give the man a #grammy now.
* Bitch You Ainnt A Barbie ; I See You Work At Arby's .
Couldnt stop thinking long enough to sleep and when i finally dozed off i started thinking of someone ;) <3
it's cold..it's 8am ..and there's about 700 ppl here already ...let the fun begin DLD
that's an article about the Noble. I didn't know there was one named after the Nobel prizes. Where's that one?
make a course out of them and make it a game!
First bid of $500 is in! Do I hear $600?!
Bottom of the 2nd giants lead 2-1. Ellis Kemp & Ethier due up in the 6th.
When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite has a Time - Date - Location. 5:45 pm - Tomorrow - ZoneCG Studio. Enter at the back of the building.
In Spirit RT : I'm thinking about starting to fire down tequila shots nonstop until #SMdaySEA - Who's with me.
please follow she is you biggest fan!30
My name is Ivy, and I am a #LookGoodDoGood #Millennial. I #giveback in wicked stilettos.
Last 2 days for National Cruise Vacation Week with upgrades, great fares & onboard credits!! Don't miss out on this!! Call 800-803-7245!
I could watch an entire movie about Dr. Steve Brule
I need a bear shaman no doubt.
Awesome! #Nurses always know how to stand their ground.
True love lasts forever, even in military time.
I know! When I went to my Lady A concert, I was far up but I was still like "OMG thats them, I see them, theyre in my view!!"
: any other specifications? (P.S. I'd happy take a look at any of your rejects)
Here's Hope is incredible.
I'm doing well.
my mom just saw blue waffle mom u r like 3 years behind
there is talk of suspending pro bowl this year yer thoughts
Today is the DMV Study Session 1-2pm @ Newark Now Family Success Center at Bradley Court.
when I was younger I had 4 callbacks for cop and a half (for the kid of course).
How do YOU #LiveaLittle? Come and share on our Facebook page!
Follow my lead.
today was awesome
#IThankGod for giving me strength when I was at my weakest !
The "fish-eye" lens is really a misnomer because I just don't think that there are that many hipsters under the sea.
Speaking at the High School Librarian Association Meeting this morning.
Though I am intrigued by the chicken that comes with "potato and hand-mashed potato." #whowritesthisstuff?
Snag yourself a presale for January 21st @ Ace of Spades today! $10! Grab one quick before they're all gone friends :)
Just started an SSH tunnel while going through a train tunnel.
Trying to get him a $5 gift card. Maybe he won't forget it.
"OUCH, OUCH! THESE PRICES ARE SO GOOD!"
You should start tweeting :) Love you!
Got a Japanese exam tomorrow! Wish me luck!
Time to take the CBI Championship... LET'S GO COUGS!!!
☼ If we had no faults of our own we would not take so much pleasure in noticing those of others. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Wednesdays always my lazy days this shit is crazy I don't even want to change the channel
- Generally showing off your opponents attack ads is bad pol. strategy. But when they contradict each other, it makes sense.
Having a blast in WHJE 91.3 with Jeremy and Brian!
In '08, Obama wanted a Biden apology when Biden said Obama will be tested in his first 6 mos. w/ int'l crisis. Didn't get it.
good lookin out on joining the twitfam! Let's get some music under the belt
haha... just put my name on the grocery bag - guess I thought the tied up plastic bag would differentiate enough
Yeah baby! Shake dat shaker
So true! RT : Just because you understand industry, it doesn't mean your clients do. Write for them, not you.
Definitely possible - Don't know the specs off hand. Maybe wants to take a stroll and write down a phone number?
I just can't believe Shane is gone...
They say Ray J found Whitney dead....
im busy
Beatallica nominated for another Wisconsin Area Music Industry Award! Thanks to all involved!
May 26th! :) I'm super excited haha awesome! How much are they? :)
Bill Fox responds saying that learning computer programming & Web design in K-5 could put students at an advantage as much as a FL can.
NP. Yes I am a fellow actor I'm based in NYC though for now
How North Face leverages PR and events
lmao with the pegs
You took a giant leap forward with that last tweet. Have faith, kid.
Making yourself means taking all the necessary steps to create the life you want.
RT : My people are you ready for ?!?! Starting next Monday!!!
RT : In the woods. Off some leaves. On to the green.
Gotta gangster chick that kill for me, when I was broke she use to steal for mhe, she like my pill when it's kickin in.. She go hard
Just herd this little girl scream yolo when here mom denied her a candy XD lol
TV Lark is to Navy Lark as Grease 2 is to Grease. Or as The Phantom Menace to A New Hope.
Harden need to wreck that nigga..
You spend too much time worrying about other people's image.
RT : Hanover Civil War North Anna battlefield park doubles in size! Park includes well-preserved ground-works 1864
RT : #Pisces are more readily concerned with the problems of others than with their own.
today was really good! 💓✌
My midwives were amazing, helping me thru extended labor and holding my hand during Kiddo's surgical birth.
your welcome
Chronicle.....was so
“Racism is man's gravest threat to man - the maximum of hatred for a minimum of reason.” Abraham J. Heschel
OMFG!! One of my favorite DJs of all time, THE retweeted my Tweet!! Excuse my freak out but HOLY SHIT!!! :D
sorry I missed your thanksgiving tweet., hope you had a great Christmas
Gotcha!!!! Hope you and your mom have a good Mother's Day!!!
Very good point. Some "appetizers" really are entrees, and some entrees are too 1-dimensional to make for a satisfying meal.
I agree. I've had some success reaching folks 1-on-1; b/c no 1 can rationally argue that guy w/ record of violence is less suspect
We've just joined Twitter. We'll be tweeting tips, answering ?'s, sharing innovative roofing news & supporting the #ABQ community.
There's no way Lexi will die! Come on.
the only good thing about today is that it's nearly tomorrow!
hope to see you at Tia's tomorrow!
Roll up and inhale i live next to denzil
Someone has hacked your twitter account. Please change your password
I'm going to the May 5 show in Nashville too!! #obsessed haha!
Hah. Now now, no need to be sarcastic. Maybe he feels he can better work on improving his game elsewhere.
My brother and sister are bitchs!! sorry for my language, but its true and i dont give a shit!!
Yes. :) As a friend told me, it's impossible to see your own light as other people see it.
We love your style, Barbara!
I liked you better before i saw your 3 previous BF names tattoos crossed off your neck.
Avengers sold out. My brother works at this theater and told me when to get here...
Ugh I'm sorry!
I wonder what my tell is for when I feel Insecure? probably I juss get fidgety like when I feel anything other than comfortable.
RT Hey ! You like people who release books and love dancing, right? can satisfy both of those loves ;)
And that is why not everyone is cut out to save baseball games
Saved yet another customer's data by having hourly #ShadowProtect backups in place via a #BDR. Awesome product & software.
oh bummer lol what did u do rebel
how i'm gonna do that? l0l
#twothings you DONT wanna be behind when driving: an #old lady and her talking on the cell! Can you say #watchout!
mainly a headache and no energy. Some rest and Ill be fine
It would rock if and each sponsored a team with free tickets!
good stuff.
Who knew there was such an after market for teeth?
#Fitness and
for sure!!!
Come back soon!
People are looking at you the way you behave on a golf course because it shows what kind of a person someone is
was referring to the chihuahuas
yum that's good to hear! Haha sounds like your brother should be fixing you up some Japanese cuisine whenever you see him now!
HEY HEY HEY WHATD UP
to bad im going to!
dam dats some crazy ass shit da good thing is u didnt get hurt ..lol
Writing Christmas songs
thats my weakest point
Just downloaded my Portland Boat Show discount coupon. Only good Wed-Thurs-Fri.
Things you can't do in WV, No. 7,413,952: have a conversation with a traveling Swede about surstromming.
U gotta play inside and out. Fundamental basketball
Poor People & Whores left out of history. They're in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle Amazon.
#Lobos - so sad.... Almost could've had it there. :(
Congrats! So you fly for the AF then?
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.”
No, couldn't go. And thank you for the compliments! :)
Praise Jesus. REBUKE THE DEVIL
They say she got it from her mom Then I wanna meet her Moms
For the dummies who wore shorts today..: Bravo !!!
my apologies I'll take care of it personally within the next hour
Watchin Kings Of Comedy.
warm blooded? I think...
ArtPadSF – BRAF Benefit Join the Black Rock Arts Foundation at San Francisco ’s most innovative venue for art: ArtPadSF May 18th 6pm – 1a
there are so many things wrong with
I want to watch an actual talkie like this Lockwood-Lamont film, it's funny
Working on some new songs this week!
I wanna be a Crawley
Will follow the next 15 people to follow !!!!
The moon is awesome
Don't twist, they R scared of me RT : China is NOT "scared to death" of Pelosi as a person. Only in context of us house
every time i see those commercials about ppl that smoke and are like dying or have no legs or some shit. im just like, nigga smoke weed!
Awww Thanks Jerry! And Happy Mother's Day to your mom! (She did a great job!!) *muah*
In NyC for Internet week #IWNY excited to speak at
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.-St Augustine
hey bby i feel like you're almost never on
Yeah; it's ok, sort out my day...:)
thanks for the follow! #tweet it up!
hey! hey! how long you in town for? long enough to snag a beer?
I hate that dry cleaning is soo expensive!
good(: how much longer are you gonna be on limit?
It's a pretty solid film. Less cerebral than Gone Baby Gone, more in line with Heat. Definitely worth a watch.
lol alright nice job then :p
My best friend's from the Lake district. I hiked the Cleveland Way in 2000. Wonderful. Stayed in B&B's and met great folks
RT "Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust."
It's the first of the month :)
I know but I'll probably come see it again when I finish and then I will analyze it I know I'm excited!
#FF cuz she our top artist on staff!! And worth it!
i went there a week or two ago, and it looked like that
“: At the Nets game, hey ” He was awful!
22 is better than a tic tac!
Sounds like you found a keeper :)
File this under petty cash: USA ups aid to Pakistan to $5 bil about what Skype was sold to Microsoft.
Blake Shelton #handsdown RT : Tell us: Who is your biggest male celebrity crush?
I really really don't wan to do this FRQ.
Cmon Rockies... can't you freaking finish off a game?
Cause you'll say you love me and I'll end up lyin and say I love you too
good night MB
yeah I figured it out lololol
Money Bags!
Only one more week of "Earthly Paradise" and "Eden Reimagined" at the museum. Exhibits close Sunday, May 1.
Good Morning to you! ;-)
i need some followers
Its so cool to watch wear #21 - my college #!
February 25th CD release show w/ Low Hums and !! Come by and pick you up tickets!
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Pretty Little Liars online streams
artist of the month on thinknscience.com please go check it out would love to hear some feed back!!!!
follow me it's my birthday
He had zero reason to bean him. Stupid. Hope he's suspended RT 2 outs nobody on. When else should you bean someone intentionally?
the thing with africa though, and granted - I speak with limited knowledge, a lot of it is just as colonized as we are here.
#glee is number 9 on iTunes ^_^
debit card fees have put BOA in a ditch.
That's what I did.
Watching Sister Act 2 Back in habit one of my favorite movies....
i got you
Oooooohhhh!!! He said she ain't got no nipples!!
yea, imma turn it on right now lol
2 days. Can't wait any longer.
pictures of the party will be posted soon. great things ahead!
Watching darker than black and eating grilled cheese and tomato soup
Thanks Laurie! Getting ready for the full album release, will get you a cd as soon as it's ready.
I just saw your jewelry while hanging with . I'll probably come see you guys tomorrow
"Patience keeps hope alive. Hope keeps faith alive. Faith keeps you alive. These 3 move you from your experience to your position."
we will if they trow it
PLEASE, follow back? xoxo :-)
God made man stronger but not necessarily more intelligent. He gave women intuition and femininity.
I know Thompson. I don't regard him highly--he and the minimalists by and large misuse archaeology.
Hey Beauty Influensters, tweet the picture of your favorite #voxbox product. Best photos will be rewarded!
your welcome!
yes, the whole idea with #scareality was to make a game that amplifies existing motivations, impulses… so could work…
Not even buzzing that I can drive anymore
Check out 's book Barking Up A Dead Horse...a different approach to sales and personal achievement.
girl im in the same boat with v-day... only an eh.
you should probably stick to letting me text for you
American Idol over reality show any day.
#Reeves2012 I want to be there...how did I miss this...Oh, I'm in CIITS Training :)
So Nats players have taken to calling Harper "Bam Bam" after last night's incident. Funny.
When seeking a geriatric care manager or elder-care consultant, you need someone who can go toe-to-toe with the doctors and facilities.
never thought anyone saying ciao could be so hot before... AUUUGGHHH
What kind of BS is that! If you exceeding expectations then damn't thats what should be placed on the evaluation.
I floss every day! Good tip!
***BOOK a R&B STAR for your VALENTINES EVENT*** for more info
hoping rose plays tonight :)
I was kidding 😔
Why are all the good girls taken?
That would make me renew my membership. RT We need to have Tina Fey speak at ALA.
I eat dick for breakfast
I really really really loved your insight about about the fight over a musician's image in your article about
Your Stila blog inspired me to use the word "amazeballs" 3 times today. xo
Garganelli with chicken, grilled asparagus, crispy garlic, pine nuts & montamore
in tired an stressed so about normal. How about yourself?
It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in argument.
[Not quite 1000, but abt 900...] MT #LawSchool Exam prep: CALI has over 1000 lessons. Ask library for CALI access code.
Been a whole month as an instructor for my first college course... No need to pinch, The Dream Is Real and I'm loving it!
when it works it works
Had to decide between the prettiest dresses ever, I wanted all three ):
": A REAL AMERICAN ELECTION 435 HOUSE INCUMBENTS REMOVED 32 SENATE INCUMBENTS REMOVED 2 WH TRAITORS ARRESTED CONVICTED"
“: I think Demi, Selena, Miley & I should write a song together. The name: A JB Dumped Me.” I agree
#PERIODCUP !!!! omg loving it haha funny
I gotta make these moves!”)
Its how hard I'm trying to find this episode of Dr Phil when TO coon ass was on there
dam... forgot my toaster... now i don't have breakfast and i didn't eat dinner yesterday...
Real PR Media and SNO-PR have been hired by two Hollywood producers to promote the new film Milennium, starring the "Octomom" Nadya Suleman.
I have a cold. My nose is stuffed. Got a headache and body aches. I feel like shit. And I got a huge event coming up this Saturday.
_: Facebook rule #1 : If I'm not in it, don't tag me in your photo
RT >Has large exercise ball in room >Now has overwhelming urge to paint it to look like a Yukkuri
Harvard-Educated Law Professor: Fox News Anchor Bret Baier ...
do it! You still have to pay rent tho
no way crayola is the one and only crayon
And probably unsustainable. Still, crazy impressive.
Make bar menu
awesome I will have to say hi ;)) I am dressing back stage come see it !!!
facebook flirting; like their shit. twitter flirting; rt their shit. real life flirting; treat them like shit. hmm..
think of it this way, DD's get as much free soda, cheese, kombucha, bottled water and get to see 2 live bands for $20.
yeaa i made sure we got on good terms
Austin is great! Too bad we weren't able to meet up.
if u can share, how big is place, will you have community of peeps in position to comment? otherwise virtual?
no it wasn't...I purchased it in Kenya
yes we do! Lengua tacos with green salsa!
This monster man followed meh :D thanks for the follow bro
yeah they are. But calling me those things can't be misconstrued. Pretty bluntly stated.
RIP: Ralph McQuarrie. The Force is with you. Always.
I post all the good shit I hear on my twitter because I'm to lazy and I usually do it while I'm driving (:
82 pitch count for Anthony Bass! Gettin his Andy Ashby on!
No, this means I fucked everything up. LIFE GIVE ME A FUCKING BREAK. GOD DAMN.
I need to design some sort of rigging and power supply for my steam inhaler for work this weekend. It is a Steampunk event, after all.
just saw it today-was trying to remember that site, saw your preso & was curious. What a nice surprise! How you is, btw?
Hi Kris with all of the investigations you've done has there been any one that scared you?
Hey I want the Cameron for and the Michael for me :)
TOUGH TASK 4 THE HERD BUT VERY POSSIBLE HAD A CHANCE TO COACH AT MEMPHIS LAST YR AT THE FED X GR8 ATMOSPHERE 18,000 STR! WIN/LOSE/DRAW. WE R
You down for coming to Chicago again...?!(:
Hahahaha :D I Think It Probably Gets Boring Everywhere, It Can Be So boring here. lol So..Whats Your name :)
Student, to me: Donna Haraway as existentialist? Me, to student: Interesting. Go for it. Me (to self): My work, for today, is done.
No Means No - Ravens shutting out Rapistberger and the Squeelers 7-0 at half
I Need YOU to be apart of the Atlanta Underground Music Awards Great Networking Event
Congrats to for taking the TLA Cult Award! Fan-Tastic!
she told me she would c what she could do&I said thats all I ask and havent heard anythin,since but Im seein her tomorrow..
oh boo :( It would have been fun to catch up. Have fun in #Korea tho!
Feel the earth titl! + + move to NYC: MT you ready, bossman?
hahaha you guys are so funny.
Going to go claim my victory dance in the rain.... Hiya hiya hiya Hoya alalalala boom chiched chiched boom ...
feelings come and go. fuck feelings.
wow. That sux for him. Seems like a good kid.
Don't get so butthurt
S/O to for being one of the most emotionally strong girls I have ever met<3
aye u not following me so I cnt message u
I do need to get my tweets up though cuz im slacking so i think im bout to catch up
she really is the greatest!
it's called taskrabbit. Use it.
My birthday is in December, Mandy. Either the Kurt Cobain portrait or The Boardwalk would make an appropriate gift for me. ;)
Very excited to be official sponsors for b-fest 2012. We get to be on the famous b-fest poster, HOT DOG!
I'll shut up now. :)
hope you got a discount :P
Spread the word! #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition is coming soon. This will be a premier exhibit at theNat that you won’t want to miss!...
You really think so??? I don't think so..kobe can't beat thunder own his own. lol
Aww I Havent Talkd To You In A Long Time
Congrats on your Business Innovation award
Amazing performance tonight, loved it! Good luck!
oh #meryl you have me tearing up
I'm so confused
#ghettocommandments Thou shall put in on the bottle of Ripple.
LOL. At least you caught it.
Thinking of doing something a little different...
Sad HBSSW news: Retired Prof. Carl Pope passed away July 25th. Visitation from 5-7 pm on Friday, July 31 at Feerick Funeral Home, Shorewood.
I agree!
Wow get my phone stolen and lose followers thats raw whats up people im back
at skol bout to go to band class
Its sad to see these artists that have sold out! Very few care about their communities or the youth. They are about money only!
Sometimes it's hard for our parents to get their kids to school on time. Even if they're late, we make sure each student has breakfast!
it ain't rap if it ain't EMINEM
yeah, it's not bad. I almost like it more than Facebook.
O, i'd take an gift card 4 this tweet thread. Then I'd mail it 2 u b/c yr the 1 who actually ate their parmesaned turd.
a touch of shameless self-promotion is energy, but unchecked, it becomes pollution in a hurry
This Takes vs HYBRID match is pretty boring, tbh.
This. RT : Pet peeve: People who say "backslash" when giving a URL. It's a slash, people. A slash. It leans forward.
I followed
we're doing dinner
down, down, down
Man Durant needa cuss his team mates out everytime they dont give em the ball
"I don't drop names. I just know famous people." -Charles Barkley *in my Hoppin Bob voice* SHUTCHO MOUF, & YO...!! (twas low key funny tho.)
Hamptons with my sister. Looking forward to getting into the ocean with my niece!
Best find a surgeon. Come cut me open.
;) no problem!
I just heard and saw one of the best quotes ever related to what I do! "SWEAT IS FAT CRYING!!!!!!" So stop crying and get fit!!!!
And n0w tHat hE's g0ne, wHat's tHe uSe of LiviNg iN tHis seLfiSh w0rLd
how are you doing?
#AllianceSummer Nice update on Muse and JSTOR ebook projects. What is intersection w/ commercial eb vendors?
you never go in on the right days. (;
I have an idea, but when it switches you'll still be following me automatically ... hopefully!
I MISS EVERYONE AND IT'S ONLY BEEN 2 DAYS. #WhereAreMyWellingDerps :( </3
Smelling like formaldehyde after dissecting cats.
Hey, are you new too? :)
award him a free trip to Finland. See what those Finlandians do to the destroyer of their Golden God.
whats happening mama! we're all on the twitter now...I'm soaking in it lol!
I just gave to the Dallas Fire Department's "fill the boot" campaign. Have you?
Beware a snake in the grass Jordan. Embrace a goat in the fridge!
you're my fav late night tweeter.
Of Dune RT : I was thinking of God Emperor myself, but Lord works as well.
I am looking at Beaver Creek. Not really excited about the altitude factor.
Lexington Christian senior SG Taylor Barnette was granted release from scholarship at UCF. Arguably the best shooter in the state.
Thank you, Kate!!
I'll be there. I'm drinking water. Mike is drinking the beer. I didn't want to add to my misery.
Dear #Blackhawks I am representing you in the HTCR tomorrow so probably will be asleep before game end. Please make me happy when I wake up
Tomorrow is going to b crazy 50cent coronas&wells bday party + free kid cudi tickets! C u there!
You are insane.
Watch out for huge ivory towers that are heavily armed (anon questioner)
Happy memorial day!! What a beautiful day to to remember the sacrifice troops have given so we can have our freedom here..
Why is Bob's Burgers so funny?
Starting HCG diet today! Has anyone out there tried this???!!! Give me some feedback please!
Getting ready for conference call in a few minutes.
I think I'm gonna have nightmares...
. And yet everyone, including the announcers, talks about them. One of my jobs as a columnist is to provoke thought + conversation
Thanks for the best mango smoothie I've ever tasted! :)
Tomorrow on it's Jamie Guerin from Whitehouse-Crawford; amazing #WallaWalla wine list. Next up, a secret:)!
it's ok I'm 40 minutes from The Anchor. Tim should be joining me later tonight too.
Gotta hype our really cool 60's art posters. Nice for framing and looking upon!
Working from home tomorrow. Yes!
thanks for promoting health in NOLA. We challenge you to get 5 friends to text "HEALTH" to 300400. Free #diabetes risk test
What the hell dude's a poser
When you hear such nonsense, don't be gullible.Let your intellect rule.
Thanks for all your kind words, Terry. Have a great week!
Let's go
I am glad you enjoyed it! Thank you for the mention.
great way to start my day.. and it's only the first day being home.
Do you have your own website?
Heading to the GA Dome for Ravens Game! Ravens Rule
Word around town my dick taste like ribs
where did you get it!? it would mean so much if you told me:) <3
I saw the article about the Swingers, do they have a team Twitter account?
Not willing to let the Nuggets off the hook. As a paying customer I am furious. They have had every opportunity and pissed down their legs
ugh, so many mixed emotions but finale but at least it got renewed Lol!!
On that giants status
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- the role of Marketing is to make selling easier. (paraphrase, Peter Drucker)
Who 😳 I'm in trouble
Wouldn't it be ironic if the San Diego Chargers picked #PaytonManning up?
what?? No one got in a crash.
I have a spare ticket for this afternoon's #PHILLIES game. If you're interested, let me know. The ticket is free & its up in the 400 Level.
Have had that happen at NY Avenue before. End result: same train, but I lost my seat.
whats that nasty little stringy thing that is not part of the banana peel, nor is part of the banana? whatever it is, its gross.
Too funny! RT : In the spirit of caveman I am eating my lunch with my hands. That, and I forgot to bring a fork
I'm gonna need everybody to fall asleep on the Spurs again. I actually like it better that way.
ahh I knew it.. Wanted to be closer to me! :P lol but yeah everything is closer to here then new Bedford haha
My dad joins twitter In time for #haikumonday A coincidence?
But mostly just disappointed to be many miles away from chicken wings and a great excuse to eat some.
Lord you are good and your mercy endures forever
I just realized what OG meant...
"I walked, I ran, I jumped, I flew.... Right off the ground to float to you"
So excited.. is hosting Wayne Watson 8/19 at 7pm.
I cant sleep then you cant sleep. Im workin on yalls logo now so you need to find something productive! Lol
great background :) loving itt!!!!!!!
What the f#@% is vegan tapioca? You should try to save your tastebuds and drink smoothies from now on! :-)
Why are you so hot on The Client List? Goodness!
nothing much you?
Don't forget we changed our name to Camos Brothers, Next time check in under Camos Brothers and you could get a free drink!
We HEART you!
Playing Universal today.... Blues Brothers ....fun in the sun....
apologies to all who have mentioned me and I haven't hit back my blackberry isn't giving me my alerts for some reason.
a 26" 100 year old gretsch bass drum with calf skin heads!
Yes! RT : Most social mvmts, like LGBT mvmt, have nothing to do with big #philanthropy. - LaMarche
The Moment in your life when you are thinking you are worthless. Well you are not.
How is that I only now learn that buses will take pennies? Now I know what to do with all those pennies!
for sure!
thankyou! And I've followed you :)
About to go get me some kool-aid , thirsty af!
you know it! Lol you're hilarious.
Go follow !(: and fan account !<3 soo cute!
I'm already giving it 5 stars on
you are going to have to get a new method
Good morning! Its time for a cup of coffee.
Busker at metro center playing a classical trumpet voluntary (really well : ). Beautiful start to a day.
It's funny how y'all can't see my old avi but I'm looking dead at it lol but I know it's gone
Thanks for the feedback!
Finding keys in an Easter egg >>>>> now have my own set to the parents cars!
Whoa, Badger TD just like that. They could not have scripted a better start. Let's see what Ducks can do now.
what? I feel like they chase you down and tackle you for them here!
#Osama's last words to be published today. My money's on "OH FUCK!"
Termites outweigh humans by almost ten to one.
RT thanks! We are pumped about tonight's #uwbenhuh event (will B live tweeting, start 6 pm)
Doing work - bleu cheese and bacon fries, Tecate flank steak tacos, lobster roll and a gruyere Reuben. Oh and WI beers.
“: I will shed some light on the situation in a few weeks” Ajsiwuqusyqi. The suspense is killing me.
Yay!!! RT Just found out that I'm 's 2011 Video Blogger! can't wait to get my FlipCam & share my adventure!
It's only a matter of time before the money starts rolling in. The hard work will definitely pay off.
Happy First Day of Spring!!!
I love early mornings so cool, quiet & dark. But I hate waking up early cause well I am tired. lol
Not looking good for me.
it was more of a neon green shower you're right. And I call them vitamins not
no did it by accident
Thanks for tweeting that #e01. I'm running late :(
The senior prank was stink bombs
Would love to meet for lunch! Or Happy Hour cocktails by Edge??
Soul meets soul on lover's lips. ~ by Percy Bysshe Shelly ~
"the promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. that it can be good again."...
them was the days but nothing chillin
TGIF! It's been a long week. I wonder what I'll report on tonight at 11 on DC.
Maybe, but it's an honor!
Camping :D wish...i was shopping <3
there's not much intrigue, i was summed up last night " actually--bad boy biker dude with excellently refined taste."
Intel delivers USB 3.0 in its chips, finally: It took about 10 years, but the chip giant finally puts the next-gen USB technology in ...
I knew you were talking to arty!lmfaaao oh my gawwd
aww don't be sad! Lol we'll be back in a couple days hating that prof..
I love hearing that. Thanks
Austin Mahone is a name I will never ever forget ; he changed my life .... &' I love the way he always cares for us everyday. I love you<3
oh man haha shouldn't be the other way around? lol
When One Direction comes out on Pandora I get all: I'm a girl and I love them and I will sing no matter how bad my singing voice is t(._.t)
What has been your favorite part about winter break?
can you say dynasty
im happy :)
Heading to lunch Bakery today. Let's hope the sunshine improves how I feel about eating sandwiches.
Any plans for St Patty's day? Well come on down to Twilight for St Patrick's day! $5 Car Bombs! $5 Jameson! $8 Jameson and Guinness!
not jk mirena is the best decision I've made in my adult life. I haven't had a period since 2007
RT : Did she..did she just call someone a child??-The Audane smh
holla! So excited glad I got a best friend like you!!
lol ok then #wtf was that about
Long day of scraping. Had a quick passout, now it's time for a martini & a lecture from the professor.
Seward saw in the South naught but noisy bravado. Mr. Lincoln and I understood all too well the rebels' dogged courage.
I promise I will!
Hey Josh u really should tweet me considering ur my future hubby and all lol jk ;) Sendin Much <3 from Tiffy!
5: Personality is critical. #sxswi #commcenter "Your company's culture is a direct reflection of your founders' culture."
Thank your for your interest
Hey! Yes, still here ... leaving very early Tuesday. I'll ping you when I'm free tomorrow and would love to come see you!
please Follow Me Love U !!
get the guac.
AZ, IF YOU NEED TICKETS FOR MY SHOW, LETS ME UP TODAY! 623-760-7518, STARTIN SOME NEW TRACKS TONIGHT
Be kind to thy father, for when thou were young, who loved thee so fondly as he? He caught the first accents that fell from thy tongue,
There goes my shaved legs:/
that album basically describes what goes on in Queensbridge, so it really is about New York
Seems like so many nationally touring bands skip Indy, so thank you thank you for scheduling a visit (7/17, the vogue)
Planet Tennis: It's getting more & more diff 2 separate music research tennis but don't know what the topology of their agglomeration is
Kareem goodbye all my friends know I keep eye contact to the point of intimidation at times.
Nothin like a warm campfire
Why does it bother me so much that hes talking to someone else?! Hes a douche bag and liar. I should not want him in my life!! #KillMe!
Hill M takes penalty.
Just sent Heather Turner Loth a Congratulations note on her win as WI Builder's 2009 Construction Woman of the Year!
These Bitches got me-.-
Good luck even getting out of any group stage England with everyones most boring Auntie Roy Hodgson. Another Steve McLaren here we come.
now the cat just devoured/shredded one of my books. Seriously? Is this normal behavior for a cat?
So far, my computer is up & running again! So relieved! Let's hope it stays working, I depend on this thing
Migraine. Please don't call. My phone is only on in case of an emergency. Since those hardly ever happen, if you call, I will yell at you.
sorry I think I was thinking of another Nats tweeter. I'm on Vicodin right now and can't be held responsible for my tweets.
I need taken care of.
Another pitch meeting today
Flattering or terrifying: the client who never remembers anyone's name suddenly knows yours?
word!! Or those Nextel walk talkie features. Ugh
i am sorry if we havent done right by you, if you change your mind i'd be happy to do what i can to help.
noon on FOX, green flag at 12:01 (weather permitting)
Norwich U's longitudinal, randomized controlled trial w/ 60 cadets, investigating TM effects on psychological distress, resilience
No teacher for first period . #ohnice !
Good morning, love! I didn't get the info for the party yet. :( Whatz up?
agreed! I'm so over this crafty, sand blasted, whimsical & uninspired umbrella trend-It's time for something new finally.
I feel like taking off my contacts, ripping them apart, stomping on them & setting them on fire right now .
Great ending to a wonderful birthday! :)
and I wonder how much could that $119m digitise and rights clear for future generations?
good to start off with a road series win. How many times did that happen in 2010? 1?
RIGHT THO- BUT DON'T TRY N.HIDE HOW YOU GETTING IT , iff you getting IT
you only live once, why wouldn't you be bonkers? get outta that shell people!
Oh hey Jackson, hey.
I've heard that they feel good on your feet.. but they certainly don't tone your bum!
When doing drop-sets, drop the weight 30-50%, depending on how heavy the initial set is
Why do I like Dog the Bounty Hunter so much?
Dear #Preds, we are all (Alexander) Sadulost.
DMEcollective.com We the TRUTH!!!
Watchin big black dudes hit on every girl in line
our site isn't set up for it but we will do it for you:) Email with what u want,size,& shipping address
Irony brings a deeper and less friendly understanding
Thank you!
ok cool homie
have you tried called me
Great workout today!!
Like I need more useless gadgets in my life... Where do I sign up?
"Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength." Mark 12:30
OK. I'm awake.
That was the one time I actually wanted the #Yankees to win. Damn #Rays...Maybe next year
www.yyoga.ca in Vancouver BC offering 5 yoga classes for $50 if purchased before Christmas! Great deal!
I need a Strohm/Duke hang!
Thanks for the RT! Have a good weekend.
Man it feels great outside today.
did u read the article? That was the title, not my opinion. IMHO Ed should be completely privatized.
“: 11:53 today! Third round and I am six back! #movingday”-Crush 'em!!!
it's not too late.
One more thing you will find the youtube video on his profile page. You will have to scroll down a little to find it. It is worth it.
: Hahaha! Too funny!
Theres a whole lot of things i am willing to forgive but i just cant take a lier </3
We hope the #LTDArmy is having a great day today. Check out our "EVENTS" page. We've added another show. Plus, tickets for Soulfly are here!
ha ha. Ralph. Never grows old.
So 2morrow im going 2 start again ! :):)
I wish I could accio these glow-in-the-dark stars off my ceiling.
I am so proud of Austin, it is just amazing how far he has come<3
cool cant wait 2 see u...i mean it ...lol
What did you think of the Reset trailer?
I Am Number Four
I miss football season
This 7-11 actually sells quite a few exotic fast foods. Ethiopian bread and other imported Mexican baked goods.
More #ChampionsLeague action today with #RealMadrid v. #Bayern live at 12:45pm! Will Madrid get the win this time?
Class hasn't been as visible as it is now in years...why so few panels on the topic at this year and every year's ASA? Amen!
Apparently there's a long lineup in front of the American Historical Society of lobbyists looking to register as historians
A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually
did you watch smash last night? They danced to that song. It's the first time I watched that show so I don't know about it.
Yo man! Just got migrated to my new twitter handle. Hit me at
Seek those distant horizons and cherish those you attain
Rathr be bored at work than bored and broke.
probably my favorite saying ever.
So far, today has been a really productive day.
Good day at Chalco Hill with the family (:
Do u love me like u used to?
Thanks, David. I actually feel like it's the medical professionals and all you folks helping me through this who are awesome. :-)
song of the volga boatmen- red army choir
I know exactly what you mean! But my life's the other way.. Like I have all this talent but no one notices it, yah know.
Co-wrote. It's all on my IMDb.
That's what confuses me. I only bought one container.
If only he studied irony in high school... RT : LeBron is telling me to stay in school...
Just sent you my cell. We'll be at Roland's. Feel free to join us!
first a kardashian tweet now this? Is a 20 year old E! intern doing your tweets today?
We Are The Federation-The Story of Greg'ry Revenj debuts tomorrow at 7:00pm at. www.RevenjJeans.com
Teach-ins, movies, on past labor/progressive fights. RT So, that was fun, now #wiunion, what else would you like to do?
You know what it is!!!! Mystik is my name dont for get BABY!!!
haha well it was annoying and I was in one of those 'I'm in a huge hurry' moods!
Can someone send me a picture of Niall's "tattoo" before I collapse.
It's days like today that make me really appreciate having a gym in the building
Austin's hair when it's curly is UNF. Omg, he should wear it like that more often. (:
Compiling my notes and blog ideas from #EBCON this past week. Need to prep for #RIS next week (laundry, other misc crap)
People are so uptight about everything. You realize we a atom amongst billions amongst billions.
YES they plan to reopen in 5 mins. RT: Anyone know if 169 N is open at 494???
That's so BS!!! DVR that jawn...you can see #Budinger's eyes...the blindfold wasn't all the way down!
Okay yess Im sorry for that, so are dating Patrick
“: Water off a ducks back... when it comes to #anything negative RT_12: how do u manage to stay positive all the time?”U KNOW
was wondering what the hell you meant. 62. #damnyouautocorrect!
I feel like I would be a good personal assistant or secretary.
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
#GrinDKinGz DavidX str8 out of #NewOrleans will be dropping soon... Im sure u will enjoy
Rage tonight? I think yes.
Zombie killing right off the bat! Yes! That's how I like it!
10 minutes left! Up to 11 songs on my incredibly random (and awesome) #WTFPlaylist for the drive home. I crave more off-the-wall music!
i TOO OLD TO BE SCARED OF THE DARK...
Taking rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
#ThankGodItsFITzee! Make sure your grocery stock up happens today- shop from 2pm to 6pm and buy 3 meals- you'll get an extra meal #free!
So cute! Go for it!(:
put a wetsuit on
Is it time for the cloud? - IDG News Service
Sushi and coffee....weird combination.
I dislike you with everything in me. Get a clue! Stupidddass.
After basically a month of no poker (Christmas killed the bankroll). Back at it tonight.
The ruffian stepped toward me. Suddenly, a hand fell on my shoulder. "Lamon, old fellow! What brings you here?" a familiar voice asked.
Uh i wish i never saw that video now im ina bad fucking mood
Feature Flick: An Epic Drive in a Land Rover Discovery Across Russia - Automobile Magazine (blog)
hidemybody is the most reliable and fastest free anonymous web proxy in internet.
Less than an hour til I can go home and Bert the night away!
InvisibleCities/Oh,CAN looks amazing.re:roadtrip I get to hide in the glove compartment!
bra. If I see charles akeem watson I'm swinging to connect. He backwards from what jordan would do that's why his number is 32
Pam, sausage pepperoni and cinnamon sticks and coke. Maybe I should have a 4 lol : Grinning 'cause
Driver's license... pass ALL the tests!
#IHateToBreakItToYou , but when you where fucking UGGS with shorts, it's not cute. Sorry, but you look like a fucking retard.
Pistol in Yo mouth I cannot
and nothings happening?
& why weren't his clothes taken 4 evidence? #coverup MT : If Zimmerman had injuries, why wasn't he taken to hospital from the scene?
panic at the disco is awesome agreed?
repped like a real queen.....look great....
D'aw.
SET IT FREE!
Forever is an awefully long time
#ancientgreek quote for the day - τὸ δὶς ἐξαμαρτεῖν οὐκ ἀνδρὸς σοφοῦ. - "To commit the same sin twice [is] not [a sign] of a wise man."
You should try being out there for sunrise. If you make it at least one hour befor sunrise you will be amazed. :-)
Happy Opening Day!!
steel drums ahead
I'm actually here this morning (right now actually) and back again tomorrow afternoon 2-4
It's hurting me, because you have a box to hump. Game in a box? That's so 2004.
I like that big commercial with Tim Duncan and Mobb Deep's "Shook Ones" beat!
we're back online!
RT : Q9. If you could be "stranded" anywhere, where would it be? Why?
great 2 check out is www.liverockyell.com (cool social media network 4 bands/artists, all styles) & www.isomediainc.com/rob CD&DVD manufactr
Just because it's football time in #NewEngland - doesn't mean the #Redsox have to shut down and go home
Shall we continue the meeting this afternoon (late evening for you)?
Much love but, long way to go before we have a movement. Spent half a rally announcing other actions. We are HERE right NOW
Interested in Latin America--#FF #LASA2012 for info on Latin Am Studies Assn meeting coming up soon.
20% OFF Donut Kingdom. Only w/ a
sounds good!
Shoutout to my new followers, got a new film coming out next week! Keep your eyes peeled!
never mind and ur suppose to put a - and ur name xD
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO COME OUT TO THE SHOW LAST NIGHT!!!!!!!!
I think many Americans do. I'm pretty sure I've said it
Twitter is pretty astounding that way.
did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
The Big Picture : Kinda odd following posts from someone whose avatar photo came from iStockPhoto.com.
Happy Veterans Day from the SJS TEAM
I think we need some, but I don't know the details. We definitely haven't hired anyone yet.
“: Gets an email that a celebrity is now following. FAKE ACCOUNT” that even happens to me..
Go #Marlins! #mia v
don't talk bout my in-law
My time is too valuable for it to be wasted by those that lack having value for their own.
On Skype! Hit me up so we can chat!
It was an honor to speak at the Stonegate Early College graduation yesterday. Their motto is "We Change Lives," a worthy phrase to live by.
Want me to help? I've grown to really like Reader.
i love when you break your monk-like twitter silences.
founders is the start. Eventually will expand all types of resources. Have you had a chance to create a profile?
Thanks for the shout!! Def appreciated
If you change Who you are, to make someone else happy, in the End, you'll Never be happy. Be Who You Are, No Matter Who is in your life.
This gets my vote for grossest entry. :) But you're getting a prize for the one I liked better. (There will be a blog post...
i love how celebrity retweets spike my klout score.. thats the secret to improving klout i think
you bring her luck :)“: why is she always wearing my clothes?”
Women don't like a man 2 change himself in2 the type of guy she says she's attracted 2, she prefers him 2 be that way naturally w/out effort
The Cubs still suck. The Cubs still suck. They really really really really really really suck.w/
Hilarious job title I just ran across: "Internal Communications Communicator"
I have the story. It's dark again. You should see The Ruling Class. Updates tomorrow.
Dammit we should be ROOTING for Madonna!
Sunday, 9/4/2011 10:30 am - 2:30 pm Jazz Brunch, featuring Don Black, saxophone Connie Fay, piano At The Grand Bohemian Orlando Florida
Jealous and hungry
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Ouch, is that true band music fans? RT : Something trumpets rarely do RT Tuning - The raising and lowering a pitch...
In other news, this frozen Skyline Chili I got at the grocery store is one of the greatest things ever.
We can not stop Satan... and for some broken Spirits- it is wall 2 wall & floor 2 ceiling... Continued next tweet
Need NEW Texting Buddies !
When your brother eats your food<<<< 😡
night night missy!
“: I miss how you can always make me laugh and smile again even if I'm in a bad mood.”
we will have to figure it out. you are only six hours away. I can do that. :)
LITERALLY LAUGHING SO HARD IM CRYING DAVID WHAT
Bad timing: the story of my life hahaha
weren't you conquered by Hitler?
If Falcom games have taught me anything, it's that you should NEVER trust a minor character that shows their face next to their text box...
Bet I know what it was RT : the first time I have ever jumped ahead while writing
Hang on, Brewers. One more.
Live your life your way. Not the way others live theirs.
Ok I need to tweet more
Watchin # the voice is hard tonite for the judges....
Oops sorry
i love you to ^_^
RT : Better chances than your bracket: Mega Millions is at $241 million // I'm on it. See you on the other side.
WHAT YOU KNO BOUT THAT SANDWICH BOIII
No problem, but you are welcome!
Happy Veterans Day from the Rage.Thanks for all you've done and continue to do.Special thanks to our owner Rob Kowalewski,a veteran himself
I did get an update recently, but this has been a problem for a while.
His BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY ROCKIN EVERYWHERE
What songs do you want to hear next Thursday for our Dredg//Case In Theory show?
Tweet me a number and a question and I'll tell you which boy(z) you look good with! 😊❤
yeah i will rt them in a little :) thanks.
Oakland was my other option aside from pitt
same here. Still working out 6 days a week. I haven't been tweeting much. My employer blocked it. .
JERSEY SHORE!!!!!!
You got an itch that needs to be scratch? My "scratcher" can be of good use.
You'll be my fire, call me a liar. We'll make mistakes the way we always do.
tomorrow I shall embark on a quest to find money to bring you to my Catholic university. I'm tired of being its only foe.
who is "she"?? haha. I have an idea. you know I luhhhh you.
Rajon Rondo better snap
Hoping my flight doesn't get delayed. The weather here got crazy.
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are. - Roy Disney
Just made a gigantic mess in the kitchen. Who's going to clean it up?
Team lakers!!! But Jeremy Lin is a beast!
Tell us, FITzees- what music gets you pumped and ready to #workout?
I'm not mean :c
#mistakesGIRLSmake…nagging and pushing for their partner to open it. It only causes them to shut down even further. BE SAFE ladies.
We are hydrating at Hollywood and Ovation just outside of the Hollywood Farmed Market. Come by and get a ZICO!!
I think tweeting during acupuncture defeats the purpose. All the chi is flowing into your phone...
We're feeling the love this week!
I'm a rational person, until you get on some BS
Sure dont call me back freakr
hates inconsiderate parkers in his neighborhood. Some lucky asshole is going to get a VERY funny note on their windshield
YEP!!..but what worked for them in the 50's ain't gonna work NOW!!!
Yes, make scones! With any luck, I'm going out for a donut, eh!
Have seen my kiddos a total of 1hr in two days. Not sure if I'll make it home in time tonight. Not. Happening. Any. More.
At Martinsburg airport with annoucning 2012 Supreme Court candidacy in a statewide fly around.
So i gave Him the Note Know i Must play the Waiting Game. :b
lol i want whit my dad to look at scarp
I knew it! :D
you have to be tall and built.
Walt's Moonlight Sonata motivational message is absolutely brilliant.
A-Rod is expecting to have a good night. lets see how the run game is.
♫ ♫ "all I be thinkin' bout is your hands on my skin" ♫ ♫
A vibrant Local Economy needs successful local independent businesses. Support your local economy. Support your Community!
bitch! Who'd you go with?
Guess I'll watch me a Tyler Perry's movie or play. Haven't pop one in my DVD player in awhile.
Stop paying full price for styling products. Let us know your favorite line and we'll find you the best deals!
on fire!
don't worry when i'll be famous you'll find ways to follow me :D
It would be so fun to ustream with the Castronovos! Lol We would have such a GRAND time being weird. (;
haha - but the sprinkles are the best! Fine, once you lose the 35lbs, we'll plan #socialRAVE cc:
Are you ready Chicago? Next week we doing it up right! Meagan McNeal LIVE at Red Kiva!
Literally flailing my arms around in my bed because Anthony Li followed and Dm'ed me today. Ive met him three times but I still fangirl. :p
“ “ , thanking God and staying Humble””
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals."
For it to be this early on a Saturday my TL is busy!!! 😳
Indonesia is in Asia. My fav color is pink.
Happy Wedding day to ! Can't wait to see pictures. 💗
I think they forgot about me.
Btw, did you see my DM?
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That Caesar Flickerman will call you out on throwing bread at the girl you like
I've always been terrible at math. But this week, I've returned to my 3rd-grade-introduction-to-long-division level of terrible.
Why do people smoke pot!!? Itss fucken retarded. Bttr yet why do people smoke in general!? Cause your all freaking dumbasses thats why!
My father-in-law bought us a Nook. So we're now a dual Nook/Kindle household, ergo e-reader diversity for the win. :)
The Swiss in my pub are getting crazy...
Cracks me up to see "journalists" who sensationalize most of their stories casting dispersions at Mike Daisey. Get over it, already.
S/O to my follower
get rich or die tryin' .
good morning:)
Current top sellers; Closer to the Heart: Rush Limelight: Rush YYZ: Rush Smoke on the Water: Deep Purple Pull Me Under: Dream Theater
One more thing why is these women in the news continue to complain about our 1st lady and breastfeeding when they breast feed their babies!
Uber-awesome people to follow
RT : The NURFC is offering a FREE workshop on community organizing. Interested? RSVP today to Katie at 513.333.7554
A big welcome to all of our new HOMies! You are why we Rock!!!
it's different, but I like it (:
Good -Morning!
We were glad to help out. Were you lucky enough to walk away w/ one of our etched wine bottles?
Saturday's weather forecast: 69 and scattered t-storms
3 weeks of school left and I'm still pulling students out of PE to finish work. School aint over yet!!!!!
Haha wendy willams looj betttah than ya fugly ass you really ugly and ya breath be on some tiffany type shit crusty onion!!!!....
we parlay'n hanging out the window
Paterson and Wise: We've got to have the backs of those facing injustices like in Arizona
&#39;Titanic&#39; the miniseries sails onto DVD and Blu-ray
Turn the excitement up to 11, tonight's the night! Are you going to a midnight #Avengers screening? If so, how stoked are you?
: is so rude. Tell him you love em and he sends back "k". SMH.
My brothers friend will be on Unforgettable on CBS his first primetime premiere will u watch it its on @ 10 pm eastern * ...
“: +1 to for using "Hot frothy ropes of man slime" in a Tweet.” Many thanks *takes bow
my knees fall asleep all the time. I don't know our understand how or why it happens... But you're not alone.
At #ISTE11 opening keynote! And so it begins...
RT I'm white. But I'm not NASCAR fan white
lol yah, dont leave us hangin! I want 10 minute updates on mr presidents night!
Fulfilling my daily baseball needs by listening to the #Phillies/#Braves game while I work.
I love the #PGA leaderboard. Phil, Dustin, & Keegan all tied for 1st ! All i need now is to hit mute so I don't hear Jim Nance:)
": “: hello ladies how are you both”LOVELY!!";-)
LOVED YOU ON BOB &TOM THIS AM
I have a sweet tooth right now and the only cure is Reeses!
Remind yourself it’s okay to: not to be okay, break down, cry ourselves to sleep. We all are imperfect humans being.
Table read was fantastic so much talent in our cast! Teaser for Monongahela due out next week!
Nah yo!!! Blake Griffen just threw it on Gasol worst than Mosckov and Perkins combined! Dayum
I love so so so so much!
fan club want to know why #10 in high school and college?
And so my day begins at 8am. Its weird to think I went to bed at 2 and woke up at 8 am
So many red headed beauties at tthe market this morning. Come snatch one up
"Give what you owe: If you owe taxes, pay taxes; if revenue, then revenue; if respect, then respect; if honor, then honor." -Romans 13:7
Jeter seems to be regaining his post-season swing. would love one more insurance run
"The Apostle insists that if the law had the strength to save and make us righteous, then if follows that Christ had died in vain. Assuredly
Winter Jam today!
plez fallow me
i needa get my grades upp.
Hey Hey mr. just watched 'creature of Darkness' Love to hear what you though about it. Gimme a quick thought brotha
There's a half marathon this weekend. Think I can do it?!
I hope he doesn't.
yes that's exactly who
What mental disorder do people have that they flip honest compliments to them into insults to you.
Your own personal shopper exclusively from Miami Beach and NYC - Read about it at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I just caught you on CNN, I appreciate you speaking out for justice and I'm a huge fan.
Hey it was good to meet you! Any high school buddy of Luke's is almost a high school buddy of mine.
Fantastic, thanks! I'm taking time to smell the roses today. Hope you are having a great Sunday!
those are generalizations. And generalizations are only accepted by morons. Don't let them drag you down too. Head up!
It's made with lots of love. I love my mom. :)
that's unofficial
I don't get locked profiles either. Always felt like it's slammed door or "listen to me but I can't be bothered to hear u"
Driving to work laughing to a Jason Segel radio interview, makes for productive mornings.
Seriously. Imagine 7th grade movie theater makeouts except on the sidewalk in broad daylight. On the crowded metro.
I've seen a couple of, what I regard as, dangerous attacks on attempts at sustainability these past couple of days.
Happy National Kiss Day<33
as in the Beastie Boys song?
Tbh Simon gave good reason why he didn't approach Mariah for the second time. Some lambs smh…MC was not even shading Britney at all.
What?! We SO need to talk.
don't forget to make that pick in our pick 'em league!
i love how everybody is just now realizing that andrew bynum sucks at pick and roll defense
#magiccity RT : i95 South Bound Miami!!! --its where its at--!!!
Saw Moneyball the other day. What a good movie. Pitt really hold his own but his sidekick steals the show. A good ride, baseball fan or not.
What? You're buying a new toothbrush today? Do tell!
hahah. But, you should let Tori know you weren't laughing at her. She was really upset.
Say hi!
Lol, yes we all know the feeling.
Entercom picks up Inner City Urban AC KBLX/San Francisco for $25 million. Check your inbox for more in our RAMP Breaking News!
Back in Louisville. Couldn't get in
turkey, drinks, & drama. guess it's thanksgiving.
RT Unfortunately don't get to go to the white house guess I'll make the trip next year;-) you and will be missed!
If Willow was on BluRay I'd already own it.
that was funny im stealing that
“: Another ticket #Fml” omg I hate LA tix!
And screaming in my car haha RT « Awesome! Now I'm crying at work! Skol Vikes! We did it!»
Nobody better steal Uecker's statue
#IBackedMyCarIntoaCopcar the other day and the nigga just drove off
The poverty gap between children and elderly is largest in history. Do we actually care about our children in US society? #PAA2012 Lichter
Girls who post statuses, pictures, tweets ect about all the cute things her boyfriends said or done for her <
Im going to a dance thats cool
11: 11 *close eyes makes wish!
aww thanks austin your to sweet<3
thanks! My celebriguineas! :)
Well Good Friday to all!!!!!
heading home after a long day? stop by for dinner.
#ShoutOutToo she's super beautiful but she's a hater<3 Guys rape that follow button. :)
lol i am bored even tearsall falling down T.T
Stuporbowl ignoring in progress
lol it is true u r a sex god
exactly :( what's your issue? DM me if you want :\
My intro to Jameson was his "Reification" essay on God Father and Jaws. It is fun and a good way to ...
Headed to take my mom out for lunch. Hope all the moms are enjoying their day.
Heymy friend i had a tough Sunday my advice would be go with your first feeling most of the time your goingto be right no secondgu
yea my last class ends at 1:00
Sigh. Canada is so much better-downward dog to Tonight is No Night MT if I move back to Toronto, Julie Doiron can be my yoga teacher
ha! Not quite there yet. Lol
That is so great to know! I am always concerned that that talk is too remedial and everyone will be bored :D
i dont have any. do you? i almost called you, i cant find any. i was sad : (
Just shocks me that Chris Lofton has not been picked up in the NBA, lots of missed shots in this Hawks/Celtics gm
It was awesome! RT : Thank you all for coming out to watch the show ... Honored to rep
was thinking about travel after our ordeal in egypt. from the outside it looked violent but from inside the people only wanted freedom.
i hate having to wait.
No, that's the traditionally preferred way to obtain bootlegs, actually.
busted, disgusted, never to be trusted
I understand you love Brady, but how bout you show Rodgers some love ya jackass.
so funny- i just saw you retweeted in my twitter stream by ! hope you're well jackie!
It's probably time to finally delete that memepool bookmark. Damn.
Victor Ortiz is a class act.
Thank you to all my sponsors for their support
We hope we will make it there! Keep in touch and spread us around will ya'? <3
ANNIE CAKES I LOVE YOU
Name for a cooking show: "5 Star Kooks"
fabulous rainbow. Thank you!
