fantastic! Don't get it, but it is TX!
ASDFGHJKL Julian is going to be on my t.v ah FINALLY!
how is things with you and your bf i worry about u too
Back to the daily grind
do glad to here your day was amazing at - Dickson. I'm there next week for Easter!
cool! I love it here:)
I was never really a fan of those.
Someone needs to change the laws in Florida. Post haste.
my boy is back!!
Are you available for me to run the key up there?
great day for a 40 mile ride to put me over 1600 since april.
I listened to your Liberate session today and bawled my eyes out at work so, thank you. (No but seriously, thank you!)
there are 3 general features of crime; those include actus reus, mens rea, and concurrence
It would start pouring as soon as i walk outside -_-
Sometimes we forget that it's called the movie BUSINESS. Problem is sometimes the folks that make BUS decisions make ones we dont' like
Overheard: "Iron Cross - that's a Christian band right?"
ok kewl what kinda keyboard do u have
All macgyver needed was a hairpin
I am glad this love affair isn't happening in my house!
Needle hitting skin Ya...I'm getting inked
make sure to belt the shit out of it
The Solution: an interstate bicycle delivery by of CDs in exchange for crepes on the way back home
When you smile, I smile.
hello bieber *-* ._.
Saturday 5/23 there's a Free Kids Safety Day in Wilsonville at the Fun Center Free Safe Assured ID Kits for kids while supplies last
"God, if you don't bring my Lisa back safe.. Ants will burn tonight."- Nelson
#CaliforniaPizzaKitchen! By far the best pizza I've ever had :) #Yumyumyumyum!
I think I love eating more than you haha
heehee, you were right! Yaya told me she has the warranty papers, not you!! :X Ooopsie!! I so a-sorry, mama patita!
I think Glen should have shot the fat guy in the bar having the sheriffs back!
I honestly think my kids are escaped zoo animals. Lol
Thanks for following my tweets! I'm looking forward to following you too! Be blessed, Cindy K
It's hard to get a straight answer out of me..how can I give one when shit constantly happens
The only people who never fail are those who never try. -Mone
But I can't settle for less not anymore.
and don't forget orioles in first place?! Wtf!
Exactly! RT : "Visit Your Relatives Day!" Nothing like visit (especially to a favorite family member) instead of phone call.
Dig it! MT : For Christmas, I just try to go out of my way to help out anyone who needs it
Follow back shorty
I'm never having kids.
bored but I can't go to bed because I have spin class in like 2 hours lmao. hru bb?
driving from dallas to san francisco....
I started to change the channel and was liek y does the name sound so familiar and then i saw cher
#Democratic Party attacks #mothers who hold together the American #family. #DNC hypocrisy! RT
So how many of you have already bought SHATTER ME? (RT!)
MTV TRUE LIFE TONIGHT @ 10PM!!!
Cities are connectives. Superlinear. People aren't trying to be more efficient, there's just more social density. -
How do I get the porn stars to stop following me?
One look.... Was all it took.
SWAG ME OUT BITCH!!!!!!
Vampires don't like the light. It makes us sparkle. haha
we got a STANDING OVATION at the end of the show!! :)
yeah my #sizzlers loves me<333
They are available in bars, blocks, discs and chips
You should hear my cat.
lol it was the only one playing now. Sorry love, I'll make it up to u
RT : Seize this moment & become timeless.<=synchronizeNOW
That's what bench riders do. They hate. That still didn't stop the Grit n Grind. Tell them to hate on. We're on a mission.
Hey great situational hitting! 8 runners left on base/0 runs Hey , great 4th quarter! No points in the last 4 & a half mins
But tonight imma love you like there's no tomorrow
I'm sorry, I see no reason for Jack Hannahan to be playing 1B for the Tribe. It is an offensive position and Hannahan's bat is offensive.
When real big girls be wearing UGGs they look like socks smh lol....
"We won because we showed up to play." #sh*tathletessay
June 29 at Lindner Family Tennis Center in Mason. Send email to .com or follow for DM for full details
Follow your High!! Stay
Good leaders rarely think in terms boundaries; instead, they think in terms of opportunities.
Growing salads...and tossing them...hold your comments!! PHB fish fry in FULL EFFECT!!!!
I hate makeup
i only know two people in that league and they all talk shit, you will be offended
DJ On1 Coming To A City Near You
Regular naps prevent old age... especially if you take them while driving.
Farewell by J. Cole has been giving me life all day. The instrumentation is everything, especially the violins. Hadn't noticed them before.
I really dislike you.
This Starbucks in Westwood Village is ca-razy busy! Must be 4 p.m...
You know, when you post something and then you have to confirm your email? Hate waiting.
Romans 6:14 For sin will have no mastery over you, because you are not under law but under grace.
I made a new term "Indigenestion" (in-dig-i-nest-shun) term 4 when non-indigenous folk have trouble processing indigenous behavior / ideas
I just rode the hamster ball with Eunice LOL
RT if your going to watch Vampire Diaries Tonight!;)
S/O to my new followers and
Undercover Boss is back on the air, I'm excited.
you didnt go to any other concerts like the scream tour?
Man my aunt was sitting on my 200$ headphones like wtf yo
That's my bad y'all
pure sex? What video did you see? Lol 😳
Watching child's play...
Movies and walking around with skylarrrr<3
Tomorrow Never Knows - psychodelic rock experimentation by George Martin and the lads.
Need 2 storytellers for "Scaling the Mountain" 9/22 and 2 for "Under the Influence" 10/10! Send ideas ASAP to
At the airport way early. Got checked out by a cute pilot! It's the little things in life that make me happy. LOL!
Thanks, this is really powerful!
LinkedIn? Need to track your doings since Poynter? How'd your matzo balls taste? Smelled your kitchen here in NY!
just threw down! is currently tearing it up. Melismatics on at midnight here at Empty Bottle in Chicago.
How Was Your Birthday Mom? :)
Thank goodness. RT : Chris Brown got rid of the blonde.
Like our team so far...Carlos Gonzalez, Mike Napoli and Dustin Ackley are the highlights.
Just say yes to Mimosas
#fandoms I've read in - Doctor Who, Russell/Holmes, but my first love is HP - is in full, glorious swing right now
I'm surprised Cerner isn't a choice...not a bad list though, thanks.
should have known, there's an app for everything!
what did google do that's evil
The Florida Panthers will look to make it 4 wins in a row tonight against the Buffalo Sabres. The Panthers are the favorites, -130 on the ML
RT : Q1) How do you define social learning?
Who ever had 'they pretend to drink along with us' has to drink now
I hear you're on 4x12 now... Working tonite?
What is it that you want? Are you so desperate to bring a teenage girl down by hating on her from behind your computer?
another day another dollar
Saturday night = drinking night. #ItsAboutTimeThat you get weird
nah cus I just bought it when I got off work its in the station on 168th
#Badgers MT Learned from a source who was in a track meet in NJ that Ron Dayne's state record in the discus finally fell today
oh okay
WOW looks so HOT wearing that hot pink long dress with the leg cut open
I know this bc this is the first time your store has asked in awhile. I'm 31 years old.
witlows. Rooftop. Body shots
Be Blessed today and be a Blessing to someone else:o.
#badarchivists make manuscript origami.
I may just like it so your "threat" isn't threating =p
Any friends/colleagues at the CDS Meeting this week? What are you looking forward to? What are your goals? We'd love to hear them!
glad u like that Bru!
I have so much to say just dont know if I should
If/When you do tour a city on a segway, please share photos on
Saw it. Pretty good. And I wore my special shirt.
congrats, future one-percenter!
Don’t find fault, find a remedy. ~Henry Ford
im crying because i cant. I live so far away. :((((
#digitaltext Video feedback is done. Check your email for more info. See you Friday at 10 am in CB 3 1.312
Secret Stall Tues @ Sonic #Baltimore - Free T-shirt If u park in lucky stall & spend $10+. Guess stall-hints: Either stall 10,11,12,13,14.
Join us for a coffee break in 3 minutes!! Dial-in number (347) 855-8377
Ready to get some NINER FOOTBALL going!!
Dear Students, Thx for being forced to take our tests. We make mad cash each time you do. -- Your friends, Pearson execs.
Parting thought: life would be much simpler if everyone molded their plans around me.
i couldn't be nice it feels like leading you on
i'm glad I got to see you that last time. Shit.
The American Poultry Association is becoming overrun with mouthy amateur poultry fanciers who think they know poultry but do not.
TRAFFIC - Crash - Park St Onramp to EB Belt - Police on the scene
nope she would never lie to me!
#favchildhoodtvshows rugrats, eliza thornberry, courage the cowardly dog <3
The lady working in mobile at #bestbuy in perrysburg was just a total beotch to me on the phone. I guess she has a bad case of the Mondays
I think of horses...don't ask
Whew! We've been absent from twitter for awhile! Busy putting together events like this one for Austin moms and moms2be:...
“: You can't win a marathon without putting some band aids on your nipples!” So True..
Shouldn't you be encouraging good ass health?
Are you gonna delete the tweet that I tweeted?
ayo the flyest rapper in the room yeah you know its :)
I was gonna buy bambi's birthday present today but my mom is always making me pay for everything
Ah, - you are funny. haha
exactly! I use to weigh 217 now I'm at 195 I'm trying to get to 150. I know I can do it, I just need that extra push from sum1
Thanks KA! We will be back, often. After all, our tweenager will still have H-town roots...
INFO LINE RINGING OFF THE HOOK ABOUT #BODI TONIGHT. KEEP EM COMING 9192017251
don't be that type of person. Your acting like a child Tyler
Thank you -- muahz!
At DIA with -our delay now 3.5 hrs. Who's got a hidden gem tip for DIA for us?
I appreciate the tip--very No Country for Old Men.
" 30 minutes down and my voice is holding up! My fingers are crossed for the next 2 hours" u look good, that's what matters ;)
Is this from OKCupid?
o fareal I ain't no cheap hoe doe
Come to Twins Jazz Club tonight to check out some incredible music 1334 U st NW doors open at 8!
St. Bart's. just amazing place. I can't get my head out of it!!
In #nosework seminar: "the hunt becomes self-rewarding". Just like #geocaching!
Ok, flying for the first time in 3 years in the am. Any new rules I should be aware of? Can you tweet from planes yet?
wow call to turn it on, she will be your Doctor Doctor he needs you bad! Someone will save you, =-O :-\ :-) :-D
My favorite animal is steak. Fran Lebowitz
make everything a competition even the idea of bringing a pen! Positive, over exaggerated motivation, respect, visual stimuli.
Christianity is the religion of the wealthy and the strong! You liberal poors, go to boodism and stop occupying my country.
Yeah it's real!!! She want the dick
Re: BHM - tell me about it.
love that song <3
Can see where my head is. Read this as meaning making young authors appear older :)
today! Looking forward to great programs and fabulous weather in SF Bay Area...hope you can join us!
I need that girl in my life
I lost my favorite coffee cup - the one I use every morning. it's really throwing me off
your on a bracelet
all of the above.
Rest in the FAITHFULNESS and goodness of God!
Thanks Lisa! It was great to meet & run with you too! Following you right back! :-)
It's beginning to look a lot like
I'm about to go through the TSA checkpoint in Little Rock with three pounds of bacon for Is bacon prohibited? Y'all wish me luck.
Is anyone starting to lose faith in the ?
me too
"...and I was always outrageous." - Janis Joplin. Enjoy Marfa & then your trip to Cali for your Janis Joplin adventure!
#sdmayornp Carl's up next at bat
LOL, i wish it had been. he was insufferable!!
We love to have feedback for spainish schools about the use of symbaloo as Personal learning enviroment. To adjust,change or improve
Love you too!!💜
I have City Directories here that will list her...what was her name?
who orders a frappuccino so early in the morning..sounds like me
Cooking channel has wonderful tips for delicious and easy dishes. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME alton brown
This weekend would be perfect!!!! I'm free Sat. or after I work at Club Fri. night if you want to do a night out!
Ooh, Quick-Miller-Schneider? Or even Quick-Miller-Campbell? This pleases me greatly.
LOL it's now making its way to my other neighbor's balcony....squeezing between the little gap between the railing & the wall
how many staff members to leave now? There has got to be more to the story than people just switching careers.
"Abstract Expressionist value expression over perfection, the unknown over the known, and the inner over the outer." (William C. Seitz)
giving up an extra bedroom. But in Austin it is sunny over 300 days a yr and warm enough to swim April-Oct
And thank you as well!
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America
thinks that beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer
Jesus remembers when others forget!! You're not forgotten God knows your name, address & everything about u #encourageyourself Breakthrough!
Can I get a RT from my favorite bball player???
Overheard at: BarnesAndNoble Cafe: Could I just have a seltzer water please? ...cont...
KP is gonna start to need bubble wrap come playoff time.
My hair is NEVER nappy and if I need a comb you need a new face my dude Louis does NOT wanna try me talking bout he look like Chris brown
Derrick Rose is shooting 41 percent since the all star break. Lebron has shot 58 percent. Rose has been great, but not MVP
First tweet of the day. Tweet.
Happy to say I am in my studio working today. What will you create this week?
Oh god, thank you give me a chance to live
A strong woman knows how to keep her life in line she never give up ! never cry even in bad times always say I'm good #Real women !!
Officially done with classes till the Fall! Shit, I still have finals.
Amen in the name god!!....i found me a church :D OwnsMyHeart:)
Maybe, emo kid, if you wouldn't wear such tight jeans, you would not be forced to walk like your nuts are crushed.... Because they are...
4 days til I get 2 C the wonderful face of my lover. I've had 2mths to get my house in order & Now I have 4 days
(when god was making my boyfriend) God: "i'll just sprinkle a little perfection" *whole bottle comes out* God: "whoops. Oh well :)"
I just omitted my pants.
For all of those that pray or hope on here, please do either for my uncle, he's in the hospital and needs all the support he can get. <3
The west is the best
Keep up the great work followers! Help us reach 715 followers and we will send drink credits to those who do and msg us their email address!
#beachboysmusic a way of life, a Southern California philosophy for a generation The music of my life!
PJ, you're being a bit harsh towards GayP, don't you think?
Heck yeah, I love that tune. Props to Pandora!
YUP ON A CLOUD
Better than your work. RT Day 32 since Mayor of Milwaukee was asked about what he'd do w/budget. Still no answer.
Thanks for the follow !
“: this weekend. Big star. #youin? ” 2 weekends is bigstar.
yea....thanks for telling me that.....
Camera phones come in handy. How did we live without them?
Listen to "Right By My Side" always reminds me of
OMG hahaha the notes you guys left on my boxes! :D
RT @: RT : Right now you have 3 fingers behind your phone, your pinky tucked under for support, and you're scro ...
You think I'm doing this to make you jealous And I know that you hate to hear this But this is not about you anymore.. 😊
Veronica Mars, you are such a clever gal. New tv obsession...
Can I just mention, Freddie's, a little low on cheap wine. Easter. Ta da.
Willie Nelson and Tony Bennett. ;)
Fell into tickets for John Zorn Masada Marathon tonight. can't wait
Another example of how exhibit label editing is difficult: RT : Yup. RT : You this read wrong.
Just got my first ever berating for telling him to hurry up (whole table was) when he was 10 min in the tank on a 15bb nl jam
On the road again-- because I live to drive and I drive to eat!
Looking for a C#/.Net Developer. Bloomington, Indiana. #Perm #C# #ASP.NET #DHTML #XML Client will pay for clearance. http://
bethany, we need to meet now. ford, i'll be seeing you in 3 weeks..hopefully!
Happy birthday Mackenzie! Can't believe it's been 11 years.
lab/husky mix. He's a weird dude.
People saying they have swag makes me vomit
A very happy #SuperBowlSunday twitterverse! Predictions??
Pinterest is great, but highly addictive!
Good stuff. Thanks!
Big Bank Roll!!!!!
Pleased to announce I will be playing at King King in Los Angeles on April 26th with Lynx & Salva as part of a Do Lab event!ow.ly/9QNxR...
Red English 👟
I have yet to get a personalized auto dm. It's 100% spam.
Avengers may possibly be the best movie ever!!!
My accountant is a goddess
dis exposing page so bold&i go tew school wit one of them smh i feel bad for them dats y u shud be careful who u send pics tew
I'll be at #ImagineRIT volunteering :-) good choice of something to do on a Saturday I #roc - only happens once a year!
Helter Skelter covers and mostly naked women.
Really? The worst part of a kid selling his kidney for an iPad and iPhone is that he could have gotten a laptop too?
Currently having a long text conversation with We are in the same house. The 21st century has ruined us.
lol he's super sweet and nice though
lol congratulations to niall is his relationship and zayn too. haha i heard on the radio earlier....but anyways good for them :)
lmao it sound good but yeah I guess I'm a be ready
well, the tampoline was VERY #interesting with
have an extra ticket. Fly to Chicago. Lol! Fun times!
“: I've never seen drunk folks so excited for praying. Cheers as Tebow Tebows.”.
... If it starts becoming sunny though that'd be nice
That last tweet could be used against me in a court of law.I didn't do shit Mr. Government people.
RT : I'm the only coon watching BET -_- no I am two
how's it going?
this is insane. Please appeal the #caseyanthonyverdict. I'm sick to my stomach.
love that the available 'library' position in this city is for a custodian...
“: Working out(:” like always (:
I will definitely visit again. Wonderful service and now #1 on my spa list. I highly recommend the spa escape.
are getting down and dirty at the Buddy Ride and Run in Chicago!
true?“: Just confirmed that Clippers Season Tickets are sold out. Believed to be the first time in team history.”
Who's the meaning of life? Sexual wednesday. I can't wait till Wednesday.
Wed/ tomorrow 7pm THE NEXT ONE TO FALL @ Mysteries to Die For, Thousand Oaks. Sweet lady, dynamite writer!
My friend is trying out for the x factor. Any tips if she gets in?
Life is a journey, travel it well
~ Oh.. Okay. I have sent them to twitter: Hope it helps..Any others O wlil send via email:-)
here we go. Thanks for reaching out to us. Felice Navidad.
Henwood originally agreed to do the panel. but I guess his bad blood w/ Berman and dislike of the RCP got to him
Happy Christmas! <3 HP
Yu must think yu ah mermaid now!!!
Women's History Month is here! We recognize the late Mertie Buckman for providing the initial spark 17 years ago to start
I really want to do #COVERTHENIGHT !
Can someone remind me on Saturday to GET MY FREAKING HAIR CUT.?
Looking forward to the launch party this weekend.
OUTspoken Radio Loves ya!! xoxoxo
It helps me sleep easy.
homework now.
Tomorrow starts a new month and also gives you a chance for a fresh start! Make October your best month..need help? Just ask:)
tonight's the night! Crashing Cars Online EP Release!
Hi can yu please please follow me I just found out that ur shutting dwn ur twitter accts .. Nd it would mean alot if yu fllw me
Thought of Kubrick's 2001, with the apes and monolith. Them trying to comprehend a puzzle is like mom trying to figure out a DVD player.
You guys need to stop taking pictures and focus in school!
So sad I couldn't make it! Had other engagements. Let me know when the next one is...
comedy is a good thing!! So, YES, bringing you along sounds like a great idea. :)
Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
My TL is blowing up
#InstantTurnOn mature women
So much in the works! Some awesome deals shooting up next.. plus GoGeddit TV!
Lol I jus had to see hw it felt and it made me feel cool
LeBron James accepted the MVP award without his headband
So not feeling it today.
Can we also therefore say, unhappy marriage, unhealthy heart?
Not much makes me smile more than a call from my mom just to chit chat about nothing.
I'm so sleepy.
It hasn't been. It's really the only issue where I'm completely unwilling to listen to the other side's viewpoint.
only a teacher could post this. I could tell you stories!
I'm absolutely thinking about my lunch plans. Hoping will be near the Inner Harbor today.
nobody is. You don't have to be perfect to make someone happy.
. Thanks for asking. It was meant to be. How was my lady?
What do you think of the various p90x nutrition plans?
follow me alli? (:
glad you're diggin the tunes! Thanks for the support.
well just give me luck for finding that one girl i gtg k
This week is going so SLOW -____-
Interviewing candidates for endorsements at the SD County GOP Executive Committee meeting.
you shouldn't be on twitter?
oh ard. i just hope you know they're getting fucking cooked in the finals.
'Tis true. We've been GSU for longer, y'know. RT : On an unrelated note, regarding "real GSU" please see website: www.gsu.edu
Our correspondence with his girlfriend looks more like mad ravings of the two.
Speaking at the flemming steak house..tulsa. Oklahoma tonight 6:30 pm
Watching Tangled. so cute :-)
Hell. Yes. That. Truth!
Even grumpier than yesterday. Only been up for about an hour, already pissed off 3 of my 4 family members
Thanks! If you're in the Baltimore area and are interested in volunteering to teach a follow-up lesson, let us know!
I would quit if that were true!
Great day to write music! Working on the next album now...
Might hit the rec today. Spare no nigga
Do you donate airfare tix to charitable organizations? We would love to offer SouthWest tix as part of our Fall Fundraiser!
#follow to be an official MF'er. Im going to be!
We must adapt to changes and allow our work to reflect these changes in it's own right! www.leocortesstudios.com
haha! RT“: agreed wtf you'd think it came with an old woman to beat the laundry on a rock at the stream #dayum”
re rrvbc yes, I'm speaking. no one has asked me but I usually call it.. Oh no, not another hat! Social media 4 sm biz
I hope I did well on this test... :o
-.- yes. If Selena followed me
I actually like seeing those shots. I sometimes get a sense of the artist's workspace which is interesting.
-- most likely, even if its only one.....ok you know its coming...what's yours?
I had so much funn with and i loved the ustream it was so funny
#preswk12 activist archivists event at NYU happening now!
I know I know! I just had to try it!
Watching #Hoarders! EEk. So so so gross!
as a cowboy fan I hate to admit it but Reese is the man!
Thanks for the RT Colleen! Here's to you shining!
Very ironic that there's a Patron racing team commercial telling us to not drink and drive.
good and u ?
lol yeah i love her personality.
Charleston International Film Festival starts tomorrow night, Wed, April 11! "Perhaps Tomorrow" Sottile Theatre @ 5PMSat,April 14
Its drink a glass of water tuesday
Undefeated 4 years champss, let's go hawks ;)
What's a bounty hunter?!
cost of billboard
So sad I'm missing out on #SMCsea tonight!! :(
Those sound like a lot of fun, thanks!
awesome!! Thanks!
By the way, thanks to all the fake porn accounts for following. So cool of you...
the last thing I need is beauty product, but id say yes just to hang out:) btw ive never tried the liquid! We don't sell it:(
your icon and backround.A+++++ like always ;)
Working on a new client Mobile App that connects to the user's e-commerce shopping account for an online gift store...in time for Black Fri!
actual convo w/coworker: "an elephant. for your penis" me: "you mean underwear?" her: "yes!"
done and followed :)
I Hope That Dude Know He Looked A Hot Mess
#backinelementaryschool when everything was just EASY.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
[ ]Single [ ]Taken [✔] Band Members
RT : Friday night the best party is at !! Mix live See you Tonight Miami !!!
What up, bro? Long time!
The Purple Peanut Armada returns to the Strand on Sept 17. Show starts at 8pm.
...and you are yet to realize your potential.
USD Threatens Bearish Channel- Index Eyes 9950 as Techs Point Higher
Great meeting you at #IHSMDC!
Today's a barbecue day.
Did you drink anything noteworthy there?
Is it shallow that I love "The September Issue?"Had the whole Bassai editorial saved to my harddrive without even knowing about this film...
Future goals include working for #SNL having my own comedy show; and being happy. I am almost there. I can feel it.
Happy International Waffle Day!!!! #waffle waffle!
what date is the projected Darvish and Wilson match up?
I want mine done
Your welcome luv RT : thank you!!! xo
I still love you! And you've beat me tons of times!
well I think I'll stop wearing iy
is that ludacris because e does look like Jordan?!:)
Hes fly. But why his girl look like that? YIKES
Just teared up after Rachel's performance. omg
When you realize that the beast is actually within each of you!
Steaming clothes like crazy for the photoshoot on Sun!
3 years ago today the #RedSox scored 12 runs in the 6th inning and beat the #Indians 13-3.
76 degrees out and loving it!
Happy hour going on until 7pm, $5 drinks & $5 appetizers!!! Karaoke Night starts @ 7pm hosted by comedian & DJ Reds!!!
Lunch today?
#dtc with Angela, anyone down??
Lupe Fiasco's song "All Black Everything" doesn't make any sense. If everything was black, no one would be able to see shit!
they wrote an article about you? "Three Franchise Industries to Watch in 2012" - my personal prediction danfran
there are so many cancer cures that are being slow walked by the FDA it is crazy
Wolverines making me nervous. Let's #GoBlue!!!! We need to rally right now!
is there an i love louis t-shirt there?xx
yo!what's good man idk if u remember me from west orange we hung at Juliens I'm up n NYC too! Respect 4 what your doing brotha!
hey! how long does shipping normally take? I'm patiently waiting for my shirt :)
See you soon!
If i could rewind time i would still have wanted to learn my lessons ive learned but in a different way
Rhianna California Kingbed. I like her when she sensitive and Vanurable
Is it too early to start listening to holiday music? With this weather I think not!
Who watched Stick and Move Dance Crew members dance last night on America's Got Talent? Represent!!!
whhy thank you (:
did the person who wrote this post on terrible clients use his real name? Is that normal in the design world?
And make them take home leftovers. MN Nice has a dark side, yeeeeaaaah!
If I wrote u a love letter wld u write back?
Space in between your eyebrows, #nobrainer RT : Thinking about getting a tattoo but can't decide what to have Calvin pee on.
how can i help
Leadership is understanding that to influence anyone's actions, you must first help them shift their perspective.
Man you are combative huh?
Hello tweet family! Hope you're having a blessed Saturday.
Book idea: airport novel that takes place entirely in an airport over 24 hours. Including all the boredom. How many pages would it be?
With the deed done (voting) at #lpco12 it's time to relax.
“: You looked so PRETTY ! & your dress is Gorgeous ! (:” thanks hun !
do you have any info on the reports of a person pulled from the water near the Key Bridge in Georgetown an hour ago???
#Dontactlikeyounever had a dream about someone and woke up hating them.
Money for nothing. And the chicks for free.
I love going to brewsters! #singing <3
A man should make all he can, and give all he can. - Nelson Rockefeller
I just left practice with
Silver Fork Best Breakfast winner, The Mission, is on #KUSI this morning cooking up some new soy dishes! Don't miss it! 9:40am!
Yup!:D
If you plan to vote for the guy who says he's going I shut DC down, that HAS been said -- by !!
My old facebook account got wiped out as it was connected to my email at work. I'm back on but not very motivated to build it back up.
On March 29, 2012, President Obama announced his intent to nominate Douglas M. Griffiths as the US Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique.
Hey - are you aware that last night's #MadMen still isn't available on demand? So disappointing, yet again.
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
screw mediocre burritos! EAT BURGERS!
is hilarious
looks like the schedules are down again.
Ready 2 go
In one week and I drove through eight states. And I'm not talking piddly Northeast states. These were rectangle states.
Cannot believe that finish in the Coca Cola 600 @ @
AT THE END OF THE 3RD QUARTER...SPURS STILL WINNING 73-61
safe travels my friend! Find the albino peacock for me! Get weird. See you in the forest.
#Atlantis countdown to resume ... #Nasa ...
Hi Lorena. Do you know where I can find a list of open union positions advocating for employees?
Ten days till at Galaxy CDs in Hamilton! Only $8 presale at or
Japan beats US 1-0 to advance to Algarve Cup final Megumi Takase scored on a header in the 84th minute, and world champion Japan beat the
meet me between b and c at 9:20 bitch
RT : FUN! all day planning our cowboy bordello steampunk party for #SXSW and our #openData gaming contest
I love the sound of early morning snow: the world is holding its breath, waiting for something wonderful to happen.
radio event in Lafayette, then relaxing for the rest of the day with da boss lady!
Congrats to The Good Wife team for finishing another amazing season.
I know it's wrong, but when Charlie Sheen dies, can we smoke him? He could be the cure for cancer:)
Fun times! I got to be a bride for a photo shoot - gorg dress! & Mariko Ballentine's class on Perception was extremly helpful on topic! :)
thinking about pynchon. cat hair on my black shoes.
Hahaha oh Alex.<3 "I'm about to strip down to my.. to my nothin."
Any recommendations for the best thrift store for furniture in #ROC?
#NeVer Hatin' NeVer Thirsty#
#ireallymiss the good times we used to have together
jk that would be uncalled for no but really.
uuh traffic (-.-) . . Good luck getting out of that :):)
Casa De Lara offers a diverse dining menu and an extensive selection of Mexican Beers and Famous Margaritas. www.dealoria.com
#Lawlorffs are awesome(; Haha i love how this is trending(:
Can't wait to hit up the movies Saturday
TONIGHT!! DreamWorld Music Complex & Score's Bar & Grill..Ow!
if you have any questions about this please go to help.ateamo.com and we can assist you.
I've always loved this track! “: Rediscovering why my favorite piece to date is "Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence"”
I kind am starting to feel like it's not the same
What are you reading my status for?Don't you have your own? Beside I don't like sharing! MOM Their looking at my status tell them to stop!!
Awesome! Can't be your first time, right?
What racist allegations MUST Obama disavow to satisfy you? Zimmerman is a racist per his conduct and words on the 911 tape!
sleepy time
awesome progress! I am in chapter twelve, but true confessions I only started today. We can make it!!
“: swaggn”You Know Me Bro!!!!
I hate that pompous smirk gives as he walks down those stairs onto the stage. He ain't all that.
you just owned me friend
And every single sentiment applies to mainstream America. *AND* I didn't see a single other headline on any other topic about black America
sorry didn't adopt leon. I hope he's back in Minnesota.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
We set your campaign an e-mail about our Congressional Candidate Forum on May 3rd. Hope to hear back from you!
THE ARE NOT GOING OUT WITH 8 FLAVHAZ . they said it yesturday : )
#ShitIDontUnderstand why some females put shit load of makeup just to go jogging or to the gym...
I believe that was a tornado siren. I'm assuming to warn me to Tweet from the safety of my basement where I'm commonly found, Tweeting.
hows your day going molly?
Yes. It's up to date. I spoke to your manager over though email
Enjoy the rest of your run of The Color Purple. You all create a magical performance.
Stranded wiith Tams...
my exes name is Brendan who said it was David
JSYK stands for "just so you know." JSYK
hi i remember C:
Sowie guys! I ( ) apparently can't read a calender- NOT CLOSED TONITE. That's tomorrow. Mea culpa!
Jess! Long time no talk - how are things going?? We need to catch up!
My book On Track to the Kingdom is now available as an e-book so drop by amazon and download =)
I predict lobbying & legislating will be a bit sluggish tomorrow.
I had forgotten that Aziz Anzari plays the grocer who "won't sell an apple to a kiwi" on Flight of the Conchords
I love it! Thank you for sharing!
#VAWA passes US Senate, 68-31. Thank you to those who voted in favor of protecting victims of violence.
Fuck commitment let's just fuck like gorillas.
denisa said that u were getting divorced
Time for Reds fans to relax... Bad start, but only 2 wks in! We will pick it as will Latos (too damn good).. Leave alone...
Leaving today on a trip to London and will bring a copy of Test Drive Your Future with us for photo ops. Cheers!
#Actors - Jason Wood casting 14 roles for The Protector. Download Actsophia on your iPhone and use the Projects Casting feature for details.
Omg brianna is singing while we're standing in this hallway
when and where is the Jags NFL draft party?
Might as well enjoy the Breezy Life...!
“ Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female's trait..”
only 2 days til christmas yay :D merry christmas happy holidays everyone!!!! cant wait for #smackdown :D WWWYKI
Thanks for the retweet! See you on State Street in Madison today!
That being said, Grace Jones is awesome.
- Awesome! Honestly, is a favorite brewery of mine, I've had 17 of their brews, so far. Enjoy, cheers!
jammed room but looking forward to it
An #HISD student with "two dads" is chastising Rodriguez for "homophobic" campaign ad.
Uggh I feel that, sister!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 14
ZOMY, then there's the Internet, which is 15x faster than in Oz!
Check out WWW.GOGETTERENT.COM for Diva & GQ of the week!
I appreciate the retweet.
San Francisco giant fans don't know baseball...
So My Ex Still Likes Me & His Friend Likes Me... Hhhmmmm Too Bad U Had Ur Chance I'm Movin On Hunney!!! Maybe I'll Go Out With Ur Homie XD
Wine-induced emails are my favorite! Those tickets are calling your name...
Thanks for loving me but I can't love u back. Sorry:(
Happy Mother's Day to all of the Mothers; step-Mothers; Grandmothers and Great-grandmothers! Have a wonderful, joy filled day! XO
congratulations! Monkey clit's a new one for me. And as Mistress of the Vulgar, that's a FEAT, son!
dinner, wine and Ice cream!!! Woohoo!! It was a crazy sat for me :)
have a good one see u in a few weeks
Indians lead it over the A's 2-0 coming into the top of the 4th
lol man yeahh . had me lookin TOO dumb outside .
Karma is a bitch, well just make sure that bitch is beautiful ✨
About time for some retail therapy action...
''ima tell little luis to come, then all the hoes will be there, he only got one dick.... the other girls are for me''
Twilight marathon- Yay! Bad back- Boo! I'll just call this day a wash.
RT : Worth mentioning: Google will actually THROW OUT releases with headlines too short or long.
Monday guys senior night
Will Chipper Jones be a Hall of Famer
soup? no x
samesies. They're drinks are okay...but I wouldn't consider it a destination spot.
Red Bull gives you wings. . . Fuck that Pills give you wings to your own world.
2 years ago,you wore a shirt and it said I<3JB.they said "you like the Jonas brothers?Now u wear that shirt.they say"u like Justin Bieber!?"
Texting the most amazing person in the world
True love = spouse who comes home to work the afternoon so I didn't have to drag all the kids to the dr for the sick one's appt!
I am gonna be so mad next year of we don't have any classes together
They couldn't pick different colors to play with so they stole the Spurs. Yeah that's very creative! SMH
i just wanna go home is that so bad
Congrats Rick Hendrick on 200 wins!
no I haven't
Use screen options to reduce the clutter in the post interface.
First day of school wasn't that bad . :)
lol nno you me logan kendall an james can go to the bahamas for a vacation
Studio upgrades, several on going projects and new music. You bring out the best in me. Thanks
still cute even with my beautiful eyes closed.
Studio mixes, dance rehearsal, scheduling meetings... all in a days work!
Write tiny Twitter poems! As @ replies. It can be your next chapbook.
“: My hair is way too thick for my own good😳 #needahaircut”
any bloggers wanna trade links???
he won't give it up freakin prud
#NOH8 is right. I may prance & giggle, but I don't f*ck around. ;-)
k. I gotta go flat iron the fuck out of my hair for work.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
This is my idea of lovely weather
Not going to lie, I'm definitely not soft when I watch Derrick Rose play
thanks for the follow, hope you'll check out our site and join our mailing list!
pretty much agree with these except CFB Live. That's laughable. Also, ATH is not in First Take's league relevancy-wise
oh it's no problem! I was just upset about it in the moment. It's hard to find parking at 8 30am. Thanks though I appreciate it!
you will do fine on the mcas just eat before u take it
Why are there still artists who don't have websites?
Love you all Good Nite!. Schooooooolllll tomorrow 4 me:-) :-)
Our pleasure. Thank you for all you do in our community!
One of the biggest drivers of romantic attraction is the element of uncertainty.
THAT. WAS. AWESOME!
FOLLOW ME!♥♥♥
check my man out
Grounded for the week for skipping class, fuuuuuuuuuck
RT : #NoKidHungry Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley has pledged to make his state the first to end childhood hunger.
Ah the hot guys from Teen Wolf are in the crowd at ABDC!
I would be pretty stoked out of my mind. but its okay, dont worry about it!
I loved Cabin. It didn't scare me, but it was so funny and certain scenes definitely made me jump.
Lmfaooo omg i cant help it . he loves me too <3
: #1761. You shouldn't have to tell people you're going hard at the gym. If you are, people will be able to tell.
this just keeps gettin worse my finger broke the tv brok and im gettiin more and more pissed!!! Ah!!!!
That's Cool (:
The Avengers was simply amazing
Thanks, of what?
Thanks to all making abuzz with Christmas busy-ness!
Still collecting the most creative Headcheese recipes! Email for the chance to win free product.
hope solo - pay attention. that was a soft goal :( now tied 1-1
"I sailed my ship of safety til I sank it."
were amazing as always!
CHILDREN ARE NEVER ALLOWED IN FAMILY COURT DURING A DIVORCE ONLY IN VERY RARE CASES. NATIONWIDE COURTS FIND IT IS NOT IN THEIR BEST INTEREST
Nobody cares anymore.
Thanks for the follow Felecia! We seem to share a similar philosophy regarding our products!
Had a good night of practice. Routine = achieved.
Painting sets in the sunlight all afternoon...
#sloancres What strategies are non-programmers using to create sims/games? Hiring programmers to work with the educators? Something else?
Game got sicker.. Now it's just badeucey/badacey with a mandatory 1000 straddle.
nah his last name is Bryant
If there's ever an agreement for a global 'Emmy,' (Al Jazeera English) wins for Libya coverage. And more. AJ's too.
Nope. I want a cat.
Okay guys I'm showing up to church in last nights outfit and smelling of beer >.< this is why I'm going to hell
So Please Follow Me.
After all you and I both know experiences also teach children. Tweet me anytime. Tweet! Tweet!
Where's the best florist in Seattle?
wow that's awesome
If there's nothin' missin' in my life, then why do these tears come at night?
#drunkentweets are on!!!
RT and mob murdering coachella as we speak.
I see "public scholarship" as a little less loaded than "public intellectual"--not an identity but a set of provisional acts.
Only as many as I could try when I was there in Apr. I was partial to "my" corner bakery on Rue de Mezieres & Rennes in 6th Arr
you so got it right on the spot!
"We be All Around the World"
“: "Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first." [love that ]
Hopefully everything lines up and I kill it at bowling.
At the store buckle and there playing you me at six<3
Happy Opening Day! Giants defending the Crown
WHO IS KHLEO TOMAS?
I know but I can't wait till he does bec then I sware on all of us mahomies that I will go to his concert AND HIS MEET AND GREET
“: my mom does the best laundry”
The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds
Don't worry, they really don't. ;-)
So excited! My oldest son & his gf will be here from Seattle for a week in June! I have not met Nicole yet. Celebrating my bday 6/13.
We have espresso from Blue Bottle in SF, courtesy of , in 307.
As you should be on such an occasion.
Ok #Ohio basketball..I see you.
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK RELAX YOU WILL GET LOVEN RETURN ITS WHAT I DO
lunch sounds great. Let me know when your free after we hand in our hefty portfolios :)
Happy New Year! Wishing you a gorgeous year!
Thank you to all the activist across California for making ACLU of CA lobby day such a success!
Now that's not very nice. Remember, WWJD?
is sick....... my throat is killing me.
At a charity function. The music is corny.
we need to link on this music isshhh...
happy new year to you
What's up with these torn ACLs in the NFL, NBA, MLB... Can't something be done to strengthen it, so it won't tear so easily!?
is sounding awesome, as always.
i really hate daylight savings time :(
Anyone know of any good biographical resources on Herbert Kegel?
RIP Ryan Dunn u will be miss and even though we can't c u you will always be here with us miss you and love u
Highlighting and note taking in iBooks 2 forwards to automatic study cards? I think "Boom goes the dynamite" is relevant here.
I hate every episode with tree trunks. I just can't stand this damn character. Singular complaint.
Pens v bue jackets at 1. $2 miller lite bottles during the game. $2 ic light bottles all day long
Laugh my butt off sounds Moree like ME :*)
guess the song: i took her out it was a friday night i went alone got the feeling right
vote going in :)
What happened?
Let us give Nature a chance; she knows her business better than we do. ~ Michel De Montaigne
Something in PR or social media... Are you graduating this spring?
its actually kinda scary being sick and having an obstructed airway
Not mentally focused at all. Really had to force myself to run, but managed to do more and go faster. Does it get easier? I hope not.
Do asian balla$ say cha ching
hate this, feeling.
While on vacation last week I made a facebook page for my side work: follow me at Amanda Davidson Photography!
RE: your tweets about FB, it is only a matter of time before marketing moves into a space and then real conversation gets hard
I just got a job offer dependent on a background check. Hopefully, I will hear back soon.
not sure if I told you, but I sold you your engagement ring. :)
Building my Accounting Business...so if you need or know someone who needs a good Accounting Manager, please contact me.
M M M. Shaking my head.
very true. Sounds as of Hammel will miss DL. So essentially down to Eveland and Hunter.
Ladies of San Diego! Check out INTIMACY in Fashion Valley get ur bras fitted CORRECTLY! It's an upgrade u don't have to pay for! Go grls
I'm sick of being fat too... Just a
Cause we are, the same. You save me. When you leave, its gone again.
ill see lol :) so anyways wat you doing?
U think u know when all said and done u dont know anything. not holding back anymore. Be me and dont like it move on.
what's a meat robot?
North coast is on the Bye-bye California list, but the weather is getting crappy fast!
T in full effect! Where's ?!?
still to come: HELL IN A CELL
Rooney you big girl. Same old manc scum always cheating!
hahaha nice! which game are you watchin?
Happy Friday to you too! Be Blessed!
Really need a new phone.
Thanks to all of you on Twitter who retweeted us and mentioned us yesterday.
Don't dictate to your stds - ask them HOW they would like to approach the assignment to make it more exciting/meaningful ... for THEM
Had a great Punkte rehearsal. Time to pack the gear for gig @ Gallery 119 in Lowell.
and my car just went to the shitter. awesome.
Tired of those whack ass beats made from an iphone app -Check out for some real shit - That beat you need for your hit single!
"No women, No cry" - Bob Marley!
News flash on Palin. She's a poll obsessed politician who is concerned about her image. Seriously Today Show?! This is breaking news?!!
QR Code Scanning is Exploding: Scans of QR codes have jumped by 80.2% in the U.S. from just the first quarter of 2011 to the second quarter.
The christmas tree is a holdover from ancient pagan times.
we don't have a TV in our clinic :( Country tunes and manual therapy! :)
Every person is a masterpiece.
The SpankSox come out and bid $14 on Perkins. The Cool Dudes (KidMikey) bid $7 trying to handcuff Nathan and Capps already on his roster.
you have that smile that only heaven can make...
Haberman said minimum price?
Only BLACK people put the kool-aid pitcher back in the refrigerator EMPTY!
Reminds me of a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode. Fortunately for you, not exactly the same thing.
I don't think y'all know how expensive shit is in LA. You gotta have a dating budget in your monthly ledger right next to rent and gas lol.
Listening to stories of Black Women in the Boston media at Simmons College... a great way to celebrate Women's "Herstory" month.
Love you Luvs and Hug your Huggies!
Ha! That's great news. They're a loyal bunch that's for sure. Potential new followers, too!
catching up on episodes. has yours aired yet?
finally the video production is done, and looks great, soon will tell where to go to see it
I would love to cover the beatles... But I could NEVER, I would never do them justice hahah!
Someday you'll miss me like I missed you. Someday you'll need me like I needed you. Someday you'll love me and I won't love you.
2011 #Sundance Film Festival Announces Films in Competition....
A social customer is just a customer, but they know how to leverage the scale and connectivity of social media"
where there is a will there is a way i can't be stopped when i am focused a task
Wow, congrats! Are you still at BBY? I'm doing well, reporting on higher education in New Mexico. Not too shabby.
Why dont his friends tell him he looks stupid af!?
Art buying gets more democratic - Reuters
I opened up myself to the girl I love. . . & instead it broke my heart </3
First win for The Help - Octavia Spencer. Yes.
My ojek verry ugly, crazy, and stupid >:o
The Lakers just ate the Nuggets for dinner!
Ashburn Alley! RT : Get ready for behind-the-scenes content all year. First stop What should I go see? #OpeningDay”
Might be too late but want to support NWF
#imagine Austin:No matter what happens i will always love & dont ever forget that♥ You:I wont *kisses him gently* Both:*smiles* -anna
I just call Best Buy Geek Squad and say 'Help' :-)
CONGRATS BLAKE FANS
Today's lecture is on wisk ferns. It promises to be a
216, row K. I couldn't get anything until 8 minutes after trying. And that's what I got. Poop. Oh well. At least I got in.
I see your genitalia, and I raise you DILDO DILDO DILDO
GURL YOU GOTTA COME TO CAMP
I put on for my city
#IWantToBe someone who consistently is consistent in being a man who leads by example not by words. Bring it 2012!
I'm not sure. So many kids get vaccinated and nothing happens to them. But I don't think we should dismiss it.
I am too dude haha you're not alone!
FREE BASEBALL
Soul touchdown by Tiger Jones. 63-47 Philadelphia with 1 minute left in the game
atleast there is some sort of snow excavation unlike #mke :/
we hope it's a big success! Thanks 4 including
Funny...shows you what I know...and don't knoew!
Good Night;-)
let me know if we can set something up for you and your friends.
Called the score and a goal scorer before the match started...bought lottery tix today...
safe travels! Have a great semester!
Sure does! :) Happy weekend.
#ADMERICA Come to Joe's Crab Shack Friday 3-6pm free music, food, social and Hispanic Marketing.
what bitch u talking about dont b fighting in school
haha thanks girl!
I hate you!
Gettin ready to head out to hartford for warped tour with Beware of Pedestrians!!
A warm bed and The Paris Review.
It wasn't pron. It said "I make good babies."
Health Tips: your sugar addiction will shorten and lower your quality of life.
I love Anthropology.
Just had the most amazing jam session that I've had at Berklee so far...
Can someone be the Will to ny Grace in New York across the hall from me in our fab apartments?
was hypnolarious! So much better than no strings attached.
Didn't see him today :P Main reason today sucked :\
Greg Livadas () just came through the department with a big bag of tacos from the newly-opened Mighty Taco to share.
Thanks 4 following! :-)
I really liked the chicken quesadillas thanks for sponsoring our event at the
#FF thanks for the love today!!
Ed Liddy was an incompetent idiot and puppert of Paulson's. I want to extract all of my money from their personal wealth. Lawsuit time
so George W Bush in no way supported the agenda George HW Bush who in no way supported agenda of Prescott Bush?
thanks Ben! I'll definitely take you up on it
musicians workshop! “: RT #BMITip 64: Learn the ins and outs of BMI’s royalty system. << we need help with this”
Hit 40 hours 2 hours into tomorrows shift, man OT work is its own 5 hour energy, you feel rejuvenated.
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Columbia Square for a great pastry!
Last rumor was that I'm a lesbian. Now it's that I'm pregnant. Good God, can't a 17 year old be a virgin for once?
appreciate the RT. We're looking forward to following along with all your #socialmedia this season!
I will take your #TwitterCard if you use the HashTag symbol on facebook!!!!!
Chocolate coupling is a continuum! Down with dichotomy! I can have it all!
Getting Laura ready for ballet at , can't wait!
Just scheduled an appointment with online. Love that I can schedule when I think of it, which is inevitably late at night.
yeah. If you don't miss classes you can do it. Plus it's always a 2 part exam.
May your blessings outnumber The shamrocks that grow, And may trouble avoid you Wherever you go. ~Irish blessing
watched 1 episode and never got into it but since you asked so nicely I'll DVR the season premier. So sad spartacus is over #:(
I'm Glad u like the janet badges and thank u!!! <3
she's not one of us anymore
you know them ALL.
im dead! But i made bankroll!
Smart talks yesterday by and on new publication models, and then Toril Moi on ordinary language! great week, UVa
How to Avoid Facebook Group Disasters With Facebook reaching the 900 million mark, there should be no surprise that it is a terrific tool
Transition: I move forward through change. While change is inevitable, my response or reaction to change is up to me.
A person's success in life can usually be measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations he is willing to have!!!!
I too noticed that Dominic Chianese aka Uncle Jun also played Johnny Ola when Godfather 2 aired yesterday.
Super jealous of all my friends whom are London bound for the first ever Sundance London. Good luck
Just downloaded Odd Renditions from Can't wait to hear it.
My 14yo son is in awe of how fast you can talk without messing up. Lol.
I texted you!
House show. Right now. 10585 E Sky High Drive. Tucson, AZ. 85730. Get down here right meow!! -JChuck
Merry Christmas from all of us at Premier Lighting!
Hair of the Freixenet that bit me
Shout out to , , for a night of excitement, drama and waiting...and waiting....
Well, it wasn't like I had hoped to see today, but a nice vietnamese man sang to me as I got my nails done today...
T1 - what's the potential upside vs potential downside? I see more possible problems than improvements for patients.
OMG 3 minutes:O
pure bathing culture vinyl is going to seduce the crap out of the ladies
Also, how are you getting presents on your dad's birthday? :)
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet
I heard from many that your interview at South Point was the best of all jockeys. Do you plan to come back to SP in 2012?
Well, life is too short, so love the one you got 'Cause you might get run over or you might get shot
making my grand return to Twitter. Hide your daughters...especially if they're flatchested and ugly...
Love JHam. SO MUCH. RT : It's now 18 HRs for Hamilton to 19 for the Cubs after today's game. Unreal
Baltimore is beautiful! What are we waiting for?
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 22
Needed: Volunteer Reading Coaches to assist adult students working toward their GEDs and Highschool Diplomas. Call for more info 275-4036
rt “: Wis. elections board to ask judge to set recall elections on May 8, June 5
Spending relaxing day before heading home. Can't help but think of interactive timelinee using Kinect though
Should I be taking all these songs about margaritas as a hint?
Hot flash !
Does anyone know the names of the regional commanders of the 4 branches, the commanders that cover Cali?
you will soon! If you keep an eye out, you will see some luvella tunes coming your way in the near future!
Now that I've been learning Spanish I have one observation. The chorus of La Bamba doesn't make any fucking sense.
Sweaty Knee pits! EWWWWWW
hey sexiii im like in love with yue and yuhr my idol dude like really:)
For as long as people massacre animals, they will kill each other.
Wow, nice Hampton University jacket in that pic!
Found the state game from last night on tv.
glad you enjoyed the article!
Wheres the art? The fashion? The endurance?! The passion for the camera?!
Ben askren has 2 work on his GnP its very weak his wrestling and bjj defense is very solid if he can strenthen his Gnp up he can Finish More
say word
Yes, I am now the Mayor of Yes, y'alls be hatin'.
south Tucson! What up Happy Iguana!!
Get to go out to eat
hey ! Thanks !
no problem! I'm a survivor myself. Dr Ginder is my ONC!
Doing my #CrossFit Level 1 Certification this weekend!! EEK!!
Agreed, employees are participating with or without firm. How we can encourage more to join in?
RT ElfriedeOkken As soon as I got my money we'll go wherever you like.
Have a great weekend and come back soon!
thank you! and yes, that binder was enormous!
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Found Guilty
Gettn these brats out on set so they can be silenced.
y'all stop smoking bogies and tweeting and come order breakfast!!!
dang. literally like everyone smokes weed or some other thing...
I would've gotten tickets to that show if I would've known you guys were going WWWOOOOWWWW
Milk does a body good but I do your body better lol
We're looking forward to the Perform Better Functional Training Summit in Chicago this weekend!
#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?5
Writing the most important presentation of my life with a head cold. Dissertation defense in t-minus 6 days.
bold. nbut really, o downside though...
oh lord...and I thought regular old fetuses in ultrasounds were bad.
As temperatures rise above 110 today make sure you are keeping cool. Check with & for safety tips!
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
brushing up on xml/xsl. woo-hoo!
Getting interested in Firefox again. Chrome seems to be getting too snoopy. Looking fwd to FX 7.
Is it weird that I'm at half mast because I just went grocery shopping and a full fridge gets me off?
dang it's 11:36 here
Do you know what Miami Beach hotel, which opened in 1929, was the first to cater to the local Jewish community?
I want to buy that its just rite for me
The Chalumeau (chah-LOO-moe) instrument is a single-reed wind instrument that was fashionable in urban society, around the 1700's....
remembers it wrong. He always told corn to put him on the same team as me cause he was scared to face me everybody
can you believe she's loosing to justin beiber? but she's on the lead on the other nomination !!:)
Mine is belief in "positive intentionality".
Deal. I'll be waiting. Bahahaah.
that bitch apparently has until midnight now. she knew closing was today like 3 months ago. I think I hate her.
Cold air holds less moisture, thus drying out our skin. Apply moisturizers WHILE WET, before towelling off. Use an AHA sometime after shower
...and stupid me just stopped and stood there staring at him while they passed by -.-
cleaning and laundry today.
ABDC is live this year. Wtf
Haha I'm watching too! So bizarre!
We filled it out!! We wish you all nothing but the best of luck!! You guys ROCK!
oh ok
FOLLOW PLEASE AND ME FOLLOW YOU
LONG NIGHT...but telling myself...This is the day the Lord has made, I WILL rejoice & be glad!!!!
"Cashing Out" and "Same Damn Time" both premiered today on 106. is WORKING.
Time to heat up some pizza & iron some clothes...doesnt seam to match eh.lol.<Funny...lmao... Hope you can watch MR PHELPS...
great day: wrote a new tune, classes, nap, and rehearsal. Not to mention it's a great day to be outdoors
Want to burn a quick 100 calories? Do 40 jumping jack, 30 crunches, 20 squats, & 10 push-ups! That wasn't so hard, was it? ; )
On my way to detroit. I need a few beers!
That's a big career change.
It says"We Stand With The TAXPAYERS It's Time to Cut Spending and Balance the Budget"... Sorry for the late reply.
Looking forward to hiking and surfing in #NoCal next week: #pointreyes, #bigsur, #monterey,
what do you want to do as career? (:
wait are u i am lost
well I really liled Tje Avengers a lot! Dark Shadows actually bored me in the plot and the characters...
sorry, just found it!
Was gonna read the news on #mayday but was distracted by the promoted story about and the #smiths... the commies can wait!
#icr12 glad to have found the hashtag thanks to whoever put it up on the screen at the Y
Love the pod, wife Nikki is so cool, and I like that you can tell when you're listening to Hello Dummy, "Anyway..."
Sucks....one of my fav agents are a bit behind on their game. Recvd CB times for TODAY 1-hr ago. Talent, Mgr, and CD not too happy! :(
#FF She's one to watch #writers #readers xo
haha no wonder you head's sore this morning, babe.
we gon beat dem' * invisible *
made some corned beef. ready to dig in
lol I don't have an iphone
Don't know about that. It wouldn't be Skip Take opps I mean 1st Take anymore. lol
kinda scared
is San Diego State football only?
theater presents SAB&#39;s the beauty of ballet Sunday March 18 at 2pm. will be there.
If she were I would love to be there LOL.
Looking to start recording some new tracks this week. Can't wait to get it going!
Hoes before bros.
RT : RT : I'm okay with teachers not using technology. I'm not okay with teachers being unwilling to learn, to...
I hate eating out and afterwards seeing a score of 71 on their health inspection with 3 critical violations. #Yuck!
Less than 8 hours til things get underway for Baltimore's first HF-Twestival!!!
yes, the pot was $4.50! I was iut if the money :-(
Todays is the last day of the youth ambassadors program :(
wisconsin cheese soup. amazzing.
going from work directly to airport / I though got attending?
Um I've lost count... We will just say that you guys recycled a lot of items this week. :)
Yay!!! Love Happy she's speaking at
I'm in the process of learning.
bummer! You will be missed!
I think I blew at least one but overall it needs a bit more bass anyway.
That's what I'm saying. Think it would be cool for trips/vacations, though. Or if Megan Fox wore one in the shower.
This made me realize that Alyssa, is the only girl I need & ever will.
Wow, our iPad 2 giveaway is going crazy - hurry if you haven't entered yet cause time is running out
Chris Paul looks at VDN calling a play like I look at my dog after he's a shit on the rug.
thanks for following David
Psalm 48:14 NIV For this God is our God for ever and ever; he will be our guide even to the end.
I Ain't A Whore I Just Got A Lot To Give...From My Vagina...Bitch Please You Da Definition Of A Whore.!
Go for it!
This conference better start now! I'm not walking in that rain
Doors open in an hour with all your favorite Happy Hour Specials & friendly faces. Cheers to the weekend! #ThursdayCountsRight???
#WorstRapLineEver wake up in the mornin' eat that pussy like cold pizza.
Longworth on result of Internet and cable: "It's no longer a national economy, it's a global economy."
I know the ppl of dallas need therapy
Daily doses of self-discipline make a leader's life-lessons less likely. #LeadChange RT
As Temple gets ready for spring semester, check out our Study Away Programs website for brochures & applications! Deadlines Feb.15th&March 1
hey hey Missy get off your iPod and have fun in activity block!(:
pumped for and to arrive at fantasy land! gonna be a good week
Can I ask why you blocked me on my personal twitter?
Jazz in the Park tonight, hopefully no rain but either way The Belmont will be serving up some great cocktails all night long!
after 20 hours of trance, it came to me.
spam is like the cockroach of the internet - provides no purpose, but it was here before it started, and will be the last man standing.
whaaattt. Ahah which one? I freaking love almost all of them lol
nabbed the 1st win 108-92. 15th consecutive win. Free Valero coffee tomorrow. Yep, it's a good night.
thanks for meeting fans in Chicago! I wasn't in front, so I couldn't talk to you, but it was nice of you to brave the cold for us;)
that was random
Just listened to your talk in Wichita. Excellent! One of the best articulated on the subject I've heard yet.
Yay! It's finally the weekend! Loved sleeping in this morning! <3
2pac on pandora...I miss the good stuff.
so true...but he would love the fact that I'm not wearing any socks. Am I right ?
Grinding up branches with a chipper is surprisingly fun.
Like.. on some real shit. Remember.. 'The World Begins With You'.
god i cried so much reading this book and watching the movie. she was so great!
The truth must be told aggressively just 2 distinguished reality & fantasies what's understood ain't gotta be explained 2 the core.
Up to $500 worth of federal tax credits for home energy efficiency improvements are set to expire Dec. 31
Yay!! We found the crab before death did! It was hiding (of course) in Devani's room, nestled in some costume foam!
you, too. I should've been taking notes!
check it out
If Grace is an Ocean... We Are All Sinking!!! Love this line
Does anyone no of a spanish speaking eviction attorney that works in San Diego & the southbay San Diego?
Dang! These mosquitoes must think I'm delicious .
He probably doesn't even NOTICE me *cough cough*
Proverbs 16:28 28 A dishonest man spreads strife,and a whisperer separates close friends.
I like cupcakes!
LOL when kids in my school NOW start liking austin & alex, lol likee no.
oh, that wasn't a reference to please look after mom. i'm still reading that one. i was writing something.
Children's minister Tim Loughton on adoption league tables - BBC News
Head still hurting
I know that you're not Mo, but I have confident in your ability to become a closer I hope you'll be successful at it
drinks and food tonight idk where....but....somewhere! let me know or if you wanna join us!
First soccer game with BrownChickenBrownCow tonight!
Join The SolarWinds Team! Online Program Manager: bit.ly/wa2LSV Austin, TX - Have fun & Get Paid!
#CincoDeMayo is primarily a US holiday. As long as it involves celebrating, big hats, and checking in at , #Belly's on board
Celebrating Bike To Kosher Vegetarian Restaurant For Lunch Day with Sam Hillborne.
I'm hoping it's up with all chapters in the next few weeks, I think they are just going through a tech review! Thanks again!
Got my box of popchips! Thank you so much for sending them-they are DELICIOUS and I love 'em! Popchips rock!
NF follow me back so we can place hott track to some singers!
30k now. 3x average. Nothing fancy just taking some I deserve and some I don't.
You're just as fake as a barbie. Too bad your looks don't make up for it HAHA.. true :D
The top speed traps in San Diego tonight at 5:45.
She's a RAMBLING lunatic.
Join us for our newly added kickboxing class today New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes. $79 monthly.
Yoga. Definitely. You have to ask yourself, "how would Jesus work out?"
Day 2 of jury duty...who will be chosen? Who will be sent home? tune in at 2
im hungry
103 in Dallas today! RT Goodbye August & Hello September! Hope cooler weather.. We have a high of 104 today at HQ in Waco, TX.
Taking my fat butt to the gym. What was I thinking taking a month off?
At Auburn Fest!!
Also, keep checking your UK email for reminders & answers. The link to team member evaluations goes out at noon today.
Are you thinking about going on Dancing with the Stars? I think you would enjoy that Home Girl.
I don't feel good at all.
Organizing & clearing out old stuff, it's like writing a book--feels so much better after it's done! New bedroom design by
Stop hanging out with so much. You have an inflated sense of your capabilities.
I'm sick of it though
Holy Nick Young
THIS WILL SOLVE EVERYTHING RT : The Pirates have acquired 1B/3B Jeff Larish for cash considerations.
Sign up for Gardening class on August 27th on the patio...snacks, drinks and knowledge!! More info at www.pleasantfarmschicago.com
Lady GaGa is just a mini Madona.
so i heard my brother had a seizure last night. wat happened?
Think Peyton Manning will be up for throwing out the first pitch on opening day?
When you tell me what I want to hear and give me the best sex I've ever had
definitely hot!
Up trying to watch this game like I don't have to be up at 5 for work in the morning
"I'll Have Another" from PP# 19 takes #Derby ! Wow. Great Race. Next up
lmfao i really do. and by the time we get to school im still not ready. ohwellll
I'd be delighted - let me know what to do!
omg I am Struggling!!!! Coffee all day since sleep isn't an option! Ha
she hasn't followed me yet (: hahaha .
Have fun with the gridlock guys. NYC will be a zoo today.
I'm so hype for #Ravens game Can't wait to see battle #Patriots 60 min From Indy CAW
Haha, alot of people don't (: I love you beef!
a little bit of "Mara" here I am
leeeego what you got for me
U seem cranky. I know, come over, I'll play u some Duncan shiek songs on my axe and we can reminisce on Paula Cole, sound cool?
In NYC I would just appreciate it as a miracle!
You know it! So much fun! Always great spending time with you!
We thank our partners and sponsors who have made this Ride possible.
Rachel Video Tip: to get a AZ divorce, either you or your spouse must have resided here 90 days prior to filing.
Hey Drew, can you tell me where I can find the postgame podcast from UK-LSU game at SEC tourney? Its not up on site yet.
Starting to crave sushi :(
Been taking this for almost 20 years can tell when I don't take it for long periods really helps in many ways.
Chloe Moretz: so annoying.
From your lips to God's ears.
IPhone just flew out of my car, thank goodness I have a sturdy case
So, that was the scariest thing thats ever happened to me..
u got ur report card?
#GETAUSTIN2PHILLY C'MON GUISE DON'T GIVE UP. LETS GIVE WHAT HE DESERVES. HE DOES EVERYTHING FOR US
Man at the carwash told me I'm the kind of girl that's too hot to be loved..."lusted but not loved." What the hell does that mean??
So proud of our Civic Engagement volunteers! These seniors are making great strides to improve our community & their well-being.
I'm tired. GoodNight, my lovelys.<3
Birth parents stalking adopted kids on Facebook - ParentDish UK
man wateva. I tried to hang with yu but yu was out n abt.
Glendale scores to go up 9-16
i sincerely hate having to bite my tongue sometimes, the amount of emotional damage i could do is unbelievable
so true. And I love that S.I. schedule! Disappointed when I don't get one in the mail- great for the wallet.
It's funny because nobody likes you
Laughing at the loser behind me. c:
10 dolla's and I'm listening to that function song we heard n berkeley haha. Its an e-40 song, and I still feel stupid haha
Sitting in the dark with
unfortunately can't drink beer but I loved all the food... Pumpkin bruschetta especially. Sorry we missed eachother!
good morning :)
Steak and biscuits with eggs for breakfast!! yumm:) and yes i am cooking!!
No clutch hitting. Zilch. “: Pitching settles down, offense remains AWOL. Your 2012 Milwaukee Bi-Polars.”
