I reeeeaallly need my headphones
's eyes kinda fascinate me...
We never knew that life was just happening..
AAS acquisition books include acquisition in early 19th c of Native artifacts- some museums collected bones, burial goods
Just realized that Carlos from BTR is in an episode of Ned's Declassified. Omg. He was like 12
Shooting range in the am to shoot off that Smith n Wesson m and p .45
Thanks for the mention.... again. Heh.
i'm just a heart-breaker.... So don't fall in love with a nigga like me. Don't love a nigga like me...
Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #icheckedyes for #OneUnion!
Companies INTEGRATE social into their overall marketing strategy...job seekers should do same for personal branding!
Someone told me to join the Press Club like 2 years ago, its never too late
I have to love Bouchon. It's Claude's other life!
Have to go back to Buckle for another interview tomorrow.
0 in gym for the day
losers who still like their exes <
I always do
Penner must have poured some extra Mrs. Butterworth's on his pancakes today. He's looking highly motivated out there.
I have a serious addiction. There should be some sort of support group for this. Ideally one that doesn't use get-satisfaction.
hey buddy it has been awhile since I have said hello!
thank you for coming! happy to hear you enjoyed yourself!!
idk just make me happy :D
Writing about Timeline and how much people hate it. I wonder what they'll be saying this time next year...
Mistake I made I thought I was real! I tried 2 take 2many to TOP with me & they just slowed me DOWN!
"Talk shit get hit" is so overrated especially when you don't act on it.
Who's gassing this hoe? BP?
How many games does Kemp play there each year? Ya, #mvp RT That is the first ever 3-homer game in the history of PETCO Park!
Ivy Blue... Yeah ok I can see that.... But Blue Ivy?? Hmm...
Sometimes I bike past a mustached fellow and wonder if it's Twitter has taken over my life.
Lol Damn this woman checking this man phone
OH MY WENIS. REALLY?! :D I'm gonna see if I can drop college and career 7th so I can just have lunch all day all year:
I #tried so hard, Cant seem to get away from misery, I tried to get a way but the memories follow me..
goo goo dolls and dave matthews band >>>>>>
the school play today was actually really good! 👌❤
lmao i know! his sarcasm is just like mine so it's hilarious. GIVE ME BACK MY PHONE, KATA! :p
I am a veteran of the U.S. Navy and the Persian Gulf War (Petty Officer Rating: Gunner's Mate- Guns; Specialty: Surface Rescue Swimmer).
[595] The most likely time for your computer’s hard drive to crash is when you have finished your term paper but haven’t printed it yet.
Shoutouts to all the beautiful women working towards their goals!!!!
#FF pros who help businesses grow
...but how do I pry them out of the ice cream? :) Seriously though, thanks, that's a good idea!
You've managed to monetize work avoidance? Share your secret! I avoid work very well, but have yet to be paid for it.
Come join us to watch the JETS vs GIANTS tonight at 8pm. TAP OUT Monday $3.00 domestic beer $4.00 IPA/Imports(4pm-halftime)...
Yeah, right!
like i'd rather listen to lil B rap then talk on the phone
lesbihonest....been there done that. LOL
gonna try & make it. Daughter has doubleheader in softball.
the days of babysitting for 12 hours are..over. -lauren!!
Pizza and beer, the best breakfast ever
how does one start a blog? Is it easy or hard work? Why did you stop? What's the challenges? I have an #autistic child. Thanks
Got it in at the gym. I burned 400 calories!
Finished Assassin's Creed II (I know I'm behind). I don't think I've ever seen a series so sure of a string of sequels (but they're right).
If only we get paid for fangirling. hahhah ok wtf.
he is sexy too
Certainly something to watch now, isn't it?
Thanks for following. Great mission, love how you're helping Indy's youth.
Never molested as a #Catholic Altar Server, Boy Scout or in parochial sch sports. Probably the men were moral. Or else I wasn't attractive.
I don't wanna go to school,why does spring break have to be over?!):
Are they in Portland too?
Rainy day....wish I was home in bed!
And i cant see shit to change it back -___- fuck my life right now, seriously.
rock on!! happy day to you!!
it's a nice sunny day
#mettaworldpeace would get 25 games for that if Brendan Shanahan was in charge of league discipline
I miss
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America! Musicalstop.com !!!~~~
Not feeling so well. And I have field day tomorrow. Not good, not good...
Nuggets doing good :)
Meaning, "Hooray! You can use this on your desktop machine" versus "Boo! You can't use this on your phone."
Ugh ALBERTOS.... you make me smile!
We went crazy in the end even shawty got up n aunties girls just ask fufu.They had the cha cha slide,1D & I think neyo lol
Ok. Best Buy gave me a gift card for all my troubles today. Their warehouse delivery people suck but the store guys are cool,
Sing along with us: "It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down....to Cup o' Joe on Friday!"
Man.. You're just waiting for me to unload on #24 aren't cha.. I've been staying pretty tame this playoff season.
seriously? Polo following economic disaster in europe. That's not reporting, its pure fluff. #weak but i'm not surprised.
Total enrollment of those 23 colleges is about 200,000. Very few students. Lots of two-year schools.
I would've written "Thanks for everything, Captain Tightpants!" <3
where's white cat? He's the biggest Judas of them all
Hey I didn't see you on my followers list can I get a follow back please?(:
Why James what ever do you mean?
Jesus, JaVale Mcgee is beautiful...
haven't eaten all day. almost 4 am, what's open?
in nj does anyone know of any jobs? a place where they are always hiring?
Thanks! This is also probably the cleanest it will ever be.
Alot of deez hoes that claim to be mothers don't deserve mothers day gifts!!!...
rose is my act love
If you don't follow these thought leaders, you should -
Dreams really are the most ridiculous thing about human life
It's time to fuck some shit up!
HI BABE!!!!! X Sorry I haven't talked to:you lately :''''''(
no stars
Happy Groundhog day! We hear Punxsutawney Phil make his prediction for an early spring! He MUST be an race fan!
Just what did that poor tennis racquet ever do to you?
You're far away from LA! I moved out here to learn Ruby at , become a dev, and build cool shit. Decided to stay! :)
THANKS to all of the ladies who came out to our NY audition last night! We are looking forward to starting the season with our new girls!!!
Danny beat you by a full minute with that tweet update, pal. A for effort though. Nothing wrong with silver.
The most powerful man in the world isn't afraid that the gays will threaten his marriage!?
Thanks! It's gonna be hectic but should be good! Have a good weekend!
Trying to teach myself Dutch while sitting in class
Listening to talking social media to #imcusa in Carolinas
: We'd love to see your beard at work. What are your thoughts on chowders, stews, gumbos, gazpacho?
That moment when you log onto your fba email for the first time today since the internet was down, & you have 42 new emails
Congratulations Team USA! The win today is a big inspiration for young ladies across #rva to get fit and love sports
Thanks for hanging out and pairing at the office this morning. Stop back anytime!
Oh, the ENERGY of middle schoolers, 1st day back from break!
please send #positive #thoughts my #daugher's way this #morning. #thank U.
That new "wondering who this is?" window opening under retweets is getting annoying.
3 Hall of Fame Quarterbacks playing in "Win or Go Home" games in one weeked!?! Could be best football weekend of the year.
On my way to work having a great morning so far can't wait till I get off though
ill call logies heart doc and ask him, and get back with you.ill Dm my email address to you.
#BiggestLessonLearnedfrom911 Never get involved in a land war in Asia
Reading Bernie Madoff: in new issue of Bus Info Alert + what are the "new emerging markets?"; Info Intro: "Fund of Funds explained.
I'm so happy the week is pretty much over.
RT : Need panelists: which Indy NFPs are doing social media well? Useful, high traffic blogs. Effective tweets, FB. DM MCCOYouth
great shot on goal yesterday, I would have crapped myself if that would have went in.
You may be the only one who loves the FB changes.It'd be OK if changes were once in a while...not nearly every month.
Great to have you there!
Country Boy closes escrow on his house today. This is a big day. I'm proud of him. Now to get prepped for the celebration! Bit of work 1st.
unfortunately he wasn't completely wrong... “: "This museum is the worst shit ever. I'm disappointed." - ghetto kid.”
there was already 3 then they needed a bat, so why she sat on me when they were kickng the shit outta me...idk?
New York
God sure gave us a Great Day in Baltimore! Weather is Fantastic! Shot out to the Ravens... 4-1!! Lets Go!!
Downton Abbey is just an incredibly long setup to a joke whose punch line is "Master Bates."
How about neither? How about an organization with no bias or slant? That's what we truly need.
Packing our bags and heading east for later this week!
My life just took a turn for the worst )))):
yea that would be nice. thanks
Am I the last to know Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively are dating?
Thats awesome!! :D
We love McBobs! And we even serve our own brunch-- give one of us a try!
you met one of my friends today, Natasha and Olivia.. I couldn't go bc I live in America :( love you
yes ikr lol! now I'm getting hated' on for sharing my opinion. oh well
wonderful! i RTed ur mission. can u? we help the mentally disabled get jobs, remain independent & integrate in2 society!
hell yeah “: I stay home way too much”
Be sure to follow AndytheArtist. He will customize orders and provides some great, interesting work.
If you're lucky, somethings you stumble upon.
and then you will want to read book 2 right away :)
I have survived the night..so far.. I thought about not tweeting til mid afternoon tomorrow but it would be a dick move.
RT “: Can't. Stop. Listening. To. Doctor. Worm.”
yes i would watch you cook any time
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. ~Suzuki
So jealous of my parents! Moms playing in London and dads in Nola. Thanks for the invite!
I'm at g/r/a/n/d tonight in Stamford, CT! 10PM-1AM. Come out and support!
Someone come protect me from the scary thunderstorm ;c LOLJAYKAY I need somebody to cuddle with now, kgo.
Thanks a lot Peter!
its not lettin me send back it say u not followin me
charge it!
Hey Michele. BASEMENT JACK is a fun little flick. Nice to see you on here. Cheers.
I signed it!
You know I'm just kidding, right?
11 hour plane ride #fail....China trip #win!!!
of course. Come to DC. I can handle your offspring.
Control your mind, master your thoughts, control them
Can anyone recommend an affordable and (more importantly) reliable web service for printing conference posters in the US?
yep, I'm living it and still can't find a job. It's brutal.
thanks you too
Just b/c I love to stay at home on the weekends in my PJs and hang out with my dogs doesn't mean I'm a homebody. Okay, yes it does.
i'll ride in anyone of 's cars i'll enjoy riding with him :D
Haha yeah. Pretty much 1950-1960s. My parents grew up with it, they'd laugh to see how ppl study it today.
That ain't good. // RT Heat have now lost 8 of their last 9 road games against teams with .500 or better records.
While you saying I'm broke I have Monster Beats Skull Candies and name brand clothing what you got #StopHatin because you broke and Im not
Burn it to the ground
Haha Richard Pryor is a true role model
Yay! Happy birthday!
Congrats!!! RT : Woo-hoo! PR in the 10K today! Amazing day to run.
S/o to all my new followers!
Try having someone check-in with a mobile device at the address you added to the page and see if it suggests your FB page.
#LadyJedi read "Army of Darkness" #4. When I asked her what she thought, she said "Eh, the story didn't have an ending. I need resolution."
sitting through 9 hours of final presentations this week ಥ_ಥ
When will you be back in Austin?
Yes, , we have a bunch of songs! No
Just stick around!
I help people get 1st page rankings in Google--if you know any business owners who would benefit let me know!
Gallery Night in This Just in: All Gallery Spaces are indoors :)
Are you going to tweet some of the bacon-y treats tomorrow?
Rocking Christmas. That's all. Just wanted to say that!
Diana's a retard lmao
Plan to check out my digital footprint using SocioClean soon!
These little girls I Sware.
afraid of Rush? You sound like a democrat not an independent. In Other Words, you are working for the Obama 2012 folk ,)
That Dynamo stadium looks amazing.
Thats a hot pic Michelle but I can tell it's not really you hun. You pulled that from the internet didn't you?
The secret to social media is consistency. There is no set frequency,but post consistently about consistent themes, and you will be alright.
Thanks for the tweet! Pls continue to share.
I need to buy my ticket
Why am I up this early on a Saturday.. 😒
And made my wish when 11:11 came and went. I believe its for...
Ah, THAT'S what transliteracy means.
"cheerio balthazar" jesus christ
FUCK YOU!! I HATE MY LIFE....BUT MOSTLY I FUCKING HATE HOW YOU CAN SAY ONE THING AND IT RUINS MY WHOLE DAY! #FUCKOFF!!!
THAT MAN IS FINE.
Next up, created a 'Choose Your Adventure' app for the Milwaukee Public Museum that will run on
great photos; liked the stuffed animals
However, I guess it beats the alternative
WE HAVE TO<3
you working tonight?
Had a fun day today:-)
Fantastic & inspiring workshop on library of congress teaching resources
Thank you for the mention. Hope you had a great weekend!
there's an amazing falafel place in Philly, when you're there next you should go
it's probably been 2 yrs since I've felt this horrible...
hahaha DOPE! Im chilin mane kendra and I were going to grab drinks and celabrate so lets do sumfin G!
Today's #CovertTU word: BACKSTOP – an arrangement between two persons for the express purpose of substantiating a cover story or alibi.
MAY I BE PART OF UR STORY NOT MEAN JUST A FRIEND
Cantina lounge tonight in fullerton! 18+ get on the VIP List! hit up for info or email .
I feel bad for the movie 'In Time'. I saw an ad for it last night and it carried an endorsement from someone on MySpace. Yikes.
AT&T withdraws FCC application for T-Mobile acquisition In another blow to AT&T's ( NYSE:T ) attempt to acquire T-Mobile USA, AT&
I Really Really Really want YOU to do a concert here in SAN ANTONIO PLZ PLZ 5
what?? LeBron's been wrecking, there's only so much he can do..lol how did that prove your point...?
Watching retards at the doggy park..
I just really love your videos.
Just signed up and reserved hotel for #sla2010...New Orleans in June... should be just the right amount of heat and humidity to make it fun!
my boy is working with me tuesday
Aint That A Shame How They Fxck Up Yo Name.
Here's your #hometipoftheweek: remove stubborn wall plugs by drilling a tight screw into the plug & pulling it out with pliers.
Sounds right! RT : You smile, I smile. You get hurt, I get hurt. You cry, I cry. You jump off a bridge, I'm will miss you
please tell me those jackets are what you were talking about for
What we gettin' into today cuz'z?
o wow thats cool
Our thoughts and prayers go to all the Mexican people during this time of crisis.
#ThingsIwantTheMost #Banner18 raised in the td garden & the boston #celtics to win the 2012 NBA Finals
A huge THANKS to for being our generous sponsors at yesterday's Tel Aviv Beach Party. 2,100+ people got a true taste of Israel!
Lending a helping hand seems to be one of the must hardest thing for ppl to do dis days
OK, but I already have the memo.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for visiting Pies.
Has anyone seen the #luvs ultra leak guard commercials? Wth? Those are so dumb.
Tough night for the Angels. Still had a nice time with everyone thanks for having us and hope it helps
just continue to follow a bunch of people.
USA Today
recipients of the #GutensohnAwards are being announced.
I must not respond well to pressure. It is easier to write the month after
Now that #WIrecall is done, time to focus on Arlene and Micheal for #MMSDBOE!!
You will come out on top and bring them all home. As for the last part look me up I think that I can help you with that one. By the way ...
Good luck in today's primary! If you love in PA, remember to go vote today.
The Essex Clinic ~ IT Infrastructure Project | InTouch Systems
#moviesminuslastletter A Few Good Me - Tom Cruise interrogates Jack Nicolson's multiple personalities on the witness stand
yes its that time of year go get one!
Central Waters Brewing continues to impress.
Drinking my last beer from my fridge of an 18 pack of Miller High Life...No, I didn't start drinking them today! lol
It really doesnt feel like friday.
(((HUGS))) back. Pray for healing for sick kid 2nite. Tom. is my HUGE fam get-together. DON'T want 2 miss!!
: I'm already following you LOL
Line em up (kebo gotti) voice. Fayetteville, nc bout 2 be off the chain tonight i'm sick gotta reason to stay in lol. Poor wacka
Extremely proud of myself for going to the movies alone.
girl, i missed their show here last night, don't get me started :( so livid
bad decisions ;; good intentions
some of these 2chainz raps y'all doin are hella good lol
Great #ToddHenderson piece. $250K in NYC = salary of a gym teacher (albeit for private schools) in TX . Comfortable, but not rich.
Know your self.
Have administrators write grants to get funds to support faculty in blended learning.
is considering for Ford as long as it's strategic, lifestyle focused and bigger than repeating website content.
is your leg broke?
Omfg blondie move the fuck out of my way. I am not scared to slap a bitch in the middle of this chick fil a right now
"When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time."
NFL - that's all ima say
RT : What would you do on the day you became a millionaire?<=pay all debts and life debt free.
WAT!? This made me think of that South Park episode! Where they steal money from kids pretending to be the tooth fairy! :D
(I thought it was a good gag, but then I try not to look for opportunities to feel slighted.)
Simmons' maternal haplogroup (mtDNA) was of Native American origin. Her autosomal DNA (atDNA) breakdown was not revealed.
Any #musicians out there have videos of your music? Please reply with the URL. I am always looking for music videos.
Just go away please, thanks : It has been a roller-coaster-ride-of-a season, but KNICKS' fans stayed faithful!
“: : oh right, ive got 4/22 in my calendar” thank you!!
Such an amazing day <3
Walls closin in video comin soon!!!be ona lookout!!!
and the millions of the timothy fans
bird is the word
Trying To Get Spring Break Fine....... Lmao Imma Get There
check what all the buzz is about...google torc helmets ;)
Wait until finds out Josh Hamilton hit 4-HRs against his Orioles.
I've still got my #canucks samuelsson jersey haha, I'm wearing it right now
lol naw its because she was too busy with justice
Be BOLD, Be Strong, stand up and speak out about the issue of Bullying.
What is good tonight Chicago? Ready to go out and need something to do
Late night stroll
Slide Guitars are the shiz
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck, so we took it to go told them don't even plate it
Sake and Italian....
I've changed my username three times now...but this time it's for real!
I love MyBayMyWay
man. I think I spelled it that way twice already
And it took me a full 30 seconds to recognize the actress playing Quinn...I am ashamed.
-Get Your Candy Form Family Dollar !
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer24
thanks for the follow :-)
I ain't no bitch sir I'm a feline I take your girl off that track and put on the screens like ......
Happy Turkey Day to some more of my pals!
haha its pretty crazy!
We just made eye contact........she wants the D
Shave those damn sideburns, Broxton!
I aint gonna steal her tweet. I ain't bout that life.
if felt like that yesterday on some Arizona weed
A beautiful body
Chocolate. Just do it. Spain's Valor, Sweden's Fika and the UK's , all available at The Chocolate Library.
hey Ronnie! It's my birthday! :D
discusses design process involving middle schoolers in development of college access game
Aww what an awesome story babe now go make me a sandwich:)
YES! Caps WIN! Game 7 Saturday NIGHT!
=] FOLLOW ME
Happy Mother's Day! Where are you brunching today?
Hey Friday, you rock! \m/
If you email us your contact info, we'll have someone call you. Perhaps we can fix your issue. Thx!
If I could remove one person from the earth it would be Nancy Grace
I want that rashad and new new type of love lol
So does Roger Sterling, you know.
Yeah yeah whatever lol
RT You da man, Dennis. Pleasure was all ours. Awesome stuff! You can download episode on iTunes, search "jetsinsider"
damn you out of luck fam..I am gone hook it up though lol
Water warm enough to ditch the wetsuits yet?
International trade consultant in aviation...we sell 747's and private vessels to the global market :-)
A power outage and the smell of raw sewage in the office. What a lovely start to a Friday.
Whats the best thing to do after a workout? Damn skippy..time to get something to eat! Ha! Chck Fila here I come. Bread and water.
I want one, too. Let's cross fingers for each other.
Heyy! Hope you are having a wonderful day! :)
I prefer panties on the bed.
if you can't hang, there's the door, baby.
Waiting for the bus after buying a hunk of fresh fish is stressful.
Thank you K-Marie
We're now playing the Sixers. “: #Hawks starters: Iguodala, Hawes, Holiday, Turner, Brand. #Celtics #NBA”
Why does the internet deny the existence of Trader Joe's brand GORP?
You can't make a plant grow, you can create the environment but the plant grows itself......(kids and teachers)
The #Raiders finally make a pick, the last of Round 3. Guard Tony Bergstrom. Was expecting the guy who ran the fastest 40 there.
Getting ready for my show at SoCha cafe on July 25th.
I dont see how i look like ne
Hey Alex!(: How is your day going?(:
"Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses, I told him to quit bitching, this isn't a fucking hot-line"
all them freaky tweets
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing mom and all the moms who are always there for us!!!
How r you, friend?
We will be featuring kiantis Pizza in Santa Cruz, this Saturday (10/24/09) at 6pm. Great pizza, unique entertainment, don't miss it!
Check out and "like" Repro Health Daily's Facebook page! Ask any questions you might have about #reproductive and #maternalhealth !
Hey Storme! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
This piece was publicly read by the Nashville Symphony Orchestra as part of the EarShot program. Tonight is the world premiere.
did you really expect to recommend a mouse that was < $80?
You did that? Looks amazing!
Getting tired of all the iPad hype filling up the intertoobs.
not really just want you to ring me
I say wit bosh maybe but without bro idk becuz they didn't win tell lebron an Wade got tired
just sent some beats== I'm feeling the "Da Struggle " track get at me
ill try tweeting a pic of them together gotta go study for ma sci test :P
hi Kim lets talk aoon
agree - major bummer
Gave a stranger flowers today. It was nice.
thank you for the love!
Absolutely, they do. I mean the stars in the sky. All we have to do is tune in. : )
Leslie is soo trashy
Yea thought you were gonna say my voice /:
I'm going to Pound for a nutella latte and a book on semiotics. And, on the way, I hope to not get tear gassed.
It took me about five hours, but now I get it. Wale. Well played, good sir.
All i wanna be doing right now is squidding in my bed, instead im outside shoveling mulch with a fucking pitchfork
Who's next to be downgraded? Will US ever see a #credit #rating upgrade?
Certainly my favorite-named tool. Little ashamed to admit it took me a while to realize it was named that bc it's made of bone
I am working at AAU Nationals for Inline Hockey right now in Huntington Beach, CA for AAU legend Keith Noll...very diff crowd at hockey
Tagging Tuesday- Thank You for all that you do!
Trivia pop quiz: How many hours per day does a koala sleep? The winner gets a Hersey kiss from Erica's desk.
Julian deserves to be on abdc just like the rest of the boyz so what if ppl dont know who he is! its one in a life time thing!
Heels Win, Duke Blue..
aweh I'm sorry
Who is miss me ?
When i need someone to talk to, or need someone to stay up with all nite...im going to <3 HateLies<3Trust
Who wants to come out and play after work so I don't watch sad movies...?
It’s not easy being green: Data center edition
I do lots of things, I build websites, run a non-profit, & I'm a photographer- &more. I'm only self-promoting if that helps. :-D
still wide awake... its 1:04 in the am and im wide awake ... smh for drinking coffee at midnight ... lol
Finally done getting ready. If this guy doesnt hurry i WILL fall asleep lol
but if you ask should we tax the rich more that polls at 70%
might have to join you !!
what the business is
lmbo u a mess ma'am!
Thanks man, its going to be a really diverse mix of songs!
And when you tweet TARDIS, and I think latin/spanish/italian/esperanto. Forgive the Romance Nerd response! ;)
Word? When in July? Hopefully it's the week I'll be in New York
We are so happy to be a part of your healthy lifestyle community! What a gorgeous mission your guys have! All the best!
Tired of paying too much? We can ease the burden on your auto maintenance through social media.
thanks Madi! (: I love you too!!
sure oversight and teacher participation for elementary students...model, model, model
Agreed. So who makes change? Do school/gov'ts change test policies? Or do tests stay static while tech changes world?
If you think it’s time to let go, then just let go. There’s no point in looking back to what you have already lost.
I am sick and tired of people saying Austin can't sing. They say it for no reason at all. Haters say that simply b/c they are jealous.
Somehow, I never make it to my destination on time... thanks #seescandies... #distraction !
Heading home from NACAC Conference in NOLA, must say that it was one of the best in the 19 years I've been attending.
“There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in.” Leonard Cohen
Bitch I'm tred of you and your little attitudes and episodes.. you gotta get the fuck out.. youll be missed i guess!
The difference between golf and government is that in golf you can't improve your lie. - George Deukmejian
Well u can't shovel rain dammit!!!
PDX find local #auto and affordable #car care with us. we are specializing in the #bestcar sales and will provide you with a free quote.
Great raw so far
general please
I'm about to get busted!!! :(
yep, i follow too many ppl as it is. I enjoy a wide range of takes but the constant snark & negativity is played out.
hold a 20-14 lead, under six mins left in regulation
Honored to speak An amazing group of people committed to impacting change. Looking forward to the work we do together.
Hi. I am interested in being added to lists (especially in acting, stunt work, producers, writers, the arts). Thanks.
Where did you watch the space shuttle yesterday?
Just finished latest book. I loved it despite the fact that I stay clear of books that make me cry. This was worth it though
Thanks for the help on the way out the door! That did the trick!
afternoon baby!
No im a model, i havent done any photoshoots in a hot min.
Ur welcome. Wasn't easy yo : I love you thanks for getting me the Leno gig
Got some great pics on my trac-phone of the full moon rising over the ocean, but now have to get a cable to upload them, Boo hiss!
Full moon weekend at Belmont Tavern and Whiskey Bar. Pub crawl your weekend on Cathedral Square with live music and DJ's
i did
I got twelve of each beer. Whatever makes it back to Madison is yours!
"Slag" is such a fun word, isn't it ?
We gone be inside fool .. Come fck wit us
when is the building supposed to be completed?
What kind of concert cost 45cents? Answer: 50cent feat Nickleback
Where u at Kat? 'bout to ThangThang this ! Super excited they're at FilAm Festival SD!!!
holy sweet baby Jesus. I've missed SO much.
Good morning!
Come enjoy educational activities with the little ones during the holiday stroll, Saturday, December 3!
Thinking about starting a BVB message board....
You write English fluently. Were u born in Romania?
FDOT and MDX are "tollating" us to death. What is tollation? Tolling without representation.
Like clockwork, Lakers find a way to truly embarrass themselves come playoff time; and I'm not talking score.
Tweet me! :D Im here to listen..to anything.. ;)
TODAY:15 in Minor 125 | Prof. Qiubin Wang "China, East Asian, and U.S. Integration" | Free! | Refreshments!
If aliens ever land on earth and demand to see our leader, our best chance of survival is to bring them to Lady Gaga....
let's talk more about your website, I like the combination of design and travel
I'm good cuz the fake and the real can't blend.
i miss you too! :c
- they refused to honor the $25 slot play if the item was out of stock
Educating schools about flavored milk
Week no.2 in the books. My legs still aching daily, but my bottom side feeling encouragingly toughened up.
thanks for the follow
remmer when itunes used to be 99 cents. not anymore :( its messed up just to change what i said
A bit of both. But one thing is clear: the sense of entitlement on her part? No acting there.
“: Take the time reflect on Dr. King's contributions to the Civil Rights movement and his love for mankind #HappyMLKDay”
Indeed, and he denied Harris his ton...
thank you for your help at #EatMobile - looking forward to the pics!
snake, cockroach and rat over lizard!!!???
It's only appropriate to finish a trip to Philly at a dive bar with karaoke called Bob & Barbara's.
Happy Drink-Oh De My-Oh!
Just got done working out ready for sat team C CWO
Ion know how I want my nails tomorrow
I wish the febreze commercials were real... It does not cover up husband stink.
Denominationalism has the ability to increase unity if done correctly.
MARY what are you getting? I want one so bad I'm just struggling to land on one idea.
how is dat sir?
DOMS hurt so good.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51. Use caution in area.
I think anything without java script enabled is not blacked out.
"how's your mother?" "she's on her way out.." "we all are, act accordingly" Wise words from a decent man.
Not that my mom is forcing me to eat... Im not in elementary school no more
I think I might hit 20,000 page views in a coupla days!
“: Is what you call "caster sugar" what us Yanks would call "granulated?" BTW, loving "F Word" on BBCA.
thanks for RTing
My parents go to bed at 10, what r u doing later? #GamerPickupLines (I'm a huge gamer)
Hi Alysha! Thanks for following me!
everything U & I have been tweeting about is shared in my script/movie. If the LORD says the same this will be viewed.
Class Update!! Latin Fitness cancelled this Monday and Wednesday at Dance Bethesda. Class will resume this Friday, March 16.
im so sleepy!
Movies in the making! RT : RT : Shout to on stage w/ & ... WOW Best moment of #SXSW '12 S.O.B.'s
its so sad she is a legend and wont be forgotten
i feel so bad for Steve Blake. It was not that serious yo
I'm not really Rikki lol but I'm a huge fan 2
all the best in 2012 ..let's get caught up soon..love the highschool football pic you posted
I'll do my very best. We're letting Rhett finish out his senior yr at Riverdale next yr 4 football, then permanately b n Fla.
Watching #IntoTheAbyss...Dear god...
Reasonably happy #Diablo is being released without PvP. Was one thing that ruined #WoW for me. People always QQing about overpowered classes
RT : Heading home from the office. #MakingMoves #WorkinHard in the
Thanks adding us to your list! Honored to be amongst such fantastic Tweeters :)
wow that's cool!
. Neat! I did that this week AND blood tests! Good times!
I will!
Your the reason why I smile
wants to play mind-crazed banjo on the druggy drag ragtime USA.
RG3 very well spoken on College Gameday. Combined with his display on the field last night - I'm a fan.
low self esteem has ppl acting very unlike their true selves, breaks my heart to tell ya the truth
If you have more that needs writing, pass it along; I can at least do some of it
haha it's fun the pot just got crazy!
One of angry birds versions needs an update!
yes it's kind of exactly the opposite. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but... yeah.
This weekend (Feb. 25 & 26) is Camellia Weekend! 10:00am-4:00pm. Featuring lectures, music, and of course camellias.
“: The cosmos aligned in celebration of birthday sending Twitterverse into #Latism fiesta! #Fuacata!” #wepawave !
just did yoga for 1 hour and burned 336 calories. Total burned so far: 440908 calories! on 4/27/12 at 10:32 AM
Ask clients-->What would a solution look like? How much is that worth?
Dear Bed, You have never felt this good
so true
Oh, you're welcome ;) cats + 1D = nothing productive in prob and stats.
Serious question: Why go with Porcello? Is the #Tigers bullpen that unreliable, or do we need to save them for a Max start?
Great prayer... I've been there too... Be ready.
guys ! you shouldd go follow ! i'll lovee you forever if you doo ! ((: ♥ &she writes really good imaginess ! go!! ((:
Full house at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando
Can you please tell everyone to follow this account?
AQUS running, ask got very thin...
MP art = fab art! Check out the latest originals
Should have kept that sherpa on retainer. Zig-zagging all over Burque.
come!!! It's lots of fun
Date night at Karma Sushi :)
Grizzly bears are brown. Old brown bears are grizzled :)
This female is CRAZY AS FUCK!
A lot more Moms&Dads could choose 2b stay- parents if 30 yrs of R policies hadn't made it next 2 impossible 4 fams 2 live on 1 income.
We just got an email a few minutes ago that had tracks 6-10, but the first email had nothing attached to it...
why do you recommend that I connect with him?
Hi Boss
My team is da team..period..
Sefalosha is a hacker
Oh, I this one's a good one. Something Corporate- Konstantine
someone Skype me((;
so be it :p the mere notion of snakes- dead or alive - freaks me out. I don't need visuals.
Visit www.benefitoffice.org/salute to support tomorrow's event
When you begin to write down your dreams, those memories, forgotten, come back.
Blue Angels in the air - gorgeous day. #NOLA Wish weather stay through weekend
Ahh, the Summer Solstice. A perfect day for all things requiring sunlight; like bean harvesting and pagan rituals.
My friends are the best.
And Miami Comes Out On Top Tonight !
Don't ever be mad at karma, she's just doing her job.
The After Party interview tomorrow! Send in any and all questions you have! Thanks <3
Now I have the Police stuck in my head.
Tin Baker
Lmfao I have no idea why...I'm so twitter boring XD
needs some #cakepops from
"That last photo is entitled, 'Ugh, they farted on me.'" *giggle* Love #family!
12 : B/c thoroughly educated female physicians can relieve and remove sufferings of a vast number of the most delicate of their own sex...
dude you need to RELAX
To be considered as a sr. nominee 4 HOFF an individual must hv completed his active career by at least 25 yrs Mike completed his 33 yrs ago
Well I think Kaighty is weenier cuz she's a twitter rookie. Pants on the ground
"You have about as much of a chance to get drafted as getting hit by lightning…unless you go to Kentucky.” Great quote by
Miley Add me On skype i sent u a request
I know it's hard to believe, but there are actually times I forget I can walk down the street and get a nice hot doughy pretzel
admin leader: LaunchPad is today. Geeks will be serving... stop by to see if we need help, if you can. thanks!
Literally in heaven! Oh! How I wish I could go back in time...
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: 💜
my goal this weekend: avoid metro at all costs. good luck sir
Evans knows his place on this team "The Enforcer".
been good how about you?
sweatpants tomorrow? i think so :)
We need everyone to get behind #trayvonmartin and make sure that justice is done
Over thinking which breakout sessions to attend - so many good options!!!
Gawd. Shopping is such a pain in the ass.
In honor of the summer solstice, what are your plans for the summer?
Thx-I am certainly going to work on these things. I was a veg awhile back.That video really moved me.I am still crying. :-(
Happy #FF to my BWW buddy in the OC! Let's make it a theatre weekend :)
"The difference between the mechanic and the artist is preparation". A quote from a friend. As a vocal artist, I couldn't agree more.
Thanks to Saad, Lee, and the guys at for a great #EDTechNYC meet up. Maybe they'll let me speak next time...
Congrats to for closing another deal today!
Going to make this tweet one of our favorites! :)
41 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
What kind of e-mail is it, is it spam or something like that?
Upside: you laugh a lot w/husband thinking of things such as" why is Velcro toddler sleepwear is not invented yet"
We're glad you do! Cheers.
hunter is monday the 28th
#St.Patties in Boston for Flyers and Bruins game going to be redic!
All I want to do today is lay in bed and cuddle
follow back?
Successful transfer from bus to DC metro. In a twist, bus riders have more courtesy and less odor than metro riders.
Finishing off my prom needs lol thanks too Joshua's gma and my momma-duke ( :
it's not the link, it's the ut server... not sure why it's blinking out, but it should be up before long :)
dude me too
oh don't worry about that.
we will be reaching out today!
Estelle loves you back! RT : Alpha Chi Omega at UNCW loves
They say im too fake, fuck it im paid, I cant even find an empty spot inside my safe!!!
Preparing for tomorrows shoot with Daniela Adriaenssens. Keep a look out for some behind the senses :)
thanks for the wings winning streak. Delivering breaking news
With two new puppies I am going to be doing a lot of dog walking! God bless you dear brother.
#fnciowa RON PAUL 2012! You tried to blackout and it didn't work! By the way SHEP that was an aweful interview with Rand!
Thanks for the follow!
what good bro...Don told me u wanna collab..im actually trying to get to tampa in the next month or so..no later than March
At dinner with and who just went to the bathroom together and left me at the table alone. Seriously?
U bet. BTW, am in new musical Monday at 45th St Theater. Bar Code is from Jim Rado of 'Hair' fame. Would like 2 C U if u can make it.
I have a friend in Florid named Chad. Asked him how it was hanging. He didn't get it.
Holiday tip #12 Multitasking - while the family is watching tv or doing homework, use this time to wrap gifts
He leaves tomorrow at 2.. I'm so not ready for this.
I ran into a table at the mall
Friend just invited me to Puerto Rico. Anyone been?
I messaged you via FB.
well good!!!
Thinking of going on the ghost tour in old town tonight. Sounds like fun.
I don't go to Wal-Mart because I spend more time trying to find a goddamn parking spot than I do buying shit inside.
Nice photo. :)
WHOO HOO! Better see u there! “: Checked out the guys for #wheelofMen Not bad, not bad at all”
University IT is investigating the issues w/ online registration. It should be back up now; please try again.
Psyched that we could get in for our inaugural From The Carriage House session! They were great, videos to come soon!
Wow! First baseball game out-of-the-box on is an upset. Greeley West 7, 3) Rocky Mountain 4. #copreps WP Grant Buchanan w/ a CG.
you should probably just get business drunk
RT Therefore, achieving the fitness level desired requires a different approach
On my way to an interview
#ChuckNorris There are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, Chuck Norris lives in Oklahoma.
Lil cotto lolRT Starting boxing training on Monday....its goin down. Gotta make sure im polished
I had a great class tonight.
Happy Mother's Day y'all!Took my mom to the Pit to get some good BBQ for lunch. Made sure it was NC BBQ, not that intolerant Mississippi BBQ
BIG thanks to our friends for coming out to our school and performing and sharing their message with us! We had a great time!
Sweeney was doing good. Guess they don't like him against Lefties
thanks for the follow. Have a prosperous 2012
Yo what up girl, pics look good on your blog
Live and learn from mistakes to be a bigger person at the end
Getting ready for 's video shoot!
Am Just A Call Away
See we ain't worried about a damn thing
come here
Damn I got a lot of bruhs graduating today
My Dick can carry 2 Bricks when erected ;).
Cuddling kissing <3
“: sometimes I just need someone to talk to”
Olive Garden for mommy's birthday! :)
oh! For new years!
this week begins the wedding wave again, two in april, one in may and june!
I literally cannot feel my mouth and I think I'm drooling too
": Why is alyssa tweeting to herself....." I do what I want
yes I believe in complaining on a deep and spiritual level... also the root of most good humor! RT :
with a single slice on the wrist your life can disappear in one night why does this feel so right?
CANNOT WAIT! I'm sure they all look great :)
Halloween Ladies Night! Oct. 28th-LADIES DRINK FREE starting at 9! $2,000 in cash & prizes for sexiest, scariest, and best over-all!
"Nothing will work unless you do." - Maya Angelou
REALLY DUDE?? Naw man.. Keep your money!! I'll never do a show for this cat again...
OR or ME? Both are great, and I'd say "Do it!" regardless. If OR, don't miss Powell's Books & take a road trip to Crater Lake.
I happy 4 U but I just wish they would have taken any other FM band station.
SMS "conversations" with is the funniest thing ever 😂
We'd love to, we'll be out there! : If you win will you meet out Bostons in SLC?
Dang, You Snapped Bro.♥
Linda Rosenberg is such a good speaker!
wow! too cool! thank you!
#WPA11 challenges with WPAs at CC: budgets, lg contingent faculty with less investment in school, no resources for prof dev.
White wines almost always give me headaches. But sometimes I want to drink a refreshing chilled wine. Suggestions?
being that we don't have time for a tourney, whats the prize for the best game?
Divorce your old story and create a new one.
Thank you. Everything recent there is cataloging. I'm more of a public services kinda gal, but I'll be looking into those.
~ Thanks very much for the mention!
Good Morning!
Don't come to twitter tto talk shit about me cause you didn't want me to see it on Facebook. Did you forget I use twitter too?
Haiku Plains Drifter
Big ups to my homie Jaylen graduated UK with 3 degrees. Business, Sports Medicine, and Music.
If happily ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
that's funny!
Really? Where did you find that?
art department blasting Jefferson Starship. I'm guessing had something to do with this.
Trying to make the most of my one-day work week before heading to #mla12 tomorrow. Yay Ocean City!
Who is the next "big three"?
5 in Texas
creep.. and no but I was talking about them
You might see me on ustream today..:) <3
All my relationships are loving and harmonious I am at peace I trust in the process of life
When did how good a player is start being measured by how many tweets they get?
El Cajon Council votes to put proposed charter adoption up for special election on June 5 in hopes to change from general law to charter
thanks for the RT, it is much appreciated!
Today sucked... Hate it when I cant sleep.... smFUCKINh
me too! We're doing something for National Craft Month mid-May. I'll reach out soon with the deets!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 34
T-Rich good fit on pretty much any team. Makes sense both Bucs and Browns would be discussing him, TB isn't trading up one spot tho
Heading to Hill Country DC 'round 1230 for pre-gaming #caps G6 and #pens #flyers watching. Hit me up if you're around.
According to your quote it's a disincentive for me to work so hard. I just want to pay taxes at the same rate as GE (19%)
You need to try one of those bacon-wrapped hot dogs they sell outside Staples center. They're the #truth!
your moms a boat
I am not watching the #DWTS finale Maria was robbed
RT for your chance to win a burger today for National Burger Month !
Congrats to D. Serchay on having Booklist's 'Review of the Day'! : "a first choice for public and academic libraries" www.booklistonline.com
Where annual elections end, there slavery begins.
lol because you were walking past me and i was on line
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
im promise to start this day off so cool man
haha its was kinda gross though too much kissing and stuff lol
I think we can all agree that one of the hardest things in life is trying to plug in your charger in the dark.
At #skinfactory time to get my friend some ink!
good thing I read Little Women a lot - those girls are hilarious!
Working on more images =) have you seen FB?
who? You or the kid?
I'm not sure I know what started this thread, but after a few chests you'd have some very caffeinated friends.
The ladies from 2 Chicks With Chocolate will be here on Saturday, January 22 from 2-5 PM. Come on down to taste their divine creations!
Hahahahahahaha! Go Nuggets!!!
thats right take yo ass to sleep
can we fire DC at half for his obvious misuse of Turner all year?
LMAO! RT : "Uh We have a partially nude male with a propane tank" #LexingtonPoliceScanner"
Ignorance everyday smh
Now, what is entailed in the Hole Behind Midnight game?
that part of Hillcrest need that bright red!
Well keep it up, we are all ordinary, but none of us are 'just' anything... :)
So far I like using the ip to take notes on class behavior
maybe I do just not tonight!
Yes, but please email our Box Office at boxoffice(at)centerstage[dot]org and they can help you out
i wish i could be and
I was skipping the commercials! Everyone's a critic...
Ha! Me too! RT : I'm *still* confused as to who's on which side of this debate.
still not allowing downloads.
Crows of people on rooftops, cars and atop roadsigns trying to get a glimpse of #discovery. would be geeking out if he was here.
#dearyoungself Save all the money you can grab. Now ask your Dad for his broker's number. In '86 buy every share of MSFT you can afford.
#OutoftheLoop The Prejudice Cycle: Ephesians 3. Jews would take the long way around the area to not interact with Samaritans.
RT : Make sure you're following & !!
Obviously out cut is not the problem. :) We're working to fix the other part. Thanks.
Okay... Here's how we're going to do this. I want to make this a little different.
Only way to get fed hiring reform to see traction is to get it into the bloodstream - get out of DC with hiring reform message
I feel bad for my dog
Hurry in for some of our homemade steak chili, come Memorial Day it will retire for the summer!
locate your lighter.
RT : U not welcome in ya own hood but u still rep it #StopIt<<<bruh u on a roll!
I just tried Aussie shampoo.
lol and it is even when y'all try to b unpredictable yall moves are telegraphed like bad pass
looks tasty!
Why thank you!
Game day...Get Focused!
What! I be followin' you girl!
look lovely!! Just finished "What Happened to Goodbye" great story! will recommend to many young females :)
Umm, I think the congrats are better going from me to you this wkend! V. sorry to miss it, but evry1 loved it-not surprising!
The good thing is that I live in Seattle where Pax Prime is going to be. I was there last year and it was great.
thank you so much for taking the time to listen to us! It really means the world to us :) make sure you like our Facebook pg!
Thanks. We'll pass it on to Perry. He's leaving the business, but he'll still be hanging out making sure his coffee continues
yes she does. My email is: . Just so u have it. I'll message u my number to. :)
what they set themselves up to lose!
Thanksgiving is going to suck but what else is new.
There's still time to look hot for spring break... and deals are still up.
We dont play when it comes to our mangos #NawMean RT : it's officially kill-a-nigga-who-steals-my-mangoes season lol
were you surprised about how many DTs and how defense in general - dominated the 1st rd?
A little high but with someone as hot as Altuve, need to move him off the plate.
ha! They just apologized on the air for the audio.
Happy Earth Day! FREE special treat for all our customers for our appreciation today at Elmington Park from 12-6pm
Remy Martin Louis XIII tasting? Don't mind if I do.
Jesus openly rebuked Peter, saying "Get behind me, Satan! You do not have in mind the concerns of God, but merely human concerns."
Huge spike in traffic this week. Thanks for all the support! If you're in SA we hope you go to our party; 'TU Goes to Acapulco' thurs night!
I'm not I just got on and it said that. Don't want ppl to know stop checking In.
Who's coming aboard the FREE Shuttle to Irish Fest at Blackthorn!?
thanks for sharing my tweets!
she's payton (:
Coffee is what i'm after
RT : Just got back from Comic-Con and boy is my ridicule tired. So...many...fat...superheroes // LMFAO
I will wait till they turn 25 than start yelling..I will give them their space to be stupid...for now.
"I will always recognize the sound of a movie projector." Best quote from Hugo.
“: Heading to #ManDiego tonight Team registration still open. Begins at 6 p.m. We love !”
Sale at the SWC Bookstore! All clothing, backpacks and hats 20% off through Thursday.
Like crazy. Holy shit. Best movie ever.
Be sure to keep up with Poised Creation for great future events!
close enough! :0
Menander~ The man who runs may fight again.
Good things always come in 3s, so what's next? gets his new contract, RB8 gets #exonerated, Badgers beat OSU?
I know is going to kill it tonight. One of my all time favs
If you say Dwights cool, but you don't listen to him. You are #notafan. Straight biz
yeah he looks angry because you made him eyebrows! Poor thing! I'm calling peta
my dicks bigger den urs.......!!! it was cold that nite!!! lmao that movie still funny as shit. #name it
TELL HIM TO SING YOU THAT SONG
I geta good hour on a good day bt2day?
My first ep: "Smith and Jones" My second ep: that series finale
thanks for spreading the word on a few of our articles!
Another for the secret menu: The Lord Bozyk, roast beef, cheese, grilled mushrooms, peppers, onions & fries, spicy. Oh yes (cc: )
Looks like is wearing Herve Leger...nice...
indeed it is.
when I'm with you
give thanks for the link!
I still like it :D you got a good choice in icons!! :D
RT : Were our scandals ignored this year? Cause we missed that memo...
April is earth month visit us at www.facebook.com/vedasalonspa and see whats happening.
should post more covers on her channel(: shes so good !
#lies RT : I would appreciate being included on such notes, considering I introduced you to The Hold Steady
Week of indulgences over. Starting tomorrow, I'll resume eating vegetables, tweeting for , and complaining about not sleeping.
RT : I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody."
Highly recommend "Unbuilt Washington" exhibit at
Momo's for a show. Great show, but the bar staff looks unhappy
And thanks. :-)
don't have a shirt to wear tomorrow. oh well.
I only know "this is" and "me" only cause I made a cd once title "c'est moi"
#oneofthesedays I will complete my NEW Cat Art!
We're 6 hours in, but we're about to take a little break and be back later with more for you to groove to.
#ff you rock!
Shouts to and we all about to get ship poplin
welcome...keep that so co pouring..!
But at this point, I'm going to be touching down in London in approximately 8 days, so maybe you can just give it to me? :)
He was out and wtf was Seth Smith doing out there
Need some #Big10AsSoftball Magic here!!!
Nah, I just look like one. RT Ain't you a model?
Spinning tonight Country Club University Place 5th Floor I love playing on this huge system
Eating sushi and octopuses.
What's running through my mind comes through in my walk. True feelings are shown from the way that I talk
I don't define my life by my past. I'm living today, and I determine my future.
TONIGHT is our Opening Night and we are SOLD OUT... reserve your tickets for tomorrow night right now!!! Running Fri & Sat till Oct 22nd
Ugh why school. Can i just go back and relive concert over and over again?
Thx for the inclusion in your paper.li. I'm following you in my fiction writing account.
To my amazing sister love you so much
#nothingsmoreirritating when u thought a stranger from across da room was tryin 2 get ur attention &u pointed 2 urself & mouthed da word Me
Hahahah picking the pictures for shot book has proved quite humerous...
Don't have your #TallyCardz yet? No worries! MyTallyCardz to order yours now!
I'm thinking that would be great for the digital image collection I manage. Anyone know any #libraries using it?
I'd have someone there in NOLA send beignets & gumbo up your way if I could. Hope you go soon. Enjoy the games. Go Cards!
disappointed the dentist wouldn't let me keep John's wisdom tooth that was pulled yesterday. maybe it's against privacy regulations?
it can be me
THIS RT : Why do people get so preoccupied with nature and what animals are doing when it comes to marriage equality?
Happy Birthday Kath. It'll be nice to see you on Friday.
Harry&Izzy's was soso but as far as there decorations its quit snazzy..
Listened to a couple of the lectures & plan to listen to more. It's not riveting but it does fill in some gaps for me.
Flurry of bills ground out in Legislature - Princeton Union Eagle
school is almost here damn it summer feels like it just begun
life's cool I guess. Not much new :( How's your life?
Womp. I'll just take some sleeping pills and pass tf out.
": A great relationship isn't when perfect couple comes together, but when imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences."
Google gone done it again with today's Zipper home page. Totally knock my thought process off track.
Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, Hotmail, Linked In and Skype...does anyone else have trouble keeping up with all the messages?!
What lesson is included in the free trial? Crisis Counseling
4 Ways to Use Twitter for Customer Service and Support
hurts but its over so hey thts life... sick of shedding tears for u
wow i wish i saw this earlier -- i was totally out there last night.
wonder if he plays tomorrow?
Not my day
that looks awful
#slcwebinar Have enough diversity in your network to allow for diverse opinions.
thank you! I'm getting back to my old self now! My MoM would have wanted that.
Slowly fulfilling my destiny as a Subaru-driving, cat-owning, barista/painting instructor. Funny how this all happened
The Music and Curriculum desks are in the process of being merged into one, located at the CCM window. By Monday, 24 Jan it will be complete
Yu MuthaFuckin Flat Face ANT EATER
oh stop! You're making me jealous! I just hope the grocery is open when I leave my sisters...
Goodnight! Had too many hours of work already.
My mom is digging the gorillaz ! Nice
Bo october snow!
Hey,I love you more then anything in this world,and you the my inspiration,just thought you should know<3(:
The Thing / Antarctica?
my uggs are cool and you know it! #jealousmuch lol
Just found out about a Nick Bantock retrospective in Denver! "Griffin & Sabine and Beyond" - it'll be a must-see for me.
#AskObama - Is congressional approval of raising the debt ceiling really required under the Constitution?
what's wrong with MS Word?
idk since you said you were getting that car for graduation. i was like wha? hes a senior?:o
If you had 4 stomachs like a cow, think of how much longer you could stay on the couch...
Someone is gonna be real happy with that beauty!!!
Make my $ hoe , get off Twitter
starting samples for my new book BOYFRIEND SWEATERS. picking yarns is the most wonderful part!
haha! Thanks for the shoutout!:D
Did not know u were also a chicken farmer!
Kids getting drunk off hand sanitizer!? what! I can't imagine drinking that uh!
#beforetwitter, only my facebook friends would know that I did not enjoy the sour milk I just drank
thank you for the rt!!!!I appreciate it! Xo J
Def. worth a re-watch! I love Alec Baldwin's blue eyes in that one - and he's so young :) Off 2 bed now - rugrats up early tom.
is ashamed ofall the beers I drank but then I think about the workers in the brewery and their dreams
I Had To Miss Your Ustream, Last Night :( I Was So Sad!
Omg my life is a love triangle. :(
Follow me lol
Thank you so much!!
I am a leader by default, only because nature does not allow a vacuum
I'm tired of all of these low-scoring games so far in the playoffs. If the Heat play the Spurs in the Finals the games would be in the 60s
well i'm a gladiator so...
Adios eventbrite. is moving over even registration tool to #active #registration. Thanks !
It's supposed to snow in Boston tonight...in October... You guys ready for Halloween weekend? :)
I've been 2 like 5 places 2 day when will this day end!
4 left. Only 4 left. It goes so fast. Sigh. Tonight is one of the 4. #firstprize www.kefproductions.com
Oh shit! Lock up your writers, BDSchrank is in the hizzouse!
I have no clue on what to do today.. Still in bed
Who thought wade can guard melo??
Whats the difference between a private night with Zayne Malik and a prize of $100,000 cash?? No difference. Same thing.
Sure enjoyed the intensity of the last three minutes of last nights Chiefs/Americans game.
I wish this summer would hurry up I miss my adopted brother
haha you have to do work and i dont :P but i hope your work comes out great :D
god bless
#its2012whyyoustill got a jerking crew?
C'mon you Reds!!!!
Everyone go subscribe to austin on keek he deserves it! <3 #GetAustinNumberOneOnKeek! good luck!!
Magnum sized premium alcohols, hooker shoes, & sequins
Wisconsin and Marquette maybe. Cal no.
What's the latest word on the agent/book sample situation?
“: Happy Thanksgiving :-*.”have a wonderful day mymy
RT : How was it?? Exhausting and exhilarating at the same time! :) but holy soreness!!!
": Owned that AP test! #nerdlife"
it's supposed to be water not water with chunks in it. Egh
AM yoga after a weekend of scraping & painting was like a Bobby McFerrin percussive session--full of pops, tweaks, cracks, & high/low whoops
Rightt now its a little Nirvana....
There your best friends too!?
I love your AVI !!!
Well you'll need to let us know when it's released and we'll give it a watch. :) We do accept promotional copies. ;)
Ass up nose down
almost done with this paper :)
Whatever happened to Paris Hilton's singing career?
Hearing this #boyfriend song for the first time, Jill been telling me about it. Not what I expected at all hahaha
Where is ...? Something funny happened after our convo the other day...; )
that's not very nice. You asked for an explanation.
"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out."- John Wooden
Price reduced! GATES 3-4 bdrm 1.5 Beth loads of space. Great neighbors fenced yard brand new kitchen. Many updates. Easy to show. 455-2443
Justice certainly is blind - those in power look away from the law at the highest levels of the U.S. gov't.
Lol, :) home laying down, missed you too <3
its for keys
Thanks! It's really not easy to suffer through this minefield of stupidity every day.
Hey you when can you get me on the calendar? It's been a while!
Im Not A Player ,I Just Love A Lot .
RT : Inspiring Lives Award: Urban Roots. Congrats Mark MacInnis.
i dont chase, i simply replace! <3
yea but u didn't invite me! Lol jk I'll see u this wknd
Holidays are the worst in this family too its the time of year to scream and shout and blame everyone else for your problems
The 4th service given preferential treatment was trying to think of is advanced educational services
Imperiled in a restless age
Headed out to connect with
okay so, I don't like that I don't live in Texas, and I don't like that I'm not 16.
well that sounds good.
Sometimes our silence sends a louder message than all the words we could speak. Be careful of what you say ... and don't say......
Where is it in jacksonville where i can find a nice sauna? Preferably a gym? ?
I know Money May had Bieber and 50 Cent...but who else saw Triple H in the background...that was the real hotness for me
Alright RT : And impress everyone with my 12 inch cock.
how's your mom
Our ABX cakes with maple syrup will melt in your mouth!
watching T.V. eating pizza #atthesamedamntime !
Allright universe I'm putting it out there, the Schwemers need a place to live.
You missed some great lamb chops this morning !
we sure don't! Only one life:)
Don't u love when u get a pay increase an didn't kno it tell u checked ur bank statement #GoodMorning so far I Love My Job
Lost salary and fines are not equal. You know this, Mr. Rovell.
“: Child Development <<<<<<<<<<” HATED that class
Singularity? Multiple prosthetic bodies? Wow. Crazy...but wow.
RT:: Great article from about former #TCU lineman Marcus Cannon. He finishes his chemotherapy treatment this week.
one more month till graduation!!!! <3 :')
No problem! Loved Caravan & B2B and this just builds on that! Can't wait! Glad to hear full 7 min edit & see TBD tour dates too!
it got a little windy didn't it? bummer for me too :-(
A little I love Lucy before bed always makes me sleep better.
I'm like Tim Wakefield in the sack - wild, uncontrollable, but still kinda shitty.
I would love to see a day when political discourse can become much more civil.
Silver springs!
David Remnick about to speak at the Daniel Pearl Memorial Lecture
Raise with AQ. Flop 863. I cont bet and get pushed all in. Down to $5K
whhhyyyy thank you! Have a wonderful New Years :)
My teacher looks like s fruit lope
Preemption Debate #3: Label changes undermine the FDA's approval process
“ We have too many AIRPLANE MODE Christians...playing games but unable to answer the calls" - Sean Smith
RT : How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a BBQ?
HAHAHA MY CURRENT JAM STARTED PLAYING WHEN I WALKED INTO H&M!!! "Glad You Came" 😍😍😍😍😍😍 Thank you H&M.
marylin! I miss you! I hope everything's going well and good luck!
hahah you saw me at a weak moment I couldn't walk up the steps I had to save my energy for the test...duh.
I have this weird urge to put my ass in a large bowl filled with peanut butter.
Diet Mtn Dew baby New York City <3
#nce11 ravitch: school choice sees education as a consumer good, not a social good.
It is probable for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its innate boundaries and difficulties.
Just upgraded to Business First Class... Not a bad way for Norway to send me on my way home. ;-)
app: a traveler's best friend.
How many e-mails do you get a day? E-mail expert Nathan Zeldis says a typical worker receives 50-300 e-mails a day! #TweetUs LIVE!
me and girl in date yah:)please don't jealous:p
I hate people.
...we're out of beer. And I don't feel good.
forgot my name in the 5pm news...figures...he still thinks I am some sort of an intern here.
What a place... I checked you digs at the lodge, and it was quite impressive..
Surprised the officials don't take this fumble away from OSU.
#LIS768 I like pepperoni on my pizza
lol I was confused. Thought I was spotted haha
#Money and
me too. Lol
Oral Proficiency Testing with an Interactive Avatar completed by Erica Gumieny and myself. Amazing technology for testing language skills.
Bought a kitchen table with four chairs on craigslist tonight for $40... what a deal! Free delivery!
Take the time to be appreciative for all of the blessings in your life & more great things will flow to you.
Last night's performance with was off the hook! Thanks everyone who was there to support us!
Goddamn, I dunno if I'll make it through this last class
All you have to do in Rachel World is relax and...
can't seem to sleep. GAHH!! what else is new? 😖
Haha yes!!! My life has been fulfilled!!!!":)
Wall Street Journal names CBRE #1 in Best Real Estate Brand For Reputation.
I am getting excited I keep refreshing I dont know why this excites me. probably cause I am at work 497 Followers (3 more )
I downloaded the app for the first time just now. Any other suggestions?
imrunning with serena
A relationship w/o trust is like a phone w/o service. And what do you do when you don't have service? You start playing games.
#peibud is a great hashtag, makes for some interesting puns
lol i'm not i'm not
Bill's comments are a direct contradiction of the athletes and celebrities of his time who spoke OUT - Belafonte, Ali, etc.
Um, you hope?! You know! It's AMAZING! /via Thanks so much!
"Fuck, I did it again." "How do you still have grenades?" "I die a lot."
My niece is dealing with middle school drama. Her friends are lying & causing issues. Gotta keep my cool.
I may think and talk aboit it but i dont fukn do it
throw my dollars up highAnd they land on the stage you dance on We got company coming over Would it kill you to put some pants on
I was wrong about everything and I feel bad o:
You did alright though--grabbing J. Jones and Manningham. I thought abt taking MM myself, but already have Nicks.
There are even websites that will pay you to read emails
your really cute and you sing really good ;)
oh my god... Hahahah that's scary
Agree RT : #USMNT lifeless, lacking creativity, stagnant, boring. Passed three games, never been so bored watching the team.
O that would be fun :)
I'm happy today is been such a nice day and I just love this cool weather here in ABQ.
Lets turn it up, turn it up, let me know whats up. Dont just stand there girl I gotta know.<3
The clap
The Vandals picked up a kid from your area. Matt Neal, 6'4, 255 pound defensive tackle/offensive lineman from Merrillville, IN
Studio refresh underway... what colors should we paint the Studio?
WOW! RT Publicist Kristen Foster says singer Whitney Houston has died at age 48, AP is reporting
RT : So excited about my most recent stop motion project - a sweet Valentine for Check it out here:...
Hey McMahon what did you expect? Made a fortune & now got no $ left so you gotta try & sue cuz you're stupid...
Korea vs. Japan in the WBC tonight...anybody else going to watch?
Do you know how many Kwh your refrigerator uses in a year?
All that's solid melts into thin air is a must see. Experience as new media at the new frontier in park city
I usually mix wedding cake and chocolate. It's so good! And then I put a bunch of random stuff in it lol
Dude wanna be friends again and im not california :)
my two majors have been ranked as one of the most useless majors. i'm looking forward to proving them wrong.
he is pretty handsome, isn't he? ;)
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I love the work you're doing - many thanks!
good game last not man enjoy seeing u get better and better every game man
I wish Chris would wear his hat more. He didn't wear it at all at concert on Wednesday
In the war between cats & dogs, cats definitely win when it comes to interwebs dominance.
What is ? A tool that matches artists with underutilized spaces #artistcitizen be part of it for
f* you, f* him && his whole damn spot !
I. Hate. Being. Sick!
Come on down and join us for Summerfest. Antique cars, shopping, food and Henna tattoos. Great fun!
I have always enjoyed your live tweeting of class but even more so today for its communication purposes. Thank you!
Also why did Tebow have to win last night.
lol your welcome ,:}
": Getting ready to leave so the gorgeous can cut my hair. :)" whoop! So pumped
These queries are INSANE!
It is bad that with all these holiday sales all I want to do is purchase things for me?? (my xmas shopping for others is already done)
IM me when you're home / when you get this. :) gotta figure something out for this weekend!
ally you abandoned us...you need to skyPe a nigga or something
Running late , only b/c its Monday *grrrrrr*
Can't wait for the Superbowl to start, I wish I had money on one of these teams so I would care who won but I don't. Still the superbowl
I didn't even get any yet -___-
Now drink up, if you know what's good for ya!
Is the #socent #impinv community too insular? Absolutely! We're all just talking to each other, search the hashtags-nothing new
Remember when we were friends...oh wait...
not sure if we can officially quote this one - but last night a poet told that it might be his new favorite album to have sex to!
Introducing my Son to Stevie B on Pandora while vacuum.
k-thrift stores in SF w/my daughter-anyone know any fun ones?
y? Thing is wen did he say it? Wat proof?
'every move'.. I hope that helps. best wishes.
Thank you for following us. Will be sharing your great tips with our friends & fans!
HAHAHA Thank you! At least there's one around.
yes you do...
Yes we all miss the chatroom but is up come on down
the stories i'm being told; can't make these things up. yikes
I agree. Ha. Crazy ass. Congrats to graduating though.
RT : Chicago tweeps: Have passes for Chicago screening next wk of TIME TRAVELER'S WIFE to giveaway--watch my blog tonight!
" A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere." thought of you when I read this. Thank you for what you & do.
Nearly all participents in "united tools 4 schools" have responded. Lets get the one stop start for schools live soon!
