don't ever scared me like that again I need you around I love you more
Does Connie Britton use a picture of you for Twitter purposes?
#HeadlinerFridays at Greenhouse will be the most talked about party in NYC. || ||
Yay!!! No school this whole week, so that means its time for a jump off mix !
Edge of my seat on Drag race!
Stem Cells Used by Medical College Researchers to Study Cardiovascular Disease
haha nice plug! I will be watching 5/20 at 9pm on my home course aka my couch of #AmericanNinjaWarrior on
Still, I don't blame the English department. Students just need to be more flexible in their thinking about writing.
Good morning, everyone! CEA Conference is over and back to normal. It is the birthday of Hans Christian Anderson!
Made chicken alfredo while my baby took off 3 diapers, discovered she stuck my lost work badge in the dvd player, and didn't lose my mind..
SXSW Gig at East Avenue Lounge Tuesday from 8:00 - 9:15! Be there so we can rock your faces off!
where are you off to?
I'm excited. Both times, it's seemed like a great place to be...now just to graduate haha!
Good ? , do you know? I noted 4K prop are partly or totally tax-exempt. MT : how many are city or church prop?
Q1: we try to go to bed early
great and you?
wonder what else people are doing?
Love those guys are rock solid.
Don't complain about someone not trusting u if you're not acting trustworthy.
same here girl
Yeah I can see him being evil
Class cancelled Friday due to Homecoming Parade. See email for details about presentation schedule for next week.
I should be in Austin about 9pm!
Always working! that and drinking coffee...
Is there a worse public speaker than Dr. Taylor?
And we're looking at ways to bring Handsome Coffee to EE and ARX!
is planning her digital research project and getting herself organized in terms of her NPS internship reading!
A lot of our ancestors would love to live in this time right know. B4 you do or say something make sure it means something.
haha. But it might be a good thing if we agree, I mean you could always use my help. Lol
#Konfront ; with a capital k ;
Wow, that mail is looking really dramatic in black and white.
I've been watching your TL. I hope you're good homie. <3
I've collected $165 for the Aids Walk this week. I think that's a good job considering how cheap people are with their money.
Thanks! I've added it to my favorites. Still sad I won't be driving by it anymore.
I'm Out Y'all
Just saw a pigeon on tv and screamed Kevin, my sister looked at me like I was insane...
Our work is done! I'm out! Have a blessed evening my friends.
You know you're making the most out of your #sxsw experience when the guy at the free food truck recognizes you.
#mscdeng3510 folks: consider your invention processes & how you learned them. Are they still developing? Have they become routine?
Sorry to here. 87 in San Antonio-Low 2nite of 70 Gotta love May in Wisconsin...40 and rainy, likely snow tonight. Boo earns...
Hella happy got my new phone
I Did.!(: Can You DM Vinny Please.?(:
I might be up there
you are too smart for your own good! it worked and you have been tagged on facebook!
I miss my kiddos being babies.
no, sorry I meant TMZ. I heard Nina say on a interview with our local radio station(Portland OR) that it could be over.
Me has a feeling with Tomlin and Hannahan are back fully healthy in a week or two. We see LaPorta called up and Mcallister and Lopez gone.
Matt Moore pitched like a seasoned vet tonite. We are going to need him to like this to have a chance to advance deep.
ha yes thanks. I was escaping the heat in the cool lobby of the hospital.
Is this your plan for me? Teutonic Plague?
haha, my other one, Avery, acts just like
Winner of the Above & Beyond #GroupTherapy Show will be announced tomorrow! Thanks for entering and Good Luck!
I swear I feel the ground move A LOT!!!!
When your pregnant , you don't wanna deal with more kids !
I see a wild finish on the horizon. What a comback for Tiger though.
then why'd you retweet it? And I do..
": ¿ɹəʇɐʍ ɹəpun ʎɹɔ oʇ əlqıssod ʇı sı" ... Yes it is , that's where the salt comes from ... That's deep bro!
Rainy day in Boston...Good thing I bought the
i went to west high they ain't teach me how to spell!
Upper Middle class to rich, yes. it does pretty much nothing to help those on the margin of homeowning.
GREAT picture.
semi what do u think of that name
Unless you have an extremely AWESOME one! which i def have to fill you in on...
MT : Last chance to get your copy of THE KENTUCKY DERBY signed B4 Saturday. Go to to see from 7-9.
Lol at world peace playing football on the basketball court
You should follow your Army (;
Horizon Technology Finance to Present at the 11th Annual JMP Securities Research Conference
It's as if Santorum really thinks Democrats in MI voted for him because they want him to be president...
Thanks for the heads up Joe, we will do our best to give a help.
Happy Birthday to Ruth Otero - A great woman, a Great actress. Come celebrate and see her show Wed night! www.myonepersonshow.com
Whooohoooo! So proud of you guys, professional writer!
Taco Tuesday is never boring!
Thank you, Joe. Doesn't seem real yet. So, so sad.
I've had a pretty good day today. Finishing this night watching the and watching some NHL w/my bros & :-)
race does not affect penis size...google it LOL
y u say i got a spam account thas crazy n weird is ur account a spam account probably is
Life would be pretty boring without a little crazy.
What is your reaction to Hundreds of students demand Obama pass the DREAM Act & also demand Obam leg…
#ESPNWBB idk how you can mention top underclassmen without mentioning
Do u like or dislike Smackdown?
Life is hard but love is sad but God put love life earth a great Thang
alcohol boarding?
Perfect! You are all set!
why just okay? Lol
Ready to fit into those skinny jeans? Now's your chance to save on the F7 Fold Away Gym- Learn About Our Special Offer!
#GOP Billionaire$/Buffoon$ R Betting,Bribing&Buying ALL #GOP VOTERS w #Turdblossom #kochbros Corporate Ca$h 2 DISTRACT&DENY YOUR
Would you guys mind a 5 minute video? #tizfunnyz (;
"Garnett's feet was set so it doesn't matter that he moved his upper body on the screen its not a foul." Yes! It was a foul!
Wow lol RT : #Pisces have more stamina than the Energizer® Bunny. They just keep going and going and going :)
Billy Currington - Good Directions... Amazing song :)
it is a state ID, not expired, and not mine. Just want to give a colleague a congrats drink!
I just love the show #undercoverboss & I'm so glad #OWN picked it up!!!
yes I have! Computers need a reboot once in a while. Who's to say we don't either. Hope tomorrow is better.
i'm shuffling my ipod and not changing any songs.
I'm only mildly embarrassed to admit I think the Hunger Games soundtrack--w Neko Case, the Civil Wars, and Punch Brothers--is kind of great.
No not like that, only as a bad influence friend. Hm the thought of him being a bad boy stirs the imagination! :p
Welcome new music followers!
Waddup Bro.. Been a decade. Who you shopping for these days?
Wow people who work at salons in LA live in a very small world. Cracking up.
Oliva Cigars event Thurs Oct 27th 4-8pm the main event is at Rockville but the Oliva specials available at all 3 Signature Cigars stores!
the cars sound so much better with out all this off-throttle difusser krap....
if you bypass your own router and run the speed test again, do you get better speed?
I've moved to | Totally done with
if you want to buy a custom fetish clip... I'm pretty amazing. Contact me via here. :)
I love you too, babe ;P
I feel like I'm bad luck but when shit happens that's life
did the other team not show?
All comfy, watching a movie.. only thing missing is youu. Early bedtime tonight
Kerouac wrote a haiku that goes "Useless! Useless! Rain, falling in the ocean." Does that apply?
#FridayFightAgainst not seeing your freestyle video
we are very conscious of this. We are also confident it will evolve over time. Our sangha is getting younger. This is a good thing
Small price to pay for no soul
Recv'd 100 press releases for diet experts today. My fav health advice is from Eat. Real. Food.
Looks like it's time to hang the mic up, going no where fast... Thanks to those who had my back, time to move on... Haan
I plan on pr for regionals right then pr for finals the state break all the records of the events I running in
We are committed to bring a significant change to help youth prosper while in foster care & eventually find a permanent home.
Teaching an Inclusive Business Model class at UW's Foster School of Business, and remembering just how alien the concept is for many......
Apartment hunting is not fun. at. all.
#Leadership is releasing the talent, passion and intellect of those around you.
glad u choose to celebrate your special day at CUMIN!
Back in the day if a nigga reached it was for the weapon, nowadays if a nigga reach its to sell they record.
the FED or by use of Gray screen or BIS.
free the west memphis three today!!!
twitters poppin around this time.
that doesn't sound good.
don't know about that one.
ah. That's 6pm my time?
back to school tomorrow ugggghhh
I was taking a flight to Florida & saw. Bunch of girls going 2 a conf. For Mary Kay on plane, they <3'd it, said $$ were good!
I'm basically signing with you at work cause this girl is 19 and a jazz dancer..so strange!
am so jealous! no snow in the forecast here.
ying yang twins radio>>
no question
Energy and persistence alter all things. ~Ben Franklin
Six Ks, 65 pitches through 5 inn for Greinke, who has only made the one mistake on the double by Stubbs.
we are a band.
Come stop by ! RT Having some and catching up on emails and rsvp's. How's everyone's morning going?
I'm not going to show any interest in you if you can't even hold a conversation.
it's also bad when you have kids that wake up without understanding what time the clock says.
Learn the risks and rewards of investing in the future of energy
But you KNOW u want one...
On Doctor's Day, one of my vendors took me to lunch and my boss gave me 2 bottles of wine!!!!
Celebrating my Bday with some of my favorite DC restaurants: , & That's right...I get 3 Bday meals
oh no...where am I going?
Something's gotta give. Change is good right?
I am single but it's not about bein single get your mind out the gutter lol
a model of holiday flexibility
She gets to have all the boys of PF camp with her. :(
I see you're giving away The God of Small Things. Did you read it, and if so did you like it?
Drank some brown fluid they called 'coffee' followed by some orange stuff they called 'juice.' Suspicious of the water, which is crimson.
10-0! That game last night was close. , call me. I have some plays in mind we should discuss.
Streaming performance What a great set
'Rent in regards to percent of sales should be under 10%' Frank White of New Markets
We're reached 59 Facebook Fans! Who will be number 60? www.facebook.com/InnerHarmonyTherapyServices
Q: What is the difference between an illegal immigrant and E.T.? A: E.T. eventually went home!
M pizza finally lol
Thanks! We love the support....and BBQ!
oh no
Got confused and tried to find the "Like" button next to a tweet.
FREDDiE ASS JUST ALMOST KiLLD US OVER A DAMN BUG &&ND SLAPPED THE SHiT OUT OF HiSSELF!!!!..THAT WAS THE FUNNiEST SHiT EVER!..KMSL!!!
If your a true belieber show UR support by following me and Thanks for the support guys #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER;)
First day of classes ☹ third semester here I come
Touring has made me come to realize that I have a short attention span.
over to this #Lakers #Thunder game.
Follow my girl
No wrinkles = no makeup = 99.9% white ppl have wrinkles while 52.5% black ppl have craters smh
“: you want to get fingered?? Lol” just like Freddy...
Check out today's film-method.com podcast!
sweet- tues should be good! will confirm over the weekend :)
coolin at work.. watchin time fly by... bye
We r currently looking to contract with couriers. If u have your own vehicle and insurance, please email
I best be seeing you tomorrow. After all, you're in highschool now :D
Are you sweating the Heat?
Mark Pogue is our audition #3 at Radiant Studios with and
The Stones,brew and a beautiful summer night #can'tbeatit
Every time Im in my car and Adele "rumor has it" comes on the radio I turn into a sassy black woman
your tweets have been making me painfully sad lately haha
I sia doh hey mike Gordon thnx for that n he said idk why pool wanna shake my hand I just went to the bathroom n I said thnx...
“: I need someone to come cater to me!”smh!!!
Looking for a #Cleveland stuffed animal maker. Help?
Monday all 8th are $40 no tax...Sour Diesel
RT : The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be. Being alive is the meaning~Joseph Campbell
This is my last month in the apartment I've lived in for five years.
S/O to and good people!
A dream is a wish the heart makes
Hello Tourists!!Breckenridge is packed...DJ Cyn Spinnin at The MotherLoaded Tavern Tonight! Its $3 Whiskey Wednesdays...I start around 9pm!
Every morning as a #recycle artist, my brain races with ideas. It is good to create! check us out www.artisansgonegreen.com
I can't lose bitch im so use to winning....bang bang
I really enjoyed the tarred and feathered part the best.
Yaaay, thanks haha(: you deserve a lot more susbcribers! I hope you get 500 soon :D
and for some places/people giving up that control is a major roadblock
What are you trying to say. Just be blunt!
Nice game for the Pens in Philly. Tune in tomorrow for the Caps v Rangers. Go Caps
me too
just wrote it... it sucked. #thewireseasonsix fucit.. i have other ideas.k?
It's National Library Week, where are my librarian themed presents!?!
“: Just finished a run with ... so hot and exhausting, but we managed to get it done! Whew!” thanks
#AwkwardMomentWhen there's a house party on your street and you weren't even invited.
Snowing in Sandia Park & in Los Lunas, brrrrrr.....Perfect for decorating the tree and watching movies tonight.
did you know cars move on their own?
He Godda Big Dick & Know How To Use It .
Thank you so much for posting my piece
Find out where Rania is cooking from and meet some of the Disney On Ice characters who stopped by on today's show - we'll see you at 9!
watched 21 jump street, lmao good movie, and i won $100 at the casino
wasn't overkeen of AC/DC's Black Ice Album, until this afternoon.... ROCK ON.
Awww is adorable in Bring it On! She looks so different!
Great works R performed, not by strength, but by perseverance. ~ Samuel Johnson
What Do I Do After I like It?
God bless the broken road, that led me straight to you
This video is beyond amazing.
Outdoor filming tomorrow downtown(ish)- in semi dressy attire- temp is looking to be 99 degrees w/out factoring in the heat index. Oy vey.
The language of sharing.'RT' didn't exist when twitter 1st went online. Like giving academic acknowledgment
sounds good to me, sometimes I read it that way anyway!!
heey can you do me a favor? Its for a good cause!(:
“: Well, questionable calls already... Wait, aren't they in okc building???” - u whine about the refs more than anybody I know. Smh
Novacane numb the pain.
Billboard near Fargo: BE POLITE. Shouldn't they say please?
damn that pretty good we were undefeated until our last two district games
Have fun at the game! RT Spending the day in the heart of the city and then Bulls game tonight!
Niggaz tweeting about these Jordan's #concords like they red bottoms
Hit us up for tickets to our show Thursday Nov. 11 @ Soma in San Diego W/ Jeffree Star, It Boys and DEV (fly like a G6). $12.
It was kind of a theme!
why in the world is Lucas in the game right now?
Today I picked up a temp handicap parking sticker and can't weightbear on my L leg, yet I'm signing up for a half marathon. #Ibelieve!
I've honestly been thinking about it. It would make my mom's day, for sure. Heck, her year.
Get ready for tonight's game!!!!!
are you? Today is my birthday and I want a gift like that if I could follow would be one of the best gifts for my birthday
What Channel & When Are The AMAs On ?? ANYONE.?!!??!
Thanks for all the RTs on the video!
oh no! What happened??
Waiting for Pretty in Pink to start at Crown Center.
PLEASE stop misspelling the name of the song in this automated tweet you keep sending! It's JitterBUG Waltz not Jitterbut.
Just landed in New Orleans. Can't wait to see what this place is like on St. Patrick's Day and round 2 of March Madness.
Haha, well I'll be there in one week's time!
I ask my Children to say their Prayers .One Prayed God stop all the Wars except on my Video Games.lol
The question: in a world where knowledge and teachers are nearly ubiquitous ... what changes? We are in THE MOMENT.
I just go w/ laughing at them because it's like arguing with a child who feels like they were wronged on the playground
thank mister wan.
bout to call it a night got a full day ahead of me tommorrow
“: Allow me to remind you who runs shit. Me.”
that is very impressive as well!
Yael's right. I did a story a while back soliciting new flag designs for KC. At least a dozen were way cooler.
ahem like me xD
if it's a library job, try I Need A Library Job (see fbook).
: U know silly!
When youre in Madison, WI, make sure you check out
Donor & frequent WH visitor Barbara Walters to #Obama on #TheView: They say you're cool & aloof but you've been here 4 times & always warm.
This smell.. it's making me go into a dream-like state, my head is clouded, and I can't think straight. It isn't a bad feeling, honestly.
You know you smoke a lot of weed when you come to a point in your life where you wonder if you should have dreads.
S/O to Driving through your neck of the woods.
Hey Algren winners, what role does wit play in your stories?
Let us know if you need any help. We can easily match you with the scholarships you're most likely to win on our website.
oh r u serious?!? Lol
Now I can watch golf for a while. Thank "God."
then another one was hair loss and he said ' well i don't have a lot of hair on my head but i have a bunch in my jeans' EWW GROSS.
you didn't get a ticket!?
Big win in the Little Dance! RT : Leggo UMASS!
Vintage Shins tunes make up for disappointing lack of dogs at Starbucks this a.m.
A cute gray and white cat appeared outside my window. My little tabby was not happy.
well, we haven't made our movie debut yet, but keep your eyes peeled for an Oscar-worth game of fetch.
better make my money lol
welcome. Happy to help.
Peyton wasn't too happy bout that sack
Follow us for updates on the upcoming Thompson Library re-opening in August!
I'm not a star, somebody lied... I gotta choppa in the car...uh uh.
Everthing they're saying is true. Your music is just so real/true/beautiful just like your spirit.
Happy Founders Day to our sisters at ! Sigma Sigma Sigma was founded on April 20, 1898!
Today is the day! See you all at the Rail Club in Ft. Worth!
ha! You're like the fifth guy in my anecdotal survey who hates wedges. and nah, mary janes are cute.
Switching gears to be in the shop tomorrow, fri and sat! Excited about 's espresso in house and visiting with JSJ fans.
I want to be your boyfriend!!
thank you
“: George Karl should've never said JaVale reminds him of Kareem...”. Kareem Who??? Rush??
WatchN Zimmerman in court right now tryN to get out on bail..btw, i want a few million $ while ur@ it..
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first. Shakespeare
Awesome, thanks!
I don't really have strong feelings for any of the teams today - but I really hope the best man wins!
Thank you for the RT! I hope you enjoy the story. It's dark and evil.
looking to get ur local company listed in Google Maps our company writes optimized listing that pull urs to the top www.seyboldinc.com
I'm not that stupid dumbass..
omg that made me laugh a lot :D. That was really funny :D hehehe
that should be an incredible amount of fun
Like I'm giving it up for a donut! RT : It's a home shutout! Your ticket is good for 1 FREE donut at participating !
Looking forward to it!
Nasty memories of 9/11 and aftermath - I get so sick of every American on this day. (Present company excepted)
Fabulous night of #winetasting with my Love <3
Words can't describe how much i love you . <3
Buffett'll tough it. Here's to hoping for a speedy recovery and a significant investment towards finding a cure.
Thank you so much. Every once in a while I have to get on my soapbox. LOL
im a cancer and cancers do a lot of impressive
You will! You'll give me an A, right? :)
WERE TRENDING #BoyzAreBack OKAY.
Always good when you find something of pretty important significance to your research and it isn't even 11:00AM.
It's great watching Bill Self and Roy Williams try to undercoach each other
With so much drama in the LBC it's kinda hard bein' Snoop D-O double-G.
is an extremely funny man!
Just saw a guy talking to a fire hydrant, weird haha
I had such a great time shooting the 2008 magalog!
hahaha you know it! Can't wait to putt-putt
Working at a coffee shop. Great way to spend a beautiful afternoon.
TY nothing IS going to stop me now PREPARE 4 THE RUSH
Get your free YouTown T-Shirt at our booth!
{face palm} I feel your pain Honey.
Find ways to reduce your staying costs on a vacation.
Me: "it sounds like you're rapping girls outside, shut up." Neighbor: "sorry, u should come join!" Thanks but I think I'll pass this time.
If anybody is not subscribed to , they should be
I have some travel budget for a tech conference that I need to spend. Needs to happen before June. Any suggestions?
No hate I swear check my block list
I just looked at one #oomfs retweets just now and I realized I don't like to make eye contact when having sex
Would loved to share an art studio with you one day!
goodbye yellow brick road
SundanceAutos thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Probably much higher social & *political* literacy rates in 1776
Save your breath...You'll need it to blow up your date.
hey wtz up
My ticket is purchased!
Bronchitis=inflammation. Turmeric=supposed anti inflammatory. Is a tsp enough? Good science, right?
But the good ones go..
Hmm..worthwhile RT : The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core & building your existence on it ~ D Chopra
Same here! Sorry I missed my name in lights!
Last chance to answer today's question! We will RT one at random! Today's question: What was the first song you ever heard?
Lakers center Andrew Bynum scored 20 points with 14 rebounds and 1 assists in a loss to the Thunder
aye thats how we do in san marcos! Hahah you can get me some chicken E next time we hang bro!(:
He just looked so sad, sitting there gobbling his peaches and thinking about Clan of Xymox 7" that he can't find ANYWHERE
For #earthday I'm #decluttering by getting rid of all my "how to make the perfect #tacos" books" and recycling them. #tacos are innate
Have there been any #Trayvon-esque incidents reported in your local media? I'm doing a research project & would love to know deets, links
It is impossible to win the race unless you venture to run, impossible to win the victory unless you dare to battle. -Richard DeVos
according to one of the root causes of tag mismanagement: laziness
A2: If there is a sidewalk, we'll be running down it! :) Summer time Chi! :)
good night with :D
Good experience Thanks for the conversation.
Austin's turning 16 in like a hour. brb crying
is live... AND it has a push notification bug. brilliant! i feel your pain
SOX: Ubaldo Jimenez knocked out as Ryan Sweeney singles in another run in the fifth. #RedSox lead is now 6-1.
did you ever know that you're my hero
Yea it does!
Niall! Why are you always in my dreams?!? (;
LOVE= You La Me.. I La You.. #TheEND# {ItsSIMPLE..DON'T make It HARD}
Greatest of luck, I hope all goes well
Our panelists are Anne Benge, Unisource Solutions, Inc. Kelli Clear HR Dir for Barney & Barney
-- wrapped around / this world's flower / hazy moon #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
it was great to meet you! be sure and check in next time you're stateside!
Is it crazy I want to do push-ups between mixing songs tonight? I have all this pent-up energy...
thanks a bunch!!
fuckkk. i was doing hw and i closed the wrong page -.-
Congrats ladies! Screenshots? RT : It's our dress!
yeah, but the new update fixed that. Me and are in the 140's
Just found the rainbow at the end of this awfully cloudy day
Last day as UTSA's University Archivist today. It was my first job out of library school and I'll miss it.
About to lead the Pledge.
pretty flowers :)
Congrats! :) And good luck on exams! :)
heck yeah I checked it out it's great. Thanks for checking mine out too!
Ha! Our game makes more sense now!
I can't respect someone who gives themselves the name Diablo Cody.
i just forwarded you the dj pack for precise single "it's on me" clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
All you need to do now is trade in your mini for a pickup truck with extra large wheels and then you're set, lol!
Dear Pinterest, When you are broke we can't work or be distracted. Please get fixed! -Thanks Pink Media, LLC
A change is gonna come.
Aw, you were kidding? A-duh. Great song though.
Busy, Busy week coming up!!!!!!!
Holy shit! ESPN First Take is now 45 minutes into sucking off/bashing Tim Tebow. Leave the kid alone and talk about something else.
That's true. So why not do a gag order?
If I barley have time for my boyfriend and myself what makes people think I have time for they ass
US Senate votes today on the President's "Buffett Tax Bill" affects only those making more than $2M/year. - JDG
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I Like You... But You're A Hoe... Hoes Are Liked Not Loved...
I got your DM and I DM'ED back hope you see it
holy moly-what company to be in! Thank you! Was thinking the other day about how amazing you are and how much you inspire me!
YES! "Pink&Purple" is going to be available on every digital download site (iTunes Amazon extra.)
RT : Schoenthaler: Preserving Dig Herit fr NDIIPP: "fear of loss fr all stakeholders" & “think of the Baghdad Battery”
I have a cat&he's sexier.
Thank you for the follow. I really like your philosophy of "plant and sow". Incredibly true.
Today is my 19th birthday!
Great Bon Jovi concert at the Chicago United Center tonight!
Indonesian health minister dies from lung cancer - Sin Chew Jit Poh
What the lick read?
thank you sissy!!
is my idol too
“: "Restoring the American Dream: Getting Back to Work" @ 8p Sun - how to grow jobs quickly.”
u ain't gonna do nuffin!
Sushi is my new favorite food.
I don't think I can listen to sports talk radio anymore. Everything is always the #bottomline with these callers.
I thought the voice was gonna be she was perfect.well Congrats.!
In explaining #java to me, : "Each time you open a program, it's recreated and not frozen in time." He just killed my Sims.
Dear haters, why spending your time on hating someone when you can spend your time on loving someone?
My talk with >> I love her so much, no one will ever understand. She is my big sister.
Getting ready for the #WCGAPS Investigation of Casey Moore's evidence review today..should be exciting to see what we caught on video...
What joy it is to pray & to feel Gods love
RT : ah man! im excited.
#1ThingIfindSexy is a great smile :)
Anyone up for some #madwriting this afternoon?
God i hate my sister with a passion... #GoAway #I'mBeingSerious
So very true. My love of traveling will have to take a back seat (although shopping has a new, fun twist!).
just imagine what it will be like in 15 years where there are that many new people that live here. #transitnow!
Firing up Market Samurai - simply the best, most powerful tool I've ever seen for finding profitable micro niches.
You were given this life because you are strong enough to live it.
Just sitting @ home watching The movie Shooter. This movie is big time..
its true that you can unfollow, but ideally no one should have to.
I'm thinking that Roger Goodell was a bit annoyed.
Damn the #brunsl lose
"Where the Streets Have No Name" blaring on sound system at Oriole Park, making me think of
yep... Loser
Told my daughter this over the weekend! So true. RT : "I hold that it is none of my business what people think of me." - Ashley Judd
Be- common
us/non-us split?
Someone bring me food
so is that his nickname u gave him? He must really like milk. Can't wait to c how funny he is
Stupid freaking phone has to ruin everything -.-
do I want to know?
Jealous! Always forget to check in when I'm drinking wine :-)
Hey Ralph☺
It's all about who you know... *kisses ass to nearest cougar*
Yea looks like a super nice lineup this year. MM headlining though? <
I love it Tyson!!! SO IMPORTANT! Keep spreading the word and feel free to ask any questions! Blessings, Kerry
Happy Holidays!
; once again she assuming. just cause yah last bitch was trifflin, don't put me in the category w/ that hoe. cause I'm ME.
It wasn't easy but we did okay. Fingers were a little frozen but the show must go on. Haha. How was ur weekend?
The jobs keep coming in! Mail Clerks needed in #glenallen #va and an entry-level #clerical position in #fortworth #texas! Contact me!
You look just like her!
Every web page has the potential to rank well in search engines and draw traffic from other sources
RT": he'd cut your balls off. #backfired" touché.
having a wonderful time but can't get my phone to let me retweet what you said! Fun at Garage Bar!
Why am I Twittering? I should be writing. Now I feel like I'm slacking off if I don't keep up with the Tweets. Email part two. But cool.
It ain't cha spit game, it's ya dick game. That got me walking around ready to wear ya big chain 👌
OMG. you're amazing.
HEY THERESA...I AM SO ADDICTED 2 ur show...!! U AND UR FAMILY R GREAT....!!!!!
Joe Johnson is out of the ASG, does that open the door for Jeremy Lin?
LOL then again sometimes you should force them if they have a terrible doo :-)
welcome to philly. uh no. welcome to marietta
Itd be a while for NFL!
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and holiday season
BBQ Fried Fish Taco @ Good Smoke BBQ tonight.
early morning start . video recording, photo shots, and pre rehearsal.. see you soon Athens, GA
What happened to greasy spoon joints in downtown Chicago? Don't they know that some people prefer burgers over bean sprouts and stuff?
But in the midst of all this progress, scientists from Denmark are taking the time to ask an important question...
I plan on it.
sex aint better than love
Guess where I am! Stuck on the runway in Minneapolis. Guess where I'm supposed to be! NOT MINNEAPOLIS!
Praying for all those suffering from the effects of the tornados down south.
“: IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO LISTEN TO MUSIC IN MY HOUSE!! #ShutTheHellUp!” then listen to house music in the car!
Alright. Stay strong.
see...I told you Jeremy's albums were edgier than yours josh
Put a condom on your heart - and fuck your feelings.!.
Look at tearing up teh Twitter! I'll give the De Landa a shot.
No joke. $1 billion for a company less than 2 years old. Just awesome.
I miss my boy.
Now I lay me down to sleep I play the lord my soul to keep and if I die before I wake I pray the lord my soul to take.
Ok I have a account n I'm looking for new Co owners so tweet me if u want to be one
I support the coffee and the music choice. Happy Sunday!
Really E! voters, you think #TheHelp is going to win #BestPicture. I respect your boldness.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 20
“: Wow! You alright?” I'm fine. Just mad about it.
...on second thought, some of the crap (i.e., the crap I agree with) is probably warranted.
ha ha. Im finally figuring out twitter. Lmao!
i am fucking bored!!! i got nothing to doo :(
Love you back!
It's my birthday today. For my birthday, I'd love for folks to send me flyers from their bowling alleys!
Sleep crust around my eyes, I can barely see.
Universities are getting Phoenixed -- and the smart faculty are going solo. Cheap faculty will replace many scholars
#Raven nation
Fail, iterate, repeat. If you can hit an iterative loop without substantial failure, you may actually get somewhere.
”The Mind in the Making” by author James Harvey Robinson
Wondering if I am coming down with another cold :(
Ah, now I see, but still can't figure out Romney plan.
Join Swingfest Events attendees tonight! for SWINGFEST BURLESQUE NIGHT @ ROUGE 10PM, a Sensual and seductive venue. see schedule for address
Listening to new demos from - so excited for this release!
On the red carpet again; TriBeCa
c'mon...get out there! the temp is ok.
I was OK until you said boo Reagan. How's DC?
Looking forward to hearing Jeff Hoffman speak
oh okay , so do you want me to like the page or something? :)
Are there municipal elections in your are next week? Send us info and we'll spread the word. Remember to GO VOTE!
Maybe we need a change of tactics, I get them tickets next week, then start saving :L
I really wished I didn't live here :/
whoa Damn girl
u look soo cute in your pic :D
Happy 83rd birthday to the heart, soul & voice of L.A., Vin Scully.
thanks for pointing out WWLTV w/streaming storm coverage.
This club has everything..Ravbots, u know that thing where those scary human like robots turn into ravers,& have built in glowstick arms
word bro, just checkin
Dow says he has faith in bike shop and moving to hub will help
Aaaahhhhhhh.... the smell of fresh-cut grass!!
Teachers speaking out against Castle Doctrine is like saying we don't want our students shot. Not a controversial statement, right?
Happy Mother's Day to the best Momma on the planet!! I love you, mom!!
Birthday party now playing recording of brass band doing "Sexual Healing".
come visit us soon! The cookies are on us!
Hehe yeah :D
This week is fellowships week. I'm tweeting programs that can smooth the transition for PhDs seeking nonacademic work—and they pay.
nah. The originals. Lol. If it was korra I think people would be killing to get em
God has already given you everything that you need to create Heaven on earth. It is up to you to walk in your authority.
Man...really wanted to go out tonight but I think it's gonna be one of THOSE Fridays. 50 more pages of papers separating me from freedom!
On the floor, ugh so close
haha that's class. post a pic of this!
I'm stealing this from #clarkstown schools. Great way to show common core math practices.
Take THAT, Brazil!!!
I know!!! I love U2!! My brain exploded! bahahaha!
Working this week with faculty visiting from India and England on teaching between continents. Synchronous and asynchronous teaching.
Merry Christmas!!! :)
Too bad I miss you more!!!
smh I feel sorry for you buddy but ya ass better make sure dat work done doe
i followed back
RT : Don't miss Chef Justin Carlisle on at 8:48am this morning, making a couple incredible new dishes!
I love all her songs
so would the Rangers, most years.
Yup. Puzzled by the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' phenomenon?
He JUST did that!!! So cute!
It seems to me that good meetings are good meetings regardless of virtual or F2F
Best of luck! I am so happy to have mine, even with it's expensive quirks!
> An Employer's valuable time and money is saved to focus on other areas of business
Zack and Cody graduated, Andy gave away his toys, Hannah told her secret, Phil went back to the future. My childhood is officially over.
#DHOKY Drew Howard or ask Deebo for you're bike back.
Oh Wow! It's intermission of Actors Theatre's TIME STANDS STILL. Such a wonderfully powerful show! -Matt.
Did u get the info for radio show
• We're playing the Giants tonight & seems half their active roster on the DL, with Lincecum wild all over the place.
good session last night #BarsBonanza..Can't give em all of that..but a lil should leak...ha
haha guess your daughter did a good job picking out the ride...enjoy the new #pathfinder !
Everytime something related pops up on my feed, I say Bootstrap in that Pirate's of Caribbean voice in my head
This does not.
yes i know..i thought i would be an interesting fact.
Mosites Hard Rock Bike Nights tomorrow - Free show with KISS tribute Mr. Speed and we are giving away a Kawasaki Vulcan 500 -starts at 6 pm
Alright. We got this guy out. Now lets score against the bullpen.
We're open 24 hrs a day and we can rush deliver our designs or deliver nationwide! You need flowers, we'll get them to you.
#ucda Joseph Duffy building the visual brief
count it
I need one more follower!
I have an audition Saturday that I punked out of before...WISH ME LUCK!! o_0
Yo me and Nephew coming thru. Can u wear a hat tonight tho
Lesson learned: always travel to work with an extra pair of pants.
That's just too funny. LOL
It happens :D
New practice space achieved!
Join us at our free breakfast in Drake Park this morning from 9am-11am for food, fun and community!!
I luv how went in tonight! Thas how u do. Don't stand around look'n at ya pretty website & graph design. MAKE SHIT HAPPEN!
May the 4th be with you.
I woke up SO late
Wonder who all mad @ me
the high schools only number school but freddie is gunna be K-8th so im going back ithink
Can't wait to see the students for the Agency Tour tomorrow! Are you coming with?
Thanks for the shoutout!
let's be clear: #romney and #gingrich are horrendous.
I know it won't end this way, but I'd like to point out that ATM, your RBs (both playing now) are worth -1 pts.
is jump starting 2010 with 4 auditions and a callback this week. www.amandabrookelerner.com
today... is a country day.
This weather is like heaven here!!! because Miami's weather was starting to get ridiculous....
wow um, definitely losing hope since u have close to 18 million followers. No chance of you seeing this.
16GB Apple Ipad with WIFI up for auction tonight!
When exhibitions come off view, the information lives on in Wikipedia.
AND HOW WAS MS. GLANVILLE'S SATURDAY NIGHT.....?
Thanks for the S/O! :)
Kids sleep my time...yes yes
are we sure that Arkansas was ever that good? Best win was.....Texas A&M? Or..South Carolina? Gamecocks best win...GA or...Fla?
you're just the cutest <3
It's fucking beautiful outside :)
Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Cauliflower. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Karl Rove is right. Americans should focus on the Economy during this Election cycle. Are we better off than in 2009?
Your done with what?
"[Andre Ethier] I wrote you a haiku!!!" -- didn't know you were an eloquent poet/fangirl, ! Did you, ?!
Get up and do something boring that you have to do eventually anyway. When you get tired, go back to bed. That way you help ...
It's hard to reconcile a hotel bill that's more than airfare + per diems w/ inclusiveness 2/2
Christmas shopping Takes a while lol
97.9 the beat custom car show---> backstage---> I will be there..! Who all goin?
OH: He's really into.. I dunno how else to say this.. amateur cafe fighting
You just cranked this party up by some percentage.
He threw a chair at u and u aint do nuffn.
What email address do you want it sent to?
Was he an asshole b4 he played in Boston or did he learn it there? MT : #Papelbons AlterEgo 'Cinco' Has No Sympathy for
HUGE thanks to #JulieBlakley for designing the Biz Lunch's new, improved social media page. Will be on display 5/10!
I saw--and liked--many of the films leading up to the Avengers. I hated the Avengers though. That's two of us in the US!
no kidding. My thoughts exactly.
Thanks for tweeting the story about our class.
girl me too! fun times last night tho!
Kevin love with the game winning three?
Dropbox API is amazing for web apps, but has no PHP SDK? Personally don't need it, but disappointed to see PHP excluded like this
I have a meeting, but I'll be hh by 7pm, maybe earlier.
Gated Community 4 life.
Oh and I am werk in it out with #thewerks and tonight so even more reason to celebrate! 😊
And we were very scared of posting any comments when we see uncle added in your social network profiles
Reggie Miller and Kevin Harlan doing Thunder-Lakers game...this is going to be good.
um...it's my Birthday today!!! Wuhoo!
I have an audition for KFC today... do you think it's a sign?
T-34 Harmutty Estate Assam, so good with milk and sugar, great with food. What do you get?
When the heart is naive, the mind doesn't think.
Where do you get a "guru" degree? Haha Come on.... Just call it what it is #ahustle!
First Skype audition a success! Small indie, here I come! Callback in Iowa. Stop laughing.
1. Patrons mistake her for a homeless person.
Ciara - Like a Boy Beyonce - If I Were a Boy Rihanna - Rude Boy What next? Lady Gaga - I am a boy
Let u buy me a drank
ohh we don't have a lot of money so my dad could only get regular tickets, the VIP ones were like almost $900 all together
see you Thursday?
It's official. P90X is out to kill me.
One program organized and down, one to go.
T, I can't figure out how to send a private message on this thing.
Why is it we take full responsibility when things are going good but always blame others or have excuses when they're not.
totally possible. But not today. We are on our best behavior begrudglingly.
I didn't hide a thing. From u
and you wonder why im always gettin smart w/ you . smh and ahaa you spelled 'none' wrong : )
Hawkeyes on the cover of Sports Illustrated...GO HAWKS!!!!!
Lawd hammercy, the clean up is a pain. And "good around" sounds like how Mister said Shug had the nasty woman's disease. Ha!
Thank ya, kindly :)
Waiting for this interview at finish line... no one is here lol
Bitch you get no love, no love, and I don't need you no more.
2) I asked "take-away message" question & appreciated how you & Danny were thinking about the opportunity for action/change
your just wait until you see the house empty and the moving trucks in the front
Excited for #NavyWeek! Stop by Pinkberry Canal Street for a treat!
If your relationship has more issues then your magazine, you need to cancel your subscription.
I RT and followed
Thanks to everyone who bought Ice tickets to help support Indy Reads! We can't wait to see you at the game tomorrow!
Apt typo! RT : Heading to God Rapids today for #2012MAC! . . . On lookout for #ArtPrize treasures for
Gabe! Youre alive! how have u been? Follow me homie :)
How often do you get to do nothing? Isn't it refreshing? Ahh....
can't wait to see you 😘
Beep beep drive home safe tonight
can we consider you the enemy this week?
Time to go home...
Sometimes our hearts get tangled, our souls a little off-kilter. Friends and family can set us right. And help guide us back to the light
I remember that !! I was in 2nd grade
Why do white shorts make every outfit?
I was being serious :P
The Lebron stuff is just getting old. All the stuff (Decision, pomp, etc.) happened, they didn't win. Let's start over now.
Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots
do it :)) ill save them and publish one big post of your pictures and give you cred :)
lol I am not totally sure either but I figured it didn't hurt to ask! :) happy easter sir
...when this happens to the most beautiful human being in existence, you know there’s a chance for all of us.
yup I'm alive. How are you? How's ur mom & Dad?
Not a pleasant day at the office today...
#GrapeFest here we come !
Hoping my Bestfriend did grand on her tryouts <3 love you !!
um yum!
what up boi...how u been homie
"When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all."
Some people have never gone, but never lived in your heart. Some have gone forever, but never leave your heart.
loves indiana weather!!!
Yay! *throws the confetti in the air!* Now we just need and we can have a real party!
got it.
LOVE< LOVE< LOVE it! I have someone you might find really interesting. Can I email you??
JET Terry rockin' his flashy championship ring on right now. That things SHINES!
Ash Wednesday
Burger King is WAY better than McDonalds, with that nasty,cheap low-grade meat. I 'm not even sure if its real meat. #JustSaying :)
I love to stay on top of news DHASATRA拓展Xpress Money在印尼的网络 阿联酋阿布扎比--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(美国商业资讯)--
My manager asked me to make sock puppets. I've done them for fun, but is it bad to do it professionally?
Thx for the follow, and keep up the good work!
A base hit by Mark Teixeira, but A-Rod gets thrown out at the plate. Still 1-1, 1 out, runners on first and second for Swisher.
Yeah, that's what I told her. She gets mad easily. She broke up with her other BF cause he wasnt texting her cause his [c]
Saw the Jersey Boys musical a few days ago. Great cast. Fabulous music. Worth seeing. Frankie Valli is gifted!
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve
Justin Drew Bieber is a Canadian Pop Singer, Songwriter and an actor. Bieber is discovered in 2008 by Scooter Braun via his Youtube videos.
is now
nobody better not have anything to say about the good morning , merry christmas texts i just sent out . lol .
Fair really effective under the rim!
As mentioned at the Studio and in the Newsletter - this weekend is... the Final Student Performance of Solo Flamenco!
best new artist = artist that media finally realized existed even if artist had a solid following for years (ie Kid Rock)
Listening to Harold Allen Your North Star: via Cheers One of my fav songs!!
Oh, yes. It will be properly documented. :)
That's not necessarily true. I think Shaq's competition at center was significantly better than Kareem's.
yes sir. Search Ryan Estes Podcast.
I seriously hate the light before the south hills mall!!!!!
Haha that's a good idea !
Karl Hess and Teddy V would be proud of that.
Jack White apparently has had a sense-of-humourectomy. #TCR #Colbert Yumyumyumyumyumyumyum
happy bday can u add me on facebook
Good to know I lost another follower
I cant believe many people grabbed my boobs yesterday
haha. yeah if its still $175 then its not on sale.
Quite. Did you catch Downton Abbey? So good!
"That's almost perfect because it's so stupid"
proposes "alien landing class" for comprehensive learning.
I read your tweet and thought it was you said "TF2" and got real excited. now I'm full of disappointment :(
I was wondering how much was ad-lib, but then again, it's written by Joss Whedon.
Boner and pizza time!!!!
co-sign! RT Rangers in the East, Coyotes in the West. If anyone else wins, DONE.
More New Followers!
Lol.. That's very true!
“: ": I ain't never got used to... Being what I used to.. Be" #dreamchasers 2” you already know!
Making Valentine's Day cards can transform the annual holiday into a learning event
#Foxtrot v7.0 beta has just been released. I'm very excited about using the new #excel targeting features for enhanced data integration.
boy am i furious.
follow me please i love you so much <3 :'D
I can give you the name of a great house keeper... incase you don't want to deal with the laundry yourself... :-) hope you had fun!
for return client It comes with a free cut and style!
I miss watching new episodes of The runs house..
What show??? Just kidding!! Yea..I'll watch it!!! Looking forward to this fresh new look and feel of SVU!
RT : #olympics Miley delight after earning Olympic spot: World Championship silver medallist Hannah Miley......
and good morning to you
I KNOW! And i guess his shirt was all loose and you could see his abbs and im like -____- why cant i live in miami!
Life's to short to hide feelings. So don’t be afraid to tell people how u feel. You never know if they feel the same.
today's goals: realtime server-side video encoding and finding a cheap projector. those exist, right?
I know you never notice but it mean so much and make my night if you would please follow me back tonight<333
dam i wonder if Dick van Dike was really a dike? O_o
Baking almonds with stevia, cinnamon, and cocoa powder!
... semen is not propelled from the penis.
what would y'all say about a girl who is promiscuise a hoe or just shady real talk?
How many times does Boozer get the ball stolen posting-up in the paint? It has to be like 2-3 times. I'm convinced.
one of the best I ever played against played college ball at Panola.
check out the sunrise, it's purple
I got spunk all over my stripey shirt
Is your Transfigurations performance piece eventually going to be made into a DVD?
RT : My Twitter BFFs: Find yours
wars good?
I'm just days away from having my first baby, then I can finally crack open my Skinnygirl margarita bottle!
“: all of thee are legit .#UseATwitterNameInASentence”
OzzieG's apology reads as being very, very sincere.
cant remember the last time my phone was fully charged ..
No do you?
Who the fuc R u and WTF u confronting me and with u came from smhhhhhhh like deadass
praying for you bro
Symantec HoneyStick Project planted seeded phones.
I love coming back on my version of Monday to the weekend crew. See you ! Miss you !! Feel better
Still looking for help if anyone wants to help with my project - would seriously mean a lot to me.
No one has texted me back..nevermind
Thanks for mentioning us! Happy Friday.
Lol, I'm always here. That was a great convo we were having last night!!!
RT Would kill for some vox… Any #squarians out there with some acapellas?
What do you think about the President's shift on the birth control policy?
Any have community conferences suggestions? (I know about #cls11? others going? )
People that catch feelings easily.. turns me off.
Careful man. You don't know what you're messing with here.
season finale
thinking about what I'm going to make for dinner. what are you having?
there is a time and a place for everything
what a beautiful day!
#Skins in #Europe next week!
He's out there somewhere...~
I think the skipped the Miller Lite tailgater of the game again.. my 44th game this year, all I want is to win that
#FF to our new design followers. Looking forward to sharing tweets with you!
Maybe one day a man will do for me the way I have done for all these men in my life that didn't deserve it...
god yo hear gurl! Im okay (; and I miss you
Can't wait for the next episode...we need good tv again :]
we're playing the Bayou Lounge today at 4:30! addy -> 500 E. 6th street
I'll give you a massage if you study.
Thank the lord for battle rap!!!!
What ya think of the vid QoH?
Spring roll recovery plan: drinks. Tonight ?
Republican Congressman Tim Scott, who is a very conservative African American leader in SC is the Guest Speaker.
I gotta unfollow a few more people
glad there not chasing you
aye smell my shirt real quick , it smell dumb , [ In My CJ Voice ]
Support your local musicians!
Marc Gasol is going to destroy Chris Paul
you can take the girl out of Baltimore but...
Meryl Streep received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on this day in 1998. The Bridges of Madison County is my favorite movie of hers.
Twins win.
Waah. I will miss seeing kindred IA spirits at #ias12 but will follow along digitally. Next year in person!
Somebody thought it would be a brilliant idea to put my face on TV. SO ridiculous. My head looks enormous on cam.
What do you mean!? Embrace your culture! Wear your Clogs!
Hi Kelsey. I emailed you an e card. Did you get it? MMUUAAHHH
Need,some skate or die sbs
Can a #pacers fan, or anyone that follows them closer than I do, enlighten me as to how Larry Bird made better moves than getting CP3?
Lahiar why would you swing at that?
I know a lot people who have money, but no time. I know people who have time, but no money. don't MISS THIS Just ask me how?
Anyone got a shovel?
#Tebowgottradedfor a bag of fillipino foreskins
I love Worldpeace, but that was a damn football hit
Tip: If a realtor tries to charge you....run in the other direction. There are plenty of Realtors willing to help you for free
Auto manufacturers rumored to be testing cars made of uncooked pizza: crashes actually feel good and then you go get baked together
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand M... that's yummy.
And I'd be there to catch him, then carry him through a crowd a la The Bodyguard.
have fun!!! Where u headed?
Have you tried our Balsamic Glaze Chicken yet? Come find what all of our customers are raving about!
yeah! i'm not sure yet. it's all up in the air lol.
Beautiful day. 20 miler today at #freestate 100k, course sweeping and helping pace and bring in the last 100k'ers. #dowork!
Give employees an opportunity to discuss evaluations with their manager
did not match a single number out of 3 tickets....
is having its annual Revenue Forum. We'll be hearing from state and local officials about how FY13 will go!
$9 I think. Worth it for iPad and iPhone.
sometimes i ask myself, "Is this right? is this what i'm doing right? Would it affect anyone i deeply love?"
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: BBQ Ribs- $1.00 off 2 and 3lb buckets
Sometimes, a strange doggy coming up to you to say hi, with a stick in his mouth, is all you need for the day.
Penny Stock lovers I really see " LUSI.OB " really taking off this week. get it NOW
WHAT UP PIMP
Damn don't RIP us. We ain't dead! RT : Only the good die young.
opps meant use to sing opera not see
All the problems that don't get solved at the federal, state, and local level, go to the library
How can I get involved and help the digital initiative?!?
VA #comm_colleges want to see broadening of how performance is measured to include career-tech certificates not just AAs
RT : #InfantMortality #ABC All Babies Count. Babies Should Sleep (A)lone. On Their (B)acks & In A (C)rib
jumping on the #lwn10 train. Headed down to Tamp later this afternoon.
Which begs the question who is dumber: the politicians or the people who elect them?
Just saw a white family with an adopted black 3yr old on a leash. Beat that.
where u at now
Jays/Tribe head into the 11th inning still tied 4-4 #openingday treat
whatcha holding there??
I seriously had never heard of MGK before tonight.
#11DAYS until i go on tour
cool!! looks like fun :)
Thanks! He's in some really good company!
Honey, I fell for you the first time I heard you rap! #truth <21 #FallForMe can't wait!
are you gona watch the Devils game 2nite? Brodeur is a boss! Who is ur fav player??
And test visual, aroma, predator proximity & speeds, Colony size, race, etc. Would be fun!!
Ima kill these dudes on fedz today for cinco de mayo... Lmfao..im sayin it in the most sarcastic way.. but I bet ppl are sayin it..
Is subway even open? 😒
I don't even remember st pattys day.. Yeah that bad lol
How much do I love that the last song I heard on my iPod as I was finishing up at the gym was 'Closer to Fine.'
Gold teeth on a five-year-old. Have a seen it all now Baltimore? Have I? Have I? Or is there more.....
Best day of the year... Let the madness begin!
A large part of virtue consists in good habits.
I thought it was a pretty clean series. No cheap hits or anything. Some of their players made bad comments, but overall...
If that was a preview of the first round of the playoffs, I'll take it. Also
Dear Client: I do not care about your definition of "know" versus "know of." Doesn't help your defense. #youain'tbillclinton
Wow I have some weird friends
MT : Most air travelers on leisure trips, take money out of country. But airport expansion benefits airlines &airport operators
Eating mexican food before boarding was a bad idea.
Has even one of these random twitter 'X player spotted on Merseyside' been verified later?
Happy Birthday Jeremy Lewit and congrats on a great first staged presentation of DDJ! This is your year!
Rip anthony, I miss you brother.
Randomly fracturing your hand
OMG I wish someone would've warned me that zumba class was gonna be a fucking high school reunion. That's one groupon I will be wasting >=(
Come see our new handmade lights! Gene would love to pour you a cold one as you admire the lights just above your head.
Eat lunch or go for a walk?? Walk.
just took 4 big bags of clothes to the salvation army. Purge time!
Some black people are so annoying. A college education isn't shit without home training.
Skipped playing golf b/c I was worried my wife might go into labor....go figure, she's fine!!
Ordered the HTC HD7. Hope its a good phone.
I couldn't play if I die young 😭 I'm sorry ❤ x
if you tweeted me back, it would make my day! i love your show!(:
#ihitmyDougiewhen my parents actually let me do sh*t ...
I Can't Stop Missing You my phone new fav song it keep playing it
When a guy calls Justin Bieber gay i just want to turn and slap them in the face.
i need a girl built like a speedboat
What the
Elvis is amazing.
Special shoutout 2 an eclectic group of friends: love + success
is looking forward to having a Mexican-themed Thanksgiving dinner with Chris & Mommy...bring out the tacos & load on the cheese, please!
Always WINNING!
RT I wonder What happens when your mom counts to 3? --Either I do what she asked in the first place or get my head knocked off
I love you for that.
Yup, go seaturkeys! #Packers!
follow me back lovebug n nbox me on fb
Proud of these PVTV-ers for all their hard work this year!
yayyy! Wait, when is the first day of Spring?!! I can't wait for the sunrise service!!
ok collier... do 2 in one month average to one every 2 months?
gotta be proud of Pops and the squad for that big road win tonight.
Ross is a leader on foot patrols, police reform and re-entry. He's the man for the job. Go to www.rossforsheriff.org for details
brilliantly awkward
doing some filming for a friend for a documentary on the fall of the Berlin Wall
Did you ask at the security desk? Sometimes they move your stuff to keep it safe.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F FOG/MIST
Hate it when Scola does it and I bet Nuggets fans will KILL Galo over that gutless try.
What path are you going to Choose? Choose wisely
Where the number three is pronounced tree
I dont believe you....& I don't hug thing with foliage. Camo clad ppl or shrubbery. Lol
time for frozen one to be MVP. NOT...
Thx! URAQT3.14! Hope u feel better soon. While you're home 4 the weekend we should enjoy some Constant Comment tea together.
#FF to ’s #media from Wednesday’s event: + Gillian Flynn. Awesome panel!
one egg short of the omelet
Off 2nite. Back Fri w/my colleague It's that time again, time to raise $Cash$ For Jazz. Have a goodnight & a gr8 Thursday.
I don't trust my neighbors - had some that threw shit over my wall LOL
it's time to stop killing 100,000 animals each year. Reform Wildlife Services.
improve accuracy of song categorization softwares, also very useful for softwares such as itunes. right?
Think globally, act locally... that's why we follow and want to connect w people of
GTFOH,Man looking chic!
Thanks Chad, I'm looking forward to the occasional good idea :)
Mae West: "I've been rich and I've been poor. Believe me, rich is better." - Why we help you build effective websites not just pretty ones.
I really ought to create a press page on the site.
Huskies making me nervous... Come on Dawgs!
#TEDxABQ Rachel Preston-prinz - honor the past, make the best of what we have. Plant trees (local) on the south & west sides of your house
I'm going to miss you! Don't go!
Only two days left in the studio! :) Our full length album is so close to being done!!
Thank U Bun!
Do you know this terrorist? LAPD releases video of man who attempted to burn the Mormon Temple in Los Angeles. Video at mormonlawyers.com
hahaha, I love Daisy! She just needed some time to relax and stretch is all. :)
Going Fishing with my uncle :)
thx sharon! I wish the same to u :)
ok ok ok, if Beiber and Gaga were to fight,, who would win??? lol I think Charlie Sheen!!! LOL!
I wish my birthday wud've been on Monday instead of Tuesday (May 8) so cudve sang me happy bday@ the FamilyMeeting!Oh well:)
Felt good hitting Thai pads today then sparring sesh after!
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:D pretty pleeeaassse! 50
WHOTE PIECE OF TRASH
RT : #Broncos not in sweepstakes for #BrandonMebane, #Seahawks DT too pricey for them
#Marines. A misbegotten, unethical war can turn even the most upstanding individuals into something they're not proud to be. Disturbing. Sad
Happy 2012 everyone! My goal for this year is to make a kick ass web series with a girlfriend of mine and book a series! What's yours?
Thanks so much, hun! :)
Happy Founders Day ! Alpha Chi Omega installed Delta Epsilon chapter at on April 26, 1958!
yep... Had to order a part
Thanks Peter! I am looking forward to the gig tonight!
I'm also a good 10 years younger than the other company reps...
I've been working on platforms long enough to know that Apps are where it's at. Having both is better though.
Open our eyes! Bring us back to life again!
SO GOOD! did u notice how there were practically NO cuts?! well-there were like 15 AT THE MOST. i really only counted like 6.
Let's glorify him over lame, trivial stats! RT : For the first time in his career, DWade played 40 min in game w/o a rebound.
Goodnight tweet-harts!! btw i no i spell thangs rong!! its wat makes me, me:)
If youre not on Google+ and want an invite, send me a msg with your email and I will invite you! Its an amazing social media/business tool!
I only watch #BecauseOfAustin ♥
I'm there already , don't gotta tell me twice ahah >_<
UR4sure RT : Or in my case b/c i *want* to be! lol RT We swim because we are too SEXY for a sport that requires clothes
Not even halfway through the marking I'd hoped to do before class. Will do it during office hours if I can. Time for class.
THE MEANING OF BEAUTIFUL IS STAMPED-N-DIVAS
Husband will be on new show to talk about #99spring. Stay tuned....
Pizza time, um!
Double Orca all the way across the sound! We spotted whales on Whidbey
I can't wait for August, i'm so excited to finally go to EKU. :)
Running in the morning?
I went Hot beef.
Give our office a call 858 222 8242. We are happy to quote you a price with the international shipping too.
This day's going really good. But I feel like something's gonna ruin it, I know it.
can't wait to see ya guys tonight. Come down early, we'll be on deep ellum stage at six. Kick some ass!
yeah lol well i really appreaciate it!! Where u from? & have u seen Demi in concert?
the majority of the afternoon trying to make a music dvd almost as frustrating as trying to learn computer coding to fix my website lol
My insperations. CarrieUnderwood and I love you all!<3
Even though the Steelers haven't picked yet in the 5th round, I think he will have a lot potential.
there will always be a song in our playlist which we always skip, but never delete. :3
Look up: Edward Ortemeir white student arrested for holding a one man sit in against racial segregation I. chapel Hill
my grandma called me because she said that in argentina today is grand daughters day lol oh her *3*
just saw it on a Broadway account.
National #biketowork day is Friday May 20. Keep an eye out to avoid
thanks for the recommendation! We appreciate it so much!
-- I can't stop watching your profile pic of justin spazzing-out.
i hate my math teacher. k.
still the best!
Mostly because this team was built to play terrible defense.
Elementary backstroke is the key...:)
Yes, it was a great time, missed you guys there!
See ya later Columbus!
Hailie Jade, I love that NAME !
Now y'all decide Paul Silas shouldn't be the head coach of The Bobacts? #CartBeforeTheHorse How's that workin' out for ya?
Life on the edge,i'm dangling my feet.I tried to pay attention but attention paid me. -Lil Wayne<3
Is it just me or is Herman Cain answering every big problem with First we gotta grow our economy, thats why 9-9-9
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin. -Grace Hansen
Shows inc. 110 in the Shade, Hedda, Liaisons Dangereuses, Man For All Seasons, Pal Joey, Ritz, Sunday in the Park with George, and Godot.
yes! he never tweets... for now. But he should b/c I'm sure he'd entertain us all! he's if you're interested.
I know it's depressing we'll be separated for awhile! Not okay.
oh, maybe i'll do that tomorrow. was it cool??
SAY THAT!“: #np interstellar - " poking a pochantos... in this combat that you are so mortal in #FINISHHIM "”
I have done it for practice. Shouldn't be too difficult. If I can do it. Anyone can.
Another big missed call in World Series just now. Can we dismiss the myth that NBA refs are so much worse than anyone else? To err is human.
Hard to coach if you're going to have season tickets to all Badger bball games home and away for the next four to five years.
Being new to twitter-how have you kept your account protected and hack free? I would love to hear your tips. Thanks:)
Just saw your Style Me Pretty post! Nice work :)
Helping students with presentations in Omaha at a conference. They are doing a great job
THANKS SO MUCH HE HAS BEEN TOUCHED BY THE HAND OF GOD,STILL A WAY TO GO BUT HE IS A FIGHTER,WE PRAY FOR COMPLETE RECOVERY!
Don't forget to download your copies of the Embellish Saga Books on Kindle and Nook and other E-readers. All $2.99 each! Enjoy reading!
Yes - love Newseum! There's also the spy museum where 's sister works and I've heard is a lot of fun.
I won't try to sell you anything, but this nation owes you and your family a debt of graditude! Thank you and your family for their service.
Playing cornhole. I've never played before.
I have more optional guest lectures by visiting professors to go to than actual classes the rest of this week.
May I graduate well, and earn some honors!
Taylor's layup comes up just short, Indiana fans on their feet as Hoosiers now within 9.
#RockConcert is awesome!
hey hey! Want to help me with a new drawing project?
yeah I know
Pickup Line: When God made you, he was showing off
website updated oliverjmartin.com
Just finished "The Season of Second Chances" by Great read! Now I want to redecorate my room... & my life.
and very good it is too
Love the update, but it is lame that some features are now being held ransom with in-app purchase. Downcast it is!
Yes, please! Could you come to this Wednesday at 7pm for the volunteer meeting?
Receive a Massage for 20% off this week. www.celestialwindsmassage.com Deeptissue, swedish, therapeutic, medical, energy healing
hahaha i wish i got more than a weeks notice for it!!
taht infographic isn't 100% accurate. That being said its still a bad bill and Obama said he'd veto it so its dead
So glad that you could make it to our morning event and ! Thanks for your continued support!
Hanging out with Leigh Ann and park almost inevitably ends in slushies and hot tub
Real men wear pink!
ruuth, i also love #newgirl. c: it's dandy..
is a three point specialist. He has Jimmer range.
I love the Netflix/Ten Commandments suggestion. Jodi, how come you didn't send them this idea days ago?
I will complain every day about my allergies until they are gone.
#LA weather icons: sunny sunny sunny rain clouds with red lightning bolt sunny sunny sunny. goes which today is.
Interesting. I really notice it when I switch to my wife's ipad2. The screen is, for me, the only big diff
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone
Studying w/ in the lounge. Happy ?!?!
RT : "In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
Highlight for me: witnessing you geeking out over meeting John Slate!
I totally agree. They halted this initiative at least three times that I'm aware of. Let's cross our fingers.
you got me?
sounds great! I'm grabbing some Ska Modus as well. Need those hops!
its a great song!
For the Whole Holiday Spirit-Holiday Season is Really About Living in the Love-Celebration Spirit Every Day of the Year-Being the Gift.
gchs and warren;)
hey buddy.
come party with us chica!
Goodnight sexy mofos ;)
Heh! Actually, there's another fan in the building, so we exchanged movirs...
I'm in my 4th
is the kid for real or is he gonna flame out???
radio show tonight?
Impressive. Workout & laundry on a Saturday night. Just got back from First time there. Great time.
i have begun using our site for "committee" meetings asynchronously.
rt : "Oh, I like it a little burnt". No, you don't. You just suck at making food.
We love Mardi Gras in LA, but why why why do our kids have to have a week off of school
I am so sad for tonight.
Hope there's more coffee where that came from, them. Do you have plans for Sunday?
We need to create the life we want, with strong positive feelings, into the Matrix of God.
So the #Colts basically traded Peyton Manning for Drew Stanton...
Pls. ask followers to change password due to hacking. Some may have logged in to the fake Twitter login page & shared password
I love spamming people lol. happy birthday boo, i love you<3
“: forte's out for the game. running backs HAVE to hold out, man. it's really that simple.” very true!
Many thanx to for hosting the candidates night
Guys will always be able to make girls cry but if a girl can make a guy cry she must really mean something to him.
This will be a knockdown dragout campaign by Pres Obama and the Liberals. They are fighting for their political lives
Man my stomach is killing me
Due tomorrow. Do tomorrow
He's just reminding the rest of us who really deserves to worship them! You were right, you totally blew it up tonight babe! :)
yes and you met Michael! You should come to his free events
NBA Lovers - Chicago Bulls is hosting Washington Wizards tonight at the United Center. Get the game tickets NOW by calling at: 888-493-0004
yeah Lil brah same number as always right
RT : I'm down for the One Music Fest this year!!!! Tix go on sale tomorrow! :-) cc
lol...for real. But I mean she's just excited. Maybe she'll make it.
5 more days , watch this be the longest 5 days of the entire school year
i didn't say that
I know, been too long. What's good in your corner this week?
Tori, sorry I missed the teleconference had to work. will try and catch the next one.
