Defense is super on point, keep it up, eff Brees
Builds character.
Optus halts TV Now after court loss
Hey sociopaths, if you are looking for clubs that are just for you, try Americans for Prosperity or the NRA.
WTF!! Man da breaker switch just went out in my house and da temperature is dropping quick!!
Hi All I'm doing kegels while making scrambled eggs = bad ass motherfucker
My bad Scoop! 😜 RT : Somebody smashed my Chicken Alfredo #PISSED!!!
i love the subway. not a big fan of busses.
I need a vacation
hell ass dont need no kite (loud pack shawty)
watching Netflix
I have that disease where I want to jump out of my car and take pictures of people wearing turbans when I see them walking down the street.
Thanks for the timely and helpful response about Miami on facebook. Threw you a little shout-out!
Never regret anything that once made you smile.
as opposed to a high school model? Or youth academy programs?
night hope you have a fun one with the cookie monster, but don't over eat, yet it calls, goodnight!
People who constantly pick at the things you do are jealous of you. And the things they hate about you, they hate about themselves.
Salt in the air, sand in my hair
Our U.S. office will be closed for Thanksgiving Thursday, November 24th and Friday, November 25th. Have a happy, fun and safe holiday!
“I wish someone would give me one shred of neutral evidence that financial innovation has led to economic growth ..." Paul Volcker, 2010..
i miss
rt Love people while they are here.
That's next week's career storytime all sorted. Craft: making career hats: chef, police, fireman, astronaut. Newsie hats for branches.
ugh no! Is it sold out
You're welcome for the follow. It'd be even cooler if u followed us back
You are still holding a grudge against Bobby V for 2000.
advisory with and. . (;
Empty seats on an earlier to London, but can't switch flights for "security"?
thanks Tracy!
Prince Fielder needs to be a King to save the National League in this one.
Great day at #Disneyland with the family.
“You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.” –A.A. Milne
first member of the extended family, making his twitter debut today...
20% off all boards ordered on our website! Use coupon code: Twitter20 :-) Happy Holidays!
“: do teams offer any social media training to their players? #SMWsportsbiz” good question!
Picking up a new bike later today
had a wonderful Bday
I love when you go the whole day without barely talking to me
Listening to one of our favorite bands Miss May I!!
I applaud the effort but it's not going to work dude.
Making a playlist for Florida. Any song suggestions?!
no to Bloom yet. I fly in to LA the day they're playing, so I tried to get a ticket. They're playing ACL though, I think?
IF you get an email from Google AdWords saying your ads are not running today be careful - it is a scam trying to get your login data.
go get pretty. Go out to dinner and have everyone tell you how pretty you are.
Become a member at www.spiritflowtv.com Its a faith based social network. Cool place to network, meet friends and blog
come home!!
I have so much confidence.. But honestly I feel like my love isnt worth giving amymore
sweet new website! So, do you guys actually sell denim, or is it all just graffiti and denim propaganda?
awesome! Without darkness we wouldn't know just how GOOD the light of life is!
I really, really like this!
"C'mon man you gotta watch TruTV... It's like BET for white folk" - Charles Barkley #keepinitreal like only he can
I'm ticked at myself for forgetting that today was #4sqday and the party. Instead I worked late to try and make some headway.
Yes.. You should watch the Bearcats game at Monk's.
Aight got you
": My sisters so jealous of me because I'm tanned and she's pale." & becuz ur super cute ^.^
About to start work on such a beautiful day 😁😁😁
Ugh our neighbors are cooking....idk what they cook but it smells like ass it should be illegal for them to cook! #MakesMeWannaPuke!
Had a GREAT time hanging out with a bunch of instrumental directors yesterday at MIDC 2011 in Pigeon Forge. Fun and funky stuff.
i KNOW someones gunna get me soon.. i can FEEL it
"for boutonnieres, don't you get the flowers the same color as the school colors?" - My Dad
awesome tip! thanks! I'll try it!
When you wait for the perfect moment to address problems in your marriage, you're waiting for the perfect blowout. Don't wait to talk.
yeah right! I answered a question right and got tickets. I'm sucking up for a hot date!!!
Oh my goodness. So precious.
Can a heartbroken Mahomie get respond? 😢 love you Beautiful!
The city of flint Is flooded =-O
School. Late Start. BOOM SHAKALAKA.<3
u should let me take u out for lunch then
RT : Some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because they are determined to!
hii! I'm home from school because of a mmigrane... and you??
I saw it!
So I met a prostitute & she said she'd do anything for $20. Guess who got their room cleaned?
I am hoping to bump into as many Twitter faces as I can
Always be shorter than anybody dared to hope. ~Lord Reading, on speechmaking
Running lines. Gotta be on set in 4 hours. Pray for me!
Just did my morning run and workout
#raids #shooting #Oakland today is crazy
Congrats on 25k. (:
ready to sell some phones?!
The Zimbabwean group Innovators wil be releasing it snewest two singles called number one which they recorded at rick dees entertainment
is this spam? :)
Sorry folks, Palin does nothing for me. We must find a better cand. to rally around. Her wink turned me off initally, no way can she win.
I love it, ha!
#iCantEvenLie I eat a lot !
totally agree!!
I am interested in your two arcs
“: Grab your roller skates, bike or walking shoes. The block party is at GGP for Sunday Streets - 11 am to 4 pm.” c u there!
Enjoying this beautiful day with a special someone
Congrats to and Coach Becker on a great season. You were talked about nationally.
i didn't see it when i logged on today. but i am just a hater. i don't really care to be honest.
That's right....we're painting shot glasses Apparently you can't hold the glass after you're done...so, blowjob shots it is!!!!
You should perform concerts shirtless...
I'm so high even wen I'm comin down. Wit my drizzy voice
You should get your brain checked, cause he doesn't like you if he's sitting here flirting with me.
laying down guitar trax for "Dominion" @ Rustywindbag's
Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up
[proposal] Let's change "favicon" to "flavicon." Which would be way cooler. Who's with me?
Time for some breakfast
Agreed! RT : Another great #Digital #Marketing SIG this AM, thx to !
It's basically National Stoners Day. People get high on 4/20.
Don't run away from the truth
i think we should trend #SoProudOfMahone !
it's SO #roids “: Entering tonight's game, #Brewers Braun is batting .435 (10-for-23) since going 0-for-5 on Opening Day.”
Reading is so important, whatever it takes to have children love books!
Just finished my spanish project, yet my battery falls out of my computer, didn't save it
I'm heading to Palm Springs with the USC Sirens a cappella group that I just got into for our retreat!! Yay!!
My loggers are not gonna like this monsoon right now
if you ain't blood fuck you:)
I LOVE been corrected or chastised like i mean no harm. Just let me know when I've gone wrong. I mean we in.life to better ourselves
first career HR for marwin gonzalez.
my relationship is a joke? is it because were so cute that its funny... - tanner cappello.
adele is an amazing singer <3
Thank you - Hello - looking forward to working with you on a forthcoming translation project -
VERY cute accents ;)RT : loved how many Italian accents were in there
Dave, thank-you for this clarification info.
I'm starting to wonder if Aoki wishes he would have stayed in Japan. What's the guy gotta do to get some playing time
for sure, It is my pleasure.
oh hush! He just called and asked me to sing it with him for the CMT Awards. ;P
yeaa! Cant wait to meet you!
good walk! Thanks to my favorite dog... I just finished a 4.11 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
RMFT!!!! ": I have a money spending problem:/"
However, it’s so nice to be back in such a magnificent city. The food, the mountains, the fresh air. We just won’t talk about the weather.
ya watev! It's such I better computer! You know it! Don't deny it!
rob i hand-write to my database & send print to ALL my realtors. honestly, soc med is good, but agents/ppl read print
Sara think about uploading a link to "The Mall" at www.xxxmalltheaters.com. Going to ask Kelli to think about it as well:)
she is very photogenic.
Ki Sushi is ultimately the best Sushi place I've ever eaten. Beats Sushi Samba by 5stars. And its in Cobble Hill. Best part.
Yes! My dad also got me a south park kenny mouse pad! <3
I miss summer. Or spring for that matter.
I don't see the funny part :/ haha
Hour 2 of the is about to kickoff. Call Troy at 888-640-9385 to chime in on Tori Hunter's son, NBA playoffs and more.
I am...with Google apps. just opened FF
Well, sure, but WaPo and NYT are operating for a different audience. Venue matters.
#RejectedPickupLines “Great Legs, What Time Do They Open?” LOLOLOL.
kudos to you all for taking a stand on musician wage issues !
Jonah Hill was miscast, he should of played Jeremy Brown.
Welcome Good to have you on our taxi ride!
stay in a childs place nicki could never #WIN she a sellout and she's not original with anything she does!
Martha Speaks and Shawn the Sheep sounds the same from the mouth of a two year old.
Need to call out of work. Anybody have any excuses? Good ones though!
Happy Bithday and congrats on the #Emmy nomination!
I kinda wanna learn piano.
No am I still an egg? That happened earlier today and I tried to switch it back. Grrrr.
What the Internet enables, copyright forbids.
So far my birthday is AMAZING!!! Thank you all for my birthday wishes. :)
It was a mistake to send my husband an email w/ subject line: Still alive? He hasn't responded, and I'm beginning to worry.
I gotta watch my sisters mutt this weekend. If this bitch shyts or pisses on my carpet her doggy days are fckng numbered yo! 😡
Not cutting my hair till classes are over lol
she did mention having some time off a few days ago. But I think she emailed me fairly recently. Maybe you should try again?
Well thank you <3 its nice to know that :D
wat up gucci
Did they give u some D'orio's pizza?
Coming out to LA soon. What's the name of the new hot spot? Got to have awesome Mexican food while I'm there. (:
I skipped half of the semester and my teacher said I did better than half of the kids that showed up everyday
Hi lunch. As tasty as you were, I really didn't want to meet you again. Please stop repeating on me.
I got roku to watch movies on TV. Very intertaining.
Wife did bodybuilding show. Afterwards pig out. I joined the pig out, undeserved (not buff). Too many midnight milanos...stomach punishment
your wack& ugly ;)
Will take new ownership, not just time. Or wins.
UGH- am i am bad communicator or a poor listener?
Well I'm not gonna yell. The Rents' would probably flip.
Make your plans to spend the 4th of July for All You Can Eat BBQ on the Patio. 11:30am to 6pm.
Top coaches // THX Ross! Happy Easter!
Just had the bitchiest cough....
Im just not sleepy i don't understand
You went away how dare you I miss you
that sounds super painful
Love you
No more grocery shopping when I am hungry! Lesson learned
Watching the Pitch. Maybe they should make one for #PR. Strangely addicting
I'm #bored. entertain me
- great to see you at #emspdx. See you tonight at the 2012 #SoMeAwards!
hahahha okay:) sounds like a plane
say what?? i totally need to be yours and everyone else no1!!!
SEO tip of the day. While alt tagging photos, don't forget videos as well.
peanutlive215 reminds me of
Chocolate covered raisins.
The stronger we are able to build our character the more we will be able to trust ourselves when we need to perform and be of service.
State of the World’s Mothers report released today. US ranks #25. Improvement over last year but we can, and must, do better!
& "Gov. Scott Walker out-raised his opponents combined by $11 million dollars without regard to normal campaign contribution limits"
#Autocorrect is like Mad Libs for the 21st Century.
I hate her!
“The difference between you and him and him and me isn’t different at all: we’re all different.” ― Jarod Kintz
poor baby
Love the black n blue (@ wendys)
tebow and his apostles take down satan
Bill Shea & crew from the national office of are here at The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism to shoot footage for a commercial.
haha yeah lol real girls are better I know now but don't you see they trained us young at removing clothes lol
Suffering mightily from the icy-cold plunge back into quotidia, and the deep longing for the kindred company of those I miss past measure.
Job well done sir, very impressive. Congrats on main eventing an #ROH iPPV!
I just won $160 playing bingo ! Woo!
What's for lunch? We've got 5 lunch specials starting at $7.99 including a drink!
I think I really like who I'm becoming
Just chillin today. Tomorrow my baby girl has to get shots. I'm probably gonna cry. :(
FYI to my traveling friends rocks. Thanks for the help AJ!
Hey, it was two all-beef patties but yeah, that one.
So glad you came! Hope you had a great time.
Did you know 20 percent of Americans wrongly believe that meat, seafood + dairy products are a good source of fiber according to Kellogg?
Not like that
Nba 2k12 , Ps3
Have a "Super" week everyone. "Bowl" diet starts today.
Hope this helps: After the Holocaust, some survivors settled in Dallas and wanted to preserve the memory of their experiences.
I haven't txted anybody today. ._____.
Excited about having nationally known top social media speaker, , to my next #Vistage group meeting in December in
Downloading A 2 Hour Mix By Flux Pavilion!
best band in the country by far. That show was crazy good
#fathersday special classes! RT "Dad gets off-peak rates the whole day at BKB"
see you all soon!
amen to that same here.
#needsoftgeoccupiers #occupyaustin #oatx :: need a few folding chairs for a few hours atcity hall
Follow her please guyss ! she's new to this :) #FollowHer !!
aw! I miss Eastman so much.
you should check out my son. He'll be at ur prospect camp. YouTube: Javonn curry highlights paint branch high school
u on ps3 for 2k11?
Not sure of the error you are receiving. We've been getting submissions all day. . Cheers!
I wish school started at 1pm and ended at 1:30pm >.>
I think you forgot to invite someone..
I heard that baby
thanks for an amazing #lodlam. inspiring!
alright sounds good! :)
Eggs, sausage and hash browns for breakfast.. miss my own frying pans, keep burning the eggs
what's it called?
working on it right meeeooww
Buuuutttt with Utah hosting the Blazers, I think it's safe to say the Suns must win both.
lol sure. If that floats your boat RT“: Manny just grabbed my nuts”
has the worlds greatest friends and is so grateful to have them spending the weekend here with me!!!
#EggHeadMF l Sunday "Day Party" l Noon - 5PM l @ D.Pettys Private Club l 600 W Cermak l Chix, Waffles, Mimosas, Live Music & More
Thank God, I'm halfway done with the 150 word articles already
We haven't set a date yet, but we typically go on sale 6-8 wks b4 the show's in town. Our eClub (free) gets 1st dibs on tix!
Neither can Iggy or Gerald Wallace. That alone won't stop him from being a good pro.
The one in Final Fantasy VI was kinda neat.
Groves enjoys a stellar reputation in the home health care industry due to amazing & talented individuals providing exceptional care.
Headed to the American Educational Research Association conference, Vancouver, B.C. Looking forward to it.
Could common baby products like bottles and pacifiers be dangerous? We'll have the details of a new study on News10NBC Today in 15 minutes
Congratulations to Pete Marrero, the winner of our Vespa Raffle!
can't wait to finally hear Matin Fröst in person today playing Aho's clarinet concerto!
Gottlieb: Bell produced fake salary docs, fake contract in earlier Public Records Act responses.
It's so dire! Gah! But I don't really want to write something new -- this is the something new. Heh.
Great interview w/ from THE HUNGER GAMES on today's w/ Keep your eyes out 4 the vid
Black Forest Remodel & Tile is a Home Depot Certified Installer - Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com and Remodel Today
u got a house full of kids liven on aid with no job?
it's 11:11 make a wish and make a wish and make it say <3
Who wants to text, DM me, Ima be posted on the lake for a while.
Thank you guys ..
Hester's long YAC play is an example of where the #packers miss Collins.
": Hey! Lol"<=where u been at all my life?!?
Hope you feel better soon. You shouldn't feel down. You deserve to be happy.
happy birthday!!
Thanks for the mention Joani!
So while i'm waiting, i'm going to just straighten up my room a little. I feel so good today!
The food at the wells street tavern. I think I could do better microwaving hot pockets... Wow I gotta admit this is probably the worst..
#edcampis noting lots of little uses of Google forms cropping up as something teachers use for student/ peer feedback
Welcome to #b2bchat Robyn
I definitely need to be getting my #Twitter game back on
It feels really good out side
: congrats and good luck with your writing. Indie Next List here you come!
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing, that's why we recommend it daily~Zig Ziglar
It Fat Tire Friday! $3.50 Pints All Day
Thanks for coming by today!
Mr. The Altuve with a couple of NICE defensive plays in B1.
Yes! Just saw the trailer. it looks awful.
yeah I gave up on that chapter. I just threw my hands in the air and said "This. Shit. Is. Bananas."
My point. Say what you want. Who cares. Don't be shocked when they say "stick to sports" After all, that's why they follow U.
i know. well ill be jamming in the morning lol
Sorry the ribeyes weren't mooing. But it sounds delicious! :)
crazy story that would have not been believable 2 weeks ago
Had Olive Garden!
Hi Blake! Sorry for the delay. We have an in-house team of designers that put that website together. They rock!
RT: All restaurants! Dine out with Calm Waters tonight 5pm-close.... we donate 10% of proceeds to charity!
You better come to Tampa, Florida for your belive tour!!
Tablet publications give magazines.detailed, immediate feedback about the reader. More data than the web.
Stupid homework!!! Spring Break is almost over and I have class on Monday night. I guess that means do homework this weekend!!!
They gon love me for my ambition
Thanks for the retweet! Glad you like our delivery service!
Will you be appointed Secretary of Beer soon? I think we could use that.
Just sent an email! Thanks for asking about it!
How is everyone today? <3
I still am! Just woke up at my BFs friend's house in conshohocken. Where are you/what are you up to today?
#SKC work hard tonight men in #indigo !
Thanks for the mention, Don Jon. I hear that Cost Rica is vey beautiful (and humid).
My final paper is done, but for some reason I can't bring myself to turn it in. Conflicting emotions.
welcome to being a director!
Cherry-Berry-Iwantdickinmyass-Chiller
You two pretty much have described my personal version of hell. All you need to add is Katy Perry infused soundtrack.
♥♥Just got hom from church... Wow we got out rly early lol. Gonna go to bed cause I know mom will have me up at the crack of dawn tomorrow♥♥
how bout you make your life a journey that answers my phone calls
To repeat, my account was hacked. Do not click on any DM'd links that I sent you today.
I have some😳
cleaned the SHIT outta my house today, and that's enough productivity to last me till tomorrow.
my new two fave words : buffalo and beast
I dont believe or trust
Two months until Girl Talk's Project Inside Out! Who's excited? Leave us a comment letting us know what you are excited about!
We did! Thanx 4 the awesome food. Let me know when you get greek egg rolls :)...I'm going 2 think bout possible recipe.
lots and lots of paczki:)
“: Does a bear shit in the woods?” well not the ones who are kept at zoos. they shit in a zoo
closet #brony RT OK, sitting down with the kids 2 watch DVR'd episode of "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic." Pray for me
i guess
ha! that's perfect!
Oh, that's dangerous. Once I tried to drown the pain of 4 inch heels with whiskey. Did not end well!
Using actually *feels* different than every other app I use. Love it.
Mac - got my first one in '98
I'm Joe Biden, and I approved this completely phony moral outrage.
Hey just got out of tannehill state park:( and I am soked :( I wanted some chocolate drone the candy store there but it was closed ;(
Thanks for the follow, keep up the "good work"
if you get a chance DM me, I have a few questions for you. Thanks!
The stars are constantly shining, but often we do not see them until the dark hours.
Best case scenario: people vent on a venue you control! Step 5: create a venue
"Full of pretentious whackjobs and depressed loners" Either it's my Christmas or a Graphic novel review of KIMMIE66 by goo.gl/EzLb9
I got a nice ass the sexy ass guy tells me at the mall who works in Hollister. (: California boys.
Say what now?? RT : Denver bout to end of these bullshit ass lakers season.
Goal Philly!!!
I really like who i'm becomin
so imma pack this bowl & get my ass to sleep. Goodnight twitter ^.^
I love the buttery. Jealous.
: what type of horse is Wednesdays?
DOE Report confirms Online Instruction better than f2f. A nice change from "equivalent"!
I don't see why I have to come to school. I never do anything.
Thanks 4 the note! Gr8t company!
ready for tonight!
South Hills?
4 hrs of sleep, 5 am alarm and a ride on an oversold train. Great start of my workweek.
HAPPPYYY BIRTHDAY!!!!! Youre officially 18!!!!!!  lol have a great day?? pls follow me i have been trying for 2 years..
You lie to me so sweet.
When you go to a job interview, and there are pastries on the table just a hair farther than arm's reach, is that some kind of test?
we all know it's
AMEN-- RT Call me crazy but that Kobe guy is still pretty good, bad wrist and all.
a lot of drunkenness at my bro wedding lol
Thanks! I'm sure the kids would have a blast!!!
how are you stranger?
-- news so chaud I hadda put on a sweater
OK,I hope U got UR butt upstairs & stopped picking up strange girls. (Just kidding) Love U
no not yet. i hope i do soon tho:))
lazy day sounds nice
you down?
we actually think she was drunk. she left her car, stumbled down the street. police were looking for her!
Troy! That was an awesome tweet!
This is my favorite tweet of all time. Thanks
i couldn't get just franktastic, sadly.. and i really wanted brutuallyfrank but someone has that.. haha.
so Duane Reade is not everywhere you go?
Convulsing...just convulsing right now.
yayyy!! maybe ill see you there..itll be cool since i havent seen u since like 8th grade! lol
Mojito hour has officially begun. Pass the pitcher! ;-}
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: We celebrate MOAN-Day.
CBC Goes Big And Hits Home: That's how shows succeed, that's how people become invested in our world. So to see CBC really do a big l...
When there are three former UK players that played tonight
Gotta sleep now,goodnight. , love you so so much.
So sorry I missed that presentation this a.m. #jhuDC!
Looking for a post New Years brunch? Del Rey has you covered! will be there @ 10am to serve your hangover!
Bad loss for the bucks. Can I ever just move on? The bucks really suck.
"You can't sway to avicii..."
“ Your most dangerous competitors are those that are most like you. ”
Oh my god, you have the physiology final tomorrow too?!? I feel so horrible for you!
Huh she just doesn't understand..
heyy andrea can you please follow me
UH.. YES PLEASE!
Hm...well seeing some of the tweets from Canucks fans...yeah I still hate them more
#MichaelDouglas now speaking about #HughMasekela, on stage with #StevieWonder are you watching #jazzday?
Great choices - thank you for sharing! We were thinking & found out we have too many favs as well!
Never try to teach a pig to sing. It wastes your time and annoys the pig
RT : My pussy on another planet; got that NASA pussy.damn aye
it's all set we just need to cry.....GREYSON WHO IS THAT?! WHY ARE YOU CHEATING ON US?! D'''':
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. - George Bernard Shaw
Yes don't fall asleep
great pic! glad you brought us a long.
Welcome 2 #DURHAM!!..
I'm still scared about it because I can't lose this opportunity.
25% off promo extended to october 15th! www.prosetsgolf.com.
This weather>>>>
Justin you have the stongest mom i know .. She is such a role model! I love pattie !
3 exams tomorrow...time to start grinding.
all corporate professional types need to choose their work attire based on size/location of mysterious weekend bruises, right?
please tell me this is a joke!! All I know is I better be seeing Craig or complete $100 refund lol
If you haven't watched the short film, you're missing out. What a story and what a brilliant young man.
Love mt Aztecs Basketball!
#supershuttle driver happily whistling Eagles Lying Eyes on way to LAX. Was told pick up was 11:30 and he was half hour early. Coincidence?
I have the most beautiful best friend in the world :)
looking for that singer still where are you? Please message us if interested in singing with us !
Stay close to me... glad we're friends again. That's was tough.
#2thingsIappreciate my bed and sleeping... goodnight💤
Well, what did you find out?
Virginia~ Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends.
It's kind of weird retouching images from 2 shoots at the same time. Shots/models are so different. I love it though.
About 1:45. What do you think is best? Google Talk? That ok?
that shit fucked up i got to much shit in my wallet
and shoot me ur bio fam, i wana put u up on our site wen it gets revamped
ciao Lauren, glad you like Pino Daniele! Did you see my video with Je So' Pazzo as the soundtrack ?
Come check out our site if you haven't already! Great signed pieces up for bid! Have a great day :)
Sorry for the late #FF I was out of town! Hope you had a great weekend!
Who wants to be with someone who goes to EVERY Party...
We've been telling people the office is messy because we're moving but really the office is always messy.
saturday my friend
awesome!!! Great job!! Glad you were able to run! Go us!
Same here. Davy was the bee's knees. It wasn't until many years later that I realized he was old enough to be my father :)
Tweeting myself to sleep, listening to songs in my head while my dog snores #isfun (except when he has gas... yuk.)
"Always do what your afraid to do!" Without taking chances, you'll never know what you can accomplish.
I've eaten so much this spring break
Courage is like a muscle. We strengthen it with use - Ruth Gordon
Selling happiness is like selling sunshine. Both are always there, even if hidden behind the clouds... (via )
PickUpLine: Your daddy must have been a baker, 'cause you've got a nice set of buns.
Nice seats, have fun!
My programming prof is so cranky! Oh and he sucks at teaching programming too!
Thanks! (belatedly)
: I don't play "hard to get" , i play "Never gonna be yours"
I hate being sick :(
I used to call people muggles in the 5th grade.
Thanks brother, we'll see you at Cafe HAPA next time you're down in SD!
Friends! Please check out the fabulous art of at www.acrylicimpressions.com!
Seems like a case of psychic pollen to me #drwho : Yes! #Awake is finally going to make air! This show is amazing!!!
Paul the Octopus is God's messenger.
m that looks good
RT : #MIMAMKE Digital immigrants change media 17X/non-working hour. Natives change 27X/non-working hour.
The world could use a lil Nin Simone damage right bout now.
I'd rather die while I'm livein' then live while I'm dead..
I earned the Dedicated badge on Lose It!
i miss your butt!
heading to Atlanta
Hey guys Isaac here! Just letting you guys know that I have a personal twitter () and that this is the Draw One Card twitter :)
Atari Assemble! Super-Team of Veteran Developers Embrace Mobile Gaming
KAYLEE ! Shut up.... you are not ugly ! You're beautiful chica
Thanks. Men are close to taking care of infants, right? :) Gatorade, Tylenol, and hand sanitizer are a must here.
So the school calls me and my daughter gets hit by a gmc truck in the school crosswalk. she is ok though a lil bruised up.
Amen! have a great time tomorrow!
Back to Eugene: land of mediocre women
gonna be close to 2 in march
Nearly sure that the sound I heard coming from a stall in the john was keyboard-clicking. Jesus, people, we have iOS for a reason, you know?
I'm working with Paul Barces on this event, so he's using his FB right now, but I'll set one up bf the weekend's over. Thanks!
Of course I do. Manly facial hair never goes out of style.
#IAm Perfect.......In Christ!
"The majority of men meet with failure bc of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail
sick again...tired of this nonsense
We have to sort out what life will be like now :)
looking forward to laughing at #ROFLCon in PDX. "with" I meant "with".
Guys I hate to admit this, but the Justin Bieber documentary is amazing.
Words are fun!
who did you see?
Pleased to meet y'all! Will follow. :-) RT : Guys I'd like to intro u to my good friend... :)
Rest in paradise Aaliyah. you're def one in a million <3
Explain all the seniors that stayed today then AFTER the checked out. Ha.
That's great news!! We need details!
Hi, long time! Just wanted to let you know i spent the last hr wandering around on your site, and now must have 2nd dinner. tks!
Qwrap) Thanks all. Enjoyed my first daytime lrnchat. Gbye from Dallas!
Coming Next Week...New! Veda 2012 Calendar! Only $7.99 and ALL proceeds go to 11 Non-Profits. More to Come...
hey whats up
man you can get it too haha
I know. It's just one of those ones I find to be too wishy washy and vague. I just don't like it.
I'll watch it on youtube later..i was about to say i never heard of that before
is my best bieber love friend ever!:)
Loading up the van for tomorrow's tailgate in the Orange Lot at Commonwealth. Go Wildcats!
there are some fake, ass people in this world.
They were talking about the devil the whole movie.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 24
Right! I did rotten stuff as a teenager, too. You need to own it if you're going to grow beyond it.
Great playing by
Thanks a lot! Glad you like the "Crazy Grits" with collard greens & okra!
Right now in Philly-is-awesome: spotted a used condom by a City Hall entrance today. The "Spread the Love Winter Promotion" is working!
Bullying is totally destructive. RT Great article about 's efforts to stop bullying. Bullying is not a rite of passage
They wont
"What medical school did you go to?" Your anus. I can definitely win 'Are you smarter than a fifth grader'
thanks for the FF man :) Hope you have a wonderful and blessed weekend
I was feelin the love.
And comes to every storm, a time to sleep :)
#NP: The Weeknd - Love Through Her
the only fun part is making a baby!
Good Morning!! NYC is just beautiful! How's everyone's morning?
y'all look just alike in ya avi lol
My muscles are so friggin' pissed at me for the gym time I've been logging. Buck up, guys! You should be HAPPY!
Dave is off on a mission to find someone to help us
you mean Michelle Obachman? (That was the freudian slip if I remember correctly.)
We've got , , and blasting in the office today.
Thanks for the RT!
Have one of those feelings tonight will be a great game
Cant wait till high school :D
pleasantly surprised by by Driscoll here. Thanks for sharing.
Italian food ranks as the most popular ethnic food in America. (National Restaurant Association)
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
At Partner Support Day at NetApp in RTP. The agenda is best practices around Cisco, NetApp and VMware. Should be a great session!
Frustrating... Billed for a "Free" account, on hold forever then had to leave a voicemail? How is that service?
About to redesign my entire studio set up.
what's the deal with Hamptons injury?
How does it feel to be a new edition to Cash Money Records?
What's the best club in Chicago?? Not no sweat shop.
At my cousin graduation>>>>>> I cant wait for may 19
B&G time.
Just wrapped this PSA shoot ! Amazing and fun can't wait to start in post.
RT: SCH is operating normally. Road conditions have improved.
Woke up early and only slightly hungover
great to see you too man! Had a blast hanging with you.
anything going on at clear lake, oregon? multiple 1-2.9 magnitude earthquakes reported this morning.
hey, if you're going to be down here for the game again tomorrow direct message me. Later man
just asking but what about the 100 or so people that have been killed in Chicago since January 1 do they not matter as much?
help BNB win a 22 day slot on Warped! Go to , click on National Competition & judge for BNB!
nobody is worth it
I should've got me something to eat b4 I came here.
who's number? Lol
You're too cute <3.
May see value with Peyton if he is healthy enough.. catching balls on the flat is something he can do.
- Buy it and make it something awesome!
Biggie we miss you still 15 years later
Playing Cinema by for the 53rd time. Sick track!
can I get a shoutout???
Just discovered the show Too Cute on I need a lot more of this in my life.
so I found my lion under the tree on xmas morning: "Jenny! You're HERE!" I already knew the name because I'd been waiting...
the finally got the sound system right. Sounds great, I can actually hear what is going on now! Sec 336 is happier.
im gonna check how much it is!
I have Dallas just inside my top 10, slightly above Giants, don't love Pitt's match up
Happy Bday pa :)
My birthday is in June.... Can't I just have someone who has a cute smile and a nice ass
It would be nice if Facebook released a "time on timeline" metric.
I know, I know. Complete fail on my part!
Hey, thanks for that shoutout, yo.
At school selling stuff I got 1 outta 7 6 more to go :D
i want to start a #sports #business. anyone have ideas?
While waiting for the boss to appear on Garrison this AM, I heard an ad for 's Hamilton IMAX 16.
got the new free download of Woodfish. Thanks Paul. Wow, what an opening bass lick. Insanely fast. Sounds great so far.
Also, for your convenience, an onsite Enterprise Rent-A-Car and representatives
thank you :)
If swimming is such a good way to stay in shape; Explain whales...
Just a couple of hours away until I start spinning beats at BRINK ORLANDO!! Hope to see everyone out tonight! FREE COVER 21+!!...
Amarillo says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Maybe I'm just tired,a little over protective,or maybe it's just early but I really wanted to say something to the vet's assistant!
Who wants to Sponsor Us!?!
For Halloween I'm going to be A ICONic nerd I already have my stuff yeah buddy but all I need is to make my shirt
cool track, kinda more pop-ish than I thought you'd dig
so are you coming over tomorrow?
Tea might be helpful during stressful times like exams, lol! Now, where do I find those ingredients....
The one man of the group here & Chuck I take no offense in getting placed with these women who shine
One day I'll leave him to a place can forget him..............to continued my study
bored! Need someon to call me"!
: Sorry missed uall 2day. Next 4 sure. Son came by 2do lawn
- Happy May Day!
on omegle, try to find me! common interest put as "one direction" :)
I JUST HEARD TURN TO YOU FOR THE FIRST TIME ;OFGHWOEJASDLFIS IT'S SO GOOD
Thanks for a free test of Optimal Sort in exchange for sharing our experience
Tonight was a great soft opening experience
You know, to buy the "torture doesn't work" thing, you must first posit that sadists have free rein in gov't.
YEAH PIERCE!
Just want to make sure, just in case it didn't come up in the Denver defensive meetings this week...Brady will often throw to his TE's.
Simply Having a Wonderful Christmas Time<33
Thank you for sharing the senior show enjoy the photos and your thoughts
How shitty has Adrian Gonzalez been? I swear every jersey I buy triggers the downfall of a career. Might havta start buying Yankee jerseys.
I'm taking my mom shopping. Fun or terrible? Stay tuned to find out...
People change & often they become the person they said they'd never be.
"We are all born superstars" "Who says you're not perfect" #LiveForMusic The reason why music is a part of me!
Gay is the way
Watching Sheik vs Kory Chavis and Sheik is a bloody mess.
#striving for those As
Bro I hated the c-130, but was fascinated over c-141 b and the c-17, love those birds. I was one of the first to jump that c-17
So you mean to tell me that they're doing exactly what most scientists do & write the manuscript on the slide? Shocking.
went mud sliding, got dirty.
The Rockies had that game last night..well can't hang your head for too long, double header today starting soon and the NUGS vs OKC also
Discussing role of MTAG governance group on Tuesday. Setting the stage for a more collaborative future.
You missed a terrific event and we missed you!
Hey #abq! We know, it's been a while! We're busy working on lots of projects. So hows it been?
As a singer, I'm absolutely AWESTRUCK listening to Runnin' for the first time!!
"I painted the picture, and in the colors the rhythm of the music quivers. I painted the colors I saw." Edvard Munch
Yeah right! Nuggets are going to woop some butt! haha you ready to lose?? haha
follow me bro u go here now
Switched to Hopslam after spilling my KBS after a few sips :(
Earned three regional Emmy nominations. One for WCCO's morning show, another for Finding MN reports, one more for story on old White Castle.
Question to all my Obama voting friends (read kool aid drinking tree huggers) Is Obama administration at fault for USPS HazMat coverup?
If you're scared go to church WKU don't want none! Haha
I'm so jealous! Keep the pictures coming! Have an AMAZING trip and be safe, love<3
HEY GUYS
way to rock it out! (but more importantly, have fun in my old stomping grounds...that is where I moved from)
At the tribute to Esther Newton in Ballroom A. #AAA2010 What an inspirational anthropologist!
RT : RT :Getting Your Apps in App Stores: Announcing the Mobile Platform Development Webinar Series!...
that's one of the beauties of info overload - you'll never miss those deleted feeds.
Yes indeed.
Man, I would consider it a religious duty, even. They can't deny that, can they?
"arrrrrrrrrgggggggg" ... you'd think so matey but it's really the "c" they love :P
My grandpa just said is the best singer he's ever heard
Thanks to all who were there at our show last night. The energy in the theater was incredible. We had a blast and hope you did too!!
I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice
Don't want ANYONE to think I NEED them cause I don't
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene! IT is usually happening during college semesters!
At #taylorswift. "There is nothing I do better than revenge". Glorious red dress
Started 2500 8 game. Time to win some pots
it's getting closer to CMA FEST time, I already bought my tix way in advance hoping u will b there, any word yet if u will b going???
Lmao hell yea. Wade was still talkin' 'bout "What project?" 😂
#nowlistening "How Come You Never Go There" - one of the best sounding records I heard last year.
Not too much Corey. What's good brotha?
ya know i'm here for the party and i ain't leaving till they throw me out
Steven Madden slips on EPS
glad to hear you're enjoying the blog! happy turking!
we're is that only been in wa for a year
me too!! Hopefully I c u later ill call u when I'm out of work!
Miss the college days when we do volunteering together. Now you can relive those times by joining PANYC community service...
Jeff Bezos: you need to have a firm grip of the obvious. Higher education in liberal arts focuses your attention elsewhere, gotta unlearn.
Great holiday #party last week! White elephant was so much fun! :)
things i'm thankful for this holiday season: brown rice at chipotle
LMFAO is the ___________ of the current generation. Is the answer C+C Music Factory? Barenaked Ladies? Or another group.
whats good homies love the site i check all the time be on the lookout for and ja song soon when ja get out
Let the fallout from TV begin. TV regs showing up at commercial castings. Guess they didn't get the "Real people" memo. We recognize you!
own it!
Only slightly.
Happy Mothers Day to everybody Mama I know and Mothers to be
A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
RT : In order 2 move forward n have growth in life U've gotta B able identify & B real when it comes 2 ur weaknesses n flaws.
"We gon have church today."
That's cool and all, but we're going to expect better press coverage this weekend :)
I'll pass it on & happy Mothers day to you!
same haha!! I know, so many parties as well but most of our friends aren't 18 for ages after us lol
Wisconsin, it could be Pittsburgh 1979.
Ha! RT Kid Rock & Ted Nugent both endorsed Romney, bringing the total number of musicians supporting Romney to 0.
Now "Libre" is talking about energy!
Sounds good, let me know when I can stop by, in MD now.
I want #calibre to strip index from e-book when copying to my #Kobo. The Kobo doesn't let me follow links; index is useless.
i would've definitely been in that hoe if i was performing lol
“: Big/Little bonding #loveyoubunches”
It was sad. She's in her 40s and still palpably angry. Not easy stuff.
are they ok ?
a video street style blog? I like it!!! super creative. can't wait to sit down and check it out even more.
if I'm djing at roxy one night naked u can say that's all u...: )
No, I mean the one being added to 3.1. Its been introduced in 2.? pulled, made a plugin, added to #buddypress, now its back?
lmfao, why the hell he do that to his hair, and took pictures like it was hot, really? Lol
NBA Playoffs :P
Watching knicks-bulls. My wife asked "who is that woman thats really upset?". It was spike lee
DON'T OPEN THE MESSAGE YOU RECEIVED FROM ME! It's spam...got hacked!
Romney says Obama's military isn't feared. Bin Laden's rotting corpse adamantly concurs.
Thoughtful questions help clients tell you everything to win their business; they will even tell you info you didn’t ask for.
. I need to see Margin Call. Oh, and have you seen Frontline's four-part series on the global financial crisis? I'm halfway through.
Amazing showcase <3
RT : RT : Great advice from -- Use metrics to INSPIRE not to justify.
Recording my CD tomorrow
Romantic Tip #328 - As a couple, dedicate yourselves to learning one things new together each day. Like a new word or a fact....
i really wanna take a belly-dancing class!! :D
freaking out ! Where the hell are you !!!!
Switching it up tonight. Gonna use my husband's toothbrush!
I love these shorts. Only $20 at Target. You have great taste in chooz.
That is not good. Haha.
No PLA ban debate 2nite at #SWC Board was set 2consider (likely approve) admin to enter contract with Building Trades to finish construction
Lets just hope he remembers the words...
Shoutout to my new follower
So FUCKING irritated!!!!!
I just wanna lose 3 pounds
I hate it when my brother guilt trips me for never spending time with him :/
I followed herre, if you don't follow me I'm unfollowing though . -.-
don't worry I gotta work it off!
As if this day could get any worse,.. Ima still smile and stand tall. But on the inside im hurting.
Threats to digital: users finding product (newsstand to hopefully help), Google as a disruptor, staff, number of devices
Anyone want to watch Monty Python with me? I am lonely tonight. Anyone? Ni?
you a cool hyper person(:
Oh. Ok. Go Broncos
#schoolmemories Talking with my seatmates :)
#sanchez Gorgeous! like 3-part. Title could be clearer. Love to see Ngrams!!!
Wow had so much drama with these fat girls! Lol my sis n me are now playin just dance like a boss:)<$$ thtz how we roll!!;)
It is in the process of being worshipped that God communicates His presence to men - CS Lewis
Tonight just made me that much more excited for summer!
Who wants to see some pics from our last practice? :)
we're looking forward to helping many folks with these products. Have fun on your turkey hunt. :)
you. are. love. thank you so much for sharing it w us! faboosh grand opening darlings
I like girls that work at Subway 'cause they HAVE to make me a sandwich. Or guys too I guess. Either way I would get a sandwich out of it.
Should have made the drive to Tulsa tonight to hear Silhouette live.
Slap slap slap, slap chop!
Now there's a great movie I have seen! RT : Is there better dialogue in any movie? I don't know...this is good stuff
Hahaha.. time for the dentist, ey?
A good day for some #hot yoga
Just to long came in from Senses. Lol had them niggas jocking but didn't want any of them finna eat my footloops then its off to bed
Today is looking to be a great day.
Done working for 2011. What a great year.
TRaawwww I got your invitation !(:
I love remembering how much I love stories. What else am I supposed to do with my life?
Planning meeting for #RIT commencement this morning. Hard to believe the end to another school year is 2 weeks away!
If the 99% ran the show, the show would be similar to what we see today!
No warmup i go right in
Happy New Year
A long soak in a very hot bath seems like the perfect prescription for my joints and swollen neck! Until tomorrow...
Don't just "tweet" & leave! Use advanced search features to see what others are saying about you, your competitors & your industry.
Reading Day and Schoemaker's book "Peripheral Vision." Lots of great insights about detecting critical signals on the horizon!
In a statement, Santorum says Obama's new stand on marriage is a "capitulation" while old one was a "charade." Hmm.
The fastest way to get happy is to make someone else happy.
Yoga today at 6pm in the park!
Did you hear that rem is breaking up. Sad. Do you listening to them.
Eleanor Roosevelt once said 'do one thing everyday that scares you'...date me!
ugh, im literally about to cry . That stupid ass hoe that has no life needs to get off his account .
The "Epilogue" episode of JLU is one of the most tragically beautiful episodes of anything I've ever watched. Worth seeing.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
theology's purpose is to bring godly peace, joy, and faith through practical, deep, and disciplined understanding of God through the Bible.
Flyers poised to make their best 04 Yankees impression
have an idea for m-commerce that I think only your company can execute...got 10 min?
Just saw Lady Antebellum in a Lipton Tea commercial... It was the most HORRIBLE thing I've ever witnessed..
agreed. Awesome“: buddy pens Philly on, watch NHL playoff hockey. It's the best sport around. Watch once u will be hooked”
cant wait to see you <3 <3 <3 please follow me
Hush. I'm still going.
well, thank you very much!!:)
Listening to Bill Evans Trio
how often do you get horny
Uh oh, now you're on their 'hates children' list.
All showered and clean, but oh for a pair of pants!
If you told an A's fan that Jemile was better hitting Weeks, they'd probably laugh in your face....except he's batting .192. Rickie at .160
I havent played my save in a while cause I got tired of getting lost...he's about to beat it I'm sad and proud at the same time.
Yea We Bacc Up An Runn Good Am Family!
Teaching my first solo instruction session today. Here goes nothing.
racks of clothes to narrow down for the shoot if only i could keep them all....
thanks for the retweet, we love eco-friendly friends!
do it, then tell me how it is
In Russell we believe!!
Sold out shows again tonight and tomorrow. LAST CHANCE to see THE SUGAR BEAN SISTERS is this Saturday! Get tix at www.littlefishtheatre.org
Comedy night live tonight! Come have some laughs, 730 start. And its free!
Only 1 week left until our x-mas show! Get your Tix now!
Breastfeeding on Facebook.
We won Best Nightlife website award at #bestofweb Big shout out to runners up / ! Thanks MKE!
Of course:) Its my job to make you sweat, not feel all warm and fuzzy;) Haha!
Stop Shootin continues to be at the forefront of a movement that has helped Newark set the national standard for violent crime reduction
#ladiesnight! Stop by til 11pm and all the ladies drink for free!
that's right don't text and drive..
this season of BGC is a joke. Wasn't even worth watchin. They all wack as hell
Indeed. RT : Twitter can be summed up in 4 catergories: Creators, Debators, Haters, and Masturbators.
Live n Los Angeles but #KarynRaw is my first stop when n Chi-town. We recommend #KarnRaw 2 a New York friend - now he's hooked.
All government and related organizations and websites HAVE to be accessible. Section 508. But it's not working. Yet.
It's just life, so keep dancing through!
We're building a global ent netwk fam friendly a hub for all yo ent.needs.
My car is so dirty that one might think I'm living in it...which at times it feels that way:)
wish a nigga wood like a tree in dis bitch.
Y am I loosing followers when I followed everyone back ? Lol people on twitter is weird. Thanks to all 160 of you who follow me!
that would be zero from Fans edge... One from Swatch..we need a guys night out bud...how'd the march madness thing go?
Thank you :o)
Eating out is such a hassle...But so is going to the grocery store
Green played like a thug RT Running their mouth pre-game didn't help New Mexico or MSU.
haha. I gonna hold off for now! good luck my man. ok hope its a good series.
If you know what I mean
"And still put A-1 sauce on my shit"
Rep. Anthony Weiner to make a statement in just a minute. He is expected to resign after allegedly sexting photos of him in his underwear.
Sure what's up?
It was 118, 139 and 211(shown on NFL Network)
happy happy happy happy birthday scott! See you in July (: have a fun and blessed day
Smh. And You'll Never Believe Who Im Looking At Right Now . . *Hint* Wendys.
I'm not sure anymore...It's like all over the place. ):
you got the twitter now locate your pants
Had a great day besides losing all of our games -___- haha
LMFAO! Now I'm even more interested :)
That person was clearly drunk. Worst parking ever.
Romney still strong, Huntsman needs a 2nd look, Santorum is similar to W, Paul is crazy, Newt is phony, and Perry shows too little too late.
Enjoyed #PhinFest! Amazing turnout!
should be something unique , like nothing else in the world!
we have created a beast 😁😁
Winterhawks playing right now. Michael Berk next with highlights from1st period & 1st goal.
miss you too love!! Sorry I didn't text u today! Got crazy busy at home. We need to do dinner or something one night & hang out!
My Facebook friends held an intervention to confront me that I need to get help for my Facebook addiction.
hehe, he says thanks! Isnt it crazy how fast they grow up? He's so much bigger already!! :)
follow back please?(:
The worst kind of pain is when your smiling just to stop the tears from falling.
good one little boy
Bye Bye World Peace. He might be gone from the playoffs.
Very inspired to get back to England one day to finally settle...I miss it all.
Tell your mommy I said Happy Birthday!! <3 RT?
Had to give the kid special baby apple juice so she can shit.
good night world...sweet dreams....dont let the bed bugs bite...OH and when i wake up, can i magically have all my shit together? Kthanks.
My dad moved out yesterday.
hear, hear! happy weekend!
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
You taught me to never give up my dreams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy #NSNDVD.. OMB,excited.. 5
RT : It was great chillin with this evening! #goodtimes Let's not be strangers homie!
I have one question for you my friend, why are you still in NM? Your ass should be in Arizona ;)
Like it or not, TeaTime is always up to date on the latest "Tea Party" activities. 99% of my media alerts involve politicians!
Shoutout to my baby cousin Chandler Jones () for being the first #Jonez taken in this years #NFL draft.
lolololol "Megan I wanna hear some more get up and go-go on this take"
Some days I think "Don't Worry Baby" is the best song ever. So much going on in those two minutes, and it sounds so simple...
Wang Chung is awesome
Honestly, if Gaga had no intention of ever performing the studio version of Hair, why didn't she just release a ballad version of it on BTW
The current balance or the growth forecast?
#Youth who r unable 2 make informed decisions about sexuality & lifestyle get vulnerable. Side event at
On set filming a funny commercial...pics to come...
#guiltyascharged! my secret shame isn't so secret anymore :) RT : : Is that a fact? You naughty girl you.
Want a good butt kicking? bootcamp, Perfect combo of encouragement and push! I'm tired but not in pain! gr8 coach!
So proud of you guys! Represent!
lol. Everyone just looked at me in the room when he announced his freedom. I was like sh*t. SMH
I feel like slapping this kid.
#Calipari is a slime ball. But I do like AD the Unibrow
ohh nothing but why?
Funny thing is, I rarely ever talk to her..
What is appropriate Tweetiquite?
Monday in #Pittsburgh, Back to work
haha. Well have funn.! Tweet me later?(:
Resting a bit today for, what I am sure, will be a backbreaking week. Lots to do on the farm!
Our resident djs & bringing the beats that move your feet
Did i do sumn wrong?
Thanks for the question. That is a feature we are working on and should roll out in near future. Stay tuned!
#RedSox fans really making fun of the #Yankees tonight?
think I'll do a T-shirt. For my CafePress site.
you're beautiful over :)
chick gave me head for days...she wants her mouth back
How does Intellectual Property apply in this digital age?
haha I like how your signature is something different everytime!
Would love to meet you too pal. You're my kind of doggie!
B seriously needs to fucking shout the fuck up! its austins buisness not his!
RT : Going to Barcelona - Mobile World Congress! Stop by #Norton's booth hall 8, booth A171 #MWC12 #Symantec JEALOUS!
#kids Neighborhood Art: Neighborhood Art from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 9:00 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 2:00 PM Boyd Community Center...
researching neighborhood alert systems, and finally looking through code!
#FF my bro
#onlyskinnyppl cant fit there walet in there pockets
City of #BrooklynPark plans to buy & demolish old Blondie's location, a bar with a history of problems.
If she don't shut up then it's
Sick wife and bebe! New show going up tonight but no live!
I've had some of my international students call me Mr. before. Always seems to throw them off when I say call me Ryan.
It's better to find someone who will change your LIFE, and not just your relationship status..---
It's also cheaper for my kids to buy me gifts! They can get them all tomorrow for 1/2 off and give them to me next week!
- no challenges so far, searches in our catalog for title are high along with the holds queue.
FBF topic- In light of ESPY's, create a new Award for someone in the sports world. Give us a call- 303-297-1510 or email info
"If we confess our sins, he is faithful & just & will forgive us our sins & purify us from all unrighteousness" ~1John 1:9 ~Honesty,Belief ~
I BEEN A FAN SINCE THE COCA COLA COMMERCIAL WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT LOL
just tried to facebook video chat me so he could watch as I work out. Flattered but mainly weirded out.
#WVU total pretenders!!! Disappointing!!!
I'm doing everything in my power not to call Bristol what I really think of her, a word I reserve for her mom & Coulter & only in private.
“Concentrating on the bad things you are doing will never help you do the good things that you desire to do. -Joyce”
Here's my twitter so follow me maybe? ;)
I get why Men disrespect LOVE... ... Testosterone and Culture... expects them to.... I just never get why Women do it!
Hey Sierra! I haven't talked to you for a while! Please answer my DM! Gurlll <3 Love you xoxo
no, that one just really sucks.
id love to roll with your team<3
HE MAKES U BLEED NIGGAHH
I was at the PNC show tonight. I was the girl holding up the birthday sign. Thank you SO much for wishing me a happy birthday! <3
Today is the day that one of the realist niggas life is up for taking by the white man I hope everbody had #boosie in your preys
This is the truth As from a fire aflame thousands of sparks come forth, even so from the Creator an infinity of beings have life
i love fl to
YES! I heard this rumor. I'm so glad it's true!
shut up u ol preaching ass nigga
is working on another English paper...
love you name ( Katriana) it's like one of my fave names ... follow back ? :D
Thank you Tom-Tom. Sweet slumbers and sugarplum wishes to you!
The reason I ask, is my hair is in need of a haircut/ I am in need of a better comp card photo.
Tournaments back to back to back
excuse me. Fucking fantasy boyfriend just got elected! Go !
The Rox abbreviation is already taken by the Colorado Rockies sorry! and the games headed to OT
#YouShouldNever say never ;)
Thanks for doing the story on my app "All About Sounds". Robbie looked so cute!
Having T1, T2, and T3 is like having 3 twenty minute interactive #meded workshop/chats. Thanks!
data viz: helping people see how they fit into systems
A student got shot one block from the school today. Scary, yet unfortunately not rare. Just reminds me why we work so hard.
#Royals fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Yankees #Royals)
the marlins going all in on crazy!
It amazes me how ppl so freely share affection or feelings. I was raised to ignore or suppress them & affection was rarely w/o a cause.
Creepin on Zach Porter hardcore. No regrets ✌
When my bestfriend texts the guy i like about me . . . <<<<
has g wallace made a difference for nets(blazers fan) don't want nets games!! Who do u think won that trade?
F yeah!! Just found out there is a 24 hour pho citi on sunset and la brea. Gonna be the new hang out spot
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
hahaha text me.
Listen people when you add my name to lists make sure there's a big dog in there or it will not get retweeted your looking at a millionaire
oooohhhhh yeeeaaaaah! Cheers to a relaxing day!
: the generosity of New Yorkers is actually extraordinary. Doris Freedman award at Grace Mansion.
Too much invested in RN as warrior narrative.
Check your e-mail.
CONGRATS for winning the #CreativeConnectionSD raffle! Enjoy your Stem!
Ugh what should I do for dinner?
Hahaha I just saw a guy dressed like a cowboy with a skateboard yea that totally makes sense
Editing this #Zumba video just makes me more upset at the actual #Zumba commercials. FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!
A weds night, not tired at all.....ooowwwwwwwwwwww
Absolutely - looking forward to meeting you.
#WhenImAlone I need someone to talk to or I'll start talking to myself haha!!
Can we get enough people together for a weekly coworking jelly? A few spaces around Central Bmore may work
lol one of the best episodes ever
Amateur Contest starting at midnight!
hey there slick Rick. How's your Friday?
Air China launches new flight to Mumbai
so perfect!
jesus man, that just made it better!
I have been missing TweetDeck and Twitter-I have returned
i like burning shit...
wat up bro
Going back to sleep at 8 to get a couple more hours or sleep. The rest of the week is going to be busy as hell. Yikes.
No, you and my husband are the only three. :)
My Birthday is Tomorrow!!!!!! hope everybody says happy birthday to me ^_^
Ha ! Girl know what's up!!
this is a goog advertising campaign for W-40! very good concept :)
The fault in our stars. Decent so far.
oh that makes sense, okay! it must be cozy!
Eating a slice of cheese pizza @ Costco
And that's why I love you. And always will.
Thanks Katie!! She's so pretty that someone needs to set her hair on fire.
I have something to show you
same here.
I'm gttin impatient like so forreal
What you're going through He's working out just for you and your glory.B/C He won't allow something,He doesn't intend to help u thru4ur sake
Happy Labor Day!
Dear Nashville (West End), it's 5pm. Thanks for not yet cleaning my room.
I hate traveling with babies crying and kicking the back of my chair. One more kick and homie gonna get his first taste of skydiving.
lmao. come on that shit is funny as hell. XD I'm sorry.
some of us are weekly Chipotle regulars here !
Hey wuz up! I know your model Dayami that's at your shoot LoL! To bad I'm not part of the video
thanks for the follow! Love working w/ !
working on a PartyLite order. Oh what fun it is to have friends over and have a great time. Up until after 1 pm. yea
The visitation for the teens killed in the Campbellsport crash is being held today at 3 P.M. Tune in to TMJ4 at 5 Todd Hicks TMJ4
THANK YOU!!!
Khan’s Bar and Grill
Send beats for the next project: TONYJONES210(at)gmail
haha you can learn a lot about a person during lunch time
Small greek salad with romaine and a crab cake on top please...
oh we meant to ask you if Matt knows how to drive a pontoon
Every man needs a woman when his LIFE is a MESS, bcoz just like the game of chess, the QUEEN PROTECTS THE KING!!! ;-)
Welcome anyone in Steeler country is family
Bruno Mars had some gr8 Elvis & James Brown moves!
It's so sad to tell people where they are on the hold list for Hunger Games. Hopefully they will learn & request 50 shades of grey asap!
I like my Canadian-manufactured Toyota ... Clint Eastwood won't get me to buy a Chrysler.
If When stuck in traffic, the only lane that doesn't move is yours ... Retweet
I miss you too !
I don't know which one to choose.
waiting for my brother to arrive.... yeah camping/atving
New social media business plan: landing page promises never to sell to Facebook.
#sushitoDaiFor San Rafael is jammed packed 30 minute wait for a table of two
. We both know what "luck" is - when preparation meets with opportunity. Oh yes, and the tenacity YOU are famous for... :-)
fine. Then i will fail science AND NOW IM FORCED TO JAM TO TRS ALONE.
thanks!! My Hubby makes such a great #jacksparrow, we are doing it all over again! and you??
Comic book art is way under appreciated.
I will get you papers if we get any at the meeting 0.o
I mean, let's face it - if I was Canadian I'd want to escape from there too, being a suburb of Detroit and all...
when is the open house?
You can look for a collection of my poetry, Geography of Love, in the upcoming issue of Assaracus.
If cutting you up into bite sized pieces and feeding you to the dog is wrong, I don't want to be right.
Yum! Our favorite :)
Sugar sugar how'd you get so fly?
Working with a new client opening a new style of upscale Pawn Shop in Portland, OR, looking for investors. Robin Weirich
which show are you gonna see?
Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands?
look at you!!
i can't study without music. or snacks. or coffee. or occasional Facebook breaks.
Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
LOL...LOVE YA BACK
Hopping in bed now so I'm asleep by 12. 5 days left of the Kiehl's Midnight Recovery Diaries! Sweet dreams.
Good morning and a happy Easter
ANYTHING SHE CAN DO I CAN DO IT BETTER!!!
Fresh Consulting is honored to be partnered with the multiple award-winning PR firm - see waggeneredstrom.com
doing wht I'm not suppose to...ooweee
u a bitch ass bitch
Gentlemen, pls wear cotton socks/ footies & lotion feet daily. Heat+friction+feet+dryness = ugly, corny feet OR less sex appeal
This are the times I wish tweeter had a like button.
Weird Al and Liz Lemon, together on 30 Rock - What could be better? : )
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for sharing! Heard had a blast with you out at SxSwi!
At Angelika waiting for LOST to start. If you don't have a seat yet, don't bother coming!
Be ready Monday for take on the #phillies and why exactly they seem to think they're better than the
Bout to get off had a real easy day at work bout to go home and get ready for tonite I'm excited St. Andrews bout to be rocking fasho
that's just my way of saying I'm working all weekend
Monday = FREE Appetizer Buffet at Blackthorn! From 4-6pm, stop in for pint of Guinness and some of our complimentary homemade appetizers!
unfortunately, no :(
2 members working together! RT : It's a Fast Foodie- Globaco kind of day! What could be better then shooting Globacos?
Somebody is, what I call, broshing.It's similar to that of a bromance; but sadly, only 1 party is feeling it. A crush, per say.
When your zeal runs low your love for God and your loyalty will sustain you.
There is really nothing better than re-watching "Say Anything" for the 9000 time. "Bitches, man!"
I'm in Miami now until Wed for work!
Oh thank god lol I thought you were mad at me or something but I added your new one
what section are you in? in case we decide to join you on 6/17
I have 21 kids and counting im on TLC now haha...
Loved the blog post. Thanks for visiting!
what time?
When people promises you they will quit doing something and then that person continues doing it... #ugghhsomad!
It's not your plan or a "Good" plan...it's all about GOD'S PLAN!!
Suddenly miss cheerleading. It really applies to everyday life teaching you to kick (butt) and smile when your "team" is having a rough day.
now i have to make a schedule! am i that busy??!!
website #requires flash enabled computers and devices. on your #Androids u can switch the browser to desktop mode for flash.
wish I was in #SEATTLE I would be there!
Tin Roof Jazz Band TONIGHT at Lindy Fix! Polish Cadets Hall, 927 Grant Street. Be there!
Madera County Court house.
Their rules/format look an awful lot like ours. I guess we'll take that as compliment.
exactly, your kid won't compete with zillions.
Hey residents! FREE Nutrition workshop tonight 7:30pm @ the Lofts Lounge! Sign up w/ the front desk staff.
LOL, but not by much.
I love my haters <3
dude I took french in high school for 3 years and had the same experience... I can only imagine it in college!
Just woke up from a nap. It wasn't long enough... Oh well! ☺
Ok so I just Michelle Obama downtown....*Speechless*
Have you bought Mega Millions tickets for tonight's drawing? RT if the answer is yes!
SAYIN RT : Loving the windows wide open on this gorgeous day. Maint. guy is cleaning up with a leaf blower, blowing dirt in my house.
“: lol yes I'm excited”I know u are
The only reason I don't mind opening every Saturday is because I get off at 2pm
Anyone else as talented as I am at burning themselves with their torch?
Worthwhile conf to look at concerning peace & web: 'Online Discourse in the Arab World: Dispelling the Myths (Blogs and Bullets Initiative)'
Gloriously sunny spring day for a trip to Birmingham.
This bus smells straight up like an em effing port-o-john.
Watching Trollhunter. Heard a lot of great things about it.
hey im to lazy to get up so I went to ur fb page to se the forecast.. U may want to look at a profile pic by someone on there
RT Sun 5/13 #DC free SOS program: How to Develop Detachment, vegetarian dinner 4PM Seekers Church BACK DOOR 276 Carroll St
GIS is a practical system for Problem Solving, using Intelligent Maps to identify issues, add context and tell a story.
: Does anyone else feel like they're ordering a sandwich when saying #LGBT or is it just me?
Can I have a follow? :) I'm not tweeting from the live chat thing! LOL. I love you <3
Wow, my great aunt just passed away at 96yrs old. She was the oldest member of the family. So bummin :(
can't stop listening to April's #WHLN .... Only thing keeping me going this morning!
RT : Running into someone from high school that got fat is better than Christmas
it was great. Had a chance to meet with clients, partners and prospective clients. Also, picked up some good ideas for SHRM.
of may! It's a Thursday!
We really need closed captioning on these TVs, don't we?
Enter shikari is tonight! I wish I could go :( I'll just go see my girlfriend instead :)
Getting ready to play the Twitter Up for Africa tourney on Ultimatebet.
what woman doesnt love chiffon tops
yes Indiddle de diddle de diddle de de!
It was exciting driving/punching/shooting, though, so it's an ok trade-off. PS, Denzel is still awesome.
see...instragram is a cool app!
OK thanks!
Refer a friend to Lee Silsby and both new and current customer get a $30 Amazon.com gift card each. Check LeeSilsby.com for more details.
I'm going to start making all my coffee Irish.
hey how are u? :D
That moment when the person phone next to you vibrates and you check your phone.
80s electronics somehow/sometimes retain a retro coolness, but 80s sax — pure cheese
Great lecture last night. Keep it going :-)
Nice DP Strike him out throw him out!
In approximately 2 Days, 9 hours and 20 minutes...
ah, the good life
Guess sometimes I be out of my league thats why I never ask for things man
Hehehehe.... remember that pitch.... hehehehe... 24 hour work days may be finally paying off!!
I work today and tomorrow. If I come I'm get the road as soon as I get off tomorrow. I should be off at 12 :)
