Change is a process not an action.
Greetings, Jose! Great to see your creative spirit here!
I don't think the Browns provided Colt McCoy enough talent around him to get a fair evaluation of his talent moving forward
Perfect golf weather.
Fine, here's my stupid Timeline and my cover photo. (In protest/ under duress).
Every time I eat pizza, I cut the corner of my lip. WTF?!
correct, patent pending will probably sell a shit ton of records. but maybe someone awesome just saw doe eye & wants to sign her? or be her?
Thanks. I am. So how you doin'?
I would've never gotten that - Enjoy the concert
whoa. did he wake up? RT Will Rhymes passes out after getting hit by a pitch. That's a first
Zone block; get short yardage TDs and be tied.
Thanks for following! Love the #RonR ideology and looking forward to reading your tweets!
Completely agree RT don't think culture can be taught... culture is nurtured
thank you :)
#icantgoadaywithout rolling up.
WHOA!!!!! National caramel popcorn day-Drinks are on me!! Let's light this candle...u guys rok!
beer beer and more beer
We started watching The Sitter with Jonah Hill and I had to walk away it was so horrible
We are super-grateful for our Cavalcade sponsors!
Being able to skype with family members.
Editing friend's reel and listening to Monday Night Football on Internet radio. Auditory sensation is awesome. Luckily I am easy graphics.
Social Media--the second section--underway.
S/O to for being absolutely awesome<3
Waiting Nebu Response Im Tryna Make History
The new FIFA Street demo is kind of fun
I'm just gonna go to my last class.
thank you! We will get them added today!
By shirt do you mean "glass of wine" in place of where a shirt would be?
ISO: Executive Director position for soon-to-be unemployed colleague. Lots of experience on Assn Level.
Hopefully soon! :)
thanks! My attention was turned to two articles I am trying to get out the door, but I am going to dig back into this essay today.
My strength in this music buiz is writing..you put me in Tennessee for a week or 2 I promise I'll write a hit country song!!!
thanks Bill!! Feeling better????
First team since 2008 to win in San Diego & I'm proud to say my #Packers were the ones to break it!! 8-0 baby :D
Looks like June 1st event will be bigger than the last one!
HOW YA DOIN HARRY???
This rain makes me want too go home, cuddle up. & sleep my life away :)
Nice to see PHD trending.
May all day
man! I'm addicted to Children of Bodom! \m/
Have you ever fucked a Japanese girl?
but I still own Redbox
Finally upgraded to the iPhone 4S. So far so good. Stoked for Florida next month. Hope you are too
Please!! My goal for today is: 80 followers!! Pleaze!!(:
better question. Why do womans NCAA players look so much like men...
how's the #annualwarehousesale going ?
RT If you downloaded that new Shawn K mixtape. :)
Of course you love your mother everyday and not just one day a year.
the background section on 'what is SM?' would be a good place to pt in print some stats and history we should prolly have collected already
I need a chill day.
Feral children, an abandoned lodge, having to see things from the murderer's point of view - adds up to a great read. Nightwoods by Frazier
You would both like
Welcome MS to the Linux community. You coy thing. Your CEO says no, but your eyes say yes.
Guess that 49 year old Jamie Moyer experiment DIDN'T work
www.eccoffee.com/events TONIGHT 4-5 FREE Mary Kay Makeover and 7-830 The Indian River Band!
I Love Ignoring People , But I Hate Being Ignored .
sorry, try again. it should work now.
When I go back to school ima wish I hadn't stayed up so late
There always seems to be a call for #prayers ...but I'm ready anytime...
were rocking our I <3 One Direction sweat shirts today!!!!! :)
for every time you checking you get a new sticker with each character is so fantastic! What yup so do it. Lol
in re: that Adrienne Rich snippet: Oh Twitter, disrespecter of spaces: Those spaces mean something, you know? Something worthy of attention.
Thank you 4 being a positive role model for kids. How involved with eMVe clothing will you be?
RIP Kyle my love. You're free now.
Happy Boxing Day! In Belgium, Boxing Day is celebrated by eating a ton of waffles.
thank you so much for the shout outs<3 it really means a lot!
Yeea,haha I'm friends with him on Facebook. I take back what I say about him,he's super sweet:) lol
So what is that crazy moon doing tonight? Eclipsing?
nice. I'm not a huge fan but have heard great things.
Just spent the afternoon eating a scrumptious early Thanksgivings Dinner with the rest of the OAA Fam. Top notch, indeed.
Communication, Compromise and Co-operation, If you seek God as a couple and Utilize the 3C's it's a good Start!
I love my bestfriend! She swears she'll pay half for a plane ticket but i just cant let her do that!
really?? is he talking about history of the US or the world?
Would you consider an advertising opportunity with ? Not sure how, but would like to discuss.
If they lose, we pay your tab! #Heat vs #Lakers. Gator ribs are the specials! #whiskeytango is the place tonight!
Damn. I am one Mexican ass baby.
Thought for the week: All librarians want to do is give you free stuff. Free information, free eBooks, free internet access, free cake pans.
Lani can literally watch the same movies all day
Eliminating distractions you don't really need allows you to be more productive with the things you really want.
Ok WTF is going on it seems to me that someting is happeniing here what it is aint exactly clear
Well, I do work down there now. But I know, I'm obsessed.
Fun! RT The Race Village opens today- 10:00. Come on down we are next stadium.
Again the hazard of minimalist sculptures for texting pedestrians.
Never use the slang "sitch" and "deets" in the same sentence. I did once & it was bad. Really bad.
always good advice!
Tsk, tsk. No cell phones young lady! :P
How come my daughter got all her toys in my bed
Nobody said it would be easy, but I didn't know it would be so hard.
It's ABSURD... It's INSANE... It's Super Committee!!!
your a funny kid but um
I'm not really that important at all. I guess people like what I say ☺
Played poker with Lacey Jones for an hour tonight before I was moved to another table and was busted out. She was really nice.
I signed up for e-mail alerts a couple of days ago and I haven't received anything yet :(. How can I fix that??
Jesusspotting: at the bus station on the corner of Santa Monica blvd and Crescent Heights.
VOTING has ended... thanks to everyone who voted...looks like we missed 1st place by a few votes...so close!!!
bravo, you own 70% of my monday night sleep time with reality television.
love your wallpaper!
That was our plan all along. RT : resolved my issue and upgraded to ViP... Thanks! And bought 2 more.. Lol
A Monthly payment plan is now available for those wishing to enroll in Hawaii's #1 RE Investor training program - the Millionaire Mentor...
I wanna leave !
Running into old high school teachers.at the bar = priceless! haha
You guys! There's some kind of a professional football man in front of me at airport security!
In all my months of cleaning fish, Chuck -- I'm really shocked I haven't dropped the bowl or killed him.
Love when an oblivious Asian girl almost runs into me in the parking lot then I follow her home bc she lives in my complex.
"Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together."
Join us at 6pm for the men's NCAA games!
Working on some extra credit for CRJ!
*hollers at antonela*!
Starting to gather assessment data on Emory's own instances of WordPress and Omeka. Surveying instructors and researchers.
i did
Oh, and you two have iP, right? Do you know of a good document scanner? I can't find real scanner cord!
The annual indicator that summer is right around the corner, is when you see the All Saints Fest signs go up.
YAY!!! Thanks Sam, hope you love it.
im coming for you... :)
MusicalStop.com The one stop shop for All Indie Artists! ! !
Oh I've broken so much crap today. This design I'm working on is going nowhere fast.
I was going to ask about your trip, now no need :-)
I seem to be having Twitter hiccups.
Don Kelly is my hero.
This reminds me to upgrade my FF when I get home. :)
Good thing I took a shower last night. I am way too lazy to take one right now.
i haven't officially "delivered" them yet, but they should all show up round about
because, idk. I'm not tired ^.^ why are yu up?
Throat is killin me, bit by bit.
With every bad experience comes a learning opportunity to better prepare you when the same situation comes back around. Live & learn.
Totally didn't realize it was about a tranny until it was too late.
Out and about with
Nice! Hope the rest of the week goes smoothly for you as well. PS. I signed up for a speed date :)
We are open today! And the sun is shining....great day for a smoothie! Try our Pina Colada Blast.
sorry, no giveaways for this event. guess it was pretty pop-ular!! : can u please get me two tickets?
Wisconsin Governor Walker Attacks Sex Ed
(BREAKING NEWS) Reports say the Angels have agreed to terms with Albert Pujols for 10 years $250 Million
#WhatIMissMost is a job.
A rich, crazy person would do it unfortunely. You would be surprised what certain folks would do nowadays.
Couples jeggings! Brilliant!
Just got nicest message from an old friend in support of nat. library week. Proud to be assoc w/ libraries & supporting community learning
I Want To Win peoples hearts to not get any hate towards me :( i am very hated Idk y :(
Watching Joseph at #actorsplayhouse. Great show! Go La!
I want tonight to be one of those nights I ain't qne remember #fckked up
RT : Left my old bitch at home got a new one
I Swear My Mother Is Beautiful She Ion't Look 40 !!.
shout out to 4 shooting the bird! Lol
Home with a headache
Are you ready for some Football!!!! Redskins and Cowboys tonight!!!
Tyga - Faded feat Lil Wayne: via
Such a beautiful day out and TGIF! Come kickoff your weekend at the bar and try some of our new craft beers for Happy Hour!
Reading that Ty Isaac is all USC. "Whatever. Deveon Smith is much better. Heard Hoke cooled on Isaac"
damn that is hot. I'd still take it though. Don't mind the heat
LOL! Lets talk about your visit to LA. We should make a photo shoot happen :)
Thanks Jordan, please ask friends to vote from all devices and browsers!
let's hang out right now!
send me beats fam
27 Million trees a year are destroyed to support our paper towel addiction. Clean up your spills with cotton kitchen towels or old clothes.
in house booty....forever and ever and ever and ever!! Outside of that, I don't know.
Sometimes I carry a large butcher knife, just in case
Why is Stacy Keibler on #GeorgeLopez? More importantly, why am I watching #GeorgeLopez?
Once upon a time, twitter stopped working on my phone. Now it's swift.
My moms so annoying!
Oh no!! Hope you'll get better soon, dearest. :( Hugs
Happy Mother's Day !!!!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Bullies with paralysis have no feelings.
What was your most embarrassing moment on stage?:)
I'm excited for the new #APStyleBook also!
Hey who's the homeless guy they replaced you with on Sirius Radio (John)? You know he like !
i am going to dream in XML tonight. ugh.
The #Oscars are this Sunday night. Use #BestDressed to tell ABC's Red Carpet host who you think looks best. Follow Nina Garcia!
Jean Shinoda Bolen tonight at #womenofwisdom :: blessed with 2nd half of life, make meaning, have fun, choose
And the rep just put me on hold and hung up on me after I asked to be transferred to a manager
Do they still make great pizza?
Someone favorited my tweet from 62 days ago o_O
knowledge is power!
fitting Kaka and Ronaldo both get blocked. What were those price tags again?
It just occurred to me that the only real reason I came home was to use the bathroom. Do you do this? Is this silly or smart?
126 square blocks
My LA people, what's going on for cinco de mayo?!?! Got the day off!
RT : Win Tickets to Earth, Wind & Fire ! RT I want to see the Music Legends Earth, Wind & Fire! Winner will be chosen today!
“: I love launch days. My Twitter stream lights up with #space goodness. #Soyuz #TMA04M #NASATweetup #NASASocial”Cosign rt
I had to go look. I lost a day. Wow Where did Thursday go.
My heart just got an extremely sour feeling
Because taxpayers aren't entitled to public services/spaces they can actually use & because there's an app for that!
Well now I want to try it. I'll have to get on that.
Commissioner Sauron ruling with an iron fist - suspensions galore for the Saints are hard core.
Got 4 out of 10 pictures for a 10 page Spanish story due by Monday. Dece.
Grande Noelia!!!!!keep going then Miami is waiting for u!!!!!!!!!!!!
lmfao only with him! Aww you guys are cute 
$5 off your next order when you say you saw us on Twitter! Log onto www.lonestardeliveryonline.com or call us @ 877-527-5737
Please come to San Diego, and we will party together again! Miss you so!
Going in again at Barcito.
thanks, love! :)
I am so stoked for #TheVoiceFinale tonight! Tony Lucca is from my hometown buut I gotta goo al the waay. :)
Thanks Sis! I can't wait to see your film - I know it's going to be epic!
These old school Kings jerseys are pretty sick.
“: Dudes that have a "I dont have nothing prove attitude" with their shit together is very attractive”ain't we tho!
“Travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.” – Miriam Beard
Rape a pregnant bitch, tell my friends I had a three some.
fun :D
Thank you for replying. :) Joking about the sister thing... kinda sorta. ha ha!
Love to help with Let's meet!
i do that a lot actually. people usually tell me i'm weird for that, but glad i'm not alone :)
All right, I'm in with Visual Studio Achievements
#Imsinglebecause no one likes me :)
Apple IPAD is a joke...no camera, no multiple programs running. Large format Iphone? IDUD? Get a $999 Macbook for just MORE!
Turnover. Laker ball!
All of us here at Penn Fixture would like to wish all of you a safe and happy Turkey day!
Yeah. Can't have the little woman driving to the station at all hours. Especially with the baby.
@#ib8 Proud of my daughter, Sadie, talking about non verbal facial expressions of the 7th grade at Ignite#8! Thanks to
oh no!
No Sh#t Sherlock! Nice empty slogan, but I bet he doesn't have a clue how to make it happen!
same so you txt me 9526083
Most of the time when you settle, you tend to regret it later....
Hi Everyone, make sure to check your settings and time in your DVRs to ensure they are updated with the Daylight Savings Time!!
definitely pass interferance if i ever saw it!!
It's funny how so many guys/girls wished they had something real you got it but don't appreciate it!
Now that's dedication. Give us your top five and we promise no one will hold it against you.
Tonight's episode feat. Exec. Chef Michael Farrell of & BISTREAUX at the , who will talk about FQ Wine Fest.
Go big blue!! Glad I got to go to the game and really glad we pulled that one out despite the horrible officiating!!
Made a new list for myself late last night. Things I could achieve that wouldnt be settling. Jobs dreams. A TT job wasnt on the list.
The funny thing about political jokes is that they often get elected.
Missing my hubby...
Boycott the NBA for having a lockout RT If the lockout ends today you are going to ________
Rondo had the triple double (13, 12 & 17) but KG was the man on the night for BOS w/ 29 & 11 as take a 1-0 lead w/ the 92-91 win."
Or tweet us your question!
Not at all, but Dr. B told me this past weekend they could use some pointers. They are a colony after all!
Way to celebrate! Hope it was happy!RT : Wondering if I should walk up to dunkin donuts this morning & get donuts for my birthday.
M.O.B
graduation tomorrow?! what?! this is SO crazy! =0...time sure flies when you least expect it!
Promote yourself free on the site on my profile. All social networks. Follow 4 follow? i'll follow back in 1-2 days.
In a world full of darkness, shine anyway.
Lane Kiffin was at Tenn one year I believe
Stop and think to yourself, "Is this really bad customer service, or are these bad customers?"
hi sexy mommies - some lucky kids you have xoxo wishing you endless love <3
Gonna Light Up Some Fireworks and Fire Crackers Soon ;D
My sweet nephew died unexpectedly today. :(
thanks, I'll be here all week
Repetitive use injury: Dysfunction is there long before pain sets in, then as the dysfunction is corrected the pain diminishes.
Worried about missing the State of the Union so you can get your trivia fix? Don't. We're moving trivia to 7 so you can get your Obama on
☼ Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands. Zig Ziglar
what's good ..Thanks for the follow
Having those weird-ass conversations with your friends and thinking if anyone heard us right now, we'd be put in a mental hospital.
Two drivers tonight recommended Sabri Nihari for Pakistani / Indian. Moroccan recommends Andalous.
send me an email and I will followup directly. Tom
Just getting home from long day at work & gym..bout to run to the shower
left both cell phones at home and dressed for massive storms
agreed. We better score 40. D looks lost. Venables has to be hoarse...
Sonny Rollins honored on CBS: Kennedy Centers Honors! Jazz on network television. That's real "reality" television!
Gonna be a long day
I just got pregnant lookin at that picture! Dang u! Lol
Bruno Mars is the only short man I could ever love... O, and Bruce Lee.
I'm so embarrassed to think about any of those baseball team names. May as well call them Bad News Bats!
okay well that's not too bad xD
Ok brotha thanks!!!
Ok, am I crazy but anti depressant ads seem curiously similar to life insurance ads...
It doesn't get any better than today's New York Post cover.
Ok I met you at the Greyson chance concert right?
on a positive note, i did just learn how to send a fax from Outlook :)
want to buy from this fabric store up the street n make my own clothes but would look like some Gordon Gartrel
We will be announcing a *secret show* in Austin, TX soon!! :)
Plans are going into motion now for the Urban Noise Spring festival... send us your band suggestions!
Do tell...
Hi everyone, Nate here, your friendly Health IT geek! Sounds like an exciting chat!
A turkey never voted for an early Christmas - Irish Proverb
Gonna be a cold wintery night people! Bundle up!
nothing is certain outside of yourself.
And they're all coughing uncontrollably
Houston or Austin is like home of the Asians in Texas.
Our hosting provider is having some problems this morning, but we should be back up shortly. I'm sorry for the inconvenience!
pity you :P hehehehe
have you broken it down to minutes? Ha!
Twitter, im so excited to play my show.
Really really need new running shoes!
hmm... I sent you some stuff away back, I will resend. I have not heard from him.
hahaha! I heard its a wild and crazy party! :)
Its amazing to me how many people have no common sense...
Not the ideal day to think solar but still State #incentives kick-start Bellingham #solar panel company | BBJ Today
I'm calling bullshit. You weren't by Lakeshore dorms...You was here. And you was smoochin' with my brother
Thanks, it was!
thanx. You have a great week also.
School is Like A Boner , its Long And Hard , Unless Your Asian . (x
There is a show called "Hardcore Pawn"
As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you. Fran Lebowitz
you should tape a copy of Binds of Blood to *their* front door... (not sure I got the title right)
Miami Heat beating the Bulls Ass... #literally....on the floor
5'10"+ FEMALE PROMO MODELS NEEDED: national publication & food brand have teamed up for unique SXSW event on 3/15. msg me for details.
No, it's capitalism alright. Just fascist tinged capitalism.
I feel strange that I'm going tomorrow for The first game post-Beane. Just by chance
how you been
Sending our verry own danni a dark purple :) it seems to be all the rage :) Love from Harley
Some ideas sound ridiculous only when you speak them out.
Hello rain!!! Gotta love the free car wash!
Oh I was watching that. Then I watched it again.
like the new picture! it's meat boy. er something.
Mall later &getting my nails/eyebrows done! :)
hehe I love when someone sings nasty to me... ;-)
Do I have your email?
And if you've been wondering about these tweets, join the best sports biz chat on Twitter at #sbchat every Sunday at 9:30 pm ET.
I'm watching the game, DVRing HIMYM, if that's a reference to tonight's episode.
missing u too baby, and no roots
it should! They get tough!
Twisted and no doubt drinking vodka, hanging her ankles in hoop earring during sex
I bet me and could def make a better show
working too hard? ;)
RT Susan Hutchison = fundamentalist anti-evolution conservakook. Explains why she won't debate r explain her opinions on anything
eat lots of pasta - always works for me :-) - have a great day!
I have to laugh - of *course* you've done this before. My dreams can't even outdo the kitchen!
to jaden! Follow me! Ur awesome :)
i think its at the same spot we went to March Madness
Go #Reds!! Just watched a Reds feature on #MLBisBack on #ESPN...Cincy is where it's at! We love this city and it's great people!
What's your personal vision?
My mommy and her boyfriend working on the back yard .... I put in my request for a new room lol
Big Rangers win now 3 up on the pens with the Islanders beating down the pens!!
Thanks for the retweet
Watching 16 & pregnant i <3 this show even if the girls have no clue wat they got themselves into lol That sucks!!!
Thanks! I suppose I could have taken minute to look for that.
I'm going to be highly disappointed if this episode turns out to be lame, we wanna see Cody swear & rage! I hope it turns out as he said.
Worst officiated game I've ever seen
When I went to work today, I didn't expect to end up in jail. Just doing an interview with , but still.
Great pic! We love your work.
I azked god to get rid of my enemies I was Surprized wen I Lozt niggaz dat waz friends to me SMH #shout out to all my real niggaz
A true tragedy in every sense: London's Sky News reporting singer Amy Winehouse found dead in her London home. Details to come.
One Directions starts on their second album tomorrow!
Authors, cont.: If I can't find you easily I often just give up. How many opportunities for PR are you missing w/out a blog?
Nothing in this world that's worth having comes easy.
#MyPastRelationships made me know what I want and need in a relationship!
#thetransformationdare Day 1 - convo about what effective & engaging learning looks like to tchr; how do we know students are learning?
RT: If u love a man ull toast his pb&j
Stupid move Rondo. Try to act like you've been in a high stakes game before.
wow...is that who it was tho?
hope you die
Taking my son to see Jeff Tweedy perform at The Vic this weekend. Very excited! It will be his first indoor concert. Good start.
Whelp traffic in NYC
Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamppost how it feels about dogs.
What a great day in NOLA! Be safe, be happy and enjoy your Mardi Gras!
hey. Sounds like fun, how's LA?
did you follow ?
Enjoy every scented moment with a Mia Joy Spa & Moisturizing Candle.
Were never taking a WR high, what was I thinking.
Nd It Begins NOW
me too!!
RT : The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. - William James
Excited! new album "Fearless" is going to be awesome! RT : A HUGE day tomorrow for our friend
I can't keep pretending I don't like you.
What makes you beautiful- One Direction
Today was fun with Brenda :D But tomorrow shuld be better with my Boo <3
Watchin Step Up 3 for the first time! One of my fav' gurl dancers also rep for NIKE is fucking amazing in it!
Who's ready for the CHILI CHALLENGE Tomm ??? I hear the winner gets an Amazing prize ?? (:
Love never fails you.
same here might order it tonight or tomorrow cause will have to get it on brads card hehe x
what a story - glad you are sharing your optimism!!
SF for a month in a few days. Sweet.
CHECK OUT OUR FAVORITES (:
Makes sense RT : twitter wrkd well for food truck event, b/c that is how ppl follow food trucks in Dallas.
You ain't say a place or time. You just gave a date and cause...
Also, good resources or books for principles of game design and development (creative, technical, and business perspectives all welcome).
Wow - big blue sky, blue field, blue suits, blue crowd. Now let's see some Orange and Black Attack - #GoBeavs!
Am I the last person on earth over age 30 to watch #thekingsspeech? What took me so long?
RT : I NEVER LIE ABOUT THE THINGS I HAVE ... I WORK HARD. AND IF I REALLY WANT SOMETHING ILL BUST MY ASS FOR IT.
gabe wants to know. Post it on his facebookwall
Enjoy nightime pillow talk with your mate
“: Searching for a salon out there that does hair chalking.” what is hair chalking?
Thanks for listening Andrie!
oh girl
Glad to hear they enjoyed it. Thanks for bringing them in!
Drinking with my white boys
Let's go puppies!
on the nights I have to work, I don't do any
lol im sorry for caring damn !
High levels of physical activity reduce cancer mortality rates by 38%.
“: Wow. This show has jumped the shark with all wheels spinning.” is this when a certain wife drives after her riteous cop hubby?
and this week, it'll be in the mid-70's! It might as well be spring
This year flew by. Happy New Year!
#you #don't #need #a #hashtag #for #every #word #you #type. It's
My own cat doesn't want to cuddle with me. get the fuck outta my room
I shall drink until I dance with a leprechaun :3
If you don't use the Oxford Comma you are wrong, lazy, or British.
yes mam baby
figure out I have bad hand writing tonight. I guess my way of writing far looks like I spell car.
Good thing you cleared that up. My policy is… I stop following people if they’ve been dead more than three days. LOL
Had such a great meeting with Steven on Feb 28 that I've decided to help as best I can. GL on BuyingIntoBmoreWest campaign!
Yes you can indeed. Good to have you back in the running!
VALENTINE'S DAY IS AROUND THE CORNER!! Place your orders now!
Well thank you :) We've actually toured to Michigan before! We are from Minneapolis so I'm sure we'll be back!!! :)
Fuck this phone.
After all, the dealer did invest millions to sell and service automobiles
Looking for motivation to get me to the gym....
Just tried QuestionPoint (virtual reference) for the first time via askmn.org. Very cool!!
RT : Mary Marshall Clark via video from to #oralhistory conference: how do we teach 9/11 history now?
;) handgun Close Quarters Combat In Airsoft
My 3 yr old just asked me if David apologized to Goliath after hitting him in the head with a rock. How do I explain that one?
Oh, yeah. That's actually pretty funny in a Talker-headed way.
Flying to Oakland today; arriving at sundown. Auspicious!
it's not the first time
More than 9.
Just left the mall. :) are you going to the vs game tonight? Would love to see you after My performance.
I cannot believe that the purpose of life is to be happy
#NeverTrustAGuyWho wants a sex change.
All I got left is a 30 second acting scene
The show is progressing so fast, the moment is almost here. Will you be there to share? March 25th www.MRCJE.com get your tickets..
She's gonna be loads of fun by wedding time. Loads.
I have a frosty beverage that says Blueshirts over your Devils
Just stole a paper clip from Hope that wasn't important.
haha what's up?
I smell shit
really craving some taco bell! idk even know why-_-
Sounds like a metrowide ambulance shortage with all the car crashes.
China is a big country, inhabited by many Chinese. ~ Charles De Gaulle
Just me and an old guy in this bar right now, watching beastie boys videos. He can't get over how good the vids are, never seen them before.
It's almost time to walk
i like the boys better anyways :) besides
Nice profile photo. I'd date you.
i love jeezy..$waiting
I've heard excellent things about Jimmy's at Foster & Lincoln. Thoughts?
Within several hours of PP sending email about Komen cut, they didn't know what to expect. People donated, and wanted to do more
why don't you allow users to upload photos for contacts and manually add FB/Twitter URLs?
That bad?
Another apology from David Letterman - there's talk he may be punished. Do you think he should be disciplined by the network? Let us know...
Giving thanks to our Creator for universal #love that cultures our palettes ~ palates with hues of rhythm blues clues...
Two patches to core committed this morning, including one that isn't CSS at all. I like today :)
Definitely Does a fun headline game, total foodie, follows everything, knows all.
Just one hour away from Thanksgiving Live on !
#1B1S1B RT : "Next Friday come, I don't have the rent; and out the door I went"
I'm so St. Louis just ask my tattooist..... MVC Tourney... Legggooo
can rub some good luck on me! I hate foot cramps
hopefully once this summer... Justdunno when yet!
I'm betting that Blackburn will win. I'm sitting on a #L15. Use this information as you wish.
that would be clutch bro, sorry i havent checked my twitter in a while homie but yea keep working with
Damn they really are. Also that gold eye stuff is really not doing her any favors.
Enjoying lunch with the fam at Mah Jong. Great food!
I haven't watched current season yet, but I loved season 1.
But...I have a good guy here. So, i'll stay. (:
RT #Free Twilight in the Park concert. Tonight 145th Street Band - high-energy blues. 6:15pm. Organ Pavilion.
Thought for the Day: "Industry is the parent of success." - Spanish Proverb
Nice. Nowhere to go but up!!
something like that!! Pretty ridiculous. But nothing comes between me and my #towsondiner choc milk. Nothing!!
The Library is closed today in observance of President's Day
donation!? Woman I got some extra candles you can have as a donation...other than that, I got nothing lol...
Anybody else love the #internetexplorer song
Starting to look at new types of sources is always fun because you find new types of information.
I wanna get sloppy drunk but I can't even
it's his photography !Back at ya! U r so sweet...looking forward to seeing u on 5th. Heading to tweetup now.
Apparently I've hit the follow wall, looks like it's time to do some cleanup
I need to get on my Twitter game. There are days when I am all over it and then I go away for weeks.
u better!!!
is telling me about the laws for owning erotic animals...weird
Going out to the clothesline.........need a break from this desk.
boys used to diss me, now they write letters cuz miss me
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) <333
Er...chattr, not chatter.
it's not funny!
Kitty ripped key off of laptop. I was able to repair it. I feel useful now. SKILLZ!
Richard Wallace who works at a small business in LeRoy tells us how the conversion disorder has slowed down the local business.
Coming back from picking up my son from Arcadia & a Sheriff gets behind me. Follows me 4 a mile. I'm legit tho. So he did nothing! GOOD GOD!
it sucks :/ well they are gonna lose to the thunder anyway
*hugs back* I think I'm gonna crawl into bed now. I'm actually sleepy now. lol ttyl~
to be fair, on that last one, the compuserve line was 's
Crap, been listening to a lot of Duck lately. I wonder how many of his bass lines, if any, had been sampled by the beasties?
Will be going to turkey real soon anyone ever been up there any fine ass chicks over there
My room is so messy atm it disgusts me. Cleaning it now. Oh and it's raining again so now I can't go running... :(
Pass=check ;D
is this the prequel to Hunger Games?
Chillin with tha boys...there the only people to listen to
There is nothing more disturbing to me than realizing in the middle of the night exactly how much work I have left to do....
Can't wait to play #TheShow12 tonight!
just say "thank you" to those who dis you, because they are just motivating you to be even more amazing than u already are!! <3
about us & join us Friday, April 13, starting 6pm @ Legacy Church, as we Celebrate 40 Years Of Service To Our Lord Jesus!
I thought fluoridated drinking water was the norm throughout the U. S.
maybe you would like me :)
Marina abromovic 'silence is golden' party tonight at #sundance. Good thing im trained,
The new guy at work just told me he thought I was 40. *instantly ages like the dude from Last Crusade*
I have a summer bucket list. :)
Good-morning world •• wishing everyone a blessed, enjoyable, & productive day! Thanking the 1 above 4 waking me and my family 2 another day
I feel all warm and fuzzy for Stamkos now
S/O to Roxy Longhairdontcare Cartwright!! She from Delaware and holding it down for TFPG!!! SALUTE!!!
viva roy cropper ;-)
Game time!
Fixed dashboard while was swimming.
& angela is their sister
Group 8, Public Spaces: manifesting social media (tweets, etc) in public space (murals, holograms, etc.)
Where are you skiing?
Being a girl is not about wearing clothes, it's about playing dress up, no matter your age. :)
#smbmad #uwsocial see - there are lots of similarities between burgers and higher learning
Gettin pumped for this Wed. night. Show starts at 8:30 p.m. Come get down like a clown!
just watch tape, all you doubters real. His story is a great inspiration to youth as well!!
Had an awesome time today assisting with magazine shoot! Super dope.
Alright ill spread the word!
Was pleasantly surprised by Death Race 2...But who the fuck brings grenades to a bank robbery? Thats just asking for something bad to happen
Truth Is Everything Is Everything, Nothing Is As It Was, and Very Little Is What It Seems
Thanks for the beautiful shout-out. Keep the music and beats alive, poet warrior!
Paisans had good deals, love brocach too
great job at the event last night, hope you enjoyed the food!
A well known fact: #Rupert Murdoch 'Not A Fit Person' To Run Major Company- Phone Hacking Report.
- just came across and wanted to say hello!
This coming Saturday 7/23 the Four Freshman will be performing at the Sitnik Theatre Lackland Performing Arts Center in Hacketstown, NJ
thanks for the livestream! (Though still problems.) Do you know when he will go on? What are the attorneys discussing now?
Looking forward to tomorrow :)
me to... lets go spend our money lol
Another blessed day!
So u love norwegian girls? ;; Well, then you love me <3
I know where I want to be in life and I know the type of person I want to share my life with.
u from there?
SDG&E LED Holiday Light Exchange Brings Energy Savings to Balboa Park, Chula ... - MarketWatch (press release) SDG&E LED Holiday Ligh
Manners. .MF. do you have those?
Also Welcome new followers
I need driver anger management
Ready for valentines day! wonder who my first kiss will be?
happy birthday jb i love you<3
Lesson: check the lawn h2o schedules at local parks. Just wen for late night walk with dog and ran into a wall of water. ops.
#resume #tips Be careful of job scams on Craigslist and other places that offer jobs without an interview..
At the mid-point of the PanAm Games, I hear that Canada is in third position in terms of medals, Can anyone confirm? News is so sparse.
Feherty's show right on
kinda wish I had a chilled camel-back suspended from my ceiling for certain parched mornings. that would be swish.
NYC is the place to be (:
I'm sure we'll learn a lot more in the next few days about what's REALLY going on.
I'm going easy at the gym...don't want to knock a potential baby out ;) lol.
bo well we can go ill put yu to sleep Fuck a bad bitch right now
I know it's going to be cute b/c the fabric is great. I'll read the post - always. :)
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to all those who have fought for our country and freedoms. You are appreciated.
The gunfire in this movie is the funniest thing I've ever seen. There's no kickback and they wave the guns around without bothering to aim.
Hope your move to SF went well! For fun, try Hangar One in Alameda. Great tour! We just explored Great Lakes beer, here in OH.
Well done sir.
I stand alone. Not behind a teammate. Not with someone else to blame for my failures. For in my sport all my success is up to me.
iWillPark couldn't be more excited for the ! Even if parking at Candlestick is a headache, the success makes it well worth it!
RT : It happens. I always jump around to another script if that happens. But they say that's looked down upon
trying to be more selective with my moves.... looks like things are paying off
MAMBA ALMOST READY!!!!
“: Trying to make this 8AM flight. So far, we've only lost one shoe” we think it's your shoe not little will
YES @ AMINA'S LAST TWEET.
Thanks again to everyone who came out and supported our Taste A Thon Fundraiser! Friend us on facebook and tag yourselves in pictures!
Biked to work on this gorgeous Friday. I'm so excited for ArtScape this evening and all weekend long!
“: fix me dinner too?” surely
did you shed the tears? :)
Also Eric is going to be joining me. So YAY! - YAY back. Are you preparing him for the clan?
It's so funny, no one in this band really listens to "metalcore" anymore lol.
Today was fucking great. Now off to my wonderful fucking job.
I I disagree
Come to the #UNM SUB lower level to see #Verizon between 10:00 and 2:00pm today for free stuff.
fuc ya RO!! Can't wait!?
On my way to Indianapolis! Did you know it has a canal?
All my money's going down the drain :(
Definitely. I think they started review applications on 11/15. Eager to see what happens.
no child nanas home bored as shit getting high off my own supply...on a gangsta lean blowing on some blue dream...
Yeah, what Veronica said.
Great vibes!
hey! Thank you :) checked out a couple of your songs ..love the one to your son. Keep up the good work!
Feeling extra good this morning.
If youre a mall-going couple, misters stay right next to your misses. Don't make everyone walk around you or awkwardly between you.
sure u will !! Lol yes u don't have to be worried but u would never distract me!! ;)
However, my laptop is about to die and I'm afraid to plug it in and use it. Soon, I'll be off.
would Kobe celebrate after losing game 7 of a NBA Finals like the Patriots did?
Plus, a seating-plus-shelving system, a minimalist bike mount, and more in this week's issue
Is it correct to say "over exaggerate" isn't the "over" implied in exaggerate
I think it's interesting. But I might be biased :)
thinking about Ms. Joly
1/4/12:Today's Pink Slip Topic is based on a favorite quote from the book "The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live"
omg I know! I went to bed at 3 and got up at 7 ahahaha #nosleep I know what I'm doing when I get home defiantly taking a nap!
Getting business cards made up. Where do you suggest I get them?
right here
coit tower! It has an amazing view of the city. & the Irish bank had some really good food.
DON'T MISS OUT on this week's special. 25% OFF PROTEIN SUPPLEMENTS!
That is so amazingly sweet
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Q1 Aww, "dress the part"? Really? :/ (You're right. But I *love* wearing jeans and fuzzy shirts!)
yayayaay last day of school tomorrow for four days :D
Bulldogs convert late in the PP. Leblanc ties it at 2 for the
“: goodmorning sir hows life treating you”I'm good. Hope all is well with u!
good evening to all!!`
“You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend.” P Sweeney...
Happy Thanksgiving! Be polite and try everything on the table.
Dear young moms, Your kids are excited about Santa. Introduce them to St. Nicholas. He was excited about Jesus - the real gift giver!
Default Picture by T-Pain
Austin-"hey i just met you and this is crazy! but heres my number...so call me maybe!" me-"I DONT HAVE IT YET! D'="
Happy birthday dude!
A bx of dates to promote a dating service, is it for seniors? btw brunette galadarling rules.
I get in for free right ? Lol cause I'm official ciroc girl ! ahaha
Looks like SLEEPLESS NIGHT, one of my favorite films from Fantastic Fest last year, is opening this upcoming weekend!
Louis hit 3 million!!! Now Liam's turn!!
my point of reference is proverbs 31 :) to me, marriage is a sleepover with ur best friend every night!
Left Neglected and Still Alice = my two favorite books of late.
#terriblemixcd all the #tigers walk up / at bat songs
cool you jet skies and
he's following me I think m delaney btw
Bo RT : I'm so sick of Cleveland and seeing the same shit.
Yep had too..ha
A day I will remember for a while. Sad, challenging and so much more. And Cinco de Mayo had nothing to do with it.
Apartment fire in South Austin at Tramor at Oak Run Apartments.
Anyone headed to the polls today?
Weve been told that he is a great baby so no complaints but sleepy doesn't even begin to explain it + accepted offer on house :)
"Warn them the next info is incorrect." - Shawn Lawrence Otto
Clearly, greatness.
- Have you seen our organic line of products? 2 polos and 1 jacket.
I loved your Hawkman run.
im bored. someone
your bio seems like something out of a TOK book.
FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK GO GO GO!!
#MSC - thx setting up. is motivated and focused on #eCylinder and #Medeco. Should be a great year!
Yes, sir :) It's what I've been up too. www.facebook.com/INCGivingProject Launching in Australia next week to!
So glad you liked it! Good luck with yours!
we just wrote a hit record!!!!!! this shits crazy
Tryna Get To Richton Park This Weekend.
You got it!
Bad hair day :(
Stay where you are. I will send people to help. :-p
What am I doing this morning? Taking photos at a fencing tournament!
RT : They're here! Here Come the Mummies are live (er, dead) in the studio right now.
i didn't watch Austin's ustream today :( how was it?
Wit is educated insolence. -Aristotle
i want Gerard Butler SO
#MissAmerica ballet dancers... Loved Black Swan!
This Monday, November 22, we will be posting our new song "BOUT TO GET ON IT"!!! Get ready!!!
thanks mama!
Hope you all enjoyed your #CincoDeMayo in #KAFECASTRO style! CHEERS! *clink*
good cause they come in packs of 3 for $3 lol j/k
bold pick. I like it. Good for you. I unfortunately have to be lame and go Heat.
- great to see you too, glad you could make it out on our one 'drinking night'
nice blog, do you do hair? or do you collaborate with a hairdresser? we Lurve doing wedding hair, would do it everyday!
Do you think Pekovic is the real deal? He got 33 minutes tonight....
Is the bubble tea maker up and running? RT : look is on twitter! Lets go get some Bubble Tea!
": I wanna sleep but can't" stay up with me!!!
I GOT A HUG TODAY. I can go back to bed, today has officially been won.
That's always good I can't wait to start my internship with fox ": I do! I am truly blessed to have a job I love. "
RT "Client needs are simple: Clients need Ideas, Innovation and (real time) Intelligence to power sales." via
One has to ask why Illinois cares so poorly for its substance abuse treatment providers.
Kevin Garnett speaks his mind #thatisall . I'm not saying nothing else, he might curse me out! lol
Of course (: Thank you. (:
Up and at 'em for and ! Ms. Zajick already here to warm up! People already camping and setting up shop
That's what I'm here for !! U know ill call u doing the same.. I love you Mick!!!! Everything will be fine :)
yeah I am prepare for house guests this weekend and you know how that goes
That's awesome! What are your favorite stories to tell?
Just beasted that african art midterm!! WHOA!!! I feel an A coming my way :-)
n thanks for da follow back all smiles wita big ass smile gtta smoke a few loud sticks on dat
very cool! see you guys tonight!
I watched that yesterday and again today
ha ha right on
it was done inline on a web...came off finshed and had die-cutting, spot gluing and folding...quite elaborate
Tickets purchased, we will be in Seattle for pretty much all of June. let's have lunch! :)
good morning twitters
sounds like it would be Trevor Crowe
eat breakfast first!! *the voice.
and lo did the heavens rumble and the mountains quake as the red pen slashed and tore.
by the color they made his skin look, its
#ThingsBetterThanTheMiamiHeat Pat Riley's hair Gel
get the name right, dumbass! OSAMA!! NOT OBAMA!!!
Why is it so in to dye chunks of your hair with extreme colors?
Forget the Google issue. The FTC website is absolutely full of their own content - seriously - we need and investigation!!
i do have..but been so busy.. Forgot to charge... Hehe.
Thanks for RTing! I hope the weather's nice next weekend.
well igotta get back on my shit #work #school #basketball gotta balance dem out
weidman, Bisping, & Evans Are Going To Win Today
Well Consensus fades hit again and now at 18-7-1 last 26 after the Heat consensus goes down. and all FREE
survey of instns found <1/3 of #highered community dev and econ dev offices coord. for holistic view of impact.
The Kentucky Derby feels like the superbowl of horse racing.
Miss You;)
Being called ugly <<<<
My Mom's doing well-struggling a bit since the operation. It's been tough. Thanks for asking! It's hard for me to talk about.
Masha from the party
watching the sunrise on my Born Day....possibilities feel INFINITE!
Exactly RT That's Helton's seventh walkoff HR...First since 2009...But most jacked I've seen him since shot off Saito in Sept. 07
Never thought I'd desire a product called Ladder Golf, but there it is: Ladder Golf. Want.
- what about a double header of both movies together...long day at the movies!!!
AND A WOODCHIPPER!
Pretty nice day overall here in Michigan, but most definitely jealous of all you festers!
How we perceive life directly impacts how we live it.
They look great!
Thanks, Bruce. Hope you're well. Weathered the storm I see.
Hi Ryan, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Just got my copy of Why We Broke Up by Daniel Handler. Only forty pages in but I love it already.
Challenging run on the beach- so much wind today. I powered through; resistence makes me push harder and grow stronger. I will not give up!
ayy ladies thats my song bring it back yeah that to
PA twitters go don't forget to
I'm pretty sure I got school in August .
ringringring! Hell? Oh Hi Tamara! Thanks so much for following!! Talk sooN!
Good morning, we are at the NWFA wood floor expo in Orlando Fl- Stop by our booth 736.
Good evening, Ms. Deb. My evening? Good. Did you have a good day?
Challenge: Use a song title (past or present) to describe your current love life.
Hi Tara. We actually have a beer making class tonight but it is full. Next one is Feb. 15. You can sign up online. Cheers!
It's been a long week. Time to sit down and finish up some emails and get ready for youth soccer this weekend.
Awesome! Awesome Quote
Hope your having a GRAND morning. #VinnySwagg<3 (<----I made that up). Love ya(: I'm Such an #IconicIdiot lol(made that up 2)
really, Cali? Why would ya say that?
anyone having trouble finding a fresh ham?
I Really Really Really Love it I Even Recorded it on Ma TV just so I can see u EveryDay I Love you Trey.
Really -.- my whole life is starting to revolve around this ONE issue!
What is a free gift? Aren't all gifts free?
besides we suffered for about 13 years goes with out saying! Lol
From my dell laptop's connectivity challenges to charger malfunctions, I'm considering spiking my coffee...ugh!!
great :) because you scared me here for a few minutes! I come from a land of no tornadoes and extreme weather!
It's your life, live it the way you want to.
twitters been lame latley
RT! ": i have something to say but just dont know how?"
Robberies, daring escapes & the invention of chewing gum! Jackson County Visitors Bureau launches a new tour: (812) 774-9208 & enter 1-28 #
Microsoft Tests Out Mandatory Supplier Sustainability Reporting
#foodhubs are becoming key aggregation point for traditional distributors (so cool for producers!)
dont want the world to see me / cause I dont think that they'd understand / when everythings made to be broken / obama please dont bomb iran
WordCamp? There is one in Milwaukee too.
Need 10 to go and follow and for me! If you do, you get a shoutout to over 10k followers! #Retweet !
RT : Don't forget that the first payment of estimated taxes is due on April 17th.
I'M BACK BITCHEZZZZZZ
I wish it was 80 degrees all the time.
he could even go to cafe du monde and bring back a snack for the team and they wouldn't need to worry!
my memory did not fell me. Wanted Kyle to hit that
Welcoming Genealogist of all levels of experience to visit our site with free member ship. Http://www.myfreegenealogy.com
#WhatsObamaHiding his head up his arse
Cotto not cotton..
When your parents make you feel like a third wheel.. I'm talking to you and you just start up another convo with the other parent..
Land Rover Discovery 4 / LR4 Review (with Off Road) [HD ...
have arisen from the dead #backtothegrind after a week of the plague..going to be a busy one!
you're welcome =) <3
omg! Yes we were hungry! If u r ever in Atl, u should go thr. They hv a great menu n the prices r good.
it's like '09 in your basement and i'm in love with Nevy.
Ohh you know.. Just a little
BUT FOE' REALS FOLLOW ❤
Sorry to know you missed the event. Hope to see you at the restaurant soon :)
I hope that's never anything a She in my life says LOL
I will not be officially releasing it until end of May >> ": How do I get a copy of your new song #RunItLikeABoss ? :)”
seeing teachers in stores at 5am= awk
If only more people thought such a thing, I could consider getting off my prozac script.
I have!
Got a Charity? Let me know how I can help!
muahahaha you can't! (n)
That's how I feel! It's great to be happy when you're chunky!! Love your show masters!
I loved your reaction when you got flashed. It was priceless, A++
Found the perfect medium sized cupcake liner and a pan for them!!
I did it AGAIN. OMG MAKE IT STOP.
Listen here real girls putting a wig on your head with some real hair sticking out looks FAKE! Get that shit together
Enjoy a fantastic day!
could use some star power here, too: cut through $walker$ noise & #GOTV (ESP. #milwaukee)
i got this thing to write for but it's not coming easily. good thing i have 3 weeks.
heading out soon. Will be at Augusta this afternoon. Excited!
me and deniza are cuter!! And thanks for making my phone go off
Whaddup my man. We should create some music together really soon.
I swear, waiting to hear back about being booked for a show or not is the most stressful experience in life.
Some ppl on twitter are annoying
are in double OT!! Who's cheering for who now? My favorite is "exhaustion"
Mention this tweet and receive a complimentary calamari appetizer on us.
Need to get the paper. Thank you!RT : There's and in the newspaper this morning.
well thanks doll:) so is your face. <3
mom well when do u wanna drink some Crown royal 😜
thank you so much!! i'm so glad you enjoy them! organic sneak peek photos to come! :)
I'm in expo in back. Off center aisle at the end of row 1100 white coat.
Wow, thanks that was fantastic! Now, I have work to do!!
thanks for the #FF!
my favorite perfume is wonderstruck and paris amour
Happy 60th anniversary ! Thanks for being such an instrumental part of !
This is a brand new and exclusive FREE product and it's not available anywhere else! All you need to do right now to claim your FREE...
Excited to get my first tattoo.
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.” ~ Deepak Chopra
well to finish off tht last tweet of mine im not gonna let haterz other me cuz i know when they tlk about me they be hatin on my swag
Google "Up Emergency Powers Act 1933" if u like Jesse Jackson jr
I missed having a phone and the internets
Still amazed that the Seattle Public Library system has an iPhone app. I like living in the future. Thanks !
Fact: TYPEWRITER is the longest English word that can be made using only the letters on the top row of a computer keyboard.
Wondering if Yankess fans miss Joe Torre...
let me know :p
I'd spitball you but I can't find you.
Is that lady coming or going??
The gym is the only thing i have to look forward to anymore.
Fair point, but I don't think an honest desire to explore why certain art bothers you necessarily makes anyone a snob.
You bet. Now how do you land this crazy thing?
Please join him as well.
I kept laughing at that! The horns did not make him look scary at all!!!
SERIOUSLY FINNALLLY OUT OF WORK omg seemed like the longest time of my life.....
Shopping early tonight (prob Mozart's) at 6. Break for dinner at some point but trying to work till 12ish
Try not to rush into things
Today a gang of clowns are protesting NATO in Chicago armed with 1000 whipped cream pies.
sweet. I am trying to patent a combo tampon/maxi. I am perfecting the anchor shape as speak.
@ new BCBSM Jefferson collaboration center, Xbox kinect, tvs, darts, work out machines, so awesome.
Do you start drinking red wines when the weather turns cooler or are you a 12-month-a-year red lover?
Also, to our DJs - no general meeting today, but there will be one next week!
don't tweet too much zayn.....
Man.... I den hit some shit on the keybored now the screen all small.. smh
"we could be a farmer in these clothes."
Jesus why you such a bitch!?!?! I mean really?! Are you on your period?
Why the fuck am i still st work. i been in this bitch since 930am
Be ready...May 19 is Food Revolution Day..and Piccolo Chef is organizing a special event for all you kids out there. Stay tuned !!!...
Use our search function, it took our engineers a long time to build. Has metadata mapped correctly. #sparc_binfield :)
"we made this one in my garage" damn straight #foo fighters win best rock record!
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I’ll always be in your heart. If you hate me, I’ll always be in your mind.
Well isn't that lovely dont think that stain will be coming out anytime soon(;
My sister sent a video to my mom..awkward
yes. Just don't watch at 9 during your favorite news :-)
you're street fruit.
Definitely! They're all we watch in our house, in addition to some Hulu.
I AM OFFICALLY CLASSIFYING TODAY AS FUNNY FRIDAY...I want to hear your funny stuff!
Shower and a beer = attitude adjustment.
See you at the workshop tonight!
Thanks for following me Kate....welcome to twitterville!!!
RT : "Jazz is not just music. It's the definition of the Afro-American black."- #NinaSimone I love Nina.
Thats kool.. I don't take FCAT until Wednesday bcuz everybody testing on different days
": How do you move a 3-million-pound building across New Orleans?//Ask Katrina.
All aboard. Heading to London for 's Social Commerce Summit w00t! 1st time back since moved away 1 year ago
Lisa Mitchell - Neapolitan Dream, oh yeah.
sleep… sleep sounds good
Thanks for the laugh. And it does.
Ha Ha… very true!
Any "exotic" people out there?
Quote of the day: "Love or Hate, You gotta respect them."
Crafting dark and angry these days. Many zombies.
Watching Martin
Love when Dallas loses! I wonder if that kicker has a job tomorrow??
Yeah,the Beach House is pretty good.I got the vinyl which came with a download card(nice touch)).I hate LP's w/o download.
ErWhere iGo,iGet "Hi's Nice TO Meet You".
I need to figure out what outfits I am wearing for my Senior Photos tomorrow!!
Pacers came to play. LETSGO!!!!!!
Home at last!
oh I know you are lol but things happen when you least expect it 😉 let me know how it goes! 😁
Have to start packing up my dorm, moving out on Thursday 😳
lib&archive group #aicwi -> is MLS nec? (depends) and what about training? (Mellon rep attanded to listen & museum cons progs with interest)
Amazing first day of production! Great footage of local sustainable Refugee farm and Culinary arts school.
cool. well done. I love the hashtag.
The are too cool to play inside the Grammys. It's so true.
Will there be a TriBeCa store anytime soon? Needed!
Oh my gosh Alex, he did AMAZING,he mentioned that you guys could be there so that means he was still thinking of you guys(:
Kerry Wood is a hot mess. Way to screw up Dempster's nice game. Kind of like Valverde did to Verlander.
hm? RT If a meteorologist tweets before 5 AM, does anyone read it?
you've got to be kidding. are there any fallen trees laying about that you could stretch across water?
I miss DobbyNami :(
Thomas LJ rules in RBS v. Highland Fin. Partners case concerning issues of construction of agreements in proposed CDO: [2010] EWCA Civ 809.
awesome masters finish. Best ive seen in years. Congrats
2,100 tweets now ....so there's that
I loved it :) its amazing!
RT : At CedarCreek Church in Perrysburg, OH for FCA Event. Please come out and say hello.
well i hope its not his baby
#Undeniable is some real shit
Pretty much anytime should be fine except Sunday night.
ahaha well then thanks (:
I thought I tweet a lot, but when I see people with thousands of tweet!! I am no where close...
Used doctor as reinforcer every 10 artic reps w preschooler today. Loving apps in tx this week!
Im not impressed by your status or your flashly boots. keep movin ..
oh, i am ready! strong hearts, we are coming to visit!
oh shit son! Ima kick yo ass! LmmfaO! HIT ME WIT THE DARE SHIRT AN FLAT TOP YOU AINT SHIT LOLOLOLOL FUCK YOU! LOVE YA!
Great turn out at the Austin PHP Meetup this past weekend! Thanks to everyone who showed up.
she had me dead when she was like why is your voice like that pinhead
HBD !God bless you
: "We live in a world where slime is disguised as sophistication." Hit the nail on the head.
When you lock your keys im your car
Using the 'high-tech' way - software. More portable than the bulletin board. But, I'm still not giving up my board!
Please pardon my timeline for the next hour. I am joining monthly chat. Join us to learn more.
Omg I need a mini lap giraffe so bad!!!! He
im bout to play my game .
Speedy recovery!
don't forget I have those 2 boxes we talked about
RT : Do you know of any great resources for adults with autism? I would like to add them to my next book. Thank You!
Oh thats cool! Did you hear that josh has stopped and left the stage.
what video
HAHAHAHAHAH thanks for the trophy i can't believe you gave me one for that :)
My grandma is missing. Anyone seen a black saab with an old angry hag in the drivers seat?
Michael Savage is insane, Mazdas are awesome, and sometimes Rally's gets it right.
Thanks have you entered the contest yet! :)
at Casino Arizona for lunch on our Anniversary then a movie. 3 years with my wonderfull wife.
Today 1832: The massacre at Bad Axe brought an end to the Black Hawk War. Black Hawk lost over 260 members, while the whites only lost 14.
vlingo is so cool
Don't think so. Can You re-send?
I hate when ppl talk about ppl and not doing good they self
Working on strategy.....WHAT's NEXT? Stay tuned...
I wish the A's would be allowed to move to San Jose. Then we wouldn't be talking about lance nix's future as a starter in Oakland.
I do that all the time Jason, even with regular words. <3
Ugh what a drag. Let me leave that workplace already and be where I wanna be
you my boy blue! If she uses a crayon to sign checks
#neverforget to tell your Momma you love her, even if it's completely random. She deserves to know sometimes!
I wonder what I'll be like as a mother? :)
Still waiting on contact info. Your is running out. I've asked you many times and I've received 3 ppls info. Don't care if you don't.
Hoops after school in the square gym today.
Did you buy a powerball ticket yet?
and overboard with Miley! I like it with Miley and Jessica.
just got the funniest teacher from a teacher saying my midterm grade isn't uplifting & i should think of ways to make it in my favor
I hope you were talking about the gross marshmallow chicks.\
It a shame to see a boys club team up 4 tds run a trick play to score .....smh!
I have that bookedmarked! but I don't give shit to
i hate you ucla institutional review board. you ruined my weekend and probably my chances of graduating on time. fuck you all the way.
Wait, Butler lost to Indiana? I guess their season's over.
i am now fuck off
RT - #dardardy s #cornbarrel ing bears never fail to get teabagged, but the #patriots are quite the opposite. new england di...
evidently North Carolina...;-)
miss you more <3
Enjoy!! I wish it were 60 degrees in NYC :)
When is the last time we had a Final Four OT?
going to reinvest my $7 mega winnings into a $2 quinella box at the track tomorrow. happy retirement here i come.
Kill me now.
is smiling at her haters! They just confirm how blessed she is!!! She and God are just tickled and entertained!
Big black nigga all that huffing & puffing
Today, was a good day.
when i can send texts but i can't receive them <<
#threewordstoliveby I. love. literature.
Hey road Cauldron, keep rocking it, we can hear you on the broadcast as loud as their supporters. (I dont expect the same in Portland) :)
that's unfortunate, but idk how to fix beds, so i can't help you .. sorry
how goes you? :) love the new pic. Is that your next album cover? ;)
I'm going to bedd! Happy Holidays :)! GoodNight <3!
45-55% of respondents read through the program book to re-engage with a performance after they went home!
hey. :) Just wanted to say Hi. And thanks for following me on Instagram.
KENTUCKY FINNA WHEN THIS SHIT BEFORE THE SECOND HALF
Anyone? RT : I've always wondered if there's a place where 'American' is considered a sexy foreign accent
stats are for losers “: Cam Newton is first QB in history.... ..... 6th QB to have back-to-back 400 yd games period.”...
I know u readingg this
Brilliant and right on target!
Tonight's #debate anybody wondering why and how #Romney's clip on health care didn't play. I suspect control room drama.
I Knew Mayweather Would Win.
Made it to Cambodia, got my first nights real sleep. Off to the orpahage tomorrow, visiting the Jesus Village in PP today! :)
With confusion on rally, will people like me bring the kids during dinnertime for a maybe? Doubtful, sadly.
Hello Missouri
Yay!!! Glad that you liked it!!
I should hope they are positive! I mean setting the bar and setting it high, thus stu rise to challenge
yes ma'am I love it!! Thank you!
A pair of red cat's eye clear glasses, Kate Spade NY canvas bag, Anthropologie planner, Hello Kitty pen. And etc!
Heard about the #WRECK in Wal-Marts parking lot last night in E-ton? Would love to know details, and if the girl is ok!
CANNOT WAIT FOR TEEN HOOT. <3 who else is going?
ABCNews doing smart tribute to Mike Wallace. Class act all around.
Did a hamster die on Strasburg chin in the Toyota commercials?
i will always love you and you got my vote
A homeless man just asked me for money to buy a grande skinny latte. Oh America...
if you follow me&retweet this, my life would be complete <3your amazing.. and i love friday, no matter what anyone says.
Broken people hurt other's b/c they don't know who they are, or don't know what they have. Let yourself be whole so you can heal, not hurt.
2 firetrucks & an ambulance. I hate knowing that something awful is happening to someone out there, especially on Mother's Day.
OMG! And they have vegan doughnuts!
yum RT RT : SD Restaurant Week website: New arkSD menus uploaded every min www.SanDiegoRestaurantWeek.com
follow us?
Tired dis morning at school for work
aw! Wait that's the same as the "that's cute"reaction?
changing the mistakes on the paper sheet music that music notes sent me. Song is staying the same. :)
Missed most of it too! :(
It's MONDAY.
Some of us don't live near casinos, so we have to play online. Government, do you not understand this?
A little cracked ;) RT : It's Nat'l Egg Month. Here's to these good eggs:
Top 5 celebrity confidence tricks
Love this Grey's ep. showing an example to externalize and express disconnected feelings through play, and in this case, playing with tools!
Monday motivation: Inner beauty starts with being balanced, and journaling can put things into perspective. I’d like to share with you...
If I could, I would dare, Feed your dreams, And starve your fears
Big things coming soon, new music!
Is there a better conference tournament then the Big East? Great exposure for sponsors too!
I want to
I knew you would like that
I miss you so much!
child bye
I'd start a zombie magazine with all the other walker folks. I'd also like to have a huge Adamic beard and a buzz cut and tattoos on my head
So & I finally decided to drink the kool-aid... we started watching So Good! Can hardly contain my enthusiasm!
Hey you want to follow a 1D AND Brat account?! go follow
See ya in the NFL RG3
Only $22 for a refreshing Brazilian Bikini Wax ($45 value)! Last day
I has to delete we should be able to block those stupid sex things
Before you take the throne, check for a giant cardboard box propped up with a stick.
any thoughts on "commodity" as a keyword? i'm using keywords in my popular culture class and "commodity" would be great....
I knew when we collided, you’re the one I have decided, Who’s one of my kind.
:) RT : Who has two thumbs and loves ice cream? Everybody with two thumbs.
Color me jealous! I wantz one! Next project...nerdy fashion line: Thirsty Smithsonite Couture?
I feared that this was bound to happen Sugarland almost died 2 who should they sue The State of Indiana? whynot
that's... depressing.
y not my mother of my CHID I dislike that baby mama wrd
you misunderstand. I'm asking about the possibility that what the cops were using was pressurized Taco Bell flatulence.
im bored
It's happening again.. But oh well
running errands be there shortly
the guitar pick brand name is, Dava. By the way
I look at the human race & think, who the fuck should be lonely, & you look lonely so why the fuck not? Ahahaha.
New music videos for your viewing pleasure. 1. Tyga feat. Drake-"Still Got It" Tyga strolls down memory lane in the stre
ADDY Awards tonight...plus giving scholarships to 5 deserving students...and something from our young advertising professionals
How do travel dollars support America? Let us COUNT the ways...
I was joking around with the tweeting maegan thing?? And now I'm uptight.
IM DONE WIT THA BULLSHIT ITS A INSIDE THING BUT I KNOW YALL FEEL ME.
same here
M...cookies
You can follow the brilliant and beautiful (not to mention 2 time Emmy award winning) face of CARRIE HAMMER at -she's the best
Uh oh! goes IN! S/O We are BoneBreaker Studios (resistance is futile), and we support this artist s/o
Maybe Starbucks could just sponsor a holiday for you in a vat of delicious iced coffee?
can we have a season like last nights game !
cbox misses you, u big oaf fag.
-- Looking forward to June 2nd!
No longer positive, neutral, negative analysts is enough. Need more granular tonality: irritated, angry, furious, etc
If we wander aimlessly, without thought as to our purpose, is it no wonder that so many are feeling lost?
Boom. Five miles run! First time I've run that far at once since mid-March! I have been such a slacker lately.
You can find out your personal risk for #diabetes for free. Learn more by texting HEALTH to 300400.
So say goodbye, so close your eyes. Say goodbye, and close your eyes, tonight.
I'm not scared of them. ;-)
I'm a fanfiction addict. So if you need a fanficiton recommendation for Bamon, Everlark, Zutara, and ect, i'm a good person to go to xD
Highlight of the #oscars ... playing FMK with for each group of winners.
Austin Mahone may just be a name to you... But to me it means the world. <3
10 Epic YouTube Videos That Will Get You Pumped for Skyrim
Most epic Mascot dunk ever! Awesome
Trim or shave?
I LOVE NICK YOUNG
I can't do anything without my hair being a mess
why would you need it? I thought the teller takes responsibility for verification of the check. A receipt in that case is enough
crying bc jonas brothers are perfect
ok, cool. You're lucky you got it early :-)
ACTORS, ACTORS, ACTORS!!!!
Feeding frenzy. He doesn't want to be the last guy to jump onto the train.
We agree!!
you're welcome for getting you 1/2 months off at Gold's Gym. I ended up paying more than you, of course.
If Al Davis walks on the field I have zero problem jump kicking him in the chest.
I have a Sessions Only Pass for sale to #ASC12. DM me if interested.
First terrible film of #SXSW: "Silver Bullets" My high school film class made more interesting movies.
Wow these #kids have a lot of energy to burn off today!!!
Anyone know of a speak easy near #cildc?
Just watched Rhyme & Reason dope ass documentary. Lots of history. Makes you wonder when did Hip-Hop stop being honest.
Debra lee look like a queen roach with that dress on . Who dressed her ? Fire them quick . Cuz thats a mess on her . Lol !
Spongebob:MrKrabs that really isn't a krabby patty with nails,nose hairs&cheese MrKrabs:Oh okay *eats* Wtf!? Spongebob:We ran out of cheese
Oy! How'd THAT work for you??? RT : Flavored my first cup of coffee with Cumin, not Cinnamon. It's going to be a long day
Glad you liked it...one of my most high traffic blog posts ever for sure
Woke up to 70 followers ( in 2 days) #blessed Thanks for ur support!
can't wait for your show in Dallas tonight! We'll be there with bells on, so to speak :)
Thanks for the follow Kevin!
Hm. When you don't know if an indirect tweets about you <<
