I hate being awake when the time changes. It's very disorienting.
I finally got a nap in even though I swear I was spinning in my dreams...
might not be able to play. Golf fund burned up by oven
#fallforum AASL Maniotes: knowledge that transfers, principles apply to many situations, use of flexible strategies, conceptual understand
we offer $15 tickets to students with valid IDs two hours prior to each performance. Approx ticket costs are between $68-25
What a great photo...and tonight should be even better!
Thanks Job! If you see me hobbling around, its just my sore muscles.
weeks ago, man. She stays the night and he makes her breakfast and everything.
Twitter world we are at the last day of February, lets push each other even harder to make this year even better. March on!
The Chicago Public Library is Not What You Think. Let 'em show you how:
Enjoy Boston as we will enjoy our city...maybe toning down the sensitivity might do you and your stress levels some good
say a little prayer to St. Anthony! My mom did it the night I moved & my kitty ran away.
Happy Derby Day to everyone!
Beautiful! Thanks :D
Be careful eating that thing!
TikiDolls, where are my fashion girls? Bring your fashion fairytale to life!! Send in your sketches and work personally with me!
It's the day we've been waiting for!
The Argentinean film, "Medianeras", reminds me of all the aestheticism and realism of Buenos Aires. It is a perfect film that captivates!
now MLA becomes..( MONEY. LOOTING. AVATAR )
Only Anderson Cooper can save me now.
Hi : Found you through Trying to expose my music to the world.
Thank you! You're right. We need to work on having gluten free options at future events.
Been exactly 2 months since Game 7. Little more than 2 months til 1st spring training game. Eesh. #MLB no man's land. via
We never notice the beauty because we're to busy trying to create it.
If nobody dont sign that kid from Santos from PHILLY they f***** crazy!
Welcome to National Look Alike Day, Who do you think you look like maybe a celebrity, your neighbor or even your pet.
“: U bitches are too bored and broke to be turning down men”<<----
This day doesn't exist. Come on in, play some tunes, drink cheap and have a kickass BBQ. Then forget about it.
Alright, it's Friday. Let's make this happen, Twitterville. We got the stand if you got the keg.
It's a pleasure, Dixie!
hi 2 all
Just saw Thinking like a man...... 90 days huh!
I spend a lot of time in Eastern/Central Europe, and smoking is very widespread there, too.
The sky is not the limit for me that's Your limit !!! For me its just a view.When u c paste that you'll find P.L.U.T.O.…fue'go out
Keep your friends close. Keep your enemies closer.
That bread pudding sounds way yummy. Do you have a pic? LOL RT : In the mood for some delicious...
Neither one, I just chomp the hell out of my taco!!! :D
YES!!! Come visit please! ASAP!!!! You're always welcome to stay with us... :-)
Interesting, , the old , is playing 10,000 songs straight. That's about 4 weeks of nonstop music.
Digi-barbarians at the Gate
Watching "Midway"?
LOL Preach!! RT Scroll that shit down and hush fools. RT Why you messing up my feed with this Q and A?
no, I deserve to suffer!
hm. maybe?
Now its looking more and more like we will be launching a record label. Found a music producer!
For the past month and a half, I haven't wasted a single second with anything frivolous, and the I'm seeing progress.
I need to go #glamping take me away!
I know :( But glad we'll get to spend some time together first!
nope just the one!
when are you going to let Roku use the HBOgo feature? We pay enough each month, figure this out already
where? When?
: PRIDE = Personal Responsibility in Daily Effort. Zig Ziglar
Made it safe and sound! Thanks to everyone who prayed!!! :-D
ok i gochuu
u mean the law they didenr even read all the way???
i so love donnie,ajia,angelica that always laughing at me i need to stop being so goofy# we be so chill together;)
don't fall while running!....no wait.... Thatd be me.....
"there's 7 of us and 8 of them, so it's not gonna work out" ha love you
1 more day till my twitvid on friday hope u will all come and watch me perform my songs on cam
Oh no, now I have to watch what I say!
Talking to one of my best friends, reminiscing about 8th grade... ♥
I hear ya loud & clear, woman. Pump it up! Pump it up, when you don't really need it. Pump it up, until you can feel it.
I just missed and twitcam .... by a half hour .... NO! I hate timezones :(
If your dog could talk when you take him for a walk, he'd say , "get me OFF this hot pavement."
Why is graduation soo early?!
How many of your bees/hives have European Foul Brood? Is this common?
Any One Wanna Talk #SuperBored ;0
Discovered chicken curry baguette sandwiches yesterday. Had another one again today. Delicious.
A big happy birthday shout out to enjoy little lady
No, he stopped streaming to change batteries, etc...should be back shortly.
When your ex best friend throws a party and invites people that they barely talk to/ talk shit about, but not you. Seriously fuck you.
good game. wish the c's would have won, but i'd rather win in boston. lol. i did pick boston in five.
It's prolly a fake, haha(:
Just saw a line of Blackhawks fly overhead... I wonder if there will ever be a day a military won't exist.
And Ayala. Geez how could I forget Ayala? Never forget. Broken windows. Poor guy. Ruthless M's fans.
What does that gesture mean, Rothlisburger? "I am the devil! I will rape you!" Apparently he's embracing his new image.
No problem homie. Follow back.
I would do anything for this headache to go away!!!!
Loving my #nyrangers!!!!! Let's go Rangers!!!!
farm is a no but we WILL break them into groups, video + walkthrough maybe. I'm charging $$. Adventures of an educator!
Will she love you like I loved you? Will she tell you every day?
wish I could RT that!!
Believe or not but Galveston and Blinn are still tied at 1 as we now begin play in the 12th inning
I haven't forgotten you. And yes, I got both emails. We need to talk about your formatting ;)
If u'r up & bored add me on FB if ur not my friend yet: www.facebook.com/DCKitty
casts a level 6 spell of Radio Freedonia tonight at 11 PM on wtju.net
I may not be the greatest politician, but I know a bit about people, policies, and priorities.
How the heck do you login to your Pier 1 Platinum account?!? All the links say "Find a Store"
Enjoying this beautiful warm weather in #NM-- but it also means fire season is starting. Follow for safety tips.
when you turn on the television, we actually watch you..
I need a shower now. felt dirty just being there.
My #Ravens play next week.. Ready Texans?
I get high off ambition
RT : At #AmericanU, visitors center redesign was integrated with launch of #wonk campaign. Not a separate project.
Fail! aka #WISN12 web guy won't give me current vote totals for our DWTS morning show challenge
Well.....in 21 yrs...homicide has entered my thoughts....just sayin.....
#mobwives is the real deal!
DMX pandora while doing some work in the lab
Now Thats Paper
Attn: “: Freddie Couples in first at the Masters after shooting a smooth 67”
loving you is like a battle, and we both end up with scars.
Insight!! RT "I don't know what they're going to use Hightower as in NE, but Belichick will have a plan for him," -Jon Gruden
Imma have the most 💉 by the end of the year...
Got Wine?
Just bc i retweet yo shyt dont mean i wanna hve a full blown conversation wit yu just liked what u had to say
eat lots of amazing food antioquian food and smuggle back nothing except coffee.
Github posted the development of their about page and I wonder can you link changes and socs - Java class change + requirements explaination
My mom just found my acceptance letter to Michigan state 😊☺💚🍺🍺💚! .... then shredded it 😳
s/o to follow & gain
Wang Chung is only for night RT I'm gonna Wang Chung THIS AFTERNOON
hey! I'm not sure who to contact about another phd session I will ask around!
I'm trying to lose weight. Sorry its not fast enough for you. I'm sorry.
And since I'm in Sellwood, had to get my fave iced cubano latte from Highly recommend it. Off to zoo for Packy's 50th B-day!
nice enjoy it.
Please welcome to the Twitterverse Red Hen's Publisher, Expect lots tweets about quantum mechanics.
My mom had the best that's what she said today: I took it in the back & then I pulled it out.
Waiting for the inevitable pic of the EDC Hollywood Riot Kissing Couple...any second...come on ravers...
I just installed the new UberSocial for Android
Keep up the great work!
Trouble with girls is nobody loves trouble as much as me #np Scotty McCreery <3
In ur own opinion… How much more pain can ur heart take before it breaks in2 pieces? I've been hurt a lot… But im gunna be strong n hold on
hes in the lineup
no confusion ;).
We just got over a pretty terrible cold. My two little guys sounded terrible. No fun!
ok I see you have jokes......
lets hope<21
corner store?
Thanks for the #ff ! Enjoy your weekend!
lmao I'm watching the same damn thang she must really wanted some juice that day 😂😂😂
Hooray!! I'll provide the OJ!
You rdy for det and gb on thanksgiving? :D
catdog, rugrats, angry beavers, hey arnold >>>>
has a sexy avi!!
For daily history tweets from the Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History, check out
That's surprising for you, given how cutting-edge you generally are! Welcome aboard!
aw man I'm so sorry. I know there is something bigger/better waiting for you. Hang in there xx
wish I could. What's in the Chi though...
yoga or cupcakes, yoga or cupcakes?? RT $2.00 Tuesday in Oakland & Lawrenceville!
Yes, the strong gets more. While the week ones fade..empty pockets don't ever make the grade ...bless the child that's got his own
yes, in virtualization presentation.
Sexual abuse in detention is a national epidemic that affects us all. We must commit to stopping this crisis.
Who's your Mens's pick for the NCAA brackets?
agreed, but at what point do you pull a start after falling into a 5 run deficit?
this is the problem with many good edu ideas. They aren't all that workable in some real world situations. Good to try, though.
RT #Brooklyn, you busy tonight? Open #Wine & Cheese Party 7-10pm in #Gowanus (8 St &2 Ave). Hit us for address #wine&cheese
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
MSNBC's casting and HR departments are the best in the game. Feel you, and today's guest !
so tell me about this movie that your in? When do we see it
he is the vaginal masta!
Alabama st is getting stomped they should be ashamed.
Thanks very much!
I don't need to know the story on Chris Brown and Rhiana fight , Her face told it all
His butthole won't be able to discriminate any race or plunger
#MomentWhen You Feel like Karma is Taking forever and you do her work =P
Dad passed away 15 years ago today. Can't believe it has been that long. A lot has changed since then
that's right
lets chat about a "fundraiser post" by you on the LFA DMV facebook-email me when u can
Thank you so much for the coffee & donuts this am!
thanks!! It was a pretty incredible night! Next on our agendais - 800 Miamians in Israel April 22nd!
53% of all college-bound students are deficient in writing, reading or math -- and tech. ability. How can we educate these students?
Passion, purpose and faith are an amazing combination.
1000+ at pine & bway according to live stream (& looks plausible)
where & when is a good time 4 u?
Half off wine bottle night !
I believe you can get it 's shop in the Grand Avenue Mall. Is that right Frank?
im sorry but I have NO fucks to give .
haha I know! I am finally catching up with the rest of the world! Next maybe I will learn how to download music?
I love SuJu. But SHINee will always be my number one group.
Danny's raking in the dough today!
Time to take bets. Do you think or will turn their presentation in last?
Boston Fashion Week Celebration Party at BLU downtown Boston
I saw your tweet.....Assumed you had dropped a few years and undergone drastic reconstructive surgery....Too funny.
Don't let your past dictate who you are, but let it be a part of who you will become
#100thingsilove The people in my life
I think there having a reggae fest in Boston I so wanna go....I have to go!!!
Oh my God you guys Madagascar 3
#sxsw here I come!!!! Can't wait!
Don't forget your umbrella! RT : A rainy day today... High 60 deg this afternoon under cloudy/gray skies Should clear up tonight.
Got tickets to the midnight show of hunger games!!!!!! EEP!
dang!, as I like to say. where is your next futurist guest post?
AWWW SHE LOOK SOO HAPPY!OK.OK...ITS JUST REALLY NICE TO SEE GOOD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD PEOPLE!
Am I seriously crying durning an episode of bones?
Woah I just went on my first ranting spree... O.o And it felt so good!! Lol
Cast Has To Stay On For Another Week "/
it's sunny in buffalo love ☀
Smug: being the youngest mom in my 12th grader's class. Not-so-smug: being the oldest mom in my kindergartner's class.
New blog post: Who Gets the BCS At-Large Bids #ncaa, #football,
Thx for all the phishing msgs! No, I did not go on a diet and even if I did, I wldn't tweet about it! Sorry about all the spam!
not off the top of my head (copyright is not my thing). If you like I can post to Oregon Women Lawyers. DM me with your email
I asks Hannah (age 3) what her last name is and said: Banana
If you like Never Shout Never, The Ready Set, Stephen Jerzak, or Mayday Parade. I promise you'll love City Scene haha :)
thought that might have been u.
Layin down the Lawson!!
my life is sad
24 year-old right-hander... He was a starter at Triple-A, but will be a long reliever in Yankees bullpen.
i dont think so , and come upstairs u gotta help me
Goin to get my haircut
RT Yo Yo YO! I just KNOW he's gonna pull a Wolf and pitch a GEM today! Hope the Cards enjoy the show!! Go #Brewers!!!!
was selected 4 artist residency doing sound collage production focused on Adam Clayton Powell Jr. & Harlem resident Esther James.
Sounds bad to me.
Hosting book group at my house tonight, doing The Happiness Advantage which....I haven't exactly finished reading yet but, meh.
Setting up the office/practice space to track some demos. Been wanting to do this again for a long time.
- oh goodness, we you were the Law I would get a lot of alcohol and hide (in your office), lol
"I'm gonna close my eyes and rest my head on my desk - but that doesn't mean I'm not super enthusiastic about what you're saying"
In one week I will be decking myself out in neon and pregaming with for at ! AH so pumped!
AP style assignment due tomorrow 10/05. Media release assignment due 10/12.
Going to go antiquing today. Oh yeah, and the doctor.
Wow, #Timeline and #Opengraph look really awesome. I just wish I didn't have to use them with #facebook. I still want to own my data.
Love it. said "hotter than biscuits" for the first time this year. And it's only May. 6:30pm
It's currently dumping snow here in Milwaukee.
but it's #GreenLantern, he who had one of the worst comic book films in the past decade. (I mean Ang Lee is better)
CONTEST: The first person to guess what we had for lunch wins a bag of Doritos! (Must be 21 or older to enter.)
I get really excited when I see D.C. bylines elsewhere, I don't know why
Nice day today.
Love seeing people randomly!!! Lol it's like I haven't seen this guy since middle school and he still looks the same!
I hope I can say that soon! My phone and both cameras are on drugs -_-
Try our San Su twist on summer BBQ!
Steam Punk is here to stay.
Bensinger: bankruptcy court is a great place to look when covering issues of the economic underclass.
I did community theater in Houston and Conroe:)
Hiking in a dress. At least I wore socks and sneakers too.
RT : Playing tunes with Prince Language tonight at Soho Grand. Summer time tunes! / endorse.
“: have a toast with some good wine or some good rum!” Amen, brotha! Great quality time with Pops!
No not Blake
Think I don't care if you want, I'll still do what I need to. Sorry.
Nite! I hope I sleep way better than I did last night!
Just saw 's giant head on a billboard. Wow. Too bad you can't spray paint a mustache on a digital sign.
if only Michael Jordan Was the Michael Jordan of Executives
You are a crazy person.
I think I'd agree - decided a new laptop would be better, esp. if heading to grad school
Live in Santa Fe, work at Los Alamos :) from New Zealand originally
we are gunna upset the Bulls bet it up!! Haha
We think they are great too! Answer the trivia question on our facebook page and you're entered to win the shirt!
Yikes, hope you are kidding! Have fun! RT Bulls game tonight. Going to get all sorts of drunk and murder Tyler Hansborough.
Yo - when are you coming back?
Welcome to the swamp!
I crave a pop about twice a year. Today is one of those days... I'm treating myself to a Dr. Pepper:)
I was at Nick's Fish house today...family business lunch coming soon!
I love protein shakes. They support my stance cooking control.
huge thank you to all who came out to celebrate w/ us on Saturday night #bang25! +2 our glorious presenters/hosts , we <3 you.
Couldn't have said it better #WeSeeYou RT : Some people should really mind their own business
what u want to eat
Good luck with your meetings, girl (maybe play the slots if you have time) xoxo
I make you feel amazing... And I don't get the same.... I hate it
Wish I was near a TV right now so I could watch #106&Park Whitney tribute
what about Cleveland in August
think so
Believe tweeting! I have faith!
Hey, this is a rule in Twitter's TOS. Look it up.
Its like 300 degrees and I'm going to be late for el trabajo
everybody's working for the weekend...hope everyone has a great one:)
This nigga burned people and he laughing his ass off and recording it lmao
So weird buying letters again- for the baby bro!
Good Morning New York!!!
i could have sworn i was a Watson but it says i'm Mycroft Holmes, which i guess is because i weigh 450 lbs. but i guess we're bros.
Thanks so much but I just got one from someone else. Much appreciated!
Congratulations ! #prelingerlibrary rec'd her magisterial Roads to Power, political history of roadbuilding w/digital implications
ESPN 1420 online!
Your back! And I <3 that you yodeled :)
RT: so many patron requests --- this is good right?
your #leftovers sound yummy too!
Hello Monday - Any interesting auctions going on this week?
what about NBA??
think you may be 100% correct on Mavs new look next year. Although, I am a fan of D-West
Time to lay it down and relax wit my wife had a gud day
Asians talk funny
Parades need finales where they go one last lap 60 times the speed. Bands in a full sprint, cars going 80
And that's why you always leave a note!
Time to cut off some loose ends and get rid of people in my life that don't need to be in it whether it be friends or family...
EVERYBODY KNOW ME HOE........
my whole timeline consists of when peoples birthdays are.. haha
Still have 100% confidence in David Robertson. Could not ask for anyone better to take over for Mo
- omg I'm sweating a lot... Does that happen when you eat too much butter??? Does it just come out of you? Me- umm???
Should I tell this guy his shirts on backwards....
If you aren't sitting by a pool today, you need to be
Halo! Gud evening!
Will it be ready by 10AM CST Monday? :-D
AMEN! Im so tired of her! you did an amazing job!
Listening to Matthias Goerne sing Schubert when you're crazy hormonal and crying at the drop of the hat is probably not advisable.
Listening to & the Allman Brothers Band sets from as background music for my studying.
Oh yeah.... just got home. Check out your website - really nice layout! Did you do it yourself?
Have a safe trip Get a pic with JLO when you in Los Angeles
I kno my tweets hit home for somf..but fuck it
#Winter is coming! On average, Washington, DC gets 16.6 inches of snow per year. In the winter of 2010, we got over 55 inches!
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #followMONDAY 1
Police announce #occupyLA has ten minutes to disperse
Thinking of renaming my presentation Kindle iPad Smackdown
RT Well.. Rise and Shine. Thanks to the Lord for extending my time!
What's goin on tonight?
Where'd you go?
Bad day for arsenal and for france. Sagnaaaa
its a good way to live. otherwise i feel mundane. and i hate things that are mundane. Carpe Diem!
the road was a lot less forgiving today than the treadmill but I made it. You better get ready.
Two quarterfinal games in the books. Twenty-five goals scored by the winners.
Drake concert is in a month exactly :) my bday present to myself is gonna be so much fun
A great Grizz game last night!!! It was good seeing my old friend Gary. I see some cold beer in the near future.
Finally arrived in Vancouver. And am ready for luggage to arrive as well!
Alex Smith over #Peyton?! Peyton at 75% gives you a better chance of winning than miracle-season Smith.
quit crying
RT : REMINDER: Tomorrow is FREE COMIC BOOK DAY! Come by bright 'n' early. I'll have some Thin Mints for folks (while supplies last.)
Feeling kind of down but I have my bff to cheer up.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
Thanks for checking in on Foursquare!
goodnight n be careful out there.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Hyssop - A slightly bitter, minty herb with aromatic, dark green leaves.
I hate when teenagers pick on little kids. Like for real? Grow up, soon please?
you ever go night night nigga?
Kirwan: Sensible policies will have little impact if the rising costs of higher education are not addressed
RT : Congrats ! MT CCS members can share the FIRST all electric Mitsubishi iMiEV in California...
this white girl and that girl anija
Oh #groundlings #MerylStreep thank you for your genius and inspiration
If its anything like those volcano tacos I am in trouble
Who wants a #SHOUTOUT ? Reply "ME" Must be following ☆► ◄☆
How long have you had this account???
yes, we found DimDim didn't meet our needs for reliability and functionality and their customer service was super slow (by weeks )
No, not at all. I'm not that into reggae either. Solidarity!
can you please follow 1dog rescue on twitter! Thanks.
gonna send more pictures tomorrow!!
omg i thought you had one of the books at home ahahahahah
Congratulations on your engagement! ;-}
Did you Know that ScanMyFiles offers affordable book and photo scanning? Let us help you put all your favorite books and photos on your ipad
hows your foot?
Funny, refers to Adam as HIS boyfriend.
Nice..keep it up and never give up!!. ;)
good to know! out of loop past 10 days w fam crisis but bk to sanity now-think?!
I am so tired of these chrome Internet commercials. I get it. You're fast. Yeesh!
I just got to Australia :) so I'm unpacking all my shit
The sad thing is...I'm starting to think u don't like me as u used to..</3
Many thanks. Looking forward to MW2012!
Need to sell my Eddie Vedder tixs - below cost - message me if interested.
yeah.....it feels like *2004 Nomar* all over again....that turned out just fine.
well in wm, it's easier to find a blowjob before finding an actual job.
you'll forever be known to all our boys as big sloppy nig, or any variation of the nickname
RT : #BC with more players remaining in the playoffs by far over any team in
Tonight: The Walkmen and New Pornographers concert for Wil's bachelor party. Better than stripping women grinding jaundice into his lap.
Kind of fried after long software training this afternoon.
I still think The Resistance is Drake's best song and probably always will be
Love your product! Drinking chia seeds is fun AND delicious!
lol yeah and I haven't done anything on it yet!! #screwed but we have tomorrow to work on it too #procrastination :)
Ed Sheeran's eyes give me chills like in the close up on the small bumps video
“: Four popes have died while participating in sexual acts.”
oh snap!! ouch. i'm feeling the heat from that one all the way out here. (that was rly good actually xD)
being humble..and loyal..
Seriously , you talk about Barak enough, we're looking for a leader, we already know #Obama is
Thanks for your RTs today!
bio, chem is basically another math class. Unless you like math, in which case disregard bio and go with chem.
The best investment you can make is the investment in yourself
I just read last year 4,153,237 ppl got married. I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
#AskAlexConstancio are you and the crew coming to Austin soon?! :)
#CentralOnline! Welcome Paul
Available in 3 different flavors.. Vanilla, Mocha, and Original. Try all 3 today. lol
RT money come and go but that pride you live wit!!!
- Absolutely, would love that. :) Having some grub at the conference now.
why the celtics don't take Blatche? i think he is a great player...
Guess what? It's Friday! Enjoy your day....however I know it would be better with a cupcake!! :)
Wilderness bound with all my faves for some serious fun in
Orlando on Thursday for Relay for Life Summit. RT: ITS SUMMIT WEEK!!!
Remember: You have the right to phone home. Don’t be discouraged from contacting your loved ones.
where's CJ? First time seeing the Flyers
Every parent of Youth & HS football players should ask your child's AD what they are doing to make football safer in 2012 than 2011?
I have a friend at LAC in Ottawa who's worried too :( Hang in there! I'm at the Library of Congress, in the Law Library
i just now have been #Shutdown im #DONE with ppl tellin me what to do and what not to do im #DONE its so annoying ppl dnt understand
Sometimes things work against you when you do too many things!
meron reblogging me on tumblr, yet she say she was going to sleep? ol' lying ahh ! hahaha!
Nothing like laying out in the summer sun! Feels great
did u know the pension debackle started with the republicans in city council wanting the GOP conference. took $ from pension
Hi, I <3 U I am your fan n°1 and i am french and you are very nice,cute and biutiful i love your songs !! :)
that explains why ppl die to come here! capitalism is evil & health insurance ruins lives
I'd love to see a venn diagram of people who talk about "nano-targeting" & those who have the skills to do "nano-targeting"
Each of you as received a gift to use to serve others. Be good servants of God's various gifts of grace. ~ 1 Peter 4: 10
don't start no shit it won't be no shit!
Gliffy! I found it Google-searching!
There are still some courts open, got game?
I think there is a rule that sisterinlaws get a free pass, yanno, to test the services before offering them to the public.
I had a friend who lived like this... This friend sought to do things that others would find interesting.
If Obama wants to assist the ability to repay student loans, he needs 100% Sec 504 & ADA enforcement against licensing entities
RT : Marine & Project Coordinator is now proud Oliver resident
aaw i saw the incondicional video..but they didnt show everything
I AM NOT WATCHING ANY MORE GOD DAMN INSIDE THE DEVIL ADS!!!! ARHHH!H!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Friday!! Start the weekend off right, with a NEW look. Stop in and see us today at our NEW salon location. 614.447.2600
#ronpaul is our chance to get back on track!
Amazing day and night. 
They killed my lil homie in these streets so I say fuck all these niggas
Cool Build Diamond Engagement Ring images
COngratulations on a great win!
Winter has yet to arrive in Virginia Beach! Think it will? It's the season of rest.
Omfg they escaped the volcanic island again!
U better believe a sistah will be taking a nap as soon as she leaves here cuz I will be very grouchy for the rest of the day if I don't.
Just finished a day on set and my demo reel is split into 3 so I can put on actors access and la casting.
Hi from Fla. I do librarian-like stuff thru Twittr= share info on learning, science, health, YA books+ get author info
#MONSTERJAM is today Yes, it required caps because it's MONSTERJAM!
exit row, aisle seat…. as close to the front as possible! plz and thank you :)
i chose the former
Create a sense of urgency in your communications message.
There is no better song right now than 's #BOYFRIEND Its amazing!
The most common name in Italy is Mario Rossi.
GETTING READY TO STEP OUT.. STOPPING BR BROADWAY THEN ILL BE AT COCO IF YOU NEED ANYTHING (VIP ETC.) CALL OR TEXT 210-789-9079 !!! BE SAFE
This day 1957: Edward Bulwar Cochems Died. Former University of Wisconsin star. Credited w/developing the forward pass in football.
twister probably less intense if they would have had a gps
I didn't know Paul Wesley was on Law and order SVU.. Not used to seeing him as a normal person,lol
Gonna Eat Then Call My Booskii.....Cause I Can Do That
ok so then, if we are motivated to obey the law, should we have a similar motivation for prayer?
:) good. Oh, you look super gangster in your pic by the way (;
gosh I think we were made for each other..marry me? I'm pretty fed up with the male species
“: Will talk later- I'm off to eat Fish oil. :6” Eat good :p lol
Fingers crossed for #4 Super Saver and #7 Amer Lion
Watching at #imediasummit they just launched something called conversion buddy..sounds cool.
don't come at me, not like your gifts are very creative
Ok send a PDF to desirablemag.com/submission
Aw thanks! I'm glad your day is going Wonderful Hun! :)
been digging the foggy weather in Philly the last couple days; add a little blues and it's perfect
I should share a photo from new years...kid looks like he's a natural
BUZZ, a young adult novel set in S Texas about a boy & a girl & a beekeeper - available in English paperback and e-book & in Chinese e-book
Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!
sadly no. Got in late Tuesday night, sessions all day yesterday and today, leaving tomorrow. Sad face.
Sunday writing with Kanye. Not sure which part's weirder.
work trip?
oh ya know chilling lol how was your day?
I'm so distracted by what's on Christina Aguilera's head tonight. I wanna like her but she annoys the hell out of me on this show
oh dang your in the UK so its evening already over there! were still mid day here in LA
Ugly people who call other people ugly<<<<<<<<<<< u need to look in the mirror
don't let anyone else create who u are. god put u here for a reason, and u should always remember that u are beautiful as u :)
I won't even be home until 10:00 =( I can't wait to see you!!!
Acidic drinks and cleaners will no doubt etch marble and cleaning alone will not do anything to alleviate it.
GM to all the wonderful people making a change in this world and everyone using their energy on positive things!
I would marmot sex that but this is a family-friendly feed.
Light Skinned Niggas eat they Chicken with a Fork! Ol' Prissy asses..
thank god footballs back baseball that's boring
Yeti Mic, why did you have to fail me when I had one chance to interview a student for an Orientation video? Thank goodness for backups.
Kick back at my house. Msg for detes
Enough. I need to visit and read ' blog. Happy Easter.
Who talked big? Deangelo signed back with Carolina. They are looking at Mcgahee. And talks are heating up with Miami for Orton. They jus ...
Off to the Flagstaff Ranch for #ALADN dinner
go ahead and change the programs name to "as long as skip is on stage right, we're only talking about tebow"
Happy birthday to all you Feb 29 people go wild you only celebrate your b'day once every 4years !! :D
Good #PMA morning to you, friends!
I'm loving that Vince/Dirk two man game. We are going to see more of that.
thanks homie-friend-pal-mcbuddy to the max!
*These Bitches Calling Me Manning, Eli!*
Read the complete case study by 1SmartPuppy here!
The picture on the Glee soundtracks make me want a slushee
they only play freshmen. RT “: Why are Kentucky'a starters still in?”
- my only point was that we should remember that everyone is trying. : )
Great to know you'll call me a jerk and leave me when I'm having a bad day
tell me about it ! Haha. ;p
oh, come on Bama ... I only kid because I care
I've fallen and I can't get up. Help!
I am! Hahaa #NoShame RT So I heard is a terrible driver!:o
i dont get itt. who cares if she called you annoying, your not going to care 20 years from now. get over itt!
#swYIN workshop on "Design Thinking" from #inventedhere ! Those guys rock!
I have the best Wife, She brought home Salty Fish Fried rice for lunch (Hom Yu Gai Lap Chow Fan), one of my favorites. nom nom nom
#favmoviequote "Bitch I don't know your life!"
Thanks for your help since I'm a
So exciting! Been following you since the first news reports.
GUYS I SWEAR TO JEZZZUS, IF COMES TO MICHIGAN WHEN I AM THERE IN DECEMBER I WILL PEE.
why do niggas cheat?
I Cried When ... I cry every time misses a Austream :'(
It's FINALLY Friday!! Let's knock it outta the park & call it a day! Have a great one everybody! Happy #FF!!
RT : MOM ALWAYS SAID study hard, go to university, get a good job, earn more money and you will be happy. It's a lie!
Little miss laying the sun, got a lot on her mind, and to get off her chest, dreaming to live life out on the west
Now following
Need a change of scenery ASAP! Someone save me
Happy birthday to the girl who took 3.4 shots and passed out. #$3.91gas
3 new questions in #SportingExplore Live Play, including who will commit 1st foul of 2nd half. Lock in your answers!
The $1 Million Facebook Experiment supports a different charity each month, both national and local. Member donate $1 per month.
Too many sunny days & God must make it rain to cool it down, but it will return to beautiful weather..
Lots of tablets and cell phones recording Jesse Jackson's sermon at Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church in Eatonville.
Your Best Wifee Ever!!
What about when your with your wife & kids? You still look like Mj? I can't lie that's kinda cool!
Miss you!
Sure wish the Twitter gods would quit screwing with my punctuation. (Is there a period at the end of that sentence? I put one there.)
Here are three things you can do to recover from a crash. 1. Pres Ctrl + ALT + Delete then click on task manager and end the application...
Pointcast or it didn't happen
Just got cussed out by an angry customer because we are closing. I walked away and ignored him.
If I could be someone else for a week, I'd spend it chasing after you
webinaring also. there are three at this hour today that i wanted to do. you'd think our small field could plan better.
Thanks, Evan
Thanks Fiona. I'm pretty awesome
Make the most of what you have because you definitely have more than others.
A fascist plaza that smells perpetually of Pizza Hut? The West Bank IS America
Is there a better version than one tailored to their device resolution?
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?
that sounds fantastic right now
I look forward to that post. After posting it, I thought there are ways that it does not fit.
Scarlett,it is flippin freezin tonight here in "Joe Jaaaaah"...its some arctic freeze. Balmy nights on porch & juleps soon.
My favorite show! Summer is so much better with Psych :)
Van Persie: "He scores when he wants." Tevez: He plays when he wants." Big difference.
It's in our moment of decision that our destiny is shaped -Tony Robbins. Keep smiling. #sales #motivation #inspiration #fitness #weight loss
Mike Brown finally made a good decision.. 2 first round picks for Carson! I'll take that, Thank you very much!!!!
We speak to the men from the college pipeline to the pros, to business of football, player development to exit symposium.
missing irc with you at AoIR this year :-)
hahahaha he looks miserable
At home chilling on the couch.Enjoying lifee
Don't judge us for shooting somebody. We would have happily kicked him in the head a dozen times, but we simply couldn't get close enough.
Just paid my yearly fee to Life Line... think it is good insurance. $100. per year per person...
Ty Wigginton RT : Who holds the single-season rookie record for extra-base hits?
go on youtube and type in " . "
Already my Brother ,it looks like we might open our offices in Miami,so ill Going back and force from Houston to Miami.
Asked if he follows racing Romney said, "Not as closely as some of the most ardent fans, but I have friends who are NASCAR team owners" LOL!
#battleship and #darkshadows at the drive-in this weekend, who wants to go?
Many many people want to master social media, but don't know how to use it to get t their desired results. Please share your best tips?
im still upset after hearing that the Thrashers are leaving Atlanta...but if they are going anywhere im glad that its Canada
They did have Dave Rayner in for a tryout, too.
LOVE LOVE LOVE !
Reading "Wicked", and Galinda's college has quatrefoil windows :)
They say music can make you and Aulture you can it load a gun and cock it to?? I didn't think so ...
-we cheered when we scored a point- Girl on the other team; Clam Down! ,Me; You calm down . You did the same thing bro.
Happy Mothers' Day everyone! How are you celebrating your mom today?
what kind do you want?!
Haven't been, but would involve music, casinos, incredible restaurants and concerts galore!
Also, no iphone support in your app for Milwaukee. Thought you went live today?
HAha im listening to you right now <3 haha Follow me I need more followers
Our friends out west are calling for applications for their Emerging Voices Fellowship. Why wait, act now! ...Run, don't walk! Take the...
Ahh, I hibernated this winter :) But I'm awake now!
people don't want you to give them money they want you to give them a way to earn ther money
Sign up for the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com
You moving back to Los Angeles? Whole county is one big hood!
Why is OK to go after the 1st lady, but not Ann Romney??? Its fair game. Deal with it righties.
Release the power that resides within you and witness the power of God...That's living the good life!
If the House-passed cut, cap and balance plan is bad, why don't Senate Dems allow a vote, go on record against a balanced budget amendment?
New phone is totally fucking awesome!!!
Yeah, might not be a red head anymore!
I love your "Blackbird" even more than I love your "God Bless the Child!"
this is Twitter not English class, gotta get under the max characters....
What’s Oodle, my Noodle? What’s Toaster, my Strudel? What’s drawing, my doodle? What’s that puppy, a poodle?
Comments like this only perpetuate racism itself. I'm sorry that you feel this way. Sammy was and is a true professional.
wait you mean to tell me that nobody wants to go to Amherst Mass for spring break?
Kisses to all my fans and haters, you are my biggest inspiration.
she's a cutie pie!
or text msg alert text fastmoving to 96362
you have a twitter account?!! Lol
my work phone has been ringing off the hook today! -___-
is that the HOOD BURGER?! bet you ain't eat it all in one sitting
Do you use Raw Elements Sunscreen? We want to hear from you! Pls post pict on our FB page!
Thanks for the follow.
You should call it, "and this is why i am not married yet"
To be successful u have to be willing to do things others wont do. Thats what seperates good from great, doing the little things 10% better
there's a meet here in PA in September I'm considering entering, if my wife will approve LMAO
In route for the new #1 Saturday night party!! #KlusozsSaturdays ALL LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT! 281 @ Redland Rd. Join me. Dress nice. Leegoooo!
We have a winner!! RT NBC Favorites, Canadians and Floridians, Flyovers and Teams that Air Too Late to Watch
I really should study before the night of the test for French. Cramming doesn't work great for foreign languages.
How u been my gorgeous stranger friend x
i miss ya boo
Carroll: OA is about responding to an opportunity, rather than responding to a threat.
Off tomorrow.
Just recorded a voice over at a studio that reocorded in. I think I deserve a drink.
It's kind of sad that it takes a girl committing suicide to get people's attention about the problems of bullying.
Spending time with the Chief Whip of the ANC.
watching koreans karaoke.
Turns out it was just practicing with is Flacco dummy!!!!
Brewster Kahle: 10 million scanned volumes requires only a closet's worth of servers; about $30k in funds. Doable even for modest libraries.
did u invite Ashley Judd to play?
New UST research shows 57% of homes sold in TC last month were foreclosures or short sales. Good news: traditional home sales up 8%.
Is it bad I don't want to go bridal registry shopping. Some guy told me it took him & his wife 6 hrs What r u shopping 6 hrs for Like really
I thought I would get ahead of the curve, so today I used tons of ironic jokes for racist effect.
I hope #Someday soon will follow me!!! #neversaynever right?!?
Goonsquad?????? Ha ha ha
I love heels. I love feeling tall. 
This terrible woman live tweeted with her mouth during the entire show. My prob w it all, it's unprocessed word spew. Shut up, watch it...
Christmas with 1b was good. But my present isn't ok.. -,-
OMG LEBRON HIT A SHOT WITH LESS THAN 40 SECONDS TO GO! OMG BUT HE SUCKS! HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE!?
There's always going to be something that trys to get in your way of being and doing your best... fuck what others say... love been you.
what the hell am I going to do with all these plantains?!
Juvenile justice ideal is children can be rehab'ed w right environment - but black children were considered degenerate from birth.
Miss you too mami. :( Pasatela super!!
cater a grad party with the hotdog cart? :) DM me if that's a possibility. Thanks!
I wish I was asleep instead of watching this blow out
oh my goodness, bring the dogs and it would be my fantasy meal.
Ive been there to perform
There's something inherently funny about a website called "The Top 10 Secret Societies."
"Then bowed down the cherry tree to his mother's hand. . " Pentangle’s recording of The Cherry Tree Carol on the album Solomon’s Seal (1972)
im about to have a skype date with this kidd making fun of the lakers...t-.-t not looking forward to this!
u need to get wit me next time u in baltimore just ask
"Healing is freedom"
What if you honestly want her and not me ? >>>>>
Can I come?(;
Wow a $1000 julep on NBC for #DerbyDay. Yeah that's bourbon, mint, sugar, and ice - a thousand dollars.
Happy Bday to my beautiful daughter :::BIG KISSES:::
Tough loss, but what a sweet half court shot at the buzzer. Too bad it wasn't a 2 point game.
#oasis should have broken up a long time ago.
don't lie to me.
Regardless of the channel, we need to make sure ppl are mindful and responsible [in journalism]
Cooking channel : great events for quick and easy dishes. TWEET YOUR RECIPES Bobby Flay
"The fitness industry doesn't educate people." Our advantage.
Hope you're having a great start to the weekend in Hampton Roads!
there's a new holmes??
BYNUM 2O SOME YRS OLD WITH ALL THAT GREY ASS HAIR!
the average life-expectancy of a nursing home resident at admission is 6 months. Trauma counseling is just as important as health services.
CBB...Under 107.5 Notre Dame vs. S.Fla....7-6 this week counting today's loss w/Kan. ST...Leaned to SJST...NBA posted earlier...Good Luck!!!
Funny, only liberals have ever threatened to kill me. Seems they don't like uppity gays.
Come out to see all the up coming shows!!!! UABB show April 11th & Eyes Set To Kill on April 15th both at House of Rock!!! RT
Clone of Clone of "Decent" Performance Not Good Enough Against Miami
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, or another Guy Ritchie film
I told you goatees are creepy. Go full beard or go home.
awesome, glad to hear! Life is good, new client projects, speaking gigs. We're healthy. Summer's hit Chicago. All good, lol!
Fletcher said changing laws, not enforcement, can help combat the drug problem. :
Do you have a photo?
RT : Mentoring’s dirty little secret: It’s selfish—makes you feel good about yourself and cornerstone to your success.
We 2 will play @ Ultimate Sports Center,
if it dont make dollars it dont make since
But first we fix the phones.
Conan making no money. Bad reviews. Still wanna see it.
Bingo cards gets you the following: Pet Shop-3 goldfish for $1.99. Florist 10% off on select items (on Bingo Sundays only).
Colin O'Brien playing at linneman's tonight as the feature. If you aren't here, you're missing it.
Listening to Clint Black...what ever happened to him?
RT Thanks to one and all for a great #asecs12! If you stayed in a hotel, don't forget to tip the cleaning staff.
Happy Easter people!
#BRITEconf folks: After requests last year, I am tweeting today's playlist (music during breaks) tagged as #BRITEtunes (and #BRITEconf)
A very white draft for the queens.
discovering the edibility of pumpkin seeds: either best or worst thing that's ever happened. how much salt can be safely consumed?
UM, I like, miss you. And your girlfriend.
I think everyone but me felt the earthquake.
I realize this is a mouthful, but Jay Pharaoh may be the least funny cast member in SNL history.
No Doubt
:: Ummpt , Smdh I Mad That I Forgot What He Said Bout You Thoo .
- "hey cupcake, you're an awesome hostess. thanks for the wine. you deserve a quality face fucking." (couldn't help myself)
We're finally booking again! Looking forward to seeing some familiar places and faces starting January.
Off to host an event!
you were such a pretty face, but you ended up being a pretty big waste of time.
On Pandora and about to surf some internet. lls
Sylvia, you are too kind!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Benzie moms out there! :)
Getting more and more depressed about no Packers today
I NEED MORE SLEEP #
thanks for the invite
haha your out of office reply is amazing have a good time in barca ! hope to hear from you when you're back (..from a win..)
Yes, this is so true. Thanks.
Report to Twitter and SDPD-done.
Thanks. Happy New Year!
tell me why my feel still hurt from yesterday...):
Days like today were made for Happy Hour!
I hope 2012 will bring many new opportunities!
Lol you crazy you gone have them thirsty niggas in ya inbox
ur too much of a rook to get white mocha tho
Thanks Jon
Going OK, thanks. That House vote is very disappointing.
Always a pleasure to see you in class!!
Nope. What's the Hershey fail story? And does it come with and without almonds?
If you have something to say tell me directly.I tweet how I feel and never disrespect anyone who follows me or who I follow.
ok... important question... America needs to know, what is Gary's daily caffeine intake?
I'm coming steaming with some nerf guns hot stuff
LOL I am right there with you! RT : Missoni at Target. I'd be more excited if I looked good in horizontal stripes.
You rule, Jordan, thanks for the kind words. Shared them with the team.
We're BACK online!!! Please stop in and see us again!
Planning to walk two miles after work tonight. That's a lot of cold fresh air.
Got gas? Chewing gum could be the culprit, I’m just saying…
I know how you feel man I gotta leave Charlotte in a week
haha, the precision agency hates u too critta
Brewers Win......Now The Packers Gotta Win. The Defense went from.bad to worse...smh
Let's get it in overtime
Make it about ME for '12!
Might as well go for round 2 tonight!
Do I look like a guy???
Resting up for what can only be a pivotal next year. That and soldering like a fool. Bring it, 2012. Me and the flux pen are ready.
Happy New Year to you, Lori!! Much success and happiness to you in the coming year. xoxo
Ive enjoyed my days off but now Im ready to get back to business!
Same Here!!! But We Open One (: Merry Christmas!! <333
Best pass I've seen Leino make in his entire #sabre career
training for #scrum today. doing things
I am so falling for you <3 :) in a good mood
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Phenom 150: Angel King ⁰Rising 10th ⁰Las Cruces, NM ⁰Travel Team: Legends ⁰Point Guard 5’6
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1965 Martin Luther King Jr. led a group of 25,000 to the state capital in #Montgomery,
I'll make sure these are on my list ;)
I laugh every time I see you pin something under "black people"
If you want to check out some news for me and my TV Show go on iNickelodeonShow`s website,my website or on Nick!
...I hadn't thought of that.
Another Beautiful day in the land of MAGIC........ 79°F Current: Clear Wind: SW at 0 mph Humidity: 89%
I hate being a girl.
nice.. did u start playing with Siri? :)
RT : Thank you all for joining our facebook page! Here is a quick fact: According to the University of Michigan, the......
head down. head up. head down. head up. rinse. repeat.
I am capable of managing my own life. I deal with my own issues, I don't ask you to solve them for me. its MY life!!
do you have a pass to the rbc??
YOU will regret this some day my Love, you will...
Fantastic Indiana Real Estate report for August: The median sale price of homes increased 1.7% (IE home values are on the rise)
i hope R starts Nelson Cruz for Hart tomorrow.
Caught my parents cuffing and shit.. Aw!
Love that feeling! Same with sore traps. A good day of deads will often provide both.
damn a nerd crush...a crush period
Looking forward to checking out your eChat on the internal site. I am sure my 6yr old would love this app!
I'll bet. I'm drowning in hospital bills over there. Can't believe they charged me $3 for a Motrin.
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” Thomas A. Edison
Thank you :D
I don't feel like getting up in the morning
Be proud to be out of your mind and out of control - Eminem
Turn To You proved once again that Justin is still kidrauhl. Still adoring his mom and thanking her for making him such a strong person.
8 hours from now well be seeing the Refused. 10 hrs from now we won't have voices. Can't believe this day is finally here.
Anyone who doesn't is a big fat liar. “: Raise your hand if your bracket is in the garbage can right now.”
Don't forget about Open Mic wednesdays at get down here with an instrument or just yourself!
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. - Marie Curie
Registered for the 2012 Bourbon Chase...looking forward to it already.
OK, will check it out..your response: absolutely not (in support of the system) or (won't answer on Twitter) ???
Please let me know if you are interested in HP P4000 certification (and if you plan to go to HP DISCOVER this year)............
its long should i cut it really short
I give you a round of applause haha :p I'm bout to be watching ur 20k ustream haha
On set filming right now...
Your site brings me happiness every day. So many happy endings for these beautiful creatures. Keep up the great work!
The best sessions do this: post materials in advance, meaningfully engage participants to create new.
541 VIEWS! WOOH! <3 (now that i'm awake I can thoroughly freakout)
In losing UT committee members, I gained them again as outside letter-writers. Not the worst thing in the world. Helpful, even.
Just found about 8 pieces of furniture I want in the West Elm catalogue. Happy birthday to me? Pretty please?
#swagswagswagonyou !!!! I love youu please follow me?
well we now share the same last name and initials lol :)
A warm-up violation? Were they wearing hoodies?
inda bay... U Eva out here
Done with the graveyard shift ! Heading home!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 19
Wearing shorts in 58 degrees weather. Yuup.
I feel like crying cuz I wanna be with my mommy wish she was here everyday :'(
Are you performing at the Comedy Cellar in NYC any time soon?
he took a little nap and now he's his old self.
itz hard to think when my mind goes blank
The shows This Friday Jan 27, @ N'AWLINS located on 170th Torrence, Lansing Il, showcase starts at 8p.m. 21+ Lots of Great peformances!!
Shout out to Murphy over #virginolivemarket great food!
Howdy! Hope you're well. RT : BTW, hi !
You'll just have to make it to the June PLN, m'dear. MARK YOUR CALENDAR! :D
i understand, rooting for sports teams is emotional, not usually logical.
IKR!!! i mean seriously why would someone do that
i love watching on ABDC!! ive been a fan of his dancing for a while & this is just AMAZING! :) ♥
I just want to cry
To get followers you need to start following. Find the right people to follow and then they will give the word to follow you.
Big wind storm #thismorning in #SaltLakeCity. Power is out all over town. The Davinci tech team is amazing and our power never went out!
Is anyone having issues with #MobileMe ?
if you bring me a firefighter I might be ok with it? Let's go grocery shopping!
question- have you seen Razor or The Plan?
How many people from the U.S. are visiting London for #ds12 at the end of May? I know there's a sponsored delegation.
*perk* ...raining men?
Cross-eyed man saw that I was sitting next to him on the plane and lifted our shared arm rest up before even I sat down. This should be fun.
What? Drake never made it to Oregon? Oh snap- there goes the legend of 1 Eyed Willy!
yes I did. I'll look forward to that email.
Nice :) Seen and tweets following last night's Late Night performance?
Unscramble this spy word, DM or reply answer and I'll DM you the #CovertTU password for tonight! The word: FRAITNILTOIN
Wish yuh were too!
exactly you have no come back bc you know it's true.
What's for lunch? ________
Ron Paul's NO ONE BUT PAUL money bomb breaks two million dollars!
“: #wpa11 Thought-provoking presentation by on participation. How do we/ should we assess it?” Thanks for coming!
Excelling is a pilgrimage whose course and duration cannot be seen -
omg I love that song!! Bahah it's been stuck in my head all day!
Whistling Straits is Kohler-owned, but in Sheboygan. It's quite a pretty setting, even if you're not into golf.
Genius line RT RT Group headed by Magic Johnson has bought the $640M Mega Millions jackpot for $2.1B
Have to refocus myself I forgot what I was about and what I looked forward to its never to late
your nu look make u more fabulicious! E
got you.... DM me your email address....
Okay I have to say something. If I don't make money with art I can't buy materials or eat. Marketing is essential for me.
where u at? not here.
LOL! Duke football and tough place to play should never be used in the same sentence. Thanks.
P. Diddy should just show up in a tux made from $1000 bills. Let's be serious
thanks for all the RBB support! Stay tuned for cool Red Black & Blonde DVD and comic news coming this summer
RT : #2012GEO Dave Greco at NFF says more nonprofits need to ask themselves 'what is the fully loaded cost of operating our...
Got some good work in this morning now tournament later tonight
Google for Entrepreneurs Hits Nashville
We know there has to be a fit between our Security Professionals and the Security Staffing needs your organization has to fill.
might know someone.
Go fuck yourself with a corn cob.
I think it would be VERY interesting to invite ACTUAL teens to come to any training for libraries that is ABOUT teens & ask them to comment.
Air on one day. Heat on the next. Dear Weather, get it together.
Wait. They're remaking The Thin Man with Johnny Depp & Debra Messing? Oh no
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings |
Greater men have tried and failed to besmirch your honor, sir. You definitely could mess with Texas.
What #gigs do you WANT in the #SFBayArea? #Promoters let us help you! Sign on to Shastic.com and take advantage of #Viral Mktg in #Facebook!
follow me :-)
Prolly my favorite song to play on the guitar. Makes me wanna grow.
No mention of the 28.79 second tater trot?!
that makes me smile lots. Does she have a name?
RETWEET IF U HAVE Bieber Fever
Great article and reminder to all that SocMed is the fuel but face-to-face instills credibility. cc:
Washington State Cougars ‘Cougars Basketball ’ Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
karma is similar 2 ur shadow it follows u whereever ur going but in due time it'll stepped out of your flesh & show your true identity.
Anyone else think Braun could have had an inside the park hr last night had he not fell down?
Excellent fan base tonight!
Guy across from me in the library is writing a paper while wearing sunglasses. Did I mention we are in the basement?
Pleased with this morning's Job Search Networking Group. 10 participants, lots of great ideas about using LinkedIn and Twitter in a search
I just added #milliondollardiva to my wish list - even though I'm a man. ;-)
So I'm really sick and I can't find anyone to work for me/Beth
It's not too late. “: It has just occurred to me how quickly I'm growing apart from my high school friends.”
and then you can start flight shopping in earnest!
So tired of the rain
Daughter is hysterical. She says it's because she doesn't want to go to bed. But we both know she's upset about D. Rose.
moving on.
Our 1st ONLINE SPECIAL is here! Buy any 5 session pack, & get 2 sessions FREE! 7 for 5! Our way of saying Happy Holidays to you! Now-Dec31st
Can I Get A Hello Gorgeous? Or I Love You Brianna?(: Please<3
RT : does that also go for machines in Atlantic City and in casinos everywhere?? <= Yes
There are more than 1 million people living in the U.S. w/ HIV/AIDS. has been serving this community in NV for 25+ years!
see also: The Middle East.
he's staying til tuesday....surprise!
Have a #safeflight1D aawww, we're so sweet (;
Turns out I'm not allergic to chigger bites but to poison ivy.
Good point, hadn't even thought of that. Would there be an uproar if Nike put a much bigger swoosh across the chest?
same.. there's a compass/sass + responsive bof right now i think
and Steven A Smith are ridiculous. You can't blame Melo for these losses. You guys are so unfair.
Keep an eye on our website, www.savescreenonthegreen.com, or on Twitter for the latest weather-related news!
": lol yh follow me back one time too! "-- loll I was done following u Shane.
Headed to SOFA New York and then into Brooklyn for 's b-day party!
hey I'm thinking about doing a juicing fast for 30 days and then starting the paleo diet again. What you think?
I'm sorry but if all your pictures on your twitter are all of you doing the same pose everyday i'm just going to think your conceited.
Woke up with sore neck not the best for going to gym. This 5 am morning thing got to stop what the heck?
So far this month I have used 90 minutes of out-of-network minutes and sent 1200 text messages. The modern world is a little unsettling ...
Next episode...we're talking about gaming! Role-playing games, video games what have you!!
Author Verne Meyer ("The College Writer" "COMP") will speak @ 11AM session on relational approaches to teaching
Happy Birthday all the same!
feeling alone an weak
Philly Bound bout to go prom shopping
Yes, we were discussing your "Accidental Conversations" book, and the fact that many conversations that seem accidental are not!
Why, thank you! RT : you are a dream come true.
It's already scheduled on the planning/construction web site... I'm enjoying this too, btw..
Happy 176th birthday to Mark Twain! Re-read Huck Finn for a full range of American masculinity!
Just found Gaithers A Christmas Homecoming...OMG, talk about memories! Favorite song is Amen, by Larnelle Harris
Uh oh... Should I have said goodbye before leaving for the week? Or are you among the first?
i love it when they call me a "faggot" when they're one too lol
agreed #noheart #timeforchange literally fed up at this point....hard to even watch them
is it showing in Columbus? I want to see it :-)
My Mom Has Raised Me With No Dad
You know you have my vote.
denny's for the win!
I aim for perfection in everything,nothing more nothing less! In a chance to reach perfection we catch excellence
thank you for being a supporter! God bless you friend!
Bout to watch Think Like A Man
Hey how are you??(: I Love You!<3
Not crazy about snow in April! Great time to get some last minute winter photos though!
i wish you would notice me just once :(
I don't see why anyone would want to be on the Madden cover
I haven't checked this, but I think a lot of my large tweet lengths are due to links. (I'm not yet in the bit.ly habit)
I'm sorry everyone is freaking out -___- I'm happy for you if anything :)
Just got done with the 6... still awed by the awesome power of and love those guys.
My List 1. Sleep all day. ChEcK
is doing a free giveaway tonight!!!!!! #FREE #S2LC gear!!!! Seriously don't miss out and look into the brand!!! Loyal few.
uh, just did the exact same thing. Whoops....
Oh - and if you wanted to know what it was without clicking the link: The Kamikaze Hearts - Half of Me
Thanks to the people would follow me!!
Friday Facts! on the www.knowledgesafari.com blog is about #diabetes, pls join the conversation!
trying to motivate myself to go to Zumba this morning.
follow instructions, follow directions and be ready to walk through the door - no excuses, asking no favors!
yeah i know what u mean I dont b adding no one myself.. Damn near everyone on my fb requested me
Create a new account?
of course you did ;)
What problems have you had with credit card companies?
Enjoy earth day tonight at 6P as Kiehl's Lenox Square unveils the limited edition Kiehl's Superbly Restorative Body Lotion.
You may want to delete the tweet you send with hash tag JMT. it is being used by naughtie peep.
Moroney: opinion has no place in news; that seems to run counter to the trend of #journalists embracing their community role.
lies, I try to be
thanks for the follow, check out my stuff if you have time, the links on the page -Con
When I Get Home, I'm Going Straight To Sleep......Well I Gotta Eat Too
*~we debatin who curter like reall tiana its Prodigy n u knw it~*
One thing I don't think I'll ever really adjust to - the intensity of Midwestern thunderstorms.
Repelling a piano from the 2nd floor? Done!
#4c12 was my 5th C's, and I finally figured out the book exhibit: go as early as possible on Thurs and then as late as possible on Sat.
#FutureMusicMogulTeams let's crush it next Saturday!
In honor of Drake's arrival to Albuquerque, I'll be saying YOLO after all my posts. #YOLO!!
I hope so, i hope i have money by the time the tickets are out, if not then idk, but i really really hope so.
#opened11 comments? => My university's upcoming edtech conf asks "How do we leverage technology to keep faculty at the center of education?"
Hm what shall I do this wonderful weekend?
maybe the leave will double my salary! :) I liked bench coaching. I felt all powerful.
Skin needs hydration all the time. Dehydrationleads to a dry, rough, and patchy skin, and for oily skin, it can make your skin so greasy.
We're off to Growing Power for a really big announcement. More to follow...
My day is made :)
Home sweet home!(:
Excellent, sir. Nice work.
:: Hee Was Likee Lydia , Lanaira , jekayla , & Dearra all be tripping . Like he said something bout you and a boy . lhh idk
I got a rough summer ahead of me...
Heard Nikita is renewed so happy about it. Hope we see you on it next season. Miss you!
I guess the weekend is over! School in the morning, so the Col. is heading to bed with a good #StanleyBrothers CD playing. GN and God Bless
OH: you can't cook with a full diaper!
I don't have stats either but I find many of my son's classmates say they are taking time off to work and don't return
that was dope! its comin sooner than we think fam...i got some records to send you from an artist he next up
Merry Christmas, everyone! The Cameron family has been smiling since we began our annual Danny Glover movie marathon this morning.
Just recycled about 5lbs of junk paper mail that I had let pile up.
I want to work at Sea World /:
yo u did it again. it says but the other day it said else. how did u do that
Hurricane Irene is not going to stop a pastry girl
Cowboys never cease to leave me miffed. I could have made that pick.
RT : #Cancer's have trouble letting go.
Congrats to #homeland! BEST showtime drama series by far!
iow always mediated
Kory Quinn plays at home in Southeast Portland during a recording session for the American Music Preservation Project.
#Alabama's game plan in the 2nd half is kneel down 3 times & punt out of bounds. With #LSU specals teams out of the game they can't score.
Mariano Rivera is truly a class act. By not pitching for the rest of the year. It's allows plenty of rest for his arm.
Whichever one of my fb friends that liked that pic of dell!! Thank you!!! Thank you!!!
There's a sophomore in my algebra 2 advanced class playing with tamagachis
Thank you! After a not-so-great travel day, we're here and ready to do absolutely nothing (:
patience is so not my virtue
yeah, that was disturbing.
#MyFavoritePhrases You still got a chance to live, even though you're dead wrong.
Thanks for the MT! Hope you guys are faring well during the mass student exodus.
tweeting my life away, searching for a better way, for me. . .a little updating for the old Eddie Rabbitt song
haha!! YES...thank you for just making my day #SouthAfricanSwag #boyswhoquoteMeanGirls >>>
Keep your head up! Never look down! High self-esteem is the key to being happy. And I don't mean be cokky and overly confident!
@ wendell, glorious and gorgeous
it still links to --> from the # twitter logo on your site
was @ the game & you didn't get one call. Beat to death in lane. 9 assists. Pretty good.
wut happened to him??
Some biz still believes in the build it they will come concept. It takes a strong foundation of credibility & appreciation 2 yield action.
Waiting in my car to get in for the #openingday and the SUV next to us gave us jello shots!
not too creep on your convo...but my mom says she likes Cody cuz of me but I'm not sure! Can't blame her tho!
#Election Day/Night without is just not the same. Happy I can at least follow his work online.
Looks great, Paul.
I've never seen someone wear pajama jeans.... Until now
Said he will marry me!Lol c;
So far the #BRBloggerDraft is going perfectly for me as a Browns fan. Now just have to hope a good RT or Weeden drops to 37.
I can't believe I'm eating dinner at 1am. It's a night shift thing.
Has nobody designed a shell terminal that runs in a browser environment so that URLs grepped from a text would actually be clickable?
I'm gonna open a restaurant called the Karma Cafe. There will be no menus, you'll only be served what you deserve.
LOL. If you have come over again I have a futon with your name on it. :)
haha! so sorry gene. it was fun playing with all you sharks!
Prom? 😳 How old are my followers b?
Of course. Let's go this wknd. RT : R u inviting me to dinner at ?
That was hot
no time for the negativity! to focused on the positive! so if you aint bout that im not bout you! only roll with those who go hard!
People hate reading but bitches love reading bout One Direction.
Did I mention I take my last final exam tomorrow.. At 9:30am. #FML I guess I should sleep.
hahaha (: true<3 I love your new video :P
My car alarm has gone off 7 times now. Sorry to anyone on East.
haha yeah we will! :)
It is raining at the Apple buildings near Parmer and MoPac
any videos up yet??
God doesn't need me to understand fully in order to obey completely. -Steven Furtick
Okay then
lol Yup baby 😊
Football Sunday and all feels right.
No problem! Congrats! =]
RT So, the Imagination Diet? 0_o
Scored yet another jingle gig! Woot! It's good to know that long after I am gone from this mortal realm, my jingles will live on. JINGLE!
Literature is the memory of humanity. --- Isaac Bashevis Singer
It's National Library Week! Celebrate and share why you belong in a UW Library
I've been wondering this too! Let me know what you hear about
Ha - I miss the light brown M&M's, too!
Welcome to the right side of history, Mr. President. Now close Gitmo.
it was such a great time! Thanks again Julie! .. (A-choo-vengers) sorry I sneezed:)
How old are you?...
BO. haha what grade are you & your sister in?
#Greece had too much debt, rose taxes to create revenue, incomes shrank, and now look at them. Should the US raise #taxes, too? I think not.
Hooray!! RT You're going to the chapel & you're gonna get married!
Isn't it?! I loved it there. Take some pics for me!
Whats good keep on the lookout for me!!!
ooh really? For soccer we play at the same time. Ones home and the other is away
lets just go this weekend
heyy theree(; can you please follow me <3:D
Last call - help #NAWBO support WHYY for an on-air telethon Thursday, 6/9, 5-11 p.m. Reply back or DM if interested!
Everyone, EXCEPT for Hilton, should also leave work early
What is the deal with college football teams not wearing their colors? I.E. Where is Washington's purple?
- I think when its said and done, the end of his career will look a lot like Favre and Jordan.
Live tweeting the #oscars central time who you got?... tweet me I will Tell you how wrong you are
It's really hard to watch the Duke Carolina game with
I think this would be a super hot scene: and
Your a 90s kid?oh shiiiiiit cool me too
Student Loan Debt Slaves In Perpetuity - A True Story Of &quot;Bankruptcy Hell&quot;
for a minute I confused Kate Upton with Kate Middleton and had a royal ladyboner.
I can't wait to have a house-warming party!
Khan is on 60 Minutes tonight
When you find the answer to that question, let me know :)
Taliban Launch Coordinated Attacks Across Afghanistan Taliban suicide bombers and gunmen barraged Kabul and struck at least three provinc
"OMG I love strippers!"
Benjamin Franklin~ He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
got it on the books
Your welcome (,=
RT : RT : Try something, see what works, see what fails miserably, learn, rinse, repeat -- #ONACamp love it!
Passover and Easter. Sounds like a great time to reconnect with loved ones, reflect upon degrees of freedom, and gaze at cherry blossoms. :D
Thanks for the RT!
Join us for our AHA Quarterly meeting today from 2-4 at St. Therese Church
Way to end on a high note!!
I am also a big fan of the cinnamon life as well. For the "healthy" breakfast! :-)
Chuy...did hack that account? Your prints are all over it!
‎"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving...
The avengers is worth the watch!
There was an #OccupyPunzo rally at the statehouse this morning. Dont let them keep you down,
Learners always find time to learn.. kudos!!
happy birthday big DAWG! Hope you have a great one!
Yay! Glad you liked it!
omg, I LOVE this! you were such a great dance partner. let's do it again soon!!
I miss you too <3 We need to talk more often
Just got myself some free Taiwanese food truck thanks to the Snapple promo. Thanks guys!!! YUM!
It seems I only have peace on twitter in the mornings when the kidos on here are sleep
OMG. I laughed so hard reading this. Super funny take on
did I just stop for you on a crosswalk on 2nd St in #ColumbusIN? It looked like you.
That's a high contender for the worst picture of me floating around on the internet.
#LastTimeUNLVbeatSDSU I was still an undergrad Aztec unsure if I'd be accepted into my grad program. I'm nearly done with my MA now.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there
What up girl, heard you're single
Stories don't write themselves. Telling them well looks easy, but requires a great deal of work.
saw TV ratings for draft; CLE had highest ratings. It really is our Super Bowl
In the sea of food choices, all I could come up with is pop tarts & a diet dew.
Happy new years!
poker maximus plo8...lets do this....
i dont have anymore question
I've been doing my chores and just scored a Double Rainbows - Epic Win! www.EpicWinApp.com
Oh. My. Gosh. I wish Granny G was my grandma.
hahaha damn it's playing the same way for me I don't get it
Thanks for coming out and supporting tonight. Appreciate it!
that dude looks super #ruthless!! haha! Thanks bud!
RT“ A Real Man Will Stay No Matter What”
Spending the morning hanging out w/the Class of 1962. Even wore tights w/my dress so the ladies don't think I'm trashy.
ASMI dress off to Australia! now its time for the red carpet countdown!!
RT Indianapolis tomorrow to broadcast the B1G women's basketball tournament - UW v. Minnesota, 5pm central for
-holds you tighter-
Lolz Penis While Watching The Vido
TRAFFIC: Crash - Williamson Street @ Dickinson -
True or False Crowd singing Satisfaction along to 45 recording by Stones about to rock historic cold as
I swear that I really don't know if I cans handle another year of this
Tired, still recovering from my cold, & a little behind in my work, but somehow I'm in a good mood :)
Blue Mass medicine 1860s 9000x safe dose of mercury salts. Did Hooker take for VD? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL $2.99 AmazonKindle Women
