Could u just please follow !! Just please!!!!!! It would make my day better !!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! ❤❤❤
I wish #oomf would stop texting me about all the fun he is having! lol I'm too jealous... shut up already
You guys must have some big crickets if you need a bat! Haha! Sorry, corny joke.
YAY RT : Texas jury agreed Eolas 906 patent invalid. Good thing too!
Casey and her Jail Hair, still managing the pouf.
its downtown las vegas next weekend
It just shows that you were too scared to face even a chub like him without a weapon. You're a coward.
#resourcesync webex: 3 synchronization needs: Baseline Synchronization, Incremental Sync (change alerts and content transfer) and Sync Audit
its funny how much people change over senior year
a lady locked her keys in her car, saw me and asked if I could help
Yo dawg I heard u like skateboarding--
Game over :(. Minus the 5,652 fouls called on #pacers it wasn't a bad showing.
#Failing to prepare yourself; is preparing to Fail
Your crazy!lol No just kidding alot of people run it but its just one hill, you should go run at my condos or...
New Rob Michaels single "Letting Go" available in just a few weeks @ www.myspace.com/robmichaels
god night :)
you would know best huh ? lol
awhile. Because he's working in new music for us. And he's busy. He can never please anyone. Everyone is saying he's changing..
Very productive day. Excellent night...music, beer, movies and Discovery's Outlaw Empires!
I actually kind of miss school, #hardtobelieve. Glad I'm better and going tomorrow.
Set your calendars for record store day! It is next Saturday, April 21st. Look for exclusives from #theflaminglips and other WEA artists
Kinect games will be also cheaper than standard Xbox 360 games, it has been revealed.
Mark your calendars for Friday March 2nd at belle isle . Details real real soon .
#IADMIT that I'm very cocky & conceited
I've spent the past few weeks intentionally not reading articles from mainstream pubs that focus on black America and noticed something.
whats up twitter?
DirecTV is really making some outlandish claims about what will happen to me if I don't switch to their service from Cable.
That's when I love you when I need you when I care about you that's when I know for a doub I can't live without you
Good luck!!!
False. You will be slicing lemons when we ask you too.
SHOCKED :O
Goodnight. I get my iPhone 4s later.
I'm busy burning artichokes. But we'll be leaving in just a few minutes!
Still up!
Mehhhh :c I never get to see you
The person you become 5 years from now will be based on the people you meet the books you read.
Grizz making me nervous
I guess I should have told him the truth - that most of us go to Hell and burn eternally - but I didn't want to upset him
Myself is the only one that gets in my way of doing what I know I need to do. Once I learn this I might do the best thing I was meant to do.
Great Job Mike!!! Congrats and hope to see you playing
Yeah he sings really well
Fcat all week at school this sucks :/
i have a missed call from seattle washington..... i don't know anybody from seattle
lol i bet
Going to people's choice awards party.
Some serious hatred towards my phone right now
Today's the day! Come check out the Studio Open House!
it will be the time when the blood will flow warm in my veins again
I love my support system in school. I told them i fell and everyone laughed haha.
same here, cya in an hour.
Your words mean nothing when your actions are the complete opposite.....
I think I need " Gratitude " tattooed on me somewhere to remind me.
Next person to come in and show me this gets their first glass of wine on me.
When can I buy a "You got sIrved" shirt at the team shop?
I'm going to that!! See you there :)
Class at 8,9,10,11,&12:20 today.... a good student would go to every single class.
All I want at the end of the day is to kick off my shoes, take my pants & shirt off and have Chris Hemsworth in my bed. Too much to ask for?
On twitter?
I'm going with 1
Quiet off day. Spent the day doing a little shopping and worked out at the gym. About to call it a night.
Yay! just poached eggs with my new egg poacher pods from Dee-lish
I wanna grilled cheese !
hope y'all got the bus up/ running heard it broke down!
Yes, I think you're right.
Guys: No Shirt, No Service - Gals: No Shirt, No Charge
Want 25% off tonight at or tonight? Just mention #Snowmageddon & we'll hook you up.
RT : WHAT'S THE HOTTEST LOCAL SONGS IN YOUR CITY ON OR OFF RADIO?? ?
btw, last post clearly from the Onion.
tonight...pork shoulder, farro, radish greens, fennel, fried meyer lemon, calabrese peppers.
purple swag!
there's something up, makes you wonder if teams should just stay with the ones that you got you there going into playoffs.
yup! you're right they are good hours, good mindset. Are you working in bham?
Moms, man. They're the best.
what about Dana & Koa?
U can't trust no fucking body these days
There's a lot of sex and the story is interesting. Soft-porn for the ladies.
Oh same if i would pick who is hottest it would be vinny urs ?
They gonna love me for my ambition
RT Using Hubs' laptop while Chubbs does some Say n Play on mine! Say N Play is awesome! **Many Thanks**
exponential participatory art website idea - start w 1 image, participants can take any 1 down, put 2 up
Well... that was quite a meeting with my financial advisor. Glad I know more about investments than he does
That moment when you feel you have no one.
If there was a comparable video on the other side, we'd watch that, too ....
RT : NOT I - NOT ANYONE else, can travel that road for you, You must travel it for yourself. - Walt Whitman
If it ain't got shit to do with you, then leave it alone.
I heard he's writing a musical as well: "How to Succeed in Brewing by Failing Miserably"
what's been up
give me some time lmao
First used APA style in 2010 when I started library school. Before I mainly used Chicago style. Can't decide which I like best :)
You got it babe!<3(:
Refuel this evening! Flash your Zipcard between 5 and 7 to get 10% off your purchase!
Need more followers
Girl in my class just announced she has scabies... #NOPE #I'mdonehere
beat but we have our M&Ms. #Bones & the bullpen know what I'm talking about
Finished my shopping this morning! Now onto wrapping and food :-)
Yo Mama Crazy! Asshole RT : “: Been Having Some Crazy Dreams Lately” cuz your crazy
- I knw wats #REAL..... I'll never give up on what me n hym got !!!!
Then why are you dressed like a leprechaun in your twitter pict.. huh! .... I Ask you!
Love it!! Have a great day, Shannen!!! 💛 Praying for a special blessing for you today!!
I'm sorry bro/:
I already bought #boyfriend and i love it! But he wants it to the top and I can't buy it more than once...and none of my friends like him:((
I trust your speech down in Orlando went well. One day when you're back this way I will have the pleasure of hearing you speak
Rest In Peace
Notice how Eagles made pick in 0.1 seconds. Must have had Foles graded very highly.
4 hrs. I'll be there soon. Really, I will. Makes me smile. This was meant to be. Don't give up on me! :)
R.I.P to the beautiful
3 more followers for 200! #200 gets a drink on us tonight for our 3 for $12 special, available now .com!
"it was on this great day 100 years ago that the hand job was invented! This masturbation technique..." mom hit pause.
you know the correct answer!
Is it just me or did the car carrying Kim Jong-il's coffin look like the car in the opening credits of Entourage?
I guess i thought this would be easier
Today, I shall listen to Jonathan Coulton all day and giggle. I just have to make Pandora cooperate.
My brother is so overprotective, he's worse than my dad!!!! -_-
just got off the phone with my mom in Ohio. now we are on stable grounds. Finally,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the mavs suck when i watch them it looks like a bunch of 7th grade basketball players
but I hate not knowing if it's a real yield or a "get your own lane for about a mile so don't worry about it yet."
Shonda Rhimes just taught a writing class...Kerry Washington an acting class...ABC better renew this show!
Goma is located on the border of Rwanda many people cross on a daily basis, how often do you cross state or country lines?
Fun presenting Thrilled to win the Spotlight award! Gr8 way to celebrate the 1st anniversary of transitioning from Fluent to Fiksu.
#IMissYouWhen i see another couple hugging ..</3
Missed Premiere? Watch it tonight & look for the Fatboy® original lounging in Marty’s () loft!
when i put my phone light on you lol
I must be the only girl in the world that dislikes when another female calls them "Doll or Mami" :/ shit is just awkward!
thanks, yeah that is kinda my thoughts too, just wondering if people found much difference
what dozen other? Just Say'n
It is exceedingly difficult to watch Spurs-United and not persist in rooting for a rules-bending & unprecedented result where both lose.
I'm so tired of hearing those guys talk. Talk is cheap! Pac-Man and $ Mayweather need to get in the ring ASAP.
and a diet coke!
my poor baby
me and 2 friends are writing a song for kendall Logan James and Carlos! Cant wait to post it!
Out 55 vs AK king flop bye bye main event.
SOMEONE PLEASE TALK TO ME
It's hard getting a itch while playing guitar hero but I have become one with the guitar and we can power through them now
Have the courage to follow ur dreams of entrepreneurship. Don't let the fear of failure prevent you from taking that first step.
definitely, u do the same;-)
What are your happiest moments?
you're soo nice thanks it's so hard to get him to notice me
Thankyou to all my new followers!
Wahoo!!! Just got my new iPhone 4s. It's sweet!
No wifi in this presentation space. Bo
In Baytown, Texas ready to get these workouts going!! Workouts back in Humble at The Gym tonight @ 7:30pm. See you there...
< probably expressing the same sentiment of MANY other players, just gutsy enough to put say it out loud, or in this case, Twitter
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 13
Rod Barajas is possibly the slowest man in baseball.
Just made up a 10 minute presentation on some random company, on the spot. Professor totally bought it.
Panama can't come soon enough! ☀👙🍺🌴
hey! Athena's great! And no she's not my sister, but she's my really great friend! :)
Bode Miller > Bodemeister
Totally got the #wookflu after being in Madison this weekend. Guess I raged a little to hard. It's been like 5 or 6 years. Ugh.
Starting to think this is something I'll never get over
im sleepy but id wanna go 2 sleep cuz i aint gone sleep later on tonight
Thanks Luigi! Costa Rica sounds like the place to be today!
M I love peanut butter cookies !
RT : #Melo is the only #Knick playing like this is a elimination game
Hope is renewed, join me in its revival. - The Cleveland Browns
We're getting there! :)
Aw babe that's cute. Too bad I'm broke. Might have to go back to the crombie
Come on by and try us out! We'd love to feed you :)
Do you think another productive year out of Gordon would price a long-term deal out of the #Royals range?
Nose, y u no breathe?
u guys! I started a real job! IT'S ALMOST LIKE I'M AN ADULT OR SOMETHING
stop being a pussy. No one likes a quitter. In the words of the great actor Judd Nelson "smoke up Johnny"
Follow in Paris, hey Niss honey.
The Indians went 41 years w/o a playoff appearance from 1954-95. We R a passionate fanbase, didn't give up then & won't now
My mom is blacked and so am I obviously I learn from the best
Good morning everyone!!(:(: hope you all have a great day!! <3 you all!!
i don't even know you. the fuck .
be safe on ya trip unkl
I'm quitting before she gets to HS.
Done Joking Around && Horse Playing ! Im Getting My Head In These Books #LessonLearned &&
he owe u 20 dollars lol
Weekends = Football, Fun and Radio girl for me :) Let's
You're welcome! Enjoy the fair!
Another absolutely amazing day in Milwaukee.. what's everyone up to today?
I see
Yea you are :)
I feel like tweeting you. Finals suck. I like electric blankets. Boom shacka shacka
hey, sorry I have been so busy.. And moms new rule no txts after 9!! Lame
So often times it happens, that we live our lives in chains, And we never even know we have the key.
Want that blowout to last longer? Twist your hair into a tight bun on top of your head and secure with pins to keep that curl formation....
hahahahaha! You known i always gotchu though!
I laughed.
Omg saw willie twice and love black keys.
Good luck tonight at the hospital with the wife! #AxmanIsStillMyHero!!!
where is this video of us?
4 for the CRJ dept - I give you 10 total in class
We're having a grand old time with in LA! Show tonight with the gang theatre in Santa Monica.
That;s powerful stuff from Jay. He is seriously choked up...
rehearsal with the band
If I just didn't have to eat or sleep I could be so much more productive.
So Duncan Keith is back in good form. Hmm maybe it has to do w the offensive fire power in front of him worlds team Canada.
Matthew 6:33-34 NIV. 'But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness...'
You know you're drunk when you're chopping pineapples in half screaming, "SPONGE BOB I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!!"
Morning all, Happy Cinco de Mayo!
I feel like oovooing with someone. lol.
that's cute ;D
Praying 4 Gene Hackman, hit by bicycling in Florida. Hope surgery is a success & recovery is speedy. Seems & moron has a drivers license.
Staying up late will get u messed off, this the time when u get up in ya feelings
It's official. I know now for sure that artists are crazy:) I'm including myself :)
I'll pass, you wouldn't scare me enough to motivate properly
Just turned Disney channel on since forever... WTF IS DIS ISH?!!?!?!!!
I would love to help! webos user since April 2010 in Rochester NY. Tried Android. Tried iOS. webos is the best.
Honored yesterday to meet Tincy Miller, #Texas #Dyslexia Champion, #Advocate for Kids with Differences & SBOE Candidate
I second this emotion.
Just got pitched phoners for a movie that will not be screened. But I'm sure David Hasselhoff and Gary Busey do quality work in it.
Jim #Tressel steps down as OSU head coach. I guess Michigan fans will celebrate.
YOU NEED TO START HITTIN ME UP
TGIF tweet peeps! I hope everyone has a great labor day planned. God Bless
Hmm. Maybe I will order he fight. RT Floyd says he feels great at 151. Says Cotto looked drained. I didn't see it.
LogMyCalls Launches Google+ Page
PRODUCTION DESIGN: Philip Ivey, District 9 Runner-up: Rick Carter and Robert Stromberg, Avatar
Jesus died for our sins? He should have lived so the priest kid fuckers don't get a pass. #Happy Easter
Give your breakfast routine a boost.Get energized with burrito rollers and an energy drink from #7-Eleven every morning!!
I already know how it is bro shit sucks
and they're back. i can breath again
Yup! Back in the day we sponsored Motorola. They even helped us test what is now Wet Lube.
Wha?! May have to claim wrist injury....
can't say I have, I'm a big cheesecake guy though
OH WAIT I JUST SAW THIS OMG. OKAY yeah, That's when you were Anna :P I'm going to sleep. Talk to you later baybee. Goodnight.
Well, it at least shows up as a reply in my timeline.
I was wondering if he did it at the Lilac Fest last Friday. I didn't get to go.
diving rod - he's looking for water. :)
Looks terrible.
You're gonna take a nap just for 10 minutes, in a row.
#LakersNation over here ! Let's go.
Please follow me on twitter
still here
Lost a lot in
updating my blog
So did anyone get raptured? Who's missing?
be my friend?
Sitting in a dark room in fifth hour,looking at my year book and texting him.
lot of funny shit happened tonight tipped a stripper a walgreens receipt bitch got mad as hell lol
I am a strong believer in kissing being very intimate, and the minute you kiss, the floodgates open for everything else.
will it help if I say I'm Moonwalking right now?
haha just become famous already.. k thanks (:
Improv led by PJ from GO Comedy and it's off to the races. A group of us heading to Hazel Park Raceway if anyone is interested.
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trending For Austin? Please & Thank You!!! :)
Woah. Alex Gordon just robbed Danny Valencia on what looked like a sure thing four bagger. Then Plouffe knocks one out into left. 3-2
please check out her keeks! and follow her noww!!!!!
That's alright, it will still be worth it! What show are you going to ?
Today starts the new photo contest on LoveVoodoo... Lube 102... sponsored by MD Science Lab (mdsciencelab.com)
If you believe it.....fuck errybody else thoughts!!
Air Force Falcons beats Navy to win first leg for Commander in Chief's Tropy.
My house got so decorations with iCarly,some people are wondering why i don`t have something with me,well i got just one inspiration,iCarly!
I have one advertising agency I'm working with need two more
Make sure and check out our website for upcoming events and rad stuff. bedouinvintage.com
...offering the digital-to-vinyl service and figured maybe there was method to their madness?
U going to be in Orlando?
Inventory note: enough hot chocolate for the rest of the summer… enough gum for the rest of my life -_-
RIP Davy Jones... Loved watching the Monkees growing up!!
It's going to be a weekend of parties, filled with delicious food from and sprinkled with a little bit of work!
I hope to be asleep early tonight. So I have a lot of work to do in a short period of time.
You can free yourself from aging by reinterpreting your body and by grasping the link between belief and biology.
My.back.fucking.hurts.
Shout out to Met this talented brotha a few weeks ago working 24/7. This grind ain't for everybody. Keep doing your thang.
What's happening in LA? Nothing happening on twitter...la la la :-)
I feel for the agent that reps the kid auditioning for Alek for Nine Lives. Singing and being a freak in lobby is NOT a good thing. Rude!
to much drama...ladies please, dont put yourselfs in a position you dont want tp be in. RESPECT YOUR BODY!!!
mom, stop. its RATCHET.
awe love you!!!!
Secetaro is president of SEED , btw
Shit Just Got Real, NBA PLAYOFFS !!!
yeah, i'd rather be on facebook honestly...hahah
that suck!! Show def isn't as good without him!!!
what!!! I'm real close to u in spring hill! Man we leave tomorrow morning, would love to meet with u before we leave tho
I would lose 100 fights, just as long as you were on my side.
People's lack of excitement about exciting things really irks me.
I can't stand for sumone to say they gone do sumthin then flake on u
It's like a throwback to 2010 finals week, when you stayed up with me all night to help me concentrate on my term paper.
Noticed a few *calls for submissions* yesterday. Will try to do a mini round-up today and post on the website.
My head is killing me.
Now following
wishes Brian Baird was my Rep. I don't agree w/ everything he says but at least he has to guts to talk to his constituents.
Making Marilyn Monroe inspired cupcakes! Any ideas? GO! I've got cherry and white chocolate with edible pearls so far need ideas!
hahaha nice hash tag
If you haven't seen Hugo, do not delay! It's delightful and Sacha Baron Cohen is hilarious.
I always forget my nose is broke and hit it
been listening to in #MTL and they have been saying it all morning.
Time to chill with a glass of wine and hulu...
Jon Snow! Oh no! Aaaannnd... scene. Roll episode credits.
Here I am! How goes things, Enpho?
FDIC General Counsel Michael Krimminger is leaving in June to join the D.C. office of Cleary Gottlieb's international banking practice.
No less than 4 cops on tranquil TriMet Max platform. Is this related tp protests or just Oregonian vigilence?
Tragedy! RT : A8: You never give the world the gift that you were put here to give
Confession: When I see a boy with blonde hair, I'm instantly interested ;)
bummer! You going?
People moan too much, Life's too short to be depressed, Live life like it's your last day! X
We'll be in Palm Springs this weekend working with Micheal Costello of & for Michael's Look Book!
The "Kid Tay & LSKATA: Highschool" mixtape is done ... who's going to download it?
digging a huge hole in the ground and getting payed $60.i lot of work but it is worth every penny of it
How to network: social media reveals a lot to employers & your political & other viewpoints should be defensible
I have landed on a strange planet called Twitter. I am learning the native language - grass and twigs for lunch, of course.
I'm living for the only thing I know I'm running and not quite sure where to go...
I will watch your kid while you walk through First Steel by Friday AM. Better yet, she can play with my kids.
Oh lord. I've started getting spam on
Hahaha I'm controlling twitter with my penis
I'm thinking of visiting dc this summer
I am really good at getting pen/sharpie/highlighter all over my hands.
Hey shut the fu*k up!!
i am right now ;) goodnight x
Feeling stressed? Come in for a therapeutic massage and get relaxed for the weekend. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon :)
All I hear right now are firetrucks.
Wash your dog for charity! K's Girl Scout troop is holding a self-serve dog wash party on Mar 4 1:30-4:30 for Guide Dogs of TX in SA
are you going to asw?
Thanks for the follow.
Im sorry but i tired of everything. If your just gunna sit there and ignore me and talk shit you can go die in a hole.
We now have a great furniture line to go with your new mattress set! Z
Grand Master, go faster.
I receive a financial aid refund of $610.88 for the Winter 2004 term before EMU staff cancelled everything without telling me.
"Kill the Bill" is being chanted up & down Bluemound! Tons of protesters out, about, stopping traffic!
Hello to all of our new followers! We'll follow u back :)
oh. But you should still go and have a good time!
Days with really good upper lift and a good after school scrimmage are the best.
Debates first bell...wish me luck.
I'm sitting on edge of seat - can't find my Terrible Towel!!
So Tiger Woods isn't really in the mix, but other than that what a leaderboard at the Masters: Couples, Rory, Sergio, Bubba, Phil, & more
Just found out the coffee my fiance brewed this morning was decaf… no wonder I was falling asleep in class. oy!
Need an IPhone !
My Daddy Just Bought Mhe Nd My Niece A Credit card.,! :) Im About 2 Go Spend
Awww thank u
On last Friday's show you said, "Your first loss is your best loss." Boy, did that hit home!
That's fine. They have other programming they can play with, don't they?
bye tweeters love you all and the i love is and melissa please tell me the answer today and i will get back to you tomorrow
I licked Liam Payne and he said he wanted me forever. Lolol
Muad'dib is officially in the office.
gonna work for a few hours then study for history & bio exam.
just signed up for hsba..got to do something..too much time going by,to little comming in..lol
I'll tell you guys what the prank is tomorrow but for now, goodnight! Xo.
“: Can't date no broke n*gga or one who doesn't have his sh*t together...i dont care how good the d*ck is!” for damn sure
True. I think it will be hard for the #Orioles to do well after the long games. They're playing some great teams too.
KNOWLEDGE IS SOMETHING THAT'S DISCOVERED OVER TIME
Freud is so much deeper than Al Gore and his cronies.
had such a fun photo shoot today, pics to come soon!
Lol, I'm sorry?
": I hope gets hit by a bus" hah, nah,10x more satisfying to watch 's smackdown tn, now he has to live w shame
Good Morning fans!
#save RT ": Is it save ? I don't want to log off"
Men are like roses, watch out for all of the pricks.
RT : at #ommadata today RT : The balance of power in branding has shifting from creatives to quants -
I love my belly button :').
ok that is fine :)
Yes, we believe the #customer is always right #goodcustomerservice RT : Are customers right in your business?
Hola Twitter World. Check out our new website www.alsarizona.com
Good Night Friends. Hope all you Mommy's have a Wonderful Day!
Coming to the Memphis or Little Rock area anytime soon?
I like the optimist in you, Marcela, what do you do in NY? Write me at if you wish...
Nice mileage...You're race ready.
Only because I hang out with girls too much.
Dan! Hi
i've declared that it only one day left this day is taking to long to get over with
I hate where i go through these cycles where im happy for a couple hours then depressed for a few hours then happy again so annoying
I managed to get on his grassroots email list, too, somehow. They sent me an email, in my state, about convention delegates.
The Mentalist season finale! #whereisjane are you watching?! Lol
how would these mustangs fare against all stars?
Music is my Lifee :L ^>^
Sunday's meeting time updated: arrive at 9, game design jam and extra sessions start at 9:30. Unconference ends at noon.
The Fall Season at the VAC has begun! Come see Mika Tajima in conversation with Richard Linklater tonight!
I always feel like somebody plotting on me
I would like to thank the Long Island Young Presidents Organization for having me at their meeting.
I have never rooted so hard for the #Tigers before. Seeing all those NY douches in the stands
Nice choice; either listen to Lyin" Mitt or Ron Christie.
Hey...wanna be freinds??
RT : When you love your people more than your bottom line, your bottom line is soon more lovable.
I need to do my homework and quit doodling all over it..
: laziness is bad; needed to get up anyway. Thx'z. TV is already locked in..
can I get a cab to McDs and back then out somewhere else.
Always been a fan of the Inbetweeners, but definitely enjoyed seeing a different side of you in #TIPDOTM. Keep it up!
Happy Happy Happy
Second time this week I sold a bass to a nice dad from Craigslist. Thanks Mick and Jim. #$$$
hello good sir, lets connect soon. I'd like to drink from your spout of wisdom.
no I haven't but I will!!
I hate when people change National Anthems, Canada or USA. They make the performance about themselves, not the nation they sing for.
RT if someone in your family knew the words to #RhinestoneCowboy, but was clueless about who exactly the mouse head guy was?
Had enough of UEFA/WWE. Barca are good, yes, but sick of seeing big decisions continually go their way. They cheat & prosper. Depressing
Happy Birthday! Hope it's a great day! Cheers!
Oh, snowing makes me a prominent weather reporter.
update video coming soon to fill all you kids in on whats going on!
Thanks Bo, fixed. Sometimes bit.ly does not do me any favors. Probably user error on my part :)
haha oh the famous words of tine ;) i like how u and lex know now NOT to ask me for shots lol, ill stay on the side sippin
Its all about taking care of one another; be kind to each other😊💜
So "lifestyle" retirement planning is every bit as important as crunching the numbers, even if it doesn't always get the same attention.
A goldfish Charlie Chaplin impersonator? Where does Bruce find these pictures? :D
Phantastick entrana dinner at las tablas around the corner from #portagetheater fueled up to attck the block!
Their mother thanks you. :P
is Vienne the one who made that horrific animatronic boy and puppet? The desire to portray horror was terrifying!
Anyone have experience removing gel nail polish at home? Am I crazy to even attempt this? Note to self: be better at being a girl.
What a shameful speech Romney gave at Liberty Univ for one who wants to be President of all these diverse U.S. religions and citizens.
that could be taken in many different ways:) and we love the irish here. Given that, we regularly take down a Dubliner Benedict.
Getting ready to go to Hardrock with my cuz! =)
But we all know your most excited for mine 😉
Exactly. My point is that the metric, over time, has become disassociated from its human toll. Achilles didn't boast.
"Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Shouldn't go to a strip club if you can't pay your bill
Killer #hangover? Two words to cheer you up: #MarchMadness. Selection Sunday is today! Stop by for Monster Tots to celebrate.
Got's do love that Technology thing. Brought to you by dem Democrats.
I love ads that say come to happy hour to ease your hangover.
Thanks for the retweet!
The day you turn 18 i'll marry you..
Preach it !
Ever notice that even when the metro escalators are broken the right side always moves slower?
New neighborhood=wrong turn this AM making my last run before Sunday a liiiitle longer than I planned. #CLEmarathon here we come!!
A less-attractive female that's wearing a shirt saying, "I'm the baddest b*tch on the planet."
It's a gorgeous day for #CFYoga ! it's our big debut, can't wait to hear your tunes! I'm excited !!
Haha. I know I'm not a whore so I'm not offended.
yum, I love Jager!
hackers annoy the shut out of me. GTFO of twitter, fucker.
what?? by who
I remember watching Bo with the Denver Bears when I was a kid in the 60's - he was one of my favorites.
For real??? This is helpful. I'm going to the grocery store today. Going to add that to my list!
In pain
The most important function of alkaline water is to increase bicarbonates in the blood because we lose bicarbonates as we age.
Grading over for the semester. Now on to nightly textbook/article reading through August... teaching BUS 101 for the first time.
Why can't I play Temple Run in bed? :(
Note to self: don't undo trousers while walking down the corridor to the toilets at work.
i am not in statistics buddy he's not bad but i don't trust him
Hey Great running into at the last night!
my back has never hurt so bad👎
I'll try, thanks :)
Tough life for a three-year old. Maggie just told me she needed to get dressed so she could go to her job. ??!!
Hello, Melissa. Thanks for your RT. We appreciate it!
“Why join the navy if you can be a pirate?” - Steve Jobs
I feel like having an adventure. I wonder if there is a Camp Crystal Lake somewhere that hasn't changed it's name.
i hate those accounts who have 10k+ followers but only follow like 100
it's the birds. I need earplugs!
So excited to be re-working my website - adding photos and videos. Keep an eye out for my link NEXT WEEK! :)
LOVEYOUUUUUUUUUUU♥ follow me please:D i.love.your.voice.c:
I have no electricity.
Hi Eddie, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
oh, hell yes. yum.
Great show by Daniel Handler and Maira Kalman today! Thank you again ! Can't wait to read, and admire, Why We Broke Up.
We'd love to see #geekgirl represent at ! We need more developers and designers to help #socent teams rock
Austin Toros / San Antonio Spurs sign Malik Hairston - great news for the team. The dude is a phenom guard. Congrats to all involved.
yay! Bring on the best job ever!!!! :)
haha I want somethin warm like apple pie or peach cobbler :D haha
Then that means that is a lucky girl. Because I'm sure you treat her right.
the hills? so 15 minutes ago...it's all about NEWLYWEDS NICK AND JESSICA
Gym bag and work/school bag packed. And I'm out.
looking to bounce some business ideas off ya.
On The Final Day God Made Heaven And Earth . The Rest Was Made In China !
that was fun and thought provoking, sorry we didn't connect!
also can't wait to see our interview with ! check them out, Mark does great interviews with web series creators!
Someone is getting castrated once I find out who swiped my faux designer glasses from & 's XMess Partay!
Waiting for train to take us to Reliant fo #Texans game. Hope we get to see them to win today & hope the same for #Cowboys tonight.
If you girls like shopping and saving check out blastoff if u have ne q's twitt me www.my.blastoffnetwork.com.usanetwork
I honestly can say I'm so happy school is almost over .
Damnn, gonna miss most of 's Ustream becausee im goin out to dinner withh the famm...Can someone record it for me please?(:
Looking forward to our shoot in #Austin this weekend at #ACL. Word.
"Pursuing your passion is fulfilling and leads to financial freedom." — Robert G. Allen
True that.
let them have all penalties we are better than that as a team beat and win and not cheating to get there lol
do not want to be at work today. at all.
My bed never felt so great
Some of the things people tweet on twitter.. You really don't care what you tweet
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
- Thanks so much for following!
Celebrate National Hamburger Month with the Smoked Brisket ‘n’ Cheddar Burger inside
Obama announces 2012 campaign.
Is actually jus getting out of bed. Lol
one of the many reasons I. LOVE. SPORTING.
im not gonna do it honestly i dont care
I Dont wanna put his business out there.
I LOVE THOSE!!!!
To teach Mr how to be one lol RT : well that's What I'm here for
Dylan got called by a girl this week. Unfortunately he missed the call.
Saw my ex at the club last night. Knew that if I danced with him he would want me back. He does, and now I'm just dissing him. Hahah.
Pre-Valentine Speed Dating Event!! This week only pay $15 at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Its so hard -_________- I need like 900 likes to be in the top 10 :...(
That's for all those weird looks you be making at me =P
student quote: "failure is something that i block out of my mind, and never hope to reach." #Learn2Fail at
i will click and what i must doing next ?
"presence," shorthand for the idea that people should enjoy an "always on" virtual omnipresence. We live in an always on world don't we.
R.I.P. TO THE LEGEND OF GO-GO MUSIC MR CHUCK BROWN
DK Wrestling Savior
FULL DAY! First, a half-marathon, then yard work all afternoon, end-of-semester gatherings, & FINALLY my 750 daily words! Now a margarita :)
hahaha! great idea!
It is a cultural shift that is driving society as a whole. Not as many religiously identified people nowadays.
"If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairytales." The one and only Dr. Suess.
Going to see tonight. Someone text me after Kentucky wins tonight so I can act like I care.
Beauty's in the eyes of the beholder.
Have a happy weekend everyone! Don't forget to order your flowers for that special occasion you're planning
And the interwebs seem to be out. Yay Comcast. NOT
I bet and I agree on very little politically. But his OMC column is spot on. Recall is unfair, WI is a joke, this will repeat
nope, still using nagios/cricket.I've used Zenoss at a previous employer.Has annoyances, like Nagios, but is better I think.
Doing some pre-production on vocal arrangements. we hit the studio again at 6. :D
Rain, Rain, Beautiful rain!
Ewwwww i Miss Jamiya !!! even tho i know i dont ever cross her mind
I'm pretty sure that's what he says. Hahaha.
Girls at mt school wear too much make up
That's all that matters in life.
haha for sure :)
What series is this? This looks really interesting!
When boys open doors for you 👍 I know it's probably to get a nice view of my ass but it's still chivalrous.
Keep ya head on a swivel
Now attending the Constant Contact live webinar on FB marketing. Looking forward to learning something new!
Very happy to say that, come fall, I will be assistant professor of 20th-century British literature at Syracuse University.
do you know of any online contests to win tickets to the #ProBowl?
This new school looks like prison
Where the boys at :D
Just completed Week 3 - Day 1 (completed 1.62mi with run pace of 15:41 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
After 24 epic rounds, & reunite for Chapter 3 to settle the score. WATCH: Sat, Nov. 12, Live on PPV.
half the time I spell "tonight" i spell it "tonihgt".
just doubled w/aq vs qq...
I really wanted to live tweet photos of dragging your typewrite all over Chicago yesterday, but it wasn't working. :(
I FEEL SICK
You're right Caroline! Welcome to the CC Club. :-)
Happy 18th Mother's Day, friend. Glad you are enjoying it!
You remind me of a girl, I once knew...
I can't believe some of the things I just said
Wow. You make me proud Portland! Timbers beat LA Galaxy 3-0.
bb i am going to sleep ☺
Thanks for the RT, Susan.
I hope this WILL last
Thanks Edmicelly! I'll let you know when we're doing something out on the East Coast!
eaving in Stacy
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 47
Research showing that influencers are relying on morning briefing emails more than ever. has some great ones!
Saying I don't take my meds because they make me feel funny. Is like cannibals saying they don't eat clowns because the taste funny.
LSU v. Bama BCS Title game would be a #BCSFail. Bama had its shot. The point of the BCS is to match up the best of the conferences.
Thanks to Tia for giving me a long weekend with a Friday break! Good to be back with you today!
I agree. It definitely cuts both ways: consumer demand and ag marketing. Which is why it works!
I used to have thicker hair but not as much now. I can't get good style.
Its nice seeing the Steelers bounce back, but watching the Pirates sink has gotten painful this year. Ah well, there's always the Pens!
home safe! Thanks again for being my lab buddy this week :)
good night twitter :)
We hope you'll get a chance to come by and see all of our rad, locally-designed fashion and accessories before you leave! <3
My annual New Year's tradition is getting all rankled by how lame the comics are. I AM RANKLED, 2012!
At a hotel with a beautiful view
hey big deuche my grandpa was a tow truck driver and he had more common sense than u frankenstein
I'm gonna stop making excuses for why my GPA is bad and go ahead and admit its cuz I'm lazy
#1234567890 You get... Freak the Freak Out by Victoria Justice!! Love this song!
Agreed. Don't like Obama on Leno. Free world leader should be a little inaccessible, not Hollywood. Shouldn't he be working?
Social media is named social media for a reason...
Aha , jss thought bout something .
Josh Smith was injured tonight and you know what he was wearing... ADIDAS!!!
It's official! Next week's #dcdrinkup is a two-fer: dinner at 6:30 at King Street Blues in Crystal City, followed by spinny karaoke.
RT Thanks to for great forum and affilliated events
Carrots are very good for a directors eyes!
Its too early to be feeling sicky :-(
Wanted to say i was so sad to see you go & was so shocked. but i am so excited to get your first album you make and your concert
I'm staying away from all social media from now until Sunday night to avoid ANY spoilers about The Avengers. :(
This shit is crazy!!!!!
RT Helium, who now reeks of vinegar, tried to dye himself for Easter. I've tried to die, myself and had similar failures.
Have you heard of this new TV show in #Baltimore called ? check them out when you have a minute!
Do your thing!!! I need to go to bed too, good nite
": Didn't Fewell yell that to when he deflected a pass to #Respect”"BING CAN PLAY BIG
Everyone does until they join and realize how much fun they've been missing.
"face me cat!"
Bleh, I want to vomit.
How cool is THAT? Good for you Andrew! Such a coveted honor... how did you fool'em lol? Hope you return to VOSD post Knight!
you're the one threatning to beat her!
. surely there's a non-ALEC aligned book store where this might be found....can't do biz with
I am seriously enjoying The L.A. Complex.
I'm done. 13 years of school and I'm actually, finally done.
4 reminders per day to use your camera. Practice your direction; ask if you can shoot someone doing the Riverdance. Or perhaps an Irish jig!
Let's Go Mavs! Set the tone and get off to a fast start!
RT Dear clueless-about-poverty-inspired-book-love, you can still get books for 99 cents from Goodwill.
Sure. I am interested in those cases where the FB connect is all there is and it includes the cat sharing pics. :-)
lol.. I will soon.developing some stuff in Google +
DEFINITELY will 4 next yr.Do U have hashtag suggestion? We're newbies so we appreciate ur $.02!
uhm no....sounds fun no doubt, just not me. either international studies or political science.
Okay, I can deal with that. I'll download it soon
HAHAHA THAT IS THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE FILM EVER!! Please tell me you're watching the whole thing. SO. FUNNY.
Catalina Island Conservancy's Fund for a Sustainable Planet sponsored the Isla Earth message today.
my fav group ever but at this point i dont want to see that shit..drop another album.shits sad
NEED SOMETHING, ANYTHING TO BREAK.
follow back? (:
What happened to Hossa? I just turned the game on and missed it.
That being said, I do like some TED Talks; I'm just not the drooling fan like some.
Kim Kardashians eyes, must smell like Kanye's balls
Our next two gigs are on the Avenger's premiere and Cinco de Mayo.
San Francisco is certainly the place to be during Chinese New Year! When are you thinking of coming out to SF?
Call of Duty will take over my wednesday night
It's better to be looked over, than overlooked. ~ Mae West
Please pray for Gene Hackman, he's given us so much of his heart.
pike creek, right up in your neck of the woods. :)
Please Follow Me (: ! Thanks and ily . though TBH : ME and YOU should Hang out lmfaoooooooo Go to a party lmfaoooooooooo 1
Touchdown Miami. Want some cava stat.
I had a great time @ #mobileappred with team Clockers
STIX the CAT sez, "I told them not to open the wine, but . . .: check it out - www,stixthecat,com - click "hello"
Q1 via Which 'undiscovered place' could you rediscover over and over again?
RT : Happy International Women's Day! New Zealand was the first self-governing nation to grant women the right to vote in 1893.
If I can get a decent air fare to #vegas will go see
omg. I'm so kidding.
Stop your hate Slim
Sometimes God tells you what to say and you actually hear him.
special shout out
Stop by & cool off with a Sammy Smith's Organic Cider!!!
Join us for Food for Thought at the LaSalle Branch on February 7th at 6pm for a series on eating your way healthy.
you coming to Indiana this summer?
huh???? was that towards me? Im not a slut.....
No matter how relaxing your Sunday was Mondays still suck.
so, we're shoving a car down a mountain next week... any advice?
In 40 minutes, I'll be 20 years old. Wow. That feels weird to say. Hell even to write.
bite into it!!!!
costume shopping!! later one!! gona pick one and stop waiting!!
thanks, you do the same.
I hate ryan theriot
You don't much like the current storyline do you? You Brooke or Angelina?
it must be hard.
I do that ALL the TIME!!!!! See that's why I luv me some Toni, lol
You may not go, young man. She could take your eye out!
Ready for and Best tv all week.
holy shit! where ARE you?
I can confirm this. I get to listen to them when I'm in your brother's car! :)
Rewatched. Scrolling news does seem oldish (MySpace headline…). Digging.
Congratulations of - 1 of Forty Under 40!!!!
Things Twitter Taught Me This Week likes Dots - is hosting Rome this week -- And has excellent taste in music
LOL as long as his arm doesn't feel funny and quit
Not really... think of all that extra money your family will save not buying season tickets
you were fab and spiffy! Thanks for playing!
Being a Ducks/Rangers fan is stressful business.
"What the hell is Sugar Island?"
“As we grow in our relationship with God, we begin to see ourselves (the sin we still struggle with) more clearly.”
Happy birthday! We wish you, Aimee & Chloe were here to celebrate with us!
Readability is my new favorite iOS app.
Great set last night buddy!
Getting final copies of our new music by the end of the week. Hopefully America can handle it.
Who wants to start a bare knuckle boxing club? Handlebar mustaches and all.
You may only be one person to the world
#Colorado, come out and meet us at the #GapYear Fair in Boulder tonight at the Peak to Peak Charter School, starting at 6PM!
Everything happens for a reason. Everything.
sometimes its necessary to stay up way too late the night before a show
Dan Simon is following me now!
BEARS NATION!!!
Ever had someone snap at you out of the blue & you're so shocked that your eyes well up with tears? Yeah, THAT was my day.
what's fish ?
yeah he was a dummy for that one!!
I am asking the panel what they would think of an application process for extended bar hours.
Omgg i just love this: O.o hehe
Hek Yeah! plays Thursday evening at yours truly! If you haven't checked out this terrific band, here's your lo-and-behold chance!
How do you think we guys feel, being libeled as irresponsible oafs? Though, granted, I *am* an irresponsible oaf....
Nice try, but this won't fly. Makeup -even with an SPF- doesn't provide your skin the kind of protection sun block can.
“: Only I can fight with my siblings.. if you lay a finger on him/her... you die!” yep
That's an outstanding piece by
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Joel Anthony
.....nah cupcakes have icing
Now I HAVE to see it--like slowing down near an accident, I guess!
are you at the trampoline warehouse in tigard. if so i'm jealous.
There is nothing wrong giving a person their full "props" (aka: proper) too include your yourself. Dont need others to validate U, Ajax Avan
Thank you! We have been busy swirling up refreshing treats all day! Wonderful welcome from Mandeville!!
Need to get editors to love the CMS to want to use it - We're loving the insights on user adoption
what you been up to
congrats and thx for your follow!
Once you start fighting kids the same age as you own son it's time to retire
Rep operative Brian schimming tells Americans for prosperity crowd at alliant center that walker "ain't backing down."
RT : DSU's touring the new office in the DiGiorgio center! The new building is gorgeous!!
What service Sir! Thank you!
Anyone here that strange whistle/siren like sound this afternoon in San Diego? It was very loud & could be heard for a few minutes twice.
I'm sorry but Gary Busey's jokes about Bret Michael's aren't funny to me....what a loser....;
Grand slam Votto. WOW. ANOTHER walkoff grand slam today.
Having landlord named Bob Seger is odd. Gives u opportunity to say "Bob Seger is fixing my toilet today. I think he'd rather be in Katmandu"
Thanks to my colleague for such a warm welcome! Looking forward to exploring academia through twitter!
“Tool Is Loot” will be performed Thursday through Saturday and Sept. 29 through Oct. 1 at Kitchen NYC
Happy Star Wars Day twitches! May the fourth be with you!!
's Pobo on Capitol Hill Wed 5/9 for #a4aChallenge. I.S. 318 afterschool chess program just lost its NY city funding
I'm good w/both boyd observation and the suggestion to delete (tho deleting Tweets is pretty hard.)
However, it will skew the ratio in your favor, thus greatly padding the number of people you are allowed to follow
Well, that persons aren't real mahomies u know? Because he's trying to make us happy, and he's working so hard for us (cont)
#nlt China Love. Janet Jackson
i'm free!
haha yes but not INCREDIBLY:)
is this a proven fact? I mean I've taken more pictures since I've been single.
Happy....Talk Like....Shatner Day!
Oh I bet!!! Enjoy your health haha :)
Happy Veterans Day to all who serve! We are GRATEFUL!
Come On people! Show some love and follow me! :D
I had a great time visiting with the College Republicans at my Alma Mater, Hofstra University, and speaking with Nassau's future leaders
I found Wicked the musical much more upbeat than the very dark Wicked the book.
Ive always been here for you, but one day ill be gone because i cant keep waiting.
i Think I fell Asleep On her Last Night !
What are your opinions on the use of supplements, such as omega-3 fatty acids, for ADHD/ADD?
that's exactly what I sent you
What an incredible turnout & show of support on Saturday night at our 2nd Annual Italian Dinner & Dance. We raised over $15,000. THANK YOU!
I've never seen a city work so efficiently to fuel hatred from the community towards peaceful protesters. Propaganda is powerful.
I just got a belly piercing. It's a mistletoe, I don't want any confusion on where I want your lips this Christmas.
hahah nice!!!! Put him in his place!
Sipping a 2007 Anthos, Azienda Agricola Matteo Correggia: light-bodied, intense nose of violets/lavender with pomegranate, cherry and anise.
#WHENIWAS16 I HAD MY FIRST RADIO INTERVIEW !!
sorry , i forgor this was laurens twitter
Come watch all the games at www.howtowatchhockey.com live online enjoy!!!
yeaah buddy. Hope u had an awesome workout. Night dude:)
I could not have said it better.
Holy moly Kobe is absolutely going off right now! (Minus that blown lay-up)
They tried to explain it to her as best as possible.
Well done for your Second Season and your Festival nomination!
Jason Bay
Why, oh why do people have pets +/- children whom they are unwilling/unable to properly look after? Take charge of your lives people!
Definitely! I'll make sure there are enough pictures of my personal destruction.
Was that the best 20 mins of college basketball all year?
I want to be just like Maggie Smith when I grow up--a crotchety bad ass
what color was it?
I still maintain Taylor Swift was made in a lab on account of how perfect she looks physically.
good tonight babe! Love you! 😘😘😘
<3 whatever. What can I do?
watching you guys at bamboozle...
phenomenal job last night, but who were the creepy old dudes hitting on you afterwards?
so noble of you. #exbff 💔
Just watched the Ting Tings on Saturday Night Live. Umm. good cowbell.
got to get ready now, wonder if i really am going shopping :o
This would have made a great April Fools' joke. MT : Effective 4/1/2012. PACER fees increase from .08 to .10 per page.
is my new LOVE and I shall marry <3 ;)
Cheers to Football Friday here @ our office. W/ a Superbowl inspired lunch & some ice cold beverages, we're already celebrating the weekend!
Hey that's neat. I've never been on Storify before!
#dhsi2012 colloquium schedule is shaping up. Some really great papers in store!!! Can't wait for June!
So we've got with and with
In whose world are the "Girls" middle-class? Let's be real. I'm probably middle-class, which means my parents have no money. Being literal.
As long as you end your year happy and start it happy is all that matters<3
& SHOULD DO A MIXTAPE WITH called #DIFFERENTER PROBLEM GANG
I'm done cyber bullying
Laura, I recv'd your email - thank you. I hope does get lots of sleep this year. Glad to now follow you on here.
Thank you! Tweet you soon!
I'm kind of really sick of being called "Faggot" All the time. It's seriously stupid.
I really want to strangle this kid right now.
that is too funny....lol LSD
thanks lady!! hope to see ya around soon hulahula princess
and these $5 Pizzas from Little Ceasers! #NomNomNom RT What's nuts is that LeBron should be accepting his 4th MVP right now.
Is your wife a Gate gal, too? I could never get my guys hooked... That would be my dream guy, tho! hahaha
hahahahahaha!... ah that made smile and laugh quietly.
I love making your day better , when your feeling down or having a bad day
don't be too sad. We'll have the video up on the site after the conference!
Yes Absolutely, we'll be posting up the collection on our Facebook Catalog this week but all of it is now in our stores
Hello again to all my friends..
RT : WORD. RT : Hair should be completely dry before you flat-iron it.
Just realized I can go to La Condesa for lunch anytime I want to...
Thank you all for the birthday wishes!
There is a fine line between a numerator and a denominator.
wdf dark u made me waste my 200 tweet by writing kristen is not bi haha so funny (not) YAY ITS A small CELEBRATION
Today is a great day... hug a friend or your partner today....
Varney: "There is no market for privacy." How to protect what we see as a basic right in the face of business.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
“: Hahaaa...I don't f*** with hoes. Wait, I do. I do f*** with those” we blow hoes, no, hoes blow us
And snow it begins...
I can see my gym clothes from bed....mimosa anyone?
Come get it smackn with me and bird on the hill down crawford at the rent office.Starts at 7 ends at 11 its 2dollars to get in.
A beautiful, seductive move by Kobe Bryant. I WISH WE HAD !!!
I love dog feet!
RT “: Success begins with a good feeling about where we are and a positive attitude about where we want to be. -I. Vanzant”
GREAT MORNING
Dead girls are skinnier.
Thanks. By my reckoning I am the ONLY research manager ;-)
Okay! I know I said I was going 2 bed but, Ugh! ... It's hard when you're a insomniac :-(
A classic. RT : "83" Cocktail of the day, bloody Mary, vodka, tomato juice, tabasco, worcestershire sauce.
Congrats 's! Awesome intro to win, great speech too! , that was an awesome pageant!
lol aw shut up i was just playing
Philly Philly
To many good #tvshows going off the air
idont!!! Take me to prom. Lol. Worst comes to worst we could buy eachother corsages..hehehe
Love based on a lie or in love on a One way street ?
hey miss thang
I cant stop thinking about how much i hate you, but then u look @ me with those brown eyes an i cant hate you any more. i really do love u
It's so cold outside...thank goodness I'm in the club with a heater
Fuck I hate when my tweet is perfect but it has a typo :(
Beauty comes from within.
I started it on Friday and finished all 3 by Monday lol
i want a pet sloth 😍
I used Blogger in the past and moved to Wordpress. My recommendation is to use Wordpress, I'm very happy with it.
Courage Alone Eclipses Your Will To Try
About to lay in bed with trevy, love cuddling up to muscles ;)
Maybe its me but im Tired of being #TeamSingle Its NOT fun... :(
YAY!!!! You're on Twitter!!
Feel like I did great on my apush test
Happy Birthday Sister I Love You
That moment when u hurt urself really bad then a few seconds later someone walks in and u try to play it off best as possible haha:)
it's pretty rad, right?
SexTip: Kiss cuddle and tell her how wonderful it was - Make your partner feel wanted.
Our lives become silent the day we become silent about what matters the most.
I out-wrote an author? ;) Awesome! But wait... does that mean we'll be waiting longer for your next book? O.o
Here's a special shoutout to everyone who supported our new collection so far! Thanks for all the orders this weekend
Want to bring your family out to the Austin Toros game Saturday night? My treat!
Eat Your Greens
And we love you!!!
We can't wait to get there!
We'll send an email soon!
#WarpedWednesday continues with and
At the movies watch the Avengers!
Madison Square Garden is playing John Denver right now to celebrate the WV win. Wow.
Possibly the most beautiful tweet I've seen - even if I have no idea what it says!
I will! I haven't had a good sleep in like 2 years because of so much homework.
Fuck you stupid phone!!!
My mom scored two tickets to the New York City Ballet at SPAC. I'm so freakin' excited.
I often quote myself. It adds spice to my conversation. George Bernard Shaw (Love it! LOL)
go team Joe Jonas! That's awesome.
congrats bigga. Keep busting dem heads!
Thai Kitchen has the best panang in Anchorage!
#Ladies the more you express your pleasure verbally during sex, the more you make your guy feel like the man of the universe.
^_^ 3 more days. W00T! :3 I can't wait until my birthday :D
Way to represent RT : Last morning off to a great start #growco #upsgrowco with Wexley School for Girls
This bagel is giving me Hagerstown flashbacks.
Fiesta Fridays ;)
I want one of the Heathers to yell cornuts!!!
have fun boii
He'll do just fine in Lawrence.
The only thing drastically missing in life right now is a kitten.
Ole Miss literally just threw the game away.
That's so cool :) I'm just buying #MakeItInAmerica song on iTunes. I'm glad tweeted me. :)
It's getting dangerously close to the 0 degrees in California this weekend :( ... And yes, I'm still operating in Celsius. Whatever.
oh wait - you don't follow me anyway LOL! Guess I'm safe from your unfollowing brigade.
Promoters, email booking information and show offers to:
Thank you... But no, thank you!"
i close my eyes and ignore the smoke
congrats...good luck onward
aw sweet! Have fun! I used to do that with my sisters' kids. Being an auntie is great fun!
RT : We have lots of great deals coming your way this month! Stay tuned...
Can we all just not watch the #Oscars this year? Would that actually change anything?
Simon Thank you for using the hash tag #mrgasn please let us know how we can help promote your market research goals T...
where in MN are you guys?
I think triple h was driving that truck
Ur right, but in some cases, there IS proof (i.e. confession, video evidence, most DNA, etc.). In those cases, then it's debatable.
going to see Bruno again!!!
oops i did it again oh babay babayyyyy
Comedy mix tape super hilarious bro ridin wit a hoe named shonda in a broke down Honda
Can't believe I haven't seen you all day.
« Happiness is not based on your circumstances, but on a decision you make.»
RT : TODAY: Join me & at 12pm ET for our May #ynpchat! Topic: Working Across Generations.
Having breakfast with the in-laws in LA, then driving back to SD in time for a BBQ with friends. What a beautiful day!
Hello there. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
There are several who joined today that Twitter cannot locate. Hints on what i can do?
wet weather bday bar party!
In honor of Memorial Day, Southwest Airlines is giving military personnel priority boarding, after business travelers.
We will DM all the winners. Be sure to follow !
This day has been so chaotic. Only one more class left!
School was Great !
yes! Lol I'm tryna go!
I need some new music. Don't recommend Justin biebs or One Direction. I already have all of their songs.
I'm probably gonna do #organic grass fed beef twice a week & Salmon, fruits & veggies for a majority of my meals.
Congregational Preschool Craft show went well made booth fee & a liitle. This was its first year, nice people had some great snacks also.
RIP Nate Dogg
surely must know of some actual conservative scholars (you know, academics, the kinds with PHDs) who could play devils advocate
#WrestlingMachine vs. the #ShowStopper Pure artistry only in the
yeah we'll provide the army for moving in those new tanks if you supply the beer. :)
Your moms a whore
Im back in the U.S!! Finally!
i'd probably get super lost if i lived in portland, but i'd live their anyway, so ya.
THAT IS EXACTLY MY PROBLEM. well one of them
DVD players have shorter lifespans than goldfish.
good god this is a soap opera
Acting crazy on oovoo with
I've figured it out. I want a relationship based on weekly hugs and dinners out and daily mutual internet creeping.
Olson: I can say things our Venezuelan colleagues can't say because they have to go back - gov can make life difficult for academics
Doing a great job documenting queer music.
RT : thanks so much for the mentions. Have a great day! < you too!
See you soon on the corner of India and Cedar! 4 PM.
SIT DOWN IN YOUR SEATS AND BE FANS! TAKE THE PAIN!
Much appreciated! Better things to come. Excitement all around at
“: "uh ma'am you dropped your kool-aid" HAHAHA. 😂 ”hahahah in food lion
Well if you want me to go then I'll go. And if you ask me to leave I can leave.
Tonight at the P&H ItchtHeart,pineappleExplode and 3 other bands!! NO COVER!
What's happening in Capitol Hill tonight?
Mississippi state spelling fail. twitpic.com/6lgdzt
Why he block u and call u a stalker?
Height: 396 lines 432, how about you?
For running on no sleep I'm in a pretty good mood. ^-^
I saw your little brother sketching on his bike td by Salem ridge, he was killin the st Hugh shirt
We kick the party off at 9pm TONIGHT! Come celebrate your Saturday night by dancing all night with us
&quot;New Advances and Contributions to Forestry Research&quot; eb. by ...
dad is a straight up G he knows how to speak Jamaican
I've heard nothing but great things about The Walking Dead. I need to get into it.
jealous of that cast, I would kill to be in something directed by you!
JoeShow thanks you (from the past)
same hear and i hope you all the very best in the coming year.
Belated thanks for the #FF acknowledgment!
good morning. :)
I appreciate it man!! We're a rare breed.
nice i have 65 or something... anyways thibault mite be mad and isnt he ur frend
ALERT:SEASON LOST":Players report in for preseason in a few days,the journey they are about to start will finish in November"
Tata (M) is LJ over Kell'd (R), calls it after getting shellacked right at the start of her scoring run, 79-57 (R)
I had a date tonight. For all the anxiety I suffered beforehand, it turned into a wonderful evening.
I wish it was this easy tmw ": Just remember, when you wake up in the morning, you'll have nothing to do but watch hoops ALL DAY LONG."
ALERT; GOSY is our new alert
School Library session in Rm360 #EdCampPhilly ah, my people...
I hope The Avengers starts a Shawarma craze. I had that stuff in Saudi Arabia in the 90s and LOVED it. Haven't had it since.
Speaker:Presented by Mike Volpe, VP Marketing at HubSpot
y'all keep DRT!
yeah cuz I'm never on but I got my sis blackberry so it makes it easy to access so I'm on now.. And I can say whatever ...
shan's niece.
my tailgate is your tailgate--come early, come often--we're there every home game. Probably going to a couple of road games, too.
Didn't watch the #TVD finale.. Catching up on previous episodes but my heart broken for Klaus. Wahh
I met someone who works with from at #pla12. i love my small #library world!
Two jobs + school =staying busy so I don't have time to think about the things I don't wanna think about
Yo ! Can you DVR the whole NBC Thursday lineup? It's those good good Office and Parks and Rec Finales tonight.
This is pretty funny!
Rehearsing. Don't know why we're playing Christmas music on break? Lol
Bon Iver are FUCKING TERRIBLE. No more shitty AC 80's retreads. It's time to move on people.
Wow Fausto, way to bring your "A" game.
Gretchen Wagner of : Range of collective actions available for us to take. We need to work together - and get funding...
Shocked and saddened to hear about Japan's 8.9 earthquake. Donate $10 to the Red Cross to help by texting 90999. That's it and u've helped!
hater :C
SOLD OUT! "Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence” #PENFest12 on Christopher Hitchens's essential voice
It'd be nice if I had someone reliable in my life.
My thoughts exactly.
Bitches think I'm all insensitive and shit! Bunch of tricks!
Far from all banking stocks are DN after the JPM shocker. Wells Fargo, PNC, KeyCorp and BofA among those UNCH or UP.
he said thank u (:
I loved it too. I laughed and I cried. So good to see them on the big screen again
We got news for ya Kansas City! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
Appt was at 2pm. It's now 3:24pm. PCP is not returning my calls about sending me somewhere else..I'm seriously thinking about leaving :/
I was just there! Picking up some habanero lime tortillas, naan, cranberries, spinach, you know, the uzh.
GAY PEOPLE GIVE ME A REASON TO SMILE WHEN IM DEPRESSED.
m you guys are delicious :3
thank you!!
- He should take it back and roll with P-Town's own Suga Free!!
Come on in sometime and I'll make sure we get you a deal. Just remind me that you're the 100th! Thanks MAN!
8th grader + algebra 1 + Turkish teacher = 💤💤💤💤💤.... I was soo close to passing out that it wasnt even funny😳
I can't wait to finally move away from this desert.
"Perhaps time's definition of coal is the diamond." - Kahlil Gibran.
i'm ready.! RT: im so anxious and excited for Tour and the dates ant even out yet.. lmao
What Junior Seau passed away? If my full time job didn't get in the way I'd be able to know these things much sooner.
thanks buddy!
HAHA i hope you get a case of the runs!
RT Are you following yet? They might give away a Galaxy Nexus on Thursday. I hope IT'S ME!!
#HCD = human-centered design - very much in line w/yr "start w/audience, understand their problems & context & values"
nah man. She lied. Lol
You are the man!
yep, it was tons of fun last night, thanks to both of you for hanging out! Will have to do it again soon.
Women are like old school t.v's, all you have to do is smack them really hard on the side for them to start working.
#raw10 U r Ghetto: if the Church u go 2 is connected 2 a Liquor store. After ser. u went n bought Hot Cheetos, 40oz MGD, Blunts, Honeybuns..
I'm twice your age, is it cool that I'm a fan?
Oh my lord, Jeff Buckley is amazing. Just listened to "You & I" for the first time. Haunting and beautiful.
are you ready for babysitting class???
Never wanted so badly with
Haven't seen since the beginning of the year!!!
I forwarded this to my daughter who works in Cape Town, and her friend there who works in social entrepreneurship, thanks!
I used to read my case studies on Kindle but midway thru quarter they became loaded w/ DRM. I feel like a legit user being punished
Like this status if you preferred Dalton with his beard. </3
you r my hottie of the week.
Thank you again for all the #support Our followers are awesome!
Happy Anniversary & ! Two of my favorite people on the planet. (my avatar pic was taken at your wedding...so I'm told)
Which is better? #smashwords or KDP select?
Appreciate the #FF - thanks!
clown nigga using my dudes 3 year old designs. Clown
The play is officially over......
U have to check out it'll warm yer heart n make ya laugh!
Gas for car and mower, check. Mowed yard, check. Laundry, check. Dinner, working on it.
would like to know more about ur plans for a coffee shop.
my senior quote RT I was wearing new jeans today and have just realized I went the whole day with the sticker on my leg..
5 angry justices do too. RT : Twitter Poll. Does anybody but believe non-breathing entities are people?
Portland folks! Yes I just said folks...I'm opening for R5 featuring Ross Lynch from Austin & Ally! I'd love to see you there :) monday!
major letdown.
Dress up day
DIYpsi is at the Corner Brewery til 8. They have Espresso Love Breakfast Stout!
RT : True but I like to keep the clippings. :)
I hope someone who doesn't know it's Floyd Mayweather tries to pick a fight with him in jail
"When I'm around you, I don't feel ugly at all." "That's because you're not." ❤
Thanks for being our fans!
Any predictions for which opponent(s) Browns will face in their national game(s) in 2012? Schedule comes out tonight.
I wish a nigga stop wearin polo drawers wit a pair of WRANGLERS,#noswag#
#11ThingsAboutMe I changed the hashtag 'cos I'm too lazy to do them all, lol. Time for some homework. -_-
yeah! Moto & cowboy boots work best. I whip it out like a switchblade.
Doors opening and goals falling into place.
HOW IN GODS NAME CAN YOU CALL THAT A STRIKE?
In omelette heaven ...great brunch!
Haha. I did that when I was half asleep loool. My other options were weird and I saw that thinking it was the other thing lol.
you haven't "fallen" -Michael just hasn't "risen" as far as you have to recognize you!
but yeah, I'm thinking at the 4 spot. Scola would probably be sent.
Getting in the bath and turining into a lobster but stepping out into Antartica.
I saw you today
Ask - he's editing as we speak. Will release ep 1 soon then on to raising dough for eps 2-5 on Kickstarter!
Im a fashion expert :P lol
i'm glad they didn't have twitter during the depression because all the thweets would be so depressing, be like, i have no money
That's exactly what I said when I saw that!...it makes me ashamed to drive one lol
We can't wait for 's New Album Now@ Itunes
I am not down cause of the weather and I am smiling. Sorry no golf for you. Have a good day tho!
Great meeting today
where u at
We have a megaphone! WOOT!
I said that to Will after I last saw him in Rent...
Kurzweil: Everyone in the room is already enhanced by computer technology.
There's a reality show starring Bronson Pinchot FYI.
And here is our fabulous May lineup for Broad Ripple: Jason Canning, Nate Bargatze, Pete Lee, Karen Mills, Open Bra Night w/
I was on my bike all the way to work today....in the bed of a pickup.
I'm feeling great. Thanks for thinking of me. It's a beautiful day!
It appears the new head of the World Bank will be a Clinton puppet. Makes it easier for Hillary - she's looking sort of haggard.
glad business is good. Bummed you'll be missing opening night
Will wonders never cease!!
Be a Good Boss tip: "youve got a lot to offer & a lot to learn & as long as you remember both youll do all right"
Enjoying this beautiful afternoon on 103.7 KISS FM until 6!
#Colt #McCoy injures ankle, in boot
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dentek Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
What a gr8t day! 86 n sunshine n who says buffalo can't have a summer! Holler!
It's finally friday 🎉🎈get to see my boy In a few hours
the takeover is beginning....
Don't put your workout future in the hands of an amateur, workout with a pro!
THAT SMILE THOUGH
we look forward to seeing you soon!
did you ever get a chance to check out some tracks
RT Make sure your campaign sites & emails are mobile friendly, urges Check your traffic analytics.
Choice is not an accident.... BE CHOOSEY!!!
GOOD MORNING! :D ...i just wanted to let ya know i think YOUR AMAZING! and very Talented! I LOVE YOU!! (: follow me please!
Always hoped Memphis would win this series, but was sort of always resigned to the Clips after that pathetic first game
Wondering if heart emotion trump birthday celebration or if OK to turn into one big party?
Shots r going to suck wtf
With 10% of the season over the A's are the only AL team not to have scored or surrendered 10+ runs in a game.
you okay over there miss heat fan, your not rampaging in NY are you
So with all the great events this past weekend did anyone discover some new local places in Chicago?
Gooch is starting for Sporting Lisbon today. Currently its half time and they are down 1-0 to Paços de Ferreira.
Practice tomorrow..
Ah! Where are you off to for three months? Exciting travels, I presume.
u can get there bro!!!
You guys start trending #LiamNeedsMoreFollowers !!!! GO
