Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Hey...prayers to R Kelly..he is in Chicago as you know, and had surgery yesterday, just announced here locallay.
fur real doe bro --> Honestly man/woman that really happened and I couldn't believe it #GhettoTranslations"
some nice places will give you a shoulder massage and paraffin hand treatment. Place next to my office gives free champagne!
I LOVE One Direction, But that Niall is Defiantly my Favorite<3 he's Just So Cute (:
I'm married to such a dreamer. Always have to bring him back to reality. Good thing I'm crazy about him.
for sure :)
I go there all the time, but I'm in canton. There are no other close options I walk to except canton sq or royal farms
What grade is your daughter teaching in Hamburg?
seriously i dont think i can study anymore #honestly fuck it
if I did, it was unintentional. I don't watch Seinfeld
Am I the only one who thinks Peyton made a horrible decision going to Denver? Was San Fran not a perfect fit?
Glad to hear it. Thought you'd find hipsterville amusing....
Roll Tide!!!
There's nothing quite as exhausting as 12 hours at a hospital. Unless of course, it's 24 hours at a hospital. Sigh.
Perfectly timed w/ the #MadMen return, we're throwing a retro bash on May 17 at our new theatre.
He's so corny and cute, I like him lol :]
it's ok I'm just givin you shit lol, but I'm well just tryin to take over the world ya know
haha I feel like I've gained but today a friend who hasn't seen me since I was 135 said I looked thinner so...maybe not :P
there are ans in Dallas?
that would actually be quote amaing :D
We've received many questions on how to achieve a balance in life, so we'll use #puzhentips. Feel free to join the discussion!
We have added new video games to our arcade! Come in and win the best prizes in Houston!
pool is open (:
Oh Man... The opportunities that have been presented to me, are being SEVERELY CAPITALIZED upon... GOD is AMAZING....
Never laugh at anyone's dream. People who don't have dreams,don't have much
Why do you do this to yourself? Wtf
Our fans get it. Much love to all of you.
I'll go back on my other account - (:
Late night thinking about this one life, chances & choices.... Oh the things I want....and want to do.
Listening to on my drive home from work. Listening to "Whisper" right now. Check it out on iTunes and youtube
how can i help our veterans from my home please thank you
Why is it that when tv announcers say D-Backs it sounds like d-bags. I think its funny. Say it yourself. You'll see.
i may look innocent but do you really think thats true.?
Today in Blues History: Dr. Isaiah Ross recorded “Country Clown” and “Dr. Ross’ Boggie” in Sun recording Studios on November 29, 1951.
"Leaders must know where they are going if they expect others to willingly join them on the journey." -Kouzes & Posner, Leadership Challenge
Friday the 13th
Thank you for the link love re: FRG! Man, I love you.
RT : Our bags are packed. Looking forward to seeing many of you at the booth 320, Tim Lott is speaking Friday.
just watched shutter island last night man! I thought it was pretty good!
Some folks might feel threatened I guess, but many just believe it's immoral and that laws should defend morality.
#Rain #rain go #away #thats what all #my #haters #say. PrincessCiera
er, in torrance
Is it seriously possible to be as sick as I am. I thought super moms don't get sick. We work, we wipe, we bathe. We don't get sick, dammit.
aww, tell mama von philbinhausen I say happy mother's day!
Loving my hometown of #Milwaukee aka drunkest city in #USA but missing my Lawrence bros
Thanks 4 the Cuban intro class :D
Thankful QT : Thanks girl! Yours too! RT : cute avi!!
See you at ! RT : I am tags biggest fan!! I can't wait to see him in long beach..our first time @ that course!
Scientists concluded in a study that men who are under the influence, but not legally drunk, were faster and more creative then when sober.
Just beat in rock, paper scissors in front of people enjoying their chipotle, they stopped and applauded for the winner.
How's that ass holdin up?
...and tweeted about it at the same time!
Thanks for the mention! Did you like the show?
Need some new sounds
Just like these hoes for everybody oomf is for everybody too
yes! I'm going to be more active. I've been going through a lot this semester. I finally got my grades back from England!
just tuned in and so what my Seminoles are doing,and damn,that too freaking awesome.go noles.
Don't know yet, but probably. KJ safe, MM in jeopardy. Can't imagine WL will be the other one in jeopardy. Ugh.
Listening to the audio book The Greatest Networker that Ever Lived. Excellent book!
i want and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (:
#SometimesIGetsickof always being angry. .
RT : Still feeling the high of last night's concert! That was some good holiday cheer!
OH MY GOODNESS LUCKKKKYYYYYYY!!!!! :O
That's a good one. With works in progress, I always worry there's a scene I forgot to write down but think is in there.
aight im out.
#IWishYouKnew How much I miss talkin to you!
I own some those stocks, but all of them near their 52 week highs gives me pause.
Yesterday, I learned that tutus aren't just for the ballet. They are also for St. Patty's Day.
Not cool! It seems as if recovery takes longer now, unless it's just me being an IMPATIENT PATIENT!
Don't give up this lead!
u listent to those tracks yet
I'm tired tired tired!
I love me some Ace hotel, but they've gotten pretty stingy. so sneaky. They give ya $25, but ya gotta spend $100.
1st is the worst, 2nd is the best, 3rd is the one with the hairy chest and that sold the most songs on iTunes. Well done
just found out that i cant go home till next friday
Same here.
working on money
Yup, sure am... living in Old Regent. Have a good first day!
can't wait to see your #loveyou makeover tomorrow!
What's the best app for managing multiple twitter accounts?
At we've shifted from content creation to curation & interacting w/ audiences in the places where they are
Of course! The hair. My hair's too perfect. That's what it was. I feel better now.
I dont always shit in public but when I do I make sure its in a handicap stall
im not seeing the prestige in this stat!!!
hey - you're in LA? Drop by the CfA / open plans happy hour tonight 8-10pm at Library Bar!
oh my gosh I can imagine, where is that?
Ill even settle for waffles in the toaster 😒
. saved the US auto industry.....you're welcome
Those are some of the weird things I find on the internet. SMH.
riding solo
Vinson Neighborhood Library/Hiram Clarke really innovative. A gym and a library!
nothing much how are you
I live down here. WAY more to it, but the misinformation in beginning formed opinions. Cant debate this on here
#nplead One important aspect of a high quality leadership development is that there is constant feedback provided
cool .. no problem :D
Northeast Ohio wants on Cleveland's Late Night Talk show for Cleveland's station!
Orlando scares me...it's like drawing Crawley Town in the FA or Cardiff in the Carling...
I bet you can feel my glare right now.
Nokia workers followed Egypt lead & staged walkout protest over Microsoft deal but used flexi-hours to do it! Now that's people power!!
Piano practice to the MAX!!!!
We provide access to affordable, quality bikes to those in need.
I know... But yes I did get my daily oxygen ! Did you get yours ?
Kind of digging after using for some time. What Twitter client do you use?
Rx2you.com is focused on helping those in need with Prescription Assistance.
After hitting 9740 doors and making 1915 voter contacts this past weekend, we couldn't be happier to see Earl Ray Tomblin remain
« Boy on My TL so lame Smh»
Thanks for registering for #UMBCsocial. We look forward to seeing you at the unconference on 1/27!
If you have been able to see further than others it's because you have stood on the shoulders of giants.
'I just want someday for every citizen to be able to marry the citizen they love' - #winstonsalem resident on amendment banning gay marriage
5000 feet 10 miles and 4 hours later I am back in the real world.
Most relationships are like Rick Ross, they don't work out.”
Maura, are you going/at the SAA meeting in Memphis this week/end? Would enjoy the opportunity to meet & talk.
You know it's not a good day when u find yourself wanting to be working :/
Reason #1 why working for yourself is so great: when websites don't work, you can walk away and come back to it later. :)
lol....probably so
My daughter is taking me 2 c Mary poppens 2morw 4 bday. She said she thinks tomorrow will be the best day ever!
In the sequel they take their capers to Mexico
Yay it's Thursday..only one more day standing between me and the #weekend :)
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 46
free burrito from baja fresh!! print coupon out online =)
Fun afternoon at the Georgia Dome. The Bucs didn't win but they hung in there.
is awesome, but miss #superman on the bongos like
What's everyone doing today? I need a buddy for tonight.
I figured. Site says TBD but wouldn't make sense to randomly take him out.
Thinking you need to bring back some of the salmon scramble from the #currentbreakfast !!
Today in 1867: U.S. Secretary of State William Seward reached agreement with Russia to purchase the territory of Alaska for $7.2 million
Damn blocked me.. she must of gotten mad after reading my tweets after I slammed her last night. At least she read what I said
Superbowl Sunday!!!!! What are you doing for the game?!
La Fin Du Monde!!!
Yay it was fun! You deserved it:) Next up viewing party!
i had to go on the mobile website (:
There are some people I just don't want to hear using the word 'super', like the president, or my gynecologist...
Oh, to write about cats or business...How about both? Happy Weekend!
are you still in k town?
Actually, the asparagus WAS pretty nice. #ohaustin = Oh Austin, you make me do strange things and like them.
North Carolina #brutal. You'll learn!
Newt, fellow Hershey Resident here. We met on plane to Hono back in 1999 or so. Still list that as #1 evt over 4.5M miles.
uh ohh... Is there trouble? I got yer back:)
consensus authorship = low lexical diversity... hmm
Casinos Internet - is it a scam?
Colin firth❤
Moon is a cold-blooded killer. No two ways about that.
Don't play brown eyed girl in your cover band...
To achieve greatness, sometimes that envolves bringing out the best in one another.
Who's watching Clips/Thunder? Excellent game! Who's ready for some ?
You're so welcome! =)
getting a paper cut on your toe >>>>>
Hahaha my older brother thinks he can hit me BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME DUMBASS I can freakin deport ur ass back to Honduras 4 hittin a minor >;)
Instead of focusing on my training for the CFL I should've focused on my acting! Robert Downey Jr is makin over 50 Mil on Avengers 0_0
Off to Kyma again this evening for dinner - looking forward to another great experience
Hope everyone is having a great weekend! The sun is shinning! Here in Seattle, that's like a free drug!
Thanks for referring us!
#FF on Sunday
Turns out Charles Barkley HAS won a chip. He just keeps it on his shoulder.
did you really just break up with over twitter....
that's the name of my pillow pet ! #ReallyThough. ": Your mom"
are they guys?????
There it is!
AH!!!! IM SO FOLLOWING THE SHIT OUT OF HIM
During a video game guy doing back flips and stuff person that doesnt know what they r doing pressing random buttons staring at the screen
awww any places that are must see....first time there in a week
Yup, agreed. And it's not like I don't get it. They are almost 40 years old and 10+ years removed from that music.
don't cut it :o
I predict the email I just got from is the best - and most important - email that will grace my inbox all week. #kickball > work
It's called Sarcasm Bitch!
I blame mc hammer and silk the shocker lol
Rondo today has the first 20 ast / 17 reb game in NBA history.
Is it unamerican to hate ketchup?
My cats nickname is Romo Lol (:
TRAFFIC ALERT: Head on crash w/injuries at Hwy. 51 and Gray/Town of Windsor. Hwy. 51 now TOTALLY CLOSED in the area. Use alternate route.
So sorry! Can they tell you why? Did they ever test your antibodies? My RE does not do that; but I just asked for it this time
if you like iOS appearance, just download a different like golauncher and customize it to your liking!
Started reading Penelope Lively's Family Album. I want to live in her words.
A5: Yes, unless you have wealthy parents who are willing to hand down their empire.
LMAO! We Can Have Sex The First Night Fuck it YOLO . But If U call Me Talkin bout U Pregnant Its YOYO !!You Own Your Own
Ed Sheeran. That's all that needs to be said.
I put the hug in thug.
I'm convinced NBC pre-cancels shows before they ever air, to fill space until they create another Office or 30 Rock.
I'm really back on Twitter and Santa has already messed up. Michele Bachman got a Cars 2 racetrack and some kid in Iowa got 10 point bump
did you mean that men fall in love with their cars?
Had a dream where I was a waiter serving a burger in which the bun was big slices of summer sausage. Awesome idea, or REALLY awesome?
like to hear how Tilestream works for you and what OS you used. That's my next project.
my roommate would kill me
Have fun at the game ! Tweet us a picture from your seats!
Man that looks so good !!!! Save me one
You must be so proud
Purple City All Day!!
it's one of them.
Bitch wasn't in the gym shooting jumpers with me
Hi jennifer i like avril' she is so cute .
very true but if you're already doing od triathlons then youre halfway there!
I love pot.
NEVER SAY NEVER! AMAZINGG!! I LOVE YOU
I can't believe how amazing your tweets are :DD
that's what all my paychecks are going to ! I'm so excited :D
apc power control: water leak detection system-server room- data ...
:o lies.!! He didn't tell our group who the group leader was. Lol
#AbusiveBoysIKnow cuz he hit linda wit a midget cane...jkjk lol i know it was a "accident" doe bt i wda made yhu pay me like 10
my son pointed out that #dwts played 2 songs in row from animated film, "Flushed Away." Is it movie theme night?
Helene only slightly.
Welcome to Twitter and back to ! We missed you - and in general!
#Vegas, What is the craziest thing you've done on #StPatricksDay? :)
nopeiwouls see it if it were here in la!!!
Mention this post at the Cow tonight and get a tasty $5 rita! Giddy Up!
dear, lil wayne.. get your shit out of zumiez!!
good cause I'm off then too 😁😁💃
thanks! - they LOVE the snow.
that user pic is sort of incredible. Lamb?!
It was so foggy I couldn't find the school so I turned around and went home.
First OJ and now Braun. Love it!
#suWoO To ThE
I did, and the Cider Island!
We won't lose viewers after all! MT : Randall Terry no longer running anti abortion commercials during Superbowl on GJ air
on a party bus right now getting boozed....go g-men
Twitter slams top five spammers with legal suit for selling tools that send out spam tweets and clog up its network.
I have now B-Day me 15 :)
WHY does my boyfriend insist i look like Kate Upton and WHAT can I do to ensure that he doesn't ever change his mind?
Have fun & bring me back a baby ketchup
here's a solution for Strikeforce: make an 8 man Lightweight GP. Enter Eddie + Gil (3 fights) on opposite sides of the bracket.
if I hear him say one bad thing about that show... I'll move his whole room into the second floor bathroom
Thank you for helping break down doors for other African American gay professional men. Your message is uplifting!
are you sure pearl?
lols no you silly!
Agh!!! Why would you use non-UTF-8 characters in a web-only database? It will be OK...
this only solidifies how much I hate the new england patriots
cool(: haha soo what are you doing?
Both twitter and facebook are blocked at my school. I agree twitter is the best for personal pro dev. Would love to use it
gesundheit! Bless u!
Other than me not tweeting very much lately, I don't know why you wouldn't see them. I didn't block you kids...
How does AZ match up to FL for #SpringTraining!
I'm going to see Bruno, you know?
major problem of teaching staff we dig is the conviction that all the things are unbearably cool and must be covered.
It's Tuesday, great day for an Ahi Poke Salad, Kangaroo Tataki, and a Sake Sushi roll Come see for some magic.
Happy 100th Birthday #FenwayPark. Here's to another 100.
Early morning hustlers get the goods first.
I've resigned myself to the fact that I am getting a cold. Going to try some NyQuil and coma sleep tonight to knock this cold out.
: Come out to the Ritz tonite presents the MARS BAND Sewells Point Rd. 6138. We playin live music FREE NO COV ...
Could never forget you sexy :)
Will today be Frank Spaziani's last day ever affiliated with Boston College? I sure hope so!
"An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities." -Yogi Tea
Working on a presentation but lacking the inspiration for it.
If the Pacers are going to make a move over Heat it better be tonight.
#sleep what is that?
Ill check in the am fam RT : how many spins we getting and which one everyone is fucking with?
The sleet is now coming down hard. Probably won't be long until the power goes out. At least we have a low-tech Simpsons jigsaw puzzle.
Don't speak to the man at the wheel. 責任を持つ者に対して口出しは無用。
Whoa! I didn't know there were 2 to be had!
Thanks MM!
So many great things happening at the end of 2011 and I'm really looking forward to helping even more clients in 2012!
Feed milwaukee holiday gala at turner hall tonight. Doors open at 7
hope all is well, follow back so we can DM
#jjewels is amazing. I can't wait!!:)
you are the GREATEST
Thanks for the RT! are you on AIM?
When does #TurnToYou come out I the USA?
Ring ring rick ross ft future..
A.M. swim in the rain...
you dont go to sleep
lmfao, omg, you would have me throw myself off a building for a panda? you're okay with that? bitch. lololol
IFTTT Triggers Loyal, Nerdy Following
Haven't watched one NBA playoff game smh
:D Love your tweet!
Shower time...
I need to get serious with this music thing
...i see you creeping....givee it up ;D
Cutler, Bennett Touchdown Bears!!!
Awe thanks!<3 and sorry I haven't tweeted you in a few days, Ive been really busy.(:
I wouldn't bother they probably won't even give you the play time because it's all politics and shit it's if your known or not.
awe thanks!<3 your so nice!
Today's #TakeTheSpring #Apr7 rally shows has matured organizationally while maintaining it's spirit. A true rarity. Bravo!
Not at all. I get off from watching. I enjoy all aspects of sex, including the visuals. And I like to maintain eye contact.
yes. just need those teeth (and funds and policies) behind them...
So I'm flying Minneapolis to Chicago, Chicago to Oakland, then Oakland to Burbank??? Who planned this flight?
Up doing laundry. YES I do my own laundry.
You must threaten to shrink his foam!
- the Obama Admin has stopped defending DOMA, and the IN Repubs have pulled their Right to Work for Less bill. Its a decent day.
I hate when I forget to start the washing machine!
Hope bryz zteps his game up tonight shaky the last couple of games
Starting #Singinintherain I could definitely use a good musical, here's hoping it delivers :)
the one night I fall asleep early for a test and I miss a live show from you :/, please do another Soon!
Stop winky facing me too ahah
"Decide what to be and go be it." -The Avett Brothers
Thanks for the follow !!
#ididnotreport because I didn't actually tell him no, there wasn't any penetration and it was kind of nice to kiss him. Still terrible.
Just got the house feeling a little drunk Work in the am -____- has fun tho
idk man. he is looking for some one who can make it to the shop w/in 30 min tops if they are called
Thanks for the RT, pretty lady! I appreciate you hanging out with me at the party! ;)
um I really don't kno
A fish dies by its mouth. ~ Mexican Proverb
100 Followers!Thanks to all that helped with RT.10th person to tweet "join the gang " gets a FREE TSHIRT only 1 tweet so far lol
i thank God everyday we can control our bowels
Good Morning LA! (oh and good evening UK!) x
Nice work and pissing off supporters by not letting RSVPs in at your #SXSW event. Glad I shoot #canon and post to
I'm trying to imagine...
it's because justin is there and let's face it, he IS incredibly appetizing
Snowing all morning. Meant to ride to the market but I have a good excuse not to now, right :)
Our Pearl Store turns 10 today! We're rewarding 10 customers every hour until 7PM! Stop into the PEARL STORE ONLY to win.
we also have like the most lefty batters haha. Matt kemp is a scary mf
Student ownership of mobile devices/smartphones is increasing 71%/year & they are overwhelmingly positive @ use of mobile devices.
I know this is a late congrats but well done #floweralley magic. And just to think a year ago it started in the 2011 Ashland
How about yourself, as a media creative what have you been doing?
Really interesting overview of coffee and brewing - hope they keep this up, it's great education about food.
So watch the Spurs or play GOW 2?
shouldn't you just let them win?
you made me feel better about my Bucks hopes every year on #TBJ today. Permanent letdown.
and for myself! Love them!!
I have seen more guts in eleven year old kids
well, actually, I think it was a couple years ago but thanks!!
Me too. He is an angry, irrational man.
Ooh, good choice! Godard can certainly be tricky. Have you seen Alphaville? The glory of Anna Karina!
Decisions decisions...
Typing incessantly while going 80, on the other hand...
What a relief it is to know for certain that budget airlines are equally wretched on every continent!
Good for you. Race is no obstacle if you don't beleive its an obstacle. Its America, you can be anything you want to be.
I love that I'm a Zumba instructor & that the instructor that started it all for me a year ago, remembers me in every one of her classes!
I dont know how you do what you do.. Im so in love with you
"Well they know how to spoil an old broad dont they?" - Betty White
“: You can’t change what has already happened so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.”
tonight house of blues going to see los lonely boys
Correction- Arri Alexa. Deakins says "Film had a good run."
I freaking love my man so much! He's the best :) nuff said
Woo! updated point total for team Brilliant Violations: 163. #D2L11 #BV (via )
like using sour mix when the menu says lime juice
yea I seen the lil sweater! Brook didn't look like it was listenin to your ass tho! Maybe next time in espańol
As much as we try to give ppl the benefit I have come to realize that some ppl are just dumb. Lol
your Virginian accent barely showed
Thankful for for leading my new member class next Sunday while I'm out of town.
Glad you liked it!
I'm officially signed with the Bicoastal commercial department!! I LOVE Greta & Niche!
Not to mention a possibly dropped Air Jordan cake.
22 people, if I just counted right...
- Use to send REAL drinks, shots, & cocktails to friends & even yourself! Best part is the drink costs $1.00
I have a dance showcase tom!!!! :D
Sorry I can't reply to all your guys DM's, twitter won't let me the last week!
" i'm an over achiever, so how about i start a team of leaders, and pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver"
Breakfast is the best meal of the day. That is a fact!
I guess you could say I'm in love<3
"Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles." ~Maltbie D. Babcock
#10prettypeopleIFollow um.. all of you guys! ;) <3
I am feeling a nap time
Thanks for the follow.
its really awful unfortunately. The joke here is "I was feeling lazy so I took my bike instead of metro"
Wine and Canvas LA tonight! At Jillian's Universal Citywalk!! Such a fun job! Love spreading creativity!! <3
yeah tensai has clown shoes so he cheats
stay safe guys!
Mom: Why'd you do that to your hair? Me: It's prom, YOLO man! Mom: *Poker face*
I wonder what happen...
“: Whoah, I think I found a fact error on a student's resume? Awesome. #j202” <<-- Fact error or creative copy point?
You know that scene in Greys where Meredith cooks for Lexi and no one wants to eat it? Yea...that is what it is like when I cook. :/
To the lady next to me at bob hope airport serenading our terminal with a dazzling rendition of Ah-ha's 80's smash 'Take On Me'... awesome.
Yeah, I was thinking about how I may never own a Blazers jersey if that happens.
Why am I so obsessed with the the secret life of the american teenager (;
not mine/can't share, but it was months on the X and Awesomeness on the Y, w/ milestones e.g. hiring and shipping. Fun graph
hey girl how are you
J. Cole.. On my way to a scrimmage.. Indiana v. Kentucky when i get home after it.
:) I will be back #forsure , u should join too RT : it was great to meet you also.
Tell me more Rufus.
69 degrees N Central Indiana N early March wow what a wonderful day thankful 4 every moment(even the crankiness of little one needing a nap)
*yawn* showed up to the tree playground and totally forgot to bring anything to do :P
com — Tomb Raider developer Crystal Dynamics announced today that Cory Barlog has become the newest member of its development team
Love new Spiderman lyrics: "I'm a 65 million dollar circus tragedy.." "I hope he doesn't fall...." what are they trying to say?
I am confused by the provincialism of this #ourpark campaign. Does DC want young professionals to go home?
Had to hook up tables mixer and vid set up, so many cables looked like I was building a damn bomb lmao
dumped dump dumped ha
"'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' Renewed For 3 More Seasons" #huffpost Proof positive: There IS a God!
Question: Why do YOU want to see online poker legislation pass?
RT : Business Insider: When you count the #unemployed, underemployed and discouraged workers, only 47% of the work force is...
After watching buried life I wanna do that!
Kinda wanna slide out tonight.....hmmmmnm
Grab your gasmasks
Quote of the day: "Awesome people are named Emily." - So true,
its 12:03 am here. HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY. :D
Hey Hon and how are you??
#DEFCON: good talk about capturing stray RF signals and data leakage. Easy and cheap, hippa implication.
"Stuffed cabbage" makes me giggle
Replace me
Picture?? RT : someone's trying hard to bring overalls back into style
Watching #cyberbully & I'm about to cry :(. My heart & prayers go out to anyone dealing with this <3
Nah, his baby mama was better looking :) RT Whew I thought I was the only one there for a bit lol
yum! Then you need to come visit me sometime! Ha. I'm not there tonight though.
Nearly every elem school teacher in KY would teach social studies.
indeed bro
Well in that case, I guess I'll be seeing you at the University of Michigan later this month.
Thanks for registering for #UMBCsocial. We look forward to great conversation with you and Rob M. on the 27th!
on the airplane on my way home :) i have great company :) umm an actor from Hunger Games? oh yea :) im having a great time :)))
txting my bf to give me a goodmorning kiss at school
Which is my fave of the contraband books? I'm reading Zinn's A PEOPLE"S HISTORY. Intense. All about the 1%. U?
This is heavy.
I need a lover. And a fighter. I need someone who will fight for our love. will you be that someone?
I just wanna move far away, and start over.
the reason to tweet at Gery is for the exact reason we are having this conversation. Only people that follow him...
Almost to 700!!
So it wasn't a stretch, you mean? lol
RT : Hey ! Some of us girls from are coming to the #biztimes expo on 5/17. Heard you're doing a seminar!
*stands in corner*
Long work week
Zayn is always hated on ppl saying he's a terrorist -_- well people say I'm a russian spy/terrorist just cause I'm russian japanese irish
nice tweeting shortcut. I am going to start scheduling tweets!
Ew retainers feel weird
IM THE BIGEST ROBERT GIRL(: #RobertsGirl!!!!
shut up! 
just did
I don't live in Australia, so I don't know why I need to know that. I'm not so mean that some1 would kill themselves over me.
White girl did you Violate the Collective Bargement Agreement!! >>> john Phipps told me
RT : Always love a great healthy cocktail recipe! "Green Sloshed: Organic Cocktails for a Boozy Earth Day":...
When I try & pinch you.. you run away like a little..... bahahaha
come on into safari cup coffee.....mention the tweet & get 50% off your breakfast sandwich & coffee
umm im friends wit him now my name is state_gurl14...i didnt know u had one. we not chattin now though
got alot of things to do
I actually wanna be blocked by some celebs like Lil Kim, or something. :) LOOOOOL
The top gets higher, the more that I climb
Why in the hell have a white guy in one of his pics -___- ew lol
Such a nice day
no prob c;
Through 11/30. The Capital Grille-Milwaukee is offering a special Wine & Dine Wisconsin Autumn Menu- $39 per person.
morning annoyance: because it took instagram so long to get an android app, my handle was already taken. I'm now jordanafp. blech grrrr.....
New York :) You? Why aren't you following me babe?
There will be no problem, as far as holding out on my end," Raji said. "I'm a rookie ...
And increase defense spending by 500% and protect the world for idiots Kim Jong IL and that clown running Iran.
Funk Master Flex!
These aren't my shoes :(
overheard chat that sums up the 1% - my wife went to Harvard, her boss went to Harvard, his boss went to Harvard, the CEO went to Harvard...
#OnlyAtConcordia will the power randomly go out.... KAY COOL! Does that mean going ohm early
The Ravens need to take the energy of the Pats fans and visualize it as their own.
thanks tejaaa :) how you been?
Wait is Cody Simpson dating Kylie Jenner?
Large Format Four Color Offset Press, Digital Printing, Screen Printing for T-shirts and Apparel, Large Plotter for Banners, Stickers, Sign…
4real i here everone says its borin.but who am i 2 judge i never had one aka. "my mom wont let me".
Live your life today and forget the unpleasant things that had happened in the past.
Old-style businesses won't be obsolete, they will actually be an crucial component of this new civilization.
teehee i liked josh's relationship status :P
you can totally do bikram! I like to switch it up between bikram and vinyasa, I like both a lot
The Difference Between A Boy & A Man Is A Boy Will Ask A Girl 4 A Naked Pic A Man Will Ask A Girl/Woman 4 A Pic Without Her Havin Make Up On
Happy to see you R in #ABQ tnite. I was at JWT in NYC & produced the Merrill Lynch spots you were in. Welcome to ABQ!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Just made a Cool Runnings joke at Ricketts and only a few people got it...sad day.
let's talk about this via text, cuz im gettin off hah
nope. Arriving into FTL today.
What's worse than being caught up with everything? Working ahead and then having to do it over because no one else is as efficient as you.
. Awesome work bud
signed them both[:
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 61
Check out The Real Triliogy I new video feat. Layzie Bone on Youtube
Although Grey's Anatomy&Private Practice are 2 of my fave shows ever, but I'm so behind on both I can't watch live. Have seasons on DVD tho.
measuring stick, that is in the mirror...and you have to be better than when you were the day before. From what you have
i was thinking about bristol or dega what the heck i might go anyway
Just because you hope He doesn't does not a factual statement make. The kindness part should be present regardless.
Will #mlanet12 work for instagram? RT : is there going to be an instagram hashtag for #mlanet12 or is the same?
RT Submit, Write, rework monologue and exercise. That's today's morning/early afternoon agenda.
I informed mom that FCD was normal for his age, but then I doubted myself on when it should be addressed. Thanks for the info!
Katie always gets stuck with the crazies like aunt Susan
best 4th quarter scorer...that's not choking...
maybe what they should of done is to have a GA section in the lower bowl in a top half of a section.
I dislike the fact that in 2012 we still focas on the color of one's skin. We should be so pass that.
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!! It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!! :) <33333
2 hours away (1:15 ish) for the Swayback tickets. Listen to Whip on Post 303 for details.
Off to read Catching Fire!(:
~Interesting!! Thank you!!
Our Pleasure!! RT : Thanks for following!
YAY AUSTIN FOLLOWED US (:
Liquigas Cannondale bike is very pretty. Very simple compared to a lot of them.
#ObamaSummerJobs - Algae Trainer
Thanks for the follow: RT #SCOPEBasel Pass Competition & get a #SCOPENYC 2013 Day Pass!
Every night before you go to sleep, think about the good things that happened to you that day. Sleep in appreciation of them.
\M/etal Up Houston Blood Tribe is coming to town 4/13 to destroy you all with MercenaryX
Start off December right with LOVE OF EVERYTHING, The Daze, and Max Dvorak at Coffee House in downtown Madison! December 1, ONLY $7
Follow for great Twitter advice.
too bad he can't pitch...
r u calling my butt big?? :) RT : anytime, anyhow. I'll ski up and down your soft Miami butts.
How could you go wrong with lychee martinis & ? Glad you & the ladies enjoyed your nights!
Co-founder of Pinterest is saying they are redesigning their profile page, and that should roll out sometime this week
Guess my audience for Jason & Lizzy is shrinking. My 5 year old is too young. Wonder if that means 6-10 or 7-9 year olds?
So amazing and inspiring!
you know what? that's it. I'm gonna say it. I think Dev sucks on
lol, i'm scared to ask my mom if she'll let me camp out.
aw have fun and be good!
Come on, catch one of these fuckers who are booing in a super close up.
just got some Stewie pajamas!!(:
unfortunately, no...
#ICantEvenLie I'm in love with you...but the sad part is you don't love me back
No one watches you to be 'only human'
Thanks for the follow Justin Menard (justinmenard)! :)
Have we mentioned that we have a tape machine now? We will be making things sound "warm" and "punchy" very soon...
seriously people...i'm not here to make your lives better...i need to make my life better(:
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
- Lots of loss for Oklahoma lately. :( Keeping his family in our prayers.
Ok, ok, you're getting warmer, at least you're in the southeast :) Please come to Charlotte, NC this year!!
hahaha the call me maybe song we remix it to "Follow us maybe!!" hahaha or we should talk about forks?
!! ": It's strange watching something we lived through not so long ago ... #GameChange"
Do you think WBC loves their children? Seems so strange, putting them in harms way at protests. Is that Child endangerment? Just curious .
God Has Blessed Me
Time to watch Halloween 1 & 2 the Rob Zombie remakes! Happy Halloween!
As of today I LOVE Ann Romney
Awww! is it Mr.right :D
Fly by night?
that's what I remember her from, too!
been meanin to let u kno that video touched me
will u be at tonights game?
RT It's times like this when I can't help wonder whether Lincoln should have let the South go.
Had SO much fun with you! Thank you for everything!! <3 Let me know if you need a dancer next time youre in town!stay beautiful!
The breakfast at the Hampton Inn this morning is a mad house!
I Kick The Niggas Out & Let Tha Money Stay .
I hatee the limit our characters in eachh post ! Loll I always have soo much to sayy in just 1 postl! Arghhh. Gotta limit my words.
i followed and liked your pages and everything :)
We ate at the Filipino buffet this lunch for just $6.99. So good! Miss my home..
I'm in tears LOL >“: Hey YOU! Yea YOU! I see u tryna fold up that colts jersey...naw don't be Tryna switch it up now!!!!!”
Peace comes in the shadow of faith.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
#E3onG4 I wonder If #UBISOFT made #MrCaffeine take a #DrugTest.? I think #MrCocaine might be a
RT “Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength”
No its Hill Valley although I cant imagine hell being much worse! MT : It's like we're in Hell or something.
Art by Tim Stapleton and confections by Pastrygirl -- it's the best First Friday ever!
me either until a few minutes ago. but from who posted it...it doesn't really surprise me haha
Without you
The people who remain somewhat popular after being on a talent show like Idol or X Factor are almost always disappointing.
its absolutely terrible how little we care..
I used to be a very foolish girl...I refuse to be a foolish woman sn: Oh what a fool believes.
My sign says THIS SLUT VOTES
Yesterday I also slammed on the best meal I've ever had at Ho Ho's =) Man I love that place! My tummy does too haha
RT : I've got a layover in Dallas on my way to California today. #anhourcountsright? // u should hook up w/ In CA
marvel comics made me a lefty
Let's Go Doyers
Tell me this wine geeks! Do you have a favorite...ehem, Malbec!?
Haha work for the city..
New schools listing website: Lycoming College, Gonzaga University, and Berry College
Ok, for the ppl who are "following" me or whatever, please help me figure this out, I'm just not getting the hang of it yet!
thank you love salute 💋
First snow
nah I want it in person cuddn so I can see yo face when I beat you ..
lol. I like that. I don't talk to nobody strangers when I'm drinking and having a good time. Excellent idea though.
K Day...I see you
Count your blessings #be thankful
BIG s/o to The album is DOPE!
#InstantTurnOn my future male model coworkers 😉 lol
oh okay :)
Lakers are doing it again.
Zombies and vampires are very closely related.
Bed! Big test tomorrow!!
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 of the plaindealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate for Cleveland Clerk of Courts
TY I think Phones are Down but Cell should work. Just not in the Basements. I am sure they r ALL ok ♥ Just WORRIED
Prez is here at SDG&E Energy Innovation Center selling tickets for our Clairemont Garden Tour & Expo. Stop by and say hello!
No, we haven't. As long as people like you are saying "Slavery was a long time ago, get over it"
If you're looking at my phone while I'm typing something, you may get elbowed in the face (it's gonna hurt).
Loll, so... i still love sports. If they had a REAL girls football team i would do that too.
,u out ther n iraq?
What's your #SEO doing for your business? www.upfrontconsultants.com. We thank you for your support :)
Dang bro. I gotta get three in a week or two.
Bow bow when she walk with that long silky hair u know she really down she wearin my underwear
bullshit. I also hear the solicitor general did a pretty terrible job of defending it. the liberal judges had to jump in to help
Thanks for the follow!
It's technically for the Senior class... but it's open to the public. Also, the weather is perfect for it.
Good to hear! Kisses to the kids! xox “: Lita Everyone is well. I was just checking on you haven't heard from you in a while.”
Simple Period 3.0 for iOS: Menstruation + Reproduction Tracking Calendar - prMac (press release)
it's depressing and disappointing right!?!/: Lakers are letting me down!!):
Spurs vs Jazz Game 2 tonight!
Thanks for the St. Pat's tweet! Hope to see you at the parade!
Did you enjoy a #meatlessmonday???
Laura Carlo on the air from this am waking up listeners and all of #ClassicalNewEngland! www.classicalnewengland.org
lmao... No I didn't ruin ur life I just CRUSHED them!!! Lmao...
Don't forget me, I beg.
S/O ALL DEM TWERULATORS!
What a F-IN nice day out in Portland
I dunno, the one you created seems pretty epic. Sets the bar high
this is why I love you kim<3 lol
Can't wait for gay wedding crasher season... hot chicks are SUPER easy pickins' at them joints.
Have fun <3
well..it looks like all the Tigers fans are doing a good job of raging already.
yes you are sexy as fuck too bella<3
She had to have, right? its causing major complications elsewhere in the materials budget, of course. my boss is not pleased.
RT ": S/O to my team everybody go and follow...ES party June 16th be ready!!!"
RT RT : On TEDxReykjavik in October I would also like to see Clara
Whose passing was announced at the March on Washington in 1963 ?
less than four hours until Harry Potter time! woo!
you're welcome
this may be true but can you bring it ???? and stop crying about your son and your man
Dont waste your tears crying over someone who doesnt even deserve to see you smile.
where you been THUG PASSION
Ack, did I miss an rsvp too?
I favorite tweets when I find interesting links in them, and use Pinboard to automatically save links in any favorited tweets
thanks stranger! Aren't you amused by my recent Twitter addiction? Ha!
good morning everyone! there's too much blood in my caffeine system, need more coffee ricky tick
The kids who cut today wasted a day on my opinion.
Thanks for the mention of the petition! Paul
do it
it says.jpg and the pic size limit is 700k....the pic i'm trying to upload is only 164k....
Heading downtown to shoot the tall ships---With a camera
Got the news yesterday, wife is going in for surgery Nov 2. Forgive me if I'm not very witty the next couple weeks.
i have had at happend you could get a refund if they didnt warn you about before you purchased the room
This cloud coverage is malarky. Where is my #supermoon ?
haha! Great idea! My goal is to b done by Christmas!
looks amazing!
Apple Announces Independent Factory Inspections
she does this awkward thing with her hands, and told me I'd stayed up all night without even cleaning my room.
Lloyd LJ of the EWCA rules on another KSF Ltd. case (here involving issues arising out of a segregated trust account): [2010] EWCA Civ 561.
dude. #thingsthatmakemesmh ...... GUYS.
hump day is where its at!
I never settle for less.
Something's getting in the way. Something's just about to break. I will try to find my place in the diary of jane.
Persuading Ethan to come out, yay
thx for rock's da runway!
here's just wanna graduate already and move out of their parents house.
is totally
Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go
During pregnancy workouts, focus on your back to prevent or relieve back pain, and yoga for your core. Check with your Dr. first!
- I love how they're acting like culture is going to change. This is football!! Sucks to wake up and find out like that.
I think I ate too many oranges today :O
GRAND OPENING: The Man Cave Barbershop $10 adult cuts/$5 children's cuts ($10 cuts year round for military & law enforcement) 770.864.2414
- thanks for a great time last night! Only problem was we didn't have much of a chance to catch up. Drinks sometime before Barr Bros?
stop spamming me. Youre so annoyig. You dont understand how much i DONT care if someone is saying bad stuff about me. Leav ...
I think the reason people love dubstep is because you can dance to it how ever you want. No Soulja, 2 step, Dougie, Wop. U just go bonkers!
I'm listening to "Deuces" by Chris Brown
Want your news published? Send a press release to via
sorry for any confusion...I'm way too wordy for Twitter. :)
Anyone falls in love sometimes, I don't know but you but it aint no crime. (Reggae joint)
But you gotta think, unless you're turning water into wine, Christmas must be the worst birthday to have.
“: Outback did suck!! We never go there and I won't go back.”hate OB!
"She likes Lil bitch ass thug douches" - Anonymous
I DM it to you
Go #Rangers!
I've been watching your videos all day haha
Mornin'! How was your Thanksgiving weekend?
The details are not the details. They make the design. -Charles Eames
I love you too, Gorgeous ;) you mean the world to me... Even when you act like a grandma :P sweet dreams baby
Do you keep your car in a garage or carport, or is it usually on the street exposed to the elements?
id love a copy of your presentation, it was really great! Not sure if I can DM you though..
So glad they brought this production to Chicago! You feel the SOUL! I bet LA would not have sounded this incredible!
- TY for responding to me. I'm a huge fan and love that you are doing this.
Getting ready to go to school *sigh*-_-
Follow my tweets! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
For fresh variety of news and news video please visit www.tncnews.com
GOOD WEEKEND...BACK ATCHA
ah man, I'm watching E.T. and something keeps getting in my eye.. like, dust or something. *dab*
Gravitate towards prosperous, cheerful, and gregarious people. Never associate with those who share your defects and weaknesses.
NHL and pointless fights
baking fresh bread between working on plan and #RedSox opening day game. & great client calls today!
all my new followers wasssup god bless!!!
Exactly? Exactly.
I didn't look that closely but it seems the attendance is still higher than the average Marlins or Indians game.
Dick Clark died?? I thought he would out life me.
I can't believe I ever thought beer didn't taste good. Cuz It is so refreshing!
oops I mentioned ipad on Twitter... now I am getting spam
i got it for christmas and from walmart :/
Dear students: no, I will not email you your individual grade. You can & should look it up on the secure site b/c email is not secure.
Ordering Physical copies of the album this week!!
Found a folder on my computer called "lifestyle passwords." Don't remember making it, but am curious about contents.
Excellent food & service at Central in Old Town.
grammy time. sup, tweeps?
And why did Wade look like he really was about to fight??
yeah we should :) btw your tweets are awesome <3
Cool you wanna ignore my call and turn your phone off? Two can play at this game. Off to bed! D:<
I will not let the devil steal my joy.
4 oz tubes of (WARM & COOL therapy) NOW available! Contact ur health care professional 4 samples or to purchase! Great gift idea
Ive found if you're the smartest one in your group your group is too small Find people who will challenge you to stretch to the next level
I supported Arlen Specter for president in 1996. Apparently this makes me a supporter of ObamaCare.
Shoutout To Our New Followers - thank you!
I love Glassjaw Boxer. But I don't know that I call them top 3 material.
I just need a week away to figure shit out.
Getting ready for Irene. Going out for #cookies #ice-cream. Essentials according to my family. Wish me luck.
Ok #TigerWoods is All Square and on the prowl with 3 to play!
You Deserve all the Success
Dude, I think I jyst saw Dave Grohl grabbing lunch at Con Pane in Liberty Station. you should have your arts folks look into it.
#ragecomics are about to dominate my iMessage conversations.
If David Prosser can do it to Ann Walsh Bradley, I want to see Ruth Bader Ginsburg put Antonin Scalia in a head lock.
let's set somethin up!
Once a girl was singin ass, ass, ass 2me. This early mornin a dude sings cake, cake, cake. I had to google the songs! :( wTF
Nigga's Gona make me turn Gay ; I Swear to God !
Like a #BOSS lol
Ohmygawd, drama is for little kids. Get outta here with that.
2nd-4th grade, I only wanted 2 things out of life; 1. To be Avril Lavigne 2. Marry Billy from Good Charlotte. GC was the best band ever.
I really enjoyed hitting golf balls last night. Tonight it's time to hit tennis balls. It's all about The Swing!
Hello to Rev Lora! Congrats on the ordination!!!!
Yet another European art institution requests my permission to reprint an article in their forthcoming publication for $0.
Finished my location scouting for tomorrow morning's Swimsuit shoot.
hey guys, most people think that ordinary people cant sing! but i think everyone can sing but in there own unique way! RT if u agree x lol x
Center for Hunger-Free Communities featured in today's : "Experience meets Expertise at Hunger Conference"
redesigning my Capstone poster for the third time.
yay I got my phone back
i forgot how to tweet.
AM 1620, while driving on 90E: "oh hey motorists, the thruway's closed. thought you should know. well, happy driving! enjoy that hurricane!"
All I can do right now is think of crappy times and if I done things differently would things be different? Questioning this a lot rn.
Watching love addiction on tv one, never give up on love. <3.....so beautiful
Working on a pot of french onion soup.....and a bottle of wine.
Oh shit macaroni! i almost got caught O:
rip my prayers are with ur family
We'll be okay. Lots of warm tea and soup this wkend though.
Damn. I was gonna give a "shout out" to from the airplane crapper. Oh well. Maybe when I get on the Space Shuttle.
StoryCorps staff mark stories on a scale for "reproducibility for radio." Is there a way to predict this rating based on numerical data
I'm about to be the girl who falls asleep in the waiting room.
#pinterest may expand platform to include video soon
Can't wait to be at the Double Door Inn THIS THURSDAY for Remy St. Claire CD release party!
How would you get at a guy in class? Lol Seriously, tell me how you would :p
Damn just took all of my piercings out...i feel naked without them :(
Enjoyed Russian Style afternoon tea today at Katia's in SF. Loved using the Samovar.
“: "I'ma take you all the way down" #Smash”take em down take em down down!!
Today has been....
I miss you guys too!!
RT : If you play it safe in life you've decided that you don't want to grow any more ~ Shirley Hufstedler
so Obama thinks LeBron should go to Bulls. How much is David Stern gonna fine him for those comments?
I am? I was last Friday on my vacation. LOL.
so board need something to do ...
I'm too tired!!!
it's a poor #UX that requires all these hoops. I installed this a.m. & all I get is a blank screen w title
In our imaginations we believe that love is apart from us. Actually there is nothing but love, once we are ready to accept it.
The rest of this week I am "Living on the Edge!" You're not going to believe the shenanigans I get into in my live shots! Tune in:)
I just received Christmas presents. From family. Via UPS.
Putting in hard work is the ONLY way to success
Close to tears. I am so stressed.
watching videos of housepets makin friends with dolphins. shit hits close to home.
Does anyone have insider tips on what to do/where to go in Montreal for a wknd? Asking for a friend...
Thanks for the shout! You're the #social #magic that makes #flourish!
If yu say so
So happy you like them! I immediately thought of you when I saw them. :-)
have you given any thought to coming to #philly and checking out the work is doing? It's a great story line!
new job requires me to train for 2 months, I will have a studio in my semi though.
Great pitch froze him
I bet you guys really appreciate us waking up in the middle of the night to watch your twitcam right? :-) x
The money spent on renovating Kauffman Stadium would have been better served in a fan therapy program.
Why is a shutout inning too much to ask for
I did it for about week and then got to busy with school.. But I started to feel more motivated at the end of that week haha
Stop being soo judgemental make sure u fix whats wrong in ur life before u start judging others
Almost one year later: Pakistan says Osama bin Laden's 3 wives and 11 children have been deported to Saudi Arabia.
that's sad. I dread the day we'll have to go through that too. Dogs are 100% love.
Relativity raising $200M via Ron Burkle against ultimates for 'Mirror Mirror', 'Act of Valor', sports.
At the airport super early for once. Had fun but can't handle any more #Vegas for a while
I need to stop being lazy all the time..
It's ok to love where you LIVE but never forget where you CAME FROM...... Cleveland bred me
Best interview question for candidate to ask. Number 4: Where do you see this company (or organization) in twelve to eighteen months?
Hello! Goodnight my dear! Sleep well honey!! Iloveyou!! Keep ur head up!
I really can't wait to be at church this morning! I love seeing you all (Epic Church)! See ya there!
Oh my god can I sleep all day? Nope..? Damn.
RT He's that one person that can make me smile like crazy just by saying "Hello". So true!!!
There is a lot of talk of Jason Booher to Holmes.
Great interview w/ Coach Haith
WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU?!
i love you holland<3
James Franklin and the Commodores already have 9 verbal commitments. Vanderbilt had 0 commits at this point in 2011 and 2010.
right! This is killing me...
Gorgonzola Bacon Burger... couldn't be better for lunch!
You bet! I'm honored. I wonder if they would like to leave a sticky note on it? Thanks! Tell them I said hello from Iowa!
It is impossible to overestimate the immense need that humans have to be listened to, understood, and taken seriously.
Who else is coming in June? Time to schedule a mid year toast & inspiration trip!
follow this sexy chick please..ill kiss u for free if u do
The world should sit down and have a collective beverage at the Old Miami
April 22 The lift off
I'm Madd Nice To People The Only Time That I'm Rude Is Only When People Decide To Get Crazy With Me !
Loud noises!!!!
"Viva il Papa!" at Vatican City all day :)
Guess it's finally time for laundry, cleaning and a work out...if I must...
Hooray! "Soon" for the NYPL open source = before SRP 2012.
Ready to drive a real Powerhouse that meets all your expectations, & then some? Come test drive the #Ram4500! #MelloyDodge in Albuquerque
RT : 4th and forever is the best show
Make time for everything! Don't ever stop doing things you enjoy doing..
Elections and debates are getting more exciting than football
I'm glad I didn't outright laugh!
tonight showed that Boston isn't as superior as they claim to be
On Facebook, there’s a page called Pet Lovers for Obama. I’m going to go check out their recipes. Oh my, this IS fun!
What are the top three music cities in the US?
that's right: doing indesign edits and watching old noir classics
Ghostbusters took over the #1 spot from Tightrope on this day in 1984. Who ya gonna call?
Fully support this. RT : I might have to name my first child Middlebrooks. Boy or girl
no. But I am coming!!!
When's the last time we saw a face off on ? Anyone?
Ok, I know I'm not the only one that gets frustrated by airlines and their constantly changing prices!
Omg the tmobile girl's not wearing a pink dress!!!
I'm not gonna let any asshole get in the way of my happiness.
I see you googled my name.. i tried yours nothing pop´d up
Good morning to you!
Tomorrow it's Cave Creek Park again (near Scottsdale): the mega mountain bike climb . . . May I spend the rest of my days here?
Dialogue from first novel in the April Curran series. "That's not a bald spot," Lucian said, "it's just an area of hair taking a vacation."
In love with the money don't love these hoes !
Please speak on Homosexuality
Just placed a new order of product including restocked Crescent hoodie (+ all new hoodie), New Tee and a top secret Lovesick launch...
"I'll be the first black guy to freeze to death!"
yes girl work!
Good Morning <33
5 minute talk with ? I think so!
add your birthday ideas!
We had so much fun! We can't wait for our interview with Mike tomorrow! We'll be posting pics & vids soon!
hahaha that's you mr. model you..i do not have
I don't think there's a firm answer to that question! I'm glad you're finally feeling better though! :)
in health class right now. GRRR. BORING! Missing my baby girl terribly. Going out looking for a job today. peace.
#malware #disables #Mac New Mac Trojan disables Apples automatic malware updates
blue pear, the newest hipster joint, good texmex food poolside; Dinks is surprisingly good, too.
yes, I was on the end of a "I have to" not that I mind but it's a bit insulting when you know it's really a "I want to"
#time always tell
As well as from those who falsely hide behind it... The U.S. vs Wong Kim Ark was a BAD call that needs to be corrected immediately!
I loved what you guys did, and anyone who takes offense to it needs to lighten up and get a new perspective!
“: nothing like waking up to snowfall.” IT WAS SNOWING THIS AM?
With basketball behind me time to focus on the election (#ISupportSameSexMarriage), the and book design. Varied but focused.
Can't convince people of anything UNLESS you pretend to be sure of yourself.
how have we not crossed paths?
Thanks for the RT :)
Reminder we trade your #carforcash We also trade your car for cash.
oh lmao. I'm a freshman and I know SOLs don't start until Wednesday damn.
Off to sleep early so I can catch the lunar eclipse in the EARLY morning!
Just tapped Schooner Exact's Black IPA.
just pay it forward. when you get out of school and your all smart and what not, and someone needs your help.. make time for them.
oh, and I accidentally stole a gym towel.
Wished I could go to code4lib north. :-( Wil definitely follow twitter backchatter, if any.
Enjoyed talking with Eastlake-Bonita Dem Club & #SanDiego County Young Democrats social tonight. Two great groups of local activists.
Review: With The Iron Lady, Meryl Streep makes it pointless for them to even nominate anyone else for best actress.
Thank you for the mention!
Is there a merchant you want to see in our network? Email
everything's going really well! Just so busy! Moving this weekend, and somehow I ended up with 3 jobs...... Anywho, how r u?
maybe some of these girls got to used the same line too
ya now how to get picked for that part
know what?
He is a cunning bugger, nothing a trip around the Sally Gap in the boot would not cure. No respect for the old ways
I thought of you two because of your global humanitarian work & compassion! Hope this reaches u.
I feel that God has blessed me with great insight. I love sharing it,
Made my own #sushi finally.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers! Follow Let's make #BREWlievers a trending topic and show support!
What do you think of idea to ban cell phones in cars completely? Anything else you'd choose to ban?
I hate
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to your tweets.
(( chris is endearingly childlike in how he believes ppl should be. I love that bt him.Makes it hard 2 say no))
Good Morning! {{{HUGZ}}}
Just got up watching TV don't feel like getting dressed
Pudge Bros was my fav pizza in ABQ ! Don't knock it till u try it! (Haven't tried it in over a decade. Probably knockable.)
“: Watching the game by myself today! :( #game4 #becauseitsthecup #LetsGoRangers” -- you are not alone. All #Rangers fans are here.
- wow, that was close there in sending Belt. But we'll take
F.S.E in 8th pd today.Some people got big balls its crazy but typical.
I mean come on.. now that's hot. hahahahaha.
Pinko Is that short for Russian? White hate russians, move to Oakland if you dont believe me.
what an amazing time!!!
#2011CIA I'm looking for you Awards! ;) Up in the balcony.
u do to
hahaha I love roller costers and you? :)
Monk was an absolute genius. Unbelievable.
Is your weight-management (WM) just an exercise, or a lifestyle trait? Modified lifestyle (i.e. walk, don't ride) is key. Source: WFU 2011.
Just wanted to say THANKS! to all the peeps that came out to support NFMLA and the amazing filmmakers #youguysrock!
My dog dodoed and got his but whopped lol
Beavs blitz, Masoli lets it fly, great play by DB Lance Mitchell to knock the ball down
I need X to win this.
you and Zack Efron are a such a cute couple together u guys should be together I Love U please follow me!!! <3
Chuck is down to 10k, from 30k starting stack with second nut flush v nut flush.. :-( Nelly is at his table, too!
I fucking love when i catch kid cudi on these talk shows :)
Here's To The Girls Who Have Blue Eyes:)
back in town this week-play date with Jenny and Jennifer?
getting hot here in Texas but nice rain yesterday.
Yay for for getting a twitter account!
When will #Nissan get smart and start "Pull Ahead" program for it's lease owners. Make me want a new Nissan again!
Cool! I Joined!
didn't know he was in town. Would have totally bought those. :-(
follow me please
oh no!
Heading to tonight at 7ish for our weekly outing. Drop in for a drink & say hello!
How was it? never heard much about it....
To those demoted, please respond with facts to justify your acts not excuses and whining. These guys badmouth lawyers until they need one
I’m heartened to hear that I’m not the only one who is constantly looking to twitter for validation, but not always finding it
Holy darkness Batman. I am going to cry.
runnies still on for 6? tryina make three places.
I've written 2 sketches for National Sketch Writing Month!
No, our arg is different: #opendata can powerfully enhance a wide range of diff goals, including acct'bility.
for real!
Caitlin is in the shower. Emilio is on the couch.
yo if we have tickets to downlink at the music box, do we get in to your show? or how does that work?
Good Morning twitter
The feedback & interest received lately is greatly appreciated. Some have asked about our discoveries, we will continue to share links. Thks
: Dividing up territories and friends post-breakup is painful, but taking back domains and e-mail forwarding? OW. OW. OW.
Really? I keep getting too attached to my textbooks to sell them. >.>
What is your favorite song we play at our shows?
buy some extra pints of custard for the team...upset special
watching He's Just Not That Into, too :) love this movie!
No Jim Rome this week? Who will I listen to on the radio? Is fabian calling the jungle this week?
": I want this forever."
The previous tweet results in me stopping at a stop sign thinking its a stop light. Yikes.
A little overblown. Steinmetz takes shots at the Warriors.
Are Blazers fans that pissed about Roy's knees that they are having Oden do microfracture as a dramatic distraction?
You were saying ...
Florida has some of the best dance club DJs I've ever heard.
Great article. I'd been struggling with the logic there. Is ice a drug since it reduces swelling like ibuprofen? (rhetorical q)
Stuffing my mouth with nachos with :)
Watching #blackinamerica with
Thanks for the RT! have a nice evening!
I suppose my 'netmask' test was flawed. Good to know it was as easy as apt-get install netmask ;)
I still know my password buddy, see you tonight tho! Ha
And whose more perfect union are we forming now, with what face of justice, and how tranquil a domestic front?
Casting reality show! Have a friend in a bad relationship? Should they break up? Email your story:
he didn't really answer your Q??
Well, as long as you solved a plot point...LOL
Bring on the dance moves Chris Brown... Love
Next time gadget, next time!
Berryfolks, Fenway has Creamsicle, Coconut and Original now. So even if we're not feeling Summery, we can still eat like it!
Having been the GM of a major public broadcasting station, there is always time to sell. And that's the non-profit model.
Only if we understand can we care. Only if we care will we help. Only if we help shall they be saved. -Jane Goodall
hey gorgeous(: mind following me please?:D followme back austin(:
He's had a good tenure with the Pack, but with Starks/Green/Saine, there's more to look forward to. 4 HB's? No way.
I'm so fucking bored
I saw a car crash! & the guy who hit a limo looked like kris humpries!! or however you spell his name! lol i think it was him(x
CLGL now up 120% hats off to THE EDITOR what a way to start off the week
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)23
Good Luck Today Going for the sweep!! #SECsoftball Tourney is almost here
wanna jump in my car, go wherever you are cause I need you by my side
Fina blow n grab dis bk
Hiding in my bedroom with jams on and wine on the nightstand. Sad only 2 nights left of #Bachelor , until BP3 that is...
You get paid to speak, eh. How cool.
#Fringe renewed for a fifth and final season...that's some great news right there.
Getting better each and ever day. Give all the glory to my god!
BREAKING NEWS: Disco legend Donna Summer has died; stay tuned for more updates.
we LOVED seeing u Janet. U rocked the house!
i can talk on so many different levels, anywhere from the street corner to politics. i have a way with words, a gift n a curse. troof
giggle... If anyone needs to be Razzed about RT'g you... It should not be me! #I'mAFan :)
fruit,nuts,pb and j sandwich.
RT Once #Aquarians made a decision to end the relationship, there are very few chances to win them back
if you have concerns, you should bring it to the library for immediate consumption.
do you feel comments like that help support the diversity and inclusion of D.C? AND of Ward 8?
Mondays are my most favorite and my most unfavorite day of the week.... Who knew *that* was possible!?!
thank you for the follow Josh!
106F. I am melting.
do it!! haha
Officially sick :-(
Cant wait till Aug. to see you guys again. #ChicagolovesBTR follow?
Whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger? That's weird. I just keeping feeling weaker and weaker.
we like that #xtina is not trying to make friends on
Late night bites tonight from 11pm to midnight...pizzas by Pandel and sundaes by Rockman. Perfect night cap!
Stone cold nuts.
often folks have NO clue about their body language, so maybe a semi-unconscious bit of both?
Mississippi State opens the second half on an 8-2 run but #UMass responds with a 7-0 run of their own. UMass leads 50-39
Best race of the day coming up IMO -the Mile. Goldikova alone on top in the exotics?
okay mom damn lol
for Halloween I'm going as Kim Kardashian in her sex tape... Wanna go as Ray J? We could get the party bangin'...ya dig
hey! give us a listen :D. we're new to Vegas an we have two professionally done Cds. Check it out :]
Could not agree more with that statement.
perfect day for lunch outside at the campus. love this place!
SHOUT OUT TO MY SET!!!
That's right. N,Q and R trains sweep passengers away with no left over residue.
doing trading operations at Artisan Partners
Hope to catch your gig this weekend!!
DailyHookahTip#71: For a fruitier smoke, mix berries with the water in the water base. Or even throw an orange slice in with the shisha.
Shout Out To Richie....
Listening to Usher in bed by myself...just a practice run for tomorrow night
I'm interesting in hearing more about your company- link me?
Great seeing you yesterday! :o)
thanks Susie you gem.
“: Mayb she won't then again mayb she will!”
twitter won't let me post a picture!!!! #WHATISTHIS!?!
55% off dry cleaning on www.crowdclick.com!!!
Well just contact one of us to make via phone/facebook! RT i need tickets. :) and you guys need your pictures...
Ouch. We'd like to change that. What's up?
Way to go- have fun :)
Special recipe broasted chicken served with mashed potatoes and gravy, green beens, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09
I'm reading up on the Chicago Manual of Style w/r/t 中文.
I guess I'm supposed to walk around smiling like Sister Marissa
D: refreshing your page like cray.
So if I get this new job paid rental cars, hotels, food, and paid for travel... I'll be getting reward points like a mutha fucka
Board positions available for this year's show. for more information.
living, learning, giving, earning, no matter my circumstance
Only a few more days to get #ABQuirky ! We are reading through your submissions and cant get enough! Keep them coming!
That depresses me.
Roommate is pressuring me to make decisions. #maybeheisright #dowork #MovinOnUp?
Is this your adopted meaning, or is it the origin as you know of it?
Crap. My crown just popped out.
ewwww!!! r u kidding me u moron
We're working on a few flashmobs and pranks, but not quite ready to go yet. Soon!
Linda Chavez has some serious self-loathing issues.
Please vote AGAINST the constitutional amendment in today's NC primary! If you vote for then you are judging thy neighbor!
"Sorry I wasn't talking to you...I was talking to the computer." talks to himself when writing web markup.
Got on last flight to dc via standby. Scariest flight I've ever been on.
If you don't have at least a little self-doubt you probably aren't doing it right.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.17
Wednesday night at 10, goes to the #northshore and profiles some kids trying to slow drivers down in a unique way.
I'm Presbyterian and will be forgiven if wrong LOL Are you off of Lent yet?
Dog is all current on her shots and ready for a weekend at the lake! Next stop REI!
“For last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice.” ~ T.S. Eliot
my last tweet sounded like an obnoxious greeting card
I got that fettuccine on them
Liquidators is looking to fill a few for new #sales positions! Pop in & fill out an application!
WHITE LIGHT!!!!!
tired like fuck man
Damn avengers sold out for this time. Gotta c the next showtime
Big week at PARMA: Student Composer Competition, announcing May releases, preparing METHOD MUSIC "Sit In" page, and more..stay tuned!
RT The day you create today will speak volumes about the rest of your life. Create well!
4pm #yoga class Chicago. New playlist! Beatles, Brett Dennen, Ravi Shankar, Matisyahu, and Common. Sounds great, right?
it's great-- just be prepared to blush, a lot!
Haha. I'm not here to judge:). The things we do for love...
": Finally getting back on my routine!" It's never too late to feel great!
To make this launch as sexy as possible I'll be doing the entire reading while wearing my seventh grade retainer.
always time for more
Sounds like a pretty fantastic day at the Ashmolean-- Ancient Greek kylikes or skyphoi? But did they get to play kottabos, I wonder...
I will, mom. Thought about you the other day, hope all is well!
Condolences to Willie's family.. I hate that the world has one less genuine blues artist!
I should go to bed. Don't tell me what to do!
Its 2012 And You Still Got Minutes On Your Phone?....Bless Your Heart....
I guess Jesus sat out the 1st half. Hopefully he has a miracle up his sleeve for the second.
Funny, those are things I'm very good at. It's all that reading I did when I went to a good public school.
Great, I can't wait. Thank you again for covering awesome local companies/activities!
I think I should quit tryin ckuz there are no signs of victory.
Improving taxi quality in Baltimore Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color. Thanks BaltTservic.
Boys know the lyrics to WMYB. That's legit.
Have strong popping HEADLINES sprinkled throughout your sales page
Blahh fuck work ! The only good thing about it today is that my gf is here
Nice banners, IDB!
How's the Wings game going
Are you annoyed by the constant smudges of fingerprints on your smartphone? Great new product that you can brand with your company logo!
Keep Sneezing -.-
I knew it was me. I was trying to see if you would figure it out.
Howard says pedestrians on Main Street won't pay attention to increased lights at Lot 1.
Hey,Reality Show Junkie Tweeters I hear that "Basket Ball Wives" will be taping a NEW reality segment at TONIGHT
