yeah I mix master and do a lil lil on some tracks :)
I knew biting my nails were a good thing after all
Look for our ad in the Eastside News today, courtesy of the Goodman Community Center!
that's the next chapter in the Time Out guide. but i don't think so.
that's what she said
Can The record labels be in the U.S.??
Not your bag baby? RT If just 25% of U.S. families used 10 fewer plastic bags a month save over 2.5 BILLION bags a year.
okay this is taking longer than i thought miss thangg
I FINALLY got to 1 million on Temple Run!
who knows
Want to help the economy? Start your own business, get off your lazy butt and get off of welfare!!
What Job Seekers Need to Know in Today’s Digital Market
Yeah #capitals! Nice win.
God it feels good to be a gangsta..
Filling out looks of applications this week. At school, home, phone, idgaf im on a mission
I am a proud Howard U. Bison after watching Afro Blue on the Sing Off. Go Bison!!
International Assembly today! Finally after it's been canceled 3 times! :D
Hi! We've got a new web series & want fun teens to help us cast our 3 lead roles. Love your help! www.whatevertheseries.com
What an event filled Saturday! How can I be 0 for 3? #Mini (not running), #KYDerby (not going), #CincoDeMayo (no plans)...
Last time Bucks mattered. A year later they signed Fatty Anthony Mason and it went down hill from there.
Florida teen struck first, shooter says
Yes Yes. I love you, little friend.
Rockin Magic show tonight at Jimmy Johnson's Big Chill in Key Largo. 7:45!
Thats phenomenal hope we can help
I'M GOIN' HARDER THAN A MIDGET JUMPIN' OVER ME.
off to an audition this morning, then to the Bay Area for the weekend! woo-hoo!
What Makes Leather Cases For Samsung Galaxy S So Special?
Two men accused of stealing scrap metal
sounds good to me bro.
Thanks for the shoutouts everyone! I'm 10 away from 100 followers! <3
the Inception score was okay but Kent bought me the Shutter Island soundtrack the other day - Amazing! Luv the movie too & Leo
Men here wear capris. Time to get back to nyc!
Why can't Florida ever be cold for more than a day? -__- I wanna go back to New York.
Stock market seems a little over-bought here.
New #bachmann memoir recalls 2 tough earlier runs, and rebound that followed: sty notes she could use it now. Link TK
don't forget rumham. that's an IASIP reference you should look into if you're not familiar.
I know I'm really stoked for it!
so sweet. Thank you!!!!
I hate when I am making milkshake and boys just show up in my yard!
If there's a zombie outbreak in Vegas, Does it stay in Vegas?
Apparently I can't get a quote on a BA flight for March 24, 2013 for another week or so. Rats.
So far so good :) You?
Happy #StPatricksDay everyone! Hope it brings luck to the #Brewers #Badgers and
#ideas2action knewton: it's not about access! It's about getting what you need, when you need it as a student.
I'm allergic to failure
It was awesome
I need to finish working on my damn market day project
First day of work :) hope this doesn't interfere with my love for
aww... would u have rlly taken some freak lke me?
Thanks for the retweet!
Got my mind on my $money$ and my $money$ on my mind $-P
Be careful, they are men of God
I met you in 02 at the Super Bowl rocknjock. You are an awesome person and will fight your way through this. Praying for you.
Then, my grandfather was a shell most of the time we visited with him... which is to be expected. *sighs* Then, Disneyland... Weird week.
I think i miqht qo too hell cause i lie soo much . :-\.
nothing Much And You?(:
Great session on photography for elearning
Man...cant ball till 2 tomorrow cus i gotta go work at the mosque.in the morn.
Cold and tired.. ugh
ill take it.. still sexy. :)
So excited!
As if you didn't know: life is s1ck!!!!
Hello! Lolita today!
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
"I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty."
Happy Birthday to the Daily Grill in Santa Monica! Join us for Happy Hour from 4-7pm to celebrate seven years.
Wow, that was sweet of my boss. I accidentally loaded an unedited file of e-book records & she said "Aw, it's just spring fever."
Gracias for the support!!
I'v gotten to know all you by your @ names. Now have to learn all of your prof. names. If it showed both I wouldn't mind, but only shows 1
I know that we could make it right
we're all well! Hope all is well over there!
Been seeing them in my yard here in N. Central San Antonio. Glad to hear they are surviving trip thru Texas.
Amen for another day. Let's get it.
nothing really. So bored actually!
Blasting Kid Liberty on this road trip was the greatest idea I've ever had.
Maybe we'll catch an edge.....
“:squaring numbers are just likewomen If they're underthirteen just do them in your head.. #BoBurnham”
a) find a diff job. b) go to grad school. I understand that I have to take steps first, but I'm not trying to take steps...
Thats cool! just save that hundo for when I come back to Cali next weekend.
should use NY1 and NECN as models.
"Detroit is the cooler older brother that gets in trouble. Chicago is the younger brother that got a good job."
just a little.warmer than that here lol
Ditto! But won't make it there until July.
The #Patriots should go 14-2 or 13-3 with that schedule. Pumped for the #Jets game on Thanksgiving
RT : Happy happy. RT : apparently it is National SIblings Day sure!
If people would learn to say just these powerful words: "I'm sorry" and "Thank you" the world would be a better place!
want 2 know if finding an agent is right 4 you? or maybe u want tips on building a great character? post your top q's about acting here:
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." It's never too late to start a healthy routine!
Back at ya, Superstar!!
I-40, WB, at 98th back open. More road conditions on www.krqe.com.
I know others that use quick books as well. What do u think about it??
Goin' to PRINCE tonight! Woo Hoo!
spring cleaning. Spring Cleaning? Spring Muther#$%&ing Cleaning!!!!!!!!
downloaded bro it's awesome man
Yoga is coming up at 4:30! We have another Yoga class at 6:30, and Group Reformer at 5:30.
let Steve do a solo!!!
Thanks for the follow, Liz!
Just completed Week 2 - Day 3 (completed 0.77mi with run pace of 36:45 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
If any other manager would have played that line-up and left players like that on the bench they would have had their arse handed to em
What they should do is take this as a challenge & seek out a more diverse life then bring that richness to their work.
So it is *emphasizing* Julie. *Standing, pulling on my jeans* And just what are we going to do about that?
I think I knew that. Rock over London! He really whips the llama's ass!
here = the
I lived in NY
i hope soo :)
Just added two new Mustangs to our program/family & may I just add...BALLLLLLAASS!
photographed two architectural projects this week and am doing aerials tomorrow.
what's good My dude
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying people who tell you how to live your life, don't you have your own?
The studio is Mac Pro all the way baby! I even have protools now.
ABSOLUTELY!! RT : Gotta Love That Tuff Juice.!<3
ARE U F@?& KIDDING ME
baby stay in school..
+ are on tour right now. Please go check out their twitter/facebook & look at the dates!
May be going shopping at forever 21 tomorrow. Dresses and skirts here I come
hahaha sorry! It's actually kind of on the down low... Well it's kinda a long story! Haha x
"Bill Gates is a very rich man today... and do you want to know why? The answer is one word: versions. "-Dave Barry
I'll try my best to be there... (winky face)
Just left the "No Damsels In Destress Here" panel, asked her question. Clip coming soon. Now History of the Modern Zombie.
We watched the whole thing. I'm not too proud of that...
ok I'm waiting in ya got some people that waiting to hear it feel me....
I am NOT going to stop tweeting and posting about this, naming their names, Mya Hatchette lawyer in Orlando who Autism bullied me
Do you miss Austin already??
#ineedtostop going to Blockbuster
ah tuesday
k I will =P do u guys have summer break?
The U.S. flag flying at Camden Yards has considerably fewer than 50 stars and more than 13 stripes. That's just shameful, really.
Did you see the #DunkinDonuts cake on TodayShow? Also delivered one in Dallas to CH. 5 NBC-
r u coming for kawkaw?
Why everybody hmu on the same shit
Spread the word! We're going to be using #ukrops10k on all Monument Ave. 10k related tweets! (via )
Do you even go to this school, no i just have alot of feelings
Watch Competitive banter on the show of competitive bantering w/ professional competitive banterer on 5pmEST
Sparkle like the gem you are
#fridaythe13th my little brother have Happy B-Day :)
Long day ! Boutta go sleep Goodnightt
Just ran into Mayor Parker at baggage claim in PHL. Small world.
Sugar River boys 3,200 relay team of Ryan McCoy, Alexander Yeiser, Wesley Morgan and Riley Miller (8:14.58) set a Deerfield Classic record
Nfl redzone--only way to watch pro football. Go get it.
I love austin! If you can prove you love here, you get free drinks.
Hells yes! Orlando won!
Guys, that gizmodo article is priceless.
“: Not fair I'm jewish..RT : ...he's still faster than Ken Weinman. :)” And a ginger!!!
literally used a skill I learned from in a presentation today in class. Space work saved me from unnecessary work:)
Masters of Horror. Good choice.
and like when you get excited, it always leads to a letdown experience.
After watching the series on the , I made sure to thank each one I came across for their service. Impressive group.
At my favorite place ...nail salon
ha yeah but you never came thru!
Going to the gym and pretending to work out is what I do best.
Hello everyone how is the holiday going
@ dukeanddjango you have stumped me
Would it be possible to get an interview? ^.^
There's a Kawasaki with my name on it at the auctions
I turn 22 in 9days! I'm making my Birthday Wish now! Hm what do I want?
You’re become as big of a procrastinator as
I wish I could make my thanksgiving table big enough for all my friends and family.
so there is....is that about the body? xP Cause I want to take that instead of physics.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: having intercourse with someone and horrifyingly realize that inches from you is a butt full of poo.
he said closest w/o going over...so I just went with a number higher than the other ones I sawi
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "A RELATIONSHIP with NO TRUST is like a CAR with NO GASOLINE. You can stay in it all you want but it won't go anywhere."
These judges know absolutely nothing about music. Jessica needs to leave ASAP
Always & forever. :)
I'm definitely not ready for it to be Monday morning. Yet, it is. Oy............
Jesus loves you
Here you go: "No, thank you." And then refer them to someone else who may be able to assist them. "No" is a complete sentence.
...and the project ( also contribs on Pox and the City game)
When did "the fun" need to be brought *back* to snacking?
I love when peeps from jr./high school find me on fb & have these wonderful memories of me (which I never seem to remember, sadly).
Literally the worst weekend ever.
my patience is going to be tried today. I am the only one manning the library. people will just have to wait to be helped.
I was enchanted to meet you <3
Savage Garden....Thanks Pandora, for the time travel back to senior year!
Is it wrong to tell a Homeless person a Knock Knock Joke?
Why do fat girls always take forever to order fast food? EAT A GOD DAMNED SALAD.
Which is to say we are all dependent on government.
I get to see MIW in December. :3 High five for seeing badass bands dude.
ohh come on back to tally !
Chemistry test over acids & bases: easy peasy lemon squeasy.
Toung kiss her , squeeze her butt, pull her close, lift her up so her leggs around me "my style of kissing :)
Man i hate goin to sleep mad..but i guess this women wont let it happen.
Ha! It's from Harry Potter... your neighbors must be as nerdy as us :)
oh I know - just wanted to make sure you weren't looking for me and couldn't find me :)
36 holes of golf was nice way to close out weekend after too many long days of covering NFL Draft. Game of Thrones to close out the evening!
Check tomorrow for the latest poem about another character in the Bible, You can find it at www.lindaswift.net
You must have a lot of practice, cause you appear to be rather good at that already.
Nail Appointment then sleep.... Yep sounds like a plan!!
Tune into at 6pm I'll be on re:GOP's continued attack on women & Limbaugh's recent comments against Sandra Fluke
Thanks for the RT! Have you ever attended one of Roger Courville's webinars? I love them!
word, it's a trip tho just seein how ths instance of sumthin tht is unfortunately common is gettin so much attention
Never explain--your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway. Elbert Hubbard (1856 - 1915)
not sure, max isn't one to book in advance, he'll just sort of randomly say it like a week before if it happens!
i hate it when people on internet fake themselves as chloe moretz and say stupid stuff like i hate you or stuff that gets annoyed it bothers
Good Morning everyone..
That's really awesome!! :)
Is about to perform on the Napa Valley TV telethon with the talented vocalist Mary Jensen..
that would be sweet...im hopeing for that now that u mention it
What he said.
theres no such thing as an ugly girl there are just some girls that are better looking than others lol
The sun makes me sneeze.
For the lovely mothers day, I went to NE furniture mart and bought her Dane C's Isolation show on DVD. Its more of a gift for me though ;D
#crystal ! Coordinated a ride. May end up camping. We'll see! Hit me up when you're enroute señor.
this is why we love the internet: we make each other's days ;)
Where you at?
If the world didn't suck we would all fall off.
Most r packers fans...next rt : Tim Skubick: Michigan senator wants Detroit Lions to play Green Bay Packers in Upper Pennisula
I actually think I will go home and sleep
thanks for the love and support guys! I'll be there next year!
Damn skippy brotha man. I'm excited. RT : June bout to be crazy ain't it
#YouKnowICareWhen I'm offering free help; You should call us :)
[Library Hours] Saturday, Dec. 17 from 9am - 6 pm. Sunday, Dec. 18 - CLOSED.
Adventures in commuting - When a guy in a Prius rides your bumper, whips around you and waves with one finger - all you can do is laugh.
Hi Y'Vonne, thanks for the follow!
Who is going to be the leader that we elected you to be and #SaveOurClinics ?
Filling my days with home makeovers, job hunting and busy work. Taking a break to watch some Capitals hockey. Go Caps!! Go 30 Rock premiere!
I'm #nervous 😳
Ha! I love that.
#CommercialLoans-We offer better rates & terms than traditional banks! Call today! Indigo Mortgage (505) 836-5700
My Mac died completely today. Thanks for the financing, Apple - I'm updating now from a brand new shiny MacBook Pro, with help from my boo.
Ha! I found you! Hope you had a good time while in DC! So can you get an interview with hottie Bryce Harper :)
i think its actually over..... :(
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. I wish you all good times & a pint of Guinness!
Come on BORO
Only if the reader can identify w/t the issue or character. Or if the character fulfills what the reader lacks.
Had the entire house to myself for several hours today. Solitude is such a precious gift these days. Thanks, baby!
Come on Windy City Clones...let's get #TeamJolene #VinnyMacNation and #Hackoff trending
Great talk by about their Baja trip and Native American reservations in #SD. Thanks guys!
We have a new server ready vpn-mf4 Dyn IP pptp/l2tp/sstp/Android ready server Miami, Florida. Available in your customer area now.
Uh, yeah. Instrumental version of "the way you look tonight." big fan, especially after
Physical attractions are common but mental connections are rare
That would work
sure ur right. U r not mean like that.
smoke a bowl > sleep.
Good Sunday morning. Watching some #FACup before getting my work done. Have a GREAT day!
It's Bootcamp time! Heading to Indianapolis Lighthouse Charter School! Let's stay healthy & strong!!!
#dearyoungself Enjoy while you can!
I've opened my freezer 10 times this morning hoping drumsticks will magically appear. Some of these tweets are jokes, this one is not.
Don't say, "If I could, I would." Say, "If I can, I will."....Jim Rohn
just put linkin park on the radio, strong high school vibe.
excited to go around seattle with and we're trying to figure out what's 'SO SEATTLE!'. destination tips?
For every girl with a broken heart, there is a boy with a glue gun. ♥
lol possibly glad you made it out!
Look, the fight game is about controversy...we got some!
150 years ago it was a shitty day for the French.
haha. Hey neighbor:)
Yes, but planning group member must attend a mandatory workshop (COW); or, it can be done on-line.
Good morning #raiseandgrind and
What can you do when your good isnt good enough?
Thanks! That made my evening!
Its brittany Bitch
Heading home from Downtown. Going to watch the new Modern Family. It's one of the few things that give me a genuine smile.
D: indeed!
see but dont be mad my friend who passed 10 yrs ago use to say its ok to look but NEVER touch.same rules apply to you ..hint?
the person im texting now? dummy.
i am so upset that is going off the air. Being 23 years old, you have provided the soundtrack to my entire life THANK YOU!
Aw. I gotta say, I was doing more head turning than normal. I would be more than happy to learn French from some women there
#Nw Thirteen Ghost.
if you're a #ya author interested in donating your books to #schoollibraries @ or DM me!
Dear computer: You misbehave, I turn you off. Easy as that.
$200 on FLoyd Mayweather what up?
BIKINI SEASON!
I think I've been hit by a solar flare.
If you live anywhere near south central KY I know this goes without saying, but today's weather ssssSSSUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKKKKKSSSsss!!!!
it was #fun until jumped in then like him, this conversation became #lame #KAAA .....
Thanks for the heads up on this. Still processing some of the "highlights" of this post. More to come, I can assure you ...
happy birthday mama mary :D
I meant I just followed Harmony :3
Girl of my dreams
That's the truth! "Lord, help me with this boy!"
Watch something boring on TV w/the volume turned down low.
Magnetic nail polish !! :D haha
Wow, that was your first binder? That is great!
Breakfast in bed thanks to
T2 - Certainly WM entering HC would force current system to respond with 'x' amount of innovation.
You might not see this before you get there, but have a great time!
If you're staying with us, we have an extra treat with Wine Down. Hint: Happy National Chip & Dip Day!
#TipsForLadies woman with class > bad bitch
you call that a hike?! Lol
When did I start eating oranges? What's happening to me!?
send live updates for those of us who couldn't be there. Tweet The Kiss!
People wearing feathers looks stupid
well they're facing a LHP. Oh wait, nevermind.
The Ultrabook Project -- very cool! I won't flood you with tweets but we do want to get involved with you on the music front!
Playing Wow! LOL. Waiting patiently for "Perfect Strangers" to go on iTunes!! :) Happy Easter y'all!!
I will post full schedule of St. John's recruits/prospects playing at iS8 on JohnnyJungle/Redmen in next day or so.
We try to follow everyone who follows us, if we missed you let us know!!
“You can’t fail until you quit.”
You can also consider writing business cards and designing of flyers which can be much helpful for you while opening an online boutique
Excited to check out the beautiful San rock art over the next two days.
when feeling like a #snack, go for #almonds - it's not only tasty, but a great source of
1st tenet of my teaching philosophy stmt: -"Inside everyone is a great shout of joy waiting to be born."
Halfway(?) to Orlando. So far, so good at CLT.
Ditto Seth! RT We will march on!
Just because you wrap your burgers in wax paper doesn't make them taste any better. Please stop doing this!
great launch party tonight...thanks for the invite...best of luck for the future!
I wish you rappers would talk about something other than money sometimes... knowing damn well you broke as hell...
: Thanks, not sure about saving the world.... Maybe we're just plain stubborn, and refuse to give up our love of bookstores.
Houston, and hell yes!!
the ladies love Brooke
UT sports information dept says Alexis #Wangmene has a left wrist injury and will see a hand and wrist specialist tomorrow in San Antonio.
Omelet for breakfast. Ham, jalapeños cheese, tomatoes, mushrooms. M
MT : Rep. Alan Williams quoted Jay-Z during House debate and was corrected by Speaker Cannon on exact lyrics from 99 Problems.
Santa Sangre tonight...what am I in for?
And BTW, I'm cracking up that "Pollen" (not to be confused with ) has its own Twitter account.
Entertaining story, but anecdote about math intervention doesn't prove causality - me re: Amy Chua
i know lebron did his thang
Iv'e Waited Like 2 Years For This & I Can't Believe That Just Happened !
You a classy hoe!? Bitch please. Your classified as a hoe so SIT THE F.CK DOWN
Drinking green beer today but by night time it'll be blue. GO CATS
please follow me pit I love u;)
Excited about tonight--youth from all around #WestATLunite !
": im jealous lol"~~i was NOT prepared for his ass lol another Layzie Bone situation
That's a good problem!!!
I have a wrist tattoo too!
I havent taken a nap in like a day so im gunna nap. :p
Sorry everybody for the Twitter spam. I had an #ifttt recipe go a bit crazy. Remember kids, with great power comes great responsibility...
where's my baby?
They repair Rolex's on the cornor of Peachtree and Piedmont next to the Wachovia bank. They are very reliable.
I am def deciding where I live next based on its distance to Blue Bottle. I was never a coffee snob, now I am.
so far so good, bike is safe.
ws up wit ya
im telling yal everybody a gangsta via the internet....trust me
Just finished paying one of my student loans off ...
yeah like last week i started thinking about them and I told my mom I wanted to get them maybe ill get them this weekend
My boyfriend just happens to be my bestfriend , who doesn't like seeing there bestfriend everyday ?
tell everyone I said hello!! Get an extra massage for me!! See you when you get back :)
Happy Easter to all my tweeps! We'll also be celebrating Greek Orthodox Easter a week from today!
silencer on Logic just blew my mind by fixing a bad-RAM MPC 2000 sample, that has lots of pops in it, amazing tool
#Crazy im so crazy my friends don't recognize me sometimes❤❤❤❤😃😃 Lolz
o, connie crosby is watching me! she's a library podcast star!
good looks homie and sizes are accurate we only have samples.. shipment will be in soon we'll keep you posted !
sorry those are mine
yeah i still love you, & yeah, it still fucking hurts.
thanks guys! Cheers
Cannot wait for the Album "Hello" to come out May 8th #excited It will be the perfect early birthday present.
Kickstarter has proven to be a community & a mvmnt, not just a platform. The more ppl find Kickstarter, the more success for all
can't ppl do anything for themselves. Cabs.Really? What does that have to do with legislation?
If you do that, it defeats the purpose idiot
If it were meant to be any other way, it would be.
...like really?
#whiteparentsquotes don't make me count to 3
Thank you for your support of the in 2012. New partner of the Portland Timbers...support a local PDX company!
to text me
Apparently tomorrows national hug a cheerleader day??
Was Jenny McCarthy pitching?
Break time. David gonna punch it.
well, I was 'brought up' in a collaborative research shop at Indiana U, which means I love it, but have lots to learn still.
meeting and later today
Please Justin Follow me I love you!
4rm na on ANY type of FIXIN or HACKIN i gotta do I NEED Dat PAPER...NO MOE FREEBEES 4 ANY NIGGA...U NEED HELP N I NEED MONEY...#Momma Ra ...
We'll hang out next week! RT : Had an amazing time with my family today! ;) missed and my brothers tho.. :(
I give so much thanks to you all my new fans, i truly heart your supports. Thanks for liking my page.
#milwaukee What a beautiful saturday! 70 degrees ru kidding me? Woo Enjoy it!
I would be there. I am in Minnesota :( back on Saturday
will still read your articles. Appreciate your coverage of college sports.
who do you like?
Time and Gems Launches Annual T&G Wholesale Event
not at all !
Be there next time! #meow RT : watchin Beau play tonight
Congrats to who just coached her soccer team to 10-0 victory at halftime
Shopping for a film this week
I can do Thursday!
here too!
hay, how come my shoutout didn't warrant its own tweet?
What's going down tonight!? Someone HMU
Believe comes out on June 19th. So far away though......
you too! Miss you already!!!
Is much too quiet... I need some rock or some POP Rocks!
love how this kid popped a squat in your on-air seat.
It Is Hot Af In Here Man.
Twitter: What's HANNIN?!?!
#rockthebells2012 is extra corny. That line up is shit
The airlines make it easier to travel.....by car.
i luv my followers thxs for getting 300 followers
Fight hoes fight !!!!!!
Pizza rolls is the bomb!!
My contact feels like its trying to escape my left eye. Wonder if it's in inside out.
Well, this is gonna be weird...
Out of the FW $1200 NLH. 5 different big pots where I was outdrawn on the river incl last hand where I got 18 BB's all in with KK vs AQ+A10
yes of course(;
Fixing my daughter's iPod, I am hoping is just the battery needs replacing
lucky clover
A smile is the worlds greatest weapon.
#Nw The Devil Inside
Guuuyyysss, I made Tory a Twitter. Follow him.
you serious!?!?! idc! cookies!
We're on deck for #6ShotsRadio w &
I'll be home soon and we can talk life, liberty and OUR pursuit of happiness
Like a door that's closed I gotta
I'm guessing the only reason Denver is looking at #Manning is so #Tebow can teach him how to run!
You're part of what's keeping music education LA going. What more do you think can be done?
Today's cooking also includes making tomorrow's pork green chili & chicken with homemade bbq sauce and marinade. YUM!
Joe Paterno fired!! Right decision or should he have been allowed to finish the season as he planned?? Thoughts??
My grandma is hilarious.
"Keep in the Sunlight." I love this
yep! although for philly food cart prices, these are on the slightly less-cheap side. Still a good deal.
Anything Eminem pretty much
March is Women’s History Month! Did you know that Miami was the first major city to be founded by a woman?
That's why I am pacing myself while reading the Hunger Games series. I am a little more than half-way through Catching Fire now. #OMFGLOVE!!
thanks so much!! you rock
Excellent Thomas Crow lecture Tuesday at LACMA's “Here and There: Artistic Exchange between Germany and California in the 1970s” symposium.
Who is up for a little competition? Winner Gets a signed Ticket from Roshon! (ticket is from a past show)
When we see bad behavior, "what you might be seeing might just be a piece of pain" in our youth. #Mayor'sCommunityDialogue
“: Kevin Hart is just getting annoying now” Oh, somebody is hating. Kevin Hart is funny as hell and you know it :@)
I know a guy who spent 15K to make a utube video & got 2O hits. And I know a chick who booty shaked on her Iphone and got 3000! Painful.
hey! Busy week for me but if I think of something to do will let you know!
Those dresses r really make 's tits too big.
Shooting w/ 50mm can be akward - u are so close 2 people who can be emotional, but its small enough where they don't mind
Don't have any plans with your Valentine yet? You have the rest of the week to redeem yourself and get tickets to My Sinatra!
thank you for the compliment. I enjoy your tweets, as well. :)
Does anybody have the 30 Rock/Community/Parks & Rec news from a legitimate source?
thinking it's time to plan for summer fun. Keeping it local!
": Stevie Wonder - magnificent. #WhitneyCNN" love mr wonder.
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe all this damn room to drive but want to tail gate a nigga
I can't believe tonight is Kentuckys last game. I'm so excited but its definitely bittersweet. Last time I saw UK in a championship, I was 6
Great morning for a 20 Mile Run....
#Didyouknow - that on Feb 1, 1911 a dynamite explosion in NJ shattereed 23 skylights and windows at the Aquarium raining down glass on...
oh and I miss you!
if I had time to leave the airport I would. Went with #DunkinDonuts instead of Chili's or BK.
I have done it. I have packed for a week combo business/adventure trip in a backpack and satchel (including a full suit).
It's not a night at the ballpark til the cops show up
The pieces are really starting to come together, huge piece tomorrow! Wish me luck and keep me in your thoughts and prayers! :-)
My 8 year old daughter perfectly sums up Pandora: "The first thing you like, the second thing you hate."
#HappyBirthday #Taurus born on May 16th are nurturing and sensible... -- Taurus () That's you all day.
bahaha "pastoral lioness worship woman" lol thanks!!!! :-)
came to the park with just to go on the swings
The correct answer to yesterday's trivia questions is: Rick James songs have been featured in "Everybody Hates Chris" six times.
people watching at departures gates is good fun...but waiting at the arrivals gate is even better... seeing people greeting each other a ...
Thank-you I'll try it, that was bothering me. "open tweets"
I drink one soda a week :-P
I WANT B BASH TICKETS. HAHAH hdev is the only female artist
near the 85
Everything good brotha busy making tracks and babies. I see you still holding down.
There's a guy here asking every1 in line if they could help him w/ a piece of chicken. Some1 brought it 4 him, he's still asking 4 chicken.
guys....south campus gateway- Aug 1st. Keep an eye out for mobile truck between now and then
Do you think older dogs who are out and about a lot need more vaccines than stay at home doggies?
hahahah sorry bout that.. guess my #thankjesus dance got a liddle too intense #jokelifebestlife so over this whole no phone thing
I have not. Will have to check it out though!
Even when they do not "follow" you, they are tracing the footsteps of your every tweet, waiting for a moment to use it against you.
really thats all you got PACOS peeps.....cmon on now.... thank you ladies
This playoff series has been an unmitigated disaster; we needed our best game to beat the heat, and we have crashed and burned so badly.
This. Day.
the media is running with it cuz its boston, grienke started on the DL last yr because of a basketball injury w/ no mention
Needs to shower
hi fred - my week ended sunday, but I';ll keep following your work with interest as it's closely related to mine. Cheers!
#WeWontWork if you don't treat our relationship like a RomCom.
And with that 2 of my elite 8 teams are out
that's cool. where does creating the IA fit into that mix between use case - feature set defn?
hope all is going well. Seems things are heating up again in Mindanao.
Don't be silly. Never a need to be sorry. My weekend is good so far, but I need to work on a project. I hope you enjoy yours.
and were burning the midnight oil last night. Both launching very soon!
Idk if I told you but I'm moving to kississmie I love my new roomies
Getting ready to get to the money!
I'm almost finished college!!!! Never thought I'd make it this far.
Party all night long
I love you, too.
Day off today, best Pittsburgh weather this year! great day to not be stuck inside
Beliebers are Bossing! as always
Most women DON'T know when they have a heart attack. We're used to pain! But you are young!
Are you doing the Green Bay 1/2 marathon again this year?
aw. Sweet puppies
what tickets?
I love Dancing In The Rain!! Its the best song ever right now (:
Judith Lederman who worked in museums focusing on primary level students. One teaching science with immigrant children.
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
Thanks for posting great content!
Listening to (NEW LIFE)
#20ThingsILove A smart, educated girl with confidence >>>
Yes, please!
I love the #HouseOfNight books, I've been reading the books all week!
RT lol aw<3 ever since we took my dad to Lins that's the only place he likes going to now.
Isn't that a foul on Love?
Now we're talking about libraries' discriminatory history with romance & how that underpins relationship w/erotica,
A birthday shout out to an awesome teen volunteer, Pauline!
But if this community insists on using this acronym-ish word, somos locos indeed.
Happy Holidays from all of us at River Bank Plaza!
Dee where are you?
Survival of the fittest was a bullshit lie!
Can't wait to see how this episode looks...tune in.
I really screamed that last tweet.
Currently at the AIA/NDIA STEM mtng and feeling motivated to find ways to engage students to STEM through hands on learning.
To travel is preferable to arriving.
Just realized we sent our 800th tweet today. Not that that milestone means anything at all, but hey, this tweet brings us closer to
Yeah. That's the best part.
You get mad, you get strong, wipe your hands, shake it off, then you stand.
Looks like it could be the perfect day to kick off the golf season!
Love your style!
Williamstown Beats Washington Twp. Coach Frank Fucetola and players Dan Collins and John Chamberlin talk about the victory over the Minut
what time is your happy hour today?
Robert Johnson radio on pandora. That's all I need.
You are giving because you are so full of love, you have to give
4 months!! Lol yeah, but I'm on a mission now, I need to learn this thing. I know I will end up being addicted.
Italy has found itself at the center of spiralling economic concerns in recent days.
Just finished planning a #GreatSave event for #EMS week with the trauma team. I'm amazed every day of the heros aroudn me!
What I've learned from living in Marin County and coming home for break is that all there really is to do is going shopping. That's it
There is nothing to discuss yet. I didn't go RT : I really feel like I should have heard from by now.
Yay off work!
every time i pin something on #pinterest, in my head i say "pinning!" like charlie sheen says "winning!"
I want a big ass stack of pancakes: )
Check out our website for what's going on for the Packers/Bears Showdown! www.offtheclockbar.com
Liberate yourself and go andriod!!! :) Good luck at Verizon
Morning you guys have an awesome day.
watching 3 different cspan channels and not on either one. An oral history with Charles Colson is on
No. You're too precious :) Really.
Hi Zappos! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users & build customer profiles
If #America #trade with #China #Chinese, why not #Cuba?
i think my parents know im pissed off at them. good
Are we seeing you at the #vawine expo?
Haha well when that comes we will hang.
It was a fun night for sure. submitted the sesion to devLink. I hope you'll get to see it there.
it's the name of the song. Have you heard it? It's one of favorites
lol ya I wanna have fun on my bday I want it about me not them
#ALISE_org may also be interested SIG Women's issues it needs be sustained better out there -listings
So is the blinking red light at the intersection of St. Charles and Jackson a permanent thing? It's been holding up traffic for 3 days.
Holding this huge iced coffee is making my hand cold.
Power vs Arizona tomorrow night at Consol Energy Center, 730. Come to Power Fest :30 @ Marriot City Center! GO POWER!
"Forgive but don't forget. and wen he tells youu that you ain't nun don't believe him and if he can't learn to lovee you , you shuld lea ...
Really enjoy you on YES. I just started listening to your radio show. Absolutely love it. People dont give you enough credit
Officially found the one beautiful man on this campus. He looks like a young Rafael Nadal and has a cute little coin pouch.
Hey Justin... how can we get some MLive coverage for a Dodgeball Tournament in Detroit with 60 teams from all over the state
Does anyone want to hear me live-tweet Mets vs Yankees 2nite? it will be real snappy + lots of raggin' on Reyes...ok, i didn't think so.
lol come bother me! Sorry for calling your mama a dude.
YES OMG YES. thank you omfg.
It took me 30 minutes to eat soup...
lol u silly :)
Looking forward to it being 80 tomorrow and being off work!
It was Dexter! She was the reporter in Dexter last season.
Thanks for the RT!
Oh, and in time for the holidays, Beverly has imported from Italy some crazy good dog cookie treats, so cute and yummy, and on sale all week
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: Blues legend who alleged to have sold his soul to the...
huh. i really am
I hope you can give more than you receive this holiday season. Make sure you buy stuff from USA not made out of country.
Well its over
Are you going to HP Discover? Have you already signed up? Drop me a note --
I have a lead on a few PM and on-line marketing director jobs on LA's Westside. Retweet and DM me for info.
Neat! I love idioms!
when they are young you pray they will understand eternity matters, then they become adults and you pray you did enough
it is, I didn't mention the fact that it is not even a word!
I've been concerned about Hanrahan's control all season. Not as sharp as last season, but this is ugly
hey all you had to do was walk in my room. Sorry bout that.
Sneezed all over the Gutenberg Bible @ the Morgan library.
psshh, unworthy my ass!! Haha. But seriously, what is it?
blah say blah say blah
Almost kickoff time!
Woke up thinking, I should run this morning. Next thought was, Nah, I'm not really awake yet.
a little more dialogue to write for the teaser, wish us luck, we are almost there. We will let you know when it is ready!!
Great job explaining social media
Cool, thank you! You going?
FCOMDOS about to do my hair this weekend, I don't feel like doing it myself. Lol.
Peyton Manning to the 49ers? They are in the mix per reports. That makes more sense to me than DEN, TEN or MIA.
OMG. ": "Dubstep, I like that band!" I don't want to live on this planet any more."
you better
I just bought my Platinum badge for ! Couldn't be more excited 2 take in all Interactive & Music industry talk!! CantWait
Taylor made and 15 chaos having good game
This is the part of the semester where I start wishing I would have worked a little harder over the past few months.
address unknown
ha! Bless her heart. Looks like a 9 doing a headstand between a pushy L and a needy l.
Jada Pinkett-Smith Continuing Her Music Career! [VIDEO] | The ...
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Somebody want to give a shout out? :D
are you spinning at your event?
Thanks good brother! I want what's best for our communities, and I love my A-Phi-A! 06!
App heavily rewritten this week and almost complete. Totally ready for the weekend.
Oh...when did it start raining???
You mean like the 'nonpartisan' Verify the Recall. Where is your story on the GAB's analysis of VTR findings?
is already ready to go to sleep already
Great deal for expecting moms! Shop at this weekend and get a $150 gift card towards a Newborn Photography Session!
That's a really scary and dangerous way of thinking North Carolina. It's a form of bigotry that is honestly breathtaking. I don't get it.
everybody's tweeting! You're so popular…
I don't want to undermine Whitney Houston's death or influence, but the media has such a field-day with celebrity deaths it is sickening.
support was non-existent. Just pointed me to support articles I already went through. No customized help. Good luck!
haha yea she was drunk as hell I woulda came back but had a headache and Okk I'm in ther
Excited to hear #AHAA2012 presentation on US Latina Women!
At least this class is air- conditioned
time for a late lunch then off to the post office and bank. my days are so action packed.
Smoking a 7 gram blunt >>
Spent 0-11 hours socializing yesterday
I'm rocking some gray as well but so is George Clooney and know cares about his! Lol
We're nearing 5,000 "likes"...help us reach that magical number. Invite your friends TODAY!
thrilled And congrats!!!
Thanks for coming to Winstons last night everyone! Good Times Indeed!!! -BAC
Have not read the books? RT : OK, "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is not a sexy date night flick.
btw you CAN turn off screen recording by clicking on the screen option rather than looking at drop down
ha ha! Good question :)
ahh that's a great sight! Pitlane at dawn.
Silver Stars rookies Danielle Robinson (Oklahoma), Danielle Adams (Texas A&M), Porsha Phillips (Georgia) all score their first WNBA points.
if a race car bed is there...I'll flash it. I highly doubt that though, hahaha.
CLIPPERS GOING IN!
Goodbye grandma Beatrice. Onto the next lucky vehicle..
I don't get mad often, but I'm mad right now. Urggggggggggg! Not a good Valentine's Day..
my mom is getting an olive plant :)
yeah .. she messed that up. Lol
Only compliment bigger than a newbie revistin same day is a skeptic orderin 1 & b4 they get to their car ..they raise their hand 4 more..
It's official. Our house is going to be on the Ballard Historical Society's home tour. Time to get to work putting the finishing touches on
If you can't figure out if a guy is gay or straight, just listen closely to how he says the word "bitch."
Ahh mommys weekend. Gotta mothers day card frum my bro . That def made my weekend :D clubbn 2nite wit my bad bytches .
Joy, sometimes we have to be careful what we wish for. :(
Truth! RT If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great. -Tom Hanks
Wow. Chris Davis 0-8 with FIVE strikeouts. If 4 Ks is a Golden Sombrero, what is 5 Ks?
Smh I hate doing shows with unprofessional shows..
Be a good cheer. Dont think of today's failures but the success that may come tomorrow. Persevere U will find a joy in overcoming obstacles
I finally sent my deposit for WPU. I'm definitely going there this fall .
Crap! Crap! Can't get password on blog to take! Locked out on my first day! WTF?! Bugger.
Artest is on Fire!!!
no one understands the epic awesomeness of our dance
ok girl. Just drugged myself. Should start kicking in any minute. Gonna check email and then put the buds in. xxoo
Hahahaha vania says she loves you
Omg seriously? 1.5 days til vacation... I think I can, I think I can!!
I was serious
I would love to send him something but I wouldn't have a clue what to write! ;)
Calling someone stupid wont make you smarter just saying lol >.<
Ratliff and Hatcher were both above average in terms of interior pass rushers. More depth wouldn't hurt though.
Met someone the other day who said he'd had scurvy. He totally won the cool old-timey disease lotto.
The cut in my mouth got bigger.
yes !! > RT : can't wait to see you and at ! what a way to bring in the new year!
crap i got scared for a second i thought i had to wake up at 6:30 to go to school and i havent finished my hw
Merry Christmas && Have a wonderful and blessed day!
The feathered pen?
Chaz Evans: "The Brechtian Video Game" - video game immersion creates empathy for dystopia; Brecht might say its astronishment
it's gonna be excellent, you're doing solid work thus far mate!
Oh God I've worked so much this week
“Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing.” - Helen Keller | Here's to daring adventures every single day.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure... Bill Cosby ~ #quote via
#txconfwomen gina otto. wow. i'm going to check out cassandra's angel, a children's book
Let me train you in the beautiful Hollywood Hills.
my mind is still wandering about who your race car boyfriend is with all the shit that you have to up with is! Hahah
Women ’s: Angry Birds – The Nest
All HS Students! This Thursday @ Club Fuego! Biggest HS Party In SA! 98.5 The Beat Broadcasting Live! Dj Prodigy In the Mix
I don't know if Nicki Minaj is a really annoying rapper or really annoying singer.
I could only watch like 7 minutes of it. Lol
check the other one
Homework time begins ...... NOW
Will do!
Send the heat back to hell 👨
Come rage the Mad Frog in Cincy with us this Friday for 's birthday!
I'm printing up bumper stickers saying: "VERY Proud to be From Maine"
Going to be great if the WX breaks right.
DO U KNW WAT IT FEELS LIKE 2 HAVE UR HEART RIPPED OUT AND SPIT ON, AND THEN RIPPED 2 PIECES RIGHT N FRONT UR FACE, I DO AND IT A BITCH
Another prep game
JJ is going to have a good celebration
It's starting to settle in that in 6 weeks I'm leaving my awesome home in the woods in MD to move 3000 miles to L.A.
because its the best/ most time consuming website EVER
DUDE I GOT A STORY WITH ME AND "a"!!!! im so fraking heated !
Making work outs a daily thing and feeling good. Anyone recommend any muscle mass building protein? Trying to gain some weight
kind of feel like I look okay and then...hideous...but then okay. I dunno.
If the wind doesn't stop play today, Tiger the rest of the top Americans should be on the course in So Cal...
Sleep is for babies.
I want a brownie right now. Yum.
He is feeling much better and drinking water out of the faucet as usual. Thanks for asking.
I think it's a compliment but there are some words I can't make out
I have a Dick, u sounded like u needed sum, I was only offering, u dont want it, kool #ontothenext (and u mad cuz?) U corny lol
True :( x2 RT : Wait I just heard canceled :( true?
radio piece on about sending paper invites instead of email ones. even a trip to the print press! FUCK THE 'NET
My eyes burn.
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Palm Beach 1pm, Daytona Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm & Mobile 2pm.
#IWE2012...We are talking about action with !
Facebook Lite: For those who can't handle the good stuff.
I'm glad you're tweeting! And I totally agree.
hope your launch was a success! felicidades
I love blazin through all the lights at 4am, it's like you're one with the universe 🙏
RT : Anyone NOT entered into the contest for a $25 Gift Card? Read about their craft beer event to see...
Business owners also need the financial advice of a CPA for things like declining assets.
In Your Presence That's Where I Am Strong! In Your Presence That's Where I Belong! In Your Presence Oh God! In Your Presence! HALLELUJAH!
A great movie. But I believe that to approach the movie with a theory is a mistake: the movie atheoretical; the dude abides.
I need to paint my nails, again.
people who would kill for a pair of J's <<<<<
Time is a problem, yes. But the anonymous nature of the evals bothers me, too, when I would be happy to have a conversation.
Think I'm Not Seeing #ABDC7 Tonight :/
I think you can get a good meal by your gate for like $5! ... Man, do I crack myself up
Weather right now <
RT : Hey, I hope you're havin a tweeterrific day!
Send Ne Something sorry :))
10 essays for a history class, seriously?
My eyes are only red because of allergies
Awww feel better Kevin!!! And I just have a little cold but it's finals so I don't want it to get worse :(
Not gonna lie, TLC is probably one of my favorite TV channels. Seriously, if you want a tv show about it, they have it.
it's gonna be crazy!
Happy Mother's Day!
im HUNGRY
2:45 and my work is just beginning ;-)
Lala is sold out. I was gunna attempt to save for it:/
RT : Enjoyed a bottle of Engagement from our wine club shipment with dinner. - LOVE ! :)
Good Morning! On 99.1 The Mix until noon and then watch football all day!
Duck Dynasty? This show for real??
Marry xmas everyone time to smoke my beef jerky ya
Including today, only 8 more times I have to come to this stupid class...
Nopers... Gonna log out, the log in. See if that helps.
Your venue looks amazing! I just took a look at your website - it is gorgeous!
#Braves win tonight, #Nuggets win game 3, #Celtics win game 3.
Yeah we still need a picture.
I need to double check but infant tee 9 pm for sure and us at 955-10ish
Have applied for 400+ jobs 4 which I am qual'ed in #DC with #USAJOBS. Can't even get an interview! Have grt exp, grt ed, grt aps. Y?
Unfollow this page and follow dha new one
watch the lakers flop the game again for sayin this shit lol
Maple and bacon wings are so amazing
I don't care if I just spent an hour and a half in 40 degree weather just talking to you. It was the best hour I've had in a long while...♥
Fun #Chicago fact: When it opened in 1930, the Merchandise Mart was the largest building in the world with 4,000,000 sq ft of floor space.
This day and age, folk need to turn flips in their dunks...
haha very true, but that was funny! You should bitched him out!
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether are and heather Morris!!!! They would be the best couple ever....there so cute together
what's your sister name again? 👂
Wow...you guys, guess what? We are almost up to 70 Likers on FB! We continue to work on our reach, and so appreciate all or our fans! :-)
Mention of Sarah palin gets hoots, claps from crowd.
Don't watch hockey but Black Hawks win in ot good game.
Congrats to our employees that survived the #MiniMarathon this weekend!
#ConfusedLook I really don't give a fuck, yet ur still talking....
OMG on #americanidol :D !!!! I love you <3
TY for the shout out Very excited for this year's event!
KRY's album got almost as much screw-age as Jino's career.
Thanks to all who supported! RT : Congrats to for getting approval for their brew house project...
finally friday dnt even feel like goin to school going to anyways
You will be heartbroke for certain.
It feels like lightning is about to strike out of the clear blue, doesn't it? Have a great last day of the year, people. :)
RT : you rock girl. it's our pleasure! thanks for putting up with us!
Watching War Horse. They should have called it Horsie Friends' Grand European Adventure!
Oh Okay!
sure just lemme know when n where
sorry, son called just before final buzzer on his way to ER with a cooking injury! Ran out the doors into the rain--P&PT please!
Just watched the Tupac hologram performance. Am I the only one who finds it incredibly sad and disturbing?
Listening to Radio Disney. One direction is playing. That is all.
awesome I can play it on the Incredible too!
Gucci Mane new mix tape droppin!
your by hugging sweater.
I haven't had a cough for almost five years now and I completely forgot how horrendous it is, I haven't been able to sleep for more than...
cant stop playing #WhoMadeWho's Brighter Album.
My dog's seasonal blow out of his undercoat is no joke
I used to have trust issuses ...
sorry ABQ is so ghetto.
#LakersFanExcuseTomorrow : Well if Derek Fisher was still a Laker...
Did journalist dude really think he was going 2 get away w/ "___ in the armor?" WOW! Idea 4 New occupy: occupy for Jeremy Lin!
avilles is on a absolute tear the past 2-3 weeks btw. Ill see u july 15th
It's true. We'll never get to present at #sxswi about how we created the ultimate mini t-shirt cannon.
So thankful for everything/everyone I have in my life! I hope everyone is able to enjoy their Thanksgiving today!
Anybody needs a mascot this Summer at State Fair let me know.
haha nice of you to say
So irritating. Might be time to call it quits.
and I will always hate the Lakers too. Ugh, don't get me started :)
RT Why is it easier to be mad at people you trust? Because you know that no matter what happens, they will always love you<3
I thought Mauer was catching tonight?
What's up? This is your biggest fan, Antoine. You are one of my favorite pornstars. So sexy. I hope we meet soon..Muah ;-)
Good News! I got FREE ADMISSION TICKETS 4 PACHA this Sunday to see DJ CHUCKIE.... Leme Kno who wants!!!
"...installation or a photograph, an 'objet d'art' doesn't just erupt from the top of a beret, but is the result of a concrete activity...."
When you think you're not happy with your life, always think that someone is happy simply because you exist.
Why is Rick Santorum getting an Oscar for adapted screenplay? :-)
“: Onto the next series ... Do the Lakers have enough fuel to outlast the young gun Thunder?” No.
And this is why you're not getting shit for mothers day
Being told your most likely not going to graduate.
This Laker beating is so BAD I'm not even enjoying it.
yeah, we're pretty much down to the dregs. Watching a He-Man and She-Ra: The Secret of the Sword. It's getting pretty intense.
Makes for a long weekend for you, but I say "worth it" if it gives you a special birthday.
Congratulations to Mesa College Honors student Alisa Boyko for winning the HTCC Poster Design contest/scholarship!
Latest #chobani thoughts. Passion Fruit, taste ok, seeds, blech. Blood orange, same prob as lemon. Dairy/citrus don't mix.
hosting a NEMA/NAME networking event at DeCordova Sculpture Park and Museum at 3pm today
RT "People who lean on logic & philosophy & rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind" ~ William B. Yeats
I was just made aware I might not be able to watch #SKC tonight. FML.
We're not so lucky, wish it were cold
My swirl game would be so cold.
If you are still talking about what you did yesterday, you haven't done much today.
You guys, thor is a heartthrob.
you make me wanna say bye bye
#Trivia What year did the Rose Garden open?
I owe most of what I know about #rails right now to the by Michael Hartl and the EdgeGuides. THANK YOU to all the authors!
Don't panic! Get some food stored in your home, and breathe easier! Food...the currency of the future-hopefully the distant future.
not much! I do feel like I abandoned twitter :( what's up?
I live every day as if it were the last day of my 20s.
And only ugly bitches go to twitter jail thats why you own the facility!!!!?..
I need to quit reading tweets before bed... I follow too many awesome people who talk about stuff that makes me stabby. Heh. Goodnight?
ding ding! now he knows I'm safe. Lol
You're welcome!
So true! The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched...but are felt in the heart. ~ Helen Keller
pretty sure i learned "sharrow " from a tweet
But then again no one is normal lol.
where u going?
im doing good an u?
I'm so horny
Basketball & softball tryouts tomorrow. #yay.. 🏀⚾
(AP) -- Lottery official: Winning Mega Millions ticket sold in Maryland; unknown if others sold.
And just like that the #Bolts take the lead.
for men, not the ladies. I like both denim/Chambray on women!
I don't need drugs, I play video games.
You should also check out playstub.com on your iPhone's web browser. It doesn't have stats, but gives you good commentary.
Editing the family newsletter! Yay! What a year it's been...
I feel the shittiest of all shits right now.
if you followed me ariana it would make my weekend..<3 love from IRELAND xo
.working out! :D I wanna go somewheree.
Walgreens has white cheddar popcorn.
If you like Krakauer, follow With Eric West on facebook/ on twitter for Everest and adventure updates daily.
just used a blow dryer to "iron" mine...
oh, yes, I knew that, I was just waiting for it to show up on the rafflecopter. wishing it had been me! :)
Tripped on my long skirt today and now my hip hurts... must have pulled something, rarrrr
haha you saw?!?! That's awesome!:)
All I want for Christmas is Rocktagon MMA tickets....Details coming soon!
A little voice once told me, "Be the person that your parents, friends, future friends and everyone else in ur life hopes you can be"
Trying to gain weight is really hard. I don't know how all of you can do it so easily.
thanks for the follow
We'll see how it goes.
Much like #Canucks fans are with us #LAKings people! Haha
Im bored bored bored bored. Just had nachos though!!
haha thank you !
Would've been hilarious if Eli Manning walked out with Mayweather
yea you can, a lot of dishes are cooked in olive oil. The much healthier substitute for butter in most cases
Had a dream about Moons Over My Hammy! M.....it was post drinking. I love breakfast foods-hate breakfast times.
Enjoy a good meal and some laughs with friends today. Don't allow your troubles to kill that wonderful spirit that resides within.
may the best man win
RT : Get your FREE tea here! RT for a chance to win a free bag of Tiesta Tea
uh yum! I need to get up early enough for brunch :) We liked the #hh wings, prawn skewers, & fruity martinis
I'm more content now. There's rumors McCoy is gone. No QB debate. Get some WRs now and things might shape up. Hopefully.
Only 50 days till the 46th Annual Saint Patrick's Day Parade. Let's make it the best one yet!
My DH is ~80% Paleo except for 1 or 2 microbrew on the weekend & some non-GMO corn products. His bf% & health is much improved.
Your success is determined by what you are willing to ignore.
Facebook + Twitter + Youtube = Reasons my homework isn't done.
Is that a fire by 94 west?
lol go sleep mongrel
you my friend are crazy! I feel like handing u a pillow... or at least wear your sun glasses cuz of the *cough* glare *cough*
you're welcome. i use about three different twitter clients because each offers different features :-)
I hate my face is trending <-- lmao. Who starts these?! Aha
Instead of decoder rings, just admit you're a giant geek and that kind of thing can't be contained...
PARTY TIME!!! LIl Wayne is in the house tonight for our weekly White House concert!!! I LOVE this job!!! Here we go Lil Weezy!!!
TWEET to MEN: Really ask yourself, do I LIKE this girl..or do I LIKE the possibility of SEX with her #PHYSICALattraction is a distraction
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
Castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually - Jimi Hendrix.
Breakfast- Lunch- Dinner- Il Mito
I know you're at #blc11 but when you have time, I'd love to pick your brain re: FB & schools. Tx for sharing your dis. pol. Gr8!
I think the Big East is in Big trouble.
Then these "dick rider finger pointers" your my favorite . Stay pointing out the flaw that put a Bitch on top, that you don't posess.
#U11 a Vancouver Grizzlies jersey...dad bought it for me...back in the day lol
yeeah 3 other people ! and one of them was his friend
I know what tht means -_-
Snakes, snakes... I dunno no snakes!
Amazing night at bessy! Thanks Tinz!
RT : We're not even a month into baseball and I already need a massage. See ya tomorrow !
Aw I just left! Happy Birthday!!
Hangin out at Joys party with what Rock Stars!
I swear this girl from work is so fucking beautiful
I have a drive-up for cigs in my town.
Who wins in this trade? Maclin and M. Turner for Adrian Peterson
respect my gucci pose! lol
lol why's that?
Whatever good comes tomorrow, starts with today.
Hey Bear - nice to meet you. What kind of bike? :)
Boy do I miss the Mongolian Cafe on 1960.
Life is too short. Screw the hate. Reciprocate the love. Have fun and get wild.
Finally getting the chance to record with my band soon! We should be on Noisy Planet in no time
#Imagine You: do i look pretty today? Austin: no You: why? Greyson: you dont look pretty, you're beautiful everyday♥
We appreciate all the love, support,hate from yall. Keep spreading the word. Fly #FirstClass or be a coach flying hoe. :)
Weeds season 6 hope it's good.
The hardest part about the business is minding your own
How do people reference their already #published work in a #query? Do you mention #sales numbers, use #review snippets?
Stellar shows tonight. Much love for and lookin forward to new discovery
Tracy McGrady is trying to see that second round. 10 points already
Downtown LA Family Court this morning.
0_o What did I just see?
4th time's a charm <'3
Twitter can be so depressing at times !!!.
so are ex-VDC people.
Play-Doh makes working on projects fun!
Mother u can't just flip out on me saying I took some ish
Baltimore/Metro area musicians and fans! OpenGrooves.com... FREE networking site! Try it out for FREE! Sign up for a FREE account!
: "What do we do every night pinky, try to take over the world." ...lol. I don't know we'll figure something out Saturday.
how wasn't jose theodore a consideration?
go buy one!! You're missing out on the fun . Lol
Watching the Secret Life!
Think of life as an Enjoy Ride.
you have to come to my baby shower missy!!
1/12/2011 The Most Important Part of a Website Design B2C Marketing Insider
my homie just told me about a movie screenin' he went to last nite...Justin Bieber's movie...he said its good...take your kids....
Thanks friend! Yes, I need to check them out. Excited to hear you speak this weekend, too!
Mike and Ike's = DELICIOUSNESS:D
Hello twitter peeps(:
why don't u ?
Believe it or not she be on everything
at least I know who my real friends are now.
demand more and be prepared for others to tell you, your request is unreasonable.
I love her smart bad ass.
it's ok man, everybody need love
Best will ferrell movie?
My coworker shared a Ghirardelli dark chocolate square with sea salt caramel. It was really good. I might have a new fav candy
forget sharkweek... brian cox is on science channel!
depends on how severe. Put lots of aloe on it after cooling it, and it won't blister at all
Bitch I'm goin in lmao yup hard
yes,you do. Rubbing it in? :p
That's some good music. Miss you too! cc
So anybody think Mario Chalmers look faster now he back?.
I think it's always fun to get a man's perspective on things! I think she'd do amazing on her own, though! Girl power!
damn shame
don't pirate my recordings !
gimme your email address ! lol
curious - 2 small? Not tough enough? We're trying the XL extreme Kong on 2 pits (70-85lbs) w/ success - so far.
Don't ever say to someone "trust me"...it's just like saying "don't look down".
so where's the lifeproof iPad case guys? Griffin has a competing product that's already on the market, but Not waterproof
Thank God Big Ben isn’t BLACK, I like Big Ben he is a winner and a great QB, but if this was Donovan McNabb
#followmerebecca!! please i love your songs and your an insparation!!
I'm gonna check it out. I love Kerry Washington.
I got a laptop baybee :) I have to get it connected to the internet though.
...so much and not give? Is that LIFE question, or a lyrical question? :P
Cut. it. out.
The Arabian monopoly on coffee was ruined by a Muslim pilgrim from India named Baba Budan.
wow that means so much. and makes me happy <3 you're a great person. and always an amazing support i'm so thankful for.
So true! RT : You know you travel too much when your friends stop asking "how are you?" and instead ask "where are you?"
Scratch the work out. I'm going back to bed lol
haaha thats why i usually turn em off at night! worst is when my phone dies and when i charge it my phone is on..
While I enjoy the hand-drawn more; there's something dynamic about both vector and hand-drawn styles used together.
you never talk to me no more /: im upset with you bout that .
no kidding. I think he dissed us.
Cold hearted bitch- Jet. On the radio. Made my day!
Rite Aid need to step up the look, its starting to look dated. Walgreens is the sh!!!t, its looks so fresh and clean........
My Yahoo group is listed within my profile info. Soon, read my latest pendulum paper that I posted in my Yahoo group. Pendulum Power!!!
jamming to smash while getting ready is a great way to start the day.
it's the same place lol
"Friends are the family you choose." - Ron Sachs
“: “ Potato or tortilla chips?” potato. For sure”<-- I concur. Unless you happen to have some guac to go with it!
Lord Creator God, I bring you no strength or other resources, yet I choose your way see your deliverance.
Vamos a la playa, oh oh oh oh :)
will you give me the date you will know ahead of time?? But can you make that date 5-8-12??
Keep tlkin that mess thats fine.
Hey I'm posting my video this weekend for the Acuvue contest!
That'll never happen!
Yea. That's what the fuck I thought. You ain't about that lifestyle.
I am CRYING.
Often/ not always. Radical feminism is really focused on dismantling patriarchy, which - most radfems argue - is the point of>
SaaS, software as a service. Beautiful solution
You know why America is fat? Because a medium soft drink at Zaxby's is one liter.
"Despite All Odds -- Celtics vs Lakers in 2012 NBA Finals"
Happy birthday hope I get to catch me a fugitive in your honor tonight
he got kobeitis except he starting to seem lil worse then kobe
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace prize.
Come back soon! The weather's finally good again.
Caught in a big mess, that I really want to get out of.
maybe the kid was crying bc she chose android.
My foot's asleep and it hurts like a mother.
Fiorina's #DemonSheep is sweeping the nation. Clever DSCC response - Demon Sheep search ads tied to a funny petition - nice work
buying it right now.
Goodnight everyone
RT : How do you perfect perfection? A whoopie pie with a Baileys cream center! Get one Fri at Unblurred on Penn- we'll be...
Well, I like them both. They're both perfect, like no joke. I love 'emm.<3 lool
lol your held account for my case
very smooth roll g!!! lol RT Niggas saying I slipped like a boss lmao
Were those crotales I heard in the last chase sequence of MI:4? If so, Tim Simonec must be pleased!
TODAY in my 'hood: #Parkland Neighborhood Improvement Association hosts community-wide yard sale from 8am-2pm at 28th & Hale
Cold dreary days make our Green Chile Stew and B.O.G. Burrito your BFF's.
I LOVE. ...olives.
Hi Dina, thanks for following :) Nuclear Medicine sounds really cool! Have a great weekend.
It's #Castle's 3rd anniversary today :)
no I wanna surprise you !
We have the BEST fans in the world!
I was gone eas up anyway cuz the homie wanna cut ...
Just shot in the dark that ya just might, be the one i've been waiting for my whole life.
what's up man?
i hate tht
RT : I'ts Natl Dog Day!! Go give your favorite canines a big hug today!
I'm thinking the same thing: quick - fire up the Traeger!
plz pray for me yall im ODEE sick, feels like wen i got the swine flu
she already got mine;) haha
nice idea but i wonder if these emotional predictions would be comforting or conflict-inducing in terms of family relations
follow me please :)
RT : Any pianists and singers out there want me to write an artsong based on a Nigerian scam letter for them?..want to write one.
Responded to FIRE @ 343 Jefferson Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11216 and helped 10 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
#HackedByMamaMahone (: love you Mama !!
great meeting a fellow boulderite! Impressed with the awesome collection and applaud the high regard to delivering quality bags
cool im just on twitter
At Home Show this Weekend? Come by booth 1473 to visit Recreations Oultet! Send picture of u there & we'll send you a surprise!!
thanks for stopping by the #AxeCombineHouse tonight!
hahaha what? who?
seeing a said picture of makes me sad for the WHOLE day!-.-
cool chip dont miss you or anything either!
So great to meet you as well. Let's keep in touch.
Had to get a new phone...EVO 3D. Not much of an upgrade but it'll do.
Are you the Teri Christopher who used to my boss (production coordinator) on the set of "Hearts Afire"? : )
MRIs feel like a horror movie in a coffin. My advice -- never open your eyes. It's 45 mins of sound torture.
You aint even lying!! Thats the sad part!
This is what happens when one stays out past their bed time
be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?
What are the odds on school closings? Anyone running a parents' pool?
#ff because if you don't, she'll have your ass deported.
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority. Tom Hopkins
that's good. What college you go to?
tabling just went live today at noon, maybe if you refresh it will work?
12th try against Seth as Sakura on easy. On easy for crying out loud. Y TF is he so hard?!
is a self-healing book always in beta?
So is that place's slogan still "Tacos for when you're blackout drunk at 3 in the afternoon" ?
back to the grindstone
editor STIRS CONTROVERSY by accusing editor of SHIRKING!
I'm done
wonder how the scrimmage went between hillsboro n hunters lane????
I'm at and isn't here...I'm confused...
Thanks, spread the word!
4 reminders/day to use your camera: ask to take some shots of that smart person you know. She may be intimidating but you have a job to do!
its carmen :D
welcome to LA!!!
shut up trell at the crib
#wordstodescribeme caring, ambitious, determined, peacemaker.
Long weekend of moving behind me. Uugggg and now getting ready to play some music later:-)
did u just see that move Kobe did
Happy to assist! -- Wish I could be there! :-)
had an awesome birthday! n is in lobe with you me at six! josh<3
Sunday College glow party ladies free!
My ex text me "I miss you" I text him back with "the subscriber you've reached does not give a crap ."
thanks for the rt (:
Alec Baldwin claimed that #30Rock is set to end after Season 7. Several characters will surely be missed. Which 30 Rock character are you?
Let's celebrate last night's win with $4 Three Olives Cocktails and cheer them on to their next victory of the series!
