you are the most stunning woman ever!
only my manager can ring up discounts so I can't have you up there
haha!(: yeah you're the coolest belieber! I don't get why the fandoms fights but whateves! We're just awesome peacekeepers
Good morning world
Attempting to re-re-link twitter and facebook. It stopped working a few weeks ago but I haven't taken the time to fix it.
: ": Funny! Vanessa, remember when we were in flight to NYC and girl ran up asking if u are Tyra Banks?
Last Summer it was so hot in New York everybody was complaining now we have nothing but snow and they are still complaining, never satisfied
Looking forward to meeting with some amazing entrepreneurs next monday Thx! :)
Every Relationship Has Its Problems But What Makes It Perfect Is When You Still Want To Be There When Everything Sucks
Brown Boxer Madeira Beach FL awesome margaritas, cheesesteak, roast beef dip, onion rings, fish tacos, 50+ beers, pool, Rays on parade.
Oh yea she is, I had to check her out since she got your cosign ": in my defense is sexy af"
love that song RT “: #NOWPLAYING and Can't Stop Me on the #FridayNiteMixTape with and ”
Also I still have mostly every note any girl has given me and or drawings...Gotta keep these highschool memories to look back at in the ...
Thank you Fritzy for asking the hard hitting questions to . Always hilarious when the 5th Dannette is on!
Working on my bathroom'''
Happy Treso de Mayo everybody!! I'm going to hate myself for tweeting this within seconds
yeah buddy!
should I start looking into TLP t-shirts? guess what color they'd be.
Attempting to give myself a crash course in social networking, new media, and internet marketing, specifically for nonprofits. Fun.
Home at last. So good to be back!
I wish I was walking for the cure today ):
Gov. Brownback wants to increase the tax burden on the 99% and then lower the burden on the 1%. And if I complain...that is class warfare??
is that hail today?
welcome to tweet world!
was that you in the first game? i've been wondering about that. you got to round two and the cyclops player didn't, correct?
gotta also plug The Ex's collaborations with late cellist Tom Cora. "State of Shock" -> "Hidegen fujnak a szelek"!
Let's hope so!
Morning! Where did #MotherNature 's spin-a-season 2012 land where you are? We're back to Spring in Fl...
Fantastic narrative from #YFF collection of pre-hipster #LES drug culture from youth POV
Night Christine is on Denver time. Morning Christine is on DC time. Sadly, naptime Christine is not on the trip.
the world of software is a pretty good platform for all of that.
#O'Reilly #Obama - I have to say, I was impressed. Surprisingly, That was a pretty good interview.
Thanks Paul for your warm comment. Keep supporting the Moth.
everybody is a critic...lol posting some more soon
Any parent that has had a son or daughter involved in Pop Warner in San Diego County knows how much Junior Seau gave of himself.
I had to google it lol
Your business sounds fab. Just signed up for beta & updates. Really useful!! :)
hey, did twitter unfollow u or did u
its a drought for live music at the station - hope to catch some cool gigs soon
I would say car bomb ninja, but that just sounds bad
I sure hope that Grizzlies/Clippers series go to 7. otherwise KSAT12 should just have the pregame show instead of church on TV....
I Love You moree
haha whoops. sorry! my phone lies to me...
You know when you're at a house party and Annie from St. Vincent shows up? I do
The night is young, i wanna fucking partayyy
M.... commie pussy! So, socialistic! My tongue marx the spot! BLAMO!
yes so true
Thanks to everyone who helped make the National Symposium on Arts/Cultural/Entertainment Districts so successful!
I'm writing again ha no more ruts And don't you hate when autocorrect changes the word to something you don't want
I care and hope you find what you are looking for, maybe it will find you instead
Hey guys!! How goes it? And I absolutely will!! (:
Just checking to see if you received saynplay and what you and your little one think? A Snow day is a great day to play it!
BUT NOW I NEED TO KNOW. I NEED TO SEND A BELATED BIRTHDAY CARD.
“: Women mature much faster than men.” no shit.
would yoou please just follow me already?? i love you soo muchh<3
Did I hear the word "pints" mentioned? :)
no, but his career averages will bring that back down to 9-7. Watch out for Arizona
Watching the waynes bros
I have come to the great realization that I only need 5 people in my life to make me truly happy. I am #grateful . They are my
u look amazing......how was it
I wish I was a few years older and lived with a partner so I can kick him out bed right now and make him make me a pb&j sandwich.
Wrap up your Holiday shopping early with a Choice Eating gift certificate.
Q7: glaucoma, diabetes, and even life-threatening conditions like a brain tumor
gl with that.
Minnesota latest school to express interest in Oconomowoc sophomore T.J. Schlundt of the Wisconsin Swing 17U program.
Dreamworks "Black listed" by Corp responsibility magazine-I'd really like Tom Hanks & Mr. Spielberg to call me about this. Don't send Darth.
#TheWineLoft #Southlake has a new chef!!! Stop by and ask for Kevin. New menu. Amazing anti-pasta appetizer.
and a got off late too!! If we aint woke u fresh outta luck
See you there!
Welcome! “: A big welcome to Colleen, our newest Samaritan Ministry intern, on her first day!”
Steak n Shake! I'm glad isn't serving us.... #gross ;)
RT : Chris Polk wins honors as the Seattle Sports Star Male Athlete of the Year. Keith Price accepts on his behalf. ...
Keep posting your thoughts. People are listening. :)
I've had enough excitement for one day. Tomorrow, I tackle D&D with the nerds. Woot?? At least I have brand new shiny dice
and we were also praying for the Franks family.
telling your Realtor that you have an active offer w/ another agent at the 11th hour is NOT the best way to get us to work quicker.
9 hits through 4 innings so far.
Hooray for my husband who ran after the knife grinder on a blustery afternoon. I had forgotten the pleasure of a really sharp knife.
drunk tweeting? Lol
THANKS FOR MAKING ME CRY
Grading best employer presentations on State Farm - Spfld Clinic - St Johns - Sikich - Horace Mann - LLCC all from Springfield Bus Journal
Superman has Tim Tebow pajama pants
Happy birthday to the GRAND man See you soon in life buddy ;)
im getting u that bag lbds
rez I need to borrow ur abs for the weekend, can we make this happen...
see you soon!
oh shit... I just fucking pre cummed in my pants... damn it!
#Pittsburgh #Penguins vs NY Rangers Tonight 7:00 PM Let's go #Yinz #Pens!!
well I'm just glad he gonna get famous but I just wanted to meet him at least once:(
“: The harder one works the easier it looks... Don't be fooled.” Piv's droppin knowledge right here
Outsourcing was not formally identified as a business strategy until 1989 (Mullin, 1996).
The weekend looks dicey starting with scattered showers on Saturday. 64° inland, 54° lakeside. Keep the umbrella handy!
so nice of Donaldson not to strike out there.
I can see you're having trouble? :I
taking last minute requests and dedications for IT Metrics agenda items
Lots of sleepy heads in RDA 201
Good morning
As you see, my response time is not improving! I got picked up after the early afternoon session. Did you stay for the keynote?
we're following strictly out of fear. Please don't beat us up.
I know I'm very late to the game, but just got a crash course in courtesy of Where has this been all my life?!
Gr8 Day All!
I don't mind..
I've burned my hands 3 times today 🔥👋😡
would like to thank for some awesome photos!
Hey #Colts fans, what do you think about #Manning's decision?
the fact that 's background is of my girl Marilyn >>>>
LOL! Its no worldstarhiphop but boxing should do just fine. :p
all for one & one for all :)
Looks like there's going to be a "lot" of new antiques to go through! Or should that be old antiques? Nothing much at the auction tonight.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
haha ok i will go back after work and buy one of each flavor and we will have a cardboard-cream cookie party!
“: If you are passionate about something, pursue it, no matter what anyone else thinks. That’s how dreams are achieved.”
Psyched to be in LA for sessions with my old chums: Chapman Stick player Steve Ellison and trumpeter Eric Dahlman!
The Holton Youth & Family Center is reopening. Share your ideas & input today from 12 - 2 p.m. at 510 E. Burleigh. Prizes, food, fun & info!
definitely! It's soo important!
I've been to worthington & grandview all before 10am. Busy busy morning.
Stop tweeting about your hairy ass pussy..
Kicking back enjoying the time im given, soon its back on my grizzy
Everyone you can buy tickets for the next game on ticketmaster. Buy now
. Would like to learn abt Visual SOAR. We've started talking w/our First Year Center about a program for incoming students.
is coming to Southern College of Optometry ()! 18 April at 6:30 PM CST! Students & Faculty, mark your calendars!
I thought I would die without him. It turns out I wasn't alive with him.
for real???? what day....i need to take a day off. We got WORK to do.
I just want to look like like ugh please?
rt Fink I am guna go on the wii
Intense love does not measure. It just gives.
good idea!
Here at the Mill Top with !
Im still on the fence about going.....im scared of haha
Last night’s tie added to wealth of evidence proving no scientific basis for “On your feet!” leading to #RITHockey goal.
RT If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it.
completed first week in working with Main Profile Salon Denville, NJ. Owner's Irene and Susan great Job promoting #salon and products!
I worked for Reagan in 1980. Mitt Romney is no Ronald Reagan. Reagan was a union president and admirer of FDR.
My profile picture in my timeline is coming up as - even #Facebook has bugs.
Snow in the morning and now the sun is shining = why Colorado is the best
what does that mean?
I mean he took a cab four hours to bring them to us lol
Everyone's life is an object lesson to others. - Karl G. Maeser
Downpours be damned!! (@ Whitnall Golf Course) [pic]:
i love skyscraper
Keep Calm And Be Forever Young <3
Playing an early outdoor show in berea, ky... What's going on tonight?
Oklahoma woman gets probation for money laundering
Hi Joanne, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
lol! tell our mutual friend he needs a twitter!
Today I told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer. It didn't answer. I figure it's just waiting for the right moment
But it's not free. It's not too bad, I put a bunch of books on hold at the SPL and it emails you when they are ready to download.
": ...and why do I have Stewie Griffin's "Intercourse With You" stuck in my head?!" Love me some Stewie. Lol
Congratulations for winning lunch with
For Engineering and Architecture types we also have Wacom Bamboo input tablets
in this, they pretend it's a book for purposes of rights, but rely on crap OCR, poor proofing, etc. It's a contractual gambit.
That's a great quote: RT I know vote doesn't make big difference but votes not cast make no difference.
Ok, if u don't trust me don't talk to me okey? I'm sick!
Very pleased to get all the classes I wanted for Winter Term. Looking forward to the Brian Bendis graphic novel class.
I offer FREE Online 1-on1 Mandarin Chinese Instructions for beginners by Skype! Email me to make your schedule:
Not a bad hackers:hacks ratio at inaugural gathering. We're well positioned for content+security+game mech+advertisng tech
OMG it was.
Dear : Put your pen where your mouth is. Allow same-sex couples to apply for fiancé(e) visas.
Happy Birthday "Jesus" I wouldnt be where I am today if it wasnt for YOU, thank you
lol. We did Seafood on Thrusday and used the left overs for Cioppino on Friday. Yumm! HOme made garlic bread too.
Had the best weekend ever with the best girlfriend in the world, love you
I've seen some pretty sad situations in Gallup, so I understand. Used to live in Flagstaff.. similar jokes.
This racket is a fart! And you're a bitch! You're a cheating bitch!
Oooooohhhhhweeee...... download the 7-4-09 show at pulsehiphop.net!!!! THIS WEEK, SPECIAL GUEST DJ **** TUNE IN TONIGHT!
Ah! I love that place! Get the olive and nut plate!
#%&# should I follow my head or heart :-(
have you made a change in coaches in Portland? Tweets flying..
just got off #tired af.!!
thanks for following. Any plans for St. Nick's?
Great moment! Strahan rocks!
1. We call it Orbis(r) ? That is cool. 2. Did you get my email?
Mikey, please follow me! :/
Happy Mothers Day Too All The Moms & Soon To Be Moms (:
yeah, i think so
haha this made me laugh xD
Thanks to for reminding me that a week doesn't go by where I don't CRAVE Hi-C Ecto Cooler :P
but the real question here is what, exactly, is the value of a "shiny nickle"?
In terms of character and cast chemistry, Smash is exactly the opposite of The Good Wife.
Wow. Just, wow.
RT These dudes next to me have been trying to "generally assemble" their tent for like 45 minutes
I am babes
can i be your robin? :)
RT Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.
I want to win the photo
Someone smashed an egg on my car last night, I stepped in gum this morning. I'm remaining silent on my #kyderby picks to not jinx anyone.
Those crazy kids at hit 100K followers, and are celebrating by giving away 25 subscriptions.
Smells like teen spirit made the album ... thx fellas. MAJOR
I might be interested. What part of the Metro area is it in?
Our lions say "M": MT : We're bringing our brisket to the next Thursday for #Zoofari 2012. Join us!
With the New iPod 4th Gen and the Skype app, who needs an iPhone (and more importantly, AT&T?) "Cell" phone & no contract. Works for me!
u know what sux about having a twisted ankle? just about everything.
I'm the blonde one.
"amazing" non-ideas for data gathering from very simplistic sources i believe. Bill's specialty audience!
Great talks by students & at Anthropology of Performance conference this morning.
If there is Anything I can assist All of my followers with (within reason) PLEASE let me know? I AM HERE!
#Bruins needed that 1st goal
I got 99 problems and a broken air conditioner IS one. Grrr.
Dan Edelstein tackles the problem of incomplete data in mapping early modern intellectual production
jill is your right hand.....lol
ohh, I have both, it's the table of contents thats not right.
Looking forward to watching #mubb take down Louisville tonight at MSG in NYC.
Just checked out your band... loved your song Secrets Don't Make Friends :)
Thanks again for everything. Have a safe trip!
Praying gets to the Olympics this year!! I hate training but man does she motivate me!
Nap: taken. Coffee: made. Headphones: in. It's just you and me now, SPAN 3510.
yea,but I was crying like literally tears were coming out
Christian Ishizaki will have his first evaluation for the 2012-2013 season, starting tomorrow night at WSC Skating Rink.
Fabulous event for fabulous ladies! We look forward to having you back!
Putting her hand in his pocket. "You Don't Know Me" :D
Game Time.!
When I came to school dressed as a flapper for Gatsby day, Reid looked at me like I was psycho til I told her I was in Lang.
PACKING FOR ST. GEORGE!!!
The vast majority of the community just wants to create, not think about licenses.
the show is just called Jem, but yes.
FREE BUSINESS CARDS > www.800printingnyc.com
is that on the plaza?
Just got done watchinf Kenan and Kel, I love
#ThosePeople who say all of the stupid shit in class and you just want to throw your pencil in their eye.
Im going to be honest, I didn't find SNL's 100th digital short to be funny. Except for maybe biebers parts..lol.
Delightful discovery of the day: the food stand at the Javits serves a mean turkey sandwich
Thank God for wives the greatest gift of all
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
Today in #Bway histroy: 1954 - Julie Andrews makes her Broadway debut in Sandy Wilson's The Boy Friend.
RT : 2 hours until #MOMeoChat @ 8pm MTN/10pm EST Putting a Stop to the Gimmes! How to Handle Entitled Kids w/
Successful people have successful habits.
Curtis Granderson, thank you!!!!!!!!!!
so excited to read the write-up! Love your stuff. Congrats;)
I tried but I bomded I will get them next never give up
umm I'm in town Feb !
Real recognize real and you don't look familiar bitch !!
i'll try it for a few days.....
Our Capoeira Mandinga workshop is today from 3pm to 4pm. Learn about this exciting martial art that combines dance, music, and self defense!
Well this is taking longer than I thought it would...
ACS Advisory Board just getting out of exec session. Largest crowd of citizens I've seen in the 7 months I've covered the group.
Someone in this building is making waffles. My morning routine involved 80% more hunger-grumbles.
Lesson learned: Do not promise updates when you are looking for an apartment/moving :) NOW I can promise more updates :)
front line activistseamstress of urban vintage surgeon repairing stitches she wears a hard hat digging ditches
Can you direct message me your location and I'll find out for you?
Bit me on my leg AND my arm !
OMG wow he is even more pathetic than Taylor Hicks because at least Taylor was on Broadway
ok me and CANNOT say anything until it happens!! OK?! lmfao
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
Call us at 858-222-8242. Happy to help!
No. Just no. This is just not true. ": "Kancho" is a prank in Japan that consists of jabbing your fingers into someone's anus.”
Diamond again!
Metta World Peace on last nights 29 point blow out, "I think we did ok tonight.." you'd think he was the one of took an elbow to the face
what did you run into?
u did amazing & I kno your mom is so proud of u :) Great mothers day for her to remember! Time to take on the Red Sox!
Same planet different latitudes right? Thanks for the luck and look forward to your tweets.
The one downside, I can't get the Oakland radio overlay today. I haz a big sad.
Pageant practice!
Do it!
you should be good either way fam, as long as you're still able to keep your options open
lmao im for real..mowing the grass back there and hitting mortar holes sucks
Im done with all this fucking drama
With its cancellation just now, all those unwatched DVR'd episodes of #Awake have suddenly become a devalued commodity.
if i can't check my character before i go to work i'll be upset, come on. I didn't pop addy's and stay up for 25 hrs for nothing
Are you looking forward to spring? More outdoor activities means a more active you. No excuses!
I know lol that shit is way to much money.
It would be the dumbest decision ever to let Pitino's son become the coach in waiting
The mall is playing Christmas music. It's November 8. What is wrong with you people.
Why would you want to change your brand?
who is the only candidate for Mayor to have a negative voting history on LGBT issues? Who campaigned for anti gay Meg Whitman?
But once a month, I get a cupcake!
OK...up 3 going into the 4th....this would be a great opportunity for #Kobe to show why he's STILL the best closer in the game
Any UI/Front-End developers looking for work I have people banging down my doors for UI/Front-End Developers
The JustLife.tv's iPhone app is in the planning stages and should move to production very soon! Very exciting!
conrats Peg. thank GOD!
By the way, one of my students is going there for summer research (alas not with ). Would you like any NYC treats?
great racing!
thanks, will give that a go
working on a new track called "Things We Love"
yeah right.... Smart analytics.
Just gave a talk in #lakecharles, LA on #dreamingofdixie. Talking to a class tomorrow. Hope to learn more about
Dat good ol Jordan
hell yeah bro we will I'll hum I got a new number!
1/2 price drinks, 2 dollar bottles and dj rey torres tonight!!
gb.tc's web content is pretty minimalist. Can BigTree scoop up a wordpress blog easily?
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 33
I think my kids were switched at birth. I made them watch A Christmas Story today and they didn't like it.
Social serv ex: Hospital detox costs $5000, then discharge, cycle back. In my agency, costs $750, then treatmt & recovery.
my question is the watching of the stupidity any less stupid?
Fuck yeah! Neal!
Tomorrow is better than tonight, and your life is an experience.
I want a girl that's Puerto Rican and black that is so sexy
Proof you're a rhetoric nerd. You open up Twitter during the Super Bowl and all the tweets are critiquing the commercials.
close the background running apps
Glad you liked my pre-event observation hahaha thankfully I was more composed
dah so cute cathy!! no really again today :)
May the best of your past be the worst of your future.
Rye Rebellion is Full Pint.
I used to be a Red Vines guy. But as I've grown older, I've come to see that a Twizzler is just a deeper and more soulful piece of licorice.
R.I.P. Levon Helm... I'll be watching "The Last Waltz" tonight in your memory.
what up doe young ZD!
I think my baby is mad at me :/ & I don't know why..
I just wanna sleep
Just finished Iron Man. Now for a 20 min break, then on to Incregible Hulk!!! Whoo-Hoo!!!
#homeland and www.legalizememovie.com Sunday
The Buckeye Silver Bullet defense is as satisfying as a Coors Light.
do you have a fb?
I wish there were an awards show the week of your visit.
wouldn't really consider a double double average along with high energy and a good defender overrated
Reading it now =) RT : Need a good read? Stephen King's 11/22/63 is one of the best I've read in a long time! Amazing and fun!
Hoping to see you out in Grafton this afternoon 4-7pm at the Walgreens for the Midland Weather Radio event!
Love that Ryan Dempster is talking about his casino event on National Fox broadcast. We were happy to help him!
Ugh...I want to go too. Enjoy!! : Headed to Culinary Fight Night in Atl.
I like Tom Barrett, so it's difficult for me to watch him keep hating Scott Walker #wis2012debate. My 2 cents: Just talk about yourself Tom.
Fact: 34% of the Football players are Married, 7% have children.
Make it rain!
Congratulations!!! That's amazing!
do we go to the gym in the morning?
Woo Hoo! 's Easy Rider, Transporter & 4Rider all won 2011 Reader's Choice Awards for Best Stollers!
you know what i like!
Any guesses on what the single most widely read document in the U.S. is( #prsawd)?
goodd. And yours? I hope oit was good. Dm me please, alex (:
Desperate much?
great, thanks for the info. See you then (if not before then).
I've waited seven years to hear "Hazel Eyes" live. Best Celtic prog jam ever.
Rudy Gay being there makes all the difference than from last year. The Sky the Limit with him being there.
"Sorry Timberland , but P. Sanders is bringing sexy back" c; <21 -
La Roche-Posay Improves Quality of Life for Those with Sensitive Skin - MarketWatch (press release)
LOVE them and WILL be purchasing.
hey do you want an inlander subscription?
7.6 #Earthquake in #Acapulco #Mexico -- Monitoring closely here with
wanna be on stage with your family of penguins?
Did a little work, a little cleaning, a little laundry ... and now my weekend can begin.
Wishing my daughter (Janiya) a HAPPY 4th BIRTHDAY.
This requires a t-test, not a z-test.
Damn posted a video that I produced. Check out Dollar Please on their front page right now.
CUTE RIGHT
How do I view a scene on Mapcrunch in Google Maps or Earth? Shouldn't there be a "view on map" link somewhere?
Scotland yard on st.paul street..buy a beer get a Jameson shot for $2.00! Get some!
I can guarantee you the Rockets would be better off WITH Gasol, we were screwed.
@ The JaY O B... Much luv my social city fAm, much luv, Muah!!!
yes. Do you have the pants I left there?
haha no im not that of a looney q: thats like my fav quote from the dark knight
Tweet 1111: ~♥~ Maybe some day and I can write a song together? Wish upon a star and one in a million dreams do come true.
Remember when it was called "roughage" instead of "fiber"?
Canon launches new printers - Malaysia Star
Thanks so much for your incredibly gracious review of "Founding Rivals."
The best thing about dating a pastry chef is having the greatest breakfasts ever made for you.
"Go panthers! Go panthers!" 'who are the panthers?' ''aren't we the panthers...?" 'We're the lions...'
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is definitely the best British movie of 2011.Gary Oldman, Benedict Cumberbatch and Colin Firth - a dream cast.
#FF Some great people to follow
I'm an Army Vet near the Pentagon. I'm a VET for West. RE-ELECT Congressman West! God Bless him. His COURAGE LEADS!
Who's amped that #Aoki is starting tonight for the #Brewers?!?!? #KAT-TO-BA-SE!!
Good morning nashville!! Are u ready to rock tonight with HINDER and SAVING ABEL?!?! Going to be awesome!! Bring it!!
6 more hours till 25% sale ends last chance!
it might be a phone device issue, i checked other phones on the same family plan and the others have service.
Coffee originated in Ethiopia!
Colts TD baby! Here we go! Stop them Defense!
Awesome! Get the rest of the EP when you can! :)
(spits drink out) HELL NO! PS3 reigns supreme!
Still pissed that we have no fucking pong cups.
SOMETIMES WEN I GET NERVOUS I PUT MY HANDS UNDA MUH ARMPITS *PUTS HAND UNDA PITS AND REMOVES QUIKLY* N I SMEL EM LIKE THIS
are you in on
I was supposed to buy two girls #jordans once, i didnt!
follow me :)
That three!
Had a crazy month
I didn't realize how much I can care less until today. It's nothing like people say...
Maggie ... yet again she blogged puny dimensions
The Grateful Dead is a great case study in contrarian marketing
You're welcome :) I know you work super hard, I hope you get some rest & have some fun.
yeah, its a pretty good starting :) what happened to ur other bls?! --Tip: Longet chapter, and more descriptive stuff (:
Somewhat close to 1k followers.
I've got a lot on my mind this week.
I hardly know you, but Facebook says it’s your birthday, so happy birthday
okay I need my poster,T-shirt. And signature... Love you big Mama!
That moment when you open up an urgent correspondence from your bank . . . and it's actually not an interest rate increase!
hey Esau! I've just been going to school! How have you been? Amanda tells me you her and Tina are always hanging out! Haha
please follow us♥ -Jordan.
Wait!!!! has chili cheese fries!!! Omg I want no I need some!!
That's what we like to see!
Brats and badgers. Good saturday at work.
are you serious? I came in late and like as soon as I got in the door you like couldn't move
People are gawking that I am taking pictures of these shenanigans
My official email address is now only eleven characters long! Totally tweetable:
Gearing up for ASHA! Demos, promos and raffles, oh my! Visit us at Booth 127
Taking a big step today in the way San Diego helps homeless people rebuild their lives with #Connections Housing construction kick off.
yea we're just gonna do whatever we think is dope
torres! Barca gone!
i woke up this morning and thought "why do my legs hurt like i did the stair climber at the gym for 2 hrs…oh, wait."
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -- MLKjr
i luv the video of LOVE ME!!
Dam it was sore yesterday but now I'm good tomorrow again after school
it was 's camera so you'll have to ask him
You are - Donna Lea Simpson! So - do you enjoy writing one type of book more than the others?
Happy to see and and are each having #EarthHour events! Who else in Denver?
Dear : I use sports to escape not augment the drama of everyday life. Quit acting like a high school student council and play football.
Psst... #THATCampGames is coming! Watch for exciting news next week!
most of the time I've seen engaging permanent or engaging staffed, but not engaging temporary and unstaffed...
thank you for the RT!
Ugh don't feel good at all& tired a'f :c
my heart is not a lego, so stop playing with it.
OK OK, I'M UP, MRNG PEOPLE, GETTIN UP & DOING THA DAMN THANG AT T-MOBILE FRM 12-4 , GO 2 ANY LOCATION & TELL THEM, DJ TRINI B. SENT U!!!!
you know what to do beauty! Xo! ;)
Thanks for the retweet!
Our buddy Jamie Lono should be airing tonight or tomorrow on NBC's The Voice! Check it out!!
It went really great! Now we're all punching away at finishing up the time-lapse and getting the photos edited to share!
Prince Rama's Greensboro opener sounds like a Nine Inch Nails dance remix, but with a guy in a bear (dog?) suit & a juggalo playing bongos.
I also may have broken the disposal
The average age of the teachers is 45 years. That is pretty high. I am a little worried about it...we should get some young teachers. [1944]
DJ IRIE @ PLAYHOUSE TONIGHT!!! Message me for more info.
Rockford Fosgate or Kicker?
Follow us back we carry miss me here at freestyle clothing Thanks
Your arms around me tight, everything felt so right
hope you're having fun @ Earthsavers:)
I miss sending packages. Check out my etsy shop. Dirtyslaundry.etsy.com :)
Completely broke down on the train tracks. What's in ur wallet?
People always complain about how there's nothing to do in Omaha. Well then get off your butt and go support local music.
Nothing is as exciting as getting a chance to communicate via twitter with a stud like
I'd like to open a restaurant called No Substitutes, and substitute teachers are not allowed to eat there
um... the swollen purple bruise?
National Bohemian hasn't been brewed in Baltimore City proper since 1978. Then brewing in Halethorpe stopped by 2000. Now brewed in NC.
She fucking the crew
Buffy the vampire slayer marathon. Thank you very much
WHERE DO YOU WANT TO MOVE TO?
thanks!! Was a fun photo shoot!
Great cupcakes at boson Boston!!! Carmel was my favorite!
my pleasure peter! and you've got a big balance in the karmic bank account- keep doing what you do!
In response to something in the lrnchat; not sure what now :)
Your yummy "Ideal Husband" cocktail was created to honor Hope you raise a glass for their TONY Award nod!
RT Jayblowyomind My whole team ball. No NBA all we kno is money it in are DNA
that is why Premeire sent a memory w/ 90+ advertisers that won't place ads on his show + other conservative shows
He slapped down a huge ass dark chocolate peanut butter cup with freaking whipped filling like---you know like moose shit.
hehe that would be fun! You guys work together, right? Maybe I can swing by and we can group lunch?
Can't ask for much more! Gogo innovation.
Are u a building supplier? Join the upcoming Builder Exchange event in Miami, an amazing line up-check here: www.ExchangeEvents.com/builder
Omg I got my first interview right now I'm so nervous lol :|
it was wondeful I have missed u
i know more then ppl think i know !
Please follow me back!!!! Im your biggest fan, you are the man!!!
my dad digs my #classicalmuzik good look pops
You can't do a Dennis Miller joke on twitter.
Registration for UB summer classes is already open! Try "Social Problems" because it's awesome and you get done faster!
january! :) and you will, just keep workin for it!!
Depression: a fancy word to say you're dying inside.‎
You have a future in editing. But I'm sure you're too smart to do that : )
Grabbed a fun size starbust pack out of the candy bowl at work. Got two #reds. BOO YA! Almost never happens!
I'm telling you, follow , especially if you live in or near the #90065. A lot of programs coming up.
I just love when people steal my mailbox..lmaoo!
And it's time again for another meeting with the leadership council! Lots to discuss! #NOCCBreaktheSilence Walk, for starters!
cool, thanks for the update. And, like I said, great tool
i Loiter you!
Holy crap. I did not like going outside in the storm.
are u still getting them? I've changed my password twice already...
Our twitter feed shows up on our website www.customwigcompany.com now thanks to the talents of Cobalt Spider Web Design!
Yes! I loved it. And The Man Without a Past is one of my favourite films.
It's National Jelly Bean Day on Sunday. We're giving away FREE bags of Surf Sweet's Jelly Beans with each order placed this weekend.
hahah right? Bring me waffles first in CA then they can hook you up in IL?!
I need a DIME! RT : DJ Mike Jones who? Mike Jones
Thanks Gwydion! Will do. RT Here if you need anything!!!!
looking for an inside sales rep manager for a software client in austin
It is for the wise people who delight in humanity, praise justice, despise their flatterers, and respect the truth.
Reuniting with my favorite whittle meatball<3
ahh I see what ya did there
agreed. still haven't watched this week's.
2011.09.18 #Brewers 8 #Reds 1 | Here in final weeks / Brewers win when they have to / sweeping up the Reds
I wouldn't know...
Paul from wonder years for Prez!
When will my daughter sleep through the night? She turned 6 months, and she still wakes up screaming at least twice a night!
Huge thanks to the lunar brewery, esp. Charlie who was awesome to our vixens! We highly recommend a trip out there for the tour alone! :)
Such an amazing turn out at SoCal's first #SummitofFaith!
All I have to say is
Whitney's death is shocking but sad truth is that we all know the effects of drug use.. Not confirmed yet but we all know..
Why do I continue to do this???
#ThingsMyExSaid "baby take me back please" hell no thats the entire point of the "EX" in ex-bf . Sit your sorry ass down !
The #TMNT video is now at over 67,000 views! It was at 38,000 this morning.
And Karla wants to go see Falling In Reverse with me. Yeeeeesssss fun stuff.
planks, running, elliptical, cream of cauliflower soup, jack lalanne meal plan -- all at www.susanefine.com -- please read and comment!
I agree. I'm ready to have sex right now
can u hook us up with some new drops again for the radio show? Red Rose WRSU/88.7fm "R.U. IRIE" Sat. 6-10pm
Game against Navarro has been canceled tmrw and push back to Monday.
RT : One of my favorite reflections : "Top leaders communicate with people, not to people"
Follow!! RT There's now an instagram account for come follow us: DeathofanEra
just heard your interview on ! I miss the Monday Show in SD w/ #ditch on KGB! #41 in ur program #1 in ur heart!
Will be looking to a have a day at training camp!!
engages stakeholders in defining what are meaningful outcomes and indicators of success -- it is generative, iterative.
Bitch sit the fuck down.
Congrats on the win!
Woohoo! Day 1 of interns in the weather department!
Hey! I'm actually part of a Ketchum company in Rockville.
Obama: "it's a boy eat dog world out there"
society as a whole must defend the conceived child's right to life.
Woke up randomly. Didn't know why until I read my TL. I feel like GOD sent that message through just for me.
What are you first impressions of this young Revolution squad? Seems like they are headed in the right direction...
Baby Marcus is getting a Bruins onesie from me if Boston wins tonight's game. (My first official cousaunt gift.)
sing for us please!!
... better about myself. haha
did you ever figure out why that manuscript story you found wasn't published?
yeah you honestly barely feel the plane going up. They do it very gradually. Its NOT scary.
Lmfaoooooooo you a #Fool can't do instagram lol on #RGR W/
looking forward to catching your last show tomorrow night :)
*going around* Dang iPhone autocorrect. I'm going to bed! :(
Seeking entrepeneurial spirited individuals to help us bring health insurance to Indian Country -
thank u! hope u had a good weekend.
Let us knoww
I am a part of all I have read. - John Kieran
never been, but the G2 is a very familiar bus route that runs out/in of DuPont Crcl on P to near there.
First Drawing On June First!!
Haa good one ;)
making spaghetti for DIN!!! YUM!
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty its ALWAYS that crew that start freestylin OVA da damn music .. like NO niggas ..
Super-impressed by amazing students who found amazing meanings in Barthes & Anzaldua today. On to Haraway!
I'm glad, too! Thanks to you and a few other twitter running ladies for the advice/idea!
agree, but it's funny that someone who quit midterm has so much advice for everyone else.
Avoid baths, swimming pools and hot tubs until your incision is completely healed post-surgery.
#dontyouthink were a little old to talk about people behind their backs to try to slander?. Bitches.
It's gorgeous out! On the laptop outside working it! I use to sit in coffee shops on Michigan Ave in the Chi now on my patio w/birds! lol :)
my wife about too kill it <3
My Siri calls me Hunny Bunny. Makes me laugh every time.
My husband is editing a new music video for my band Riddle the Sphinx, & it's looking so awesome! Can't wait to share with you all!
#3WordsForYou Numbers don't lie
: #SanDiego has half as many officers per capita than SF.
I clapped like a retard when I saw him. awesome! however, the cgi on him was shit.
Just trying to get the 411 on Betty Johnson hall...
gotcha call when u get a sec and try to get that number today
Day 2 for Oral History in the Digital Age (OHDA ) meeting in NYC with specialists in video delivery and preservation. I love this stuff!
Nice RT. Flash made me feel incompetent yesterday. Temporarily.
Agreed! #Tacky RT ": Kickers with tatts = no, no"
The awkward moment when you get into one little fight and your mom gets scared and makes you move in with your auntie and uncle in Bel-air.
The end of another great week at SSC! Have a safe and enjoyable weekend!
Where, oh where, is the chocolate?
#UFC144 okay your not damaged alright?...Akiyamas corner lol
Hey Santorum- wouldn't the answer to children being born out of wedlock be more birth control?
Club status tonite the stage will be rockin
#Cueto stepping in to claim another complete game!
Things that make you a Fake Ass Photographer. Take your camera everywhere you go; people will associate you with the camera.
I'm the luckiest girl in the world.
Depends on the hat.
Seriously in love with the JamBox! Stunning sound.
absolutely love it, well done! Agree that its simplicity is what makes it so amazing, the words speak for themselves.
Combos, a Kit Kat and Dr. Pepper.
Jason Whitlock confirmed for 3 different variations of dumb.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! What's on tap for tonight?/ Roxanne
Come hang at Capital Grille - here until 7p. Grab a $50 #Tappers gift card while supplies last.
It's time for a Change
Clickbank Secret - How To Make Money Overnight
“: Carroll, Edgewood, and UW-Whitewater still alive.” Good #d3h in WI, & not just in the wiac.
she lovin the crew
Yep... It's that kinda night...
These dumbasses keep missio the bus.
Just got home from painting my cousin's house lol soo much paint.
he send that homie?
im deporting u to israel
#SundanceFilmFestival this week? Davinci Winterfest next week? Are you coming?
": Elizabeth is making you a surprise! :)"smh at Elizabeth
hi buddy
“: Bout to get wit the fam in the land!!!” come out to Northfield
Here at Monroe it is still 2-0 Milton in the bottom of two.
anyway, was nice to see you again even if it was very briefly:D
hahaha did he ever ask you about that?
CNBC folks talking about billions of dollars of wealth "being created" by #FacebookIPO. What if the price goes down?
Study time!
Another pair of sorties today - not a bad Saturday!
Multiple regression analyses were utilized to analyze data regarding the predictor effects of
WTF I want to be able to follow more people!
looking good and putting on a great show, good luck with your up coming endeavor and come back strong.
Had so much fun and learned a TON from our call with last night! Stay tuned for next month's info on our series...
OMG It's been such a long time since i tweeted T_T
Are you attending the Stars & Stripes Baseball Tourney in Orlando on Dec 27-Jan 1?
Ditto--very sharp! RT : Loving the new years eve marketing
hey good girl .
Follow the amazing !
That was how you went undefeated with SF in Tecmo Super Bowl back in the day.
u have..no one has responded to me.. I need followers..haha!!!
Lots of press on Sen Lugar's defeat - bigger loss in Indiana yesterday was in NBA. Magic went down to Pacers to end Magic's season
Show at Lilly's tonight! We'd love to see you there!!
Free yogurt at all 5 Yogurtland locations. Celebrate National Yogurt day!
4 #omf tweeted the same thing :o
Mike Greenberg just called Louisville little brother on Mike & Mike
Can u tell me about Monte Carlo,I didn't c it yet.
The world's first website dedicated to fighting world hunger through one for one nutrition bars has launched!!! lovecrunch.org
What are the best social network sites, tweets, blogs, etc. for Furman U info?
You love to dance to it. We love to play it. Just Wanna Play is our name, and our motto!
Especially because his position on this stuff is very staked out and milquetoast and it doesn't exactly hurt to broadcast it.
yep i think so XD
yo, just wanted stop by n say u doin it right!Money ain't always #1.Lotta cats don't get dat. www.thekeyplayerz.com show goes on
if you're not really into that, that is. either way, good luck!
About to watch kill it at #ASDT2012 sales training without the stress!
I figured you would
Card readers are too expensive still without money from the U. We're looking at clickers, since most students have them.
RT Some people may have a hard time getting into the Christmas spirit when it's 75 degrees outside - not me! (HIWI)
Haha i think its so sick that "The Korean Zombie" Chan Sung Jung entrance song is Zombie by The Cranberries :p
Hey, thanks for the RT. :)
What's truly amazing is that it takes an appearance on an award show for the general public to "discover" a true talent.
Sometimes I learn I've been singing the wrong lyrics for years when I hear songs sung differently on glee
whats up how u been?
Just cast my vote! Please participate; nothing worse than seeing the potential we have squandered due to a lack of leadership.
Anxiously awaiting for the new ABC schedule to arrive
tired of looking
my FB seems to have "lost" it- please resend!
Dear Directionators . Just Letting You Know im Typing This With My Middle Finger .
Sorry to hear that. Too early. My Dad dies 15 years ago, and I still miss him. It gets easier, though. Stay strong.
I'm not even hungry. I want an ice cold ass drink and some peaceful ass sleep.
Great is thy faithfulness!
coworker called be she will be out tomorrow, didnt want me to freak out about a project we need to finish. haha, i dont freak out anymore.
Go avs. Love that hockey gonna be on soon.
p.s. your avatar is terrifying
RT : Watching the wonderful vegan actor on CSI NY right now.
please do RT : for real! btw my fav #brewers hashtag is #fearthebeer so you should jump on that bandwagon!
The things I like about DNB: 1) 2 wins at 9f, 2) he's fast enough on TG + Beyer to be dangerous, 3) training well.
Wishing you all a Merry Christmas and a Prosperous New Year!
I cant with u today lmao RT : did someone say nuts?
this whole series is great. Thanks for making my Friday.
Still hear people spending hours to reschedule cancelled flights. Drag and drop your calendar appt to change travel plans
": why da hell u gone upload a picture then caption it "omg im ugly" ? what the hell u upload it for then?" I HATE that shit
you're weird as fuck. fall back.
#CoorsField games are fun in July. Not so much on April nights.
RT Welcome and thanks.
as soon as I mold & cast it darlin, ill be sure to link u! etsy.com/shop/aladdin82
shoot! Would be fun to hang with you there!
You said "wood."
We now have the cover for the first book in the "The Girls" series, "The Girls and the Strawberry Fountain". Hope you like it! :)
Who knew building a social media and broadcasting platform was so much hard work?!? I seriously need to add to my team... I'm listening... …
Eagles of Death Metal and Miller Lite... I can dig it
how did they get access to the morgue? Oh snap, you meant the other Whitney didn't you ???
I am a host! I can't be a server until I'm 19 or else I would! But ill be there :)
And in case that last tweet wasn't clear: Howard was referring to us and #beertowndpdc in his article. Thanks Howard!
Psyched. The Mayhem: Roan's Story will be an audiobook-- the reader, yours truly!
“: haha watch out Max, Uncle Denis might replace you! Lol #UncleDenisTheWanted” LOL
Graduate ... That All I Really Wana Do
Maybe drs get them from pharmaceutical companies as incentives to prescribe their drugs? Based on watching Love & Other Drugs..
I think it has a special meaning that Friday and Fridge start with the same letters ! :P
Your being crazy : $
If ur name is Ceasar, I wouldn't hang around any ppl named Brutus today..... Beware the Ides of March sayeth the soothsayer......
Fastest growing community in SE Michigan is Arab American
Today's the White House Science Fair! Join virtually by tweeting with Bill Nye (everyone's favorite ) at #WHChat. AWESOME.
Plat du Jour: Coq au Vin - slow-cooked, free-range chicken prepared with red wine, mousseline potatoes and winter vegetables, $23
Giving Blood!
well unfortunately for her, I'm 20 and I can do what I want :D And I dig the serial killer thing :p
Glad Minnesota got its shit together.
Highly Recommends: Wireworld Stratus Power Conditioning Cord in August issue. 5 Star. Strong dynamics. Hi detail resolution
Goodbyes make me dream ~
MARTY! PERFECT! Flurry/Philly goalies can learn a thing from him. Series all tied up.
agreed. we'll get through this together
Thank you for the RTs and !
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
Levi Shall Beget Another
Ima make sure my summer be fun & wild! Drama free, like always :) '
Listening to MITT ROMNEY speech I felt nauseated. At this stage of the game I know I cannot become pregnant. Hell Mary! I would be rich.
is it normal for me to have not understood most of that? If your keyboard is missing keys, let me know and I'll mail them to you.
Lots of developments after SXSW. Will send a longer update soon.
What are your best BOOK MARKETING TIPS? Time's are changing, have you?
I am about to receive a Resolution from the GA House of reps for my community service
- collects data on #financial behavior of #BoP #microbiz to create credit scores & transparency
you might need a dog. they create their own issues, but crumbs will not be left on your floor.
So I've finally joined Twitter. How does this thing work?
Some people are easier to talk to than others. I like the easier, nice ones.
Benny Benassi Tickets for this Saturday at Myst plus Eric Schafroth's birthday i got them now text me asap $25 per Ticket 480-352-0903
Hope everyone had a good weekend.. Enjoy the
Practice at 6am
.dvoors just announced that he has man crush on
Trotz is a great. Any other team would have played Radulov & Kostitsyn. No prima donnas in Nashville & Inspired play from the D.
That's like depending on Mendoza to miss bats.
Completed book in about 24 hours. Must read for any #buckeye fan.
so we've all got our sushi rolls named after us, what is yours...is it just "Boobs" or 414Boobs???
Now, does this mean it is officially completed for launch or has reached gold status in pre-order numbers?
RT : Just a reminder the Performing Arts Festival is this Saturday from 1-5! Don't forget to come out and support you COF...
Not sure if I've ever seen Luol cheese so hard.
duh I sent you a message!!
thanks! Likewise nice meeting you!
I need an iTunes card right now.
Trying to work while the foundation is being leveled. Hammering is distracting, and the whole process is making me a bit anxious.
Also, can I please announce to the world that I am having an *excellent* hair day today?
Great win today!!
Let's go rangers let's get a win
Hope to get to DHS today!
Soon off to mixer! Can't wait to catch up w/ & more!
Thanks for the mention!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 45
what you meen ??? Googly tweets ???
congrats for being fast. hope to see another 88/2 1 2 finish this week with 88 winning this time
WTF this weather sucks. If I could have fell back asleep after my alarm, I would NOT have drove to the gym in this junk.
will email u
Spending the evening watching Desperate Housewives. What are you doing?
Mane WTF?! *turns off tv*
I was gonna go! But he got a gf, so I decided to let her go instead!
This fucking machine would die right before I get to go home..and I have to wait for it to charge
leftover sausage, cooked pasta, fresh tomato-chopped, fresh basil, cream, nutmeg, salt , pepper - combine, cook until thick - serve, enjoy
RT : He's a bitch! Ya I said it!!! #edc RT : any relation to KungFu Panda?
Morning Joe is terrible w/out no balance, cant watch
your black i dont communicate with your kind
- I'll Always Be Here For You No Matter What Happens, I'll Never Give Up On You, iPromise.<3
Great, thanks!
Definitely need the tape recorder by the bed! That only goes so far, tho - it can't record what you create IN dreams.
The Compound Effect is a VERY good read. Highly recommend it if you're looking to multiply your success one step at a time.
that sounds lovely!
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould I would be in heaven every day(:
...also wouldn't be surprised too see an OF of Braun, Gomez and Aoki.
Over/under how many times a day you think Dunlap searches his name on Twitter. 8.
wuzupppp twitter world
Thanks for the heads up! xo
“Cody is experienced in many areas of real estate investing- tax lien and tax deed investing & internet marketing, a pleasure to work with.”
Swans are 1of the many marvels created by God. Beautiful SiteSwan sites are 1 of the many marvels created by Smart Publishers.
Time remembered is grief forgotten and frosts are slain and flowers begotten,blossom by blossom spring begins again.
Looking forward to seeing you at 2!
so when is the #playframework 2.0 final coming out?
remember pay phones?
Yes it is! And it's important to remember that the Puget Sound region will play a key role in future Alaskan development.
Today 1986, Triumph hits #27 with "Somebody's Out There".
between #puppies, #babies and now the cool features on iphone os 4, i've had an emotional hour. it's been so exciting... i need a nap.
Home from school very early! Feel horrible! :(
P.S. I now have an irreversible urge to be called 'Ma'Lady' and have someone dress me every morning
What attraction do you like in Louisville? Tweet us at
About to watch a good movie with my great pal :D
Does anyone know if the boys have Instagram.? If they do, please let me know what they are! Thanks,,(:
bet #CEOUniversity is gonna kick ass!
When is true #RandB gonna come back?!?
haha yes! maybe you can teach me how to shuffle haha :D okay goodnight! :)
When will the film schedule be up? Can't seem to find it on the #FloridaFilmFestival site. Help!
Finally got my 1 month old husky he's so cute with blue eyes!(:
It was a fair movie. :)
#Weatherization second in #RecoveryAct Jobs for 4Q2011! Get out the message that Weatherization Works!
Just tell them your name. The rest of it will be taken care of.
Why is Titanic back in the theatres?
Work, work, work. That's all my life consists of.
Fuck it, just gonna do something else ^.^
don't like
Quote of the day from KELLY PERINE "I like to only surround myself with people who actually get sh*t DONE"
Things are about to get started. J_markert at 6 at market wine bar then goodness all over town with
No Giants player has 3 rings. Tom Coughlin has 3 as a coach.
Dr. Walter Farrell ladies & gentlemen
Oh kay about to get the party started early.... oh yea tonite is the nite.... im going there.... lets go
#Yankees closer Robertson put on
Viewed some art at Hellion gallery now listening to poetry at Ace Hotel. Look at me go!
And do something you couldnt do , like be true
Can't be a king if yu gotta castle made outta sand
#Houston! Tonight! Joker's got tickets to The Royal Comedy Tour for tomorrow night at the Reliant Arena! !
Paul Kornerko got smacked with an 85 mph fast ball just below his eye...
the dc campus and thanks. :-)
Updating my social media guide for farmers for a conference on Sunday. Any new tips, sites or trends? Adding
please follow me!! Ill be soo happy & ill love you forever if u follow me!!!!:D PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! :)
I wish he would come to mine.
all that to say, I don't think you need it.
great discussion on leadership to close #erl12 - thanks all organizers, presenters and supporters!
-- really makes us look weak and lame. I actually applaud Crean/AD for standing their ground.
Well done USA, well done.
#stickshifters are always a
FOLLOW ME PRETTY PLZ I WATCHED YOUR USTREAM MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE & please follow me also i love yall both
great pizza piece in nytimes food section today.... just sayin'
My request? Come to our tailgate! Life is good today...
let me know if you get anything else. i think i fixed it
I am grateful for peace and quiet in my hometown Library. One of the things that makes America Great. Support ur local library
Man up anthem!
RIP Haters of Justin Bieber is trending! Show the haters #Beliebers are UNSTOPPABLE!
I love you too nd talking too you(:<3
#Imagine You and Austin taking a vacation to Italy.
I've never seen anyone eat a sheet of seaweed, like if it candy... that's interesting.. girl in front of me, is going to town on it. Haha
Magic Word: Wisconsin! RT : RT How does it go from 95 and humid to mid 50s n raining? Come on Wisconsin
That was taken August 1. I'd had a makeover, and felt like a million bucks. :)
Decided it would best to keep copyright in bk for now in case we want to do more editions. Will propose a more permissive copyright notice.
“I hope U find joy is the great things in life - but also in the little things. A flower ❀ a song ♪ a butterfly on your hand.”✌—Ellen Levine
Just got off of work! Yes (: So what's going on tonight?
If college football is banned, maybe the UAA will finally add a men's soccer team.
I'm a hermit
Capital tour and just had a photo with Kohl.
Big Shout To The Homie Happy BDay My G!!
She playing crazy!
Come see us at Booth #232 at #ipw12 with ! Having a great time with , though thinking that they need here!
BALL'N TIL I FALL OUT...DAYUM!!!
back in the running game, minus one injured knee, plus a new pair of running shoes. :)
There are just wrongs that never go away, I look forward to the day that all things are made right.
"I'll feel ya up like my little fuckin turtle."
Is there an example historically where military rule works in the interest of the people…I have grave concerns for Egypt.
In DC for #cildc Ping me! I'm free for dinner or drink tonight, like right now! Only have 2hrs tho
p.s. thanks to my personal graphic designer for the awesome public/private graphic! Took my #prezi to another level :)
we make eachother laugh our asses off . Your praise for my humor and all things zubaz is appreciated kind sir
...just don't play games on the tarmac...
It is way to cold for baseball.
show what latina's can do looking fab at the
just passed your building on the way to show
hey! that's the jam!
Why am I tweeting about this? haha ah kbye
Redirecting my focus on pursuing my career as a marriage, family and child therapist! Hello new industry :)
The Alzheimer's Association commends the Obama administration for dedicating new resources in the fight against Alzheimer's.
Hoes thirst for attention. Women demand respect.....
Hopefully Gus will call Dyer-Cat ever 3rd (or 4th) and short...because we've seen how successful that is.
ill just delete my twitter...
San Antonio: Upper disturbance will combine with T-storms in west Tx to give us a chance of rain Tues morning. Today: Clouds/Sun, High 84.
I installed and dl'ed the action method planner thingy from Behance, love at first to-do list, seriously awesome for creatives...
#NP Arty - Twilight Tonight (Arty Remode Edit)
Hott, I like the track. Keep making good music.
I'll make you tea. If you tap my follow button. (: <3
My kitchen looks like crime scene oh god
Thinks you should drop what yu are doing and listen to the Sly Stone show on wtju.net or 91.1 locally!
happy birthday wwe universe...
that's actually really good advice I'm gonna do that
Happy Monday TwitterLand:)
Optimism is an attitude that shows up around springtime. -Joel Garcia
probably best in that order, too: touch-screen, then cheese sticks :P
My eyes are burning.
why are you quitting!
Thanks to all of you who checked out my three videos I just put out!!! YouTube.com/JamesPatrickHipHop
We do alot of African American authors on the show, so there will be another opp. DM your details - it would be great to have you on
You're not right
um...are u at work? Better be, bc I called no answer, but I see tweeting! Lol! Jk! Xoxo!
Right back at ya!
Technical difficulties with livestream of Commission's public input hearing. We are working to fix it.
RT Thanks for the follow. To learn from some real masters, follow:
Thank you Nica :) I shall begin following you right now! Have an awesome day! :-)
Wasn't Palin supposed to get women to vote Republican 4 years ago? We saw where that strategy went!
RT : It's runway day!
Coach Kobe is trending. Plz be a good thing
Chicks be going with some ugly ass niggaz lol
Playing Sunset Towers (Tower Bar) tonight, in duo, 7:30. I'll look for signs of the Vanity Fair Oscar party...
Willing to bet that this renovation to Byrd is a turf field with Under Armour logos...
Fondat Garden. Wow amazing, funny, and amazing drama. Jungmin Oppa you are so cute, adorable and funny ^^ ♥♥♡♡
she is a black and gold kitty. maybe she thought it was a newport.
Dang it.. now I am feeling a little sic about that fried yardbird I ate for lunch...
when are we supposed to re-do that thing?
Yep, it's still $6.99 (US store price, other stores have a similar price).
how could top girls recruit go to iowa despite playing in such a magical place like the kohl center as a junior?
heading to the last pre-production meeting for the JAZZ FEST!!!! ALLYN JOHNSON TONIGHT!!!!!!
As in, you two could be in different rooms and ocassionally leave to pop into the others screen, lol
“: I'm not saying shes a whore.... all I'm saying is that shes been on more weiners than heinz ketchup” lol
applications are getting easier to fill out lol wish jobs were to get though lol
happy birthday!!
Thx for the great insights tonight at ! Let's hope we need the hiring part more than the firing part :)
DealShow starts now! Get your #deal on with a ton of great new items for super low prices, many starting at just $1 or 2! www.dealshow.com
~curious if either side has stopped 2 think about how this lockout is affecting those part-time employees of the NBA arenas?
TY xo : webvocalcoach You are both so positive...thank you for all of the valuable info you share! Planning next LA...
Dear scientists, How are the cyborg experiments going? I am ready for a new left calf, because my current one hates me. Regards, Aaron
We had a great weekend at the Winter Retreat! Seeing this generation being the hands and feet of Christ is beautiful.
thank yu ...i hope yu the same
Why do ppl like beer. That shit is nasty.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves. Henry David Thoreau
you're clever :)
LA tonight, Vegas tomorrow
Too many fish in the sea to trip over one dat got away
When I repent I realize that the thing that had me last year will not have me this year.
Hi I was wonderin if u can help me.I hear voices in my mind n idk who they r or where theyre comin frm.can u possibly tell me
text me!
are you running latest ver of WP? did you install any new plugins?
Thank you for all of the compliments on the spots. Wait for the next one in the 3rd quarter!
Not ashamed to admit I am addicted to this show lol
Jamba Juice always sounded like that wetness left on the aerobics floor.
Will do! I owe you an email. Will reach out today!!
How about coaches? RT : Any other GMs keep their jobs after missing the playoffs 4 of the last 5 seasons?
Playing with my new thunderbolt phone!
excited to see u again,and hear a word. Love u bro
Just saw Brent Morel gettin his lunch on the off day. I refrained from telling him my thoughts on his hitting
Visit us at booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE wristband! Fight #Pancreatic Cancer!!!
Brian Matusz gets his first victory since June 6, 2011, ending a span of 14 starts without a victory.
We had a great time at Donnelly's last night for Drink Local Month! Follow to see what other beers will be featured this month!
Why is on ESPN?!
Our Relationship Is .. Retarded . :D But Babee I'll ALWAYS Be There For You. You Already Know!
I wish shit didn't annoy the fuck out of me so easily.
dont act like it doesnt get to you.
Chris Mullin much bigger star from childhood through college andNBA, love has been a surprise, no one believed he would grt
Follow me? e
ok bye
T-MINUS 7 DAYS TIL T-PARTY WITH TAY !!!
you're brewing up some mighty high expectation of your caffeination over there mister.
I see you way in the back!! I'm to your left, about 5 rows from the back. Hello!
Having a bad habit is like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of.
Beg me to pick up shifts for you..so I do yet you can't pick up for me. Another reason I'm quitting that hell hole.
makeover magic time. clear concealer. :o yayyyyy notorange skin.
damn wat class is that so i can avoid it next semester lol
When I don't see you, I'm perfectly fine and I can move on. But the second I see your face, I'm back to wishing you were mine again.</3
hollyy pop how do you doo that!
always ay my job haha! I've been working a lot of nights lately so I've been MIA! my apologies! 
": Thank your sis for her service. My sis gave 8 years; tremendous sacrifice." 20 yrs for my sis ;)
Wait. I didn't know the fan club is meeting today!
thank you for letting me know I'm putting out good stuff.
#Chlamydia often has no symptoms - in men or #women! Important to get tested every year to avoid more serious problems!
#cowx Raining in Aurora
Watching A-Team the movie when did this come out?
Highly danceparty friendly. Even if it is a dance party for one.
Really? I'm awake NOW? I barely slept three hours! What is wrong with you, body?
m wow "Can we measure competencies?" awesome frame. Put that on the agenda for an upcoming chat. A: Y & N. Depends :)
I'm not set on either a buffet type or sit down, either would be fine! Preferably just somewhere that takes reservations.
Be kind to one another. It helps get through the problems of the day.
I'm at the mall and #chasingthesun video is playing on the screen...definitely a sign !
wondering why my wireless isn't working, and am connected to my modem for the first time in a long time.
im bored
Yup, put it on a plate with a little water, poke it with a fork and nuke it for 10 minutes.
imma watch it with you
did you listen to it
Don't be afraid of showing affection. Be warm and tender, thoughtful and affectionate. Men are more helped by sympathy than by service....
So do we and let us know if you would like us to help in their development.
Heey every1. So ik I havent been on here in forevvvvveeeer, but I just went on tweet limit on my personal so imma tweet on here 2night
Paramount Pictures is making all previous "Mission: Impossible" movies available on Facebook for $2.99 in a promo for the franchise's lates…
Thanks & happy new year!
stop posing as me
TITLE TOWN Soul & Funk Party is TONIGHT! Guest DJ's from Austin, Texas in the house! Soul & Funk 45s all night long! Doors @ 9pm. $5
IF HEAVEN EXISTS WHAT WOULD U LIKE HEAR GOD SAY WHEN YOU ARRIVE AT THE PEARLY GATES? TO EVERYONE =]
In 2011 more #smartphones were bought in the U.S. than PC’s. Why are you emailing your customers instead of sending them #text alerts?
- give it some time. :)
My cousin got #RingOfRed picked it up from some girl at the bowling after a long night of slow gin fizz and Thin Lizzy Karaoke.
if u like the song, make sure u follow
I'm serious he's coming the 8th
Hi! We're doing pro bono work with Scottish Rite Need social/fashion bloggers to attend and support an event. Interested?
i want to make an account with the name "mon" and have fb request you poke it.
Kill! Kill! Kill! Fake Blood! Real Semen!
I hate politics! And I do not use the word hate very often...
“The only disability in life is a bad attitude.”
Dallas has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
do you wanna the lucky one on Sunday?! #zacefronlove <3
I have no life
And went 0-2 against the #Badgers!
Almost ran into a bunny today.1st thing i thought of was u drunk yelling at some girl about bein a effin Vet tech
Thanks - I'll check it out - Jorn
beat after a night of kicking it with friends and celebrating a birthday...now it's kick my feet up Sunday...
thats right... #Green&Yellow
Whenever I can get it in! Between a startup and family, I have to switch the schedule around to accommodate
Thanks a lot for the tweet.
It's OK to have differing beliefs. Embrace the differences, love those who oppose you, & enjoy that which makes each person unique.
Actually, I love France and *need* to live in Paris, but I love the phrase "Curse the French!"
Getting a little help from Home Depot Founder, Pat Farrah. Hoping it goes as well as our last venture!
The new White Stripes movie is f-n beautiful.
they say i need to grow up. but those people are trying to be younger. so im not listening.
. I can't reveal the #Olivella #wine but it's from Central Italy. mentioned it's often in Lacryma, too.
#Nats phenom Stephen Strasburg to make 2nd rehab start tomorrow, @ Pfitzner stadium in Potomac. Tix already sold out
*Wink* thank u ;) RT hope you wake up feeling better, thanks luv and have some rest...luv u
Whatever happened to Imma call you back..........? -____-
I already deleted it !
if I can't say anything nice, I shouldn't say anything at all.
Wishing women all around the world a Happy International Women's Day! As the Spice Girls would say "Girl Power". Let's keep moving forward x
I use to have this handheld video football game as a kid that sounded exactly like this Oscars' microphone feedback.
made me smile.
Occupancy guidelines may apply. Add'l fees may apply & will be disclosed per governing laws and company policies.Banner Property Management,
Happy Birthday to my older sister i love you nigger, happy 18th birthday c:
assuming you're watching FOx Sports Wisconsin, then I think I have a decent idea of what those exclamation points were for.
Hey Samantha! Are you at #PLA?
“: Oberon, Oberon.....NOW pouring Oberon on draft! Come see us tonight :)"
40 year olds that refer to their mom as mommy...
Our grants always seem to take till the very last minute.
yay, welcome to DC! :)
thanks for being a part of this!
I thought that had to be Fran's!
RT : Lmao you know you my mans RT : I see got jokes today!!!-->lol, that #assault has me right though!!
Out of my 529 followers none of you followed !? Wow
I think my goal for 2012 is to be a kettle one brand ambassador.
I could go for some pancakes right about now
RT : Any wrk frustration I may have had is elimn by the fact that I'm strtng my piece w/a cat playing the piano.
Is it ok to have wine shipped to work? My cat doesn't have the opposible digit to sign for it.
the english language and syntax is a beautiful thing
Final 4.......here we come!!! Beware cards, your next!!!!
Anything is possible... Buy I still don't think I'll ever be able to successfully brush my teeth left handed.
Venue confirmed the Theater in #Station North #Baltimore, a great spot has all we need (check!)
Smfh so annoying
i still cant stop thinking how this girl made her a fake moe on her face i was in the bathroom like thats cute gurl
Hell is an eternity of ironing dress pants and folding fitted sheets while Kanye West & Nicki Minaj rap about what a poor job you're doing.
T-T Raw you dont know who you fucking with
got you twet so yall can link up
I miss him something bad right now!!:(((
hahaha aww thanks! Hooray for people named Leah! (and Steve and Jessica)
you and me both
. Know what? You're a rockstar, no matter what. Have an awesome first day at FAU! It's going to be a great summer!
I ain't had them in a grip lol I might just by some this weekend lmao
Quit being such a Cox.
“ WHERE MY FREAKY ASS LADIES”
please... you weren't even born when I became a Maxwell fan...lol I'm an R&B girl period!
This halftime show could be a #Stefon bit from snl. There are roman soldiers, tightrope dancers...
1. thx for all you do, 2. How about dismantling Senior Care? That issue is understated. 3. Happy Birthday!
Red mango just came out with new flavors. I must go and try them. Like all of them.
So bored What to do... la la la, ima wright a song yeah!!
Y solo hace BOOM,BOOM,BOOM.
it tasted like someone forced a bacon cocktail.
Seriously considering leaving a voicemail of this guy talking.
takes village to bring hope via chapel: Mennonites last thur, Richmond Hill Church of God friday, Central Bible Chapel tonite. Yay churches.
let me speak to my publicist and my hair stylist - then the shoot can go forward
you have a blackberry, I'm sure you can figure it out big boy.
My brothers friends are going through my crap-.- like no bitch .
yes yes i did
This is perfect smokin weather
management positions prolly wont be open for a minute.
Going to bed!:)GoodNight Twitter world!!!:)
brittney's new roommate >>
Me & Tried To Go To Amsterdam, But They Threw Us In Guantanamo!
Deb, a little last minute but would you be interested in speaking at a event tomorrow at noon? bit.ly/rpAtsk
Got my mom Burberry - The Beat perfume for her birthday and she really likes it!! :D She's picky about perfume... then again, who isn't
why yes, ETSU, i will gladly accept the Edna Harrison scholarship :)
Feels like Sunday is almost over with this stupid time change. :(
SINGLE! Who can change that!?(:
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another. ~William James
Just hobnobbed with the ALA elite in Jim's suite. OMG what an interesting bunch... ;-)
hey GM!
Thank you SO much for the follow. Just a question, do you ever check your dms?
Mom bought me Treseme 'Dry Shampoo' the other day. Turns out, that sh*t really works!
Sugar's "If I Can't Change Your Mind" is one of the greatest jingle-jangle pop songs EVER.
Turn up the Music hw does that even work?? RT ceebeelah My neighbors listen to good music. Whether they want to or not! -__-
I need #Followers #Teamfollowback!!
just told u "ur music changed my life" at JTree. U the man. Hope u get my 'forever young braclet'
Except the RINO and Paul.
Crossing the border back into the US after an extraordinary week of sailing with Terry Noreault in Desolation Sound.
The Avengers is going to make $200 million this weekend. John Carter has been placed on suicide watch.
Murray St will have plenty of fans in blue in Louisville for that matchup if it happens.
Big shout out 2 Mike McClure, Julie Mendez, Holly Morse-Ellington & Tiesha Coleman who will be telling "We are Family" stories tonight.
I signed up for spring classes: "Cataloging" and "Database Management" oh joy!
I think Moom could qualify for the best $5 I've ever spent on software.
Is it sad that all the "parties" i've ever been to were birthday parties..
Today has been fucking weird
Girls stop doing the duck face... it never has and never will be attractive
Alright Huskies. Let's do this.
New avi...#nomake-up, how it look???
Liz :D
I miss you n i cnt believe your out of my life :'(
