Feelin' good. Great way to start this Saturday!
One day my boobs are gonna fall off from all them scooping me
Whatever dude! jajaja
praise God lovely prayer!
Did you win the SBIR dept of ed grant?
Learning about this english dude that lived in ireland that wrote a famous persuasive paper and the whole time i think about Niall hahaha
Apply NOW for THATCampVA! Deadline Oct 25. BootCamp & #thatcamp to be held at in C'ville, Dec 17-19.
welcome to the club!
A pleasure to meet you! Really like the avatar--very appropriate. :)
nice job on the Today Show yesterday. Loved the remixes and those snazzy moves!
Baseball is SO exciting! Bunt, bunt, intentional walk. I can't handle this much intense suspense!
#redeye is growing on me. I wonder if its the cocktail.
you are very welcome!
ya I knoe !
Just got woke up, it felt like something was watching me and it scarred the jesus out of me!
In teamwork, silence isn't golden, it's deadly. - Mark Sanborn
dm me your email....pass on a preview
So freaking tired...
SFC Jorden will be in the house in 36 hours and I can't wait! Haven't seen him since the middle of March - been the longest 3 months ever!
got a link to the EJ report?
I hate riding this bike makes my ass hurt
you should pay more attention. Pid learn how not to just go to the playoffs, but actually win once you're there.
Generations, our new family portrait that is beyond cool! It is a great way to have a multi-generation family portrait
u feel me? shiesty peeps
/// Don't forget about me. I still gotcha on some tunes.
Florence + The Machine is making this paper-writting-session almost bearable.
WHAT excites you in life?
is she almost home because ill be at your house soon.
Probably already been said, but finishedb
Now Following!
the girl next to me looks like a troll. it is not intentional.
If you see a squirrel in the middle of the road while driving, don't swerve... instead run it over.
you have pretty hair. :)
Artists are not people who "want" to create, they are people who "have" to create.
Expect a NEW POST tomorrow! Anatomy of a Shoot Out:)
I LOVE #Glee! Excellent job on the Whitney Houston song "I Will Always Love You." Last minute addition or part of original script?
Don't go back to someone who hurt you countless times just for a second of happiness.
We're getting ready to start here at Johan Galtung's workshop- great turnout!
what hw do we have?
JT said he having it cracking for y'all birthday. Lol v day sweet tarts and everything.
hey kami who's your favorite disney princess?
“ “ and need to link up #RealNiggaz Goin In Feedin Da Streetz Make It Happen! #Network””
California's attorney general says state will get up to $18 billion under a federal-state mortgage settlement to be announced later today.
This time Irma blogged luxurious, whimsical, and selfish
Same to you! Have a Great blessed weekend!
The Rock, Vin Diesel, and Paul Walker all in one movie. What more can a girl ask for? Lol
Great video--TY for sharing. Interesting in particular coming on the tails of #EarthWeek last week!
All the potheads that missed school today < People in the LoboDen trying to get scholarships done
Hate to feel so alone... Wassup wit my twitthearts!?
I wish I could bill and for the time I spend fixing their miscommunications.
Ok. I'll continue to do that that way then.
Mark, I thank you so much!
oh your in wisconsin,....no i am not from there
; I never noticed you followed me (: But when I did , I was One Happy Camper (:
TONIGHT-Come check out our New Sound System in the Back Room with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc Playing Albuquerque's Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music!!!
It's almost here!...“An Evening with the Arts” Richard Chudnow, Laura Gordon, Richard Hynson, Laurie Winters, David Fantle, Susan Scot Fry!
Didn't Johnny Cash write a song about killing a woman for weed in Jackson?
DO THEY MAKE DOGGIE COLLARS?? I WANNA B FIERCE LIKE U Jill....!!
Franklin was easily the foremost American scientist of his day, and his ingenuity was immensely wide ranging.
Sounds like someone may need to go to the doctor! Feel better! :)
I hope it rains when I'm trying to fall asleep too.
thank you everyone for the super sweet comments, retweets and support! this has been quite an epic journey!!
FUCK THE COWBOYS! GOODNIGHT.
ohh yeah thats a cool show..and it was for this short movie
Heading directly into the epicenter of the epicenter of Cool.
can't students, teachers, & admin all help each other to learn & grow? I would add parents too. 360 eval 4 all
that's funny and offense SHOULD be taken. good one Espi.
Watching #actofvalor w
#Flyers are kinda like an #NHL12 3-man glitch kid team. Grinded down all game but can force a pass to the slot & get rewarded at any time.
I would love the opportunity to share my work with you. I am a green sculptor based in Chicago. JeffreyBreslow,com
has the jankiest election graphic ever. Get rid of that thing!
If you like adventure, check out With Eric West on facebok for Mt. Everest trivia updated daily and other cool travel stories
If you yell like an idiot at a golf tournament just to get your voice on TV, you should be kicked out.
Are you honestly citing batting average to me in a serious way? What is this, the time of Charlemagne?
Now Desmond Jennings has more homeruns than Carl Crawford this #postseason also!
My mom is talking to the dog over the phone...
likely story! haha j/k
“For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.” Judy Garland Judy Garland
- Skip wins the James/Wade clutch debate AGAIN!
Don't waste time waiting for inspiration. Begin and inspiration will find you. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
This would probable be the correct charge & justice in cases like this, then discovery, investigation, preliminary hearing to way evidence
i wish! it sounds amazing!
you say that cuz u didn't win.
Thanks for the great welcome tonight at Gateway Community Association meeting!
Good things happening @ The Library: Gotta Eat Sweets truffle brownies are 50% off! Free orchid with every chocolate purchase!
I take it M is not interested in a haircut? You're trying to get validation from your followers? :)
My wife is a smart cookie. :-)
If I could coin a phrase for my 30s, it'd be 'aches in new places.'
PasoFino on the road.... Driving through Alabama, 15 of us will hit Pensacola in about 4hrs... See you on the dance floor! ;)
true. But don't be like would be if he saw Justin bieber. You're a pro.
seeing the movie avengers the other day is giving me the itch to play those marvel games and batman
Paper. Movie. Paper. Movie. Paper... Okay, good plan
So cloudy. Days like these make me wish I had a cat!
Glad to hear! Looking forward to going back as well.
sounds good, thanks for getting the convo. going
I remember that! 11:44 seconds of awesome, minus the Ja Rule part lol
“: Thanks again for the shout-out! Hope everything is great” Anytime!!
I really hope Andy Samberg has a role in all shark week shows as well as hosting the whole thing- and maybe a music video featuring a shark
ME lol i used to have it and write in invisible ink so no1 could read it but after a while i coudlnt read it cuz it faded
I'll bring my camera to work next week and we can take a new one!!!
it's the only way to keep some fan base and return to my roots
I need up to 1,000 followers
aw i love u too
Awwwwhhh my roommate was talking about me on the phone cause he thought I was asleep & he said really nice things. I still hate him but awww
follow me? :)
oh yeah
you're my favorite person on twitter!
Back in Nashville! Off to Johnson City for the weekend in a couple of days. check out the new website Eric put together!!! TomSmithGuitari
Artist website happening soon! So excited learning web development in a few weeks
Natpe - Canada half a billion for the taking - Host jay switzer spent time saying how great guests were. No info shared here! Total waste!
thanks so much for following! :)
Getting ready to share a word as we remember the life of Dr. Ed Smith who taught me while a student What a wise servant of God
Thanks for the RT!
« « Deep conversations >»»
how long have you been out here?
Haha! Maaybe... when's it due? And how many cookies do I get?
I think should follow me cause she's amazing:)
Wow!!! Thanks again for playing my music! Just got this message, been so busy....I appreciate the support, rock on!!!
Here's to hoping my bus driver only looks like a mafia dude since I called him rude to his face.
: Happy Birthday !
If you happen to be into any sort of music that is mildly good whatsoever you may happen to find an overly sexual jam on the new
when your twitter stream is all about used condoms found in library books, [it's hard to think of a good independent clause]
Not at all, just felt inclined to say that pertaining to remark about 's situation is different
Wondering when Google+ is going to pick up... c'mon Facebook, just let people add sparkly backgrounds and speed up the process
do the early 20th c. conversations sound familiar to today's mass transit discussions / controversies?
OMG <3 lol aww i told u everything would get better! :D
Face ass bitch!
Other Lives instore performance at Amoeba Hollywood on Monday. There is going to be a giveaway twitter-game happening STAY TUNED!!!
Worried about the environmental impact of your remodel? Ask Select Floors about sustainably harvested engineered hardwood flooring!
you notice ? but not me and you follow her. :'( *tear,tear* I LOVE YOU JUSTIN
grahh! I wanna see
i totally dont fit in with my lunch table...
Can't say for Mitt Romney, but we know where stands on #LillyLedbetter: she voted against it.
do it!!! Next time invite me ahead of time and I'll come!
I seriously feel like I'm about to pass out.
I feel bad for those people that no one likes, yet you bring it upon yourself so....
Shorter Mitt Romney: Sure I didn't get bin Laden...but I brought pizza!!!
Anything , I'll be waiting for you >:)
is there a link that i can go to purchase the #FCHW shirt??
wins ACM FEMALE VOCALIST OF THE YEAR.
I wish you answered my phone calls before you just start tweeting ha... I guess I'll try to call you again
Paranormal Activity 3 tonight!!
I will have to come see you!! Lol when do you work next?
Package partners will be sent out some time tomorrow! Thank you for all who joined and helped spread the word! :)
well thank you I appreciate it :) I'm sure you can sleep better now knowing that I'm home safely ;)
GEITNER MUST GO.
Dreaming Happy
What happened to John Kerry face?
#SAYSOMETHIN is truly perfect in every way ❤
Orioles in the Win Column!
My little man will be four in 12 days.. what happen to the time?
good luck!! I don't think you need it!!
Our organizer was intrigued by "contemplative man", we would love having that on the blog.
So much work now through the 26th - I feel a little bit like I'm going to die.
Hey #LosAngeles what are you up to this weekend? I hear its going to snow in Burbank! That is according to igoogle weather btw!
Thank you so much really appreciate the mention!
Very cute!
yes, quarter lifers are def out there & stratejoy.com has a blog w/ 4 different girls blogging about their QLCs in real time!
#Iknewiswasoverwhen she said Ya know...
Icy hot me down!...But really just on my right calf. And right shoulder blade.
If you put your trust in borrowed money versus trusting God, then you will always be a slave to this world’s system.
Hola! Come to the #AAPC Welcome Reception, have a Mixpotini, scan our custom QR code & enter to win a NEW iPad!
Nothing against her, but I missed that era. Now if Winnie Cooper starts talking cars...
on on Demand! :D best day ever!
2012 is turning out to be very exciting! Come find out why 1964 has in common with 2012
Seeking a Construction Manager w/HVAC experience in Columbus OH
We're live with the latest on a deadly Milwaukee freeway shooting on This Morning.
Yeah, thats why its weird that its just now making its rounds & getting so much attention.
I don't like Black women #ThingsBlackMenInMiamiSay <--- Now that's some mental shit to research.
Then you should see me smoke sometime , lol
Fallout Boy <3
I'm upset cuz I tried to buy concert tickets in Denver,co n their all sold out :(
so. more people should follow me so that i can get to 1000 like soon. :)
Love is always open arms. If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself.” ― Leo Buscaglia
Worth starting Ball tonight?
Your voice is beautiful!
New FB Band app. You can download a free tune from my album by joining the mailing list. So have a listen!
Don,t forget--Battle of the Bands at the CN BULL in 2 weeks--May 28 12 kick-ass bands for you to enjoy
Kuddos to for killing it on today!
hmm.. lol. why did u just go hard on my twitter like that with 50 thousand continuations.. u were waiting on this topic huh?
#casamono in Manhattan highly worth trying.
Lacey, WA what up?
that's easy, become a packer fan
forgive me Francine, I left out a Z - Happy Mother's day!
Friday, the waiting room to the weekend.
I'm not good at that :x help me out !
Just finished watching Wrath of the titans what an amazing movie(: boredd pin:32F75362
Congrats! I'm in too. (I'm rooibosqueen when I pin.) I hope they change their suggested images more often. You?
I would like to give a shout out and special thanks to all my customers! Thanks for the opportunity to service you!
happy payday.
mom called me FREAKING out about last night. What did you do?
She needs to keep her damn mouth shut!!!
time to find a sewing machine that works!
ok since you chicas are on it, I will too
I can't wait til my shower
I would have loved to hear him speak! I am an avid reader...love literature, history, novels etc.
pick up your phone doofus
Having only talked w/ Tim #Tebow briefly before his on-air ints with us Let me just say I wish him nothing but the best in NYC!
Prince Royce is plain and simply cute.
Ready for Spring break!
it's all good today, last night, not so much but it all worked out.
so. Firey feeling in my right temple is making me want to vomit.
No, never that. Sleep's important. Like...procrastinating, haha.
So jquery cant understand native touch events or html 5 drag and drop events. Regular js ftw!
If you're on a faux meatball hunt, quorn meatballs are pretty good.
Hopefully... Still a lot of 'What ifs'
Hunger Games was G R E A T <3 Saw it with the bestfriend . Gonna leave in a few to the airport (:
here is another spoiler alert. "man unfollowed and blocked on twitter for insensitivity and poor taste in humor"
Q: What 2011 trend are you ready to be over in 2012 (fashion or otherwise)?
local coverage cracks me up-love watching them struggle to find 50 different ways to say "it's snowing"! Enjoy your weekend!
Imma need to text me in the morning . I have good news for u (: lol
dont feel bad, they almost packed 6k ppl into phillips today 2 watch #GeorgiaTech play the #3 ranked team in the country.
Just when you get use to something, it changes. Facebook is now implementing the timelines for business pages! Check out our new look!
Kris Joseph is the first Orange this season to have a double-double, 20 points/ 10 boards.
give us a follow back so you can direct message us your address so we can get you your #BallSoHard gear
Happy Birthday to the King Of Reggae...~Bob Nesta Marley!
Most days I think my supervisor is working with a third of a brain. That or she is retarded.
<3(: hope you having a great day(/
So stoked for that show! I love that record!!
Well if anyone is going to beat us at least it was Chris young.
"I hold speckled shag carpeting in the highest regard" - Keith Hensley, haha very nice. -PS
Most damaging words in network marketing? "I don't know that many people." Randy Gage
RT : #TheGame season 5 is coming back in January. Prepare for an amazing, shocking and fabulous season!!!!
Mrs. Hobbs booobies today. O.O
Respect and remember, Sharing is caring!
you either texted "i love you" or "i hate you".
Oh I'm sorry. I didn't know being 90 pounds was considered fat.
S/O to my longtime friend we are almost 20yrs in big homie that's a milestone.
I can not send send or receive images I am on Unlimited everything PLAN??
My vote for host of Wrestlemania this year is ! Meowww
that nap was refreshing
Can i just get my iPhone nowww
I know!
how the heck did u manage that many in scholarships? Can dm me if u need to
Trying out the blogging thing, I just posted my second blog. Find it at www.losangelesvoicetherapy .com under blogs!
RT : The true measure of a leader is not the # of followers but the # of leaders created. // that's good.
Shon Greenblatt (Oscar Delancy from the movie) is at the show tonight :)
Just keep droping these hot tracks funny thing is when that deal come I gone still give love to those who doubted me but my support team stg
SURE i'll follow you :)
Hulk is my favorite!
I like it!
My best friend and I are going on a road trip this weekend to Ohio to see her brother and his wife. We will have fun talking all the way.
Congrats! That's great!
Awkward moment when you realize a student has a crush on you and is clearly trying to think of excuses to stay during your office hours.
Low Price Large Cast Iron Tetsubin Teapot Warmer Arr Black- teapot warmer
I'm going to pride dis summer and imma have a bad ASS female sit on mii face
Your broken foot? Hardly life threatening. Die a little faster.
yea yea yea
Being Single can be a time for carefully planning how to get what you really want in your life and in a relationship.
I just want to relax today... So, I'm hoping that no one bothers me!
Yes. Hope they keep it up!
Yeah, I'll be there.
I didnt know you had a twin in chicago, i spot him (;
Never give up on a dream. Live your life, before there's nothing left to live.
You! Yes, you! Please help me find the best alternative to
what a day! sun shining. birds chirping. as the grateful dead so eloquently said "aint nothing left to do, but smile, smile, smile."
S/O to this cutie pie
10 more days of junior year! #WhaaDFuu?!
Thank you!!!
Will it be acoustic? :) So excited to watch the cover if you'll play the guitar. ;)
I'm wondering why "Hollywood" week on American Idol looks so much like Pasadena?
“The urgent can drown out the important.” ~ Marissa Mayer
thanks, friend :)
Well it 3am I'm going to bed. Gnight twitter
seems pretty intent on keeping things moving as the Senate goes through 30 amendments to the transpo bill.
OMG! George Zimmerman attorneys have withdrawn as counsel!
#GOINGDEEP do you ever get tired of your job?
Harry Potter marathon and Chinese food? Perfect combination.
#badgeless2012 and #toothbrushless2012, and headed to Don't worry, I'll make a stop for Altoids on the way.
It's strange how songs strike a memory and puts u in a familiar place
So I gave in and got a 4s. Any gotchas?
Crazy For You by is still in rotation. STILL
dani is my nickname RT “: oh wow you gonna finish it or record it if you wrote it than why it say by dani simmons”
“: ": Don't forget to #vote team #Obama"”of course
you suck!
just playing, come on tho there's some hot blondes out there
I've been a little off the chain tonight. ;-) #CAPS!!!!!!!
are you shaking like ?
in my way younger days I applied with Kelly while in last throes of the "Kelly Girl" model. I never got a job thru them.....
survived the party...back at home to a house full of presents. where will they all go?!?
I usually be tired by nw but im instead up listening to music... Sum old x sum new
Do people not know bleach is toxic? Vacation condo reeks of it from maid service. Eyes are burning. Natural cleaners, people. Vinegar, etc.
Today is Saxophone Day!!!
I have the best friend ever #tacos@ cosmopolitician
I dnt wait to say stuff behind folks back....I say what I have to say in their face!
You already know Fam first
Buy a ticket to an show and receive a free download of their upcoming album Synthetica. (#Pittsburgh, they'll be here 9/18 )
patron coming in attacking liberal "rags" ny times, stl post-dispatch, etc., but yet likes usatoday.com - go figure :-)
Shorter's History was required reading at hopkins residency til crowded out by ACGME-req curric w/measurable outcomes of ? value
you mean we see where you got the face for short cuts from.
i just saw this, hahaha<3
:) Done and done! :P
your very welcome(: 16??
right now I'm just smiling and laughing with the PIXAR STUDIO SHORTS on ABC Family Monsters Inc. "MIKE" is just too durn cute!
aren't you guys all Volt now.
FTIslandRETURN COMEBACK! SATISFACTION!
#Random I remember I saw at a tattoo party & she hugged me. It was August 08, 2010 8:42pm & She smelled like cotton candy lol..
BTW, exhibitions @ Les Rencontres d’Arles run through Sept 19 so lots of time left to stop by if you're vacationing in Europe this summer.
How is everyone doing today? I hope you say "fucking awesome."
#YouShouldNeverTrust a fart after a full bowl spicy salsa!!!! Hahaha
Great performance & a humbling day. Cried tears of sorrow, then cried tears of joy.. God is good yall!
Me either. I've been looking for a book on this topic though. Glad to have found one.
impressive..how's oregon
It's Baroque! Get it. No Monet, you're Baroque.
Missed motivation of listening to #Tailgates while driving to work, thx to son taking CD to barn for #showcalves. Lol
A messy day at Belay today. Please pray for grace & peace as we work w/ people rebuilding lives from addiction, homelessness & prison.
lol. Are you saying I have ADD? .... Oh look a squirrel !!!
oh wow! So will any ol' mayo do or does it need to be a certain brand?
If you're in Indy, tune into tomorrow morning at 8:15 for a live interview with 's !
I might have to cut the hair off! Hard choice to make
its raining its pouring the old man is snoring he went bed and bumped his head and couldn't get up in the morning
in your dreams :) i love u more xD 💋
Over Like a Fat Rat- Fonda Rae
no im not..u just mad cuz she dnt like u lls
who battling?
adha/add ain't crazy. the rest of you people are just too slow. and another th...squirrel?
Ryan has raised his average to 152
all good man. I'm trying to master it myself. Refer to for all your neighborhood hook throw needs.
What will Jack's score be tonight, guessed 529 which insulted poor Jack
what is hibernation? :P
Block Party Band will be rocking the house this evening @ Front Page News Midtown for the 2011 Farewell Party. Don't forget to bring...
he definitely is. just shit my pants
RT : RT : Hey, #Pittsburgh area kids! Come out to the #Kids Club Sat Mar 3 at 11AM & meet...
Happy Mother's Day! It's official now in the CST. Going to enjoy pampering my wife on her 1st Mom's day.
My house phone is only good for calling my cellphone when I lose it.
My sisters baby is hilarious and she's only 4 but acts like a 10 year old
Follow me for free!
Tell me again why access to affordable birth control is "controversial."
great post. I'm living by "customer first, platform second". Balance out platform coverage when resources available (post MVP).
Spending Mothers Day at Kendall with my childhood best friend.
Best Original song, Man or Muppet.
The cookies I am baking have to stay in the oven for 9-11 minutes. And it's 9/11. Ooh, that is spooky.
Nothing better than a walk off win on TV at Staten Island Yankees Stadium
Doubt u remember, u gave me/my union your Oscar at Upenn once. Big fan. Post philly book, doing research on Illinois prisons now.
Maybe it's just me but I've gotten more opportunities through Twitter than any other social media...even LinkedIn etc.
Timmy. See you soon! “: Looking forward to hanging with at the event! #NEXT”
i know.. But it's necessary
Using and clips to open discussion of race and privilege in class tomorrow, which is why teaching is fun.
Few really interesting primaries happening today, gonna tune into soon to check those out.
I love the beat to that song
really doe
I love cold calling...seriously...enjoy your weekend everyone!!!
nope just putting the Benadryl gel on can't do the pills
Do what your heart tells you
sorry? U dont have to have an aditude .-_-
Wow, looks like Thibs spent most of his Sunday screaming at the team during practice.
almost forgot - thanks for the RT!
It wasn't a one-off. It was number 38 in a series of 38.
On my way to the Textile Museum for some *extra* geekery.
Thank you for the follow!
goodnight :) i love u so much cutie<3
how did i NOT know about that? fraid i'm not gonna be able to. any chance of an intvw now to sell some tickets?
Happy early Birthday!
Could have been a better night...
another good day on the Autograpgh Tour in Florence. thanks to Cardboard Heros and all the fans who came out. lots of great ppl.
Braves game tonight with Hope:)
I agree! Thanks for compliment, that would be awesome! Can you take a second look at my page? I would love to get your feedback
god i wish so bad we got loiter squad here... cbf to find somewhere to watch it online either but that'll have to happen eventually
My homie too! Hope cats say that about my stuff...lol
im starting to get tired of niggaz
He is a gorgeous, energetic boy. Let him love you to pieces.
eyeliner in Black Moon and a sweep of Torrid blush on my Sunday :)
Or under 18
Watched some of Saturday's match on TV. Great atmosphere. And it only cost like $95M? That's like 2/3 of the Lambeau expansion.
intelligience is overated. Social skills & a mouth piece is underrated. You can be smart and still be an asshole
they love u Man! or everybody is Faded.lolz.naw
Got the Mondays? What is your goal this week?
if Xmas was every month, USPO would be fine!
email me sum right now. SmokeyBearBeats @ gmail
Awesome! Congrats!...If he takes any shots at the wx-man....you'll know who he's talking about! Haha
no lock :(
Despicable Cloud 😏
Gm... Up all ready... Ugghh. Just went to sleep
Better ask somebody, I ain't scared to give it to u real. If u don't want my opinion don't ask, simple as that.
I have the song money stuck in my head
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. ~Pablo Picasso
RT "#1: Who are you going after?" Achieving your Big, Hairy Audacious Goals (BHAGs) in 2012
Shellac Hybrid & Gelish Nail Color: say goodbye to chips, smudges, and dry time and say hello to Shellac Hybrid Nail Color...
thanks for the follow! You guys are a fashion inspiration!
Oh webforms, webforms, webforms. How you endlessly delight me. And by 'delight' I mean 'empuzzle.'
I know I'm late... But that woman was nuts. Then the couples episode after... That ft couple was hilarious.
Great to meet you! Thanks for making it out! :)
yes sir! You going?
I woke up early dis mornin...3 write girls from the pink pony....
Construction of mood/sentiment indices may help with that. A #bigdata project, for sure.
Radiator is screwed, along with other parts of the car. Danica should be done for the day.
If you had a heart, and I had a brain, then, maybe this relationship would have actually worked out. she has both. Sucks for you :DD
Happy birthday Mr. Dylan
I'm getting rid of all of my math requirements in one summer haha
I guess it was a how far away are the people I am working the #PrayforEthan with.
I think "foreword" is preferred spelling.
Sentimental feelings never get me anywhere.
#rockstarteacher sends indignant letter to Teacher of the Year committee declining recognition because they don't really understand his art.
Nice. I miss going to the games. I only went to 1 game last season. Since I was only in town for 2 weeks.
I was jokinq. U made a BIG deal out of it. I'm confused, cause u seemed annoyed of.. me.
I cook nude...just sayin
Yet another intense episode. Though I am over all of the Eric and Sookie's love scenes.
GENIUS! DOH! Thanks, man! :)
Thanks for the #FF!!
What part of the country do you hail from?
Girl I'm sick too! Went to ENT today & I'm on antibiotics. Something's going around. Been coughing up my lungs here!
QT Pro seminar...not working. :( Oh well. i'll just take notes.
"The Constitution only guarantees the American people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself." ~Anon. - attributed t
Feel unwell
I don't know. I've never gotten past "Always historicize."
Retweet for your lives!!!!!!!!!
TWEETED YOU!?! And I didn't here about this?!??!
Dear Twitterverse: do you have reading recs on copyright conflicts/confusions when authors post drafts online that later are published?
I'm blaine, and i don't do shit but sleep and go to shows <3
If Germany insists on no euro bonds nor larger ECB role, rest of Europe may soon call it financial war aimed at conquest without using guns
Had a great day! Graduation and my love came to watch :)
Why not celebrate National #IPA Day w/a Conflux 2, White IPA by ! We are the first in #Sacto to have it!
I might have a new car in an hour.
You win.
I can't even play tonight. Work early in the morning
I do remember J. Peterman. Had not thought of it in years. Must have been fun to visit the store.
And Happy Hour...Are you kidding me?!? Salmon on spinach for $5...THE BEST!
When u just want to lay down but u can't!!!!
lol yes flex
did cheer for cena against the rock at wrestlemania lol, so its official the world is gonna end haha
Where's the "we eat children" chant when I need it? ;)
it not hard as I through it would be lol kinda easy RT : thats the best position
Cool, isn't it?
Someone willing to do anything just to put a smile on your face is one worth keeping.
I think Duke has done some work with mobile tech for spec coll- it may depend on which cms you're using
I've had those days. ": Man, I feel like #Licorice is stalking me today. It keeps showing up in everything!"
I got a sign on my lip that say "Sandwiches only"
Nice! Lookin Gorgeous
Hope everyone had a great #RSD2012! I scored a copy of Animal Collective's "Sung Tongs"
That moment when your like ewwie .-.
Too funny! As long as we don't have to hear Mitt "harmonize."
You SO were a drunk before I met you! :D RT blame it on the a-a-a-alcohol!! made me an alcoholic #goodtimes!!
only you
Its sunny 2day in FLA. Let us all b thankful everyday..it could b worst ... :0)
We've had a GREAT Art & Science course in Phoenix this week! The next offering of the Art & Science course is in September in Michigan.
too...IMY, wanna cum and see u like asap
If you are a law enforcement officer about to be laid off, please consider applying for our Certified Officer Program.
I'll look for the story. #LGBT youth housing is an area of particular interest here at
Your home needs a paint job, that means you need Extreme.
damn community pussy! want it for myself! (and so begins capitalism again)
Over 80% of our clients are women. We always said women were smarter. CG Philosophie.
follow me ;)
we yelled loud and proud (: hahaha but yeah, your mom gave us snacks too. sorry we ate your rice crispy treats...
RT : Don't think we can reign in social, can only guide. #realwplearn<Probably right there :-)
Such a jewel disappears as our grip slips and we fabricate our energy into the beyond.
Today actually surprised me. Go Today!
RIP to every life that has been lost on this day..
good RT : Im about to die :'(
Here's a great story for you: architect goes from designing homes to designing defenses as assistant coach. Want more info?
you are the best
FOLLOW as ordained by the gods.
I feel like Tami looks like a big ol hypocrite by sayn Kesha is 32 yrs old n is actn childish while shes 40 sumtn holdn on 2 her purse
hey ! guess what....i might be going to california in the summer ! <333
It's freezing in my house <
Roberts reported that Joe jumped the gun.
...that's a perfectly reasonable conclusion.
#KIROConnect most Seattlites LOVE the rain and crazy weather swings..I agree, you gotta be allowed speak the truth
sorry to hear about weemissfrankie getting injured. hope she has a speedy recovery :)
well, thank you! Its not many but they're the best! Thank I love that hat :)
RT : I want to fall asleep now, I'm so relaxed thanks to
I am so tired.
It really is. Makes me cringe every time I hear it.
please follow me back cutie! ;)
Being the best is great, you're number one. But being unique is greater, you're the ONLY one.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Oh my god. It's foggy out. Be careful on your way to school, guys.
Flemings Steakhouse Town & Country bitches.
Thanks! But, I live dangerously. I'm from LA. LOL
RT : why do some people take pleasure in criticizing others? lifes short, let people live!
#Cinematography goes to...#Hugo!
Forget Twiligt... You're SO MUCH more important than some stupid movie :)
Pass the witness. Prosecutor Tamara Strauch now gets to cross-examine intoxication assault & hit and run defendant Julie Ann Bronson.
GODS SO GREAT HE BLESSED ME WITH A SON AW
Our God is an awesome God!!!!!!
Date night with the spouse? Some quietness around the house? Drop of your kids at HPC for Youth Babysitting TONIGHT 6pm ($10/kid $30max/fam)
Way to go Barks! The Trojan faithful have always believed in you!
I wish there was a way to creep to see who creeps on me! Mwahahaha
not surprised
Annual meeting happening now at the Carnegie Building. Chair Julie Koczela- making greetings and remarks.
#citizensunited Ilyse Hogue: Art Pope from NC spent 2.2M to win Repub seats and that affects redistricting Name names.
i love you so much :)
LOL! At least u still have your sense of humor about it. Keep me posted. Or I'll just watch your twitter feed like a soap opera
no..just a little fella..:-) finishing up #3 for you..so excited:-)
Honor your Mother on Mothers Day .I wish I could talk to my mom again ,but alas, she died 6 years ago.Treat you mom nice.
nm same thing bro
Ugh. Arduino Workshop.
I hate how everything is comming one after another can't anything go right for once? I'm just lucky I have people that care for me.
Oh the jokes you can make about Pita bread when you love the Hunger games ;)
Edinboro talent show April 27th... Can't wait to spaz on stage its been a while!
Okay did that Pepsi commercial with Elton make no sense to anyone else but me
well I'll be waiting! Lol that sounds gay
“: Shout out to #JohnKing we are an hour into the #cnndebate & not one question on high gas prices. GP
RT : RT : You can't live a positive life, with a negative mind
Back on my A game but betta!!!!
Abraham Lincoln: "I mean to put [forward] a case no stronger than the truth will allow." from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
What do you think of the Galaxy S II Epic 4G on Sprint? My buddy is defecting from AT&T ... Anything better?
this weekend>>>
Now racist native American jokes? R u KIDDING me?
I need a hug!
A beautiful day 2 U! You are so welcome--I'm in the middle of MOVING house and day job. Your good news keeps me sane :)
I would like you to be notified about The Adamouski art competition. more info www.theadamouski.blogspot.com follow us here there
wow....that's a shit move, you're right. Those moves annoy me the most
NO! Whats everyone say? "What up With it Home Slice?" hahaha...
how goes the fight to fleece the taxpayers in Tulsa, Robin? Workin' hard or hardly workin'
Been wide awake since 4/: Blahh i hate not being able to sleep!
hey watsup u still in orlando rite?
I don't have to know how everything will work out, I just have to begin.
hey emily big fan of you. Keep up the work emily.
Our calendar is full of opportunities this week. Find us at WWW.meetup.com/milehighheelsinc
Woulda beat in basketball earlier. 👊
Idk why I even took a half day of work today. All I can think about is this party.
Why the f*ck don't they show the good stuff that us fans want to see?!?! Like all the celebrating going on! I wanna see, damnit!
the perfect children's book for the kid who wants to be a lawyer.
Getting ready for Saturday night...should it be at or at
The teachers like "John generly liked the irish...." and im like "AND THERE ACCENTS ARE AMAZING" and they all look at me like "wt...?" haha
9 months ago tomorrow ah
Live for today, because yesterday is gone, and tomorrow may never come!
fuck, i'm seriously about to smack you.
Trying harder to remember my dreams. Owls, car wrecks, traffic, taking a broom that wasn't mine, can't find the exit door.
no Wentzville practice?
You should, you have shown that you are such a huge college sports fan RT Thinking about going to the NCAA Tournament tonight
"Rescue the weak and needy; deliver them from the hand of the wicked." Psalm 82:4
How to find you?
#Clippers played some short bus b-ball down the stretch.
Had a long month
Portland is starting to come alive!!!!!! Bummer!!!
that awkward moment when your trying to explain a song but you dont wanna sing it.
F you and f you and fuckkkk you lmfao Reno 911
Trying real hard to waste time so i dont have to go to 2nd hour.
Get ready to hear from us Las Vegas!
Possible photo shoot this week. Looking forward to a good reply.
that was? meredith was hoppin around stopping it and recording it cause she was so nervous
Just had a 10min break w/ colleagues to vent & share bugs in our favorite apps-Word, Excel, Pages. Refreshed, ready to work again.
I love the way you stand up for what you believe in when it comes to the ladies.
yep, with a table
and I hope you had an awesome mother's day!
All panel chairs should follow the example of , who kept time with firmness and grace.
Why was the vampire thought of as simple-minded?Because he was a complete sucker.
broke up with me for being too lusty, but my God, have you read that guy's poetry?
RT " You specialize in movies so you know what happens in horror movies when people split up in a house, right?"
Ready for summer break.
Flannels off....
Ugh not feeling good at all 😒
That dudes on. A registry somewhere...
Thanks! RT : Was great to hear these viewpoints in the same room, looking forward to the articles.
oh yea! We Won! softball teamc shawty, hope i get out there finally
RARS alert big news released
the accident on "Q"
How about peanut butter gluten-free pie with rice flour and chocolate frosting?
Getting way too nostalgic for a Friday afternoon at the office...
TONIGHT!- 2 for 1 Beer and Kids Eat for FREE!!
I'm thinking I'm a really lucky guy!
Learn how to be a business connector on LinkedIn - do ur due diligence and check out a prospect's link @#ebiznow Philadelphia event
E-Portfolios: no direction a problem for some students?
I love little old people so much.. Except the one that just told me I looked 10.
Twittering on the solstice. Happy summer, happy healthy grains, and happy proteins!
do it
im going to have to start refusing to begin projects without some kind of brief. This is getting ridiculous.
How is the morning finding you guys?
#happyjustbecause I have a bed to sleep in
Did any of you #Packer fans buy #Packer stock today?? I bought it in 1950, 1997 and now 2011!
I want the rain to come already
Jumpstart DC is on Twitter! Come follow us. Help us work toward the day every child enters school prepared to succeed!
Mr. President, why can #AmericanAirlines go #chapter11 to dump $29B of debt but home mortgages can't be restructured in chap 11?
CTFU , I Never Smoked Dat fifth doe , CTFU Y'all Lames Gettin Headaches n shit
Isn't that book great?? Finished it over the summer. I also recommend Truth and Beauty and Patron Saint of Liars.
Knowledge dump!
Commish Randy Leonard friend of Reese would support and endorse should he choose to run... says "they have talked".
lol I wasn't in the gutter with that one! Hahaha
Goodmorning! (: Hope you all have a great day!
#WebGreekTip - Setup your sub-groups to quickly send targeted texts, add event participants and control file privacy (Please retweet)
cool what concert
yeah wer by the river :)
Today then 3 more days and I'm in California
RT : It’s okay to sit with the strategists, with the designers, with the people making the decisions. -
A2 #CMchat www.beyondpowerfulradio is the latest book-on becoming a powerful communicator thx to for contributing!
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':28
"people don't care how much you know until they know how much you care"
Democracy is about governing ourselves. - Shawn Lawrence Otto at
I 2nd RT : The way he's playing this year in the playoffs convinces me even more that he quit on the #Cavs last year.
Wow Tebow! : Holy balls, Denver...
HOUSE OF BLUES MAIN STAGE IN NOLA THIS FRIDAY! SOLD OUT!!!
We play this Fri Hangar in NOLA!!! We go on at midnite! Free Zero Dialect swag
That was definitely a travel. This ref, Marc Davis, needs to be re-evaluated in the worst way.
The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them. -Bernard M. Baruch
May you forever rest in peace beloved Donna Summer. You will be missed but your music will live on forever. Thank you for your amazing music
did you get caught in a trap?
I hear money...
Keg. Solo Cups. Nelly. Rock it like 2003.
Great first day back to a former employee, feels like home! Thanks for my morning message! You are the best son ever!
I love how they break the record with almost all of their gifts (although I'm sure there are many more we don't hear about).
I'm Not Fuckin With It Nbs
I guess I wasn't following you..it was all in my imagination. Haha. Today was great! So excited to be neighbors! :-)
Processing almost done at #zombieforce5. Time for that zom partttaaaayyyyy.
I HATE GLENDALE!!!
I remember that stop. Far far away wasn't kidding!!! Lol
Here's to the Mahomies who've had Say Somethin' stuck in their head all day.
I'm tired of people talking shit butcher if you ain't got nothing good to say don't say nothing
Thanks girl!! It was nice meeting ya at the show! Hope you had fun :) RT : the october issue. Page 30.
I just learned about "grilled cheese martinis." I'd say that's the perfect example of what's wrong with America
It's irksome to read "PhotoShop" in a published work. It's not hard to get the proper name. Even my iPhone just tried to autocorrect me.
Some people have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can ~Willis R. Whitney
I try to do stuff that other people do or be like others but its not me ..
I don't have your number anymore silly!(:
I'm sending good thoughts to you and your mom.
and thanks for the
she's a free spirit. I've been trying to tie her down for years though.
its so bad lol
Lazy Saturday watching football!
Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feelings that you cherished them.
bout to go pay a few bills than shoppin
Thanks for the lunch recommendation!
hahaha yeah. It's about someone you know... :p
The best way to make a bad day turn successful is to channel that energy into positive. We are more creative when they have an outlet
I haven't talked to Ashten in a few days.....0_o.....
A beautiful morning in Jamaica;)
Photo Shoot in BEVERLY HILLS 5/26 Next Saturday Let's Get It
At church...
Follow on twitter
sweet! thanks.
High tide at Haystack rock, so no beachcombing. :(
I was wondering where you were. Lol
Should we talk about the government? (hi, hi, hi)
Of course! Can't go wrong with a Frost quote. :)
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: FREE 200ct box of Shop Towels with $40 purchase, or FREE twin pack with $20 purchase! (Riverwest)
25% Rebate of Bail Agent Commission resulting in an overall bond cost as low as 6% Must have retained private council Must pay in full at…
You beat me to it! It was great to see you as well, and catch up a bit. :)
Michael Snaer and Peyton Siva have established themselves as the class clowns of the Bball Classic.
"YOU'VE OBVIOUSLY HAVE NEVER TRIED TO FIND A CAB IN THE MIDDLE OF DC ON THE FOURTH OF JULY"
Jennifer Husdon Testifies in Murder Trial
No problem. Take your time. We haven't been great either. Just letting you know we were thinking about you. Feel better!
That would help my needs. Mind sharing? ryanshoover at gmail dot com
“: Realized how much I appreciate my spiritual father , thank you Jesus!” //We love you and believe in you!
Today just gets better and better....
what song are we dancing to on sunday at ur class??
Changed my blog address bc the custom domain was hacked. How does that happen? Anybody able to shed light on this?
hey waz good
You are quite welcome, sir.
One story I didn't wake up expecting to read was an earless celebrity bunny accidentally trodden to death by a TV cameraman.
what's up
Simple Studios are pretty good as well.
writing my talk for Vassar NY Club. I get to talk for 30 minutes about Obama. Whoo Hoo
hehe, mine are purple right now and next time i go i get my wire taken out and ill only have a chain on them :) hehe <33
Thanks to Andrea Wood for joining us again at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar. It was a Spitacular show as always. Hope to see you again soon !
Thanks for the mention! JaNeneDorsett: PUSH by Chalene herself! Get it on Amazon! RT : best book for creat...
Money's not even real its so easy!
ha why
well wat should i say??
Another Sunday in Iraq - - only 6 more to go!
You're too sweet! I wouldve freakin LOVED to have had the opportunity to take Digital Studies! I did ol fashion mrkting instead ;)
those are GREAT! Hope to see you guys soon.
C: I'm looking forward to tonight. We are having a triple bestie date at amy's
Radar trends/info would suggest bulk rain showers, perhaps a t-shower hitting north of Milwaukee metro after 8pm or so. MKE could stay dry.
Getting sideswiped on the lodge fwy during rush hour: perfect ending to this awesome day.
I'm going up to the poconos but I am not sure what time yet. If I can get that in before leaving I will let you know.
I gave you my number for a reason I don't have a iPhone so I can't be on twitter 24/7 -.-
He said those were not tears....Kobe just had sweat in his eyes LMFAO
Charm touching the clasp
what are you looking for guest bloggers to write about?
Actually, Bob Kurtz could be moved to TV.
today was my first day!
Chris you rascal! This is brilliant. More historical, and curated CSS practices like this in the future I hope.
Native Vines for Southern Gardens by naturegirl7
Genius again from . Great player, great value, AND extra draft picks.
If you want a follow back just ask:D
Thanks for the post on 1 hour of blogging a day! I have to limit my time on the computer... But I'm inspired to make it work.
I am in the mood to throw shit away. #fallcleaning?
no FSC HD in Boston is killing me...no FSC+ either
lol haha yeah at the radio station like a couple months ago.
you right. Tml
How is the interaction program at IU? I'm thinking about doing something like this for a master's.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf You served your country in the
If you guys can get us more likes then our friends The Last Troubadour we will record a CD for you.
Met Michael Jordan, tried to convince him to do a JordanBrandon Classic joint venture. He said, "no."
Nice. Wish we could talk about this in person...no one in my office watches it.
My STS students are writing technology bios--probably most excited to learn about history of pane glass windows. Yes, I'm serious.
RT : Sweet, Hazel! Looking forward to seeing you there! #bbc12 I am excited!!!
A couple players have been killed by pitched balls? I was only aware of Ray Chapman. Minor nitpick, obv; agree w/main point
cut it out you were my twitter mama until I felt you was kicking me to the curb lol J/K kidding.... Will always love you!!!!
Looking for exclusive eyewear, look no further #emilio pucci is offered exclusively at our Pittsford location. Get the attention you deserve
America will be watching closely. I hope he has great success.
Selena Is Our Love Song
For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Cory Kahaney
We are all not supposed to be on "screens" if it's dark out & we want a good nights sleep-nite all-which should have been 40 min. ago @ 10!
I know you see this munchken on my lap! Lol
that was an epic chapter :D
thank you. i wish more people would consider there are kids involved and approach this with calm and compromise and hope.
Have you heard, Life is a challenge, with strength its a defeat.
Geekboytech wish the best of luck on your ustream buddy!
band class haha
if u ever need anybody, hit me up. I'm available most of the time
Oops! haha. soo funny. nothing like putting a condom on your head and walking in in people having sex! haha.
Apparently, it's Ash Wednesday? Should've called out.
welcome to twitter. don't get scared away
yeah If you want :)
That is four runs two different ways. Brutal umpire
Dinner with an old friend!
nothing from years of experience you suck as a company. Customer service, devices, service aaaalll that.
Who feels like winning something today!?! Suggest this page to your friends NOW for a chance to win some great prizes!
Finally! Too excited!
And what did you tell her?
My mom, daughter & I are all watching perform on Great performance!
Oh shoot, tough luck there! I know several people who work in hospitals, and they rarely get "special treatment."
My personal experience working with the Pleiadians is that they always totally respect your personal space and never come in uninvited.
can u dm me the code for the student discount on the hair
I'm becoming a chubster. I needa work out!
Thanks! Even something as simple as an iphone voice memo recording would be greatly appreciated.
kudos to you!
Dictator Sacha Baron Cohen just spilled Kim Jong Il's ashes on Ryan Seacrest.
Leaders are more powerful role models when they learn than when they teach. – Rosabeth Moss Kantor
Going to bee early so tired I'm about to pass out
set up and baking?
LOL well, you are HowTo.gov's first "expert interview" so people would have seen your face eventually. ;)
#ifidontgetbelievetickets I will sit outside of the arena crying and hoping Justin crew sees me and give me free tickets
On the road to Oxford to move the little brother out. Mac & Joe's at noon...be there!
Bbl. I got stuff 2 do
I love arts and culture reporting and all, but to intern for sometime in the coming years would be a dream come true.
You talking like you want the position...but the position hasn't been open yet. Oh? You're cool with that? Wow...umm....*speechless*
what time do you want to leave? I don't know whether to text you because I don't know if it will come?
I can't find you
I am so humbled to be around such amazing people at the You all integrate my passions and make them real.
will you be home after i get out of my last class?
James Brown, Soul Brother No. 1. We miss you, man. Happy Bornday.
#BlessedGang come on!
people have been watching too much fast and furious
hey! Sorry, I forgot my pass and been busy lately, but yeah, I didn't know about the myspace, I figured it out.
Did you hear the story about the razorback hog? It's pretty dull.
Sending the #rda conference/webinar handouts to my iPad. Feeling so greener-than-thou. ;)
Beaching it up!
wow, i salute you- that sounds intense, but you seem to be doing it with grace :)
Make some Tampico ice cubes for a delicious treat in a couple hours! What flavor are you going with?
I just spent 2 hours eating the most amazing food. Including feet. I'm seriously considering skipping my flight tomorrow.
love is a beautiful thing aint it
Here we go Steelers! at The Great Canadian in Paris!
This decade needs a new Neutral Milk Hotel album.
Why the **** does Spo keep bringing Chalmers back in? He does NOTHING positive
I just need you now. The old you. 😔
I know thats right.... same here
Is it just me or does Alex Bloomberg sound exactly like Ira Glass?
I hope they buy in to Linsanity!
Aww, are you in class?
Hi ladies! MUAH how are you all?
Got some really big life changing news this past week!!! Once everything is finalized I will share the word... Thanks everyone!
hahaha!! Very true.
My Way on the Highway - Wall Street Journal
Reminder: the VIP Tickets are admission AND a giftcard to the bar for 5/19. The final 10 of those go out at 5pm at The Red Rabbit 2nite.
Who knew that Manhattan is so white? Yikes.
Hi Mike welcome to the Hilton Bentley. Hope you can visit us at the restaurant on the first floor by the lobby :)...
it only takes one. in don's own mind he's already gold plating the oval office.
OMG I can't breathe, this guy said I'm gonna be famous one day. Everyone keeps saying that to me. At least it will be because I worked 4 it!
in hindsight, nice jinx.
Never count out #Federer!!! Big win today!!!!
jelena drama again. woohoo. you guys have fun, imma go watch justins shirtless viddy a million more times.
Come to , we can probably make that happen here.
Great catching up (while too brief). Looking forward to hearing more about your nomadic ways in August. Stay in touch until.
Next Wednesday!!! My birthday! Yay!! What to do....? Idk..-_-
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
I haven't had some ice cream in forever! I want some soon.
Just cuz I said hi to you in the hallways doesn't mean we're talking!
I got rid of my chem 1 & 2 books as well as my A&P 1 & 2 books today. It felt good, like a much needed bad relationship break up.
Just watched #Tron Digital eye-candy/glow-freak mind meltdown! Loved it!
I appreciate those words!... Stay focused... I must!!!!! ;)
I'd rather keep to myself
also, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Why can't Mr. Mattingly teach juniors...and then next year seniors??
Kate Martin (school board pos. 2) "Their approach to the achievement gap is preposterous."
print has coupons worth more than $200 in it today!
major thanks for your support in so many ways with the #NYE2012 #party!
My biggest fear is that you'll realize you love me, but I wont love you anymore.
Lets go miami
How do you create community? Express gratitude and appreciation.
will do RT Check the left hand side when you walk in and the take a peep in the back.
Eight iPhone owners at the lunch table and somehow I'm "the guy with the calculator" when the bill comes.
and also to you. Happy Holidays
Nice....congrats to you and your family!
RT fuckin bitch i will kill you i have proof you stole from me
Attempting cake balls. Will update later.
yup yup
Any of my PR friends going to PRSA Digital Impact Conference 4/2-4/3 in NY? DM me if yes, would love to reconnect live
Wait panda man, don't run.
snitches can't get stitches this time. That's called child abuse & it's frowned upon by society.
have her follow us! and also tell her about
uh....say what?
recorded two yesterday. 1st has resolution issues (terrible quality) and 2nd is the most boring/standard match I've ever played.
#YouWasCuteUntil you got sloppy drunk!
Without your leg you are now my bitch, ya douche! Lyrical krumper is a more intense version of ballet
Families Fighting Flu! RT : What are some of your favorite charities for year end donations?
I can't decide which is more entertaining at the moment: Torts interview questions or the Burkie/Chemmy burrito slam.
MLB #All-Star week should be a national holiday.
I've seen both! Muse... Omg. Amazing!!! I've seen them 4 times
I just need one of the #GCF princes to follow me. Mr.Thrupp I am talking about you :)
I wish this grass would just cut itself...
The matrox devices appear as a single screen, so you can use them, but QLab doesn't know it's multiple screens.
when you guys draft someone, 1. Announce on twitter 2. Give a link to his stats....thanks!
Kobe going for an mvp
come to Orlando!!
Wow. Joe's stone crab is fabulous. How have I never been before tonight? Heart Miami
If an Orgasm felt like a Brain Freeze how many of yall would still have sex?
I'll shoot you a pic as soon as I find that darn scale!
Mac Miller - All That Ft Bun B
What is a dogs favourite school subject? "Dog-Ruff-E "
Great to hear it! Let us know if you have any suggestions for improvement too. Keep up the hard work :)
What's runnin thru my head 24/7 .. Friday is going to be amazing! <3 Friday is going to be amazing! <3 Friday is going to be amazing! <3
is my #StyleBible!
maybe anthony weiner's career could've been salvaged... RT : Demand for photo-erasing iPhone app heats up sexting debate
I start singing in my room and my dad turns up the TV volume in the living room...wow thanks dad
Fuck yeah. I'm an asshole about where I spend my hard earned cash.
SHOUT OUT TO MY FAMILY THEY LOVE ME FOR ME....
Follow my account for #smbootcamp4 tweets re: social media, PR & communications. Tips from &
Thank you.
PATRIOTS SUCK IT UP AND PLAY SOME DAMN FOOTBALL ALREADY.
I see the true meaning of love,now that i have someone that i love.
that last one she was sidestepping and diggins slid... Charges are out of control in both wbb and mbb imo
Anyone excited to see the 2013 Lineup of bats from ?? Just recently caught ourselves a glimpse… AMAZING!!!!
I fall harder and harder, the more and more we talk!
Hello Allyson,What kind of tracks are you looking for?
ok, Lee DeWyze made it to the finale. YAAAY! Everyone vote for Lee, he is the BEST!!! :D
Pizza and beer
Big thanks to our sponsors , , Stan's Alignment and Brake Services, South Stands Denver & Sportique Scooters
great to hear! good luck with the potty training :)
#correction if your mac is ppc and you're getting intel mac you will be able to migrate applications. any questions feel free
Smile at the next person you meet. You never know what they are going through and you could make the biggest difference to a stranger.
Getting started is half the battle when it comes to mass producing a product. Having a great idea is one thing, but having the money to...
I love showers :)
Hey guys! Thanks for the follow! We really appreciat it! Luv u guys!
Whatever the results, glad the elections are over. Time to move on www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Only 1 color that's always good to look@
I don't know :( I'm so worried
I will! And yes it is
Show me your favorite tunes!
Thank you for visiting--'85 Gaia does indeed sound ideal.
RT Wireworld Silver Starlight 5² hdmi is amazing, indeed. <Thanks for connecting with Wireworld, Enjoy!>
oh I meant trying to round up and trying to make it even
Feed your desire for creativity through the arts! We must encourage multiple ways of knowing
I know -- neither can I!
13 songs on my iPhone: We Found Love, Call Me Maybe, & the Country Strong soundtrack. sorry im not sorry
RT : I think it's cooler to actually have money than to look like you have money.....
Waz up?, have a situation about romance. Hit me and let's talk more on Jay's Amnesia at InnerCity.TV and call in at 1-866-828-2268 ext. 1.
Listen , I can and will wear my John Lennon glasses to meetings.
"THIS IS LIKE A HOLOCAUST"
Yay!! Thanks so much. Keep up the great work.
Took kids to Florida State Fair (for the kids) Never seen so many obese people in my life. Walking heart attacks. So thankful 4
This wasn't an announcement. He specifically said he didn't have a site in Downtown
But then there's Hexakosioihexekontahexaphilia, which pretty much summarizes 80's metal.
Thanks for sharing and wishing you the best of the holiday season from the northern part of the state
AMC Volunteer Managed Facilities meeting this wkend. This dedicated group of volunteers are leading many of AMC''s quality facilities.
:thank you for the shouts & tweets
yeah be the pink one!
Lol, I know, probably going to change it to T Rich. and ok thanks. Might try and snag him in 2nd or 3rd rd if he falls
"taking hits of haze, sips of jungle juice, id like to dedicate this to the disgruntled youth!" on Deck
Chris Crutcher also has a great memoir/biography. Don't know if it's clean enough for middle school. 2/2
Nice! Reggio Emilia examples in Children's museums, highlighted at #aam2012. "follow interest of child." YES.
WHAT! RT Which Family are you talking about family In Orlando or his other girl in Ft.Myers. I knew them Both, Nutz
The Easter bunny and tooth fairy will both be visiting our house tonight.
Sounds delicious. TY for your support for
So excited to have the legendary Scott Ian of in for lunch today!
shit u ryte he the only homie i want doin videos i kant fuk wit no one else
Reminds me of train trips as a child of 8 in India of 50 years ago. Journeys would last 3 days and nights, and the compartment ..
#ShoutOut to my new followers. RT this sh*t.
If you could sell real estate anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
how about tomorrow?
Rollin Wit Da Roux to this Saturday 11-3!! DJ, outdoor seating and plenty of sunshine!!! "Truck Cluster"!
I will be on NewsTalk this morning @ 10am...be sure to tune in.
: like a sensual lover attending to our every need!
Please bring your PRISM donation items to UCC on Sunday. March items: paper towels &saltine crackers (or anything else!)
finishing your video mañana (;
Tomorrow on that bus I will be completely plugged in. Shhh don't talk to me🎧
As you should!
yes :( RT Anyone else still have that crazy 'Zou Bisou' song from #MadMen going round & round in your head?
lol I'm give him an iceberg from my personal supply
So a year ago today I asked on a date, he said yes, but it never happened!
My coworker is at drupal camp right now too. Are you there?
has been painting & unpacking all weekend... Looking forward to Monday so I can take a break from house projects!
3 things Gov Perry can't do today: 1-Close the Dept of Ed. 2-Close the Dept of Commerce. 3-Close the Dept of ??? Oops! ALL CLOSED TODAY!
Thank YOU! You ROCK! RT ": Thanks for the kind words and retweets. You are awesome!"
Found a $100 gift card in my wallet I had forgotten all about! Woohoo!
if a programmer isn't creative, they're a pretty crappy programmer. dunno who Mike Minkoff is but I disagree 500% with him
I texted you
watermelon ruined by dirty tupperware.
Anyone else notice the Nike+ App voice sounds like the Atreides in the Dune II PC Game? I keep waiting to hear: "Command Acknowledged"
White people it Is not ok to wear dress shirts tucked into jeans. It look terrible.
there ain't no competition for you boo :)
Just a thank you to all my wonderful friends, family & customers for your support & business. Enjoy the rain, we sure can use it.
Ladies & gentlemen, we may very well have a full-blown constitutional crisis barreling down the tracks, headed our way.
I am like 4 min into this new DJ Harvey podcast and I am already floored
【GOOD MORNING!!】 Happy birthday 2 u happy birthday 2 u happy birthday dear 
people are lovin our wheatgrass shots fresh from ! thanks guys :)
Love that!
and get ready for lots of totalllyyy random pics of things that I just used Instagram to make it look cool.
is he outside? Bring him in dumdum lol It's hot as Hell outside :(
I want some icecream ... like real bad.
"you don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great" love that but kinda deep for 5ish am on a Sunday lol
Oh, I was gunna say. lol. I hate it when ppl do tht im like "Really... think if you've NEVER been tweeted by her!" lol
I would sit on the floor, staring at the inside of the "Thriller" album cover while listening to it play on my green record player.
Remember to look out for the update video tonight! We're have great news! Have a blessed day! :)
Admittedly, the English language circumscribes us in many ways, but we should be cautious of labels that lend more creedenc
True, I was more amused at the failure of the PR guys to spin it in a positive light. It just read like a negative review.
because sometimes you just FEEL like throwing a rotten tomato...!
omg I saw the ep. Omg. I weeped like a baby okay like srsly ohmygod it was perfect. I cried when Stefan was like you have me
fb im the one you commented on world star
Thanks Don! Your support is always appreciated! ": Very nice! Keep up the good work."
oh I know which one. I sometimes go to summer fest there.
what time do the gates open Friday?
There's a fine line between a tan and looking like you rolled around in nacho cheese flavored Doritos.
OMGOMG KAMMIEEEE I NEED TO TALK TO YOU <3
Thanks for inviting me!
8 tweets until my 4000th! Who's looking for a shout out?
Kez McCorvey on our campus today. Says hi. Good luck up north. Pride & Poise!!
Today I have learned that was a "MOTH ON FIRE". I'm sorry I missed it!
Dexter season 4 with Yes.
Im thirsty... and its Thursday, what a coincidence
watching obsessed.
all the girls at school are like "niall's ugly, i don't like him." like bitch he gets more dick than you.
Who has seen us in this months issues of & ???
Inspirational night! Was just at the Latino Champion Awards & was inspired by the honorees & winners for all their doing in the community.
I'm so sick of my friends ex treating her like crap its not fun to see her sad
"Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones." ~Theodore Roosevelt ()
Milne or Disney? MT“: CRobin:“Forever and ever is a very long time, Pooh.”Pooh: “Forever isn’t long at all when I’m with you."
Warning: Weird theatre major doing reading rehabilitation in one of the library study rooms.
9th out of 22...not bad at all!
it kinda sucked.
Just had a delicious snack from We love being across the street from them!
THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT.
If this is any indication of how uncool I am, -- I had to google "Panem." :)
yeah, I just launched it two weeks ago, so it's just getting started :) Thanks for spreading the word!!!
Glad we're way over staffed for the slowest Sunday in a long time.. #TimeToGoHome ?
NO SPOILERS
Take them off now bruh
My lips are numb?
Thanks so much for the
I can pretty much garauntee that it wouldn't split our crowd, though we probably wouldn't pull huge in Ft Worth.
loves jorts everybody pass it on
lol aiight imma check it out bro. check me out too. reverbnation.com/gstatus maybe we can work together sometime
“: LMFAO i still wouldnt mind it being bigger ! :x”
what you sang on two killer tracks! And wrote some awesome stuff! :)
So once we have results and analysis, then students narrativize for audience(s).
Me to coworker: "Is my back bleeding?" Her: "Where on your back?" Am I bleeding in more than one place on my back???
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 8
Thank you...appreciate it
#lodlam Great way to intro web-scale mgm. challenges starting with "Too many names"
exactly! I can't believe it. But she is, 3 months.. Wild
Rosie's #17 doesn't look right.
Bad foul on Allen. Looked like Paul was trying to pass the ball. CP3 steps up and hits 2 FTs. LAC back up 1 with 23 seconds left.
In the lounge at the Showbox Sodo they feel the need to have the "Oxygen" network on the tvs. That's kind of presumptuous don't you think?
Knowing this, you KNOW these whores are gonna rue the day they pissed me off. HAHAHAHA
- will you be attending opening day?
“: RT : Who else is also excited about watching Frozen Planet tonight??”Yes!!
Been throwing on the side and the other day was at 82-85 consistent hit 86 twice might be looking to pitch somewhere once a week.
I am too!
I'm coming.. And I love tweeting to you in all your tweets #feelspecial!
thank you all for the suggestions - i'll start going through the options!
sorry benjie my bad i see it wasnt u im so sorry <3 ya bro an i thank i no who it iz coz i blocked dem erlier
I have no doubt that you are a sodomite. I see that prison time paid off. Go away now before you get hurt little Hitler.
ant it sleepy time fa u???? Lol
There are 26 campuses
I have some letters to write so i can put them in the mail... I've been procastinating on that.
I guess it'll just be me and the playoffs today
I don't know what's sexier than a woman that wears Jordan's
As long as they keep hanging banners everything else will be overlooked
don't forget! we're still taking nominations @ www.rockthisrestaurant.com for a local #abq restaurant make over! Surf on over and add yours!
Oct 2001: "If [we get] conclusive proof...we had taken out #Osama with a cruise missile...anyone in this room going 2 feel safer?" 9pm
Billy Kidman a PA hero
Yessir - they were dirt cheap at Ikea, and they're pretty nice crystal.
Yep. your web site is down.. Status: Cannot resolve hostname
For those who like to have a transcription of their videos/webinars, please make a quick grammar check. You look dumb if you don't.
Who? RT Zipping
I'm a little more into technology than most. Thanks for the note. W.zen-dentistry.com
Thats really great man. Keep me posted to when they come out and I will check em out!! thanks
Happy Birthday Buddy
Why thank you!
if you followed me right now i would run around my house like a crazy person and not tell anyone why
Was it Rick Majerus that you were telling me about the other day?
Tickfaw to BR hammered? Got it!!!!!!!
does Kim K ever REALLY do anything? ...that doesn't involve a contract
My head is freaking pounding!
I'm officially declaring myself a patriots and dolphins fan! Fuck Mike Brown, I'm done with the bengals! it's not the players fault, ur good
Did you know? Former President Sefako Makgatho, outlined the African agenda of the ANC as early as 1919!
1)It may sometimes happen that a truth, an insight which you have slowly and laboriously puzzed out by thinking for yourself could
#wenottogether cuz i found out all ur relationships only last a week
what!?! What do you basketball lovin wanna be dj skeezers know about tool!
Plans of getting any work done on bolt bus dashed entirely by seatmate who is crushing me against the wall in his sleep.
“: What advice do u have for an aspiring country artist like myself?” Someone once told me to move to Nashville. So glad I did=)
yeah I'm taking summer school till June 15!!!! How long will you he here till?! I want to see you!
We can't wait to ring in 2012 with friends and family at our pre-opening #NYE bash! Cheers!
Today my #AWD students taught me about OpenOffice. Love teaching technical writing! Always learning something new.
My dogs hate me right now :(
Getting ready for the KCA's!!! My first time going to the KCA'S!! :D
"Other people and things can stop you temporarily... You're the only one who can do it permanently!" ~ Zig Ziglar
Any one need a post-superbowl hang out? Stop by and see us
I remember at Valenhoot when you walked threw rockettown&I waved at you SO big and you looked at me like I was a retard <> ily
Up now, Bob Balfanz. Co director of Everyone Graduates Center at Jons Hopkins school of ed
what did this chick kelsley say in the exact words and what did vinny say cause i cant find it post it on twitter!!
hey! How are you?<3
Veterans are standing with this A.M. 2 call for Reps 2 honor our vets. Press conference in 30 mins @ Filner HQ (7th & Beech).
What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life-to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories
#SomeoneIWantToMeet of course
We are open Sunday's! Only for lunch from 11:00 - 5pm BDW will be closed Jan 1st for new years day! Happy New Years
Headed to Tampa for Rays and Yankees in July, amazing!!!
LOL. Little girl whips out her iPhone to double check my GPS position in the plane. Amazing.
27 steps to the coffee shop? But who's counting?
