I was to gone.
miss you too!
Reading How to Market to People Not Like You. Probably a must-read for accent instructors.
missed you at church again tonight, its been a while since you have showed up
Cohen traces the era of oil (and its hidden and visible violence) as the backdrop for era of cinema and era of photography
Campbell 's, GE, HP, Nike Rank Among Top for Green-Minded Firms
u a clever mtf man
How is it already that time of year again? What to give up?? Ideas?
it's awesome for no reason other than the fact it just is
Dressing up as a black rose Irish pub bouncer tonight since, well, I'm a bouncer from 9-close at the black rise Irish pub.
Gorgeous day at Dupont Circle farmers market.
I will bring you 3 in exchange for the safe return of the Big Boy that took. Deal?
Wait, some of you still watch First Take? Oh.
Much better. RT : Got to work super early just so I can restart my comp. It takes at least 15 minutes :/
so i have the option to take a week vacation in late sept or early oct, and i'm eyeing japan... thoughts?
NYC in all it's glory tonight. This might be the last chilly weekend of the winter.
$EFOI Is holding 74 relevant lighting patents.
Ask the NFBC boyz if they will give you their data
Your car shakes the whole parking lot ha
Besides, I need to crack into BSG. You guys have all of them, right? By "crack into" I really mean "break into" your house.
LL Radio Free IBA will include "a ton" of raspberry purée. Tom Porter isn't sure how much will come through as the sugars will be fermented.
"Differences can be advantageous" says Rosalia Thomas at #tagdiversity networking event
So sick!
true. Benefit then is a sportwide common good (additional funded prog), cost disproportionally borne in pairwise by HE elite?
so I chilled at home all day
i been 1
Ouch. My husband's had that surgery. Hope his recovery is speedy.
even in skinny jeans, is no joke when it comes to sawing down a Christmas tree
RT : Tip #58: One way to make your company stand out is to address what your customers don't like about your industry.
Daily Special, Tue 03/13/12 - Betty's homemade meatloaf served with mashed potatoes & gravy, green beans, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09
Have found no training going on in any depts or admin units.
Watched the sun rise over the Jacksonville skyline and shared bear hugs with some of the world's sweetest kids.
The fact that you're mine.
If you really want to depress someone just give them natural light and a mirror.
40th anniversary of #Sheraton San Diego Hotel & Marina “Our Anniversary Your Reason to Celebrate” 1st night $104 / 2nd night $72
I hear them!
going on a Guadalupe Lumber power play. (0/2 tonight)
S/O to all the mothers who act as the FATHER TOO.. I HAVE NO RESPECT FOR DEAD BEAT DADS!!!
So far, so awesome!
is steeling tweets again
American Reunion movie time with at ! oh baby
that smell from the back of your ear when take your earrings off
He's my dad why would I answer that ? lol
I'm available for trainings for NDEAM and DMD next month and beyond. Please contact me. I'll travel nationally & globally. Based in Dallas.
yes fool was hoping to run into you!!
Oh it's on purpose, baby. Do I make you horny? ;)
Square peg, round hole.
Excalibur "25% Non-Refundable Offer!": Excalibur "25% Non-Refundable Offer!" *Book this special offer today and s...
You know, Ivy's descent into drug addiction is almost as rapid as Jesse Spano's.
Derby Festival to unveil 2010 Pegasus Pins tomorrow at 10 a.m. Follow & find out where to get your pin first!
I wonder which political strategist told Tim Pawlenty the Ames Straw Poll was relevant.
Ready to earn that degree? Start Monday at #NewEngland's most #affordable private #college! (Us DoE, 2011) Call today 1-617-603-6942!
"Get An Eduction And Get Paid More For Your Time" - Subject line of UPhoenix spam. Seems like eductile disfunction to me.
my phone has been tripping soo much since i left
havent tweeted in a long time! no phone or car.. dont know what to do with myself.
I will check to see if MLA will let me post the slides.
I been hearing a lot about Krit..maybe I need to wake up, haha!
Ever since moved in with me its been a blessing to wake up and go to sleep everyday next to her love you boo ;)
#iconf11 poster session is blowin mind!
#ImNotLooking forward to this exam in the morning
Had to restore my iPod after the Pandora app crashed it, yet again. Just lost 3,000+ songs.
The visitcalifornia.com commercial just made me REALLY want to move there *hint ;).
#OSM is important but imperfect #wherecamptb2012 needs to overcome obstacles to make much more utilitarian in nature
#nataspsw social media Joan, Brent, Melodie. Great content. Tx.
Wolfe Video has come on board Diversity Platinum! Become a Diversity Platinum member and get a $5.00 gift card from Wolfe Video!
About to tattoo an " octopus... Excitement !! Cool tattoos make my nipples hard...
I'm laughing so hard right now idk why 😂
RT : Of course, while Clooney's being arrested outside the Embassy, Brad Pitt & Matt Damon are inside cleaning out the safe.
I'm sorry but I can t find an available copy if more to life
Hope all of you are well!
Belief in yourself is the cornerstone to success in life and business. Keep smiling.
I think this guy might be a bit, um, touched.
wait, who are you rooting for?
John said there is great chemistry with Shemon...that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard
alright good!
giving The Diviners a shoutout here @ #lbyrpreview 9/18 is the books birthday
biggin bakk bein boo blowin ready for this sit down just hate processing
Therefore, I will have to decapitate her and ship her head back to her home Country which isn't fucking America.
Its lookin ji tuff right now for the heat
HA! It they only knew what we's bout to do.... Minds will be blown
Don't forget, from will be answering your questions tonight at 8pm!
Nah lately I've been sharing you, it's otay though..
rocks! Thanks for letting me barge in and work there. For devs in South Austin, don't work alone, sign up.
looking forward to it! We'd love to have you!
I always end up friends with my brothers girlfriends, I get to tell all the funny stories
oh no I'm missing it?
happy bday my dude. Its been forever
LOOKIN 4 BOOTIES attached to BIGG BREASTED cuties acting loose and want to be touched we passing out shots everybody JUICED UP!!!
It's time (Fri, 3pm) to have a private pep talk and pump out 2 solid hrs of work. At 5, I close up shop and celebrate weekend.
Welcome to the building! I can't miss you on a Saturday morning apparently!
#youcantdateme if your shorter than me. Just not cool lmfao
Getting ready to present on using Twitter for Business on a #CSAA webinar later this month. Link and date to follow soon!
I'm scheduled 9-5, but that's not supposed to start until next week. They just decided to come in this morning instead of night.
GPL is a given :-)
the show was awesome. Congrats! On to bigger and Better things for all.
When I see her (Hailey)face there's not a thing I would change.
It's hard because many gays don't believe it is an abom. Just like MOST Christians don't believe shellfish is an abom.
I feel so bad when I have so many friends at a show .. I wish I could meet new people !
oh my, hot boy at subway. :D
Dear GOP. U do not, in any sense, practice tolerance,follow the founding fathers, or believe in small gvt. U think u do only bc u'r stupid.
Trying to save wasted characters, I'm shortening #theaverygauntlet to #averygauntlet. Hoping congress following my pork-cutting efforts
my school is eighty five percent white .. i'ma find my husband !
How do I have a B in Toffoli?
Beez in the trap may be the worst song ever.
Tux N Tennies was fun tonight! Our shoe segment is going to be awesome!
Me neither! Never watched it. Good riddance!
It seems weird to me that that is acceptable.
I hate driving my mom's mini van -_-
Every saint has a past, Every Sinner has a future ...
your booty got me lost like nemo.
Happy birthday Alex!! I hope you have a wonderful day!!:)
Thanks, dude! I guess we done good.
behind berry
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!! AND AMAZING AT SINGING!
We're hosting a Lunch&Learn in Minnetonka and wanted to see if you'd like to join. Are you enjoying #TIES11?
omg i could not stop laughing at your other tweet!
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
Ugly game! Ugh
lol no what were saying?! >:(
no I'm not! . I texted you yesterday & called. Never got a reply. Cool!
Goodnight Beautiful people (:
you are on your way to being a superstar...you have everything you need
laid out for the first time this year&im sure I heard one of my neighbors blow a grenade whistle.
Hehe so do i ! But im not saying who it is !
are you actually a big Magic fan or do you just consider it a job?
At #AlamoDrafthouse with D to see #HungerGames in 30 minutes! D is trying her first egg cream.
i hate girls who dont know whats up...
I wish I could sleep like everyone else :/
I'll make sure to connect with her (or them).
Previous tweet thanks to insights from an effort by the LDS to create a global name database. Of course!
and I remember you telling me this!! I'm still surprised by it!! Maybe he is waiting for the very very loyal ones ;)
Tell everyone to help support us so we can come to Brazil! Ask your show promoters :)
I still cannot get used to seeing him in a brewers cap “: Writing "Braun" then "Ramirez" in the scoreboard feels odd...”
lmao wait can u call me tonight or nah ?
"A" 1st letter n tha Alphabet, Adora Baby!! # Adored!!
taken from real twitter profile--perfectly sums up half of twitter: "..Keeping it real. I'm a princess. #MVP"
": Third game this year. Do u get VIP seats? My son and I are going to Clippers/Pacers game Tuesday night.
#inthesummer I like to record everything.
Heat Index in Washington DC is 108-113. But I Ain't complaining!
It's a nice feeling to let go of someone that was just holding you back.
what major did you apply for?
Taiwan Stocks: AU Optronics, Hon Hai Precision, Quanta Computer - Bloomberg
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Kyle Rode ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Lexington, KY ⁰Travel Team: K.Y.W.A. Magic ⁰Point Guard 5’10
What a beatiful day in the sunshine state...nice and hot......hpe u'll r havin a BLESSED day... stay focused & encouraged..
I followed
#Love conquers all things. Never #judge a person because of their #sin. The love of #Christ saved us from our sin. Share God's love
Heading into a new week with great possibilities.
Pizza and X box with my bro.
Thanks to all the new like-ers on Facebook for helping us [finally] surpass the 300 mark. Next up, 400+. Before that, artwork.
Woke Up Today And Walked Downtown And Bought Me A Pair Of Comune Jeans..Their Dopee!..
Of course I DON'T miss those bitches :l
Road trip!
Why can't he see it ? That im the one waiting for his attention..
Hi!! Can you please ask Ariana to follow me? Its okay if everyone asks you it and you have too many. lol Thank u 3♥ ♥Bretana♥
Sad that this has become the definition of 'vintage Zito.'
MEGA Brands and Mattel announce worldwide licensing partnership
can u give me a Cute icon? I cant pick one !
NFL wow. my poor seahawks are getting their asses handed to em' by peyton and the colts. bogus. i think all the pink is throwing them off.
I am not looking for easy but looking for Ty. Have you seen him?
Guess what I have on my lips...?
At #THATCamp Penn, hearing spread the good word in the intro session. Testify!
agree!! We need to have a student, teacher, parent and employer roundtable!!
Incentive for websites to protect #privacy. RT Myspace settles w/FTC re misleading users about sharing pers info w/advertisers:...
I'm so ready for tomorrow. LET'S GO!!
Don't we all.....lol
Thanks for the follow-up. After the last time reset, its holding steady. Not sure what happened, but all good for now.
thanks. Just putting my hard work in :)
Counting down the hours till 4 days off!
Thanks so much, Arthur!
Judge asks jury "can u all be fair?" All jurors shake head yes. I almost burst out in laughter-- as that's not gonna happen!
Hasn't started yet.
haha no love :) I was referring to an argument via facebook.
hahahahhahahahhahaha well duh ! (: you better not go telling them !
Seriously, Pandora? Coldplay's The Scientist? Okay, I will go get my black hair dye.
Sports Talk...No East Coast Bias.
thanks for following, please let us know if we can be of service to you. Best All Marble Restoration 561-293-3658
I don't want the world to see me, cause I don't think that they'd understand.
Put God First & You Will Get SUCCESS
Yeah Buddy!!!
Do you want to try out Lichi diet products?
"Fuck You Pay Me is what I told a bitch..!!"
Gotta admire your honesty and willingness not to worry about TMI.
my heart. omfg.
I knew I saw something going on! RT : HBO's Treme is filming in the School of Architecture.
You wassup girl aint gotta ask it i dead em all now i buy da casket
i want to go see a movie before this break is over I'm going to see one!
Our editorial team wants to use the Teri Meri and Chamal Challo remix, what you say ? xx
1234 = One Church, Two Services, Third Month, Fourth Day! Starting March 4, HPC will go to two services! 9am and 10:45!
“: Vaya con Dios Bears 2011 season.” hope he is ok...
Chasing a dream
. also putting "If you think this guy is nuts, wait'll you see Mormonism." on the table
NFPA :: Press Room :: News releases
These intros are painful
hey there, i sent you a DM a few days back. just want to make sure you got it! thanks :-)
#ReTweet If your on Mid-Winter Break!
MARK YOUR CALENDERS!!! I'm hosting a party for Vault jeans AND Paparazzi Jewelry on June 16th!!
I am waiting until after finals to buy Skyrim, is this the most responsible plan?
obesity as disease v. Result of feeding behav misses concepts of drive, conditioning & choice w/ exogenous & end factors
Great meeting you! Thank you for coming & we hope to see you at our next event.
#itsFriday #endofanotherweek - were you more productive this week than last?
Yes, I think she's "done". #KGWNightTeam 11pm
i bought mine in canton, but the people at montrose volvo were nice.
HAPPY EASTER!!(: <3
Ooohhh silly Washington...when will you ever learn.
thanks for the follow add, Kurt! High five for innate adrenaline. :)
Behold the warranty: The bold print giveth, and the fine print taketh away
In your dreams , in your dreams
#iLikeThat my boobs look so damn yummy in my prom dress!!!!👍💜💋
hahaha today! Come over tonight!
add some thai food, and that pretty much sums up what I miss about San Diego
Asma #Assad - what kind of woman stands by her husband while he destroyed her parents' hometown of #Homs?
Looking forward to getting my iPhone later this week.
It would have to be a phone call for at least an hour but I could do that. Email me with what you are thinking about.
in Ted I trust, but he also made a bold move with Harell with 16th overall pick!
damn i really couldn't get a followback huh??
Thanks! RT Definitely stick to CFL bulbs for a plastic lamp. Incandescent bulbs get too & might melt the plastic
I wonder if they speak French :)
I am thinking TKZ pulls out another impressive finish.
right back at u beauty!!!!
thanks I try to be nice to everone
Thank you! “: Just voted for ”
#QuitActing like you're gonna do something, threatening me via internet isn't scaring me what make you think i believe ur bs!
I wish my headphones could turn up louder
More reasons I love teaching at an art school: in 1 minute, I saw one young man in a seersucker suit and bowler, and another wearing a cape.
I am dying here......I wish I could have seen this live.. damn you guys are funny!!!!
Audition today for spokesperson of AICPA for their 125th annivers. Thank God I'm a CPA too!
we wish we had a swag store. Will you be this year? We'll have swag
this girl doesn't keep her stories straight, she told me one thing & is now saying another to someone else. Are you seriously that pathetic?
have a happy jazzday sweetie.
you think its too soon to have the Lions #3 in the power rankings
AHH IM LOSING FOLLOWERS (heres a hint if u dont like my tweets dont follow me) simple as tht..! Lol JS..!!!!
oh the irony of a robocall from the gubernatorial candidate who wants to put prayer back in public schools, and calls on shabbat.
sounds great, lets catch up next week. we owe you an email too, tomorrow.
this is why we fuck other people.
Clearly I have failed at life and have no choice but to also screw both parties.
Amazon (w/ prime)?
good vibes to Eric!
Let the skiing & boarding begin! Sipapu near Taos opens this weekend- and will be open each day Thanksgiving week.
How did you like it? It's on my list and I'm not sure if I'll have time to go check it out in person.
new phone.....frickin love
Tonic languages are nearly impossible to learn online. I just feel like a computer can't teach you pitches.
haha what's new? I'm just working full time at Talin while I look for real jobs, haha
i LOvE so CUtE heheHehe
A whole lotta words got arranged today and I didn't even have to use my AK.
Great to see you! RT : Absolutely terrific day with friends old and new at #setdals11. The Learning Registry is going to rock!
So much going n the fashion industry. Must try & sleep so I can tackle it n the morning.
The Forbes Fan Poll names the most hated NBA player - over LeBron James & Kobe Bryant. Ouch.
Merry Christmas. I will be back up there for the Nats vs The Giants.
I'm So sorry i went to west memphis prom n got stuck out there bt i still have ur gift !!!
As of now I think it'll be a waste of time to travel back to NM.
I had pizza for lunch, too! Not for dinner though... I hope...
20 pitches for Hughes already ugh
YO CUZZO WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO WRITE ME SOME MUSIC !!!!!!
Thanks for the follow. I'm watching the snow fall tonight at my parents' home in Minnesota. Back in LA this Sunday.
Because #avicii is at the marquee pool this Saturday a cabana is an extra $4,000. should we do it?
watching the video now. go ahead Jane Lynch! well done. :)
Terrible. RT : Long nap. Status: downloading Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 4. Your experience?
I was wondering when that snow was going to drop and just when I got comfortable it starts to fall. Spring needs to hurry up.
you know I am!
Happy valentines Day!!
I just had to go all Mr Miyagi on a fly in my office
Phew thanks! Sometimes that skank () needs to be put in line!
no tweet in the past 1hr...wats up w/ dat?
she was always talking about her Mexican husband.
ikr.. lol I only knew her for like 2 days lol she said that I said coo send em now I need a vacation lol
I don't think it's making me lonely either, but then that's the human tendency, right: to think that we're somehow special?
Can't believe this bitch posted a pic of herself giving head on Facebook!
Beer Pong Tables ordered...Looking to start beer pong on Wednesday nights at 10pm. Get your teams ready! Bud Light drafts $3
You might not be able to do everything you find out, but find out everything you can do. - Jim Rohn
Hooorrraaaaaaahhhhh! The cold war is over. My Twitter and Facebook have entered a friendly trade agreement! Thanks to
its much appreciated:)))
I have 8 days left!
Home aquaponics guide Blog: How extended does an insurance ...
Sadly, no. You could still treat them as tea leaves or entrails, I suppose...
so you'll be in mke this weekend, right? We should do brunch if you guys are free!!!
Whats poppin twitter?? Thank god for another day
Research is no joke!
Less than 2 levels left in the day and I'm grinding steadily. Have 150k.
Interesting! : "social media personality should not match physical space.. social media can be about fringe voices"
#SomeoneIWantToMeet would have to be the one I HAVE to meet !!!
Had no idea FedEx logo has an arrow in it
Name That Tune: "The thing I like about rivers is... you can't step in the same river twice." Anyone?!
And my phone is off.
Suns of ansnarky ?
That joke might be too easy lol
: 15050 and done for the day. Woohoo!
Does have it wrong, then? They say May 16.
False! Similarly to fingerprints, the vessels in the iris are personal and can't display the health of the owner.
This just announced! Lt. Gov. Robert Duffy will give the Commencement Address at our ceremony on Saturday, May 12, 2012. Only 105 more days!
Swedish House Mafia - is giving my aneurysm
Cool, can't wait to see this although you may have to change from #digimap to #doggymap !
I swear, sometimes I eat more than
With new technology and after further review, Benny "The Jet" Rodriquez was definitely OUT at home plate
My tummy hurts.!):
ok why
The Vow was literally saved by The Cure's wonderful Pictures Of You playing during the closing credits
U could have a pt: the Mou stain of Us vs the World. & the Ramires goal gave them belief at half time, I'd guess.
Just got a few new domains for Parisi Enterprises from
THIS DAMN PORTUGUESE SONG.now it's on power 96 cause pitbull made a remix of it -.-
Gonna hang with my best friend tomorrow 👍
or scarier... “: Went to see Chris Knight at Rev Room last night after the Little Rock Show! ... Lesson-noones cooler than CH!”
one of these new trash rappers I was looking up had one album w one single but a greatest hits album -_-
you're simply amazing Ricky! I volunteered at the HRC Dinner and was so disappointed that I didn't get to see you
Going swimming :-)
thanks bro appreciate that and yea u do need to dm me ur number bro
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 111
I'm a busy woman, Morgan.....
amen to that one!(:
yatch talk, finally!
It seems Facebook is in a rush to get out. Perhaps before the market corrects. Let's see how much capital gets drained and repositioned.
ahah guilty pleasure ;L Anyway you cant not watch them without not singing the words! :P hsm 2 is the best xD
New Jack White album? Yes please.
and have similar opening theme songs. (Both are shows)
This warm weather has us dreaming of summer? What #sunglasses will you be rocking this upcoming season?
Don't forget to stop in and try our Miller High Life Beer Battered Fish Fry with our signature Potato Pancakes!
Sometimes my warm bed > running
Roger Goodell would have suspended Erving Walker for that elbow if he had his way.
check out dates, we'll be close to you at the end of this month ;)
Oh PS....you are EFFN SEXY! and I would soo consider it....if I knew you wouldn't tell!! Lol
Hahahaa. I'll trust on you. :P lol. Haha, obviously I will do, people need listen good music like your music (:
Hey just got home from your show in Milwaukee, Loved it man! My book cover got wrecked... What are the odds to replace it?
"In order to be someone, you must first be yourself"
I am not on any painkillers at the moment so this is just regular surliness.
Monkey ass hair
went last yr to the pink doors burlesque show. think family friendly trapeze show - but still fun backdrop to a dinner
“: Yay! My bro is coming to Atl, I'll get to show him around. :)” bring him to class:)
RT turd 1: bill horn for his "let them eat avocados" attitude toward poor people.
Went to Nebraska v Zags in Peoria AZ.. Big Red fans are amazing! At least 500 in Red!! Tough start for Coach Erstad..
#REMIX Midnight Conspiracy has definitely been moving up quickly in the Dubstep world. They just got signed by AM Only, which is a New-Yo
Nashville to KC in approx 8 hours, with enough time to spare to get a boulevard
I gotta stop thinking my meals of the day are my highlights of the day. Hahaha #fatkid problems
Car accident?
Bored in class, someone tlk to mee :/
Turn Me On feat. Nicki Minaj? No. Turn Me On *by* Nicki Minaj.
By Jove, I think you've solved it. Now, about that cool million...
hope i made you feel better :))) Love you
Im gonna go fangirl about #SaySomethin in my bed! Haha goodnight
this is not twitter worthy ...
Niggas are like buses.
U will never get the satisfaction of seein me fall off.###i stayin on my shit like flies...
I hate it when people r mad at me
Thank you. I need to store my vids and photos from my research in Mexico; are either one of these affordable?
You know you're living in a classy joint when your neighbor has an extension cord plugged in the hallway so they can watch TV.
But I'll keep an eye on the % twilio in the twitterstream :) See you tonight?
Its time for my V..
How come all cute girls love ice cream
found it! Thanks babylove!
LOL Robert Longo eyeliner worn by all the hip 80's urbanites.
I think I had a heart attack watching is game
Decided to go with "All Sports Traffic School" which lets you pick a sport that they incorporate into the lessons...
shut up
I wonder how keeps hacking you:P mwahahahahaha<3
look incredibly sluggish today. Lacking precision, effort, and overall skill. Absolutely pathetic.
Feel incredibly nauseous, D: Mehh
I have a feeling we will see him with the big club soon : Aaron Cook gets CG victory 4-1 in G1 as PawSox beat Lehigh Valley.
Looking for a contract #recruiter gig in
Thank you for sharing, we appreciate it!
RT The new edition of Mailer's "Executioner's Song" has an intro from Dave Eggers, which I guess weirdly makes sense. I'm excited
First I counted a dollar den I counted a million
Bored watching all the Friday movies
one ethical issue can tarnish your credibility for a long time. Not worth the hefty PR bill. Do it right the first time.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our Community Coffee & Cocoa hour and donated pjs for local foster kids!
sick of my family thinking my OCD isnt real n I should just get over it n that I wanna be sick n wont help myself!
How to lose a guy in 10 days is the best movie!
Hope everyone enjoyed Easter today!!!
Was that last line a pun? Too soon.
Want to know more about art icon Donald Judd and his ties to the Northwest? Conference April 25: www.juddconference.com
that's like a fried food heaven
Now Danah Abdullah is talking about design education from a global arab persective.
website working when I left last night, now it's not working again. WTF.
What happened on 179th & stark?
I wouldn't support a bad product... no matter what.
almost done with school... i don't feel like doing hw anymore
You must be speaking about your brain.
Center for Disease Control has just quarantined a flight at Chicago's Midway.
Getting pumped for the #Eagles at #JazzFest #Nola !!
I miss LA.
guess what? It's also #leftovers. Repurposed for amazing round 2. And thanks!
I've been working a lot of hours to get the drawings completed for a U.S. Embassy in Africa. Now the race is on to get everything fabricate…
I was think 730 too because I don't want to be early and Idek yet imma look tomorrow wby
Honduras now down to 9 after 2nd yellow/red...
. coming to live on #sommchat right now. off the hook.
Over/under is 17 minutes before Biden dozes off.
Great deals on the AnaJet SPRINT before Thanksgiving!
Beautiful day around the Baltimore harbor!
okay. That's good. I got to work and then pack since I'm going out of town. Where u from?
Bummed to see that Chad Clifton is leaving the Pack..
I swear this week is moving at the pace of a snail...
hope so. =( So when are you gunna do the shotgun head stand? lol I love it.
Bummed I missed u @ #FormulaHH ! Will u be @ a lecture/booth this afternoon? We will bring some too :)
How's workout 12.2 treating folks.? A little different than burpees.
Hey hey! Watch for a crash SB 25 at hwy 7, a WB 15th closure over 25 and a wreck at Miss & Havana.
where ya gonna put it????
School-.- thaank god its friday(;
Come on you Sixers!!!!
Bring on the berries - ProduceRetailer
All these niggas making mills in the league and got them bad grains...du-rags work wonders. Looking at you Andre Miller.
I have Spoonman from Soundgarden stuck in my head... think I'll go play the main riff on guitar now!!!
Wow! Why doesn't today go a little bit slower
i heart your sassiness!
A big weekend for mma
Kowba believes the most likely scenario is $80 million in cuts for next year, $53 million for year after.
Redeeming himself, one tweet at a time. You're not out of the danger zone yet.
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf I talk to u about other guys.
It's a Lotta handsome ladies on this side of town.... Lol
lolz yeah good thing...
I would create a photo book, pick a restaurant gift card, and last but not least, select the biggest box of chocolate!
DAY MADE. ": "Drunk On You" Video This Friday, March 23 on "
Just now noticed that my #facebook posts have been defaulting to just my Family list! #wth?!
All at one time going out of fashion. In addition to songs about love ...
It's always cold in here !
Hey Austin is doing his concert in la the 24 so if u get to go I'm gonna kill you<3
Just now seeing this The Mom's were just kickin back at the haus. Tell everyone their we say hello :)
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Chipper Jones announced that he'll retire at season's end.
barb, our director of education, says it reminds her of anti-war slogans in the 60s. we LOVE the simplicity of it.
name, hair color, eye color, and something about you
Just got complimented for my Xerox skills...Adding "photocopier extraordinaire" to my resume
Join us for our now famous Pickle Night! Free pickles for everyone. M.
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "V" #VanillaSky , #TheVillage , #VanWilder , #Vertigo , #Varsity Blues
IU didn't play their best. They wouldn't have had 20+ fouls and shot better than 30% from 3 if they had played their best.
sounds like fun :)
Special spooky #shoutout to for their ghostly gift to our NIE auction. Thanks for supporting literacy.
That sums it up. Though, it's a fine line, finer, between Biz and Rez zones, w/ large mixed-use projects.
MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!! IF YOU NEVER SEEN ME LIVE BEFORE
from 10 am til we get off is just......well........boring. Don G all day would be just fine my man.
OK Tonight Remix VIDEO is DONE....will go up tonight....GOD IS GOOD...look out 4 it...NEED some FEEDBACK!!!
no plans yet let me know wat u on. I might hv a bar-b-q
Why's your favorite short horror story? Mine is either "thump thump drag" or "dr shivers carnival"
for sure
To quote the fantastic 'Stop finding footage already.'
IDK how you keep yr girlish figure RT Cupcake, 5 hour energy shot, mt dew, BBQ chips, and now little Caesars wings. Best day ever
Just one of those days when my phone decides shutoff so I don't have an alarm to wake up to
At meeting #Boston w #branding the focus.
Are you seeing any shows or movies this weekend?
I love it.
A short math lesson: new number minus old number divided the old number equals the percent change.
Happy Friday everyone!
You do! That's awesome! I wish I was that fortunate
my brain is just split.
RT : First 10 people who come in with "I voted" stickers on today between 12-2pm = shot of
Honcho lifestyle tip #15 - fuck you, its sunday.
Is this the old account or is this the new one? anyway,
My son is following me on Twitter now. I have made it to the big time.
and in September you'll hear browns fans bitch about browns haha
#10FactsAboutMe I'm bisexual.
now Why are we up! Definitely watching "Golden Girls" and writing emails. Lol
So, back on Twitter. looking forward to tweeting about #gov20 #open311 #dataviz #infographic, design, new music biz models, &more, it's on!
Does this ever happen to you?: you get woken up but it feels like you just went to bed & haven't slept yet..
I am shaking a can of marinated beans. I can hear them rattling around. Like a maraca. Seems like a bad sign. Also, like magic evaporation.
How do you leave your feet and still hit someone in the chest?
"You know its been a great experience getting to know you... You inspire me to be more than myself 2 do better everyday" -one of my clients!
Happy Friday to you too selena!..nothing much here just going to sit at home and relax lol.
I do what I can. Have to keep your creative juices fueled up for Season 3...
Hope you guys r great. Tito. “: nope. I did just have a lovely dinner with though. Sucker.”
I will soon be the proud owner of size 44 shorts! I am impressed with myself on that.
Great Game! FSU pulled it out vs. Duke. Great win for FSU at Duke.
Pens are playin tonight... stay safe #Pittsburgh!
Some niggas get on my fucking nerves
finally ordered my #SoListen skin today and I dont even own an iPod or iPhone.
This <= follow. Hackn pg, but my bro rapping his ass off.
That awkward moment when justin bieber comes to your house to give you proactive
The world is changing very swiftly. Big will not beat small anymore. It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
l'm glad to hear that! :) That's awesome!
just like the Sabres. Really need to teach this out of hockey heaven.
: Check out 13 year old cover of Perfect...if you like it then make sure you follow her!!! <Superb yung talent
chris said u was fool
He was slipping out of his stroller and would have cracked his head on the banks concrete floor. I grabbed him as he was falling :]
I'm in the same boat. We'll do it, and then we make everyone address us respectfully and peer imperiously over our spectacles.
start growing your stache now
#ifiwereasuperhero I'd fly and do endless back flips... E
Movie night :)
haha I think your moms shirts gonna be the first to go!
Hmm..im like in an extremely happy mood right now :D
Why is it if a girl has sex with a bunch of guys, she’s a slut, but if a guy does the same thing, he’s a homosexual
I might be crazy but I think I'd favor my all-time leading rusher over a coach whose done nothing but run my FB program into the ground.
My uncle n his stories be funny aa shit...n im high..finna smashtown on dis breakfast
crazy Internet!
Hah at school like they were lake at opening the doors so I said "alex could fit through there" and hes lik okay imma try and he did he ...
hopefully we won't have to worry about him once Pettitte & Pineda are both ready for the majors again.
Just recorded a segment for Phillies 24/7 radio. Was left speechless that Phillies Fan doesn't quite realize they're the Yankees of the NL.
can't wait!
They'll never do another like Bright Lights, but yeah, the new stuff's good.
happy birthday. we been with you since day one. we love you!
Hi Sexy! Detour OnOver ;);) LOVE ETERNAL *MUAH*
Visit my blog and vote for me as a Top Mommy Blog! Please :)
thanks for RT honey!
Bout to fight UC traffic, headed towards . Go hawks tho!!
if you're gonna tell the team what to do when you don't know what to do yourself, the coaches stand over there.
he laughed to the 9-1-1 caller about telling wife to get her butt home! How in the hell?
So say Bingo was his name-o.....I conclude that Bingo, is in fact a serial masochist pedophile rapin baby smuggler
im just gonna sing selena & demi songs so carry on
nothin,forget it
i feel like some of them actually get mad when I manage to mention the website despite their best efforts to stop me
We are hanging out near hot topic in the Sun Valley Mall in concord, come say hi :)
if the background you upload is 320x480 you'll get better results. We need to display that somewhere on InstaCards
Mhm, I love not being able to do things I want to because I have to baby sit.
Hey! #Hilton! Fuckkkkkkkkk you!
Let it be known that I didn't shed a single tear until they played "Barlights". And then I just lost it.
"Courtesy Kit"--I even love the sound of it! Will keep u posted. Would love 2 c u in April 4 the project if u can swing it.
Make that poison *ivy*, poison sumac and poison oak. Duh.
tomorrow is the #kickoff day for #developing our first #Bixnes feature. I am very #exited and can't wait until it is launched !
Beautiful day outside. My workout break will conclude with a walk around the block, me thinks.
I've always been a fan, but tonight I fell in love with a little bit. Awesome!
Just so Grant Ward knows, u dont tell my sister that she has lost her life with out me beating your ass.. You just wait bud its coming
Good morning hun!! hope your having a fantastic one so far :)
grilling out on the 4th
Just dictated a detailed report, then inadvertently said something that caused voice recog software to close my doc WITHOUT saving.
Seriously, though, I was drying my hair and thinking, "Why the hell doesn't Kim have a paying writing gig?"
I pop me one, cop me one
Oh, poor puppy. Those kinds of injuries take so long to heal on a human. Hope it is speedier for a dog.
see you there mr Kevin
Things happen for a reason & people change like the seasons
Hahaha. Me either, if it took me that long just to make a potion, more than likely it'll take me forever for spells. Haha.
maybe copying Flickr?
There is a 5 year old girl on this ferry who looks exactly like little Kenya Michaels. Cc
I love you more!
Tonight a Herman Cain supporter talks with LIVE for an exclusive interview.
haha yea I guess so...when r u gnna get ur passport?
This lil bitch is testin me again really now I will beat yo ass #dumb bitches
Definitely, just not so much for Mr. Wickham!
QOTD Answer (if much too late to matter): Arthur C. Clarke
damn dude well, lets still play for team usa one dayand bring home a gold metal;) deal?
yep...come on now!
ya im not payin attention to wat ppl r asking me lol
remember my cousin amy? she txted you for awhile! she has a twitter now! follow her !
do you think my rep will be tarnished if it gets out that I had an "overnighter" at 's house?
You are the best wife ever...I admire u do much! Loved this episode!! :)
Not a good day...
I am NOT Daria! #NOTcartoonlife Thanks!
If you get into an argument w| ur girl dont hit her , just walk away that will hurt her more than a slap to the face
It's not stolen if you ate it. That goes for watches, too. --Clay
sprite,mountain dew,iced honey bun,jojo's, and ketchup is my dinner
she's not the ugliest She's average
The entrance towards the east honors traditional dwellings that honor life and looks at the federal building a symbol of government.
Coworker just *asked* to see photos of my cats. I have been preparing for this moment for YEARS.
#WISOTS is trending nationwide.
Today's goal: make a friend today,even if the friendship only lasts a moment.
Big wheels, bad hoes, run the block and we take yours. Supermodel, ride or die, bitch strapped wit my 45. lucky #13, hit yo ass with them 13
He has been but he needs to be even better
Yeah, Mom, All of Our Visitors Are TOTALLY Gonna Check How Clean My Room Is
Bostocks in Stephenville tonight! End of the semester party for Tarleton!
Is hoping to be able to go to the Kid Koala show tomorrow
2more weeks and this girl a be 28!
Is Facebook down??
awesome, let's catch up at some point.
Colorado Rockies Need More Radical Change to Batting Order: Fan&#39;s Take
lol true #tabernacle 😁
I love when kids just feel then need to talk shit about jerry cus of Om&m.
Today just isn't the best day for this.
Tony is a little cocky though.
Can you help me? I want to sync my BB with Outlook 2010. DM and 2010 don't like each other. I am not using beta.
We acquire the strength we have overcome. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
he has to win that, right?
yo will - how goes it? I like your handle :-)
hahaha it's great, and we should def be doing that date night very soon:)
Dave Zastudil was up for consideration too
Outta work flow ... Hungry ! What should I eat.
Danny Trejo, the actor, is at Castle of Chaos today...very cool :)
ok... Sorry for da late reply
How do you hit my car and take off like I'm not going to see you again? Why must people test my patience?
#nowfollowing Hey boo! :)
Mark Kelly waving to Giffords from gallery one of the genuine moments at
Three books I need to reread soon: Microserfs, Girlfriend in a Coma, and Cleveland Anonymous.
has a Twitter. Thought this would be important to you.
Watchin smokey and the bandit. Great flick
(1/3) In the meantime, we have two more amazing video entries for the "Why are you excited to come to BU/COM?" contest...
oh wow well u seam really nice
Leaving reception.. great people beautiful wedding .....and i got great shots! Today is good!
the apartment is painted! my poor "what would jesus dewey" shirt is now a dutch boy rainbow.
RT:: Happy to see the #Steelers draft a Guard: David DeCastro from #Stanford. #BigBen should be happy//#GoSteelers!
Im sorry to say it but the knicks are not about to win in miami ijs..
Day 2 of r #BlackFriday Weekend SALE! Stop in and save 10% off everything in the house! 20% off Lamps and Soil! 15%off Grolab tents.
yes they r but I was talking about the foul on Kansas they were trying to take Jones out
We're having issues as well
yea I had it since 1-2yrs just wasn't on it all the time like know though.
Never be so dependent on technology you need to check with it to know to remove your hand from a hot stove.
No sleep till buckingham basically
That's me! RT For all you late nighters, be sure & watch sing w/ tonight on !
People want change as long as there has been no change. - Howard Fuller
I was talking about Dr.Dre's new album called Detox, I wasn't talking about my body
#homesweethome finishing up the last things I need to do for the semester! Definitely ready for the holiday weekend and time with my family.
1st appt is a No-Show after 5 days NYC travel that included 1 sprained ankle, 1 sick husband, & lost luggage w/all the essentials.
thanks for following back(:
Can you direct me to any instructions on updating my location for the LS weather? Amazing theme! Thanks!
it went terrific I have representation now :D We had lots of fun! Hope your Wednesday has been as terrific as mine.
midwife says I was due the 26th. Tick tick tick ;)
Thanks, Helen. Yeah, I like the shoes on the cover. I think they sell them at WalMart.
so soon. Tomorrow actually I was planning on asking the advice.
Better late than never! :-)
Thanks for sharing that. Good to see you & hope you're having a fun Sunday!
Everything you need you already have. -Wayne Oates
You're the best thing I never knew I needed.
You would be the reason #seafoam took off? I was just asking why it trended so fast.
That's like "Runs Lola, Runs."
Who's ready to cookout on your grill? Need a new grill? What would you do to get one for free?
that's why I changed it to 7 kids, originally is was 37 cats but someone may have seen through that
I feel on top of the world c:
Why is the pool so low
run run run run run
Have the espresso brewing and equipment charging for tonight while working on a few details for this weekend's event!
Love reviewing Google Analytics reports for clients and wondering why ppl from the other side of the world visit TX political sites...
make sure you follow the magazine too I'll post the vieo soon
that was hysterical. You and your k holes. Lol
That's wonderful to hear! Tks for sharing & pls feel free to ping me w/any questions. Always happy to "talk shop." ;)
video playing on the big screen before a movie >>>>>
#cavaliers haha my bad....:P well anyways.....umm hey are you guys ok?!?! :P
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!! Thank you for everything you do!!!
love how you call us your fans instead of our fans :) #WeBelongToYou p.s. Where are you wet?
#nisoEbook Holzman metadata critical and even more so fir PDA, big opportunity but how will library manage demand?
Thank you! :]] Love you too ♥ xo
same ☝kindly leave me the fugg out.
Love my girls they always have support for me love yall sexy assess ;)
may be the final sign of the #Apocalypse. Thanks for ruining America and company
I often find myself sitting at my desktop computer, with its 28 in screen, sending emails (and tweets) from my iPhone.
Cripes. I should have put these twits on tumblr. Oh well... later.
stay strong bay #YOLO I'm here if u need support
Doing great, feeling great. 80/20 Scorer launches tonight so I am excited, enjoying the games.
Smoking weed under star projectors,
bureaucrats, their motive was largely the same: they thought they knew what it took to pair people off better than those people knew..
At Harris Theatre Chicago ready to honor one of my students selected as a #Posse Scholar at #DePauw next year! Congrats Fredrick!
RT : Yes. Chocolate's not too bad.
Ha ha, I've had those mornings!
Dear Thunder, you are too close. Too close!!
It's such a novelty this whole leaving the house during the work day thing
congratulation on starting your own company
Out of all the #Christians and #Jews following me, none of you are #Zionists? That's great news! But,who am I supposed to lecture & edu? :)
FOR TRUE ANARCHY BE SURE TO OCCUPY A CHUCK E. CHEESE'S TODAY
Days like today when the temperature sunshine and humidity are in perfect balance are a gift! There is something so calming about them
SAT word of the day: anathema (n.) a cursed, detested person
cheesecake at 3am sounds good !
I'll be back to making Youtube vids soon. Getting some computer issues sorted out. What are some songs you would like to see me cover? :)
mine too
I like it lol , he died ?
My computer is not working today so wont be able to do #FF but be sure to follow Thanks!
Good morning!
Hearing moombahton in was some new level shit. Thanks New York needed that.
Consolation prize for the #Celtics losing by 1 to Philly tonight??! The #Lakers getting annihilated (so far) by the OKC #Thunder!! :)
RT : Best wishes to Mary Weiss and team Mary is a real pro and one of my favorite people . Hope new owners can...
plus his knee is out Frank c'mon!!!
Ditto. You can keep them in Gunny. Love you though!
good one!
I was trying but i couldnt find anyone...haha
Angel Food Cake
I would be the best thing to ever happen to you..
they both seem to have their own unique views of reality ;)
Our Spring collection comes in 6 days! This time we'll give thousands more $ to Romania than before that will go to meds/clothes. :)
Dude aint even been in a relationship for a day and already in my inbox tryna get wit me lmao ..guys are funny
I would advise cutting some eye holes and installing a breathing tube before making that attempt.
I'm so stressed out....
I'm honored! :)
Friday night !!!
I should have picked up Will Middlebrooks sooner. I wish I could start him this week.
Shoutout to my new follow
Moose is playin like a All-Star right now.
lol im tryna see man i been dead. u tryna drink tonite?
El Piolin Be Talking Abt Demons , El Diablo & Possessions In Thee AM
you guys are ok too
iCloud document storage works across Macs and PCs. We're all together in Steve's world now. Though Wintel on the wane.
I can make it work- I feel like (urg)earlier in the day would be best for me... Let's scheme closer to that weekend!
Why Is Mr. Rooter Indianapolis Money In The Bank?
Too much pride to say I'm sorry
Crying night.
Another possibility: since #drupal 7 was released in Jan, my hosting folks may have upgraded to that & I didn't know or do anything.
waah will visit your blog tom!
LMFAO Hi Mindy -waves- . Who else is invited ? :D
: can you please get me your sis in laws's contact info? I somehow misplaced it last this morning.
#MahoneToIndonesia if you're Indonesian mahomies please help me make this on TT(;
ah I miss you to! We'll do it again this summer okay? :))
"You don't need a reason to throw a garden party anymore than you need a reason to throw a birthday party." - Andy, "The Office"
Got chewed up...spit out...
#SLPsnQs for shorter term kids, compare percentages/cueing needed week to week but no formal plotting
I would next to anything to be able to stay in bed all day today.
I have an eyebrow obsession. If a girl's eyebrows are super furry and have no shape or if they're too thin it really bothers me.
trying out for The Crucible on monday. i can't wait. (:
My hero act of the day? Walking by a bowl of Hershey's Kisses without taking on
I'm super excited to go to the #5x7 splurge at tomorrow but will anyone I know be there?
An excellent post today is being prepped for publishing. Ever heard of "public displays of listening?"
me too...headed to Madison that is!!
can't understand how people share silly pics & garbage without thought on fb...but, ask them to share something relevant or meaningful...?!
Oh,its about psychological theory thing. Anw,you're living in indonesia right?
Larry Lewis USC commit will not quaify academically..Lewis will open back up his recruitment
Donna Rose & Robin Brand. Dialogue was honest, enlightening,& funny! Couldn't ask for more!
I might have to turn the game off and come back after my heart stops pounding
I bet the Avengers can't beat SSJ3 Goki...
Show your gift!☺
Have you followed and yet? :P Since you went on about them on the phone
#NP She ain't you by Chris Brown, I can't seem to stop playing this song
Happy 13th Birthday Google! Hopefully we won't feel the wrath of your teenage angst...
Not at all. I was at an embarrassing 350lbs of out shape yuck. I am now 248, workout 6 days. Play hockey on 7th day every week. :)
That alkward moment when its conplete scilence and you dog starts barking for no reason
so not looking forward to this.. at all.
Suju as awesome as always!
im so pissed off wont let me sign into any of my twitter accounts but it allows me to sign into facebook what the fuck? -_-
he like has a great grandson or something like that in even fifth or sixth. that's how we got him.
Dellinger: justices do not talk with each other as much as they once did. Almost like 9 separate law firms.
Will there be a supplemental draft this year?
Chillen On the ComPuter !! :)
What it look like. My niggas fly niggas. this is jet life. Yeah
13 more wins dude
Rack city bitch <3 (;
I'll never quit Timmy! But I may have some Brockback Mountain in me! In meantime, Russell me up some Wilson!
#thirstythursday...what's in your glass tonight?
funny thing bitch you don't know me.. but we can change that
welcome to the #QT9 family :)
“: almost hitting a goose and then watching it crap itself #hilarious ” hahahahaha too funny XD
It's so weird being around people that you're certain you're never going to see again, after being around them for a semester...
Check In during Lunch or Dinner using your Yelp or Four Square App. Receive a free glass of Mango Lassi!!
#groundedtheory an approach to inquiry that supports user-centered design
...you're doing all that stuff then xD
People who keep me awake, I hate you all. Puerco's.
Clear your mind now with the new Conscience Eraser™ from SC Johnson. A family company.
twittin on ya!
Thanks for the follow! Couldn't find the sound cloud page...
Music Fact: James Brown had 99 Hot 100 Billboard entries, yet never had a number one Hot 100 hit.
whenever i see a low-flying novelty aircraft in southeast michigan, i assume someone has let jack roush pilot again
Whats with this hooker spam? I don't like it!
Im looking to create a mutually beneficially opportunity, #followback so i can DM u and explain a little further
watching dear John 😘
you don't lie! Lol
I certainly do, and so do several other tweeps in OK who are adults.
D'oh!
my friends kid was teaching me the other day. ;)
#CostaConcordia anyone? A literal & figurative example.
ha ha $8 dollar tequila is not good under any circumstances.
haha it's okay I'll just have to get the full details when we get to school to make up for it.
To prepare for her role as Sarah Palin on HBO, Julianne Moore had to spend weeks ignoring facts and watching Fox News
oh you know, bud lites and budz. Not sure where though...u?
guess I'm not talking to #oomf 2nite 😞😞😞
RT : I just had the best fried chicken of my life from . When did Pittsburgh get so damn tasty?
you should have made the trip! We're having a blast!
Get that $$ and be happy!
are you dating Alexis or is it just a rumor ??
Neo Vs. Agent Smith.
Tried that one w my dry stout. Worked wonders. Taking a little longer w the water heater. Might have to do a 90 min mash.
I love how double-space makes it looks like you wrote so much more than you actually did.
How about Sleepers Awake
The announcer called my brother 6 foot 1 and he's shorter than me...
Was just gonna ask if anyone else is having trouble. It's not even loading! Maybe it's reacting to the IPO talks.
I would be calling my sponsors daily with the DUO saving tons of $$!
I got sick of #Grimm. The girlfriend got on my nerves too much. Plus, why hasn't he put in solid time to go through the trailer.
by : This is the same guy that let Posey go last year and traded FOR Vin Baker. I feel better not asking questions...
For years was the most knowledgeable Simpson's person I knew... These days he's just a regular Joey Jo Jo Junior Shebadue
diane medley rauner of - the best way to close the #achievementgap is to keep it from opening
I like how if a white guy goes 20 miles over the speed limit no one cares but of a black guy goes over 5 the SWAT team goes after him, smh
I'm thankful for friends like the Frymaster!
Can't wait to see Paige tommrow
- you are a very tough nut to crack...
Wow. You're something else.
Brian Mcknight Need To Stop...
Hey doggie you're so good, you're so good you smell of mud, hey doggie!
RT : Excited to be on from 6-7 pm w/ The We discuss Suarez, Redknapp, & soccer state-side
what size n color?
The guy that invented back pack leashes for kids should be forced to wear one & see how he likes it...
I'm obsessed with mine as well! I'm taking her to st. Louis this weekend! Lots of pictures to come!
Alrighty then! (Yikes!)
I know! Instead, I'm stuck in a library in Boston writing a paper. Throw some latkes down for me!
if you went to the tool shed you should've stopped by for cds.
hahaha - perils of working with large pieces of art link is ALSO perilous (and broken). :-D What's the correct link?
Somebody on this bus smell like an old Limp Bizkit album.
I just finished a 3.26 mi run with a time of 36:12 with Nike+ GPS.
"Painter of Light" Thomas Kinkade died from drug/alcohol overdose, suggesting his critics were wrong and he actually was a real artist.
Let's go Noles!!!
somehow I think DH would've come between Kelly Tripucka and Kenny 'Sky' Walker. With an REO Speedwagon soundtrack.
I tell u ThingLink navigation is better than standard nav. I have to work up courage to do it for my site.
Bout to eat on a tasty ass lunchable
NEW Super Potent DANK CONCENTRATES Just In! Right on time for the weekend fun in the sun! Woot Woot!!!
huge UK fan here retweet my boys and I win a prize... Get well soon and Merry Christmas!!!
awesome working with you! Thank you so much
Woke up sick, great
Facebook deleted my profile, and now all of my friends think I�m dead
Well, it doesn't matter how many yds Tebow will end up with. All in all, he will endure with a victory.
"I am the LORD, the God of all mankind. Is anything too hard for me?" -Jeremiah 32:27
I'm officially moving back to the States in December! Exciting!!!
I'm gonna get these old ladies drunk
Next we need Community to get picked up for another season. Call your senator.
Good evening you guys!! Who's going to NYC Concert on June 22nd. I AM!!!!!!!!!!!
Warm apple pie and custard is the nicest thing ever
I knew kills it at adult sports leagues but had no idea about the coffee cakes. Unbelievable. Thanks Claire
Bryan Kortis says about 10,000 free-roaming cats are trapped-neutered-returned in New York City annually.
Come get warm and toasty with us!! Don't feel like dining in? We'll bring your dinner to your car.
Adding smiley faces to an argument to make the person more pissed off.
Won my first round match of the WPT 1k HU and have a bye in round 2!
a few shots? You underestimate me.
I want the gyro ball
There is only one way to happiness, and that is to cease worrying things which are beyond the power of our will. Epictetus
I was just thinking that the other day! Luckily, I can only draw stick figure animals so really not my style.
As long as America's population grows & House stays at 435 Members, satisfaction with Congress will continue to decline.
Oh really? Getting it two years in a row AND winning first place in a state-wide sports writing competition isn't enough?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 16
are you about to pass out there, kiddo? 😳
HAHAHA ITS FINE! and nice :)
I suck at texting unless 1. We are in a relationship. 2. I like you. 3. I need something. 4. Me and you are close as hell.
I wish I could stay in bed all day and not feel like I was missing out on a precious day in my short life...
Thanks again to for letting us show "In the Eyes of a Stranger." He donated one piece that should recognize.
I got ahold of the event management company for them ... thanks for the response! Good luck in the race!!
fuck yea dragonball z kicks ass they better be rocking the dragon lol
#3WordsForYou You Are Dismissed!
Okay, WHY ARE ALL THESE BANDS GETTING SPONSORED BY NERF?
Old quilts or blankets pass them along. Anything helps on a morning like this. Love to all! Abeachdude Orlando
Blue bottles! Now I've seen everything...
since this morning until tomorrow <-Kelsey xoxo>
Sweet sixteen bound!
If only I could change my name to "Mr. Blow Your Baccout" legally..... LM(Blowed)AO
O_o .. Go to Goodwill on State for a new pair during your lunch?
Exit poll shows 82 percent of GOP voters approve of Wis. Gov. Scott Walker
“: Nj RT question no one care about but who are islanders fans cheering for in the ecf?” The sports life of Evan.
Shower time 🛀
And holy shit, RIP Shawn Tompkins. What the hell happened?
I only live like 15 minutes away from Josh Hutcherson. Cool.
Just curious Pacers fans, where are you watching the game today?? Pacers @ Orlando Game 4 ESPN 2pm
that boy is the ULTIMATE ENTERTAINER. 24/7 on HBO is on point.
"Some people dream of success, others make it happen."
You can't help but like Ron Paul just a little bit. Looks like he put his eyebrows on all by himself tonight.
I need a damn asprin bad!
Beginning this day of gratitude and peacemaking with reminiscing, counting blessings, and watching the parade. Peace be with you, friends!
Happy Earth Day Everyone! See you at Morningside Park at 10AM for Kids Yoga, Planting w/the Girl Scouts, Community Markets and more!
Thanks for coming in tonight, sir. And bringing your son in too!
Are you surrounded by Skyline Chili or KFC's? That will tell you which.
green or red? CHRISTMAS. I'm going home!
If I did well at craft I'd be looking for those too, but I don't so I'm not.
Audience question, do young people even want to #own #homes?
Code is a liability, not an asset... unless you're paid per line of code written
Haven't one money all day
I am doing fine, what's about you?
Hi Lauren! Great to meet you as well. See you around the #puttytribe!
Old Mountain Dew Bottle Fetches Big Bucks In Va.
When you're at the top, you meet all types of people. When you're at the bottom, you see their true colors...
Learning breakfast re what 'Burque might be in the future.
i had multiple people agree that my way is best, hoping you will too... slim hope btw.
Everything you need for your destiny is within reach. Pray that God will open your eyes to opportunities, people and resources.
been reffed well. Evenly, just a few head scratchers and sometimes they were right (& nobody gets it all rt)
Awesome. Thanks guys.
#Giro If all those 'copters are on the ball, you'll see views of the beautiful medieval town of Viepri to the L of the road.
will Udonis play Wednesday?
I know right.. like wtf?
Opening week! It's about to get real exciting!
Who do you think we'll announce tomorrow for #PXYSJ? Any guesses? ^Raph
Not wanted not gonna rep Sorry bout it
Thank you & honored for the follow
is the shit so quit you're complaining
Whether it's Maddow or Limbaugh, any phrase that starts with 'the war on' that isn't about, you know, war, is at best uninteresting.
that's the only sad thing about sunshine. haha.
Each sang his indictive narrative in turn, accompanied by the whole orchestra of sixty instruments.
Listening to Some Nights Album. I haven't liked an entire album this much since... The Format Dog Problems? :)
Hands up in the air one time for the west sidee hands up in the air 2 times if you love good music(;
finally someone who agrees!!!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix medical insurance and medical treatment
best of luck. Yay, go gay
Nuclear engineer warns: Keep troubled San Onofre reactors shut down
Why do I worry so much!? -_-
lol that's the pic I was telling you, SO true
I no longer care about how much sleep I get these next two weeks. My friends are leaving me so I'm making it count
yes plz. hope CT is treating you right, M&M date next week?
thanks for the spell check :-) trying to tweet, set up a FB & web site while still running the biz is taking it's toll..... Lol
who in the Hell is professional Dave? lol
We're in control of only that which we are in control of: our effort, ability to learn from our experiences, and management of adversity.
Yeah this place is great
the sky duhh jk my friend told me to say that and nothing much what about you?
I love Iron Man, too!
I swear the One direction boys voices are the same live and in studio It's like they don't use auto tune at all that's fucking real talent.
Eric and I saw a Brave teaser on TV this morning while eating breakfast. It made us smile. So proud of you!
Listening to music . Feel a little better
follow back I'm Lily's best friend from school
I know it's a taboo topic but has there ever been a serious discussion of raising taxes? Charging for things like garbage?
": I hate the fact that i was the most awkward teenager ever." Actually I'm pretty sure I was haha
never having kids
Ugh guy 2 machines away from me reeks blah
I don't want a knight and shining armour. I want a canadian in purple supra's ♥
Just talked to JRich and to prove that he is about longterm he has given me the go ahead and release the BCS plays free here on twitter...
Hi, please follow me so I can send you a message..thx
yes to everything! And not that it matters, but I believe Sheree re: the booking "drama"
LMAO! Indeed, day 3 can be quite smelly. BTW the soaps were LOVED! Thanks again <3
People really irritate me. She definitely just returned napkins at the dollar store.
“A year from now you will wish you had started today.” -Karen Lamb
$79 a month unlimited group classes. Yoga, Cardio, Mat Pilates and coming soon...Kickboxing! Over 35 classes per week. Open 7 days a week!
That sobering reality when you realize your identity was so heavily interconnected with an organization you no longer lead.
Old Lady's Who Wear Too Much Perfume <<<<
Goodbyes aren't forever, hellos never last. It's the space in between where the future becomes the past.
Gotta love life
What will you be #reading tonight?
alrite ima hit u when I get bak down
I remember when I was obsessed with the NFL draft...at age 12.
you guys are on your game for this #superbowl. Nice work with response tweets
lol don't worry I won't give away your secrets ;p
If there ever comes a day we can't be together,keep me in your heart,i stay there forever
Come to my house and touch my penis. Thanks in advanced.
sweet! Stage on 6th now, event
Men, for the sake of getting a living forget to live. -Margaret Fuller
And turn by turn navigation, and geocoding/routing without a visible map, and a ton of other stuff Google prohibited.
Texas relays.. Wuz up!!!
Is boyfriend out already ? :o
reason #64 why you love , right?
Well, I want breakfast from Hardee's. Too bad it's a 30 min trip to one :(
working on getting it back up and running smoothly!
are you fucking kidding me right now.
": Hey finally #SMWWDC is trending in Washington. Pat yourselves on the back, social media friends." Big ups DC!
Ron Paul is all over the place. Should he be confusing people watching the #SCdebate?
Tx for rting my interview
#OCmorningShouties to rich
" The Impossible is often the Untried" --Jim Goodwin
'A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other, and we will then know how to meet him.' - Aesop
No scratch that last tweet, I'm pissed.
Loving this new lock screen picture
pretty boy lol
RT : People riding mountain bikes in the city make me want to start forest fires.
": PBR has a sweet taste to it"always a good time...
where are you going next thursday?
Busy week with Glogster, Animoto, wikis, and physics projects. I'm tired, but had a blast!
Miserable in Chemistry.
The time is getting close. #tranZitions is almost here!!!
What does it take to find the PERFECT pair of jeans? Stay tuned for Monday's ultimate how-to blog by Jeantherapist Ashley!
Oregon Trail is da BOMB!
We need to get Girardi on Twitter...
good! How have you been!
Looking for some good coupons check out Groupon.com for some amazing deals!
Just be sure you run the transcript through "TurnItIn."
My dad is making post dinner snacks. Cream cheese and pickles wrapped in salami.
You are absolutely right. They partied
I so love our excursions. Always an adventure!
and can yall send me some cracklin from ronnies? please i'm withdrawing real bad
just coming back from it, when all of a sudden…FLYBY
Walgreens causes shopping addictions.
Severe Thunderstorm Warning in effect for west central Jefferson County and northern Jefferson/southern Dodge County until 1:45p.m.
Sleep well.... on your backs, be sure not to "crunch" into the pillow or soon you will wake up with more wrinkles & lines. Skintastic.com
she will never even notice you mentioned her
Try the bacon wrapped shrimp!
well and just rocked me.
I said it once & i am sayin it again!
But I'm stalking you from space cos I rep space.
Smooth move Jacques
hell yea...shes a comedian ..how random nigga
Hey The Dick & Jane Show how the show going?
changed my mind. Also interesting casting since zq is basically a darker/taller milo v. Man, did they push those parallels.
Back when I was a kid; The only 'fake' friends we had were invisible ones.
#Awkward moment, sitting next to ur ex, with nothing to say...
Who will go down as greatest? Garnett, Allen or Paul p? I go with Allen.
My bed smells like :(
Fixed. ": For me, it goes in this order: Last Crusade, Raiders, Temple of Doom, all of LOST, Crystal Skull."
when I got drunk I was apparently telling everyone I wanted to be a sumo wrestler ...and I woke up without pants. 0.o
add 200 bucks to my car insurance, take away my vote and Voila! I can park my car in DC!
RT : You say you want something but when u get it you dont know wat to do with it>>>>>> Wys Homie
Cloud 9 for a few days lol;-)
NOTE: US SC new term starts Monday, October 4, 2010 (...looks to be an exciting term). See US SC website.
but do they owe us a living?
Good night everyone:D
i'm turning in early for me good night world
Wow. Target at 1:15 on a Wednesday is a depressing place to be.
I'm tired. Night
he shoots his new video this weekend!
you con do it!
its fucked up to see certain things a nigga asked me not to do and he doing the same shit #kiss my as
Hell Yeah! LMFAO! Betty White's #OffTheirRockers - XavierLT. com
The new at Calvert and Pratt is apparently the new hangout for teens. #notFeelingThe Crowd
Come out to the Wall Street bull tonight for a wonderful treat! We know it's raining but you don't want to miss this! 6pm! Bring flowers! RT
“: Pray WITH me so I know it's real” <-- couldn't say it any better.
wish I could be at your talk today, fellow Bethel grad here '88 - how much of the campus with they preserve? Wall murals?
Trying to gather best practices...what do you do to stay on task? Do you have tools you use?
What ever happened to Pat Meares? #questionsaboutthe90sithinkaboutatwork #twins (#quora?)
OMG. is following me(:
My hair is crazy. I need it cut lol
So after school today I'm going to get UA! album! I LOVE HIM! Lol :$ - Zaona
These are the puzzles that preoccupy me.
We had a great real estate seminar tonight with ! I loved all the questions from the attendees!
": “: Anything is possible... trust us. Anything is possible.” <- "
Thanks back!
I mean hot
Teen top fans? Than follow this girl :D
Wow, it's been a while since I've been on Twitter. I wonder if I'll have more time once my wedding is past.
Thanks for the positive words!
did you give away that iPad yet? And do you ever sleep at night?
I'm gonna make them mp3 so that we can listen to the songs al the time;) I'll go to world market this weekend ☺
Great! I am here and it is lovely on the patio.
I just finished a 3.17 mi run with a time of 36:53 with Nike+ GPS.
Can't wait to see the Dictator
To me she also seemed afraid of her too lol
Rocket surgeon? Brain scientist? 's suggestion notwithstanding.
Tomorrow Beanpot! Join Pabst Blue Ribbon “show your superfan colors” Monday, February 6th from 5:30-7:30. Find out how you can get a...
CHI, which means Customer Happiness Index, is a HubSpot proprietary algorithm, is a measure of three key metrics:
My girlfriend has lost her mind.
Has decided to revise script "Dear Dios" on Celtx. We'll see how it goes! Thanks free program!
I listen to La Dispute every single morning as I get ready for work. My whole day is off if I don't. It's a bit of an addiction.
#incaseyoudidntknow you're a liar
Good evening Dr. Falken, would you like to play Global Financial Meltdown?
Wise words -> “: Focus on what you can do online that you can't do offline. #dsum12”
really? Crap
Peeled-off billboard paper, acrylic gel, permanent-wave end papers, carbon paper, masking tape, comic book pages...
“Pandora priced its shares at $16, raising $235 million in its IPO at a valuation of $2.56 billion”>>Tech bubble happening all over again..
I have another AP test tomorrow 😲
We've been accredited by the Better Business Bureau! We're very proud of this accomplishment, which wouldn't have been possible without you!
Should I feel uncomfortable about that?
exactly. That was bad.
awesome. Thanks for reading.
Uhm. im pretty sure im standing right here watching a tragedy at hand. uh
we need to.
We really have so many great boots in right now. You should come see them! I've shared just a couple.
Thanks for following me back. Love your music. Wish I could sing like you all do.
My mistake: the charter school reported by will not be in Lanning Square
You will :)
LOL! Word bro.
