nice, dude. Congrats on the move. Enjoy the city!
Cleaning getting things organized just to move out in a month
Excited for Jesus' resurrection this Sunday. Can't wait to celebrate with a cheeseburger feast!!
Wow. Didn't think #Louisville had it in them. Great rally.
Too bad. #Nambu used to be my favorite, but it is totally useless now. Back to #PowerTwitter in Firefox.
#Caps doing good job of getting in shooting lanes during #NYR PP
Hyper local, Main Street Connect & Patch filling in where print layoffs have left gaps
I'm working ElectionMall Technologies and doing social media/design for them, but I'm part of The Washington Center program
The Reuben Burger has arrived in all of its glory! Corned beef and and kraut on top of a ground beef patty with provolone cheese and 1000
Ed are you leaving 13 a.m.?
hahahaha. At least your not doing embarrassing dances like Me
Fishing round two
jan 22:D
Play La.nore.....its a quite long....Boring.....Shame rockstar.....expected more from u
I beez in the trap.
Need a place to spend Hump Day? Stop by and visit
#GreysonMMag What color are your bedroom walls? ;)
Twitter be dead as fuck during school
has thanked 65 people on Twitter since his win yesterday on the
funny story I started downloading a tv episode from itunes a year and a half ago... and it finally finished tonight.
Greater Houston 4-Bedroom New Home from LGI Homes - $877 ...
Hundley sucks. So ready for
Watching Flyers game, just learned Philly fans booed Santa Claus?? WHAT? When did this happen?
But she had to change, so i left her for a girl called mary jane
"Like the mushroom. Fungi." omg. I can't even. Louis. Jesus. Ahh!
feel free to invite some puppies
OMG R UY SERIOUS
The Vow is sad :(
Is there another medium by which you’d be able to ask that question and get useful, concise answers quickly?
NMSP have issued an amber alert for an 11-year-old girl. Officials believe the girl may be brought to NM, more soon on krqe.com
c'mon man. Ur QB is hot garbage. Ur squad will suck again next year homie. #reality baby
LMFAO AT MY LAST TWEET! BTW I DIDNT TWEET THAT!
That was very mean. :(
Would love 2 have U join us MT Have any of U tried a band ? Interested 2 try. Did U know they're HQ'd here in Pgh?
Will u play Champagne & Chickenheadz!
Has not yet joined the club of " Draw Something" Think about it though!?
I'm pretty good actually. I remember something else you use to down. Lol
ThMorUKno: “Logic might be imagined to exist ind. of writing…but it did not…Logic descended from the written word.”J.Gleick, The Information
I am counting down!!! Luckily, I am going to a special screening with a q&a.
TRIVIA QUIZ question for the week 1 point. Can you fit a box 9" X 12" in to a box 6" X 11"?
Your HP posting about our news anchor making the 'Bieber' 'Hummer' reference misidentifies the anchor.
: Thanks for the update! It will be nice to see the marquee active again at least.
I like the chocolate sprinkled ones!!!! Right
#InstantTurnOn Boys in a band. Like um. #MyOnlyHero ?
Awww Well deserved Starry One!!!! :)
Fallen captive 7:10 tonight at peabodys with Born of Osiris.
Yay! Thanks for the mention & the love. Hope you are enjoying the mix!
Where are the largest easter egg hunts in Meck County?
Reader asking: Which is your favorite brand of ready to drink #lemonade? #kosher Thoughts???
Kick butt!
Thanks for the 20% off "welcome to Birchbox" code, but I just placed a big order yesterday! Any way it could be applied? :-(
What's up souf side.... ? How was ur week ?
#SEM10 Sunday is badass paper day. Wayne Marshall, Fernando Orejuela, Luis-Manuel Garcia.
July 10th concert planned to benefit Children's Cancer Fund of NM!
Pearlridge, my dear :)
So stay tuned, great things are on the way. lots to do tomorrow, but we are getting there. thanks for all the new follows we appreciate that
What was that DOD?
smoked #babybacks. next time Im in KC-I'll bring back THE best BBQ -KATU hatchback=dining table-any standoff will do
everyone, i have been up all night, lets party!!!!!!!!!!!!
Should probably ice my ankle.......
they are delicious!
We party hard like the mexicans on may 5th-
Ah.... that haircut was 2 months overdue...
Lin might be the easiest player ever to root for! What a run for the kid..
hey cutie didn't know you were here in twitterland!
Not too thrilled that my flight number is 1666...lame.
Im a Mahomie. I like red, eat subway & fangirl. I Am What I Am.
Just tapped Harmon's Mocha Porter.
I've watched about 20 episodes of Breaking Bad this weekend. Season 4 here I come.
We threw a party. Yeah, we threw a party. Bitches came over. Yeah, we threw a party.
Lots of talk this morning from and on the importance of quality education.
Fun fact for #NFL connection: New #Arkansas coach John L. Smith, formerly of Louisville and Michigan State, is uncle of 49ers QB Alex Smith.
The Puppy Bowl has almost arrived. Rejoice.
Wireless access being installed on floors 7-10 of Thompson Library in Jan. It may be noisy for a time in certain areas.
Looks like we are turning into #legwarmers pregame central!!! Also, $2 miller kites during the O's Game!!
You tell her, Ken!
#everyblackneighborhood has a genius who will die at the hand of another black man.
New avi for you lovely people.
A tweeter with a long number for a name says someone wrote something bad about me. I'm gonna go give them give my bank account number now.
the men's room will never be the same either.
Paying to do laundry, bull shit.
Win the lottery commit your life to Christ Join us 4/7 with Fundraiser
come&carry me home, tonight.
Damn I was there and I totally forgot to bring back bourbon! #iamstupid cheers!
Just did boodylicious buns workout with !!! Ahh good workout!!xD
Be an advocate for those without access to technology, food, shelter, working identities, and unconditional love.
OMG THIS IS MY LIFE OKAY.
i think it is....even the officialdognews person isnt following me nor my bro anymore.stupid twitter
I was talking about (dv) servers, will open support request
Though I think he was just being an ass.
Real Estate News: Gulf Splurges on Home Improvement
Check out this great article about L.A.'s #1 "muckracker", Dennis McDougal, he attended & worked for the !...
a true zoot suit.
on my way 2. Was hoping to get there a little early but stuck in horrible traffic! :-(
it was amazing!! but who said i didn't have a boyfriend? i've been happily dating for over two years :)
try freemake to convert from DVD to mp4 for the PSP.
I'm heading to make some chocolate today!
Some people blind to what's in front
is lik pretty Nd awesome I just love her <33
Dex: America: Where moms get a day and sharks get a week. Me: I know right?!
Wow last night was a little much lol I think my thumb is broken ..
especially after mom washes it (: . Happy mother's dayy(:
Had your coffee yet, good afternoon :D.
it didnt screw anything, it verified who could keep a relationship
Are the hometown Braves really going to blow it?
Hmm...I have way too many worthless emails in my work inbox. Lets see if I can delete 100 emails before my 10am meeting.
so when do you celebrate your mom? Tomorrow or Sunday?
“: your a joke.” come on son. This has been up for twenty minutes and no correction. Where you at grammar police?
Thanks to new followers! I love the geographic diversity.
play that #burningMoney we #bang that shit down south !!!
Just followed after watching "The Announcement". That little girl who just made me cry watching it is making moves today!
Who got a ankle brace for they sahab?.. Lol cus I'm hoopin on this bitch!
Player of The Game...
like with most ghost stories, the Exorcist had me bored within 5 minutes...
will you be featuring more fashion styles from around the world in the upcoming months?
good night sleep tight :)
Don't go break'n my heart......
Oh, awesome :) hope you like the Xbox version too! Neat that you're from Liverpool, I worked there for a summer (2004?)
also had a weird and scary dream again. :(
When I text you back fast & you take hours I feel stupid
Watching the game on 1 ! What are you DOING FBF ? HOLLA BACK !
S/o every bitch in my tl !
that's because papa bear's the best. <3
twitter wat it is??..we behind the scenes cookin up somethin
no I bet Rev. Sharpton will be incredible.
Going to Diyarbakir tomorrow (way southeast Turkey. waving distance to Iraq southeast.) and pumped about it.
the Chiropractor today was scary!! thought i was goin to do my regular physical therapy routine get there and these bastards crackin backs!
Every time I trust someone, they show me exactly why I shouldn't.
google it
RT Thanks for great dinner & convo!
What did you expect? RT I'm still fuming about how offensively bad Dark Shadows is.
Thanks for spreading the word!
I feel like I have all the time in the world right now.
CAN'T WAIT
$75 off Permanent Makeup in Seattle/Bellevue area! Before and after photos coming soon...www.AdvancedSkinandBodySolutions.com 425-643-5772
You OK?
Play. BOYFRIEND BY JUSTIN BIEBER :) and follow me lol it takes one push of a button:)
Oh my Total Elipse of the Heart ❤(: love this song <3 amazayn .
In Dallas
sorry I left!
hey Chrissy! Xo
Sweet! Thanks.
ok babe. you is followed.
Lean Cuisine wasn't up to your standards? #insulting hahaha
you are on steam? Cool!!!
that would be a HELLSYEAH! I am taking my niece for her first adventure. Its sorta a family tradition
Tonight, all about #grizznation. Tomorrow, all about La Dispute & Defeater.
an ice luge
Get up Deng. We can't b aalllll the way bogus.
its something unpredictable and in the end its right, i hope you had the time of your life.
you gonna watch me play, ye?
omg I just realized I was talking to you girls on Saturday :o
can college hurry up already?
Ready for a track meet in Pasadena.
didn't realize was the new landscaping inspector for the city of Scottsdale. Good job, stick to the pools
I just dyed my hair and it looks black its not supposed to be black D:
How cool! :) He is amazing<3
#harrypotterfilmfinale feeling sad again. for me it will never be the finale harry potter will always be part of my life
Time to study for AP Euro
if there's one thing that gets me more depressed than anything it's sports. lmao
Don't give in. I can use your help and efforts to bring CC along into the SoMe world. Got to love Free Citizen Wifi access.
can't you try again?! This spring streak has got me itching for warmer weather now!
UPS guy who delivered my phone just correctly guessed that I lost my phone at Coachella.. I really need to take off this wristband
So f.ckin funny
What? As I was leaving the bar keeper person asked if I was taking his picture. I said "no! On twitter." He smiled, gave me his
Fresh juice is the BEST breakfast. Ever try leafy greens? So good. RT Tada! Breakfast in a glass!
Thank you Kazu-san!!! I hope you are doing great.
#YoMommaSoFat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through
How excited am I allowed to get about Stanford and the NIT tourney? My brain says not very much, but my heart says, embrace it.
Ellen Brazer announces the re-publication of her first book, award winning, Hearts of Fire, Historical fiction. Great read!
ha ha
Is AIDS the new black??
#asksarah will you follow me? :) your soo pretty! x
#thatawkwardmoment when you have an actual phone call with someone versus a text
Big air, Big moves, and even bigger ideas. Rut Hockey's new spot
#howtosurviveahorrormovie if you hear a creepy noise & say hello? They aren't gonna respond "in the kitchen, want something before you die?"
(Persius) He conquers who endures.
lol truth tell all your friends its at the boom boom room lol
i was talking shit out of disappointment. They were playing scared. Now they've got some confidence and its paying off
If you're up to it! ;p haha jk.
I seriously wish my phone didn't die every time I tried to answer a call
that was so much fun. Glad it all worked out with little to no planning :-)
Some extra cash wouldn't hurt!
Luv will make u do sum crazy things!
RT : 4 yrs ago, states were focused on "proficient." Today 95% of students covered by #CCSS or other college ready stds.
That mickey dee's sunday was the best havent had one of those in a while...
#aam2011 onward! Go forth! Fail!!
Life Celebrating Rolling Stones 50th Anniversary With New Book Recap
is puking a version of trying to ice the #nuggets?? Lol
While some people are coming out of clubs drunk, im just getting off of work as a hard working man I am (:
you gona make it out this Friday to Club Downtown. Just added $2 Any Beer Spcl before 11! Still got $4 any drink. Roll thru
its all good bra my Shit gets fucked up all the time lol
loved spending it with you once again!! Great work today! And plus in spirit !
Yup, looks like it! If you do decide to after all, def. let me know! Great to see you on here. Love the small world of the internet!
Didn't go home this weekend. Only thing I'm missing is a big dinner on Sunday and chocolate bunnies. Making movies is better anyway.
I saw one guy get hit in the nuts, and by his friends reaction it looked like all of them got hit in the nuts.
Yeah! Lick all the gravy out and leave the food. Makes mom nuts! MOL!!!
Tonight is behind the bar. Wonder what he'll choose for the $5 happy hour craft cocktail?
re "Excellent interview!" Wow, thanks for reading it! I am honored! Comes out in print edition Munich & Berlin this week.
#96-Nick Collins-FS-Green Bay Packers
Artist: do you want to quit your day job and make a decent living doing your art full time—for the rest of your life?!
On Platform Heritage for Exxon finally. Had a great week end, time with my kids, church and quite time with the wife
Good morning twitterverse! Long time no tweet!
For awhile there I just thought pirates were careless about protecting their eyes. Now the patch totally makes sense.
Never mind the ex ladies
Did you race Sunday? Share your experiences!
Jeremy Spencer: Proof every rock star wishes they were a comedian and every comedian wishes they were a rock star
"Air Alert"
U.S. Border Patrol Agents in Santa Teresa have arrested Victor Moncayo-Pando, 40, who was wanted in Texas for sexually assaulting a child.
oh! Can't wait to hear all about it!
School Was Awesome I Got To Kiss Him 4 Times :-*
Put my pride to the side and say fuck it
Can't wait for the #saints game tom I actually get to watch it...
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup webinar - Consumer Services MVNOs Moving & Evolving
aww thats awesome!:) im soo happy for you! and go for it because YOLO:p
When a zombie apocolypse happens so I can see a bunch of black guys who have pants falling off they're ass's getting chased.
my first time with material culture and I am more confused than ever. The prof says this is normal but it makes doing the assignments a pain
Love that! Farmer's market meets Fanon RT : Decolonizing my stomach & body w/a trip to farmers market!
been a long ass while since ive been on twitter.
the machines are now sentient, and angry with you...
Let Army Airborne drop in with food they could secure an airdrop in Haiti
all the other people not adults r either 8 or 8 -____-
Sounds like he might be ready to host another one?
thanks love! I definitely got good wear out of them in Antigua:) x
About to make another health tip commercial on animoto. Its pretty cool. May get the paid sub so I can make longer ones
I am out of scotch. This is a problem.
Packing up the car heading to la!!!
If you were Gump's kid you'd have a gold plated toilet! Stop the hate!
The wind is in full force today!!!! Don't get bloooooooownn aaaaawwwwaaaaayyyyyy!!!!! And use lots of hairspray! Lol! ;-)
$15.40 on barnes and noble.. and im 28! how old are u?
Off to work gotta make that bread and butter
RT ¡ATTENTION! To whom it may concern:AT THE DRIVE-IN will be breaking their 11 year silence THIS STATION IS …NOW…OPERATIONAL
Lol I'm weak how twitter chicks talk bout #basic bitches, and half their tweets consist of #basic shit.
cant wait to get my new d.c's this weekend from ur store :)
Oh. It's a thing. Probably one of the more impressive things that have happened to mankind in the past week
Heraclitus~ If it were not for injustice men would not know justice.
JUST BECAUSE I'M SMILING DOESN'T MEAN I'M HAPPY
“: BREAKING: Parks & Rec, 30 Rock, AND Community all CANCELED by NBC.” Whaaaaa???
have fun Wendi! Say hi to for me. He's about to speak! Wish I could be there.
Here's my number, call me maybe!(:
FYI: Mississippi Secretary of State Office will be closed on Friday, December 30th and Monday, January 2nd.
Yes! Strawberry it is! Swirly soon! RT : strawberry.
Off to #VRA_ARLIS2011!
+1 “: I really like Sunday mornings. I get some of my best thinking done.”
NP: Anita Baker- caught up in the rapture!!
true indeed and Monroe will be honored on Wednesday night, 25 would be a good number
Had the best time ever at house.
They're going to mimic Fenway park with...T-shirt cannons? I've clearly been missing this portion of the proceedings for years and years.
We're back!! Open normal business hours this week - Thursday. Open New Years Eve 10am - 5pm. Come take advantage of the 7for5 Special!
Show your audience how your life changed after you implemented the ideas you are going to teach them.
As much as i wanna marry a brunette im prolly gunna end up marryin a blonde
awesome. I'll have to keep an eye out for that. I am so bad at consistency with blogging, I always fall off. haha.
"And will you tell all our friends, you've got your gun to my head, this song is only wishful thinking..." -cute without the e #TakingBa ...
made myself a pottermore :)
Please do.
maybe you can help with the audio...the reverb clanging is annoying--will not get an
Okay you already know I'm coming. Miss you.. Both of you. Btw how are you tweeting?
Good morning all! I'll be live on the TODAY show this morning. Tune in!!
How many homes are for sale in your neighborhood? Get your free report at www.atlanta-home-sales.net.
dinner date when you come back please :)
the right amount RT How rude is it to walk over to a guy with an apparent combover and say "Accept yourself. Shave it off."?
i ordered 2 records on dec 7th. think i'll get them before the 23rd?
Some old dude said this park looks like Wrigley...I punched him the face and stole his Coors light.
Can I have your picture, So Santa Claus knows exactly what to give me on this Christmas
What if we can breathe in space and they don't want us to escape? -TheJake
Thank you!
Ok, considering she's staying home and going local, thank goodness for me! :D
fun to follow another Cox!! So love that show!
I like biting and licking lol (Ur Nasty if u thought this was about sex) - Lollipop April Fools :D
Srsly? The House took a bill TO THE FLOOR that advocated the return to the Gold Standard? Can they not see the damage they are doing?
1st paper: Crimes of passion: regulation of interracial sex in Washington state - by Jason Gillmer
everyone in my family enjoys it--the best elements of PRINCESS BRIDE but greater, also good for a couple to enjoy together.
Shout Out To All The UK Swaggers!!! We Got Alot, Mad Love
I don't know why I get treated so badly. For someone who does nothing but put everything he has into others I sure do feel a lot of pain.
agreed. great job RT Ironically I think what VW has going is a great product/brand fusion
Follow This is a social networking experiment class project. Help us reach 10,000 followers by Feb 22. #ThingsThatAreAwesome!
At gpls cataloging summit learning frbr vocab. I don't get half of it, but I'm focused.
oh i see well other people are saying The Miz wasn't on Raw but how come I saw him for a few mintues
*raises hand* Whovian here!
Yeah, I'm a risk taker.
I wish Bradley Nowell was still alive
Thanks! Send us the link to your FB page so we can "Like" you back!
It's pretty nice. My older daughter took skating lessons there
Gather yourself hottovy
My mom didn't pick the line with the gorgeous cute cashier.
I hate it when you lie, I hate it when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry.
Christopher Hitchens, RIP. A great friend to the world of ideas. #hitch MT
": I hate ignorance!!" Ditto
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
S/O to ma sis ! Go follow her NOW I'm serious.
I enjoy your bits on the L&T show.
Hella?!? You're speaking my lingo now!
the butterfly thing & I should have said happy things :)
This is third series I've said I could be at game 4 when they sweep. Never thought it'd really happen!!! See you Sunday!!!!
Geez, thanks for all of the follows. I'm tempted to show my parents and maybe they'll love me again!
u kno I'm fin to upload some new shyt now lol
howdy darlin' sorry I'm slow on the tweet trigger
In the studio with today!! And then later to the roxy to watch him show los angeles what the eff is up!
So excited for this year....gonna be the Bomb....pun totally intended
im proud of ya
Really excited about getting into the Boston International Film Festival! See "My Summer in the City" Monday April 16th, 12:30pm! AMC Loews
The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship.
Already done. I was quite a fan. The ending was a bit too abrupt and unsatisfying for my tastes, though
OMG this is awkward ahahah
Had a great afternoon with Kiki at the shop...
Apparently they're doing a new Thundercats series. That's pretty fantastic.
What would happen if an Irresistable Force met an Immovable Object?
The JPA 5K is now a CARA certified event. That means a discount for CARA members!!!
AAM's here this week. We oughta get a beer with
Southwest has ripped a hole in my patience.
We All Miss 1D On X Factor :( Buh That's Okayy' Coz There Doing Well Now #Well Done 1D
Help trend #ArianaDidAmazing please! Tell others! RT<3 PLEASE
RT : Four days until Medicine Collection Day at Miller Park. Get rid of unused meds and score a free bag of......
I think I nun got use to Akilah's driving.
that's good of you!
Thanks Don! RT : Keep up the great work Coach!
lol let me use your student email ;]
I unintentionally read most of your journal a week or so ago. Didn't mean to, but got sucked in. Good stuff.
first he didn't, 2nd could have went either way and 3rd he didn't do enough with his take down.
Scientists need to get into schools/communities and build familiarity.
"$47 billion in millionaires' money is less than $300 million in mammograms and birth control." Interesting math.
Goodnight, =] please tweet or dm me when you get on tomorrow, I love you babe!
I know, & yayyyyyyyy <3333 but who am I going to talk to for 2 weeks? :O
Quote on channel bundling comes from an analyst, who calls it an advantage; funny how you're the only one who couldn't see why.
Happy President's Day and Happy Family! How are you celebrating yours?
Just about ready to send off my exam, and then I think I am going to crack open a Monk's Blood! I'm dead - I'm gonna hang here.
Rumors swirling that organizers have enough signatures to recall the Gov.
LIAR! #unforgettable ;P
If I took you home, I'd be a home run..
- He was atrocious. But equally bad.
Nobody Wants Somebody , Who's Been With Everybody !
thank you!:)
Wanting to read Rework by the 37 Signals crew.
If you click this, we will write a album for you :)
On the Mac there is Bias Peak and Apple's Soundtrack pro
Not really my style.
:) Thank you for reaching out last week. Emailing you back shortly. (notice the "u" this time ?? LOL)
Hello! Thanks for the mention =)
when all things are above / the change you saw in rooms, slowly constructed / in the dead light of a sky that fights your / every breath
If you've been charged with a crime, you need the best and most aggressive attorney. Call (619) 692-9001 in
Random: Who wants to be part of a flash mob today? Contact me for more info!
I did! :/ BUT I was able to get myself home regardless of how tired I was!! So I'm good :)
it's the Gemini inside sorry. ;)
Okay this is getting boring, watching people dance to polish music i dont understand isnt fun :P
Rhino's got free wifi.
your #Occupy LA protest coverage is filled w/judgement. It's not theatre it's reality. There's no script. Get a clue.
Great promo for MLS #FirstKick in the Championship Game. Congrats #Lobos cc
haha yeah true that but I admit the optima looks pretty slick for an economy car. The Features rival luxury name brands now
Burnt Tongues
Dying to take a fake sick day so I can play Kirby's Dreamland. Not gonna, but I want to.
Happy Thanksgiving from FUEL Milwaukee!
Denver is mostly liberal although the homeless bill doesn't reflect that.
What does everyone think of the new logo?
no more Red Solo Cup for this guy
WOW! Midcourt 3-point shot for the miracle 2nd Half cover! #badgers #sports betting
Horrible having feelings for someone and knowing your never gunna tell them.
Sowing more veg seeds indoors for starter plants. Thinking of getting another grow light fixture. Hope I don't get raided for a grow op.
Trying to stick to my schedule. Final Manuscript edits schedule to be complete by 9/28 (exciting!) Book Cover by 10/5 (extra exciting!)
We had a great #SpringBreak. We reopen today. We invite you to visit.
Never heard of it! What type of food is it? RT : First stop: Ricobenes. Always.
RT: ::RT:: IF YOU THINK ME AND SHOULD LINK UP FOR FLA
I. Hate. My. Work.
So excited to see #Seminar on #Broadway this afternoon. Love
let me know when you get out here.
despite that near-collapse, the #nuggets have a legit chance to win this series. Win tonight, get a win in gm 6, they could take game 7.
congrats to on their launch!
THAT is a bad look.
Looking for established blogs/websites created by Minnesota women...any suggestions?
RT : Emery says Jeffery is "very dynamic vertical receiver" and a "mismatch with the ball in the air."
#ThisSummerImTryna learn how to surf! Read Les Mis, go to concerts.
"post-print" not being particularly meaningful; post-editing vs published is definitely a red herring. :)
your really pretty :)
I can't figure out what to give her for valintines day
Music video coming out today!!
Will Anthony Davis unibrow get his own area code in Charlotte next year?
My mom drives me crazy
After a weekend of more sun than I've seen in the last 6 months, I've escaped to air conditioning.
Going Out Tonight With Some Ppl Hope It Goes Ok Heheh & No Sex For Me Lol Party Time And I Still Dont Have My Home Work Done hahaha Oh Well
Where the he'll is Latrell Spreeeeeewell! That dude was il no literally, Ron Artest metta Aimt got nothin on my dude! Hilarious
The delivery guy just made me come down to the lobby to sign for my pizza. Isn't that punishable by death during the Super Bowl?
Love hearing childhood memories about baseball - such a great joy in life.
Aight I'm in the bed wit the fam. Goodnight/good morning ppl
Lol Yeah I Am Tuff. StarlifeJoJoB
PEOPLE SUCK.
I have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to wait!
I know my fav saw my last subtweet bout her CIERRA
"If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to." - Dorothy Parker
Hate that I'm in #Dallas and not at #SecretWineParty at
I think you're right. the offense Is smoking hot and bard has something to prove.
First experience ever with wifi on a plane. Kind of convenient, kind of scary- I always thought of flying as the one place you could escape.
dunno yet Wbu?
My dad just won some mega awesome parent points. His favorite band right now is the Civil Wars.
I just saw what people have called a 'Selena Gomez'. I don't understand what the huff is all about...She looks like a Pomeranian
yep real good been away a while. Good to catch up
Thanks! I LOVE dolphins & often see dolphins while surfing :)
ssshh... did u just touch wood when u said that Annie?
except in healthcare, oddly enough: Cheaper/Quicker usually means higher quality, too!
Very #dayofDH: IT sent network tech to boost wifi in my classroom so all students can use , #voyant-tools, &
hey come discount double check out the show tonight at ten bells in bayview
hey boss, anyway can have off for Columbus Day tomorrow? You know how important this holiday is for us.
For writers, this from Alan Watt; "when we make the story more important than the result, the story has a chance to live."
Flo, let's make it 11:30. I'm heading out to a meeting shortly, should be done by 11. Let's talk!
U have a pretty voice..
- Thanks for posting about our volunteer training!
Charleston - cleaner, safer and the best restaurants in the South!
The New York Lottery’s Mega Millions jackpot is up to $500,000,000! I’m going to play today!
#asecs12 Carey asking Pangbourne, do you see a tradition of Americans measuring their imperial aspirations against Islamic empire?
upgrade? from a nokia to a flip phone??!!! n*gga please :]
Image from area near NW 5th and NW Couch, where police say man jumped from 5th floor of building after running from officers.
#visionconf inspirational words "ecoligical issues are global issues"
& just to be consistent, here's your treat 4 last nite's attacks ": Stephen A and I about to do battle. Be there."
Hollywood, what!? What are you going there for? And when r u visiting NYC?
Decided instead of getting the day started right away, to spend an hour in bed listening to Josh Radin. I feel rejuvenated!
if you're 0-4, I think you forfeit the right to call anything a swindle.
all good here. Skj just waiting to hear from universities. March is for choices, April for decisions! Empty nest here we come!
A real relationship is not built on being nice; it's built on being real.
im so proud of you right now.....that was amazing<3 simply incredible
It's a little tricky, forget about the first couple of attempts. You might get the custard right, but the pastry...
What do u need hlp with? Where are u located?
sun's setting on that course, lol. He'll be home in 10!
that's tough. I'm not sure who helps the other more
AV the tweeting machine
S/o to all the beautiful people out there.
....A quick walk in this foggy, chilly weather will really get your blood pumping... I'm finally awake! :) ¡BUENOS DÍAS!
Nah, sold out, worked instead...going Monday night though! Whatchu doin tonite?
-- i gave in and watched #thevoice... #payphone... AWESOME... now my a-d-d is setting in... back to @
As I was DJing, playing Wilco's "hummingbird" to be exact, some dude played "It takes two" by Rob Base and DJ EZ Rock on the jukebox.
Cornell doc used as a reference in my #cmtraining webinar - nice to see my past and present worlds interacting :)
#freshmanyeartaughtme when you make out with guys from choir or the theatre department, don't be surprised if they come out by graduation.
Glad you enjoyed your #gf meal! Have a wonderful holiday and we look forward to our picnics together in 2012!
Bill Leavy is a terrible ref. Just plain bad.
Only have 5 minutes before #Kaspersky freezes my system again..so quick, suggestions for a better Internet Security program?
Justin's shoe size is only 7 1/2. Can that be right?
Congrats on your first 50★ tweet you lame-o. It only took you 3 years to get one.
omg my TL is filled with #RAW tweets and I can't watch it till later. :'( Brb for 3 hours you spoilers. Why must you tweet everything?
Doheny Memorial Library
I thought that too. Use the same stuff as always. Unless they changed formula
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON!!! Hope your day goes perfect! <333_
Radio playing The Beatles albums straight through
"Yeah, he's Q on Star Trek". "John DeLancie, don't I follow him on Twitter? He has a Speedo?" "No, that's " me +
Absolutely I will. I'm in LOVE with my !!! Excited to see how well my new lip tar glides right on with your amazing lip brush
SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY! CD Release show @ The Triple Rock in Minneapolis, MN! more details on www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
Just got rained on walking back from my biology final and only slipped twelve times. Ok sixteen. Well, forty-two. Thug life.
Thank you for stopping by!!
"Wear the old coat and buy the new book." - Austin Phelps, 1881
Haha I think it means Peyton no longer has interest in the Redskins?
Twitting skimmer (sorry. One person in the world will get this)
Anyone want to go to the UK/UofL baseball game tonight in Lexington?
Here comes the funk, the whole funk, and nothing but the funk.
All laughs now, but cut throat very soon.
I love you thhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssss much & more ! 😘💋💗💜😊
why does the pineapple i just cut up taste like soap? icky
Is there a pattern here to my favorite guys?? Jake, Jake Austin, Austin... ♥
Indeed! RT : Well said by : "Health communication is hard. Life is complicated and people are strange."
A Golf With Exceptional Grip - New York Times
I love the new pic ;D
What were you doing ten years ago today? Write it and perform @ milwaukee avenue arts fest 7/25 for TWW's Rx Reading Series
Omg just realized I said flowers haha
I am not an expert but I've had friends in your same shoes and it is a tough situation, good luck & keep your heart in it.
You have my vote!! ": since becoming an actual candidate, I have renounced the use of the guillotine against the worst...
RT I just sent u a drop. i couldn't find any acapellas from songs with "Atown" in it..
let's see if you'll come up with a lie...
WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!
SOTU yah for community college shout out, not so keen on reframing as completely vocational.
Found at the - try them, they rock!
Everyone please tell your friends to follow us! We are only 14 followers away from 1000! Please help us! :D
Shoulda been QPR going down but let's be honest, Owen Coyle is no Premier League manager.
Spelling mistakes can ruin your life. Tre story one man sent this text to his wife, "I'm having a great time, wish you were her."”
Good afternoon to two of the sexiest ladies that I know:-)
thanks for sharing the project! :)
Empire Records iis on Netflix! AH!
awww I really did I had no one to argue with lol everbody was like.. mane I wish destiny was here ..:(
#ChuckNorris once bet NASA he could survive re-entry without a spacesuit.
Playing Frisbee by yourself is a rough game. Will someone come and play with me? Please?!
Gimme the Gig ... Having a blast ! Meeting awesome poeple in awesome bands doing awesome things! AWESOME!
why cant you see that i been texting you all day?
Some of my most memorable clothing items from the 90s were Timberland boots and LL Bean pullovers! Not cruise-appropriate! ;)
Fake me is right. I AM bored. I WANT to talk. And you're assholes. ": Hey, assholes! I'm bored, assholes. Talk to me, assholes."
2 days without a Human Rights Violation!
FACEBOOK HAS A FACEBOOK, TWITTER HAS A TWITTER, TUMBLR HAS A TUMBLR, LINKEDIN HAS A LINKED IN. JOIN ME ON, LIKE, FOLLOWING A MODIFIED TWEET.
My Starbucks cup says Sheamus. Close enough.
i still think you are ready to audition, Im just trying to think of it as another class, ,but w strangers, and scarier ;p
Why you askin' all them questions?
Sigh. It's too bad I can't get paid for knowing stupid things, like all Six of Charlie's Angels by actress, character, & city of origin...
We shop at the same Forever 21. Can I get a RT?
i love you babe wait i dont have a babe
You guys are too cute girrl !
So apparently the o-line is not an issue anymore because Martz called alot of 7 step drops we'll see
how have YOU been?? Miss you & the whole AZ RE crew.
My manager e-mailed you, did you get it??
Baked Pierogi w/Uzvar or Salmon Tartare with Baby Beets Salad & Sparkling Water or Soda. Pick any brunch 4 Mom.
reading your stupid ass tweets..
like juice from beetles haha u can buy it... It seriously makes then go away and it wont leave a scar
your phone sucks, apparently.
Does anyone else watch #Revenge I absolutely love this show on #ABC on Wednesday nights?
Husky Game Day Baby! Can't wait to see our boys in the Garden. Come to The Spot to watch with us.
Nice to "meet" you, ! I look forward to our conversations!
HOT DAMN.
I like the first one! :) hehe
Nf, can I get a follow back?
Longcat is long
A #saxophone is like a lawsuit. Everyone is happy when the case is closed.
another day, another blessing ..
Let content dictate breakpoints in responsive design, not device size
The stars r beautiful out in the open road... Where all i think about is you my one true love...
Are they going to kick it to Hester?
killed it on the Evolution series tonight. Nathan Davis' piece for ring modulated crotales and clarinet + cell phones FTW
One more dog adoption and I can afford the jacuzzi upgrade.
Hello Twitter-verse!
Happy Mother's Day!
It's time to dominate this paper...uh, after I watch Glee.
yup im so happy its a saturday! haha #icangohardallday lol
follow Steve Lenox, and Steve return the favor-Lenox is a good Cork man (via Newark, NJ)
I love you to baby:D and your awesome vagina;)<3
NEW YEAR'S EVE = FREE CHAMPAGNE AT MIDNIGHT...Join us!
Lots of #capitals fans out tonight
What a shitty night....
Omg long Time
Sexiness is a synonym for mysterious.
Singing to get women is cheating
HEY JOEY!!! would you follow me please?? :D i Love you in Ramona and Beezus i think thats how you spell it... Please :D
RT : MWP made the right basketball play! Point blank period! A NBA pro has to make open shots!!!
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one. Charles Horton Cooley
Payout Music babay!
I do too! :) RT : We LOVE you back, I'm not sure about that person though.
it's pronounced "Hahk-med" Correct?
that ain't a tattoo. That's an imprint because you passed out on top of the emblem
Who will we be seeing Saturday for our Cinco De Drinko party? ;)
strange reaction considering the no. of Arse players at City now.
Why is it that when couples aint married they wanna act married but when theyre married that can be married & are always clashing
way too much time with Frankel. I actually went to CBS. Poor Savannah...
Now retweet that I was kidding :)
<---- M FOLLOW AUSTIN'S PIZZA(: <3 I mean you should because 1. PIZZA IS DELICIOUS 2. It's Austins(:
lol no. That drawing was on a WHOLE new level
#ItsFunnyHow you can tell someone likes someone else, but you can't tell when someone likes you.
Amazing to think Champion owned the uniform rights to the 1992 USA Basketball team.
My honesty is one of my worst traits ... I come off "boujee" and "stuck up"
Sounds like Jamie is a stalker!
Every time I laugh in class and can't stop this kid in my class thinks I'm on drugs lmfaooooo
You mention the NFL and MLK Day How come the NFL offices are open on MLK DAY. They took the S/Bowl away from AZ but they are open
Aw thank you Nikia! Likewise! I appreciate ya ;D
Please follow me i'd be the happiest girl to walk the Earth! #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE!:)
Looking for some really cute oxfords.. If you're in the DC area then look no further! Go visit and pick up some MTNG oxfords :)
not sure. haven't been yet. can't make it, sadly. mega suck. go. MINES are fucking great.
What an overload of information. Now he's a manager at a restaurant.
bring yo pretty self on up! My hands long to play in your hair!!
Yeah, thinking much the same. We don't have a research budget, per se. But my dean would be amenable to a couple books a semester.
Looking for a quick bite before the #NACUA workshop starts? There's a great European bistro on the lower lobby level of the Fairmont.
Wilbon also said Nash would not fit on Miami. So theres that...
: i damn sho' would!
Thanks for having us! RT : Great day at the LMA Toronto Conference. #lmatorconf. Thx to everyone who made this day possible!
and by over here you mean over here right?
If all the raindrops were lemondrops and gumdrops, oh that would really hurt a lot.
Seether is taking the stage... Blowing the roof off!
Reading your last night's tweets to piece together what happened because you got your drunk on. Hard.
So glad to be home!
I gotta be next to you. <3
Watched #girls on YouTube.Immediate reaction, following 's post: will we get to meet the housekeeper Hannah stole from?
I refuse to watch that again. Omg.
Lots of cool stuff about windows 8... if only it wasn't vaporware.
funny, I was in the same situation. heartbreaking.
I hate when people go the extra mile to front on facebook when u know the truth about them lol
everyday i wish for to follow me he never does but i wont give up ill be wishing for him to follow me when im 80
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough. -Albert Einstein
ok so i practiced driving today in my friends dad's truck and like i seriously almost had a heart attack . i honestly dont think im ready
Encouraging to move beyond "social media is two-way" & "be there or be square" @ #2011cmc. Next, let's problematize "authenticity" of voice.
ya i hate school :/ and im pissed thats the only stop in texas
Great place to watch the game too RT : Von Trier. Still an east side treasure.
it's gone already.. Lol... Were u from?
Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in, where the only person who can judge you is yourself.
Pretty people, smart people, tall people, athletic people R privileged. That's cause we're human beings & we have senses.
Today's the day we string together two wins a row and start a new winning streak. Time to beat up on the Twins & crush their souls
Frank Sinatra before bed, love having my own studio to myself
Got the car stuck in the mud. Sludge!
i'm not shy i'm just holding back my awesomeness so i don't intimidate you
Think we're all set!
It's Truthing but that's ok “: After this performance, next time we see Tebow he's going to be Piercing.”
Finally here!
Thanks!! Better things are coming too. RT : you guys make some cool shoes
1. that's not a pregnancy test, and 2. you're pissing on my flash drive
Yeah buddy! I was in between patients.
i forgot all about mike bibby. he used 2 be that dude 4real.
Some ppl can rly be irritating
Raking leaves. .....My neighbors hate my leaves. I think they are pretty. Goes to show you that we all have different perspectives.
did you know she moved and is nowhere near a curling club!
hey Ma! follow back!
Wine and blueberries
Pre-Opening Party w/ The Presidents of the United States of America + Battle of the Geek Bands @ ShowboxSODO. Doors open 5.
hell yea cuz i keep writin for no reason..
Beautiful! RT: Children, Nature is a book and each object in Nature is a page in the book~Amma
Mothers Rule :-) RT : I'm glad my mommy can fix cars. She's putting my new battery in.
Even Ron Paul's Eyebrows are embarrassed by his "get any gayer" joke.
"Just like the clouds my eyes will do the same, if you walk away everyday it wil rain" -BMars #theman #YesStillJammingToThisSong (:
yes, there are, but the $10 student spots are going fast!
Dear Mike: Your "schtick" with Mike Golic is already way too old. Thanks, a former listener.
and I would love some FroYo at Metro Center on this lovely Spring day!!! We'll bring friends too!!!
I hope you go to prison Blocked
#DWTS tomorrow!! who's voting for ?
Yes, given the size of those fanbases, that would be expected by any statistician.
It is Monday and it is looking like an amazing week.
hey! Been a huge fan forever :) #askshane what's your favorite flavor of ice cream, sherbet, sorbet, or frozen deliciousness?
It helps us all by promoting equality,but I'm ok with him back-burnering it until after th election,it'll be a tough fight as it is.
Going to be a dogfight at the top of the table in the EPL!
Thanks, Janet! Quite happy with the Council's unanimous vote. Hope the Mayor will listen to them!
Caps win. Big Bad Bruins miss Nate Horton.
one of the sickest rappers/ soul artists ever. SUBMiT
Thank you for your thoughtfulness!!! Yes, it went through and yes, we are still packing! Hooray!
2 days left then Its back to prison ! (School) -___-
Success! Got Craigslist advice from Cindy and had Hyde Park Chocolate Cake Date w/Bibi. All in all, a good day.
hey dude! We had fun hanging out with you guys at the concert. Rock on sista :)
how fun would that be! Will would love it.
Since the casino is opening up, I'll be wandering around town looking for Danny Ocean and the boys...
Knowing you can't "really get weird" at your friend's party b/c you're running an 8k in the AM.
Mommie: let's watch movies all day Me: okay!!!! Mommie:z lmao happy mothers day to my mommie
There's a definite power shift that occurs anytime there are more dogs than humans in a house.
Luc Lac kitchen. Love his place! Tai Iced tea is dope and the chicken skewers are killin it.
that is affirmative!
Would I be a TOTAL witch if I screeched, "YOUR PLACE IS HERE!!!" right now? ♥
Mornin y'all
Once again, and their shitty way of not keeping formatting has ruined my day
This sucks.. Now I know how a pirate must feel. It is not the business trying to see things out of only one eye..
Nor on the web, it's the Bane of US cycling coverage. For some reason road noise is verboten.
Do random fans always pat your back when you're doing the game recap?
Im going to graduate, leave Florida and Move to California by 2014!
A new leader has to be able to change an organization that is dreamless, soulless and visionless
Let's go, Chattanooga! Who's ready for some crafty Warehouse Row action this weekend?
Tavern Downtown::Sunday Thru Tuesday ALL DAY SPECIALS! Large Pizza $10—$8 Nets 13 Wings—4 Classic Sliders for $4...We are the proud Fan...
#Flyers with a strong PK this time. Nabokov makes a big save on a SH rush
are they holding signs that say "we want a bailout"? cause those aren't rats dude...those are protesters. :)
Jonah hill is too funny
Being in C#hicago was fun yesterday...today I will explore my city! ~
I think read my tweet. <3 Because I tweeted him to pray for London,next thing he tweeted was about London. <3 OMG...
Thanks for the RT! Looking forward to the Belle Isle Grand Prix this summer!
you should follow me because i do an A+ helicopter impression
Happy New Year!! Have a wonderful 2012 - hope to see you in your town soon!!
The Irouleguy is sharper and more angular than the Madiran to me. The Madiran was all soft curves and this is hard corners.
You've got to be kidding me!
Libricide book, 3 types: destruction, decline, displacement.
So glad my phone is back :-) whats up tweeters...
don't do it!
I don't mind being in school today, I just don't feel like doing any work -___-
I'm driving home tomorrow. Get at me if you want a ride.
That was me and my world famous Top Banana jersey! See you at #SMPSdc tonight?
going to find the pink bat tomorrow!
Debunking a myth: Generation Y will not usher in a post-paper world. Books will exist on multiple levels and appeal to a variety of readers.
Oh yeah Good Morning Tweeters!!! :)
Wish me luck Time to go in for my cataract surgery
Gimme your BB pin,I wanna call you.... lmao
I just became a really big fan just 1hr ago I LOVE ur voice n hope u make it far n life u got my vote on the next music awards
Just heard a fascinating presentation on political sorting in online dating: people sort correctly w/o seeing explicit political opinions!
Music is my life.
My New Favorite Workout Tool - Amazing Workout! Training with resistance bands allows you to build long, lean muscle and burn fat all...
ash check ya self before ya wreck ya self jk but i do hate it! With a passion! Lol
lol likey cliques. Everyone has their lil set group of friends&dont fw anyone else
You were like the cutest baby ever! Haha :))
Have a great Mother's Day!
Or curler.. This is my natural hair. Lol"
Poor waiter. I'm watching this guy and his table will make him either lose his patience or his mind
listen idk what doth of kink ur into but my glasses better be clean!
oh you fancy. when are you going? we'll be done recording soon… 2 singers left.
Thanks, as always, for the #FF !
Any ASIAN Mahomies here ?
right. But if its 4 NEW tires...
He'll have his college TE to throw to, so that should help. We should be able to at least double our win total from last year! ;)
Maybe yea
Had A BUSY Day.Finished Taking A Shower Now Going To Sleep,Almost 10pm
what a chode
Coffee is what water aspires to be...
sweet. I didn't know she did that. Well, Mapleton half marathon here I come!
I stand correct 'if the schools come to an agreement' aka buyout. But this isn't over correct? NCAA will have their say?
I hope headlines has a show soon. I have a little fan girl crush on :)
ur profile pic n.n ur hair color is perfect :)
RT Thank you to the students and facility at Georgia Tech that are using us regularly. Have you told your friends about us?
i can't wait to hear what the news is!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Run! It's the cops!
My family will appreciate the fact that my chatacter's name on Days of Our Lives is Francisco...which was my grandfather's name.
Nature vs nurture. Data for nature seems stronger every day.
we have a chime when people chat with you. Are you hearing it? I sent a message or two yesterday to you.
Oh Gini... You're one of a kind. Haha
Can't do anything right,
thanks Lisa! Checking it out now.
About to write with the talented Trevor Forsman for his project. Let's go!!
now a Chicago tool,lol...miss ya Ben
Thanks for this. I had the peppers in my hand trying to think of something to do with them yesterday.
Remember the HFH billboards? We r making bags w/ them but we need help cutting. Sat 9:30-3:30 Interested>
I hope you don't mind. We like to share articles that alumni have written. Thank you for the follow.
just like old times.
Two more days of #Seattle Restaurant Week! Yum!
Reflecting: back from FLA vacation, Easter svc w/ family, Masters Sunday, then return 2 "get to go to" job
Won't lie... #Avengers kick some major ass!!! Can't wait to go again with !!!! (and soon, I hope!)
SO. EXCITED. FOR. TONIGHT.
Learning blues and jazz songs to expand my repertoire for a radical change of pace.
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy all of the NHL games live online!!!!
Hello and thx for following!
let's get weird halloween weekend.
-Whatever ur view on raging immig. debate lets face it: whats not to like about holiday that celebrates kicking of French ass?
tru!!! And my bestie came home so I'm gonna drive her to the airport later so driving to ri and then to Logan is a lot of gas🚗
come out this friday night! : )
looks good!! Lol
Ooh! American bandmasters association!
I'm super excited too!
My teacher this morning was like "ok I'm just gonna drink more coffee wit kalua." Hahaha
All wars are follies, very expensive and very mischievous ones. - Benjamin Franklin
What do you mean? I don't work in fashion!! Lol
I miss you too! Had lunch with and we talked about how I miss seeing you!
Rite now! It's Banamas sunset Wednesday till 2
hey im on twitter while im in science!!!! im being a bad girl hahah!!<3 how ya doin niall???<3
Is is never safe to look into the future with eyes of fear
C u then! : Join me 4 Twitter discussion this Sun, 4/22 ET on the topic, "What Is a Confident #Woman?" Hashtag
#VotegrahamBGT trended in less than 3 minutes. Directioners seriously own twitter..
“: Spanish women ARE beautiful <3”
RT : fell down a wikipedia rabbit hole. send cheese.
South Loop workplace already NATO-d out. Practically had to pass a polygraph to get past security into the building.
22-1 for the #Clippers? That is amazing. Crowd is in shock
He worried about my digits, but I'm worried about his girlfriend's digits...
RT : Q2 Some of greatest power lies in grad students. have power to speak, write, and promote change in a way admins cannot
What is it with all the laughing on these NBC shows! It's unbearable.
How many days a week do you feel crappy because you didn't get enough done?
AUSTIN MAHONE AND JB SHOULDN'T EVEN BE IN THE SAME PICTURE WITH 1D!!! AM AND JB ARE WAAAYY BETTER THEN THE 5 MUSKETEERS PUT TOGETHER!
Love the article. I heard M Monahan at Marquette U deliver a similar critique of the language of "privilege" at a conf last fall.
Even when no one is going to see you, try to look nice. Opportunities r everywhere. B ready!
Nagging feeling I made appt to meet someone Sat pm at #alamw12 but not in calendar. After meet that is.
OMG!! Our card was stolen, we're are waiting for the information, it was somewhere between williamsburg and greenpoint!
Remember, continue giving special love to mom everyday
you gave me my wish, of following me<3 imma true mahomie! *mahomies gonna love* wow, youre amazing(: RT/Tweet me back(;
These new people do not know the ropes that well and they will jump at anything
what are you going to do with all your posters..?
“: check out MrSmooth.com for swimming form. Great site that will showcase proper form. #Triathlon #swimming” Thx!
My fiancé is not agreeing to my suggestion of watching #tomgreenshow reruns instead of #MadMen tonight.
the color of the too too nail polish is hot pink!!! <3
Of the 32 1st round picks of the 2011 draft only 3 had fewer than 200 snaps(including playoffs). They had between 99-115. Can you name them?
exercise bands are still in there - we reclassified them as specialized equipment and they're available as an Expansion Pack!
Canby's 4x100 relay of and Josh Kraemer set school record Tuesday (43.04) in West Linn dual.
HUGE chem final tomorrow .......... catch you guys later! Wish us luck (: Hoping for an A
taco ball is nasty.
Wow, that's awesome exposure. Congratulations!
I just sold a DVD player, I am so happy~
Hope you feel better Mike! Respect your work. I grew up with your forecasts in STL watching
Well said!
when la bound you entertaining? =)
Do not allow SB 1530 2eliminate constitutional due process rights 4teachers. We deserve the right 2a hearing! Habeas corpus!
my thought is honestly it's not my battle. I do feel concerned about how I will explain these topics to my 7 year old....sigh
i respect yah gangsta ,, put some on yah neck to thank yah
#Usinger sausage on the grill, #Wisconsin beer in hand, in good company...life is good.
lol why did she touch you?
yes! + perfect spring/summertime handbag♥
call us your BELIEBERS!!
1982 was in Montreal, where high school goes to 11th grade. 1983 was in BC where we spent a year when my Dad took sabbatical.
Ushers still alive?
I FEEL SO BAD!! I forgot yesterday was your last day and I didn't give you proper hugs and smooches. I'm so sad. =(
I'm a long-satisfied free customer, & you'll have my monthly money if your price points get closer to GDrive's
lol she's like 1 right?
Happy birthday! I'll point you & Conor towards the best fish pie, sausage rolls and bangers & mash next week in Jax :)
Hiding from the eyes that see I have been defeated.
nerd. can i have one?
haha, alright! That's good to know! :) Thanks!!
sure thing!
I know nothing about either, but I'm so excited!!!! RT Patriots have had a huge day....C.Jones, and Hightower....WOW
My Mom got her car door hit this morning and whoever did it didn't stick around it's able to be fixed but it's always something it seems. :(
If you don’t ask, the answer is always no
Ahh, well. Let me know if you need help next time. How's the palms going for ya thus far?
Sun then clouds & a few *isolated* showers this afternoon. Temps in the 60s. Saturday is phenomenal...sunny, mid 70s. Enjoy!
AGREED RT : With the way Stewart has called pitches for CC and hit give him more starts Couldnt hurt
tattoos, memorabilia sales, cash, prostitutes, yachts, mansions, strip clubs, abortions vs shoe discounts
Awesome day for #tea, Mlle. Graduate
well some of it only cuz there was nothing else on!
Re: advertisers , i recommend looking across Harris Pub at their bestseller mags like Dog News, etc
": Haters gonna hate. Bitches gonna bitch. Bosses gonna shine. 👊"
Just because a relationship ends, doesnt mean 2 people have stopped loving each other. They just stopped hurting each other.
Dream of a universal library goes back much further than 1938.
Happy birthday !!:) <3
gee you don't know how hard it is to be as funny and awesome as me day in and day out, i'm like fn' james franco
<------Y u always u up n my ass, me and my ass fine
Receive 16 units of FREE Botox when purchasing 1 syringe of Juvederm
lmao hhahahahahahaha haha I can't even argue with you lol wow
HER MOM UGLY AS HELL HOW THE FUCK SHE COME OUT LOOKING SO SEXY WOW !!!
Geek Switch - Turning You On To Everything New and Nerdy!: Final ...
Oh, absolutely! (and if you go crazy, buy some fresh berries for dessert and crush one or two into the vinegar @ dinner!)
New Profile Pic Of Ari! Let Me Know If You Like It! (: xx
It can't be helped. Gotta read #WIP from beginning or I may write myself right into a hole. #amwriting rule broken. Unnerving
RT Welcome to App Store on Twitter! Follow us to discover new apps, get exclusive offers, and share with friends.
THIS IS STUPID
thank you so much. :)
Stop by Mario's Eastside Saloon this Saturday for THE Kentucky Derby Event.
We also can't wait! It was an amazing day of filming!
AH! Please post a picture babe :D
If #Brewers are done in July, who's the best young SS they could get for Greinke?
Brave little lion man...
STOP EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!....did I say I love you today?? OK I love you now have a wonderful day :)
Prescience? “: People who aren't in some fundamental sense in need become monsters.”
Yay! Landed work for tomorrow on Law & Order LA :-)
If we would treat people how we wanted to be treated, the world would be a better place.
Damnit. This is #BadAssThursday. This is no time for the firewall to block port 4070.
Preppin' up for the day, damn, it smells so good in here. Open 11am-5pm for you to
J.P. Tokoto () would win this contest with one dunk...
Got a broken heart that needs fixing, and I don't rely on NO BTCHES !
“: Hello.. I am Model 371. On Earth they call me <3” I know ur more than what they can see! Love, Ur Scarlet Angel
Tim Shadel is giving a great talk about the Facebook Graph API. Entertaining and useful.
I know it's lame. But lmao shieeeeeeeeet! That's how we do it!
I hope you got some earlier. I'm sure it's long gone by now.
Good morning. Doc appt today.
#RockOnward Love your dedication to the music scene! Thanks for helping to spread the word!
and dont look all shock and start crying he hit yo ass.
“ "Failure cannot cope with persistence." - Napoleon Hill”
Statement from TN: The people behind anti #immigrant attacks are the same who try to deny the rights of women and all people
They say it never rains in southern california?
seeking a recruiter and an Account Mgr for a staffing/recruiting company in Dublin OH. Resumes to
Too many events this week, not enough outfits. Hopefully can solve this problem!
The facilitator is flipping through the question cards because most of the questions are about Paterno
The original colonies.
wait a minute...wait a minute! You're a girl? I can't talk to you anymore :P
Thanks for the follow! Wow -- big switch for you next year!
I've wanted to play there forever but still haven't gotten around to it yet... awesome view.
Going solo to a kickin' bday party tonight, but I won't know anybody there- who wants to go with me??
Chrissy that was honestly what I thought! Tina and got it! NICE!
rt: Marketing your company and yourself is a 24/7 job. If you want time away from your job, you shouldn't own or lead a business
i really wanna be appart of the STA track team again
$1.6 million increase to help support the Circulator and other non-regional bus service
HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY! you're 21 now. can't give you anymore shit now :p
Fireside Nut Brown 12 packs for 7.99 at Pick N Save on North and Humboldt. I'll help them get rid of the winter seasonal!
What network?
you can say what you want. but the NBA doesn't want small market teams winning. they know it too.
Dont think my tweet went thru.. but yea been here 3 weeks def thrivin out here in pitt bro
Happy to be back in Indianapolis after a whirlwind trip to NY. Looking forward to our shows
Hey, do you love me or my app?
its allgood man have a good day
U are lucky your are cute or I would be done with your ass for sure.
I'm higher than that thang walking down Western
My friend saw u at the aquarium! and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,<33:DD
hey bro its hot as hell in here tonight! Oh follow me.
Choice STILL defines who you are...BE CHOOSEY!!!
it came frum the heart nd she's only 6 so ya
don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life because you don't have to live forever, you just have to live.
An energetic and emotional relationship is what you are looking at if you are seriously dating an #Aries guy.
Yes, sir. Looking forward to it!
craze!!! I was getting ready 2 tweet close to what u did!!! Lmao ;D
be sure to yell.. "get off my lawn!"
Thanks for the offer, though. I just found a generous donor.
This just in - to give keynote address on January 20th at 4pm. The event is free and open to the public.
not only do i have an amazing protective bf. but also guy friends, who are ready to kick ass when a dude hurts me.
i think you should come to new york :)
re-writing, re-drafting, re-thinking....
really not looking forward to waking up at 7 again tomorrow morning
Oh Robert stop it, I'm pretty sure you married with children! XD
What You Want is AMAZING! I've been listening to the album for the past three hours!
please follow my friends and ! You're the best Codes!
You're welcome. Thank you for your service.
I wish I could ride a camel. 🐫
Such a great day at work today!!
Ray of Duncanville: We don't need testing every grade, every year, in 4,5 subjects. That's wearing us out.
The new chariot album iiisss pretty much the shit.
I love the new Passion CD!
always a pleasure to share the stage with you at the
I don't wanna be misjudged.
i cant keep it together at home lol
I only eat them at the county fair. Seriously, I have a plan and it doesn't involve a heart attack :)
I am the first month, I'll be back June 16thish, and jord is staying at bsu for the summerr
Teaching my sis how to tweet
All girl's are bitches
Hey FOX, how much more could you have made foregoing the Black Eyed Peas. When will it end?
Another 3 hour drive!
Woo, I think I am finally recovered from Saturday's double-header. Thanks to everyone who came out!
News at BookMobile is, Margit is leaving us for library science school, Gretchen is taking over Margit's job, & Heidi is my new assistant.
Bitches cry about the recession and not making money... but they still pay full price for my shit!
It's pretty awesome!
margin call, if you're into #ows at all that is
Today at 2pm ET we'll share factoids from our curator tour of #FireIceExhibit on the Hindenburg disaster. Ask us your questions!
Go to my profile or youtube and listen to my single -everybodys a critic- featuring j-diggs from thizz ...dope music...no lie
so true pham
Sometimes people needa dose of their own medicine !!
my statement to the police will read ' the man in the bathroom stall sounded like he was fighting the devil in a shallow pool'
Bought my cap & gown today. $50 for something that will soon collect dust in my closet. Any grad wear repurposing suggestions?
How does my dad get an iPhone 4S before me? Lol
She's so sweet and kindness tweets to They are Awesome Victorians :)
RIP Beana, I love u soo much. say hi to my daddy for me =[
he is a very brilliant British comedian who was best known for his portrayal of Mr bean
Having a great time at Troutman Sanders' Associate Retreat learning about the business of law firms.
Hope to see you done there! RT : Reading about it sounds so great! May have to make a stop there on Sat.!
Who to go with to prom? Aha
MORE POWER TO HER.
does this mean google docs files too?
listening to coast to coast am while trying to get motivated
Visiting Alaska in Aug! Any tips on lodging, wildlife cruises, kayaking in #Seward?
You are both so great! Looking fwd to seeing you on June 24th!
I wish someone would explain why ANY woman supports the GOP. Is this the Stockholm Syndrome writ large?
Thats what I just said! Haha (Can put in freezer also if extra) RT : put it in the fridge
Had an afternoon stroll with Dairy Godmother, and last dinner as roomies at Evening Star. Farewell, Del Ray! You've been splendid.
official tag is
Sometimes I feel I will never be as good as him that I will never compare to him and it kills me inside
i don't really have room in my life for a new show, but happy endings is kinda the shit.
amen to that! Have a good one!
Too bad more sports/industries can't be run that way...
Depends on who you're talking to.....
Anyone else have trouble with not loading reliably?
get down to 618 s. Michigan! right now!
Don't be a turkey, come to the Avenue March 9 to see The Turkeys & Sassy Molasses........I'm sorry. I couldn't help it.
I just rofled into the tunnel of love.
so awesome to share in your surprise party Friday. You are amazing !
Very interesting!
Kaytal: Alito is in play because he's differential to democratic processes.
what u going to school for?
RT A #shot clock adds to the value of playing great team/help defense.
Hey why u not following me?
hey follow me so i can DM u :D
“SPEED searching for next big stars! Singers comedians dancers novelty acts. audition 877-909-3883 email ”
that is so true.
Grilling some ckicken
Ran into my old friend from CNN Atlanta days yesterday. A hustler to her heart. Wishing her wealth in very near future.
stfu stop singing these old dusty songs
Kirwan: Higher education must do their part to address the cost structure
It could've been me. It should've been me.
do what you feel. you're the one who has to live with it.
Is in the mood for some serious sushi
We in Kentucky hope that Jones joins UK. We also hope you join UK as well!
Brrr. It's a chilly morning in Louisville. You think the warm weather is gone for good?
The dead trees in our yard are coming down.
mani/pedi/massage booked for after the holidays... i am gonna need it!!!! Pileggi on the square... you better be good!
Ok Glee, you lost me..
Rumor has it #BroccoliSamurai to lead off their set w Up Late theme song
oh ha ha, K Julie <blush> ~boinggg~
tonight will be a huge
Happy Birthday to my good friend
We add bell peppers and extra Parmesan to make our bolognese extra awesome!
Where are you guys from?
How was your wedding wknd in DC? Did you make it to Eastern Market?
you need to! Lol
I think ppl just tell eack other they love each other just for the fun of it, cuz some people dont even no what love mean they just say it.!
“: i wanna meet you and touch your ass ugh :(”
Oh yeah not saying they'd def win it but the Broncos would be right there with NE and Hou plus the AFC is getting weaker.
Looking at the possibility of coming back from vacation... cemetery needs mowing...classroom needs to be set up....
Good morning P who's in Baltimore at #cc12? Message us to let us know you are here.
okay just wanted to know i told mom to pick me up early lmao
my friend went too ;~; and then called me to spazz about it afterwards.
Andrew- J Men's dress shirt at www.leodys.com
I hate that I have so many feelings for you.
you can get those on our website. www.clicgearusa.com. You will never have another flat tire!
Not surprised to see LeBron win his 3rd MVP. Hands down, he's still the #NBA's Most Visible Peckerhead.
The youth are a force of nature. If we don’t teach them their history aren’t we creating a force that pulls us in the wrong direction?
:o! wow lucky! haha
I love Marquette basketball, but it causes me a lot of stress! Ah
what an awesome app to do a real time visualization of conversation!
you're funny lol
Does anyone know where I can stream Dawson's Creek free online? I have a sudden urge to devour these...
The big bad boogie man Texas is overplayed and there are certain advantages to FSU being relatively separate
Why are the judges being so mean to ? I think she did amazing!
RT : Many settle and later regret it... don't settle, God will see you through.
Just vacuumed crumbs off of my daughter with a dustbuster. Awesome!
welcome! I liked the old one too, but the new one is much better. And I think the last line is a GREAT hook...it's really memorable!
Went and saw the vow with :))
As an MBA student, it is likely that you will be presented with internship opportunities
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a realtor, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
"Robots are immune to psychics." -- My friend Brendan, like two minutes ago
oh yeah haha awkward... Haven't been back since... Lol
Glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you again soon!
RIP Maurice Sendak, you delightful old curmudgeon.
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without. --Confucius
Have a Happy and Safe 4th of July! Don't forget the reason for the Holiday!
Just joined the LIS New Professionals Network. Took about 10 seconds. Shoulda done this ages ago...
can we please get #trippy ... is with it
please play Britney Spears Criminal
in l.a but cnt go see him :( dat sucks!!
OU women's basketball game = SUCCESS!!!
we should go hahah.
the children of lawyers can be frightening. ;)
be the better person and give it to her!(:
then that is something i want to be - thanks for sharing - Ellen
I can write a dozen content marketing items on "What 'Office Space' Teaches Your Business" for a client, but don't know if they'd approve...
This peach cobbler doe>>>>!
well you need to stop doing it then.
You mentioned me?
I ben listenin to it all day..The Sun finally out..So I had to play it
Thank You for your service my brother!
Rick plz influence the program directors to stop with the Burris stuff and give us real news like. anything else that bleeds leads right?
20 seconds for Oregon. They can run 12 plays
How are you going to make your day great? Have a plan. Execute it.
Just got in the house.
Kids are cool
Yes it was & definitely killed it tonight! I felt really bad for #Samily too but Emily will find a way! :)
Just seen to nice aged pieces of dark chocolate walk pass! 😊
my mom thinks i should tell my grandma that i'm gay. if she wasn't freaky for jesus, i might reconsider.
in my experience- yes!
He was articulating a question for the editorial board ("we as an editorial board") ... at the U-T, that's been pretty partisan.
thanks for the shout out:)
pero, how is that possible on your prom night? :l
wana come follow our show april 1st in poughkeepsie new york with a ton of big names? email me at
always a good feeling!!! What u about to cop??
IUPUI, but I want an apartment.
green juice!
hey + : can I intro u to the folks at the Dartmouth Entrepreneurial Network and Tuck Entrepreneurship folks?
I like analyzing fan experience, but I wish there wasa school of baseball thought that shunned material goods like "Buffalo Bacon SloppyJoe"
Happy Birthday!!!!
Best Company Name Ever: "ADHD Labs." From Philip Kaplan (), who is also behind and more.
Thanks very much for the follow. Looking forward to experiencing your wines & winery on a future trip up to Sonoma. Cheers!
The one album that matches my mood, whether it's sunny or gloomy? Kind of Blue.
"Use their name 3x throughout presentation"
ughh I wish he didn't move!!! That means his fan mails coming down
Post game concert schedule: Dierks Bentley (June 2), The Wallflowers (July 21) and Third Eye Blind (August 18)
Caramel frape and mcdonalds fries... I'm in heaven <3
Yes. I liked it. I also enjoyed Year of the Flood, also by M.A. It was published after Oryx and Crake.
CEDDY NASH LIVE @ ANTIGUAS TONIGHT 10PM 723 K STREET ACROSS FROM 24 HOUR FITNESS SACRAMENTO ARTIST TRYIN TO GET ON TOUR COME OUT!
