#MadGay ": Boys need to learn that they’re better off telling the truth right away, because girls will always find out eventually."
We are counting down the days until our next show! Please hit us up for a $5 ticket!
Thank you so much for having us play on Sat! We had a blast!!!
Exhibit Ambush is transforming the runway into an extravaganza
*finally* reset our time capsule after it stopped working right. Now I must leave my computer on forever while it backs up 20 days of data.
hopefully he goes on tour for his new album ! Yeah true, if Jay Z was there, they would need a big ass arena
": Goodnight dads. Enjoy the last few hours of peace cause tomorrow you have to do everything ;(" it's only 1 day;you're fine
A stop in the hinge when open to 180°?
Good luck on your interview. You made me homesick. :(
smoking a cigar in my van. #mini #springbreak up to
NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 guides enterprises in building stronger resilient IT systems w/ sufficient security capability to protect core missions
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
do you have constipation and the dry heaves???
2. I got to talk to Austin today on the radio station & I only called once, so never give up!
The complexity of making a Mayan Calendar game is making my eyes bleed :)
30 seconds into Betty White's punk show and it is the worst show ever!!
Hey ! Have you booked #USWNT for the show yet? Better get on that.
Our new shower head makes you feel like you have cum shots on your face!!
RT : Great concert at Alice Tully Hall w/ L Fleisher and G Kalish.
Any action movie / tv show starring a woman cant be good.
This snow will not keep me from Eric Clapton!
is going to be so disappointed!
have you guys started already?
Apparently you haven't seen me do it!
Come celebrate #EarthDay! Write your #EarthDay pledge on our store window and get a free seed packet to plant! Today and tomr 12-4pm!
My #1 professional goal is to ensure that future archivists in my position don't hate me the way I hate my predecessors.
haha did you make it through all 9??
Dear Spotify: Its called targeted marketing. If I'm listening to Monteverdi, I probably don't care about Carrie Underwood.
This guy was convinced he was fueled by mullet power. He was wrong.
yea. Alex is our walk-on with one open spot on the roster for next season.
is doing important multidimensional work, otherwise known as "sleeping".
"Get in tune, welcome to tha truth spit it diff what it do"
The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen: Naked...the new black!
Massive traffic on the 10.
Hilary Rosen should stick to the record business. Insulting stay at home mothers isn't becoming of her.
Very prompt response to the approval for our new listing. Thank you
From the bottom of my heart I miss you
foreal & i'm like WHO CARES ABOUT WHEN YOU WERE LITTLE ! i'm me and you are you xD
*hurries back to the house, shivering* damn its cold
#mythoughtsduringsex this bout to be a mean workout:)
ew! I took that when I was in 11th grade LOL
Lol this song is hillarious it jammed though
I'm bulletproof,nothing to lose ricochet,you take your aim,fire away fire away you shoot me down,but I won't fall I am TITANIUM
Thank God RT #Brewers reportedly attempted to trade for 1B Carlos Lee "months ago," but the deal fell through. (h/t )
feeling sick, you?
u just got a follow that shit got me dying LMFAO
I kinda want to see Alvin and the Chipmunks b/c I've always loved the Chipettes. Don't judge.
just pop culture. Haha!
But I don't want a hug from you.
We are taking a short break and will review #120032 Storytelling Arts when we return.
Right there with you. #justpuregreed RT : i really really really really REALLY don't understand the spiderman reboot.
So if famous deaths come in threes, who is next? Falling Bear, MCA and ____?
Omg in the middle of a huge thunderstorm downtown !!!!
Falling asleep to the sound of #TurnToYou ? THAT'S A GOOD WAY TO FALL ASLEEP <333333(:
I sure hope this July is more conducive to camping than last July was.
Idk how this house gonna be when im gone. Im the only one that do anything, got less than a year left!
I do that too! Or lunges/warrior pose :) but today they wouldn't even go over my hips. I flung them across the room.
worlds colliding! next we may meet face to face :)
Head to The Aquarium on Sixth Street. Always good times there. RT Last night in Austin.
#NP Goldie - A$AP Rocky
vic I love u right now..haha(: ": hate when a girl thinks every thing is about her, don't flatter yourself"
I've got that Jet tune in my head now - Great wrap up of an iconic brand campaign.
I should just invite everybody over and tell them to take one or two things as they leave.. That would be alot easier. Too much junk.
lolololol wut. How is that even educational? Fish are tiny! We dissect cats because their muscles are almost identical to humans
Toyota has informed us that the 2012 Camrys will be here a week earlier than expected. We'll have them before the end of this month :-)
Maitland Stage Band is about to start out here at Lake Lily in Maitland! Come on out - the weather is spectacular!
Good thing I bought our tickets 3 hours ago
train all day
How long will this last before it turns into a nightmare?
"Don't forget to pray tonight because God didn't forget to wake you up in the morning."
will have an update as soon as I can. I've found myself in a corner and working to find a way out. Thanks for patience XXOO
Freedom is such a joke in this country.
waiting kills.
and participated in an undeclared war (the first ever).
Pres. Forum sets up our conversation today; what lit scholars can do with racism and video games.
- cannot stop pondering you & I in our suits soaking up the rays of the #Caribbean sun!
the best show of all times hands down had to be all that! damn i miss the 90s!!
Why couldn't a packer be on some other reality show....dancing with the stars sucks...
Beware of those smiling faces!!!
lol I been followed back bro! Haha
Was that Caron butler in a suit? What happened ? Wasn't he playing?
I'm gonna become a alumni today. Bittersweet.
Are y'all listening to ? This is how it starts
It's so good to have back in my life here in #Baltimore! DC chick salad, yum in my tum! Right ?
″A traveler without observation is a bird without wings.” - Moslih Eddin Saadi
Alright youg pretty good haha how long have you been playing?? also you should smile more =DD
It's sort of annoying just how good is. Especially for people who can't find their shoe size in any store.
I missed riding, not waiting
R.I.P
Applying/Interviewing at Kon tomorrow!!.
#Clarity is AMAZING<3
I want to go back to school for a ninja degree.
So blessed I dont need a man to complete but god second my dad lucky woman to have a wonderful dad love u rickey dawayne taylor mwah
Well how bout that! Do you know where you're moving to yet? I've got family all over MO too.
follow me? :) #Believe 5
Gotta love my Bay TEAMS!
RT Based on my friends, no more than 30% of payments are actual descriptions of real things.
You were ignoring me the whole time
need to have a hot fudge cake everyday. smh
I always end up spending 300% more time at IKEA than I want to
Oh how we could have used Sean Marshall.
haha good point
Playing GTA 3...Forgot how awesome El Burro was, and how difficult the races were in this game. These cars got no handling.
Hope to catch you while you're there. PS: Love that in Calhoun Square; it's great having it right by my apartment!
since that's when the next PPV boxing event will be, haha, guess we're gonna show it at our house then :)
(cont) the incorrect fees and will remove for you. is there a better contact number to use to reach you? (can DM it)
Pharmacy - Reduced Costs up to 55% - Rite Aid - LORAZEPAM -
i have work everyday til Saturday :(
What do you think about about a post title with a different slug for keyword variety? Hurt or help? Thanks.
Such kind words. Thank you RT My NEED came today. Everyone needs just 1 pg of this on their desk to keep life in perspective.
There should be a contest where you guess how many chicken wings will be eaten on #superbowl sunday.
Holy moly wody!!!! I'm prob not goin to sleep 4 awhile....heart is racing! Go Nuggets! I believe...not so easy eh Bynum?
I swear I always wonder about that...it's like I know...before you left the house you saw this shit
next saturday on NBC Flyers/Penguins rematch. that will be must-watch tv. guarenteed fight within the first 5 seconds
All NBA and NHL teams should play some Beastie Boys before each game.
Happy thanksgiving
& hello Jania ;D
just had an awsome open house i just wish more people were there but i still had a blast
#ICanHonestlySay that there are only 4 more days left until we offically take off! Be sure to get your presale tickets for only $5!
Wanna know why US students behind? Only a 1/3 of students in FL passed a writing test, so ppl mad & want to lower passing score
“Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.”—Søren Kierkegaard
David Beckham is in #DC to visit the White House. Is he still a sex icon or is he so early 2000's?
Oh, Lilacs, they are divine, aren't they? The smell is intoxicating too...
Someone from the UK looked at my Wiki!! I know that this makes me a nerd but I was so happy when I noticed this in my wiki-stats! :)
Shut up
Yes, doing a dissertation on methodology is quite exciting. :)
#EverydayIThinkAbout why do I have to be in this hell hole for the next 7 hours with the bitches I hate so dearly.
Who REALLY Know's "Victoria's Secret" ? Hm :\ lml
Just type Harry Potter in a shout or while at a theater and it's all yours. Movie was good. :)
#FF because I had to watch her die in #NCIS and it LITERALLY brought me to tears.
you guys killed it,it was AMAZING<3
Yes Please! The more coverage the better for my fat thighs, and it will leave more to his imagination if I ever send it LoL.
Great idea...students are so visual.
i want to come home to #maine so bad to see you girls.
I was at hooters RT : Guess what y'all!?! Suns beat the Lakers! :D
Pigeon babies...I can't stand birds! RT It's not likely. You'll have to wait until they hatch, mature, and fly away first...
I feel like my house is colder then it is outside
thanks girl! Miss you around here...
don't get smart cause I won't do shot
what do you mean????
right? I sometimes can't believe I get to eat chocolate everyday!
Awesome. RT The Bronx fires back at Brooklyn Vegan hate mongers (see: comments at the bottom) bit.ly/mIaqcG
We have H-Drol for $25.79....GET IT BEFORE IT'S GONE!
Punisher: war zone and all the twilight movies
I only miss you when I'm breathing.
You would all get know out in order
Haha you notice the little things jeni!:p I didn't even notice it till you pointed it out.
Working out the details for a new video for my new song "Life Not Typical". Working with Jeff Kubach again - should be tons of fun!
Yo!! How are u?
i mean, if you're going to hallucinate you should at least be able to control and enjoy it.
Thx #bulldogPR PR University for hosting SM best practices. Look forward to joining panel!
Az BeerFest! Come by the TailGate Beer tent!
TCT in Tennessee? TCT Alabama? TCT at yo mamas house? WHY THE HELL NOT? Tell her to make me a plate! By the way, COME SEE US!!! DATES UP...
Its weird too cuzz john ehert prom tonight
#CIOParadox No.12: You develop successors | Yet the CEO almost always goes outside for the next
I know! You should come play some euckre
dear god, please grant sharon needles the crown, for she is by far the fiercest. amen.
I think j cole gone get off the best
how many illegitimate children?
your emotions are showing
Brilliant meeting & today! What a fantastic resource for wedding professionals: Coworking designed for you
“: Is it bad that I enjoy working on Saturdays??? #TooMuchAmbitionSyndrome” Work it Saturday to own it Monday
Much more interesting than all those "normal" people.
it was good housekeeping in case u were wondering
#childishgambino Believe the Hype!
All up in our faces like he know us . !
": And these people who sit around and give me the "I became a _____ fan when I was ___ years old""
Haha no school!!
Earthquakes, an tornados in November. What's next a flood, blizzard, ice storm?!?!
I wanna go swimmin :(
When your phone vibrates for no reason.....
we are so excited for you to get here!! Yay!!
everyone i looked up to has lost themselves. i'm still looking up, but i'm not sure at what.
Kissing is a way of getting two people so close together that they can't see anything wrong with each other
I will be in the area tomorrow. I'll check out what is going on there. Its likely a report to DOT. I'll keep you posted.
proud of you! good look! sandstroms meet the family!
A4: Seating (w/ comfy cushions) is everything, as well as enough tables to rest drinks/food.
How you wanna go with me and go with a 7th grader ugh NO
My universe keeps growing -- welcome and thanks!
Kept hearing a tweet sound & couldn't figure out which device/social network platform was notifying me. 10 mins later: It's a BIRD. OUTSIDE.
is gutted some British slang I don't know about??
Ovie can't buy a goal.
DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian Caro is LIVE at 1pm from Miami Beach, FL...tune in to www.radio4by4.com and www.danceradio.ca
yes they have but noone ever says it right
stop stealing my friends ;)
they just doing click whoring by going against the grain.nothing to see here
s/o my new follower
Austin sitting in that chair practicing Taylor issues asdfghjkl. He's a fine motherfucker.
And what exactly does that mean? Her experience as Governor of a huge state? How many people actually LIVE in Alaska? Just curious...
For a 'complicated' girl, she ain't that hard to figure out.
making the correct pass like that's a bad thing. If the pass is "correct", that would mean he's kicking to an open teammate,
I had a really disturbing dream last night. I don't even know where to begin...
Wax - Don't Need
Interesting! Was wondering if similar spellings crop up in British varieties.
I'm stuck with this room
Thanks for the shout out re our webinar - we hope to "see" a lot of AACC members there!
♥ can you feel me? i'm connecting with you ♥
I got like five classical records at a flea market a few weeks ago and I've been loving them for doing homework lately
Thank you for winning. I will likely be the top seed in the consolation playoffs. I'll get my championship there lol.
3rd phone I've broken this week..
#lessonlearned ...Make sure your employer will be able to pay you and wont go bankrupt before you work all summer.
Snow's a comin! Wish I had some hatches to batten down.
Wow, even Google street view got the 8-bit treatment
If you post something on social media, it is as good as announced. Consult your #PR firm before breaking big news on your own.
nix that,god your a son of a bitch burn in hell where you belong #screwit im done with the church and prayers
lol what's wrong with you? I was just talkin to Olivia until you butted in hatin and ish lmao this is too funny
Shorty there a 8 but her friend near a 10
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. ~Author Unknown
Walking along the beach, so relaxing<3
thank you i know i blew him away
Early in the mornin, breath stinkin as I'm yawnin, just another sunny day in California
best show I've heard on this channel all week and That is sayin a whole lot! Good work my man!
#QuestionoftheDay, what student development theory do you believe in or follow for #highered?
Which DAW do you use? Or do you mean just for live performances?
Same shit different day.....pissed a few people off today....
I guess we shouldn't be surprised by the fact that Syracuse's communication surrounding this matter is superb.
Really wishes syntax was better. It's a waste of my time. I should be working with
Bring ha to the house we'll **** yo chick, take ha to the back we'll run that ***; straight from the back out done that ***
Watching Lady Antebellum rehearsal for tomorrow!
I posted your Jaw Tension video on FB. Someone saw it & decided to take voice lessons! Spreading the love of singing! :)
It feels so good outside
Finally! My phone is back!! :D what have I missed? :)
my tour is coming together excellently! I'll post all the details soon... and discs are all done!
Unfollow this page n follow my new one
way to step out and TIKKA chance on us!!! Glad you enjoyed it!!!
i totally spilled coffee all over the table this morning.
What a game between #Thunder and #Mavs best playoff series thus far. Time to pass out
OMG awesome! You better!!!
hey im your biggest fan my name is trysten
Great to put a face to the book at #CIL!
Proud of you You stuck with it! Congrats!
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work. -Jessica Savitch
This song has so many great singular lyrics. Good music is out there. It's just not on the radios or reflected in the Billboard charts.
Thank you:)
- Hey Scott, it's been a while since we chatted. Hope all is well with you.
I need somebody to love...<3
Thanks for the request, but I'm not doing FB anymore. This and email best way to stay connected for me.
I hope the guys riding motorcycles w/o helmets have current donor card. Cannot tell you how many times mine saved me.
When I crack my wrists, it sounds like I'm cracking a 180 year old man's back... That is all.
both so pretty
I'm working on making a video about it :)
some days a bug, other days a windshield. Feel better...
Chillin on twitter since facebook is being a pain !
No one at work thinks my glasses are cool. They just think I'm a big ole nerd.
It's funny how once you start talking to someone, the one who broke your heart all of the sudden begins to talk to you. EHHH. Go away.
Why can't I just pass
Arizona is so beautiful
You won my contest! What's your email address?
LOL. I do the same thing. Got it from mom
But after a year of voter contact, CD still polls higher?
hello... do u have kids ?
Totally fun, and I think I mostly made things much worse before they got better.
What does an envelope say when you lick it?Nothing. It just shuts up.
Michele with one L! It was fun meeting you. I hope you enjoy LGLA.
Glad to be of help to you. Congrats on your first granting proposal - they only get easier from here on out!
couscous what the flip is that is it a type of fish????
Buncha kids getting engaged. I want to reach out to them and slap them... Marriage is too big for them to handle.
Rich Fitzgerald speaking at Pghtech Council breakfast. Impressive!
that is funny!
My teams in order are:
Grab some coffee, perhaps a donut and take this day by the horns!
Rochester, NY based business leaders--education to lead your businesses during these economic times-www.leadershipRising.com
Oh Chargers. Why do I let you determine the happiness of my Sundays?
“: I don't care what you say. Anyone who can fold a fitted sheet is some sort of wizard.” this is awesome.
averaging the most points in the 4th quarter in the postseason this year
SO GLAD I got to see the #Shuttle #Enterprise flyby #Intrepid while teaching on board. What a great place to work.
Congrats Kevin Zeitler! New #bengals OG. Another selection for O-Lineman University.
Nobody traveling tonight. Viva le resurreccion. Elijah riding shotgun.
No, but had all three and decided on Pitch Black and Chronicles. D'oh! Now I gotta get 'em back. ;)
Thank you to all the new customers of SheaMoí Naturelle™
thank you for the love :)
but what time are we goin to the movies?
I dont eat everybody food bt it was alrite
cause south florida is the best, man. no one wants to live in a place called southeast florida
since when did you become a beast? oh yeah since the day you were BORN. #phresh #follow?
u like it
lol check outside :P
Anybody know what's going on in Times Square? Streets blocked off and being detoured....
back! What's your work situation these days?
I was in O'Shea's once in my 12 or so trips to Las Vegas. Last year. Was fun. IIRC, had a football-themed table game I'd never seen before.
Bobby Knight doesn't like coaches getting bonuses, unless it's for their players graduating.
Day One in our new offices in historic Occoquan, Virginia. If you're in the area, stop on by and say hello!
I swear if I was not 18 I would fight every kid in my PE class!!
Fact: can do 23 push-ups. I can do 1.
Liquor + rain = madness lol
aww man no you cant come to the aids walk in nyc
josh! You really need to come to Britain, we love you awesome Canadians :3 <3
it was a fun little local club while it lasted...
hahahahaha for you nate jones, we'll pay you whatever you want
man you have the perfect name baby!:)
Pretty decent tuesday, not too hot a work isn't that hectic. Also gettin ready for vacation to el salvador next monday. So stoked
Checked my Pinterest account today...never pinned once, 600 followers. I don't get it.
Overseas Camp better ~
Oil change light on? Need new wiper blades? Getting ready to head to the mountains? We can help! Open till 6pm.
I pray to Fari for the coming in and going out from this time an for evermore yes mi good frens joyful monday morning to all!!!!
yeah, his giant ego
Griper might be too negative so a change is worth considering, thx for bringing that up!
we just played in Albany, GA tonight. Where did you see us the first time?
the oscars have nothing to do with reality. go punch someone.
It WAS working- people already commented on it but I see now that something is wrong. Trying to figure it out. Bummer. Sorry.
It is absolutely the worst fucking time to walk home in the rain
Today is pageant day!! :)
Yes and...I don't hold doors for women!! I hold them for humans!
Ok BOSH!!!
wow that 9 months went fast for you! Congrats!
I have to look at a map and figure all this out in the near future. I will be in the Charlotte airport in May (doesn't count).
With all of the injuries to #Twins pitchers, at what point does the org reevaluate their entire process of dealing with young arms?
Still packing. Used to be so easy just packing for myself:)
#freaksandgeeks is the greatest high-school TV show ever to grace the earth, I dare anyone to challenge this truth.
I only know two thangs if rap don't then It's back to the weed game---
We got something good <3
All right, brain, I don't like you & you don't like me. So let's just do this & I'll get back to killing you with beer. - Homer Simpson
FiNALLY BACK AT H0ME... TiRED F0R REAL!
Pickens continued: "All the Southern states have joined us in arming with great rapidity. I see no way out but one fraught with violence."
haha you and had back to back tweets about that commercial! Hilarious!
Good to be back Today, is on week 3 of #NotAFan series. We're in Luke 3:36-50. Chasing fancies OR intimacy.
yes like shit
try and bob oshaughnessy
Education helps you to grow; it is the right of every individual. We have created an environment where all have access to be educated...
Just tapped Oscar Blues G'Knight Red.
A lot of parents are seeing great results with our Enhansa formula. If you are one of them, would you mind providing us with a testimonial?
The awkward moment when your parents don't appreciate the hilarious child they have been blessed with.
Brawr! As in, "Go put a brawrawn."
Wow, there is a twitter board at the New Grad Orientation! Hi everyone!
YOU'RE FIRED. What an A-hole!!! THIEF!
Tonight trivia at The Beat- who's in??
"I go walkin' / In Wisconsin / Out in the suburbs / I go walkin'"
#oomf Eyebrows bogus ass hell in her avi
AR FOX WINS. JEFF PETERSON CUP 2011 FINALS REMATCH TONIGHT.
Enjoyed some great college hoops today watching Az/clemson and IU/KU. College basketball is better when Indiana is good, what an ending.
Hahaha I'd agree with you if I thought Geno ever felt guilty about anything :)
He misses his girl>>>>
that's a lie Imy yu bff
I never said I was mad cause he called me a whore? Im jus saying he was kind of being really rude to some people but ok
We usually do make them when we have it, and the last couple of times I've done a white sauce with grilled chicken. Yummy!
THAT is a truism, if ever there was one. (Maybe true love is deleting the texts that he shouldn't see, as well..)
digging the wkndrs record and the record art
Happy valentines day 2 my bb
I need that one thing, and you've got that one thing <3 LOVE ONE DIRECTION!!!
Summer is here!! *dabs forehead with handkerchief*
yea babe so watsup wat r yhu up to x
You ever start singing a classic big band song and then realize that it's actually the Foxwoods jingle?
is the place to be. CYR March Happy Hour tonight from 6-8pm
Hey ! At the flatiron in the east atlanta village drinking again !!
It's the 1st Monday of #Spring! Whose healthy eating/lifestyle change is starting today? Let us know! Tweet us for motivation!
Photojournalism summit to take place at NU this weekend
If you tag a friend in a post who isn't on G+ w/ their email address, they will receive it along with a link to join.
His name is Fluffers.
Be known as a referral source not just a taker!
Someone give Nelson Cruz an Emmy.
Thursday GO!
Hm need a new hair color brown and gold idk ill ask my uncle
did you see when live tweeted Gov. Christie at Starbucks? Hilarious!
good thing that cork isn't wearing a hoodie.
Piacere Lorenzo! Have a nice weekend!
I'm the happiest girl in the world right now
At the Womens NDClub w president Nuuchi Currier and with National federation of Democratic women president Estelle Lloyd. Showtime!
I'm turning 30 this summer. I never even had the time to be a hottie. Damn you, youth!
Vote Mahlon Mitchell for Lt. Gov. in WI primary! Tuesday, May 8. He's the *Real Dem*!
RT : Underground wit a international mind set.
Send us your footage.... Well help share it.
Leaving Las Vegas. Can't wait to get home.
I still don't know who kendrick lamar is but that new joint with the game he just made i fuck with.
"He did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness."~Acts 14:17
Michigan needs more infrastructure, rail & bus systems, btwn Detroit & suburbs to keep pace w others, Chicago, Atlanta,Boston!
I am so jealous right now. I want Nandos!
Poke and stab ate two different things Officer: So you stabbed the man in the chest ..hmm Convict: No I poked him!!!
u need to come get your job back. That chick ain't been there and i don't see why u couldn't
Last week of the current class and I am proud of myself. I am thankful for the talent that only God can give.
It will only get better from here!
thanks for the mention!
Which means that the whole mainstream Hollywood product has been skewed toward violence and vulgar teen comedy
"You gotta risk it to get the biscuit."-
I hate wen i text people then i say wyd and dont reply then i ask why idont text them
Looking forward to NSCoder with the crew after work today.
oh ok...I just saw the five slots post lol
Bailey is over gonna go walk!
there's a booger on your face in that commercial. gross.
There was a wonderful meeting today regarding the Midtown/Downtown Early Childhood Consortium at #DEPSA. The energy around early...
Chuggin this pop like there's no tomorrow
45 minutes! ;D
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Cleveland! When they come through drop in say Hello!
The library will be closing in 30 minutes.
I have pulled Grays art and will only sell it to those I feel are not going to resell it for a profit. Will not exploit a gone soul.
Europe! That sounds wonderful! are you studying abroad or an internship?
I don't understand what I did wrong.
awww too sweet :D
why don't you follow me back ? ):
not much um uploading videos on youtube
Your move, New York
I was just thinking that "digital natives" would also be on your list of banned phrases! Hey, it was cool in 2007.
Beautiful weather, a great book, some fun auditions, some creative writing, AND the new episode of Game of Thrones = My day today! +Raw
Hope everyone had a great Easter! We spent ours in our house making #youtube videos, and eating cookies! :)
"MED'S" (A reality biography). Please rate & subscribe www.youtube.com @ Wilsonsgottalent. May GOD continue to Bless U!
wasn't my fault they killed each other!
...there is a level of passion from the players and the crowd that makes college ball superior.
iam going to get ready for school bye twetters :(
I'm saddened that Chen Guangcheng is now being used in the US politics
And..........Farragut thank you for the sell out! PIERRE is a happy Truck today!
you didnt complain when God negged your life.
But i kinda hope u don't like em cuz spent 15k on new keyboards & totally changed my sound
Lol yes i will be there sunday(:
listening to music, running out of songs.... any suggestions?
can i see you tonight?
how am I 22? how?! it's not possible. where does time go?
Blue Grass Legend Earl Scruggs has passed. Nobody will ever play a 5 string banjo like Mr. Scruggs.
Spending Every Weekend With You #IdLoveThat <3
Great conversation today, Kids all over MN benefit from touring shows.Truly,it is worth your many windshield days.
I just found my first gray hair. I am old now. :(
I believe that life is a prize , but to live doesn't mean your alive .
Dont forget about Yummy Taco Thursday! RT : $1 Taco night! Tonight
Haven't seen the sun rise in Boston in a while.
good to know. hopefully it will work when I get home tonight! fingers crossed!
My handsome fiancé is passed out next me. But I am so excited, that I can't sleep.. Or stop staring at my ring finger :)
When you act weird <<.
why i gotta do it
Going through castings before calling it a night.
within the next week or so. I agree we can use this as an effective way to get info out to students. Thanks for your help!
Never lose your moral compass, even if you are forced to adapt at the margins of adverse circumstances.
proud of you rickie fowler! keep it up :)
Are they meeting at the AA mtg? RT When a rodeo clown bumps into his high school guidance counselor, who's more embarrassed?
You might think I'll pull some  like that? You never know.
Eating dinner with my two favorite girls.
Thanks for the mentions we really appreciate it!
It's Monday, my awesome pants are on, coffee in hand, and I'm ready to go!
did he already come through Portland? I could use a beach.
these are for sale on website
Good Night! Sleep with the angels....I Love You, always
Erm I hope that lady's gallon of milk and three pizza boxes were okay. This is why I shouldn't be dancing in public.
Listen to CYRs on Tues. 9:30am. He will discuss Gov. Quinn's failed policies.
Just opening another location at Navy Pier!
thank you for your Bronze sponsorship for
Thanks Jade! RT : when I read ur tweets I can hear ur voice!! lol (:
"It is our duty to fight, it is our duty to win."
Or should I say 'swell'
RT : Don't miss One Direction performing live on TONIGHT! RT if you're going to watch 1DHQ X
RT Seattle creativity is the best....ask my friends
You have NOO idea how bad I need to go to cycling right about now. Next semester you have to force me to go with you!
I'm so happy to know that you know the lyrics of a song please post more
A matured champion is what you see in Kobe.
A YDS is one who meets the developmental assets of youth that do not belong to them
I will email you info! For sure....hope you are well
Ugh, having nasal issues. The WORST!
Me too! (touché) RT : I'm glad you're not teaching health in middle school. ;)
Hi Alicia thanks for the follow, to let you know about me I am the founder of www.thecoupondeal.com and I will bring offers.
The Lakers are home for 2 playoff games during my trip to LA for my bday. Hm
zap you should follow me !
Anthony Bennett eliminating UK was not shocking, but I held out hope.
haha they just got them in chicago!! I was like... Dude, that's not how it works. Haha
My dream is that a bad female will break down for me
help me he's the creepiest thing ever!
you are distracting me from my paper bryan! Haha
Exactly, chasin' pune is how Zuckerberg got started haha! If that chic had gave it up to him there'd be no facebook....
Audience comment: Work needs to be grounded in what hospitals want, since we depend on them for data.
Tullamore Dew not mix with anything
1 paper down, 2 to go, all for my stupid C chem class
Great job, Kay. See you at the Clasico in Munich ;- ). Cheers!
your the man vince.
Long story, but um... a secret admirer. X)
nothing quite like crying while getting a blowjob.
Another bus adventure. Hope it ends well & wish I had a car.
This is so fucking dumb. I am so mad right now dude.
#idontunderstandwhy women say they like someone with a sense of humor, yet the minute you crack a joke they tell you to grow up.
Both performances on Saturday, February 6th and Sunday, February 7th have been CANCELLED. Please call 703-548-9044 to exchange your tickets.
:'( RT : Thank you Dick Clark for all of your contributions to entertainment. Rest In Peace!
bonjour! Do u have anything fun happening at the tasting room tomorrow afternoon? ;)
makes me wanna too! Love to you Lenny Green!! :--)
shame about all the errors in the story, though
LOL did you see the video justin bieber put up on facebook? Hahhahahahaha.
SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS!!!!!!!!
3. I like dick and vagina at the same time
im deciding between white solos & justbeats. she said i could get em but shes tryna talk me out of it at the same time! lol
don't forget about us <3
Wasn't overly concerned with him there...but...like JD said, not the best pitch selection in that situation... C'est la vieu...
The Lions have just been made into gumbo. Put a top on this one
Noble Romans<33
Crime thrillers involved pros; murder dramas were amateurs - before noir was coined- great point by Eddie Muller
I'm so sick of people having these crappy little moods and taking it out on me
I know, it's brilliant. Rode in a rubbish care this morning, tho.
If anyone besides my true friends saw me when I get really tired lets just say no one would talk to me.
now that it is october 30, i guess it will be today.. but since i havent gone to sleep yet, it will be tmrw. unc is on monday (:
#Flyers show great puck movement on the PP and pull back to within a goal. It's amazing how many great games we have had already
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
They evacuated everybody and we stood in the cold wind for a while until they gave out refund tickets. So yay Avengers! Sigh.
Not doing shit for class
Damn, I need to keep better track of when starts their new Undercover series! Checking Lucero's Bowie cover now.
LORD JESUS
what were they talking about?
Thanks for the follow, Ray. I recognize you from hearing Elaine talk about you. Glad to be connected here.
i only won the prize for the most entries, i think lol
thank you for following me! I'm new to twitter as you can see. :) I am also following you now, God bless you!
I want #76 to do well because their assistant coach Brain James is a good friend of mine
CAN THEY PLAY IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN PLEASE?! <333
I’ve just never gotten used to the cracking and popping sounds brought about by manual adjustments
Ugh I'm sick :/
"Treat a man as he is & he will remain as he is. Treat a man as he can & should be & he will become as he can & should be." - J.W Von Goethe
Yum! Oh I mean Yes I am! ": Are you following ? You should so I can win dinner there!"
thank you sir. doing so now.
Goal!!! Go caps! all fireball all the time!
today is my best friend 's 15th birthday; she's a huge fan and would love a shout out xx
yes... And I have apple care, that means something, right?
You bet!
First time on southwest. Seems like its the first time for a lot of people.. flying in general.
we are one of your customers. Would you like to support us and fix this 18 month old issue with your company?
I will do
that's awesome!! You should put them all together for a book! Sell that stuff!
Hm i like da new me...but @ times i feel da old me fightin 2 cum out an play.....lmao
and pepperonis have overtaken pizza! amazing...
My time has been passed viciously and agreeably at thirty-one so few years months days hours or minutes remain that 'Carpe Diem'
I just had to walk out to the car in the rain and hail 
11 hours straight of studying , No sleep at all , now I'm on my way to school to take my 4 exams .t0_0t. Currently on coffee
To quote : "Is this really happening?"
Marilyn Johnson "It makes me crazy when i hr r president mention economic recovery but i dont hr the word libraries"
you just had to go and include Justin Beiber... fuck you
I really don't quite get this twitter site?How do you know who is the real guy? i.e Shquille Oniel.Bear with me,I'll get it.
oh, i thought you meant they were all in PGH, and I was wondering where I can find these things.
Thank you Rick, James, Sal, Fred, Xavier, Anthony, Nicoli. And TY for being a consistently outstanding team member!
Just a rookie.
haha. have so been there! have a great holiday, ryan!
-- I think the day I see a promoted tweet is the day my account is deleted. Bring it!
Those are awesome! A definite YES
I send the nicest 6 page message and get "K." as a reply. Fucking great! -_-
you take it too far.
When a Mexican man's gf refuses 2 sleep w him unless he can smuggle her in2 the US he'll do anything 2 get across the Borderline
Anyone know a good Volvo repair shop in the dc area?
Can bring food and water in the ballpark. Greater selection of food in the ballpark, including salad which would...
A minute's success pays the failure of years. 一瞬の成功は多年にわたる失敗から
I see you have a brewing buddy. :) Cheers!
This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds. Read this again but don`t say sex."
Thank you all for the RTs!
I already use lists, but even in there, I want to look at frequent tweeters and balance their value, just to neaten things up.
send to
I really enjoy watching the Packers lose, especially if it makes things that much easier for the 49ers to reach the Super Bowl next week!
PFFFFFFFFFFFT. +1 for having built in Beats.
The #GOP tried using the DEFENSE SPENDING bill to take rights away from gay soldiers? SOLDIERS? You people are disgusting.
They might not sell out straight away, so you might be able to
RT to RT : 30 followers away from 2,000...Let's get there by the end of the month OK?
First kaiseki - so far so good!
1 Million quanity of anything is alot. But so little at the same time.
wishes The best of luck in WSOP event #17 #WSOP #WSOP17 T.I.D.!
Love that a #livingwage bill was passed for people living in nyc.
I always love reunions between Claudia Joy and Michael. Gets me every time!
Reading Assholes Finish First with the Little Mermaid playing in the background. Too ironic.
Looking forward to 2nite w/ special guests live & direct from Down Under The madness starts at 10pm
Thanks for the shout out...turn it up!
is this a rap verse.
GOD DAMN AM I READY FOR A BEER. Eff a 12 hr shift on Xmas
The day the world stopped spinning was the day I met you 💗
depending on where u sit
I concur...lol
Yes Susan Eisenhower's blog is rich indeed. She calls for "respect."
Bingo tonight at 7 !!
I've had the same experience with rush orders!
No sir. We accept from any nationality, as long as the writing is English. Naturally.
Congrats to 17 year old who's song "The Look" charted #20 on the iTunes Country Chart in Germany.
happy 5th birthday ! thank you for the many wonderful items that now live in my closet, and for my 20% off treat today :)
follow it would mean a lot to her and mee(:
Would also have liked to see an ASL interpreter or the presentation up on big screen, to make this session more accessible
Police scanner on, camping head lamp beside my bed, full body Columbia rain slicker in case I need to go outside
Are you guys talking about the #MoreThanThisMusicVideo?
Fun Fact Friday: U.S. residents logged 1.5 billion person-trips for leisure purposes in 2009.
Today is my 14th Birthday!! Follow me?! <33
Covered the event for the f.i.l.m. project. I forgot how nice it is just to take photos and not worry about names, captions, and deadlines
Got a lot done already this morning. Now having a little stall out because I don't want to go out in this pouring rain.
#GreekHumor RT : Engineer in a bar: "1.0E20 root beers!". Bartender: "That's a root beer float". E: "In that case, make it a double"
Happy birthday Jackie! IT'S FINALLY YOUR DAY! The other 364 belong to
I need some magic rub for yesterday.
Lucy Slinger from the transit center...
are you going to be in minneapolis?
Considering making Geek Spelling Lesson a regular thing. I feel like Spider-Man, Iron Man, & Eccleston are just the tip of the iceberg...
The "Jab-step" may be the most underrated move in basketball...
Lmao, who got sumn on my water bill??? Lbns
Everybody talks, everybody talks, everybody talks. 🎶
Can't wait to see what the #Texans do RT No big shocker for the 1st 3 picks Luck, RG3, and Richardson
-- okay, i'm not the real , but we're both really talented ;D
It's lunch time #NABshow! What's everyone doing? Let's grab a drink and meet up!
Productive meeting of The Inn Group today @ Franklin Inn Mexican Restaurant. Purposeful networking at its finest!!
Every dog has its day, every day has its way of being forgotten
Two Armenian ladies get on a bus in Glendale holding hands. driver: "excuse me, are you lesbian?" "no, I am seropian, she is mirzakhanian"
omfg when will that be? I turn 18 in August
aw thanks =) <3
thank you we need them.
some ppl make me so mad! its your job, and also ur job to fix it.
oh no ur cool :)
I'm not doing #sxsw this year so i guess i'm not missing anything
time to cross the streams! marshmallow man on the shandor building on bravo RIGHT NOW!
is most defanilty ready for may 19th!
Our guitar player is choking -.-
Please reply. :s
Woke up, fell out of bed, dragged a comb across my head. Found my way downstairs and drank a cup, and looking up I noticed I was late
Find ur niche... Don't replicate others...
"Turn a blind eye and a deaf ear every now and then, and we get on marvelously well." Martha Wilmot: Impressions of Vienna, 1819-1829
Just voted to re-elect Mike Wiggins Jr. Chairman of Bad River Tribal Council
I am very disappointed in that comment Mr. Walton! What would coach Wooden think about what you just scribed in permanent ink
Every time I tell someone I just turned 21 they say "Damn I thought you were older" lol
2 of 2--Continuing: Jeff Who Lives At Home, The Artist, We Need to Talk About Kevin, In Darkness, A Separation
Worst pass in basketball history
Thanks for the shotout!
If you do not have a Visa, a Green Card or citizenship in the US and are currently living in the country, you are subject to deportation
Educate a Girl: Change the World. Gender Equality Very Important
hey u!! Tweet tweet baby gull! ; )
Hi Everyone, AMAZING new buy and sell website launching very soon :)
“: #IslamTaughtMe that I am an abomination and unnatural.” <<<Religion is Unnatural & Fundamentalism an Abomination.
Whats that bro?
All gardening is landscape painting ~ William Kent
Test Tweet
: "I have a good working relationship" with leaders of assembly and senate
Dear , I miss you!! Just thought you and my followers should know! <3
them niccas holla how u do that there...
we could likely end up at more than 10 but couldn't really decide which ones even on the "Fans Choice" option, to plan for early.
it'd be a hot seller in Catlanta
will there be a meet& greet after the june 24th show?
I know tell me about it I live like 5 min from there in the next city
this shit is fucking sick, dude. very nice.
Never have I ever given birth. YOU LOSE, MOM!
The Red Baron's greatest achievement was definitely his pizza. It knows no enemies, and only fought for deliciousness during WWI
We've got a full house for Capt. Mark Kelly's visit to SJC South next Tues. Thanks to everyone involved. Looking forward to his story.
thanks Hjalmar! Be on the lookout for more interviews to come in the future
You're a dork but I love you :)
any idea if JFK or LGA are closing tomorrow?
naw send ma ya # number again yo
omg Arthur trying to cook dinner
"The only journey is the journey within." Rainer Maria Rilke
Reduced SHORT $GBPUSD for +33 pips profit; 15% of the community volume is trading the GBPUSD with sentiment 39% SHORT
that's a good deal
If your not or leave me the hell alone Im not in a good mood
And you're our new favorite Elise! Don't tell all the other Elises. Good luck on finals.
Help us defeat Walker, America, and Wisconsin will help you defeat Romney.
is about to watch the star of 'i survived a japanese gameshow", Linda Plaxen, kick some serious ass! Go Linda!!
Uh, oh, we're open and here comes Joe towards his computer, see you later.
I believe I did at 10:12.
Tons of production Ef-ups. Kind of embarrassing.
Totally Rocked Out Cosmic Charlies, we hope you enjoyed it and hope to do it again soon!
M hot shower before bed= ultimate relaxation
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'm poor please pay for me lol
yeah Blake u need to work on some baseline/post moves this summer
I'm going to take a shower fuck this
A DATS WATS UP UM LISTING 2 U FROM PGH PA ON SHADE 45 RADIO U KILLING,EM KEEP DOING U
SOPA/PIPA opponents spent ridiculous money on that 3 week campaign.
swedish boat trips
Look like a hoe, smell like a hoe, act like a hoe? What is it?
Getting ready for work....
Met a lot of people who visited Congress on the first #saveservice district day can't wait for them to mobilize again this summer
lmfao haha it might take a few days but let's do it, oh wait there electric though:/ lol
I don't care what you think; "eventification" is totally a word.
#CampCharlie -in-exile reoccupies State House this evening! See you at 5 PM for the Grand Re-Occupation!
Its not easy to not show someone that they hurt you, but I refuse to give someone that power over my emotions.
Couldn't ask for a more beautiful day in #ROC! Love the summer sun. Not ready for Fall, definitely not ready for Halloween candy displays.
e: You won't have to listen to me blast 11:11 in my room anymore. Mom: thank god! Me: ..now you can hear Say Somethin!! *sings* Mom: Omg...
Bullying is no longer a problem its becoming an epidemic. :(
On Pacific time and up way too early...
Yes. Today I Googled Google Translate. I have absolutely no shame in saying this.
lol Yup Yup.. I miss my son and family a lot
I need followers for my blog! it looks empty lol www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com I post updates on how my Prague Trip Fundraiser is doing =)
The banana smoothie I just made > 👍😍✨
Happy Birthday Hitler!!!!... And Mrs. Pfiefer!
Pretty sure whoever is doing 's wardrobe on is a BIG fan of
I know there is a lot of debate around her views but If she can help a child w/ autism have a voice, I would welcome her support
So we get Stoke? Not exactly "stoked" for it, if you ask me.
you suck hahah. I miss Hollister, I better be on the schedule next week
It looked like Cobb was surprised he didn't get hit right away...
Day 2 of the Social Media Summit. Been here for 30 mins & already learned lots! Looking forward to the rest of the lineup.
Calling my #XMEN co-leader, to the danger chat room!
Surprised the shit out of me... And then them identifying as one just blew my mind.
really? All I remember is the fortune-telling genie thing.
My iPhone screen is so cracked its cutting my thumbs when I tweet.
That's telltale when your conception of "defend us" begins with the military. I guess "we" don't negotiate with anybody.
take a nappy!
“: #NationalSiblingDay love my bro and my sis ” Love y'all too!!!!
you know you're on facebook too much when you want to "like" a coworkers email (just read the one you sent aha)
Sunny & Nice in Downtown SF - weird
Check out the updates at www.rlimaging.com
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left. -Hubert Humphrey
My Attitude Is Celibate, I Don't Give A Fuck!
Stick together, everything works out
You're online now? Where are you? Aim? FB? Keep me awake! Its 3 am here!
Does this mean there is a reconciliation??
And by "keep in touch" I mean grow the fuck up.
yo sister be textin your main man me!
sounds like one team TOO MANY to me SMDH !!!
tY kind kitties :) You are woofsome :)
Guys that walk around thinking every girl wants them, make me wanna hurl.
Thank you for your #FF support , , , ,
Im finally at the BlackBox thing, where the hell are you?!
Time for some motherfucking Avengers!!!
it's as if they can't read the signs that say no cellphones. Obvious why they are talking loudly and not testing quietly
Doing some work at Starbucks.
yea UNC...dominated from start to finish.
RT Be tall in your uniqueness allowing your life to radiant with your array of colours and joy.
Happy. Joy
How are all my Tweeps doing? i require engagement!
Saw this at Seattle Rep a couple years ago and can totally vouch for its amazingness. Woodard is wonderful!
Smart phones have become a necessity. =P
Way to go Detroit Lions. 5 & 0
everything will be ok :)
Name and number?
yes, your going to get confused
Diggin on u, diggin on me...
Oh what a pleasant evening tallyho old boy Baaaaaah
Tonights going hard ! Then tomorrow
Soo bored thinking about doing laundry and cleaning. Seeing if I hear from you tonight..?
Kate Upton, Jeremy Lin, Jeremy Lin. Most amazing consecutive three covers in SI history?
so does this mean you're comin to my place before the show in Columbus on June 6th
I need a girl tht is real
Ok cotton got two in a row
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't stop smiling and you look like a homo because of it. #NoOffense lol.
oh god lol
I Cried When Jonas Brothers came to Arg. :} ♥
Jeff Van Gundy actually taught all of his players that exact karate-chop-to-the-throat move.
I signed!! I hope 1D does end up on Ellen!! Good Luck!
bed>school
Follow Me? ♥
thanks, Charles! Are you getting it in at Faire tonight?
it took a minute, but I got it lol..I mean I uderstand what you meant *wink*
RT We all need to set aside time 4 #vacation, to prevent burnout, "compassion fatigue" Join us at 1 ET today
i really dislike this english packet.
I hope is doing find.. he is a good man n i kno his granma is looking over him.. he gonna be just fine!
I still believe in , but any more than 3 losses next year, & he'll have failed to move the ball far enough downfield.
Enjoy the end of 2011; looking forward to a terrific 2012!
Honestly, what an excellent and infuriating film!
#SignsYouLostAFight you wake up with a black eye... But the other person doesn't have a scratch on them
Off to Personal Training; no rest for the fit wannabes
I GOT MY HANDS ON SUM OF DAT MONKEY SHYT! AND DEAR PISS! TYME 2 GET WASTED!
god morning(:
My hair does NOT look like the hair on the crimper box.
Try To Keep Your Head Above Water, They Wanna See a Nigga Capsized
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :MEGU let Egg find in the middle of "walk".
My Alisha keys pandora radio station>>>>>
Dude! Come stay with me! :)
Whhhhhhhyyyyyyyyy, must my job always mess up my check???!!!!! Ugh!! 
JERSEY SHORE is back on january 5th. Yeah buddy;)
you ever do one in Seattle? I'd like to go!
Can't sleep. Never thought I would want to go to school this bad...
RIP Van Winkle
If I was a doctor I'd freak you in them scrubs/Sammy Sosa the booty call me Chicago Cubs
ugh me too ):
In the #Nashville area, #text ECIRCLETV to 90210 and be connected with the Spanish TV network. iZigg #mobile puts you in touch!
Wett Comes the ATL wit da hottest X male review. Wii and Playstation givaways. For more info go to WETINAT.COM
everyone knows ! She is twitter famous and if u dont know harley, U need to get out from underneath that rock!
(Spencer Knoll) accepting his nomination for Governor of forward to an exciting year!
#Franchise on the mic = GOLD
Haha How Long Have You Had A Twitter?
finally done with English and government :)
A woman with an enlarged clitoris can arguably engage in "heterosexual" sex with both of the main genders.
This project I have due Monday would've been a breeze if my granddad was here. He could've told me everything I needed to know.
Today's Feature: Asian Salad w/ mixed greens, cucumbers, tomatoes, glazed chicken breast, pistachios, sesame vinaigrette & wonton strips
This GM search needs to end soon. This is the 3rd time has taken the card board cutout of Pat Gillick to bathroom with him today.
Lee Iaccoca used to enjoy his Sundays, but on Sunday night he planned his entire week, except for Sat & Sun, which he spent with his family.
hey liz sorry I'm like at the verge of knocking out so if I don't write back you know why lol
I go to a new Starbucks one time and the guy remembers my name the next day. My usual place STILL doesn't after a year. Sold!
did the M's think maybe to make Fister, in his first start back from the DL, throw as many pitches as early as possible tonight?
PM Showers
What a surprise, the Colts went with Andrew Luck. Also someone just pinned him.
Universal today! I think with Seth & Liam!❤
of course it's from !! Too cute! They have the best!
Moving soon... and realizing all these DVDs I have, are no different than the graveyard of VHS tapes found at garage sales.
oh I will be in my new apt downtown
Yay Sandusky! If you guys are ever in the area - stop by at the library!
#ARathletes, did you compete this weekend? Tell us how you did!
15 days after the order or 15 days after that email?
Leaving the plantation only to become a sharecropper hahaha
Samsung iCloud Competitor Will Apparently Debut Alongside Galaxy S I. Sigh. - Gizmodo
Lol I could have a Top 3! My #1 team got knocked out so #Boston and #OKC it is punk
let's plan accordingly w/
So is spelling.
The Plan B is sleeping in my friend's car.
Tuesday evening. Nearly 100 young people gathered House to talk about issues that matter to them
thank you, dear! xo
why dontcha lay down an sleep Earl, ain't it dark wrapped up in that tarp Earl? #hey :)
Haha, true that!
Good take by bob costas on -sanders did it right! Don't celebrate til you win
Puss & Boots would be a great name for a strip club.
have a blessed work day. Lets go!!!
Thanks for nothing bud ;)
i'll tell you. text me!
Excited to see & it's been to long
im gettin drunk tonight!
"Mac World" in many places is proven long-term savings for company's IT costs. but upfront investment needed.
RT : If was 1 of the Jeopardy answers tonight, the question had to be "What is the most amazing college in the US?
thanks for the heads up! Had not seen the new website. Very, very cool!
Civil unions bill killed in #Colorado. Yeah, I'm sticking to the moving plan.
Seeking an Associate Librarian in #LA! The Librarian will provide administrative assistance, including acting as the interim head libraria…
Thanks for the feedback!
T-shirt Guys will only be our Brand of pre-printed shirts available online or in store! starting today!
Very busy in Vegas tonite!
had an awesome time last night ...oh boy NYCers are intense lol
I can't take credit. Just relaying PJ wisdom. I'm with you about ! He's amazing, no doubt.
Ever notice how in movies and stuff the 911 operator is like 90% if not always a woman?
so where did you all go once you got kicked out
To all my Wednesday degenerates it was a great night thanks for your help making it the best night of the week
#redline delay northbound. We're going "over the top" at Chinatown due to "activity".
not the biggest fan of but i have to admit boyfriend is a amazing song got me hooked on it !
Have a great show, boys!
el caminos are definitely cooler than rancheros, but why does one need a station wagon with the back cut off?
HANK IS COMING HOME TODAY!
Holy shit need to stop trying to text and drive. I can spellz for realz.
Way behind with films. Safe House supposed to be good, as is Woman in Black. Date night, or what?
Shining the day away at The Loews Hotel in Miami for the SIOR Conference!
Pan sauteed Salmon w/herb butter, white wine, lemon & touch of Cream. Watch SINGLE CHEF on www.theroomlive.com Mon Nights 6pm Pacific time:)
Damn... Sorry homie
I'm not good enough for you .... I though we was kool .
hey miss lady, how ya day been goin
Also I have to share that bf said adams low register in Runnin was pretty impressive.
First practice since the band back in Texas going down today. New music! Looking forward to next week
awesome chris
#nowplaying "Yellow Brick Road" by Josiah Bell.
I have to be there at 8. Blehhh.
Time to head out for allergy testing. Keeping our fingers crossed for minimal reactions.
Gah! Bodies suck, sometimes.
Lykke Li is today's soundtrack.
Book Sale The museum will sell exhibition posters, gently used art periodicals, journals & more. From 9:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. April 20.
yes it was they rocked!
thats kind of all
Backlash from that wack azz album RT Is it true Nicki Minaj deactivated her twitter?! hm i wonder why...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TBAG :)
every Saturday at the ruins on Providence. Biggest dubstep weekly in new England!
hey, do u still have Eyes Cream - Fly Away on cd or ripped?
Good luck on the tedTalk! Can't wait to watch it online!
Good morning
Learning about resources for business success at the Rochester Museum and Science Center.
Thanks for the follow and shout out. Have a good one!
...aside from escape from L.A.!
Me too you
Now you sound #brandnew, ZsaZsa. But, I get it. Do your thang. No hate,
except to convictions of honor and good sense.
sick demo! Game play feels slower than 10! Almost NHL 94 like!!!
What a great day for Fresh Bistro Seafood Boil tonight, $25 a person for a feast!!!
Collection development is as much about community perception, as it is about general book knowledge.
U have to see the video premiere of not just you by !!! Its amazing!!!!!!
you should RT latest
Calling a taxi in Texas is like calling a rabbi in Iraq. Fran Lebowitz
Pens rumors today: Bean willing to waive NMC says he doesn't like DB's system according to MM
Just had our first actual band practice.. things are really coming along. come to the battle of the bands this friday and check us out!
who is your life pointing to the worship of..yourself or the Lord?
Morning ❤ school time
Just figured out that out off all of us boys I'm the only one who's a bastard child..
cant wait to see the finished video!
glad you are doing well - the #Pats need you!
I'm seriously going to have grey hairs by the time I'm 25.....
is at still at work! Trying to figure out what to give up for Lent! Hm?!
Could be more witty and charming? Thx for the insights into ME.
No surprise here. RT : Landry Fields tried to punch the same fire extinguisher, but missed.
Really wish I could take a nap before this awards dinner tonight 💤💤
Oh gosh. Any suggestions? I watched the videos and am officially terrified!!
who was it then?...haha...
Me too. I would be thankful for the library in my life, even if I didn't work here.
That sucks about the TDF tour dates! :( .... Thank you for all the FF love! <3
o no contra el Salvador!
you wish your mom warned you about girls like me
i can wait 4 the new episode of
Gotta love days that start at 5 am.
ZOMG INBOX ZERO! Time for sushi!
Glad they didn't cash that rent check yet.
Welcoming United As One- a new citywide Friends group dedicated to playgrounds. Call 4436212567 for more info.
that's apple creating jobs in America.
Ran 5 mi. before coming to work for 11 hrs. and wouldn't even wake up early -__-
I swear the music at this cafe is *exactly* what I'm listening to at any given moment.
had a wonderful time playing with Ursula Holliger last night! Special thanks to Prof. Arthur Jaffe for his gracious hospitality.
Play will resume at 7:45am tomorrow morning.
Never let the opposite sex take u away from ur real children lol what u do to a child while they young they don't forget it
idk what time? And i msgd u reply to it.
Barbara didn't really say that, now did she?
Make it a good Monday ! Happy Monday tweeps :)
happy birthday :)
likewise I'm proud to say i'm a Florida State Seminole but could not care less about every company ive worked for (not owned) in the past
Finished, just in time for #MadMen :)
hahaha does anyone know why he cheap shotted him?
Just wow!
Please reply with a link to your favorite #blog all topics welcomed
Hey, fellow runners: DRINK WATER! Wow, I thought I was drinking enough water. nope! 20 miles on Saturday and the rest of the weekend, sick
everyones changing . . S/O to yall
& I will see you again!!
No one can promise things to BOTH or ALL sides forevah.
Thanks for the update.
with 16 candidates on the ballet and 7 write-ins, we asked Mr Miller why is he running? And the answer we got was not short and sweet,
Females Fall To Easy ,,I want Something I Can Work For!.
bought out for $58 mil. I say is still the premier company in the space. Can't beat superb client support.
of course boo
got my top braces. ow. lawd jesus omg it hurts so bad omg. help me lawd jesus.
I swear, I feel like crying right now :'(
There's this thing called personal space ppl!
or mad at sum people
Sumtimes I wanna get away, 2get away but to be sumthing diff frm where I am today!
Hey fans we have 2 seats open for Sunday Antidote, the bidding will start at $15 See menu below.
The term Tweet Up makes me want to spit up.
There are a few reasons why I love #JoeyVotto. He hit 3 home runs tonight including a walk off homer, but he's also smoking hot!! 🔥👍
#funfact... we are trying to get to follow us so we can have "officially cool/ super GW" status
I wanna see one!!
yes, dedication = ROCKY ! : : Pure Cardio after 8 PM is the definition of dedication.
hahaha well last month it was in the 80s and this winter has been pretty awesome..it's fun u should come up
Getting naked in a parking garage for the third time today.
The Valentines Day Bat Giveaway is now closed. We will be picking a winner within the hour and emailing to let you know. Good Luck!
Have you ever noticed how "most" coaches are successful with their teams? It's because they are up close and personal with their message.
Twitter is turning into Myspace with this "You won't believe what this person said about you..." nonsense!
super congratulations!!!
#ItsCrazyHow time flies by
The last couple weeks we have talked a lot about multi-page funnels. What do you think is the best use-case for them
Blacklatern in the house
haha i love your impression of sean paul. hahaha :)
2morrow night! 3LittleBirdsSalon presents artist/photographer Rachel Inman. 6pm-9pm @ the salon, see u there!
what's up? How is LA for ya?
Irish Spring
yayyyy(: I needed a change
"I'll Be Seeing You" is a popular song, with music by Sammy Fain and lyrics by Irving Kahal. The most popular... fb.me/1046ljilS
“: Blasting on the way to work! Arizona, I'd like to introduce you to Farraday. Farraday, Arizona.” oh hey AZ!
#Knicks are playing awful. So ugly
Captain Skyro Launch Trailer: Captain Skyro is now available on Google Play and the App Store! Read and ...
But I am not dead. Don't anyone think that. See how I am on the internet machine here? You have to be alive for that. As far as I know.
Ready for dinner? Let us cook for you tonite. Sunday you can do the cooking.
OWSUpdate Thanks for the follow!
This is what I get for staying up past 1 every night last week.
Eating, planning, & creating, because I could. Surviving the Mega-Tour, the epic sundae with
I just realized it was. Thought today was sunday for a second... He needs to win tomorrow bad!
What! Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
Link for the minibook doesn't seem to be working
And the side goes down in order with one of the worst hitting displays ive seen from the O's in one inning through this entire ssn.
Macy's is celebrating Brazil...NOT SHOCKED!
lol...i like ur drunk tweets
By the way, where'd you get all those photos took at Volstead?
See I don't like cats so I ain't down wit all that lion stuff
Finally finished The Road by Cormac McCarthy.
Lmfao "are we done.. I have chipotle I have to eat"
Wow the Lakers let OKC come back like that
If I left grilled chicken wrapped in tinfoil, is it no good now?! #spoiled?
Bout to buy chinese food... :)
If you were to try a FRUIT SALSA would you like it to be mild or hot? How about sweetness? Any responses are greatly appreciated!
Lmfaooooo. I'm laughing inside. I can't.
why is that
#Foodforthought Joe Johnson walks away from the loaded 2010 free agent class with the biggest contract...
#top5songsofalltimeforme chasing cars- snow patrol
#userfocus what drives devs crazy: all the things we forgot to communicate in the UX of rich Internet apps.
this is my new teen people magazine. learning all the sexy secrets of the youngens
Former Miss Universe Canada contestant JENNA SUES Miss Universe ORGANISATION FOR DISCRIMINATION AGAINST TRANSWOMEN!
Good Morning from your biggest admirer!! (And Twitt Stalker). XOXOXOXO
Realizing getting a good cup of coffee so far in Poland is a challenge...
Can't wait to see Leslie tomorrow
That is NOT even a set of real letters. Is that blog trying to weed out every commenter but aliens?
Catching up on ! It's been too long.
man I am ripping through this homework like rips farts after a late night stop at the Taco Bell drive thru
#oomf said, its a rainbow!!.... and its in the sky lol.
Thinking about picking up roller bladding
I will
I completely understand. I worked 3rd shift & all I could think about was my babies & if they were ok. It drove me insane.
8 am. Time to write.
Piano Player ✔ Singer ✔ Dancer ✔ Composer ✔ Songwriter ✔ Inspiration ✔ Idol ✔ Role Model ✔ Talented ✔ Hooker ✔ = Lady Gaga ♥
Cant wait for my new logo! These veggies are starting to drive me crazy :)
i knoe rite
#FrozenPlanet, OMG. And Alec Baldwin. Although he could narrate pure gibberish and I would listen lovingly.
ORCHESTRAL MANOEUVRES IN THE DARK - Turner Hall Ballroom - Sunday, September 25 - 7PM DOORS!
It was good
Be something funny to go along with your personality! =)
I hate running. just made me go too far 👎🏃
What have been some changes to your diet that have worked for you?
Can not Keep the New "SNOCLOTHING" American Rebel's T-Shirt's in Stock. Next Shipment March 2012, Orders yours...www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Shout out to all the wonderful nurses out there!!!! Thank you for all you do!!!
who said dat??
Merry christmas to <3 I love him :)
From Shakespeare's lost archives: MacTest.
u want a walkie talkie
Wondering where to watch the fight?
Feeling like the ugliest person ever !
What do Portland mayoral candidates think of potential candidate PPB Chief Mike Reese's handling of Occupy Portland? KGW @ 5 & 6.
maybe a little haha
when you have free time just let me know I'll help you!
“: Do it like Big Sean or go home like E-40.” this is plagiarism. I'm callin SOPA on you bro.
Sit on the floor, holding a book, in a room full of 5 year olds, and prepare to be surrounded. There are no reluctant readers at that age.
Happy Tuesday from #MarkStuartDance! Great weekend and now getting all geared up for the #JacobPillow festival!
3 more followers and we are set for our announcement!! #Living Dangerous
Jack Hemings demanded to serve in a black unit rather than a white one in WWII, saying he wanted to be true to himself.
We would be happy to talk to you about doing a story for
you are literally the funniest person ever. <3
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness. - Dalai Lama
they rock.. no doubt about it.
Home bitches!
That feeling you get when you realize you'll have a bad ending for the year because Jason won't notice you.
call my cell and join the discussion!
Love waking up after a good sports night #NYRPlayoffs #Mets and my boy Todd Frazier is back in the show
If you like Bloody Marys, be at Sac Jazz Jubulee Turntable Junction 11 AM on Sun. 5/24 for the Bloody Mary Contest .
don't ever remember u asking me a ? man. Now how silly do u feel. But since u think I'm stuck up u won't b gettn any help from me!
We live in a world built on promises, constructed by liars
Facebook buys instagram for 1 billion
I had no idea Laredo had a festival! Any YA authors?
whatever :p
Haha glad I could help lol how are you by the way ? I miss my daily hello kitty pics too Lmao
not right now lol
Lowercase after a colon! RT : If you are my friend: Feel free to correct my grammar and word usage. If I don't know you: Don't.
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition
I'd like to be anything you want, hey boy will you follow me??(;
Thank you for the RTs, and !
ha, makes sense. Actually I doubt many will, prob just ur team. Also may be reason it's long
no you did
Glad to see this welcome!
also, clearly this is all about me...
This week for dinner/starters: GRILLED LAMB MEATBALLS, smoked chocolate beurre blanc, zucchini gaufrete
Huge #Bucks loss, incredibly disappointed
Today in Literary History: On April 25, 1719 Daniel Defoe's THE LIFE AND STRANGE ADVENTURES OF ROBINSON CRUSOE was published.
Tired and just watching a movie. Had along day.
why you so cool?!
Interesting finding on Buyer's Remorse: The act of holding something before we buy it makes us more satisfied with our purchase.
Preparing for this weekend's gumbo fest during the #nflplayoffs. Can't wait!
