I'm not going to let any one affect me like this again not even him
no problem! And you too enjoy it and stay safe!
If you can't CHANGE the people, change the PEOPLE. I'm reminded of Jim Collins' "right people on the bus" concept.
Lately whenever we put the baby to bed, our dog insists on staying with her, lying on the floor next to her crib. Sweetest thing ever.
With mushrooms?
Oh no! Not a fan of either. Hope you make it there soon!
Thanks for the follow, Margaret! What's your latest cop class?
Hearty congrats in order for one Patrick Connolly, founder of ChampionOfBirds, for being accepted to Boston University's MFA poetry program!
stop it. HOW COULD I FORGET?! 💜💜 AH I'm pumped
Follow who once bought me three 5 hour energies for my 12 hour overnight drive from Appleton, WI to Buffalo. Straight Baller!
Flacco! Holly shit! Joe Cool for president! Man, he had to win that game 3 times and he did it!
Darn! I just started enjoying my new iPad 2. Thanks to you Mr. Steve Job. May the Good Lord Bless you and your family.
lucky ass(:
#Trivia coming up in a few! 1st and 3rd people w/ correct answer win a $10 GC. Remember you must be local and please only answer once :)
#astd2012 the x factor of leadership is NOT personality! -Jim Collins
Haha RT : #cancers are alluring.. They know exactly what to do to make you want them and lures you into making a move
Can we pretend like it's Sunday night? Because that's what I feel like.
cute ass sexy girlSat
I'm so tired of the traditional love song... Every single genre.
Next step after gaining #marriageequality: getting the government out of the marriage business altogether.
woke up on some other shit.
Big tour coming up in May, summer- Bart knows better- in and out
Earl weaver baseball? I LOVED that game!!
exactly what I have preached in combination with that - read the safeties positioning presnap and post snap
I am not at school so I can't now, I have tomorrows
Just picture Keanu squeezing things into his brain in "Johnny Mnemonic" and you'll never forget how to spell it again.
Be at #OldeTownStadium at 7PM to see 'Surviving Hunger', 'Dr. Charles Stone and the Seven Trans-Dimensional Jumps' & 'Game Over'
I don't fuck with none these fluck ass niggas! I don't have or need friends! Fuck em.. Ain't nobody ever did shid but turn fake..
eff you I'm her favorite!!! Happy mothers day mama :)
*Prays for your soul* RT : RIP RT: : A Serbian Film...I'm about to watch it.
This may be bad timing, but Norway has some beautiful damn people. I still haven't seen a ugly person interviewed. Damn Vikings!!!
got any suggestions for a great year-end #fundraising email? any new angles?
Homework then practice
I dont know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
So full...better loosen
Corollary: the irony of career derailment is that it's often about the inability to recognize irony.
Go Wildcats! Incredible win. A great lesson in leadership through teamwork and humility. Congrats Cats!
Today's lunch special- OYSTER PO' BOY SANDWICH with french fries for $12.95 (served 11am to 6pm)
Fucking Third Eye Blind will forever be stuck in my head. I'm okay with this.
I luv it.....in my city
WES WELKER IS JOINING TWITTER! WES WELKER IS JOINING TWITTER!
Which is the best tourny to participate in next weekend in Houston?
mine was bigger
When were mad we play great or super sloppy let's see how this one pans out
Thats how you respect such a great guy
Hit me up on instagram
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
and Steve McQueen!
Actually can't seem to send you a DM. Email me at we can set up a time tomorrow.
J-Lo release party tonite! !
It would have to be tomorrow AM. Set-up is at 11am. Call or text me and we can pick something. Thanks
Maundy Thursday service this evening at 7pm in the Sanctuary. Hope you'll join us!
#AGuyShould Never make a girl fall for him unless he's willing to catch her
Who did you kill?
another W at home, 13-1! ": Oakland holds on for the 6-4 win. #SummitLeague sweep of Western Illinois. #gamedayOU"
Independent study: turned in. To do: interview pres., Hist of the Book paper, discussion posts, grading. Do, or do not. There is no try.
that bomb that you took today was awesome. I thought that was gonna be cash
maybe free plane tickets will be part of the bailout
whoopp are you home?!
Guitar lesson tonight and then my favorite dance class, CHOICE!!!
palisades with Antonia
Hanging with and at the Century City Mall!!
I had a runny nose attack today in French when it was dead silent in the room.
Ha, ha! Ever the entrepreneur. :-)
lmao fusho!! It was crazy how we both get the same shit or think about getting the same clothes aahhaabaha
Pray for what you want. We always get what we ask for. If you don't like what you have, you can change it.
Yea, it was crazy, right?! Me too!
Well look at that. Apparently today is our Twitter Birthday. This calls for a donut.
- Gen'l. contract advice is never give exclusive license to anyone. (But this leaves rights divided.)
I paint my nails when I should be studying. My nails have been 3 different colors this week. 2 more exams!
Are you suprised? ;)
Going Wakeboarding on the river in portland again..
In my bayou voice "dem dar gatahs gon bite ya in the go go"
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: State prison workers continue their protests over safety issues and low staffing; so what will Gov. Branstad do?
Nice! LA can switchback sometimes:)
Wade Henderson of Leadership Conference: Civil rights community opposes #ESEA because of "retreat on accountability," no targets
« « oomf get on my nerves!»»
In the end, family is gold. Need to take advantage of time.
Absolutely. First at #DISH2011, and then online.
just take a deep breath and ease your mind
What are you up to these days?
this is me replying to your finding me on twitter in under 140 characters.
I need a girlfriend...(to make me a sammichh)
Yeah the Dyson is good. It's not all marketing bullshit.
OK will do
My radio just said Louis had his ass insured cause it was so nice for $160,000... oh Louis.
RENT RENT RENT RENNTTTT
Tell a friend to get "The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses" on our site! It's the gift that keeps giving! :)
thank you for the inspiration. You are a true artist!
Don't be afraid to mix it up with patterns and colors...be bold not boring.
and where do you think you're goin!!!
Finally made it in the house.
Boi yu a pee on lil nigga. Lol yu would rather fight with the devil in hell over the last ice cube than to fuck wit me. Lol
American Me
"Never cut what you can untie."
ALWAYS get an extended warranty @ best buy. Ive been renewing the same warranty & have replaced my camera 4 times since 2006. Cost me zero $
? do people that are out of work celebrate labor day hit me up with comments
I had not seen that, thanks!
With God, its this way or that way.
I'd stay away frm BB. They're a dying breed. Android based phone or iPhone are the way to go.
RT : Hey! On which panel at the RIT conference is Glenn? // social media, 815am. You going Mark?
I Should Put Scarface As My BackGround Nbs
“Whether on the road or in an argument, when you see red, its time to stop.”
I would wager that as far as flopping goes, the most egregious offense is by those organizations tanking for picks.
Yeah, she took me to the CONCACAF games, so I'm returning the favor. :)
I know! Haha it's really bad!
Those who knew and loved Junior Seau say they didn't see this coming, there were no warning signs
we did run into her! She is off to kayak I hear!
Hey guys help me think of a dope production name with the word kisses or kiss in it
has there been research on effectiveness with adults. As a addiction Counselor its challenging using CBT, REBT, CT with adults.
Out of rehearsal! WOO!!
Come and see you us this weekend for the biggest Muay Thai fight,here the info www.shindokumate.com
RT Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7:30am - 8pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
Texting has ruined Human Interaction ...
you suck.
I do the same when I make lo mein. It's the same stuff hah
going to get my dress altered!
what about #kenyonmartinisathug?
Bus just fucking broke down
Tokyo ----> Hong Kong
What would happen if twenty people whole-heartedly sought God's truth through his word for a week? How would people be changed?
I'm hungry like the wolf and ready to Rock Out another Live SINGLE CHEF show. Join me @ www.theroomlive.com 6PM 6pm Pacific, 9pm eastern
Happy I did not get towed after parking in a construction spot... Going to an impound in the rain would've been the worst.
Working Non Stop #OnMyGrind to get tees out!! #Dope #fashion is rewarded to those of us who stay #Fresh on a daily basis
Two antennae got married. The wedding was okay..but the reception was amazing.
Cheap deals in Florida, contact us to get daily new listings in your inbox
Aaron!!!! I miss you my love!!!! you still haven't arrived at my house in a box yet :/ I will forever wait
All the cute guys are from Europe. <<<<
Well I did see your name listed on quite a few times...
FanTip #1: chanting that an All-Star sucks makes YOU look like an idiot. #2: Booing athletes for being injured makes you look like a jacka$$
,,,errbody go follow
Awww Ari.. :( I wish I could give you a huge hug right now! Hugs make everything better. :)
What happens between freshman and sophomore year that makes you stop wearing a lanyard around your neck?
just wanted to say that you are such an inspiration, keep doing what your doing
It's a joke
Oh my what a day.....I am done...pizza it is kids..don't you love mom....
What's the verdict?
Just realized I wasn't on today /
i eat hot cheetos with no water :)
Now take ya fucking clothes off baby *Weeknd voice*
I used to live on the 4th floor at 1630! Wild guess but this is probably the highest-rent meth lab ever.
It absolutely boggles my mind how anyone can think The Big Bang Theory is funny or entertaining.
I agree!
don't miss me too much. Maybe I'll call in a drunken stooper with Wesley.
RT : Ft Lauderdale area Jamaican Residents Save Big on Retail Rate International FedEx-Ups & DHL Air Shipping to Jamaica with us...
what are you working on?
i live in Pearlington, MS. It is right on the border line of louisiana. 1 hour away from new Orleans, 5 from Slidell. :)
I really hope you all delete your twitter accounts when you go to apply for jobs
But they both get you wet, if you're adventurous :)
welcome home bro
"You don't realize how much you care about someone until they don't care about you
#ItsCrazyHow People can talk about someone behind their backs but all up in their face the next minunte
You are ignorant, thats why no one will miss you.
Teaching done for the semester. Now I'm in grant writing mode. 'Tis the season!
We sell the agendas to bookstores, that's why they've gotta be planned months ahead. :)
Its hot at in this city tonight...
+ to local black pastors and community leaders. Looking at pics of that's child, there is really no justifying that type of brutality.
How was #craftup? I didn't get home until about 11 p.m.
Sad to hear about the passing of Davy Jones. He'll forever be the cute one from the Monkees who kissed Marcia Brady on the cheek. RIP
you texted me that?!!!
Pretty sure my landlady just folded all my laundry.
My home state is falling apart.
Wow! Does that person need a hug???
What was lost now is found, dirty n smelly but found and ok!
Whoa. What's up with frank Martin. That was weird.
Send a note/card to: A Recovering American Soldier c/o Walter Reed Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307
#artsummit #access Smart critique of access to mic, IFACCA responds right away, take the mic to you. Good job!
Thx for the shout out! You Rock :)
NICE! let me know how it is.
omg the fajitas look amazing, so much better than the super bland chicken I just had...ugh lol
hahaha yes I love the koala one! I don't have any more saved on my phone -__- lol
Sade - "Love Deluxe". Amazing.
It's amazing that I can use such big #words yet feel so...stupid.
Motivation... I'm full of that... Get yours cause I'ma get mine... via DreDynastyofFD
Mitchell Airfares Remain Low, But Gain Altitude
OH: "It's so sunny out, I want to go outside. I'm like a little child. On acid."
Spend little time on the "why of life!" No explanation can hold a candle to understanding thru experiencing...knowledge vs. wisdom.
hopefully I will be chill at lunch tomorrow, doubt it
panic attack has set in. This time tomorrow, I will be either drunk or sleeping
#np Diamond Girl - Ryan Leslie 😝😄
Great presentation and talk led by Em Sea Water at the UB session of CityLit Teens today! He covered poetry, spoken word, hip hop and more.
Bo held court...it was awesome.
The lasers are alive in ! on at 10:45!
RT : yes! (Enjoy Mother's Day w/family!)
#itmakesmesmilewhen I open my eyes in the morning laying on my back & I can see the ceiling & get up & know I'm a day closer to my goals.
How You Really Need To Wash Your Food — And Your Hands Yes, I agree that we should wash our fresh produce before we eat it because we d
Thx to whoever tweeted a line from Golden Girls theme earlier. Now I'll be humming that and thinking of Bea Arthur's man-voice all weekend.
yup you are correct in regard to the NJPS in Xml.... Good luck getting the rights to it though;)
Leaving soon for Emory. Planning meeting for 2013 Convention in Atlanta: American Association for the History of Medicine
Dang it's been a long day.. We finally got our new design finished last night so everybody is excited to see it on some shirts.
That happiness "state of mind"? I'm not in it today.
Best moment of yesterdays concert, when Marc took mt iPhone on stage and taped his new song. See video on FB.
Kings of Colorado - 2011 B&N Discover Great New Writers Pick!
Do your kids like gummi bears? Try our gummi bear tea! It's high in vitamin c!
I think it's about time we get together for lunch again! Let me know when you have time :-)
yes! I love u BFF!
That girl was kind of cute though wonder how old she is...
Thanks for the support. Stay tuned.
At the movies with the girls
Getting ready for the #shredathon toaday #nowlistening check them out if you haven't already.
Jake locker stays? Awesome
Times come where you need to rank work and school over other things, this is the time
Not all Asians can be charming like me.
hey girl
It's safe to say while finding old things I put everyone of my ex's through hell
The main character's new world can be a fantasy one. But there are still rules.
MLS' Don Garber in Orlando: "Yesterday’s U-23 victory vs Mexico is more important than beating Italy." (because what Olympics mean in USA)
IT'S 11:11 MAKE A WISH MAKE A WISH N SAY <3
turn in the last step of EH
“: how much Asgard face do you catch? #Thor”
Thank You for the follow suggestion
how did it feel
IndyCar's Brazil race is in the books. Will Power wins, good crowd in attendance. Big sponsorship presence by Nestlé Kit Kat bar.
Haha so was I.! I was so murked in this picture. :)
And before I leave I must say I'm obsessed with my nails. Now bye.
Welcome Back Carrie Underwood!!! Love you! :)
I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss you..”
Copyedits....shall I sprinkle in a few more f-bombs just to annoy (cause he never gets to use 'em?)
It's my phons bitch. Don't fucking touch it
I don't know how I missed this earlier, but how did Tony Blair not get an invite but Ian Thorpe did??
i was just gonna say.. there's an app for that
could u say that again I just like the sound of it!
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. A chance of showers. Mainly after midnight. Lows in the mid 60s. South winds 5 to 10...
Cool! Thanks!
that is kind of a mixed message.
I'll be on till tomorrow ;/
I miss those weekends when we would do the craziest things .
Been too long! Coming out to Colorado anytime soon?
Make sure you take a moment in between things to relax! I know it's go-go-go but sometimes it helps me think!
play a show while you're here! Pretty please?
Niggas that pickup money frm the floor and RE-RAIN hahhahaha WOW
So fun seeing your Tweets after meeting at NAIS!
i preciate bro.we got this rap game
We still need turkeys. Lots of people requesting Thx food boxes. Drop them off at 3 NW Third in pdx or 503-274-4483
Will Never know what i want untill I know what it is i don't need
ARE YOU FOLLOWING Do so at your own risk as I do not advocate all views tweeted about LOL
who knows lol
Ima marry this year. 😍
Joke: I'm Japanese & Jewish, which makes me a JAP JAP. Joke #2:"Whose line is it anyway?" -Wayne Brady doing coke w friends
Tryin this thing called sleep .
Haters have one advantage over me, they can kiss my ass, i can't...
thinking about traveling, need to get out of new york city, any suggestion?
No gamd today :(
I agree with all three statements!
Simon Pegg, Simon LeBon, & the annoying fellow from X Factor.
9:10 in "Oldie" is the most epic verse in my lifetime so far. by every meaning of the word tho
I'm not sure how I wanna feel about that...
EXPERT IF YOU MAKE YOURSELF EASY TO UNDERSTAND?
More #soccer Coachisms: This game has gone true to form. = We were overmatched from the first whistle.
Blue Bell ice cream :3 >
DAMN YOU MEAN TO TELL ME BOSH MEAN THAT MUCH TO THE HEAT??.
you're awesome!
Two bitches
thanks for sharing. Topic close to my heart.
lmao cut my veins and it's pure blue baby
YEA SHUT UP LOL
happy birthday sexy mama
I was commenting on what a guest had said on the
baby ur my heart n I wud do anything to keep yu happy. Muah mi amor
#Rangers game tonight. Get to watch Beckett pitch. Still gotta root for the home team, cuz if they don't win it's a shame, #leggo Rangers!
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom. ~Hannah Arendt
Are you still part time?
Thanks Nolan and , appreciate all of the support from our team!!
damn... take me back to the 80's and high school. #imissthe80's
thanks for the #loyola updates. A great addition for twitter. from an alum. Class of 88. JC
Oh good. I'm picking out the bluntest/tamest objects I can find in the first box and will move on to the bottle box at rapid pace.
reference interview started with find books that create stuff to art to drawing to robots. Hooray for reference behaviors!
finally get a car and then realize how many of your friends are away for college <
Is it seriously the last week of March 2012 already? Time flies when you're having fun, I suppose!
20 more "Likes" to go and someone gets a FREE iPod!!! Woot woot!
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. - Albert Einstein
Forgetting to tag off on caltrain is costing me a fortune! The last thing I think about when reaching my destination is buying a ticket.
that's about it and my mom is making me do chores but. Now she had me stop since I have a headache but it's almost gone
REVIEW: 3/26 Concord Orchestra plays Schuller cello concerto
I need something to do!
It's National Sleep Awareness Week. Getting enough shut-eye? If you have insomnia, don't resort to sleeping pills- too many side effects!
#tygerto80k is top of my trend list;)
almost had a heart attack there...
Goodmorning S/O to #TeamProsody for the love and support!!!!!! We're taking on the world for y'all, not as fans.... "We're FAMILY"!!!!!!!!
By the power of Greyskull!!!
NEW WEBSITE JUST WENT LIVE!! www.boutiqueeatshop.com check it out
I love you your so funny! Please follow back your amazing :D
oh im in england at the moment with my dad:) london near the big clock or as you lot call it 'big ben'
lol I know bro just a joke no bad feelings
But baby you're perfect.... LOL JK nobody's perfect I gotta work it again and again till somethingsomething
Shop DPC & Get 20% Off Mention Twitter
Yet another sleepless night....thank goodness for The Lonely Island. Wouldn't be able to get through without "Like a Boss" on repeat.
So glad gets her very first car today!!! You deserve it! #vroomvroom 🚗🚗🚗🚀
Happy Thanks Giving Day! :)
ain't nothin' gonna break my stride... everybody sing! :)
Who wants to make a CKC Reader to replace goog?
I fucking love him..
Even when I'm right, I'm wrong
Employees are your most important assets, so hire the best, provide training & growth opportunities, recognize good performance
Im always brave
Enjoy this nice Sunny day in LA...thx to for the connection😃
Gotta love the penalty yards spotted for the bears win that game.
visited the new office today. Life is getting excitingly busier.
so your a jerk for not texting me. :-)
Great hearing you and Skip on the same time. It's All Star radio!
If anyone would be kind enough to follow a new Twitter account, I would appreciate it. Please follow
If the people in the movies listened to me they would still be alive
I'm breaking out #hotdogs and chili from the freezer for dinner.
its the basketball tournament that's going on now and my team is within two games of a national championship.
TONIGHT: Join us for the SAC: Blue Lights in the Basement with local guest blues artist Yella P and his band, Fiktive Kin!
"you're a hopeless romantic and I'm just a homeless slut" spoken like a pro
feel like
shut up before i chop off your toes.
try taking advil cold and sinus and drinking hot tea or also claritan may be helpful as well :)
“: Got a lot of video opportunities for pretty faces”
We have reached the point in the conference where i really need coffee. Like injected straight into my bloodstream
lol cof cof just had suntin stuck in my throat I'm ok now ;-)
#webwise are you (girls) more likely to engage in engineering activities if you go to a science museum with your dad or your mum?
You don't fuck with Trivette.
At the united center for the kanye/jay-z concert!! :)
have fun!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!
Ugh, blocked from Facebook for uploading a painting with boobs. Breast day ever.
You're not my life but you're the one I want to spend it with. You're not my world but you're the best thing in it.
Today was full of surprises!
Power bring out sucks but meant hastily put together grilled dinner and actually being able to see stars.
very cool
a mild 56 degrees today in Chicago! feels good to shed the winter coat for a bit
“: Strange how people are willing to trade their greatest dreams for an illusion called security.”
Jus woke up. Chugged hella cold pops after the amazing #Thunder victory last night and crashed hard! Lawdy my head hurts!
dropping by the tonight...
mom told me you've been up since the crack...excited perhaps?! :)
EA Sports running a Holiday sale on many of their games for the IPhone and IPad, $.99 per game
That is awesome, have fun! Are you coming to Tip a Tiger tonight? Its their foundation event.
fans (6 former Povertyneck Hillbillies) getting together for concert 8/25 in WashPa and you can win tickets NEXT on FROGGY!
can I get a follow back
Sweet shoes!!
. , where have you been all my life?
RT : Welcome back to town, #Badgers. We're psyched for tomorrow's semester lift-off! Going to be a big day.
Lawyers make sure you claim your AVVO lawyer directory listing - www.Avvo.com , It's Free and Key
i don't even want to know what inspired that tweet
SICKEST REMIXES OF MY PERSONAL FAVORITE DONE BY ME 4 FREE ENJOY.........
HAPPY ONE TIME ANNIVERSARY GUYS!!!!and especially to you and ! we love youu<3
13! ;D Surprisingly
Omg your tatt is that big on your chest ?
I love the fitness photos on pinterest!! That's what motivates me! Lol!
I would go to an Ugly Kid Joe, Killing Joke, Faith No More, Meat Puppets show.
People are still using #PPT07 instead of
he Strata tambour range, perfectly blends generous storage capacity with a modern design aesthetic.
Week 9 was another crazy week in #fantasyfootball Who would think studs like #DemarcoMurray would come out of nowhere & lead teams 2 wins
Woot! Best baby hedgehog pics I've gotten all day! You know how to make a girl feel welcome to your Twitter stream. ;)
POTUS has great recd to run on.He savd ths nation from collaspe. BFD Health Reform, Ended George's testosterone wa,r got Osama
I ( Justin) Just got off the bus at Glass Nickel for a Founders Breakfast Stout.
Pan roast the breast, braise the legs and thighs, or don't cut it up at all and BBQ it on my smoker.
... The Emperess' New Cloths ;) Chapter One: #TheNewSecularScientology :D
hannah montana? haha
hahahaha oh man i wish that would be fun!
“: Yeah I've got pain since the car accident and this is 4 months ago.”
Lol, the first song that starts playing when I turn my iPod on... Loser Like Me.
Used to be valentines, together all the time ;)
QUESTION :: What have you fixed in the last 5 days with your Leatherman?
Don't tell people who aren't interested in a certain path that they're wasting their potential-they may be doing what they love
i need a new profile pic.
": What don't break a nigga make a nigga"
“: wow this is gorgeous ” yeah having a purple ankle is gorgeous. Yeah okaaY
I'm trying. Slow day but any progress is good!
why do you keep everything to your self, just tell me
there saying school makes everythin longer dumbass
We all be trying to function
you too, huh? If there were only more guys like your brother, every woman would be happy....LOL!!!
Day off from the gym today, it was nice to sleep in. Now I gotta go put these 8 hours in
Soul Survivor had a great hook meaning the energy, but Who Dat that go ham my dude.
We have goals for the day... Uh ohh
Users and designers (and librarians) don't think alike. By promoting everything on the homepage, you promote nothing.
Love the new CG song. almost didnt know what to expect, but it was awesome.
Dylan, I'd love to give you a demo of SG. Can you email andrew [at] simplegeo.com?
How awesome to get a more personal view from dear friends. I appreciate it, and Seau fans did too. Thanks.
“I wish I had invented blue jeans. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes.”- Yves Saint Lauren
- better rethink that...Pujols has 2 rings!
I'm still trying to find who I really am.
#midkey dont even miss being on Twitter at all
This nigga said he hit his mouth wit headphone n it caused a bump on his lips!! Last time I check headphones give like HERPES #c'monSon
Seski miss all friends, but tired, need long hibernation. Seski keep blog so all friends can relive glory days of !
they need your attn, how is business ?
can i have more followers
Why is it that there is an "Unlike" button only AFTER you "Like" it??
Pray for passengers on the trains ... train derails in Union Station!
all I know is he hates walnuts and Spam but will eat slugs.
True. 19th Century Black Codes were often given a 'race-neutral' language to circumvent the 14th Amendment.
No man is useless while he has a friend. ~ Robert Louis
I pray every week for that, dude haha. Hopefully it'll be tonight.
there's a form just give him your id.
PTA meeting tomorrow night? Can I come?
we don't look nothing alike #notrelated but I'm thinking that, it's weird lol
Goodnight moon 🌃
TNA Wrestling and Direct Auto Insurance present Bound For Glory Live! on Pay Per View this Sunday 8pm ET/5pm PT. *Card Subject to change.
Thanks, Huston Middle School, for having us perform today!
Don't forget: Get your Balloon Museum/Fiesta combo ticket scanned at the Museum for a chance to win great prizes- including a balloon ride!
RT : #howtomakeitinamerica act stupid on reality tv
Sipping coffee on the patio, waiting for the timer to ring. The aroma is intoxicating!
About To Get On Tumblr!
Great workshop at LGA today. Thanks to everyone who participated.
I'm so glad you liked my book! Thanks for reading it! :)
i did
Looking for a corporate social media expert living in Las Vegas for a client. Please email me for more info
love u too babe <3
Cycling through new catalog . . .
submit a headshot and resume to
Hahahaha okay creep. Taking pictures of my ID when I'm not around
First scotch of the #cccc11 conference. Lagavulin, with a dash of water.
follow me ? please :D :D
Ha!So true.
Michael Choice failed to make the cut, is it adjustment period or his tool isn't at the same level?
<3 RT : Omg omg and I are watching A Streetcar Named Desire and Stanley is soo perf!! ;3
Nice work from to end it. #Brewers win 6-5.
Headed to my first regional rally today! See you in a few :)
Man this couple shoot contest is bananas! Go on FB & vote for ur fav couple! The one with the most likes gets a shoot by me!
hahaha i know what you mean! Ben when do the lakers usually have practice? now that it's the end of the year I'll be able to play
UH-OH!! Its about to go down.. is available NOW in VA [McLean & Sprgfld] gotta get my FLO Sangria recipe RIGHT
mellowing out with some incense, lavender, and an episode of chopped.
We could say looks aren't everything, but honestly they are something....
Lmao...I jus laughed at a tweet I just saw....YEAH RIGHT!!!!
I'm definitely in, heard it is good
Ebanks was ejected out & is acting like a little bitch about it. Its your frkkn fault. Sit your cry baby self down!
": Thanks for the retweets last night!" My pleasure, NRG rocks!
RT : Peter Sagan makes it an even four, winning stage 4 of the Amgen Tour of California. Haussler second again.
this is goddamn confusing!! bah. have a good show today, mister
I just finished a 3.22 km run with a time of 21:25 with Nike+ GPS.
Fours: If you need help, get help.
I've NEVER done that poorly on a test before...
"Friday TSB performs at Vitello's. Grammy Nom Celebration." Will be there!
Look..... Chicago got their shit together, Playin good ball now!!!
got sent home from school
follow for a real ass female brains beauty and talent triple threat ....
just tried to pay cafe 7 with her Starbucks card....
we're just finishing September's signups.
Wow diabetics are following me :) #honored and #touched :')
i mean really we face serious problems,,all you people could come up with is ..war on women..
Just wrote a Christmas card to a soldier. Last time I did that I ended up marrying the dude! Ha ha ha! Love ya,
you dont bet against the money team
competition in mobile apps from has impressive categories and age 13+ eligibility, but rules allow sponsors to exploit ideas
So adorable! Someone looks like they want a belly rub! :D
DOH! Sorry about that. Not intentional, I'll edit it out :)
you bet!!
We did, thank u for asking! Picked up a pair of (kiddo loves them) & a basketball! :)
i saw New Moon last night. It was a really good movie-i loved it!!
Buddy the Elf. What's your favorite color?
I didn't know try we're even doing music still
Acck! I didn't realize Trader Joe's opened already!! Gonna stop in after work today :)
#quotes Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy. It takes you to a place within yourself deep. Annie Leibovitz
it wud mean the WORLD to me if she followed me! i love absolutely everything about her i wudnt change a thing. shes my idol ♥
Going for the sweep today!
I didnt miss this at all..
good seeing you too!!! We'll rock it out in France!!!!
Good day n ny. just left lecture of kanui of Pumzi. joined by lil + big lil mama, Howard prof + architect friends. Thai food n gut.
How much information about the American Presidency can one retain in four hours? We're about to find out.
I really thought chiddy bang was white
Who are you staying with, btw?
I wish pay-per-mile car insurance was available outside of Texas
NEVER BEEN A "PRETTY" MUTAFUCKA
I managed to see none of the award winners at Sundance. Did see many amazing films. One more to go.
The Boner Collector
It's about the employee behavior org's seek, not about the technology org's deploy. Sage wrapup by at #tcbsm4hr. Thanks!
The same.
Hey you In south Florida
Still on Road! I've peed' in every rest stop from NY to SC and a few bushes on the side of the road too
It's 10AM and I have pink cupcake frosting all over my keyboard
Make yo Bish look like precious …
Well someone died today.. I got very old memories back. Oh, and everyone screamed at me.. Best day ever.
I'll #follow you on that tweet alone.
Phish Fans: You might want to be at Madison Square Garden for New Year’s Eve.
#BeyonceInGivenchy She looks Beautiful
I'll be out there next week, lets hook up...lunch is on me
"im not the first to know, theres just no getting over u. i know im just a fool whos willing to sit around and wait for u."
Fortune cookie: let the spirit of adventure set the tone.
Argh, I might as well get a wooden leg and an eye patch now because this stupid shit is going to turn me into a pirate.
Really can't focus right now.
9:20 conference prep, opening reception at the lavish Sheraton - that hotel is totally overdone, staff meeting. i am tired.
hi lady! Are you planning any sort of event guide for Make A Difference day tomorrow? Thanks!
Crawfords 4-4 and the sox will be in first by the end of the day.
ALL things come from THEE Oh Lord.
We look forward to meeting everyone at #HCD11. See FireSign in action on the Vandy OHO tour, then visit booth 159 tomorrow.
Podcasting is a fairly new form out generating traffic but not one to be overlooked.
Amazing how social media has increased group think in people I thought were smarter (and more experienced). Unfortunate.
Today has infinite possibilities- make it fantastic!
Thank...the......LADIES!! Popped in my head today :)
extreme sports psychology
I won't be mad. But I'll badmouth you for the next week ;)
you should follow me cause YOLO(;
...Today, I am issuing an executive order today to investigate every referee who has ever officiated an NC State basketball game for bribery
Yeah! I think I can do that! I got you in my calendar now. Wanna meet downtown somewhere?
Do you regret giving up any of your past boyfriends or girlfriends?
FaceTime me bitch!
Well since nobody will answer their phones, I'm gonna go shopping.
nobody is doing the kind of active lifestyle content and eye-popping media i dig better than right now.
haha. Did you know that your awesome?
why even say it
MBAs are especially popular since the degree is usually meant to prepare someone for more advanced, leadership roles in business.
as long as I can rot with you
OMG the "dude" on the phone is actually a dudette. Sounded rather man-ish.
do you like who enjoy other feminie women? ;) meow
Therapy session with mother dearest <3
you thought right;)
Monica - Angel Of Mine
#Gov20 tweetup at Cap City has been cancelled, but we're still going strong at Clyde's
Yay the family and I are off to Disney in April NIIIIIIIIICCCCCCEEE.
On driving back from video store with Alice in Wonderland, I see a real rabbit sitting in middle of street a block from my house. Zoinks!
GREAT. RT : Have just signed the petition that I stand with Prez O on marriage equality.
Perspective: in 2011 the Tigers were below .500 as late as May 30th! We know how that worked out.
Dead or Alive.. All I know Aunt Gita's episode was hilarious!!
bust a move Jakk
I kno..it was great seein u..it's bin a crazy day...sorry couldn't get back 2u b4 work..I'll call 2 morrow..so we can reschedule
Move over! takes that shizz seriously.
can't wait to get this style for I can go back to my regular hair stylist
#iAdmireJustinBecause he doesn't care what people say. He lives his dream everyday and haters get jealous
's new boutique is just one more reason to LOVE living in Tribeca.
they played Party Rock Anthem and we danced extra hard for you, bb.
I noticed during yesterday's game that Eric Spoelstra has the same haircut as
I HOPE YOU GET BETTER SOON
Nobody is on my tl though
That awkward moment when your school is playing "To Be Real" & Everyone at your schools fake..LOL
i had that one coming.
Do people who drive with their high beams not realize it or just jerks?
Checking Broadway World and about to go to sleep :P
Pancake sausage dogs
so your life feels like it don't make sense & you think yo yourself "i'm a good person" so why do these things keep happening ?
As a mother, my job is to take care of what is possible and trust God with the impossible. -Ruth Graham
This has been a crazy morning. I'm lucky that some people put up with me. On my second trip up north. I hope it all fits so it's my last
"Patience is always rewarded but never soon enough!"
ha, we'll see.
Its been a Long week! Can't wait for weekend to be here ;-)
did you sock him? Lol
Pop some cava. Watch some caps. DONE.
Curious about organizational patterns imposed by the editors. Are there any? or always open to reader remix?
Sometimes I Dream Bigger Than I Live, Sometimes I Think Better When I'm Lit, So Gone & light It ! Roll It Up ! Ignite It !
#oomf done changed so much since high school
Thanks for following me back. I just love your music. You are so talented to be so young.
Can you believe it's almost August?!?!?
That's all he does!
I don't know. Can I? Haha :)
Blah.. Its my last night ._
Pretty please with a cookie on top follow back :-)
#stm2012 CSL: citation style language does not yet support PubMed Cendtral IDs which are needed for grants
her eyes got so big because dude had on Man Clothes with the shoes
Merry x-mas.
100,883 points in Temple Run! Lol I'm really bored so ya. That's what I do when I'm bored... play something really random:)
OK, now that I'm following , my Twitter game is legit!
Are you surprised by their classlessness? Look who you're talking about.
thanks for the follow.
I saw that. Welcome aboard!!! Nice to meet ya!!!
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. -Emo Philips
Love it!! “: Gave the Bee's my notice.they were like ok 2 weeks? Im like I was hoping Sunday could be my last day.
"Seven" with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman! Scared the ish outta me
Everytime I go to bed early I have
I guess I am replying to a tweet that was too old. How do you guys keep up with these? Dang!
7 more school days and and 12 more days of school!!!! #CAN'TWAIT4SUMMER
some people have died from withdrawal/quitting...
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe people who complain to much.
scary and zombie games is the new trend in 2012
Trek to Allston to see
Can't wait for nfl to start
what would we do without them in our lives?? . . . live happy!! :)
Mixed-Media MADNESS starts TODAY!!! 11:30am-2pm Sign up by email
I think the iphone4 unlocked, international, version supposed usable as long as your acct is in good standing.
I'm with you. How great would that be to see Forrest shock the hell out of everyone with a KO?! MMA is totally unpredictable..
who's Marcus Teague
Out of control--just ordered my 3rd case. Please don't ask of what... Need an intervention or pre IPO stock in the company--pref. Latter!
I just might be, yes.
it was good seeing u too..its seems like forever!! and thank u so much ive been working out hard!!!! gotta get right lol!!
VA House has been in session since 1 pm. After 4 hours of debates and votes, we're on amendment #38 out of 88. Still have to vote on judges.
Idk why people bitch about knowing a song before everyone. The artist is getting successful, so if you really liked it, you wouldn't bitch.
Thanks for the RT!
When something is truly meant to be, it will come easily to you.
Im off this weekend, what you doing?
3 hours on the mat and then the person on the train has 5 guys. What did I do wrong to be tortured like this?
I've got pizza ordered and it's almost time to #thunderup! We are going to kill them in game 2!
Pitchers running from bullpen 4 bench clearing always odd. Half the time they run in right nxt to other team. Then they're supposed 2 brawl?
i need more followers please help thanks guys love ya
Still locked in 0-0 purgatory after two periods. Who will break through first?
Much needed workout.
Today's schedule: Jesus, homework, music.
Their last 3 games are Stoke, Norwich, and West Brom, lol! Bugger! ;-D!
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil you sneeze champagne on your best friend's wedding dress. Then it's a homicide.
Great day in Southlake.... Drinks and live music with
Monday night madness = Tuesday morning badness
Captain Picard was very good at making his officers ENGAGE.
idk aubree is going to let us know where there are...but there
but it CAN buy tattoos
I Would Probably Die, But Come Back To Life Causee I'm Not Missin' That!
where r u beauty?? Xo!
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses. I am wise because I know I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
For the second time ever, I broke 100 pounds today. #fatty haha
- Well, can't wait to check it out :) :)
My #ex just told me matter-of-factly to leave a key under the front mat in case he needs it. Uh, lemme think...tuff one but...no.
he *clearly* has very good taste!
Most outdoor fires prohibited in Madison, fire department says
File under things I will never get: Why users think that a story, with a clear AP byline, was written by FOX because it's in our skin.
Damn thats a Fat ass on your profile. Who dat?? lol
Let there be summer.
Break time at #SOCAPeurope. Try the agenda for your iPad, iPhone and Android device. It's free & no login needed. m.SOCAPeurope.net
RT This --> RT : Always getting invited to a baby shower but haven't been to a wedding in years.
I hibernate in the summer. Wake up for the Ski Swap though. (this weekend) Good to be back.
we're watching contagion D:
Everyone tune in to 1590 to listen to my friends Derrick Willis and Krystle McCarthy talk on the radio about STI!
YAY RIDGEWAY SOCCER TEAM ATE CITY CHAMPS!!! ⚽🏃
Had for the 1st time last week. I think better than In & Out!
Me Juss Wanna Be Outta School Forever.... & Ever
I think it's all of them, including Johnny Gill.
Holy shit! Someone just hit us from behind! We're ok. Good thing we're in my dad's truck.
If Dayshell starts touring in the fall I will fucking cry so hard. I need to meet Shay and Raul.
haha I can live with that! :D
i need to change my background
My cat won't leave my Chinese food alone. BITCH.
thanks for the retweet! And thanks for providing all the great info on healthy living! Such a huge fan!! :)
Omg I hate working. !!!
• Well I dunno if it's new or not. I just updated last night and it's totally different
Just got a really cute e-card from of Thanks for sending! Great way to start my Friday (and new year). :)
Whoa are we staying at the same hotel?! Awesome!
Jack doesn't seem to like it. I like to think it's because he's already fallen in love with Have a good day!
It's going down in a few hours. Free show, new music, what could be better?? Renaissance hotel 9pm. Be there!!
Those were some good years on Twitter. Noise levels were also much lower back in the day and yet I remember people complaining.
Going to see mv lacrosse crush the shit out of Edison
Are you anchoring the Obama coverage today?
thanks for the follow - hope to see you May 19th!
Reminder: Soldering Workshop tonight, 7:30pm. I'm looking at you and
Whats the point of a hypeman/girl? They are so damn annoying!
They're changing the way people use Twitter, and they're set to become an important new tool for inbound marketers
Obviously it was Nickelback, Eric.
": Psyched to present the Silicon Beach Fest, June 21-23 mostly in Santa Monica and Venice. Follow #SBFest"
not lately because I've been working on BIG stuff
Jean Rostand~ Certain brief sentences are peerless in their ability to give one the feeling that nothing remains to be said.
Inspired listening to SeaMar's Dr. Julian Perez, one of our favorite community health docs. :)
lol, Listening To Music , Wyd Uglier ?
Did the rangers play tonight? :o
?? delay of NYSE bell ?? don't think it opens until 6:30. R they predicting the delay. CNBC on TV
- congrats on your 1-year!
Thanks for the mention, Stay Safe!
It's crazy how the little things a person unintentionally does, can change your whole mood.
Thanks for following... you have a magnificant hotel on #Chicago's #MagnificantMile !!
When do they kiss?
Would TX biz owners expect high success rates + slashed budgets? MT : TX billboard campaign attacks CCs: bit.ly/uWwc6p
I need to send you a private message so inbox me please or follow so I can message you
While your over there I'm in San Antonio sweating !! ); SA weather sucks!!
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 7
Join us right after the news for your weekly dose of intelligent radio for grown-ups. Stay tuned! 95.9 FM #Indy or listen online.
RT Dreams are the touchstones of our character. ~Henry David Thoreau
Today's weather is perfect! so ready for a shoot tomorrow morning with a little almost 6 month old :)
can someone please explain to me why the #Manimal is not in this #Dunk Contest?
I will try for Boston. No promises based on scheduling. You can meet He is my Boston, Boo.
Terry Collins another prime example of just how much coaching matters.
More rest, less thyme ;) Woofya
Great day in la. Bo
help reach 1000 followers! 28 earthlings to go...
RT : I may just be diving in but looks a little more gorgeous and less fucking elite in the think space.
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities - Ayn Rand
The Howard Brady Band brings the music Saturday night at yours truly!
Climbed up the Great Wall of China!! Weather was perfect and enjoyed it
Hahaha love these! My favorite is "K" I HATE when ppl text/e-mail/say that out loud!!
Wake me up when school is over
Baby you make my day so much better with your tweets (: <3
Thanks so much!! ❤ you guys are the best!
kick ass!!! :-) awesome. Glad u liked it
“Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.”
Loved your thoughts in the article. Would love to connect! Thanks
dam i miss my baby
that seems reasonable
awww and dont dread, LA means get tough and get busy HOORAH
Another One Of My New Years Resolution Is Going To Get Completed Which Is Gettin Off Probation.!!!
well shit, i hope you sleep well man. I'm still wide awake -__-
230 for the pair. That's face plus charges. Just tryin to get my money back.
At Brooklyn x2019;s I.S. 318, the Cool Kids Are the Chess Champs Chess dominates the culture at Intermediate School 318, where most stude
Don't let the rain spoil your day. We will make it up to you with HH til close. $1 off Leinies, $3 miller lites and 1/2 off pretzel items.
white shades are straight WHITE TRASH.
40+ boxes of new product! Come to Poochinis tonite from 6-8 to see all the new stuff!
Kyrie Irving is no Lebron James, and that's a good thing. Go #cavs!
Looks like is what I am looking for, but I live in Miami. I went to the page, but I could't find if they have online based test
And we have a winner! Jess is in the house! Yeah!!
About to start a new hip hop song. I need inspiration
Martinez with a big 2-out double to center allows Skinkis and Bowdren to score, UVA extends lead to 3-0.
Lowering costs per sales on a daily basis! What are you doing to lower your marketing costs and increase sales? Call us 866.460.6611
Yup, got the #ALLREADYFAMOUZ EP to finish as well as creating Radio Singles for myself ! :-)
cause yu aint hit my phone yet
Aww so happy you are enjoying it. :)
Big thanks to my boy for the Trophy! Thanks again sir
Very true! RT : Watching VCU. My hippie art school grew up to make the city proud after all. VCU best thing happening in
your Twitter photo is absolutely adorable! Reminds me of my darling little kitty, William!
me either man, wonder what happened to them? Way better than Hostess! Which flavor did you get?
been trying since 10am sharp, no tickets :(
Lenny Clarke, 6-2 Yanks lead, red sox fielding minor league team. Time to go enjoy the weather.
The Harry James Orchestra will be performing @ The Celeste Center, Columbus, OH 8/3/2010 @ 1pm.
I predict Toledo upsets Boise tonight.
True!! I have some good friends... I was joking with one of them with that tweet. How have u been?
": Life has no rehearsals, only performances"
Appointment with my doctor Monday- they believe I may have diabetes...very scary
Editing rhymecal footage, amidst the chaos there were some dope ass moments. Highlight clips coming soon...
Feels like doing a crossword puzzle without clues - seems easy, and everything is possible. Then you get into a corner and nothing fits.
just 10 more minutes on tumblr then ill go to bed xD
Correction: My college roommate's #altack! career is wife to the heir of the fortune. Sorry for being such a noodle
lol rolling the poster up on the bus. Lmfao
And apparently more people care about the #GoldenGlobes than huntsman reportedly dropping out.
Your Satifaction, Our Destination !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture 12.31.2010 is or last day !!! Huge Furniture Sale !!!
So now you know..... What's next?
I need a beer. Can Anyone bring me some ? Lol
Not to mention I don't have an umbrella...
According to debate between apps and mobile pages is over and mobile pages won. Not sure that is the case everywhere :)
Tomorrow should be a good day since it's Friday :-)
I was dreaming we were runnin from the city burning down down down
Have fun!
good place to be on a Friday at 4pm ;)
ROFL! U R never safe ;) QT : Damn! Someone posted a pic of the last secret black ninja cat meeting!
742 faithful followers on instagram. Love them. ~
I hope your Sunday ends with pizza just like mine will. Monday morning comes early and specifically starts at 12:00 AM. ^jl
RT please"! Follow me! I inspire, I'm kind, I,m genuine, I follow back,
Wtf is up with people hatin' on ? It's bullshit. Just because one person hates him, doesn't mean you have to
Excited and ready to welcome new challenges.
Stupid weather.....psyching me out.
Good morning, beautiful people. Make today count, be productive, start following your hearts desire!
"Diligence is the mother of good fortune." - Benjamin Disraeli
Works cited stuff was almost a pleasure. Semi-mindless, so I could listen to music, which I could never do when writing.
Fantastic to see you also! If you have a minute tom. come down for the OV show! 5:30 see previous tweet)
everything about today is perfect ♥
TY! RT : Discovering and just gave us (yet another) reason to love beautiful #Austin, TX.
RT from '90 to '09, only 6 #1overall picks haven't made an All-Star game. 4 of them were older than 20.
Leaving for Dallas soon
“: we ❤PBR!” Awesome! Can't wait to see all the awesomeness.
u fixin to commit a hate crime on a spider?
I'd never tell a student not 2 write an exam. BUT, if you take a '0' on this exam the other midterm would count 4 final grade
lol that ain't what tim told me
Sick of putting in tons of effort without getting rewarded
at joe's coffee shop with my sales team celebrating on the new acct that will place Xtamina Energy Drink in 300 stores on the west coast!!
A car, a man, a maraca.
Sometimes "true colors" are not very bright.
It does! We are hoping to make the best of it. Handing someone a surprise free pizza is pretty awesome.
She did one for GIF boom too lol
Just put on a new keg. You're in luck
Kuali is amazing.
we're only M-F. But I'll be at the office tomorrow afternoon. What's up?
Wondering how far were r heading into the social media black hole. It official it has no bottom, viking( fab stoves etc) is on pinterest!
“: good hangin! Hope to see everyone again soon.. Safe travels!!!” thanks nice meetin ya
Aww my Wittle nerdy Asian  “: Just realized I can still name any of the original 150 pokemon by their picture. #mastertrainer”
My one and only wish is too have follow me. <3 I love you Justin!!
No problem. We'd put up with a bloke like you.
Irish Amateur Open draws field from eight countries
Insulin is a hormone that helps control blood sugar levels
going to watch a real live hockey game tonight, my first one. any pointers on following the puck? My eyesight is terrible
i remember when i first made my twitter, the first thing i did was spam justin bieber to follow me. yeah, he still hasn't done that..
There is something about voice that gives me goosebumps! Xx
#Vanderbilt scores twice within a minute. #Gators lead #Vandy 11-4. 22 minutes left in second half.
Yelled at me for no reason
Kicking back with friends and family today...the highlight of the week.
Fasho, Right after Christmas
I want to bring my charger tomorrow!
Thanks! (RT : Stopped by a webinar today. Interesting background on gamification and very impressive product demo.)
Who can win a staring contest with Mike Nussbaum (as Freud) on 's site? Who's up for a challenge?
Focus your energy on doing something instead of being something, for it is the things you do that make you what you are
If my boy Jeremy White really allows me to be his apprentice the tattoo game better watch out
you no like macauley?? .... but .. have you seen party monster??? ... i base my whole wardrobe on michael alig!
I don't think that comfort is the problem, confidence that it'll work when they need it to might be a bigger issue.
idk... but most likely NOT :P
okay well just text me when ur free.
What's the point for coming to school?
you're making this sound like a breakup...
And nobody knows it but me...
You know it. My Lord. You won't ever believe the things that kid would say to me... Total craziness. No one would ever dare
Bless Ya Heart U Magot Bitch
“: Today is Monday and that means its time for SMASH...! Who will be watching!? #greatepisodecomingup” love this show!
Good morning, sis!
Welcome back from Spring Break!
Not sure how I missed this! Absolutely. We are always here when you need a hand.
RT : Shuja Pasha and Kayani knew about raid in advance, not that #BinLaden was there. Zaradari kept in dark until last moment...
are you amongst the living?
why thank you =] really glad you like it!
Awe okay :D and i know bc Drake is just wow cant describe how amazing he is
#soTellMeWhy you're so busy talking about other people's problems, when you got your own, and they're 100X worse
Thx for all the shout outs already!! The weekend is here!
“: You can get addicted to a certain kind of happiness. #FirstWednesday #RoomfullofJesusfreaks YES!!”
universal day 2
But you won't let those robots defeat me
Now that basketball season is over I plan on hanging out at Coors Field and EAGERLY counting down the days til FOOTBALL SEASON.
you better lol
I feel like I got better today!
Essay on someone I was destined to meet.... Someone help mee.
IT WAS HEAVEN . Pure Perfection , I LOVED IT <3
I was a thank you gift for him from us it a native American thing
Good luck to all the runners in the #PittsburghMarathon !
journalism 102 and classics 232, ancient roman and greek literature, blah.
Looks like I'll be applying for funding for a trip to the after all. M, 1830s court martial transcripts...
I'm pretty sure the only things I talk about on are cupcakes and . Glad I can contribute to society.
only miami would put acrobats in a baseball stadium
congrats on your big break in the journalism world!
Play it for us during ur broadcast :)
thats pretty shady, why do you need sound proof walls? Haha
hey how was your day,beautiful:)
disappointed that your leaving, but happy for you...especially since you get to be in your home town!
:) happy weekend
says, you want to be seen every where... I agree and I try to do the same.
Woohoo! Great collection. Really glad this is now online and available.
Finally a complete band. All four members now reside in Brooklyn NY under the same roof. Let the magic begin.
Hey there Nick, thanks for the follow! You got to come and check us out soon!
I love going through old pictures!
The health benefits are endless. She already looks shinier...
Chillin laying here ... Wassup with you ?
I just got an email addressed to Professor Miller. I think I like that.
I'm at PKWARE now. Write manuals for ZIP software. Also doing lots of WordPress-related things.
what song does he usually come out to? I really liked it
Through a series of planes, trains, and automobiles, and I are back in rain city!
RT This is my last week of piggin' out!* Monday I'm starting my diet and exercise
Welcome Tagg! RT : First week Dear 22nd Century, please open the door. Maestro is knocking.
Welcome back Temple students! Deadlines approaching fast - Summer Dublin Feb.15; Summer Montreal & London:March 1; & LondonFall:April 1
Seth Godin -I'm nodding in agreement. More and more? How do we keep doing this?
The math practices in CCSS are intended to focus students on making sense of math in order to accomplish specific work
Imagine if theres someone doing the same shit you do but in another part of the world .............
I love it!
Time to "unplug"...my new favorite industry buzz word.
Kaley! How did I lose your contact info? So sorry.. shoot me an email: jfranklin at comcastsportsnet dot com...
Must read the book. #huntergames was surprisingly interesting. #whoknew?
Cuddling with
Woohoo! Thanks for recommending us.
Open now! Today is the day. Boxing Day. Shots bring goals
There is even a Brian Wardle sighting
so bottom line if the race meets last years attendance the city will still spend $500K. How much did the city loose last year?
Who wants to go to the Dodgers games tonight?
dear eggs and toast, please go cook yourselves for me
justin biebers bday coming to and end.......so ones again happy birthday........
you almost feel ashamed that someone could be that important that without them you feel like nothing
Attended Long Form Narration & Voice Over with Robin Miles Director of Voxpertise at SAG NY Convervatory. Excellent!!!!
Well, *now* you're not...
oh,btw im going yayy ^__^ u really should study lol ;') see ya later! i love ya adios <33 :D
Best of luck this weekend.
the fuck happened.
I'm still in LA, we'll have to reunite next week?!
In the senior meeting BORED!!!!!
I thank god for giving me the strength and motivation to go to college and make something of my life....
Love how everybody is losin their minds over this guy who shot his daughters laptop. It's about time some parents stood up and parented.
did I mention my 30th was last Saturday?
aww! Let me know if and when you get then. Pictures are in order. :)
I wanna marry ALL of them but Niall's Irish Accent is so adorable! :D <3
#ILoveMyMomBecause she didn't intentionally get pregnant with me to get her own show on MTV.
Utah ends the game on an 8-zip run. #Jazz win it 102-97. #Blazers go scoreless over final 2:35 of the 4th.
Wth #DavidSedaris in greenroom, #ThisAmericanLife live last nite: "Luv the dotted tie w/the checked shirt!" while wearing full clown makeup.
Come and put your name on it.. # cake
Watch me, do me
Ur a funny guy ...
Oh fun rain!! Good songwriting weather, lol
guy @ dinner: I cn't believe I ddn't know that- I feel like such a woman- I should be wearing a dress and being sexually assaulted. Um!?!
"This content does not exist on the mobile site". *shrug* I'm ok with that. Your site no longer exists on this mobile.
i really hope you guys come to columbus/cincy this summer. No one good is coming besides Warped.
Peabody Rooftop w/
Let's get to 100 today! Friends, please RT to help this #charity #event get more exposure in
Once again, the whole family was completely charmed by A Christmas Carole at Kudos to Richard Roberts for a beautiful production!
Thanks Paul. You have achieved 'bro' status!
are you in LA??
May life bring you joy and happiness this year Mila! all the best for you and your career :)
awww love him. I have Robert Beltran's from ages ago.
Go Go Gadget stilt wheels
Sorry for my very late reply, things have been crazy. We have tons of examples, so let me know details & I will get you info
CRTASA wishes everyone on Twitter a very safe and festive New Year's Eve Celebration tonight. And may 2011 bring you much joy & success!
I just scored free coffee from the cute hipster barista at Starbucks.
NEW YEARS EVE ..... FREE SHIPWRECK SHOTS AT MIDNIGHT. killer spot for watching fireworks
WED Play: Ole Miss -2.5
Today will certainly be a GOOD one! I'm prepared, optimistic and ready to go! Come on 3pm!!!
that night was so messed up!!!! Hahahaha
no problem :)
What is your favorite music genre?
where is all the fun at?
OMG... I just walked into the TV theme panel and they debuted the title screen to Avatar: the Legend of Korra!!!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
i got plenty of lunchtime laughs on the 4th floor watching that with you
We are running a story on toilet paper right now on I have never really given my TP a 2ndthought.
Leaving tomorrow night ready to be on a mountain
what are you confused about? Going long drives viewers away.
If you go through your life looking for things to complain about, you're definitely missing out on the good parts.
that sucks! Hope everything worked out alright for ya :)
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by simply walking out of it.
great win #lucasthethird ....at least d-wade made it a game
Thanks for the feedback!
Oh hey guys, I'm getting baptized this sunday lol.
#LAUSD better get ready 4 onslaught of angry rapping teachers fighting against pink slips & excessive
Sorry 4 delay. 12 oz bottles, 24/case. $54 with tax. revolutioncider.com for ordering info
Just finished filming a pilot for food network. It looks like a great show I will keep you posted when it comes out
#FF the dating website that is offering a FREE Lifetime membership! Use Promo BFSLT01 Be the one of the First and sign up!
Happy Easter everyone!
Cat Fact: The nose pad of a cat is ridged in a pattern that is unique, just like the fingerprint of a human
Lockout over!! Time to get the fantasy team lined up!
its a neil young, candles and tea kind of night. can't wait to see my big brother tomorrow :))
Why u can't stand McCutchen ?
the legion is right behind you
I Just got my internet back! Thank god! I missed my friends on here and my friends back in New york! I wanna go back! :'(
Does this tweet look cooler than my previous tweets?
someone explain to me in mathematical terms why will arnett is attractive because HE IS.
212, Manhattan New York City favorite area code is fast becoming the most popular area code in the world.
That's great. PD let's you do so much and the more you use it the more you love it!
Love your sites!
don't take it
good times indeed :)
Kim Kardashian gets paid 10K per tweet. Wow she is so lucky and blessed to live the life that she does.
I'm filled with space-age design
My female followers are so bomb
little girl in donut shop w/ her dad; me w/ mine years ago.
To whom it may concern,
Finally arrived at
I appear to have run out of notebooks. Is this because I haven't finished unpacking after 10mos, or an excuse to go Clairefontaine shopping?
Loki is evil. I like that in my badguys.
how do u tell her u left long ago with no chance of return..
Praying gets a great deal with the saints if not i just hope he gets a great deal with whoever..hopefully the saints though
Does anyone else take pictures of their whiteboards to take with them between home and work?
Check out Brandstater's interview on the podcast at thescore1510.com
Actors do your research. You are building a business and part of your job is to invest not only money, but time as well. Be willing to!
RT : Good luck,
Is that a reflection of how they treat contract signings? A 70-minute blackout for an industry giant is rather shocking.
Booking for March! If you would like Leo or the Bright City Lights band to come lead worship, send us a direct message. God Bless!
Seriously, guy who just plucked at the tailfeather of a bird on Maharaja Jungle Trek then laughed when it squaked in pain? Stay classy.
Had the chances just didn't take advantage. I take part blame for that too
Doctors appointment Tomorrow, I FINALLY get my physical. Finally!
I want to get follow♥♥♥
#bitches in this county
The commercial with cracks me up every time. Look! I'm going through the rapids!
Hey fellow SD Joomla Developer, I see you're interested in Jomsocial! I have experience and would love to collaborate.
Quetzal done. Next is a japanese fighting fish for Richie.
says he calls himself a 'Small Town Dirt Salesman' HA!!
That moment when no one at your school would know who Austin was if it wasn't for you, and now you regret telling everyone about him.
country just isn't my thing
If you want to do a protest vote, I hope you're ok with telling your grandkids that you could've voted to save the country and didn't.
What! Stupid people. They should have seen me when I used to teach middle school, seen what one of those really looked like.
I'm serious, It's thundering loud outside, I think God is coughing and when it rains, I think he is sneezing...
those are josh's! you can keep 'em, pretty sure he stole 'em from a gas station anyway. thanks again for rocking our music!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMAN!! I hope all your wishes&dreams come true & I hope for nothing but the best for u. I love u soo much!!❤😍
Are you supporting celebrity board member Warrick Dunn's next event? Check out Please get involved to show support for single moms!
“: Do you think it helped or hurt that the Honda "Ferris Bueler"TV spot was pre-released online? No matter 2 me,1st time seeing it.
Bard is looking good today. Might really fit as a starter. Needs to cut down on walks, pitches so he can go deeper in game. Go #RedSox!
TWEET ME ANYTHING CUTE I'LL GIVE ALL TWEETS !!
What's the funniest April Fools prank you've pulled of at the office?
u just worry about getting 100 george's in your possession soon! LOL
please come visit! We've got some great additions to our lunch menu too!
My 3 year old niece can use an iPad. She's more technically qualified to decide the future of the internet than the 70 year olds in Congress
u will shine! have a good one too thanks
Everyone over the age of 26-34, if you're not in school anymore...be glad! <:[
Thanks for the tweets yesterday!
After I finish my "entertaining with pizazz!" board.
It's gorgeous outside! Join us for a Fish Fry on the outside patio!
Play the music, not the instrument.
yeah... sometimes you gotta hide your "mormon crazy" in a basement or "spare room" or something
She loves me She loves me not She Loves Me She Loves Me Not She Loves Me She Loves Me Not She Loves Me She Loves Me Not She Loves Me She Lov
The Ironbound is a ______ working-class neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey. a. small b. medium c. large Fill in the blank!
#AustinMakeANewCover tbh it does bother me how Austin told us awhile ago he'd cover Should've Kissed You... & I guess he forgot
u r welcome good sir, and thank you the inspiration!
ur new hair sucks,sorry but Paris Hilton is 100 times better than u,dont talk bad about her!
Hey How Are You Doing?
Yep! It's our favorite show. Give it a try.
Brooks Conrad is a bum also... BRING BACK KEITH GINTER!
Not Swallow
Imm talking to this really hot guy on fb:)
Where did the saying "one trick pony" come from? Is it more common for a pony to be able to perform multiple tricks?
#jobseekers in #ROC should save the date of 5/16 for our next career fair! Local companies w/ #jobs will be #hiring - great #networking too
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! What are you guys going as this year!?!?!?
My and are going to kill it! Watch out now!
I suport review of all Federal agencies & regulations with thorough economic analysis.
Happy Mothers Day
Morning twitheads! Everyone have a blessed Sunday!
How fitting that Relegation/Championship Sunday would be on...Mother's day.
This could be interesting, especially if it was paired with a BS first. You'd have to learn to engage your whole mind.
Illinois Catholic Charities Drop Gay Adoption and Foster Care Lawsuit Over ... - Autostraddle
thank you ! I will try
yea but instead of drunk driving my dad's girlfriend dad had a litte too much to drink and he was tripping on the way home lol
Because TX does not have a "pit" rule, we should not either. Too costly to protect our water?
omg boys are nothing BUT stupid ! can you fucking give up on her already ? she DOES NOT LIKE YOU ! FUCK !! d:< #youronlyhurtingyourselfbro !
its so freaking scary!! haha
Congrats from colleagues at #sdut on the anniversary! Staying relevant -- and in print -- these days no small feat.
I already had my annual play through of Half-Life 2, but I can put Skyrim down for another day of classic HL2 gaming.
“: lost in house music is where I wanna be, it's gonna set you free” he knows what's up...keep streaming the house music man
Stephie_Lewis: I know the feeling. I feel like I've been lost in the land of Enterprise but I found my way out. Good luck w/ ur baby :)
The rain delay known as #Orioles #Rangers RT : Tell us which game you are watching right now.
I wish I could retweet your tweets...
Hey Dean Koontz, calm down.
dang we are never on at the same time
Are you having fun at your ghetto house.? Cuz we're having fun without you(;
Watching texas tech sports this year has been equivlent to watching the rape scene from deliverance over and over.
Meeting up with the Writer's to Discuss Sum Business. This Time we Making a Movie. Guidance Web Series was just the Beginning
Thanks to everyone for celebrating 10 years of at the 2011 #Milwaukee99. A toast from !
so great meeting you as well!! What a trek from michigan :)
I don't act like Im still in my 20s at this age, but sometimes I feel much younger than I really am. I prefer it that way tho
A big Woof out to you!
Everytime I handed Owen the wipes while changing his diaper, he'd look at me and throw them
Follow me :) Follow me <3 Follow me :D follow me :P Follow :)
Loads of puerto rican men seem like lil flamers. I can't read who's gay and not. No offenses. I love the gays. Funny still though.
Hope you enjoy!
These are the worst refs ever used to the playoffs
I've drank 5 days in a row now, I may have a problem.
is a must follow!
Aside from the dire need to land Deron, no matter how slim the chances...what are your thoughts about demarcus cousins via trade?
Sounds to me like the program works because of the 500 calories; not so much the HCG. Have any studies that prove otherwise?
Right? I'd be happy being able to do one of those.
Ha! : Hunger Games fan site posts, written under pseudonym Krazy4Katniss #mittsmissinglaptops #mapoli games
He must have seen the one I was wearing last Friday. lol
Is it possible to have a favorite Jane Austen book ... she's so good, I live for the insights on nearly every page.
ZOMG! My dad is doing the Electric Slide ... well, at least it's at the #120League scholarship benefit
#sunny in #seattle but stuck inside studying for midterms!
These chucks online tho(: soo different ... Mama might Get em' faa me !
thank you so much. you rock!
Oh So Your One Of Those People ... uhh no haha that takes too long
imy2 I been here just lookin for a job & started my classes monday tryin get my life in order I txt you the other day!!
We're curating a "must-follow" list for #SXSW to engage in the conversation from #DC. Any suggestions? Stay tuned for more this weekend!
Come at 4 ~
Its so rainy outside...I Love it...
mary cherry was best part of the show. never really cared about the step sisters lol
