Sell an experience, not a product.
'Enjoy an Awesome & HAPPY HALLOWEEN Everyone*...Remember; The Price of to much Halloween Candy is...'The Dentist', * Make it Chocolate !
Sorry we are not streaming any video or audio
Lol, the artist finished the last person at 7 this morn
“: I hate being corrected about the name of the size of my 16 ounce drink !” Ha!
Easter bunny spotted in Reading, PA. Hatfield and Berks searching urgently to find, grind and scrapple-fy him.
Thank you for all the kind words about Goin' Rogue Song and Video don't forget to tune into Bill Cunningham on Jan 29 to hopefully cheer it
- C'mon to Austin, I have tasks but no rabbits!
I good day to tell merchants why Heartland Payroll is superior to our competition in price and SERVICE!! Gift Cards anyone?
there ya go. always keep the reader wanting to read more
So I was going to start reading #Pandemonium but I seem to somehow lost it in my house ):
Not spam. I am, in fact, a giant, inflatable rat. As giant inflatable rats go, I'm pretty benign. Just not to abusers of labor.
totally satisfied with my treatment from Geico insurance post car-accident last week. :-) 100% covered full-body massage here I come!
hahaha lol :D i love the fact i was born on 4th July lmao
Got the chills outta no where like massive 😖
I want soup.
RT: " you're an IDIOT you totally would've been my date. And the hottest one there. Now I'm #foreveralone"
Haha that's awesome!:) Could I have a hint? But not one that would give it away, I like the surprise.
I'd love to believe in fairy tales but life just doesn't work out that way
been a smooth day..long but smooth,,and smooth is good
WUT. I should probably let the nice people I invited know about that...hm...
Leeland just followed me... :O
Teriyaki Top Sirloin steak with your choice of King Crab, Maine Lobster or Shrimp (grilled or Panko fried) is on the menu tonight!
It's my day off. I'm on set anyway.
You're welcome :)
#IAlwaysWonderIf I ever meant anything to you...
that makes two of us.. Say no more
Great photo! Good luck and thanks for sharing.
bro I are straight cross from usus
still in Vancouver?
Nice piece of driving, that! Surprised they didn't park in handicapped space!!
I'm so sleepy
Visual Studio Connections – learn tech tools, techniques, methodologies of .NET 4.0 Save $200 w/ code DevCon1. Register at bit.ly/fIZjXO
There's something about a swimming pool that makes doing homework less work-y.
My currency is trust - Joe Grimaldi, Mullen
Let's Go TCU!
Oh, it sounds good to me. (:
BFF gift certificates are the perfect presents to give the dog-lovers in your life.
I have so many new FANS!!! *hugs your all * THANK YOU so much #LoveLife #LoveALL *blushes*
Eventful.com will do.....here we go.
Haven't paid attention to the movies, so I only have a vague idea of what she looks like. But I like yours. :)
When he breaks up with his girlfriend , so he doesn't have to get bitched at for talking to me . #fuckyes <3 .
fuk yu I spell it da way I wanna spell it
#Dessert pizza, #breakfast pizza, #dinner pizza... Do you believe #pizza has categories? What's your favorite pizza?
There for him whenever it's needed
Who's stopping in tomorrow night to listen to what Bad Seed is going to mix for us?
*on the phone with mom* friend,"PULL YOUR PANTS UP ALEX!!!" Everytime..
I need a coffee and a new screen for my
Customer panel - discusses its Xactly Incent footprint with 2,500 users live on the platform
freezin my butt off. I cant feel my fingers
Thank you for sharing the news about Fund for Teachers & our teacher grants. Also really liking your tweets on giftedness!
brent roberts- winner of event 1
Excellent to raise; I agree w/ Clare- in my field (bioanthro), small world; "cited-now-blurbing" at times inevitable
aj is duh man
Keep moving on. Turn the page. New day new way.
Thanks Jon! Would love to chat with you and your company!
Omg that's si funny! Hahahaha!!!!!! I wanna do a test to see how long you could last!
We try our hardest :D
what?! Sorry! I must have missed it!
try using songza. It's an app and there's a website. You'll love it. Trust me.
I am actively using two monitors, a tablet, and two smartphones right now. Somehow it feels normal.
I wish made business casual shoes
Follow :D
My brother's name is Colin.
Blue Cards against Marcio Liete and Pat Healy, both teams will play a man down for next 2 minutes
Off of work yaaayyy
Great addition! - RT : Trying our oranges in the boil day which I never had before. A friend also said pineapple is good too.
I was wondering if you would have a meet & greet for Jan 20th Santa Ana show? I love you & wanna met you so bad!
Hoping to connect hs student with "expert" on game design - hoping to motivate this boy as a learner. Advice on how to find "experts?"
FURIOSITY is booking for our 2012 Summer/Fall concerts. Any bands that wanna share the stage, let us know.
Now that A&M is leaving the Big 12 after this season, do you really think we'll keep that game every season?
Sounds good. I'm at the Economic Policy Institute, Directing EARN, a network of 57 state groups in 43 states
I feel like joaning
Good deal. I now have comics in my classroom. Thanks Half Price Books for "treat read" material!
Thanks! You too my man!
got u man tell everyone bruh
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you...
#LilMan ok I'm actaully workn in a software program that measure room for sound quality lol!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Jem...I went way back :-) :-) :-)
I saw that yesterday. I've had choc cheese. It tasted like fudge.
Thanks for the fav!
All alone today at lunch...
shitty i wont be gettin this cool greys on saturday
Listening to remastered beatles box set...amazing sound. My week's playlist is set!
Earthquake in New York, baby!
it's on you. I do music every day.
I SO need a big dick up my ass right now! Having that dick attached to a muscular guy to worship, life would be good.
I fucking love you! :-)
Thanks, Megan! cc
“: #imagine Meeting Colton dressed as Batman.”.
Wow! The 13th is NEXT WEEK! Nervous?? I'm glad for u & ur opportunity! @ least u know the area. Any plans 4 ur last Cali days?
LatinExplore&#39;s Combo of Costa Rica Travel Deals and Money Saving Tips
me too! how have *we* not met yet?
yo dude, i heard your dad can fix cars, can he hook me up?
Not yet but I want to try it now! And Z, I still love Panera's mac too.
I know. I'm just really bored and want to do something and no one can do anything yet. So I'm just like wah.
"Trust, then verify." so true. Well said,
Wordpress. But wait, it is not finished yet... At this point looking for feedback and customers... Road ahead :-)
in the words of Jay Z... i love girls girls girls girls... girls i do adore, come put your number on my twitter cause i would love to date u
haha yeah , I know ! I need to get back on my tweet game lol
Part II of cultural extravaganza...Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (@ Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson at the Bernard B. Jacobs Theatre)
we're working on an update to re-enable that on iphone.
Tarp being pulled off the field and some players begin to throw again near dugout, but BIG lightning strike over river draws reaction.
Good call!RT : we live in realm of hybrid libraries same old doesn't help future-service oriented not monolithic ils
Aye!!!! :-) RT : S/O to da females who #haze. Lol that is sexy
what concession stands have funnel cakes? Still can't find them...
Picnic in the grass, a visit to the New Amsterdam Market, oysters, and boxed wine. No complaints.
Being a librarian I appreciate the support you're giving to the libraries.
I agree for vis. lrners concept maps help 2 org.& connect thoughts/like doing math in yr head vs. having 2 writing it down.
It's another gorgeous day! Wow!
I understand candles. They make scents to me.
I am at the meeting - where are you guys????
Im feeling so right.... not gonna,lie a nigga in my bed would make it better;)
I miss yo face as well :)
I think that tingling feeling you get when you really have to pee feels kinda nice... Until it starts to burn....
This quite possibly made my day!! How did this happen&why?
Going to start working on my fitness, mainly stomach muscles, any tips?
OMG #600KMAHOMIES <3 IM SO UNBELIEVABLY PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN<333
I appreciated that Eugenides even gave it a shot in "The Marriage Plot."
London is a great name for a dog.
not really
": "It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top." - Claude M. Bristol"
I consider myself pretty easy-going but if you chew with your mouth open I will track down and systematically kill everyone close to you.
Geez, I left a floor lamp outside for someone to take and it was gone in less than an hour
Come check out surrender tonight it's going to be awesome!! Free entry just use my name at the guestlist Travis Sosa only
Say hello to TJ, folks!
A man never stands as tall as when he kneels to help a child.
...and very nice to meet you! Tot ziens :)
No(: I'm glad because I created the #twitition but we all know that you're very modest(:
hey Perry, yes indeed, those Brits can be really funny sometimes. Checked out some of your links, what do you do?
#FollowFriday our friends
all I know is they are leaving soon. I think we should get something really exciting there :)
Creating the hashtag for EO GLC Vancouver. #GLCBC -let's use it!
I don't care if you love or hate Nicki Minaj (), it's tough to deny how enjoyable her new album is.
minus kahne RT 5: Look for n Josh Brown tonite on Northwest Sports Tonight 9:30 on n 11 on Kong
Uh oh, frm SEA RT : First Delhi and now San Francisco. Looks like when I leave a city it gets the shakes. I hope all are safe and sound.
Learning from on
Dark chocolate almond milk and frozen banana smoothie for breakfast yum.
#HappyNewYear, Casey + co! To a busily buzzing 2012 :)
Congrats to on her ENGAGEMENT! =) So happy for you!
can you wish Philippines a good evening too?or good morning also??please???we love you here!,damon.
I'm on it, thanks.
"Edwards' hush money source was 101-year-old woman" #yahoonews Was he having an affair with her too?
Walked 5 miles today w/ Skip my horse. Not moving back 2 Malibu until the weight is gone.Well maybe sooner than that.just not sure when
aghhh tattoos I want em. you down?
Sun tan starting now!
Aw don't fall Nicki:(! Getcha award girl... you deserve it!
Our thoughts and prayers go to the Ballesteros family. Seve was not short for Several as there was nobody else like him.
Don't forget, tomorrow is the rare 29th day of February. Happy Leap Year!
how are you today, darlin? How did the audition turn out? I have 3 myself today--- go me! lol :)
I CONCUR!! RT : WAIT THE TIGERS RELEASED BRANDON INGE????? WHY ISNT HE AN ORIOLE LIKE RIGHT NOW??”
My stepdad cut my bracelets... He fucked up its a wrap.
I honestly wanna go back to school.
can't wait to see you on the field this season! hit hard!
you ever go into a Mediterranean restaurant and think that's either the best Hummus or the worst B.O. I've ever smelled?
#goodnight Twitter! ❤ 💤
On this, the next to last day of poetry month, I ask: are you a poet that reads or a poet that rants? ...Choose wisely.
Also thanks to & for the follows or RT's!
Finished advanced copy of Meagan Brothers' Supergirl Mixtapes last night. Good read! Shld come w index of bands named or soundtrack.
Idk nor care
Let's get ready to rumble! Where are you celebrating #SuperBowl? If you don't have plans, stop in #RedMarlin for some drinks on #MissionBay!
Listening to
Gasol is ready
Fitting way to finish the worst sports month ever, right ?
Why do men think whistling at a woman like she is a dog is a good idea? Is that a turn on for anyone? Anyone?
Showing some support and love to your feed!
paychecks make working with idiots not so bad...looks like i need to reward myself with a shopping trip
it's a start to celebrate Indiana innovators that helps build recognition and reputation. Thx for ur passion, we need more of it
Love may be blind, but it can sure find its way around in the dark!
How are you!
Right back at ya my brotha. Lets get this money. I want the entire Billboard Top 10. It's written. GOD bless. 100
A.J. boatta pierce my eyebrow again :D
My phone is being stupid 😡👊💢
Jaguar Land Rover sales surge offsets Tata decline in April Strong demand for Jaguar Land Rover vehicles helped offset weak sales at pare
You a hoe girl & your friends hoes too, you doin hoe shit y'all sip on hoe brew.
I never said id be drunk, maybe drunk off of white people.
You gotta be smart to stay a millionaire... Been doin my groundwork so when it come
#yougettinpunchedif yo mess with any of my friends
": Thanks for the RT!" You are welcome!
Met w the Hokubai Hochi Foundation about archiving and digitizing their newspapers going back to 1902. Ambitious project, but so cool!
i know. one thing i learned was never fight when theres 20 people supportin the other dude. haha oh well. thanks tho bro
Downton Abbey always makes me happy.
how was the #drunktank ?
If you DO, you get.
Aww thanks! I wouldn't talk smack, I am not that way with baseball, now hockey....haha
so pretty out!!!
Im on a hangover
Its Startin To Get Scary Outside . :o
Wisconsin Playground Elite moves to 3-0 on weekend in NIKE League with 80-69 win over Georgia Stars. Duane Wilson with 19, Jamaar McKay 16.
damn alright, I'm here till the 1st, I need your help with something and we need to do some pad work
Still don't think this Heat team is built for a title
“: At 8-4, #Badgers are back within 1 game out of first place in the #B1G Ten.” Iowa loss will haunt Bucky sadly.
Just changed my twitter account from to , folks kept looking for philo ridge and couldn't find us. so here we are
I understand
hittin up 25cent wings and watchin hoops with da crew! Join us!
I definitely agree
I'm not even going to lie, Plato's Closet is the bomb. Deals, deals, deals
Thanks! Was a great night RT : Cheers! “: Happy birthday to & ”
Lmao that's funny. I'm on a app on my phone so I cant now but I will
actually my mom is driving & its a school night :)driving back to Houston after concert! Shes lettin me miss 1 day of school
...do I even want to know?
please make sure they know I need help to!
Just got tickets to see the #HungerGames again. Looking forward to noticing the smaller details this time around.
have you been to Milwaukee Brewing Co yet?!
I need some InDesign training. Anyone know where I could do a workshop?
How about better yet, I send you some! Send your address to . What style are you most interested in? -David
Lookin at purses
Weird. Got a txt message about National Library Week to my personal phone... no idea from whom!
Mind you, I think we're now seeing phones/devices gravitating to just 2-3 choices of mobile OS's
Thanks for coming out to our free financial seminar with and
At the end of 1st quarter, #UVa has a 145-37 advantage in yardage, but the score is tied 7-7.
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today from 10am- noon at Flagler College’s Kenan Plaza on the West Lawn.
When you're crush says hi and all you wanna say back is ' i worship you' ... or is that just me :P
Take that #IndieGoGo! Our Capes and Claims campaign ended on a high note. Thank you everyone for your support.
Dear student: I dread to think what you originally wrote so that your spellchecker corrected to "peephole" instead of "people."
It would be nice to reduce the backlog, but fast track seemed to favor big corporations.
Could The Black Eyes Peas Academy Spawn Other Celebrity Schools?
#pla10 Was great fun. Lots of walking around and chatting. 6-year-old didn't want to go, but she was a hit.
Have a Huge Wedgie.. E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
Poetry with makes me do happy!!!!!
My butt feels weird -.-
i watched movies in all my classes today. hell yeah
Thank you! Glad you enjoyed the book :-)
Go bucks go!!!! Let's bring the BC down :)
The reason to fill each day with one's best resonates in words from : "You are what you do every day." So true!
Watching King of Queens.
I'm just tryna see what it be like
My last three days in South Carolina! Back to DC/Northern VA on Saturday!
I'd like to finish the film collection manual before I leave for Houston on Tuesday.
On second thought, a 3-hour nap sounds nice
thanks for a dope show this evening and we'll get you the pics from tonight in the near future!
#WhatIMissMost Being a little kid with no stress, worries, or care in the world.
I love to sing&im good at it;but showchoir is so damn borin'
Im stuck in hell was flippin threw the channels and the tv got stuck on the kardashians this show stinks!!!!
I'll never let go
yay for thursdays!
: I wish when you block somebody...you can't see ANY of their tweets.........at all....
One of the best illustrators in the world...
<- the real glen coco ! ": Too many Glenn Cocos on Twitter"
Problem solved, DM away! We're very thankful that you enjoy CRISP! Please join us again soon. :)
And now these three remain: faith hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. I Cor 13:13 Check out our sermon series Love Life Rehab!
me too
harry is in cali?
The cure for apathy is a good hard kick in the ass. Go out and vote today
1-star wanted level. No biggie.
Well it's a good thing the #Yankees got Hiroki Kuroda.
when I plan on hate fucking someone at the end of the night.
Two shows this weekend, Harrigans South Friday, and Jimmies Cornerstone Saturday! Come Rage your face with me all weekend!
R u challenging me? Cause i dont back down 2 anyone, lol
Crate and Barrel? Girl, I've been on Etsy since YESTERDAY.
#ShawFacts Andrew Shaw is Innocent
yes did you?
Row 4 behind 1st base. Check me out on espn!
it's a labatt. All I drink.
#twinorqueenorking we are cleaning bed sheet sets for free during #freefriday ...
You call this winter??
I wish we still had that
Just saw handful of Stand with Walker supporters by Brkfld Sq. Isn't that like looking 4 converts to Catholicism outside a Catholic church??
Yeah i know. But she's my love..
you should have given me a shot at your lungs. :)
I want to eat an entire candy store right now.
Maintenance Tip from our Service Manager: Your Air Conditioning Unit will not work properly if the temperature outside is below 65 degrees.
daym it! i just got back to my desk. and the ugh! thing about it is that i passed those streets w/out even lookin down. dang!
McSweeney's Farm
To all the people who thought the world was gonna end I hope you feel pretty stupid right now
It's probably my top 5 list of most unattractive things to see.. O_O
For one day, step outside of "conventional" and really enjoy your life
I'm so tired! So I'll probably fall asleep early. I hope I do because staying up late sucks.
just suggested that the first interplanetary social network be called SpaceBook
Day 2 of trying to break the
In three words i can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on.
We've friends/family who're white, black, gay, straight, Jewish, Christian, etc. We'll NOT allow POTUS, OWS & media to divide & destroy us!
You were great during the whole DirectTV deal. Congrats on making it through!
Have fun in ATL!!! Go see Joi @ Pal's if u can!! Miss u both!
We will forgive you NBA. Just do what is right! ...Sigma out
this timing for the who's "the best I ever had" is quite possibly the worst ever.
congratulations. Well deserved
Wtf knucklehead?! U r gonna get it for not telling me. I wanna hang. How long r u here
Man you know your tired when you friend ask you tomorrow night at 845 and you ask am or pm. Jeez...
I drink coffee and tea too. Omg I'm just drinking so much so my acne clears up.
The reverse lights on most cars are too dim to provide sufficient illumination when backing up.
Have a safe flight Ari. <3
having a party with all my friends and some family and watching the ball drop. It's gunna be a blast!(:
MBA application deadline is Mon, 5/7. Fall class is shaping up very nicely. Still have room for a few more ambitious working professionals.
When looking at homes, what is the first thing you look at?
well, that's annoying/infuriating. makes me want to do a whole blog post with a
“: #oomf so gorgeous”
My bad: I said ALI was funded by IMLS, which is incorrect. It is funded by NHPRC.
Thank you for following:
Hanging out in an ally with the Eli Young Band!
There's a new roll in town as launches the #UrbanLobsterShackOnWheels this wk! Track that truck for affordable Lobster rolls!
Is anyone awake?!
Statistics may be faulty or unscientific, but never pseudo. Even bad statistics are statistics. I only rely on solid ones.
My mom told me that she doesn't like my short hair -_- then why you didn't say anything before ?
Where can you sip, socialize and share your green ideas? Green Drinks #GSO, of course! Join us tonight @ The Green Bean, 5:30-7pm. C U then!
There are two ways to argue with a woman ... Neither works
NAB 2012 is coming to a close! NewTek was a star! Can't wait until TriCaster 8000 is ready for action!
I checked. I wasn't following her anyway. Who is this random band singing now? I want Justin!
Thanks for the shout out!
Bleed with me and you'll Forever be my Brother.
Well that test went well :-/
Im an idiot. And i love koala bears and pandas. Megan was here!! (:
Longhorn takes Big Apple by storm! Congrats on the new job! Sat. & Sun. AM won't be the same w/o you.
what a cutie
hey yu think i can spit on these joints and yall like executively prod. it we can make a small project dope for promo x shows 2
I have a long list which is more of giving back.With all that money you have to share it cant be greedy.
ok guys tomorrow will be an awesome day cuz tomorrow returns MW3 tip of the day dont miss it it will be every day
4:17pm and Happy Hour is already ROCKING! Join us for a pint and some dinner before you head to Summerfest!
I'm currently eating the chocolate fudge. Classic strawberry still tops the list for me though
that was the best tweet of the day
we could even start a new hashtag for him:
Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #icheckedyes for #OneUnion!
Congrats, Roger!
Carb loading has begun! One of the nicer benefits of a marathon!!
Correction: it's called True Grime: Crime Scene Clean Up. Check it out!
RT : Just got a NYTimes iPhone alert saying that Mitt Romney has won the Michigan Primary. ON IT!
LAWLZ..healthy food. #teamunhealthy I guess when I have diabetes and you don't I won't be the one laughing.
now..If I I come to some place near europe I would need over 100 people ;)
#SaySomething is amazing.
Love to hera more about the chip round! Email me the details
I can't get that Rihanna song out my head!!! Haha ok goodnight
oh! I thought you broke up?!
nothin like a good nights sleep in your own bed.
she said butt. ha ha
Gas at $3.53. Keep falling
Yes, we are celebrating Law Day! It's a big day for those of us at the ABA.
It's one of the few movies that my wife, girlfriend then, went with me to the show.Went to Portland and stood in line for an hour
Controversial? - I think so but most great ideas ARE. It promises to be an interesting venture non the less!
THANK you! You've always been on the cutting edge, Tucker. Let us commence the joyous pinning!
Hey baseball players: Lay off the neck tattoos.
Happy 4th of July! Enjoy this beautiful day Milwaukee!!!
how's your partner??? I miss talking music with one of my favorite twitter listeners!! #
what??? That is messed up!!
1865???? Shit, nobody texted or sent me an e-mail! Lol! That's the way I feel sometimes too!
Lmao....SALTS RT : DeRay look like a drunk Vanessa Williams!!
Happy #Thanksgiving! We #givethanks to our wonderful donors and #volunteers who make all the difference to our clients.
Incredible group of people at #GrowthTrack last night. Leaders, leaders, and more leaders!
Inspiration needed after just one day of school? Not a good sign...
oh so i am stupid. HAHAHA. i'm sorry, i dont have the best memory.
I am at Willis Tower Observation programmed by #DePaul secondlife team. We have a sim of Loop campus here!!!
Needs four $10 sponsors for program book, feature your business and in turn, support a nonprofit scholarship fund! Msg4more!
Oh the things you hear in public. "yeah I drink BudLight, but I don't DRINK BudLight"
you going? I love.
Wowza. Just listened to the Bulls beat the Bucks on my shower radio in the living room with crappy reception. Good times.
i think u and bruce should write a book together based on parenting or combining familys
i love your chanell a?ways giving it up llaod ...
The new Sunday night crew sucks... I wonder if they get fried chicken and beers delivered to the booth.
is saving this world series by still being in it! Other than that worst broadcast ever !!!! SO BORING
. Can y'all plz get rid of those obnoxious expanding ads? I can't read your stories if the copy keeps moving off the screen!
Thanks for listening Eric!
Laser surgery for your pet means: less pain, less bleeding, less swelling and quicker recovery!
Well, aren't you an interesting guy?
this the life we chose
can play multiple instruments at one time.. with his beard.
Who turned you on to Winterson? Someone in the department?
Boutta clean uhp get dressed and be out all day baby. !
you need to meet !
Are you sure it wasn't Vera's show that he was listening to? That gave me salmanellla once
***AYEHOLE PSA**** Pickn ur nose doesn't define you....but what u do with that finger immediately after.....DOES!
I been thinking about forever .
Our expectations ARE incredibly high!
QoTD: "Those who can -- do. Those who can't -- criticize." (Unknown)
Heading out to make the most of this nasty weather!
you used me , i cried , i could careless what happens to you now :D
Lets Go Hawks! Lets Go Sixers!
Sinus infection are no fun... thankful for and antibiotics though!
Anyone seen the changes to Youtube? What do you guys think?
The Dish says rumor has it that TWO new SweetFrogs are opening in town. Exciting!
Not to mention a masterpiece of reptilian westerns!
smh What was it?
btw i found my dress i think but i dont want to post it cause im not sure
am moving to VA ya'all this is awesome :)
I really hope this week is good & goes by fast . "
if you're bored you could help get the word out about Flatt Energy Cola. Happy to send you some.
TO WHERE BBY. Can you take me with you LoL. (I wish)
Is it me or are all the bounces in these pos going phx way?
That wad AWFUL!!!
Sometimes it feels good knowing Friday is just around the corner, because Saturday can't be far behind.
I'm going to be fat if John keeps on taking me out to eat!Ah!
Madonna is so much awesome!!!
good afternoon, did you see my earlier tweet, regarding a MW3 booster?
Kobe is looking very Ewing-esque with those knee pads. Unfortunately for the celts, his jumper isn't
Scutaro. So hot right now.
Catching up on #thevoice. Love it when people live their dreams. Even if it is fake hair (xtina!)
The horse is named Roxy and she's 34 years old!
The much better alternative is the NHL All Star game! Great viewing.
yes(; I sure hope you like talking to me .? :p
You don't know what it means to win.
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
One of the changes in my life from youth to middle age: chair cushions.
Don't forget #April13 #NightShades comes out! L-Deezy & Shaun H's new joint project.
I think you mean the men at the bar who allow her to buy her own drinks are doing it wrong.
a complete github bias, maybe, but that's not the same thing as missing the point of distributed version control.
Can't get enough of that Texas Music!! Fortunate to work with a lot of them. Vast talent pool for sure in the Lonestar State.
Preach Preachah I know its saturday....but come on!!!
oh still cool af
My mom is making me go to school with pink eye :(
Is amazing its 2 in the morning and I'm still in character OMG
Kitty, you're so hot! Send us an email and we'll work out which lucky kitty-lover gets to shoot with you next. :-)
Oh! I was Rting another Pastor friend of mine. He's a NCSU grad. Not Nineveh! I mean UNC.
Not sleepy anymore ...
yes I think you can see the good in people but not be blinded/deceived by what's not good.You still have to guard your heart!
Thank you =)
Just realized/remembered why I love 17th c. Dutch art: ice hockey players in puffy pants! at
RT : If you see a story about "Useless Majors" in which I'm quoted, understand I don't consider ANY major to be useless.
Happy Earth Day Bloggers!
we wonder if will continue to title Prop D "Financial Reform" when a judge throws that title out in court?
RT : Good luck to and tonight in the
Go like ! Or i will beat you with a tire iron.
Had picked UNC to win it all... Oh well; it's still
Realizing your best friend and you drank for 12 hours straight..... And survived.
Oh chill don't sub me.. not in the mood to catch em
See everyone at the concerts!!!
Where were you tonight???
“When you are tempted to give up, your breakthrough is probably just around the corner.” -Joyce Meyer
Due to circumstances beyond our control, The Mysteries of Chaco Canyon has been postponed to Thursday January 12th at 7 p.m.
3rd Annual Cocktails for Courage honoring USMC Cpt. Kyle Van de Giesen is May 25. Donate to KRV Memorial Award Fund. Contact me
AB is phenom. Cannot forget losing the nest egg in LOST IN AMERICA.
Exciting! I guess you and your fab blog got invited? Too fab!
remember when you said Mcmillian was out coached by gentry? Well he was consistently out coached. Terrible with matchups.
oh yeah? Damn I need to roll with u then :)
i just let her take my breath away
Phones shut off, sucky
So apparently I wear cute shoes 'cause buffalo bought all of mine. I should've brought more !
Actually glad the weekend is over.
Alan Webb battling back at Payton Jordan Invitational - News in photos
Don't try to catch a snowflake with your tongue unless you're positive that it's snow.
Puerto Rico is also among the favs!
hm if you try it let me know.
If you desire to be appreciated, praised and loved, give plenty of them.
lol no worries. Maybe next time haha
Never look back ?
Glen burns is kicking some ass and taking some names.
Is there a piano or keyboard in any of the rooms?
Rex Ryan can tell you how many feet are in a yard. Let the jokes begin.
I have that problem sometimes too.
maybe 'friendly' isn't the word. The rant was more about 'making friends'? No doubt that's tough.
What's everyone doing this weekend?
Your comments on sketching are salient. What medium(s) do you use? Is sketching synonomous with automatic drawing? Your opinion.
someone is going to try to make spelunking cool before this decade is over....I guarantee it.
right! They're too cute <3
really all stores
So far unsuccessful ...might end up on Mall Cops by the end of the night
I can't wait!!
Cool! Thanks!
Which Gale resource does WLC stand for?
Any reports regarding Bounty Paper Towels signing on as a sponsor for a certain team in New Orleans has not been confirmed.
and why are better sex guides mostly written by people you would never want to have sex with?
Sipping a 750 of Harvest Ale - brought to me from Kalamazoo by - pretty awesome fresh harvest ale.
my twitter feed is exploding with Egypt messiness. Call me crazy, but live rounds? Time for the hotel
No actually it's for this debutante thing I'm doing (but not an actual cotillion because it's cheapter and less time haha)
I know, let's hope no one notices.
Oh Lord, touch this little child with healing...prayers going up for your family.
Obama's Rolling Stone treatment -- politics to pop - The Associated Press
My day consists of watching the incredibles in french, sitting around in art and then sleeping in yoga.
See I don't know what yal been told , but I gotta get me a big bank roll 💰💰💰
peer pressure
literally they make everything better! And hugs. Hugs are where it's at :)
oh ok perfect
Excited for the #BiblioBash Press tonight...
I only watch the #oscars for the commercials
try the quail with a glass of Ramey Chardonnay and the glazed squash!
ha nice I saw that tweet about the cutest guys on twitter and I was honored to be included with all those famous people lol
about this nigga in prison
Thanks to Holy Trinity Baptist Church for your warm welcome and inspiring sermon. We will return!
This crush just aint going awayy.
Ol turtle looking ass
RT “ S/o to this nigga lol he gettin on the dance floor”
The only thing I eat from Burger King: Chicken, Cranberry, Apple salad w/ranch dressing>>>>>>>>
ahh ya you right
Remember that great feeling of getting 2 spaceships in Galaga...
I can't sleep!!
Last week, author visits in Arlington, Oh, followed by 2 in Fairview Park, Oh. This week: Dayton.
hi guys 96 tweets
yea i no and u probably wished u saw me take a shower right
Grateful for your ears :) <3
Going to bed!
yup i fucks wit ya movement keep it up
went shopping in portland todayy:))
In everything you do: Build bridges, not walls.
Happy Father's Day to all the dads and father figures out there! :)
like it :D ;D
One of America’s founding fathers, Patrick Henry was a two-time governor of Virginia & a strong advocate of the American Revolution.
had to buy a new battery f$&!!
Happy Monday tweeps!
I wanna go home in my own bed....smfh
": it's better to walk the dog then let the dog walk u lol" I know right!!!
#ReplaceSongsWithMindless the mindless her:)(the real her)
Ambient data - information we create as we participate in digital environments
it's alright I already broke one of them this week 9 to go I guess f^_^;)
#How2makeABlackPersonMad step on the new J's u just got
Good word, I'm having a positive influence on you!
let's get together this week to record an episode for our new podcast.
I can't believe I'm actually falling for someone this feels so weird, I haven't felt this way in a long time. I'm very curious and still :)
haha badass girl! I got a B! So hello B! ((: which I am totally okay with. Haha.
Should clarify that I'm not certain that is automated. A cursory look at the account's stream suggests perhaps not.
Shush now...You think you have it bad? They're BUILDING a freaking house outside my window. ALL DAY LONG...argh...
a genuine pot pourri of interesting vernacular
only if we can do earlier. Gota work tomorrow
looks like a pretty cool company to work for. I love the thought about Ramen as a special interest.
yes! She's my lover
Last night before bed: gave feedback on a student's infographic; finalized rubric for this morning's oral reports.
And another thing: if your religion mandates oppression, it's bullshit, whether we're talking race, gender, or sexual orientation.
The Heat are looking pretty bad right now..
#LMSunSIG how can use data to determine what makes a successful student
that might be a job for xul-runner. Could fake a browser session somehow using a small browser?
Yup he want it!!
you love going to the brewhouse? why don't you have us deliver you food again? We miss you!!! Dill chips? Pretzel Burgers?
Haven't Had Enough by Marianas Trench ()
REALLY?! Oh jeez. Really? Wait--the two weeks after the piece went live? I don't see them in the comments? On Twitter? Where?
just saw the baddass trailer for #Excision. You are beyond brilliant! Cannot wait to watch!
The winners of "For The Ladies" are... Congrats! DM your email address.
sperms are dangerous lol
Beautiful day on the bluff. Excellent weekend. Not looking forward to snow on Thursday. You read right. snow.
Dwight Howard is out for the season and it looks like Pacers will play Howard-less Magic in first round of playoffs.
did you get your ticket? hahaha
“OMG, earthquake!” “Let's go tweet this sh*t.”
I think it would be cool if you would cover All Day by Cody Simpson :) Just a suggestion :)
Ha. At least Facilities fixed it!
President Obama tries out Sphero, the iPhone controlled rolling ...
finding the perfect partner is hard cuz their isnt one their is only the righ one
you Jenner girls look so adorable, luv ur style<3
we'll miss u big guy!
Shout out to and Julian for visiting me at work!! I love y'all crazzy asses!! Whoop!!
i'd like to b everything you want(: <3
Um... So my save file from ME3 is gone. All the gameplay vanished. Has this ever happened to anyone with a game on their 360
lmao ok I tought u mean Houston yea u in ur own lil world
Wouldn't be springtime w/o suffering thru #spurs complaining thru #nba playoff game.
How are you #marketing your #business on #socialmedia right now? What platforms are you using?
Making sweet tea :)
yeaa i see. pero i cnt wait to see u its been forever
Bad sleep for me also. (as predicted) Dropped off Kate's car and she's out cold with her new sleeping mask on already.
5 Days until I'm off to Vegas to play some cards.
After you clear your driveway, why not take a Ford Rouge tour today? The snow day has not slowed F-150 production.
1+ year into my master's - and I can finally tell you what the differences are among tags, elements, and attributes. Thanks, :)
I thought Mellencamp was going to be a shoo-in for this one. Maybe next time.
tweet me a question and a number and ill tell you witch ICONic Boy you look good with=D
"Someone talk to me." "Hey!" "Lol, no not you."
Having a large Super Bowl Party? We can supply all your hot dog needs...wings are out...dogs are in!!!!
Audition Tip: When learning a new song, it’s often a good idea to work on the lyrics separately from the music at first.
she is not answering me:(
Great talk by talk about defensive programming, great examples.
Yes! You're welcome to have your crappy ass incessant rain and gray skies back anytime. LOL!
Nugent for the game winning kick!! Bengals win!
and are the best!! You guys make me laugh when I'm down :)
What happens if a car comes? - You die. What? - Just Relax.
The JPA 5K is on August 18th in Grant Park!!! Help prevent and treat child abuse by attending this great event! Visit www.juvenile.org.
That is a tough one. 7.5 wow. Even with Rondo back and Smith out I still think it will be a close game. Hawks will be pumped.
RT : Fun for all! Win a 12-month family membership to the YMCA of Metropolitan Milwaukee! Text YMCA to 71037 and be in......
yeah ave, i care!
QQin foward to all the SLP's being done with their summer vacays. We've been so busy, I miss sharing info and ideas!
It's going to be so hard for me to leave... I know it.
you are correct, that is the unrivaled Wicked Hop Bloody Mary...deliciousness!
Hey girl! Just checking in and wanted to say hi! How's life in the DC?
no! Cause i still make time for bffs!!! 😚
well, depends in what you mean by "relevant".
So thankful for my friends and family!
- nah, but the damn song stuck in my head
hello, i love you :) <3
That man never seems to age. Unbelievable!
Lol you go hard!!
I wanted to see some more alcatraz and terra nova and missing.
“: I cant deny the spurs” ~ that's my girl!
Cool. I'm in W Philly, but it's easy to come east/south. It looks like there are some AWESOME events. Beer+food or just beer?
Support our kids! RT : You can help out UCD Children's Hospital now & talk to ! Call 855-880-6555 to donate to #Careathon!
Don't try taping our practice or on behalf of Bronco nation, I'll jumpkick you in the chest.
so you can't copyright a tweet?
It's pouring outside! I think we will veg on the couch. :)
They counted the last shot??? Oh Lord...someone check the rooftops and bridges
MUST HAVE MORE !
Love my seniors it was real
Great day today, successful quince it was lovely all pink and girly 💁💗🎀
all it takes is hard work and consistency! you'll get there :-) how far are you swimming in each workout now?
I'm watching American Idol!(:
Burger Lounge opened downtown!! I'm very happy about this info.
. & on strategy/tactics: strategy=plans you make to advance goals; tactics=things you do 2 advance strategy
that iJever kid is seriously making me sick to my stomach!!! Don't listen to haters Austin! You have 300K more followers :)
rventura asst coach for HIGH SCHOOL team and wsox hired him! ryno coaches triple-a team to 80-64 record and not good enough?
just sitting here listening to 11:11 bye gorgeous austin <3 (:
you're making me hot! Serious tho, I remember spending time trying to learn manipulate and join data in Python
#LSCon is there a mobile app for the learning activities at the conference?
followed :D
Ouch! Good one.
Spending cuts in England have caused nothing but layoffs, hardship, economic slowdown and #Riots. Do we want the same in the US?
Fellas If you keep attracting fleas, stop being dogs!
Diablo 3 comming out on May, there goes my carpal tunnel...
I just read that one of the brains I was really hoping to see has been vandalized, which is disappointing.
Men in black I? I guess will smith had to pay for another addition to his mansion.
Secrets (the band) answered my message on facebook<3 :3 hehehehe
so this is weird...Diesel fuel smell reminds me of my dad b/c he is in the oil biz & used to clean up spills when I was lil
best show ever!
Good mornin LA
Getting our grub on at Trader Vics with Stacy.
I hope i did well .
I SECOND THAT VOTE.
Enjoying a rare (but well deserved) Tuesday off by doing little beyond what is absolutely necessary.
The most memorable people in your life will be the ones who loved you when you weren't very lovable ~
Whatever keeps the drinks flowing right? LOL
Under handouts, "Google Competition Guidelines (Full Book)" #adv3340 has the post campaign guidelines.
geez Nicki was trying to be creative. whether you liked it or not, can't you respect that?
Next up: Charlottesville schools invest in manual typewriters! How about a class in setting type? Repairing steam engines?
come check out the new batcave... nipsey's so to speak...
I have absolutely no books to read. Any suggestions? Non-fiction or Fiction, anything.
thanks for the follow
Yep, no end in site for those black bags. Restoration *should* begin in March, but no word on an end date.
does the X Factor go live?
#BuildYourFans - Did you know that you'll never be discovered in the music industry if you never become discoverable?
spain today so wont be on here for 3 weeks, if you follow me ill follow you back when i am in americaa, justin i love you have got world2.0
I no it's not official parade but 10or mote midgets in a line counts for a parade in my book
it's fine. Don't worry about it.
Thanks for the follow. Love your website too.
Well, I heard Mr. Young sing about her.
aw thank you! it was amazing! i wish all her fans could meet her :')
People with the gift of encouragement: thank u for utilizing your gift!!! U have no idea how much u impact others! Keep encouraging!
Thank so much for these!
at this time next week, i'll be T minus 12 minutes to the Avengers premier in IMAX 3D
got a little injury hopefully he will be ready by tomorrow for Old Gold practice.
Fight Night baby!!! Yeah! :-)
Disaster Greg tells me that Sonny Bono likes to pick up hitchhikers and beat them with China
I Just Wanna Graduate High School , Graduate College & Live My Life The Way I Want It To Be , <3!
I like that - "be an entreprneur -- only job guaranteed at graduation"
- I was just being funny. No harm intended. Have a great weekend as well. Go Heat!
Looks like dog shit has wound up on shoes. Hat tip to Kris Michele
I wanna go to Kfc nd eat a Famous Bowl
Discriminative actions determine the sanity of a person. As impulsive actions displace discriminative actions one loses one's sanity.
if you take humor away from the uglies, what do they have left? The Food Network?
What do you think ?? --> RT ::: UOFLOL is inferior to UK. Just accept it
Ouch. How are Taylor Griffin's stats looking this year? RT Damn, even Robin has 1
lmao get back get back you don't know me like that
that was fun!
Trying to work out how many mobile phones I've had since the beginning! I reckon over 40! :-)
When my senior year come ima have a blast
4 Leaf Clovers?
oh ok thx anyway
Omg! Rerouted off I43 - man on other side of overpass and police trying to talk him down.
Selling yourself short here I feel...I'd go for Jennings at this point over Choo though
Lets get the band back together! #likeminds RT : #FF to who introduced me to Starwars, Mac & Cat <3er
Lauryn Hill to get my morning going.
In the WORST mood ever smh!!
life is good. You? Did someone make fool of themselves? "Olstad used to do that."
Here now
Tequila Won't Wait! I love it! can I come to your next event?
Guilty pleasure...Gringo Honeymoon-Robert Earl Keen
(1) has lived in the U.S. for ten years, (2) has been a person of good moral character,
Thank you for listening RT : Thank you for releasing a new Ablaye Cissoko album! "Sira" was transcendent
Lmao RT : At least my curls are REAL - And my mother knows who my daddy is, unlike some of you
The Battle of Lexington is finally here! Cheer on the men's & women's basketball teams at 5:30pm as they take on John Jay. WE ARE BARUCH!
same here, its makes me cringe
thats one lucky guy
Training this morning at
for sure!! u know I always show mad love!! so what u got goin on this week?
no one is allergic to waffles. NO ONE.
Durant has higher 3PM% and FTM%. Explain efficiency to me again?
Good luck Emily!! 1/2 marathon is my favorite distance. I'll run 13.1 tomorrow in support of you!
I know right.
Haven't had time to watch ESPN this week but I'm guessing this is what I missed: Kemp Kemp Kemp Harper Pujols Harper Kemp Pujols NATITUDE
"Going up nort this weekend to get away from the city buzz" **lives in Slinger**
Yes, I would be one of those who's checking out on phone while presenter is speaking abt platform
your fans make you who are now! Would you follow me please??
Thanks, they stuck to the paper cups, so next time Pam is my friend.
Loved part 1 of the performers showcase. So fun!
“: EEK! A little late this morning! Will arrive to booth 4134 closer to 11:45 #SDCC” sounds like us yesterday :-)
Had dinner at Incanto, San Francisco, this evening. They boast loose leaf tea options, very cool!
I don't know. I know a few gals that might be on board with being called "the boobs." :)
The tide is shifting to online applications.
The Lizzie McGuire movie is treading.... Good times. I loved that show.
Sure! O Magazine, Psychology Today, TIME, Food Network Magazine and Martha Stewart Living : )
Never become to cocky especially about your game. Anything can happen. Appreciate it don't brag.
some cool things would require an account, but trying to avoid that when possible
Come into M to meet our new additions! Gabriel - Gilad "GG" - and Nancy! Welcome to our M family!
You ain't lyin':):)! I hope so too!
+1 please! RT : Wow, s'more pitch at #tsdday was great. Sign me up.
#YouKnowYoureBroke you look forward to eating Ramen noodles for breakfast, lunch and Dinner
I won my NCAA basketball bracket, this must speed up my American citizenship. I'm even a little surprised my Green Card hasn't arrived yet..
Oh what I wouldn't do
from where is it even out yet?
Installed FireFox cuz Windows Azure doesn't let me log out to use my other Live account. Sometimes SignOut button is just a suggestion.
do your homework!!!
what or when wwII, how do we save ourselves?
if cute boy really likes you he won't care. He'll just be happy to hear from you.
No kidding! And lots and lots of armchair coaches. ;)
you can pick it up from Amanda at our office!
I get jealous!
Hey! Good to meet you. Questions about video? CC
This construction worker saw me walking, while I was on my way to dunkin donuts and he goes "miss ur beautiful but may I say ur shoe" Lmao
"Why me?" "Because you saw me when I was invisible."
Let's see what drama today has in store.
I've been watching folks use it expressively and often for the past few weeks. It's a great little app!
it isn't nice to talk about yourself
Grand Slam in the making!!! Cano!!!
Hm, do I like Twitter for droids or Tweetcaster better?
Legendary race driver and Shelby Cobra sports car designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89.
hey Thembisa. How u making out? I know your glad to be delivering before the heat kicks in. You taking it easy?
Live Blog: Republican Party of Iowa Lincoln Dinner « State Politics
Aww. Thank you! U as well!
3 yr old just said, "It's time to party!"
Italy can really be an issue for the EU since that economy is the 3rd largest in the EU and 3 x the size of Spain.
To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
"Back to Bulgaria Brunch" with
Kristen Stewart puts Robert Pattinson on a diet?
DATE NIGHT: Dinner Theater is making a comeback! Check out the local restaurants that are playing movies while you dine!
We'd love to make you lunch sometime. Stop by soon!
*Hopes and prays that the Flordia heat stalks her back to Chicago and chants* No More snow! No more snow! XD
Why are there never any attractive people at the DMV? Plus it looks like everyone just got out of bed.
SEO Dubai leading from the front |
I think our twitter got hacked. Did anyone get a weird message from us about a funny video of you?
Sounds like an awesome Christmas! Cheers!
Ooh. It might be different for a man going. But I'm telling you, as a female... life is good in Baltimore lol
Hi Brian - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Every time it snows I say to myself "I should really buck up and buy some winter boots." And that's as far as I get with that.
-So you're that popular huh? I think you also try to create a full #artmasterpiece each time you play, which also takes time :)
Ok so go to youtube, type in watch her videos, click subscribe and Bob's your uncle! :')
I've always been curious about whether we should put "Video" in the headline at all, and if so, where. Beginning, or end for SEO?
Thank you for the follow. We sent an e-mail about our Congressional Candidate Forum on May 3. Hope to hear back from you!
All of my followers are gonna look beautiful at prom tonight 💜💃👠🎉
So true": No kid should need $10,000 a month to live smh....child support for folks with money is crazy!!!!"
Thank you. Why it came back on is such a mystery. But we look forward to your rep coming out. But football is on! Yahoo!
S/O from the CEO's of Ganksta Enterprize!!! Thanks for the luv
Heartbreak Hotel is located at 2321 4th St NE in
Reminder: Our central office will reopen on Wednesday, Jan 4th at 9:00 AM. Resource Centers in the residence halls will be open tomorrow.
Working at the zoo on a rainy dreary day. So far, no one is interested in coming, but I can't blame them, I don't want to be here either.
Chilling for a minute!
- #Graduation is upon us! Need the perfect gift? Come into and get a travel coffee mug... HOT OR COLD!!
Dude. Why are the batteries missing from the remote?
U really aint RT : Lol I swear on my last tweet...hahaha😂😂😂
I yield. Bruins need to score on one of these gift power plays though..
thanks for spreading the word!
HA. YES. And then I proceeded to say "BABY!" lol.
Love the Miami sun!
What do we teach our children?We should say to each of them: Do you know what you are? You are a marvel. You have the capacity for anything
Driving on 405 freeway in So Cal today and on a huge billboard #espn is advertising the LSU/BAMA game Jan 9th
i need new talkin buddies !!
Women in Leadership Conference podcasts now available on itunes under U.Va. Academic Lectures!
Can't wait for #StPatricksDay at #MoheganSun !
ugh i rly dont wanna go to school tomorrow :/
It's so nice outside today, we wish it time for the season to start! Let us know if you're as excited as we are!
Clearly. It's no accident that I'm all over the Twitters today.
I don't really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I'm young
A new book of interest: "Words Made Flesh: 19th-Century Deaf Education and the Growth of Deaf Culture." NYU Press.
are you at the new office? I'm downtown bham, I wanna come by and see the digs!
My money it's out of her
wouldn't THAT have been nice!
JAY-Z TIX TEN BUCKS???? I'M THERE!! LOL
I am in such a bad mood. Somebody get me a hot dog covered in sauerkraut, chili, cheese, onions, and mustard.
I was ridin dirty for a min and didn't even know, lol RT Emissions is some bull!!
Why qualify it with "possibly"? LBJ's Great Society package has got to rank only behind FDR's New Deal, right?
Kids are sleeping and I am thankful for some writing time :)
Facebook is down?
Gotta say whats up to my man who's crushing it tonight
When somebody blames it on someone else and you are guilty. LOL!
i love it!
ima get it in NEXT YEAR 2013 SENIORs
And the Oscar for best complaining online about the Oscars goes to...
Hoping to find a car today so I can unload the rental :)
I think your account has been hacked, as you're sending out not so good messages.
My friend is 4 followers away from 2,000, please help her out by following her, she will follow you back!:)
You're welcome... thanks for watching!
We are so happy to be there every month! Are you helping out tomorrow?
hehe thank you as well
If this asshole tries anything, good luck to you. I'm tired of this.
Why waste money on psychotherapy when you can listen to the B Minor Mass?
yessir what you mean one at a time?
Mine too! Super excited for this opportunity!
just chill Matty to fatty. This between Spain, scientology and myself... Harvey Wednesday,
dude its way funner inside
Today I did a total of 50 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups Android app. (Week 3, Day 2, Level 1)
the wrong way if you're looking for warmth
i cant right now im on following limit but when i can srt followinagainill foll her i just need morefollowers
That's me! :D
I was thinking like california guess I was wrong!
i wish it was still a habit for me to just sign onto twitter :(( i miss it
A huge wind storm is a terrible time to live on a boat.
I DISLIKE PEOPLE WHO MAKE THINGS HARDER THAN WHAT IT REALLY IS
Let's do this Monday, you and me
so sweet!
I'm surprised they're even hanging around upstairs today instead of in the basement where it's much cooler.
I need some time. Then ask me if I am happy.
And so it begins tonight!
MY SECRET TO WEALTH! become President of the United States, or become a congressmen or a Senator! This info only $19.95 limited offer only!
college isn't for me but the closest is sjsu
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body
your image is up on the screen because of your tweet,
what's hat size he won't answer me
celerity rehab. celerity fit club. it's amazing. you can now make it in show business by failing in show business.
nice box
that looks amazing! Happy birthday Mel :)
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo spell wrong
Random dude in the drive-thru just yelled he loved my jacket. Strange and awesome at the same time.
dope as fuck! Is that you spittin?
I can't believe JFK had an affair with this lady. She is crazy old! Those Kennedy's were freaks!
Question: which was harder Acy's dunk or take down of Frease?
good stuff, eh?
I dont remember people...you shouldnt have made yourself a memory
Like a tasty awesome trap.
Nice to see both teams wearing standard unis for their bowl game.
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex #SayHelloToMyLilFriend, His name Is Billy and he's a #Dwarf. See him over there
Urgent! Special surprise show this sunday night at The Legendary Dobbs w/ Interscopes hottest new band we need 2-3 support acts rock/pop
WOO OH YEAH!!! My Favorite Bar in Vegas is now following me!!!! Can't wait to see you guys in August!!! #FTW !!!!
It's going to be a rough year. Night games never work in our favor.
how was the rest of the weekend? We collapsed on Sat night, and I basically slept away most of Sunday. Christian seems great!
Only person at the bus stop with no friends. Cool life.
Yup! And I'll find that paleo recipe website and link you. showed me. Pinterest has some too.
Bored hit me up or add me on Myspace
Real Estate Investing TIP-When scanning classified ads, look for terms such as handyman special or fixer-upper
Thank you, Penn Station, for playing "O mio babbino caro". Surprisingly classy and quite pleasant!
>>>MLM News! Adaptogenix( New Company Listing )
Bianca's listening & singing along to 'What Makes You Beautiful' in the shower \m/ <3
i lost my starbucks card - if i get it replaced will i still retain my reward star status from the lost card?
Q3 Would have to say a bit of shamrock juice, some rainbow dew...and Oil Of Olay!
he's got some story. im gonna need kleenex
S. Fish :~ When you submit to *my* definitive arguments, I become immortal. So you young team-builders must have mortality issues.
JP of Douglasville, GA will be making pizza at theHarbor Freight Sales Event today/tomorrow from 11am -9pm. Come out a have a bite with us!
Oh, that's cool mediacom. I didn't want to hear the last three minutes of the Office. Now is a splendid time for an emergency test.
. & are tweeting the Oakland City Council meeting discussion around Alan Blueford's killing.
you are always first on my list!! Much rather see you of course <3
guess ill just sit here bored for the next 3.5 hours smh
I wanna play four square ):
just domain reg, no hosting. Support is good & actually knowledgable. Shopping cart for domain reg also nice, no up sell like GD.
haha they'll fail right away then no longer bother me! Good idea(:
Just sent you tracking via DM. Says it was delivered 4/11. Let me know if not.
They're old enough.
Mike: How would you ever go to prison? The worst thing you've done is your life is steal two E.L. Fudge Cookies from your mom.
Realizing I am out of conditioner 30 seconds after getting in the shower was the highlight of my fucking day!
DON'T FORGET TO LIKE OUR PAGE!!!
well you could have talked to my bestest frann on twitter..and we have talked before..
you probably have a device on you that can shoot decent video, whats stopping you? capture and shame some moments - steve garfield
After many eons of time, the Gods at last looked upon those curious humans tampering with the forests and gardens of the world
i have big thumbs... And my buttons are little on my ipod:(
Are you just jealous that my recipes get more pins than yours?
Having drinks and food with friends. It's been a while since I've been out and I missed it!
but I'm not a Jew so there's no née to be mean !
listening to talk about all the free shit vista print has to offer & surprisingly not that hungry
jajaja I got you homie! Btw You're 👍👌in my book for loving frees.
What a lunch! Everette & Jones in Jack London Square. Um...m God is good!
I'm still on a Noah Puckerman high. #Glee He's so amazing.
Instead of adding every last country to our order form we've been adding new ones when requested. Requested this morning: Slovenia & Kuwait
nah son, i want my hit back kid
“: Just realised not enough on za'atar in new book.” New book in the works? Fantastic news from London chef and author of Plenty
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
he really did tho
Don't ya just hate 2 day old retweets...
you have my number *cough, cough*
do your fans know you are a budding watercolor artist? see, a sensitive side
I read that, absolutely hilarious...covert ops in a technological age.
I'll high five you in those sweet panda undies
It's a fine line between a 'clear conscience' and bad memory!
Doing what passes as "dancing" for me, just wiped out on the floor of 963 jumping to Paramore's "Misery Business". Ow. Stupid flip flops.
'Turnaround', 'Deckchair Orange- Dance with the Geeks', 'Don't You Go', & 'Fanning the Fire' at #OldeTownStadium at 2PM!
might have to explain via a blog post...
cant sleep
Dear Jose, this is not the forum to contact me, my e-mail is . Thank you for yr kindness towards my parents
What's your favorite dinner the night before a #halfmarathon?
Women,Weed,Weather
Thinking it's time for a nap!
their fans will talk smack regardless. They are talking smack about their preseason ranking. They have short man syndrome.
Conrad Herwig, David Bixler, Tony Franklin, Mike Sharfe, and Phil DeGreg burning at the wisp right now!
If the French won on #CincoDeMayo we would be wearing berets and swigging wine right now. Viva Mexico! Check in with Belly at
it is about time!
Hi Jeff thanks for the follow...following you too!
Everyone go follow he deserves more followers!!
ikr i got to go shoppin to day at great lakes
In the wake of all this full cage vs. 3/4 shield debate, I will ask once again why neck guards aren't mandatory at all levels of hockey.
thinks some people need to open their eyes
Let's go
thank you for tweeting that piece jenna!
RT : ": Christan, do you see yourself as the loving slave of a loving Master?"
we love you too!
You just assumed it was, who? The 3rd PR intern?
This LSU game is keeping me glued to the couch! These teams are just to good for eachother!
The Old Busy is kind of confused about all this New Busy stuff.
I wonder how it would be to live in a town with population 900!
Im not going to Florida.
I know.. It's different haha
wuts up with dat track ma dude
:-D si mi Amiga Fabulosa! You have a great day too
SAVE THE DATE | 32nd Annual NBMBAA Conference & Career Expo | Sept. 21-25 in L.A. | www.nbmbaa.org
Thanks, Dan. We think so, too :)
I miss my crew Josephine, Amie, and Hafy! When will we meet again? :(
Make a point to finish everything that you start. Continue your move forward.
Goin to the chapel and my frienns gettin married!
yeah lol so were yu from? ?
Fucking glitter... you can only blame it on your wife so many times before she stops waring it.
Not a UGA fan, but seeing far more purple and gold in ATL so far today than red and black. Looking like LSU fans might take over the dome.
Life has been breathed into my first solo business venture today. My team and I will be taking Indy by storm! Nov 2011 launch date.
still following u be easy
Wish she was single though. Know I probably wouldn't get a chance no way.
I'm here!
it's not how many but who that matters.
burned the aforementioned potatoes while looking for friends on twitter.
I'm in the edge of my NY seat. GO
Thank you Ashley. Well done. ~Richie
very nice. Can you please email me?
I actually enjoy your hugs. <(^-^<) LOL. you're welcome :) Joy goes to sleep now though. :)
Watching Fresh Prince Of Bel Air.
I feel disgusting ----_____----
Little Miss Sunshine!
Chavez&#39;s Advice of Slowing 0.five Hour | Wireless Services ...
Hope you feel better soon!
But really 😒
when you get vip, do you just get the vip or do you have to get a ticket as well?
The other day was a really good moment. More, please!
Someone's trying to trend We Want A New Mahone Single. LOL DO YOU NOT APPRECIATE WHAT HE DOES FOR US ALREADY OR.
Wow just got the shit scared out of me. Talking to my daughter online and a big bang on the back of the trailer. Damn it was a dear.
Maybe the office of public art has an e-blast they'd send it out on? or put it out on the roboto board?(I don't have a login)
Hematology Software helps increase laboratory efficiency.
I'd rather go out and get it "sooner."
thanks for the Friday Follow!
Followed back (:
I am watching WhoDoUThinkUR & am wistful to find out about my stolen history. I want to know where in #Africa my people come from.
LoL. Im in love right now.
Too bad Angelina Jolie couldn't attend the Oscars. But it's nice that her skeleton was able to make it in her place.
IMPORTANT: The press, LEFT, RIGHT,ALL CONTRIBUTED TO MISINFORMATION about the ACA. MEDIA
What a crazy night it was last night at the Indiana State Fair at the SUGARLAND concert! So blessed my family and I are okay! Keep praying!
I assume your flat is rented during the festival?
Jamie's new video > NIP SLIP
Are you ok?? :0
Just had a lovely interview with a writer for my alma mater,St John's College"s quarterly magazine.
in-house counsel getting so much pressure from their C-suites (not lawyers) who want the expenses to be predictable.
My phone is dying slowly although it's charging.. Smh
meeting the players would definitly make my life!! But so would the pleasure to meet a wonderful amazing woman like you g-ma<3
why u frowning
Census site...very cool, Jared, very cool.
Rust Belt Lights, The Tired and True, Legend Has It, & MORE! TOMORROW! Anyone coming?
she actin all sidity thats cuz she know she bad! she make her own money, spend it like she never had!
dude. so I'm walking to the bus stop, & my brother yells out the door that there's a two-hour delay. forrrrreal?
Thanks for following me :) Like me, are you an Etsy Stalker fan too?
My new logo is live!
sadly they do 😔😞😖😭 kmsl “: WHAT HOW HE KNOW WHERE YOU WORK... Damn all the men want a piece of you 😳”
yea, 'subship' sounds like an underdeveloped ship :)
Here's a lunch idea for you: 2 hard boiled eggs from the deli, 1 medium carrot and a banana. Low carb and easy on your wallet. About $1.50
and I are alone in 's room while she's at rehearsal #ihopechristinadoesn'tshowup
I was gonna invite him to my graduation, but idk if he'd go. and idk how to get in contact with him. I'm at a loss.
Finished my last essay woo
Every woman's heart has different instructions. They're written through her eyes, in her smile, through her actions and in her tears.
Your social media deck would be more persuasive if the videos were viewable on mobile devices. They're not.
How is Wisconsin celebrating St. Patrick's Day? Shamrock Shindig Pub Crawl? Erin Parade? A.J. O'Brady's in Menomonee Falls? Talk to me!
“: I need tweetlogix” that shit cost
good luck!
“Let’s get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance” - . If only we could.
I'll come back when you guys do
no problem
. . $1 MORE/gal tax? Hold current tax to keep price down. Drop Subsidies & Tax Oil Profiteers! .
Life goes on, you should too
we will make sure to buy a copy we totally support anything to do with #autism! Very proud of your boy
Last tweet was an excited squeal BTW should've seen the looks I got when I screeched. #Indians are tied
When I was younger I wanted to grow up fast, now I want to be young again.
Missed you guys Thursday. Sorry I couldn't make it but in the words of Arnold.... "I'll be back!"
But basketball is so much more interesting :-)
"And in the morning... IM MAKING WAFFLES!"
will do!
Love being a model
Chill'n in my pj's back hurts so bad gotta get up at 430. Go to sleep or stay up...?
can't laugh. Hurts too much.
u now wat i think..i think justin shud be on silent libary agen but this time wit his friends...haha just a thought cuz i just saw the show
Not gone fishn saturday but going sunday
I wish more guys understood this!!!! Yes!!
And the $3000 People's Choice Award goes to ChrondroPro Biosciences! Thanks to all who voted!
I cant get your smile outta my mind... :)
Haha we must have another sushi sake date then soon 😉
These black people on Jerry springer right now <<<< , clapping their hands and shit.
When me and Dustin go to get mulch and get blew at by stupid people>>>
press it!
Forbes Travel Guide Launches In Shanghai, China
Was honored to attend and help out at last week's Leadership & SunTrust Distinguished Leader of Merit Awards Dinner for ! Congr…
I am so glad it's Friday!!!! Can't wait to relax all weekend
I like the original Blues Clues guy. Second dude is creepy.
Trent Richardson is a 3rd-4th rounder rumored to be taken with the 3rd-4th pick.
They can definitely be super hot! (Though sometimes the squeaks are hard to edit...)
Idaho infant dies from whooping cough amid regional outbreak - Chicago Tribune
RT : Ridge on isolationism: US didn't become great by accident. We projected leadership w/ diplomacy & development
Why am i up so early?
? For what?
YOU BETTA COME ON SATURDAY......OR ELSE I'm a DROPP KICK YOU .. :-)
You gotta be kiddin me
sat with belinda at my daughter Holland's soccer game last week. we had a ball! she is doll...don't know how she puts up...
Oh. My. God. She turned her car off in the middle of the road.
Talking about LibraryThing with a coworker
lol, you know where to get one! Auction details will be released tomorrow #SGD11 RT : I want a Chelios stick!
Thank you for the best night ever with
ahh shucks, gee thanks! *kicks dirt with hands in pockets
Fairfax Choral Society will audition new voices on June 1st. See fairfaxchoralsociety.org for details.
TMZ reports Davy Jones of The Monkees passed away.Is this true?
Pre apartment/house hunting sucks!
Made a bed on the couch to enjoy the
Looking forward to the writerly conversation > Thanks for following me!
In Tacoma ~ suggestions on where to have lunch?
Grad UO last year. To me, it's just normal. Nothing "new" about it. This gen of UO students collectively yawned @ the story.
Hey Matt, thanks for following! How's your Friday going so far?
If you don't love me at my worst, hopefully you'll still blow me at my best.
Great job by Brent moron of hitting into yet another DP.
Olivia's attention to detail. She is a machine! I hope the real Olivia writes a book.
(: how are you?
About to get my hair done……Lol, I still don't know what I going to get :/
Thanks for the
Tonight's triple noir feature has turned into a QUADRUPLE feature! I'll be a full fledged gumshoe by the end of the night.
Goodnight ❤ happy early birthday ❤
So happy to hear it! RT : My mom is thrilled to FINALLY take off some lbs. I have not seen her this happy in too long.
sure, followed :)
fine :) what are u doing this day?? ;)
Nice game, Marquette! 10-0 for the first time in 10 years!
