Interesting research in MW today identifying 18-24yr olds groups: Go Getters, Passive Massive, Cotton Wool Kids, Shundergrads & Minimum Rage
Do you like us?? Tell Your Friends!! Open till 9! :)
- If you leave, my Interesting Anchorage list and my funny librarian lists on will be empty.
If you are thinking, you are
Are there any librarians out there?
Why is mise en place important? Easier to correct your mistakes!
It's going to be a FOWL day for WISCONSIN...
:-( Tomorrow will be fun though!!!
I hate you.
so true!
good question... maybe honest johns or motor city brewery?
haha, actually, i was going to do just that but couldn't fit it all
I just like to write things with a pencil and a paper rather than on a computer. Everything just flows better for me that way.
A small part of me is kinda glad I'm on his block list. No wait…that's a _large_ part of me that's glad ;)
Friday treat: chats with crew over pizza re: innovation & #GoodIdeas! Video to follow on Monday :)
thanks! really appreciate that :)
everything is a lesson if you use it knowlegde is the key
Looks like the perfect pick me up :) How is your day going now?
Thats whats up well I wish you the best. Stay in touch and hit me up whenever you head back this way
I will my sweet! I would love to see you all for Xmas! Have a super great day!
I'm at Wix Lounge for #pubslush event.
I love talking hoops with other coaches! great to meet some other guys from around the nation that share your philosophy
": I am Irish and I love potatoes." <~~ I just don't live in Ireland. I NEED to go back.
actually excited to get ready today, because I have actual plans! :)
#MyChildhoodHeroes Powerpuff Girls, Courage the Cowardly Dog,arnold, etc etc
Are you ready, El Paso? Librotraficante event will bring mind altering prose in a WEEK to the Borderlands.
How have you been love??? love your profile pic =)
bet they don't kick it to 3
Muggy warm overcast day just got weirder now that the winds have kicked up dramatically. If ever a storm presaged a zombie swarm this is it
"studyin" is about to be my daily tweet for the next few days...
thanks, Leah!!! Sorry for being late.
def want to follow up about what we talked about.
(c)twitter? Because this is really bugging me, and I want people to know how I feel, and you have like a million(c)
sends email asking me to contribute to money bomb for to defeat "obamacare." No links.
Since when did Pitbull become the go-to salesman for drink products? I doubt anyone can have that much fun drinking Dr. Pepper.
Dr. Joseph Kerschner appointed Dean and Executive Vice President for MCW.
depends. If you need to match exact colors or want sharp text: gif; if you want transparency: png; photos and otherwise: jpg
You are down by 0.14 points right now. Wow!!!
Everytime you accomplish a goal become that much more determined to reach higher, never become complacent. Live strong.
I'm on my break talkin shxt to this white lady OMG! I'm out to work before I get ghetto & smack white off her face .
sorry not tomorrow. It is something we will be discussing in our future meetings.
Really? There were Indo-Europeans called the Narts?
Love to cuddle her Love to make her blush Girl I cant get enuff Cuz I gotta be next to you.
No problem. We all need a little motivation.
So Siri's favorite phone is not an IPhone but the Lumia 900. Hilarious!
I'm bored , Tumblr time 😍
Credit card company called to alert me to a fraudulent charge. There a thief out there about to be very disappointed with my identity.
If he showed remorse, who he was at 17 isn't something I'd hold against him.
I'm good still young but tall!! Haha lol
get lou off the broadcast thanks
..I wanna be surprised.. let's see what happens this year ;) very curious about the best new artist category!!!
i recognized you had to follow lol
why couldn't you wait till June 21st!? Then my dream of meeting you would come true! :D
yeah I'm waiting on atmosphere!!! :
Who knew that Blake was such an intimidating defensive force he caused three dif nugs to pass the ball in the lane.
Always smile Bro! Follow me!
MARRY ME ?
you must be on the train ahead of me. I'll be the guy at center ice, row 8, with the large #Flyers puck head.
I'm sorry but Morgan Taylor Porter sounds so right.
Wet Dreams know they da shit...
yess under the everything tab!
Need someone to talk to. Bored out of my mind..
Facebook is buying Instagram? UGH FB just go away
Eric Brethenoux,IBM.Get close 2 customers.Devices generate data/second. Who you are changes that quickly too.
San Diego Science Festival Expo at Petco Park tomorrow, 10am to 5 pm. Come out & take the da Vinci Surgical System for a test drive!
QoTD: "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Yum nutella for breakfast :D
please. I'm willing to trade.
lol how was I not already following you?
how old are you?
we can't see it here. clouds. :(
Looking at the screens, #Gold is trading up over $1800, #Oil is steady, Gasoline down big, hmm, #DOW and S&P slightly up on the futures.
Hey Girl Let Me See You Get Low
Shapiro Library looks really good! Had a nice walk around central campus today.
Seriously when r u gonna be on?!
RT If I'd killed a kid +wanted pple to know I was innocent,I'd open a Paypal acc't,fire my lawyers +talk 2 Hannity.Who wouldnt?
going back to florida tomorrow. i've never been so excited for heat!
Nobody in the studio had the nerve to say "Escuse me, Mr. Bono, that's not quite right..." #nocojones!
- there is currently one being built in DC (expected to open in June, I believe). Go to www.educareschools.org/dc for info.
Sorry, I meant deivin, auto corrector !
I wanna unfollow everyone but it'll take literally forever and a day -__-
Check out He has a new CD out, mixed by Cj Snare lead singer of Firehouse. Contact me for review or interview
Follow me and ill follow back!
Whether you're starting your own business or joining a different industry, making a mid-career move can be a challenge.
Researching human interests. Do you know any great bibliographic resources?
So what goes on?
I have both Landry's and Antrel Rolle, being a Ravens fan I have a hard time benching Dawan every week, what would you do?
hey hey hey hey ;D
I do have my moments. I like to refer to myself as eccentric. It sounds so much more classy.
Getting caught with a flip phone is like getting caught with forces on lol
Oh my what a finish in Man. City. Wow!
everyone under 21 is going to be on the balcony. people do not pay money to see an ariel view of an artist. it's ridiculous.
RT : The creator of #Doritos is no longer with us, #RIP #ArchWest - A serious loss for the munchy community
oh my!!! I'm drinking HotSauce over here!!!
God, I love football!
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
Mari Payton has a story on a high end dating service that lawyers tried to prevent running.We will show it at 11pm
Long day tomorrow. Bikes, bikes, and more bikes.
yes it is
Great catching up with you this morning! I'm proud of you man!
Hi Sara...happy new year and thanks for the RT. Hope your holidays were good.
no doubt. And our AC was acting up too.
before you leave we better hang out.
won my volleyball game and my soccer game!! yay!!
Thanks, Catherine. Much appreciated, especially coming from a fellow professional.
I couldn't finish The Road. So bleak. I do love Cormac McCarthy. All the Pretty Horses and No Country for Old Men are favs.
Wish I could be there, too! Rely on y'all to let us know all the news. :)
Haha no problem. i love you too..
please you bra has more stuffing than a build a bear! don't try me bitch!
good morning gerry;) how are u my friend??
She just got back from Atlanta where everyone's beautiful - she's not just that bitchy.
Q: What's the definition of macho? A: Jogging home from your own vasectomy.
Don't tell nobody, just keep it on the low. Not your bestfriend, not your cousin, nobody's gotta know.
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake for sure , no doubt 😍 , unless.. Well ya know.. Unless he said no ..
that's very unfortunate
Lmfao damn! RT Your Sex game is WEAK if you're hitting it from the back and she chilling texting somebody else.
I knew so much more about parenting before I had a child...
Why am I still up
Hi Jeff! Thanks for your tweets and interest in GoingOn. Would you be interested in a demo of the product? Would love your input.
Thanks for the RT :)
I ain't gonna leave you. My people told me that I should but I need you.
It takes as much energy to smile and think positive as it takes to be sad. So get up, take a good look in the mirror and smile!
Dear sluts, stop getting impregnated. That shit aint cute.
hah! I got OpenLDAP to do my bidding! Of course I had to piece together how from about a dozen "how to's" but I managed it!
Steve your picture hangs in half of chicago's restaurants
I guesses....
I had a dream last night where I tried to access the Internet in a restaurant using a shortbread cookie. That is all.
Ha! Boob sweat is still my favorite :-/
If I answer the phone during sex
Im for bike night, motorcycle rally... later 11:15 @ the prospector (via )Thankd for stopping by
me too !
Thanks for the follow, Darlene!
Giving special ops the reason why they are doing what they are doing, not just how to do it. Higher stakes than art history!
just an FYI is Randizzle14. Pay him no mind, he is irrelevant.
Tri Cities advances.
Gotta Early Christmas Present this Yr. That Made Da holiday a lil warm and a little soft.
"Sometimes I think it's a shame when I get feelin' better when I'm feelin' no pain." -Gordon Lightfoot, poet
thanks lady!!! we survived, just barely :) now for unpacking...oy! that may come AFTER nov. 28 :)
PK, don't you DARE make me cry!!!!
Rest in Peace #DickClark. We will miss you this New Year's and every New Year's after that.
Haven't been in a Wal-Mart since they decided to carry nothing but Angry Birds-related merchandise.
cupcakes at #QCMerge! Best. Conference. Ever.
You has a new follower :D meh!
Clippers, Dodgers, Lakers and Kings: WINNING and Pujols finally hits a homerun. Has there ever been a better time to be an LA sports fan?
Water conservation with one phone call? We've got it . . .
why would anyone appreciate that rat?
Lord, Give us a compassionate and giving heart. Bless us, so that we may be a blessing to others!
Thanks for the RTs Dan!
Have you started your Vitamin D3? We need a minimum of 5000 IU in fall/winter to supplement sunshine! Better get yours! Prevent S.A.D.!
#instantturnon if you can hook me up with a coffee mug signed by jeff gordon
Retweeting people like the person I just retweeted >>>
because at the end of the day I still want to make sure you're okay. I dont care to fck people over, I'm not like that.
Hello im trying to write a book, but I need help with a sentence or two. Can u help me?
Cheers! I sing it with you.
Planet Fitness ?
I don't care what anyone says, i'm going to get that I ❤ Ariana cup. Time to go cup hunting.
Pumped up kicks reminds me so much of summer
send us a note at and we can try to help you out!
hhahaha. SURE DID.
We have a new server ready - vpn-co31 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
Don't ever ask for our support again, You are like the rest of Dems... The Maffatt Family
Let's do this casting
If you don't like Red Dawn, you're as bad as the commie pinko bastards #Swayze and #Sheen take down in the movie!
« what'cha doingg ? (:» not to much, just at a football game and you?.
FYI: Don't ever call an American Prog liberal a "conservative". Just don't. No matter how 1describes it, u still offend
Got it...will explore this weekend. Wish you had some growers in Italy, I could map all the Baralo's in my cellar :)
omg yes we have to do this
beat dr.jack inna game of chess once at the homie eddielepps house in cali..
BABE LOOK AT PICS FOR PROOF
Happy New Year!!!
me too
1,001 followers! Hell yeah! I love you guys!
There's a conv store on the ground floor below the Holiday Inn and there's another one on the second floor on the East side
Back onto the power play. Time for a lot of missed chances!
Good Morning !
lmao I know I'm jk, she's looking for someone her age :P haha milf?
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
a buddy of mine knew a guy who oft took for granted that knowledge; the same person got cancer.
At the end of the day, all we have is who we really are...
Ordinary Girl
PaperDesk, the Popular iPad Note Taking App, Announced ...
Feeling alone in a crowded room...smh metaphorically speaking
I'm so pist
well get some girl!
Grimes grimes grimes grimes
Its so beautiful outside.
sorry I wake you goodnight xoxo :-)
Any video converter with videos from youtube. hahaha
She's good in small doses. She shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a TV studio, imo.
Knowledge becomes power when it is paired with action. Get out and participate. www.GreenCenturyOnline.net
Thats When The Convo Dies And I Stop Tryna Help You Out...Stop Saying OK!
instead of subtweeting, let's collect money
Intimidated by makeup? I thought you were fearless?
Who uses direct messages...
Hey, whatever happened to Hot Hot Heat?
would someday like to have a BJJ mat installed in his garage to roll around on, so I can kick my son's ass.
"The #transference is indeed a cross." -
that does suit me perfectly ;)
Paella, wine, family, and chocolates!!
Ah, that means I wont be able to go to the gym o:
Long day, lots of work - time for some ballet.
Hey what it do
Trying to be cool hanging with what should we make them for breakfast?
Looking for attractive models in the LA area for Coachella! Please email with photos. Dates are 4.14-4.18, ALL DATES
WILD CARD WILD CARD!!! ADVENTURE HERE WE COME!!!!
Missing my baby
Can Twitter really be useful in academia? II'll be listening in today #TwSIG - Tweet this SIG!
Thanks Shane.
All in all I had a wonderful day...
I would too RT : Random girls are always trying to kiss me =\
- That's awesome.
are the investors/teams more geographically dispersed (nat'l or int'l)? Or still centered in silicon valley, bos, NYC, etc?
Thanks for the follow and mention! Cheers.
My mother in law turns 92 tomorrow. Candles I bought for the cake say 29 though. Don't you hate it when that happens.
Everyone is drunk tweeting and shit and I'm at work....bust!
Release my anger in APC !
Taps culture's animosity toward "media," and of course now people are part of media.
the artist doing my makeup tonight was just telling me about this show and how amazing it is and now i really want to watch it
Hehe... I'm just learning from the best >>> ! Love workin' witcha'll, such good energy!
I'm moving to Italy. Pizza, pasta and paninis for the rest of my life.
CNN just announced Prime Minister Gordon Brown heading home from his holidays to take control of London.
(U kinda have a boy band) Can't play drums with knives so....Hug it Out! Great minds think alike!
Michele Bachmann Actually Thinks She Was One Old-Timey-Serial-Killing Clown ... - Jezebel
Colts game tonight with
Peru withdrawal.
I'd be happy to help; let me know how
It's time for The Walking Dead! ZOMBIES!
#middleschoolmemories everyone calling me a pothead, but now when i run into people i went to school with, they smoke bud now ha...
You know it's gonna be a good lunch when one of the ingredients in your sandwich is listed as "buttery goodness."
oh ok
If you're forgetting to rename your images as your keywords, you're missing a valuable SEO opportunity!
Thank you...
did you took pictures with them?
I know.... I've been more of a reader than a tweeter lately. Very busy with client work and haven't had much worth sharing :)
1 - Hanson's Every Word I Say. 2 - Carbon Leaf's Love, Loss, Hope, Repeat. 3 - Butch Walker's Day Drunk and now I am regrettably on Gotye.
Do not take what is not yours whether from a person, a community, the wilderness or from a culture
so good to see u on the scene again, I prayed 4 u when #Whitney passed, u were a real friend to her.
Woman to one side wants to talk to me about my shoes. Woman to left singing to herself. Outloud. ->why DPS is a twice/decade occurrence 4 me
Less than 2 weeks to cast you vote for the 2010 Viewers Choice Awards! Go to www.BestoftheBayTV.com to submit your votes!
I know u like them young but 15!? Really! and in a car! U r smarter than that.
oh wtf I didn't know !! haha that's chill(:
How can healthcare professionals be compensated for time spent on digital/phone patient engagement? Are new 3rd party payment models needed?
Mayor RT Rybak just spotted heading toward Governor Dayton's office.
Thinking about expanding my website.....
Updating the company site. Fun stuff. Can't wait for everyone to see it.
lmao I can see boo.
Anyone got Skype? tjustbeingme is mine.
to backup eli in new york
Middle & high school admin, there is an workshop in Stockton, CA for admin Sat 2/28/12. Join us!
This time next yr. I hope we're talking about Mark Sanchez. He's had an amazing run these playoffs. His confidence grows with each game.
wonderful, inspiring piece on Sam Ugglee. Wife and I loved it, thanks.
I never wanna go to prison.. these dyke bitches are cray cray
Support Local Music!! Facing Oblivion has a show January 15th at Cervantes. Check them out!!
Looking forward to taking the wife to The City for her first night away from Mac...but wondering is she? Separation anxiety expected...
Im not talking about career numbers, just this year.
have you been to el sultan in portland? amazing felafels...
Please do not tell me they are going to try to have Ben & Amy happen again -.-
Guys w/ Braces >> Soo Freakinn Cute ! (:
Make sure to find us on Facebook! ;)
Why cant some nigga's get along at parties then end up fighting about dumb crap.
iPhone 4S Ultimate Bike Pack Turns iPhone 4S into a GPS Bike Computer - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Saw "Red Tails" 2day. Fantastic!! Support Wk2! George Lucas said "as close as your going to get to Episode 7" No need 4 costumes though.
Guys that are have tattoos and piercings >
Guess ill Whatch BasketBall and Go Over Myy Book
ATTN:all unsigned rappers,singers,dancers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
yay! I'll be off around 4 or 5 and I'll come straight to see house
haha! You didn't have another one about you say I say? 1 of my students said, "u say data, I say dAta." That's a good one!
snowing in Seattle. Cost a $1.75 to get here from San Diego today. drinking a Dead Guy Ale watching the snow downtown from the 28th floor
if you're in town next weekend let's grab drinks!
I give because 1 in 6 families in America are hungry.
ATTENTION #ChristiansGirls FOLLOW she is the ultimate
All out stores are open 7 days a week. If you need any cooling or A/C needs this weekend don't sweat it, just come in and get "chilled out"
No you're the one that lives far! Not me :(
Dont follow she's rude
getting dressed then getting my check:
DayDay ugly country black ass so country!
RT : There's a White Belt Intensive at my Studio over 2 weekends in August (10-12 and 17-19). I can't wait!!!
Heh. “: Kate Upton, guys. I'm not mad about it.”
The dreamers are the saviors of the world.
End of the 1st period & the #Wranglers lead 1-0 over the
Mammoth was awesome. Fresh powder and not freezing temps.
Being a teacher is hard :/ ugh but kids are napping so break till 2 listening to
does anyone know that iTunes/iMatch/iCloud is changing playlists and removing the digital books? missing over 1700 files
Thanks, Gio! Appreciate it.
Me n my girls just gonna be coolin it today
decided to test the load in speeds of Facebook and Myspace, and Myspace is faster. It is still slow as a quicksand drowning.
“: Flo-Rida makin that dough he raps on every commercial, the white folks love him”< that's all Boston ppl listen 2 he they fav
whats the point of showing the USA vs Ireland Rugby WC GAME a day late. Everyone knows the result. You suck
Save your purse. Ask your favorite restaurant to carry GourmeMist...
The spammers need to become a little more innovative with their pitch.
thank you kind sir
Nicks with a David Tyree-like catch for a TD to end the half!!!
On nights like this, I wonder why I chose to leave my guitar behind.
TOMORROW NIGHT get 1/2 off our pepperoni, sausage & peppers, or eggplant & fennel pizza. PASSWORD: INFINITY Dine in only.
Right; it's like being "more accurate"
Aww! Love that girl! Kerry is a beauty!
but some remarks were inappropriate. he dismissed all of our female membership as mere "secretaries"
tonight! Who's going to ?
How are u? How is life treating ya? I hope everything is going good
im text yu know then -.-
I burned my oven. And the chicken that was in it. I should just stick to Cheerio's for dinner.
This is Crazy!! FULL HOUSE!! wit Tony, DeRAY, DAVID & Deon & Sexy Marlo, IT GOING DOWN 2NITE!!
thanks for the RT. Hope to see you there!!!
lol no. Twitter is fucking with me. I RARELY block people.
No clue how Ovi lifting his feet to make a hit is still a talking point. Old news. He's been doing it for years.
The beauty of the body can bring, but only the beauty of the soul can hold.
Young Samuel Butler sent off to new Zealand to think great thoughts and understand Darwin.
Who remembers when F.P. Santangelo (while on the Expos) was hit in the face with a pitch and broke his nose? Think he was trying to bunt.
we try and we fall, but we live another day.
Poised Creation is now building our network of non-profit charity organizations to work alongside.
. Can we count on your vote to help us get a #VAGOP controlled Senate? Vote #GOP TODAY
On a scale of one to a raging boner I want cake
YaYayayayay!! One day in March friends! RT : I'm not leaving until Friday now!
I thought Brock Lessner would of came out after taker victory to set up next year
Wish I wouldnt had twisted my knee at work yesterday 😣 payin for it today!
yup, at the end of the day, family is what is always there for you (and family-like friends).
If we had karaoke @ our private club, would you join? Hit me up w/ tweet or @ myspace
I'd love to. Any day but Monday works for me.
I will!
are you suggesting I bruise your lips to achieve that color? *grins*
WATCHING PUNK'D
Yay!!! Ladies, let me know what transpires with this!
did you hear Sparky giggle like a school girl when Gary said that on the air today? Made me laugh..
lmao word he did! I wonder if #JCole watched Sivaji? #inspiration?
Gorgeous out! Love it!!!
because my lips are even more Nom Nomy than brownies.
How do you save a drowning mouse ? Use mouse to mouse resuscitation !
Anyone thinking of traveling the world this summer? Where would you want to go? -PT
While packing, I have become completely obsessed with the show, "Amish: Out of Order." Obsessed. I want a buggy.
Man. Im not ready for real life yet! lol
Apple should green light full app release today. Seeing some confusion with customer base over free app.
your girl is so high maintance I don't know how you do it bro.
Just be happy you still have the western coyote out there. We have the "new and improved" version here in the east.
Aaawwww... Here u go.. Loll!! U know u gone always be my #BabyJoker ;)
You can't just go to a commercial after that!!!!!
YES!! I already told Kari I'm in for sure. Done and done. You know I love me some 80s bands. :)
yeah I saw them at Warped Tour two years ago I really like their Favorite Fix CD
I absolutely adore you! So great to see you have an awesome week!
Tonight!!! Tonight!! Club 212 Bunny Bash
haha yeah I wish
The guy infront of Walgreens made my day! with
Got through Physics without presenting.
Thanks for the RT last Friday! Hope you had a great weekend!
Dolce bag, Dolce chair, I should get some Dolce hair!! Since we talking Dolce maybe I can lend u hoes a pair!!!
We only have 7 classes left in my English class & he wants us to read the book Fight Club
Good lift In
nice shades! We gotta link up on the show swap. Id like to tell u ab #TheUnionNetwork & intro u to
Going to bed!
either works.
loving the Disney tweets. Hope there's some adult beverages at the end of the rainbow?
Check out ' resource about the IRS' revocation of certain NPS' tax-exempt status.
Hi y'all, sorry to bug you, but could you check out this band? They are called "Wellington" #OneMoreTime is their song ty :)
Woot! RT YAY! I'm so excited! My chubby baby boy needs some professional photos.
Jealous! Have a bowl of chowdah and say hi to Wally the Green Monster for me. Boston Bound.
Put hairspray on it before you wash it :))
Back in the day the only reason I would watch a Chargers game is because of Junior Seau !!!
confirmed flights for Palm Springs. It's going to be a great day.
Pernell McPhee is about to become a NFL superstar.
♥ Biking really IS for lovers! Lovers of health, nature, adventure, & humanity. We love our community, which is YOU! Happy #VDay, Friends! ♥
r u going to the lmsa conference in February??? Its in boston
im sorry i wish it was 5:30 so we can do our tinychat
Here at #AASL11 - first person to come to booth 330 gets a beautiful black t-shirt free if you say the password "Finland"
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
What are you in the mood for, and how many in your party?
Christopher Meyer on #compliance: "Some of the biggest risks facing universities right now are changes to the False Claims Act"
watching the #crunchies online right now, would love the Nokia phone!
RT : Follow and I'll follow you ~
oh hey jake, follow us randomly. love ya too boo (;
Check out this story. He is the David Peed of the west coast. es.pn/z7E2DU
yes! I'm going to check them out after work. I was thinking that would be a good option!
IT: You broke it. Me: Yes, but I learned something. IT: What's that? Me: Not to do that again.
Jeremy Kembel sums up Social Self-Service as PIE (People, Information, Experience). Apt acronym for a session right before lunch.
Hello Nice to hear from you. I believe that we know Phil Lazarus in common. Have a great day.
maaaannn what I do now?! Lol
Health Tip: Cantaloupe & other melons help reduce blood pressure. Check out the benefits of other summertime veggies at SpiritMag.com
is looking for suggestions on how to forecast for repairable items. How do you forecast when a tool is gonna break?
m. hot chocolate.
Watching Aeon Flux with the boy. Because my mission is to turn him into a scifi reader.
Great meeting you today at #sdsms. Hope to grab a #craftbeer offline sometime. Cheers!
hey whats up, you game?
my computer doesn't like tumblr. i can scroll through, but i can't make a picture big or reblog anything
who r you
I may not be religious but I'm spiritual.
Speaking of spam... RT “: Who co-founded Apple? A)Steve Jobs, B)Bill Gates. Text your answer to ********* and Win an Apple Prizes!”
Dude, Idk how you assemble 45 minutes of relevant footage about this man. Segments on his endorsements? Lol
court/spark
Sorry guys: I have never knowingly listened to the Beastie Boys. How else can I annoy the Internet today? Admit I'm not a big Star Wars fan?
Big things soon. Stoked for the show Friday, we will have a suprise!
Obama message focused on the WE rather than the ME- Scott Thomas
I don't have a link. I'm working on an article but would like it published with a photo. :)
I can't wait to see the all new Shake It Up with special guest star !!!! I <3 YOU
I'll seriously do it ;D
Thanks for the follow! I might have to post an old pic here of u & I from when u were 12. HAHA!!!
just waiting for you to notice me(:
A very Happy Birthday to my sexy husband ! Love you!
If you were to pummel , wouldn't it look like next level Gertner style fighting with more arm flailing?
It's GORGEOUS!! Happy Mothers Day!!!
you were a good expendable person! :)
where are you going to college? :o
ur an ass
Just cause we broke up doesnt that I dont like you anymore ?
Friends, thank you for taking even just a second to check us out. we are here for you. for those just wake a cup of black will do well
Waiting on audio file renders—missing my eight cores of awesomeness.
am correcting my prior tweet to say AND you have impressive intelligence. Truth.
Is it normal for musicians to have withdraws when coming off the road?? #imisstour :-(
I hope that doesn't happen.
Who is the new owner?
Stay tuned..Smiles
I'm going to take a wild guess (based upon 37,325,632 basecamp email messages) that is working tonight.
Its too early for a juggalo.... but i gotta wake up and slang dis herb.
Sitting on top of a meatball
Scott's Tots
I have a blog idea abt a GIRLS ONLY trip to Portland, replete with a stay on the waterfront, drinks, desert, spa services.
Congratulations Rahm Emanuel: Chicago's yours now (as if election was ever in doubt). It still looks OK, but the cracks are starting to show
Hi mr Azbell it's Harrison did we win our first game?
Don't feel good at all, Shower then hopefully bed.
If I knew we'd end up at the bar I wouldn't have drank so much at dinner... Goo to see old friends!
Good luck for Sunday - what's your take on Tito being let go?
At Wing Stop with my bf >:D
Is it too early for #Wineparty ?
well i go to a tech school and im transferring to public so there was a fair chance <-Kelsey xoxo>
it is quite good, but a bit boozy at 10% abv. I don't mind though.
": How to spot a hater: They tell you they don't want what you have"
#CentralFL,what did you think about the #Avengers movie?
Brilliant drawing of bald Britney Spears with an umbrella bahaha
Cat's Cradle is now one of my top favorite books. Wow…
SO DAMN HOT.... FACEBOOK DISABLED MY ACCOUNT. UGH. IT WAS PROBABLY A DISGRUNTLED FAN LOL OH WELL ON TO THE NEXT ONE LOL
one of my cousins is moving to MN, which resulted in a convo w/my family about whether or not MN is part of the MidWest.
That's an erotic picture :)
Why Big Wealth Flows Straight to the Top
Yehh buddy, Great refreshing shower..
whatup! Been a minute man. If you're free come down to the studio this week.
Convicted killer Walter Casper back in jail on parole violation. Victim's brother says it's not safe for him to be out
Miley says she’s not a role model, she gets hate. Miley tries to be a role model, she gets hate.
Going out this weekend?? Always make sure you have a safe ride home. For the lowest rates in the city call VIP Taxi at 520-300-3000
Yes, please come have a bite and a drink while you're here! Thanks for the love, !
I don't know what you said about the band, but I'm just gonna assume its positive :) thanks!!!
We're about to go get lunch...any suggestions? What are you all having today?
At the end of 70- the Mercedes Benz have only 3 persons at Moscow- Breznev, Visotskiy and Karpov
Oh my and with a Zac Efron reference too. Nicely done!
God has no Phone, but I talk to him. He has no Facebook, but he is still my friend. He does not have a Twitter, but I still follow him.
me too!! I had a coach wasn't great (another story) love how she coached the young man to be a landscaper now that is coaching!
"Someone will blow the whistle on your heroes" -Robert Storr@ archivist symposium
Sometimes there is a chili dog.
Dreams don't take vacations when people do. - Gone.
Latest on the Hialeah shooting is coming up on NBC6 after weather
Phew, publishing an ebook is difficult in terms of the formatting process.
Good Morning!!!!!
I dnt want "The Perfect Nigga" I want a faithful, loyal nigga who I can trust :)
500K three days before 3/20 election really puts the lie to fantasy of Martelly as outsider fighting entrenched old guard
isn't #pinterest the best? Its like an elegant mosaic of bookmarks. :) Clever.
Looking forward to tonight's escapades with - where will we end up?
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Oh, they have much more than that.
It's all about the rhythm.
Did Peyton Manning just get snapped for only winning 4 mvp's and a superbowl?
Another great day to do some more practice sketches.
Wilson evolution the basketball were dating!
interesting discussions this week on whether book covers are necessary with ebooks & Overdrive data saying that covers encourage reading.
these photos you are posting are tinier than my pinky nail.
Trapped In My Mind....
Mirka gave Roger a peck?? How sweet. That never happens.
So who is up for the ring of fire tommorow in southern Utah?
Make sure to join our Facebook Page...
Thanks for the RT.
ONE DIRECTIONS HOSTING MTV PLAYLIST TOMORROW MORNING. freaking out. i watch that every morning while getting ready fo school
4pm cannot come soon enough!!! #longassworkweek #makeitstop only 8 hours until its over!
Last year I asked santa for the sexiest person on earth, the next day i woke up in a box...
thinks the thing he misses most about blogging is hating people.
Loved Barbie PINK Flapper dress during the quickstep!! So cute!
#thingsisaidinthe90s that's dope, and Britney is the coolest
Doggy daycare for Nalla.
Way to ride on the coattails of 's tweet...
Lucky. RT Officially 4 months until I leave for India!!
nope and I'm very cool
smart ice cream
While true, but you get rid of the helmets you lose your grip on being the #1 sport in America.
I saw Avengers. A cool action flick. The last scene is after the credits. Don't leave too soon.
Not a picnic for non-jazz lovers either!
I can't stand really tall people that wear 5 inch high heels, seriously leave the heels to the short people that actually need it like me!
Julian is short. And i thought louis was pretty short...haha but its kinda cute(:
Just drove through south bend.
Me: Oh, your dog's name is Bentley?! Is that after Teen Mom? Canadian: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Fair. It's just, mostly I was always like, "Yay, an excuse to read Shakespeare!" Unless it was, like, Heart of Darkness. BLEH
#nowplaying Bob Dylan, "Visions of Johanna"
I think that you are beasting my friend. Love the work and versatility.
Even though I am an #Angels fan for life, I do have to say congrats to Josh Hamilton on his incredible week he just had.
You got that right, coach! ;) “: a few coaches make millions. Many don't.”
No matter how big and strong you may be, when you sit down in that dentist chair, you turn into a helpless child.
These stupid state exams -.- . Well good luck to everyone who's been taking them .
I feel so bloated -.-
Omg Susan is leaving.
Aw shucks, guys. Thankyouverymuch.
fell asleep during the last quarter of the #SPURS game last night...I'm an old man, sigh
baby shampoo=amazing looking forward to day three.
Josh Hamilton wants us to forget all the beer talk and watch the World Series... live from BUSCH Stadium.
You're in a school. I only attend meetings. I'm scared of people under the age of 55.
canon G11. I have the G10 and love it!!
#USHLI 2012 Latino Professional’s Networking Reception is starting now.
and not to be braggy, but because I think you'd like to hear this- I got a callback for this one today
Congratulations & ! WE GOT UR BACK! #GoPackGo!!
Who's excited for our interview with ?! I'll be posting it in about an hour!
that sounds like a great turnout! I'm sure the players had a blast!
Im happy for nyc mahomies and everything but. I just think he shoulda gone to a different state.
I love her already.
is wrapping up post-production on client videos, one shot in UK, the other a quarterly market update.
Common sense is so rare it should be classified as a super power.
and I need to get serious about my field trip to Centralia.
#Pizza m my favorite
I love "Cupcakes " their just so Cute ^.^
I made this remix myself (: like it ? (:
“: Call MN before May 3and request he stop the #wolf hunt. " please rt & help
I hope MamaJen feels better :/
LOL @ girls who can't keep a guy for a week.
RT : Know someone that speaks fluent German in Austin looking for 10 hr/wk translator position at an awesome company?
#cleanlakesfest today Water Water Every where - lets keep it there and clean to boot attend! Madison!
Gonna need to hit up the Home Depot this wknd. Gotta grab some sheet metal, metal fencing, and 2x4s.
yo i got more time free on my hands now... lets work fam...
2nite on CN|2 Sports: UK-UL baseball recap & , , & join me for Part 1 of a spirited debate on the word 'thug'
eat a dick bitch
thank you darling (;
We are in baby stage of development but super exited to start delivering quality sound to El Paso!
thanks! Where you fron
it's been very exciting. Custom streams, jive anywhere, try on cloud for free, office+outlook integration. What stands out 4 u?
#ConfessionNight I watch an insane amount of porn.
What are your plans for Holiday imprinted promotional items?
One more fuckin love song, I'll be sick.
At what point does over eating become an attempt on ones life? Pretty sure I am approaching that fork in the road.
Tomorrow Thrive Lunch will be held at The Wright Place in Wausau! We will be celebrating Alfred's Birthday! Lunch menu will be available.
": =====> When a stud hate cause a female they USE to fool wit wana f-ck wit me. GTFO cause #IAinWitThatShit" say that shit
Let's Go!
Tebow will get swallowed alive in New York. Even though he won't start over Sanchez, he's gonna get burn because of the hype.
#HateIt When My Phone Falls On My Face >:/
I love happy guests! RT : the best tour I've ever been on. wonderful blend of information ... put a ton into half day
setting up a twitter account as if I need another thing to do online!
I feel sad tonight and I don't know why.
girl that's wen we got obsessed with Johnny rockets shakes remember!
it's obvious the don't like Mr. Mike Brown. I mean c'mon! Like he could follow right behind the Phil Jackson reign ! Lol
that would be such a huge pick-up. his leadership is needed
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
Follow - Connector of people, speaker of truths and an all around great individual!
Who's your pick for Mayweather vs. Cotto???
lol omg really! I hope I don't
Thank you so much!!
Apparently getting coffee this late in the morning is a new trend...
I'll be at #NAAMBA conf in NYC 9/10 with Dell team. Who is joining us? Lots of Dell jobs to be had
They are some of the most patriotic folks I have come across and have a great family foundation.
Daughter's birthday! Happy BD to June 15ers!! Going to trial in this unjust system.Supoena Dr.Doyne his lies/greed for Dad's $$.as he sleeps
Or order $50 of Avon Products (excluding any items with the * Asterisk) And you receive $30 of Free Avon.
Trying to figure out why I'm getting "no service" at home. Good ol' AT&T. 3G? More like NoG.
Or maybe I just hate when my past dates/ex boyfriends pop up on my screen.
Hell, yes! \m/ EL TACODOR!! \m/ RT Cinco de Mayo, and you better believe El Tacodor is in the house!
I THINK I KNOW WHO YOURE TALKING ABOUT!
Forever and always, yo.
It's okay my feminine hormones are acting up too :/
This #MothersDay, treat yourself to up to 70% off the brands you love.
his category has a focused specialization as it deals with specific kind of essays, namely analytical.
thank u 2!! LOL!! i only kno a few words I live in texas so u need to kno a lil spanish :P
Happy Virgo full moon & thanks for the follows , , , , and
Birthday babe so sweet and beautiful, showing off some sexy dance moves at right now! Get it girl!
I am in the market for a copy of The Movielife's "40 hour Train" on vinyl. Anyone have a copy they're willing to part with?
You can't solve problems within the confines of subject content
Yeah, I just retweeted I want to meet Tim Gunn dammit!!!
I was yelling as i slowed down but the slope was steep, we were in WIDE OPEN area; 4/7 went n2 my way, as I sped around on short ground
I thought it was a play on Write vs Wright and Care 'n and Karen. But I don't know if there's another meaning!
who you got? Phil or Rashad?
i will check on dinners without info during the next break. Should be on the sheets after last concurrents.
My 1000th tweet.
My cat just darted out of the room when the front door opened. Cracking up lol
Grab a copy of today's ROCWeekend section: Natasha Musquasha rocks it! Love that we're their Best Bet for the weekend's Sports, too.
no that's what my head looks like..
Thank you LUKAS and BEST TO YOU! Keep ROCKIN!
Thomas!! Thomas!!! Thomas!!!!
that's what crazy girls say to feel better. Heyoooo!
Getting excited for the shows with , at on 8/20 and #SpinBartini on 8/21!!!
I'm pissed at Nixon for creating that anytime something goes wrong it gets a "-gate" suffix. Annoying!
G'morning, Gordy! :)
RT : Let your tongue walk on this p*ssy.well damn
quite a few it seems. I have homework to do and I hate and dread the idea of doing it again and again. Where is summer?
. Thanks for the RTs!
makin mama proud, you hot thing
I had a crush on #TRACIE Spencer that woman voice makes my blood rush
seethe Size Matters panel at #MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apts of the future
Morning. Here I come. Be right there.
An EMS needed at the #UrbanMeyer presser? In the movies, that's call foreshadowing.
Bosh need ta get his head out dat hole and play so dis game will get more interestin.
NY, come through!
tonight was the 1st I ever watched the voice..great to see real talent not crazies trying to get on tv! +love Adam Levine haha
i need some head .
story of my life.
eats and dresses well and has adorable dog. I consider him one of Baltimore's famous people.
i feel like this wouldn't fly with paolini
With time and patience, the mulberry leaf becomes satin. With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown. -Chinese proverb
on I will tell u whn he replies
I will shoot to ass from right here!!
Are you in NY from the 8th through the 17th of Feb at all?
thank you im glad you like it! and thanks for following
will you be getting a new Apple iPod or Touch?
On average, how many trees are used during development of a #NewPlay ? #DowninthefaceofGod seems to have taken out a small forest...
Decided to pre-order Max Payne 3
Great night at Exchange LA w/ DJ David Delano! Don't miss our special event this wednesday with international superstars Cosmic Gate!
Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant. Mitchell Kapor
My biggest regret on this trip is not having time to get shocked at museum. It sounds like an electrical good time.
Just a day in the life RT : "The waiter at chuys was at my day party" says
Yes! Great news!
I've got 6 horses in this race, WPS. I'm feelin pretty good.
She is waiting on the Preds.
Chorus to celebrate music by Americans
There should be an iphone app that lets you update your own blog that is on your own server. Anyone agree? Lets develop one!
seeing u last night..have u checked out Dove Style Mag yet? Hope u can make the launch event this weekend :-)
I can't wait for to go in on Amare's dumb ass during donkey of the day. I know he's upset but seriously where is your composure?
thanks! more tracks are in the works
It's Holiday Marketplace at your library! 10-4 today, join us for live music, vendors, raffles, holiday stories, food, and more!
you should look to see if there are any teams!
Republicans Agenda pt 4. 14. Kill off the Government and have Rich Corporations Rule America Policy. 15. White Supremacy with Negro Favorite
It's funny when people block you on twitter. Hahahaha
when surprised me at work today >>>>
“: Might take a trip to raleigh to see the who else is down?” yes please!
How can we work as organic intellectuals to undermine oppressive efforts?
Cryotherapy y'all
thanks man u r pretty cool guy! We will have to talk more!
awl mane that's harsh friend lol
This nigga Tre just said Walter T Raw, Lil dick no balls... lmao
oh nothing. About to head up there and install these new locks.
Go follow she follows back! c; ♥
found it. good idea!
we should create a second Congress lol.
for a while now, yes
Word! “: Buddy, you are so spot-on! Release your anxiety, resistance, expectations and struggle, just trust and enjoy the ride."
Fire and Ice! Great theory
Did you know that ninjas date back to the 14th century?! We're 21st century ninjas! What makes you a modern day ninja?
Who would your rather send flowers to? P. Diddy, Ralph Macchio, or Laura W. Bush? Cuz it's their birthday today :) Anyone else today?
you can talk to me if you want though i might not be much help.
Ugh ! They only came ONE TIME ! ONE FREAKING TIME !!! & never again will you see in Jacksonville ,FL !!
start your engines...get set...GO!!!
I wonder if is backstage right now nervous or is he tweeting?
Trin, you are a goddess. Im excited I get to keep up with your awesomeness :-D
I'm still hungry!
I love that is always on twitter. He probably won't see this, but if he does...... Hello there. How are you?
i am going thru concert withdrawl... Ugh:(
YOU WON!
Yes!!": Spring 2012 will launch online tomorrow morning..."
that sounds like one i would love.
's father has passed Donna was a devoted and caring daughter. Mr Brazile was a #veteran Please join me in condolence
I know i sexed ur cousin, but I ain't mess with ur sister like your baby daddy did
DTTO... Up 400%... little dip here perfect time to hop in. Back to .05 we go!!!
Faith is the most powerful force in the universe. Believe in word of Good in you.
Right on! ": The rain is not stoping us... MAU students, staff, and faculty are at #Relayforlife at Bermudez Park in #Doral."
You're not missing much. Detroit up 2-0 after 1.
4 minutes to cut spokes. 9 minutes to lace. 40 minutes to build. 55 minutes to find a pen.
Turned out to be an intentional brownout to save energy. It's almost as hot as NOLA over here today! Heat index 100.
Glendale scores in the corner and misses the kick 3-8
Thats my favorite song by them!!
Age-based #curfews send the message to law-abiding youth that our society makes no distinction between them and irresponsible juveniles.
Anyone ever tell you that you two could be brothers? RT : show in atx
Oh just bawling my eyes out during the notebook.. Nbd
I wish I had a lot of money to pay vocalist to sing the songs on my record. 50+th play of Either Way this week...c.can't stop!
RIP Steve Jobs. Let's fix education so we can create the next generation of Steves.
It's kids all morning at the FFL! First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Let's Get Moving with My Gym at 1030!
Kentucky bound in 8 hours :)
some people got it bad tho, they even do it in text messages smh
doesn't it? I'd be down.
Thanks for the great call ! So blessed to have met you at #SparkandHusltle LA.
I love the rain ☔☔☔☔
welcomes you to another broadcast day from the MPVT Studios.
Real firedrill.. who! Most exviting this year!
Friday, saw new flick "Chloe" at DGA (Director's Guild of America). Sat and Sun workshoped w/a few other CA's (casting assoc/or assist).
Anyone interested in a 22-mile run this Sunday... and know of a trail within an hour of Portland that isn't a complete mess right now?
Reading about Latino Day at the Capitol in MN - great to see energized political activity in the community!
I have no clue. We are so lost.
you too? Hahaha I used to think he was hot
I have a running list if u would like to see it :P
aww good job. Always hate those
This too shall pass. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
isn't it why they invented Twitter? If I wanted to be thoughtful, I'd write a letter
Thanks. Me, too.
Aha hacked by # yourbestfriend
maybe then he will leave me alone!! Whenever he stews at me I feel like he is planning kidnap or something!!
haha! Girls, man. Okay. So I'll expect that picture on your Tumblr, to which I don't have a link, on Monday. ;)
nope, no license plates here anywhere close to being "cre8ive"!
not sorry at effing all
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
in my dream last night I was in a wedding gown...& eating lucky charms from a vending machine with . what could that mean??
I wish so too! Cool, crisp, clean air and lots of trees. No humidity and less spiders too.
Fine, i'm taking my monsterbuns elsewhere!
Good morning to the , we are sending you a Monday Shout-out, have a great week and thanks for the awesome #FF ;)
Happy Birthday! Looking forward to a well-written birthday blog. No pressure ; )
No one goes hungry today...Cuz I said so.
Drank by da paint dro by the pound
Ugh I wish... I'm dead haha moving isnt an option. Anyway you're sposed to come visit me in Takoma now!
I wonder if anyone else caught it? Good report though can't wait til 1 pm is a great competitor better book ur sb tickets
keep doing ya thing....much respect and keep your ears to the ground for "Poitier"
wow!! never knew best buy had a instrument store I always went to guitar center....
Chicago union members board a bus headed to Springfield to protest WI Gov. Scott Walker's speech to more than 200 biz leaders there
Sometimes you just need
Great title!
Happy New Year!!! Love ya! God bless! :)
I think it's the coolest thing ever that Katy Perry has a cat named Kitty Purry.
Well yeah. These people know what they're in for when they sign up then act like idiots
Can someone pls tell me where to be and what to do for #SXSW b/c I'm really not equipped for this. If you need me, I'll be
official totals range from 14-19 & I think we had about 17. no more since then, but it's been very cold.
I'm here every day, darlin. You should introduce yourself to this pink-haired waitress. :)
Break time!
Follow me please you are amazing
Nice 2 tweet you 2! I lurk mostly, but check regularly. Hope ur research is going well. I'm getting into end of classes busy.
Hey happy b-day I hope you have a great day del
I only break out my Cookie Monster impression if a date is going terribly or really well.
How's that Burt Reynolds mustache looking? Is it past the 'Burt - Aged 10' stage?
Damn this girl already smoked like 9 cigarettes and we have only been here about half an hour. Lol
Lil Wayne being sued again for 15 million.
One thing I enjoy about the later draft rounds is hearing names of players I haven't heard of since Michigan was recruiting them 4 yrs ago
Ricotta pancakes may be the greatest thing in the ENTIRE WORLD. Dang, can't wait to blog about these bad boys!
Today's BTU inspiration: "The only way to have a life is to commit to it like crazy." ~Angelina Jolie
Due to inclement weather, tonight’s choir rehearsal has been cancelled.
I made lots of amazing connections at Speed Networking last year and also got to meet the awesome ! #ncph2012 great event!
RT : Thursday: Join us with for the Wild & Scenic Film Festival It benefits
dont ya just love that one <3
#church was real dis morn
“: we miss you at Juanas! This old band is crap!” we miss the panhandle! See you soon!
Helping out with boys night out for the boys and girls clubs! Fun stuff!
Mike & Molly is a show about fat people. Why would anyone watch that?
It's easier to accept the apps others have made than to learn how computers work & make our own apps.
Faithful Ass Females >>>>>
-- but skydeck is hardly an organization instilling enough confidence in me to risk a significant project.
Already excited for the May 8 panel w/ Christine Pelosi in Sacto - "Is Democracy too Slow?" Our fantastic co-host/partner:
I think yes. He has given campaign speeches in North Carolina several times during the relevant period and gays are his base.
time for #gingrich to
Diddy won his Oscar!
RT : Visit #Acquia at #cmsx in Chicago to learn more about #drupalcommons! & are speaking at the event!
's love/hate relationship with Starbucks has tipped the scale in the hate direction. Stupid stupid Sbux.
one direction on SNL ♥
RIP Alan Felder Who taught me how to create hits!!! He was a writer for Philadelphia International Records
Misses football way too much #blackngold runs in my veins #steelers!!!!
Hello there
It is a beautiful day in Arizona - and another day to enjoy life!
Vikings may actually win!
Thank goodness that there is an economist on a panel discussing pricing schemes
starting at 60 thompson hotel's thom bar with the cool people 10pm-12 and then to hot rdv nyc.
Getting geared up for lots of audio and video projects for Hanson Harmonies and our other clients.
RT : YOUR vote counts! Send in ur ballot & vote YES 4 #sagaftra "03" was decided by just 600 votes! Dual cardholders get TWO...
let me know if you need a mix on that record. I wanna have fun too! I'm serious.
God Damnit Gabo you dick! go back to minnesota you dick!!! This is #CAPS country!
ALA Master Series: A library occupies #Occupy Wall Street w/ iSchool alum Zachary Loeb.
Yeah! My schedule is pretty much wide open...
It's almost 2am and I'm so
#quote You can have everything you want in life if you’ll just help enough other people get what they want.- Zig Ziglar
When my mommass mad, you dont wanna mess with her!
saw osu cheerleaders at TT basketball game tonight. They had their guns up for TT.
Tebow does what he's always does...he WINS.
I'm sorry for letting anything get between us. I love her and always will. ♥
Hey #utaou participants! Today I used sketching technique to work through a problem and it worked great!
I believe yu look your best when u have no make up on <33
attn for tweet of the week Oh boy. One of the neighbor's chickens somehow managed to get onto their trampoline.
To those who wake up while the room is still spinning/ But still tweet about it and hashtag it
ugh. Nothing like people who don't know what they're talking about telling you your business.
Ok, this is too cute ♥ RT : RT : Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day. -bo
two insurance companies hit me up and are like "hey we need you and your experience, please work for us"
I'll be arriving Friday evening at sxsw, we should definitely catch up!
It is one beautiful night to be out riding bike! Booya!
After that incredible half time show by Madonna, I don't even care about the rest of the game!!! Amazing!
Approaching 2 years since MDX told us they were studying a customer reward program. Let's go already MDX.
what's your fave basketball team steve?
fuck this house for not having baking soda.
Already have the numbers of the 4 tournament channel memorized
Same reason the Mandarin Sunday takeout is! #wishyouwerehere RT : I hate you pizza!! Why are you so delicious??
leaving Monday. Let's meet up tomorrow? You close to Orlando? Haha
and that will be?
I clearly need a #spotify account by now, don't I?
what do you want asslicker
sadly, it would not help at this point! Ugh.
Will you be joining at Beer-Con? Be sure to thank them for their continued support.
Dudes if you guys are in town come hang out with us tonight at the Office.
I'm exhausted today. Slammed a good strong cup of coffee and cranked the "Raw Power" record. But alas, no avail.
Belagerdly, but: to ale with him. (Forgive the terrible quality of the puns, it's a first draught.)
I love water😊
With entire #griffins lineup playing for #redwings due to injuries, I assume Toledo #walleyes call up my brother Steve next week.
a line like that for Red Space is on the normal/small side.
I think we been hacked, sorry about the spam guys!
hope you feel better soon, Matt! not cool.
In #Seattle stuck inside because of #snowmageddon has a bright side. Finally watching in marathon fashion. Frikkin funny.
thanks for the mention, much appreciated!
if got hundreds of complaints from millions of orders I would consider that a success. Still best to gift flowers IRL IMHO
So we were together almost 3 yrs and u think I cant pick u out a crwd. I see u still lying, guess it was for the best. SMDH, wrds cant expln
his jealousy of Paul grows by the minute...it's sad really
Katie Arsenault is live on air now from 10-11!
seven of us in english..
Badass. We're throwing a party at Sports and Social Club this Saturday. Can you e-mail me an .mp3 and we'll play it there.
well I was playing with charlie but hes being mean x)
today's one of those days when the auto-tweets just look ridiculous in the stream.
1. lingerie is not a birthday gift for her, its a gift for you, so, no. 2. know the correct size, especially if you're (1/2)
We're as shocked as you! RT : haha what #SimonCowell just complimented ?! SWEET
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
Crack babies should go to rehab.
“: Who's watching the Bears game?” - c'mon.
Practicing in Dupont Circle today. Also preparing for an upgrade to our Xray capability with Kodak. Very exciting to provide the newest tech
Make sure to check your email! Our Coaching U Live Newsletter has been sent out!
Thanks for promoting us to the JCU folks!
IS A HOT MO-FO! ...remember me from Falcon?
Happy cinco de mayo! A holiday to some, but still a work day to us!
Don't fight hate with more hate. Only love can conquer.
did richie assist carter cause that would be too cute
I've heard stories.
Ben, I think I've got what it takes.
I went on a plant tour yesterday. the whole car manufacturing process is fascinating
Council of Baptist Pastors gave their support for Council and Mayor Bing to sign the consent agreement as it retains local elected powers.
This commercial about avg. #Baltimore low temperature in Jan. being 24 is especially funny when it's 50 degrees right now.
We could meet up later this week. Do you live in the Dayton area?
#FIU AD Pete Garcia does it again and attracts ANOTHER big name to come to Calle Ocho... Just how deep do his connections go?
She's a 30-year old veteran activist...What "college student?"
Narcissistic quote of the day: "Trained at a commercial gym today and they ran out of weights for me to use." - Master Trainer
is RUN RUN
great seeing you guys--let's do it again soon.
Yep. I'm goin out with my mom at 2. :) I'll be home by 3:30.
Cotto is looking for a 3 round COMBO
Happy mothers day mom. I love how we don't even need to say out loud that I'm your favorite child.
I hear youre babay-sittin me o'er yonder where the golden wheat grows! With Bridgemeister and Federal Willis!!!
If you want to see something depressing, read tweets from high schoolers.
Last night in Scranton, headed back to Philly tomorrow. Next week NYC.
Been debugging the same problem for… oh, 9 days or so. Started to doubt the validity of universal constants. This is actual nihilism.
very ill.
well that's very good...I'm proud of you
Oh work is fun... ha fuck that
Yet, I remain fascinated by the Caucasus. RT Azerbaijan's plans for a one kilometer-tall skyscraper, via
yes its real show to your all your motorcycle friends & family. Motorcyclist wear your helmets!
well im gonna watch a few One Direction videos and see why everyone likes them so much because i really do not think they are hot
Defining "we the community" is a very tricky proposition. Just nebulous enough to be both ignored & exploited at same time. Sad.
Ha! Yeah I think it's pretty cool.
Sundays are so awesome.
lol ya of course. Love her!
RT : Our two boys had a great time at the Aggie Experience today. All the players and coaches were first-class.
hey,,could you tell to tweet me back too??im from philippines,,im ARLO thanks..:)
Anyone want to lend me a Mac power cord tomorrow for an hr or 2? Pretty please?
Reminder: Employment Coaching tmrw 10-2pm @ 506 Central Ave. Also,only a few days left until our Senior Food Basket Giveaway! Donate!
hey! whats your question?!
Mayor Gray: “We cannot do this alone…The people of the District – ALL of the people – must be a part of these efforts.”
Yeah and is somehow host of that local WI Lottery TV Game show. owns a crepes cafe called "Godard's"
Q:YO THEM VINTAGE YELLOW OR JUST DIRTY? A:NAW, & TOOK A PISS ON EM!
maybe he felt you needed to be informed.
yeah I was shocked it is gonna be great finale
mixing tonight for album. so many tracks, so little time!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Take a leap for charity with Extreme Moms! 2nd Annual Skydive Event Dec 10th! Email to sign up.
The whole tone scale is my friend, I shall not want...
Haha! We're thrilled to have you join us tonight, Thom!
thanks for following
Following up on RTD stabbing from last night in Aurora. Have you ever seen any strange things happen while on public transportation?
I bought an I-phone today. Let the app-downloading begin!
Getting my Friday started no kid this weekend
Courses Putting the teeth back into the Blue Monster for Donald Trump On Feb. 27, Donald Trump announced that he had purchas
are you excited for believe?
Sad to see a player in his prime get cut and possibly see his career end. But I don't think the Pack had a choice - had to release Collins.
#Celtics fan forever we won lakers lost.
Fuck ya physics and maths and get from any other idiot your solutions -.-
Indeed but a stop is necessary RT : Off to work!!
The Bats just went extra innings, and I know someone - if she's working tonight - who is really ticked about now. Ha
Meanwhile, brotherman will not stop smacking his gum in my ear. Thankful it's a short flight to DFW.
In other news - Avengers - still awesome - worth the Imax just to feel the Scale of Whedon's conception - DvL
Metta World Peace OUT FOR 6 PLAYOFF GAMES after receiving a 7 game suspension. No big deal! The Lakers are better off without him!
We look forward to seeing you here tonight for .
Good luck with the drive!
Good Morning!!!!
Whirlwind is good. Radial is used by more pro bassists. email me () and we can go over details.
just an hour and a half left to vote for the SG elections! I voted , you should to! :)
Holy crap - went to apple store and it was packed!
Straight sealing the deal
Dieng is smacking the orange off the ball!!!!!'
Watching for class... gotta love that State education :)
#ThatAnnoyingFeeling you get when your soo tired but you can't sleep-.-
: is that your wife or g.f ? She's very pretty
lol know all the choreographies she'd b proud
Wow what a sports weekend in Wisconsin! The perfect storm.
Remember, too, that biology doesn't make you a Mother. It's the love and care you have in your heart for that little person who trusts you.
Me:*knocks cup over* oh gosshh!! : ohh gosh that could have real bad, real fast!!!
Who owns the learning? Rarely do students own, direct, lead learning. Great schools, students own the learning. Alan November
i'm sleepy . someone text me
ooh, haven't caught Maximum Overdrive yet *adds to list* Netflix: good for something. :)
let's go back to Palm Desert and this time I go out...and we get a boat ride for breakfast.
totes in love with ... such a great voice, you know, for a country singer :)
protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, respect her like your mother ♥
Heading out to see #president #Obama address the Building Trades Legislative Conference in DC!
Getting Hannah ready for her television debut on The Morning Blend! (MKE NBC...we're on at 9:48am)
welcome to my world
My brain just created a new thing for me to be afraid of: pooping on a toilet covered in fire ants. Thanks, brain
Does my avatar look like me? I want people to be able to recognize me when they meet me in real life.
Hm. Can't find it in inbox or spam. Try again?
It's weird not having anything to do right now. Normally, I spend Sundays procrastinating, but I have nothing to make me procrastinate now.
HOOKED. Your music is awesome. Thanks for following me! My new album will be out in June. Let me know what you think! Best-JP
Thank you. I'll let you know if I come across something.
Our first shoot w/ new Elinchrome lights...
She was married to actor Charlie Sheen from May 2008 to April 2010
great day at w/ the lovely ladies of come and see us at Burt's Tiki Rm 9-11 tonight. miss rti apps accepted!
how was it :D
First update in a whopping 3 days! Wowee! We still have tix for January10th at The Chance. $12, HIT US UP! And the e.p. is almost done :)
PS - It's a party at The Blender right now! Stop by and trade with us!
Stopped at the Marshall Museum, I mean
Tebow would singlehandedly save the Jax franchise if not on the field..then by jersey sales alone
Just stopped myself again from writing. Thank goodness I didn't really need a spotter. Just sleep. M!
thank you bianca :-)
Oh, my. You all are a morbid lot.
#GetDick is trending, you stay classy Twitter.
Advice to my researchers: Don’t chew up & spit out your sources. Instead, chew, savor, digest, be nourished, and grow into a strong learner!
its all jah works
"It just rained in my beer, can I get a new one." Nope, if you don't have a firm grasp of precipitation you shouldn't be drinking
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise.
Today is Tax Prep Day at Wolson Campus! #FREE tax prep for students & families. Visit the Wolfson Campus Single Stop Center Room 2104-6.
I had to get a new twitter. Forgot my old email, starting over :(
<< cant stand a nigga that is always bitchin '
“It was an honor to be named CCHA Postgame® Offensive Player of the Week" Luke Moffatt (univ of Mich)
Any leftover souvlaki?
: TOMORROW will celebrate Free Comic Book Day from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Free admiss. & comics for all.
..hey. gotta take care of something. Xo
He is doing a music festival in Philly this summer.
#foodallergy families.. need ideas to liven up taste testing during FAAW. c if kids can tell diff btwn reg and allergyfriendly foods~
Enjoy Glee. How is your dad doing?
Wow... What people say online to get them in so much trouble... smh
I never let a wookie come between us 😉. Seriously though...the films are worth watching for the John Williams score alone
VIOLENT FEMMES?! This rules!
I'm so hyper right now I can run like 10 miles . dm me !
the beggining of the sentence sounded wrong, OMG . lool.
3 other MAJOR STAR Strasberg/Adler "Method" patsies also badly lost their minds: Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, James Dean.
Let's beat calipari for a second time boys
My Zaffiro's pizza dinner on Sunday is filling up nicely! You in Milwaukee, join us at 5pm. I pay for half your pizza :)
Besides formative writings in culture and literature, I strongly believe that fictional works should be put aside in lieu of non-fiction.
#Thethingis your ex is your ex for a reason , so stop comparing your past to your present
Everyone come out to Stadium Grill tomorrow (saturday) at 9! Great fun, music and drinks with the Benjamin Hyatt Band!
Woken up by cat walking on my face. Curses, Henry!!!
I love it when girls with a little ass waist that jawn makes my head turn especially with a nice ass big :D or small :)
-oh how i would love a back & foot message.. thatll put me right to sleep..
I could really use some good news.
Happy Birthday Jackie O!
no there's an understatement:) His first article is out!
Bye Bye Backus!
Had to look that up. Had them before but I didn't know what they were called. Sure they aren't authentic WA Alfajores? :)
Your comment isnt needed
u prolly kept hitting end b/c Paula Patton kept coming on the tv. Haha
Let's go #patriots, let's win me an extra b-day prezzie. To the victor goes the spoils
Frown when SNL brings back whole subgroups of past cast members to fill sketch time. Let Maya as host help showcase the new blood.
Very true!
#WhatIMissMost is being a kid
Yesterday was too crackin. I luv Madison n its random hilarity.
Durk the Nurk is puting in work like a sales clerk.
Grinding to be a legend '
Getting Abby's new beta fish settled in its bowl.
I really love #auditioning! U always learn something new & also u get to act for a tiny little bit.
big fan of
That was a long as drive
we love treats from ! They are hand made with care and quality ingredients and are SO cute and yummy!!
If I worked in the Fantasy Factory everything would be alright
I like Bristol Palin okay on DWTS, I think she should have went home over Margaret Cho. he is getting annoying!
I just bombed you with some Likedin suff. Apologies.
thanks :) would you be so kind as to repost the song? :D would appreciate it a too <3
We'll go around the world in a day. Don't say no, no. Shake it my way, oh shake your bon-bon, shake your bon-bon, shake your bon-bon.
Permeable Circles: "Anyone a post is shared with can see all comments to that post, who else it's shared with, and share the post w/others."
can't wait to see! Just got stateside!
Goodnight twitter :-)
I hate a sneezes that even surprise yourself haha
This insomnia bitch its killin meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyy
I'm so gorgeous that threw up.
What is the silliest reason for passing on a candidate has your Hiring Managers shared with you?
Love it!
Have you seen the website update? www.bu.edu/hillel/gallery
Not even turning on the tv, headed straight out for an afternoon run. I never run in the afternoon!!
Out with friends! many drinks in! life is god. :)
I used the rock n roll all night and party ev-ver-ry day.
Happy birthday !!! XOXO
GraceRule #2 Trust in the FINISHED work of Christ. Don't try more. RELY more!
" Love on top my shit "
CRAP!Did u see what Jai did!
I drive a mini van. It's required as part of my uniform
Finally gonna sleep over my bf Jamie's house :D
BP #oilspill continues at 1,000,000+ gallons per day. We can't wait until August for them to stop it. Please do something more.
Woodson explains Obama jab
Retail therapy!
Push notifications and in app analytics are a marketers true friend!! Understanding and analyzing behavior.
I hate when people fuckin waste my time!
probably in the police car haha
Whose awake ?[:
Hope everyone is having a beautiful holiday season :)
it's true! let us know if we can do anything to help out with that!
aww I will! Its easy as!x
Lime green March monthly :D
#crowdsource: are they required to use that typeface for the yard line demarcations?
First 4 show weekend of "1776" has begun. With the show clocking in at 3 hours, this is going to be all about endurance...
RT : #ff Because you love chocolate and supporting great causes
I LOVE THIS XD
Oh awesome!! :P That's pure
*searches for most attractive doctor on the nymag's best doctors list*
thanks!(: want me to give u one?
RT : Do good and eat good! On Tues 12/13 VIA is donating 10% of our daily sales to Because everyone deserves...
Slow night at karaoke. Time to pull out the Elvis? Haha
Thank you!..That would have been pretty sweet!
it aint that crucial
probably the worst idea I've ever had was trying to fit that last thought into a 140 character tweet...
And so it begins...
Up up and away....
You've been added to the Most Awesome circle.
Every so often on Friday afternoons, I think - Ya, this week. I owned it. Things just clicked. I like that feeling.
our graduate education teacher program and now adult degree completion receive iPads, different reasons/purposes -use depends
jesus, i couldn't agree more. why do boys hate my existence? btw, my friend is talking to me about it again. kill me.
Watchin dusk fly,
