Free beer samples this afternoon at Olsen's Piggly Wiggly in Cedarburg starting at 3:30! Cheers!
Which is worse, too much or too little of me?
Thanks! For a while, but our site is in Beta for another couple of weeks. We hope you check it out&build a profile!
JLos man on this Honey2 movie
When #caponizing a fowl, care must be taken that the testicle does not slip away among the intestines after it is detached.
Reading his text over and over because he is so dang sweet. (:
You ever read a text(s) then start laughing and think, "dang I hope no one's watching me." Yeah, that's how I've spent most of my evening.:)
what will ice cream sandwich look like on previous HTC phones?
So I'm ready to write an acoustic song with I think if we just spent a day writing, we could make something sick.
I'll be there there for the Christmas weekend. Cobbleheads Sunday??
now theres zombies.i dont understand whats happening,omg.
Im so done...
feels so good knowing you joined! thanks so much.
#Safeway employee intervenes to stop a customer from beating his pregnant girlfriend in the store. Safeway suspends him. WTH?
Missing glee for a band concert.. Ah.
We all want love
I've been waiting all night to find someone to believe in something I could get into I've been waiting all night to find a heart like yours.
oh I was about to go on a rant about it!
I just might believe you
Bitch ass Mayweather is bleeding
I KNO yah'll ain't in da same house tweeting on some don't be a menace type ish!!! Lol
Cleaning while jamming to always makes it better(:
Good Morning!
Last time I checked the calender, it's 2012
If you're looking to multiply your money, I suggest you pick up some shares of penny stock " LUSI.OB " Mark this tweet!
Just 45 minutes until Christmas break :)
its sad. 2 yrs of school and the NCAA not accepting none of it!
Styles? I know I know... O dios mio. Why peeps I <3, <3s chicks I don't <3 -__-
Aww congrats Austin!! so proud of you =)<33
wheels up Sea... Sacramento here I come...
I'm glad Dave and Rachael won The Amazing Race! :)
I been saying bang bang for the past 3 weeks
taking a mini break for a few hours from promoting on ,doing my laundry, listening to and reading APMAG.
Yay!my grandma is cancer-free thank u Lord for healing my grandma
is getting burned out on Words with Friends.
eatin ice cream cake
okay then
Can I change out of this uniform already?
cool! I'm working at this marketing company, think I'm going to stick with it. Loreal is a great company!
Getting kicked in the balls gives me a bigger hard-on than Viagra.
Tripped over a giant worm.
Oh": at my home boy house."
miss u at Spurs games. R u playing with Toros?
Some tall dude with a beard just walked in. WHOA IT'S !!
I'm up in North Miami, 10min. from Aventura, If my schedule is to be down south I'll ring ya.
Through #sadatforum Dr. Jehan Sadat honors the late Anwar Sadat's legacy as she works for peace around the world.
if u driving I'm on 79th and the redline u can come pick me up
Noo Ducky can't die :(
My money longer than china wall
Hi ! Thanks for following. We're excited to share stories and updates with you and to see you at #Cuts4aCause next weekend!
Indeed you are! That's what we're made of though - can't stop, won't stop! :-)
Hello, new leader.
Nuggets looking poopy :(
its Vanessa if you forgot who i am lln
Hapoel Tel Aviv takes a 2-1 lead on goal by Igeabor, Haifa looks to be continuing it's State Cup drought... Plus no Europe for Haifa
RT : RIP. RT Jim Huber recently diagnosed with leukemia. Brought to the hospital Friday; died today. A man liked by all.
eating watermelon gummie bears
Feel free to kill me now.
us too, I mean obviously we will pick somewhere cheap if we don't know but if we do know then mayyyybbeee
Thanks for the #FF!
Thanks to everyone who joined us at the Art Run last week! It was a *lot* of fun! We still have t-shirts if you'd like to buy one.
So I'm at the Blue House sub shop and the service is pretty horrible
When National Media tries to take a surface level stab at things they have no clue about on a local level, I get all types of pissed.
I can't wait <333
The spaces between your fingers are meant to be filled with mine
If there is no joyous way to give a festive gift, give love away. - Author Unknown
Eh. Not sure I could stay awake for such a thing, but I appreciate the thought.
Jan. 13 is presented by and get ready for raffle & prizes …shortsatsbjan2012-eorg.eventbrite.com
...hey J..what are you up to?
Pretty as a picture
Ok, who wants to put together a dramatic reading night? I will host at
Lol I'll give u the link later, they're coming tomorrow.
goodnight my twitt friends
I forgot u sucked my dick stupid bitch
boy. you so craazay.
8 flavahaz is only still on ABDC cuz of that Angle girls story about her mom. They just need to leave
That sucks. How's it looking after the ice down?
When does it start?
You're the best thing I never knew I needed ♥
- this reminders me of a bumper sticker idea I had, "Towers will be violated"
Neat! What's your pinning name? I'm rooibosqueen.
White blank page reminds me of ;o
A mixture of Massage acupuncture and chiropractic care can help prevent pain,sickness,and injury. Start preventing today at two suns massage
Thanks for the RT. Hope you have a wonder-fuller Friday!
no it's not, I mad I can't play ball today
Thinking back on all the worthless tears I shed over him. I know I can do better and I know now I have better. Thank you...
text me ._____.
I am so proud! Go #Michigan, #miunion #p2 #EM #EFM #Detroit. #Snyder has nothing but contempt for the people.
nuts, right!?
Don't go knocking on heaven's door. Ring the doorbell and run he hates that! (thanks to Brett Jones)
On now, music from the talented
Thanks for the RT!
Still in rehearsal and it going good. A lot to learn though. Choreography
America would be a much happier place without meter maids. Stop spreading misery and get a real fuckin' job.
Want to know how to carry yourself like the "World's Most Interesting Man"?
So Excited to see Avengers Friday! (: <3
that music from #korranation comes from , enjoy! :)
But, how do I tell him I like him when I doubt he knows who I am... /:
When posing, make sure to differentiate ur arms & legs w/asymmetrical poses. If 1 arm long & straight by ur side,make sure the other is bent
#youknowwhenyouhaveproblemswhen you rage out to trance music in the shower
Panel 4 is beginning and the room has cooled down so come on in and grab a seat!
Are you dropping on me the titles of cool plays I can't get my hands on? Drama tease!
will DM more details if you follow back? Thx!
Q: Why did the banana go out with the prune?A: Because it couldn't get a date.
Resorting to WebMD to figure out what is wrong with me
In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge
bout to be Rachel in already training physically, wont have a choice but to give me the role
Tired af, is it summer yet
why do i hav ths wen im never on it??
Air conditioning on Saturday, making a fire on Sunday.
Naw! Just crank up Jimmy Buffett - Cheeseburger in Paradise and enjoy the ride!!
are you playing tonight?
Edmonds scientist is a birdwatcher with purpose
I should not be driving alone...
you know u want to put that cap & gown on. Lol.
Happy birthday!
Really good, wednesday I'm finding out if I'm having a boy or a girl
Karen Zacharia- Verizon: Without consumer trust, they won't use any of our products (w/AT&T, Microsoft).
lol oh i bought sweatpants i got the black nd blue ones.. u wanted blue&grey rightt?
My man mr kazoo
Reggie Watts on Comedy Central.
Who says you are the Mambo prince, princess, diva? Salsa prince, princess? There is only one Mambo King: Eddie Torres.
THANK YOU for kicking ass this week!!! Paper chasin', tell that paper, "Look, I'm right behind ya"
halftime shows are usually pretty lame, it's good to see a real baller out there to give it a little validity
Tweet us your favorite clubs in Boston
ATEC/EMAC showcase is on 4/20/11. Deadline for entries is 3/23! If you've got ideas, you want in on this. More details coming later today!
my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family at this time!!
Look bubbles, go back to ya habbitaaaat. 
<<< uuuuuhhh, it was Tuesday :)
Great sports weekend, NFL playoffs, first full field PGA Golf tourney, and the start of the first tennis major of the year. Remember MLK.
Atl autism walk on May 20th let's show these kids we care
“: Hi Shaun” He has to love this.
Send me a ticket
This headache has been getting worse all day.. my stress level <<<<<<<<<<<<
yes keeping my fingers crossed! :) x
Mayberry got glove
have you performed hip hop yet?
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh w 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2 , but only LOVE 1 ♥
Oh hahha it does!
sweet!!!!! How have things been?!
Come on Florida get it together!
she could someday just needs more time its not easy to win a championship nobody will match what did
Fuck that old shit. I'm on new things.
Okay, just got home. The stream goes live in a couple of minutes.
None of which is as important as the lives & livelihoods around the world & at home that are threatened tonight, obvi. Just.... man.
Who are the #politico talents to watch in #USpolitics? According to John #Gizzi: #Hailey in SC #Toomey in PA
DURARARA!! IS ON NOW
Won't watch next season- too sad to watch phenomenal talent voted off
*headdesk* Nevermind. It helps to actually, y'know, log in. (And check that power cord!)
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with guess on it. So I said implant
Relaxation CDs - Welcome to the Greatest Relaxation CDs Store on the Web! Including Guided Relaxation CDs, Brainwave CDs, Nature CDs......
I'm doing a cover of it and putting it on youtube :)
Paolo Ventura : The Automaton of Venice closes today!
OOH MEE I AM I AM IM AWAKE.....Z *dead silence*
At the end of the day, and at the end of the night, the truth is there's no truth in sight...
Ssshh! I prefer to think of it as freelance surveillance.
Had a great talk with the lovely Current Gallery today, be sure to check out their current show C A R T, up until the 4th of September :D
Its no longer a mistake, now its a choice.!
What a passive aggressive punk. Taking pics of something that annoys him for a yr w/o saying a thing & then gets snooty with my wife.
Listening to classical music? Haha
A beeper huh?
The road to success is always under construction.
Say this out loud: Alpha, Kenny, Body.
with sincerity "new semester, new me"
Oh my lord Luke Bryan and on the #BACHELORETTE I'm a happy camper
follow me
dilemma or opportunity?!
Cage the Elephant writes some pretty deep stuff. It's crazy how true their songs are.
Making a video about Senegal to present to the French club. I miss my host family so much! :(
Ok, we have a Colombian on the show. The Diversity Judges say he counts.
note there was no quotation marks. LOLOLOLOLOL. FAGGOT.
The Globe is no more, Twitter endures. "All real living is meetingzzzzz' (Martin Buber)
Oh, Robin (my GF) told me about this. Wow, I didn't know it was the same thing.
Can you please Follow me? You're gorges.
During a tough workout, power through by asking yourself if there's anywhere you'd rather be. Odds are you're happy to be working so hard!
“: Had the BEST time with last night ! Thanks for having me !” we LOVED having you!!!
Caught you guessin' Hopin' i might give you my blessin'.
I GOT DAT WET WET WET WET WET WET WET WET!
are you raelly justin ? like foreal are u liening because like on my other account am gonna ask him if he has any secret acount
I know
Happy Birthday, Ms. Brandy!! Pop them Bottles Safely and have fun!
has my market comments for this correction. Don't buy the dips. CNBC keeps looking for the bottom. Amazing. The bear lives
I don't think it was me... But maybe it was. Um...
thanks for giving us an amazing season. You deserve the scoring title
I want to break your fucking face
Morning mama-bear! Have a good day, sweets!
These young niggas are for real! it's like playing with those young kids from the playground.
When asking our kids how they can show leadership one friend said "you can help someone up when they fall on the playground"
A rainy sky is an invitation to fantasy.
Packers find out their schedule today. Heck yea.
Lunch with the Library, followed by a presentation about
If we paired this with a traveling exhibit, would it be a beer crawl?
Earned a gold for my group I solo! First drumline show later.
I think she finally learned how to use twitter
thanks man!, appreciate that you always reply(most of times).
A plan will be like your ticket to start the business and will guide you throughout your journey
doz both mine
Don't forget to stop by our First Friday Book Sale on May 4th from 4-8 p.m. at the Friends of the Library Building.
hey twin, ur not following me back on instagram. Do u not use it much?~
Awe I know :( It's bittersweet, but I'm ready to get out of here. Time for a change
After I get comfy in my pjs my brother an his gf are forcing me to the movies .-. Da fuq
hm..haven't been there in a while either..how long before u touchdown??
that was the brightest light ever
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage. -- Lao Tzu ()
totally dead. Terdell Middleton is rolling over in his grave #waitishestillalive?
Is anyone else having trouble opening PDF's from the web?
Ck'ed out Stanley Clarke & Darryl Johns last nite @ Blue Note NYC. Yea, bass players!
do it big my man!
Damn, worlds collide.
fucking excited for tomorrow though... rockin!
Best thing I can do at home is take a
i find inspiration at the beach. where do you feel the most inspired?
Oh shir is fighting with people over the Internet a record 1 millionth time. Still looking to break his winless streak.
Here at ready to purge!!!
nervous.... i don't want to present :(
Sick of sentimental #CivilWar stories? Read gritty "GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL" CathyLLogan. $2.99 Amazon/kindle Whores in camp, Hooker's command
No! I don't do spiders! O_o. Especially hairy ones;
Everybody Hates Chris!
“: WANT TO WATCH MLBTV ON A FREE iPAD? What's your FAVORITE team? Answer for a chance to win. Oh, and use #MLBTV st Louis cards
you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever Now you in the corner tryna put it together
We've concluded that, yes, that is 's minivan.
Has social media's involvement in the Arab Spring been over hyped?
Netflix movie is scratched >:(
Great job today, Sheri- I know you were scared, but things are definitely going to change for the better! We're Proud of you!
So the #NHL suspends Giroux for 1 game, but Ovechkin gets 0 games for a head shot despite being a repeat offender.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle
we don't know? We'll look into it
Choosing between standing up for what's right, and between bullying.
Coffee is what brought Brazil into WWII.
If we all just did what we knew was right, we'd all be living in paradise.
I love it when I get mail addressed to "Ass Asserson." Especially when it's Reader's Digest.
And something that I imagine played a not insignificant role in who we are today....
QUOTES: Attitudes are contagious. Are yours worth catching? _Dennis and Wendy Mannering
You're a juggler!??!? I hereby request a demonstration performance at the Monday Meeting next week. :)
Q7 not yet! I cant wait for hubby to get some form of gray cuz Ive been goin gray for a while now!
I can't believe it's been two years since I joined twitter. Time flies....
I think you'll find it's classed as a scarf :)
Everyone I see you on my timeline I have to say your name like when Niall does his X-Factor voice
Lindsey, slurry made of what? splenda and fluticasone? or something else?
Thanks Chicago WVON Radio for keeping the people abreast of what's really going on!
Off to 's Mary Poppins with some of my favorite Cast Members!!
I'm gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked. - Jimi Hendrix
pretty positive my dreams foretell the future.
Is Dwight the worst player on the floor?
chocolate is good. the end.
when i get back from school i get 5 days off :D
“: I know this one song...it's called southern thing? You should hear it ;)” hmm.. I'll check it out! Sounds familiar
How taxing your favorite bottle beverage could help Baltimore schools...details at 4:30a on GMM
that's nice to advertise. Lol now you're gonna get a bunch of creeps commenting on this
what are you doing after you graduate
don't talk to me about the Duchovny painting - WHICH ALSO MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED I MIGHT ADD. Getting more suspicious...
I really thought it was just going to be an image of the word "No."
COMMENTATORS DIDNT KNOW THEY WAS ON THE AIR LOL
Sons of Anarchy?
Hi Claire, and thanks for connecting! I'm making my way through your posts. Technology is not my forte, these are so helpful!
Unless my data usage changes drastically, I'd be happier to pay $30-35 for a single shared 2GB plan.
Three days until the annual MS walk at Warner Park in Madison. Come out Sunday morning and support the fight against multiple sclerosis!
I love BVB y'all are amazing
France set a record for its wine and spirits exports with more than 10 billion euros in 2011, a 10.5 percent annual increase. Via AP
I posted it in the Golf Fitness pro group on FB, is Jim on Facebook?
Ben: "How far are we going to take this?" Courtney: All the way to the honeymoon suite.
RT : the way the relationship was (sorry not a person)
if you are interested in being part of our online store hit us up at
A hennessy I.V. would be nice
It's a process brother, set a new bedtime and consistently aim for it, good luck.
Someday when we travel somewhere where they have it, we'll try it!
Today's one of those days, where I just wanna drown myself in a good book.
RT : p'sshhh. When has that not been true, Mr. Busy? ;) <= Been realizing that I'm a terrible friend. Area needs improvement.
My account was hacked, so my apologies for spam
I hate talking on the phone.
yeah our office is like two blocks away. :)
This laker game is soo intense :-)
I actually follow like 1300
Lots of airhorn blasts coming from Civic Center Park now. guesses right: It's take your kid to work day.
Very exciting! We are getting merchandise as well ;)
don't make her no more :(
me too! Pretty awesome though!
We need a record deal!!!
"control your WHOREmones mom" -
only pros like me know how to do it!
how often do you get Cal?
No one really ever wins an argument. Choose your words wisely...
Unless they don't like you, which you probably shouldn't have said it in the first place..
I'm going to go ahead and warn you about me....ppl say I am awesome :)
3 hours to kill before my next final... prlly should be studying... but i think I'm going to look up music 2 add to my ipod instead.
Uncorking the First DC Wine Week
Dude. You could bounce a quarter off of 's cleavage.
RT : Several new Google Refine reconciliation services for taxonomic databases by
im good now im home <3 thanks for caring
Go 2 BED ,
ignore a guard
Ah, cd unbroken is out!!! Im gonna go buy it!! :D
"this is la familia--I'll explain later"-- ----
haha that's so funny love it!
If only I could go! AND OK
106 days till graduation!!
Are you a creature of habit? If so, what is your go to Daily Grill menu item?
Workflowy is absolutely awesome, browser tab that kept open daily!
Community Calendar - The Doings Oak Brook
Gradual clearing.
okay I'll be hear i get off at 6pm
U GET MY MESSAGE HOMBOI?
Somebody said I have negative energy around me
The winner of our Black Keys Ticket Giveaway will be announced tomorrow. You can enter to win on our Facebook Page!
listening to cameos of love with and Al Shillah...www.cameosoflove.com
& he tried to make it seem like i was trippin all the time , nah nigga i knew what you was up to & I told him ima catch him .
RT "Every time you #smile at someone,it is an action of #love, a #gift to that person,a beautiful thing." -Mother Teresa
well we will go out there soon enough. :)
Congrats on a great event last night!!! Very sry I cudn't be there, but I've heard great things :)
Arrest UC Davis Police Lt. John Pike. Resign UC Davis chancellor­, Linda P.B. Katehi.
I need to learn to believe in it again...but how?!?
If you don't shut up about wanting a damn hamburger, I might punch you in the face.
i dont get it
How does not know where the #youthjail stands? I know. She should too.
Michalko summary: discussions around services we should or could be offered ; values; cultural boundaries and imbedded values.
Hello weekend only off today and tmw then long weekend next weekend booooooyaaaaaaaaa
Thanks Amanda, they are much appreciated.
Do you still hate Twitter? HA!!!!
I admit it, I've got a pretty big smile on my face.
Knicks gone get swept probably
yeah. Idk what the deal is.
Thanks much I was in Cuba with Nat Geo
Anyone interested in volunteering at the DTD booth at Club Rush on Friday between 10-2?
Oh my gosh. Today turned out great.
I'm hungry.
True, but why not jump at the chance to enjoy some chocolate?
haha. With big pointy ears and a awesome heeehaaa yell
Last night's event was incredible. We want to thank everyone who attended/donated/participated. Pictures to follow...
#ItsHardToNot do crack cocaine
RT : BEAUTIFUL SIGN LOL!"LET'S GO ANDY MURRAY... RODDICK" and the name murray is just crossed out :D
So, we dissected a clam. A clam. It was pretty exciting stuff.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
The only thing going through my mind is that scene from The Dark Knight when the Joker mysteriously says "and here..we.......go."
#Revelation: I thought I adored you, and at one point I loved you but in the end I fell out of love ...I fell out of making you my all.
Instagram: josh_no_drakebell, I will follow you back!
resolved: start all office hours by asking "Who sent you? WAS IT THE ROMULANS?!?!?"
Oh my word yes so much fun! So young at heart miss her everyday but more during ball season
This is good! I'd forgotten just how corrupt and inept Ronnie's admin was. World class crookedness!
"In distress you called, and I delivered you; I answered you in the secret place of thunder." Psalm 81:7a
and I've got enough beers that I can share one with a fellow SF Sconnie if you wish!
Day of the underdogs. Wow.
Get to leave wrk at 4
So many #TopCharities in #Miami. #GetInvolved w/
Good morning ^.^
So I'm watching Colombiana and I have to say... Zoe Saldana is one hot piece...
working on more! Coming soon, promise :))
what is all this damn honking for?! unless you about to lay out a baby bitch, please shut the fuck up.
No clue. I just wish it would stop twitching... it's making me twitchy all over!
#TCU has answered the #Baylor 26 unanswered points with 25 unanswered points of their own to take a 48-47 lead late in the 4th
Way to start us off today
That is the true issue.
RT The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts.
And this is exactly why I have major trust issues..
Chapman may be forgetting the racial troubles being perpetrated in Europe by those secular governments against muslims and Africans
I'm glad we all agree that "Reckoner" is Radiohead's best song. Wait, we do, right?
Casually just registered for classes on my phone
So tired. Gonna take a nap.
: Ooh, a big fave of ours. Enjoy the movie. *swoon*
end of Mass Effect 3. Did I like it?
Wearing stretchy pants to make room for final dinner tonight.
M BBQ ribs. And I'm with fam...I'm happy!
Just added a comment to your post. Let me know if I'm crazy or not LOL!
It's at least light outside now, when I walk to the bus stop...
yea I bee in the studio every weekend and I work with my dad you know he got hos own business
hospin the rapper. He dint get that big but he was bigger in 2009-2010 listen to sagg my pants by him.
Apollo Global Management Announces Successful Completion of Its Acquisition of Great Wolf Resorts
my work here is done ;-)
Fair exchange is not robbery. Continuous output with no return is stupidity. Stupidity can be corrected. I stand corrected. Fair warning!
stfu light bright
Ashley is stuck in traffic, therefore she is running late. Y'all hang tight and there will be a wonderful wine tasting in a bit.
Baseball folks: if u had a time machine, what old school pitcher would you bring to the present to face Bryce Harper? My pick: Pascual Perez
BlacksClub thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I hope all is well with you and yours!
please show me and the video when your done! :)
There you go Yates! Do that!
sounds like a plan.
What is wrong with Twitter? I just signed in and it tells me that I have reached my hourly usage limit - after not tweeting for days? WTF?
Ran into a guy wearing a UMaine Black Bear hockey jersey in New Orleans today. From Orono originally.
Moving Day.
This girl text me and said I put on in the club the other night. I text that dumb bitch back and said I do this year round!
Hi Rob, I work for AEXP. We have cardmembers who want to pay their Stream Energy bill with. Who do I talk to about it? Tks!
Voice training work..these warmups are hard. Red leather yellow leather green leather purple leather.
": You can't know Him and doubt Him.#BishopHuttonWood#FB" A to the Men!
Hey, no problem. We are all in this together!
We live not in an accident, but in a Great Intention; the details of which theologians have argued since ages past.
Our teacher told us we could highlight anything we want so i got up and marked him with my highlighter <3
it was nice seeing you and Annie too. Definitely. See how your week looks and I'll get a hold of you mon
Seriously. If you didn't leave yourself enough time in the am to cut your nails, wait until bedtime. Doing it on the train is not OK.
and are the best <333
sure followed, follow back
Thank you for the RT!
Hey , I was hoping you'd weigh in, my very thoughtful friend!
How you act & what u say to people does affect them. You think it's a joke but to them, it isn't. When you realize that, it will be to late.
no more Bored to Death? That is unfortunate. Loved it while it lasted.
...but QR codes INSIDE the book are more successful...17K scans for The Timeless Swing.
be careful man. I think bud light owns the right to the phrase "here we go," I wouldn't want you getting sued
Had a good listen to the with guests , , & But who was belching right into the mic?
im unfollowing you because all you talk about is how bacon is good and how you are a drunk #wheresthejokes?
and funny thing you and me have the same name:)
There's an AWESOME cold green bean & pesto recipe in the Bookman Boys cookbook! I use it as a summer salad.
#FollowFriday Here are some people I have mad respect for
Why does our culture idolize Hollywood stars? I know so many more intelligent & beautiful women (on the inside & out) right here in Seattle!
Happy Mother's Day. I pray it's a blessed one! Ms. D
Can't wait to see that!
You have awesome NorCal running, so I think we're even! (We have a couple more elements to shoot--aiming for air next week)
Dad showed us the photo of the dog balancing a can on his nose. Wish we had noses so we could do that. Still working on sitting!!
Did I mention FREE worldwide shipping????
When you misspell on a tweet <<<
ℱℴℓℓℴω NHRA top fuel Racer ✫ ✫ Founder of ✫positive ♥
Top Story: Mitt Romney'e bank account reveals he spent thousands on Hair Gel
Ah, and Ernest Borgnine (sp?), right
can't wait for Texas to come to Morgantown!!! Are we playing with some passion today? How are we looking?
well don't go to Tmobile their phones are the worse. I was getting new phones every 45 days
I was at the ending
Cooke: community organizations should not work separately
More Kinnikinnick arugula pesto, onions,etc lavender honey oh yeah!
thanks darling! You are such an amazing friend, xoxo
Those birds that woke me up at 7 am, also shit on my car this morning. Awesome.
Hi : Found you through Would love to read some of your short stories
The burgers at the snack shop on Surf side beach are amazing!
Dog lovers don't work in libraries. (At least not in the same numbers as cat lovers.)
We are being enchanted at the Enchanted Forest.
Mismanaging stupidity is very costly - form good habits!
Thank you...for your support and introducing us to #FF!
They won't miss you when you are gone. They will only miss you once you've moved on.
Twisting at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. Thursday night from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Kids meals only $2.95! Come in and Visit!
J.K. Rowling, of 'Harry Potter' fame, announces publishing deal for adult novel
glad you liked it. Be sure to follow too :)
should look at his DM
is it Friday yet?
The winner is: (Drum Roll Please!!) CONGRATS!!! You won a $25 visa gift card along with samples of azap! How does that sound!
YOUR NOT MY MOTHER
My sister named it Jonas. hahaha
RT : By 2013, 47% of the US Workforce will be 36 or younger. -US Census Bureau
I'm not an expert but they seemed pretty good. :)
Hi! For those of you here, that have me on myspace, i will let you know, that i had to cancel my account, and start over due to these nasty
aww that's great
Where the heck did empathy go?!
Take a break from this, i be on later.
Why do people ruin the internet like Facebook and stuff with spam. Just cuz you like a photo doesn't mean your gonna save there life.
dude that class.. #sigh it wil never be the same, she said Denise and I are her only hope this year
You are just too sweet ;) Happy Friday, love
For once in your life you don't get what you want and you ruin everyone's day? Seriously?
After seeing the orange slide in the #MLBFC I so want to be there.
*sigh* I really want to watch Bridget Jones but the language isn't exactly appropriate for little ears.
Setting up Aruba & Battle at the w/
Not even gonna lie just felt pretty bad ass on the back of my dads Harley
Is angelina preggers again? She looks like she's gaining weight.
I'll take "things I don't miss about Chambana" for $500, Alex.
Pissed off now.
now you can't discount limited action in majors AND lengthy career minor league numbers, can you?
Dating Tip 9: If you're gonna hit on my friend on Facebook, at least do it in a message and not on his Wall!
RT : glad this Dodgers press conference started with Mayor Villaraigosa and Councilman Reyes. That's who we all came to hear.
Secretary Clinton steadfast offering of respect and diplomacy strengthens are relation w/China & the world! TBR
Outdoor ice hockey in California? Believe it.
Nice ride by Taylor Phinney.
Omg I can't wait till college
Omg this man just got hit by a car ouch..
Today was a good ass day!
Working on my SLIS Orientation & learning about grad school's 3:1 ratio for recommended study time, 6cr-hrs=18hrs of study/wk
: juss txt me
Do penguins have knee joints?? Or is their whole leg just a stub? #deepthought 🐧
let me get a good look at your app! :) Instagram
Going through hard times might be the best things that happened to me.
Gills trying to warn me :)
they ever put up that battle yet??? Smh
Last day of work for the week. Buffalo tonight, Florida in the morning!
you're not curvy, you're just fucking fat.
RT “: on the hunt for William Gay's The Long Home, Nick Flynn's Some Ether, & Tracy K. Smith's Life On Mars #justread”
The New Information Professional "provides valuable information that’s specific, detailed, and actionable," says Infonista blog.
How brilliant! Had no idea! Thanks, Richard.
Rain or Shine Coffeehouse on 60th & SE Division is new to the neighborhood and serving our tea! Tip: try their unbelievable carrot bread
I love you cheers!!!
Bam. Nailed. Will do RT You totally nailed it. The team at should be very proud of you. Enjoy lunch! -Ben
Average click through rate online is 1% - 3% but great is 3%-5% - Strive for Great!
Sounds sweet to us! RT: : will you be joining us for a scoop of Summertown?
Found a DVD with the Lord of the Rings soundtrack. In Turkish. There is nothing more magical than office cleaning at Nat Geo.
I said earlier today that Westbrook would avg 30 a game in this series... I should have said 40
what's yo digits? my phone deleted all my contacts.
awww you're making me blush! (and wondering if you're being sarcastic lol)
Of pipe-cleaner chairs: Can be used for chairs in a dollhouse, display items or as chair for pipe cleaner stick figure people to sit on.
Desirable Mag is a luxury fashion magazine. Come check out our site desirablemag.com
Happy Easter everyone, I hope you all have a blessed day <3
Just beat my traffic ticket case with the officer present left the court room with a big fuck you smile
thank you for helping us get our message out theFilm!
J sotomayor asks if #SB1070 allows arrest of tourist who overstayed visa for 1 day.
RIP Steve Jobs - What an amazing story.
Yall didnt believe me when i said Rondo was gonna go off did you? :)
Support Local
S/O 2 thanks for the follow
The only thing sadder than doing nothing with our lives, is spending our time watching others on TV do the same.
Manchester United who employ the man Jonny Evans and couldnt even beat Basel, are probably the Champions.
ah haha... don't be mad cuz u got beat by a girl! Lol. Def need to hang soon!
help me Jesus!
"Marriage requires a person to prepare 4 types of 'Rings': Engagement Ring Wedding Ring, Suffering, Enduring."
What do you call a computer that can sing? A dell.
a running store in cincinnati
So who's the lucky lady???
You know it's bad when my brother thinks you're being a stupid bitch!
you and the
Arkansas has Bama on the ropes. It's 20 to 7. There's still plenty of time remaining. Is this one over yet?
by the way after busting out my new clubs on Sunday I'm stoked to go hit a course
Over 5000 followers now. Follow
I agree. Memphis is a basketball city!
yes, danah is correct. I am on the WEF Rethinking Personal Data project #wef #personaldata. Nice to meet you too.
Today, my skin would benefit from __________.
Hm, what to do what to do? Sit at home? Poker? ?
I'm at the courthouse right now
yea, i liked his weapon
it's not too late to drive!
Anyone else in #Boston next week for ? Cocktails might be in order.
I'd rather be alone than unappreciated or unloved ... with that being said...
tonight our freinds Before the Satellites are playing the House of Blues in Anaheim tickets are 10 bucks and they play at 10:45. hope...
R N THE STUDIO AS WE SPEAK!!!!
Just copped two prints & two t-shirts from the amazing Sad I couldn't get my hands on the Rotary Signal Emitter EP though...
Change is good, but not all change, only the spare kind...
the same
aww shucks - wishful thinking :-)
So all of a sudden I can't use Facebook as my Page. Anyone else encounter this?
I think its totally acceptable to call oneself a banjo guru, though.
This day is going to kick my behind.........snore....
time for practice. a ton of shows coming up in april - y'all aren't ready.
When my computer decides to be a slow jerk! #YeahILoveThat. -.-
I'm having trouble targeting dijit.form elements from selenium. Anyone know what the right way to do that is?
Also coming up April 28th is the indie fest! Come check me out as well as other artists!
#Herzliyaconf the iranian change thinks there is not the 'stomach' for these tools.
Thanks for all the RT's today..great sessions, really enjoyed the conference.
sure! where do I send it? also, how can I get songs on SC to be playable on my choir's FB page? That's what I was trying to do.
RT : Gorgeous day in SF! Thanks for the walk and chat //back at you! Gr8 company and view.
Reason # 1,234,765 why I love my BF.....he helps older ladies in wheel chairs empty their carts at grocery stores!
When I see your face it brightens my day. LOL JK it makes me laugh.
Where are all these strip clubs with buffets
This year determined a lot of shit, for me.
ugh... My heart is so heavy :( so thankful her daughter is here with you all xoxo
soon man... Unfortunately my MacBook got water spilt on it and it's a little iffy so Im tryin to get it to a better state
That awkward momet where you are eavesdropping on a stragers conversation and accidentally laugh out loud at a certain part
bitch excuse me, im looking for some pussy.
I really don't haha
Hot Chocolate's location tomorrow will be in Rancho Bernado on 11000 via Frontera! Cross street is W Bernardo Way. Near Broadcom, Sony & BAE
y'all aren't tagging Tyler. "holmes" has two s's on his name. ahha.
Forgot how much of a JAM 'Matchbox 20- Hang' is. Yup, I'm getting old
omg i would fuck josh in a heartbeat. UNF.
Today is Mother Mary's birthday. Incredible that such a humble, loving person was born on this day and said yes to being the Mother of God.
I'm fumbling through my reading for the week, fumbling through my life.
I'm beginning to worry about the high-hanging fruit - nobody ever seems to want it.
a little sexist eh? ;)
Completely exhausted but my mind won't shut off. It's spinning 'round like a hamster in a wheel.
What's wrong with thesis?
Kehinde was at work 3 hours ago & doesnt have internet on his phone so he was #hacked RT >
Victory Loves Preparation!
Tehran example shows the foregrounding of political protest (implication that we need to pay attention to this; interp comes next)
When we lose control, we gain everything - JW
#mke Looking for a freelance designer to make a corporate presentation look amazing. Know anyone?
ahah yay (: tell me what it is and i'll follow youu
I ain't hating i don't need hatorade. #memories 💜
thanks for the RT.
Good day to u Pres!! Quick question how many bcaa's to take when hungry in between meals and snacks?
Ladyfact o' the day from a medical text: "The vagina is called a 'potential space;' that is, it's not a space unless something occupies it "
Congratulations from all of the USF Supporters here in Tampa! You guys got a really great guy in !
I wonder... what if facebook bought opera, and made it the facebook browser?
Save the date! Screening at #Evanston #Illinois library (just N of #Chicago) on Jan 7 at 2pm & 4pm. (Full details soon.)
Well then at least get it right. You're on teatering between clean and prudish sweetie.
San Diego we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Haha! Nope, but one of the girls from the show is one of my best friends :)
hahah! Well you are mexican! & oh yeahh how much was it? I need to get money from the bank -___-
You wanna see a bad movie? Watch Mister Lonely.
Jhumpa Lahiri has a new novel coming out. Can't wait.
Thank you for bringing awareness to Orphan Diseases like EE. How about doing Cystic Fibrosis next? =)
Yes, that was me who just typed CDN has "the 20th largest hyperlocal social media presence in the region" and linked to
we love your work plain and simple! Everything you do is awesome. Developing something in your honor. Stay tunned =) hehehhe
Grandpa Vitale's answer to every problem...put duct tape on it! :)
What is a good radio station in Tulsa, OK?
hey follow me i said beep!!! im on one
Man, Jesus or no Jesus, these black folks that discriminate on any front need their heads examined. Sorry.
Kendall, you're the only one that rocks my world! Follow me please? :)
PS, thanks for the intro to Chris @ Chambers Street. Love that place!
i got to climb ontop of the play house. Twas fun
Well when you Live in San Antonio it's not weird/: lol I've never seen it cuz ive lived in San Antonio my life!(;
Yayayayya!!! Go Holly!!!! MISS YOU!!!
be seeing a lot of mum trends this morning :)
replied on FB
kubina's wikipedia says he currently plays for the sabres...is that a joke?
Are you having a great day today?
The 0-2 curve with a runner on 3rd is a bad call. I get going with your closer, but you gotta waste one 0-2.
Just made tristin dinner, I'm the best girlfriend ever (:
what you on bro?
New Happy Hour Cocktail Menu.. .$3 drinks, and $3 draft beers 5 til 7 everyday.
when you plug in your iPhone, Dropbox can automatically backup your photos/videos. Delete after.
Would have been better if you replaced Kidding with (wink).
HOMAGROWN showcase tonight, stop by & hear some SICK bands and enjoy a nice, cold drink. Presented by Stinson Entertainment and Spy Radio..
Talk shit about me while im in the room? I can hear you.
Wow! Great group of 38 leaders including next gens at Latin America cabinet meeting. This group can change the world!
"I'm an expert in Nameology" -Agent Paul Smeker #favoriteboondocksaintquotes /via
Seriously these fucking fouls are bullshit. I want to die.
That math don't add up bruh
Playing at Madison Brewfest tonight 8pm-10pm. Badger game will be playing on big screens. Only $5 admission!
too much taco bell?
OK...so I am really excited about my #captainhouseparty. My supplies have shipped and I am ready to host...all r welcome!!!!
My work is in a group show at June Kelly Gallery til 4/7. Reception 3/31, 166 Mercer St, 4-6pm. Upgrade your weekend plans with #art!
#Eagles swap Vince Young for Jacory Harris. One QB gets depressed when he throws INTs while the other embraces the opportunity to throw more
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing Spider-Man 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
Enjoying the sun while it lasts!
Relationships at this age is pathetic.
Watching "20/20" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#NewYorkYankees 1-9 with RISP isn't gonna get it done. Let's do better in Toronto GO YANKS!!!
been up all nite dealing with alot and still gotta work now! story of my life...
this can of has decorated my desk for the past two weeks.
Quote by the late cultural commentator, Will Rogers captures the nation's political sentiment, "I wish I could vote against both candidates"
Hello to all my new VIPs! Thanks for following! Like us on facebook...www.facebook.com/VipSanAntonio
I <3 You The Most !
Relationships these days are a JOKE. It's like April 1st all year long.
Someone tweet me I am super bored!!!! Need to have a convo. With someone
-- I'm having MAJOR #uverse billing issues with no help from Miss Murphy at customer service. Help?!
Ouch! #anyonenotseethisresult : Raiders spending the night looking at highlights of Carson Palmer.
Surly Abrasive has sold out online, we should have more in next week. Please check back, Thank you!
i saw ur amazing video of Love Like Woe!!(: your so awesome
twitters now!
What? Oh! RT : Every time you write "Columbia" instead of "Colombia", an empanada dies. //cc
great post about Hubspot inside sales... how does a startup get the first sales leads?
ha, i just emailed that to Tom.
We appreciate everyone who follows us on Twitter! Thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
Damn, I Wanted To Go To The Beach But It Got To Damn Chilly..!
Happy mothers day, running to get my mom a card and something else special last minute. Love you mom!
RT : In an amazingly passionate session discussing hacking education.
Creating film noir takes a lot more than just dim lighting. Find out more @ SECCA, May 10, 7 p.m. FREE Talk @ SECCA.
U'd be perfect! RT : I'd LOVE too
The now is eternal just tune in.
If I can't do this, then what can I do. Pathetic? Maybe. Destined? No.
#dtl2011 I want to get some great ideas for higher ed faculty for using social media in their online classes.
Talking about the clippers curse Chauncey Billups is out for the remainder of the season!
I wish I knew ... but so much depends on the client's background, search strategy and targets as well as resume
I hope you find what your lookin for
dont worry! when i marry him (or i guess when whoever marries him) they wont be sayin that!
I already told u I'm coming. That's u tweeting from the account?
Today will be spent picking out fonts for a new iPad design. While it sounds fun, dealing with fonts and iOS can get tedious.
Gonna be a crazy weekend...gotta make 900 pops over the next 48 hours!!
so nice meeting you. thanks for your hospitality, amazing conversation, and tweet-mentoring
Complete social media abandonment this week... Traveling will do that to you!
This is the weirdest football game I've ever half-watched while cataloging.
I'm not falling for dat
Mad as hell..
i sure did!
#Goodnight to me.. Good morning to the rest of
Can't wait until I finally and officially turn in my comp paper for good. It needs to just vanish from my life ASAP.
The power is completely out here for some unknown reason. Lighting candles; it feels weird.
follow me !!!
smoke...knock out...sleep
Yes I agree. He has shown us that ppl can change. That all ppl matter no matter how different they are.PROUD OF MY POTUS
What game is everyone most excited for this week? I'm looking forward to Boise St. at Georgia on Saturday!
You are too funny; That's why I like you.
"Regional #foodhubs are filling a market function not adequately addressed by the current distro system." Especially in aggregation
When your tired but afraid of what you might miss<<<<<<
#nowplaying Pink Floyd
i think we looked the best today at the fundraiser.(;
ditto same here
love it!
Stop by your nearest #PeoplesFlowerShop by 4 p.m. today and get a FREE #Bridgewater candle and FREE flower! (505) 884-1600
Avoidance is a full time job.
Even in a world of business demand, take some time to slow down and enjoy your family and friends!
I especially hate the one of the Latino guy banking in line for the lunch truck. I'm worried about burritos not my accounts!
Speaking for myself, a cynicism-ectomy. Would like to see city itself become more consensus-focused. Neighbors shouldn't be enemies
The only difference between the top ppl in ur bizness & you is their habits. How easy is that!
u ready to get that head bust @ 2
thanks! Delicious as always! Thanks again, see you soon!
where is a bitch to hold muh earrings we gettin ready to fight gur
Do you want an invite? Haha
RT Good judgment comes from experience, but experience comes from bad judgment.
and tweet with so many of you over these past few months. God willing, things will get better in the coming months, and I shall return...
When I was little I was always scared of the chupacabra :$
I appreciate your honesty ! We all have to work harder. Thanks for telling it to us straight.
Amazing interception! We got this!
This vacation coming up is gonna be the best one n 8 yrs.
I love #IceLovesCoco! I feel like you two are my pals. And SoulGee! Love you!
There, but for grace, go you and I.
Hey there downtown friends - there is a band playing the hallway just outside our Bricktown store at noon. Come on down during your lunch!
#Psychomania burned down. I never got to go :c
Getting fatter by the bite:)
That moment when you know your friend is doing something wrong, and you want to blast out the truth.
screenshot or it didn't happen
get any cute stuff? And yeah I was sick but I will deff be in school tomorrow
got it
"Judge not before you judge yourself. Judge not if you’re not ready for judgment". #Bob Marley
#rememberwhen we had to blow in the Nintendo cartridges
It's funny how you loose something really close to you when your a kid, live without it for years and then find it again and still love it x
Happy Mothers Day!! I'm lucky to have the best mom in the world!!! And lucky to have a wonderful step-mom too! God has been so good to me!
I asked Romero to put my face on m new iTunes single and I was told I'm getting unicorns instead. I wonder what I will get in the final? ;)
“: Oh, you like chewing on ice? Can you chew a little louder please, I can't hear it very well.” your girl...hahah
Driving through Maryland...New York, here we come!
April has a lot of cool stuff going on in #NYC!
LMAOOOOOO, man...i knew u were gonna say that lol
So the new Sunday hype is to tag your friends to Bible versus and images, stop that! Ask before you do that.
Woodlands pool= summer
Thanks, but the credit all goes to you and your scrap paper entourage! :-)
Sounds like you need picture in picture for tonight.
Bout to take a shower (((:
To all marketers on Twitter: there's nothing more annoying than a post with a link, a title in 2 words, and 8 random hashtags.
State Employee Monday! Great meals at one great price. You know the drill.
Aw, makes me miss Fry St. Did you ever make it to Fry St. Fair? Denton was like my own personal Austin.
you've got it
Hanging out in #FOIAchat. Anyone have fav. management software on the gov't side? Anything from intake to redaction & onwards.
Even on a Sunday I'm booking auditions for talent ......#NOTcomplaining!!!
Whats the point in commenting on something on FB and then deleting the evidence from your own wall? Thoughts?
yea I agree. I'm sure he's working hard to get one up soon though! :) -izzy
Why did she message me...?
depends on the type and location of the restaurant.
Oh did I mention "The New York City Zombie Prom featuring GWAR" happens June 9 2012. I'll let you know when tickets go on sale!
that's like sex that lasts 2 seconds. It doesn't count.
I can't understand a word this kids rap music is saying.. Why do you listen to this? 😳
Sick ass afternoon w/the #Bch9thSkaters good skaters w/good vibes. I wish em all the best. Pics soon come...
Make Moves And Stay Consistent.
Lincoln in 1862.
Loves It
wait, what? where am I? What's the date? What time is it? I'm confused :-) RT April showers bring may showers
Thanks for coming out yohh!
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin♡♡♡♡♡♡ 101
Associate Producer for the next reading at The Workshop theater Co. Cool!
Already cut his mic. RT : Wonder what Larry Andersen is saying on the radio about these terrible umps
Ewwww 😷: I need to find someone who loves onions lol
Looking for a good healthy recipe website...suggestions?
even though I live in US I'm going to guess and say that it's a song! :-)
I get the room on the left
Godspeed! Can't wait to see it!
duet Bari sax Gm improv; tuba singing into bell w/ words "house, crisis, duress, digress"; 2:57.
Familiarizing myself with the kitchen. Baby and wifey are in the house!!!!
I saw the most ratchet ass bitch when I was on the bus yo
aye, yooooo, Monday, you, mah place, be dere, or be square.(:
Adorable no matter what's on your head! RT (un)distinguished made it. Don't u just love it?! Never looked better!
swagg so sick....I cry..
Would love to be included in the DC Blogs listings! I know you guys are busy...thanks!
I need to learn how to text with out looking at my phone.
This is the account that i'm going 2 use to promote U & stay in touch w/entertainment/music. thanks. -V
t-minus 21 minutes
Initial presentation for Educause #E11_SESS063 posted. More materials soon. Feel free to make suggestions!
tell Anderson's camera man to wipe the lens!
This nigga #mayweather talks big shit, but can you blame him?!
same, just watching the woman in black with some friends from my dorm room
A few more--Thx! (thanks for your help last week!) and you are the man.
how u doin on the tickets?
good bye
im still high from last night
": I'm serious, I will go to EVERY single one of my classes till the school year ends." I'll be proud of you, if you do (:
Good Afternoon Baby!! I Love You With AL My Heart!! (; <333
Love getting Sundrop when I go down Southside-so much better than Mountain Dew.
hey my friend, what's been going on?
I know killed his show tonight.
Think Martin Brodeur played Phil Collins' "In the Air Tonight" on repeat? "I've been waiting for this moment.. all my life."
Did we mention that #AUPSteadyRain got 5 Star?! Still tickets available for tonight at 8 and tomorrow at 2:30! See you at the Wheeler!
*starts packing luggage* lmao
He has better eye brows than me
i do too love
next year, my friend, we will get that panel together.
Pam Anderson will be the latest in a long line of celebrities to join the Broadway production of CHICAGO, according to Perez Hilton.
Introductions have begun for today's #AustinClimb Leadership Council meeting. Get involved with the Climb! It's only two months away!
Yep, our building in PB shook for a second.. very briefly. RT : Did you feel shaking? We're looking into reports from viewers.
Didn't win? We've got more giveaways right around the corner! Thanks for reading Blast!
I love you guys! Great event last week. Keep it up!
Why do people feel comfortable texting you things they would never have the guts to say to your face?
Get me back to England, I would love a life, I don't care if it's cold!
At "when traditional media meets new media" panel #latism11 our cup of tea
I'm thinking of reading Ulysses for the first time with a friend, so if you get good advice, let me know!
I can throw you one...you should just come down for this Cinco De Mayo party and party like its your birthday!!! hahaha
hahahahahahahahah! "ya" like " u " like " you" omg u not understand...
I think playing a New York song was a bad idea lol. Hopefully Niner fans are kinder to you guys unlike towards Williams
Thank you! Have a great week.
One more round of Call Of Duty!
we can use but there are very strict rules. & it is on courtesy wifi (so not on main w/patient records)
Gotta love Thursdays! Tomorrow it's $2 off your combo plate!
trying to get this bread rite
This article discusses some useful tips to help you succeed and make money with Twitter
Preparing to teach Fire! And the #Insurance Industry tomorrow at Paul Davis in Southeast, WI.
RT : Get up & work towards what u love even when u dont want to. Push thru the resistance & walk on the road less traveled.
yeah! ready for some
#IUsedTo do chest and biceps every day. Don't lie-- you know you did too haha
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys!!
Absolutely, -- you're most welcome!
see you soon!
:( sorry. Just means you'll make a lot over the weekend! :)
EMXC TRYING TO BREAKOUT...
there's nothing to do!!
I love licorice Thanks to National Licorice Day yesterday
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Albuquerque! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
How did you get so many followers? D; Tell everybody to follow me and I will give you a hamburger.
Hip hop is not dead but its on life support
Need more followers!!! Help us out!
do u like northwestern -2?
willinger's in northfield. Know anything about it?
Did I just hear that correctly? #PlayBook OS version 2 is now available for developers?
Moving day for !
Whoa lightning
well its not like we are doing anything else.
Ugh. I feel like I'm trapped in hell.
Happy Monday to all of you;-)
What! Omg I used to play in high school!
Thank you and people keep trying to sweep it off to the side! He assaulted that boy.
a big FU to my computer, facebook, twitter (i know, i know), phone etc. i'm going outside to water my new trees.
Ohh I texted you the other day
and your dad let you go?
#telecomix taught people how to make two way radios out of repurposed consumer electronics. (Couple of alarm clock radios)
Just 1 more thing we gave in common. :D
The Freddie news on NPR is not shocking but incredibly ridic. Shut down their gambling.
is again offering Season Tickets which give listeners a nice savings. Details at fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
"Bboyss and Bgirls will be doing there hip hop Dancing At 7 pm till 9:15 pm check them on ustream
I'm so tired. Running so much more on Thursday <<
Time for a later dinner....BBL~
They're 4-0 so far. At the moment, I think not.
Looking to add a PR AAE to our team; looking for at least 1-2 years of agency PR experience to work on B2B accounts
your enlightenment has given an elevated level of inner peace. #namaste'
SUMMER WILL BE LEGIT WITH #BELIEVE COMMING OUT !!
haha. this tweet is hilarious. i learned recently that back in the day you did a play w my pal Bryant Mason.
Are the #dodge Durango commercials appealing to the "I'm so manly, but oh so stupid" crowd?
If gives out a sports pick, don't just listen, bet it! He knows a thing or two... and don't ask me how I know - I just do. :)
Lying... and then lying about 'not' lying.
About to bedazzle some costumes for the Jersey Shoresical.
Stuck in Philly for the night. Won't be flying us airways anymore. What's the plan tonight ?
Thank you for your service. Wishing you hummus in the future.
Just not sure about j.lo rocking the snookie poof
Just voted - good luck!
Correct on unambiguous, we are protecting women's rights from an overreach by religion.
#ASECS12 last paper, Amanda Johnson, looking at Faulkner's Absalom, Absalom as meditation on Mississippi's Catholic/Creole ID.
I went to the gym. Didn't get outside but its gorgeous here too.
That. Is. AWESOME!
missing Charlotte
i agree - it'd be cool as well to see Terrico back on the court
today was the longest day ever!! trains were slowed down bcuz sum1 got hit by one my prayers go out to the person n their family :(
:/ wtf just happened...
will u plz follow me back?!?!?!:)
you guys attend St Francis now? No more Hope?
haha hell yeah, great times
JLA FORUMS - Metal Buyer (Durham, NC)
need to pick your brain AND see ya. What's good for u? Or we can chat 2mrw....know u have early day....
nah, no tumblr account. I started my site before tumblr was around, and never got around to making one. Might someday. Sweet page!
ok Big Bro
Some people pay a compliment as if they expect a receipt - Kin Hubbard
Three out of four picks in the Final Four isn't bad.
siiiiii amen :D
Counting down to the premiere of Atlantis with at her viewing party in Pittsburgh. 9pm
They are still planning them out! Will keep everyone posted!
can you give us another spoiler to the finale? please!
I think its just as annoying when fans of celebrities ask for retweets. I don't get the point of that either
I meant the iPad app was working this weekend saying it was private, but it is working now. AMAZING animation. Thank You.
I agree RT : Music mags make me feel misanthropic. Gets worse when I finally hear what the hype is about. 80% chance of letdown
Amazing and weird creatures exhibit bioluminescence - Blue Planet - BBC Earth
Wheather is great here at the lake! Time to go boating!!!!
I thank my #Mom for her constant encouragement of all things possible for women and how we shouldn't/can't be stopped!
thx rose, been resting all day.. so i do hope i feel better in the morning.. lol. Hope you been well
can't working a wedding in the city all day. Won't be home till 230. Coffee then??
lol just means people respect ur knowledge brotha! I love outside opinions in fantasy sports. I'll send when i get home
That looks so good!
haha I love LA! Wish you the best in your career ! Stay beautiful you!<3
Vie, the Bristol, Boka, girl & the goat, perennial Virant and Gt fish all tasting right now at the 2nd Corkdork blind tasting. Who will win?
Hope everyone has a Great 4th of July weekend.
I like Steven Tyler. His book is quite good, Get Your Wings still rocks & he's ok growing old w/o mummy plastic. Yeah, like that'll catch on
Operation: Kill The B*tch!
aww I'm SO glad you like it! I love doing collage for people, especially when I'm lucky to find all the right pieces. <3
I would be enjoying this weekend so much more if I didn't have all the homework I need to do in the back of my mind :(
Thx for encouragement :) Appreciate it!
someone is about to get cussed out if they dont turn off that damn dog whistle on the bus.
go to sleep
I am PERFECTLY fine with the fact that I am not PERFECT
TYPO I MEANT TO SAY LINWOOD AND DAVISON
Our reading period for the Winter Issue is still open! Send us your work!
you can be my it girl :P
Workin hard in the lab right now. Get at me for features.
dude!!! our French project?!
I never show or let my haters know they've got the best of me because that gives them power
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb We don't care what you think! We're flawless. Whoever made the trend, thank you ;) We're flattered! ;)
How's your day going???
holy shit. Finally a benefit to BCBG
Marlo Stanfeild is NOT a man for this town! *In my Omar vc* lol
shrimp and haloumi.
We're currently experiencing some intermittent issues due a problem at our hosting provider. We'll know more soon.
is it time to scrap my Jacobson? How about a test unit?
No problem is too big for our almighty God. He is in control of everything.
Love the new Michael Jordan commercial on ESPN
Great people to follow
I'd say cross-reference the amount of TapOut, Affliction, and Ed Hardy gear at bars and you'll find a correlation.
His mutants? RT hat about the children of the corn? What are they all about
I hate putting my hair in a ponytail sometimes I feel like a typical stud. Lol
I think I'm gonna go look that up! Never heard it.
Excited to hang out with this Friday at the Unblurred open house & see their unique vintage/handmade housewares
You create your opportunities by asking for them.
"He ran like he was mad at the grass." :-)
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
I can never sit still
Good luck! RT : My counselor is seriously hot. Next week I'm going to straight up ask her for a pic.
Oh yeah....John made you coconut choc chip ice cream too.
I know yo mama straight lookin at me like she want it...wont some chicken with chocolate and cheese on it..#shegotit remix
Report cards for school come out on Friday the 13th. Just shows how sucky my grades will be.
me too! It was a reaction to meds... At least I know not to do that again - ugh
he taste the cake... he takes the cake...
Penning some new songs...not love songs this time...
On My Way To Krogers. . Looking A Hot Ass Mess
Plead the 5th! RT : hahahaha!!! Are you speaking from experience??
Incredible postseason and
fyi Pat...'karma' is an idea borrowed from religions you don't even regard as valid.
agreed. example: RT : Lol theres a lot of people in DE with talent doe man people dont even understand smh
This man killed his own mother? Smmfh !
"He's lying, let's shoot him."
and general self-efficacy as well as social self-efficacy.
One of my all-time favorite sayings RT ": I am so crap at..."
one of my producer is best friend to one of the player
Shot my self portrait yesterday for this year's application, and I'm so excited about it. Can't wait to share!
hahaha im so happy you found this (:
Managed to lower both beds, with no instruction. Got the melatonin and earplugs ready for a night train trip through Kansas.
shut up u hit
Didn't originally intend to listen, but am having a total driveway moment with the Daisey debunking ep of This American Life.
So I lose a friend for a relationship or keep a friend but miss out on love
Q6: Best place in Germany to soak in some culture?
I wish I could be Grace Kelly in 'Rear window' for a day. That lady was absolutely stunning!
maybe we'll finish up mixing this weekend?? lets hope so! check the album track at www.stereokiller.com/brothersfighting
thank you for the b day wish my babe!
TITLETOWN FAN CLUB
I like Prince okay
Wish I had had a minute at the same time as you! All is well here! What r ur plans this weekend - anything fun! :)
Nope.... Its today! i was right. too cool!
Great vibes from people on the road today. This is a great day!
Happy 100th anniversary Fenway Park!!
This makes me appreciate last season even more. GO MAVS.
follow me back ?
Living to please Me is the only way to have a truly joy-filled life. Find your strength & peace in Me-not other people~Jesus Calling 4 Kids
However many ways there might be of being alive, it's certain that there're vastly more means of being dead, or instead not alive.
Didn't come thru - can you email me at my twitter handle at gmail dot com?
We are doing a very poor job of reaching people + business audiences w/ energy issues
Sugar Crashing Librarian Has Little Patience After 9PM.
Watching CNN. Anderson Cooper. Enough said.
I think he said the Astros are playing the reds
am I still on the privileged list? Lol
That's what's up. It's chicken again for me.
Don't look back. You're not going that way. -
Not sure why you want them to take a battery hit to fix your signal problems. Why can't they pay to upgrade to a Maxx?
G.S.C Grape st crip gang man 4192 we still thuggin its all about da money:) CHEEZ 4Sb mess wit dem #THOMASVILLE Baby
Out on the road. Saw people out jogging, and bicycling. Crazy! The snow is deep! And the cars are having some issues.
Ok prob in June cool ": "please : Imma take my cousin on a trip so she can relax for a few days..""
BRAND NEW SONG ON OUR BAND PAGE, DOWNLOAD IT 4 FREE!!! www.facebook.com/fastcarband
we r tired of them 2! rt not sure but I am tired of them. Haha. Wish jake stayed just for some more excitement.
It's crazy how a text from one person can change your mood :)
leaving 2 hours. really cant believe he's pissed about who im married to on facebook. whatever. im not dating you! you cant say shit.
Waiting patiently
Ok, I talked myself into it. Live tweet commencing now. Facing an everything bagel toasted with plain cheese and a four cheese souffle.
Had a great weekend. Now its Monday. Back to the grind.
I have 30 Mbit Internet, and can stream Netflix in full HD, but is absolute crap quality. Bad compression algorithm, or crap servers?
Counting sheeps so I could fall asleep.
I miss sitting in this beautiful Casino & Hotel and taking in the amazing architecture of this building!
you too! xoxo
Watch for us on State Street around 11am today during Busking for Books. We'll be the people carrying the bags of vinyl records!
make sure to wash your ass Pablo honey.
Just good with the clicker. RT : do you have 2 tv screens in front of you?
yeah man we gonna be eating turkey for next several days. lol
Lmfao this person on wheel of fortune just said you only live once...
Well, ya got me. I'm on twitter now. Sheesh.
Thank you for following Passions by K!!
:( some people are just oblivious to it too.
Hey Patrick, sorry I missed you in Chi. I'm actually partly based in LA these days. Would love to connect if you have some time. Best, jp
Over UMass? Yes. A million times yes.
I got that shit on VHS.
Michael Franklin - moderating Big Data on Campus Panel at
#Enlightened is renewed (hooray!) but at what COST?! Goodbye, sweet George Christopher.
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything!
Happy Leap Year Day!!!
gotta love that day drinking!!! RT Best Bars for Daydrinking, Part 1
For bloody sakes, the country is called "Burma"!! NOT Myanmar!
yeah my question is who going bye bye!
Prepare...I already took off lmao! but yo I needa get u on this HERBALIFE tip...have you lookin like ur old skinny self
season 1 man lol im hooked never really watched
Thanks, James!!! Right back at you!
what you know about marilyn Manson haha!
oranges or strawberries (:
Cabin. This weekend. Lets party. :)
So - is the age of Union power completely past or are they still relevant? Discuss.
“Your mind is a tool you can choose to use any way you wish.” ~ -- Ashley DeAngelis ()
.. he was the best. My bad bro.
If #Blazers have two Smiths, will jerseys have N.SMITH and C.SMITH?
bieber is mine :)
thanks for all the great gear, love the cardigan! xoxoxo
just got back to the world of twitter...was having account issues.
#NF and I love the pix he post.
where you play tonight?
I got to see Booker T and the MGs here in Madison when the city unveiled the Memorial plaque to Otis Redding. So great!
So my computer went on strike n the internet wont work :/
Pizza rolls.
nah I think you look very snazzy, or dapper if u will :)
yup they're all there for python 3 of course ;-)
Our own heart, and not other men's opinions, forms our true honor.
lol Are you on Olympic Blvd in Bev Hills near Century City? I love that park.
If you dont know what the hottest afterparty of the Spring, to date, in the DMV then pay attention! This Sun from 8p-1a at Cities Lounge!
ok you have the link dont you
Thanks, Ricky! And thanks for all the inspiration. :)
Just had a kick ass #CrossFit workout at love that place
your a good singer!
What was the consensus on that?
make us something to eat
I'm faithful. Even when things appear to be at an all time low. I'm here to stay, through the shine, rain, or snow. Team
Andamans still on my bucket list, next door neighbour Sri Lanka as well. So much world, so lil time! Where's next for you?
Romney, with all due respect, stuff it. Get with the times. History will repeat itself. As African Americans got equal rights, so will gays.
lol yuup 😊 and kadeem stepped up.. He got an iPhone now! Well, im sure u figured that out.
let the "boys" know Oakleys Bistro is a way better restaurant than St Elmo's in Indy...
wow, thanx man!
Bed. Icing my ankle again tonight. Looking like I'm gonna either have to go to physical therapy or a specialist. This pain is out of control
which social media platform to use less important than the movement behind it via
yup....try pinching your self and ull know ;)
