Any connects out there in Staten Island?
Like half of the man in America. I wish I golfed more often.
well that what you get. Hahahaha (:
THX for following us!
! Over 40 nations registered, preparing now for the opening service. This is Asia's time!
"I was a cold dude im gettin back to my ways"
completely agree!
Checking out twitter on the iPad. WOW!!! I'm sold.
followed c:
Your dad said your mom looks Chinese with his hat on. Ha!
You Home Yet ?
Hear that america? Go mitt go.. Go mitt go.. Get the fuck out of politics fucktard
I'm gonna be tweeting a lot of 's lyrics. They're just too catchy.
they still make zima? I thought they were in the beverage museum with crystal pepsi and carnation instant breakfast.
I don't envy the Comcast rep who has to deal with this situation. RT: comcast u got me waiting for long ass time
Spending $ buying tattoos doesnt make u a bad ass or tuff, and an ugly nerd on steroids is just a bigger ugly nerd. Quit the front. It's sad
ah love her so much. And my fave song Lucky is on that album!
My friend want me to come Texas
I was curious to find out where most of the items around the house were made. Is anything made in Japan anymore?
Here it goes again... Lol.
You need to get on this twitter with me kingpin.
Am guest at Lakers game...great seats! Excitment at Staples Cntr. I want Odom's shoes.
I think Sulu needs his own Apprentice spin-off.
Congratulations egypt!
No :( I'll be in Portland that weekend.
If any of my Nashville friends want to come see #JBandtheMoonshineBand #JesseLee or #ChanceAnderson @ Hard Rock on Thur. LMK! I will add you
Timeout called by Bama.
It could be worse... you could have Rasheed Wallace... wait...
Who never ate his bread in sorrow, Who never spent the darksome hours Weeping, and watching for the morrow,-- He knows ye not, y
#nationalcoffeeday let's celebrate with a cup of coffee. lots of #weddings and #events in #Southflorida this week
I HATE how someone will show back up in my life for a day or two, and then leave with no warning for about three weeks.
#wordoftheday Picaresque (adj) of or relating to rogues or rascals. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
see and I think he can too but I don't ever see him being an average shooter, what sets Paul apart from every guard is
Setting my alarm for 10am tomorrow for the first time in ages. CAN'T WAIT. Also going to do everything in my power to stay in bed that long!
thanks! She's a good baby :). So sweet.
#ImThatPersonWho aint even part of the beef and still swing on the FIRST nigga i dont like
doin a puzzle, woo :D
thanks Eric .. So excited to explore .. Maybe u can visit us sometime 8-)
Yes, this is a little late in asking - but do you know what's up with direct messages not showing in ?
Lesser Known Dog Breed:The Catahoula Leopard Dog, also called Catahoula Cur or Catahoula Hound, is not a hound but a "cur" or mixed-breed.
I wanted to go to the mall <3
I guess this is a bad day for everyone
Clickbank Tips - Making Money on Clickbank
Cause I know she can't love you right, quite like I can.
There are thousands of "accents" around the world, but Hyundai's Accent is the smoothest, sharpest, and sexiest of them all.
jnock and myself fishing on the bayou in Houma. Seen 3 gators already!
Mm lightning ;)
Put technology in the hands of faculty.
Indeed it is!
ah. Dont listen to them they probably retarted or sum .. :D
Maybe this weekend.
Your worth is what what others see in you. Your value is what you see in yourself.
Rehearsing so funny episode on set! Can`t wait to go in New York this afternoon!
Nope! I have you do it for me! RT : How many of you guys pad your resume?
I hate hearing "Congratulations you won!" when going on a website. It totally ruins the song I'm listening to.
It was amazing! So glad we had a chance to reconnect.
aww. I love Disney World. It's great that my Dad works there =)
yes. so much more complicated.
LMAO. That jacket is terrible. TERRIBLE.
: Congrats on going 1 and 1 with
Looking forward, backwards & sideways to your tweets. :) RT : Taking over twitter feed. Behind the scenes, in front...
we blended jade's placenta into a smoothie and dehydrated some into pills!
Closed tonight for maintenance, hoodie alignment seminar.
taking a break from cleaning client files to enjoy this gorgeous autumn day and get some inspiration at Restoration Hardware
RT : Cool read on disruption in retail. " The Decade of Online to Offline #Retail Disruption...
We really did it this time
Why am I just now LOVING A Day To Remember?!
focus on our music that all we know ask our NATION HEARTBREAK HIPPIES
at the D7 City Council Forum. Mat Kostrinsky only one reading from notes. #SDCCD7 #politics #sdcouncil #
have you tried thinking about frustrated that makes you? Maybe that makes you cry: not being able to do it. (:
Did u know that 80% of all health care costs are driven by 20 percent of employees?
Not a fan of the 2 unfunny older nerd improv troupe actors in the Sonic commercials
And it does take a manly, manly man to hit a toddler for being "limp-wristed."
well hello, micth daniels better not run for prez. he just likes to shake things up and go on his way
remember BK only played here 8
you're gonna have a great time at I'm guessing your seats are a little better than mine.
What up Kgoo?
well. im gonna start working out. wanna get rid of this flab. now. where to start? running? crunches? tomorrow i will find out!!!
You know you're in love when reality is finally better than your dreams-Dr.Suess
yes I jus read that they want u to reserve your ticket;)
Searching for a Staff #Accountant in #Clearwater send resume to
nah, dude, I was gonna load up on it, but not at this point.
Kim kardashian has more rings than Lebron James.
We'll be performing at tonights river of lights :)
very nice!
This might be my favorite game of the season so far.
God, Oh God
no problem, can't wait to see ya there :)
Hurray! Is it tomorrow?
Ooh, you've got the best of my love.
#socialmedia is boring, let's find ways to interact and effect the physical world says .
need to stay focused for the FULL half in order to win this game... Or get the ball to
that nigga took his penis off
Weren't able to make it to #tedXatlanta? Join us for the next #cnndialogues in ATL in April. More info coming soon.Topic is
Live Twitterview with Fletcher Cox () begins now. Bring the questions.
I've got 99 problems, but on the BRIGHT side....
Check our timeline, we had frequent updates, but Carroll won 1-0.
not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol
Thank you for such a great chat tonight!
Well ladies, it will be a learning experience! I do like Erin's portrait/landscape idea.
Happy Tuesday! Have a productive day!
Scope me out on Linkedin :-)
Change = transformation & revolution; not easy – get over it – embrace it - be the solution - not a wall.
#nfais12 new technology is CDF like PDF for computable documents publish on the web, download a free plug in
Change can either challenge or threaten us. Your beliefs pave your way to success or block you. ~Marsha Sinetar
Switch hitter.. Could probably groom that with either hand
hahaha thanks phil
"Tell'em" voice
how did you feel to be on the abdc stage ? (:
I know I am totally out of the loop, which makes me ... upset. But the end product will be excellent. No blogging, though, for a while :(
Rock the Red...Caps!
cabling the complete guide to network wiring
- the key is to save a bunch of notes so your desk looks like a damn mess
"i wasn't that drunk"
great looking forward to the event
That Sh*t Belongs to Me,!
Dawson's Creek on Nextflix streaming 5/20. Considering adding 1EP /wk to sunday TV. Can we do this nationwide?? Ladies?
Cant't really think of a sporting achievement that is more amazing.
Cut off my legs now. They are dead.
hate this
naw beer time and sports ctr
#teamfollowback u shud check ur follower and if 1 of them is me and u havent followed back..... u'll be losing a follower
Enough procrastination for one day :) Off to the studio!!
that's rough.
: Can I buy you drinks till you think I'm cute Does wine make you more interesting???
Lmao my moms got mad at me for eating the last of her samoas.. and YES I HAVE. That's the only way to eat them!!
Glad to see my old friend join Twitter. Doing some awesome wine making in the Sierra Foothills.
Heading to DQ with RJ!!! Gonna get my first blizzard in forever!!!!
"New York fans saying what they said to Lebron and treating Heat fans badly are totally classless. There's no room for that"
I havnt peed in the longest time !! :O
Obama calls GOP lawmakers “current members of the flat-earth society” for keeping oil co tax breaks, not investing in alternative energy.
your name was brought up actually. Great work deserves multiple returns! :)
but that's the point of the music genome project that pandora is built off of. Go with spotify.
RT : Someone give me $2 billion...you know I'm good for it :) ~ I got you! 💰💰💰 (as long as it's not my own money lol) 😏
They should invent Glow in the Dark Condoms! That shit would be poppin'.
Tim Duncan is playing like the old Twin Towers days! One of my all time favorites.
But I'll admit that I was glad it was over.
sure, if someone asks me!
Girls go crazy about a sharp dressed man.
yeah I know...no doubt I'll hit you up tomorrow then. Party hard
First screening ever at and we're honored that it is Of Dolls & Murder!
New May specials!!
Funny how people like didn't make a big deal when President George Bush campaigned on the taxpayer's dime.
“: <3” you are the highlight of my night Phil!
. Can i plz ask u a question.?
On our way to the Terra Mysterium in Chicago event hope to see you there
My dad is in rome right now too!
I'm so tight right now, but all I can do is laugh at how upset my face looks. So up set if u breathed on me I would rip ur head off Lmao
you know,when you and your attitude can't please me,it just get your face off my way :)
or u can invite me nxt time & we can split it ;) RT : Finishing a 30-inch pizza just cuz you don't want to take home a doggy bag...
Do you have your own website outside of facebook or myspace? My biggest tip is to create your own website.
Happy St Pattys Day to my favorite Lepraucon.<3
At the game listening to the game
NP, horror movie?
Oh so my wallet was stolen?
burned 72 calories doing 5 minutes of "Sit-ups, vigorous"
even scooter giggled at that whopper. Go wreck something in NH, troll.
what the heck I do to you wiz .... I was arguing with China man
Photo shoot today! All swimwear! Wish me luck! What a beautiful day for it! :)
oh yeah, how much?
hold on. charging my phone that takes 20 minutes to turn on
Excited for "V" tonight, hope it lives up to the hype.
Getting treated like royalty at a country club couldn't be more
Yes i wake up dreaming from them niggas
10 minutes till I get to see for the 5th time, this is the most excited I've been yet
If a singer's song can make you cry, it definitely means he/she feels how you are feeling.
So sad the season for BGC is pretty much over. It was so good this time!!
Hoping you will be tweeting updates on condition of - Thanks in advance!
just helping about a deserving friend. Glad I could help.
Someone talk to me... k cool
lol you know i how i do!! Like a boss :)
Great food/service but the ''air freshener'' in the ladies' room is enough for a bulemic to get the job done.
True. Wish there were some correspondence or a diary that would shed some light on her personality, feelings, & opinions.
Worlds an IQ test, we all fail now and again. xoxo, MM
It is customary for Jamaicans to use Cerasee tea to wash all skin ailments and to cleanse the body....me granny swear by it
Eric Fehrnstrome Senior Advisor, Romney campaign, on Today TALKN about Bain, he constantly saying um, still TRYING to spin some good
My pleasure.I got the bag as well.It's fabulous!
I am so BORED.
I'm totally gonna teleport to you baybay.
marketing and growing brands is not just a job for us. Its a lifestyle and a passion
It's Child Abuse Prevention Month. Do something good for a child, and keep your eyes and ears wide open for anything fishy.
we will get your website to our staff who work w/ our Bigs/ Littles and let them know you are a potential resource. Thanks!
haha we were a part of those smokebreakers.. That was the worst show I've ever seen, well 1st 1/3rd of it Christthatwashorrible
first show in Savannah on January 20th. w/ at sentient bean
really hoping that my arrives today...since everyone else in DC got theirs yesterday!
Everyone needs to vote for !!
1. Running late a lot? Best increment to set your watch ahead by is 15 minutes! 1/4 the face of the watch
whoops. Get on that dude
thanks amigo!
It is going to be time for #DR and #Ecuador before you know it! E-mail for details on #missiontrips w/ #SPC!
is it summer yet?
Oh man, I love watching the tattoos getting done. That's the part I don't get!
: My money is on your grandmother! lol
Let me txt my mama
One of my social media dashboard posts had 666 views today. Sometimes dashboards can be eViL
Yep and my twin sister is but she doesnt get on twitter very often. :)
RT : Challenge from : We need YOU to get involved, Milwaukee creatives! Start now at www.creativityworksmke.com....
That bird is going psycho!!!
Nice! What library has Dunkin Donuts iced lattes?
If Pau Gasol ever get traded, I bet his bitch azz gone go somewhere else and BALL!!!
great! Working. Kinda boring but fun.
I think the number stays the same, so no. You could always start and follow us from that account.
you'll find out on Tuesday!
... You know most can't handle that.. No matter who that is...
Making our own sunshine behind the decks in the studio with my hunny :)
weird....just posted to your fb pae about it. Crazy psychic connection. Freaking me out
Working my night away and it sucks. Just want to go home and chill
I'm in the mood to write, really. Mind you, it's listing heavily towards the adult & fantasy aspect, i.e. probably medievalish.
Art is not a mirror held up to reality, but a hammer with which to shape it.
new york city follower right here RT : HEADING TO NEW YORK!!!!! Any NYC followers?!?!
WORST lip singer ever
S/o to the "WOLFPACK" graduates: David Miller, Adam Lee, and Mike Menard!! So happy for all you guys. You will truley be missed!
425MM of 850MM Facebook users are mobile
Best Day Ever !
: NO NOT YET?? Is one of the baby the biscuits bringing home the big bacon??
Great night? GREAT DAY
YoUDee is representing us again TONIGHT at the 2012 College Mascot National Championship. Good Luck and have fun YoUDee!
I am the of
I just want to dance all time with you .
dont quit when it gets tough..
That one drunk lady.. "are y'all laughing at me?"
I'm going to science and we are having a partyy!!(: hbuu?
Don't pick Jose because he's lazy! Pick me x':
Is it just me or does anyone else think it's funny to sext a guy at work knowing you're making his cock hard?
Getting stronger!!! Went from 3 pull ups to 5 sets of 20!! Next week will be 6 sets
NATIONWIDE BULK REO PACKAGES AVAILABLE WE SPECIALIZE IN SELLING BULK REO PACKAGES AND NON-PERFORMING NOTES.
no one ever made me feel like you did, and now i'm struggling to feel anything at all.
One great movie showing today aside from Mission Impossible is an Indian movie titled Rajanna with English subtitle.
gopher:// is my favorite node on the arpanet.
Philosophy is the single most interesting thing on this planet.
If I could sing like , I'd be set for life.
I want to marry Emma Watson.
Sorry to bother you, but I have sent 3 emails to Saurik asking for my Inififolders license to be transferred, no response. I need hlp
Yeah I remember this was your home. Sonoma pricey? Nah! ;-) I'm intrigued how different the markets are to each other.
My life in 5 seconds
Don't block your straw... SquE-Z!
Operation Malibu Ken needs to happen asap
OMG!!!! JUST MADE IT ONTO THIS THINGYMABOB....AND DNT EVEN KNW WAT TO DO....BUT GOIN TO BED...
Drivin to Indy tom. Listening for conference makeovers.
I went from an F in math to an A in math over night so be proud, now I need bf. :)
Like We Care haha
DOH! RIght, that.
Mayor: if the data shows that people are no longer coming to PSq because of the rates, they will change them
RT Last of the Spring Guides at Get them while you can. Summer edition coming soon.
good morning
suddenly summer <3 love this song :)
I didn't want to get up this morning but that AARON went 2 the NEast Easter Parade and WIles call me. I HATE to walk & talk to voters UGH!
Pres Obama: "In last 22 months, business have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005."
Little kindnesses & courtesies are so important. In relationships, the little things are the big things. -Stephen Covey
We raised over $5000 for the Canyon Rice Hope Scholarship!!!!
we had to do a natural disaster for Science, and i asked if we could do 9/11. Lol...
Testing API... please ignore, thanks.
mcdonald's hot fudge sundae with nuts. Unapologetic about how good it is.
it wouldn't b a prob if he knew thm if thy was actually helpn me n sum kinna way wit hym or actually calln on regular bases
It's light out. WHY
Haircut, bills, and grading papers...yep, my day in a nutshell.
Help us get to 1,000 followers so we can release some actual footage!
Huh ...#that's all I say during the mornings
my "short nap" ended up lasting 2.5 hours! Geesh! Now I feel all groggy and weird.
that bad? What are your main complaints?
I want to give a shout out to my lil Cuzin
Knights of Columbus this hurts to watch
I'd be happy to help teach them. :-)
New South Park!!
sure I'll come. Just to help out a bunny friend.
these kids make me sleepy lmao
I should tell him to get in line ;) no, jk, but seriously I'm a little creeped out *_*
I hope you go to southamerica i know many people there that love you and want to see you!!! i love you!!
love me
I need pop
I already miss you.
Shout out to the fellas who think they are prettier than females, well you know..... it's just weird! lol
Close the week up 190.5 units..now thats how you cap!
I love that feeling when my finger gets slammed in the door leaving for school..
November.. lets kick it off right!
whip it baby, whip it right.. whip it baby, work it all night
Custom shirts? No problem. Cheap and quick we offer results not delays.
you all think I'm not looking but I still am...
Wide awake!
Earth day is this weekend, so at this time we'd like to thank you for shopping with us. You're saving the planet one shirt & skirt at a time
playing with jekyll, octopress, & markdown - and loving every second of it
Cody's teen vogue shoot photos>
Ok I see you iPhone djing at quints
I defended Memphis all year long gave them a vote of confidence heading into the postseason but they can't close games
Your welcome. <3 Oh. I wish I can buy them... Will you go on concert?(:
Thank you so much for the follow!!! :D
she said take the condom off, he said what condom lmao
Cops for Labor marching at Capitol to calls of "Recall Walker."
well i guess that will keep me going through the movie(; haha where do u live?
When crossing the street, pay attention to the signs. You only have so much time. Same way with life. God gives signs. R U paying attention?
glad you got your twitter going.
Kevin Hart is a fool LMFAO!
My Tumblr is a very sad place, I'm too lazy to use it.
We've launched our new website! But it's not finished yet! Check in later for more improvements!
your awesome, I appreciate it! Need/Want me to bring you anything from the Bay, even though you'll be here Monday lol
eight hours in the studio! finally done. songs soon?
just hung insulation in our soon to be rehearsal space... now I can't breath.
Thrilled to see 50 people waiting for to open Sunday, even if they DID look like Night of the Living Dead.
that's awkward cuz the songs called nobody's perfect.....loll liv
Man I'm so confused.
Sunny days in November=
Finally beginning to 'get' the home grown - Shins.
Ever consider your location for an amazing new Poe film?
yeah.. #mademydaytoo GO!
So who wants to win a Free Dell Laptop on October 7th? Still looking for more entries. Respond to us on Facebook or Twitter to enter!!
": I hate auto correct" hell forking yeah
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH!
it isn't even twelve yet. You walking into territory lol
hopefully we will become a part of history....August 4th we begin!
Can you lose weight on your diet and stay sexy at the same time?
I think Travelocity app uses your psstackview, pretty cool library
NEVER start a Twitcam with a strip tease and then LEAVE. Like really? Why would you do that to us?!
Play That Funky Music by Wild Cherry was the #1 song this day in 1976. White boy.
I am the reason instagram shouldn't exist
Lolol wow impressed you remembered that, and glad Dr. T could help out Mr. T like that. I'm GOOD! Just trying to be a grown up!
Looking for ways to #psych yourself up about that latest salary negotiation? Susan Johnston shares some tips at
“: u going up west penn”maybe ima try
SB 15, #coasset, reject on party lines. Disappointing, but big thanks to and all other advocates for hard work.
Jeronne Maymon sighting on Dayton Street.
omg! that face doesnt need any charm. pug mix? just give it anything it wants ;)
Another benefit of running: Studies indicate that running reduces the chances of contracting breast cancer!
Oliver Herring starts today, 5:00pm Windsor (in the ballroom/rotunda). BE THERE #FBfest (via )
JEEZ YOU MUST LIKE THAT PLACE! you've gone there like twice a week for the past month....
: how's the #SilentAuction going? I found it hard not to say "thank you" to the bus driver yesterday. Smiles just don't cut it!
I never cried or said my other niece was beautiful when she was born. I just am attached to this one a lot!!
Hurrendous decision making by #bucks in final minutes
Wish a happy one year anniversary with his lovely wife, my sister, Hannah ;-)
Feb 1st- 2112-a palindrome! Gotta love numbers!
Sunday - Tuesday
Oh boy.... This could get messy.
Following the interesting discussion on the Berkman Center's Digital Public Library of America planning listserv.
Marvels the Avengers... Tomorrow 11 o clock showing... Can't wait!!!!!! ^_^
if i have a gun i would kill a stupid girl who makes me mad
Hard Rock Cafe Orlando is slowly rolling out new chairs in their restaurant. Comfy.
I don't get females who claim they're so "country" but stay getting their acrylics put on every two weeks. Makes zero sense to me.
Attack life, it's going to kill you anyway.
omg, i was just giving thanks for all the work coming my way!
This some bullshit
2 words, pirate creeper
The Beach With My Sisters Was FUN !
I surely hope not. I just had a super burrito and I'm not feeling very nimble.
What's cooler than being cool? ICE COOOLLDDD
In what light will Sun-Times cast itself? - Chicago Tribune
Sometimes it's more of a smudge, staining your life.
who tryna get at me on tha phone wit some freestyles?! Lets see who can hang!! FWM if you think you can!!
yeah I guarantee half the kids won't have it it's fine
oi...shamrocking! just awkward, very awkward.
Harsh. People are idiotic.
iMod English & Spanish and Metro-Math English & Spanish now available on paperback....links coming soon.....
i've loved you your voice and your music for like ever and to see you getting the attention you deserve is amazing <3
Ron Washington's metroPCS commercial >.
Wow! Gorgeous day! Hope everyone's thriving!
Oh yeah, show tonight as in June 5th , in the city of Detroit. No reason you shouldn't be there, let's hang.
followed & thanks!
Drama depresses me.
watching Phineas and Ferb with my lil sister :D First Aid class today :)
Following me? That sounds like a great idea ^-^
at Denver.
bet I'm a hit u if I come thru
Feeling a lot better :)
Lol I love my mom :)
Well you are welcome anytime :D
my mom just called me a lazy asshole. hahahahahaha that's so true.
Wow. Dallas seems to be coming unglued and it's only the 1st qtr. Keep it up Thunder.
We Always Try To Feel Grown Up But Never Really Stopped At Being Kids
Happy Thanksgiving to all... don't forget we gather next Friday, 12/4 at on Adams/Dearborn at 8am!
. 21 days till boyfriend . Can't wait
The DJ just played "Mercedes Boy," flowed by "Let the Music Play." What am I supposed to so here?
RT Eric Cartman is the funniest kid on the planet.
i hate watching my mom cry. worst feeling ever </3
Sorry public, but we are closed for a private party tonight. We'll see most of you tomorrow.
It's not that I don't care about faith, it's that I don't have enough faith to care.
Ya actually! haha
Why does my mum always think I died when I don't answer my phone...smh
Fuck a friend
“Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.”
#ShowingLoveTo <<< make sure to follow!
God of Carnage by Yasmina Reza opens 8/18 Cell! Tickets online fusionabq.org. Through Sept 4th. Don't miss out!
Happy, happy Friday everyone! Do you have something fun planned for the weekend?
Thanks for the follow - nice to connect with you!
Off to play ice hockey, the early game tonight.
Goodnight twitter :)
I forgot how much I love a good pencil eraser
I can tell yall about a yung nigga changing his life and becoming a Blaze The Stage winner for (BET) I came from nothing but a dream.
One Nola man said before falcons game " I love watching Gone With The Wind over and over again just to watch Atlanta burn"
hot pitch: Parent trap 2- the twins have been separated for 10 years. This time they meet up again- in jail- they are cell mates.
Henrie of Mesquite on next year: We will pick up $$ next year, will restore items where we can.
In #Georgetown one voter told me she "certainly" wouldn't vote for VO. Torn b/t Shapiro & Biddle, she went for Shapiro
Anyways my moms gonna let me drive with her. So ima be a reckless bitch now lolbye
I especially like this point: "#Empower your employees to be ambassadors via #socialmedia" via
Bored , tired & weak ! But I Needa Work Out -__-
"Good Vibration" - Marky Mark. Good corny tune
We'll be showing Real Madrid vs AC Milan game. Ibra, Ronaldo, Ronaldinho, Mou... Excitement for sure! game starts at 11:45 am
Good night world. Busy day tomorrow.
(also I was a Lecturer at the Univ. of Edinburgh when I received the fellowship--not sure if that's what you were asking)
When is your app coming out???!
just like THE MARKETS, my churro lady paper is taking on a life of its own...
Cool black hair products from Organic Root. They were given to us at Layon Gray's Black Angels Over Tuskegee's Gala.
Hop off bro
whew you had me worried
Officially moving to Helsinki, Finland if our summer is anything like Dubai! (clue: oppressively hot!)
#ideas2action fenty: talks about the future of Georgetown - what will it do with online education?
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything
my girl Jayna wanted me to tell you she's glad your still doing your thing ;)
Today is a day of new beginnings. You can't change the past, but you can always create a brand new future.
thanks for following!:) enjoy life!:)
Yea. We will have to iron out the details. Like where to 2 meet & such. Can't wait : )
I'm actually not tired though 😏
RIP Miley<3 she got into a car accident and died instantly. Please pray for her family
Seeing the humane ratings on meat at makes me wonder what kind of ratings humans would get in
Snow in my boot...shoot.
I no after tonight God is definitely listening to mine and the rest of reverbs prayers. He was with Shelby the entire time and kept her ...
This has definitely been the best year of my life <3 :)
I love you and your singing...you should be on American Idol :)
I just saw this.. I was in the mountains in Arizona..! So unexpected..
How do people get these twitaward things? Or u just get tweet.. see a lot of random people voted for
My dads over heree at my house right now.. #Awkward !
technology has evolved. We used to imagine what can a computer do. We now just tell them to do it. Soon they'll imagine what they can do.
White people watch movies with their eyes, while black people watch movies with their eyes.
I miss you too...You need to just leave spain right now!
nowhere to be found!
Via Mobile
Tweeting something bc looks bored
I wanna do a collab with a rapper for a cover of "Don't Run Away" by Tyler James Williams ft. IM5!
...no Melo. RT : Carmelo: "I feel confident in our team and where we're headed. I consider our team to be top-3 in the East."
Let me find out hoes fucking for hamburgers
Can you stand to see her dancing in somebody else's arms? Do you think you'd go crazy every time you see her car.
I'd say yeah but I ain't got enough right now , & what you mean . Gotta be like that for ugly ?
that's much more accurate, G.
enjoy the movie baby
We look forward to it :) We have happy hour at 4 & the final special performance by du Soleil starts at 4:45
RT I don't believe anything, but I have many suspicions. [Robert Anton Wilson]
How were the bells?
it's going to be a rough one.
It's a third cup of coffee kind of day.
this is crazy what up dro
lol! That's a good question man, I have no idea
My short-term goal is to get into McDonough School of Business this Fall. My long-term goal is to make the world a better place. HOYA SAXA !
It's disgusting and offensive she would say a decorated veteran has no courage.
Francisco saves it, Santana's first win of the season!
Hope the #LTDArmy had a great weekend!
me n my friends asked some random dudes in the park if we could geta picture with them and they said sure! hahahah
I'm drunk... On cold mess! Go away you phelgmy mess!!!
I've been to four: 1990 (!), 2005, 2006, and 2012. Always had a fantastic time. Every North Am DW fan should go at least once.
You can say that again! This burger is more than a mouthful!! We've got some pro's at the "burn center" ;)
mom enough
RT : Shout out he is a awesome producer
its like being in a hotel with dial up.......20th century.......
goto bed u was supposed to b sleep a long time ago n u ain't text me back
Are you still the town drunk?
Finally a good commercial! Way to go VW!
Christmas in Nashville, on the way to Atlanta.
You're a wonderful host Alyse!
where u at
I love it;) and glad your all smiles that a good thing for sure love!!!! I'm so sleepy ttyl..have a god night<3
Hey sara,how are you 2day..u goin to be in the studio 2 day?
Man this chick just got up & her booty was crooked...i swear everybody tilted their head haha
Finished looking over a friend's short story. It was offensive, stereotypical, trite, and badly-written. How can I make my critique polite?
I miss that awesome place
Thanks for the retweet!
John Cena will constantly change color camouflage shorts on, something different would salute U.S. troops.
Sun! in the morning! for real!
If you think any of your followers might have travel or volunteering questions, RT and let them now we're here to answer for the next hour!
I like how at the beginning of the season Estrada argued he should be a starter, really making a case for himself
Sadly, the laughs for "Parks and Recreation" don't come until season 2.
R.i.P tupac
i'm great thanks :] hehe
i just need you to just admit that you are not the one for me !
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job. ~ Laurence J. Peter
If you don't know much about history, biology, science books or the French you took, you should probably study up before saying you love me.
Education on the ALARA principle falls into four main categories: time, distance, shielding, and collimation (or containment).
Great win today #Mavs now bring on Miami
Individuals who hold these ranks usually focus on military and police instruction
RT“: I bet I know one way to reduce bullying. Don't let bullies decide when other people can marry or serve their country.”
I have been laying in this bed for 2 hrs and not a wink of sleep. I have to be at work at 5am I'm about to look so stupid
let me know what you think! Turns out that rhe original head producer is behind this.
i just went back and watched the end of the season presser talkin about sj13 #toofunny "naw guys hes not a criminal"
Nobody tweets anything funny on Friday, they're too happy. See y'all on Monday.
Son, Phillip, keyboardist with the Mansfield band, rocked the house in Boise, Idaho! Over 700 people. His first gig and had a GREAT time!
Cheryl Miller? Oh nah bruh gimme Lisa Salters
Former king?
Just saw this white guy with Dreads who was HOT!! #Random I know where you work!! :P
ah! Awesome!
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always makes me feel better and makes me laugh :)
In the mood to play a tournament tonight? Come play tonight's 7 pm tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 8:40 pm.
I'm hearing that Ashton Kutcher will play a young Jobs at the least. Haven't heard about Wyle, but you're right!
It was only a kiss......Now I'm falling asleep....I just can't look It's killing me...
well go to the doctor dude? D; Oh, ive wanting to tell you that your hair looks too damn cute!
Our #PersonalChef is leaving.. i feel the *weight dropping off* as we speak -_- hurry back.. im #Hungry already!!! lol
Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep. - Fran Lebowitz
Thank you to everyone who made opening night a success!! If you missed out there are still plenty of more performances of God of Carnage!
knows how to write a pretty amusing grocery list
Deciding between the live show and the Bulls game tonight is causing major angst in the Agate office
Thanks for the follow. I like your blog. I have a similar sit. with an athletic back gr. Good material for future writing.
Thanks for making my RT a
Amazon has been urging me to install Quell on my Kindle. Today, I succumbed. I am doomed.
I hope the squirrel runs into the basement because I will kill that mo fo
Tonight was a blast with and band! :) Great interviews went down! I even enjoyed seeing ! :)
Today is Labor Day in Mexico. To all Mexicans working here in the U.S. today: ¡Feliz día del trabajo!
i use the echofon app on my phone. I just haven't used the web site in a long time
ginger orange tofu?
Home Sweet Home! There's No Place Like Home...and THERE'S NO PLACE LIKE DALLAS!!!!
Android >>>>>> Apple
if 5 people RT that tweet we will :)
#dailyfeedback Send us your favorite songs from this year's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
#nw Laugh At My Pain
are you mad that there are a lot of posers acting to be u and getting your credit?
Why did the Seahawks pass up Melvin Ingram?
I wanna shine so bright with the love of Christ, that even the DARKEST of souls wants in on it...
Both RSA and ElGamal encryption have known attacks that are much faster than the brute-force approach
You are the best! Thanks so much for the RT! How are you?
If he was my brother I would def fuck him anyway
“I was homeless, but I wasn’t hopeless. I knew a better day was coming.” Chris Gardner
does one do these things?
I can barely fit into my business clothes now.. this is not good.
#Kansas University Coach Bill Self now at Green Valley School in Las Vegas watching future Jayhawk Brannen Green
I am always happy with #Epson, if you end up buying one.
You're now sitting down a few rows back yes?
First day at the new job.
I'm in twitter and I want to share this tweet specifically to Linkedin without opening the hoots.
Thanks for the follow!
Watching teen mom,damn they have a lot of problems
"Not all those who wander are lost." J.R Tolkien -C
Cotto shutting down
you like that song? youre amazing.
Right. All the way from his shoulder to his junk. I don't believe that for a second.
Mby someday..(: I hope that you'll meet him! <333 ;*
Check out our latest blog! Our radio show airs tonight at 10pm, come down to the event at the All Asia in Cambridge 2nite from 7p-12a
Looking forward to talking about credit card debt on the at 7 tonight
What i need is a new desk.
Shoutout to :D RT : can I have a shout out please? I need followers.
RT if your single
RT : Prez Clinton "If we had as much oil as we have wind & solar in the middle of this country wouldn't we do everything to...
nope, just thought that it was a very interesting statistic.
Leaders if the same people you help,try to hurt you don't go crazy over it. Its what happened 2 Jesus. People will reap what they sow. Pray
touché coop. But this is like real people on TLC
Free Agent tonightt! Sorry !
I really like that how she sets it up. Warm up, 3 min strength, 2 cardio, 1 and. She has 3 different sets And then cool down
bout to head out on the town wit , Brianna, Danielle, & for some great times! I love it!
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough. ~
she is my favorite disney princess (= ariel is
Good year for you, sad year for me. But I'm here and doing well.
Thanks for the support!
Had to run 18 laps (3 miles) and a few gassers(spell check). I feel bad for the people that had cardio too. did you have fun?
Started writing! Two songs somewhat done but so many more are on the way.
Shooting additional scenes for action film Wild Horses later today! Then we go into post! We'll be ready for Sundance deadline Sept 2.
I am a bit lost, but I am entertained
okay, well im here if you need me
You did that on purpose..!!
All i know is it's October 5th. if i had to guess a year it would be 1988 or 89. Chris' is March 15th 1991.
Jeff Goldblum would totally play Marc Smith in a movie where open data saves the world from an ancient, alien threat.
I hate it when my mom tells me I look just like my sister D:
The more you date, the more restrictive criteria you have. -RP
Happy Birthday Wishing you an amazing birthday my sweet cousin. Love you lots.
he got booed everytime he touched the ball in chicago. which was alot
Glad to hear that, Paul. When my girlfriend ran off with Reverend Longwood, Iturned to Drink, Janice Drink to be exact.
Ugh my tatt needs a touch up.
HEY if I said I like your face will you ship me and phil
Figuring machine intelligence as human and then fearing its dominance echoes racialized colonial encounters.
Met with the author of our newest manuscript & everything is coming together! We are very excited about our pain and stress management book.
Much like The Hangover and SuperBad, the way people are building up The Avengers, I'm afraid to go see it. Expectations are too high.
Come on Brewers win this game so I can go to bed.
Literally working all week, I'm gonna die, until I get paid!
A-Town Veteran by the #author #ColeHart is taking in some great reviews on #Amazon. Check it out today and leave your review.
What a pass by rondo
None of us saw W winning and he wound up President anyway. A lot of people sat that 1 out. Close elections are easy to steal.
you can do it!
I feel like that's all I get!
Btw, "You're A Star" has been my ringer/alarm for the longest! Never gets old to me! (^_^)
ok it's on ! May the odds forever be in your favor!
Why do 5 am bars exist...?
a belated thx for #EDU11 hotel info. Can't believe how quickly they filled up. I'm set and looking forward to the conference!
THIS TWEET! 'Well until you find "the one" just remember your Jetsetters are your 4 letter words for life'.☺💗
Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words
You'll look great either way, Red, but I'd say curly
Even closest of friends can be transformed into the worst of enemies
just got a job at a nursery in reigate :) how are you all? I bet Jayden has got massive!! X
Looking forward to reading your Presidential Rhetoric essay as you combines 3 disciplinary approaches.
Staying on the Positive side!:)
Everybody is traveling today!! I want to go somewhere!!
I know I hit you back lol
Only in Southport does a dude come in with a revolver on his belt
Wish we could have made it to #RECON. Let us know what you learned, we would love to hear from you.
maybe instead of "follow friday" we all should have show your tattoo day? Lol
Best Makeup. The Iron Lady. But can't anyone look like Maggie Thatcher? Isn't Valdemort more of a stretch?
hey.. Sent you and email. Bounced back though.
I wonder can I dl Soulja Boy instrumental mixtape
Shut it! LOL
on another note, is there a plan forming for M&W skiing? sign me up!
When I swerve for like 2 seconds people must think I'm drunk 😝
never heard of that one, I will have to look into that one also ;)
Anybody know the best spot to watch the airplanes come into Mitchell Int'l? I'm trying to film something for a documentary project.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.s
"Health of body and mind is a great blessing, if we can bear it." John Henry Cardinal Newman
A possible conclusion – The real influencers on Twitter don't have audiences yet that match their value
Connecticut Governor Malloy made state 5th in 5 years to abolish death penalty We photographed 3 men on death row in 1990s One was executed
Haha Thank you Ben! :D
ohh my god my teeth hurt so bad its making my jaw hurt. fuck wisdom teeth
Thanks ! How's business in Houston?
150 miles to go!
I figured you were like me and already had them. ;) don't forget it is someones B-day
dope man! which track you using?
-got a new tongue ring :))
I had the same dream last week.
the BB is a bass preamp
Today is the first day of school for many school districts. News stations will be looking for interesting ways to cover this event.
Thanks for the follow Inn of Sedona Hotel (innofsedona)! :)
OFF TO SCHOOL THANK GOODNESS ITS FRIDAY
Attiki Bar & Grill on Decatur. Open for lunch and #Vegan friendly
#NexgenXT now with domain administration allows security administrators to delegate key control to sub administrators at different divisions
I was just reading in the paper about Courtney Love freaking out and running for the exits there.
Green tip #4: Green your office: print double-sided, turn off monitors and computers when possible, start an office recycling program.
Thank you captain! Toews scores - game 6 back home Monday night
What really bugs me is that one eye is ever so slightly higher on his face than the other.
Welcome :) I will check it out! Can you please follow us back =)
were the martinis #gluetinfree ?
Let's go X!
The sensation of falling can be an exciting and scary thing. Picking yourself up after is truly the best though
If comes to visit in June doe..
That camera shutter sound after every pitch picked up on TV broadcast is extremely annoying. Any way to stop it?
And the marauders respond with a powerplay goal for themselves. Rocky Coviello ties the game up at 1 a piece!
Jay Lano Is Working On A New Track With Mr. Young Sophisticated Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track...Coming Soon!!!
So excited for you guys! I'm sure you're going to have a great time! Make sure you ride the NY, NY rollercoaster!
let me sum it up for you. UK fans =80% of the state. UL fans 15%, transplants rooting for UL 5%. The city of Lou is 55% BLUE.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 55
hey I'm I huge fan of yours. I love what you've done with RoadID. It would mean so much if I could get a follow back.
I will be collecting today ! Them Giants jus got me some quick come up money
lmbo blackie...What's been going on
I love how all these people complain about officiating. Keep making cheap excuses bc your team is losing.
Ok nevermind. Boo. RT : ignore that tweet.
the availability of good toys are essential for that natural process of discovery to thrive– and this results in healthy, happy children!
What Atlanta concerts and which free arts events are you looking forward to this summer?
Imma thoroughly enjoy this day off
Our fonts are actually in the form of PNG images - ideal for powerful graphics for advertising campaigns, events, websites, and more.
not this year. Going big or going home ;) I'll let u free roll 1% though for the interest haha
RT : Big thanks to for his comments today. He is truly "My President!"
Aye, Captain! There be email here!
Rawlings: public view of higher education's purpose is utilitarian, focused only on getting jobs
Got it! We'll suggest that date to our friends, you'd like them they have a daughter D's age.
same breath of players like Jordan, Kobe and other players of that stature that people try to put him in
I have now had enough coffee to create my Excel formulas to figure grades. Holy shit! I'm in a tunnel...and I see a light!
I was hoping you'd say that
If I give you my bracelet that I played with every game than you #YouMeanSomething <3
Wait, it doesn't? RT : WHAT IF EVERYTHING HAD A GENDER....
sorry but I would say he's only been effective in spurts. College far different deal than NFL
Join USTA Colorado for a Juneteenth celebration at the Blair Caldwell Library. Check out the new KidsZone tennis experience, 10am-6pm.
Walking into HEB & man rolls down his window, "You are beautiful. I love you." Def. more endearing than "hey! blue shirt! what? can't talk?"
VOICEMAIL RT And what happen ? RT : I TRIED HITTIN YOU UP BRUH
See Pedro Almodóvar's film"The Skin I Live In"- I saw it last night w Elena Anaya and Antonio Banderas, GREAT movie!
Migrated #WordPress blog to own servers over weekend. Strangely getting 10x more traffic than usual at our .com site. Any ideas what's up?
Check out my new blog..."Work at Home...or not?!" Some people get it and some don'! www.thehome-office.com Helene I CAN DO THIS IN 2011!
''Ari-amazing'' great word by ♥ :)
the may concert includes Los Rakas and more, so I think it's still worth it. Then we can be all cool comparing/critiquing shows.
2010 is a year of immense opportunity! Bring on the positive vibes! :-)
well I love it.
Are we talking about social media or sadomasochism or slave/master stuff? And, no. I'm not an expert, or a novice. ;)
IK!(: #teamdelena there amazing!(: Cutest couple EVER!(;
oh god. Are you with my wife and ??
Security: "Are you media?" Me (with all my gear): "What do you think?" Security "I don't think"
Feels good to have my face on flyers in magazines my name on tickets & be on tv I've made a name myself
At 92, is any surgery really minor?
Rocking the CT for less than 6 Hours and already on a adventure
RT : Going to #RSAC? Come see Pindrop Security at the Innovation Sandbox on Monday. Top 10 Most Innovative company at RSA
In all this years #oscars was pretty good. #vanityfairparty starts now.
Working on a flow chart for my Operations Management class. I love Visio! It's my favorite new tool.
C'mon Flyers, play smart here.
Spent a good five minutes picking my nose this morning so HAHA fuck you Mom! I'm sad
interesting.. Just wondering. My cousins in Madison say drinking fountain so I was just curious.
Don't stop get it get it
before and she told me to get a hotel room down the street lmao
"Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress." - Alfred A. Montapert
The question that sometimes makes me hazy is am I or the others crazy - Albert Einstein
fair enough :)
glad I could hep, was very frustrating to see my Mac crashing at least once a day
Alicia Keys joining Jay-Z on stage!! RT : We'd love to hear - what was your favorite moment from tonight?
Any journalist who can read the comment section under their story is a braver soul than YoungAde.Racism is a bitch,I tell ya.Esp. on the WWW
I just had to explain to a friend that travolta isn't a gay icon who made his big debut in the film "Hair."
You know you're getting old when four people on your Facebook list get engaged in a matter of two weeks. Holy crap.
Q;Wen u get bak my way can i smash ? A; Yea Yourr All Mine.
Thanks! Can't wait to see what cover art images the Colby folks will come up with. #vocoder #googletranslate #sonic fun
Hope not! MT Perhaps overshadowed, hope watching BofS hearing re:fate of CPGs
Really? I had NO CLUE what it was. I miss the days when Google was just a search engine lol!
the coupon code is PreLent. If you enter it into the box for it after adding your info, it will show the discount on all.
I am now hungry!
Come on...this is Dallas Texas!! Snow if you dare but I won't care because I'll be at Skintastic Medical looking HOT for Valentines Day..
QoTD: "The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender." (Pat Summitt)
First bike to work of year.
im following. sorry about the late response (:
Are you actually on Kik messenger or is this person a fake like I suspect?
It's Thirsty Thursday! I think I need a long island
i do big things
according to my horoscope today to ignore anything work related and enjoy time with friends and family
Fake ass bitches these days...
What's your favorite cocktail w/ us? RT My beloved bitters have their own Twitter handle! Sweet! I mean.bitter!
Starting the day with a workout at Aria fitness center. Healthy body and healthy mind is success.
#SlightlyStoopid playing in the background of
Contrary to popular belief, taking your shirt off does not improve your shooting form on the basketball court.
yes after the game
Night;* tests tomorrow, blah -____- :p
Its Brendon's turn to drive now .... I'm so tired :/
I seem to have brought my Honda Element home, they're everywhere!
The support aint the same !
Tuesday get 2wings for .99 all day!
Agree completely. This is frustrating...
check out them cowboys! Heeehaaw!
Under the boardwalk!!!
Lolol wondered why there's a mass amount of hillbillies outside of Newport
Drafting McAdoo RT I'm pretty sure that was greatest moment in Clippers history. Almost by default, but still
Are you hiring eLearning vendors to develop training? Don't forget to ask for source files! You'll need them to make future edits.
what the hell is a day star?
Sorry to hear that. Stay strong.
I almost forgot about this Twitter thing. Ok. I'll give it another shot.
Dont give a fuck about the media, they always on me
"If I lay here.If I just lay here..Would you lay with me and just forget the world? forget what we're told, Before we get too old."
u said you were fasting on JUICE just a lil humor
Hey Buddy I know UR prob 4 the 49ers But I can't help think Eli wants to put a manning in Lucus stadium Its a Fam thing
Miami taking this L tonight? most definitely.
please follow me)x
If things seem under control, you’re just not going fast enough
Day 2 of Network Archaeology conference: Liam Young on the archaeology of lists! Very cool paper.
love pandas
isn't he amazing!? and yea I do too!! <3
RT : Don't be a wimp - acupuncture doesn't hurt when it's done right. It treats migraines, fertility, stress, injuries,......
True colors definetly come out in the end.
Happy Birthday. Dance the night away.
finally listened to album from front to back.
I'm thankful that all these "Super Moon" headlines have nothing to do with a pantsless Rich Garces.
They are just jealous of our youthfulness!
paint them purple.
I will find you!!!!
Matthew quirk to sign copies of THE 500 at booth 1311!!
my Sandless sandbags will absorb and contain in excess of 4 gallons of water per bag. Use for water leaks in high rise buildings
tweet more
I hope so. Will say hi if I recognize you. (I don't wear those sunglasses indoors much.)
#FF to our amazing celebrity stylists!!
cool dude doing loser things
Sorry, that monumentally blows. Move to VA. At least it's not PEPCO...
The last thing Satan wants is peace & unity in the world, so of course he's going to attack anyone advocating it. Guard your heart. Eph 6:12
The weather is amazing!! <3
Nolan Smith told me he's still experiencing symptoms from ear infection (headaches) but will be in uniform and available tonight vs. Minn.
RT : Spring Football Game NOW scheduled for this Saturday March 17th @ 1PM on the turf field! Alumni game at noon.
You mean besides the awesome #sacpubcrawl?! “: Whats happening in #Sacramento on St. Patrick's Day? Havent seen much info!
We accelerate #entrepreneurs solving the world's energy problems. Who’s your favorite entrepreneur that's made an impact?
who wouldn't be, I'm just ecstatic!
Four games on tonight: ORL/IND & PHI/CHI on NBATV while BOS/ATL and LAL/DEN get the star treatment on TNT
Have been MIA for the past couple days...there is nothing like a moving across the country to-do-list...
Serene Branson you are epically fucked. Or as you would say your birtation is heavy.
heyheyhey!! Calm that down alright??
Girl walkin' barefoot DT #Seattle! Freezing!
Lemon lovers <3 RT a big thank you to 's fabulous blog for keeping me occupied during classes!
Woo gotta love claires! Got a new wallet and cody bracelets today! I buy myself good presents :)
Can't wait!! Message sent!
"Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around." ~ Henry David Thoreau
My very first mp3 album I bought of course had to be . I hardly even watch cats on youtube anymore - he's all that and a pretzel
Last warm weather special of the year!!! 18lb bag of Kingsford Charcoal FREE with a $40.00 purchase. #BuyLocal Good through the weekend.
I did. 3 hours ago :( hope I can squeeze in a nap today. I hate to see what my eyes look like right now.
shanny is welcome to join tomorrow of course
hey Zayn!! Finally, a tweet ;)
Thanksgiving done.....Now onto the Christmas Season !
The Manhattan cocktail (whiskey and sweet vermouth) was invented by Winston Churchill's mother
Finding Art Education friends in Texas...and getting ready for #concept art and #photoshop workshops next week!
RT I'm telling you, this whole gay marriage thing started with the Olympics and synchronized Same-Sex Diving!
I agree that it dragged but it left me thinking afterwards (except for the contrived epilogue)
But I heard its a new trend
Dang, is gonna be in the 4th round before the night ends...geez
Big Time Shout Out to my Bestie Love ya girl
This is parental abuse
I stayed at my sisters house last night so I got out of the lope of things. That doesn't help.
We are very excited it is almost the weekend. Any fun weekend plans?
If you're out in public and fart, look at the ground like it mad that sound! (I don't care if you're on a concrete sidewalk)
My Body is My Temple and you all know how i feel about Religion.
so I read your going faceless
Report a pothole to Philadelphia via Twitter and see what can happen.
#YoMommaSoFat She has her own gravitational pull.... :-v
ask for money (x
Character is not made in a crisis it is only exhibited. -Robert Freeman
#nehvectors Scalar's feature of annotating time-based media will make it possible to annotate animated maps.
Godspeed astros! Safe travels, much discovery, and happy birthday !
IM GONNA KILL YOU HOW UR GONNA MAKE ME MEMORIZE IT THEN SAY WE'RE NOT DOING IT shame
I know I fuck up.. and for that I'm not sorry but.. apllying it to be better..
Chicago Cubs won 6-1 the Sox 4-1 Fire beat Toronto FC 3-2 LETS GO BULLS AND BLACKHAWKS and have a proper win sweep of Chicago's pro teams
Q: is it ok to eat cheap corn chips? A: sticks with French fries...dipped in
“: Checked in @ Comerica Park for the #tigers vs #royals game” Let me know if you like the Cabrera banner!
#hth2012 Great discussion on use of Flickr for archives. Need to think about issue beyond numbers - if you're not paying, you're the product
Love my warmups so much that i'm rocking them today :) traffic cone yellow :D
she is a stupid whore
is perfect in every way!! He's tall, gorgeous, a ginger, amazing voice, inspirational song writer, funny, & he lives in FL :)
AP Psych? Awesome. Here's hoping we help you stickK to your study plan.
I got my VHS player to work. Star Wars marathon begins after dinner.
Do you have any raisins? No? How about a date?
Can't sleep, way too psyched about #ro12 and
could the matter falling into black holes be being converted into dark energy? Thereby not violating the law of conservation?
Thanks from #WritingEditing for the listing /adventurers-of-life !
Cordy Glenn starts at left tackle day one. If they reached for Gilmore, Glenn was gift wrapped. We see in 3 years.
my sister and I will see you in Seattle. We'll be the 2 Canucks in shirts that say We crossed the border for Nick Waterhouse
It's just sad to hear junior seaus mother talk. My heart goes out to her as I listen to her talk
Almost 4:30 and still awake.
Finally read Hitchens' last piece in the Jan issue. Very telling of his pains, and extraordinarily run-of-the-mill Christopher.
2 days , until my birthday !
Laboring on Labor Day.
It's been said if the Iroquois Nation had 50 more years before European settlers arrived, North America would be much different. Deluge
If you're in West LA... RT : Heading to Kings Head later for the Manchester Derby with Feel free to join!
I love when catches my "that's what she said" moments 💜
After a Tony Duquette week I could use a Mies van der Rohe weekend
Today's food bank win: 23.5 oz agave syrup & 12-year Celtic Cheddar
I'm losing weight everywhere but, My damn stomach ... And I do crunches everyday! WTF is going on??? *Rarely Drink Beer*
Lloyd should be a NASCAR driver. he turned left well.
RT : You had me at Zero #fedvalentines //sad but true that we can all understand what this even means
Vote in the final round for UGbC President and Vice-President AND for the Senators who represent your class in UGBC Senate!!!!
The early bird catches her flight on time.
I have no idea!! So I'm not gonna be a part of it. They just need to leave alone and let him do what he wants
ok! just working on some homework now, i'll be on at 6 =)
This is good to hear! RT : OTA Jobs Survey: US #organic industry created #jobs at 21% higher than conventional industry.
As we rise, we rise together as one! Lets all take a stand against bullying & make a difference in this world!
let me know if you need a mix for that new record!
I'll be dancing tonight with !!!
Nike, we are excited to partner with you!
I am so sick of people tweeting the "lyrics" to that stupid Ass song. Seeing ASS ASS ASS all over my TL is so old and annoying now.
I wished for a cute guy to call me. My brother called. I need to be more specific next time...
yum...i think i'm addicted to egg rolls.
me too im on a superman diet
Im going for the Giants! What team are you going for ?!
Rachel Bilson Flawless in a wedding dress #HartOfDixie LOVE THAT WOMAN
Ok I gotta get a few hours of sleep at least.
#POTUS RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS FOR LAST 4 YEARS
So freaking hot.. And no one stayed after school today
Searching for PLANT MNGR from CPG (food, pharm, non-food) in multi-location Fortune 500 CO #hiring #plantmanager send resume
Takin my favorite godson to the zoo today :) so excited for him!!!
Good morning Miami...how have the last 2 days of FCAT been?
~ Good morning! Cotton candy and bubble gum!!
RT : LA Times reporting Dodgers buyers had preliminary talks w/ NFL about possible NFL stadium in Chavez Ravine before buying.
Well done to #wokingfc today. 3.0 win and six points clear at top of table. Great firework display tonight as well!
I spent 20 minutes wandering through campus surplus . . . and I now know where filing cabinets go to die.
I would do anything to have an unlimited supply of caramel brûlée lattes today
Lakers are done, Celtics will beat 6ers, heat sweep Indiana, then the heat beat the celtics and we beat Okc in the finals.
TY for the RT. Have a great week.
It's time for 's annual Mother's Day photoshoot: 11am - 1pm, Wilson Commons TODAY. Come tell your mom you ♥ her!
But we can have Drums and cowbells? :o)
Website.Previews.Promotion video coming soon
In the case of a tie, the man wins, and the lady is thrown in jail
haters just need to back the fuck off and leave you and your personal life alone.
San Diego, California Weather :: 63F PARTLY CLOUDY: 63F PARTLY CLOUDY
of course
I already hv 5 k and 100 pending request
on the other, libraries are differentiating themselves from each other. We need to come together on a cohesive brand.
I'm going to curl my hair and grown my noes to become a jew
chains and whips excite me loll
Flying visit to Bristol. Lovely countryside on the trip up but a very misty start.
Headed out to the game today.
Great news! I was bummed to see Chicago filled. Will have to sign up!
How to prepare a vitamin C serumSkinCaredocom - vitamins serum
Red Room: Broad Ripple => DJ Papa Paulie Dance music. Doors open at 6 p.m. Food served until 10 p.m. - 3 a.m.
So glad to be going to bed
Congratulations to you Edward on your nomination!
Ha...He must not know what a samosa looks like!
Invention is the mother of necessity, not only due to attendant and emergent technologies, but also made possible by manufactured necessity.
Search for Rosehaven Production on FB and become a fan. Behind the Scene Pics from my upcoming movie, 'Fair Play' online now!
have fun in Missouri ! xoxo (:
what if I give you a dime?
Seagull Orchestra.
Lets hope Big Show chockslammes Big Johnny off the ledge just like he did to KUrt Angle back in 2004. #raw <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Bout to throw down on this Sharks Cat Fish dinner!!!! Mmmmhmmmm thanks Dawn!!!
gotta go to DC to meet with client. Please traffic be nice to me!
i swear people be havin the dumbest tattoos like why would you put a hot sauce bottle on yur neck
Only the fearless, will do great.
Hey I suggest you read the original tweet.
thank you! it has the initials of both my girls ;)
please dont be freaked out by seattle right now :/
I wish it worked that way, but it never does. At our house Mommy & Daddy trade off kid duty and resting.
It's in your hands. If you want to be with me, I'm right here.
Twitter is changing the way the world communicates.
Excited for the announcement of the first Awesome Tampa Bay grant recipient tonight at The Roosevelt!
hahahaha Obama's taking this country off a cliff and you're too blind to see it. Good job!
s/0 to all the sexy women that wear glasses
Already got the 3 RTs!!! But if you still want to RT and vote for Tony, please do! Out of the goodness of your heart? =) =)
Y U NO FOLLOW/REPLY/DM ME? Lol my question (;
Holy Shit Michigan made a field goal!
Mosquitos refuse to bite me out of respect
Thanks to our customers and our followers for being awesome! Wishing everyone a tremendous #Thanksgiving, safe travels, and tasty turkey!!!
My phone is fucked man. Lol
I posted a pic of Alex Gordon for you. You are welcome to use it.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it Buddha
Windburn is not fun.
i thought you were afraid of animals?
in your 1000th Follower, think that means drinks on you or something???
do the need confidence or comfort/security
How can u NOT love the Astros throwback uniforms. They scream baseball!!
Wish I could, but gonna be on the freelancer hampster wheel this weekend ;)
Eve tho I'm like pissed off...its gone be a chill day
I want to meet people who don't care about your past. People who don't care about who you were in the past but care about who you are now.
me to
RT : #FF - awesome people who make a diffrnce & care for
What to wear to Class Day. I'm giving out prizes for GWS and - randomly - a future teacher's award. I need a big Spanish fan or something.
excited to be coming home for 3 weeks, but really sad to be gone from you for 3 weeks!
i'm tired ! Lol I meant like not now ):
#newspaces4learning I'm here!
Naw, his name was Patrice Oneal (the one who died) I dont know what 40 percent's name is. He's funny though.
Hi sarah lol
Canadian David Boily will take KOM today@ Amgen Tour of California, sharing #Weightofanation with Maglia Rosa wearer
California ranked last in Chief Executive Magazines list of states best for business~ Does it surprise anyone that the state is broke?
First game on new Bodog and without thinking I start singing the Cheers theme song: "You wanna be where everybody knows your name...."
Your new life may cost you your old one.
Landed at Dulles. What a packed 10 days!!! Kids fought well, I fought flies, camels, snorkeling in the red sea, erc. Thanks Lord for grace!
I just bought a used book on Amazon Prime for $3. That is half the price of the Sunday NYTimes where I live. Crazy.
aw man good thing I didnt ask the guy to take a pic!
World Cup Update: Just under the 65 minute mark in both games and USA vs Algeria is tied 0-0 and England is leading Slovenia 1-0
Hey Steve, congrats on your journey. :-) Did you find me via Team Beachbody? Are you a coach too?
The remote when you're on the couch and it's by the tv? :-(
Oh, great. Now is giving an acceptance speech in the living room ... !
dude, you have no idea...I'm good for at least a year.
ewwww. I #hated econ. hated it so much!! and what?! thats crazy.. for the #same class?!
Birthday tomorrow = some form of cake and day off from work! Age...somewhere after 25 and before 35; old soul and young at heart.
i got it alone.. :/ but o well, i really wanted tht class. and i hope i dont get her then.lol
thanks doll!!
I wonder if he's as good as Adam in Florida's New Hot Sexy Thriller Novel "PYTHON" by Carina Nolan Amazon
My design Pic, is of and :{D I love team!
no. You're gonna beg me to let you.
#FF Thanks to all who shared their story on twitter last wk:
Just bought tickets for me & to see in concert at in October. Our seats are amazing! Woo Hoo
good job!
yeah babes we need to do something hehe x
dafaq are u I dnt know u ! I dnt give a fuck were u work at !
Just saw a car accident...that was effing scary
. congrats! Great app and concept :)
Its to early...my boys wide wake:-(
well not sure if it's a straight set win yet. tennis steps second nature, cha cha wrong footed many times, but had fun!
All I've had so far is cheese fries.
Tired Spend The Whole Day With My Mother . . .
I haven't decided yet. I took it 2 yrs. ago but not last year.
Can my cousin join 0_o
Are you playing tonight? How many runners so far?
Hahaha good solution.
Sean Murray scores again, lead 24-16, 1:35 left. It was all #Spinners after the first five points of the game.
- I'm also outraged! We call ourselves the #TVDFamily, but it is more dysfunctional than I ever thought.
my future is in the past I'm rearranging my life I'm single and now I laugh !
Things you need when you're sick: 1. Painkillers 2. DVR
I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
I do believe they are more commonly referred to as the Jackass Johnson family...
me too these stupid girls like brownies a beast! i love richards. did you know who they were a month ago?!
2012-13 GenFund being hashed out in Leg is, in real terms, below where it was before recession. #ProudToPay to restore cuts.
yes, on a long enough timeline, we're all dead, and the orioles have a shot at the division
time to buy a bigger wallet...
RT": I need to give less..than I get."
big fan of my new mayor! “: So far 9 stops, 2 interviews, I brewery tour, 1 back rub (given) #rtnno”
I Guess Ion Have No Frewds Just Mhe,MySelf,And I Till I Die
RT exercise and healthy eating are in,love is still out </3
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel. - Jim Morrison
Are you lost!!!Follow Me!!!
Just started 1st inning but up 1-0, just squandered a chance for more, but winningRT : , go brew What's the score??
“: Shit aint sweet in the heats locker room....you can tell” damn somebody fucked Spoelstra Wife
don't be a fool that the rocks i got im still jenny from the block...... don't MESS WITH ME
Meeting the wonderful Jerry Kidd for coffee tomorrow! woo hoo!
thanks again :)
What a day. What a long day.
2 Easy Strategies To Declutter Your Home - Business Insider
Is racing Kevin down Cherry Hill.
thinking of you and your Max.
Stokes saying he asked a certain CEO for $25 million/year. Like any good politician trying to claim credit if business comm steps up.
didn't realize it was ur bday happy bday happy holidays, see u at Verizon on Tuesday in lone tree
"You're really good at games and shot gunning beers." - It's disgusting how good he is at appeasing me.
Someone added us to a Twitter list called "nerd stuff". We're 100% okay with that.
Fucking ass face.
Aw, my cable guide was wrong, this movie isn't titled High School Hookers, it's Walking the Halls.
true true
so seems like Metric at TI 2012?
- Get it. Tell them how it's done!
Dj double wide!!
This crowd is something else this evening. Enjoying it
Going to bed.
People..stop it with Demi Lavoto's interview on MTV..She's "staying strong"?..There are thousands of children being raped &killed.
Microsoft playing active role in ultrabook development?: The software company is reportedly investing time with ultrabook makers to e...
I swear, I always have some random bruise or cut and I never have any clue where it came from O.o
be careful! RT 's 5-dog adventure @ Hampton Inn in Hershey FYI: Hershey devastated by flooding at end of last week
I WANT SUM TOO.... RT : -Cooking Breakfast .
Woah, I don't go on this shit. Someone catch me up. omg.
I WISH I CAN DM U BUT UR NOT FOLLOWING ME! :(( I BEEN WAITING #3YEARS FOR THE DAY 2 COME
S-A-T-U-R-D-A-Y NIGHT's alright for fighting?
i like the song they stole the watcha say part from
Just leaving the ER after a long night. Collin is better and it is time to get some breakfast and go back to sleep.
AH count Fangor! Nice to hear from you! :)
Playing pocket Jacks in hold'em #poker is like arguing with your wife: there're two ways to do it, and both of them are wrong!
Will you be watching the #GoldenGlobes next weekend?
Better be careful about what I tweet after voiceofsandiego is following my tweets!
#ThisSummerImTryna Make new memories.
I'd never heard of unschooling before! But I definitely think I'd need structure. Lazy isn't just a clever name. :)
I ask myself daily: "What were you thinking when you signed up for Greek two years ago?" Obviously, I wasn't.
I want to listen to country music. fuck broken speakers.
Omg I love that song! Tell him I gave him a virtual high five xD
My goal as founder: hire people such that for every team member, I think "life would suck without this person". Currently successful :)
yeah I am to and someone just texted me but I don't feel like moving my hand D:
Have a beautiful day everyone, whether you're celebrating the Easter holiday or not. As least live in love and spread love.
@ Rehearsal for a fashion show, and no I'm not modeling... Lol!
lol the tall guy off Key and Peele !
I saw the Gotham City Swat Team the other day. Maybe those guys can help the Pirates with the Brewers.
Yes! I was just saying that. RT : Is it me or is Holly Madison from The Girls Next Door the
Hold the phone... Rhi Rhi tonight on
hey, everybody in #elpaso--get thee to for Film Round-Up tonight! (In #Austin, jealous)
So, we are thinking about taking down the Christmas tree this weekend. On the other hand, only 10 months until Christmas 2012...
Dropping off my cousin,my bf and her son at the airport
Doctor Who? What?
