Next time don't foget the sunscreen.
I must be a dreamer
Played Teemo for the first time, got accused of stealing kills. Is that even a thing in LoL? He attacks so fast I can't even control it.
Guess who's finally back in the studio? Technical issues or not, the internet can't keep us from putting out content!
Tune in to PBS tonight at 7pm to see CEO and !
going to sleep so I can be great tomorrow
I passed my aptitude test to get into Medtech.I'm so damn proud of myself!!!
I miss you little nugget. Better see you soon! <3
Im so not going to school tomorrow if my eye still looks like this.. I look like someone from Hills Have Eyes :(
Slot car drag race tonight in Ocoee. Yea, that's how we roll...all electric!
one manhattan in and making myself another.
There are the same amount of errors as hits in this game (4).
Follow our CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
#YouAintHittinItRightIf She isn't putting a towel down on the bed so the sheets don't get wet
Damn.. Somebody who cares is checking up on me alot >>>>>>
Dude! That's horrid. Surely you jest.
if anyone wants this twitter account just message me!! (: or mention me
We would be well served if tweets written in a foreign language don't make it in here - should i just Block the malfeasance ?
=) you know you love it <3
Come support Alzheimer's Association next Wed at Cocktails for a Cause!Drinks complimentary after donation from Shaker Vodka!
richmond!!!! Txt me
Cops are clearing out of McDonalds. They're heading in.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
i don't fear it. i jus don't want it.
Yay for clouds and a breeze! I just finished a 3.38 mi run with a pace of 11'31"/mi and a time of 39:00 with Nike+ GPS.
Great lesson for kids! Before you speak, listen. Before you write, think.
v tonight. #MNF. Let's all get #drunk and screw
Thanks we appreciatte the feedback :)
Watching secret life of an American teenager good ass show.
Swag swag swag on you
Think that would be called a drive by hug
Well... the strike is over in Israel since 9 am, is now 10.40. I just want to see all the garbage out of the streets!
cause your amazing just the way you are (8).
Yes, yes they are. Pisses me off. RT : Look at the idiot Heat fans leaving....I mean...are those people fucking stupid?
Well shoot
Just saw a shooting star...so cool I now can't stop looking at the sky 😲
Mind boggling
Check out Shadow Left on SoundCloud- soundcloud.com/shadowleft
I left off on 6x10 in my OTH rewatch (convenient right?). I think it's time to pick it back up. #YayyForDVDs 😊
Don't feel bad Dwana. I'm "poor" too. :(
Keefer's in Mineral Wells tonight folks!!! Been a while sense we've been there so come out!! Music will start around 9:30pm!
Is it okay for us to flip over tables in righteous anger? Jesus, I am looking at you!
Tweetbots keep posting same post about REBUILT. Maybe Internet has become aware enough to discuss my books. Not very bright yet tho.
haha I like my Algebra teacher! :D Thats funny!
Now if only he would do a good album; I'm talking 1980-89 era. ;)
We've gotten really into The Civil Wars since they performed at the Grammy's. They also wrote the soundtrack for The Hunger Games.
#best dressed #rooneymara OMG your style is beyond! #jessicachastain !
Hmm--are you in Boulder, perchance? Sometimes I feel like a devil in this white city!
awesome! It's one of my favorite American sours.
“: Having dinner with my grandmother. Her axioms about life are so cool!” nice
Luisa Quintero says, "I urge this board to remain competitive with other jurisdictions. I appeal to you to correct your decision."
AMEN to dat!!
Really liked PetSafe program until Continental joined ; have been pretty consistently disappointed by customer service ever since.
S/O The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.. More than meets the eye. Media Inquiry/Bookings: 2 is better 1
Currently in a food coma though..
So please people and fans forgive me for what I have done and if I even let you down i am truely sorry ....
For once would like to see to perform without his guitar
My advice to our graduating seniors is to file a class action lawsuit against Anne Geddes for those baby pics she took of you in the '90s.
We're gonna have something really special for the world on Record Store Day (details to come). Mark your calendars for April 21.
HAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHHHA GOOD ONE
people Too eventually
good luck!
#schoolmemories always bein in the same team for career day with someone u can't stand. U know it happened to all yal n not just career day
I dig the
Small groups are now discussing policy issues around mobile devices, 3rd party apps that hold sensitive data, and social media NASPATech28 #
Talk at noon today on Beth Barnard Nickels, pioneering female architect.
Twitter Got Boring For Some Reason -___-
Another sunny yet chilly day in #Milwaukee. I'll take the sun, but wish it was warmer!
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Now is your time to SHINE --- sparkle eye liner is a great way to add holiday flair.
4 games till hockey playoffs? I just got a stomachache.
Those New Year one have GOT to be turning up soon! Oh, and new ep should be posted sometime tomorrow. Goodnight
Lol No that idea is crazy dude . RT : well let me try and find out if it does
is it ok if i creep on youu?
At least you don't remember a time before properties and fast enumeration! It was a lot of typing…
I woke up thinking today was Tuesday...
oovoo is rough tonight
it wouldn't surprise me but I'm not expecting it. I can see either way.
IJJP on the move again!!!
This looks gorgeous.
im so happy austream is back!
Can u share which beach?
Hey! How are you? The event was separate from our event. :) Hope you're doing well!
Happy Friday! Who is going to a fight this weekend and where?
Thanks for sharing!
HeyHeyHey!! Guess What? I'm Mary Poppins..,:D
she approved as long as she gets a new computer from me when she needs one & im the only one viewing the data
Y'all is gorgeous.
What you up to tomorrow? I'm looking to do some exploring myself...
you know I am.
what are flash guide numbers and how are they usefull?
Thank God took the last word with intelligence and compassion.
Looks fun, thanks!
I would like to sign up for your golfing newsletter. Thank you.
I feel wonderful! #BlackshireTakeover is happening now, and I am so proud to be a part of it all.
About to watch a bird banding demo at the
I have qualms with that movie, solely for the fact - a lot of issues could have be fixed in post
My son riding dirty in his diaper
it's my morning, and I'm that matters!
Today, I crossed 42nd street scratching my back. Two drunk guys drove by me and screamed “backscratcher!” and drove off. MLINY
Hey Grady Little thinks it's time you go get your pitcher...
Tell me your favorite movie endings
Props to , that was the first time I've seen full service valet at a house.
I dont need an hd cam! This face aint cute in hd
been there done that. To da West we go!
Rep. Kiffmeyer grossly downplays costs of obtaining a photo ID. There is no such thing as a 'free ID.'
QUIT SPAMMIMG ME YOU ASSHOLE! RT : Claim your FF Gift. Your a winner!
Happy snowy, melty #Halloween!
Hey we're gonna be next week on the 16th. Thought you might like to check it out
yep.I have Time Warner.They have Feb. 7,14,21 & 28. Then tomorrow they will drop feb 7th & replace it with tonights thats how
why are we watching big rich texas?
Truly need to call out today, but my students will not be able to have access to the computer lab if I am absent. I HOPE THEY SPARE ME DRAMA
u on?
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
so much mikey on my tv screen tonight
Interesting choice by Blake - but may be the right call
Show dancing is so much work!
workout buddy!
It's not the money. It's the shame. "He doesn't even deserve to be paid. Why does he deserve to be reelected?"
If you are a Conservative, that's cool..remember God, Guns, and Guts....not slander and petty judgement. You're not God.
yea it's personal I'm sorry
I have to agree with Paul. In high school, two teams in our district stalled & hurt basketball for all 8 teams.
(find myself despising spell check a little bit for not having stephane grappelli loaded)
his guest Kathleen Dreier has a very moving story and I'm only 30 minutes in!
how much money r u willing to pay?
400 followers :D
Q: I wonder what mayoral candidates would say/react if they could see #SDMayorNP thread during debate! Do they read it after? I hope so!
You can always spot the pretenders siting on top of the VIP booths.
Right!! Hahahah! I am going to sleep :) Tonight's conversation was hilarious!!!!! :)
what would I do then?! Lol
Will do :)
RT Anyone else in #pdx have problems with Dosha salon? /// every time i walk through the door!!
Thanks. Glad you enjoyed your
RT maybe the goose heard your choice of car house music?!? :P
I keep trying to follow you & it keeps telling me "forbidden". :)
Drank too much yesterday.
With one hand over my heart and one to the sky I lift my head high faith and pride my guide We walk as one through this life Love is all
I will devour you.
Could use some GiGi cupcakes in my tummy about right now..
Walk down the sidewalk starting at your feet wishing my steps were longer so by your side I could keep
Please be sure to watch Channel 10 tomorrow at 8pm for the Top 10 Historical South Florida Locations. Please note the time change.
thanks for following.
I need a book to read,any suggestions?
Green got cheese like a nacho, if you ain’t got no a– b-tch, wear a poncho
Talking all ignorant & "hood" isn't cute, girl.
#FollowFriday : thanks for following. Have a blessed day!!
#BkSq is hosting Shamrock in the Square w/ March 10th. Get your green wares for the parade the next wkend!
For anyone who wants to Skype with me, my username is PrinceAtheGreat. I'm available for chat
Hunger is the best sauce.
RT if you dont got a valentines ?
The text I woke up to this morning > 💙
I wish app would synchronize the state of Mentions and Messages across devices. Shouldn't have to read either on each device.
baby steps
i hope to: )#DREAMBIG :)
I loved seeing vehicles from montana in portland
Doin the turnpike w
wed love to hear some good stories...
Apparently I missed the memo that when you walk your dog, you are actually supposed to carry it.
“: Leaving Baltimore and headed to ”. Good to see you. Thanks for the doggie-style. Wait, that didn't come out right
Please stop crying.
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
Follow they make music videos look like mini movies...
I'm about to cry, this storms crazy..
Vodka and cousin subs great night
That confused bush is a camellia, and here they normally bloom in January. Even in the snow.
Don't forget we're open on Sunday too now! Grab a massage appt while your hubby watches football. :)
aayyeee! Guess what?
❒Single ❒Taken ✔Have a lot of children that popped out of me, turned into green demons, and then destroyed a whole town. Is that an option?
Bikram followed by pad thai and trublood
Thanks for sharing my post.
I have an essay to write and two history exams to study for but the chick flicks on abc family are just too good.
Today in 1996, 'Kirk Franklin & the Family Christmas' becomes the first gospel Christmas album to hit
Oh yes -- that's a great question!
I saw a bassett hound in a rain coat on the way to work. I wish I had taken a photo.
Dat mercy track is insane
Tonight one of my fave Sacto bands, PRIETA, will play their last show ever at Sad to see them go but stoked for the show
WHAT?! No BOOTS? Haaaaaaaaaah!
I don't where a tie but they say I live a boss life
That's me, Facepalm Ryan.
No prob, nice app. We're hoping to be a part of the show by !
Right there with you. Trying to get grading done so I can do more diss work. Trying to badger people into helping, etc
#spurs + corporate=win
Of course I haven't yet visited the entire internet, but I think I've got the gist of it.
I miss my family
Too faced people take me to new places they're the reason why i'm gonna make it heated by many yes its been plenty
Thanks ... all signs so far indicate we'll really need it this year ... even more than last
Somebody who is a big flirt is a turn off to me
Please say Gene ... Please say Gene ...
Do I count as a Bostonian friend??
Have books for PHP versions 4 and 6. Naturally, the version on our server is 5.
Thank God tomorrow's friday!
Wow, What Trent Richardson did was one of the classiest things I've ever seen. I hope for the best for him in the NFL. Steeler would be nice
Yes! But I guess I'll have to start planning for the future now...
I know a muthasucka that stay schemin
People I Can Trust I Count On One Hand.. 50% Of Em Locked Up. Fxck 5-0 .
The perfect pre-weekend start = Island Frydays in your belly!
"lol no make up" -_- You mean no lipgloss? You're face still has make up on it.
Now we are forever friends! Isn't it exciting?
In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh
WE NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
Waste of talent..
Cricket: Australian quicks excite Arthur
JONAS BROTHERS WILL SURELY ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!!!
I just saw lightning. Fudge.
THE SADNESS OF THE SITUATION IS THT THIS ISN'T A FOREIGN INCIDENT JUSTICE HAS ALWAYS BEEN AN OUT CRY THE CRIME OF BEING BLACK!
I don't believe you that she is doing that. Especially when she has three tests.
Yes and Nonprofit! If you join, send us a tweet to let us know! RT : cool, didn't know there is a student rate.
My bus always smells like smoke.. You're cool.
God. Stunned. Seriously. still love you #heels. The refs gave it to Dook.
You run from those, huh?
do yall remember those rumors about niall ex died of cancer..... well there not true she if fully alive and fully pissed cause of the rumors
I like to stare out the window when it rains.probably something alot of ppl dont do.:)
Wheelchair basketball the rage in Wisconsin
Had the universe been static, they would be frozen like a statue.
My baby kick the shot out of me Morgan u kinda hurting mama lol
A wonderful weekend for Central Ohio! Partly to mostly sunny with highs around 50 degrees today. Sunny and even warmer tomorrow...
I didn't thinks I'd make it at all last year . :p I Just gave it a shot. Haha.
": Wow my buddy wasn't here today -_-"
I'd rather spend 20 hours a day doing something I love than 8 hours a day doing something I don't. Good morning mates.
RT : SpaceX Update:At this time, a May 7 launch appears unlikely. SpaceX is continuing to work through the software assuranc ...
Seeking God? ... thou shalt find him, if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul. —Deuteronomy 4:29
True. That would have been a fun duo to watch.
I think the problem is not the universities per se, but the corporatism that has taken hold of the leadership.
awww, I wish I could see! She sounds hot!!!
Omg bestfriend this fat girl ask me did I want sum lemon heads I want sum but not from her
probably going to go to the movies every night i get home for like 2 weeks to see everything i want to see in english.
lemme get an ice water WITH A QUICKNESS
On my way home had a gud first day of class
"A leader is someone who can live with nothing, yet have everything."........l.
Back in the studio.
ehh that's an ill photo
GM once launched a car called Nova in South America but it surprisingly didn't do well… (think "no va")
#ILikedYouUntil you cheated
im 6 foot 130 pounds i went to the doctors for a shot found that out
Accidentally had my TV on the Fox network and this Glee show is on.
"Tim Tebow is a great kid," Elway declared. "If I want someone to marry my daughter, it would be him." OUCH low blow.
Thanks for the RT on Historic Jamestowne!
Cause I'm the fucking man
If you haven't seen the 2Pac hologram @ Coachella last night, you need to, it gave me chills
Just finished the compassion 5k representin team flagler hospital!! Ready to enjoy this beautiful day in st Aug!!!
just got sniper elite v2, it's pretty good
Sucking dick and leaving thee balls out is like Eating pussy and leaving thee clit out.
we should try to get followed by him !!!
is recruiting for a Research Librarian in McLean, VA! This is a great opportunity for a senior level candidate! Please contact me for det…
life's short!
two? You better ride tomorrow.
I'm a sucker for proposals...
Wooohoo we now have a umbrella holder for certain days like today. <3
Come one, come all! Tonight is our meet and greet at the UEC. Starts at 6:30. We'll be discussing the May 29th blitz!!! :)
show is Fri & sat nights; http:mindtrippingshow.com; love to have you come. How did you hear @ the show?
75 and sunny. 2 mile walk to dog store and back, with a Pinkberry side trip.
Wondering where to have my vacation next month. Still clueless.
I just ran to AT&T and got the whole thing fixed lol thanks tho bro
How is that a St Pete only problem? RT : Only in St. Pete; my painter just called...
The Sandlot on AMC! You bob for apples in the toilet, and you like it... YOU PLAY BALL LIKE A GIRL!!
I think big Bertha just don't like pops cuz she'll never fire up for his ass but she stay on go for me🚌💨
New Crush # AceHood
Good Bye!
who said you're boring?! :) Thanks for the love
Lovasa, a "standardized" fish oil, is currently the rage. It is good but not likely the best.
Get lucky today ! Join our mobile club and win a free gift card! Text SUNSET to 55800.
Just doing what I do, helpin people out every day 👍
hmm, i like The Format.
oh haha okay. I was just wondering thanks(:
You can win a pair of "Witness" tickets for the 2012 Art Heist on Saturday, 4/28 by being EASL Emergency Artist Support League's fan #850!
Oh cool! Have you heard David Lynch's recent album? It's bizarre, of course, but I really like the song 'Pinky's Dream.'
if that would make your day, then you are a sad racist sack of shit :-( you are a horrible person.
EXCEPT IT IS NOT.
omg. why am I just seeing this? LOL.
Good to be home after my month long trek across the East coast. awesome time working with the east coast photo crew great job dudes
"Come Fly Away" new musical at Fisher Theatre 9/13-25. Partner prices as low as $30. Use code "away" • online www.ticketmaster.com
Someone in LA is BBQing breakfast!
dont get cancer on me
Hi Chris, question for you: does the bar have wifi available?
Ugggggghhhhhh cant believe this
Can't wait to rock it in the AM with (I only wake up early for extra special people!!)
dirty ass youngin'
Welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!
wish u had a pug. Miss you
So instead Aimee uses face powder and a makeup brush on a key pad! Zut! Doue! MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE
A special shout out to my Mom, who did such s great job raising 9 children alone, even tho the baby of the family (me) gave her a hard time.
holy fuck I love my twin<3
I wish that I could hate you half as much as I hate myself.
My dad didn't IM me back. /wrists
Rickie Weeks is a run scorer and he hits RBIs all the time! He is the ultimate player!
Worried that the unlocatable intermittent beep in my house means my life is turning into a Stephen King novel. Or, worse, Delillo.
thanks for the follow.
My damn J.Cole mixtape dont work anymore
Great ideas may emerge from the research you conduct for your Business Plan. Dig down deep on your competition and you may find weakness
#ireallywant a #Rangers world championship
also, make sure you are very specific as to what you are looking for, and we'll work something out for you.
can you dunk them in coffee, or do they fall apart?
jagger bombs:)? Nice! Happy birthday weekend!!!!
you hated her... I've been your friend for 9 years and you are friends with her again and ditch my party for hers wow i hope you see this.
NBA is over. As Chick wd say.The Lights are out- Eggs are Cooling, The Butter is getting hard & Jell-O is jingling. It's over -Kobe rest.
not touching my backpack tonight
It's not a good idea for me to drive in this shit. Because I'm about to kill someone and purposely ram them.
Oh damn. That's my childhood in a nutshell, more or less. Lol
I hate fake ass people..
I'm not actually, funny how you make assumptions and you know absolutely nothing about me:) I don't know how saying that makes me
only crazy people make money these days. Lol
now that was a funny Tweet! thanks for a good grin today.
nice eyes..
“: You need to score here, bases loaded. Come on! #Cubs” Speaking about that. DeJesus!!
Winding down a wonderful birthday. Thanks, for making this day, and every day, worthwhile.
love reading EGL, would love the link to the first issue.
you're in the front left most seat in the right most section?
Feel free to bring some of those pies on over to channel 4!
Being unconditional & non judgemental are just two of the many qualities you should expect from a sport psychologist.
“: #Scorpios never give up. Their fierce dedication causes them to be natural winners.”
Win Free furniture $ 765 contest on our facebook page! Please go to facebook and add Towne Centre Furniture for your chance to win!
seems like everythings falling apart it dont feel the same...
I would never unfollow you sugar!RT i was @ 30k until ppl started to unfollow me is super close to 30K! :D ♥
you'll have to change your twitter avatar now to one with no glasses. :)
For breakfast I would like my eggs "ovulating," in honor of mother's day.
Worry about your character & not your reputation, because your character is who you are & your reputation is what people think you are.
This is a U.S. university, or an Australian one?
i wish wrote relevant tweets..hahahahahaha have a baby then you could win things! ;)
Let's go Heat keep it up, turned up the white hot heat when it mattered. 6:18 12 point lead. Win this.
just give me a call lets figure out what you need to do at this point.. I am the owner 623-255-4088 ext1 mst
Hey how bout you get off twitter and finish that paper so we can go eat. K :) thanks.
Yep. RT , WORD UP!! Is this airing nationwide?
Loving keeping my cores warm with PLINQ.
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ... I love you! <3
Used to be nail shops on every block in #NYC, then pizza shops, now it's pharmacies on every corner.
In count voice from sesame street "1 2 equals 1 "
Spaniel...she's almost ready for the ring
#NBC #SKINS Actor Showcase rescheduled for NOV 13TH during 6TH ANNUAL LA SKINS FEST.
This lil toyota moving🚗💨💨
#erl12 #libleadership people want to harness themselves to things that appear to be moving forward ()
I confessed that I've seen Burton's SWEENEY TODD dozens of times, and Zanuck gave a smile.
heck yeah Angga! Glad you like it bro!
We r all equal...no one is the same...God made us that way...to show us no matter what we r all his children..;)
#WhyDoiAlways push people away...
They migrated down the Sweetwater River Canyon. I went to warn the kids down the st b'coz there are little ones there & they were like HOW?
Serious training going on to prep for El Tour in Nov. Cyclists, stop in for evaluation on shaping up for optimum racing. Ask for Big Dan.
Man I hate when people stare >__<
"Not only amazed & entertained, but more alive & less lonely." Jonathan Lethem's powerful reaction to Thomas Berger's writing, in NYT.
Our Easter weekend: extended family time, great worship, egg dying & hunting, saying good bye to neighbors & yes, more packing!
“: #KellyRowland & my Girl actually kind of look alike. #KeepItBetweenUs Video” If I hear that one more time! Lmao
shoot. ok. friday then. only until 3 right?
referencing Tony Hawk during conversations
Returning home from Mississippi! Teens For Tate are Awesome!
yes hit me up sometime when you're in the Baltimore area
So I see you've moved on to fights with filthy degenerates on twitter. I'm quite impressed. CC:
Happy Easter Weekend! Hope you are sharing it with the ones you love.
it's gonna be HOT!!!! Cant wait for that shit!
long time ago
eve in my info
Tonight, plans to ride it all night long. Life, that is. Catch her tonight at for a week of #GenderBenders!
There's a special place in Hell for people who put two spaces between sentences.
let's go back to the start and see, just how many drinks that it took for you to forget me.
“: #NothingsBetterThan knowing the feeling is mutual.”
<33 we're too cute ;)
You & the fam need to check out Queen of Sheeba for dinner some night. (Tues thru Sun) Delicious Ethiopian!
yes and i like my new name i think i might change it too
Projekt Records released the first Makaras Pen CD if you are looking to pick it up. Almost done tracking for our second one finally!
Oh!!!! On a side note my daughter is officially a #DePaul #BlueDemon!! #ilovechicago \m/
Performing tonight at 10pm at the Purple Onion, come by and say hi. Then maybe stay for the show.
said the #Nets could go 0-82 and he would be gravy, did we actually expect him to give a giblet about the logo?
Almost time to get off and drink guiness. Heading to downtown Portland for drinks tonight. Hope to see lots of fam faces out. Happy St Pats!
Windy, windy out here! Great for contact lens wearers! :(
sounds good man half & half I'm gonna have to play tighter than a ducks butt in the PLO rounds, newb in that game
Happy Sabbath, Tweeps!
Also those packing peanuts are a great help too :)
People the things that u do u need to take your conciquences and stop always trying to be the victim
#Foghornleghornquotes you're not a chicken. You're a loud mouth schnook.
Habitat Map in Brooklyn - need to be able to *see* a problem before you can put together a response.
he done it now?! ;) lucky girl!I wish he would follow me ;( </3
lmao you mustve gotten like a million #s in the dm
FOLLOW ME! Please♥ i Love you!
Chili represents your three stages of matter: solid, liquid, and eventually gas
I've decided not to give it away, but I'll be on a bit of a twitter break for a few weeks.
Met Life Stadium..!!!!!
me too
yup its lame
Is it bad that I'm craving 's carrot hummus with lamb and feta for breakfast?
“Whenever you have truth it must be given with love, or the message and the messenger will be rejected” -Mahatma Gandhi-
(hip hop x loud) + coffee = workplace productivity
RT IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW! or tweet me i follow back
YES! Me too! : WebVocalCoach vocal training is hard to push through sometimes, but it ALWAYS makes me feel better
great!! Let me kno if/when it will b played :) thanks in advance
Hey now my NYC peeps I'll be performing in the upcoming number one erotic show "THE SWEET SPOT"
I know but trusting in God will get it
I don't think any of the small run shops would have the type of paper we'd need.
Wishing everyone the best in 2012!
will certainly try!
Just purchased 216 colorful balloons for Blazington's birthday party!
Rawr, just stressed. Lots to do.
I Think About How Back Then I Would Have Been Snapped Yo Neck & Now Im Just Like Nigga U Aint Nun ahah Ima Make U Haters my House Keeper
lots of hugs!!!
- The only thing a man should want to change about a woman; is her last name.
Does anybody have Alanis Morissette's phone number? I have this idea for a movie. Let me know. Thnx
Aww youre so sweet! What are you up to this weekend? Lets get together!
looking for an Account Executive - Personal Care, NYC
My tongue hurt -__-
Another amazing class. So many breakthroughs, great moments and, I think, more confidence throughout. Very exciting. :)!
Tues 4/10 we will b downtown on Capitol between Union & Church fm 11-2. Come by & get the best country fixins in Nash. Have a blessed day!
I-O
Just saw a trailer for Jeff Lives at Home, looks awesome!!
What your favorite part of #stopstealingdreams ?
Mornin' everyone! Half-way through the work week! Anyone have any special plans for today?!
RT #drivethrugeneration Hell Yes. Miss the old Drive Thru Records!
WTF, Baltimore? RT : Homicide called out to four cases today, three shootings and a stabbing. Another non-fatal shooting.
The DEVIL is busy. A rumor went out via text to all my family that I tried to commit suicide. I live in GA they are in MI. Its sad when ppl+
hey, was the blog post in the presentation??
Early bassist were barely heard.....now many guys are WAY to LOUD!....."balance" is the key!!
RT : Did you know you can buy your tickets for
enjoy, and share your experience afterwards!
Chicago Bears cut Winston Venable
I'm always down for Miami
well i think you're funny and nice, shame on mee(;
Ahh back to Florida hopefully last time for awhile. I'm trying to bring back the weather with me #Tweeps!
3am is the worst time to break down
Let's give this another try, since Facebook has lost its mind.
for sure! you should give our tunes a listen (: have fun at the Maine!
If you don't exercise and do the other two, I still don't think it's going to help you that much
Shoulda told you what you meant to me..cause' now I pay the price
Big show Monday: Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville and Buffs head coach Dan Hawkins, and FSN's Jeff Huson. Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
Whenever I go on Twitter, Justin Bieber is offline. Whenever I go off Twitter Justin Bieber is On!
We appreciate our followers!
So great to see you. It was an enlightening weekend! And Thank YOU! : That was an awesome retreat.
Everything i say today is fucking wrong.
Alice in Wonderland?
tweet me and i will give you a shout out
If I lived closer I'D be there for story time & crafts with Claire! Sounds fun :-)
Okay, so this new TweetDeck is missing some features I liked in the old version, but imma give it a try and see if I like it.
Cool Story Bro. I Care.
--> On my way to an informal evening with <--
Harry Styles! 
Ok, how about an associate that is carrying on endless conversation with a customer, many others in line?
I feel so so much better now that I put my hair up. Not as awkward being all sniffily now. :)
lol I know right
VEGAS in 2 months!!!!
definitely excited to win
wow i havent tweeted for a while now...well hey guys..how are you?
Rise and Shine! Big day today Grand Opening of tonight!
HELL YA GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Wondering when producers will start experimenting again!!!! All the old formulas & stories are getting boring...
to my vegan friends today we have pumpkin loafs and carrot with avacado cupcakes come in and enjoy
When's the last time you heard a non-remixed "Gotye - somebody that I used to know" on the radio? I can't even remember.
It's a classic tho for sure RT : omg... Nadi... you like 5 years late on this song lol.
Unfollowers, Go die in a ditch.
5 hours after getting here, mom has yet to start surgery.
#SportingKC The Cauldron is ready - we believe!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!•
Let's go #WISCONSIN!
my eyes Are so messed up In like all those photos! Lmfao
#PLL OMG ill kill my self if my guess is wrong
Ah just cut.my.little sisters hair.... I did an amazing job!! I think I know what I wanna.go to school for!^~^
I'm pretty sure that's the owners wife's initials. Think she passed this summer...
Oh yeah Sunday funday with the homies...I'm free of stress yes I am....ima be selfish and think about me now...: )
Yes Yes Yes Viola! That dress and hair...perfecto!
Fly me to a star
...Both had not won since the 2007 season, but got their new seasons off to a flying start with morale-boosting victories.
Vandy game is pretty good
Just had a delicious dinner with my brother. Now I'll head home and curl up on the couch with my puppy and my kindle. Who am I?
that im in MA; orig was born and raised there :)
U r a fantastic ball player. You exceed in each aspect of the game and never give up. I actually watched you play agst s ...
Pretty much shopping around to see what developers have to offer. I'm not sure which it'll be for yet (phone/fbook/etc)
are u serious I'm just now hearing about this...
my guess is that the cat doesn't give a hot damn about your writing goals <-- My guess is that you are 100% correct.
I don't even know why i'm talkin lol I suck at basketball
I am 100% positive I would have done better than those 3 shootout attempts.
If you missed the first half you can still watch the second part of the performance at www.Juilliard.edu/live
I am now offering a full line of energetic medicine products that are absolutely amazing. Email me for more
Renting? Not sure you can afford a home? Call today to learn more about our 1st time homebuyer programs. (858) 376-1299
Awesome news! Very happy for you guys!!
The funniest episode so far arrives on Monday!!! Stay tuned and enjoy!
RT #Derby Day -Mint Juleps, wild women, & Buffalo Oysters. c you there May 5th
Wifey been working mad O.T this week, so im handling her dinner, a cranberry chicken salad coming right up.
and those are the nice ones too!
- Hi Amanda. Thanks for the follow. We should connect on LinkedIn too.
I'm so sorry I feel asleep :(( but I will still dm you <33
hahaha. I didn't know that, but for me everyday is PB&J Day!
Want a free code for Minecraft on the Xbox 360? Of course you do. We're giving away four for tomorrow's Free Game Friday. Stay tuned!
thanks for sounding so excited to see us! Mom was right, you only want us for food :P
They say the weather is weird everywhere..Love Alburquerque are there hot air balloons everywhere?
just doesn't look right, somehow. But helping me out? Very menschy.
haha, nerd. And yeah ill coach with you.
I found one! Bam. But yeah, I'm tiredd. Iz going to sleep. Goodnight betch. Talk to me tomorrow.
I am thankful for 'Cuse lax. They play tough games h
RT RT : Next week Friday night 23:30-1am I will be dishing out House tunes on ....No AD Breaks just 1...
I'll work you off
Where there's a will... I want to be in it.
Just saw a huge billboard for the muppet movie! I'm so freaking excited!!
If what you heard is true will it help save his reputation or will there still be too many questions no matter what?
I'm going to Spain yay! Lol
#jobs #rails Ruby on Rails Opening in Seattle, WA, contact me at for more info
Ohh its what you do to me
almost done with my zine project i've been working on for the last few weeks.
as i'm packing my last minute stuff, i feel like i'm forgetting so much.
This week's discovery: Vancouver as unofficial remote outpost for foreigners who can't get US visas. Gov't of Canada: Build on this.
[Campus Bulletin] Good luck Jackets against vpisu tonight! There's only room for one Fake Tech around here, and it doesn't contain "Poly-".
"It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be deceived by them." - Duc de la Rochefoucauld (1613 - 1680)
Dreams and Love are the reason to live life to the fullest!
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.
Lolol oh well,
Donates to Red Cross in Light of Recent Tornadoes, Assists with Aftermath: bit.ly/ilfk9D -- "AWESOME!"
how come #Tylorrrrr wasn't in that list ha ha ha
It's close to fun cities like Charlotte...
Hello :) This is carol hacking Manno Army..Trying to not melt in the rain. Did you know that Dinosaurs are awesome!!!!!!!! Bet not....
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Occasional rain. Lows in the lower 60s. South winds around 5 mph. Chance of rain...
Nice! RT Come up and Watch The Chicago BlackHawks $2 Bud family pints !!!
When people contradict themselves several times on their own TimeLine it really shows how much of a story teller they are! Love it!!! =)
but you are perfect?!? <3
I'm getting that funny feeling again.
- is a social media tool some use that measures their strength as an individual social media user. That's all. :)
Whoa guys...never thought we'd turn on each other!
And gentleman. Lol
in Edgewater having vegetarian cuisine...
Dear god, #andrewluck even sounds like a manning...
#HowAreYouAThug with no hustle?
- lol did not , I had to take my sister to the hospital , who presented ?
it was so busy at work today so I tried to stop people from coming haha
y'all watching the fight? Smh
Hoping I get a Job .. I need one
Up early making pizza dough for event tonight
Valdre asks what lessons have been learned from Bosnia that we can apply to today's crises?
I've got a meet & greet today in Tarzana CA, my first time here, I like this place. Neat, tidy, well manicured...
I swear if I have to sleep in the same room as somone that snores again ill prolly have to do time
Why dreaded?
Ya I got them moves like jagger end you were saying?......:-) #moveskikejagger MoOoOoOvves
This radio station playing classics
u kno u hav ginourmous hips when the width of ur shoulder is smaller than tht of ur hips& ur waist is literally half the size of yo hips lol
Preparing Batches of my Vegan ALMOND-CILANTRO-SPINACH PESTO for the weekend. Give thanks and praises. peace, Chef Toussaint of Oakland' ...
We often take for granted the very things which most deserve our gratitude.
I don't judge... What the Hell are you wearing? The Penguins aren't even a real hockey team there just there cause they pay to be
The great city of Dallas tonight!
oh jesus jean, don't do this to me! I think she may be the one...
What a treat to get to hear from some wonderful #NM authors at the NM Press Women 2012 Zia Awards!
We have seen that trend as well. There will be a lot of white wine drinking if we have another summer like last year!
I dont know what to get my stupid ugly awesome husband for his bday. Maybe I will just give in & finally play Small Worlds with him. :-)
guy that sits behind you introduced himself to me thought i was new apparently he has never seen me!
Seahawks new jersey
there is a franchisee in the area but I don't know his development plans. sorry.
she got that 4.0 cubic feet going on
I have a seller client that slept through the boom and is seriously regretting it.
Super stoked for Fest tonight!! is going to #PARTY!!!
Oregon University System Board fires U of Oregon's Prez for seeking "privatization" ventures. Is this the start of a new trend in H.Ed.?
Way to go!
Tremendous turnout #healthcare conference.
Just saw a Latina milf with double G Juggs
Man, school never prepares you for the
WHY MUST YOU RESURFACE NOW?!
not happy with and the new fees for debit cards. I will most likely be taking my business elsewhere very soon.
Order for Thanksgiving by Tuesday, Nov. 22 for Nov. 23 pickup! Appalachian Granny's desserts made on-site at Acme!! Call 614-732-2803
Me too! RT : Getting ready to board the Librarian Express to Fairbanks!
PAAAAIIIIIIIINNNNNNN ! ! ! FUUCCK!!! Tattooing is like my damn kryptonite sometimes !!! Can anyone reccomend a chiropractor?
BREAKING NEWS: William Balfour found guilty of murdering 3 members of Jennifer Hudson's family.
it's official isn't gonna follow me. I'll try again another day I guess... :(
that the thing I don't have any money
Dick Clark?? Damn.
We're very excited to have you onbaord as our newest chef, welcome!
Huh. HathiTrust: say "HAH-tee," Hindi word for elephant.
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!!!
will do! thanks for the #shoutout and follow!
If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble. -Moliere
Work work work never a day to just relax and enjoy my family, fiance or the awesome weather we've been getting :(
i was in the first class u i think u were in the first cus i think ur mom asked me to like hand her ur bag tht u got singed
If you don't get lost, there's a chance you may never be found.
Did some window shopping today for our redesign Next step: start mood boards!
Golly, I can't think of anything else you should be doing...
SHOUT OUT TO YOU! EVERYONE FOLLOW HER PLEASE!
In here drinken this ghetto ass coolaid
;) we just had our first wedding anniversary in January.
you all should come to Houston,Texas
QUALITY #Home #Remodeling at budget prices! Ask about our lay away plans & senior citizen discounts. We care about Chicagoland. 773-663-4082
I was just two blocks from at the same time. We were potentially passerbys.
Thank you! Appreciate it
I can't with y'all.
NYC I see you baby.
Betty White will pocket more cash during HER LAST 10 YEARS than she did during the entire rest of her career. Just watch.
A game of Racquet Ball instead of cleaning the booth. Fun :D
you're hanging out with the wrong people then
This #LAWind is crazy!
Lunch with jezy!:)
Tempted to open presents tomorrow....but I'll wait until Wednesday! (hopefully)
getting some sleep now so i can be in a good mood for my mommy :)
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. Elbert Hubbard
INBOX: "Two enormously important issues, Occupy Wall Street and nuclear safety, are coming to a head this week."
whoa whoa whoa slow it down a notch. i just met you. but goodnight. haha
is filthy as ever on #PabstandJazz . Dope ass title too.
"1" & "2" are this weeks featured Numbers and Letters samples! Check them out on #productionvault!
Patrick., Nd Jessica., You Two Mean The World To Me.
I'm going to bed. I've had enough of this media circus.
Ball Boys is a joke...they overpaid for that helmet by at least a grand. Sigs were faded and not one significant/expensive name.
RT : Q2 Libraries should be built with the patrons in mind. The library staff is what makes patrons feel welcome or not
Good morning, Brenda! I dreamed about you last night!
Vegas and California in April booya
thanks for the love papi!!!!:-*
I'm a beautiful freak ;)
uh positive. Lol
Why does everyone have nissan sentra's?
- Dave! When you gettin that new show? ur killin us out here. spendin our time watchin twitter. Help Dave!
Uncle Ed spoke very HIGHLY of you. We'll be praying for your Dad.
I vote we do not call Ibaka "weed"
Wow, I'm not much a tweeter.
Whoo Hoo!!! Welcome to the fun!!!
How have you learned about your family history?
Great meeting with Editor, Visual Effects Supervisor & Director this evening to establish continuing workflow in weeks ahead. So far so good
#wrestlemania gonna be the greatest one ever
Maybe u should say we need to lay off the home runs Jen!
Early morning: Gourmet To Go is catering for an all-day meeting hosted in our W. Mtg. Room w/ meals on the balcony.
Aloha! Happy May Day!
scholarships make me want to cry
EAT IT ! Hahah good to have you back Baboso!!
thanks for the RT
how do the sell them hungry? :)
Few more hours til I'm off... Yes
Laundry day 
And once again #ND is freezing cold. Ah the joys of living up North.
A sherrif's deputy got away with murder. But the guy he killed was suicidal, so we don't really think that should count.
Amen, Brother Ivan! "my film is on twitter now! check out and other things #canyonroadmovie!" via
7 More Hours Till 2012..!!!! ;D
I've always wondered. :)
Just went hard at the gym with :)
It's National Pancake day, so and I are going to Ihop to indulge in their free pancakes. You in? (cc: )
thanks guys.
we are safe at home...currently have power here...call if u can
"Ignorance is a voluntary misfortune." -Nicholas Ling
I can't imagine having only 6 minutes between classes. That's outrageous 😔😣
Really looking forward to tonight's first dinner in the series. Which course are you the most excited about?
Post Edited: Wine Sale - Up to 70% off Retail with FREE Shipping
I LOVED the black dress u wore during ur performance on finale! Can u tell us what it was?? Thx!
its a WHOLE different set of ppl for early morn/late nights on Twitter...than in the Day......
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE #FOLLOW 5
Psyching myself up to finish my research today by pretending I'm #LisbethSalandar hacking through archives to dig up dirt on the bad guys.
"This town was built for cows, not cars to move around in." - Random Stranger, Bus Talk about Boston
How many people just realized they have to go back to work on Monday.. Productivity will surely be at an all time high
haha why the mad face? xD
Hell yea!
The Father desires to close the gaps in your purpose! When you can declare you faithfulness to His will, He will assure you position in Him!
RT : Acting is also working with people who invite you into their dreams and trust you with their innermost being.
Those look lovely. Did you know has a free class on succulents next month?!
yes I have.
can I get a follow back please?
my wheel barrow is full how many bricks have you moved so far
Thanks for the Link :) You're a rockstar - would love to work with you!
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
When playing dangerous person, don't. Murder doesn't play murderer.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning holy fuck I have man legs.
There are many variations of UI but 3 of them are the most common – urge incontinence, stress incontinence & overflow incontinence
hello friends! Please follow my business page: Thank you for your support, and have an ACTIVE day!
i'll take the spider over the snake anyday Bill!
Just saw Alfredo de la Fe at Yoshis SF. I wish I could have heard more. Tommorow...Ignacio Berroa...Don't Miss It!
Hi Amanda. The only thing that could make it better is joining in the #CMLbookchat at 7pm.
I dont recollect ya name
is speaking the truth!
Audition cancelled. :( Too bad, I was perfect for the role (sports fanatic)!
(Slowly descends into frame...)
what do you need?
You bet! Thanks for sharing such fun facts and nuggets of info :)
y'all are so amazing &' y'all make me happy to be here (; thank you!
:-) Ayee this book getting kindaa good!
Went to the movies w/ 11 friends tonight and I'm surprised we didn't get kicked out.. We originally were gonna go w/ 15 but 4 couldnt go.
#BiebsMeetLizie! PLease it's her dream to meet u
Up to late
I need some music to motivate me today...
Surly Temple whips the girls into action, causing a flurry of preparations!
Seniors!! Tomorrow is the LAST official day of HIGH SCHOOL!! Are you sad or excited?
Yay Verlo! We'd love to have you!
Good luck on standby! Nice chatting with you. Have a great trip. Go Saints!
Thanks! It means a lot. It's just hard getting discovered/noticed. :/
didn't we decide to kill him?
#FF Living Legend congrats on the Scene Cover Well Deserved!
today´s a good day :)
I giggle the whole time. I love how u get to see the person erase. So funny.
Learning interesting things from a customer on the hunt for her lost dog. Lots of resources from &
Omg just scared my sister.. .........Hell-larious
Women an cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
.. yea it should be .. just hope i can catch on to the choreography fast .. swing dance ain't easy!!
Casting NEW reality show! Have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story to
I'm outta here
Wow, pretty crazy #Angels RT : Seriously, according to , Pujols has the lowest WAR in MLB. Yes, Pujols
Spring semester is officially done!!!
For the privileges of exponentially higher copays and deductibles, MKE Co will take another $3,000 from each worker.
if he had done that in the age of youtube, dude would have had a platinum ringtone.
*happy sigh* I have the best Twitter friends. You all make my timeline so beautiful!!! <3
So important! "Don't skip this simple but vital step before bed--wash your face! Cleansing is the basis for great #skin."
I feel like everyone and their fucking mother is going to Ditlers tonight.
thanks girl for helping me today get through it.....she didn't break anything but has concusion :/
In case I forget #ff tomorrow: and why?
how to tell it's just post spring break: the students are far less "paper deadline" panicked.
cool. Sorry about not being able to link w u yesterday. Tomm I should be good prob in the evening if that works 4 u?
kat, u been gone too long. n we gtta chill before august
As I was driving home today, a car on the frontage road actually yielded as I exited the freeway. I think that's pretty awesome. So, yay.
MAYBE I JUST HAD A MOMENT BUTI THINK MORGAN JUST MISS HA DADDY
Hospital food aint too bad....
However it may be I'm ready
It's a huge space, so we're trying to get as many as possible, honestly. I mean, 50-100 would be amazing? But even 30 would work...
Nunez has a ton of talent. I don't know if fans realize but he leads the team in steals !! But ...pitching & D wins Championships!
just take the time once in a while to tell someone you were thinking of them it makes all the difference.
I always find stuff in my characters to relate to.. #Acting is Great .
Only thirty more minutes to stop by the Jossey-Bass booth during the expo! We're at booth #1112-- the place to be!
I just landed a trade: natal #astrology reading for raw juice, iced coffee, and homemade soups from my favorite S Austin juice/soup stand.
why don't you love me by ft. is just flawless... "open up your arms cause i could be all that you need."
SEAD applying social media methods to handle data curation needs of science research, incl microcitations
Me you us
OT with the Celtics.
Questions about something you've seen in a magazine or on television? We'll help you sort out the beauty facts from fiction.
plz like my fan page!!
FINISHED MY RESEARCH PAPER!
(correction, that's ) Did you see this >> mediabistro.com/fishbowldc/my-… from ?
Also did a #twitter experiment in class. Not very successful.
#3wordsaftersex make me a sandwich
love what brighton does for their team. Truly a wonderful company.
I didnt get a text do u have the right number?
lazy Saturday morning reading drinking a Life is good. ^TR
another punk ass day n cali wit da fams n peeps facebook me @ toninkajj
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Mans! $20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks Today! At SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
Swag= Fresh = Filthy
With the way Iowans are polling lately their either schizophrenic, just plain stupid, or they're fucking with the pollsters.
It's raining cats and dogs in #Fallbrook tonight. A good night to stay in and crack a nice bottle of #Randydunn Cabernet.
Didn't know had a twitter
Surreality: the only reality I know.
That moment when you LITERALLY have nothing to do -_-
justin racing in daytona?
Damn shut down smoke sessions shut down shut down! Man but that green sounds so good :( why did I start smoking!?!?!?
Bout to eat a home made steak an cheese I'm a
happy Birthday to my Bestest friend & to one of my favorite singers of all time ! #Beliebers I've been one since 09
by the way I found Tommy Rees in my friend's yearbook this morning. thought you should know lol
I HAVE ASMR
I'm so ready for what's coming to me!
No. It finally quieted down for the evening and I'm too tired to moderate.
Shot a story today that reminded me why I love my job. I love it when that happens. And it happens often.
Things you don't see every day: A teenager buying a CD.
Is the best way to contact you via your site? Wanted to share an idea about a visual project focused on you.
that's smart as hell. i like the way you think.
how much u charge for the mixtape host on livemixtape
who would be interested in a 2 part french pastry cooking class?!
Love for the tall and even the thicker, Can Fuck with a Bitch who can't handle her liquor. Mixtape is gonna be crazy
hits on Irish girls all the time. Just saying.
Only 3 more days until the 7 Venue with Monster Energy at the helm!
Can you say pathetic!
Every celebrity I follow on Twitter is going to the White House Correspondents Dinner.Now I'm going to say that I'm going too.
Another day another dollar be blessed
3 pounds of barbecue ought to do it . . .
You're probably right. Just ignore MJ. The guy clearly has issues. Porter Story = Disgusting & Sad
Yes, but who's endorsing this 'pizza' you speak of. And does it have Midi?
remember we went last Sunday and saw it? O.o
Mother Nature - you made it rain 2 days in a row in #ABQ. You ok? Feeling alright? Maybe you should sit down, take a load off.
too much on my mind...im going to sleep, gnite all
: (*laughs*) …why oh why did i not pursue PhD in discipline that would accept such as thesis?
I went to your site twice thinking the cheapest plan you offered was $199/mo. Please showcase the $9.99 more!
Look for your favorite centerpieces. You can bring them home tonight!
hoodie weather y'all.
I'm excited about that new movie starring John Cusack as Elvis Grbac.
I hate having to make random food combinations because there isn't anything to eat.
Bill GatesIt is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
Menopause does not seem fun... genital atrophy???
Live Performances now
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Watching Michael Jackson on youtube he was the greatest..
Changes-our lives are full of them. Some changes cause more stress than others. Stay ahead of the curve and de-stress whenever possible.
Call sheet (nearly) complete!
I hate what the grass does to your shoes after you mow the lawn.
Also, the proprietor is a fellow bassoonist!
To quote Lauryn Hill, "it could all be so simple, but you'd rather make it hard!"
Best news all month! RT say hello to OC Weekly's new Music Editor!
I wanna continue to be great and be
I love Greg Kinnear. And you can't stop me.
So don't sleep follow us and stay updated!
: Preschool programming should be equivalent to what you provide for other age groups.
Being a home owner can be a heavy meal on the pockets at times.... but hey I survived 10 yrs for a reason.......
yeah, I learned that lesson the hard way too
haven't read what Payton's suspension entails (off today) but if he truly can't affect his team, Brees & offense will suffer.
#icantdateagirl that doesn't have a vagina!!!
So I've been gone for awhile but I would love for 100 folks to #beware of #Autism tonight please follow
if you're facing the stage, we have the same left.
I know right :D
We are off to serve lunch with Colorado business #leaders at Lawrence St. Shelter!
Kuhn (): If one knows it's inevitable to die, it's not the immersion you need to cry; this comes from agency and surrender
Shopko had on sale RT : #Sadfact I still don't have a #packers cheesehead
Fuck it, I'm single. :)
Where is my beloved ?
Sounds like heaven! Can I come? Haha!
I know!!! It's been a while... How are you Leslie? :)
Someone has stretched his 15 minutes of fame a tad too far.
To see cover go to myspace.com/lilmeta or facebook.com lil meta
Those in EGO have a million reasons 4 "Why&Why not"! SPIRITualist listen then acknowledge "Hm..I never saw it that way. I'll take a look!"
Sorry for the MIA, but we're back & our #oneforone is back on track. Had some set-backs, but now it's time to Hop on board the do-good train
row boat and speed boat in one
Yes! RT : “: I'm so glad all the negative campaign ads will stop after the primaries today.” amen to that
If some of these Duke kids come back next year, they may truly have a shot.
My man getting on his tweet game!
I Believe I Can Fly is trending.....yes
how is your record on education? Milwaukee County & Wisconsin
Loved it on my old PC but when I got the new PC and installed the updated version on it I decided it kinda sucked
once again anybody want to be shouted out in my video
WHAT IS IT??
HOPE SO TOO!! RT : Also thanks to for hosting #sommchat. We hope to join you again sometime soon. Santé!
. is a great Windows Phone resource.
ikr...so this weekend need to stretch...
how she gone get mad because i wont talk to huh n she told me she like another nigga what kinda shit is dat u can't trust some females
I just cant wait for this school year to end!!!!
- FINALLY caught a glimpse of you! Was beginning to worry they'd save you for tomorrow!
Aww, why thank you;) Lol!!! I'm not sure why I put Niall' head on a Koala but hey YOLO.
ha, well it was my childhood ambition? but the movies i actually made as a child were REMARKABLY unpromising
agree agree and agree!!
fade away jump shot yelling Netflix!!
and trust me and listen wen i say some people are going to change
Flash splash intros : 2001 web pages :: Infographic content : 2012 web pages
Melody inn in Indianapolis, IN TONIGHT!
I'm sure im not number one but I'm still a big fan... :)
FYI ice cube wasn't from the streets his parents were professors at ucla. He just got together with nwa
why? Lol you want another new car that bad?
#SometimesIGetSickOf Not Having Enough Money For Everything I Want
Marilyn Horne is also at the Hollywood Bowl for Dudamel conducting "Turandot." Carmeggedon is breezy.
My father taught me never to take life too seriously and not to worry about things I can't change. Thanks Dad! I love you!
Satan loves me, i know
who hiring?
im gonna go now . ill talk to you later. bye , broseph.
I think today, I buy a pumpkin.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
Just looked one up and that sounds awesome.
This time last year I was riding home, miserable on the NYC subway. Man, life is amazing.
Us too.
Who else puts their blankets in the dryer to make them warm before you go to sleep? Just me? O.
#soschat tough week for NY educators - pls share about convention
before you judge someones life think about whats going on behind the scenes.
It's a picture day for a cruise.
Call it a curse or just call me blessed if you can't handle my worst you ain't getting my best hmmp! Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt*
I don't mess around with animals. If the poor thing hasn't eaten for days, call animal control or take it to the SPCA.
My porn star name is Peter Dinklage.
like what?? It's not ok to do that!! do you wanna talk about it?? <3
Baseball and Lax players are arguing lmao lames we all know football is the best sport!
"our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall". thank you fortune cookie.
That means my homework this wkend, in addition to grading, was to roast a chicken and shop for a tea dispenser. (Chai for Empire, of course)
“The worst thing about new books is that they keep us from reading the old ones.” – Joseph Joubert via
S/o to the haters
I'll DM you my office number - we have some limited research on the topic & have been receiving client inquiries on it too
Lunch at Gourmet Gourmet on Amelia Island, with Ang and the kiddies, just beautiful here.
i'm taken sorry.
last time I quoted my liberal clergy friends screamed hehe
Hey ms lady, how are you?
I forgot how cute he is ;-)
RT : Save the date...June 11th for the Mt. Pleasant music fest!
Ever make a paper boat? You'll get a chance to do that again at SECCA's Fri (4-27-12) opening of paperless. 7pm, refreshments, music.
I am interested in seeing the video.
Thanks fr the recent RT, Jeff!
I'm on unemployment, do promo gigs, and get requests for art. :)
are talking about this.... Holding page owners and agencies accountable.
William Davis~ The kind of humor I like is the thing that makes me laugh for seconds and think for minutes.
Any day is a good day as long as its not raining!
Thank you Robert, for the #FF!!
Did u decide on your zine theme?
Happy birthday to you, Jennifer!
I ride to work because then I begin & end my work day happy, guaranteed.
that's a legit snack bag.
I can't tell the difference between a Toby Keith and a Tim McGraw song. That's not a good thing, people.
less speaking. more drinking.
YES! RT : Facebook changes. Myspace didnt. Which 1 do you still use? Change is good. Stop complaining about FB changes!
Can't wait for it to be our time to shine tomorrow
America Pie Reunion.
Got a pitch today for a Mother's Day segment: "interested in featuring the Shake Weight as an affordable gift for mom?" Uh...well...
Happy Earth Month to you too! The free registration period is over, but you can register to become a lifetime member for only $35!
tag heuer watches professional price evaluation of watches with ...
Humiliated & Betrayed.... FML
I laughed so hard, I almost had an aneurysm. Next flick im renting is Horrible Bosses.
Good Luck on the start of your #HCG P2. :) If u have any questions, let us know. RT 3day on Hcg let's getting in
Im in Russell 205, come by.
Right. And Daisy ad aired only once.
Whn your lying to someone and you bestfriend agrees and catches on.
I miss having good times w/ my best friend ! I miss you girly
I'm following!! Follow back!
I did! just keep it there b/c it has awesome pictures and you can keep going back. it's really a coffee table book.
#smwhndbk Cross event
Good Morning at Kauffman and its our last day for the summer but i am leaving early for the graduation
"Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad"
ath. dept. accounting practices are more creative than Enron. Interpretations even worse. 4 example UK donates back $4 mil
ps. when are you moving? we need to plan a date before that happens! maybe material girls? warrenton?! va quilt museum?!
That's compared to last year's earthquake, and tsunami coverage. Deny ignorance.
totally -- check out this thought that backs this up: How you enter, is how you leave. Enter rejecting, leave the process...
What a rowdy bingo group today -- come and join them! 7916 SE Foster -- enter on 79th -- all community, all the time.
Did you tell her about the electronic strip search machines? ;-)
ha cus that's so true!
I come to find you and you're MIA? wah! Wine Wed FAIL.
will they provide the medications needed to get through that screening?
thanks mom! L❤ve you!!!
Good Morning!(:
great gig last night at La Jolla... tonight at The Tipping Point!! 7:00 to 10:00... come on down and join us!!
Idk what to do today:(
Just delivered a birthday cake to the cutest 2 year old I have ever met, just adorable :)
Going to Bowie super early for an 8 hour Mindfulness workshop for therapists. Hoping for some insights I can tweet for you, mindfully.
#TwitterlessDavidBrown his rats can't stay in they just fall out from the gay butt sex
i know u will be, wish u the Best n speedy recovery
Davis responds with a 10-0 run of its own, as Raymond Navarro hits back to back 3s. Davis leads 32-22 1 minute left 2Q."
i am a reason to smile lol
Are you the selkie In the whirlpool luring me To conversation?
The love for shoes is like the love for life because to walk the roads of life you have to wear shoes, make choices and take chances
Eff you chapter 8 on gastrointestinal diseases. EFF YOU!
This Guy said my car needs winshield wipers to pass #NYSinspection this is some bull $hit!!! Maybe i like Streaks!! Its Friday
follow me please
GO PACK GO!!!!! I <3 my Green & Gold!! Cancelled a date to watch the game. Touchdown already! It was a good call! He mustn't be the one. LOL
This chocolate diaper tastes like corn.
Did you know that recurrence of kidney stones is partially a result of poor hydration?
Hav yu eva made love tuh uh drug dealer.. she replied yes isaid NIGGA PLEASE IM HIGHER DEN DE FIRST CLASS WINDOW SEAT..YE..
Here comes the sun! Patio's good to go! We got lunch and drink specials all the live long day!
we can take the local and you can get off in yonkers on the way back and ill just get scooped
Weird dream last night. A mashup of a "Community" episode and the new "Chernobyl Diaries" movie. Abed saves the day in the end.
All is great! Mad OB busy but that is good! You? How is life post IK-12?
-gasp- theres no Nando's in San Antonio
Shouldn't he be wearing a beret?lol
RT The purpose of a good education is not to change minds, but to open them.
when did you go to FAMU bro?
I deleted my fb page.
Missed you girls!! P.S. Saw you were 6th grade chair of Conrad's immense PTA - lurve!
looks like the two big memes of 2011 are going to be "ninjas" and "clouds"
RT : I see.. said the blind man.. to his deaf wife..
Make sure you compliment someone today. It makes you and them feel good. You guys are all awesome.
Viola Davis
I love you so much! Why can't you just realize this!<\3
Los Angeles, CA United States
i mean thought
I do not feel like gettin outta bed today...
Are you doing anything fun this weekend?
"Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it." — Dwight D. Eisenhower
Meat isn’t necessary, but it does make the job easier
You can grab our number from the bottom of the website. Let us know if you need anything.
I had to do something with my dad LOL
playing on the comp.
Done with #hicss talk and got lots of valuable feedback/comments
Guys someone bring me food, I'd love you forever 😚
great job on The Game!!!! Congrats!!
And That's my dog. Point em out Point em out!
Working on the new site, looking to launch this Thursday!
Why haven't the rest of the Magic, not Howard, played like this in the first four games? Teach em son
aw thanks love! :D
Kindness goes a long way.
Looking fwd 2 it RT : "People want to engage in community but struggle w where,” says provides an opp
Single mothers always assume they have the hardest time. Try being a
well done!!
When you trying to bubble, don't pop
who coming back?
It all started a group of us friends in college now its jus me n my snooki
I'm Excited. Youhh Followed Me!!. HeHe. You're So Nice!. And Pretty Jussayin'!. (NoHomo)
so excited about the new happy hour menu at Mr. B's. The new menu looks fab
Beastie Boys but not in the RnR HoF? travesty!
What the hell timezone is Midlandia in???
#Saints knew exactly what was coming..look at all the positions they been filling
" Anything that is measured and watched, improves. " -Bob Parsons, founder, Go Daddy
please help #ArianaDidAmazing trend:)? Tell others
you guys havents one a playoff game since the first american idol lmao and the "8th" seed is playin better than u guys
Not surprised Hollie got voted off. She has been very inconsistent and her second song last night was pretty bad. Love this top 3.
Right next to the stage in 105 :D Xx
Congratulations! I won't be at ALA but look forward to catching up with you at ACRL next year.
Chapter 2012 Page 115 of 366 The Power of Delegation...Priceless
We all have that guy in our school who is so sexy.
“There are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.” ~ Thomas Edison – Take risks, make a difference.
In the midst of the work/home/baby/kids/spouse frenzy, take one minute of quiet time for yourself. It will be a little gift.
follow back please:9
Nightmares so I couldn't sleep so I'm strapped down through the weekend , my mask on like I'm trick or treatin
lol that too, I've given up on homework 
....and the whole building lost power, guess that means its lunchtime?
I will miss his kisses. <3
hes gonna be an nba playaaa one day ! lol im gunna be the bitch regreting braking up with him lmao
Frustrated, but this phrase on mind mind and making me laugh : "3 am, we have to stop meeting like this. I'd much rather sleep with you."
Roasting marshmallows :)
what a great service you offer. glad you found me and i found you. have two great days!!
RT Is anyone else dreaming of a refreshing glass of VeuveClicquot to make up for this #heatwave? Yes & it's a recurring dream
look at my last tweet
We have a killer black bean vegan sandwich...
My baby Zooey deschanel was on the new I-Phone 4s Commercial :)
It's 8pm! Where are you??
#ithoughtyoulookedgood egg, dairy, and nut free chocolate chip cookies. Now my cookie jar is empty.
Billboard in N. ALabama: 'Healthcare - Never vote for a democrat.' (with c in healthcare as a hammer & sickle)
Randy Housers bus caught on fire! Oh no! glad he's ok!!
Which is correct: A colonoscopy is not for the faint of heart, or a colonoscopy is not for the faint at heart?
Party all night like animals, wake up feeling like road kill
Verses episode 2.... 2 words... OMG ZACH!!!! Only you hahahaha
and when u coming back
FREE HUGS! Take one and pass it on! (Proceeds go to benefit World Peace.) <3
What a long and productive day. Time for bed now tho. I'll do more shit tomorrow. Fuck yah!! Night, sexies!!
Don't assume resistance means you are on the wrong path; it can be proof you are headed in exactly the right direction.
So.. Sleeping, School. Then eating. Then singing. Lol. <---- My day tomorrow (x
Henry VI haunts Windsor Castle. (Or at least that's what I've heard.)
Spend almost entire day with my little nephew! What a smart and cool kid!
my sauce is weak?
When some busts out a #PowerPoint, it's pretty much a guarantee I'm going to be bored out of my mind.
On my way home.
I just want revenge. Is that so wrong?
your welcome Megan:)
are you sure???
Only 26 days until #Famous ! Are you as excited as I am?!
follow back :) ?
All I want is more sleep...
@ TCR playing tennis with couple of investors!
Why is it that as small as our planet is (jets) 25,000,000 children can suffer while we go about our daily lives as if they didn't exist?
no I'm pretty sure I'm going to have to make a scene!
trust I'm a goon!:)
I support you putting mc on your wedding registry!
Hmm...I may need to look into that. I think I'd get bored if I had to do it 40 hours a week, but maybe on the side?
Uncool. My #Aztecs can't fall to the New Mexico Bobos. Can't happen. Please. No. Jamaal....save us...
I would love to have an app that allows me to see what other train passengers are listening to
Not a problem ....And you just be mine...
Nothing will match my room
#FF& thanks for the mentions
The forecast in Branded Intros calls 4 Sunny! New Sunny Sweeney "Drink Myself Single" is up on
most projections I saw figured about .260, 20 HRs, 80 RBIs. not an all-star, but certainly valuable.
nice piece - thanks Jill !
