im geeking out over here
No ones gonna cry on the very day you die. You're a bully.
Outside laying in the sun for gym. Most beautiful day ever I'm so excited for this summer<3 #perfection ?
Is there any bigger joke than BCS Football? #OhioState 's Pryor&5 other 'mates latest suspended for benefits. No playoff system. $$ > edu.
Happy #Halloween from #SanDiego! The sun is shining on !
i straight cried reading the pic on the tagge 12s website
Canelo Alvarez u doing your thing this is why Mosley bump your head cause he scare #ppv #MGM #las Vegas
I'm telling you, he needs and extension, and an e-mail address!
“: your account is sending spam messages.” I got one from you too
My brother is such a spaze. 😂
Sometimes, doing something outrageous & dangerous could be the best option when your world feels as if it's crashing down.
I don't think Spotify will work over there. You should go to Laneways, though, M83 and SBTRKT will both be there!
Thanks for the retweets! Hope to see you there!
Finally got my 1st round of golf in yesterday
pick up a copy of this weekend for the July 12th meeting of the author, will be in attendance.
Thanks dude!! I knew it was your first show, but not about the BF thing. Oh well, at least you had a good time LOL
Crap! I really wanted that glove! LOL.
having a fantastic food tasting and shooting for the new website. Pocs coming soon!
Now celebrating our wins...at the Outback:)
Thank you! I so appreciate that! Keep holding on to God's word...
Making my hangover go away thank you
Saturday afternoons are great self maintenance time! Massages reduce the heart rate and lower blood pressure. Take time for yourself!
In fact I think they should do a remake with Billy Joel singing the theme song. You got a problem?
Great food is like great sex. The more you have the more you want
Just want to thank everyone who came out to the huntington arts fair, we really had too much fun!
Not worrying about it til it happens 😃😊👍
I wonder if will peform #yourgirldoesparty on the Mickey Avalon summer tour? 😍
Thank you Anthony. Hope you are well. Have a great Week! XOXOXO
I am a certified bonafied chubbychaser
Most definitely! I taste a glass of wine & feel a hot bath in my future! ": GRANDMA'S RULE......"
Setting up Twitter
Sebastian's Restaurant in Caledonia, WI (Best Restaurant EVER), just added Strauss Lamb Chops back on their menu!!
Going to be Good!
think about it: do u think Mike Tomlin, Raheem Morris, Marvin Lewis, Lovie Smith would've even gotten interviews back then?
rt A diva is someone who is a perfectionist, who does her best in her craft.
Awe that's so good to hear! =)
we wanna connect with u and inspire youth to be safe sex superheroes!
A tremendously creative person with a flair for parody accounts could, say, create
Fireball Shots?
Just found out that the in between towel is called a "hand towel". Yes, my woman informed me (shrug life)
You're the man :)
BUT Vinny hasn't been as bad as people think he is as a coach and #imnotevenjoking about that statement!
does MobileIron work with all #PKIsolutions ?
Improv 4 Kids has a matinee show today (saturday) at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center.
Friday once again..... everyone have a great weekend...
“: I bet women who can orgasm when they masturbate don't need sleeping pills.” Nope.
Fun ass day with allyssa and John. <3
Thank you both so much for your help! I am really grateful! U both get bonus karma! (at least in my mind U do)!
Five more days until show!!! Can't wait to meet all the other vendors!
No one in SD can come close to 's grip on politics! I watch to be informed and stay on top of my desk game! :)
What happened to Brangelina?
RT In peace there is great positive power. Let peace be, and let it come through you.
just keep running and you'll see plenty of 'em. :)
AHAHAHA. Please take a picture that you deem beautiful so that you can inspire me to study harder. xoxoxo
Big up to those that came out to my show last night. Big up to amber rose for showing love thx
shit i need to bring up my grade in world geo and world history... my mom's going to kill me.
yeah me too
Ok, Dean too.
A co-worker is speaking Spanish on the phone. I think he's ordering Chinese. I'm not sure because I don't speak Spanish or Chinese.
Wish I could wish you the best.
co-hosting the MTV new year show! :) bro tried changing the channel to mess with me and I screamed at him.
Cocaine?! Where?!
T Jones getting saluted like an army general! I love it!
on conferences/committees: these incur incredible expense, involve too much talking, and way too much tension...
NFL owners & players may have signed a new CBA, but I've never seen tensions higher between league/owners & current players/retired players
#smcrva approach #socialmedia like writing a tv pilot: what's the plot? Be succinct
I tried shoving a pen up my cat's vagina and she left, bed time for Bryan :)
Awesome! I love how visual #Kanban is.
At on hwy and greenfield - I guess the burger king right by here was robbed minutes ago? Dang
#WI lost more jobs (9700) last month than ANY other state. Hows that #walker reform work en for ya Wake up!
In this case the cynic is correct.
Are people still able to see the #kodm live feed? Heard from at least one person that it isn't working.
mommy && grandma had a wonderful #MothersDayToday and thats all that matter that they enjoyed there day! :)
What do people use instead?
The fact that there has been so much talk about Reggie Evans in a big NBA Playoff game.
Yo I thought you were gonna start spinning some local songs on ??
Short sighted too.
Sucks to see Tebow go after that magical run we had, but Peyton Manning's not a bad consolation prize :)
Girls are a pain in the A$$ but I gotta love them!
Thank you for another fun filled evening of Mozart via !
LET IT BREATHE, TELL MY ANGELS "STAY CALM"
I'm trying to understand the space. What other open source platforms are comparable to CKAN? Thanks!
and same thing with OKC/LAL
yeah by belmont w/
If I wanted to sit through a 3 1/2-hour disaster in 3D, I'd watch a Redsox game.
Money Matters: Parents can provide basic finance lessons for teens
A TRUE FAMILY AIN'T PERFECT ALL THE TIME!!! ALL LOVE AND ALL IN. JOWAYNE
Skipped nap btwn feedings to get stuff done.Wrapped V-day present for , but still haven't checked email.11 days and counting!...
I wish I could fall asleep early for once
"But you held my hand [and] You took me right back down to hell"
Half of the Chipley High School student body is responsible for why I hate the human race.
#sfopen - Herrera answers "breakdown silos" and start dept for innovation. wants 1.0 version with mgmt tie back.
Of course! My predictions for it will be up on tomorrow! #CheapPlug. Feel free to send yours in as well!
Donald is safe.
looking forward to date night with Ryan: Dinner and Les Miserables!
awesome show guys in NYC. I was blown away!!!
Yikes your sweet (: Thank you so much !
If I had to total it all up, I guess I do have more credits than debits in my life. - Paul Newman
when are we going to get it that the jig is up; the joke's on us; that our way forward is not Democrat or Republican?
Congrats on the bake off win!
The moon right now  >>>
Heard the thunder here over the game on the tv's!
Can I hit it in the morning ?
Report filed with Federal Trade Commission on Equifax bad practices. Most of the 99% doesn't have time for this nonsense.
Stay on your grind
Happy Birthday brotha! Keep making great music :)
I needa listen to my mom more, she's always right...especially about females
Are you in the office? Because I can tear you a piece of my little sandwich if so.
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
Accountants looking to go paperless? How about an imprinted USB Flash Drive for your clients tax returns?
got my fix today of J.O. ! Thank you! When are you coming to Hollywood?
My Car's smoking again...
Love live life ,,, so cliche but so so tru
bet that's was good, what els you got going on til then
yup, says VA right on there. Blind
that's next!
out for the day :)
Ditto. I propose that we have half days on Monday. Getting up when it's still dark out on a Monday morning should be illegal.
LA Clippers Lets go!
Well said.
#fridayreads How lovely - Envy you getting to read it for 1st time. Nesbit is one of the all-time greats!
A Customer just went off on me in the most professional way lol
Tomorrow should be a different kind of work day done with training and hopefully they'll keep new on first shift hours
Comedy club #ff plus lots more
RTRTRT : I miss omg
I have been sleeping so much this past week! I think my body's just catching up to all the work I'm doing :)
Two more incredible prizes coming up. Be sure to follow on twitter to be eligible!
West Campus. I can take items there for you if it's inconvenient!
IM WATCHIN EVEYDAY SEEING HOW TO PREFECT MY CRAFT. FROM WILD OUT WEDNESDAYS..TO FREESTYLE FRIDAYS. CRITICING EVERY ARTIST
: Don't think we haven't talked about it--help us find someone local to organize!
It looks like I will be getting in the building:-)
Thanks Kris! I was given a good start!
As a Royals fan I feel I can't argue any calls at 1st base
tons of races I want to do this summer - any other good ones?
lol u ain't been doin nothing. Lucky ass
Thanks! RT : #FemTrailblazer For being one of the many excellent speakers on legal issues,
who needs it. Sleeping is overrated lol.
ok, the last Draw Something was by my friend Lynn who is pleading because she's never done it before!
meeting up at knight fdtn booth now, deciding food options . where u?
You're #MyWish . Follow me, never change! I love u so much! You're incredible, I want cry when i hear your songs kisses 1. *-*
My Adele concert dvd just arrived , watching now , not taking calls our texts ...
I see that alot all over Downtown Orlando. Shits a mindfuck
wow! good luck
ya if you don't know this guy you should... Top in a lot of majors this year including top 8 at final round
Happy 4th of July! Going to the beach for some all day fun & fireworks!:D
hey today get 20% off @ bdw
Lifes Purpose is to grow, evolve, and expand. Make this your Purpose and life must support you. -- Kristopher Raphael ()
Spring is in the Air and now is the prefect time to paint your home before summer arrives.Interior/Exterior painting we do it all.
Anyone know how to get a ticket to the Tweet Up at #mlanet12 ??
Did you know that most Automatic Transmission hold 10+ quarts of fluid. During a regular pan drop service only 4-5 quarts are changed!
iT NEVER FAiLS...⚠
#RedHotChiliPeppers were amazing last night #Classic #Brilliant #Ridiculous #Fantastic -- at the
A million thanks to our friends for graciously hosting the meetup last night!
Send me a pvt email () and let's discuss your brickwall offline. K?
Twitter just suggested I don't go follow myself. Smart!
For all of the Mother's and those who provide Motherly care: Happy Mother's Day.
Driving in Fox Point on a warm Spring evening is like a real-live drivers ed simulation.
Kirkus, good source for book apps. Patron suggestions and various sources.
oh my goshh screw those WTP's !
Sorry! We've been working on it all night and expect it to be back up very soon. We will behead the responsible party soon!
Need to workout today but planet fitness stupid ass wanna be closed after 9 on weekends -___-
thanks for FF
All I want to do is go home and unpack my new apt. I think I'm addicted to decorating.
Stay tuned for the next big thing in the nati on Tuesdays is comin soon.
#Thankful for spanx tights.
No one is perfect that is why pencils have erasers
Whoa...did I just see semi-trailers flying through the Texas sky? Stay safe Texans, your newest tornado is not playing nice....
m meat.
great Ebook! Thanks for sharing.
Knowing what to do is one thing, doing what you know is "everything" otherwise, what you know means nothing.
Watching The Lion King :D
that's my point....
Jealous. . .Where's my Christmas present mutha fuckas!!!!!!
♥ Dream on. Dream on. Dream on. Dream until your dreams come true ♥
"i told my mom i want to get locked in a room with " only us
“: i miss you too” Um who the fuck are you? ..
high ass fuck already I'm lovin it
i need to back a tumblr!
#Pisces are extremely talented
Chaka Khan's music ALWAYS does the trick. :--)
I'm about to save so much money so I can start traveling with my monkey.
You tweeted something about tickets right after I did!!
RT : client is looking for expert in sterilization of disposable medical devices. Contact: 800-344-2623
Hm ok. I'll throw that in the magic hat of infinite Sunday possibilities. Thanks! :-)
25 more days of school... I can do this.
Only one more min. left..... RememberTrust
Cool! Coconut chip is now part of the regular flavors :)
Hunchback Assignments is on my to-read pile too. Let me know how it is when you get to it!
Spend your Summer vacation with us, please!
we r going at 4:40 to southside IMAX. U can come if u want.
I wonder if will ever notice me. Maybe im just invisble to him? Cody you should reply or DM me so i know <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ENJOY THIS BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!!!!!
For sure! I play under cakeparty :P
#HIMSS (healthcare IT) S FL conference in full swing Great info Hats off to Prez Jim McKeen & Prez elect Anita Wilson
nigga saw #mentionyourcrush and jumped back on facebook.
thanks for the ff!!!
Happy Christmas and Merry New Year!!!!!! Go Noles!
Been a tough 37 mins to watch
The highest temperature ever recorded was in Aziziyah, Libya in 1992. It was 136°F in the shade!
If its good, it's wonderful. If its bad, it's experience. #noregrets👌
#whosgonnalose - Rose Bowl (Update) - moved to tie vote
Who wants to get noticed by ? THIS GIRL! please:(...
Be It Unto You According To Your Faith! Hold Strong To The CONFESSION Of Your Faith! As A Man THINKS In His Heart So Is He!
Why is Pluto a pet? While goofy and Donald talk?
Slide to left ! Slide to the right ! Two hops this time ! Reverse reverse !
Anyone at Mr Fest? We play Vodka Street at 7:30
Society of Southwestern Archivists! In beautiful...Little Rock. At the hotel w/ ducks in the indoor fountain, so that's cool.
I love the tropics so much I even get their diseases in the northern latitudes. Go figure
I fucking hate college
True, everyone needs to find what works for them and not try to copy what works for others.
#AATC press panel "What's Hot?"… (surprised?) #mobile #bigdata … local, social, mobile startups are everywhere
I gotta get shots fired back at the haters earlier. I mean 30 points? That's like a Bobcats game.
Merry Christmas From the folks from Anytime Fitness! Hope you had a great one!
Oh wait. Really??? I heard it was canceled. If I am wrong I AM SO HAPPY!
hittin up the beach in MIA
Awesome! Do you just want me to email them to you?
Yow va dodo O:
BRAT diet?
Today I'm going to talk about words I love. Canards.
Got my car back! ☺
I'd slap you , but i don't wanna get slut on my hand.
Nice chilly, still day for disking!
My new travel coffee mug leaks! Ugh Mondays
Ha! RT : Sleeping alone=sheets don't need to be washed as often, just sleep on the other side! I'm a genius! A lazy, genius!
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates. #HellOfADeal visit Smitty, Lori, Dan & Robert.
i miss going to Central :/ Center was cool but NEVER cracking.
Istanbul conference back on after dust settles - will be presenting on our work in hybrid interface and artforms
thanks buddy but didnt work as supposedly "exceeded capacity". Sigh
building our list of people who want to test the site... Lets hear from you if youre interested!!
dude.. prty sure you scared th crap outta the folks on 'morning cup of joe' i was crackin up! keep #winning!
if I knew what that meant...
Twitter Twitter Twitter....
how did you find him?!
New studio is built. New music on the way. Yessirrrr
they are all a&r also
Police loaded William Garros into a van at #occupysd. Garros slowly spelled his name over and over for a camerawoman as police searched him.
okayy = I don't care k = i'm pissed so fuck off bitch
is integrated in almost every social web app on Earth. #truestory Also, I work inside Mailchimp on a daily basis.
My favorite business book is Million Dollar Consulting by Alan Weiss. It will put big money in your pocket.
Listening to/watching Adam Gopnik interview Nigella Lawson at the 92nd St Y
Highlight of San Diego so far: watching a cab driver clean his teeth with his grocery store rewards card.
I want Austin to grow out his curls, omfg!
I feel like shit. I wish I had the confidence to feel like I was good enough.
Those are my favorite!! Spicy, warm and delicious RT : My new way to kick an impending cold: Dan Dan Noodles.
I met Philip Glass and heard rock out at the Not a bad birthday, at all!
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. -Gandhi
Well anyways cant wait to see my bestfriend this weekend
LIL BOOSIE IS OUT OF JAIL?!
Possible to get reviews for US only?
Mike Clark quartet groovin at Bears Place!!
RT : RT : #MMG Press Conference is about to go down... Our guess is that is signing with Cash Money.
A Dragonflies average lifespan is just 24 hours! At least they can get out of doing the chores by saying they will do them tomorrow!
I haven't been this impressed by technology in a while
Cookies are done! Yummy :)
I'm tired!!! But can't sleep
lets take the train to Boston Saturday morning!
Jennifer Lopez telling Phillip Phillips he made that song his own makes me want to show her a Dave Matthews video.
Funny Penn Badgley walking behind me on the east vill. carrying a guitar looks more like Dan Humphrey on the books than the dan on the show
Due in large part to the fact that he didn't fight wars off the books, as you allowed Bush to do
Oh yeah, poor Meryl. That lady gets nothing.
Thank you!!!
never say never!
a championship decided upon 60 min just feels so hollow
started with math (grades 3-8); now testing reading lessons.
y i gotta b on "stuff" 2 luv u, hehehe!?
JJ Watt roughing penalty might be the worst call of all time..
+1 he gets on my damn nerves.
lol yup I sure am
Thanks for the retweets. Have a great weekend!
Furry Friday. I think we need to come up with fun names for every day! Today is Sleepin' in Saturday. Graduation last night you know!
Have you been in lately to enjoy our strains? Stop in and see us open till 7! Just a short drive down Federal! :D
yes! instant party right!? "fuck this test" says the college students "lets get fucked up"
Don't be afraid to make mistakes. Be afraid of not learning from them.
Next up is from my very own New York City bus. These guys are awesome! Getting real traction right here in Austin.
I can always use a friendly kick in the pants. ;)
What if Lil' Wayne did a Carter Family tribute album?
“ "Cook your own meal with James Toland @ Black Sheep, get 20 percent off your bill." Ha. Bye bye Black Sheep
In USA (California) Its 9:35 PM. What time is it where u r?? Howd u just wake up. im gonna sleep. Lol
I love you :)
brock huard wants conference challenges like cbb..... them schools wont go for that crap, especially SEC. UF dont like traveling.
Birthday fun with #shesthe best
Check out the Alzheimer's Association display at Kittle's Furniture in Castleton if you're doing some last-minute shopping!
please please follow me i ve been a fan since u were on youtube please follow!!! thsnks!!!
This summer might not be so bad after all!!
yess! lol I didn't realize you had one though..
hi, miss you
I like DW , but this is his last year in MIA
love the work you do for foodista!
. Season 8 reminded me of the intro to Swiss Family Robinson, except they all slowly drown in a miasma of despair afterwards.
yep she's the apple of this daddy's eye!
#theawkwardmomentwhen someone way more awkward than you is in a relationship and you're still single :(
Tweet me for a "to be honest..."
I will be snuggling him tout de suite!!
We will be closed Sunday & Monday next week, call for appointments if you want to get in before Labor Day!
the books are amazing and the TV show has done a great job adapting them
I really am craving some more of that chai tea you make! And I heard you weren't feeling well :( I'm sorry! Let me know if you..
Today is the first day of 's Making Connections effort. Enjoy 3x the interactions and dolphin access all day.
nice u should show it to me
you bet! good luck Liz.
IM BOUT TO DROP THAT MARVINS ROOM (freestyle) in the Next Hour w/ Chris Brown an Drake Verses on It
That name fucking follows me.
#PeopleNeedToStop what they are doing and commit a kind act for someone else :)
Hi! I am being well fed, thank you. Rosie Black Cat - Paddy Black Cat - am I looking into a mirror? MOL!
You're always making gourmet baked goods! You must share your secrets Jedi cake master!
Well first break is over back to work cant wait till 7:30
Why does do it yourself dinner night always involve me making a pizza crust for my 14yo? I'm doing something wrong.
I saw them in concert :p
Is #Madison as cold as #Milwaukee this morning?
Was just thinking that myself! RT : These announcers are reading my tweets.
YVW, good morning & thanks for the info :)
Bryan Baxter,David Bizzaro,Tate James,Joe Casey,Alan Novey,Dave Hanon,Jayson Lewis,Nathan Poppe,Brandon Bales & Shelby Stong THANK YOU!
Kansas sucks. So many missed opportunities. They didn't deserve to be in the final game.
9pm west coast time.
Goal of the Day: Burgers and dogs are great, but two burgers and two dogs are too much. Think about quantity this wknd and enjoy your 4th!
Seahawks will be waiving Rookie 7th round pick Pep Levingston today after making roster moves with waiver claims. #business ofNFL
Head down arse up today, nothing like killing a few brain cells in preparation for epic day on the bike #noprisoners today - sic em!
stupid rules!!
Something is wrong with usa she has fallen and can'nt get up .america must stand for something or fall for anything ..sad but true...:-(
I believe the girl she played with had scored one of her holes wrong and it was too late after Inglis signed off her card.
Poetry is a big part of who I am. For starters, if you want to know about me, turn to Whitman, Muir, Neruda & J. Jordan.
#bitches love me
Get to meet and
Been shooting for 2 days... one more to go!
Well, I was cheering for Michigan until I saw that obnoxious Spartan tears sign! Go VT
I've got 30 CDs to give away find me if you don't have one.
My coffee coolata >>>>
Shopping for the wknd company. RT : Hi Girls! What's happening with all of you today? Big plans?
You talk shit bout me yet you're worst.
Angel house health tip: Plants such as ferns, dracaenas and philodendrons naturally filter many allergens from the air. Fresh air, ahh!
spins every THURSDAY NIGHT @ IMBIBE in Nob Hill! 9pm-Close! #Albuquerque #Nightlife!!
And this series is gon be epic...2nd2none
My puppies love going get there hair done.
I felt I should tell you that I'm making chocolate chip cookies this week.
thanks for the RT!
Up got to find something to do today
damn still not in twitter jail
Hey #Mom / moms: how do U get yr tot 2 not look 2 U as entertainment all the time? lk when ur trying 2 make dinner?
- Trusted him with everything, Never hold back anything, thought we'd be together for the rest of our lives.</3
Did you still want to grab lunch this week?
Pissed off as soon as the 2010 packers are coming on....complete signal loss...damn satellite
RE: Walter Payton book - do we stop publishing biographies about dead historical figures now too? It's always about money sadly
I don't want to die in room 11.5 .Don't you know I'm already stressed here in room 10.6 . What do you want? Do you want to kill me or what?!
may be true, but we *think* we might know who you were talking about. She expertly ended the session.
WOOT! New office space secure. Meeting contractors later to bend space to my will.
how you doing? Sorry about DRose being out and the Bulls under the weather.
Easter Egg jar candle by PartyLite in Strawberry Rhubarb Just $10 Reg 22.95. Limited supply
ah how much r u wigging right now? Come on
We offer 10% off to teachers for cell phones, accessories, repairs. They just need to say Twitter/FB sent them.
and the state of the entire state, no less.
Woo. Now Go Kings!!!!
Lol Dan! Not! You and Neige should come to Mnpls for a visit soon.
hehe :P gotcha.. Now where are you?? still on school??
Slime & all, Justin Bieber can have my kids anydayyyyyy.
All the girls in the world , thats going through it with me Say Yeah , Yeah (Yeah Yeah)
About to watch The Lucky One with Beth! <AB
LMAO at when I ripped Khrystal's shirt :b
kind of glossed over the absurdity of that tuck rule call. And if you think it's hard being a Pats fan try being a Raiders fan
Could the Messiah already be here? Zechariah: "These are the two messiahs that stand before the Lord of the earth."
Im hungry DAB
#Teachers there's still time to enter the #bike giveaway from ! Enter this week at the free store for a classroom set of bikes!
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
hey if ur gonna text me don't cuz the app isn't working so I'm gonna delete it so hmu here
Outpost for Contemporary Art hosts temp installation of work by Bowers & Koumoundouros starts in a bit, 6-9 PM TONIGHT Come check it out!
don't ever lose hope<3 plan harry will go in action at a 1D concert(:
What beat should we do a remix to ?! #TeamFLY give us ideas!
Yes, #JimmyHoward!! Keep making saves like that!
Too often, this is the type of #misbehavior #children are learning. Does it reflect acceptance of #violence in our culture?
you're a thunder fan!!! Thunder up!!!
So freakn tired, i'll never have another 815
Tune in to NY1's tonight at 7pm & 10pm - I'll be talking about my campaign to reform the City's broken Stop & Frisk policy
All Black Party @ Brooklyn Express in Fayetteville this friday hmu 4 details 9104947955
thanks for the follow!
Have a great time. I hope it's a wonderful day :)
thanxx... Who do u like out of mb?? and wanna be my twifey???
Wagers report some workers in Central VA got raises. Bosses cited "That #LivingWage stuff that's been going on."
Music is all i need to keep me. No time for anything else. Just got okay with that, lol.
Did you know: the definition of " natural " isn't regulated by law ( except on meat labels ).
Of course, the moment I nip out for a smoko, KP loses his wicket.
even presenting the game ball, D.Rose was still looking like -_-
lmao i try to tune out but then i come back to reality and get aggrevated again
Are you guys playing at CMA fest? I really want to meet/see you guys!!! I'm in love with your music!
monday you should give a shout out to
Also, the hot tap water you fill to the score line, not all the way up like the cold water.
I'm no more good, I was already sleepy now my tummy full of delicious chocolate covered strawberries that the boo got for me.
Yeah the 5th anniversary.
&Niall was raised by leprechauns so he wont ever grow(: xx
We cool now.
whose that?
Dignity is not negotiable. Dignity is the honor of the family.
I don't want to even go to school anymore and see him. Not that I ever do.
My prayer is being answered but not in the way I expected...
I wanted to thank you for your fast feedback!
I got a LOT done at my place last night. Thanks to my mom, step dad, and aunt:-)
how many were as attractive and famous as Bomer tho? I'd be impressed if one was. Was one Mark McGrath? :x
that might be. I am willing to give anything a shot right now
Thank you, Layton!
it's a gorgeous place! i got a chance to visit this summer & already miss it!
‎. im always lost for words when someone mentions your name . :))
I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book. ~ Groucho Marx
me and my little brother walking on campus lookin like bosses 😏
u know what ,after all this shit I was doing ,u the realist,nigga,I know,I should of never,doubt u,,my bag ,now I know.
Just a fever so far, but you never know what the next hour will bring. And prayers to you and your wife. Been there.
you wanna go? It's at Waffle Shop on Highland soon, I was gonna meet some friends there. Pets do it.
Who will be pick 25 for our beloved Denver Broncos?
I'm gonna go to bed someone pls wish my a good night i would love that<3
it's deleted or something because f fox...
Welcome to the other 3 o'clock.
Matthew 11:28 Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
We're not talking about going onto the field to interfere. We're talking about a ball in the stands. And those fans parted like the Red Sea.
Class of 2012: Come back to all our alumni events & come back to Homecoming where we'll be kicking off the student center expansion.
Is pretty sure I drank my weight in Txakoli last night.
Ok, text in your Acoustic Thursdays open mic name & number on the list. Gonna be a beautiful night and great vibes. 410-916-4473 Peace
Damn it Juan Monaco!
Good afternoon..
get it
Want a personal or business website? This week's special. Complete website completed in 5 days. Starting at $300. DM if you are interested!!
In a meeting where once again the technology is not seamless between Mac & PC & voice & IP. This shouldn't be so hard!
Made some chocolate dipped cream puffs for my girl today.
Travelzoo is offering $28 tix to Fela! It was excellent on Broadway - anyone interested?
Y'all be on the lookout for a talented artist he's super nice with it!
haha Not precisely, I'm a lady lmfao
“: I included you in my #Gifts for those with #Fibromyalgia < GREAT idea! They will ❤u for it!!
congrats to Sebasticook Valley Health for getting #PCMH recognition for all 3 practices!
At least we're not in diapers. Yet.
3) cover them in room temp. oil; 4) put heat between medium & medium high. THAT'S IT. just stir them after 5-10 mins so they don't stick
macadellic in the system, back at soon
#LesMiles looks like he wants a strong drink and a #blauljoub from a #BourBonStreetWhore after his #pisspoorperformance tonight!!!
Anyone interested in a case of ProPenn racquetballs for $25? Check out the charity auction with some INCREDIBLE deals!!!...
personally would rather see Nathan Gunn shirtless than Chita Rivera, but that's just me.
True, but It would be awesome, I'd just ignore them, talk to R.S. and then get laid at the end of dinner. PERFECTO !!
Please follow my other account :)
that is how it works, beba! The universe is always conspiring in out favor <3
Heading to Frankfort, KY to present findings on Owensboro Event Center and Hampton Inn.
Well respected well protected.
wow! she is the chef @ the darby too!
Ladies, you are all looking mighty fine today.
hey since mine and hannahs birthday is on november 10th do u tink u could say happy birthday Please
"Hey, my book is set in 12th Century London. That's a city, right? So that makes it urban!"
hey wats up how are you doing
Sorry, couldn't make the chat yesterday.
How can one be a good "phone girlfriend"?
": Saying a word over and over again .. Until it doesn't even sound normal anymore."
Off to yoga to offset the anxiety I am curently experiencing as a result of the price I just paid for my ticket to fla for Christmas!
We are in Manhattan Beach again today on the strand!!! Come and get hydrated after a night of partying!!!
Oh, tell me more! I need tips!
No matter your opinion on #edreform, you should support #healthyhomework. RT : Ask to adopt #healthyhomework guidelines!
duck confit spring rolls. Can I pre-order 100 orders and save in a box just for me?
I'll be over at tonight's UNLV game. Will keep an eye out for you.
Turning the exam paper before it starts because you're a fearless bastard.
I hate you.. I hate you so much.:'(
Only in the background. The best character work I've ever done............
not gonna lie. has been a sleeping burrito of cuteness since 6:30pm.
thanks aaron. great chatting. ttys
got you next time playboy!
lol we can set something up
Very cool much appreciated!
A7 #likeable: great content Can't pinpoint 1 #unlikeable,"broadcasters" in general
Happy Anniversary!! Do you have minions at your new job? If not you should get some. Minions are fun to boss around.
yes, must have good writers!
If ya still wanna kiss it, then nigga come and get it
I figured it would be responsive based on their promise of consistent UX across all platforms.
You know I still can't believe we both did some things I don't even wanna think about.
is my bestest friend in the whole wide world
Well, this is just sounding better and better! Does this badass have a name? Thank you for even thinking of me, by the way!
I'm sorry St. Patrick, but if these green morons swarming the city are any indicator, you must be an asshole.
you getting a,car?
center for rehearsal of Vatzlav.
Rex Grossman is the George Bush of NFL quarterbacks.
In a court of law,proof is required for prosecution.From what I've heard,the story Goodell is working from has more holes in it...
That'd be awesome. You could also have companion beers just for beer chaser use.
oh wow so you won't get there till 3pm or so well that's cool if you see us say HI
Was on hold for 35 min with best buy before I hung up. And they wonder why they are losing market share. Good riddance to crappy retailers!
shirt today(:
oh come on man. I will be watching the horns with curiosity.
This Saturday! It's your chance to hear the songs first. Anthony Barrilla & his band will perform at @ 1pm.
EXCELLENT! We'll be there and just learned that our pal & musician extraordinarire will also speak!
I would never skip our lunch dates :)
Party Buses from #UNT #TWU on deck for
Come on girl you need more motivation to clean! No cookout for you if you don't get this done
Hahaha <3 Another words, right here!
and who (best) explains what the artifact is?
i can't wait to watch it ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
Adele's voice is sOo amazing she sounds better live thn in cd
Marshall's drama!
Oh you'll know if I don't like you trust me no matter who you are if I don't like you your gunna know.
Let everyone know about the 50% off Nevaeh Medispa on www.crowdclick.com! Tis the season!
Sneaky pic! I like it
thats fine we can make that happen ...
Such a day
ha! I love it! A twinja:) perfect!
Be active for at least 2½ hours a week. Include activities that raise your breathing and heart rates.
ugh I feel gross..showertime
The LORD is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love. Psalm 103:8
Oh, blasted Girl Scout Cookies. Why must I love you so?
I so excited for her season too!! Just watched the first episode........I think its going to be amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-)
When we cross state lines, Danny (sound guy) & Kevin (they always sit up front) reach their arms out in competition to see who can cross 1st
#thatswhatshesaid #onwisconsin RT : Huge road win for Wisconsin. Huge home loss for Ohio State. It's huge.”
today is my birthday!!!! Can i please get a happy birthday?
"She's diabetic? How Nick Jonas of her."
I'm all about fan communities so your session was perfect. I love my job and our field so I'm curious how you made the switch.
for an meeting
it was nice of you to hold the #1 spot in the NBA
I'm stuck in traffic
I do not work at an estate company.
cedar lake?
its okay baby. i already know
Time waits for no man...taking advantage of every minute of the day is crucial to achieving your goals when you have deadlines to meet.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
hey!! How are you doing? Long time no speak :D
I LOVE tacos (: they are so delicious !
I don't even know what it means but it's provocative !!!!
Celebrating end of #LATFOB day one with... semi-pro wrestling. At an American Legion Hall. In Reseda. What?
This is pretty much my last week of school!
Anyone can be a boss; it takes sensitivity to be a leader.
It's like feeling alone with 100 people around you.
Thx so much for the #FF, Steve! Hope you have a wonderful weekend :)
Reality check
The post-NFL life for those gladiators is brutal. Avg life expectancy in the mid 50's, depression, physical limitations, etc.
afternoon of meetings == afternoon of short story writing
Affirmation: I greet the day with joy and hope knowing that everything is perfect and I'm excited by the possibilities.
Not until Clinton did they D's fix the REP greed! GWB just untangled further. Do your Homework or tweet about dogs. lol
Aw drita and Karen Reminiscing :-D☺
it does that 2 me 2. It mainly makes me unfollow the Iconic Boyz when I don't want 2
how much u charge for the mixtape host ace
like u paid for it.
Hell yeah we need to hoop soon homie g...even tho now i got the lungs of a coal minor.. ill try haha
I don't know if I'll ever use it anywhere, but it's a great spiritual experience to be able to do that." (Rick Warren) // LOL
Indiana won with a buzzer beater 3!!!!!!! With a foul!!!! Not called though! 73-72 Kentucky lost there the #1 ranked team too!!
Drink plenty of water.
Sometimes It Snows In March
Sean from eflgeek.com got interviewed for whytheyteach.squarespace.com fascinating read... check it out... thanks Sean
Thanks for the RT! We can't wait!
Ten’s favorite quote: If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it? Dogen
So proud of our president. Honored to work for such an amazing and forward thinking person who believes in human rights for all Americans.
just hit ya email with a banggga!!!!
Just because it's a holiday doesn't mean everyone can text me and reminisce on what used to be...
I'm a comedian pig. Thank you thank you I'm here all week...
There is no room for prejudice in this Great Nation!! From anyone!!
Congrats to the winners #ClassyAwards and hats off to and for an inspiring night.
Ok, that game was briefly exciting. Now I hope lands soon!
RT : absolutely! Very cool cellar and great sangria special. :)
I agree. So, so sad RT : Whitney's best song, in my opinion, was written by Dolly Parton: "I Will Always Love You"
WELL IF YOU CAN'T ME GET MY NAME OUT IN ORLANDO I ALREADY CONQUERED SOUTH FLORIDA...WE CAN WORK OUT A DISCOUNT LOL
I'm learning a lot tonight!!!
no on #dragu season 3??? Im sad!!!
How to catch up fairly legal if you missed an episode? The new 30 days post-air makes it hard if you miss an episode
yep I'm all about Thursday nights...Sunday's are more for looming panic attacks about the upcoming work week
u got it girl!
Sticky Drama All The Way Want My Dick You Gotta Pay
Damn.. shots fired..
Thank you for sharing!
Walk upstairs and my dad is playing Wonderbread on his tablet, werid
La fitness flows with my coworkers. Family workout time !! 😁
I've wanted a small dog since the fourth grade, I think it is time to get one!
New running shoes today hopefully,
incredible power from such a little man hahah
path of night indeed
love that song. :)
I hear you! Twitter has changed so much, and I haven't been here much lately. Let's take the old Twitter back!
I want a chick tht nw how to throw it back well.
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
No one ever said I can't "talk" or never have anything to say...comment about eating in 3....2....1....
Almost done knockin' this out... after that I'mma go home and crash:)!
The ACA isn't perfect. But neither are "free market" solutions. Free market healthcare is a myth. They are fundamentally incompatable.
I saved from certain death earlier! and I got no recognition! humph.
someones rooting for the Giants via twitter haha
I'd be all over a novel by Batman.
Children of Bodom - Downfall
That sounds really good.
Dominik Uher puts the #Chiefs on the board. Spokane takes 1-0 lead over Tri-City late in the 1st period.
My tweets during Chelsea games... LOL. Sorry guys.
New songs in the works!
Capital City Bike club ride and party tonight at 6:00. 21.55 miles in 100 degree temps. The beer will taste awesome after the ride :)
CLIENT: hurdler will be on "Q It Up Sports" this Sunday at 9:30pm PST on JoeTV & 10:30pm PST on
I think u r in the fridge(:
Lovely :) - RT : there's a new sheriff in town lol
I love how I can stay on the phone with you for hours and talk about absolutely nothing and still be the happiest girl in the world <3
Jealous. RT : Epic nap achieved.
Rocking my "straight outta autzen" hat at the UW bookstore. Suck one, dawgs.
''PLEASE follow , you mean the world to her. Please make her dream come true :') <3'' was that okay?
If you're feeling creative this morning, come to Writing Areobics from 10 to noon $22 for members, $28 for general public
I was blogging away on two new blogs over the weekend: "Texas Pick 3 Pick 4" and "Playing The Michigan Lottery"
OMG!! R U READING MY MIND? please please please teach me or show me I'm so lost!! I want my own site bcuz every1 cant c facebook
I need a damn ass vacation already!
It's Friday night, party animal 1am is early.
ahh...based on your posts I thought you were at the ballpark
My mom actually deleted al the pictures on both of my memory cards..... Are you fuckin kidding me?
Looking for a invitation. Anybody got one for me?
you think he will? He's been struggling as of late but I think he will be good.
Busin This Sweet Down
Planning to head to for #birthday brunch/lunch with mom, dad, and Lar
Worked out. Going to Mass Effect 3 Midnight release tonight WOOHOO. Anyone else?
Our daughters are scaring me now
Playing the fuck out this minecraft on xbox zombie blew my Damn house up made me mad as fuck
Drinking Coffee and working...Coffee is from the heavens
No. You're goin' back to Cali, back to Cali, back to Cali.
Super polish. New band name?
hahahhaa, okay. (: umm.. but the only days i could are this weekend and next, tuesday and friday. (:
Have u ever walked into someones house & they have pictures, but the pictures are in the wrong size frame?! Drives me #crazy!
If Stephen Hawking appeared in a game: Would he be a. Boss b. Playable Character c. Power up d. Summon a la FF ? choose wisely
Phone plan is out until tomorrow. :P
aw damn :(
RT: : PickUpLine: Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under <~ haha
.. I thought this since I saw ur name - brianna ;)
#FF some great people and orgs to follow
So what is going on with the #KeukaCollege #Internet outage? So many tweets it should almost trend.
Need a #company or #brand #representative to #speak and #network on your behalf? Contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
Just ran/walked a mile in 20minutes. How's that for first time running in 10 freaking years? I'm gonna go die now.
😄😄👉👉👉RT : The Knicks had no business in the playoffs too smh
another option for 2012 NU Spring Game tix- you can receive credit for tickets for 2013 Spring Game
Send Moore back to A, pronto
My husband noticed the same thing...and he barely knows who Madonna is.
the dorito taco is no joke! I wanna give the guy that invented it a high five.
cause you're creepy pop-a-rot-sea -___-“
Re-energized myself with a few sets of jump rope and squat thrusts. The easiest, most effective way to charge yourself up!
Monsters don't sleep under your bed, they sleep in your head.
Agreed. If they stay healthy they will be dangerous.
If you need an engineer contact He's mixed mostly all of our commercial material he's really good
I'll be there yeah i know it, to fix you with love. ♥
We are only on this globe for a short time, so it is our duty to do all we can to have an impact beyond our lifetime.
texas going down helps, too
Don't make me sad, don't make me cry.
lol kay.. you havent changed yet :p just.. you're getting cute :3 no joke
there's no room for mistakes.
Mike from the Jersey Shore? MT : Bobby Petrino won't be visiting No. 1 recruit DGB Thursday because of "a situation"
WED Dinner Entree Special:Seared Filet of Beef Kabobs On a Chive Parmesan Risotto With Sizzled Leeks & a Roasted Garlic Coulis
Its totally normal to cry when your sister gets engaged, right? YAY for FINALLY getting a BROTHER(inlaw)!!!!!!!!
Dope set at the BMI showcase tonight.
Hi. I saw a retweet of yours in my feed. Are we related?
I am so jealous of that. Stay in the bubble world of EL as long as possible!
RT my favorite protester at the occupy MN rally downtown right now is the guy just holding a cardboard box in the air.
so in your tweet shit is getting shook up
soups today are chicken tortilla and vegetable minestrone! $2.75 Marbles to warm up your soul
Must be nice, wish I could be there.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. ~Bertrand Russell
#imthetype that can work into the night
I LOVE 's dress!! So gorgeous!!
man idk he's weird
Think I'm gonna follow some peeps.
Another recommendation from Full Circle Studios, Jeff Dodgen.
s/o to all the creative kids that aren't afraid to chase their dreams!
So Chris Stewart is sort of a shithead, huh?
I wanna love somebody, love somebody like you<3
LeBron's point, rebound and assist numbers are on par with past seasons but field goal and 3 point percentages are up.
Shout owt to my people's I appreciate y'all brothers.
just like tennis if you serve well, you will seldom lose in life. #NoKidHungry needs your service. serve the
BARACK O' PRINCETON ♥
The fact they were paid at all says they were overpaid.
"My phone dying" #lameassexcuse I hear everytime I call
Just. .. Amazing
Anyone else have Twitter Anxiety? Anx-tweet-ty? Worrying about having cute, witty, cool things to say? Staring at the blank box, groping?
i totally forgot why i took ap us history in the first place... procrastination sucks -.-
That feeling I get when you say I love you , and I know you mean it . ♥
I'm in the club hollerin Ay bay bay, Ay bay bay, Ay bay bay
Good morning! Have you gotten the chance to like my pic yet? I really need as many votes as I can get lol
I'll believe over you any day of the week! #teamkyle fo life!
The simplicity of Google Talk is amazing. We had a group conference on Google+.... Smart thinking Google.
you're mom should be happy you arent going... maybe should took crazy pils
I want to give a shoutout to my two new followers and thankz yall
AH! My bad. I borked a file name. Should be fine now. -Dave
Erica's eyebrows looked horrible
RT : All used clubs are 30% off!
I had a great time this a.m. fielding questions from students, then introducing Sen. at the Sybil Shainwald Lecture.
didnt you "almost" say "50 points" for the Lions on the pre-game?
where can i get a #SinIsWack t-shirt!? gota spread the word
im watchin ur live chat from the end of summer and wanted to say that u dont sound like a fool like u said in the video lol
Absolute match of the year candidate.And your next tag champions.
Oh that doesn't sound good....
Adorable knicknames RT “: What a win! Hammer and the Canadian Tuxedo coming through..."
That's right!
Thank you for supporting #iDecide2B! There is nothing more powerful than being able to say, "I decide."
u r so funny..I love u nd ur show :)
I #cantwait for my vacation to start next week! It's much needed!!
ok enough Bad Teacher quotes, on my way to work.
Going on a brewery tour for a friend's birthday today. Things could get interesting.
RT "People who read #poetry are the unsung customer base for independent bookstores"
follow back haha this is never gonna happend!
Popcorn, geeks galore, the anticipation is mounting & there was a DC vs. Marvel throwdown in the front row. YES!
ADM Mike Mullen: a sustained long term relationship with Afghanastan and Pakistan is key to stability.
On to the great 8! ThunderRidge over Arapahoe 44 to 43 in a come from behind victory. Colorado girls basketball playoffs.
At times I lay awake at night & wonder just where did I go wrong? A voice comes to me & says, this is going to take more then one night.
Not very pleased w/Public Info Officers in some areas N of Seattle 2nite - I know it was a sunny day but pls do your job 2 help me do mine!
Booby's heat-checking the rest of the game.
: LOL! now i all i need is the #kids. ;)
what picture?
That's the plan. I could use the break.
It's Fan Friday... Tell us the year, make and model of your first car. Better yet if you have a picture of it post it.
SO excited to be joining the awesome cast of !
but, I think I'd say that about the sunny day as well! If there are no cloudy days, who cares whether it's sunny or not?
i couldn't agree more, lol
It's hard to love someone one loves the other... :(
right on bro!
You ARE the master :)
Hooves are in motion
Movie recommendation is Freddie Prinze Jr in "She's All That"
Sent out our Political Courage Test to candidates for Gifford's seat in AZ-8
I wanna hear Rahzel beat box the wobbliest bass track he can do
Got tix for Jan 6 Pens vs. Rangers game for sale. Section 109 - $230 for the pair..DM if you're interested.
Actually, I guess that's less exciting for you as a vegetarian. But I can tell you that the milkshakes are DELICIOUS.
And it clears yours! RT : Forgive your enemies...It messes with their heads.
People who smoke a lot turns slow I swear.
Inbox got a lil exciting
in one of those moods.. 😒
JOBS Act to Spur More Tech M&A
I LOVE YOU MOM 😚!!!! Always have and always WILL.
walkin' the streets of Vegas searchin for the gift
#ffcs was off the chain. Don't worry if u missed it they will be back at Encore first Thursday in March
What's wrong with the Overrated #Hawks this time ?
maybe we can talk abt okra.
Gone with the Hot Air...
Keeping everything to yourself doesn't do you any good. In the end, the one that's going to hurt the most is yourself.
Show your support for the patriots in the OCCUPY movement ... bake them some fresh home baked "occu-PIES." take 'em down to your Occupy s
So jealous. A favorite of mine for sure.
A wasp flying into your window when your at the drive thru is fun also.
If it's just wind, they'll probably play. No big rain?
there r SO many!!!!!!! U should Really go down there.
Just finished up workout for the day, and now gonna do something with the boys, maybe the park
Moving up in the caste system
Is it time to ball yet???
. (your tweeter) will never forget Bardacke's description of the superstars of celery.
what's wrong with your car?
lol aw he sucks
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Banksy's art is fucking awesome I swear!
VDN with the…smart…..coaching decision sticking with his bench guys.
Sr. Martha (Mehrl) Simon, SCMM « Over the Sofa/ Under the Skin ...
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. Newt needs plenty of you to attack tonight.
Just finished Chem Lab... waiting for lecture
#alliwantforchristmas is for To Follow Me .
Thanks for follow: &DebraBaldoni
I am going to critique the hell out of your Class of 2034 rankings. RT : 25+hours of watching basketball prospects this weekend
Just doing me
The day always feels longer when I actually show up to work on time. I will have to keep doing that to a minimum, I think.
Please let me have you for christmas <3
i think i'd sell a kidney at this point.
is that a good thing?
I didn't think state funds could be used on a team if they had never won a title? I could have sworn that was in the state constitution.
Thank you for the blog about Pink is power!
#facebook.com/JOJOPLANSONEATINGHEALTHIER9528#join me
awee shoot :( how do i fix that?
Trash like to fuck in the club for $40 fucking up the game
#when your on a bus the only thing to #do is to count
“: The secret of success: stop wishing, start doing.”
rite on
Happy hour 2-7pm and the blind tasting this week, 4 wines-find 1 from Sonoma Coast appellation and get $2 back. Good Luck!
NOTHING lasts forever
No way! Is your Ollie a boy? My Olie (Olive) is a girl.
thanks! I'll still be a tweetin' fool.
who was the presenter? Sounds interesting
Agents, have you ever signed a writer who you met at a writers conference?
Help! Gotta keep J5th's baby brother out of prison. Lawyer costs two grand-J5th giving amazing deals on tattoos and accepting all donations
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Thursday Night Football game between the Jacksonville Jaguars and Atlanta Falcons for a free Scorzie!
Made In America, Breed From The Bottom ...
''How can they be jamming us...if they don't know we're coming?''
lol me too I'm half sleep
Sadly, violence doesn't solve anything. Except in Highlander, when decapitation is the only way to solve problems.
Are you following us on Twitter? Cause you should.
Thanks for the wonderful followers guys :) xx Well, follow me and I'll followback when asked, <3
always looking out for my girl (sorry, I didn't memorize your tweets)
never give up Cenation for life good night Cenation have a good night
2. More. Days.
"There is never an achievement......without an assault" thats food for thought this Mon morning. Leggoo.
I love ....anybody wanna take me to his concert tonight for my birthday? *blatant hint, blatant hint*
#Huguely jury says they need 30-60 more minutes to deliberate.
We just got #lucky; #StopSopa #Early-hiliday-gift?
In Georgia
do you still tweet your fans?? :)
Guess who will never stay at The Hilton in Scrantin again....this chick!
wow great throw back!
You. Only. Love. One Direction.
Looking for something fun for the family on this rainy day? Come create up-cycled art at the DCCA till 3 pm! FREE
Another spectacular evening of developing work down, two to go! Join us tomorrow night for another 12x6 @ 7:30 pm. Only $5.00!
#Night everyone!
Sex n the city 2: total bullshit. Half ya ya sisterhood half fish out of water wealth porn
Beware of zipper skirts when running!!!
ATTN - I saw your interview tonight. I know you think you won. Dare you to have me on. Look me up. I'm your fucking nightmare.
Today is my wife's birthday, too! Happy day to and
Seriously. I missed 11:11 by two minutes.
Representative A's lineup: Weeks, Pennington, Crisp, Manny, Seth Smith, Reddick, K Suzuki, Allen 1B, Donaldson 3B
Just share your wish with the managers; they are very responsive.
It's never too early to book your limo for all the concerts and shows that are coming to #Pittsburgh this holiday season.
Public restrooms are the worst
Mothers day #gift -give $50 get $50
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities."
OMG, I know! Staying at home w/kids does something weird to time...
Slow down the game and pound the ball inside.
Once I get a job...1. Save up money for Tomorrow Land ♥
Today is our day-off. It's like our weekend;D We hope to see you tomorrow. Upcoming specials is on its way;D Please keep in touch!
We would like to thank for recording and producing our e.p and for mastering it,you guys are the boss sauce!<3
Needs some luck this week to secure some tickets to see Radiohead in June.
"To be an actor you have to be a child." - Paul Newman
a man beside me looks exactly like Vincent Schiavelli. I'd high-five him, but he is using a walking cane in each hand
This is gay
Today I'll interview an undergrad civic engagement student I worked with last semester: my first interview for this project. Hooray.
I'll play WWF with you. My user name is Tahnesha.
#worstbreakupexcuses Im doin me right now
That's great news and congrats! I was pretty confident you'd connect with that group. Let's do connect tomorrow.
Airsoft Guns Becoming A Safety Risk For Police
Second Saturday Art Walk has begun in sunny Sacramento,CA!
Completely horrible penalty call, free goal for #Caps. Ridiculous.
"It smelled like chicken manure!"
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?♥ Love you Christian! 9
Did I actually say a week? As in it'd be done in a week? It's a mess! x
Taylor: there are people making money off of our communities who don't want things to change
You, sir, are an International Badass.
the crew but im sure they are going to be very happy for him just like we should be. Dont make austin feel bad and make him not want to-
I follow you back.
you too man
#NP "Know How To Dance" - 2-Tone
Don't forget to come out tomorrow for the #Charlottesville MLK Community Celebration at 5 p.m.! See you there...
congrats on a great tournament at Midlands
omg. those hairoscopes are so true. holy.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!!!!
Amelie Gilette is back on the HateCast! Oh how I have missed her catty pop culture podcast!
Great presentation by Anders Gronstedt in Mile High 2/3 Ballroom level at
I would love to take full credit for that quote, but it belongs to Peter Siwek
i like phish, so i bet i'd like northern california
I don't get why Hawks fans want LA to win. VAN a MUCH better match up. NASH or VAN? Give me VAN.
Have you ever wanted to meet yourself and see yourself from someone else's point of view?
Ha! true - i always qualify my minor complaints re Indy by admitting that there are many, many, MANY worse places to live
Celadon is a shade of green that is a pale tint of spring green, while chartreuse is a pale apple green.
is 's special guest on the Christma's album. (:
I Know I Can Pour My Feelings Out To Because He Will NEVER See My Tweets:D He Is Such A Sweet Heart And He Makes Me Laugh:D
there were moments of panic, then total elation :) “: I have shaky knees just looking at this photo..... EEk.”
that shows hilarious.
im sure you will look that good when you are her age thanks to lots of plastic surgery :)
Hi Carmen, You're stunning and your hair is to die for. Thx for following!
of course you can. You're a mom.
7 runs in 3 innings, the #Brewers are the road mental midgets.
Everybody go follow and get them to 800!! We want that video!!
I been finding out things and its not even surprising.
Happy Holidays!!! :)
we think social media is a great teaching tool also! what do you think?
Yeah maybe I just youtubed the original Karate Kid soundtrack. #Inspiration can come from anywhere
I remind kids to READ,READ, READ and REREAD. Read the directions, read the question, read the story and reread if needed.
RT People seem excited that #Seattle could make it to .500. Who do they think they're watching? The Brewers in September?
we drank the whole bottom so... Couldn't tell you what kind it was for the life of me. :)
Dear Dove Bar: Please for the love of all things holy finally figure out a chocolate coating that doesn't break into 100 pieces! Thank u.
thanks for the shout. Have a good one
Finally get to go riding today... I missed my R6!
haha you're telling me! im regretting my decision with every soapy bite! getting my creds done now ;) ah
2nd turn over on Hill. He may need to sit his ass down one time.
Things are moving along nicely! In the meantime, check out www.balanceofculture.com!
Bo Ryan hit the nail on the head, "everyone remembers the accusation, but many forget about the outcome" It's a process!!
you already know bra
To All in the Land of Enchantment- Happy Valentine’s Day!
no pink sugar...#SOMEDAY!
Ha you bored.?
RT : To win, you can have the biggest budget or be the most fascinating.
Thomas David DuBois: Is Buddhism Agnostic?
you must be on something
Happy Birthday !<3
you mean Coach Broadus, my esteemed colleague down here at Long Beach Poly?
You're way more cute! Go like our Facebook page and share with your friends(:
Sipping some Sangster's and enjoying my weekend.
Ill flirt with you awhile, that usually puts women asleep!
ok well bye:)
Tonight on The Big Bang Theory we meet Penny's dad who is a big fan of Leonard. Watch with us at 6:30!
thank, Dan!
#thevoice , favorite show.
I gave 110% tonight, worked hard in practice all week. Just glad to get out of here with a W. Beat a very good team today.
So only white kids are allowed to buy hoodies for style? I have to say I disagree with you Mr. Geraldo.
"When all think alike, then no one is thinking." ~Walter Lippman
Ladies! Don't miss High Tea & SWAPPING Spree in SF at The Palace Hotel this Sat! www.clothingswap.com/palace
are you going to be on rhobh next season? i hope so(:
I honestly don't know what's the problem?
The prettiest dresses are worn to be taken off." lmao*
golly gee. so addicted to Sufjan and the age of adz right now. soothes my soul.
happy to listen. Send me a direct mssg :-)
Hi Melissa just saying hi if u wantto chat hit me up
#NowPlaying - Losing It by Never Shout Never <3
What's up, twitter? I feel like saying something interesting...but can't think of anything right now :/
spicks know the deal, I hope you're Spanish or this will be awkward
all good
they just don't know coming. Hard this time
Yikes RT @ Bills ans, Mario Williams was at my hotel, The Mansion, in Buffalo but checked out early tonight! Hope not a bad sign.
I'm lame. I'm out 4 2nite. Turns out being up 20 hours makes u feel haggard! lol. Have fun!
Cody. Jake. Alli. Giorgia. Gold Coast's Finest Creators.
Happy Europe Day - To all the Europeans out there :)
Finally done!
Also concerned I might be more like Zoey's character than I feel ok with. At least 2 things she has said every episode I've said. Awkward
It's much better to face these kinds of things with a sense of poise and rationality.
Time to abandon the internet entirely until I catch up on the last two Mad Men episodes.
It's too late now I'm tweeting all night
I meant "I." Obviously too excited to type correctly...
Today's work mix is Jaz's Italo 102 mix... slower and funkier for those that like dem synths and arpeggiated basslines.
Yeah man. Those first few games were unreal. Can't believe this playoff run, though. Surprised.
let me be the token white guy in DGD fam! LOL I just sit back and bob my head to the music and say #whatsup LOL
Just almost made a disaster :s
how's the job at apple treating you?
gurl i would be too.
Going to the chapel and I'm going to get married!
totally agree about being hard to connect.. #pubmedia seems to focus on strategy + branding, too little on "get it done".
You had me at "children's librarian." ; ) Happy howls back atcha!
Kanye West Rants About Late Night Booty Call During “Say You Will” Performance in Australia [VIDEO]
Word RT I don't care how much people mock him, I love seeing Siva's dad.
There's a party tonight that's gonna be like project x...can't wait!!!
You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer.
So, I'm using my work account to be on Google+ after I killed it on my personal account. Wonder how much data it will grab.
Thanks for follow! , and
Brett, great news! RT Got my official acceptance letter today to VCU school of social work. I start classes in August!
a I knoW he is such a lovely rabbit! :(
Out campaigning for
It's the things in between those periods that become distorted.
Ugh -Same As SHIT)
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Your descriptions of Scorpios' personalities are scarily accurate. Props.
yo Charlie what's next
Don't know how I managed to get that remark about Salt Lick and Chuy's to come from my BlogHer account, but it was me talking.
Leading is not the same as being a leader. Leading means others are willing to follow; not because they have to, but because they want to.
welcome to twitter
About to go house hunting! Wish me luck!
:)))) hahahaha it only benefits from the justin one should let their fingers from it
AASL Best Websites now has a location for ALA Annual. So come and see the new 2012 list Sat, June 23rd 8-10 am in Room 213D, Con. Center.
my tweet count is currently at 3030 - does that mean something, i guess now its 3031 though
Wherever you go,whatever you do,ill be right here waiting for you.
Ah Crap poor frank is sick
he love you too
Who Wonts To Hang Before iMove? iNeed To See All My Friends One Last Time (: LIKE "/
Funny how u pose2have a gf bt yet u always alone mite as well b single
"hahaha that was Sexton lane" "Lynnann are you five?"
Ah, yeah...18 days until GRAMMY and IMA official nomination announcements.
I just learned you can portion out ice cream in advance into muffin tins to freeze. Total opposite but exciting none the less. :)
You're just what I need, a natural disaster I want you to move me I want you to brake me
Do you like the music we play? Te gusta la musica que tocamos?
Celebrity Death Match was dope.
Began my day with a wonderful pancake breakfast from before final prep. Who needs Joe's social?
Wild reversal three weeks before election, WI the only state to do this, Walker used BLS data when it benefited him, crony econ101
Eternally amused by perfectly able-bodied individuals that insist on taking the elevator from the first floor to the second floor -___- why?
anyone else get double orange chicken at panda when getting a two entree?
. I'm writing 2 YA books. One about first all-teen expediton to Everest. Other about a teen who lives at a Renaissance Fair.
“: if i choose you over sleep, you better feel f**king special!” so true
Will post that tomorrow. Promise.
The clown is on our bus
Austin & Ally askgdkf. idk i love this show :)
yes PLEASE!
-- Even the easiest of recipes -- baked potatoes, rice, sundaes -- are put there for grocery list gen. and meal planning ease
I watch all sports except for golf
MT : Kathy Nickolaus answering Q's as she hands out 1st results. #wirecall || What the HELL is she doing handing out ANYTHING?
This dorito taco is my spirit animal.
what's your favorite restaurant and club in SoBe?
48 more hrs and i'll be smokin that good weed in the bahamas..
you're freaking gorgeous, wutchu talkin about
I'm so impressed with ATG Commerce. Specially Oracle bought them.
I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh
I Get Ch CH CH Chips Frito Lays,Cheetos,Dorritos and Funyuns
Im sick of you treating my mom like this!
What a weekend of music it's been -- It's almost like everyone "upped their game" last night at #theGrammys Very sad but very inspiring.
Ping. Ping. Ping. That's all I hear outside.
ah the iPad auto-correct is great..
Watching Batman Begins with Mom. Very cool way to celebrate Mother's Day.
Bro to my left is puking. Couple to my right is catching up on their kama sutra training.
I know my salt addiction has hit an all time high (low?) when I considered how a manhattan would taste with a salt rim.
(PS I am now for, uh, reasons.)
most ppl bump Waka, or 2 Chainz before they go out.. im bumpin Gap Band - Outstanding.
Far Cry 2 (the burning engine was sweet) and Busta Rhymes (Fire it up)
to which Bukowski replied: "never get out of bed before noon"...he would know too ;)
Happy Birthday ! Can't wait to celebrate!
lmao I feel it but why is the south no joke ? Lol
Customer engagement! are up next
My bartender #GivesYouWings along with an ice cold IC Light!
So I sold my 3DS on ebay but forgot to unlink my Club Nintendo account. I'm getting coins for this person's eShop purchases.
Come to VOSD's member coffee tomorrow at 8am and talk w/ us. Open this week for non-members. Let me know if you wanna come by.
Help make your neighborhood beautiful! Join us to wake up Girard St. Children's Garden this Saturday at 10am!
That's nice, Ed. But sd they not hv already known that? & what abt P Ryan 2?
I feel you on that. He's underrated
nope I don't give a fuck she pissed me off
Our 2 best team goals of the season have ended with a pretty Nani chip -- Community Shield and today. Love it.
Donald Jones is not good.
You only speak so many words in a day so therefore you have to be careful on who you share those words with..... ~SM
: Oh yeah, love the guy lol ;-)
So glad to hear it! Allison is great!
I need just one birthday wish. #HappyBirthday to me.
philly and tampa just gone over :)
#ItGetsMeMadWhen People lead you on
yo im uploading now is that coo
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ The Lord gets His best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
NOLA bound. Record suggestions? The entire van is asleep.
where is it? haha
yes yes yes please I would love to will you be mine (:
My plesure, keep it going.
I suck at sleeping in
#GrandpaFred Honey, would you get me that. Piece of Pipe? Boy they're making quite a story out of this aren't they. The middle one?
I can't find people using the Find People feature, even if they've given me their Twitter name
Ugh I have the worst luck
I hope she did have not seen her yet :(
from the station... Maybe I can get you in the bikini contest... Bring your g-string
Yup, its that bad. Pretty much
This Week I'm going to be at Nublu tues with BrownRiceFamily and thurs with Underground Horns. Come check me.
#swsummit I disagree with this statement.
Who wants to be in my new video May 20th??? I need a gurl
I can honestly say..I'm ok without you
what this boils down to is sex for some women is pleasurable and an experience.
Hey we have the Red or Green Chile Cheese dog and a drink for 5.50
This month, buy one of my Valentine Toffee boxes & proceeds benefit the ! It's a great organization helping families in need.
JMM Research. Asked a lot about Brown plan and Molly Munger proposal.
Vampires beware! and I had Mediterranean Kitchen tonight. Garlic is wreaking out of our pores!
im so bored!!
Sorry that was uncalled for...this whole situation is funny though.
#mlw12 has begun.
