Yeah, there's really no reason not to buy Groupons/LivingSocials. It's basically like free monies.
i want a skutt catholic sweatshirt .... i don't know why .
Chillwave is the Cinemax of music genres.
what about me bitch.I'm out too
I don't know, I'm pretty positive Nada Surf is the best band in the universe.
who do you think is gonna take it all the way?
Tomorrow night - Tina Moore, feat the Just Us Trio, at 9:30! Don't miss this amazing all ages, no cover show.
A look into my Wednesday morning. Anyway off to the races.
Had a great time in NYC with my mom! Got to see Mama Mia! And random plays in the park :)
My mom gets a thrill from stealing salt and pepper shakers from restaurants.
Kibitzer synonyms: Meddler, busybody, buttinsky, snoop. Come kibitz with TACT starting tomorrow night at 7pm!
If you still internet beef. Just delete every page you ever made cause obviously you still have some maturing to do
Using shiny new Amp earbuds for work tunes.
Night, y'all! I'm tired!
hi tiffany and friends happy wednesday to you
jameison and a cigarillo..
we took most of the photographs ourselves and believe that the balance came from the restaurants' websites.
RT Stop by West Valley Library and fill out your postcard to save the libraries! RT Postcard drive is on!
You are not alone! Even though Spider Man 3 was shitty, I'd much rater see a 4th film with Toby then a Reboot!
Ciclavia is TODAY!!! Get out and ride the streets!
hahaha he called the guy back and was talking all nice and shit lol. What a bitch. I even told him what to say..
I like to do core work before and after every strength session, as part of the warm-up and cool-down.
Hey You! Sapnin?
yeah dude.
:) . I Was Walking In The Hallway Right ? & These Two Girls Walk Up & They Say " Oh He's Cute :) " One Phrase . #IThankGod .
Wow, I really haven't tweeted in a while!!
i wore a bikini to that and my sister & her girlfriend were super stoned & mallory cried cause she was scared that was a good day
Breakfast at Runcible Spoon con mi madre then back to Normal.
Well that was a busy weekend... but I can't complain! I love what I do!
Don't you have some kids to send outside to wave at the satellite?
"Stop bullying beliebers no they're all bullies" we're not all bullies, and yes some beliebers are but not all of them. im not so.
Glad to hear it! RT : Yo the man! Yo-Yo Ma and the silk road ensemble was amazing!
Wow Killed it tonight i loved your stage presences, energy , HAIR and OUTFIT lol cant wait to see
Thanks Evan!
Gym then cook then shred
I really hate not having grandparents...
I'm finished! I used the #finish tag, but it must not have worked.
Upset, Upset??
Why is it that the things we desire most in life are often those that are not really of a tangible nature
Running and agilities kicked my ass! Felt like I have been hit by a freight train.
....there's that fucking yippie dog AGAIN!!! BUY A REAL DOG!!
Did it take a retweet of one of my photos to get more followers? LOL
Taking a nap
Good morning. Sending you Florida's warm and sunshine.Have a great day!
The world is noisy. Distractions are everywhere. Never forget to spend quantity and quality time with those who matter most.
About to workout. The first time since my knee blew out more than a month ago. I said my prayers.
Has he never been to Indiana? That's crazy talk. IN is far more connected to the Hoosiers.
well I may or may not have chased one down the block last summer..barefoot. Maybe.
like I said, the Badgers never lose at the Pit, Jon Bryant (don't call him Ryan!) would be proud
Ok finishing up website today. Adding the last bit of content and we should be ready to launch by Wednesday.
i loved you and 's video! :D made me laugh! :P
Friendly reminder that we have all sorts of new clothes and accessories coming in everyday for fall!
Where can I purchase your book?
#FF Ted Thompson beat me in a contest and is really, really, really good.
Tonight we will be a guest on the Techno-Granny show tune for tips on how to use LinkedIn Groups more effectively.
Thanks fellows! If I survive this dip into Twitter and write more useful tests I'll agree with the chainsaw bear bit. :)
Polaroid should buy this or partner with them.
suppliers fall short in rfp process, they don't do a good job differentiating their services, they r not asking questions.
your son doesn't know how to tell time.
Hi. Whose faces on the baboon tushes? Thanks.
So we will have some news soon regarding everything going on with us. So bear with us while we figure all this shit out.
out of town
Does anyone know any SEO's looking for mid-term contract gig? Requires travel and some onsite work.. pays well, great exposure. let me know!
Need a fabulous sangria recipe....
yes i don,t like to hurt anyone
lol..I still have to get used to it.But yeah I lost some weight not from working out tho..Fat ppl Hate my metabolism,lol.;)
Because some females be having some fucked up shit! 😄RT : Why do some men have a problem w weave.!? Your ass isnt paying for it.
The #ISCW12 hashtag has gone to sleep after blowing up my tweetdeck all day. Now I'm waiting for the drunk tweets to start up after dinner.
and if you need ANYTHING let me know I'm ALWAYS here bestfriend. No matter time or day :) PROMISE!
Getting ready to go to the Yankee game!
Hi, i wasted a lot of time liking you.
Finally finished Day 11 Rocky challenge. I know I'm a day behind but I'm determined to finish
Lol, yes it did. But it was strange, I never am able to catch my mentions in my timeline, but yours was there when I loaded.
what's poppin with the negotiations?? Time to win!
me too. Not sure if mine was up yet.
#ilovebieber because he is the only idol that always keeps his fans in mind and hasn't let the fame get to his head :)
<---Desperately procrastinating. PGs: 96 NBA Draft #DerekFisher lasted longer than the much more highly touted
thats the only kind of ballin i do
We are the most interesting renters in the world. We don't always use websites. But when we do, we prefer domu.
“: anyone online horny??” I am fucken horny right know I want some action
Alright time to repierce this babies. ah its going to hurt reopening them.
I need to cut my haairrrr!
I'm mad deshawn raw is battling Chris rock on battle parody 4 lmao
"Get out of my head and into my car."
I would give anything just to have amazing u to follow me please make my wish come true and follow me back tonight amazing <33
Bennett: Almost all of times the state's intervened in a district and loaned money to district can be traced back to dist's own decisions.
Prayer helps everything.
#artpolitics hauntology is a spectral sonic uncanny. Preservation of the voices of the dead always an issue.
that's where my dad has worked for 46 years.
I want to have a run in the rain... #Intense!!!
ok every 1 I have 2 do some thing talk 2 u soon :)
what did ya buy me?
#Imagine You say MY Name On E! NEWS Saying 'Tatiana Randall & Zayn Malik Dating' :) <3
Will there be a season two? I really love the show. Kudos to ALL involved. And you act your pants off, lady! *applause*
Lost my grandad this time last year..cant lose my grandmom too.. hope she gets better.. and Jan as well.. not a very good weekend.
Guess which #RedSox closing pitcher I am missing right now?
I'm not saying the thesis was awful but....
I didn't say it was a bad thing! That beard is awesome!
Back in Burlington. Tonight's homework is to prepare a persuasive 1 min. elevator talk that I'll perform for my 30 new friends.
RIP co founder of Apple... Steve Jobs :(
what do you mean? I always wear glasses and sip on green tea reading my anth book with indie music!
good. Just busy as ever. Workin on my
I feel like the universe is trying to see how far I bend before I break.
She wouldn't let me listen to rap music or watch violent/sex filled movies growing up. Now I'm wrapping and writing sex scenes lol
Well, then, you obviously did it wrong.
Kick rocks cuz anything you say is straight bull shit
so your using my ring to cover up my name with a new nigga name lol he seems a great guy lol really grow up
Huge thanks to and of for being awesome guests here on #mediachat tonight!
Good morning guys - Looking forward to seeing all my Tampa friends this weekend. CLUB MIXES w LIVE GUITARS at The Hard Rock this Fri.
Be here now.
put me on to your shit, fuck with me though. Nate vas
i think his air time could probably use some work...
Let's GEAUX Saints!
iM PRETTY SURE YOU BiTCHES KNO NOT TO TALK CRAZii
Tebow traded to Jets...thanks so much for the great year TT!!
for real even on facebook ? That's very blatent.
he gave a damn bout meeting her and yes was this a video you saw? If so him not being the complete blossom of kindness he always is
2 job offers made to me and another interview for a third job. Not stopping til the salary is just right.
#Bbworld11 New view with "My Stream" for personalized learning experience.
hey you should come to the Dear Timothy concert tonight at 7:00. It's gonna be awesome. Bring $5.
might miss u :( leaving for Austin Monday
all day daily
I hate my friends
Hey, sounds perfect.
U make love go bang bang bang!!
i cheered up my gf and made her day after the worst thing that can ever happen to her
Then she's a lucky one. Most people I know who've tried it are getting very little out of it.
RT Everyday alive is a blessing. We often forget how blessed we really are.
hahaha. one exam's done. another to go this week. life's been busy, but good. trying to graduate on time. how are you doing?
Happy #420 Las Vegas!
New Electrolux Frigidaire side-by-side refrigerator/freezer not ...
Whoa. Obliviating miles before they are even run? This is a special kind of magics.
Make today a Ruth's day!
Likewise! RT Tremendously excited to have coming to give the first talk at on Nov. 2!
Abby's filled my apartment with so much gas, it's floating.
Talked to someone who's primed for the evening version of the 11s. Can you feel the excitement?
One of the great new menu options from our salads is the Chicken Meatball Salad! Come by and experience it's delicious profile!
Bear in mind that your personality shapes your partner. And visa versa.
Stupid broncos
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
what to do, what to do
Oh yeah, forgot about that. I also like Gustavo Nuñez with Concertgebouw and Dag Jensen with Mito Chamber Orch. Both modern.
It makes me sad to think there is ANYONE doing ANYTHING to Nickelback.
: hey, hey Cali!! How's it shaking?!
wore my new Komodo to school today
It's gonna be a cold, wet softball game tonight in Roseville..
maybe some nail polish? A bright red would totally make his fur coat pop
Thanks for the mention and recognition of our services
I think the right term to describe our economy is deaccessionary. We suffer from high pressure to liquidate assets prematurely.
How's everyone doing ?!
One more day of eating what I want then back at it again Monday. Need a better performance than the weekend
Just sent you a DM.
My flight to San Fran seemed a bit empty. Then I realized the empty seats were being filled with 100 middle schoolers. Literal. Hell.
On a clear night, YES! #yum RT: : can you see the person st. krispy kreme sign from the governor's mansion?
how u doinnnn?
I hear ya... RT : So seriously. It's only Wednesday?
You couldn't be more wrong. Look up JP Gavinski. "had Uthoff not lived up to expectations they would have kicked him to the curb"
aw cool!(: Where?:D
I'm soclose to falling asleep at my desk.
12:25?Ugh...any chance you might have some info?
hey love
Love this. Thanks! RT : oh, yep. I assumed it was US destination. I really want you to brunch. I'll keep thinking... :-)
no jets for peyton.Just imagine Sporano (wearing sunglasses at night) tellin him 'sit down,wildcat time' on a big, late,3rd down
i just know what it feels like, so if ya need me, just give me a shout :)
Ayooo...The Producer Of JayPrince's Single "Stand and Deliver (Remix)" Ladies And Gents...Follow The Homie
Worry stunts spiritual growth...
Different today eh..How so?
Trina I got mine free....but yeah Its better than iphone
Here is my heart, please don't break it 💔
I guess that's a good reason :) RT cuz they're cool and nobody wears them anymore. Very debonair.
Mazel! I'll check it out
Come to Natachee's tonight! Performing with and It's a PICKIN' PARTY y'all!
We are giving away another iPad! "Like" The Bienstock Group page on Facebook to be entered in the drawing for a chance to win an iPad3!
Hi to our newest followers!
September classes begin this weekend! Email 10% discount for those of you who sign up for September.
at the goat working come see me
I like Susan Allen Toth's writing, so it is cool to see what a whacky place she has! Thanks for posting.
just because the dmg isn't noticeable right now doesn't mean it's invisible- trees matter for the future, now affects that.
Left my sunglasses in TX and now my eyes are slightly inconvenienced as I go to work. Life is good if this is what I have to complain about.
Shower radio has changed my life. What a concept.
Girls that "ALL OF A SUDDEN" are bisexual.... Lmao. Ok.
Thank you all for coming out to the 2011 Greater Milwaukee Auto Show! Don't forget to post some of your pics to our wall!
Happy Tuesday!
FRIEND: "How was the test?" ME: "I failed." FRIEND: "Awe cheer up. You’ll do better next time." BEST FRIEND: "HAHA! I failed too! High-5!"
good to see. Time for people to start thinking like a top notch city. Dreaming of what the new Courtside Club may look like.
Beer and pizza for peeps. See you in a minute!
REMINDER Exam II review in class today
RDVO looking for information architects and front-end prototypers.
I was cheering at home :P I'm so happy
I find it hilarious that we live in a country that thinks counseling is somehow relevant to smoking marijuana.
#wow Have you seen an amazing set of women starting a business today. We found one true team Come Sat after sundown. 
Thank God..the Weekend is Here!!:)
I expect at least an entire chapter about me.
Erryone should follow cause we need to make that happen (:
Thanks for the follow The ancient one told me to say hello to Nick Kripple!
awesome -when are you in DC? I'm buying the first round ;) /cc
Grandma's meatloaf, I love you.
I love the idea of eating a 1/2 tsp of butter with every bite.
aimless is my middle name
One prime purpose of this life is to help others. And if you can’t help them, at least don’t hurt them ~~~~
RT : Three Breast Cancer Survivors Make Fitness a Top Priority - USA TODAY: Three Breast Cancer Survivors Make Fitnes......
I am SO happy to find on here, she is like a sweet wind of change blowing in my direction!
Kishenblatt-Gimblett: "Global resource for Jewish culture is not just composed of data, but of the knowledge the data creates"
Famous Idahoans - check out this page:
Rust is showing on the Celtics
Congrats to facebook winners: Keir Mclaren and Deborah Dobias, First and Fourth place winners!
Man In The Mirror stopped, Remember The Time begins :D *remembering Iman -_- *got jealous.
I'm in student activities, primarily advising the programming board. My practicum in the fall is fraternity & sorority life.
is spreading the word! Make your voice heard! #jerrykramer4hof #kramerincanton We will stand together in Canton!
When you accidentally like something on Facebook and you cant unlike it..
it better
"Is the Open Science Revolution For Real?" - on alternatives to trad. publishing, citing + AltMetric bit.ly/xyuttp
We are touching up a Black Knight 2000 playfield tonight.
Regional exam scoring idea: Shoot a cannon after each exam box is done like Hunger Games
I AM --Went last year and had a BLAST... so I'm doing it again this year!
Seek out holistic practitioners (acupuncturists, chiropractors, massage therapists, etc.) to experience natural relief from pain.
Your kidding right? okay, im done with you... its your turn to apoogizw, cuz i know i did nothing wrong this go around. Fuck you.
"Unzip the Real Mitt" is a great slogan, but will never happen.
wish i were going too. next year for sho.
So close to 2000.
Quincey has more assists for the other team than for Red Wings since he joined the squad. Now gets a 5 minute major.
The only thing on my mind today not winning
people buy only when have pain and money to rid the pain,"sell painkillers, not vitamins"
#honestly i think you've lost your mind.
Sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely wonderful - provided you get between the right man and the right woman.
. has your coverage for the Manchester Derby
North Carolina needs an ammendment to outlaw Josh Hamilton. He just whalopped that HR.
Your world is crumbling but you Tell me smile it dosnt make any sense at all its not fair And it feels so wrong
As I make peace with where I am right now and take inspired action, everything gets even better.
tired, you?
get #olivertwist available on pronto !!
Just walked into a pet store full of snakes and alligators .....all eyes were on me...I felt like I was lunch.
Nice to be back in Austin
'Open collaborates with others and marshals their words and content to reveal the truth.'
"Do course pages make research too easy for students?" Me: not at all. It's not like they do the research for you!
I feel sorry for anybody that ever date me.
Trying to sublet my room for the summer. Unfortunately, you'd have to live with
Nope they have to ruin what is a hobby to most of us, so they can feel important in some way. Put that effort into real life!
there is Sam Barrington for you! Thanks you too :)
; "she must mean nothing if you do what you do so, why do you do it if you know that's not true?"
on my way!
If your going to buy a used car, consider a aftermarket warranty with it. Not sure if its worth it? Call me and i'll explain. 719-550-8282.
should i go to sleep or play video games?
Omg Sianga is getting so grown lol I miss u guys :)
Such an awesome shot. Looks like me golfing.
NO didn't you hear my flow? Rojo is stuck in jail, because he couldnt get bail lmao
govt shutdown in t-minus...
Magic, hawks... Garbage
Also not a very good website.
14 of 18 for my picks
We got a show April 25th! make sure ya come out and support!
Who's Lorenzo?
Hahaha I love all of this
Huh...I didn't know that the phrase "jumped the shark" came from an episode of Happy Days where Fonzie actually jumped a shark.
I own one of each. Got the Strat recently after playing the Les Paul for years. Collection is complete!
Friends, have any of you hired from oDesk or Elance before? Suggestions 1st-timers?I'm looking at bookkeepers from Mauritius to Argentina...
a wife beater, a cry baby, a guy who won't sign, a backup from Oakland and a lazy receiver from south Carolina = cellar dweller.
This poor girl didn't pass her written test for her test! She's crying!
Announcing the WordStream Internet Marketing 150: The Top Internet Marketing Software/SaaS Providers 2012
follow me love(:
I called Peyton though, he'll be around. You're welcome.
I walk so much faster then everyone else.
hope u have a great day as well!
Got Hunger Game Tickets ( So Happy Twilight Teaser Is Getting Played At Premier of Hunger Games, That's Pat The reason I'm Going )
But search marketing done right is all about being wrong
google groups is great, but it still requires that additional step of logging in. in the past I've found that to be a barrier
Why is rush hour traffic in #miami getting worse!!!
Today was a nice day
True improvement is not mastering others, but mastering your prior self (a good quote the source of which I wish I had!)
What the fuuuuck
thss Rapppin game on the PS3 > > > : )
Congrats! Enjoy your new pest-free home.
Well yeah
RT Vote so hard that Walker feels it.
Behind the videos: Who is Jason Russell? (via )
😂RT : ESPN need to fire yo ass you don't know shit about basketball RT : Is Andre Miller a Hall of Famer?I say yes
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
that's a clean hat lol
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "If someone SERIOUSLY wants to be a part of your life, they will SERIOUSLY make an effort to be in it."
My only wish is that I die real. Because the truth hurts & those lies kill.
fair enough. is that something that you coach your players to do though? asking in all honesty, have never played myself.
Getting ready for a staff wellness seminar! Does your business have a corporate wellness program?
fuck students jobs g shit is too fixed
haha yes. They're adorable. ♥
I would love it if you could.
Dam man I don't know what to do
m me too. i get regular AND grilled onions.
walking to work this early just makes me want to steal your newspaper.
Very nicely hand Paul our adoption papers...
You know you're a big fan when you've only heard a small part of #MILLIONBUCKS & it gets stuck in your head haha:)
"You always miss the shots you don't take" My mantra of the day.
Happy to be back teaching at KIFL. Love my classes there.
LOL at mom talking about how sexy dad used to be
My wife convinced me. I'm a lucky man.
Big thanks to Ernie Ball Strings, Brian Ball and Guitar Center for the opportunity to meet Eric Clapton in London later this month!
Watching Glee! Omg I am so dead right now! I love you Tina <3 Lol!
i love that song! = )
u think ur feet r....man I hope their grater is ready to go....
oh...Uh. sure. Thanks. *takes plate* it looks good thank you
Mothering and Motherhood in Ancient Greece and Rome edited by Lauren Hackworth Petersen F'11 now available from
Off Muskego to try to slow drivers down in a neighborhood where a family just lost a dog to an apparent speeding driver. Hope we can help!
Superstar house producer and dj Trent Cantrelle at Playhouse in Hollywood tonight. Hit me at (310) 971-3346 to RSVP or reserve a table.
What school taught me: Once a dumbass, always a dumbass.
It takes but 1 positive thought when given a chance to survive & thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
Last minute preparations... leaving for NYC day after tomorrow!
YUCK -- completely unreliable!
why do you think short bitches are cute hmm?
Happy Mothers Day
Won't happen as long as Mayweather keep looking for excuses. He knows he'll never beat Pacquiao.
RT DEC: AK salmon do not swim near Japan
playing with html...
did that article end abruptly or was it me? I didnt see a link for the article to continue..."He played baccarat. The end."
Is anybody ages 16-30 interested in sitting in on a focus group for a new clothing line on this Saturday? Drink and apps provided. LMK!
Skype date with the CuZZo ...I love that girl
I'm So Glad to call myself a #Mahomie Showing you some
who DOESN'T want to transfer!?
lol everybody was asking where jada
when will u make u comback
Just saw a chick who was at the bare minimum 6'7" and that is being generous
Thanks so much for being a friend!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
Hi how are ya doing? :)
For me, waking me up in the morning is a crime equivalent to strangling a small child with a plastic bag.
Listening to Cynical Skin on repeat all day... 's voice gives me the chills.. xD
Silence over there on the East Coast!!! LOL
Oh, and also #IWannaMeet !! :) and and and and and EVERY awesome country singer on the radio!!!! :D
My voice is still gone.... No job is worth that
#iwish our dreams become a reality !!
So easy, yet so hard for people to understand. Kant would be proud, Susan.
I swear I wish it was a cure for Cancer..
make my dreams come true and make a love baby with
Seriously? 200 empty seats & you're gonna sit right next to me..if this person starts sneezing or coughing it's on..
I believe the bruins have it in them this year to not only take out the lightning but to also win the cup!
Never give up on something you worked so hard on in the first place .
“: God damn my boy looks good in the Benz ” HILARIOUS
lol Boi u r silly! We are heading that way in 5 days hopefully they'll get they act 2gthr by then.
RT : do you have mad #ariba skills?
1 thing that correlate y we have a weak safety net than other countries is the belief that ppl of color wld abuse the system
you do realize we all know, its on the board.
pissin shittn on.my self etc etc
Commission business meeting will begin in approximately 15 minutes due to traffic caused by an accident on the interstate.
"I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive. I'm human, I'm not perfect but I'm thankful."
Leaving with Delbert tonight. In Charlotte at Neighborhood Theatre tomorrow night and Atlanta, at The Variety Playhouse on Saturday night.
like flabangos over beer bongs?
Soy un sacadito q no le gusta la luzzzz !!!
awful woman
Heh. Is that the banner? Looks a bit out of date. Perhaps you offer then an updated version, for a cheezeburger today.
♥ sixty degree days in November! : D
... He is now officially a busy man
YES! I'll meet you first! <3 And we'll go party with Austin!(;
I just met you and this is crazy.
also WWE's Triple H was with Floyd along with beebs and 50 cent
Listening to getting ready ready for the show tonight at the greek. It happens to fall on paul's bday!
she has to be a lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets
im tryna write this paper..... so distracted..
So might be singing at disney hall dont know if I should do it or not lol
Q1 continued. But the annual conference next year is in Dallas, so, yeah...
...bae sayn she love me u should b good
when Brian busted his ass! LMFAO
we'll be out Friday night!!
Playing for Chavez Next year.
From my book, Milliganism, Motivational Quotations and How Comes: When you learn better..... You start doing better!
My gf isn't speaking to me. All because I didn't open the car door for her. I guess I just panicked and swam to the surface.
Man... I get home early and my dog ate my Dad's Nerf Mjolnir hammer. Climbed up on my table, picked up the hammer and tore it apart. :(
Back in Houston! Missing the amazing weather and designers in Minneapolis!!
That Mike Epps stand up was funny as hell last nite Chicago showed him much love
please please please follow I love u so much
Almost done with my work... Takin forever.
Huntsman: Before Nixon went south, he established EPA, NIH, Nat'l Cancer Institute. Declared war on cancer
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.”
Can you jerk for us? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14
We’re glad you noticed. :) RT: Nutrigrain fruit bars - HFCS. Sunbelt fruit bars (bottom shelf) real sugar
The perfect straw tote for all your beach needs.
“ “ Could use some good sex right about now!!!””
We're in the final stages of edits for the fall issue! Get stoked!
No city invites the heart to come to life as San Francisco does. Arrival in San Francisco is an experience in living. -William Saroyan
Wow some girls look so ugly with tattoos. I like my clean skin thank you very much.
Patron says,'you have to capitalize all the words in the title for this search' yeah,you're the expert,thats why you came to me,idiot!
It all started with a clear purpose to a tangible dream. Right on !!
RT : A little more #FF to my #WW peeps RIGHT BACK ATCHA!
When girls hv no hips & a D'Angelo line u cant pay me to believe they arent just bitches whose dick got mistaken for an umbilical cord & cut
I watched I #LOVE it
I need him to do it for fantasy football sake! Lol
Is there a transcript or video for the Opening Plenary at #MW2011 ?
Don't look back your not going that way
*squeezes you*
I got a new boyfriend & a new vibrator on the same day. One of them isn't gonna last very long.
RT : A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is - it is what consumers tell each other it is. (Scott Cook)
Morrissey Monday at Charmington's! Also: fresh Macoun apples from Reid's Orchard in whole or muffin form.
Thanks for sharing..(the frames and the display is perfect) so much creativity and love! Goddess powered.
Anyone know if the Center Ice feed for the Isles/Pens game will be blacked out? I have NHL Center Ice but not Versus. :(
“: RT ain't no shakin' that Coachella tan! (don't tell me your bougie ass managed to not get one! Lol)” bahaha
Honky tonkin' down on broadway! I'm back from the dead. Whiskey please :)
hey y'all:) how's the night going for y'all?
love is... well... complicated
Why the hell did parts of my hair turn pink..
YES! beetle juice is on :)
Thanks so much to Gypsy Death Star for being an AMAZING opening act and setting such a fantastic vibe for the night!
We're hving a tornado drill at work
Really need to get off my lazy butt more...Vegas is coming too quickly and my bikini body is still hibernating.
Belated wave back.
We believe that all mothers deserve to care for their children with dignity.
#BoiseSOC Bieter: All of this is really faith in ourselves — faith in abilities; faith in our wisdom; faith in our city.
going to party like its 1972 when my dear Mrs. Pervis was here. going to treat myself to some pudding.
No final 4 for you. RT : BSB: Whelp, the Pilots can't escape the rain, today's game at Santa Clara has been pushed back to 6
Jerry Bruckheimer is a true American.
Finally done with work. Time to go VOTE!
Ah I'm so glad it's winter no school for two weeks I just got done with semester test yesterday
Dear god, what my blood pressure must be right now.
When I first made my twitter, I thought it was all about posting quotes so everyone could see how inspirational I was
"Give me your hand. Let me screw you."
i HATE being sick.....
Today is not the "first day of the rest of my life"...it is the LAST OF MY PAST!
RT More margarita in my tequila, por favor
wanna bet nigga
Amen. I don't know why I ain't in a witness protection program.
": Agreed :) RT thanks we should make another soon!!" <--- great I ll contact u soon! Xo
NBA Memes kills me 
Sometimes I can't believe my good luck.
who wants to cook me dinner ?
Baby you looking real good sexy.... I was wondering where was the other half of this picture...
You and me both ;p RT : i love to ROCK my COCK
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Can you turn that shit up for me right now?
RT : Very proud of the tonight. We worked as a unit & made an unprecedented number of voter contacts. Props!
Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it.
I'm So.Ready To Leave!!
Congrats to Wake County NC voters for kicking the segregationist school board to the curb tonight.
thank you!! Happy Friday everyone!!
Cool for a few days
Had some dank ass cookies though.
ive lost all my fanciness
Glad to be connected! Absolutely FREE mobile media marketing for your business Join the fun Success to All!
mascara runnin' down her little Bambi eyes, "Lana, how I hate those guys"
I love the gene Simmons show . <333
didn't think this is the shit" or something like that
what time?!
GM your pictures should be posted by today . Got some things comin up are you in Columbus
Wish I would have taken advise earlier and started reading book before today
Southern American.
GO CHUCK GO
Nothing in this world can turn off the light. (Paris Hilton)
Have an early morning appt. Out south & called myself leaving early to avoid traffic. Ha! Tell that to the Kennedy.
Just came in what's this all about?
always smile no matter how broke you are inside...
“Frustration is a two-edged sword...it can devastate the faithless and drive the timid insane, yet.." ~the Professor (Subjected: Eye of God)
This flu going around is really starting to harsh my mellow. Instead of drinking wine w/ I'll be on my couch watching Firefly
twitter should just be called "staller"
more like in the bathroom stall
I was planning to be there, but my son is ill. Please message me on Engrade, and I will make arrangements to talk with you.
I respect the preparation of that tweet!
New Leica M9 full frame camera will include Adobe Lightroom.
I cannot verify if that was really French, but it definitely didn't sound as scary in whatever language it was.
Ah, that's my colleague John Russell. Perhaps because I'll be away, it got past me.
agree on clash of educating kids vs protecting innocence. My son asked tough ?'s re: posters at rally. Had to be honest.
Nice! Enjoy, I have the game on, playing music on my ukulele.. :)
So jealous of the #DakotaCon peeps at the class today. *sigh* Maybe next year for Broty...
7pm tonight Hill Park (behind Seton Hall U.),will be a candlelight vigil in remembrance of Trayvon Martin. Wear a Hoodie in solidarity.
#alltimelow concert tonight!!!!
#HappyFirstDayOfSpring Get out there and enjoy the fabulous weather - After work of course ;]
Happy birthday, August Wilson.
The Microwave oven was invented in Boston but I don't see it on football or sport jerseys.
Happy Mother 's Day Columbus!
should thank for uploading, had picked it up from a RT by Cal last night.
Feel like I had a breakthough earlier...had to get to a coffee shop and get thoughts down on paper...@ the daily grind
haha hes no Devin Harris. I'd pick up John Louer over him.
*Good, gentle, and affectionate* is a good description
surgery? 🙏 praying everything goes ok
Than you for following us.
Ladies free is da word for friday night
Vegas is so busy this afternoon!
We're looking for an exclusive #spa sponsor for this year's event. Wanna be the only spa/salon at our event? Let us know!
I NEED TA GET ON A TRACK 4REAL! RT.
Looking for people who want to make money with their business!!
yeah, get in thurs nite, but leave sat morn for austin for a bach party. will this be the first year you go since you made NFL?
just rewatched for the first time today. So great
Just saw Fatigo too. Like a more indie TMBG. still flyin' on next. So sweet to be at quiet fun show right now.
I've reached Nerd status w/ #GameOfThrones. Relying on podcasts 2get my fix since wife refuses 2participate 2 level of detail I ask of her
Indeed that is lame,but isn't that the point of what is going on today?Not everyone (especially older reps) understand the danger
What document do you absolutely need to receive when you hand money to someone who works on your home? A signed, notarized lien waiver
1!week to Miami
How much online shopping do you do?
Are you addicted to pinning like we are? Owner Ashley Grant has created an adorable board for Magnolia Bay Toffee! Follow us on Pinterest!
The Bucks face the LA Lakers here at the Bradley Center tonight at 8:30 p.m. Go, Bucks!
I have no say in that sort of thing
#whenitwascoolto be first in line (:
I don't like how Roc Nation is using Beyonce to make Rita seem credible, though. "Beyonce likes Rita Ora so you should too" is pretty weak.
Feeling a little stuck. I need a new outlook on things and possibly some motivation.
awesome! I recently quit too, so nice job on getting to gym & non smokin!
I hate cleaning my room, but I love relaxing knowing how clean it is afterward.
It's not always the best hand dealt that wins, it's the hand that plays the best & smart way.
“: I'm so close to shooting a fire work in my big ass backyard to get this damn cricket to shut the fuck up”
Either You real or You Fake!!!! Ain't no in between!
that's always a good thing. everyone could use a few more crunches i imagine.
Let's get some more followers for !!! He deserves them! (: <3
what! pizza in 's class tonight!
yea I know. Before he was hurt, I was very optimistic. Our bench is only "alright". We are down to LBJ & Dwade basically
you bring up sex but im the freak lol
The air conditioning in my house died. Someone come revive this sucker! I need air, i am NOT a desert plant!
Soo I Got Join In A Math Contest With My Friends, Just Found Out Non Of The Competitors Are Beliebers. They're Gonna Be Sorry ;)
why do kids fight sleep? Lock me in a room with a comfy bed, pillow and blanket there will be no protest!
YAY! And the job will come. :) You're too awesome to not get hired. I say that as your mentor.
GoodReader to reflow and make pdfs readable on smartphone. If that works as advertised I'm on board!
I'm really into friendly fires right now <3
I am a questioner, undeniably.
Nothing would make me happier than my going home right now. I hate school -_-
Probably should think about getting two, just incase one is defective. Safety first!
I didnt want to take gym but I did anyway and now my stomic hurts more
are work or college?
I can't tell if the new guy at work laughs at my jokes because he thinks they're funny or because he's sucking up. Don't really care, either
Yay! Best news I've heard all week!
#Record low #temperatures tied for may 10th... Portland Airport... ... 37 degrees set in 1999
The proper use of the mind separates champions from good players.
So many people are getting it in tonight #springbreak (;
Approval plan tackled. Snack time and catching up on
Been busy, not making the time for the ones who really care. I mean I have but not enough..
it took me such a long time to figure out that damn thing!
Well, That wasn't very nice.Chubby people give good hugs :)
Fan games. Please play Fan games.
This kids throwin mousetraps at people
When's your next show? I stand ready to keep you stocked with brownies.
Yes the Eagles won. Hope ur back in the game soon. Good luck in Houston.
yeah that's bad...
Am so excited for May.
Revo San Diego Website launches - Next Wednesday November 11th!
thanks, appreciate it!
Finish setting up for PGBC Holiday Party tomorrow! Two more xmas parties to go...i love my job, i am having so much fun!
If you see an ethnic group trending, don't click on it. You won't feel good.
We need to hangout again. SOON. Watch avengers! (:
But you don't! RT This week sucks...
has to get used to travelling with a newborn and think about a bigger car...so much gear to carry around!!
playing with tadpoles.
cant for the new #TwoAndAHalfMen series!! i wonder who's be better ; Charlie Sheen or Ashton Kutcher...
ABDC!! Finally starting in the west coast!
I can't get the images to load. I've been trying since this morning..
Great article in the #NYTimes, Out on the Town, Always Online "Many New Yorkers keep their smartphones always within reach"...
I love it!
Here I am
Got into cake fight today, so much fun (:
I'm sending those tomorrow mane! GET WORK DONE!
thanks for another well done #mozinar we really enjoyed tuning in.
1st game called at half due to lightning. Lost 0-1. On to breakfast!
Hi tuck
I am amazed by the incredible talent, brains, and determination of the young people I know. #followyourdreams #ilovemykids&theirfriends
Fuji Provia 100F disappeared practically overnight... backordered almost everywhere. Man! It's like Y2K at the grocery store all over again.
I honestly haven't even started packing yet, so that's a timely tip. :)
Shes more pressed than an outfit on Easter sunday -__-
we will need to have another Fringe discussion after you watch the season finale.
A perfect, sunny day in San Diego. What should I do?
uh!!! What have I got myself into? Purple pill on deck 💊
hey! er, sorry, what are you asking?
I follow back too. Lets rock this.
Special guest "star" tonight as sits in.
Its annoying when people try to tell you what "you" said.
"If you're ever in trouble, don't call the police!" is what my maternal grandmother always told me.
It has put my plans for this week on hold.
Journalist Lee Woodruff is so comfortable with the radio medium. Interesting conversation right now.
Love that question or the protein one...same place your food gets it from...
Im a die-hard Browns fan and I just can't see myself keeping up with a non-Brown player, is for that.
I found ya. So remember when Billy was singing behind Kevin, & I said,"Kevin look behind U" & he said, "I know its Shavar." ??
As i much you annoy the shit outta me, and buy me stuff, I love you mother ..
OK, we just sent you a DM.
Any suggestions for good health/fitness apps for the iPhone?
Just got to Arizona from LA then hopped on my plain to Dallas from Arizona ready to be home. :)
Post-wedding brunch at Mother's in Bmore...ready for a nap!
can't wait to see you! Asking to you sign a couple books is always my highlight of the con!
I really hope Patty doesn't read this! At least she's ahead of the tea!
Happy Valentine's day to you too <3
make sure you're following are consolidating accounts. namaste!
haha. yeah! by the way, your mixtape for the delights for pysch minds is the JOINT!
;) Happy Friday :)
Hi your cute!
Please check out this website. Doing good things on multiple levels.
Shoutout to our sponsor Attorney Tarena Franklin...the greatest family law attorney ever. Hit her up if you require services 414-758-7341
There's no one to listen so you laugh to yourself.
Rip busted droid .. Finally making the switch to
Hot green tea and honey
Thanks man - Congrats on the potential new role I heard about!
lol block them
Will be selling prints at the Spokane Arena on Saturday Dec 17th at the Spokane Chiefs vs Portland Winterhawks game.
Senate TAx Committee votes to recess WITHOUT voting on a Vikings stadium bill. Confusion reins in jackaldom.
sitting here at work sleepy as hell
a dang moment... come home from a long day sit down relax ...cut t.v on an realize yuh aiant got Cable loll
Save the date on May 5th...Only Just a couple more weeks till #DerbyDay!
Need a recommendation for a photographer in the Twin Cities area in April
Emailed twice and have not heard a reply since Friday afternoon. Where can I replace the main chipset exactly?
Come on Pens!!
I asked her what that mouth do...and then she did it
I agree RT : Kandi is rocking that giant weave ponytail for the reunion and looks FIERCE!!!!!
is fresh like a ripe cantaloupe
nordies is having their men's half yearly sale! Give it a whirl?
Fell down the stairs today...with a suitcase.
Love this show ! Enjoy watching it!
VIP treatment for me.....lol
What ? Three judges got ousted for legalizing gay marriage ? Thats Horrible ! They sound like Heros
East siders about to hit mill for
I wish I could stay home and watch movies for the rest of the day
a student I'm mentoring doing something related. LA County is allowing ppl to vote if sworn in by 11/6, neat huh?
Coconut Ciroc and Lemonade is the drink of choice tonight.
Equal pay for equal work, thank you very much
We are looking for a new Dance Group of the Week- any thoughts?
Someone needs to help Rihanna, she likes rude boys, loves it when people lie to her and apparently forgot her name.
Can't wait for tomorrow. Happy to be feelin better.
HU is clearly the most awkward in the majority of situations.
#npsg "Today we see a new paradigm. It's no longer: people go where the jobs are..."
boo “: Ok will I get shot ,standing ovation or will I het booed”
Enjoying the early beautiful springlike weather in Buffalo. Plans include a long walk outside to make the most of it. Happy Friday friends!
Thanks for the RT!
Slow texters<<< Just at the right time texters >>> Fast texters
Were falling apart... and idk what to do about it.
3 different partners or same guy?
Ikr :D now I luv punk but he just crossed the line
Thank you very much for the RT :)
GB baby!!! Matt Flynn set Packer record books! 15-1 now a bye week!
twistin up a blunt thinkin bout my next dollar
Im Bella!:]
I love reading books with intense and thickening plots that make them impossible to put down. Reading one now. :)
Haha oh damn! I look forward to it ;)
Open mic getting started...until about 9:30pm...let's rock!
Ravens and Chargers on #SundayNightFootball. Big game for both teams. Who's going to win?
you preggers, or is that a movie?
It's called the unfair wrath of David Stern so blatant!
Me too! Will look for recording. Glad this is popular! RT #sloancres Bounced out of webinar...can't get back in...reached limit
Hartford to West Palm Beach just went on sale. Can I catch a 6am flight?
Hate being a guy in Vegas on hot day,,,,, can't get anti any nightclub with shorts but babes can
Wishing I could join crossfit :/
I used to hate coffee and now I hate that I'm addicted to coffee.
Mix 1 egg, 1 cup beer, 1 cup flour, dunk cheese curds in it, fry in hot oil! Make 'em at home!
Who remembers favorite candy. I'm eating some rite now. Bet u can't guess it
Shoes look great! Let's hope they do the trick. Don't forget to stretch and strengthen too. Good luck!
Kindness is like snow - it beautifies everything it covers. ~ Anonymous
MT : Glad, family together in church. Takeaway: Christopher needs work on etiquette in service. #happyproudbutheisloud (Yay)
": Once you're attached, you're fucked."
Good Morning! An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world. -George Santayana
If you received a DM or tweet from me saying there is a "bad blog" about you - don't click the link!
Niall is single and looking? I VOLUNTEER! I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE (;
.RT : Sometimes the person blowing u off is doing you the BIGGEST FAVOR EVER!! #dontDWELL"
The number of display bugs on Travelocity in Chrome is astonishing.
TOMORROW Queen, Living Color, David Bowie + Mick Jagger $11
Am I a computer nerd since I already knew some of those?
S/o to my boy and bestfriend since we were 7 Happy birthday bro
Habits begin with a conscious decision.
Assassins Creed Gameplay released. Must watch asap!
Watching Martin.
Use what you don't show/say: sometimes a good pause says more than words…
And about them js that's comin out smh raw
I mean I prefer the 4th thats a great day but the 1st is kool too
you sure? The Section 357 Show is airing right now. How'd you hear Jazzmine Sullivan?
Look for $DNN to keep going up tomorrow it moved up $0.12 today at $1.06 a share you can double your money in 3 mths
On my way to meet with Cosmopolitan and Good Housekeeping! Only 2 of the largest women's mags in the world. No big deal or anything.
oh -- wednesday. Well, when you get it in, then i'll say good job! Let me know how it goes.
And hopefully it's just a precursor to someone that's in Nashville's rotation coming up to replace Chulk/Dillard.
Bowen: Vick, DeSean Don't Practice Les Bowen of the Philadelphia Daily News discusses Michael Vick and DeSean Jackson missing practice We
“Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.” — James Baldwin
Man these boys on fire
Summer Clearance going on now!
You're very welcome. Best of luck with the rest of the exhibition
My #fridayreads: "A Study in Scarlet" (Conan Doyle, though I shouldn't need to say)
That pin wasn't very safe.
We're checking now. Will let you know as soon as we get the answer!
yes you are and thats a good thing keep grindin
Giving God all the glory
We've had that a bunch of times this winter. I have bare grass on 95% of my yard. Weirdest winter ever.
I'm so pissed right now. Get on oovoo ASAP.
Then the moment will pass. Man will be gone. There will be nothing to show that we were ever here... but stardust.
I've never seen so much excitement for GREASE before!
please welcome to our family our bulldog sister
Anderson's face after that misfield looked almost physically ill.
I got them moves like Jagger, I got them moves like Jagger, I got them moves like Jagger!!
If u follow us we follow u...so if we have a million following us we should b following a million plus hit us up
“: RT : This is a Day that the Lord Has Made I will Rejoice and Be Glad in it!”😃😃😃
Is it #friday yet? This week can't be over soon enough.
Good morning San Diego and happy Friday! And for all our #StarWars fans out there, May the Fourth be with you!
Yang Jing from Beijing is playing the dinner/concert series on Monday. Oaklands 7 year running vegan underground restaurant.....
Thank you Evan Zeppos of #ZepposandAssociates for coming to meeting today.
you will see him someday !
I'm happy for you cuz!
the more technical side of UDL (captioned videos, well structured docs and websites, etc) may be more challenging
“: McCarran welcomes attendees arriving for the World Market Center’s Winter Las Vegas Market. Enjoy our amazing city!”
we're so profesh.. Can't wait for celebrations mañana! Team Edward/Jacob/Rosie 4life
ok then chill cuz i sing better than u
Wish I had someone to chill with tonight
The countdown has started...good morning good people.. tgif...and april fools to
I Love You Sister <3 <3
I had no idea until today that the Beastie Boys were a hip-hop group. Total surprise.
#RelationshipsEndBecause when the boy loves his playstation more than he loves you, It's not real love.
I'm just being myself, seeing where life decides to take me.
Thank you ALL, #wiunion and other friends. Remembering last spring. Have my sign displayed in my room and a Recall Walker sign....
Jammed the songs on guitar and drums today. Ain't the same with no bass but practice is practice!
Thanks Carter!
what's wrong?
Let's get wasted.. Chocolate wasted. duh! c: LOL
I'll give you the deets when I come to visit in May!!! Get ready for Liz-fest!
ill'n
Wheels up Chicago next stop D.C.
especially a Sunday morning... : I love the smell of JIRA in the morning.
Never say never right ? I will never give up on you, your My inspiration follow me <3
Haha its bad when your bff txt you to remind you! We need to be on top of our Shit!
awhh I love you bestfriend :) we need to seriously hangout I miss you like crazy!!
Perhaps an 'alternative to screen' might be a better framing than
Thanks! Will do
Dr. Who is the only thing in life that will always be there for me.
#Follow these ladies for daily tips
Finally! All done with the interior painting! Now the outside which is really going to be a pain
Something big is cooking in the Dovestech oven. Is it a Turkey or is it business related? Find out soon! (#Thanksgiving #Turkey #Cooking)
Figured out the intro to Mcr's "March to the Black Parade" :3
Clearly, only someone from Northern Virginia would know such a fact LOL ... and how true this is! :)
I love that #Cubs fans clearly haven't learned from Bartman...guy blatently swipes at the fair ball to try and grab it from play
What kind of microphone do you use?
Also, I slept 11hrs last night, it was magnificent!
you're welcome!!
they think it was a 5.8.. That's what everyone at the mall is saying.
I should have clarified that strawberries and nutella were better than dating, not that a date did this for me. Geez. Oh, add
We need a lunch and shopping date asap!! <3
apparently i have a great voice and should be on broadway.
Happy final weekend of Summerfest! Hope you all have a great weekend... and maybe join us for brunch or a beer or two? ;)
Which SYTYCD Vegas week interview should I post next? Nigel, Lil C, Adam, Mary, or Debbie?
time for bed and is going on a really amazing rant about how 95% of people shouldn't have the right to creative self-expression <3
Graduating students are picking up their caps and gowns today! Do you remember getting yours?
And ready to hear Ms. address the IMFFA
Lol whatever. That dump was so huge you had to bring out the big guns & broke that thing! Hahaha!
have a good one lol
I'm sure if you tweet about how tired you are you'll fall asleep faster.
What's better, the Hunger Games book or movie? ' blogger and guest blogger Miguel Rodriguez weigh in!...
I am gorgeous! What about you guys?
"At least you aren't allergic to cats," says about my forever single status.
Yes I am totally human. Good to know that there are still people on Twitter.
oh, LOVE tulips!
bizzy bone lookinn ass..yu smell like hot breathe and sour chips wit yo wolf lookinn ass..akon nose wit a size 12 shoe lol
#BYEonRadio. please help us trend #BYEonRadio. if you haven't heard Before You Exit. then go check them out on youtube. they are awesome. :)
Haha Joey walk in and goes haha so your watching gta4?
Blown...ill prolly just go MIA today
19-2 Cleveland over the Yankees. Wow.... whoops, make that 20 - 2.
NP !!!! Check out my New track "Brink of Success" on Reverb Nation, FB etc thanks for the support
Shake it shake it shake tht healthy butt.. baby got back
i dont understand why im so awake right now
Rain, rain go away come back another day
on #Leadership - "Ordinary people can make Extraordinary contributions," Steve McAuliffe on anniversary of Challenger disaster. Amen.
Well, that's not so good. Hope it healed(s) fast!
#occupyCPAC costume: 'Mitt' full body baseball glove and the tax dodgers.
- If I had my way, we'd be piping the Beasties loudly thru the whole office!
have u got their cd yet?
congrats! and great name.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book .
S/o to my nigga !
gonna jump rope! :)
I'll take it. Years as a PSU fan have made me accept winning ugly.
My younger cousin once complained to me she had to write a paper on a typewriter. I just laughed.
#pdx Google Nexus with Verizon LTE/CDMA doesn't work in NE Portland.
Wish i was at the #garden for the #redhotchilipeppers concert
If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in the darkness, we lie, and do not the truth: 1 John 1:6
NC's #Amendment1 (close to passing) would ban not only gay marriage, but civil unions & domestic partnerships. #secondclasscitizens #srsly?
die a virgin not a sinner
We love families who run on Dunkin'. RT : My uncle's buying me #coffee this mornin! #FTW (@ Dunkin' Donuts)
“: My ass >> your ass #bigbootyprobz”
I hate benedryl omg
Hm, it's Friday but I have some money that's burning a hole in my pocket so shopping it is :)
today was a good day i hope that everyone else had a good day as well
Happy Oscar Day! We arent super excited by this year's Academy Awards because of the poor nominations, but we support our fellow filmmakers!
My bros hmu this morning just to say they love me ;) NORTHSIDE OR NOTHIN
S/O to Veronica Jackson, for helping TFPG get to the show!!!
No no no. I wasn't insulting you... I was describing you. #exactly #truthhurts 😉
hard to say how true/biased the article is, but even if half of it is true... After reading a few books on the dollar crisis, gold standard,
Thanks for the retweet !
RT : Yet to register for #Entrepreneurs Conf & need a discount code? DM me TODAY. Codes EXPIRE Fri. 5/18!...
You've paid your dues... Good Luck You can win another one.
now that class is over, its time to do homework, well first fixing up my new place.
Lee: Lack of jobs, unemployment rates are double nat'l avg in communities of color.
Keep your gum in your mouth wade.
Thanks, ! RT: Wow what a site! Well done Prologis and Volker for turning fields in to distribution park excellence!
Watchn the game
If a test is to be the measure, then don't forget that many teachers have been part of a one student's instruction (including parents).
The shipping cost range depends on the number of items ordered and location they are shipping to.
Whoa! This is true in my WIP.
Bummed... Parents do not get to attend without a ticket.... Majorly bummed. They want me to drop her off alone.
Pussy are you here, for fucking huh!! lol
Lovely dish. Jennings to Sanders ... again.
gas up yer VW bus :)
Morning Tweeties. Hope you had an awesome weekend.
when in fact, I think historians could make amazing interpreters b/c there's a deeper understanding of context sometimes.
1348 Washington ave. Miami Beach, FL 33139 call me at 1-888-6-FIX-IPHONE if any questions
Wow, thanks , that's exciting!
WAS GOOD FAM
It's going down mayne. Can't wait for the interview
Ohh you have a diary? Please tell me how important you think your secrets are.
Umm Did I Tweet you Back??
follow me back
Pretty excited to MC preschool graduation with #lovethosekids 😁❤🎓🎤
It's so weird seeing teachers come to elmers with family... #youactuallyhavealife?
Taylor Jones won at Portland Meadows today - horse has now accrued $9,210 this season. Winnings donated to to help kids.
wow ur answer tells me you really hate on mondays.. HAha
We're fortunate to be in the DC market! Buyers, sellers, and Realtors!
•Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man that I want my children to spend their weekends with?
Im so ready for CASTLE!!!!
RT : Attending Midsize Enterprise Summit?Send us ur Twitter handle & follow #mes12 [Come say hi to me & the crew]
That is wonderful! Good to hear.
lolol one day I shall be on your level O' Great One lol
All baseball batters need to wear head gear that will protect the entire head because those hard fast baseballs are very dangerous.
Perhaps there are so many bad movies because no one allows the writer to be the story expert on the film.
If you had TM'd "embrace the crazy" we could have had our first cease & desist with Missed opportunity.
#2dollarsubs, yea I could probably get a deal like that using
In algebra class.....(:
If your deodorant isn't helping you ? wash Pits once a day with a facial cleanser that contains benzoyl peroxide to kill b.o bacteria !
Nikita Khrushchev~ Whether you like it or not history is on our side. We will bury you.
Hahaha... I love ya ♥
vacation is just so boring these days,,, but still family counts especially with the fun...
JK - I've been reading tweets all day!
- You're friends right? Wanna do a two-way sync with eachother?
I think bieber might be around for awhile, it's looking like he'll never hit puberty
Find a new favorite wine ! We open at 5:00pm six days a week w/ SOCIAL HOUR ($5 glasses) from 5-7p everyday!
Watching Halloween for the 2nd time this week...by myself.
Interviewing students for /HACER scholarships is amazing! Theme: Latinos fight financial setbacks to succeed
I'M LATE BUT I LOVE GOAPELE'S MUSIC.
lol she likes the most random people.
Had to fill out yet more paperwork for my SS disability filing. Wish they'd just give it to me all at once.
U MAD CAUSE U CHECK AINT COME....
I am currently coo coo for Cocoa Puffs.
I am so lucky to have an amazing home in forest heights with an amazing personal interior designer! Pix to come late.
When you mentally "check out" from your life, your job or your relationship, you CANNOT be surprised to wake up and find it in ruins!
56 Days 10 Hours 28 Minutes until Techweek 2012 Conference+Expo... where does the time go?!
are u here?!?
Today is a GREAt day.... :D
Thanks, hope it was useful!
So excited to have my art at the new store in Green Hills ! They have lots of great personalized gifts&items for your home.
They don't need to know my business!!
Bigelow Blvd leaving downtown is insanely backed up. What gives?
Only a week left in our Mother's Day contest to win permanent makeup for your Mom. Post a pic and tell us why she deserves to win!
Buy an Internet Radio Player by mulberry1
JFC...wow...that company has been struggling for a while, hard to believe though in a town that size.
Happy Mothers Day luvz
Shaking or trembling is a common physical symptom of #socialanxiety disorder. It's a result of the fight-or-flight response.
Hope we'll get to hear it someday!
Quick Jabs: Amir Khan Loves Fish, Nonito Donaire Got Beat Up By A Girl (Again ... - The Queensberry Rules
Our new banner is now standing tall-Carson
Friendly reminder, journal Entry One is due on Friday. The instructions are posted in the content section and drop box area of D2L.
I rely on tweets 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Clarissa: name of an average girl that is really pretty, but is crazier than a mushroom stamp. Can sing like an angel.
School, Y U NO EXCITING. The one day i actually have energy.
#WorkFlow than headed to Paterson for Music Video.
": It hurts when u put all your time and energy into someone and it falls apart like it was never there"
Honored to be the sole Democrat running in Assembly District 22-San Mateo. On to the June primary and November general election.
Haha I just saw this! Hi Mrs. Rulli!
Yep sure, whatever you say. Im done withyou. That somg forget you sure id coming in handy right now.
Morgan freeman is my fav action hero!
At New Beverly to see THE COOK, THE THIEF, HIS WIFE, AND HER LOVER for the first time.
Fuck waitN for 2 months,I want that pussy in a day...stuck a fast dyke looking bitch...don't let ya shit decay
Apps are cool, but only part of the picture.
RT : Seriously, I'm happy all y'all had non-bipolar mothers who didn't try to cast Satan out of you every other Tuesday. Now STFU.
What's the word coming out from a tournament near you?
almost done; last body & then conclusion. someone keep me awake!
Who here thought #RonPaul already had stopped campaigning? My hand is raised. I can't keep up with
I was hoping to meet Dahvie again and getto see who he got to rplace Garrett
woof. these jobs is hard. ready for a break.
photoshopped! Nice try!
actually no, then ill get nervous haha
you are entitled to your opinion, it just could have been offencive to some people, including me. so I spoke up.
Looking for PMP Certified PM's for the Lauderdale area that have experience managing vendors and large projects.
The 16 miles today will be warm to say the least ... Hope a cold front arrives in 90 min!
Under new commercial representation with Lewis and Beal.
John Panko Vice President of Sales for Richfield Hospitality
I'm pretty sure I have A.D.D.. I'm suppose to be studying right now, but I-
SATURDAY 12/4: Josh Hoge w/ Todd Carey, Isaac Russell DOORS @ 8PM! | www.thecanalclub.com
your mother is always with you Lane. <3 Never forget that. She's so proud of you. Happy mothers day to her:)
because I wasn't getting any love
Today's #walk - came upon a man playing the clarinet - warming up for church performance of faith of our mothers - my mom played clarinet
I really need help guys. please, anyone that lives in the chicago area please tweet me.
hope it goes well :-)
prolly next week more than likely then
Shave and haircut on that series! Yikes!
what would i do without arabic coffee...
go eat some rice pudding!
that's funny. Cause when I was 5 I had to get 10 stitches cause I cracked my head open ... xD
WOOOPS! Thats cause the #Marlins are on the big boy screen! Waltz & McCarver?!?!? We are taking over baseball! This is awesome!
GOL DE TITO VILLA
Always looking out for Matt. You'll be taking care of and I when we reach the back nine of life.
I wanna watch hsm
thanks for following.
Off to eat food and drink alcohol in Santa Monica.
Setting up twitter sites for imagining america at KSU and MAST at KSU. Follow us as we grow!
Finally got my license
I hate that inverstigator dude! #PrettyLittleLiars I'm still clueless on who A is... >.<
followed =) 'swag'
Some rock stars trash hotel rooms. Our Bass player, Tonya TOTALS CARS! Mad respect for your "Show must go on" attitude, girl! -Rich
great just started using myh phone and its red already ..... #fuckyouphone ):/
Why is it everytime I tell my parents I have a girlfriend, tha first thing they say is "She White or Black"? -___-
...hate you for it.
Dear philly... Ur team still sucks really bad... Ur gonna get ur ass handed to u... Sincerely bulls fan :-)
RT : Lol everyone in my school thinks they're so cool for drinking underage.
Very welcome!
trust no dick. -_-
Getting Auth failed on the iPad setup, but have a giant account. Help?
Aww YAY! Yes I think I will be in town that weekend, but not 100% sure, but you should definitely remind me when it gets closer!
...can't thank you enough times for everything that you've help out with for the global bass scene. Much luv
Don't try & play me for no fool !
So excited on how they look!“: Just got the shirts and they will be on bodies headed to Africa soon. Thanks!”
yes true that :)
well helloo[; how are you? Follow me?
I'm not on the #NHL hockey bandwagon because I've been making a good effort to follow the entire season, but definitely on #Kings bandwagon!
Intro, schmintro, just write it. OR... Have someone else write it.
is auditioning for an episode of the TV Show "House." Thank you to my agent Lisa Berman. :-) (@ 20th Century Fox Studios w/ 7 others)
Posted new songs on soundcloud... check them out... 5 total...
Ahh...I think this is the first dancer I absolutely know and you will too.
Writing a very, very special post. This one will steal your heart...
Drive is an awesome movie
Seeing old friends from high school>>
The Nintendo 64 is a timeless system, and is always great with multiplayer and some beers.
so not prepared for this ride
I need sleep.
Makes sense now!
Siri totally sucks. It only works about 5% of the time.
#FF Following all great people,art,food, stylist " " @ Monicasacayalla great products
is that your gut feeling?
what the hell with all the road closures? 110 to 66 is shutdown, highland street is blocked off.. just trying to get on 66 here y'all
QK is a ninja.
All great truths begin as blasphemies. -George Bernard Shaw
You are a candidate for Breast Enhancement if (1) you would like larger breasts, or (2) you have one breast larger/smaller than the other.
Do you miss your brother & sister ?
For Christmas two different people gave me a copy of 11/22/63. Think I've talked about it enough?
Glad to meet you today at the Restoration Christian Fellowship Luncheon. May God continue to cover you in your ministry.
Just took a krav maga class and or kicked my tail!!!!!
I find it hilariously that u r listening to the radio! Love it.
good morning mama ... My bad was busy with my clients
yeah, SURE! :) That's why SOME females get the pleasure of finding the guy that's got his shit together
framing hanley's "lollipop" cover <3
I don't always win playoff series, but when I do... I prefer to do it in 7.
Un-FF: - first he goes all Favre on us; then he bashes Bo. Nothing personal, but this time... it's personal.
enjoyed the finale #TSC u all brought it big time
Haha, that'd be me right now. Ha.
Next Debate, analog tweeted
I absolutely hate being dyslexic
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
Only thing good bout Indiana is Pawnee
That's where I am.
Samsung Galaxy S
I have a great free promotion site link on my profile if you need it. Do you follow for follow? i am intersted :)
RT , Plenty of opportunities to volunteer this weekend, including our new corral See UAEA.org for shifts.
Ok #Dallas people it's Officially 6 day until #Comicon !!!
Thanks for the RT's!
Wanted to wish everyone a great Feb 29th! Enjoy the gift of this "extra" day.
Thanks for your support Trevor! Hope you can make it to the class :)
Ugh Halloween. girls r gonna b out in tiny tutus w/their fit legs + tight asses peaking out. Thinking about it just-
#Cozy dvd cases knitted!
Wish we could be ther for ya buddy...break a leg :)
which one
Hi Camilla tell her I'd stick up for any Hooligan or Panda. Love U
Perhaps but you didn't answer the question. Pretty or sexy?
Ugh this girl annoys me.
lol ok ain't nun wrong with that
my twifey, my love, my boo lol so yall dudes stay away
noodles is poor people food. Never understood tht sayin customer I stay eatin noodles but I got money in my pocket!!
losing a limb would be a bad thing but it would probably give you some serious street cred
we will grown our own supplies if the world would just help us like we pretend to help them.
the black rusty palms...that look stained
Last one to RT wins!
YES cant wait for this final season!
Here at Chicago Demon's practice. Bad basketball #AAU 👎
grilled cheese sandwich.
"One On One" was such a fave album of mine!!! Thanks for that!!! :-)
NVM. I'm drinking.
87 and sunny! Guess I will be out all day
Thanks Molly. Unless I'm mistaken it was done by one of the Racenation developers. my guess would be
Spilled beer on my keyboard...
not really :/ I haven't been too good lately honestly but how are you? (:
I give Henrik Stenson credit. 1.) Didn't break a club after his 8. 2.) Had the brass to call his 8 a "snowman." Luv it!
Empire Room Tonight!!!!!!!!
is located at 400 N Water street.
Thx for following edu_MarketingIdeas is a collaborative Twitter feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital agency
Get Your Good On service project today at Academy Charter School! :-)
NEMO'S FRIENDS: "Don't touch the boat!" NEMO: "YOLO"
Follow-Up Quote from Sunday’s Worship... “We can do no great things, only small things with great love.” (Mother Teresa).
what do you think about Isaiah?
Wish I could forget when she was mine..
That french dude from "The Artist" is HAWT!
somewhere where I wanna be lol & were all good, maintain. How's your sis & dad?
I Was Kinda Sorta Thinking you Should kinda Sorta Share Your Last Name With Me.. ❤
Let's Go Heat!!!! Beat the Knicks
hot like mexico
Where has #StyleTipoftheDay gone? Can we get a platitude about emerging popularity of the 'pinnie'?
Women were created for a reason, to keep men sane.
Breaking: Britney Spears joining the X-factor, doubling the craziness
I haven't heard one person say he was washed up, have you?
she is otta line!
#Resurrection "Peace Be With You"
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book .......
A lot of people complained it was over produced. If they didn't double track vocals it would sound perfect. Listen with one earbud sometime.
To love what you do and feel that it matters - how could anything be more fun. ~Katharine Graham
Morning Charles!
sounds good, have you got material online to listen to?
i know im typing them because i told him "you had the typed copy" lol me salve! haha ^-^
About to hear talk by Larry Grossberg at UIUC then party like its 1979. Well, one of those statements is true, anyway.
Hi! What are the requirements for the Account Manager Position?
I want my alright alright alright t shirt!!
My teacher lame af
. Not original but, Phil. Or maybe Bill (as in Bill Murray).
The second your ex deletes you on Facebook you know it is finally over
One of the best ever. no doubt. The hall seems pretty unforgiving about gambling. it's a shame.
Oh my god this casino is blasting paper gangsta
Thanks for the shoutout!
Having one of those days where you don't feel like you've showered, or even completely woken up. Not bad, just feel dirty and out of it.
checking out the webinar - nice to hear AND see
