The Cougars were all tailgating in the RV lot as visions of a new Martin Stadium danced in their head... #gocougs #regents stadium vote
Perfect weather for Evening at Gropius
We've entered the crying baby stage...fun!
Mayday Time!! Wish was here!!
I have seen so many hateful comments today its ridiculous. they are idiots plain and simple
*tomorrow* This is now, we not slandering Boston so why stick up for them???
HUNTER!! I wish I could see you tonight in Nash! I'm out seeing Lee Ann Womack this wknd, but sending a friend 4 me, c u soon!
What you are trying to be, not what you were, is all that matters.
I'm Great! How about you? :)
It was WOW! Smelled very tart with lots of cherry and booze, but it drank smoother than any Mad Elf I have ever had. Loved it!
Corey, we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 Pro Athletes. Would LOVE to do 1 for you FREE 2 promo songs. Follow & DM us!
ewww....it's getting nasty outside
Plus I got third honors and they forgot to say my name.
Excited to finally eat at this Sunday!! Thank You for drinks and dinner in advanced from the front desk girls!! :)
ME ALSO.
omg hahahah me and andrew just watched this. That was so funny.
at this point my service with them acts up anyway. Tired of paying and they go up whenever they feel like it.
so what we smoke weed !
Cray, yolo, swag are the most annoying words ever.
Up Early for skating :)
it was fun!!!
Is your xbox ok? :-P
Off to the gym, then reading some scripts, casting for a project, then back to the gym. Everyone have a wonderful and productive week!
Have youu experienced the Legendary Zucchini?
Internet Power Workshop with Dmitry Shapiro re-scheduled for October 9th 9am-12pm at ARTS. We hope that you will still be able to attend!
So, THE WIRE is not about tightrope walkers in the circus. Bummer.
Barnhart: "It takes a village to implement RDA"
Tattoo artists' convention this weekend at the Portland Expo Center.
Feel like I worked super hard today . I got everything done my boss asked me to do...
“: I'll take post-punk over post-PC any day.”
well I love you <3
That's great. Look forward to your tweets. Take care. Roman
I know nothing about downtown but there are a million good places to eat. Depends on where you'll be.
lol asking all them questions
I wondered how it managed without support materials. Thanks for the offer...I'd love to come check it out!
don't wake me up from a nap. you'll regret that shit.
Taking a nap at 6pm, waking at 10pm, then being sent back to bed because its a school night-.-
Looking forward to Next show.
there ya go lol
how so?
My brother Ryker is going for first, weight 220, in the #Kansas Folkstyle Championships!
Sorry about the crazy tweets... Damn hackers, my twitter must be special because this is the third hack in 2 months...
AT least jemi and bigrob are trendy topics
i know she says she loves me but does she really mean it?
LMAO! i'm actually working on launching a new product with chris. he sends his regards.
Focus on your presentation and the astonishment will come naturally.
Can't wait for the talk show tonight!!!
A New Year's Eve Celebration in #Gray #Maine? Who knew? Reggae band Brand New Mixture 9pm @ White's Cue Connection, 19 Portland Rd. 657-2266
What makes a business suitable for factoring? simple, non contractual debt that is easily proven.
Which #international education tech innovator would you like to hear from at the #NAFSA11 Technology Open Forum?
Take your lunch bunch to Check out the cool fish tank while you're there.
Sub-Mason Dixon Line Series?
Class of 2012! :D Here at #WMHS Graduation!
at work tripping with
Natural Wisdom, that comes with age.
yes theres a stain on my pants
Friday night gym session.... legs, shoot me
did take afternoon and took em to the zoo and we've played Apples to Apples and word on the Street tonight- that's big for me:)
What the hell can you do with a $2 gift card anyway
It don't mean a thing if you ain't got that SWING...Beginner LESSON 9pm→Open DANCING 9:30-midnt! Claire de Lune's Ballroom(No.Park) $5-8pp
hello from SoCal and thanks 4 following.
Had so much fun!!! I love the performance!!
Did anyone else wake up a 3am and take a waterfall SLAM?
has got to be a future great beard of history. His roles is historical dramas are second to none.
ANTM continues to provide all kinds of material for this #ascj Communication and Culture course.
Is it not still? HOW LONG HAVE I BEEN ASLEEP? (see? we didn't do coma schtick before! #progressive)
yeah for sure bro, we'll get on the court soon
LMV in the house tonight!!!
Frustration should not be taken out on fire extinguishers
No problem, man. Keep up the good work.
dude, I found ur twitter name on the back of a seat, on a chicago bus! Lmao
conversation with a Macquque with a mowhawk. He said billy idol is rad.
Doing Damage Control..the one thing I do better than anyone..
I think the word is 'pupusas'.
even with rose there whackk son! #LeBron all day
try it again as it should work from anywhere and I have tested on my end. keep me posted
where's the "like" button?
idk u seem cool
Watching Pettite pitch in Rochester game is packed
10 minutes until the 5k in #Dallas! Always fun people watching opportunities at races.
Rob, you were correct 1st time it's movie!!
Dick in a box
omc!!i need videos of this cant find the web to see livestream of it..help!!! :(
We hire! Interested? Send your stuff to pedro [at] quotidianventures [dot] com.
Do you guys need a volunteer Twitter/Internet Marketing person? I own integratedinternetmarketing.net -
If the sun refused to shine... I would still be lovin' you...
Jeeezz at least we won yesterday! #Seahawks where you at! Had that #bartab going before the game! Let's get it again this weekend!
Great idea, I'll pass it along.
i'll go if you'll go!
watching The View...chatting with the YENTAS LOL CAN'T WAIT AGT XO
Every relation ship starts with one word. "Hello :)"
v self-serving, but definitely amusing "No Regrets" - Ace Frehley's autobiography. The pix are the best part.
lmfao! Oh what tha fuck?xD that is weird....that's trippy acutally. Could you imagine if viginas did have faces?D;
Seeing one of you parents naked <<<< *_*
oh okk :) haha how's it going? I haven't talked to you in forever
Tylers team loses 2nd game.. at least they scored some runs this game
Robby Pinstripes will be BETA testing their new Karaoke Library 'on your phone" tonight at Vintage.
defaults get old fast
Fortis Earns $121 Million in First Quarter
need new followers check out www.getfollowersandlikes.com and receive 500 free followers w order. Mention Twitter.
Shazam can't touch any of the stuff on
2 months n 25 more days I will be in my own apartment!!!!!! 😃 I just gotta keep stacking this paper 💰💰!!
;0) nice print!
So mama always asks me why I don't slide during a game. Well, 1 its awkward and junk and 2 6"2' is a loonng way down!!
really wish I was there! I really loved the Forum presentation 2012 in NOLA
I'm at the Gomez concert thanks to and and the - love you all!
well at least I wasn't replaced by a chicken :)
I have a potty mouth, get over it
I know. it's ridiculous at this point.
how is your day going? :)
wait, so did he ask you to yo prom? (:
appreciate the yelling match over the Redskins QBs between a guy who played football and two blowhards who never suited up
You ain't shit and that's truth! Real talk that ain't no lie!
My mom has commented on the video of my SAA presentation on fb. It includes the phrase "Not criticism, just feedback!" CLASSIC.
Free Community Day @ SECCA this Saturday, Aug. 13. Event from noon to 5pm. Break dancing demos, art projects including robotic art. Come.
Glen Helen
ball park franks or chipmunks - you choose
hope you had fun, sorry bout Feel better broh
One can only dream. But realistically I would need to hang up some paintings or something on the walls.
I'm a book junky, page turning fein. Still reading Zora & thinking of my next read. Next up: Zen and the Art of Running.
ill marry you(;
We just redid the logo. Our's is cool. Thanks for the suggestion.
That sounds like bullying! Off to the re-education camp with you!
New merch is up! Check our facebook to see it :)
ill hit you up. you gotta come out to one of my shows
That was a real kick-in-the-nads kind of loss ...
Girl me and you both I wanted to jump in it right in the store.
"it's nonsensical and irrelephant"
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman. - Homer (The Simpsons)
is it the work of a company of actors or a writer or?
everyone is a bad driver at some point in their life, so calm the fuck down while driving IDIOT!
No problem. And thanks for the quick reply to my question about learning Photoshop.
are you send me a DM? Sorry, I can't see it.. :|
seriously. chicagodesignarchive.org needs you. we'll teach you everything you need to know. get involved. dm me.
she's good peoples & u doing your thang I luv my chi town peoples that's on there grind
'America's Next Top Model': Nigel Barker Says His Firing 'Wasn't a Tyra Banks Thing'
think it would be first time nole and fed ahead of rafa. sorry, misread question, will butt out now!
Oh yeah... and definitely
good to see y'all at Crs let's write again soon
Perfect. We'll see ya there. Looking forward to the blog posts :)
National Brewers Assoc established U. S. guidlines for judging. English traditions notwithstanding, the range is 'up to 5.1%'
Will do. I'm sending an email to Jobs right now... your check should be in mail soon :)
I'm obsessed with that photo :)
It's not over yet. RT>>> “: I gotta tell ya, it feels good to have the #1 bracket in the house so far. Your thoughts?”
is tim tebow mania is over for real no more winning games ?
Happy Friday!!!
This weekend we held our annual Holiday Friendraiser and were overwhelmed by the generosity & support from our friends and family!
Alabama Immigration Law Forces Hispanic Students out of School
www.varsityjackets09.com we ship world wide! No minimums worlds best price 412 973 8262
Go look it up on facebook!!! It's so cool
“: let us know if your playing in Nashville anytime soon!!!” cma fan Fest we'll be there! Announcing this week!
We'll have our weekly hula show at 1 p.m. on Saturday, April 16, with Halau Hula O Keola Ali'iokekai.
An enormous demon fly from Moria just materialized out of nowhere and went after my blueberries. AWH NO YOU DON'T, BALROG SPAWN.
haha. Yeah. I've heard better. Keep up the great work!
On my plane for home - woman next to me reeks of garlic. Huh.
Happy #Thanksgiving everyone! I'm #thankful for the small yet important things in life...family, friends, love, health and happiness.
O'Sheas in Vegas closes in 15 minutes :(
No. I followed 's orders to deliver papers to you & After I beat up a guy, I toured NYC with
I have a newfound respect & love for Matthew Broderick. I should never have doubted that he lost his awesomeness.
I must've overheard. I didn't read it anywhere; just popped in my mind. Whilst sitting around doing nothing. Amidst no one.
Thanks to the fabulous #PRSANCC panel- and for great #socialmedia insights!
Anyone have any advice as to how to create lacquered walls?
reminds me of chick corea.
was prom schmackin
either way, that little bitch had it coming to him
Do not restrict yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they may do. You can go as far as your mind lets you.
#BecauseOfAustin my friends have to hear "Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love" all the time :)
“: Brewers/Cardinals would be EPIC! Whine and Cheese series!! #BREWDAT”. MILLER vs bud
Bella Desai says Sci Cafe gives people a way to have a fun learning experience while connecting with collections and scientists.
When Posting on your Facebook Fanpage don't use closed statements -Ask questions for more engagement.
Is the question "Why?"
From tonight's #dareproject rehearsal: "Sasquatch can't feel love."
glad to hear about you. looking forward to your info! Happy NY
Agreed. Requested important info and marketing for one's $ are not birds of a feather.
Enjoy Happy Hour today $4 draft beer, $5 house spirits, $2 off wine by the glass with menu items that are $3 & $4! (5PM-7PM Daily)
I'm actually finding ppl receptive to social media but I just don't talk abt work to cover my bases
never had to worry about where money for food, clothing, rent, the BASICS was going to come from!
Hey Lady! It's D from FCBC--how's the new move? I'm sure would love you to follow her too:)
fell asleep in the hot sun... ouch.
Maybe you need to go with less, you don't even know who you are tweeting as these days :).
Has anyone heard of familywize?
Thnx for the hookup!
Hey donna thanks for vids i c crystal has a drummer? Is dan there also?
finna make me a hot fudge
Sandal weather >>
are you planning on doing something on a different continent? Europe? No? Thought so.
Thinking happy thoughts for your afternoon. Been there...Done that. It is better on the other side :-)
Must ... disconnect ... internet ...
yes i will see you, through the smoking flames, on the front lines of war <333
Passions engage the heart, but what about ur mind; where does it truly desire to go? Focus on your GNF & your heart will naturally follow!
' Todayy Was Ahh Good Day I Guess, But Anywho Im So Gladd Its Dah Weekend . ^.^
oh my god, I lovee the show!<3 ... Your soo beautiful!
Sometimes I wonder if doctors enjoy doing that...just to be cruel.
spoiler alert! (I watcheed it already, don't worry)
I tether when I am on the train...
Yes. Though I have yet to experience it personally (or did I just not notice?)
You and Austin have the best friendship ever. Promise you guys will stay that way forever? I love you both so much. (:
I wish Joe Oliver peace. Something tells me he will need it. This is tragic all the way around. Sad. Sad. Sad. #Lawrence O'Donnell.
I'm not trying hard to like Dallas (tired and wanna be home) but I think it would be easier to not try in Austin and still enjoy it.
I just learned that owls can't move their eyes. They move their head to look in different directions.
It will no worries...and yeah that would be nice!
Thanks for the correction : )
Great to hear! RT Used the app to check in for a haircut today. Worked well. Good idea.
Just got to spend time with the most precious thing ever, Miss Samantha Trent. Tiny, beautiful and sweet
fucking fred movie! What the hell is going on!
i love your derek hale art the eyes look real
Aint shit tho C.P got patience to go around
Retweet this please...
Lol I know I was like "did chris really just say niggacent ?" Lolololol
“Careful what you wish for; you just might get it all.”
In other news, I've come to the realization that I'm a bad neighbor. If I'm awake, there's loud music playing.
gosh i gotta go shopping tomorrow for my wedding this weekend #anyonecaretojoin?
I absolutely love yours too! It's gorgeous❤
Congratulations for being our 400th follower! To say thank you we are giving you a FREE Gyros on your next visit!
what was the last 5k like, i.e. when did they decide to stop their recovery run?
...PERM IT/Software talent!!!
followed you back sis since you told me to on facebook lol (:
thats why you never show them where u live...i can show u were i sleep all the time but i will NEVER show you where i live.
Finals are done! Home for a few weeks <3
Happy Long weekend folks!
“: have you ever considered making JAGK bras.”
Jimmy Carter was the first U.S. President to be born in a hospital.
Any great digital marketers out there? at Twitter
What picture is it your talking about??
ok and u would be correct about that :{)
I'll resume my belief in God if the Knicks win it all...and I'm a Sixers fan.
RT "An economy built to last is one where we encourage the talent and ingenuity of every person in this country."
i aint goin anywhere. or shooting sick kids
True, didn't check that and you are right. But would be a weird thing to come out of nowhere.
Would love to learn more about this "deluxe embalming" process you write of. Shudder.
Somebody sexy text me
One day ONLY,Wed November 2nd...30% off our entire inventory of Alain Mikli.Don't miss the limited opportunity for unique glasses ON SALE!!!
I hate getting my blood drawn...
in march, do you turn into jordichaun in honor of St Pats day?
Happy Mother's Day to my favorite MILF 😍😘
Heck to the mother father yes !
If you're lost and alone or sinking like a stone, carry on; may your past be the sound of your feet upon the ground, carry on. :)
Time to go play catch with the neighbor's dog.
I'm a metal head :-)
I had no idea there was a #NewMeAtl tonight! Sorry I won't be able to make it but I hope that all goes well!
Repealer of WI equal pay law & "lady-hero" nominee #WalkerFailure spending equal pay day on out of state cash grab
"I used to have those then my mom got a job haha"...."what u used to have these 120$ shoes? " what kind of price of shit job did ur mom get?
True... Man if this was my world, we'd never have bills...
Good Morning World, gonna try harder today! Hopefully I'll be a better person.....after coffee obvi!!!
: Thank you!
it's rare that they do!
I don't blame Bryz. He practically stands on his head and ends up giving up a silly goal he should have saved.
infinite cloud storage > "Often they are but tombs,"
when you know your worth & what you deserve, you won't tolerate disrespect or bs from ANYBODY.
#buttball must make a return next season.
Sleepy time
we all can be dreamers for the rest of our lives if we truly believe it.
i havent been on my other twitter in a few days i better check it out see how im doing haha =D
Let me see if I have this right...if I Tweet I automatically Buzz, but if I Buzz I don't automatically Tweet??
Music and mayhem - all without FCC approval - listen to www.pirateradioportland.com from 9pm to midnight on the Small Plate Radio Network
killed that bio midterm say wut
Does not feel so great getting screwed over by work. Better get used to it, I guess.
I hope everyone is having a happy New Year!
did you hear that Flip has been discontinued? outrageous!
dude I just queued it the other day. Really wanna watch it
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
oh SNAP that's a pretty tight stache.
Watch me work!
Well, and are some of the coolest people around, so it stands to reason :)
Iblockya is back...
Funn night but I'm still blue, #wtf :'(
follow back
mario kart at work with and . brings back memories
Okay whatever, twitter is flippin' out at the moment.
Garcia....pull it the eff together
Usher and Lil Jon need to collaborate again... YEAH!!!
congrats to my big bro in christ
hahahaha I just died
Great way to share yr work! is looking for museum professionals for interviews! Email at Please RT!
Yeeah... I'm Somebody Now! Thanks!
So happy to be an FF mate! Wait, what's an FF? I've got the mate part down.
if you haven't, see the film "Ink". You will love it.
:-) I in search of what I would study ... Thx for keeping it on my mind!
Follow me for our new single that coming out soon btw follow me bcuz a mixtape cumin out and n order to get it u have tew FOLLLOOWW :)
Tonight, in Grandma's Ghetto Kitchen, Helen Stoviak prepares brutally over-baked potroast, iced tea in Pyrex, somehow served on 21 plates?
what is your job, exactly? To play with toys and drones?
Zimmerman has had 78 visitors to his website according to the counter at the bottom.
HEY IM ALLOWED TO GO CAMPINGG!
I never watched American Idol until you...you're something else.
I'm still a Jacobs fan but NOT 1 week this year!
Miley Cyrus and leftover mini egg roles... I have to say 2012 is already better then 2011.
I randomly came across your blog and I'm really enjoying it. Many thanks!
I know it sucks :'( Anything on Nikita? I wanted TSC renewed so bad :(
#ifimet1D I would marry them all <3
let me call ya later, its easy! Your regular website or Facebook?
when i found out it was Twilight fanfic i was NOT surprised. i LoL'd
#ICantDateSomeoneThat ill get bored with.
While changing email signature on my iPod, it suggested mobile "devil" when I started typing "device." The device is smarter than I thought.
International Women's Day!
Listening to a new mother meal plan for her baby, canned peas? I don't eat that, frozen over canned any day.
arrived in St. Mary's County!
its actually less its just more publicized when a celebrity does somethin wrong
poor guy who picked crawfish! Lots of work for tiny bit of meat #NoKitchenRequired"
The latest prank Jim pulled on Dwight was pretty hilarious...I know I said the same thing six years ago, but still...
give me a ciroc idea so i can get it n!!
Fall for your type
Yesterday was a day full of road time traveling from job site to job site from Point Loma, CA to #DelMar CA and then finally to
public is connected to people of color in the imagination. public school housing transportation etc..
wow !! So your bio you put aleez alex and someone else and not me ? Okay !
you suck a mean dick, too. Bahaha
every time I get an auto DM I'm tempted to unfollow immediately
Helping Nurses Help Themselves: WISER, ANA Announce the Nurses&#39; Investment Education Program
Yall....when did we grow up....
Breaking DSD news coming at lunch! Stay tuned...
Remind me again who Kim Jong-Il nuked?
I'm a dog man but can't have one in my building. Think I'd like a cat?
What's your favorite #ABQ bed and breakfast?
Anybody want to tweet about #Blues music tonight?
I get lost and I ain't scared to say it, love is a game I ain't scared to play it
in my not-so-distant future: less studying, more socializing. maybe even more tweeting? (crazy talk?)
I don't wanna fall in love I just wanna be loved...
Oh haha nice&& I miss you two!
Thank YOU for listening!
Thanks for following Harmon Design. Uncustomary Design | Custom Made Lisa Harmon |Creative Fabricator
we are too!! Thanks! So happy to hear you enjoyed it.
"youre so perfect when you whiper low"
when someone says because i said so its because they dont have any reason
morning lol Just get some instant tasters choice pack's and there you have it
Absolutely - mostly because of the bacon. :-)
come here and see it with me! It looks amazing
Welcome! Good luck this season! #1 means so much more now! RT : Thanks for all the years of support - I'm really excited about...
C'mon Power fans! Every game counts! WE have a playoff birth to snatch!
AVENGER TIME!!!
Really sad day today.
he went surfing today so let's pray that's why it looks like crap.
At least there are a few of us 30+ somethings to keep him partially sane.
Jim Loehr argues that achievement is not all it's cracked up to be. I'm waiting to be convinced.
Conley and Gay showing how to run a 2 on 1 fast break...share the ball!
no objection, just never heard the saying.
We will now call you McTweety then! I still love seeing all the great fly-thru shots of Seattle...even though I can see it outside!
be careful
Thank you very much! I appreciate you taking the time to listen! _Bryan
Stop losing to lame shit :P RT : Maybe I'm just mad that putting in all that work to learn new characters outside of my comfort z
send over the questions for attack attack and well mix in some and make it happen nate at enochmagazine dot com
Yeah. I seen them
it's an playlist day today #np 'Back Home (feat. Whatzisface and Chip tha Ripper)'
My back is broken! It's been hurting since forever ._.
sounds like we had the same kind of week. love u
:D and how to change your pin? You have to go to backup assistant or something xD idk how
Vegas is lovely u whores in the town that drink 40"s an smoke then trick for the low this is where yall need to be smfh. Pimps are outhere.
knew you were gonaa say that
Question: Why do so many people hate M. Night Shyamalan and are you some of those people?
Stuck in the car during exciting tour de france stage. Anyone know how to get live updates?
on oovoo with
Don't sweat it. Happens to ALL of us.
echoes of John Haughey, SJ in presentation: reflection on experience, making wholes out of parts
Now Orange...THAT is how you come out of the locker room.
Or it's "All the news that's fit to copy so we can fund our own original reporting."
I'm one of those people who feel like they did heroin every day before school..
Just woke up world :)
Give me a good book and you won't hear me
will be at Beer-Con whilst being awesome and drinking beer and drinking beer awesomely.
First down on 3rd-and-3 by Case. Even bigger news: Mike Davis hung onto a pass!
I love spirited away, but I've been geekin' out and watching like naruto and stuff.
me and my brother are playing beer pong right now. yup, at 11:45 am
Going to go eat with aunty before she goes to England ,.
'you're a good person to do.' lmao. Ellen. I love you
Damn that girl
✬If you can keep your head about you when all about you are losing theirs, its just possible you haven't grasped the situation.✬Rose Kennedy
I HAD A GREAT NEW YEAR 2010!!!!
The good thing about twitter is that anyone can message you. It's also the bad thing. Some people miss the point. Badly.
It's almost 5 a.m. Why am I still awake?
Cubs win!
good question.
Coffee tasting was a success! Feeling good about iced coffee for farmers' market. We'll wait a few more weeks for it to warm up.
Breakfast tomorrow starting at 8 and the workshops start at 9:15
And creepily enough... it was May 6th, 1997.... 15 years ago to the day
"Don't call it a comeback. I've been here for years." - MySpace #sxsw #sxswi #SoUnpoularItstrendy?
is teaching Amy about Twitter because it's super slow at work
i love 's name<3 when you translate it, its like you're saying Banana Butt.
this morning, Dr. Charles D. Johnson interviewed Howard Alum Ambassador Andrew Young about the ANC Centenary celebration.
Studies have shown that massage therapy reduces depression and anxiety in people who get regular massages.
Catalogers, what does "New ed." actually mean in a 250$a? Is this a reprinting or a revised edition? Or something else?
": why is your mom white?" cuz she white lol.
Can't sleep ... This sucks!
i also feel often times when we come in the tank we are scared! scared money don't make money!
Gallery Night and Day is coming right up y'all. the 16th and 17th! we will be open and showing '30 Years of Dialogue'
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
Those Americans left stranded on the beach in this economy can directly blame the #GOP/TPers and the Putocracy w/their croney capitialism.
Would that clients understood that process. Even after explaining and outlining & demonstrating. Must be doing something wrong>>me.
writing group was so much fun tonight! can't wait to read more of your amazing book :)
where can I find that show?
I hate when guys talk shit about girls.
it really annoys me when people say Cody copys Justin...THEY'RE FRIENDS. CODY LOOKS UP TO JUSTIN. get 'choo facts straight, biotch.
I still haven't seen Avatar. Am I the only person left who hasn't?
#CharlesBarkley take that cotton out of your mouth!
Waiting for skrillex
"It's not worth crying over spilt milk"
Chuck Norris said to follow me :)
Hm. I tried watching the new series at some point and never really got hooked.
Oh! That's a great idea. I should do that, too.
Sounds like life is hard.
Wheree is ? O:
Lovely photo. Is that Brea? Because it's beautiful!
Congrats to you are the #NIT Sweepstakes winner! Check your DM's for more info!
Rooting that this is one of those start low, end high days because this morning is not starting off well.
- Bkfst is critical & You need a carb/protien ratio that matches weight goals, but generally stick to 4\1 split.
I should have, but I had other plans. Kinda swole I missed it. I'm tryna hear you though, you gotta spit more. Get out that shell!
Buying starfruit!yum!
Three-year-old looks at Van Gogh's The Starry Night: "It's not finished - he might add a shark."
Reading 's new article about the Civil War in preparation for my blog post tomorrow.
I don't really have a fav on 4. What's yours?
Just got done with a 10 mile ride, it was SO nice to ride outside again!
That would be great! I teach vocals in regularly on Saturdays and on weekdays as clients schedules dictate. I ...
last year at bamboozle I met . this year I wanna smoke with him. can it happen man?!
I'm not a man with motivation today!
Hail Storm Pelted my Bullet Proof Stucco! No Damage ha ha!
#chicklitchat hi lovey! I'll be back around soon. So much easier when schools out for summer! Kids are spring fever crazy xo
I would retweet, but everyone would know my secret lol.
Went back to check for you. Picture posted by Tyler Mcquarrie of Ferrari for your enjoyment. Cheers.
naa . I got benched cuz I didnt feel like playing . Its almost over . .
Coatar with the compliance call out from norm at the food safety general session!!
draw something
Need someone to talk to about Breast Cancer? Call our 24/7 support center to speak with a breast cancer survivor. 800-221-2141
AND STUFF
Congratulations! Hope you know it's a honor being a pg getting a Calipari offer with his record with point guards. This is Awesome
ONE MORE WEEK
They had plenty of room to spread out, so they did.
LMFAO AUSTIN ALMOST KISSED YOU ON THE CHEEK IN CALL ME MAYBE[; #luckykid. follow back?and call me maybe[; xD you are so cute{:
He's kinda needy but I guess I don't mind!!
Creative Pros:#contentment comes from handling your #work well, #loving well, and being #generous. Have a big life. Creativity follows.
The Buffs have made committed some dumb penalties but the phantom "horse collar" tackle was garbage. Yet another call to protect USC.
@ Smothersmrz I like following cute girls.
#SATURDAY 1600 Vine 12pm-6pm HOST & #NBA Playoffs Viewing (Tables/Appetizer Specials)
At my callback today I was asked if I was Italian. I said, "Yes, could you tell by the last name?" The response: "That, and the eyebrows."
Market Square Area, Indianapolis - The Smashing Pumpkins
JUST SAW THREE JUGGALOS AND ONE HAD FACEPAINT AND A HATCHETMAN TATTOO
DO YOU DESERVE TO EARN MORE THAN A TEACHER FOR PICKING A BASKETBALL GAME?
a label to START living it. Doesn't he hve u guys.. I thought he was already living it.
oh that's awesome.
haha Grindr love it and that dad doesn't know, how excellent, do you like bayou billionaires? such a trashy but hillar CMT show
Going go karters game in monrovia...
been wasting time and money ont he wrong things...
That's a great part of town. You ever try the Original Burrito Company? It won't help the figure but it's very good.
hard to get ahahah. I'll play along. ;D
RT highlighting a speaker-a-day until the conference on facebook.
Around what time?!
Follow me back, please.
Did anyone play the Mega Million Jackpot? How will you cash out?
that's great!! N I know!! I ain't been at eva in a good minute!! I miss you too!! Ima come get y'all one day to kick it.
So it's basically productivity and death. Or sleep. Why am I weighing options here?
youre the best ;)
Check out Dave's equipment
Will this humidity ever leave us? It's hazardous to a girl's hair-do! Tune into CBS Channel 8 Thursday AM for the latest updates.
And good to see you in the house! "RT Do yourself a favor and see Mitch Hebert in AFTER THE FALL Beautiful performance."
Yes, Thank you! Awesome writing :)
Did grow it or give it to you?
RT : RT : I NEED RUNNING SHOES
Although it's not "the" story: Since Monday morning, I've written or contributed to nine stories. That's just the one outside the paywall.
RT : It's Friday! What are you reading this weekend? The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer! It's pure genius!
RT : Minds are like parachutes; they only work when they are open.
Funny how things can make u smile:)
Thanks for the follow. Would love to discuss your Digital Marketing Strategies with you one day :)
I'd rather waste my time with you.
Magic Power Coffee: www.magicpowercoffeepro.com/3417701
Schindler discussing "blur" that digital world creates (subway/grocery store in Korea where customers scan QR codes on fake mech)
Kamps has 10 strikeouts through five innings. 1-0 Belmont leads batting in the top of the sixth.
burned 236 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 11-min mile with hills"
There is no point in pretending you aren't gay. I can spot you a mile away.
Lane is sauced like a boss.
what do you think about the rumor Stoudamire and Chandler for Dwight? Would it be a good move for NY?
GeoCommons.com will be intermittently down for planned maintenance tonight between 11pm-2am US Eastern Time
FOR SALE: 1080P HD MUSIC VIDEO DSLR CAMERA! $600 HIT UP FOR MORE DETAILS!
Need help? Stay tuned....
Bridesmaids was so good, I'd be pissed if they made a sequel!
no, you want gov to decide and not have it be popular vote. Gov is to enforce will of people. Haven't people of NC spoken?
thank U sir!!! RT : was jus at tht store is fuckin ridiculous. check it out
There should be 1-2 Aussie inclusions but I'm a little light in this Issue! Hopefully some other great content though!
How did you watch it??
Peoplefolk: who's going to #RBMS12?
Happy #holidays to you, our local university, from NSHMBA-NM!
Donal Logue has been cast as the lead in San Diego’s new television pilot #“Terriers” for the FX Network.
nice shout out in "intro HTML 5 edition deux"
Here ALL day today.
I am so excited to share Ant's photos with you...anthonyvanderhoorn.com.
“: When boys use a picture of you two together as their default. ❤”
I ❤ Southern Boys
Tune in to WAVS 1170AM to listen to Professor Nuts Live interview Now
Aw, feeling a little down? We know how it goes, but will cheer you up with 's Hugs & Kisses show tonight!
Love but it crashes way too much ... #howwilliknowwhattomakefordinnertomorrow ?
you're right there's no excuse.
Right. It's completely understandable, and I would have done the same thing. But, it leaves open questions for those media.
that's assuming you even enjoy our music haha. Give it a listen? Might make your day just a wee bit more glorious!
“Our country is stronger when we can count on affordable health insurance, and Medicare, and Social Security.”—President Obama
The Weather Right Now Is Perfect!
can we call in today? What's the number?
Kelly hasn't texted me ehem
Few things are better than Little Debbie's Nutty Bars. [sigh]
WHO WANTS TO CO-OWN LOOKING FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE?!?!?!?? :D
topic is interesting - could someone tweet what slavmsd stands for? thanks
Your Government.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. — Andre Gide
MN has its own issues to be sure, but that'd be some out of the frying pan into the fire shit.
If I wore glasses they'd be exactly like the ones wears!
too bad I don't work at Malibu. Rudeness.
Family isn't about whose blood you have. It's about who you care about.
Our Iced Hibiscus Lemonade is great for cooling down on these hot days in Chicago.The Espresso Freezes are awesome too.See ya soon!!
The good thing about divorced parents is double the money on weekends:)
Cool, looks like an interesting project to follow.
And thank you for the support!
His clothes >
u nasty LOL
First completed draft of my master's thesis is FINISHED. The end is nigh!
Imma start charging these damn TSA agents for all the times I strip for them
Congrats!!! :) RT : I won today! 20094 words & counting, but my goal was 20k.
two please!
no cocky shit.... You mean
I believe in BEARS every week #bleedblue&orange
I was, but am much better now. Thank you!
Hey! guess who's on today!!! :D
join us today for free post highlights and photos recruithighschool.com
Strategies when program begins, Third – “Don't hold notes. The audience can see them shake. Use three-by-five cards instead.”
A long nap sounds good to me.
I loved Zack S's story on women's soccer last week. We need more references to medieval literature on the sports pages.
lol!! Let's just say a basketball is involved :) hehe
About to spend 5 straight hours in the car.... #Clevelandbound 🚙
Deal on mid-century modern home renovation fell through, so there's another chance if you're interested. :-)
Mid-terms are being graded in UDSIS. Check yours by choosing 'grades' from the 'other academic' dropdown box in your student center.
This past week was a great archives week. Finished processing 2 collections for different clients. The artifacts and textiles were lovely.
Vendors are invited to display their products and/or services at the 2011 Southeast Institute on Homelessness and Supportive Housing.
Every action we take, everything we do, is either a victory or defeat in the struggle to become what we want to be -Ninon de L'Enclos
To my knowledge nothing but some players just drop. :(
DO IT
I love letting Ben & Jerry's Schweddy Balls melt in my mouth as I polish a screenplay.
WOW!!! I want it and not the Jock lol
Wishing your mom a happy 88th!
Love pie! For flaky crust, go with COLD coconut oil. Perfection.
Sorry, judging you.
Up at 5:30 AM to make it on time to the Mount Vernon High School Poetry Expo. 5:30 AM? I don't think I could survive being a teenager again.
dr called tonight. Not overly concerned w lump and wants 2 cont w treatments. Prognosis still good.
im tryna get this spot downtown, but my next spot is on saturday and sunday......I'm trying put my foot in the door at these uts ...
oh how your finds make me smile! #justsayin'
Nice day out today. Come to visit our patio and side walk Cafe. We have 1/2 off all appetizers on Sundays! Delicious food!
best sound ever!
Bill McMullen: Hype, Hustle, Rip-off at The Constant Gallery through March 28, 2009.
Just got out of a productive rehearsal! We got some cool surprizes for our future lake worth fans tomorrow! Come out a partaaay with us <3
What are you doing for Memorial Day? Chillax and enjoy the sound of Jazz! Happy Friday!
Didn't realize that taking on a collage covering my kitchen ceiling would become my own equivalent of the Sistine Chapel. It's neverending!
hey(: u shoudl tell people to fallow me an ill do the same to u(:
The fact remains that I'm a psyco
you shoulda gone to my dentist. rated best dentist in SF on yelp
Life to short to be mild live it wild!
DALTON WINS!!! Next best thing to me running for re-election!
No school for me, starting my 3 day weekend off right (;
Happy birthday to !
first class cancelled today!
Mother's Day is less than a week away! Treat your mom to a free FroYo on 5/13. Mom's eat free with purchase. See store for details!
After wikipedia-ing it, I don't think I'd like it very much... (see: Polynesian rats)
Archaeologists have ethical codes. Still, some Native American groups argue with merit that their holy sites have been robbed.
Ive had it wit these motherf***in snakes on this motherf****in plane!!!!
Thanks for the mention! Thank you ladies!
Headed to Friends of Parker Hill meeting
Man City I hope you all die
She asked when was the last time we'd pulled a book. An adult book? I honestly can't remember.
EVERYBODY'S STARRY-EYED
wao, thank you so much! That means a lot to me. Your strategy on how to make peace in the Middle East is pretty genious ;-)
Who cares if people talk about you! Jesus was talked about! If anything feel honored people feel your that important 2 discuss you
I feel like it's going to be weird sleeping in my own bed tonight.
Charles Manson is famous, too!
"it is russian cuisine! who doesn't love cold purple soup!"
moving back to Mississippi? Haha maybe one day huh?
:) RT Love how my phone randomly corrected 'is' to TRS hahaha that was an epic moment!
YOU ALL SAVED MY DAY!!!
no joke! That's the curse of starting 2 watch a show when it 1st comes out. U needa jump in at season 4 so u can back2back it :)
Her and those kicks left me speechless.
Rise and grind fools
I want pancakes 😔
What are you doing at the library??
If you don't listen to oF or Childish Gambino #YouAint'tBoutThatLife
I'm writing about gunfighters, outlaws, land barons and French assassins. Not too late for me to add the zombies though!
Dude must be a brogrammer!
tryna cruise with some boys Saturday?
In less than an hour I will officially be a red head. . AGAIN. :)
Tune in at 7pm (PDT) for songs by Sonny Smith and an interview with Jenny Chapman about her and Mark Reigelman's project, Manifest Destiny!
Boy do I love you, I don't know what to do either.
I'll try them next time I go to my lounge if they have them & yeah blue mist is like candy<3
GAVE MY MOMMY THE BEST MOTHERS DAY =)
Jesus Christ, I just beat ME3. That ending was fucking horrible. I spent 3 games looking for piece & I get THAT!?
Wow. #DickClark. RIP.
First Macs and now the Patriots. I think we're going to ship you to Booklist.
I love !! The best sister ever!! Muah!
Thank you ^_^ RT : is handsome c:
which parties people are going to. Until we stop treating politics like high school things aren't going to change. [2/2]
can't wait for the last Tailgate Tues tonight!! 6 pm - Dan McGuiness Demonbreun! Devin Belle, Mike Willis and Tailgate South. See you there!
It's like Twilight, but with lots more sex, and spankings, too. Excellent brain candy.
thanks for the follow. I look forward to your inspiration on leadership.
Just visited Whistler's Peacock Room at the gallery. Overwhelmingly beautiful. I'm art-geeking out right now.
ok then, let's get a tryout scheduled for Portland
You too!
Shopping when hungry means you end up buying food you will regret. Apply the same rule for not being too horny when going to the clubs/bars
RT : Dear , while in NC today, please say: "I oppose #Amendment1. Vote No on May 8th." Thx.
oh hey no tmrw I keep forgetting to right but I PROMISE I'll write tmrw Promise :) <3
Thanks for coming to #YLI2012 today and teaching us how to leverage media to influence public policy at !
everyone leaves for the summer and I sit home and blog because we never go anywhere
of course, that's the first time we met , too. Ah, the memories of his long, flowing locks of love.
the weatherman is calling for a little snow. I'm ready for summer. Go away winter!!!!!!
Good luck on your finals this week !
We're going into withdrawals, lol.
Thanks for popping in Jeffrey... hope you are well!
I love morning showers!
cool well talk tomorrow im about 2 pull a all nighter!
Great local deals in #Denver!
To all my followers, may your dreams come to. may you experience real love, may the good inside you show, and may your day be great
Ohh well(; 3 years for me!
#swagger is becoming overused but i still like saying it.
Don't forget to #ShopLocal now into Spring when you're thinking about remodeling your home!
Headed to NYC to make some headway!
Sitting at jiffy lube with There is a woman wiggling her one front tooth. Stop trying to loosen your last tooth! Save it!
' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you
seems like everyone is a networking guru these days . just give me a good burger and awesome fresh Fries . Hold the onions please .
I know Robert... It hard to take in.
u r right matt
Thank you so much!!
It's already 3
wrong, she is funny, unlike you and Loni right now.
Tipping 100%. In this case I find it acceptable to use
“We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.”
Laredo United scores to make it 36-25 SA Madison, blocked extra point, 9:51 left in the 3rd.
Do you feel like we do?
“: RT if you're touching an Apple product. #SteveJobs”
If you missed it go to Grillbust.com and you can buy a copy, or call the IMAX downtown and command a second performance.
My name is doctor kent, I teach math 234 and this me not giving a fuck about your grade
Things We Lost in the Fire (2007) It's a metaphor of my life. Yet it's inspirational for anyone who has felt tragedy. 9/10
#HowtomakeitinAmerica become a part of government, that way you can take advantage of everyone else's money
you still looked hott ^.^
thanks for the follow! Xo
Doing a commission for a co-worker. Theme: Winter Wedding in London. Working on concept sketches now!
nice! good luck tonight
Now playing on Fox12: "Larger Than Life" - starring Bill Murray and an elephant.
damn right
Which Botwin brother do you like better on 'Weeds' - Silas or Shane? Why do you say so?
A large hunk of frozen bacon fell out of the freezer and almost broke my big toe.
i studied the night before too :p and sarah b got my back and told me what was on the test!
It's not letting me follow anyone right now for some reason. But I promise I will!!
I'll text a guy back in a heart beat. Not even an issue
That first one is priceless. It's a rec-league boxscore, isn't it?
nothing. i had also left lengthy VM after horrible phone experience. no call back. very, very upset.
Happy Easter :)! wishing U and your family the best :) hope U have a wonderful weekend :)!
+ if you come to Miami, I'm sure everyone would love to have you speak.
I just spotted & and Mama Fusco jamming to pauly d! haha #swag <3 :D
Tv is not even interesting anymore, too much reality, no actuality.
Walk into random warehouse. See Built to Spill concert.
Getting ready to start shooting..
Just got home from school with lexi !! just in time for supper,homework and then bed....
Congrats indeed! RT : Congratulations to our 2012 John Van Hengel Fellow, Linda Nageotte of
Questions about the Baltimore Food Co-Op? Feel free to DM us or use
Yeah, there's a Jetblue RT from JFK to MVY for $75. I might bus it and then fly
The rest don't even matter because you are drunk by that point...then you get the bill when you sober up, haha.
Catching up with :)
"The way you cut your meat reflects the way you live." ~Confucius What do you guys think of this quote? True or false?
You tell me that you need me, then you go and cut me down
7 Months, I Love You Dennis Ray Gibson <3
I would love to do all those things but no one ever wants to!!
I'm eating fire
my bedroom sockets are working again. thank god
Every dollar spent on substance abuse treatment saves $7-$9 in other system costs. How are treatment providers rewarded in IL? Budget cuts.
nothing much you should add me on facebook Ke'Juan KaeSmoove Jones
Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down.
Every ounce of me wants to steal this guys iced coffee
fuck me with a chainsaw!
Its the worst to be disappointed.
These are great beds! Thanks for the mention!
#YouKnowILoveYou when I am willing to do something I'm so uncomfortable with and giving away everything just to have a chance with you.
Love being played out like a fool
oh my goodness! My allergies have been the WORST lately! Power to you going for a run! I wish I could do that! Lol
Give those teeth some #bling with today's deal from Grand Jewelers in ! You know you want a
Rep your zodiac.
I feel I need more 'let me live on your couch for a month while I find a gig' kind of friends in New York & LA.
I've been thinking of people all around, talking and texting, and not only while driving. It seems it's a problem for walking. Read this: ht
Racks on racks.....stupid money!!!
Listen im the baddest in the school baddest in the game
It's not surprising, huh? (#TardyResponse)
congratulations auntie Jess !!! and to Jaymie and Bell family!!!
Yes and no. Those are our companies, but we did not organize it - hence why I didn't think of it. But we will be there!
yeah so how was last night btw
Sunday is the best day of the week. You start by going to Church, then dive in a pool, then watch the boobs show, and then the 60's show :-)
Just booked a show for Woody's in Clifton, mark your calendars for February 17th!
thanks! We're glad you enjoyed it. Lookout for issue 2 soon!
Sweet god I am so allergic to cats. When did this happen?!
Have a great trip here! I will try to take you where I took Steve, Doc Holliday's!
Why does whenever martin finds someone, they get creeped out then tell him everything he needs to know?
So many amazing people on the list this yr Timothy Donnelly, Katharine Coles, Eliza Griswold, Eileen Myles, Judith Pascoe, and on and on...
Regged the plo 550 mega, two seats so far up for grabs
do you mean MitchCMartinez and ?
I am in the flow of life.
my dance was on jennifer lopez on the floor i was head dancer yay me!!!rofl follow me?
Enjoy the Spring Sale at where you can get an additional 30% off already discounted items! Happy #shopping!
Congrats to for the great initial launch of at the #TosaTweetup2 !!
Documentary "Thomas Jefferson's Slaves" is being shown today on WCVWDT (PBS) in Richmond - pt 1 (6pm) & pt 2 (7pm). Hope you enjoy it!
We are young [;
I really hope that Erin Martin doesn't end up being the "Sanjaya" of #TheVoice. She is out of her league. She needs to go.
come on don't insult us
what's more amazing 11 catching one or catching 3in a row?
Why is skylar going home? Bs! Holly needs to go!
Hello Michael: It was good to hear from you. I hope you have a great weekend.
Lets make it happen 9am MST// RT : 10am? We gotta stay on it y'all! INTENTIONAL...
All the liberals on my twitter feed love huntsman.
I'm De-lite-ed that you found a groove
will be closed tomorrow night for a private event.
Just saw Think Like A Man! Great movie! It was hilarious. The cars, and city scenes were lovely. And that new John Legend song is nice!
so the 92 game does not count! Hehehe haha
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Dear Axel, what note was that?
At west allis park watching kids sing Kareoke...
That's my week ruined. I'll be a wreck till next Monday. RT : fuck.. thanks to the defenders for fucking my sunday up...
=( Im sorry luv.... think healthy thoughts... best we can do! xoxo!
Makin the best of life n being happy
Too true - RT: “: No symphony orchestra ever played music like a 2-year-old girl laughing with a puppy. Bern Williams”
": if a PR person is tweeting for hey Dude/Dudette ya doing a bad Job" What's wrong with it David??
Not too metion that myrtle beach and the ocean was awesome food and priceless sunrise every morning! Lake Norman was absolutetly luxurious
Better send him to Saville Row.
u get that shirt yet ?
Long heels, red bottoms! HOT
- Two peanuts walk into a bar and one was a salted.
Concurrence requires two things in order for a crime to take (or to have taken) place. What are these two things?
YES! FIND ME! JUJUCHAV!!!!!! Was going to try and find you! All else is irrelevant!
the slow red fox hopped past the tired dog.
Plenty of reasons to dislike #BGP. The fact that the Mayor's gone to such lengths to do trivial things is disturbing.
Bummer! The show was amazing!
Double follow up to my last tweet: It's True God is Love and LOVE conquers all, but devils and demons are pretty cool sometimes too
#UWEBC12 Marketing execs feel customer engagement leads the benefits of social media.
To the guy next to me at the bar with the tucked-in Sade shirt: Will you be my Baby Daddy?
I am good....how are you?
Why is almost 80% of the unbuilt land in Virginia in private hands, while on the West Coast it's the reverse.
I don't even feel like tweeting. I really just wanna tweet watch & rt. True story..
I have you just accepted the slype request
When in doubt, go to Google.
I may be late to this, but I am really digging #chilis new branding and look
On behalf of the University of Maryland Carey School of Law & the Admissions Committee, we wish you a wonderful holiday season!
: bored in health.
I don't know if i can say this since i haven't worked this week, but TGIF!!! Now if only there was some "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch" on TV.
County officials are using a "2010" study to counter my pepper spray story, without telling folks its based on 10-year-old numbers.
nope. Dress shopping.
i kind of REALLY miss
He played 2 years. RT : Did Jeff Teague play 4 years at Wake Forest?
": My girls are 11 and 8.. ENJOY THE QT Bro. #fatherhood is great!" I WOULDN'T CHANGE IT FOR THE WORLD.
Just when I though the state of couldn't get any worse they go & announce they're cutting 40 of 100 current routes.
I was just canoeing with like 4 or 5 dolphins!!!!! So beautiful!!!
I always end up eating the whole bag
we mentioned this on our Facebook fan page as well, the letter is really well done!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone!
Yep, I was just looking at your website. Nice work! Will definitely be in touch for our next Flash project. Thanks!
My night has been made (:
1st of three nights for show about to begin - crowd looks pumped!
YAY for tweet ups!!
Perfect evening to relax in our tailgate garden with a few choice libations!
Miss my girl ! #2months :)
I hate when people come on Twitter throwing a pity party for themselves but never say how they push people to say/do certain things to them!
Yes, and I hate it!
Alright just did
Of course! Your products are adorable.
I missed my subway stop this morning because I was so engrossed in my book. (Yes, this is another endorsement of #TheArtofFielding.)
WHEN WILL YOU SIT DOWN WITH YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS? TIME TO MEET WITH THE REAL YOUTH MOVEMENT
Congratulations on the MOBO!
I know Im not what you want. Thats why I hate waking up with you on my mind.
Damn sure right about that RT : All #Knicks fans held their collective breath at that last second shot
WHEN IS IT TIME TO LET GO WHEN THEY SAY BY OR YOU GET TIRED OF TAKIN SHIT
This dress project looks so cool! I want to know more. Was wondering what all those bird-dress-tweets were about at M&W
in Brentwood?
Listening to Call The Cops!
Just bought Big Time Rush's new song "Halfway There" on itunes! I love this song! BTW, I love the new hair cut Kendall!
I am sad-but going out huge with with Rocky Point Manor on December 2-an you are huge in the episode!!!
Awesome double feature. I own them both. Once on VHS and now on DVD. The FREAKED DVD is now out of print.
“: With at having vodka-mercy. #nohangover ”
Mindless behavior is mega fine <3MB<3
All you Karaoke folks should be getting very excited
Who is going to Jhoomti Shaam this weekend?
I agree - right with ya on the "unproductives" - maybe it is going around?
IMPROVE YOUR IMAGE INCREASE YOUR VISIBILITY MAKE MONEY WHILE UR SLEEP, P IMAGE and P. DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS
I should probably go to bed
I wonder how Titleist feels about Rory McIlroy hiding their logo with his sunglasses?
No, I didn't just have chorizo, scrambled eggs, salsa, and cheese on a hot dog bun for dinner. Not at all.
how do you use a font in a design? Isn't the font on the client?
Oh fuck NO. I got sent to the office? !
How old is he?
Word. ": The Haney Project: Herm Edwards. #classic"
SA stormed back to take the top listener spot yesterday on Rhythm & Jazz Radio but Milwaukee, LA, Dallas/Ft Worth, and ATL are close behind!
My little girl has a cold. The sheer amount and variety of mucus on her face is simply amazing.
Very cool. :)
Pastor Ben from Madison Alliance Church giving the message: "The hour has come. Glorify your Son, that your Son may Glorify you." -Jesus
Bears Vs. Packers Dog Fight Video. Boom!
DID YOU KNOW? We've added new invitation tools to #Blastoff Network for Twitter, MySpace, Linkedin, & most IM & blog services!
Get to read 2 books to Z's class on Monday. We chose Ferdinand by Munro Leaf and Oh No! by Mac Barnett. A nice pairing of peace and mayhem.
haha I'm just giving you a hard time!!
New season of Face Off looks promising.
Can you set one up and backup to iCloud?
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy. But heres my number, so call me maybe!
yupp and I'm here all the time.
Wathcing #theFlintstones! You rocked as Betty!! Love that giggle! Always makes me smile!
great job with the Wish I could have joined you guys at Brocach. Next stop
I hate being made to feel like I'm nothing.
Battier and Haslem are having the worst shooting seasons of their careers..! Somebody gotta step up. Soon.
i. Gues youre right in general, but hes got some hip hoppy stuff too. we'll see. Mello could actually b good, think im gettin sick
That sounds like a fantastic plan!
One of my favorites! Though I'm sad that they no longer have the Humba - there is nowhere in MKE to get Filipino food.
I'm different from everybody else I do my own shit
Totally obvious. Good lord!
Change your pet's diet over several days.
#jealous HAVE FUN!
Not yet. We'll see what happens...
"giant inflatable laser tag?!?! There ARE cool things outside the loop!!" -Mischa Hutchings, 2012
thank you very much
And grady back as a lead off no way a strike out
I have that effect on people RT “: so I've been awake since 3 AM and I'm somehow now out with ”
Just browsing some of my old CodePlex projects and surprised to see that some people are actually using them!
"I'm a huge Alt Rock fan! I've been to six Chevelle concerts!" Said no one who got a sexual 'yes' from me ever. (at least not since 2004)
It's c-c-cold in Chicago. Locals are bundled in coats. I only b-b-brought a light rain j-j-jacket.
fuck you buddy can't hear
put some rum in drink that will warm you up !!!!
. kills his "news" cred saying Bachmann made substantive pts on #mtp but only fact she knows is gas is high...followed by lies
I've always heard that the good die young, there's little time left to prove them wrong.
no worries, brunch another time
Thank you 2011 for waiting until the very last minute to redeem yourself.
one problem if Baltimore did this and acquired the properties they would sit on city books for a REALLY LONG time. :-)
Stunning New Alicia Fox Photos
arenado up by July?
Checking out #musesocial friends- looking forward to future convos!
Don't ask God to guide your steps if you aren't willing to move your feet
idiotic statement you have to be smarter than that.
After a wonderful weekend, it's back to the reality of school for me.
follow me back please(: 1
What up baby?? Man I am sleepy potna.
come to the trap house I'm posted
if you follow me, I follow back ♥ FOLLOW ME PLEASE (:
good looking on the follow tell the hoes to follow me.
Do I need Basic Service ($99/yr) PLUS the Track Progress ($49/yr)?
I know I'm biased cause I work with him, but a morning without just feels empty somehow.
I feel like I'm dying today.
I don't understand why people don't get rental on their insurance policies. It doesn't cost that much more & it saves a lot of trouble.
Personally I think we should keep playing IU & UNC. If IU fans are jerks then watch it on tv. See if they can fill it up themselves. #My2¢
Marshalls and/or tsunamis would make a great kids book! Congrats on homecoming.
Great and useful list Michael, thanks!
I mean, even if you got 1million I ain't gonna congrat you! lol followers are just number they're ain't fans or friends!
I bet you are bro.
check out www.YouTube.com/GoodGuyLV
Well, Du Hast just started blaring from someone's PC in the office...
If you are free on Monday night join me at Carolines on Broadway were I will be cracking some jokes ;) Show starts at 7pm!
WHY DO PEOPLE WIT MISSING TEEF ALWAYS WANNA EAT & TALK AT DA SAMETIME?
you need an API for that ;) May I suggest a geolookup function in a slick API that I happen to know of??
your welcome :-)
Yay! Congratulations! You are awesome.
excellent question....I'd bet there is a provision that protects them should that occur. They may not have time to sell new ads.
Watched the Tringled trailer. Seems interesting, good luck!
glad I'm off tmrw. Studio and gym is all I know....\
Life is incredible.
ELEASE IS MI NEW BACKGROUND YES FWM
As Calif perhaps NC worded the ballot to confuse unaware voters.
#liber2011 Preliminary findings: appears to be a relationship between usage and attainment.
that can easily be done! We all will be blogging as well. I'll send you links ASAP. Look forward to sending you great photos!
Blur - Blur
Henderson here I come
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Nick Fits ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Nampa, ID ⁰Travel Team: Hoop Dreams ⁰Point Guard 5’3
That forehead goodnight kiss >>>
One of my readers fb-ed me:" I just got Judgment on Tartarus and was up til 1 AM reading it. Already hooked!"
Happy Friday everyone! Any big cooking plans this weekend? We're thinking of broiling up some Tokyo Miso Salmon!
Next Generation Luminaires Awards: important to link energy efficiency to lighting quality to ensure products are specified.
maybe youre just looking in the wrong places...
awww savanah :( I bet they will surprise you :)
Oh and I won't them to try some shit
I disagree with Corgis on prinicple. They look like they have full sized bodies and tiny little chihuahua legs.
The Donald is in the house. Trump just arrived @ the Faith & Freedom conference
I agree with you,the performance is expected to be on pointe!
PS I totally would but everybody else asked for the day off, so I'm kinda fired if I skip.
Just watched New Girl and want to play Real American soon.
Now that's what I'm talkin bout' Ayn Rand=Evil, sociopath Nihilist
Great win by and her team and staff. Onto the next one. Proud of them.
sitting in philly airport
With the global economy, you may be interested in some of these common languages for business and culture courses for businesses
shoutout to follow!
I guess this makes it official. Twitter is so easy a caveman can do it.
Congrats Big Guy!! Welcome to the family!!
Very helpful! How about more off the beaten path and upscale spots? New places guests might love?
u forgot ur lost that gave u!?
RT IF YOU LOVE TWITTER :)
I want to sky dive
In the night ~ I remember ~ who I am
Everybody Follow !!!!! <3
message me if you want half price code for this weekend's show
his attitude is shit is the reason why he stinks
If you can't accept what's on your plate, why accept the offer and order it?!
just bought the audio version of your new book so I can hear you narrate it on my way to work each day!
my pins aren't posting to Twitter [sad face]
Let's go skinny dipping this summer
haha! Me too ;)
Just came home, I see we still playin around(Pacers)
hey its a Friday, we should get a big posse and get hotel and things of that nature for true partytime
Ha my first tweet in probably a month, and I lose 3 followers. Really are you that mad at me? Im sorry
get wit me
whoa! spinning the beats at luxe #cincy last night-amazing! had this girl on dance-floor ALL night. great to see you, Tony!
so sorry to hear about your loss -- always remember he is watching full time now so do all you can to make him proud !!
...with that said I think Clevend better win this year!
One thing I hate is not having control over a situation ..
Saw Think Like A Man. Very impressed with the entire cast and especially the writing/directing. Tim Story is on my radar!
you have. A problem
"Electricity is really just organized lightning."
Greetings and welcome to my new followers - peace and happiness to you all
If u in or going to Austin for #RelayWeekend RT!!!!!
Just landed in The H. One of my fav. Towns to recruit.
Please continue this thread, I find it amusing.
I'll see what I can do
Thanks for the kind words Stephane. The disruption is getting started....lots more to come!
Hey guys :p Whats up????
Have a goal of avoiding backing out accidents. Take care to get out of your vehicle and look around if you are unsure.
I'm tore down...Almost level with the ground
Re Schwehr - shared the very beautiful Do You Know What It Means To Miss... with me some time ago.
I hope to be at "A Night w/ the Aztecs" Char. 50/50 I may be stuck out of the country in the island nation of Hawaii. Know soon.
no you wouldn't my class is practically next to the door
So find about more about yourself here! RT : " She is a thug in a cocktail dress " That just describes me perfectly.
Lost in pembroke pines >.<
We are representing. Maybe 30% of the crowd are IU fans RT : As always, there's a lot of red inside the Bryce Jordan Center
ONE GAME BELOW .500
Austin's next concert is going to be in Los Angeles, RT if you want to go!
And we're going way back with another classic, The Fountainhead, 6th movie
ard bet I'm tryna grab some ASAP I'm tryna hear some knockers
Gas is damn near $5. I don't think guys are gonna drive to your shit to just "chill" anymore, lol.
RT : DIY Grad School! Media artist & Designer is having a lecture at 4pm today at Do not miss!...
Wow I just realized I have 40 followers wow I really just noticed that...wow.
love useless trivia :-)
i'm watching this 1hr&30min show just to see u guys for about 4 minutes. Can't wait to see u guys, btw u were great on icarly
Thanks for the #FF #TwitterKarma today Hope your live in the
When using chard or avocado leaves instead of corn husks, the wrapper can be eaten along with the filling. Nom nom nom!
The reason God made Spring after Winter is because after the Rain, always comes Growth!
If youre mad at me, cool. Be mad. Don't put it aside and act like everything's okay.
Oh hey, a new Blur song sort of.
work in the executive offices for a professional sports team.
Want personal art for the holidays? Contact stunamidraws(at)gmail(dot)com by Dec. 10th . First come, first served.
The Realest Niggas say my Lyrics do Shit for Em....
Bench warmers never ride forgein cars so play the game
Cool - then there is still opportunity to buy more stock
IT WAS SO COOL!!! Almost surreal. SPACE!
let's do this one more time!
yay good for y'all! Sold out nice!!
in case I fall asleep before OT... Kane / Rafi Tores
Teacher at another district says she is envious we are doing this, would love to teach in such a program.
I'm flying into SLC tonight and speaking at #RootsTech on Saturday afternoon. Plz add me, thx!
you know what's real? Those fuckin' meatballs. So down next week again with the crew. #YUM lol.
The problem with phase space is that it requires a dimension for each variable being studied.
you were missed!
soon I swear! We will make a wknd of it ;)
I gotta stay home & clean.. that's my sucky reason..
Already freezing
just think of me as the pages in your diary <3
Almost done with the hunger games and it hasnt even been a day yet #addicted #soogood 📖
Give them a chance to changed.
yep, will keep you posted. :)
I will be keeping on eye on the #CICDH twitter stream. Maybe start stockpiling ethanol for the generators for DH2013? Good luck!
put and on the train tonite.
Giants or 49ers this week?
Am I the only one who needs Dramamine in order to get through a Prezi presentation? Oh, the nausea
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.
Where is this happening at?
HARO queries? Never used HARO before!
Yeah, and just wait 'til she tries to open her door...
bonding time watching trash TV with and a guest appearance from
12 Venti Eggnog Lattes on their way!
Wasn't Barack Obama raised by a single mother?
more white powder downtown this afternoon?
i have watched u, and the whole taps team since season one. It will not be the same without u! Plz stay connected! :)
love the concept. I think it is key and has potential to change student learning. Just makes sense.
Cant believe its only Wednesday..
tired of new york? where should I move?
RT : Pick up the phone, every day, call someone. Hone your conversational skills. Go ahead, dont be afraid. It's easy :-)
4 people looking for 1 check that I enteredn but not bothering 2 ask me about it. Some1 just asked me another ? only 2 ask some1 else :SIGH:
RT : What's a Shweeb? Find out in my post, Speeding in the Shweeb." Could be coming to a city near you!
Who else is up for an #ArrestedDevelopment marathon on Netsux? I'm kind of excited for the new episodes...
you gotta do the Diplo Express Yourself pose
Planning to ride 1 more 100 mile bike race this year. Thinking of doing the cancer ride October 1st. Want to support my mom, dad & others!
Nothing better than a nice cold hooka on a cold night
Suits are to women what lingerie is to men.
awe I kno how you feel. My best friend wants to be home schooled for 8th grade thru highschool & I'm just like no!
Appreciation & #FF Shout Out to : 30K member & growing Peace Ed NING Network & grt resource for Youth Ed and more
#nf follow back((:
let's say 12:30. See you there!
Guilty.. Maybe I'll have an appearance tonight at Irishmen haha.
I was thinking about investing in Gold as a commodity on the NYSE. And then I found out I actually own $1600 of actual gold
Thanks for the tweet!
With chillin in austin
Attending wireless innovation alliance hearing on wifi and spectrum auctions with Senatprs Kerry and Moran And others.
Our flag is red, white and blue, but our nation is a rainbow-red, yellow, brown, black and white-and we're all precious in God's sight
/7 music notes 7 vital organs 7 days a week 7 liberal arts 7 colors of rainbow. Many more...
Following you now :)
Finally got my computer back smfh
you haven't been on twitter in ages.
IT'S YOU!
how are you related to ate april joy liwanag??? i 've browsed your Baluarte Trip Pictures..so cute.:)
that is my spot. A true (kinds hidden) gem!
I started wearing red lipstick, but then everyone else did so I stopped
team #shuckeyducky will kick ass eventually. It just may take a couple tries.
That sounds dirty.
Look forward to your sharing some of your new healthier recipes with us and our readers. Thank you.
The world is perfect it's MAD MAD MAD did i say MAD people.
just found out NIGHTSHADE, ('s sequel to THE POISON DIARIES,) came out 10/25! where have I been? *dashes to amazon*
Super Moon? Next month Full Moon only 0.6% farther away 0.6% "smaller" Missed last night because clouds? June 4 close to Super
SO awesome to see an AMTC alum on #TheVoice last night!! And she's AMAZING! Go Sharon Mathai!!! Very proud of our AMTC family :)
Don't underestimate strategy
