mean lady at dontes: "you look really butch for a girl"... WTF.
are you awake? We are playing Mario kart and wana know If you and yosh wana join in :)
that sounds awful and stressful and terrible! feel better!
But, When I Am In The Hospital, I Be Grubbin x)
#continental original staff called to complain saying boarding pass with gold was all id needed. "That's what we have computers for" he said
I'm jealous. I could use a cold Red Stripe right now.
Just sold our last pack of peanut butter chocolate bars. Completely sold out! Not a bad way to end the weekend.
“Formal education will make you a living; self education will make you a fortune.” Jim Rohn
going out to the movies
Keeping my fingers crossed, you guys.
lol you good bruh? Fuck that noise I would fought my way out that corner!
Happy 35th Birthday!! --The C'Ville Downtown Mall Celebrates. Have your cake and eat it too. Watch CBS19@ 5& 6 **before** heading downtown.
RT Thanks! RT : is probably the best mall out by Miami! No lie.
If you died I probably wouldnt notice ...
Little do you all know that I've replaced my wardrobe with clothes made from moon rocks.
I love the redesign!
Just finished another session with verse and we high as fuk
Drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.
If it snows tomorrow I'm breaking up with buffalo I can't handle this inconsistent shit anymore☁⛄😲
I'm rooting for the Golden Retrievers today.
I got mascara to last me for monthss, but I usually don't need it
Hosting PR sessions in the Google Campus today!
Phil Phillips is my favorite so far, but I do love "The Prayer" and Jessica's great talent.
2NITE at 8 counts down the #HotFacebook5At8 w/ tix to see NEXT WED at ! Listen for all 5 songs to WIN!
If watching educational tv is considered being productive, then I've nailed it today... Big time.
made it to #icny. ny snow not too bad. 8 inches and it is not snowing this AM. Stop by Start Up Alley and check out the latest
Welcome to the congregation Tony Carrillo! We're happy to have you aboard!
Stop sleeping on Young Roddy...y'all gonna regret it...
Still can't believe Casey anthony got off that easy!!! Then got off on a sun. of all days when a Tow truck driver smelled a dead body..
The Martini Project: I'm in. Best project I every heard of.
Republicans again advancing proposal to replace guaranteed benefits of Medicare with voucher system. Giant step backward....
If you believe in a drug free home and protect your family through early discovery you need to follow.
spoke too soon!
The Bra.San Diego's Hangover(SDCTA event)bra is held aloft by council member in bed. funny bit. Bra backstory now revealed-digging deep
Thanks for having me on the show! It was a great experIence. I appreciate you guys helping out the rookie
Happy #Cubs Opening Day, Chicago... Stop by after the game for a celebratory #W toast!
What a great night last night was ....<3 now if someone can remind me what happened that'll be great ness
I got some great gifts this #BlackFriday until I got to and found a ton of stuff for myself that I couldn't resist!
My friend calls me a blonde with brown hair . . . . is that a compliment?
Download our EP for FREE at www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com tell your friends and let us know what you think!
Ok girls, listen up. STOP worshiping Justin Bieber and live life and dedicate your time to ONE DIRECTION :)
Now being heard in Judiciary: Senator Lieu carrying legislation 4 Equality California 2 prohibit sexual orientation change efforts = SB 1172
The Royal Wedding with Fred Asaire and Jane Powell is creepily incestuous ...
huge thanks to Kevin Quinn for his generous donation to Antony & Cleopatra
Almost forgot about 's show at Vandam. Be there for a wild time! XoXo
Thanks Richard!
Drove all the way to and I don't have my wallet! Now I'm searching my car for change!
I was telling my bro that is the most talented guy ever and he agreed... hes 20years old hahaha :)
yeah but the NCAA and folks at Heritage Hall told me that unnamed running back never went to USC... So he still counts?
woohoo - second printing coming. always think of steve carell in dan in real life:Mom, "'it's a first edition!", SC-"it's the only edition."
Friday mornings always make you feel like you gonna have a good day:))
Grizzly adams did have a beard.
Say hello to Mother Ginger! My night at the ballet with you and #Rene was like the most sensational event of my life.
wow thanks bro.... But my story isn't done yet..... That's just the beginning!
Thank you so much!!
well said
It stinks to see anyone get hurt, but the #Celtics' path to the conf. finals got a lot easier with Derrick Rose out for the playoffs.
put me on the guest list, please. I love to party.
Austin sounds like an angel
When people ask me how was the gym? It's always the same answer tiring, sweaty & old men blow drying their saggy balls, it never changes.
Mario just said ICONic :')
Wthr is correct half inch ice in Lapel
not sure about retirement and disability plus it was a different world when founded with 4 payors per payee
Said goodbye , turned around and you were gone , gone , gone faded into the setting sun slipped away .
No, sorry. You're correct that good biz advice is free/easy to get. Just saying a lot of bad advice is also free. Hard to know the diff.
Why do people continue to "kill" people off on Twitter?
very cool! Looks beautiful!
Those are simpler! But they look weird to me now. Whenever I address an envelope I have to remember to use the USPS abbrevs.
We'll be going live with an Huckster Propaganda from the mayor's race in a moment.
Today is the last day for SUBURBIA , open noon - 7 pm. Come see this fab show one last time!
Thank God for another day
I'd say give me a horse over a ring anyday! :D
I hope its Remy! : Got this drank in my cup.
I thought yuh man was suppose to protect always... Threw what ever...
soy & vinegar should almost cover the meat.
bitch you're not slick... if you follow, than unfollow, you can lick the ball sack!
so much for cracking through the paper... #sorrynotsorry come to prom pictures!
Lol oh lord..
i heart cody <3 do you?
hey tyler stop talking to her before I beat the fuck outta you :)
Independent grocery delivery service for food deserts / cities. No fee on top of grocery bill, just a monthly subscription. Great UI.
I feel like I don't do anything anymore... I need to go out you need to come back and we can have din din!!!!
Best prices in Seattle area, we will beat any price by 20% RT
Sad to miss out! RT : Attn Sconeheads ! Paisley Fig made lemon poppy seed AND ginger for today's brunch! Going quick!
When a song is so good it gives you the chills >
got a gig doing some creative work at baltimore health care access. salaried! it's a big kid job! see you this weekend?
Thanks to and for coming to our game last night!
why must you make me imagine things lol
* Follow your heart as long as you live *
2012 will be here before you know it... That means - Custom Art will be celebrating 50 years! So much excitement around here - So proud o…
HomeSweetHome. time for Grey's Anatomy
good i just be chillin and shit in the house unless i step out some weekends and working
Number 1 takeaway from #12ntc - stop doing stupid sh*t.
Happy Saint Patrick's day! Have a great one!
Nice Toynbee Tiles story. Probably going to see it tonight, but am afraid part of city's mystery will be lost afterward. True?
: Fashion fades, only style remains the same. Coco Chanel"
used to think the same thing. Saw him live. Totally changed my mind. The Boss delivers.
Sweet! Update our app, people! : your updated app is live!
Happy Birthday To My Pops 4 More Years To Go
And why not? Most kids today don't even know the Muppets had a TV show.
My Birthday needs to get closer so I can see Polkaboy in concert! Cool Creek Concert Series
Just remember: Thanksgiving is really about who you are with and what you are thankful for.
Thanks bro! Merry Christmas to you too. Hope we get to work "together" again next year!
Hulk was a beast
Where did Paul Pierce find his knees again??? 2 nasty dunks
Great Movie😉
It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain
does anyone besides me remember warm fuzzies?
The early bird gets the St. Vincent 7"?
Follow The Better Contractors Bureau were a non-profit consumer protection agency established in 1974 to be of assistance to the home owner.
Sorry, we'll fix that!
im always down
I hope you are having a great time at BTR! Richard is The Bomb! Miss You!!!!!
What SERVICE are U to the PEOPLE..HUMANS around U? :-)))
girl makin it!
you're the only person I know who seems to believe in (orvoice)the rapture. What do you know that the rest of us don't?
Man, I was just going through all my old tweets. There are some gems in there. Check 'em out.
I could never fuck one of my girl friends
Yeah these links have worked well. I always stay on top of your site I just don't say much.
So what do audiences expect of online vs. on-site museum experiences? The same? Different?
hiihi :D omb how did you made this, cody simpson is following you! *-*
I had on a sweatshirt and a parka this evening! How did it go from 85 degrees to 51 in only a few hours?!
Know any college students looking for summer work? Catering experience a plus but will train the right peeps. Clean driving records only!
i am probably one of the most "unappreciative" people.. or so im told
so don't forget to smile when you see the sun come out.
ShiT I'm in yonker s right now. Dis mexican got a shoppn cart w hot food and drinks
#Flashbelt is rockin. Saw sessions covered by and Rain stopped so the bike ride is ON! :D
Metal Ballerina for Most Metal Athlete!
RT : MARK YOUR CALENDARS: 3rd Annual #TCTHH/ Charity Event will be on 5/31/12 Details to follow....
Thanks Katherine! We are honored to be working on the project.
bday tonight at ! Gunna be hot hot
maybe ponies. Sparkly ones with, uh, big boobs. Yeah. Boobs.
Sorry I havent been on much, family issues. But i'm on now :D
Who's running? We runnin!!!
Chocolate covered strawberries are the BEST.
For real? I've never been there but have been wanting to. Filet is my fave.
Arturia Arp or Moog Modular directly from an interface into a crusty old solid state
Thank you for the RT! Much appreciated!
Lender Processing Services' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha
I may have only thought of this guy because I saw Scott Van Pelt in the press room, but Bo Van Pelt is my Masters pick
Praying for the families affected from this weekend's horrible car crash in Fond du Lac County. My heart breaks for them.
See you on the fields tonight domo. PS I think you meant
Plane crashes, murders, suicides, lions eating a woman ... we have a ton of stories in our "From the Crazy Vault" series...
People who try to be someone they're not. < People who are original.
will you be coming to Jeld-Wen tonight for CCA?
The #RYPdiscountcard will be in the house tonight. Get your membership card at tonight's Social!
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” -Dr. Seuss
You nothing like me
It's so annoying when my dad tries to put sport analogies in everything he says, especially when he's lecturing me...
oh must be other ones. I will check.
#uptowngirls pretty food movie.
I just call 911 I just got put on hold.
I'm partial to Punch Rockgroin or Slab Hardcheese.
I thought that I was multitasking but it turned out that I was only wasting time.
he will have a blast on our show!! i promise:)
Can't watch Late Late Show, BH is sleeping. Hope I can catch it on the net somewhere. Sounds like fun.
today and they are probably putting me in a foster home ...
RT As part of assignment, we were asked to select ONE tasting representative for - here he is ->
Build great backlinks by creating accounts in facebook, Linkedin, YouTube, Yelp, Merchant Circle & aggregators like Digit & Stumble Upon.
Hi SentryScene13(Sentry13Scene) here! This is a hello from everyone who loves and respects u,your friends,and your show! :) <3
People really need to learn their homophones. Go back to elementary school.
My Bestfriend hasn't called me for 2 days, or has been going to school. Wtf is going on.She said things wouldnt change but they already have
I'm a bartender aren't I? Stand back and watch the 5's roll in! Haha
lol I know you love me but I just love you more but you not believing that is more reductive than Madonna's fake cheerleading
ucla prediction was made the day reeves nelson story dropped&pineda prediction was made day of trade.check my TL!
Got to get out of here. #ChamaDrama meets
Eating your yard - Fort Dodge Messenger
the comedic timing of jaleel white aka steve urkel
May your neighbors respect you. Trouble neglect you. Angels protect you. And heaven accept you.
made it through, and my arm didn't even bruise. Ready for my next appt.
tell me what? Lol
hanging with my bed, seems to like me and i feel the same way(;
im so excited! i have prom and two military balls in the course of 20 days! imma be partying it up!!
I feel you... I should've said "Most" NI99AS. But our stats on that battle proves my statement to be true
#Zombie #Zombies Can you make a zombie doing Zumba?
I'm off to Green Bay. Go Pack Go!! #Packers. In the meantime go
RT : Personally I make the time for it, just like all planning. Tools that engage kids are worth the time
Oh god i'm watching Michael Jackson's This Is It on VH1 and i'm about to cry.
Fact for today: 2 million barrels of oil are used in the USA every day! That's a lot of wind to blow if prices keep going up!
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip
Check out the F-List! Please share! indiegogo.com/theflist
keep ya head up sticky
it's funny how often those looks converge isn't it?
Going to bestbuuy to get my new ipod. Eheheh
This evening Pilates class at the Presbyterian Church Hall! 6 - 7 PM.
I Just Ain't Into Jordan's Like That Anymore. Gettin This Crib & Car Is My Thing Now Ya Know :-)
Thank you #TempleRun for making me go to bed pissed
RT Daddy thought it would be funny to call me Henry after his Gramma who was named strange? but I like Henrietta lots better !
The Sonics...I mean the #Thunder wins!
#ItsAmazingHow I never thought I would be where I'm at right now, but I'm pretty happy with it.
to continue your metaphor...the "pigs" threaten the production of the "food" for everyone, not just the farm "mortgage holders."
We had an awesome turnout at our writing workshop this weekend in #CulverCity. Stay tuned for more soon!
hi love, have a wonderful day!!
“: Dear Windshield Wipers, Can't Touch this. Sincerely, The Little Triangle.”
I seriously don't deserve this kinda treatment. But what's done is done
Can't get enough of our burgers? Stay tuned for some exciting new ways to win and earn free Wingharts grub!
Jason Aldean kind of night <3
Indian / Phillipino , Hm , not my taste , but don't knock it , til you try it , lol
NYC lesson of the day: to win, all you need is a dream. Also, millions of dollars. When's Bloomberg's parade?
Up for the week! Get to louie. The sun is shining and the patio is ready for great customers
Thanks for making it, that was awesome.
Buy C
Obamacare #SCOTUS arguments as Beckett play, pt 2: "The question is, do we want half a loaf or a shell?" --Elena Kagan
Need some motivation. Someone come motivate me.
we headed back to hotel
I got this new shirt and it's stripped, and it makes my boobs look gynormous.
In the bg of jc's icon it looks like someone is in the corner of his bed.
“: Memphis is the nation's fattest city. I am beyond proud of our obesity. #GOFATTIES” god I love you Lauren hahah
Cause im burning up burning up for you baby!!:)..haha
Great panel discussion with Asst. Dep. Sec. Of State Cook & DG Bokova. Thank you!
I love my best friend.
Can you codify the decision so that we can share best practices with the LITA Committee & Interest Group Chairs?
whatever you're soft lol
Shit gotta get up on a session tho bruh
24.2 inches of snow in Jersey City, NJ...whew!
Yea, we have loads! We have end of year exams on EVERY subject! How'd your bio test go? ;) What's it on?
My day doesn't start until I open my blinds
What would you like for Christmas/Hanukkah from Broken Glass? Reply/Comment and let us know!
Yes I'm jealous
I heard that one. SO CREEPY.
they stole paul from knicks why not chandler too or one of many free agents
Getting icecream for my angle she had a great day.
hey I'm wearing mine too !
Noel looks so fucking cute. Omg.
Im So Proud To Be Called Your Angel,&Yea You Not What Haters Will Hate But Us Angels and You Babe, Will Always Stay Together!<33
Teresa's brand of crazy officially has become not entertaining - this chick is in need of serious therapy. And an English tutor.
We bring U the latest nutrition science in actionable bites, use them to get healthy, please visit our website for more optimal health help
Thanks I will! :D
a django upgrade
I'm still amazed that nobody has called Phillip Phillips as being a carbon copy of Dave Matthews!
ITS OUR TIME RICH 4EVER! #NO ROSS. JUS US! YGMHM!
(Wauwatosa) 3 car cash @ Watertown & Inovation Dr. with 1 of them fully involved. Everyone is out
maybe not 30! We would of best pretty much anyone though. UK was just too strong for us.
I hope he does!
one tweet and everyone freaks. "Niall and Demi"
This week was....DEADLY
music news The Rapture – “How Deep Is Your Love?” Video
registering a client for HVAC classes.
I need it to be Saturday right now! Beer, sunshine and.....
Jealousy is a shade that doesn't work for me. I'm better than this.
why can i watch live tv on my iphone, but not my mac.
Stacy G rocks!!
ahh, i see. yeah i just watched the video of ellen
Hey guys! Well you keep asking for us to stay open longer. As from this Friday Safari Cup will stay open until 7.00pm. So we'll see ya then.
you're too young to experience love.. live life first.
thanks for the love!!
Baby carrots, sliced kirbys and Campari tomatoes + hummus. Best #SuperBowl snack ever.
Holy fuck. I packed on some pounds. Damnit, that's what I get for eating like a pig. Fuck you guys. Soy mad.
YES! I love swimming .. It's a plan !
attitude determines altitude
Teaching class tonight @ GJC Talent.
Can't wait to see my friends tear up the stage tonight at the Dreams in Variation preview.
ok :D
ahliee Like who even brought the Mandie situation back up anyways
shes my girlfriend<33 and yes I will be seeing her june 2nd(:
Ward 5 festival this saturday come out and support us
If I remember correctly...
R. Kelly is this generation's R. Kelly. That statement makes as much sense as R. Kelly.
not shiid !! what up punk ass i havent heard from u in a minute !!
Watching Hillary Lindsey sing "Jesus Take The Wheel" (songwriter)
oh shii u said the n word
Who puts the staples in upside down?! Is she 5 years old? This isn't a new invention
Been craving taco bell for like 2 weeks finally got it and it gave me life....
Ryan can you make my day lol tell me somthing funny
Whatever...that's all I have to say...
Either way my response will be the same 'I'm PERFECTLY fine'. ;*
will be good to see 85 dominating again!!! 3 leaps out of you tomorrow!
looking forward to it. Are you you in Austin already?
I need to get your jersey this season. I have to show off my Jets pride in Wisconsin :)
We're looking forward to coming out for some hot soup and a cold beer! One of our favorite Lake Minnetonka hang outs!
WOW just watched the movie Shame. Wow.
Really want to like WeVideo integration w/ Drive. Crash and burn on first attempt...
there it is
TRAPPERZ CHOICE Releasing Soon
Congrats buddy!!
Bye bye playoff beard
Dont stop doin what youre doin have i payed my dues just to be with you
Finally!! A break from the rain! Take cover with us and check out our new stock... new Alexander McQueen coffee table book is in!
Me too! I use Buffer for my personal account because I'm less concerned about metrics, but Hootsuite on business accounts.
The design views of the new 520 bridge look impressive. Of course it should with a $3.50 peak toll.
oh shit! R u ok?
Today we remember the victims of 9/11.
I will also try to check your haunt out this year as well
2008/2009 were trial years for text marketing! 10 is the jump-in year and Xmas is coming. Don't be caught with you pants down!
Congrats to ! it has been a year since their EP came out :)
Think they have a job for me? I've shot billions of units of veldspar. :p
Glee By:Heather Morris and Matthew Morrison ♥
What a week!
Yes - the IDF would want to keep the attack timing a secret. Does that surprise you? Yes they would take phones - so big deal!
Live Like There's No Tomorrow...
We should all print out our messages from tyshon Middleton and make a book!
my toe itches...must scratch...aaaahhhhh...
rt “: Federal judges strike parts of Act 10, including annual recertification votes and auto union dues deductions
Seattle: City of far away stares.
University of Chicago studies show a great sense of humor can add 8 years to your life.
Wish me luck on job hunting today ! :D
New York D:
#evenifyoupaidmeiwont trade my iPhone for anything.
Welcome to Seattle!
just pissed me off
“: maybe because of your choice of finger? ha, have a great day!” lol! Good one:)
I'm just hungry period lol
Someone give me a massage.
There's a place in my head that repeats what you said..
Had so much fun watching #ThinkLikeAMan in the theater. Loved and cast. Megan Good's best role yet.
Um so you're in NY. Meeting? Friday? :) I am leaving town sunday for 2 weeks.
Swinging 3-0, Joyce? Really? REALLY? When the walk puts the tying run in scoring position.
Google Calendar, not liking you right now...
whatever! The #miamicHEATs had to play a hockey game in order to beat the bulls last night. 2d RD & their out! Mark my words!
The men's restroom is about to become reality!
almost done with them. I had to rewrite them. I haven't forgot!!
Ya ever jut fuckin laugh out of no where? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
ill go ref for the kind of money they make !!
Too bad my hair doesn't even look like your twit pic anymore!!!! Got it did today
Working on Molly, Joe Turner's Come And Gone. For MTB Sudios.
Pre game listening to music we made
hi sir follow back
The day you give up trying to be right all the time, it'll be the day you set yourself free.
if I was Luann I'd rescind he offer. What a joke.
("Black Panther" Poem Of The Day: by "Black Panther" NEETTA BLACK - (From The Strong Collection) - at amazon.com.)……….
happy abor day!!!!!!
George Lopez cracks me up!! Lmfao!!
thanx for interest. Write me at & I'll send info. G
stock exchange
What an amazing group of kids and director! so excited for them!!!
NICE ICON BLAZE!!!!!
Thank you to everyone who packed Friday night to support our scholars! We were so happy to share our work with you.
no worries and thanks :)
I just learned (on NPR) that Monday is International Jazz Day.. there's no way I'll be able to put together a full ensemble by then!
wow, you're gettin it in! Do it big #BossLady. Wish we could b there and shadow you on set. #DayInTheLife of a
Hello i'm on my phone so i am sorry that i have not been on for a long time so talk to me
New Year's Eve cold is 99% gone...that was a nasty little bugger. Working on answering weird/crazy questions this morning.
MediaPost: Woo Buyers With Paid, Owned, Earned Media
very true. We need more lights!
hey I'm on - maranda
Happiness is 3 days in a row of great food great beer and great fun with my buddies on the road! I am so lucky to be here! YAY
Smoked salmon creamcheese on a cinnamon bagel
YO! #SuperFans from #Hong Kong!!! You rock! Thanks for downloading !
Would you say 3-4 now as well, or longer?
mona! my friend read the books!
Well you've been no where to be found for the last couple of months... so had to streak alone.
or just the sh*tty ones? what do you suggest in lieu? esp for those who haven't the skills to use other more dynamic options..
AWHHH LUKE I LOVE YOUR MUSIC lol u seem soo down to earth and thats awesome can u follow me???
RT : Told the wrong people that my birthday is tomorrow
It's kinda sad that it's already the last day of school! It went by so fast!!
#arealchange Fear is nothing more than the absence of belief
applications for our Tour Team. We could def use ur talents! Email me for the details and we'll talk:
If you could wrestle one superstar who would it be?
Celtics are better than the Pacers.
seize the moment! happy weekend! :)
it's in sabs room!
RT : Infonetics: controls 34% of enterprise session border controller market; in #2 spot...
Did you have a good time last night dancing with Wanda Acosta at Thom Bar? Thanks for coming out & checking in on Foursquare!
can we get rid of Word and IE too?
#Fridayreads: The Tiger's Wife
Looking for a good workshop that's not to expensive.
New appetizer: pork-stuffed chicken wings. Ground pork, jicama, onions, and spices stuffed inside whole chicken wings and fried.
Just saw a self-driving car
Tell me who controls kings I dont follow rules..stupid old things
Man o man, I'm running outta food trivia ova here!
Catch "Coriolanus" if you've missed. at 2 more days and in small theater, but worth it.
....the stories behind MJs dad death was becuz of Michaels gambling problem....but ppl dislike LBJ for raising money for charity?
looking for a response to our emails! any time to do a review/GeekSLP approval? Would love to hear from you!
back to work already? your one busy guy.
Jamar has been a fave from the get-go on #TheVoice. He's hope when we've lost our way. Here's to 30+ more birthdays!
Making new friends always puts me in a good mood
2 New blogs up on www.mojosworld.net under the 'Blog' tab.
Why is the weight loss focus so darn difficult?
Off to a local sports bar to watch the Pune Warriors kick some booty tonight. At least I think it's going to be a local sports bar.
Engaging conversation at today's White House Hispanic Community Action Summit #WHenWI at South Division H.S.
A7. Oh sure..next thing you're gonna want to know is 'which child is my favorite..' Sheesh! I love them all. :)
Cal must've forgotten that Christmas is over. Another gift? Why thank you, Bears.
Linds is about to call you!
The dance was amazing
"Bridget works in publishing and used to play naked in my paddling pool." -- Mark Darcy. "How odd." -- Natasha
to funny
I had to go to Nordstrom and buy new shirt . spaghetti sauce didn't match my white shirt
Do fairy tail endings exist anymore? No.
naw that's you
Not that that should surprise you at all. :)
Contact Me And FFTAMG On Our NEW Corparate Line: 414-306-7015 For Ticket Sales, Booking, and Corparate Contact..!!!
I've been working for a month (together with a wonderful team) on 12WeekPlan.org What's you're plan for the election?
Who wants to donate to the poor afghan american girl foundation?
This man was a 2-term president: "If they were called some other body's tax cuts, they're probably less likely to be raised."
spinning The show goes on right now
is AMAZING! It's all I use when I'm in NY! :)
sacrifice...and do it...just do it. Just do it. And appreciate that it will take longer than a 5 second montage to do so.
I really have a lot I need to be doing to get prepared to create at home. I just don't have the energy.
congrats ellen!
"Feel like I'm Martin Luther! DREAM big until the DEATH" -#Avenue snappin!!
I'm attending to perform media coverage for and wanted to make sure WMC is aware of it!
do not make eye contact... They can sense fear! ;p
Obligatory Charlie Sheen tweet. Moving on...
yes yes I'll be home next week! I'll text ya when I'm back :)
We don't really exist. Twitter was set up as a huge fake thing just for you. What is that movie...?
Buying my imaginary pet fish a snuggie.
Thanks for following! Good luck with your studies!
idea! move State email severs to google apps would save the state millions 200,000 employees X $50 = $10,000,000 pr yr for IT
YEA BITCH YEA BITCH CALL ME STEVE O!
hope it goes great. I have one big hot mess in front of me tonight
Lakers are putting on a passing clinic!
Alays interesting to find out who watches public television.... :-)
Sitting at a large table in the mountains with 4 Iraqi women who are reading me my future from a tiny cup of coffee.
yep. the bursts of tech content was annoying the CLT people
If you use your invite code, they'll get $10 off first ride, and you'll get a $10 credit reward! :)
clever little man!
4:20 checking out lake mich from my bedroom windows
Haven't been on twitter in a while....
I really should be tired..
Old McDonald, the strict farmer who parented with an iron fist, has never fully supported his son, Ronald's, clown career.
Congrats!! RT "ts been a little over a year since we opened our Scottsdale shop."
lord listen 2 me God dont like ugly #itwaswritten ---> who wrote this #classicline ?!
nothing just cuddling with my "fold ~N~ play friendzz" lol
♬ Craig Wiseman Has written 15+ No.1 Hits One of the best & well known songwriters in Nashville Great role model for wanna be songwriters ♬
was going to txt. But thought u might he some where being a smooth Playa lol. Side note: That made me laugh cause ur clumsy
Going to the mall and maybe a movie on Saturday and Sunday, will probably stay and catch on some work and cleaning. :)
Base hit, Matt... Bat on ball.
i got to get started on this project that's due in a couple of days
Between $150-$200 a ticket. Check StubHub, there's still some left in that range
“: If he wants to spoil you #keephim”
In Jesus name, I live 🙏
#randomthought I think & should go out on a date!:}.
I love how you take time out of your day just to tweet to your fans! That shows us how much you love us #MAHOMIES! We love you
Men in stretch jeans = wrong.
Am I the only person watching Mortal Kombat?
red lights as stop signs you can't beat that
Granite City hospital security guards charged with manslaughter in death of ... - Belleville News Democrat
Anthony!!! I miss ya!!!
1-click purchase on Amazon is so dangerous!
In the long run it won't :D
Check out He is a great guy, busy but a great guy the President of the company like his video's
Tug Fork River Band will be making a comeback at #Kylestock!!! Come support this local band as they play their first show in almost a year!
The Most Effective Way To Stay “Healthy” Is To Have Minimal Contact With Today’s “Health Care System.” –smb
Sorry to hear that. But hopefully we'll be able to represent for the sushi food trucks!
My teacher is talking about strippers & pornstars in class ._.
: Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks :) and yeah check us out and give me some input
4 you, I have 3 words 2 say in this 1 sentence. I Love You. And there's 0 lies In it.
does it really matter if were going out were just bestfriends.......? <3
A NEW BEGINING TO A NEW LIFE
Let 'em know your boy is live!
you might see me there
haha! You're on!
when i want to sleep, i can't. but when i want to stay awake, i fall asleep.
fell off a 50 foot ladder last night! Fortunately, I was on the bottom rung.
I KNOW! Omg. Fml.
how is it possible for you to be so freaking gorgeouss<3
Avatar is freakin weird. These tiger smurfs on steroids.
I wonder if iam ever gne get married
you're a haiku master who occasionally stretches toward sonnet but lacks the attention span for epic. not enough one liners
You're going to be pretty disappointed until well into DS9.
Oregon/Auburn both come into this game undefeated. Can we have the winner play undefeated TCU for the National Championship?
Nov. 11, 12 & 13 - New Mexico. Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival located at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe.
It's raining... so I'm watering my grass on Earth day.
Welcome to the Twitterverse! Happy New Year! Love u! Xo
Who's in the bottom right now?? (I'm not watching) lol
yes he did flex on that track.
That bitch stomach must hurt .... She so full of shit
Watching Little Fockers with Viggle Thu | 1PM | CineMAX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Gr8 meeting you tonight w/ 4 #PowerofUnpopular book signing with See you @ #TEDxPT!
More PSU orientation. Stop by SBA or Smith 229 9/23 9-11a to say hi and get plugged into all we have going on this year.
that would be breakfast for a retired Champ!
Back to American Greatness: Success is IN each individual; hard work is the key ingredient.
I think "Camraface" pictures are amazing should post some of her work!
I told I was going to do just that last night.
sometimes it's not the creativity or execution of an idea that leads to success, but the persistence in getting it done
Such a gorgeous day! Celebrating with a nap in the sun.
you're the first thing i thought of when i woke up too
With the fact I have ADHD and I'm shy as hell when it comes to talking to girls in real life why should I care to be-
I love watching ballet/dance its so beautiful
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
everythings good how u been doin bro?
Downtown at GRAND LUX WITH MY QUEEN !!!
Just keeping it professional
Hey guys, Its Friday! Time to enjoy the weekend with family :)
I am lol
We sure do love our members! Happy Valentines Day!
miss those days spec holidays I would send treats every holiday “: All the kids at my baby school say im the cool mom lmaoo”
Anyone agree that a work week should be 2 days of work, 5 days off, instead of the other way???????????????
YOU GOT to LOVE THEM.. To KEEP from KILLING THEM..
Wow, typos seem to haunt me. Maybe it is an Old Testament thing? You may carry my, my, my books. Hugs to you!
I love this weather! Ready for the calc final
I know right? Its so frustrating!!
The blessing of the Lord, it maketh RICH AND addeth NO sorrow to it!
but don't you suggest that?
Studio flow!!!
Oh! Yes that sounds delicious!!
Broken Hearted Girl by Beyonce <3
We were up until literally 4:30AM. He has SO MUCH STUFF
Hzappy V-day middle class bohemes
Making light of these dark days.
To all Send a Smile shopowners: give your friends $1 discount with voucher: FDRMJRX8 - Works in all Send a Smile Greeting Card shops.
Happy birthday Muhammad Ali.
ur right that is crazy fun!
Badge breakdown: Red=Designers, Teal=Developers, Yellow=Program Managers and Black=Business. Go meet someone new!
"Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer."
hey stranger I just noticed i had you on this -_- smh how are you
I hope everybody has a great day :)
Man I hate when females try to seek attention its so unattractive
RT : If I were Cundiff, I'd stay off Barksdale corners tonight.
#nowplaying Words I Never Said - Lupe Fiasco feat. Skylar Grey
Tired. Why does Wednesday feel like Monday? Is it summer yet?
how was your mothers day?
Fridays are Fabulous, but Mondays are spectacular because of GHAPFM Music Mondays!
If you know anybody that works for UPS, tell them they're bitches
where can I follow the story about labor dept??
Cant something like that mess up the week thanks uk who u are
hate when my nail polish chips...
excuse me ! We are boys , I think ? Lmao but believe me I wanna go to local, it's free👍😁 I'll let ya know
lol.has points if its you ?
Have you ever thought what will Taylor Swift will write about when she gets married?
I promise it'll happen someday!!
Lots of updates in the works for SpoonerSpot. Have you tried the Beta yet? Let us know what you think!
My.alarm clock is obviously jealous of the relationship between me and my bed.
Only a few more hours til feeds your dome with funk. Let’s get up Milwaukee!
haha.. he keeps doing the same dance lol
Thanks for the RT ! we are pairing a selection of Miller Brewery faves, ex. Pilsner U. with Sliced Kobe Beef!
Thank you for the useful tip! Now all I need is an ipad and a six pack...
Lmfao.. Wtf is she dating a girl or something or... Lol i cant. ..kinda disturbs me
Finding out your actually not poor is the best feeling in the world 😂👍👍
maybe I should have more faith that they'll get the work done in time...
The Paltalk App is back in the Apple App Store now :) We suggest everyone deletes the old app version and installs the new one.
u know u southern born if u already started cooking thanksgiving meal lol BBQ Turkey is the shitz lol
or movie maker minions
unfortunately not making it to the #SecretWineParty, but have fun and let me know how it goes!
hi r u korean^_^
The thurn's robes are of a sinister fabric that fools the eye... They're the devil's cords
down to my last hour and a half, tic toc tic toc
set up a presentation thru for social
HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE #CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER. New bookl , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon Sex, Drugs & the Civil War
Headed to the Thunder Game...Let Go Thunder!!!!!
Do you get annoyed when self-proclaimed Social Media experts don't really "use" social media the "right" way? Just sell their services?
im single. forever. i swear. this is bullshit.
Today I got a mixture of a little blue and a little purple on the brain. #StayTough!
women in business mixer
Good Luck!! We are rooting for you!!!
good woke up too early!!
over 2000 years ago a bad man walked this Earth teaching and leading by example, he was so bad that he died and raised himself up
lol, he looks nothing like draco;) he was the last one we decorated so we had like no effort but it looks ok I guess(: x
CRASH: I-5 SB- left hand emergency lane @ Norwood
Warren's beard is 3/4 back.
Thanks for speedy support today. Setting up Ning network on subdomain is trickier than expected. Will deal with this tomorrow.
I LOVE UR NAILS
you must be quite the ladies man if that's the case.
I'm sure we'll post an update as soon as the site is ready. We're focusing on a much cleaner look, articles and downloads. ^NE
Don't u hear me calling u?
I love the wildlife in Washington DC, especially squirrels!
till next Friday yes we r
dang thats pretty swank
Going to see you at Millions of Milkshakes tonight! Will have to catch the show later on TiVo like all us other LosAngelites ;)
During a long wait 4 a table, don't make your wife/gf stand, holding the baby and the diaper bag while u only hold a beer.
RT "Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out" JW
Reading essays from seventh graders written for Black History Month. Love that they are so engaged with history!
Neighbor came by to chat with wife. Dinner done, yet on the stove between them.
craving the best iced latte on Fleet St ...wish you were open past 5:30!
"April is the cruelest month," said T.S. Eliot when asked about senioritis. Good luck, my friends!
#RedTails was excellent! So glad GL fought so hard for it
Son if niggas don't die this weekend they are complete faggots
Aww thank you! Wish you were there :)
half my tweets are dedicated to ashley benson wooop wooop!
Today I bought an actual, paper book from an actual, real, walk-into bookshop.
Excited for this week! Leading worship @ Coastline Fellowship in Astoria OR on Thursday, then @ Anahiem Calvary in sunny CA this weekend!
Going to bed annoyed is always fun.
umm, I'm 15, 16 on August :D Ive got medium brown hair, brown eyes and I think I'm a nice person :L tell me about you :) <3
Originality...I like it!
idk what to say about that
Today is all about beautifying our Ward. Headed over to the Rhode Island Clean-up next. Stay tuned for more pictures.
The way your brown hair ~ Falls ~ And how your eyes catch the moonlight ~ Or is it fire ~ Angel ~ There are no poetic lines...
I knw bra. Rem boston its went live
for some odd reason my niece thinks u r so totally hot ughh
#dayoff . Don't even know what to do with myself
Im loud because if im not, no one will here me!!!!
Miller beginning to play now!!!
She called from work and that put a smile on my face. <3
called me! hopefully work out a date for interview about music and words and la stories
Heading to #Ojai, CA this wknd for some much-needed R&R and celebrations with . Have a wonderful #Easter wknd, all!
Garmin® Expands Global Presence in the Automotive OEM Space with New Offices ... - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
【ＲＴ】If You're Online & Want More Followers
NOT teaching today. Still sick.
*announcer voice* What a move from james!
I'm telling you now. This film will disturb you. #devilinside #sound delivers the goods.
| Your account is live!
You can fav my tweet, but not text me back
CalCoastCU is showing pride in our community!
that's before he bitch slapped me. I thought I was so slick.
I'm apparently switching back and forth between sci-fi and YA. Back to sci-fi now.
Getting off the internet at night is often the hardest part of my day.
Dual streaming #makesxsw & #sxproxy anyone else live streaming?
Any gameplay #programmers with #ps3 experience interested in a #BayArea studio?
It doesn't take madness to become an artist, only to stay one.
dislocated knee
Those so-called "job creators" are doing a really BAD job, Mr. Bush. Where are the jobs?
Your the type of girl that if I knew you in person..I would fight you. JS.
Those in the flesh cannot please God. But you’re not in the flesh - Romans 8:8-9
Linguists have detailed scientific descriptions of only 10% - 15% of the world's languages; 85% have no real documentation at all.
Is that show anything like CSI?
funny that it wasn't that long ago that docs scoffed at the idea of having to market their practices.
8 years could turn into 44 for man convicted of meth charges
I feel dat...lol...ain't u?...correct me if i'm wrong...
It's Wed! You know what that means - $10 off all bottles, all night long.
Great tunes! Bring the band out to Chicago sometime.
I tried hard to win too. Think of how many movies we could make! :)
I added u in my bio ;^)
Is the secret beer??
good luck
Munching on goat's milk Mountain Jack. Lunch of Champions.
I'm not even latin king bro , chill out lml
Dear , Life is for Living. Hopping a flight to Paris. I'm at LAX as I tweet. Please don't tell my momma! Love, Lola
At least. Maybe 4K.
Thank u RT : Now Following Thanks for the follow. :)
Sweet PAS dreams are over! Wake up and face the nightmare! Lol
u cant
Replay of Beastie Boy tribute on now!
Happy Birthday to you!!!! <3
RT : New topic out of our earlier discussion. What's the most popular video game you've never played? < Halo
Agreed! RT : A3: Keep learning. If youre not learning then it may be time for a change
lol it's alright.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good
Per grad student, RTP spends more than 3x more on R&D than comparable research parks.
except for the article about boro gallery.... I hope u liked it:)
wondering same thing :-/ just came across it on fb
You mean there's more MAGIC to Mitt than just his underwear?!?
I want some Auntie Annie's :}
TONIGHT #4sqdaySD: Chance to win #car2go gift bag including: t-shirt, coffee mug, sunglasses & 60 FREE driving mins
i really don't think age matters, i used too until i started dating my boyfriend. but he's the best thing that's happened to me.
The girls are the cutest -u and your wife must have your hands full.
Pretty pumped that A. It's already Thursday B. I have a kickass costume and C. It's beautiful outside.
matt saracen, cheech, peace corps (?), dope snake.
between options A, B, and C, don't be afraid to chose Q.
Why is the female reproductive system so damn complicated?! I'm a female and I still have no idea what the fuck is going on.
Congrats! That should last at least a few minutes.
Just saw gay you on 1 train
I think they do but green has way less and is supposed to be good for your skin.
Kenji ... will send you link ... also, Kenji Off Topic, let's plan to do something for Josh & Yang before they leave.
Wait a sec, you have a boss?
lmao I want to meet him so bad! And him be like u! Ur the one! Omg I would die and seriously Vin and u I can see it!
Also #FF 's official cheerleader/model :-)
It's real late where we're at. What music is taking you through the night? #nowplaying Alice in Chains - s/t
I'm totally owning this database. I WILL RULE YOU
I miss the words you used to tell me.
Stoked to be a guest speaker tonight at SDSU's American Marketing Assoc.'s meeting!
Your fire response mashup is a truly great example. Hope more across the country take your open, fact-based approach.
1 more final to go!
going where?
Sounds like a plan (:
Watching AMA Awards! Mary did her thang! Rihanna should have got the award not Beyonce.
WOW! Can't do much worse than that!!!
Looking forward to my training presentations next week at & !
Off to school ! Oh joy -___-
“Today act as if it's impossible for you to fail! Don't fake it till you make it- just change your thoughts to "I can't fail!" #leader”
A lot of the time, I have no hope for the human population; then I meet someone who just is a caring person and it blows me away.
Divine: “: Love eating tomatoes when they are fresh off the vine and still hot from the sun.”
azsxcfbghy8io90[=-]\ oops! my turtle, Pete, just walked across my keyboard. thats his Tweet, ya heard?
Creigton did their best to lose that one
I hate to break it to you, but if your reaction to the problem was to tweet about it there is probably no hope for you. ;)
I AM! Kiss him for me.
So Random (:
Americans spend approximately $25 billion each year on beer.
I am totally stoked about being introduced in NJ for the Cape May #marac meeting.
Can't Wait to see what's in store for this holiday season..!
That's Dope. Let Me Know When I Can Check Out That Music Video
Yup I'm so mad and disappointed.
alright . I'll see if I can get mon mon, but I doubt it:/
I would love to hear what this person says... And your reply :D I would def badger someone who could say such a thing.
Good Morning!!
Hi, Kait. Nice to find you on twitter. Hope life is good.
Enjoy! Love Napa
Feels like an elephant if sitting on my chest...
no... Just hot aside.
What some companies fail to see is that from their customers' viewpoint, their products, and brands are viewed as one entity. Chuck Martin
In the Green Room at NY1. Hi, Pat Kiernan!
The response to your contribution #MastersPOV is overwhelming - Inspirational, a Joy to listen to, a true Master! Much love!
I personally love it. Happy to talk more offline about why...
things that could be said in any decade RT Rest stops creep me out
“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.”
im so tired now :Z.
rocks! No inventory on the shelf for the item I wanted. Downloaded iPhone app & found 18 in store. That how tec should work.
and cant wait for ur WEDDING ;) Ill Be The One Throwing Flowers!! x
It was not until I was 30 that I went to Europe. Since then: 32 conducting ventures there
an excellent day :) lots of school work tomorrow...wish me luck! ♥
I do not like being sick!!!
Gearing up for our 7th Annual Gala! Just got a huge shipment of wines from for our auction!!!
Who needs donuts when you can enjoy a Chick-fil-A Shake? Come in today purchase a large shake and get a free chicken sandwich!
is the best female rapper I ever heard ;) <3
ur either born and raised knowing the code...or you NOT. Can't teach it to grown azz ppl.
Ladies: Remember each morning when you put on makeup, somewhere in the world a clown is starting his day doing exactly the same thing.
great (: how is fly?
thanks for the mention!!!!
There are three sides to an argument, your side, my side, and the right side
I don't have puppies!
Church on a Saturday morning...
Yes baby, it&#39;s Spring! Let&#39;s spring!!!!
Who knew Shatner was so metaphorical
To be honest I love TCAP week because after we do absolutely nothing.
You are so welcome. Your report on under age drinking was excellent!
pretty sad, huh? We are trying to reduce that number!
dude we need need u here longer than thursday.. U see what Barea did to us in the playoffs?
what's wrong with short niggas?
Good morning & Happy Friday. :-)
that's so unfair.
I'm fascinated by the correlation b/ween progress in #arttherapy and #language development.Want 2 learn so much more!
haha i know! It made me think of us because we would do that!
ill take a Danish over a donut
Reports of Kevin Youkilis on the field at Fenway playing catch. Some type of good news for the #RedSox?
Secret Services not allowed any secret services of their own. Shame.
awesome idea guys...just bought one, thanks!
Too many females under-estimate me because imma small guy
these hoes man , make me feel 50
Glad you like it! :-)
In these notes I portray (and can see for myself), how hardware changed over twenty years, say. Quotes from older books to new.
Zou Bisou Bisou is stuck in our heads now thanks to the season premiere of Mad Men. The tone of the show feels so different now, no?
So who was the weirdo that sent me a *request* on #YahooMessenger Crazy fuck.
In my eyes, you get more points for being faithful in a relationship than you do for "Getting a lot of bitches."
Good Morning! Hope the day is off to a good start!
Have to admit its growing on me too. Especially after that digital short. Hilarious.
Its MOVING DAY!!!!!!
Sounds like ponds are getting stocked this weekend (or sooner!)
come to milwaukee!! <33 i just bought a necklace that says barbie :)) and its obvi that i love you
I have such an immense love for my apartment.
“: I hate when people call me kayla. It's MIKAYLA okay.” mikayla :)
Dr house is AWESOME
WHEW In spite of 3 hour delay, still made my connecting flight - thanks 2 awesome Frontier airlines crew!
Thing that I learned today is a thing: Pferdewirtschaftsmeister certification. The DOCG of horse breeding.
yea but im also sick.
you know... when you like someone... you know what a good topic to discuss is? religion. jkkk, this is gross.
m 89% humidity before 9am... DEELIGHTFULL!!!!! *locks all doors and windows*
I hope Mitch Daniels realizes he's digging his own political grave.
We are making the flyers as we speak! 5 course dinner @ Saki Tumi, admission upstairs, Free Saki Bomb Bar, TYKU, RedBull, Free
i'll buy a shitty, old, cheap TV, turn on ESPN then punch it in the face.
That's surprising.
Tonight at Coral Gables with Conjunto Progreso and latenight with El Pikete @ Caribbean Nights Club @ 8th st. Greetings!
Created group for march madness brackets on espn. Shared link on Facebook. Group name is: MAT Life Password: davidisgod
Proving what I always said: Most evangelicals are extremely conservative. That's what they care about.
Just had a Charles Anderson / Jerry French moment
That movie kicks ass. RT : This Eric Bana movie "Hanna" - its like she's Newt from Aliens, but as an assassin
I just found out has a show in DC tonight! I'm so there.
Any clue how after a 3 hour layover in Denver, someone's bags couldn't make it from your airline to United?
Southern Ivy is send out well wishes to those in Alabama hit by the tornado
Do you consider it a compliment or are you horrified? Maybe somewhere in the middle? ;)
forsure just ask me tomorrow!
Today's letters of the day: O, K, & C. Thank you
As you are shaping your story for the media, think of some kind of twist. For example: Dog bites man. Who care? Man bites dog. Lead story.
REALLY--that cannot be the Fox news mogul/hacker?? Say this is a parody account and I'll LOL. @ jonsnowC4
are you going to school today?(:
Football, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Holidays and then ... returns on NYE, get your ALL-INCLUSIVE $99 tickets this week.
My babydaddy still hasnt said happy mothers day 💔👎👏
Brewers on the west coast... meaning in effect, they aren't playing for me... game starts at bedtime.
RT : when are you going to write a column about the real athletes? i'll send you my headshots if you need
yes do it. I might need to now. I want to watch Raiders of the Lost Ark
It's a jaw droper, isn't it? I had a hunch something was up when I saw Carl's T shirt during the cold open...
glad i saw this tweet, now im not gonna leave for another couple hours haha
Great presentation from today!
Getting rid of unwanted cars in Atlanta, GA, be it running or not running, can frustrating, but it could be easy if you call the right...
Today was actually pretty good
Just played in the snow a little with Lil... unfortunately still grossly hungover
it's not just cc:
Friday Humor: "If you think something small can't make a difference, try going to sleep with a mosquito in the room." ---Unknown
A bit bored, anyone have any good stories?
About 99% of 2010 is booked--Rhapsodomancy only has a couple of slots left for writers this year. Incredible. Will book for 2011 in summer.
if you need me, i'll be in my happy place
| Thanks for the Madge link...even micro-marketers love Madonna!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool when the fuck do I get out of here
Bout to break this fucking phone
I will. Send u a pic
Please god, let me meet this year.
Jus gat in been on da drive all day
Mazel tov! I'm sort of a real adult...wonder how long I can be a hipster hah
Nike's marketing communications budget at an all-time high, but its advertising spend at all-time low, under 13% of total (via AdAge)
#android phones need better geolocation logic. When I was in Denver, it thought I was in Portland. Now I'm in Baltimore, and it says Denver
kicked out of the football game tonight and soon to be kicked out of the game on Saturday. Bama down, Clemson to go
Keep up the good work, Kayla! We are fans of young entrepreneurs here at Have you heard of ?
hope you and your family are doing well!
I just told you, private donations from UNLV to Findlay to keep him in there.
I didn't say it was a bad thing.
Food baby, courtesy of Georgia Brown's.
also, dweeb was spot on.
Good night.
right next to the corner office - my boss' office - will she be next in my battle for Indiana Tourism Office Domination? ;)
If I had my way, things would be totally different. Still gonna keep hope alive though. :)
Me too! It's gonna be great!
Slow jamming the news. A genius political move by
I'm also bribing myself to meet grading goals--if I meet my goal for the weekend I can buy the shirt I want. ;)
guh,boys r so aggressive! still love you thou pizza =]
Young saints, old devils. 若いうちの信心は当てにならない。
Business from Israel, Ynetnews
God Morning ! (: You need to get in yo Morning Spirit heffa . Whatss wrong with these kids now-a-days lmfaoooooooo j/k
thanks bridget! :)
*run point*
A man is a worker. If he is not that he is nothing. -Joseph Conrad
When I'm gone...
Play this for her: Megamix Aventura 2011 by DJ Mauro (Ecuador) If She fall in Love Bet me Youll buy her a house from Me. I Got them 4 Cheep
It's December already?! What happened to November?
Our trainers are so empathetic and helpful! They want to know your specific goals (and problem areas!...no kidding). Ask for Big Dan.
Dear #OccupySeattle. Pls review how Anti-SOPA crowd won their war. Clear message + influential voices + common sense = Adoption by the 99%
if you are a #ucla alumni in the seattle area, follow us on twitter
Kyrie Irving sitting with Pat Riley??? What's that about? He better have game next year.
happy birthday!
Thanks for the mention. Have a great weekend.
A nice little bus to come pick up my family in Fishers and drop us off in front of Bankers Life?!
Finally watching The Fighter
M just demolished a mango 👌
Check us out! Especially if you like Breathe Carolina, And then there were none, or 3OH!3. We're legit and playing vegas soon.
which strip club in Lexington did you go to in your book?
I just read a blog, "School Administration is for old people". The author was serious. If that was the case, I would not be a principal.
l always wish my favorite writers would have written (or will continue to) write more. :)
Your national audience is getting a taste of why the UK-U of L rivalry is stronger, more bitter, and just better than Duke-UNC.
Act like a whore, youre gonna be called a whore.
RT : I'm so happy for
I want to be in Miami right now -___- -Brooke
and yes. I swapped out Du Du for Meer Meer in the re-tweet tweet.
RT : Yep, that's right. Tap Trivia is back.
Just heard my first reminder on the radio not to fire guns on new years eve...hopefully the hillbillies and gangsters listen to sports talk
#fml Potter when I was a child, Twilight when I was a teen & now Hunger Games. Can't I have a kids book just for me?!
That's surely hits the spot!
Im so lucky to have an amazing guy in my life.
Went to a sketchy parking lot carnival but had such a blast with the new bf :)
why do i keep wanting to eat?
that was scary
Its true -> RT : Not sure why it took me until 2011 to admit this, but, yes, Rumours is (still) one of the best albums ever.
TO: annoying girl complaining about being lactose intolerant MSG: Try drinking a glass of SHUT THE FUCK UP. You'll feel better.
WTF Pittsburgh? I've been evacuated from campus buildings 3 times today.
ALBUM IS OUT.. RETWEET THIS , HIT ME UP, POST AH COMMENT ( IF U NEED AH COPY !)
Thank you! Glad you liked it :)
seriously though.. Tonight was SO. MUCH. FUN. I bawled my eyes out! I don't know why! Hahaha! I wanna see that video soon!
I didn't know was a golf reporter
College oh college how i dont miss you this week...work oh work...you're killing me.
Getting ready for Bay Area to LA to Vegas trip :-)
delicious!!! Enjoy
ok I'll go to your class lol, and alright I'll take them tomorrow ^.^
Streaming noir binge going on all up in here.
Amen sir
THEY ARE YOUR ROLE MODELS.
"Funny thing about honesty is it's not only a gift to other people, it's a gift to yourself." -- at 's Lavender Grad.
Small Business Awards: Central Star Credit Union emerges from ...
Fun set last night! Thank u to all who showed support!
#NP "Take a Look at My Life" Fat Joe
Do you ever find yourself talking to someone you'd rather not talk to, but there's someone close by that you REALLY want to avoid?
If we get 1000 followers on March 1, we'll officially be happy.
u mean so that they dont ppl who want handouts or ppl who arebt that skilled?
I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I can also admit, that I’ve accepted the fact that things changed.
Okay Lol. O.o
text me to tell you tomorrow's plan ;)
boyfriend will soon have jajajajaja ♥-♥
Raul can be a yankee legend here
No just tanning beds because of that lady who brought her little girl in the tanning bed with her.
Hearing the death of 2 local teenagers makes me appreciate my life that much more.
Putting my face on
any time
Spring sprouts trees, fleas, bees...and doody? Call #DoodyCalls today, we take care of spring #poop for both dogs and #cats. $20 off now
Seeking commission-based online sales and SEO manager; part-time and virtual OK; on-site OK too. If capable of web dev, then gigs open, too.
#BuildDayMemories showing up @ 10 o clock every last one of them. Ahaha
#aiip12 switching from to for conference/ for LLC here on out
The mantle of #leadeship is for your shoulders- not trophies.
This gets the Rachel Stark Seal of Approval.
Guys apparently don't know what they're asking for when they say they want a gamer gf. Cuz they bitch n whine when their 360 is being hogged
right. It's free to think freely.
Thx so much for helping the Marquez Community w/ relocating the proposed LADWP Substation!!! #Bigsmiles!
New post: Edge Memory DiskGO! 500 GB Hard Drive
LOL. Truth. So help me.
Days just slip and slide like they always did. Trouble is my head won't let me forget.
IF YOU HAVE WENT TO www.flawlessmoneygang.com YOU MISSING OUT ON SOME S**T SO GO HIT THAT B***H UP. AND SAY WHAT YOU THINK
Most impressive thing abt the PPE gathering is the absolute love & passion everyone here has for photography.
You know, I can dig the "new life burgeoning within me" thing, but not sure about the "all my organs being squashed into my ribcage" thing.
I need a #Salty shirt !!
hahaha “: Probably the worst thing you can do to a person is leave them a voicemail.”
loving the She&Him Christmas album!
Yup. I get killed in MUTATION 2 and wrote his film BARRICADE.
Looking forward to walking my dog along the lake later today in Madison.
New garage/punk/rnr night starts in a few hours at ! Drink specials galore, including new Melissa's martini special!
i just want to high five all the Mavs Fans!
Iron Man.
why? What happened? The app isn't working! :(
um yea I miss my baby
#MahoneToNashville! Get it trending!!!
Thanks, you too!
Booty tweeting?
eating unnecessarily right now but its nachos and its free....
awkward when you love another guy while you think your in a relationship with Matt...
that's called bullshit umpiring kids
RT : “Spring is the time of plans and projects.” -Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
LMAO ... RT : winner winner chicken dinner
Flat tire today. Hour and a half at Costco on beautiful Sunday afternoon. Rats!
I'm pooping. It looks like you. Cc
U soft as hell sneak dissin on twitter
These are some gawdly cupcakes.
QoTD: "The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and to watch somebody else doing it wrong, without comment." ...
Lots of interest in storytelling, urban planning, job creation, tech and ed, youth entrepreneurship.
i'm waiting to see if the police try to quash their "legal" protests and then make judgment
Now following
about being ran over by a bus
Thanks to for treating my bro and his now fiancé (!!!) like royalty at Park Hyatt this weekend. Good to have CFFs in high places;)
Shower Time .
i voting for u like crazy but please follow me:)?? PLEASE ILY<3
Lesson of the day...if u want things done right do them yourself
Wow! WTG Lakers! :D hehe... and MUST be happy
Thanks for showing up, Norfolk State.
No apology either? After being 45 minutes late picking me up? Wow, fuck you too asshole.
This is hilarious! #archivesfilms to bad I'm too brain-dead and busy to think of some of my own!
fyi: my lyre/eye #logo design was created by Michael Segal () and Lunalux's Jenni Undis (). my friends are
Sometimes a push is a win
#Tabata w/ a double header today? Don't mind if I do!
im good bruh just back in the 305, u know... Hows everything for u? Sn sorry to hear about your boi back at the crib...
: Healthcare: There has been no more important pursuit in the history of the world.
Just landed - Returned to a beautiful day in the District of Columbia!
We’ve been updating a couple times a day for a little more than a week. Do you guys like the increase in updates? Or is it too much?
its really good :) you?
We've just started #RVA! It's not raining in the 23220 zip code so COME ON OUT! #BlackLove Fest TODAY!
OMG STOP BLOWING UP MY PHONE. I JUST WANNA LIVE MY LIFE.
it would be real fun to get crun wit y'all to real talk I bet.
just told me the background of my painting looks like baby poo. Good start!
No, it's inspiration. Bend that book into being! You're an idea bender.
no it ain't , but whatever . Thas on u then , we was about ta leave
#AmericanIdol Jessica Sanchez–Safe Joshua Ledet–Safe Phillip Phillips–Safe Hollie Cavanagh–Voted Off Idol
I've actually never had either but mine are Blue Mist and Safari Melon Dew. They hit so smooth.
Mathematicians can soon use Chaos Theory to show failure to dissolve the big banks, or let Greece default, led to uncontrollable cataclysms.
Still....catching up with my day
Hey Dude, Are you gunna be at volumes on march 8th? #
I had a bunch of testing this week!! -.- Now we are going to every class tomorrow. Well... Better get started on homework I didn't do. -.-
-- I'd been a type inference hater for too long. It's 2012 and I am a born again typester.
Jazz in the park tonight!!
Looking forward to reading these gold nuggets :)
we didnt have enough ammo to shoot me thru the course so i didint shoot :/
RT In a nation of 315 million people we have 115mm full time workers and 26.7mm part time (1-34 hours) workers. Not thriving!
I usually say "we have a few favorites." ;)
#JustRememberThat when one door closes another one opens
I repeat: if you had to Instagram it, it wasn't worth tweeting.
Fuck I hate this shit >:o
I wish I could listen:/ soccer, rehearsal, then dance....:(
there ain't nothing to do except watch the fight.
Happy Independence Day!!! :D
RT : #DYK? Some working families who purchased homes from had been spending up to 70% of their income on rent!
Never forget the power and importance of the number three.
Looking For a Purpose
I think about you all the time. R u the same with me?
I wanna kick back & relax 2day..... Nigga ain't got time 2 be stressing
“: y'all know you liked my corner kick(; #FIRSTGOAL #defenderskill” THAT MADE MY LIFE
Oh the New Orlean Style BBQ shrimp at Lou & Mickey's is just incredible. Firey but sweet. Four yums up!
Birthday cookies???
“: Ed Camp unconference in Baltimore October 20! #AIMSTech12” Guess the cat is out of the bag now! Follow us
Almost got hit by a car in midtown, and not even jaywalking. Bystanders tell me I have "good reflexes."
Nick used to do those ads on 610: "It's like freakin' Vegas without the hookers!" Not mentioning Escape next door.
Hahaha I die every time.
no the DVD is just for me to give out hen I sing at churches or gospel sings
I love my girl friends!!!
“: I wonder what and gotta say now!!”< will always love my #CELTICS thru wins & losses!
oh, haha thanks! and i loved your project :)
Pretty sure I made some people aware of your birthday, and now they'll probably write on your wall when they wake up. Sorry :(
not yet at least.
chicken breast sounds like the right move. lol
Another great day at the office! about to for our team meeting, then hittin it hard!. DADA Life tonight!!
intelligentsia coffee, with a french press, in the kitchen - killed it!
Woo-hoo! Very excited about this, needless to say.
#SPSS skillset increasing in value. Web and ecommerce too. U should start ur own
RT : Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Beginning West Wing series rewatch, spotted Marc Grapey in first 30 seconds of the pilot.
Anti- #Bullying Speaker #Christian for school assemblies, Private & Public
inn latin class bout bored as hell cnt wait til it's ova
kuz ur both pigs #duh lmfao! " A cop just winked at me.... #creeps smh"
I luh so much, like omg. She's my bby....EVERYONE FOLLOW THAT HOTTY.
has anyone told you how cute you are ?<3
RT -PMG Artist Kamary Phillips gave a brilliant concert yesterday in Marburg Germany in a location overlooking the city! RT
Austin Mahone's voice is like so soft... it's true :) haha
Can't wait to get to the b shop to get this beard and hair cut so I can look young again
LIL LOUIS!!! <3 follow me please??
haha yes. sorry i was on da phone. im sad, we didnt get the pic lol. dumbass night time
he killed me after a week
Don't you feds have medical personnel everywhere? get it looked at
Thank you so much! I always write to myself first, I'm glad you were helped too!
My pleasure you have some good music so it will be fun! :)
*stale face*
Still can't figure out how to get my tweets to show up in my box on my home page on facebook
had the best day today with my bestfriends <3
Sadly, not this year. Sorry.
15th-seeded Lehigh just shipped Duke home, 75-70 Now that's Logistics. What can you do to capitalize on this?
any movement in the Dade job?
i love you(:
HAIZAD IMRAN I thk I can faint anytime soon you guys shld seriously watch the music videos on Suria la. He is wearing red skinny eh FUH
This is so terrible that I might actually watch the Celtics.
oh dear god - a whole new generation if Fart Apps would be born.
Amazing entrepreneur-driven commercial space flight soon to launch. Sign me up.
#LPR2012 Annual Retreat this Friday!
grateful for ur Worship last night! Ur awesome!
I'm looking for an experienced writer who can take an existing tween game IP and provide copy for print, tv, and web
I've realized that I learned my "work voice" from the movie, The Secret to my Success.
no! I put it as my status AND you liked it so YOU should've told me -.-
I get the feeling they thought, "Well, bless her heart! Poor thing can't afford steak, I'll put xtra bacon on her salad & potato!"
MAJOR TWEAK!!
See details about Features to Consider before you Buy an IP Camera Features to Consider before you Buy an IP Camera
Can u imagine Steve Jobs shut out? Not many great ideas have PRESS by their side or finances. Silently, many use personal funds.
Touche! It definately wasn't on the D. Maybe some coaching also on the prevent D. Made Tebow look suspicious for 58mins
I'm dragging today! Is it Friday yet?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOO <3333 I love you :) I hope your birthday is amazing and that you don't lose your pants. 
*waves back*
get better fast sir!
Hair is getting lighter and skin is getting darker, starting to feel like summer(:
As I told 1 of my opponents Feb '12 when he walked by my house, but must have bad memory, I won't except city pension.
At least you have them ": Why can't we get an coffee shop on every corner instead of Starbucks?"
please follow me :D22
So pumped for this Afrojack concert on Wednesday!
For Mother's Day my 83 yo mom just bought herself a new tablet. Go Mom!
