yeah McDonald's and Jordan have hurt that game.
Bahahahahahaha. Totes me.
Jeffrey C. Ferhman, Vice President of Integreon has accepted a position on OLP's Board of Governors. We welcome Jeffrey aboard!
thank you!!
haha, I have them on permanently. I'll have it the next time I see you.
Chris McGarry and The Insomniacs at The hi dive tonight. 8pm
your mom is my hero
There is a rumor i have a std...fucking bitches get your shit straight before you talk your shit.
Congrats on your big win Wes!!!
Iceland is amazingly open and forward thinking on many topics :-) cc/
it's true I'm alive. But didn't you end this relationship?
Man I'm so tired of ppl conplaining about Lil Shit
haha but seriously it like the same episodes every Monday
i know! Congrats!! ;) i bet u sent her like 9999999 DM's right? Lol
M. Nothing like raspberry Italian sodas from The Standard to make a hot afternoon a little more tolerable.
Tonight was smooth not as bad like i thought
on my slow jams
How all u gotta do is move your hands RT : it's funny u are sick then tweeting?
Don't get married. Find a woman you hate and buy her a house. It's a lot easier on you.
That's unfortunate.
Hello? thank you for the follow. I hope we have a long Twitter friendship. Tweet me N E time. Thanks again.
Rimini Street Triples New Client Sales Bookings for Oracle Applications
But so tempting to be on all platforms
soo, i kissed a gay dude. ;)
RT : #socialmediacrisis step 8: Learn your lessons and document every element of the crisis
Hate waking up from amazing dreams about the one! LOL! I wish I could really find him in real life! #whereareyou?
RT : That's right. Sometimes life is like jazz, and goes in an unexpected direction... ·
Well I was thinking that I could have worst mottos..:D
Some of us tried the fried crickets the other day! And tarantulas. :)
Little awkward, not gonna lie
virtual worlds for adults
" : trust me there would be NO sleeping that day!!!! Retweet if you believe this" well, she could talk him 2 sleep
I felt the same way. My email - asking me to do a Poster Session - came today. Thought I had been forgotten.
nothing much bored as well :/
I just buy her a cake :)
I rarely get star struck anymore. But it happened again today :)
That question always pops up when I stay the night. Sissy, will you straighten my hair? Lol. But yes, please do !
I'm on follow limit
Why doesn't a 3rd Party Vendor release a control pad with 'Cross' DPad for the 360 or the PS3 instead of the cheesy disc based controllers
We lost the Advocate magazine AND all of the Blade newspapers in the same month! What is going on!?!??!
4 startups prove that technology can bring couples closer together
Watching the 2011 version of a #GirlWithTheDragonTatoo hoping it's just as good...
When's the tweetup?
I can't wait to hear it because I know it's smooth. Plus I need to use it! Man thanks again.
I was there too, just hiding under the FAA building overhang across the street!! :-)
Our black Lab, Buddy is going to be 9, next month - Such a loving part of our family - Releasing is not always easy...
so wine lovers - does anyone have Tuesday recommendations? Are great wine books out there ? #wine,
OMG that would be awesome lol
1st meal from weekly fresh market bag: eggs w/ kale & cremini mushrooms. JT wouldn't touch it, hubz said it tasted earthy, I devoured mine.
"Boldness by my friend."
Snap city. Tmw voice
I like you.....but do you like me?
MAKE IT A HABIT TO DEDICATE YOURSELF TO WINNING EVERYDAY!!!
RegionalCare Hospital Partners has filed a CON application for a $19.4M comprehensive cancer unit.
Seriously, Yo gives up a hit after 5-1/2 to a guy with a lower BA than me? I better get the day off still.
Lol. Awesome how he won't let me see his phone. Obviously he's hiding something. #SketchyAsFuck! xD <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
Buff Guys Needed for a movie promo tomorrow in Burbank. $100/flat for 4 hours. Email for details.
yeah awesome stuff Paul- & simon cant wait to hear your tracks when they're done too !
Trying to contact my other women shit them hoes do when they feel like their entitled to position
The feeling when I'm with you is the exact reason why I never gave up on you when everyone else said to stop trying.
25 years ago I thought cabbage patch dolls were ugly and they still are! #mycollection these people have over 5000!
killed it last night at Nassau Coliseum!!!! Amazing
Hello! What tools do you use to make infographics? Thanks!
We all would. RT : I would laugh if Nic stiffs him. LOL
You're just so cute sometimes I can't stand it 😉
I'm about to give up , I can't lose you to this shit . Swear , stop following & do what's f.ckn right . Somebody talk some since into him !!
Very excited about 2nite! will have us rocking 2nite
Ppl just kept falling off one, by one. If you are not around me for the right reasons which is just to be my friend and be real then leave.
Random bra size talks with my mom and brothers gf. Creepers O_o RememberTrust
I need some soft hands on me ladies
Extremely heartbroken to leave Cooper in Texas. He just hated my condo. needed a big yard & house to run in. The terrier in him thanked me.
Thank You I am a #martialartists #blackbelt in #TaeKwonDo since I was 12. So I appreciate
2 more days until our Starbucks card drawing!!!
The heat gone beat Yall ass
Because IDX rules don't allow advertising? Only Zuliator is allowed ads.
still a work in progress, being built in omeka. ephemeral archives collection at bcrw library, 101 barnard hall
I use in several shapes & sizes to serve as reminders while helping clients develop habits. #NAPO 2012
welcome to my party
yuck. Feel better!
Shopping in the middle of the day because I can!! No deadlines. No emails. Not in the mood to work. Yeah for me!!
Listening to Guy Almes talk about cloud computing & campus cyberinfrastucture at the CASC spring mtg - will be addressing in ACTI-CCI
She so on a nigga mind shhh dont tell her that though
because im just buying beer and moscato
There is alot! We have Laila too :] And horses as well! Oh, Cats too. ;] It's just a party!
The love game is never called off on account of darkness. ~ Tom Masson
The 3 year old says to me "let's listen to jazz." So, i put on Ella & Duke. She screams "No! Not that that Jazz. Play Count Basie, pls."
New composer rule for self: Stop asking for things.
in response to: spent most of my shower thinking about how good a male acquaintance of mine would be at twitter. also weeping.
Guitar Zack and the Daves 2nite at 8PM-21+ $5 donation to benefit Make-A-Wish celebrating Hard Rock's 40th w/40 Days that Rock
what are the chances they defect and join the protest as has happend in #london? :)
I wanna love somebody, love somebody like you <3 that song was just on, made me think of you :)
Good to hear, since I usually do all of the work while watches and Win is MIA//
The Grammy's were a LOT funnier when we had Bush to make fun of. It's kind of a letdown now that Obama is SO AWESOME!
RT Remember that it is the purpose behind your action that determines its character.
Rise and shine people!!! there's still boat work to do and it's not going to get done by itself!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get asked who your favorite X-Men character is and you don't know any of them
Our service can help all those effected by the tornadoes in the midwest! RT please
#GrnBz: In NYC you see people directly, you interact. You don't just look at them through glass.
Lol niggas hating cause they club ain't poppin, try another " Grand Opening " bro hahaha and no I'm not talking bout belasco
Let me know. We have a wealth of knowledge on this subject. I could dispute your GPA comment but we'll talk another day,Peace
about time you jumped in the twitterverse!
Get my teams in a row? Whaat???
killing 4hrs at airport in route from amsterdam to columbus
I'm hearing metallics are in. We need to get you gold sperrys too!
Hearing thunder means I won't have to mow. Love you, thunder.
When a person can just smile ^.^
Ain't no way the Thunder shoot this well throughout the series. It's gonna get more competitive. OKC gonna win tho.
mines is irobg
Paul Higgins yelled at me once saying "move the line along, no hugs its only a signing"....it was awesome!!!!
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.
idk if people are ready for my next single
you and me both Dave!
keep pushing!!! I love you!!!
I don't hate Alli, but I don't like her. Yeah I'll admit I'm jealous, and ik I'll never be friends with greyson . I'm mad right now . Nitm
Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90. Time is a concept that humans created.
Do me a favor and pull this out #NorthWestern Thought this was over an hr ago.
new Icon :D
Did you see him in The Phantom? I must've seen him in that about 30 times. He was so dreamy... Uh, I mean, AWESOME. And purple.
Today in 1706 Benjamin Franklin was born.
I'm just saying. The right one lol
Austin does! & jb? Your kidding. That will never happen. He has to many followers! You?
Don't Leave me tongue tied.
thanks mate :-)
This wind is effecting my allergies. I'm allergic to fallen trees.
Good morning
How about a GranTurismo Convertible. We need to take advantage of the sun when we can up here.
haha I figured, I was by you when you were in the dairy isle and two people being you at checkout!
#np Fallin' .... This song have me in my feelings...
me too :) if I go there I would NEVER leave school
I'm guessing you and are hanging out(:
i don't know what that is. :p
Am I the only person who didn't know that MCA was involved with Oscilloscope?
Best thing about being a part of is that I get to work w/many great people, that see my strengths and help w/my weaknesses.
Hi Paula-The first episode was so great! Still thinking about that cab ride! Really excited about tonight's episode as well
I think I'm more mad at myself then anything!
Ah cool!! Thanks for airing my #tweet! The power of really is #amazing! :)
Happy ThanksGiving Everyone. I hope your day is full of friends and family and wonderful Food. I have my prayers for those in Iraq
just told me that me and were similar! #prettycool <3
Thank God for creating you because without you my life wouldnt be complete
Only 5 more days!!! Please RSVP @ Guest speaker is State Rep Vicki Barnett. Lunch & free parking will be provided.
He haven't responded to my text :/
And he should have changed it -- don't think the R's won't if or when they get power.
Can't wait for my food to arrive... have never used before. Kinda excited.
Thanks for sharing!! Have a great weekend Tasty!!
Jam session tonight ! I'll be singing a few with my quartet as well as inviting Chicago's instrumentalists & vocalists on stage
The i296 has replaced the i290! It's more durable, more compact and much more visually appealing! Check it out and snag a Free Ringtone too!
watching #AGT from last night and wtf is the bird lady thinking she needs a man
Just delivered some #cakepops to #Congress!
Didn't you used to do PR?? heh
Just Let Me Know Its Real.
How do you not listen to him?
Huevos rancheros and vegan French toast makes for a perfect #SundayFunday brunch!
I fell asleep n missed da second half lol
It's just like an M's fan to expect a charity call at the end of a game like that. The home plate ump called it, he damn sure went.
you're welcome! Also, benefit concert for shooting victim Brian Tierney is Sun April 22, 7 pm at All Saints Catholic, FYI!
And I've already had to explain alphabetical order...smh
ur still not following me? dear mom
The sun is shining n I'm Alive I'm grateful for this thank God
Does anyone know why courtland creek in Oakland is raging right now? There's not a cloud in the sky
We'll see how it plays out.
have an exam tomorrow and feeling terrified..tweet me to cheer me up?! :) hehee i absolutley love you <3
Twitters been boring me lately.. Somebody fix it!
My parents are watching a movie & the coda for it was the 6x24 coda.
Prebil, you bastard!
A new idea I was super jazzed about just fell apart on paper. I will mourn it's loss tonight and return to drawing board tomorrow.
I like how my painted pink toenails look with my hairy hairy legs.
I watched that last night! Dude was talented!
I am dieing of a slow terrible disease called
Its just one of those nights where I want to fall asleep and never wake up.
of course! “: I got on and couldn't believe it! Thanks so much for following me! :D”
Oh well hello #sunshine!
I believe thats Chas Bono.. still funny!
Today I bought #Nutella for the sole purpose of eating it out of the container with a spoon.
xD lmao eww it did , but you know what i mean .
": I'm not helping if you're hanging up a Raiders flag..." LMAO love it! Denver Broncos Baby!
I want one! :D
RT : got a certain lust for life
why thank you! Haha. :)
love me a good ribbon dancing injury
I disliked #WarHorse so much that I'm going2read the book & see the play June 2012. Seriously a BAD movie; hoping4 better frm play
How easy is it to ignore the message and continue as you were
A lot of my body hurts right now. but i had the best day.
can you really plan 4 positivity when life does happen? Its like a "you can run but not hide" effect.
Well, bout to get on Runescape for the first Tim in about a year lol
Having a contest with counting the dress code violations on this beautiful day. 6:5
looking forward to leading today's chat!
It's a beautiful night out & we are here to serve you until 10PM with hot drinks & Everything on SALE 10-50% OFF. Come on OUT, shop,...
Favorite Rappers In My "BackYard"
QUOTE OF THE DAY: I <<Your Name>> Am Successful. ==== REPEAT 21 TIMES IN YOUR MIRROR
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!<3
Dad is in Albuquerque. I really hope he's wearing his "#Harvard: Michigan of the East" t-shirt.
Shoutout to & his mixes. The only thing that's motivating me to get ready for school -__- :)
Anxiety comes from the egos need to protect itself. Negativity is an invisible parasite. It needs a host to feed off, the host is the ego.
I agree totally!... Bring on more lovely period pieces please
Learn what is new with SMO, contact our team today
m, whiskey and cooking-two of my favorites! :)
tell Dustin I said Hi.. You two together that could be trouble.
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow moms out there! Hope you all have an awesome day!!!
i want the tivkets but my mom wont drive me !!!
take my time and show you...
I read that in the voice of Wolf Blitzer
": Good night. Need to be in taft by 10am. Ugh Y SO EARLY???" Eto na ba ang simula? Haha
good shit boy
RT : Reid did not say for certain, but all signs point to Mychal Kendricks opening the OTAs as the starter at SAM linebacker.
Tavares Jackson is *so* Tavares Jackson.
When reality seems like a dream...
227? i love you guys <3
pb? as in peanut butter?! i hope not!
getting my braces off in 3 days !! <3 yayy
they put him on the 15 day DL on march 26th and never updated it
re: They're now putting up a crazy "NSFW" block page on progmofo t-shirts. Truly unfortunate. progmofo puts a smile on my face.
The movers are here! Now we can start settling!
very lucky! Thats awesome
Did you make it? #ineedupdates. Lol.
Yeah you right!
heey can you do me a huge favor?(: its for a good cause!
Right up my alley. Are you in Vilas? I have a small window before research group at 2. Then I'm booked.
Check me out on schedulicity to book for hair appointment. Superbowl events need to look fly for next weekend.
You work hard, now it’s time to play hard. $5 DOUBLE Jack & Cokes and $3 shots with jamming all night.
Why is Walmart so thick right now
Great weekend in #Vegas, but ready to come home! The #NFR and it's athletes were fun to watch
I should get myself ready
here's to the freakin' weekend...
best night ever haha
the mornings after training <<<
I got tweeters block rite now
Interesting fact: Nobody knows where the expression "to grin like a Cheshire cat" originated, but it existed way before Alice in Wonderland.
I hope you saved enough to drink it too!
now i know.
RT : Shawty you can get it all!
I just licked a porcupine. Well, his quill. Well, the quill isn't attached to his body. It was made into an earring... Which I licked.
Serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.Serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.
Frank Robinson now at the podium. "you made me look good" he says of statue. Thanks Jackie Robinson's wife who is here
thank you v-tek
Rats, the site is currently overwhelmed.
haha well that sounds like a great idea - enjoy Bacchus! Let us know when you make your reservation.
feel free to drop off one for me!
Sounds fun! Bonus points for fumes.
We love your twitter stream...DM, email, or just follow us so that we can get in contact with you! Thanks!
Bipolar weather alert for Chicago
Blanton-Webster band. Doesn't get much better.
After yesterday maybe CNN will stop pretending that Huntsman is a viable candidate
": Oh how I wish my uniform included sweatpants"
Its Not Pretty Good Its Amazing<3333
thank god your beautiful, took you a minute to get that one ;) hahah
heading to Board meeting of tonight at UCSD Burn Unit; expecting to learn a lot
***Ding ding ding***** We have a winner. Thanks for noticing ;-)
Really Awesome!!! When? Mary Shannon comes to Brooklyn lol
hey dude, can you let me know when practices are now? School is winding down so I'll be able to make it a lot in the summer
Your an amazing singer all my friends love you so do I. My mom just can't stop watching your videos on YouTube. :)
II haveny been on here in forever. I have such a short attention span got mad dental work today i love pills and my boyfriend and peeps
oh I'll hit you up niqqa
definitely not in a good mood at all, anymore.
While I was in Caracas, I felt like this line from a Genesis song: "and I'm hovering like a fly, waiting for the windshield on a free way"
Well you're sleeping awfully early tonight. x) Goodnight & I luv you too! :)
Power Tower @ Solex College - Wheeling!
I like watching people play viddo games, even if is online/through youtube.
I'm new to twitter, but I have found I really use it as a resource. Not sure how to generate leads from it yet.
Denver Sports is hosting a raffle to send a group of 4 to the 2010 Vancouver Winter Games. To buy tickets go to denversports.org
WOW #Blackhawks great last second goal to tie it up n send to overtime!!
what time did you go at? O:
Sen Franken "#WV is such a Democratic state even the Rockefellers are "
whats the dimensions for a twitter icon
- looking forward to the new book arriving!
at least you know it's coming. Have fun! I am going to figure something out soon!
Note to self: stay away from Woodfield today.
Girl im in love with you, this ain't the honeymoon, past the infatuation phase
Puma time
If you don't remember she exists, she'll die! More » Post from: TheGloss
I am told that Supercast is part of the Superfan. So you should be able to view games online this weekend.
can't wait to see you either!!
haha silly billy
Challenger, 25 Years Later
not for the people that hate listening to you.
umm lol your funny I'm still trying to figure out this twitter stuff its kinda confusing but I'm getting it lol
Before sex, you help each other get naked. After sex, you only dress yourself. Moral of the story: No one helps you once you're fucked.
Big game for the boys in blue tonight- Let's go Rangers!!!!! Get your bounce on :)
Happy Thanksgiving, Don't eat to much.
: Not every superhero has powers, you know. You can be super without them. –Buddy (The Incredibles) best quote ever by a villian
"Being successful is easy. Being respected and appreciated is special. Rather than becoming a person of success, become a person of value."
he just woke up he didn't miss to to much
I heart #cityartsfest ! Had so much fun at the party seeing lovelies , , ,
The Woods drummer looks like he went to Vanderbilt, but they sound great.
No matter what happens, there will always be taquitos in the freezer.
Really? Okay, if YOU say so. RT must jump onto the very important topic of BSG viewing: stick it out!
I'll tell you my top 3 #Badgers from the spring right now though: RB Melvin Gordon, TE Sam Arneson, and DT Beau Allen.
doing work and missing shameless
It's that earthy South American/Venus-inspired type of rustic yet refined beauty. Owned by Venezuelans.
You Can't Sit With Me.
LIghts out in San Fran on monday night football.
Lemon Town fam come thew it's my B-Day week end #flightcity #Flight RT“: Word Where Yu Gonr Be Around... 2 ”
ever have long silky nice hair like us spanish girls lol
we were just talking about making that sign into a t-shirt yesterday
For my #Pittsburgh #cycling friends: Is it possible to ride from ohiopyle to PGH on 23's or do I need a hybrid?
": thrilled to be live tweeted by #thisishowwedoit" happy to do it!
We're gearing up for move-ins on the 18th. Come check out the gorgeous lobby and rooftop!
Nope - I'm being super cool on my couch
Turnout tonight is strong.
Imma give her time to herself
#WHY THE HEL it so hot
Finally in #vegas place is wild
hopefully when it happens I'll have one of those tickets! Oh and you like my user name? #followme ?
The Bellmen play March 17 at FarXFarout during
TY, not sure what's wrong yet. Waiting. RT : RT : At Hospital w a sick baby :(<~~~ Awww, I hope all is well!!
Can't improve it after passing?
yep im on my way to u now lol
I will pass that on to Sam - Steph
hope you're LOVING the #CommercialFree Music cause it's making me kinda HOT! We're STILL inside 101 Minutes Commercial Free! -
Thanks Paul. Waitomo Caves are pretty special. It was great to be working up there. Glad you enjoyed it!
dam dats some fine ass sexy bunz...😍😍😍
Have bike. Will ride. Black Onyx. No Blue Bomb;-)
On stage in front of hundreds of people tonight
SUMMER HIT. WATCH.
Thanks for the RT!
Giants aren't winning today- and the cowboys have a bye do I can't watch them lose- no sense of satisfaction this Sunday.
Trust me, the entire thing is a circular argument: "We're right because we're right."
But I can't stand wearing jeans in the heat. Ffffuuuuuu.
WHO ME? *in sexy girl voice* lol RT um YOU ! duh .
miss you too! I'll be down soon 💜
Keep the faith OccupyWallStreet.
Final NWEAMO concert finds Partch in lively form; people lining up at intermission to have their ear photographed for NWEAMO project
force follows force blindly - it only takes one person to begin the process of stopping the push
my new life goal lol
Tampa ! Jackson's tonight
Courage awakens the Elegant Spirit within. ~ Maria Carter
I couldn't agree more ! Disney is just not the same.
Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave and impossible to forget. -- WizKhalllifa ()
Morning to everyone that sent me a S/O this morning sorry I have been moving none stop!!
awe... Yea my agenda for the night was go to sleep... Then i started watching your videos on my ipod...
would love to see you do a series on the emerging war on women's rights in the US.
They also ruined 1983! Don't forget about 1983.
BEAUTY TIP: Messy braids are all the rage, go for it; just make sure it is messy!
you are truely amazing <3 your such an insperation to young girls! I Will always support you. Love your #no1DallasFan .
TY 4 sharing this important article #Israel is making great strides to be accessible 2 all ppl!
Too soon? Nah.
Anatomy and chemistry, you will be the death of me
A man left his car unlocked, and someone stole a gun from it. In Ruidoso. A thrift-store volunteer found a gun, in a box of donated clothes.
California ranked 47th in education funding. How is this possible when we are the 9th largest economy in world?
Snuggling my bed :)
I visited my hometown today. This is great for story ideas. Those random memories could come in handy in stories.
...every single word on the page. They add in all these needless adjectives with strings of "ands" to make the paper "longer." I do pages.
How do we get learners to apply it? -motivate them, add social component, model it, just do it, recruit champions
HI!! I LOVE comedies!!!
Up next: awards to the faculty from the students, presented by &
How about a Roti Twitter high-five? ; )
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year
Common sense: RT : If you sign a pledge that says you're not willing to compromise, you're not fit to lead.
Adorable. I totally agree that guacamole is a vegetable.
Our pleasure! RT : Many thanks to the morning crew for such a kind and warm experience.
I see. Well I mean it's cool though that they are willing to go for it when they know people will see what they do &not care
Although what I really am is a teacher. Core Audio is hard, we'll see how well I can learn it.
Looking forward to making my stuffed shells for dinner tonight - and I'm sure my hubby is looking forward to eating them :-)
:) Happy it's Friday!
thanks sir. i feel so lucky to be able to see it.
Oops I mean book
I'm watching VH1's 40 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the '90s. All I have to say is I miss music from the '90's and music today sucks!
So basically I had the best/worst Monday ever. HCR liked my instagram post, I got cafe Rio, Jazz won in triple overtime, my dad let me---
I'm hungry -_____-
: PLZ end the big govt effort to stop online poker. Support HR 2366, TX Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act!
Back from the eye doctor. My vision continues to deteriorate. Now on to watching the food channel
#ff because her anonymity allows for some wonderfully exasperated tweets about the publishing industry.
How about Dream Machine by Mark Farina?
Oh, SSRN, where have you been all my life?!?
PARTY FUCKIN MARTY BABY
"This is death. We're dead right now."
My college resolution is to save money on books. I will do that by buying from my friends and finding sales!
thank you!!
I haven't eaten since morning
Thanks for the RT!
Ask me questions makin a YouTube bid today with the questions so ask me anything!!! I will answer
lots of new pics! getting off work and enjoying my new apartment, roommate, and some wine!
Question to everyone following me: What has changed about Twitter since 2008? (people's behaviors/attitudes)
#dead from holiday world
And editing your own page is considered some kind of heinous sin there.
The mind's nature is to slip into the past or future. That ruins one's concentration. For concentration your mind must back your action.
We're at the Baltimore Neighborhoods, Baltimore History Conference talking abt ! Say hello if you see us.
already did, no answerr
Drudge touting Rubio. Love him, but how can we fight Alberto Gonzalez's attack on him? AG will be on every TV show right after pick.#palin2?
Men are the best cooks. Because with two eggs, one sausage and a little bit of milk, he can fill a girl's tummy for nine months.
well not a real BF and not while I was talkin to him. I still love him... after almost five years its become almost unbearable.
I'm going to NYC this weekend :-D Dance partayyyyyy
Really doing it big and growing up. Moving out in a week!!
My temperature gets so much higher after being at a theme park all day. 😥
Like a boss. Lol.
"Hospitality is about creating the conditions where you are as generous as possible. It's not about giving people…-Chas Esche
that's Love!:)
do you have a tablet/ stylus or do you use a mouse or even trackpad to do illustrations??
just as long as the shoulder pads of the 80's don't come back with them !
#ireallywant A Refill....
Jason Lloyd from the Akron Beacon-Journal talking about the Cleveland-area despondency...Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
I don't snore; I simply have excellent nasal embouchure!
So we continue to pump out the jams! Some Nickelback now, some Sick Puppies & Trapt soon! Check us out!
8. #Braves 10 #Brewers 8 | Atlanta battle / Brewers trade punches with Braves / Down in Dirty South.
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want.
EH???? Of course. I can already tell that reading is the easy part! How to decide?
from some of the evidence that came out like the pic of Z's bloody head and stuff show that some scuffle happened. I really
come now… you're just egging on with that one.
. appears to be up to no good re:my birthday. I hope she knows that Jehovah's Mormon Adventist Witnesses don't believe in surprises.
Please keep it up! You're way too pretty to be doing that :( x
Lol i have a lil joint he bouuta be 5 yrrs old omg he's so kcute lmao he tried to kiss me so isaid when yhur 18 (= he was all happy...
gonna steal as much food as possible while the lights r out.
hope so, definitely deserves a chance n more exposure
Weekend is finally over yeah.
Hope you continue to feel great all day and throughout the weekend :)
A lot done, A lot more to do with a week left! 10.21.11
“: TY! RT : I typically don't 'love' hotels... but hotel might rank in the top 3...” agreed!
Greg Giraldo was so funny and so smart and so good. Dangnabbit.
Taking the lunchtime egg roll to yoga.
i didn't get the second call lol but imma call you
lol you only like me for my thighs!
Keep your head held high and be strong. Don't let anyone get you down. Shoot for your dreams
LMAO!RT Dude walks up 2 me in airport,says"I love your work."I say thx.He then says"It was an honor to meet u Mr. Mayweather"
Yo chick she so thirsty.
I totally agree, but I'd take a 5'10 190 lb pylon over both of them. At least a pylon wouldn't be out of position lol
slop thanks?
Help someone; whenever possible.
Nobody said nothing they just let Tami take that lady purse. A real friend r an associate would have said Tami u tripping bitch.
Why don't you follow me?:D
MT : Flanagan on automatic family cut off, we need to allow for special family circumstances.
We are currently running a EXPO special only..Check it out at the pittsburgh mills mall in room
#Aegon USA forecloses on 5 units in the #Scottsdale Ridge #Business Center totaling 13,226 SF. $970k #credit bid on $2.955m
It is Last Day of Classes #LDOC at Chapel Hill - what a great day of the year!
Yayyyy letting us leave early :-)
long shower eh
Clear eyes, Full Minds, Can't Sleep.
We're now local in DC Follow us there 2 if ur from DC and want to connect.
I want a bow and arrows....
well, he has trouble adjusting a spin bike. So I wonder about that membership!
RT : When you decide early on that you will never quit, circumstances will no longer make decisions for you.
New casting will be posted in the morning...
We are growing our client's business by cold calling, prospecting and lead generation. Check out our website at www.yoursalesleads.com.
Making myself wait until after yoga to have today's first beer, so... BRB!
You probably like it for all the dirty Norwegians.
-1 RT : the call me maybe business card revolution has begun
Just spotted one of our parade commercials on ! Awesome!
That's right, I always stand outside in winter when I'm sick! MT : The teachers are not lying about being sick!
They don't change: #YouShouldNeverTrust someone again after they've betrayed your trust. What makes you think they'll change?!"
Melanie Amaro trending world wide.
Obama backwards is latin for "I shall love". Either he is a caring man or the biggest hippy president in history.
Good to hear. :)
I was going to see you tomorrow but my friend bailed out on me:(
RT : please join me tonight at 57th Street Books @ 7 as I attempt to read some
Oh. I'm hungry. Does that count as hurting?
Principals, Remember to wish teachers, staff who are mother's a Happy Mothers' Day. "Cherish the person, challenge the employee!"
Am I the only one that thinks this new #ESPN on field reporter is horrible?!
Last night on The Bachelor, Ben chose Courtney. And in a triumph over adversity, women everywhere allowed Rush Limbaugh to call her a slut.
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
crying because I don't know if I'm seeing today or not
If you ever come across stadia/training grounds/etc. in need of design or architecture please do not hesitate to contact me.
The fact that Glozell is watching Maz's twitcam >>>>>
then change the brown to titans he probably heard me say it
"Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible." -- Francis of Assisi, clergyman
Break a Leg Talent Management "Want to Become an Actor" Seminar - Charlotte, NC May 7 - Register NOW - www.breakalegtalent.com - C U There!
Target is like the Bermuda Triangle right now. No power and no cell reception. Weird.
Is learning the ropes of Twitter.
Pezzy said I should of been in da studio stupid
Now you're on to something. Better video, much better product. My son & I both rock the 511 commuters around town.
Good morning all. Tell me, who is someone that we all need to be following? I'm open to suggestions.
#supermoon is beautiful tonight
#energizerbunny... But we gone get it in tonite though!!!!!👌
DO IT!
Nothing more awkward then being a big nigga in the buffet line
Okay bitch believe whatever the fuck you want. You emotional fuck. Go fucking die motherfucker. Peace faggot
HOMECOMING! :D
Cause I'm halfway gone, and I'm on my way
Broncos vs. Steelers 1st game of year? Sucks for manning.
Young Ron Paul fans in my town seem particularly hell bent on killing my family as they put on makeup, text while driving wildly.
Im sure he misses you too :p
God's timing is perfect. I am waiting on Him, trusting that he knows what's best far better than I do.
I've never underdstood why goose laughs so hard at the joke about the plaque for the alternates being in the ladies room
How many local businesses does OpenChime have relationships; when a cust. sends req. does OC only contact them, or others too?
Thanks to everyone who came to our Open House and Festival of Ales yesterday. Best turnout yet!
Super Tony's where have you been all my life?
we will try it! thank you!
your so gorgeous :-)
RT : IE ranks #1 for semiconductor #IP and patent portfolio
You are so very welcome Katherine Chapin !
Thanks for the follow! Therese'
Said fuck dapping RT : lol @ OJ Mayo at the end of the game. Dude mad.
Pregaming for predators game!!
Margarita tweet up !
Trade Press Services has a 100 percent success rate getting its client in print (or in pixels).
everything sounds amazing!!
happy to say i will not be gettin stoned on 4/20.
I will follow back
Story 1. Was just being drunk and making people laugh. Story 2. Girl running her gums. Ended her running her gums w/ Pasta
I got everything I needed to do done already. & now I have even more things to do :s
Well said. You just have a new normal. It can be a HUGE challenge, tho.
Bought some clothes for my new orleans trip today. Only about a month away !!
I actually kind of agree. He didn't look terrible last year. He scooped a few difficult throws. But does power make up for his K's?
getting the hang of twitter lol, chuck, his wife and mara show me how to play now i understand it a little better lls
thats coo bro, look forward to seein more, hit me when you ready for an official music video
Eats 4lbs Bacon/wk. Conan: "rn't u worried abt ur health!?" Bacon man: "Psh. No, there r more imprtnt things to worry abt than ur health."
We will let them know! Thanks again and congrats :)
Jackie Martinez has brother, Sam Martinez, with Autism. Jackie will be joining Sam in his upcoming video, Santa's Littlest Elf Has Autism.
Bouta cleaN UP nd go to work I Gotta Alot of shit on my mind
I'm over here dying laughing at my bruh singing Pleasure P part of Bet it up
Ugh, I heard that! MT One of my least favorite things to catalog: Hair.
Didnt know the Union Pres can be traded so long
Thanks for the RT.
he's trying to say you have a meat locker in your fuckin pants.
History's Villains - 1/30/1933 Adolf Hitler becomes Chancellor of Germany. Within six years, the world is plunged into the horrors of WWII.
yeah my mother's birthday is October 13th and she said the same thing, so you have some competition.
Busy year ahead for Team Maestro!
thought you mentioned a florence and the machine concert
Walls are supposed to be washed on a regular basis
May the force be with you.
whatever helps you justify YOUR slacking, carry on ;)
I was too busy dancing around to get ready for work this morning. iPhone shuffle's doing good work! I love rainy days :)
" And I, I really like it when the moon looks like a toenail. And I love it when you say my namee :)"
I THINK YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL! LOVED YOU BEFORE TOO
Yay! 2nd season planned 4 Old Dogs & I am back as the biatch!
thank you friends #FF!
Oh, by the way, The #Avengers was great.
Heading to the first shoot of what could be a most powerful story.
dont sweep sandberg under the rug!
Aha, this kid.
who pissed you off
More banjo, all the time
Kaibigan hosting it's annual Pilipino Culture Night this Saturday at 5PM starting at $10. Price increase at the door so get yours today!
Basketball tourney
where ya goin
“Stand Up for Religious Freedom—Stop the HHS Mandate!”
Why learn in class when any peice of information one could ever want is as simple as using your
Guess who that guy is? C'mon you have to know. Sweetest guy on the planet ... remember!
I will kill both of you..
Google Scholar, so frustrating
lol! Onward and upward bruh...to the higher calling!
Stanton's Staff had a fantastic time at last nights Christmas party. Unfortunately, no pictures. Great to see the spouses!
: Amazing song!!
Trying to make a way out of no way is sometimes the only way.
WE appreciate your follow. A free MicroSite on AgooBiz gets u #exposure access to our members & is an #advertisement on steroids.
“Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more" -anthony robbins
On PBS right now: Wisconsin Supperclubs: Old Fashioned Experience. Marvelous.
Really and are the bottom two!!! What is wrong with you America!!!! needs sent home!
And some of yall wonder why yall keep attracting the same type of nigga
Make a book out of wikipedia under the print/export feature--pretty cool
Besides libraries, what other institutions provide free access to Internet and computers? wants to know.
i realize I have done a poopy job of seeing you. You me and must have a girls night soon!
Thanks everyone for being patient while we got the keg settled and tapped. Cant believe it blew in an hour. You're all animals
when is the allstar event coming to Denver.
- I just tried again... does it work for you now?
the sneakers?
Current ACM-ers! Check your email for information on a need-based scholarship!
now my staff will really want to move in.
Working on next week's blog post - Writers why you are business!
#DirecTV is giving a free #HBO weekend. Just watched #DueDate, FUNNY AS HELL! Now i'm going to watch #Inception, you see it?
Hello Chicago. I've come to talk about two things: authentication and hot dogs.
"We taste and feel and see the truth. We do not reason ourselves into it." – William Butler Yeats
Napoli fresh juice from Bacco, yum!
We've been open three weeks now! Stop by and check us out.
i was thinking for myself but i guess we can share!
WARREN PEPER: Southern Rockette returns to new career at Ashley Ridge High - Charleston Post Courier
ok.. I am watching an Idol performance night for the first time since got voted off. Why? because he's there. I need my fix!
Wrath of Khan? RT : Happy birthday to , the Earthling who banged every female member of my extended family.
Feather your nest in with these exclusive #pillows and
I'm so shocked!!! My food benefits went down another $20.00 and food prices are rising. I didn't get any notice either
Gov. Brown toured Boeing's 787 Dreamliner today, I want to get in so bad, it looks good
you are just the greatest, mary anna.
Somethings a brewin' within and it ain't beer. :-)
I'm so glad he cooks if not I would be stuck eating ramen noodles.
oh yess i am! I cant wait lol
One more song before I've got to go,I'm singing from the very bottom of my soul,and meaning every single word and every note.
thank u <3 and aww i would love to meet u too! where do u live? XD
Nike air!!!
I wish that I could just create a clone of me to have awesome conversations with
Shout out to #AFTRA Dancers tearing up the Grammy Stage!
No Way Out
good point. But this was the piston cup! It was all his!
#stopstealingdreams - hope I can get to reading it all this week!
looks awesome!
once again, works for me. Lol
YES WE ARE! Lol And no need for an apology, it's okay, movie nights alone are the best. Lol
Sounds fun, never made it to Dubai but I have been to Bahrain and Kuwait. Write you when I can! :) hope your holidays were great!
#GutsiestMovesYouCanMake Checking out a women when with your girlfriend.
Chicago. Because we have a better chance against a banged up Rose. Heat have too many options.
I'm a bitch, I'm a lover, I'm a child, I'm a mother, I'm a sinner, I'm a saint, I do not feel ashamed...
she made another one?! I'm afraid to ask what it's called O.o
It's 6pm in #NOLA & many of you are just getting home from work, ready for dinner. What time did you used to eat dinner when you were a kid?
"hey pharrell, ain't tryna kill ya mood, but I can do the star trek sign. see? killer dude"
trying to contact you about modeling gig. Men's fashion. please contact me for setting up a face to face
Great joy in life #13: Blasting AC/DC from an American muscle car while cruising down a Southern highway at 105 mph.
Just receivecd a invite in my #G-mail from the one and only .. effin sweet!!!
come upstairs for official #copyblogger pictures!
I can think of a handful locally who are major culprits of this brand of intellectual dishonesty.
you know it Chaya Sushi Happy hour and a couple of new tunes at Venice for sure!.let's schedule that upon your return! Its on!
Making a power point for my senior presentation
Seriously. Why does the world keep giving Tim Dillard chances?
Dear Candice Olson - Can I pretty please come work with you and soak up some of your fabulous talent??? ;-)
Hurry boy it's waiting there for you! I blessed the rains down in Africa, you know, the country.
i might not make it there lol
I have the best trainer there is... he makes me laugh and cry, all in one hour. ;)
How about a Hangout to discuss, ?
Let us spread a little sunshine your way, breakfast all day!
I got picked in dec the defense rejected me b/c Im white her client was a young blk male. discrimination based on assumed racism
Thanks for following!!!
We all conspiring ~
Omg Washington is just 1 point down. They did NOT come this far to lose. The need to win and i really hope thay do.
Sipping syurp tapped straight from the oak tree
follow me!!!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT. AH. OMFG.
in most cases you need an appointment - we book up fast! We can help you make one via twitter if you like:)
I hear that you are going to be teaching a class in Anchorage.
#oomf better recognize what time it is. Its #Laketime around these parts
Not gonna lie I prefet chipotle over iguana joes
McNabb is gonna be a Viking now
If Arizona spent as much money on hiring teachers as it does trying to defend its crazy right-wing laws, we'd be sittin' pretty!
please follow me.....
Scholarly writing is an exercise in persistence with minutiae - e.g. changing all your citations from APA to Chicago style format!
it's a come back / underdog song. But it would never work now.
Lopez: "We will never, ever know what her potential would have been."
that sucks! I like Elise
Hey! Sorry to hear about the issue. Could you DM us with some more information? We can try to get this fixed for you.
please follow me ily!:)
Day of hot kitchen = no move from couch. Also, Steak.
hi mariah don't think abot the hatez l think gomez has had more just don't let them bring u down
#FF new followers- thanks for joining #TeamBalderas!
ohssshitt that's sick!
Gave the pilot version of the BELT-3 all day...3 year olds are so cute!
We're open 12-6pm Monday-Friday
shoot that how Tyler Perry keeps gettin' her too lol
Suppose to be in the 70's for Opening Day!
i guess im the cool band member who actually cares to tweet on here sometimes.
I'm not a partier. But the thought of being invited would still be nice
Yeah. Even modest pedestrian improvements would be a big deal. It's not that far to Sunset.
The way you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed ;)
it's okay haha I could know?
Ciao, love!
why not?
I love a dog. He does nothing for political reasons. —Will Rogers
God I hate skinny girls they make me look #fat !
Why the abuse? 'Cause all a bully need is a f^cking excuse.
What will you do today to encourage a young writer?
A short life span on food means a lon life span for you. Eat clean
Passover and Saturday on the same day. Major Relaxing going on. Except for twins crying.
- Ha! Its the Wooden Chicken Pub in Portland. Old school.
Brand Name Punk hath awoken from winter slummmberrrr... FED ME
ugh , i thought i was but i'm not </3 i hate having this feeling .
RT : #wearing blk/pink/tangerine (not too) minidress, blush patent pumps, vintage jewels (MIL, mom-mom, H)
Yes indeed.
Ha ha are you mad?? RT : My sister "chills" wit her Hand in her pants holdin her vagina
Today's an audiobook day bc my eyes are tired.
Looking forward to listening to GM right now.
Chocolate covered man... -_-
I would LOVE if you did a cover of Lana Del Ray's "LUCKY ONES" ;)
deal only if you take your emotional tweets off too bird man
Just a Friend by is aMaZiNg!!! :D love that song <3
God has truly blessed me with the greatest friends I love you twins thanx for a wonderful evening, the real bday gift is u2
99 out of 100 people over here in the U.S don't even know about the UK riots. Fkn
Congrats! RT : We won! Thank you to for creating an award winning app! Milwaukee loves your excellent work!
ZUH!? RT Carlos Lee just tagged up at first and advanced to 2nd on a fly ball
don't tell me how much you're going to miss us on the field.. you're just making it harder for us to not be upset.
Vegas: Sahara renovation plan gets $300 million in financing
you trippin. it ain't never too much lol
Is this show any relation to 50's The Defenders or later The New Defenders?
me too! I need to marry Alex & you nat okay? (:
Programming alert: Timbers In 30 debuts Sunday at 6pm on ch12. John Spencer joins us on set, plus guitar shopping with Jake Gleeson.
ikr i found some relatively cheap for LA
-__- bad day today...
I love hearing old songs I used to love. They're like memories you can always go back to.
That looks like a winner, I'm there :)
~I work for the arena in Portland, and the #1 ? asked is why don't we get concerts, i answer no one to buy tickets.
There's nothing like a Classy girl/lady.
and with that, the window officially closes.
RT : I know is happy with that Luke Kuechly ---
Gods love never fails, it never gives up, and it never runs out on us! No matter what sin we have commited! Meet Jesus today ! He loves you!
Yes!I got 4 DVDs,3 years of Seventeen Magazine,money for iTunes,shopping,a perfume,then I had a really nice dinner with my family:)
Hey Tina, who are some of your favorite country music artists?
Ok. Fuck you too. And I'm not part of this family. Never have been. I can just leave make your life easier. Bye.
I'm not even going to lie. Every time I see your tweets I roll my eyes.
i agree. Both Congress and YSR Congress are Looters of public money. It is time to bring Chandrababu Naidu as CM again.
why did you go home during 4th period
Another great day saving smiles.
It's a weird morning when you have to warm your voice higher to meet Lana Del Rey!
I am a twitter noob, and it shows... Painfully..
They, Who Sound- H-town's wkly series for exp. sound, improvised music, free jzz, undergrnd noise, electro-acoustic perf, & "musique brut"
Without you!!:)
the burgers are amazing!!!! You are so lucky!!!
Battery already at 30% and I need to wash my hands again!!!
"Its so good once it hits your lips!" - Frank The Tank Ferrell, Old School
#genomesolver #curenet paul allen: showing us how to cite using web database like ebird
You are all beautiful people(:
and i thought yesterday was hot.
Some things can't be unseen..
ha ha! I was probably sitting next to you and Caroline at that G'n'R show.
should be in this weekend unless you ordered galena or northern brewer.
Outline a plan for social media just as you would a traditional PR program
Thinking about how the access-vs.(?)-reuse agenda for building digital collections/tools w/in libraries impacts scholarship.
what time ?
thanks for letting us know! we're trying to resolve that issue now.
If it wasnt for the dumb food allergies & lack of hugs from Chris Evans Id say life is pretty awesome. One day Ill get that hug. :-)
Do any Man Utd Fans actually like the new jerseys ? It's a definite Fuck of Nike for me Who okay's this shit ?
Monday | August 1 - Summer Slaughter Tour 2011: The Black Dahlia Murder * White Chapel * As Blood Runs Black * Oceano @ Sunshine Theater
same 2 U!
Thanks to our new Followers & Have a great day! :)
#thingsthatpissmeoff when people hurt animals..get the fuck outta here with that shit, seriously.
#ImStillAwakeBecause Trying to clear my heart and mind, of all this loss and ill defined... truth, without screaming. How to let go... haha
I use to sell her dreams and now I only give her the dick
I love sweet tea.
Plan your last trip to the Museum for the season! We'll be closing all five of our exhibitions on Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
The messenger industry in the United States added 1,800 jobs and the transportation and warehousing sector added 2800 in the month of March!
Elliott doing the usually get up and meet someone icebreaker.
Hey, , while you're at it... Why stop at Emilio?
i love the irony of that "should." , good meeting you.
Stuck at the dream center...what to do???
oh shit. Hahaha. He said gravy running in my big veins
I love your feminine snark!! All of it!
now days these females ain't doing 3sums to impress they man they doing it for themselves
Seriously though, there's something with New York fans that makes them think they're better than everyone else.
Awesome job! Keep up the good work--Only place where its cool to be a loser! Down 15 with 15 to go
Things are not looking good so far.
There are iced muffins in one of the lounges at my hospital. Its taking all my self restraint to not sexually assault them
It's really awkward to suck on a lollipop with a tongue ring.... 0_o
is Bill Pay down? Clicking Pay Bills just redirects to my account page. Last night received error mess. Been down for 12+ hrs
Heading to Florida
nice! Maybe you need people to test them out first? Lol ;)
but u know im taling to u
May 11,1942 Daily Express: Hitler Given Last Warning. "If Germany uses gas against Russians we will use it against Germany. - Churchill."
I'm gonna fail my math test and I'm blaming (:
Great day at practice, I hope all thisweek pretty weather holds up, the running is great and through sparring I lost like 5 lbs today
good!! hahah!! same as everyday working hard for austin to see this video :))! wbu?
Editing all afternoon! Lots and lots to do!
i tweeted a while ago and it didn't appeared ! Damn u twitter ! : P
sailor Jerry prevented the devil from being part of the party
Still no text smh sis...s..m....h
I do have a delicate side. - Michelle Rodriguez (Actress)
Laker fan for Life win or Loose
this is the first tweet of the rest of your lives
; what's up with all of these model agencies calling me..?!
One thing to mention on the 999 plan is that without it we are loosing out on sales tax from internet sales.
Back in the studio. Taking the 1st step to learn our new recording software, Logic Pro 8. Hardest part is getting started. Baby steps.
Yes, and thought I was OK. Then this AM realized I hadn't paid and sure enough they called in the afternoon.
Work today and tonight!
hm, let's do it.
sounds exciting! Will you trade potstickers for waffles??? ;-)
AMAZING SHOW!!!!!
Overtime intermission, i think they are heading back
#ThankYouLord because I know that you have great plans for me, plans that i cannot even see yet, and i give you #thanks ahead of time!
Hahahaa!! Thank you! Oyyy, and my many nicknames.
apparently there is debate re: whether/when "adults" should join class conv online, or just moderate them. such a different model!
I finally see Blake get a chase down dunk
FOLLOW ME IF YOU LOVE
Rec'd the email about PodcampAZ becoming #TechPhx. Now the LAST #PodcampAZ shirts make sense. I still need to buy one of those
oh fahteetee I didn't know u felt that way... FREAK
- Thank you! If you are interested, I can give you a good discounted price. :)
i'll punch em ALL in the face!
old colored woman just came into the office asking questions...i dont feel comfortable now
for good?
Hey Mom... What? Your fang is hanging out again. Hahaha
Phone just auto corrected my "ha!" into "hats!". Sent it anyway and will just claim it's brand new slang.
me! I'll cross the line for it...hahaha
Tasting through some new roasts today. A Brazil auction lot and a bright espresso blend...
better follow me to billybob! ! and no we not following u! Lol
“: If you lost it then it wasn't true love! Love doesn't leave, it stands, fights, and grows stronger!”
the Internet appreciates your opinion.
ready to play #NCBB tomorrow.
That is amazing!
crowd support must've worked as Timmy gets Ramirez on soft, sinking liner to LF; still 3-0 MIL, but SF has hint of momentum after the escape
I got a sex drive push to start
Will do!
Tickets purchased for Bruce at Nats Park would be so proud
Random observation -- Dennis Wideman looked awful in that first period against New York. Then again, he's been awful all postseason.
Hope you are having an awesome time!! Stick with the wine over there. Mojitos when u get back
That awkward moment when a Mike Tyson looking dude stops and asks you for some money and you have no change.
yes with surgery
I won't be able to attend the FA meeting today. If you tweet about the program, please use the hashtag
He just doesn't know yet;D
A man's true intentions are justified. =) haha RT : A BOY'S true intentions are always hidden
Sometimes the people we've known for a short amount of time have the biggest impact on our lives, even more than those we've known forever
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Rude people
Happy Pi Day!! Celebrate by eating pie or calculating numbers.....3.1415926535 8979323846...whatever you prefer. :)
I never finish anythi
The gauntlet has been thrown down! At MLS broadcast meetings, where ESPN rep called Seattle atmosphere unmatched. Haven't seen Timbers yet!
Kc's Alley in Ambler makes a very mediocre Cajun chicken sandwich.
oh, fun!
Even the sun sets in paradise. 🌅
Awe, they at the mall keeping mee company (:
thnx for following Follow for unprofessional tweets
which room?
Pretty much what I say too -- public library has all of them! And I do think parents should know about MG reading.
Zing! #NotReally RT : we are uk? I didn't know united kingdom was recruiting troy lol
LOL at people who treat facebook like twitter .
Couple working to start nonprofit that would offer equine therapy
Join the galaxy or get lost in space we are Da Future!!
So you can get into mid-grade restaurants...duh
I like goodwill
Wow. Giants escape Houston house of horrors with a very unlikely win and get to come back home somehow only 1 1/2 games out! Again, wow!
why did u have it for so long?? :O
they already r btw can u checkout and follow u will luv him :)
work is good! Finally got promoted!
To be fair, they also publish huge amounts of material on their site. The more formats , the better
Today must be the day all my friends call by mistake. Sulk. Maybe I'll change my name to Zanthoula.
What are you reading for #fridayreads on this lovely February day?
At bank one teller wearing flip flops the other is without shoes...casual friday indeed.
Tip: If you survey me and ask if I want to be contacted about my (bad) experience and I say yes, then **contact me**
Change is good, in many cases.
I used to go to elementary school Dangerous Dame (Damon Edwards). Anyone know if he's still making music back in #OaklandUSA?
Bailey please follow me !! Your amazing ❤❤
Next destination: npark, then american airlines center
Are you helping your kids pull off any light hearted April Fools Day pranks this year?
boys suck
And we have hail in Sussex.
oh my. shopping on is dangerous! so good today!
I would love to see you blog post on how you got hummingbird running on heroku.
You mean I can't update my sexy amazing picture
Elements short for Elements Floor & Design is having a huge Showroom Spring Sale!! Stop by and check it out.. 13000 N Hwy 183 Ste#100 Austin
thanks so much man! really appreciate it! RT I love acoustic music, you make good music! fate brother!
It's all cloudy outside. Very relaxing.
where's my sandwich
Thanks. Glad to hear things are going well for you with ! Have an awesome weekend!
Just loaded up my iPod with some serious 80s tunes...I cannot wait to workout tomorrow...maybe I'll just go for a second run today!
We are featured on Groupon Daily Deals for Las Vegas! Hair Cut, Style, Brown Sugar scalp scrub & Keratin Glazing only $35!
Regardless, I hope you'll spread the word. First time we've had a #digitalhumanities happy hour in Austin, I think.
@ me ? Thought soo..
Follow me ya girl mika
Hey Aaron thanks for follow, it is spring in Boise yet? Still winter here in Seattle.
thank you!! :) xox
are persevering through an electrical problem. They haven't stopped and the crowd continues to cheer them on.
It just means that the conversation didn't have any legs. It's sad when you want to talk. Oh wells.
Can't get any sleep. I'm tired as hell and my head hurts.
Omg he just touched that guy :O
thanks for giving up your chat opportunities to help our TAH teachers, you did a great job! OVEC appreciates your work!
Knock it off.
That's a neck! Girl stop hahaha
I felt the same way but once you graduate, you're gonna miss high school. I didnt think i would, but i was wrong.
also it's 60 and sunny. i love california.
what's going on with ur internet?
Smells like grilling, #StPaul!
If you have a Comcast Xfinity SMCD3GNV Gateway, try switching wifi settings from auto to channel 11. 30mbps constant now.
We're gearing up for the ! We're giving away something every day at our booth... from concert tickets to gift cards!
btw saw your video mike sent me.
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Harold R. McAlindon
Yeay! Thank you, You ROCK!
Nothing like your email program crashing just as you're preparing to send an important message
#FirstTime... pretty sure my mom bribed me as a child as a reward for getting shots!
aww ill miss you.
Come meet the BACHELORS that are participating in the 2012 FIREMAN Auction that benefits the BURN FOUNDATION at REVOLVER TONIGHT!
Lol, which is y I have never been. Not makin big bucks coachin hs b-ball here n Graceville, Fl There are no hs coaches doin it4the$
Off to catch a movie :)
Mad props for the Foreigner reference!
working here today... dressed all green now underneth...panties, slip and hose.... later party time indeed Dr
sad to say it but they guy i bumped everyday for the longest time eminem i just dont find appealing or good to listen to
Movie recommendation is Brendan Fraiser in "Encino Man"
Hybridity vs. Teaching with Technology — How are people differentiating them?
...people do coke "ironically"?
Ugly sweater party....half are wearing ugly sweater....semi fail.
oh no
Cant go to the #Brewers game saturday... Four tickets in section 209. Let me know if you're interested.
Qld bovine embryos to US - Stock and Land
I loved the finale! What was your favorite part about filming it?
Not a good night. Note to self: buy new spare tire.
yeah when are you going there?
Sometimes watching you makes me feel good
Denver friends, I'm vending tomorrow at Shimmy 2B Free!!
We need to have a west side reunion
Interesting. The Dispatch endorsed Romney for the March 6 primary.
Ah! Client has officially been notifies of #MBA thesis preso time. It's all so real (and SOON)!
So if you want to get them chords right and play like the big boyz.....,.
why is Idaho st v Miami blocked on ESPN
Duke players hope to build chemistry
#SALONSATURDAY is amazing! Come in to get a manicure or pedicure...all the rest of the salon (hair & spa) are booked.
Joe! Good luck with whatever you got going on today!!!
'A'ohe lokomaika'i i nele i ke pāna'i. No kind deed has ever lacked its reward. - Hawaiian Words of WIsdom.
Of course! I have more than one story for you... hahaha
It's pouring but still very very sunny. Welcome to Florida.
Monday morning. -.-
I will never miss your pick ever again. I missed out on NEOM, but I cant wait for your next one. greetings from Toronto
it was tons of fun!
I'm with and want to chat about Insta API. I'll be in Austin briefly for business on 4/10-12. Coffee? If so, DM me
I love my wife , she's the best!
saw him critique pitches today at a conference and am giggling just thinking of the initial convo! :-O
Happy Mother's Day! Enjoy!
Moaning will not only make you concentrate on what's going on, it'll make him feel excited and want to do more
On my way to pick up the girls... LET FESTIVAL HA'RIKUD 2012 BEGIN!!! :D
thinks that if your relationship status says, ""It's complicated"" that you should stop kidding yourself and change it to ""Single""
what about 7:15 tomorrow night? That gives me time to cook after work, but still hang out! How's the drive to San Marcos going?
Looking for a bartender/caterer licensed in NYC to serve drinks at an internet week party on May 17th. Any leads?
Do you have any specific tips on building your resume or CV?
guys we can't swing anymore :( hahaha
When did they announce it? We need on board for the tailgate. Not sure if we can stream uverse.
we gotta hang out soon
yea either in there or in the med school
to "reddit" you have to act like u know everything, then pretend you wouldnt have sex with anyone who isnt a perfect 10
"I'm just going to write because I cannot help it." Charlotte Bronte, born on this day in 1816.
I've been looking for a list of museums on Second Life. Thanks for posting!
Laying down, listening to music, thinking ---> best times.
I just worked 20 hours straight. Time for some sleepin'.
“: Would it be wrong to watch Across the Universe again? 4th time in 3 days?!” love that movie, and you.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 10
How are things? My wife renamed my phone entry, and now when her phone rings, it says, "Call from: Rebel Base"
for favoriting me when ever it was that you done this I'm touched.*SMILES AND HUGS * thanks again
proud to be your friend! My life is a million times better because your in it! Rawh!!!!
Finally Got My ID From ! Den He Lost My Shitt, Had Ta Findd It. He A Bad Ass Buddy. Swea'
What's different between yesterday and today?
I gotta go to work
I know! Seriously I miss your pretty face! 💙
"Basically your a queer!"
So #stpatricksday is likea cross between mardi gras, halloween and new years eve only everyone just wears green.
Muthafukn police bout to wish they never met my ass
when the game comes out i hope to have a new computer in place to play. 8 gigs. ram and a new video card and a SSD hard drive.
That would be awesome
Sitting with all the cool kids at the #wckc Publisher track. I'm the uncool one w/o a Mac or a clever tshirt.
Wow Rangers, and I thought the Brewers were good a pissing away games.
You lie. And what's worse, you lie right to my Twitter face. Which has a kitty! For shame, Gizmo.
#LinkedIn app for iPad - finally - is very nice. Almost worth the wait.
All 150 passengers on #USAir 1549 appear to be alright! Thank goodness for that!
No joke, sister! I've got a house full of 'em for a little girl slumber party tonight. Thank God for Barbie DVDs. :)
I really wanna be a model.
“The Fighters of Justice Saves their Mother and "Learns to Never Give Up" will be released on December 27, 2010. www.fightersofjustice.com
oh wow lol
with mines
RT would eagles take a chance on Jenkins or go safer with Boykins or Heyward?>> Can see them taking more chances outside 1st round
Haha, what does that even mean?! Either way, I'm jealous :)
Proper breathing is the fundamental source of healing.
Taking a coffee at Starbucks.
The Son of Odin would TOTALLY OWN Green Lantern.
it's hello!
I admit, I examine backgrounds in twitcons....
#salesforce and #radian6 will hunt you down.
filled in for absent Lee Smith for the google docs session at 10 am in C216 had about 40 peeps!
bye im sobering up dnt worry bout me kk
What amazes me is that there's still a widespread market for this when there are so many good online repositories.
Congrats Robin.
Hearing Jesus loves you is nice to hear...unless ur locked up in a mexican prison.
that's actually pretty conservative of her...
Don't miss out the live performance of Selena Gomez tomorrow in West Hollywood, CA. Call us now for some remaining show tickets:888-493-0004
Hey! I'm doing great! I'm in Florida now working. How have you been?
Sorry all only had time for some quick retweets today. To much to do to little time. But some of the deals seamed pretty good. Enjoy.
AH CONGRATS!!!
On Wed makes his debut. Don’t miss the best industry night in town
chudney, Reggie, Felipe, Hamilton, grant, Ron...that was some team His freshman year!
My weekend is fucking fantastic!!!!! I did my summer clothes shopping yesterday!!! :)
Your Welcome!!!
have you heard?
ya Im on a softball team with some of my friends and we have a doubleheader tonite. My friend nick is trying to get a job there!
Shut up! Impressed! Just lost to (but in a good way) I'll be hitting you up for sure!
oh my gosh it does D: I feel horrible
Hey everybody follow !! He's a cutie;)
i would be too it's cold!
I get this message: Sorry, the page you were looking for in the blog Experience: The Blog does not exist.
The Clippers have a deep bench!
well, not any more
My sister bought it for me! D: LOL RT : DA FUCK ARE JEW DOIN @ SONIC WITHOUT ME!?
I wish i was more i disapoint everyone including myself i wish i could just be enough i want to be better this depression kills me inside
if they sold #chicago in a bottle I'd be drunk all the time.
Stomach Virus SUCKS !!
gotta wear those dress slacks with the elastic lolololol. No belt lolololo
"We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; They do not exist." - A.J.Balfour
LA Angels desperately need to go trout fishing their offense sucks right now
not good..does anyone know who it was?
Sorry I'm eating a sandwich in the library.... No I'm not.
percy just HAS A FUNNY FACE
This is about to be a long two days -____-
Goodnight everyone<3 been a good day! and with 10 Mins left, HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! for like the 5000th time<3
How is it that every year the old people beat us in kickball?
there are lemon bars too.
Excited to be interviewing () tomorrow! Send us any last minute Qs u hav: thebizden #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
DC inspection station record time. In and out in 5 minutes.
watchin the lakers and the clippers with hot coffee
girl dosent look CLOSE to columbian
I'm watching that too!!:)
I really enjoy having a bad day until coming to work, hearing "Boogie Shoes" and immediately change moods. THANKS JAMES!
OMG! I'm so sorry best friend! I had food poisoning a few weeks ago. First time too! It was horrible! How have you been? ILY!
maybe u shud share one of those
ooowww u so nasty.... Bt i like it:-) Kmsl... Where r u?
Raging Bitch may be my new flavor of the week.
The fun starts in just ONE hour! Come on down and get signed up for your FREE trial classes at 4:00, 5:00, 6:00, or 7:00!
breathe deeply and stay present to the feelings in your heart!
Big congrats Jaime )
Staying unsure of my overall purpose (a rare state) but looking forward to 2011 $ tally only b/c specifics, whatever they are, give comfort.
three crackers? :'P where can you get them?
Meeting with the architect = brilliant! Can't wait to see those sketches turned into our Institute. Grow Together - here we come!
im trying lol
I know some, not all. looking forward to meeting new #lbs tweeps though
Singer songwriters series showcase is tonight from 8p-12a. Cantab Lounge Cambridge, MA. 21+ show, $6 cover. www.plectrumentertainment.com
Accent modification services are in demand! Meeting with a potential client this afternoon.
Illinois, the best place I'll ever be...going in a few weeks
Are you going too?? :D
Congrats to our friends with the Timberwolves. The stadium bill includes funding for a much-needed Target Center remodeling.
You ah.
Now following Free listings still open at http:/shopdinestay.net
I wish I was in my #Teddybear's arms right now...<3
you're just the BEST BITCH ever to keep me going....and that is saying a fucking lot!!! ♥ ❤ ❥ ❣ ❦ ❧.
The keys on the pianos just keeps on going and going
Ebook promotion idea: if you loan readers, put something on the device (like a sticker) to promote the service.
#Cincinnati condolences to the Birckhead family on the death of Oliver. Long time leader of Central Trust Bank - conventional to the core.
Chill-dren of the Corn
It's a great course, I took it last year.
I'm sorry love and THANK YOU SO MUCH!(: and you stunning as well(:
cast interviews will be coming to you soon! Final shoot in June and then this film is a wrap
Live by the Golden Rule. Whoever has the most gold, rules.
yay! Congrats! Any names yet??
homie from the crib
Some times you have stalkers you want to avoid ... Sometimes want to give love but don't want Folks to be like there he is & Holla
John Esposito on the importance of this project: "Multifaith understanding is important for both people of faith as well as for citizens."
I made it out. Thx for all the calls and text. My Hawaiian outfit will now be rockin.
#IfIDieTomorrow I can at least say I made my life very interesting. Not everyone can say that.
haterz lick my pussy!!!!!!
long blonde dreaded* locks!
What a behind-the-scenes look!
