Your love is my drug #Ke$ha
Red Sox 0-4..no team has won the World Series starting the season with 4 straight L's.....not happy at all.
D3 extends congrats & best wishes to: J.B., J.S., L.T., J.F. and F.W.!
#Romney: Three years of #Obama has brought us fewer
Had 40+ people attend each of the panels today. Love being part of an organization that supports its graduate students.
ima START tweeting more
sometimes the only part of life I'm sure about is the part i share with you.
I guess all the major networks were scrambling today to bring us the news, i bet they couldn't be happier
we are not! And sadly, our windows don't open for rooftop shenanigans.
It's raining here! Haha Does feel good to be back though :) : RT : Good morning, New York!
Really enjoyed seeing Bay Area talent Young Bari on 106nPark today!
A generous person will prosper; whoever refreshes others will be refreshed.
Went past the Fermilab a zillion times in Batavia but never knew what was going on there until I watched PBS' "The Atom Smashers" tonight.
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
I wait for love to flood the whole world and turn it all around.
Doing some final prep for #dolehealthsummit. Can't wait for everyone to get here!
"I wish I had an interracial family" -Rube Sheeber
Did anybody else see the model outside of Abercrombie yesterday?!
America, I am only 1 person. Why can I create jobs and our entire government can't create one and are losing 1000's a month???
hope the bunny hops your way then ;)
hm maybe an event to raise $ for an animal-related rescue?
I get paid to sit down and watch time pass.
At frost cupcake factory mhmmm. Maui coconut dream!!
What does US v. Jones ruling mean for the future of privacy and the Fourth Amendment? The battle over our privacy rights is far from over.
So i was almost done w/ my essay i was procrastinating my computer acts up and smart me didn save anythin..essays gone
It does! At one point, there's a meeting across the street from the Watergate. When they drive off, they pass my old apartment.
...Breakfast, work, gym, lunch, work, shopping or movies!...what a great schedule!
I LOVE the bracelet!!
I'm happy when he's around but he's not, I'm lost. We not even together or been talking that long. What's wrong wit me? -__-
yes for a little bit wassup
Private tours can be arranged starting as late as 5:30 it's already booked this coming Friday. We can do the regular tour as well.
My mind is like glass right now! And has just been shattered in to a million of pieces! ~trynna put the puzzle together
VHS went missing btwn 7pm Tue when student worker left & 8am Wed when I got to work. 24 hours later still can't find it. Going mildy insane.
makes me think about the first Psalm
I swag I sag I cook I look I wait I bake Steven Jo goofy ass lol
He ain't that funny. He also failed to make a play that little leagues make. Be consistent Jose.
Thanks Kat, I hope you get some value out of it!
I had one of those growing up. It was so much fun. #childhoodmemories indeed.
Nice+Day=Park:)
Sabrina The Teenage Witch
Awww a big happy family :)
do lottery tickets! Usually about $20.
You're going to love it! If you're not convinced, I can fill you in some more tonight..
Thank you for coming in today. Happy you enjoyed your breakfast. RT : Fantastic breakfast panini!!
Ryan and Tiffany It doesn't matter. I did not give your wife permission to put my picture on her blog.
those tickets for sleep no more are $100 each!
I wish it would feel like this outside, but not rainy. :/
Marzipan and Cheerwine :B
Had my first latte today at work...😳
Kk ill let uk what's good :)
Ohh I see what L did there
Some great demos being reviews
EHS is almost sold-out of rooms for Fall 2012! Get in touch today if you still need a space to live, before it's too late! 800-385-1689
Old settlers was fun
Cuddles would be amazing right now.
get a picture of that?
RT : I wash my face in the morning and at night
Just had a heated discussion about gay marriage, I may not be gay but I will support it! Not my place to tell u what u can or can't do.
Students can use cell phones to add voice to a presentation for a class project. voki.com,
Don't run from or avoid life's obstacles. It's facing it and decision making that gets you through it
Where is Tim Tebow? Signed, Crazy Nuggets stalker at Broncos game
#GOP #FLSen candidates crashing & burning all around Florida. Cause the #RPOF is corrupt & GOP brand is bunk
Benefit concert for Colt Greene don't miss it!!
When people do dumb shit
Learning how to setup WordPress as a CMS. So my clients can update their web sites, on their own. Adding more value, from Ed Roper Designs
amen brother. Style and appearance are indeed important. However, without integrity they mean nothing.
you, you said you wanted to.
Yep, fucking get mad at me becuse people choose not to make appts & just show up whenever they please. Totally my fault.
nope Professors make you do a essay or two some Reaction papers and you're done !
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Keep going with your blog!
Sleeppoverr(: finally its break;)
I know I'm not hot, sexy, or gorgeous; but I do have feelings. Don't blow me off because I don't fit in with u with my looks, like me 4 me.
where's your apartment best friend?
all work no play foo'
#libchat Q3 help and enable the public to be able to record and preserve the meaningful cultural memory themselves?
If I see you being mean to Austin like that. ~Unfollow~ ~Report~ ~Block~
Harriet the Spy and Emily Bronte boards; fun! I imagine lots of activity with books early on...welcome!
you get best costume of the year!!!!!! hands down!!!
#RomneyYachtNames Job Keeler
Karaoke hits for "I Will Always Love You" will be off the charts.
I need to get my Mother's Day stuff together.
But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's baby Because you stay with me, maybe, 'cuz you're as crazy as I am♥
im charging my phone and getting in shower and off to find this dude in vegas and a whole crowd before this event
Damn they hit me with jury dutie 0_0
thanks, but I hope you mean #WISN12! Lol
#quotes To succeed in life in today's world, you must have the will and tenacity to finish the job.
Woke up before 7 on a sunday without any alarm. Going to bed early is the best.
Definitely like that mix. On shuffle, I'll go from Sam Cooke, to Led Zeppelin, to T.I, to George Strait, Green Day, to..??
Thanks to the Man above for wakin me an my lovely family up each an every morning ...... NOW CAN U SAY ROAD TRIP!!!!!!
I know two other adorable vizslas you could take off my hands, I mean cuddle with, next week
Working on blog...down the rabbit hole!
Some of our ETD folks - Christy Shorey, Bobby Parker (Christy will be with poster and she's also presenting)
look at you tweeting! You're practically a pro in less than 24 hours. Did u stay for another session after the keynote address?
Pam, how did I manage to miss you in B’more? Nice to see you and share stories over dinner, Bruce.
exactly xD and id have to bus it! 3 buses to get there! Fuck that shit lolol
The Avengers comes out this weekend and I dont get to see it :/
The video elevator pitch for candidate recruiting, a great idea.
thanks so much! we are super excited!
think i just figured out revision of a 5-yr old fave story
Omg, I hate doing presentations..x.x
Maintaining good balance prevents injury
The photobooth picture is going in my binder ^_^
Severe weather moving into the Dallas Ft. Worth Metroplex. Mayfest is closed in advance of the storms.
Had a wonderful weekend, including breakfast with Santa at the State Museum and then the Nutcracker at Butler University's Clowes Hall.
Alpha is going well! New functionality coming today: file-sharing, pending connection requests, and adding a photo to your group.
Yay! RT @ RTWsomanyplaces Our plans to TRAVEL AROUND THE WORLD!!! Could two humans be any more excited? fb.me/HGKgysEW
It's National Karaoke Week! What's your favorite song to sing in karaoke?
Playing at a Crawfish Festival this Saturday the 16th! Acoustic solo show at Wines Across Texas in Marble Falls, 5:30-8pm. Come on out!
wow 19 followers in like a week wat i do?
Rotary is educating families on Sumba about sanitation, families can sign up and then Rotary helps build sanitation facilities
Is there an Ethan Iverson sightings Twitter account???
Agreed, hence my attendance at track F. RT: : They should've put track E in a bigger room. No space for this session.
Kickstarter in the literal sense? Lol Like on a motor cycle?
What is this about jelli radio?
is gonna be hilarious tonight with
There are some really impressive bios on Twitter.
$40 to get all 4 of my wisdom teeth pulled....
To be honest, I'll kill a motherfucker.
On our way to speak with some art students from out of town. Hope they dig our city and move to Detroit!
Too bad it's such a sad occasion for which I am hearing so much great Beastie Boys music everywhere
I'm not your type. I'll leave you hurting every night.
Please wish good luck at her cheer competition <3333
you need a snoball STAT!
RT? Curt, HUGE fan. Found out someone DEAR 2 ME has ALS (MGH) - If you see this PLEASE the best direct LINK 4 my involvement?
same here. Missing link for me between Kittler and Murakami's 1Q84.
can't deal with this mess of hair. uggggg ly help me. need extensions or somethin hell of a hot mess
"Three girls, one Cameron." Your innocence is failing you
I picked up some stuff at at the mall today, and I'm really excited to try the tinted moisturizer!!! <3 xx Elle
hahaha sometimes it's hard to tell whether you're joking or not, for seriously?
Happy 5th of July: The day we celebrate our independence from whatever body part we blew off. /via
Ima Leader!!! neva been a Follower...
OMG DENISE YOU SHOULD PROBABLY CHANGE YOUR TWEET SETTINGS BECAUSE IT SHOWS EXACTLY WHERE YOU LIVE
Yay! Tasty success! :)
« i kno i'm fuckin worth it.»
Well hello 6 miles, it's been 2 years! I just finished a 6.01 mi run with a pace of 8'52"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Did you know? That when a director does not want their name associated with the film, they use "Alan Smithee". Try and IMDB him.
Pitching wins again! Britt Burns pitches well for the White Sox, but the Brewers are better. Nice win!
gm out this morning at mondawmin bus circle until 8am campaigning join me if u can votehenrybrim.com
U went mia again!!
lots of prayers going out to my stepmother Noriko and all our family friends in Tokyo and Yokohama!!
Community Yoga is only $7 per class! Come get your yoga on with Susan H. today at 12pm at our South Miami Treehouse!
I think planely is a great idea. Find out who your fellow passengers will be before you get on board.
Don't forget to #vote today! If your going Dem let's go !! If your GOP may I recommend that Abe Lincoln looking dude.
Beat the heat and come in to Paradigm Gardens today! Your outdoor plants are going to be thirsty today. Remember to water!
I think just doesn't understand customer service, which is very sad. I would not recommend them to a friend.
Trying to adjust to the time change! :-/
Lifting up young men of color means healthy boys and young men to support women & girls. Follow 4 updates on improving
I didint go to church...mane fuck that shit.... Evil lives!!
you crazy, girl!
I dnt get ppl who grow up knowing they got asthma n bronchitis and still sit there and smoke O_O lol
I wore boots today that were two sizes too big...pedal still to the metal for ya.
On a scale from "dancing in the streets" to "getting the hell out of dodge" how are NYCers feeling about "credible terrorist threats" ?
HAHA oh Lordy, I wish I was there to witness that masterpiece :D
Amber Rose had these chicks going bald... Nicki Minaj had them being barbies.... Who gonna have them going to college?
Patricia Smith reading one of her poems from "Blood Dazzler"
r u coming back to GB?
had a wonderful time learning more about your incredible #business! Thanks for all you do to help #seniors & their families
k thinks he sees y but it isn't y. it is an itinerant hypnotized by his travels and stories.
Follow back please?!
are all of the pics you post through instagram taken with your iphone?
Timing with in English class>>>
What a beautiful afternoon!!! You are welcome - I truly tried my best to bring back the beautiful Miami weather with me!! Heehee ;) ;)
My best birthday present would be to work as a fame monster @ AC tomorrow please call Fuji Film, tell them to cast Dustin Hanna
I hate when people don't believe me.
The Unions lost the recall primary...will they try and recall Tom Barrett as the nominee? That's what you do when you don't get your way...
I feel like I graduated yesterday .. 2 years ago tho ? don't feel like it .
Whose ideas was it to put THESE 4 in studio and do a halftime show with them????
one year ago today. we were officially named "iconiacz" rt if your proud to be one. <3
Rick, your kind words move me. Your quotes inspire me. Thank you so much for YOUR support. Wishing you always...
No matter what you choose, you cannot lose.
That you? That would be the clearest pic of you in the history of cameras.
Officially an amputee as of 6am.
When I take off my headphones, I don't pause if I'm listening to Dragonforce, because the song will still be going when I put 'em back on…
so cute!
G'day, then #Cville. I see you've decided upon fog as the morning weather of choice. I cannot say I approve, I'm afraid.
In ROTC today, asked if she could "touch it" ;) but she meant my mohawk.
I don't understand it must be me
There is an happy hour tonight If you're free drop by. I'll be there 6-7. Love to catch up.
Heavy sole playing tonight at club "x" with kink Ador!! 10p! Come out!
when is the wedding can we make bc the best lady
Our next two shows: Friday August 5 @ Uncommon Ground in Wrigleyville, & Thursday August 18 @ Fitzgerald's in Oak Park!
True Love.
National Storytelling Network announces 2012 National Storytelling Conference, June 28-July 1, 2012, Cincinnati Marriott at River Center.
My moms still not home from my aunts house O.o
What does it mean that 50% of the #popcon opening keynote panel went to Wesleyan? Maybe we could all sing the fight song or something.
Robert Benchley~ Drinking makes such fools of people and people are such fools to begin with that its compounding a felony.
whatever (pushes you away)
#abqgeeklunch today noonish at anatolia doner kabob. Be there or be not filled with delicious greek foods
Glad we can help!
yeah the only reason id have out a Lebrick uniform is if I ran out of toilet paper...
Okay, I guess I'll go to the grocery store now.
I need me an fwb. No accepting applications. :)
NINJA ROCKSTAR NODE.JS HACKER/HUSTLER WITH 15+ YEARS .NET WEB-SCALE CLOUD EXPERIENCE
Dude, raise your minimum to scale.
Ugh.. I love it when boyfriends let go of your hand to grab another girls ass... Thinking about becomming a lesbian.
What is up with this weather!!! 90 degrees two days ago, and then this weekend I am hearing it might snow??? -.-
So does a league doing everything it can to remove head shots bring any sort of action against Brodeur after his comments?
You know what would be awesome? If Valley View wasn't as hot as a crematorium.
Would you like to be a guest Personality? Have you always wanted to break in to radio? If you're in the Tampa Bay area let us know.
we better throw down when i get back
If CU does not close this out...Embree will explode...watch and see
Its Jerseyday and this episodes bout to be 2 live
“: "Life is a game in which the player makes a fool of themselves" -- Violet gets all the best lines.
new song. it's unfinished but i'm currently very proud of myself :3
you know it's both! ;)
Saying "Beer can" with a British accent sounds like "Bacon" with a Jamaican accent.
dear vegitarians, if your trying to save the animals,why are you eating thier food?
Can't just wait for opportunities to come... Have to make them up.
glad to entertain. I gave up on the crochet to focus on walking. How are doing creative one?
Watching Once Upon A Time from the beginning
I'm buggin trippen on you - Justin Skye thissong has been on replay al dayy
Hey lady!
Our Hoedown 2 is on April 20 and we’re already getting our country on! Listen to the winner of Best Country Song of 2012:...
May 2 is a day that changed #Mpls history! I'll be live at the site of the Washburn Mill explosion at 6 to show how 1878 still affects 2012.
"Can you get me tix to the 'GARLIC' Storm concert?" - My Dad, proving that his texting skills are about as good as his taste in music.
Your welcome :]
It Exercising Programs
what a beautiful photo of you and your boys. Stay strong. You are in the thoughts and prayers of many.
Ladies first. Pretty ladies sooner.
most likely on monday
I root for the Yankees when they play one team only: AlQaeda
Seriously! Was there something about September that just invited it in, and now it's spilling over to October? Sheesh.
MJ is my idol! THE BEST ENTERTAINER OF AL TIME!
your denial amuses me.
i could have been active on twitter if phones were allowed in college!.
Happy Mother's Day to you!! :-)
Another debt crisis weekend - we've been here before many times -on the brink -now closest to the edge. Europe has to step up to the plate.
“The 16 and Vote Global Campaign” from Global Youth Justice Champions the Lowering of the Voting Age to (16). and
“: Time for Grilled Cheese” I just ate..but reading that has got my tastebuds all horny and whatnot..
All American Combo Sat. Special at Acme Hotdogs! Add some tasty Onion Rings & Creamy Cole Slaw! South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
A fun way to kick off the week...Dinner, Drinks and Monday Night Football!
Nap time w/ #oomf would be okay.
Congrats India...#Cricket offensive juggernaut Team USA Grant Nieland is coming for u next year
No. I need to, but the same fear applies.
www.dogster.com is great! Thanks for the heads up!
AMERICA MESSED UP BIG TIME!!!! your perfect and should've stayed, will always be a #Skoutlaws love you <3
:-) "groupie alert" I dig!
does comcast kansas city carry universal sports network
Haha, okay. Good! Tell her that you're "blessed." Lol.
Can we kick it? Yes we can. Can we kick it? Yes we can. Thnx bug jar, tap & moho for a great night. Luv ya Rochester
lol come with Nickyballz,he'll be glad to have you over :)
I seriously don't get people that cheat. IF YOU AREN'T HAPPY, LEAVE. Save everyone some hurt and quit it before you hit it.
Crazy Bitches of Comedy this Friday at Jokerz Wild in CT. Come laugh your asses off with us !
On my way to Georgia...
such a flippin alcoholic If u give me something for my bday, just give me liquor. That's all I ask :)
They crucify him today because they wish to silence him. But they better get ready, because Sunday is coming.
he may need a buddy, I'm afraid of roller coasters.
I will not calm down! Women are allowed to get angrier than men about double standards.
You're welcome! RT : I'm officially addicted to #eBay thanks to
Although great interview w/ , is it fair to label new batch of acts Grand Hustle 2.0 tho.
Congrats ! Kill it in the NFL!
oh do you just love socks
:'( I'm NEVER getting a visa to #Pakistan, now! :'(
“: #GreinkeSaga updates are some of my favorites. i LOVE talking about talking! #brewers”
you and need to come to soon! I'm not worried, can hold his own.
im so ready for #BlackFriday 2mar !
Been busy! Tis' the season I guess
RT Shelvin Mack scores his first NBA points. He has five tonight for the Wizards, including a 3.
We're still looking for a few great startups who need help with #billing. One year free plus mentorship. DM us for details!
I love a good snap shirt.
They should have given you the other kind of mug!
7. Sleep! Researchers have found that getting less than 7.5 hrs of sleep each night is associated with an increased risk for heart disease.
it hasn't changed ;)
If my memory serves me correctly it is 's 25th bday today! Happy birthday to my brother from another mother! Miss you :)
yay bullpen :( ... i thought we fixed this 5year+ problem
#20ThingsAboutMe #16: I was philosophical BEFORE facebook & twitter. lol
I swear, socks go into purgatory at my house between the laundry and my top drawer.
so you want him to give me the dirty cookie? :c
Going to eat an 🍊
Thx for content, twitter help :)
Bitches should already know not to get on my bad side
Good morning shugga, I'm going to sleep. :)
Bored at work, someone text a hoe!
Tried to explain the Leeroy Jenkins joke on the Daily Show to Eventually gave up.
Crap, what movie should I watch?
what kind of red? Like a bright red or gingery red?
Our goal is to get links from anything that is an authority, says
Music to my ... Thanks !
Maryland Statewide Tornado Drill - Wednesday April 11th, 9:45 AM: Statewide Tornado Drill for Md.
aye watch it
u know i will xoxo
R Kelly - Love letter
Home at last. Now to fix this junk computer.
Don't sink, start swimming.
Work flow. . . well rested.
Its pouring rain.. /: and I have school.
that was a Ma$e line.
7812 st charles
thanks homie, u think Spurs cover +7?
so bri wen do i see u again !
heard that one before :P
now taking appointments for Atlanta June 4-6
Thx RT : “Calling local artists! is looking for large scale art to display in their restaurant. inf
College Station says Thanks for Poised Creation!
— Which album?
In what alt universe does the Promise Ring + Dropkick Murphy's hang out & drink beer together. Oh, wait, that was Turner Hall last night.
I'm at Met Opera seeing Faust and they had to stop the show. An actress fell down stairs, I think.
I have decided to walk through this world as though I already have the resume I want.
Thank you!
Sorry for the delay, high maintance, I'm not sure if I can go I think I might actually be in DC that weekendRT I texted you -_-
no dress codes at
We love James Maslow is trending... Like it!
Love she motivates me to be better.
Wow! Thank You so much! :)
didn't realize asking a ? To was such a travesty! Love ya C-Webb but your facts were wrong
It's funny, when the own son doesn't support the father!!!
- Thanks for the RT!
These bitches just dont know.Haha they say errytime i open my mouth its bou them SIKE usually when i talk its bou me & my bitches not no ...
Ok, just saw independent #HDMI Eye Pattern Test for the SilverStarlight6, 15 meter cable &... it's the cleanest eye pattern I've ever seen
am I "young" enough? ;)
have you read all the books?
2012 is 100th anniversary of RED SOXs Fenway Park Griffin Museum is exhibiting historical photos I have 5 pics included OPENING 12 April 7pm
#CenturyLink is #heretohelp on Twitter. How cool is that ?! with your questions. No need to dial a #1 then, 6,4...
Heres to not sleeping tonight.. Excited for President Obama's speech!
that's... quite convincing actshually...
Sick and in bed watching Tangled. *sigh* what I wouldn't do to have someone to hang with.
So, brunch in San Fran on a Sunday? Please give me recommendations!!!
how long have they had the new set up on twitter?
huge 3rd down sack. Nice plau
UPDATE : debut CD "This Is Where I Wanna Be" available on iTunes, Amazon and CDBaby December 20th
"To be persuasive we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; to be credible we must be truthful." — Edward R. Murrow
thank you:-)
Santorum is on the cover of the flagship of deadtree journalism for the gay community--The Advocate-- The party is over.
Monday #Marketing Tip: Show off your expertise! Invite customers to ask public questions on your company's Facebook page.
:3 I know
Busy day at Ocean Park fighting crowds to see Panda's & Sea Lions. Tomorrow will be many steps to see Big Buddha
'll take Brockers. And be ecstatic about it.
OBAMA 2012...I've got his back and he has mine!
my sociology class is easy but long
Missed our best offers of the year? We've got them all week long starting Monday at 10am.
I didn't think that sentence would ever leave my mouth. Plus, apparently they play "Smelly Cat" on the radio at 4:30. That made my day!
Due today = Do today
YUP ...need i say more??? Neh...god ish though!
Of course they did; as Blackmon & Floyd get taken from them. Funny thing is, no other team had him that high. What we know?
I hate waitin
If someone does something for you, have enough curiosity to say thank you.
Is slowly slowly coming out the cave of obscurity
Just walked by two skinny freshmen all dressed up talking about how they're on diets. #excusemewhat?
Never settle for the path of least resistance .
Dear #Groupon users: thx for doing what every person who purchased Cinetopia deal is doing--waiting til the FINAL days to redeem.
can I carry on a frozen turkey for my flight to visit family over thanksgiving?
Ha. Humble swagger. More men need to have that.
great show last night in Cincinnati, Ohio. Digging your sound and message
here's my number. So call me maybe.
Me too. I blame Perez Hilton. And Pinterest.
I am loving you right now. Thanks for the info.
when do you come back??
I got weepy bringing Lucy to get a minor procedure done this morning. Hormones or just true love for my faithful buddy?
Q: Has baltimore's massive investment in law enforcement paid off? You be the judge.
What's your thoughts on SOPA?
do u have cavities
BEFORE b-e-f-o-r-e not "B4" we speak english not bingo.
Don't ever take a fence down until you know the reason it was put up
NOW HIRING INSTRUCTORS!!! Dance, Yoga, Hooping, Clowning, Aerial Arts, Acrobatics Look under Employment on www.TenacityCircusArts.com!!
Believe deep down in your heart you are destined to do great things. ~Joe Paterno~
Nothing beats playing with poppers. <3 #FizzyFamilyForever :) ♥
lol,funny guy!
Jaime is looking for new in-ear headphones. He left his old 700's in a jacket and washed them. Any recommendations?
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime and too sleepy to worry at night.
Awesome, I've cancelled my sugarsync payment and am signing up for Crashplan. For the same price I can back up my whole computer!
Looked like Justin said I love u to Emma stone
Q: Under what circumstances is #LinkedData useless? A: Whenever Data Representation, Data Access, and Data Integration become useless.
May is right around the corner...any guesses on what our May Pedicure Special will be???????????
ANYTHING yu have to say to me direct it to ME NOT twitter cuz the state of mind I have right now TWITTER WON'T SAVE YOU
How has it been a straight downpour for this long?
I can only tell a person something so many times before I show u
Life isn’t worth living unless you’re willing to take some big chances and go for broke.
Fucked a bad bitch last night...... Titties was nice lmao
its like 7 pm & yet the sun is still sunny. #ilovethis if only it was warm :\
Tonight! Levittown Pennsylvania ! @ St Pauls Church! For more information and dates visit us at www.Facebook.com/lifeasaghost RETWEET IT!
Running a 10K (the Cooper Norcross Run the Bridge) with Danny & Scooter tomorrow! I'm so glad to be getting an extra hour of sleep!
breh wen we first started talking really to each other wat was i
What's insurance gonna cover/cost?
hey le
i would totally hang out with you, but Nirvana
Don't Play W/ My Money & We'll Be G's
"what does Hawaii look like again?" I introduce you all to
Need live guitar added to your track? Get at me today
Comparisons between cj Watson and bartman are stupid.
The absolute fundamental aim is to make money out of satisfying customers. – John Egan
Still 2 hours left of the anniversary party...stop up and say hi!
Dropped off the new issue earlier today for you!!! Let me know what you think!
What Makes You Beautiful.
Congrats to a May grad! RT : putting my #EMAC degree to work, no really, accepted a big girl full time job today
yes I just got done filling out the app for GB. Man I would love it there.
prescriptions must've expired? On the last day of the season. Haven't heard a peep about Barton for a while now
Someone yelled "PENIS" in the lunch room and all the girls yelled "Yeeaaahhh Buddy" lol :-)
Happy Nurses Week!!! Are you looking to be one of the nurses celebrated this week in the future? Call us at (888) 682-2761
Panda Express is always delicious. Never have had a bad meal from them
any questions? ask away!
My poor rental #fordfocus is covered in sand!!
First day of the fair! Come see me at the KSTP building for at 3pm!
Just want to go home....
Lindsay Lohan before she went craycray<3
Ringo's Mexican food tally has officially begun.
I love that i cant go to sporting events until may 7th...i didnt bring up how i was grabbed by an admin tho..soo
people will say that until we lose. always do. they're just jealous of how well we are playing this year!
I am so done talking about this!
I look like everybody else LOL
Go vikings on monday night football
just watched your video on YouTube about Cena. Great promo as always. That's why your the peoples champ.
Got my Mega Millions ticket y'all! If I win I'm gonna say screw being Governor & call it quits NOW! Also will buy a new toupe
Because i will fuck some shit up if shit gets real!..
Why does our school always smell like fish?
The dog got mad because I went out without him. So he ate the pile of bills that were on my bed. How sad. They are just a pile of pulp now.
At the 2010 #WHCD, President Obama threatened the Jonas Bros. with Predator Drones if got the wrong idea about Sasha or Malia. Really.
:) much love, wat you up too?
Thanks Geoff! Was a great day :)
Tips to be de-friended on the book: 1) post pictures of your ultrasound....
I say Let's! Talk soon RT still want to do event over there with you too
Nevermind, because I remembered that Google knows everything. Thanks for always writing. Your jar-egg story comes to my mind often.
wouldn't doubt it...sorry again...I love ya :-)
I answer to 'direction' like its my own name.
I ok'd the post, so it should be up there on my blog.
is boggled by the fact someone decided that RECIPE for iced tea counted as food porn. Cuz thats cooking, all right.
I have decided I want to be an assistant to a celebrity. Leads will be appreciated....:-)
im good thanks :) xx
No way, we need more of this!
Sorry I didn't get on at all yesterday. I'm sick so all i did was sleep.
Sublimes coming to Alaska!!! ...while I'm at Bonnaroo.
#Congress: “Please do not cut funding for #afterschool programs, they are desperately needed by the #community” –Janis
Anyone else have a hard time getting stories critiqued? How do you handle it?
Thanks for the great post!
Looking forward to seeing new and familiar reporters at the Portland Business Journal event tonight
Good day my loves, I'm so tired packing boxes and moving stuff last nite. o you don't know, Bone & I ran a youth program in my community 4.
YES we call it mr. Cougar and it is HILARIOUS
Do your emotions ever get in the way of your writing? Are there songs that are too emotional for you to write? Is there such a thing?
Thank u God cause I needed 2 hear that. You are a #awesome God as always :)
ain't that the truth lol
LOVE IT RT : You are the future. Expect to see you on #TEDMED stage RT : Fantastic seeing
New iPad review will be out shortly! I think I did a much better job this time!
Another long week ahead... In the meantime enjoying a mellow afternoon @ home with family and friends.
We’re running some specials this week: 3 Inch Drawing Knife.
I hope my homie ok he was so drunk da police was so drunk an saying anything to da police I was smart so when dey said you can go I was gone
What's everyone doing for New Year's Eve? Trying to find a good show to go to...
s/o to goodluck at tryouts, we can do this gurl ! 🐗💡
Must get to my iPhone...I think the Kardashians (the 2 little ones) just walked into Zankou Chicken
Us too! RT Learning about Google for Nonprofits and Google+ at
Durham is wild right now!!!
Oh yes it is...
Absolutely incredible finish to EPL season
Really Rangers?
Delaware, Florida, California for starters.... Game for anywhere else next
Hi glambert! thx u the reach out!, am working on this new material...when done I'll get you a link and the chart! Best, Tom
Thanks for the mention, makes us think we must be doing something right on Twitter. :)
re: StudyRails: it could work to help with study skills: G8 online planner for techsavvy student; nomore filofax!
Exactly! When teachers show an interest or need I am able to deliver Just in Time PD! Relevant & timely!
. thanks for your opinion. We do not agree. I will leave it at that.
Cool! I will have a PDF form but I want my main oeuvre to be a website– recreating an experience.
O, I want to know what it is!!
I agree with you Shon and it wasn't right either!!!
I'm pissed, I'm bored & need sumbdy 2 txt
BRILLIANT RT Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
Loving the therapy collection Go Go!
KXTN I SURVIVED VALENTINE'S Day Event!!! David Lee Garza y Los Musicales, David Marez, Javier Galvan, Jesse Serrata & Marcos Orozco!!!
Didn't go to the yearbook signing thing yesterday, but now I want my freakin' year book.
I approve.
Who wants to see Sudden Death! made into a feature? Musicals are 'in' again, aren't they?
STAY CLASSY DETROIT! Check me out Monday 6:30ish on the Paul W Smith Show
Before I depart to the spreadsheet mines, join me in wishing a very Happy Birthday
August is upon us! Start preparing for the new school yr with an exciting hands-on project that will get ur students interested from day 1!
happy thanks giving to you n your fam
For the next 5 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Meatball Mania
Yes, but what *kind* of beer? :)
haha, i'll always will be ;)
#Padres up by 2. Let's do this!!! keep it up!
ok so that didnt work.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING MY WAY H-TOWN
Just finished a Great Leg Workout today! Feeling like a Billion Bucks! #REAL MEN TRAIN LEGS!!!
There's a lot of new artists out...hot beats. Hot beats don't make the nigga nice. Tired of saying that. A lot of wack niggas out there.
I may not understand much about media, but I understand this: Giants/Packers = 45.1 million viewers vs Golden Globes = 16.8 million viewers
For my graduation gifts, everyone should just buy me merch & concerts tickets. Or give me a shit ton of money so I can do it myself :D
hi there :)
Great to hear! RT First Fridays #rva, killing it in this month.
an yes your both very wonderful women with many outstanding qualities :)
Thank you so much!! I appreciate it!!
Château La Conseillante '05 was my favorite from Sat nite A beautiful Pomerol, young but drinking incredibly well. Worth seeking!
gotta love a warm rainy day with all the windows open...perfect.
Erin Andrews weird leather sleeve shirt better not bring bad mojo.
Canadians or not, they are fellow MLSers. Representing our league well, boys.
"The Most Important Question You Can Ask" - is it Friday yet?
I love it hear in Vegas, not sure if I am going to make it back home to Oregon. This is just a lot of fun here.
Come to Chicago, Illinois please u nd iconic boyz!
that sounded like a commercial for the song !(: haha love you Pey<21
surprisingly enough I've seen that foot look worse...
Nice! Glad you like. You should check out our TCP - Toasted Coconut Porter - now in bottles. Cheers!
TONIGHT WHEN I LOOK INTO THE SKY, I KNOW THIS IS WHY I AM ALIVE<3
lmao #yolo in the funniest way possible
Excellent. My 3rd best fantasy free agent pickup in my young career behind getting Sproles & Victor Cruz the first 2 weeks of 🏈
What is love.?
Another BIG WIN for
good morning
yay!! so recap for you: I saw jump up and down and someone else almost cry :)
": #ThingsThatAreSEXY all 23 of my TD's in '07." Quit living in the past bro
Going to a water park! Woot woot! :D
So excited to see you, Dave. It's gonna be rad. Travel safely.
Isn't funny if that if take the letters in Jay Cutlers name and rearrange them it spells I'm a cry baby douche bag!! Funny huh!
The liveliness of literature lies in its exceptionality, in being the individual, idiosyncratic vision of one human being, in which, to...
another one bites the dust.
#LetsGoBucs can't get enough of all these W's lately :)
should Americans be more empathetic toward the poor of course.
": Likely true RT : The Athens FD is going to be very very busy this evening. Douse the Couches! #GoOHIO"
Lol approved my tweet! :)
"Brad Pitts" is the funniest part of the whole thing.
Paul Rudd in the mirror will crack you up so bad. I promise!
Tan Standing Up! Buy Hybrid Tans for $9.99 each(max10)! Buy ANY Lotion $50+, get 2 FREE High Pressure Tans! Buy 30 Mystic Tans for $299!
Now New Yorkers have to wait for this tornado!! What's next?! lol Hope Everyone in NY is doing okay!! Be safe & careful!! xoxo
It's Taco Night!!!!! Mojo braised pork tacos, black beans & rice. YUMM!
Got to rest these aching knees & ankles now. These have to ready for Tough Mudder on Saturday. 
Home from PT/on holidays work @ hospital since 7;30am, need to goto sleep asap, but I will eat some lunch 1st. Crazy backasswards schedule
Rest in peace, Steve Jobs. Thank you for the many years of innovation, wonder & enjoyment your intellect & creativity has given us.
uh shy ronnie was supposed to be on with rihanna LAST WEEK
Of course it is, just like some on the left hate anyone who isn't. That word is tossed around far too much.
Can this dedicated Big Baby fan get a RT on her 40th birthday? Best Wishes!!!
lol! stressed are we?
I watched part one of the reunion last night and I'm sorry they attacked u. I think you are so funny and great! Stay strong!
Hi, mom!
not really. Tahaha
feels like the walls are closing in on me
The best you could hope to be is now just a bittersweet memory.
get that toilet ready
break a leg tonight! :o)
The last time we took an OLB from USC it worked out pretty well... #gopackgo #NFLDraft #
haha. I don't really get 's tweet but i can say that I'm don't struggle being a cute barista. Like, at all.
Step One. Ready. Aim. Fire. Step Two. Work In Progress.
LOLOL that's priceless XD Oh, I heard somewhere that the theatre is good!
Ooohhhhh see, it makes more sense in English.
Man, do these negative thoughts get to me.
How to know it's the 21st Century. I'm looking at wedding dresses w/my friend, both of us in our own living rooms.
what's is?
I'm bout to text u
im glad i keep u entertained lmao!
Jane Wells of Automattic kicks off WordCamp Ed Northeast with a keynote address on the State of WordPress
@ the laundromat washing dog beds. The people watching here is epic. And why do people feel bootyshorts are appropriate wear to this place?
Cheers, same to ya.
the CEO of iTunes should be kicked in the butt for not putting SF of #H50 online....so pissed off!
Next friday >
now do we twitter bang?
Not ashamed...must remain a mystery for some!
Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost. ~Robert H. Schuller
If you're ever having designers block just drink a huge glass of coffee, that should get you going ;)
yes, it is. cool. we often the St. Stan's 5k. i didn't realize this existed. my husband will probably want to do it. thanks!
If you get out of bed, the pee wins.
I don't really give a shit what you think.. it would just be fun to know..
They sleep, we drive
I fucking knew it!
Not happening
You deserve to relax! What's for dinner? :) RTAfter a busy day, I think I deserve to eat my dinner sitting on my
Want to treat your taste buds to something truly amazing? Try one of our chocolate iced doughnuts and don't forget the sprinkles!
Ohh my god its like raining cats and dogs holy crap!!!!!😱
Hey gonna hop onto brb
After the first 6 Locks we are 4-2!
agree however the needs a way to reward the teachers who go above to improve their teaching strategies
Cant*** my fucking craig (not mabbit)
Certainly, I'm using version 5.1 on an iPhone 4S. App closes out when I move backward
Our daughter moved out last night, and is moving to Yellowknife, NWT, Canada. Big adventure.
Well im gonna be tired tomorrow
if you love urban fantasy check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies follow me read my free preview on my blog x
Waltzing sock monkies? Yes please! A Very Phoenix Xmas 6: Our Goose Is Cooked is going to be AWESOMELY FABULOUS!
“: #SO that awesome moment when your out of town friend takes the deans advice for real and #doesntgo”
Off to go shopping for my mother's belated mother's day gift!
Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it: but the instruction of fools is folly. ~ Proverbs 16:22
if iBought you a Plane Ticket to Paris Would youu Go?(: But i'd Have to Tag Alongg ;D
oh hello welcome to the family
but I mean we are way more fun
u got me!
Can't we just have a Ravens/Patriots rematch for the Super Bowl?!!!! I hate both of these teams with a passion.
!smile me made that aw
#FF Thank You! Dreaming of the Caribbean :)
This is my first tweet, be gentle
#GNG let's do this.
I say we band together and campaign against Starbucks buzzwords!
RT : "Watching Mean Girls" is trending. That is so fetch.
200k iTunes downloads of "I Will Always Love You" since Sat.? Uhm, if you were such big fans, why didn't you own it already?
heehee maybe it was stuck on something last night!
And the joy of it all; when we count it all up; is found in the making of friends.
And a couple funny ones...
CAN I BUY THIS ON ITUNES. ASDJLSFJSG
343: I surprise even myself with this one, but I'm thankful for public transportation, without which I'd swear more and read less.
RT : Q2) It was built with the mobile (touch) interface in mind. Play the game in a desktop and it feels almost wrong.
Thank u
So far today I've managed to put underwear on over my underwear and almost get clobbered by a car. Today is going to be a good day I think.
if I lived in your region, then I'd probably go round some cool high buildings to get it better, it was right what I've done.
Put the States! (:
BBQing the baddest burger on the planet right now at work. MINI BBQ ALL DAY YOUNG GUNS, WILLIAM H BONNY COWBOY NIKKUH
Awesome! I just tested it out and it works great. Having trouble editing the summary section tho.
Also, given that this form is for #UW students, and I had to login to get there, why do I need to provide all of this information again :|
Thank you so much for the amazing donation of a 3 night stay at one of your locations! We can't thank you enough!
I am working 2 videos right now one is being processed as we speak! It's a time lapse video of cars fea. Behind The Sun by: Transa (techno)
it was awesome!! I had a blast make sure you guys come to the cd release April 6th at House of Blues
busy next three days with family obligations. Mon morning, let the grade-a-thon continue.
yea but remember that we haven't done that in 40 years.
feeling like a fat kid after deliciousness at aframe tonight
I HATE BAND
Seated on last night's flight beside David Isay, creator of We talked oral history the entire flight...made up for long delay!
way to nice
One of our stars, Patrika Darbo, was on the "Desperate Housewives" finale!!
glad you like it!
Our thoughts are with everyone in the Christchurch area, affected by the earthquake
Come on rangers 3 more outs
Cowboy artist to be celebrated at Root Beer Reception and spotlight
can't take extended leave from bookstore? Talk to your bookstore boss and be completely open. maybe they'll be helpful.
Seguin / Ovechkin. But it's gonna be Ovechkin. Because it just is.
Later tonight if you're too tired from grilling, drinking beer, and having fun just order a pizza
Happy Day of Cake in your honor . So much <3 !
Fiction is still 1/2 of what they read in Elem. Also, creative writing.
Take pics. Food must be dope!
Life is short, live bold! Be heard, be you, dream big, take risks, don’t wait! ~Misty Gibbs
Practice today at 6 on the parade grounds. Hope to see everyone there.
Man alive, what a week...
Head hurts every time you think negative u need to tell that person what's really goin thru your mind
good morning. I initially thought trolling cuz G responds to most msg of sm ppl he engages/pulls not just pltfm for push
Just cause we fuckin don't make you my lady
read tweets - GI issue they can't help with? I am sorry.
This bitch is going on and on, when I never asked for her opinion to begin with.
Just saw Hunger games..One word AMAZING!(: #Hunger Games
Carbon Sciences Targets $150 Billion Hydrogen Market
Today I'm German.
A fool flatters himself, a wise man flatters the fool.
You know you're stressed at work when a colleague/friend likens you to Darth Vader -- and they're spot on. cc.
#20peoplethatilove #10 oh Dylan, you've always been here for me. You are amazing, and I'm glad I met you. I love you :)
Dear Vimeo. Your music store interface SUCKS ASS.
What the hell is happening at Washington square/west 4th area? Coppers everywhere. Helicopters. Cameras. ?????
Ugh!!!! Three callbacks in three different cities this week! No, wait, I'm grateful...just tired of driving...
heading down to The Weary Traveler for some beers and food - join me if you'd like!
At #CPAC Theater setting up for our 9am screening. Come meet the director after the film www.iwantyourmoney.net/cpac
I'm down for collaborative writing - let's do it.
haven't seen that one - I'll look for it!
Being male is a matter of birth, being a man is a matter of age, but being a gentleman is a matter of choice.
Lovie just got lucky
The under dog
I am planting mizuna this year. Use as you would arugula - either as a salad green or stir fried/sauteed.
God i hate crying...bri
That is so strange! I remember that I put you on there!!!! So sorry - will make it up to you this week :-) U R FAB
Mobile Gaming revenue $900 Mil last year. Russia to spend $800 Mil over 3 years to build rocket launch complex. Chew on that for a minute.
Great performance. The one true star.
yes you can
So we were referential and complex at 7 p.m. By 8:30 were fracking trashed.
CHECK OUT MY NEW BIO!!(:
Bilious Leaf Blower
G.M.N.I.: Cam'ron's Purple Haze LP was a classic. I couldn't give two fucks if you agree. Not a single one.
good work inspector!!! I like their whoopie pie cupcake and chocolate dome.
RT : Let us inspire you! Tweet a destination to with hashtag #travel. We’ll tweet back with tips!
If you ever met Randy in person, He was one cool dude. May he rest in peace.
capitol hill has some GREAT yardsales!
I need to talk to him about that but idk how to...
No one has mentioned Ralph Eugene Meatyard yet?
Avs traded G Craig Anderson to Washington Senators for G Brian Elliott
Follow me ok?
Love the fact that I am going to bed right now!
So nice to meet you today at #pda12 !
Going to golden caraol
lmfao what? Why?!
Since Austin followed, I got a bunch of new followers :P Lol :)
“ The Zodiac Top Difficult Matches: Scorpio/Aquarius | Sagittarius/Pisces | Capricorn/Aries | Aquarius/Taurus | Pisces/Gemini.”
Looking to connect with governance experts in Beijing between May 18 and June 3rd. Inbox me with contacts please.
Just biked home with a 30lbs. record player strapped to my back with packing tape... I'm turning into my father.
Sleepy but I wanna watch a movie wit my mr...:-)
What made you decide to invest in real estate?
my body is glistening right now
Hoping weatherman are wrong about snow coming this afternoon.
Healthy Habits start with healthy perspectives both internally and externally.
hey young homie whatcha trippin on? Said, life's to short gotta live it long.
Don't expect things to be perfect all the time, that isn't how it works.
so much outs here in #plegecity goys
Play "Radar Love" by Golden Earring if you can. Road trip tune.
I don't think BB will last another week or so. He has lost this team. Not saying it's his fault but something has to change!
you go girl!
i have 850 photos i need to upload somewhere to share with people (not FB) - was going to use flickr but its too many. any ideas??
Sure, but I don't see the distinction you're drawing. Gov controls the supply of broadband networks in exactly the same way.
Watching Ice Age in Russian with my cousin because it is the only one I could find for free online.
I wish I could find a way to not be so sad. I miss you Jenny.
just listened to one of the records i did with , I can't wait for that to come out!
“: Bless you Folgers!” // yuck
no its MINESS
Planning road trip across America and trip to Tokyo! Woohoo!
totally counts.
Let me be your one & only forever
well I am now ! Lol.
Thanks David--I put the camera on T, pressed the shutter, fired the strobe with my toe....haha!
Can we gather our own inner strength & live a deliberate life?
Happy Birthday
can you send me that ppt you referenced?
wats he doin at the school
damn you vitamins... you make my tummy hurt.
me too . @ HeathSlaterOMRB you are really hot and i love hear your sexy voice
Kevin Dillon from the HBO series Entourage drives a Lincoln LS
updating my resume again because it's definitely different from 6 months ago.
could you guys follow me please follows me and you guys follow my sister
in da mood 4 some fried shrimp n criss cross fries ^_^
me or JessicaSanchez? ..lol :D que pasa, mi amigo?
Bow-chick-a-wow-wow!!!!
wats wrong :( if its cuz of tht last tweet can u please translate
Ha! RT : um....having a blast watching volunteers set up this sag aftra referendum announcement over some soft ass piano
your welcome :)
In 2nd career start threw over 300 yards when in a passing offense. I'm sure those balls just levitated themselves there.
I dig that Jill. Thanks for that.
Just heard about the EYBL for Texas Pro, Congrats!
Absolutely!!! He'd love it!!! The boy lives and breathes sports.
thanks for sharing, really like #10, great reminder
concatenate RT So, asking for ppl's favorite words. He likes denouement. I'm a fan of ubiquitous. u?
I feel like going out tonight...
do you think we should see what heyward hood and hampton can do, i just think keisel and smith are not what they were?
how u this morning
Tonight!! The Photosynthesizers, Dank D, and Just Plain Sounds!! Swing by around 8pm.
I'll check it out and see what's up.
Happy Easter
#Ihateitwhen people don't answer when I call.
#TextMessagesFromAStalker "what are you wearing right now my lil' vanilla drop ;)?" the usual my #lions banana hammock silly!
Trautmann speaking demographic shifts to effect attendance:what will make attend trend increase?
Has no contact email address on their website! How can I get a hold of them directly?
Considering neither of has millions of dollars (nor cars, for that matter), *no* must be the real answer.
3rd world, real world. We lead sheltered lives & are more fortunate than we know.
#GETAUSTIN2PHILLY IS ALREADY A WORLDWIDE TREND!!! OMG IM SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN=) I LOVE YOU<3
thank u hun
Cant believe I'm about to say this... Agreed!
Great quote!!!!
A 7.5 quake hit Indonesia triggering a tsunami Mon. Current death toll: 108. Missing: more than 500. Assessing needs for best response...
Hey Gang, the Chapel Hill plan review got approved!! The Countdown is on...who's excited for our newest location??
I guess I was tired from work appearently and dayum that dream was so carazzy
and tie for pushing my followers into the 200s. Thanks to both!
Eating Special K!. Never knew that it tasted so good until now!.,#Diet Shit is good!!
Next read his THE FATAL SHORE. The history of Australia, and so so so good.
#WeBelieveInAustin I love you and believe in you very much<3
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. John C. Maxwell
Tehehe :P nothing much. how have you been?:)
Walk or bike to this Sunday 2-6pm for Double Karma Points & festivities.
RT : RT : Hate less, Love more. Take less, Give more. Worry less, Laugh more. ~S. Sivananda
u the angry black guy at work? Every office needs one
Just got done with my interview. Nervous about the outcomes. I hope I did well. I cant wait to find out
I get it
No doubt.
says that she will have someone on her staff dedicated to writing grants to help fund senior services
#ThingsIRegret Saying yes to my boyfriend and still being in love with my exboyfriend </3
And it smells like someone just shit their self..
Testing the new cell phone. This thing is cool
Wishing all a Happy Easter!
Man #Beyonce not even on the scene like that and she in everyday news. She's the shit
“: Son: "Who do you think will win?" Me: "Bulls." Him: "You're wrong a lot, though, dad."” what a good kid!
man who you rolling wit
ok nvm got it
Can careless. Rubio is not the voice for
I Am T-Pain is the best app ever, omg
Sometimes I worry about what my book notes say about me, e.g., "Jack pomegranate kill."
Thank you!! RT : so much love for the they are just so amazing!
It could have been worse. You could have blown a tire and rolled over. You aren't hurt, just inconvenienced. :-/
hey... miss you little sis... Congrats on 1 trimester complete!
"God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble." Psalm 46:1
writing cucumber tests for my project -- thanks et al...
Do you know? Do you know? Do you know what it feels like loving someone thats in a rush to throw you away?
Follow the behind the scenes creator
nope i gotta iphone sucka! Ha hit me now :)
damn i forgot finalz were this week.. good luck brahhh! btw, how is the "situation"?!
I'm in love with :)
Women are at blame for everything
Max out your company's 401k plan for matching contribution
Thanks! I'm waiting for a call back from Lake Travis right now. Any info on Bastrop?
Game day ladies, recover from last night wth water, bloody marys, sprite whatever you need & get ready for another W. Feels good to win
but that's not how ABDC has ever been. If you look back, all the crews that won TOTALLY deserved it.
Just chilling, I'm
that stuff isn't bad at all!
D-Rob to closer, Soriano & Hughes do 7/8, find another arm besides Andy to start, leave Cano 3rd, Joe in hotseat now
You can have #BV more than once, and even #women who have not had sex can get
RT Our effort is not to get people in to the building, it's to get the Kingdom out on to the streets. -Bill Johnson
That was before the Cal loss, I believe. Lunardi had only 2 Pac-12 teams (Cal and UW). Gonna be awfully tough now...
who takes showers this late
": I will shoot you...a message when I get online."
“: He is jealous for me.” loves like a hurricane
Yea the crazy's the menace.
lol shut up!
I seriously can't keep fucking do this. It needs to stop. Its the worst timing too...
I feel like listenin to the carter 2
Time to go eat
It's hard enough getting a studio to produce your film, especially when the last one they did similar to it bombed at the box office.
Never Been one to Care what others thought about Me or How I live my Life! I'm different,I know that! But that's what makes me Me!
Driving around town today. Find me, scan me and see what I have to say!
In Internet Explorer, NVDA gets info straight from the DOM, since IE doesn't pass landmark info to the API.
Thank you :)
. Listening to the new South Memphis String Band album!
Fact- your everything you said you wasn't fuck.you for that
!!!!! RT I just can't wait to get home so tired
I just uttered this phrase "I'm colormunki-ing the crap out of that graphic." incredibly high praise.
You're not going to like this, bro. But, without any information, Dem women (and some men) vote for women automatically.
😥😢😥 I'll be home soon. We have to hang out this week.
lol oh nun
this could be an addiction....
A thousand times: WORD. I can't wait to see what the rest of the year brings.
hey i gtg, but i will ttyl. bye! ♥
T.G.I.F.! Head over to Friday's for #HappyHour from 4-7pm for all the best food and drink specials in town!
Can't wait til next so I Can have #middleschoolmemories and then cry about it
Over 700 members strong! What can we do to grow? More bacon? Yes, please.
Tonight Broncos Official #NFLDraft Party at The Tavern Downtown—The Denver Broncos new Nike Peyton Manning jersey's will be sold here...
it's delicious, even with sick taste buds.
Show still sucks though.
Who's running in the New HD46?
Happy birthday, !!!
like how did I even miss ten points on that fucking test
Wish I could get into these non federal holidays, but I just can't. I'm strange, I know.
" ...and then today I just stopped and said what if I don’t want to be a shoe, what if I want to be a purse"
#followfriday ...We're Back.
i just couldn't take it you're so motherfucking gorgeous
omg my uncle is bout to talk my head off
And a damn fine job it was.
Preciate it ;) Thanks a ton 4 the tour & hospitality!! RT : Good luck with construction!
True you once lived at 330 Rodney St in Williamsburg, apt 4? Not sure I believe my landlord...
thanks Mike!!
You're welcome to send in your questions for CoffeeTalk guest Jason Miles.We're ready to take your calls.
Now if Detroit could get rid of Kansas for me.
Wedding Planner - Stay in close touch with everyone in the wedding party & family with group text updates. www.zesmo.com
Restless Leg Syndrome is a choice.
wow its funny how u wanna try to treat somebody but u dont know how to spell o and by the way awkward is like that not like akward
looking forward to reading it!
mu wins, Brewer tickets purchased, got my keys to the new place
My friend dont think ICONIC Boyz r cool and all but when the come here they are all like"AH ICONic Boyz r here AH!!"
When them ghetto people turn their base on as high as they can and it vibrates what seems to be the whole city <<<
I'm usually at though. But you may bump into me tomorrow. Maybe...
Found out so much stuff about Dade. Apparently my tuition is going to free!
Think this q extends beyond just SM to all edu activities- we need common defs for what learning looks like on SM
Really happy to be playing The Chatham Fiddle Company in Cape Cod tomorrow night! Come on out if you're around!
new favorite store
School counselors--#NOSCA national conference is this Fri./Sat: "Destination Equity 2012: Charting Bright Futures for All Students."
great article.
Is is T-shirt time yet?
I don't know if it's my allergies, but I've been smelling weird things all day.
thanks barb!
hey good wbu ??
#OKC got this...
Fredonia never fails to show me a good time
Aw your mom looks so proud!!
RT : I wish I could wish my Mom Happy Mother's Day, but I can't.... she's gone. Never take Mom's for granted, you only get one.
Thx to for the Follows!
RT it may be speedy but it hasn't been good...“: I repeat: this is the speediest Oscar ceremony for, like, ever. #oscars”
Question: Why do girls go on a date and dress so sexy knowing it turns you on and know the man is gonna want you bad at the end of the night
Wet hair don't care.
Bitch suck dick
actually PBR warms the heart.
I miss you too babe :( congrats on your last tweet about being clean, so great!! 💜
Thanks for the follow, I will follow back
Definitely a tank top day..... Gonna be 75 where I am headed.... Delavan Lake ;)
Who are you jealous about? xD
danica patrick is sexy, im glad she in nascar she look so good in green firesuit! i hope she can go fast and finish in top 10 or 15
What a great turnout we are having for our Family Literacy Night. Literacy stations + pizza is a great combination.
The Summats, thanks for following!
I sure hope one day I will get noticed one day for my work! :D
You don't have to be a good runner, just an interesting one.
Dinner with Roger, SueAnn & Riley!
Let my people go!
Anyone who proposes we sell psychotic hallucinogens at gas stations & convenient stores is more than a little nuts! Do drugs?
Thanks! RT : Making (bacon) Jalapeño Rellenos ala for the Super Birthday Bowl Party.
I'm having an identity crisis :)
S/O 2 my Big Cousin Socz who sat me down & said shawty dis is a business!!! So since 12-31-11 I'am da CEO of *FrontLin3 Enterprises LLC*
Love it!
and Keith's beer?
Naw its changed ill em you
Did. Thanks
Green Bay lost, yes!
": I can be the biggest bitch, or I can be the sweetest girl. It all depends on how you treat me."
Lmao please don't call me that RT : I WOULD NEVER GET SMART WITH THE CRISTER!!!!
Saw you on the IdeaMensch LA article. Great interview. We would love to be a parter of ecomom!
Time to pick my princess up from school and have a date with a pepperoni #pizza. Everyone have a good afternoon.
Finished "Running Dog". Starting "The Moviegoer".
this working for a living sucks!
These past couple of possessions from the Clippers have Del Negro written all over them.
what chase?
I want to see Dark Shadows again lol. I also must see Snow White & the Huntsman, Argo,&Gangster Squad, the latter two based on true stories!
Hm. I dunno, Chuck Palahnuik seems to get away with it. Being totally fucked in the head I mean.
This lady just smacked me with her fur coat at the Book Thing
yes, when you want to criminalize something make it about protecting the public and/or kids. Marginalizes the opposition.
hey guys, is looking for a Title Company (preferably Investor friendly) in the Houston area. Can you recommend him one?
Had fun at the ball Sat and Sun. How have you been?
Paul Konigstein - Step 3: Check w/vendors to get estimates for upcoming costs (i.e., office equipment, insurance, etc.).
Pinterest is much cooler than fantasy football (fantasy football is lame)
How does a museum's social media personality impact your experience of visiting the museum?
I was called "passionate" at work today. Based on the email I sent that prompted that label, I don't know if it's good or bad.
Lebanon needs Justin
Pennsylvania one of top 5 movie producing states, along with Louisiana, Georgia, and north Carolina
This #Blazers offseason is going to be exciting! Wouldn't you agree?
one day a week of indulgence. Cracked thru to 174 this week!
Too freaking early
I am looking to connect with others who might be looking for a secondary income source. Would that be you? We are grwoing at 1% per day.
dont ever want to hear about how guys need to grow up anymore. girls are way worse, and its annoying as hell. petty little girls
&quot;Dancing with the Stars&quot;: Gavin DeGraw dances out of the ballroom - CBS News
oh okay, i assumed you were new because scramble told me you were a new addition linked to facebook yesterday
#AllHailAle No. 17: Black Snow IPA. Do we get extra bragging rights for brewing outside during snow flurries? They add flavor...
Imperfections make you beautifully unique
I suppose this is why they're unionized? (and sleeper cars are so expensive...?)
Omegle is fun. random conversation are exciting
Vampire Diaries Marathon. (;
just kicked in for the Haiti relief effort. looks and sounds like they need all the help they can get
And I got today off! :-)
Live demo time at #qsc2011 QualysGuard Policy Compliance
anyone planning on writing group today?
Agreed, for sure about Cooke. Upside is that you and I now have something to write about.
Brown skin you know I love your brown skin... I can't tell where yours begins I can't tell where mine begins <3
I love your handsome ass & thank you for that phone call you will always be my bestfriend. Im going to call you when I leave
I miss you to!!!:( I'm cuddling with Taylor's step daughter :) she keeps calling me mommy lol
I can't wait till I move out and go like in California.
Don't become rigid stern teacher. Let participants chat and interact with each other
I'm so excited! If you're able to make it you should definitely come say hi!
Yay! Murder by numbers with my sexy Ryan Gosling :-)
so, you're saying you don't like the picks then
Not close to fallin asleep to excited for the #Ku game but Im gonna need to get some sleep for all that alcohol I'll be consuming
Yep. EBSCO is down everywhere.
Yes. At least that's the goal.
HE'S JUST AFRAID THAT HE'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH US SO HE'S AVOIDING US ITS OK GREYGREYBOO I GET IT
Fact. RT : Garbage cans at the end of the drive through window..
On my bike ride in the haute, saw a highspeed pursuit in progress
Of course I would be!
Little Monsters, why stop now? Let's trend
I am so relieved to have my story on Haiti finished and that the publication loves it. Huge weight off my shoulders.
And Mindless behavior
CAUSE i GOT FREDDiE LAST NAME...
Good morning twitter
Got two amazing series (#crashbandicoot and #spyrothedragon) for free on Plus this month!
Solid masonry? Same as ours, but with much original horsehair plaster. Repairs aren't hard if you have a good handyman.
' lol _ did u erase that stupid heart?
Gon be a hot weekend in south Fla !!! Bred Winners Will Be In the Building!! Leeeeggggoooo!!
The book club I spoke to last night made a list of every food mentioned in BENT ROAD and then cooked most of them, even the dumplings. Yum.
You know what happens when you assume? Run around the house thinking your entire family has been abducted/murdered & they were on a walk...
Just saw John Leguizamo's one man show Ghetto Klown @ the Ricardo Montalban Theatre. It was a blast!! Funny, deep, touching and buck wild;-)
It's torture to smell good food being cooked when it's not yours. Ah!
I should sleep now.. but I'm not tired.
This is my LAST tweet from my iPhone 3GS!
when u coming Boston ma
I wish that I could erase all the pain he's caused me the last few months...I guess the good girl never wins :-/
Our McMenamins locations have event spaces available for your Holiday party. Call 503.492.2777 or visit www.mcmenamins.com for more info.
you made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter 🎧
used you guys to move, now have a ton of boxes, do you guys want them/suggestions for what to do with them?
thank you for the welcoming!
My brother doesn't clean his belly button.. #freak THAT'LL KEEP THE SKANKS AWAY!
I got some good people in my corner and I'm greatful for all of y'all 2 many to name
yes. Why?
Struggling with this Huffington Post article that took a dump on my independent study dreams.
. Hope iT Dnt Rain On Easter Mne !
yes that is what I do and I thought you was following me.xoxo :-)
Interesting. So, religions adopted the civil union as tradition, rather than other way around?
Just finished Tom King 1/2 marathon 2:02 better than last one but failed to reach goal of breaking 2hrs.
good morning my love, or good afternoon , whatever you want to call it(: hope you have a great day! <3 I love you.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.- Zig Ziglar
In another time, you'd get photos of Chuck Norris.
My neighbors <<<<<
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U! HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOANAAAA! HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 YOUU!! HAVE A MINDLESS BIRTHDAY! :D
Ain't it funny how that works?
What? cookies? and you didn't share? , what's up with that?
And now... the season finale of Josh Jackson: the college years.
Apparently bugzilla was lying in wait in my SHOWER this morning. Did all the bugs in VA take steroids this year?
what up my dude...u still killin em!!!!
How are you today? Eating any #EatWhileYaTweet (delicious and healthy) foods today?
ooh - oh nos. dare i ask?
That joke never dies
Why does Obama want to destroy this country??? www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Tonight, let's remember you only live once :)
"Flowers always make people better, happier, & more helpful; they are sunshine, food & medicine for the soul." -L Burbank. G'night, yogis.
Appreciate the anticipation for the Galaxy Tab 7.7. We'll be sure to share more news as we get it.
All people are born alike - except Republicans and Democrats. Groucho Marx
Talented and SMART!!!! Love listening to speak about important topics!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS, may they be filled with all you wish for.
Tonight will be bittersweet
Why is True Jackson VP trending? I remember that show...
Join for an event on #branding w/ on Nov 10th held RSVP Today. #Communication Students are #FREE!
MLBPA says no suspension as well.
stupid ass sister forgot flatirons . now my head looks crazy
We're young and in love. Heart attacks waiting to happen. So come a little closer. Tell me those three little words. #BMTH <3
Um, I think we may like for diff. reasons. I take it as a parody of sorts of the style of the so-called "author"
Former Major League catcher (and former Met) Paul Lo Duca doing an excellent job covering horse racing on TVG,
just got home not to long ago....
One thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who will have sought and found how to serve.
What if he doesn't change and isn't forced out?
because straightedge
Ha! I was just kidding. I may be crazy but I'm not stupid. Got her a 49ers shirt (she loves that team) a fridge magnét (she
Thanks for the RT! I was really just trying to help you out but I'll take a RT. :-)
Ah, that would be the obligation of celebrity weighing you down. Next year you're front row at the Golden Globes.
RT : I hear Brad PItt is scheduled for the keynote tonight at #fakeDevLearn (I hear he's coming with Jennifer Aniston!)
Aw :) Thanks! You must show me when you get here. By then I hope to have perfected the Momo cookies.
The whole house is shaking. Is this an Earthquake? In Wisconsin? Again?! WTF?!
The one benefit of rain in #NYC is sidewalks not smelling like pee for once.
should've enjoyed '08 a little more. Don't be greedy. Even the yankees missed the playoffs a few yrs ago.
although I will apologize cuz I pulled original info off of twitter, not researching. But blatantly incorrect? So 1fg att, wow
I'm gonna figure out a way to hook my wireless keyboard from my desktop to my iPhone
talk to
Did you know that you can paint brick and change the exterior of your home dramatically?
There's nothing I wouldn't do To hear your voice again.
Very upset about the salmonella outbreak in tuna in 20 states. I really like sushi and I guess I have to take a brief hiatus. :(
#sla2011 The UX caucus is off to a great start! Thanks SLA board!
rt "The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn." —Gloria Steinem
What happened to the indie festival that First Avenue was talking about putting on in Minneapolis?
just watched The Notebook.... wow, true love is amazing!
Say hi to Justin Bieber for me. Haha ;)
Watching part 1 of the season finale of #Awake. Oh, NBC you made such a big mistake in cancelling this show.
no bunny 0_o
good for them! Thx for the info.
Thursday's Wing Night!! All homemade sauces.. This weeks special sauce: Thai Peanut & Sesame!!
It's funny how ppl say I tweet disrespectful things nd act like they can't hit the unfollow button
Pretty sure the last time I won an allin in a WSOP bracelet event was AA > KK in 2006. Really. And I was badbeat out of that tourney anyway.
My back looks like I was attacked with a knife. Not to worry, just a drunk guy pushing me into shrubs. Effing hurts so bad!
Fiat just can't get it right
Weight Loss diet - Tips for Powerful weight loss
Get with it or get flown over
what you said!
This season.
