RT 276% Increase w/35 - 54 Demographic on Social Media within the past 6 months. Not just for teens and kids anymore.
Feel like I'm going to fail my exam tomorrow....maybe if I sleep on my book, my head will absorb the information...osmosis FTW!
Attitude: fuck it Shopping: pleasure :)
Brazil officially abolished slavery today in 1888 with the Lei Áurea ("Golden Law") signed by Isabel, Princess Imperial
There's start the day off good fam
taking off today :)
Yeah that fight needed to end already
I thought I was the only one who remembered that song!! I always just start randomly singing it all the time :p
Got a gold star for most improved mouth at the dentist today. Apparently it DOES pay off to do what they tell you!
RT Hello Twitter! And they said it would never happen. Oh wait, that was me. // SO happy to welcome our former cover girl.
theyre not :( they have a show in Michigan the next day
It'd be cool if someone retweeted me. At least to let me know my tweets are able to be retweeted.
IF YOU'RE A BELIEBER GO FOLLOW GO FOLLOW PLEASE GO ;D SHUE FOLLOW BACK
Holding 2 accessibility awareness sessions @ #PurdueCalumet this aft. to mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day
Don't be sad :( When you're sad, it makes me sad. Goodbye isn't forever. 💙 You'll see them soon! xo
you been mia have you seen the pictures?
“: Ron Paul becomes more appealing by laughing at the folly of everyone else.” I totally agree!
=QUESTION= What are you thankful for?
This week my work schedule drops from 45-50hrs per week to 30-35. I finally have time to do important things, like absolutely nothing.
Happy Oberon Day!
Is it too much to ask for every single fucking thing in the world ever right now?
"Rough" is a little strong lol. We like "intense" better.
..success! following a lovely evening with friends & family, our doors opened today for ONE WEEK ONLY. we've goodies galore - stop by!
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed - Mahatma Gandhi
Now expecting to board at 4:30...my bet is 6 for departure. At the earliest...
PENS ANNOUNCED THEIR PROMOTIONAL SCHEDULE. GARDEN GNOME. BEST. PROMOTION. EVER.
Who wants 2 go see avengers with me tonight?!
RT : Under our seats are popsicle sticks that inscribed with pieces of poetry that live on twitter.
fb for local #foodallergy help, like which grocery has wow butter. twitter if broader question
RT via #LASA2012 I just downloaded the new LASA iPhone app. Works like a charm. See you in San Fran at the end of May!
Good grief! The #Packers may give a 6th or 7th round pick to make #Tebow our #3 QB - As an owner, I boycott this idea!
Tickets for Ultraviolet Festival go on sale this Saturday, August 13th at 10AM!
Get that paper girl, cause i need some new J's..lol
you looked good on stage boo ;)
AND WE HAVE A WINNER!!!!!
- Well I had to let you know I was still alive.
Are talking about the same America? Everybody hates us and thinks we're overweight and stupid.
thanks! Enjoy your weekend.
Good thing in "building" (aka - ing) a table cause I need to hammer some shit!
This was less of an attempt to pretty-up my office, and more of a means to keep my cat out of my plants.
Whatever happened to Day 26???
Hanging out with the biggest loser tomorrow ,
so much respect for you girl! love you <3
... Meeting with Faith Evans about Brooklyn Mint production…(check)…Product launch with Misa Hilton (check…..Sleep……..
Ugh..gotta get ready for tomorrow..gotta get back to school. 😔😒. I wonder what i missed. 😏
you've tested the Verizon nexus, does battery... Suck too??
Amy looks so bad. Omg.
You locked both the cats in the bathroom. Sprite is traumatized.
I want Metric tix from
i just got so confused.
life is not a spectator sport.
what do you mean by that?
Just cut my Hunger Games shirt's sleeves it looks so cute <3
I go through phases like that. But no. Too prissy.
Sitting here dreaming up some hairstyles...
Diet & Exercise is the key to balancing our busy business & personal lives. Zonya Foco is with us today, giving us tips!
ALONE TIME....JUST THINKING....
I know I'm biased, but the bikini bootcamp is still my favorite workout.. just did it with a smile :)
ya kno tht pic has an "error" its "not found"
Hitting my BONG
I was reading Adelle Davis at that time and she was very critical of the food industry of that time and even before I was born
Some people just don't know when to quit.
Done! We need a model for the KISSpdx Flip practice shoot!
the only thing better would be if gossip girl was on ;)
RT : Did you know Mi Casa Su Casa in Reading, PA serves breakfast? Well they do - and it's good - and on the Corridor. Caliente
She does she will add who beg to add her ok she said she does she plays halo and cod the only M games she can play the restE T
"When we read things on tablets the fact that we're reading on a tablet will affect where it comes into us and what it means to us."
Heading to the program at after work today. Woot!
to #oomf = i like how we always kinda tlk to each other on twitter, without
on a song?? lol
Oh, I'm sorry. Am I not supposed to say things that show any sort of hint of depression or self-loathing or fear? I'll go back to lurking.
kinda wanna see the avengers I already know ur answer *stickstongueoutatyou*
RT Lie and claim u a street nigha from my city... Ima blast yo ass for tha fake that you are...☜☜☜ Uh oh!!!
Well done! Hope your 2010 apprehension record is equally fabulous. Congrats on a successful 2009.
it means their babied and given special treatment. I'm not a flyers fan either btw.
Ha! You'd be surprised... :)
regardless we can agree that was some scalding
On behalf of jazmine✨, saucy tweets :saucy was set to KITTAL-MI by electric power.
Isn't it weird that I don't really like birds in real life but I like to draw them. Of all the animals
3 days of high school soccer and I already want it to be club again
Now there's a man who can communicate in a normal, coherent manner :) *sigh
US Airways Makes Push for Potential Merger - Wall Street Journal
follow me please! :D
how have you been man?
#ToughCrowd made me laugh my head off and a big part of that was Patrice. You will be missed big man.
thanks for the RT, Allison. Which word would you pick? I'm still debating internally... Leaning towards "google" as a verb.
Doesn't all religions lead to God anyway?
RT": There are two choices in life, connect to Love or not. #ChooseWisely"
TY #fitbot makes fitness tracking as easy as sharing a pic! RT: motivates u to live a healthy lifestyle
... Monsieur Nicolas Sarkozy, Président de la République Française, Mr. David Cameron, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, ..... so on...
#SO to for playing the other half of today at UW Showcase :)
well its been forever. How you been?
Sliders ? Yuck! 5 guy, maybe... cc
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Any agreement that spouses can enter in a pre-nup agreement can also be done in a post-marital agreement.
I seriously can't wait to start working out again
I've seen a ton of sales...hope you can snag one!
My vow to give idiots up for Lent sure has cut down on the amount of Twitter and FB posts.
is porntrist still up?
Great Job #BigBlue!
#FF him, for making me laugh. Often! :D RT #FF because she still remembers the little people.
The Commercial with still gives me goosebumps
For those art friends who have not not check out I highly recommend it, really cool art + tech!
Hi Eric, just following up. Let me know if I can set up a quick demo for you. Thanks again!
Rush Limbaugh is a steaming pile of rancid excrement.
All of sudden prom is a subject to talk about xD
Great call, I am riding you bid dog....you are on fire!!!
lol I love the ipredict app it's so funny
hey do u know of any live concerts tonight
How is saturday night live gonna come on on Friday lol
You are a great competitor so it should be easy to work hard!
RT : More than 2.2 million Americans have this painless eye disease that is a leading cause of blindness in the US...
Yes, and it is Important to go.
RT RT : Everyone go and Check out our Grip TV at Gripmagonline.com
Curious about visiting #chile. Thought or recommendations?
idk Yet My Og tryna go to Myrtle Beach Now so it's one or the other
I always manage to get the machine next to the grunter who somehow sprays sweat on me from 5 feet away.
Currently drinking a Monster.
I don't need another friend like seriously i have enough..
man I know I'm grown but I don't wanna hear that ish!
I did it again.
Triple A is playing like a man on a mission. I love it.
And Syracuse's athletic department will add both baseball and men's hockey...
yo my bad bro. I'm on it
a girl at my church
even a second Blind Double date? Lol
Huh? I rep #CrewBudOnDeck Who da fuk R U? Roast away boy...
On our way to the Spartan Race!
Thank you to The Seattle Foundation and GiveBIG sponsors for another great online giving event!
Shipleys and Boy meets world
Wanted to say Thank You to all of you for following. I've been under the weather the last few days, but should be back to normal in a few
Says who?!
No, thank YOU, Alex for your great tweets. I got you on my new social media experts list for Twitter!
— Is this the right move where municipal water supplies are both scarce and waste water is recycled?
Back 2 reality tomorrow. Looking forward to the tornado simulation that and put together. Look 4 my stories Mon - Wed @ 10.
Please post your podcasts on itunes PPLLLLLEEEEEAASSEE!! I promise i'll listen to them.
I was choking on sweet tea and my sisters were just laughing and taking pictures. smh. -___-
new Elmore Leonard novel out, Raylan. looking forward to it!!
All dressed up this morning... Demo and shoveling plaster this afternoon. Life on Polish Hill is never boring.....
RT : The power of Whistle Blowers - DOJ Records $3B In False Claims Act Settlements, thanks largely to whistleblowers...
You're right! RT 2 be in good company -=) “: Today ... "similar to you" is
is the only one who I can actually talk to about anything. Love my close friend(:
Did you check AVS forum for general thoughts/reviews?
Who got a new cell phone for Christmas?! What did you get?
Has a reading Wednesday and then VACATION until August 31
You should always watch when you are shaking your ketchup onto your hotdog because when you don’t, it hits your husband.
Sybase 365 Enables Globe Telecom To Expand Its Ipx Connectivity Globally
Happy Mothers Day to all of the great Moms out there! May your day be filled with hugs, refrigerator art and Bloody Marys!
That "I can protect your babies" swag
I'm a mother fuckin 
Great talk by about how inspired her after watching the Olympics.
Thanks a lot and i'm looking forward to seeing you.
Always a good morning after a #Bulls win!
Join us tonight Saturday February 4th from 5-8pm at for the OPENING RECEPTION of "AFFECTION"!
Green Clean Tip of the day: Mix 1.6 oz of eucalyptus oil & 1Ltr of water. Shake well and use as you would a store bought disinfectant.
have you tried the Spicy sandwich yet?!
On This Day: May 11, 1647, Peter Stuyvesant arrived in New Amsterdam to become governor.
In the home stretch of mixing/mastering 4 my forthcoming holiday CD "Christmas Time Is Here (and Chanukah and the Solstice)"! Deep ears time
okay I'll inbox it to you on Facebook when I get back to my room in few!
The University of California, Santa Barbara&#39;s independent, student-run newspaper.
Hey Presente, I'm a former contributing illustrator, much love to yall!
as long as you can figure it out...why not? $$ now & $$ later
Desperately need to get off campus. Heading to Panera for a large cup of coffee and some peace & quiet.
had a gr8 time in my hometown. But I count 6 blue blazers (1 w/brass buttons) I airport bar.
hey umm i am coming over within the next cpl of days though
Use social media to CAUSE measurable action.
Getting my nails done for tonight! ;)
I told Iman it was Martin Luther King's birthday. She said "O... Is he really a king." I said no he's not the king...she's 5,
DS: Jim Caldwell is our new Offensive Assistant/Quarterbacks Coach
Can't wait to hear the album. You're a truly gifted songwriter!! We'd love to play a show with u out here soon if you're into it!
RT : And folks that's why Soccer is the greatest sport on earth.
The ducks have not lost at the Pepsi center since 2008
Great! I'll take a look. Thanks. Sorry I didn't know.
R/T for my 7,000th tweet !
I just want a job for the summer.
Shout out to and for showing love last night...
Finally, a nice day in Chicago
more of an aspiration.
Wow dustin way to quit track.... ~Devin.Anne<3
Super pumped for Michael and Amanda's wedding today!
I love you Whitney Houston & I will miss you<3
If it's not a hell yes, it's a hell no. - Jeanna Gabellini
Because this is really a horribly played game on the Clippers' part.
what rain? Not raining in God's country of Great Neck!
:( I couldn't get in to see it. Have a good show...I'll have to see the video!
Just drove past what looked like a dug-up casket resting on a trailer behind a parked pickup outside of an appartment complex. Weird stuff.
u guys are all amazing! thanks for 2,800 followers today. love u guys. be on tomorrow ! #noschool #GOODNIGHT <3
If you're lucky enough to be Irish, then you're lucky enough. Irish proverb.
Hittin the gym !
If you guys win I hope Arsenal finish 4th and Chelsea winning is what pushes them off the last spot. It would make my year!
There's a young, attractive woman begging for money in front of a Target that's hiring.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Mentadent Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Thank you!
Yes m'am it did! Totally crazy. Everyone was super sweet though. Khadijah was worried the baby was going to slip out. So cute!
: we love your images. Good work :)
"That’s Bowie/For you: the Pope of Pop, coy as Christ. Like a play/Within a play, he’s trademarked twice." Tracy K. Smith, '12 pulitzer poet
CAUSE I WONT HAVE IT, IM NOT HANGING UP, WHAT YOU NEED, IS RIGHT HERE AT YOUR FINGERTIPS GIRL JUST DIAL 323-786-9201
calls Bieberconda Jerry :) Thats the sweetest thing hahaha,wonder what Pattie thinks about that.
At Crossroads w/ & come play...
Y'all bet not sleep on tha Dallas Mavs babe....bring it home boys:-) TRIPLE D BABE n my Big Chief voice
Appreciate the insights!
MT : Hello Virginia! Watch World Peace + Other 4th Grade Achievements tonight at 10:00pm: WCVE #Richmond + WHTJ
Thank you for the RT: : Destination ImagiNation | "to learn & experience creativity, teamwork & problem solving...
Thanks for following!
I'm not liking your attitude ahahaha
Maybe it's me. Lol
expert reviews from (check out the waterproof shuffle??)
I wish my mom did then I wouldn't be causing this world so much pain >;-)
At CEO Roundtable dinner w/ Bob Taylor founder & president of Taylor Guitars. World-class guitar maker & great San Diego company!
Gonna go to IDA Hollywood today for a class! ( ;
So glad you found a logo you loved, Patty! Our team really enjoys working on the brand.
Thanks for the tip Bill. Best in the New Year.
#MarchMadness is back in action tonight. Are any of your picks still in it to win it?
I have Ashley's car at work today. What does that mean? BANH MI LUNCH HELL YEAH
how is it?
IN THE STUDIO RECORDIN THE GREEN PILL MIXTAPE
Just had a blast in Pvegas! Off to watertucky to spend quality time w those I love the most.
what up doe? Im in the builin' and im feelin myself
Wait, you have pants on? Maybe that's why.
Leave all your love and your longing behind you, Can't carry it with you if you want to survive. #movin'&groovin'
at least someone's not hating on Lebron
Info? RT : Getting some interesting inquiries about the Truth or Dare Speed Dating event on Mar 16. Will you be there?
World Riddles: Secrets of the Ages: This time you will be learning the secrets of the Seven Great Civilizations. ...
S/O to for still not following me!
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.
Flying is hours and hours of boredom sprinkled with a few seconds of sheer terror. Pappy Boyington, WWII pilot
I describe myself as large enough to not tickle but small enough to not wake you up.
Haha karen just told our teacher a very dirty joke ... Our teacher laughed ahahahahaha
16th Amend, great - did they rule it a direct or indirect tax?
Yep…you'll be sending a crew to H ST if was bad!! #situation rt “: you better hope it was good!”
How late is the card suite open today ? Gotta go card it up!
yep. I'm defiantly cheering for my Caps :)
LOL! And I thought it was "Karen Wright"
When my brother takes a twenty mintue shit and makes me late to the gym <
Looking for a place to preform :) any suggestions???
Yea yeah ima see you later on droski RT : I'm so done w today! We'll try this again another day!
LeBron says he had 'nerve-racking' cancer scare - Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James tells espn
Happy Easter...CHOOSE TO REJOICE!!!
I haven't been on tumblr in about 2 days. My inner hipster is having withdrawals.
I have to wake up early tomarrow ..haha let's see how that's gonna work out
I ain't on nobodys jock. you right bout that fan statement. lets blow this up. Where u at. on or off?!?
Please join us in welcoming to twitter. Follow them for career tips and general library & info science news
stick pipecleaners in them so they stick up weird.
hah aww that is too cute!! That's a rednose!!
Omg I'm up so early! Last night was fun now it's time to worship god!
It's a beautiful day in Atlanta. Come on OUT & enjoy the New Year's Savings on Everything in the Bookstore. Dbl Punch Drink of the Day:...
OUHGFDBVKGHDJGFB IM SO HAPPY
...when the shoes you want don't come in your size. If you really really want them, you'll make your foot the size of the shoe.
gd that was f ing funny
triple h
im hungry, and its not even 5th period yet
Not loving the new buttons on the left. When I click on them I can't see the bottom of the message without zooming out my browser.
I'm reading 's #RecordCollecting4Girls and I'm loving loving loving it!
The iconic boyz are sexzy and we all know it
Short #CV council agenda Tuesday: 8 items, all on consent.
What makes you passionate about the possibilities for a hemp economy?
I think it's sorta meta I'm nostalgic for an earlier, simpler time when The Wonder Years was on TV
are playing a FREE SHOW tonight at The Basement in Northhampton, MA ... 8PM ... Be there.
No worries. I blame my eyes, not you guys. :)
Hey whats sup my homies, i just wanted too let u no that i love u guys who followed me!!! :)
Its amazing how someone can break your heart and yet you still love them with every broken piece
It's Miller Time!!!!
oh no. What happened?
Just seen the Hottest woman at the gym, and she's a massage therapist! (Hot dam)
There are not enough resources to catch the criminals. Maybe the money will go to solutions to catch the criminals.
Not happy that the taxpayers funded a superbowl commercial.
I always miss your tweet attacks. :[ Well, all I wish for is a follow from you & no need for a reply. :)
Twisted Thursday
practical, succinct articles on leadership in latest newsletter. Well done!
The greatest adventure of her life. Because the last time wasn't.
I finally got to watch play in the playoffs in today's game, he's the best
Never thought stars could be so bright from downtown - except for airport, the Fed Pen, a few stairways, it is dark!
#NF u back
lol for real that's it.
Thinking of starting a 90 day weight loss challenge! Stay tuned for more deets!
count on it boobear!!!! I can't wait to see you!
Mine keeps auto-correcting to "caramel corn," which is weird because I hate county fairs.
RT : You know you're a douchebag when: you use "You're old" as an insult.
One Direction sold out MSG in less than a minute. Take that, Justin Bieber.
Celebrating the 2011 year with the Farmington #Jaycees congrats top your successes, and best of luck in 2012!
Cannot wait to see and in two days
lol she tweeted last time i had a boring day like this so maybe il get lucky and get a follow to 
Haha just getting warmed up! “: "was wondering when your bball tweets would start!”
RT: : Want FREE tickets to BECKY SHAW? RT any of our reviews, videos, etc. & we'll give you a pair for Sunday night ! RT!
I am amazed at how messy my work bench can get in such a short amount of time.
Its not even the same no more
Great tool! How can I use this in a Team-Competition Review Game in 7th grade? Any suggestions?
mon all or oh?
LUCKY U!!!!!! I was in a mock trial competition against loyola.... Hahahahahahaa DO I HAVE STORIES FOR U!!
Happy St. Patricks Day! If your looking for something to do, we have a music showcase at All Asia 334 Mass Ave Cambridge. $5 cover
& today was the day we went o valley fair & mall of America & it was such an amazing day I blew all my money on shopping
10% off sale with code: TENOFF! Hurry ends in a few days!
Good Morning from Lapel
RIP to Rudy Gonzalez Quevedo
What do we do? We find people who want to help children in Zambia succeed & we provide opportunities to support through financial donations.
Quickster should buy it! Ha! Lol
THis for reaL niggas only
- ready for the convo this weekend...?
Thanks to u crazies for coming to the rock show last night at It was crazy. was crazy. = crazy. Woo
Why twitter tripping
You're most welcome! Great! Thank you for reading!!!!
bruh the struggle is real out here forreal my nigga
Hi Mary - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, not following you too!
Are we in a tech bubble?
Successful girls day :) now work 430 till 830/9ish? 💰💰
Rain Rain go away, come back on some other Convention day...oh well, better than 10 inches of snow today?
Good Luck to Coach Calipari as he makes a run at a record setting 3rd vacated Final Four!
Its last longer when your making love
awesome! where is this?
Hi Trish. I envy you. So hot and humid here. No rain near me.
RT : Next #auddev chat. Friday 9/16, Noon ET. Topic: younger audiences w/ Connie of & .
Cedarcrest Drill Team won 3rd place at competition in Everett today. Go Red Wolves!
GL at the hottest table in the room today.
My earliest memory: my parents installing software on a 30MB hard drive the night they brought home a new Mac Plus.
Just singed up for a playwriting intensive in Madison. Super excited. Super broke.
Now on to Lewis 09 Mason's Cabernet. Being in advertising/PR, can't wait for Super Bowl commercials!
Terrible. Try not to let anyone get you out you character.
oh no! why no bracelet? p.s. can you please email me your mailing address?
No jail time will occur as a result tho don't worry! Lol!
how many classes we going to have together next semester?
Happy mother's day
Balboa Park Dec Nights Mobl website traffic=30% of all traffic/was up 140% over 2011-(IOS (phone/pad/pod) up 4%+Android up 2%)=99%of traffic
Thank you for the kind words!
what is your email address?
Why are the John Casablanca ppl calling me?!
read your answer: A-frickin'-men to that...just a bit too metro for me. ROFLMFAO!!! thanks TRacy
Thanks for stopping by, it was awesome to see you!
Going home to get my bike when I go to lunch, would be nice after work if I could shoot some ball...who down?
War Pigs! Can't believe Black Sabbath is trending
Shopping day today.
My girl has such a beautiful heart. <3
We hate liars and hypocrites so do us a favor and just don't be one.
A HUGE shout-out tonight to Mark Johnson, buyer specialist, on his first closing with Lake & City Homes Realty. Congratulations, Mark!!
annual report... AT THE PRINTER!!!! who wants to celebrate?!? ME!!!
Our hearts are influenced by the Spirit of God or the spirit of the devil. Which spirit we hearken to is seen through our actions.
oh wow there are just certain things you dont do and THATS ONE OF THEM leave the pain OUT
Thanks buddy!
Took a nap, in the sauna, at the gym in my office today. So much better than your average lunch
It's hard to escape the rabbit hole when you cross the border of trying to consciously reprogram parts of this dream... and realize you can!
my votes are in!
let's go #NYR freaking out!
Everybody shoots well over Battier
hahaha. Too cold
Join our Baby Basics Workshop today at 12:30p.m. at the Georgia King Village location. Call (973) 621-2241 to register!
me late vamos!
Got three awesome new assignments today. Blushing with excitement.
you might call it junkin...I call it thriftin. Thriftin big time up in this giving season. What.
thanks for the nice words, we love to meet new fans!
Movers are here!
Ol skinny ass
no it's really not! Well I hope to get to stay for at least that!
Seriously, if you have cable, go to TBS and effin' hit "Start Over" right the hell now for Bacon Man. If not I'll post it tomorrow.
OUT festival here in Philly Oct 9th.
finally at the Sleep Inn in Travelers Rest. Why am I typing into this thing instead of z?
Happy Friday!
agreed! Love the almond too.
i follow you on the court!
gettin work done! Hard work will pay off :)
a "lil" someone else should have went home.....
Gary, you are gonna finish your dessert, and you are gonna like it! - SpongeBob (SpongeBob SquarePants)
Today on - Co-managers & with re: January 18th event
where at!
wow! nice dining room!
A good day for who proclaims "your pizza is free today"
I know it's only Tuesday, but I'm #excited: tune in FRIDAY for Episode 6 & see why it's my (and Florence's) fave.
Sunday 9am or bust! It's cheating to watch it at any other time. Just not the same!
lol yea I do .
"But I'm probably thinking of this from a selfish perspective." By "probably" he means "definitely."
Talk like a pirate day on September 19...Arrrrrrrrrrrrg Matey!
Going to see Kylie Minogue at Hollywood Bowl ! Great tickets. I have been waiting so long to see her. So happy*
Why would I be partying in a bra and fishnets 😳
of I can get ahold f a working shower I'll go!
looking forward to see you in my living room this fall!
BEOs, check! Look forward to moving in to The Ritz-Carlton, Half Moon Bay for an extended stay next Friday!
I took a few days off bc I was feeling anti-social & lazy. Also, I was consumed with watching seasons 1 - 4 of Eureka.
I use the words "I AM" when setting my intentions. I visualize myself as if it's already happened. I AM ABUNDANT. Then I take action.
follow sullivanstpress and we can message you. thx.
S/o to for keepin it 100 with me!!
working on it.
Jus gt through hoopin we won both of our games
Nope. LIke I said, we're just discussing the worst companies in America and your team tops the list. Congrats!
Thanks for stopping by last week!
Explain to me how our pets have better healthcare than 80% of the rest of the earth's population?
Black. Yes. Common Sense. Yes. Raised right. Hell yeah. Wouldn't have it any other way.
Nothing quite like the Friday-at-five stress out. Nor the resultant happy hour, I guess
the internet has many great things, and that is one of them.
Junior pitcher Melanie Mitchell (18-12, 1.43 ERA) throwing today vs. George Mason.
That's awesome! Did you use a program or designed it yourself?
This man is one of THE funniest people I know!! This txt he just sent!!! I can't deal!! Hahahaha!
Is It Juss Me Or Does Get Bomber && Bomber Everyday??? IKnow It's Not A Word But That's The Only Word That Can Describe Him <3
Great conference. Thx! RT : #COFLA That's a wrap! See you next April at #COFCHI - stay tuned for more blogs over next couple of days
The first beat I ever got down on was a beat around 98'. I'm old den a mug without funds. It's all g tho watch me this year
nice photo...how are u?
Woo just watched the Rangers win in Baltimore
where's bj?
OMFG. YES. YOU HAVE TO. :D
no, wish i was.. mega expensive for tickets..
Goodnight tweeters :)
As the sun sinks below the western horizon, i want to wish you and your mommy a happy pesach !
Brian Williams' report last night on NBC about the killing of bin Laden sure to be a classic.
Have a great day or sleep well wherever you are on this amazing planet that has been given to us. Lets keep it clean.
Hoff with an RBI single with the bases loaded and one out to cut into ULL's lead, 5-1.
That was an amazing show today (: #SandersSunday <21 Love you Peyton !
we were just talking yesterday about how we want a lard-free jiffy corn muffin!
Another Sunday at my "day job" The good thing is I'm not interrupted. I'm working on some web design.
It's funny how everything in life you try not to be, sometimes you become. Doesn't mean you are going backwards. Experience guides ur future
haha go get one!
#ForeverJealous I've tried so hard!
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, I think your sexy, so have my babies?
25! very respectable. how was the terrain?
RT : Q3) In corporate environments, Learning on Demand rarely goes through the L&D group.
I stayed at a really nice, really fancy hotel this weekend. The towels were so thick I could hardly get my suitcase shut.
BUT I can do the weekend before you guys leave or the weekend after I get back. Thoughts? Comments? Concerns?
My line Dead azz fuck Hit my line if u wnt to 4142180555
ima CRy bc yhur truly talented !!!! And yhu was born to be somebody ! 😊❤
After years to trying to figure out women, I'm giving up and moving on to a much simpler subject. Quantum physics.
Contentment doesn't come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of fulfillment after the achievement of a complicated job.
followed hun{:!!! ha'
#Sucks RT : I don't know why I get so protective and jealous over you when you're not even mine.
Our books showed up today
kick ass master copy.
Stagecoach fashion: Girls - fringe, bathing suits and cowboy boots. Guys - jeans, no shirt.
Good luck on your interview!
well she better anounce soon. I want those shoes and the tiger shirt and skirt
good to see you are back in town
Shocking ending to tonight's Game of Throne's episode. A tragic end for my favorite character Eddard "Ned" Stark portrayed by Sean Bean.
it's always fun hanging with you! Scott's candid thoughts were great - it was a really great event. C u at
chicago is cool.
Thank you Martin Luther King Jr. from the BR team!
I like Dwell! Their duvets are $$$, but they have good sales.
Scott Plondke has stepped down as the head basketball coach at Fennimore High School.
sure but you take the risk of a reaction, and many times it will stop what the medicine is trying to help with. Best to not
Ha. He said, "I don't read any of my clips." RT #Schlauderaff should be hashtag just like
I need more friends like Talia and the Arise group. Then, I think I'll finally be happy
Agreed. I need to tell you about a new guy. Sigh.
WE go to Mars to create and find new life and a new start, something most of us can relate to. To find the beauty of Earth on Mars
even better
ADD VALUE: All great professionals. Thanks for the shout out!
We loved having at our West Suburban location this morning to test out TRX!
no she has been watching Lady Gaga getting inspired by her!!
The toothfairy teaches children that they can sale body parts for money.
will do!
yes but not the Sebastian mega can.
Yay! meh wedding photographer friend! Got your cute thank you in the mail!
you will see them on the first day of class :)
Ppl r so gullible.. Like legit they believe everything everyone says &it's dumb af!
pop yr teeth back in and get some sunshine I am like an old man, my bad leg propped up--rainy weather gets it every time.
“: Nate sounds good on the radio, good color guy” AGREED
I love the battery life on my iPhone. My goodness, it lasts all day. :)
hey ariana! Hope you're having a lovely day. :]
In the 70’s John and Yoko walked right by me on 57th St. staring at me, after I averted my eyes so as not to appear as if I were star gazing
what is your contact email address? I want to talk with you about our product
Those look great! thanks for sharing - great use of texture.
I am proud of you. Congratulations on your continuing success.
The Lacey Transportation Committee has only met twice this year, yet at election time they pandor and say they are for fixing our trans woes
I would not have guessed you began in the Midwest.
This feels like a good day for naps. Not thinking they will allow it tho.
Cmon you redmen! Our season may be all bit lost, but I still want three points!
I just don't understand the appeal of Pinterest.
I have never had a mint julep.
Finally the weekend!
the "reply all" faux pas goes from email to SMS/twitter! Thanks for the laugh, Jim!
Featured cleanse 4 today is the Tiao Fe cleanse. 15 day program (can be done for 7 or condensed). FREE SHIPPING 4 orders placed by 2/6. $42
Well you got what was coming then. HA HA. Just kidding.
Not sure if wants to see a picture of me shooting an M203 grenade launcher... Oh well, dad would!
DM... sorry took so long, just saw it
They long to be close to you!
well, suits are the shit too
send us your BTK fan photos!! or www.myspace.com/beheadthyking
yeah but if I post it on facebook and twitter people will finally like me! Right?!
Sorry about the flood! Any consolation - I multi-task EXCLUSIVELY and fail spectacularly!(As my wife reminds me)
I survived the #sexperv date. He might have winked once or twice though. ;)
happy to hear you enjoyed it!
we may live our lives a little slower, but that don't mean I wouldn't be proud to show ya, where I come from.
"The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves."
"An honest man is always a child." - Socrates
Back in Austin & hangin out w/my brother He's got me laughin so hard at the stuff he does & says!
that was hilarious
NEW GATE HOURS @ CROWN HILL: 38th St. & Clarendon Rd. gate closes @ 6 pm; 34th St. & Boulevard Pl. stone gate will continue to close at 5pm.
The rest of this tournament may show that was the second-best team in the country this year.
Be careful not to eat too much today! Tomorrow is the first day you can get delivered to you!
It occurs to me that with over 50 space tweeps attending & touring the CTV, none actually *used* the on-board potty. Good Job!
did he really laugh? Lol
I KNOW): I looked for him too and couldn't find him
What if a penguin ate a whale...wait that's not right xD
sure follow me too :D
Run well, !
yea I miss my fellas.. Just not the 2 dummys in charge lol
That awkward moment where you thought he was cute til he opened his mouth to reveal a neanderthal smile.... Ugh!
same here :)
You only live once that's the motto. YOLO
looking forward to secret wine party!
Weeding out all the "Life Coaches", "Marketing Gurus", "Internet Businesses" and others. Buh Bye
Word! . . . Can't believe how close I am to graduating
This movie always pisses me off..
$28-$45 depending on the style and color :)
I needed to hear that. Now im bout to get fierce:-)
Do it...do it..do it. Then you can celebrate with Rockies beer for suckers like me stuck at work
:D me and lovee period cups(;
Our Grandma is obsessed with Elvis , Our Mother is obsessed with Michael Jackson , And WE obsessed with .
#VenezuelaEsloMejorDelMundo Oh Yeah Babe!
keep calm and be a
Brewing Beer Today!
#itshardwhen you thank u can trust him
We eagerly await the arrival of LBJ Library's copy, order went in yesterday. So glad the applicability is no longer debated.
just wondering!! What color hair does she have?? Eyes? Height?
My day>
On the way to NYC
Oh, you know I will. I feel that I have many more journeys ahead as my children age. The youngest needs to get to 5.
Indeed, baseball is humbling.
please follow back!!♥ xoxo
Attn: --> RT DNC super PACs are calling the next fundraising push a "Super-O-Rama for President Obama"? Verifying...
#happy Easter he has risen church was lovely
shock top cans...my life is complete
You will be remembered by the photographs you have taken, not by the equipment you used...
It was an epic week in NYC with DJ Evo spinning three gigs with me.
i feel so sick omfg
what's the origin of that expression?
That "foul" on Paul George may go down as the weakest call in NBA playoff history.
Bulls win!!!
Thanks for all of the #CRE mentions last week - !
Women's Yellow Pages , distributed throughout Southwest Pa, digital version @ www.womensindependentpress.com
Thnx for giving MKE a try. We are smaller, but hopefully you found us more convenient than ORD. Hope to see you again soon!
All white true's .... All white 1's (type) I'm on 1
Trader Joe's strawberry licorice is my stress-eating poison.
Parsley is like black pepper—so ubiquitous we forget how good it actually is.
culvers is the tits! Wish we had them in FL
How Andreessen Horowitz Bunted on an Instagram Investment - New York Times (blog)
« Mo Hayder wins the Edgar award for Best Novel!!! #edgars»
LA --> DC. Thanks for being great hosts Octagon First Call team LA.
Austin mahone loves his haters!
thanks! Can't wait to join you!
diddo 😜 you're not the first person to tell us this 😂
Thanks! I got a long ways to go to catch up to you tho. lol
thank YOU torsten!! what a fantastic moment
Celebrating a #kickbutt workout with a few #fabulous glasses of wine. #chillaxin :-)
Marquette has to settle down ... they're all over the place ... its still early though.
We're fine here at WPH. Avoid the other side of campus, but Alumni Park, Bovard are fine.
Thanks for the add, Hope to see you soon!
oh she think I'm playing lol
Than you for following me on twitter!
RT : unexpected effect of moving to short username is that am now regularly confused with Shorty Da Prince and Mexican news org SDP.
its kassie my phone died ... im sorry about that , i also have grandpas dying .. two actually ...
hi shervin i am an american filmmaker in benghazi organizing a music festival for feb 21st and fundraiser for hospitals
thank u =]
Excited for my trip to NYC! Winter in the city and holiday decorations down Fifth Avenue!
Starting #Insanity. Again. Wish me luck !
unicorns cant fly
Lovely seeing you tonight! Go O's
Peterson camp is investigating these erroneous claims; They called for the test (Olympic Style).
RT Again folks, curious to know what wines pair well with the Super Bowl?
Now Sean Fitzmaurice "Conversations w/ #Autism along w/ Eden School
Marshmallow peeps for breakfast.
I'm really liking YMCA motto caring, responsibility, honesty, faith, respect wow its gotta be apart of my daily routine
It's a 5k, at this point that's as far as I run.
The only good thing ab school this week is its my last week then summer..... Then my SENIOR year! :)
I realized that I miss being in love .. its one of those things
Should I vote for Mourdock or Lugar tomorrow?
you guessed right! I listen and play music. I am also involved with personal streaming radio Soundtracker.fm.
Thanks for the follow!
Start by writing "well", that will help. See what happens when you let an instructor follow you?
so Saturday it is, Robert RSVP us get us a patio table at
When I say my trust level is so intolerant BOY lol I dnt trust nbdy
going library early in the morning tomorrow!
I hate when black people calls gay ppl fags but go in an uproar when their called the N word
Want to get involved for the holidays??? Host your own mini drive! E-mail: .
Roger that! RT : I'd totally be up for
Let's return the Virginia State Senate to a Republican Majority Vote #GOP on
Hey - I had a blast doing some shifts in the #Boise area. When can I expect more to become available?
I might have to agree!
what metal band starting with an "a" did you like?
All color bitches fucks with me lol
Take a picture with the other Big Ben from across the pond
Hebrews 12:1-4. I have no idea what the verse even is but I had to tweet you about this.
silly humans and your "socialization"
If sharing knowledge, you have to make your audience know or care about your issue or believe it is one
thanks for a great #PearsonCITE and the future of #openclass is looking very promising.
This week is the last week for Youth Competition registration! Encourage our young artists to enter at www.ghartwalk.com!
im good you?
See #Stuy Alum in now! He also stars in #Glee as Wes in the Dalton Warblers.
your site is nice yo
I read you like I wrote you myself. Goodnight/Morning SA
... where a new installment must be released every 12 months, regardless of how good it is.
Ready to hit this road long drive
Drawing offensive fouls is the least offensive part of Hollins' game. Go #Cavs!
not exactly. I would have welcomed a nihilistic, no matter what you do it ends this way, meaninglessly, end.
Um - glad to hear it? (the cheering up part is both gratifying and deeply weird. although I completely get it.) Cheers, anyway!
i wish i had a british accent... :/
hope is pro gay marriage tomorrow, or David Gregory is going to have a bad day at Emerson's commencement Monday.
Friday night glass of #HopSlam at #RumpusRoom. Found it oddly disappointing. Has #GreatLakesBrewing #ErieMonster taken over my taste buds?
I've been following you on twitter and your career on twiter. Congrats on the callup your a class act on and off the field. Enjoy
Brrrr...Winter has finally arrived in Charlottesville! Stop on in for a specialty beverage or hot cup of soup to warm up on this cold day!
If you have a specific style or color in mind, don't worry- we also make custom fixtures. You dream it, we make it!
I think Casey Anthony should of gotten a death sentence because who knows how the little girl would be when she grows up :-(
hey has anyone heard the new song by i luv it i will put it up in a sec
if u say so lol
my condolences.
I'm up for a beach picture! Probably will happen this June after I finish school.
The Blue Lagoon! Best bathtub ever.
Hey I heard you were a wild one ;)
Getting ready for the BWJO holiday show tonight at the Jazz Kitchen! Two sets at 6:00 and 8:30!
Such a cheerful #HumpDay today in the city! Loving the sunshine
What's up EVERYBODY!!!! :)
A dam way to wreck a houseboat - Pekin Daily Times
32 days #alcoholfree feels good to not need a drink
lol no, you can do that. You got an amex
Would u list players twitter acct's and FB pg's in your program 2 encourage engagement?
Every time a kicker gets the football through the opposing teams uprights during a kickoff, he should be rewarded with a touchback to the 10
Time to go more Xmas shoppingg ( :
iight then good so we want have 2 hear his mouth....lol ;)
Let's get schwasted and just... f*(D*It. Jersey Shore folk dialogue. lol
RAY BAN ON MY EYE
Be with me, live with me, make plans with me... Don't love me.
Tie-Dye begins in half an hour in the Aerobics Room. Dye a Siblings Weekend t-shirt (if you pre-ordered) or bring one of your own!
Join the Revolution!
thanks! you're awesome!
Ew this guys toe nails are mutha effin long. I think im gunna throw up.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is running a temperature. He insists he will address the New York Peace Society this afternoon.
Lyfe Jennings - Must Be Nice
Subway for lunch!
Is it soy free?
TYVM. My Family is all safe. IDK about some friends. Please Pray 4 all There. The town has been destroyed
currently home!
Witness against ex-cop accused of sexually assaulting women tearfully testifies she wishes more was done to stop him earlier
Activate the #Snowture alert! Thanks for the heads up
You know when I first read Heather I thought you somehow got a hold of Heather Morris. When'd you change your name again?
fine..one season he was bad, the other he was hurt, wasn't he? 2 bad seasons xD
We dont make mistakes here, we just have happy accidents.
Your lame.
$4.67 in the bank. I wish work would finally pay my damned back wages
Tin Pan South week ROCKED OUR SOCKS! We had so much fun! My favorite - Ruth Collins, Hillary Lindsey, Paul Overstreet... aww heck, Everyone!
That would be really cool!
Hey Nicole, thanks for letting us know about your recent visit. I've passed your comments on to management there.
time to switch to a Mac.
me tool!
#SteelerNation Pouncey will be on those Rookies day one! He's the anchor, leader & heart of the OL! Watch out this year!
Sometimes I forget how good DWade really is...sweet bank shot!
I can't understand the words there saying
This month alone, 10,000+ unique listeners have tuned in to Simmons College Radio. Thank you! We could not have done this without you!
Is fringe back? Cuz if so...I call bullshit...I lived through that nightmare already.
Today's market is the just reward for false hopes in the recovery that never happened except in the minds of the talking heads
...require the money and effort that any expansion of athletics would take. All the need to do is properly administer the dept.
gross ;p
Only for 7$ RT : “: Come and put ya name on it, ya name on it...and it's not even my birthday!” gay
#YouKnowYou'reADirectioner when you say I have to take a nando instead of poop.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Looking forward to seeing this month! It's been almost two years.
Thanks, friends! :)
A smile is a language that even a baby understands. ~Unknown
“To God all things are beautiful, good, and right; human beings, on the other hand, deem some things right and others wrong." -Heraclitus
This just in: topknots+ beards = incredible.
Today's working mom dead giveaway: only bandaid I could find was tinkerbell.
Find BrewDog at the Jug Shop www.thejugshop.com and at City Beer www.citybeerstore.com in San Francisco. Coming to bars soon.
Going to my moms house to make sure my brothers don't do anything bad while she is out. That means I get to play pokemon on the wii
How about Curry Dogs?
....&Believe the world can change 1 day at a time
Good anit good enough
Why do cats only feel at peace when their sphincters are touching your forearm?
Did I get your attention on my son?
How about ? That's regional.... Is it cheesey to like Javiers?? Plastic is interesting. :)
Hamels is our best batter lately.
Although the maple icing is enticing, Duck Donuts doesn't hold a candle to
Christy is here from to take #homeless community members to the Wilson Bldg rally against budget cuts for social services!
Finally saw New Years Eve. According to our cab driver, we are 7 days too late.
like sit the fuck down bra. You don't know what you're saying.
Esta Noche Live rocked the Event Center last night!!! Thank you to all who performed and contributed
All iPhone books are checked out of the UW Library, so picked up a dust-soaked tome on Objective-C for NeXTSTEP. What could go wrong?
excitement...updating the site for machine quilters with new blog, interviews and help for , check it out www.sallyterry.com
Lord knows I don't feel like getting fancy tonight
I am so sad that the walking dead will not return until the fall
Wasn't that that made those?
Mezza food is fantastic, but the service ba-lows. Jesus.
love seeing tweets with good news! yeah!
Everybody Bashing My #Knicks For Not Contacting #PhilJackson Chill Out Its Plenty Time To Contact Him. If We Dont He Must Not Be Interested.
thanks for letting me know you had a twitter account.
RT : SET never disapoints thank you for a great night, as usual!! :)
I watch on the website
Just changed my twitter account so I could make my business account. Everyone who follows me needs to follow now too!
people don't become gay. Sexual orientation is not a choice!
Same to you all!
yeah, VW gets you with synthetic right?
unintentionally starting to conceptualize McLuhan as the plebeian Derrida of new media
This bitch need to get on team
Shitty, then perfect for 6 innings, then shitty again. Insane.
VIP Saturdays come hit me up
school should be from 9-12 everyday. end of story.
Agree! I used to be one of them!
Watching scary tv shows before bed <<<
Happy Birthday. Quite irrationally, I've been looking forward to this one.
no ima go w Tim if he asks me out, no doubt
psst! head on over to Distil Milwaukee's facebook page for a chance to swipe 2 tickets to their first Destination Thursdays event.
I thought people were saying it was about some dead girl? :L
Where all the barca fans at?
when is associate, Adam Urbanczyk going to be on the show?
WOW!! Lady in RED!! ;) Great cause !! Proud of Jules!!
Chris Newfield event in an hour. Live blogging here.
Good stick to what you know and #Text me Niggaaah!!
"PHOTO FINISH" is Officially Selected at the '10th Annual Garden State Film Festival' March 22-25, 2012 in Asbury Park, NJ. Details soon!!!
her phone got taken away but I'll let her know
#MixedSubjects RT RT : Why my English teacher still wearing a damn lab coat
Everyone should watch YELLOWSTONE: BATTLE FOR LIFE. It's epically narrated by Alec Baldwin.
which video?(:
Can no longer ignore the fact that Friday is my last day of work for over 3 weeks. Work ethic slipping through my fingers.
YES! Prediction??
Looking forward to an evening w/ my girl , a DeMaio supporter. No hating here. That's how we supporters roll.
don't have one yet, but a couple ideas. Will let you know what works out best.
That Is Great News... :-)
Taking a two hour nap. Got a long night ahead of me.
Thanks Sidney!
All three to Gagner.
Tyson Beckford -- Sex Tape Being Shopped
You are welcome, my dear! Right back at ya!
Wow thats pretty good. Did you make that?
I will never understand females..
yes, I use Hootsuite
spent way too long figuring out how to write a tweet on this new jawn, now i'm le tired
-_- I have the weirdest friends lmao
Well back to sleep I go....
News reports say that President Obama is going to dedicate his State of the Union address to the economy. We say its about time.
Spent a great day at Sky Meadows State Park. Spent.
ffffffffuuuccckkkk sorry bro
Waiting on APD after being car jacked in San Jose.
": are you here at Yankee Stadium?? My mom and I are up in the 200s!" Going tomorrow! Can't wait! Enjoy!
Thank you for bringing us Jersey Boys! What a treat!
Idaho: Idaho wins $20 million for health insurance exchange Read more:...
In order to truly master the comfort zone, you have to learn to love it. -Peter Mcwilliams
Finally got the game on! #YANKEES TIME
Sneak attacks are for the CIA and fighter jet pilots
Wandering around aimlessly and waiting for the #chipotlemonday siren, left the library far too early
Open membership! Just cant be an uppity ring winner.. Or multi ring winners are the worst
Happy Hump Day! Drinks on the patio, anyone?
Woo Hoo TIme for
I think i'm a lucky girl cause of you.
WILL BE SELLING TICKETS FOR THE 4TH ANNUAL MISS BLACK AND GOLD PAGEANT TOMORROW OUTSIDE OF THE MH BLD!!! GET YOUR TICKETS ASAP!
You are beautiful , no matter what they say . Words can't bring me down , ♥
Hey, Fashionistas: The glossy look to lipstick comes from fish scales, which are iridescent.
One of those days where all my typos are seeming just hilarious. Sorry Excel sheet, you are staying named "Mathbeth."
I am so in love with Smash
Likely hundreds more =( which sucks. I fortunately didn't really want one but I sympathize with those that did =/
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont The twilight saga
i call eggs pre-birds. or future birds.
Learn to litter train your #guineapigs bit.ly/uF3DXC
#fridayreads Working to finish rereading A TEST OF WILLS by Charles Todd for Monday morning's mystery book group meeting
RT : Look, if your not following how can you call yourself a CatFan? #BBN let's show him ky love!
Hey , I'm installing mercury on slicehost. I have no idea what I'm doing, but it's fun so far. Can't wait to test.
many NBA arenas have good atmosphere: Palace great in 03-08, Cleveland or Boston, etc. For me crowd cannot compensate for crap play
No love quite meets up to that 1st love (not sex, LOVE). U can love again but like they say about crack, U're chasing that 1st high. my Mom
Radio wasn't invented for over a hundred years. Limited Bcst Frequency Spectrum is a FACT.
Woohoo! Monsanto's GMO's are going down in CA! A million petition signatures were gathered to put label GMOs on ballot in NOV!!
I've been telling her that all week, haha RT : I srsly hate you. :-)
All you who missed out on 's talk on the Psychology of UX - you missed out. He truly brought passion, interest, and academics to us.
You are most welcome.
Too little, to late.
what is ss
MAD MEN is so well written this season! Am I the only one who misses Betty Draper??
People say I'm around because I have a lot of heart, but I know all the heart in the world couldn't have helped me if I wasn't physically...
#HappyFathersDay to all the dads out there! & a BIG Happy Fathers Day to all those moms that have been both mom and dad for their kids :)
thankyou so much ! (:
Fml my phone just died... -_-
the studio i record in is in Watertown - is the engineer - fuck wit him
whose birthday starts on time? Just pull into a CVS and get a candy bar.
I don't even know, I have the most f'd up dreams.
Anytime you want to chat about ALEC before writing misguided articles feel free to contact me
you right im going to come by and visit you at work lol
"Life is rough, it's even tougher when you're stupid."
I tried to DM u but was unable. email info to re: your free sponsorship offer for 3/9. thanks!
lol at least yours is recent... mine is from my childhood.. no idea how I got that in my head
Inventory and Mother's Day do not mix!!! Thank goodness for whisky!!
Maehl had two steps on the DB, hauls in the pass and races for a 73-yeard TD. U of O up 14-10.
It's fine, I know you didn't mean to :3
Fascinating to search who power Twitter followers are following. Look at #theatlantic followers, for example.
Yeah specially on a thursday wtf
Learned what a sidejack browser attack is today courtesy of my nuked work PC. Enduring lots of ribbing from fellow work IT nerds.
love hurts the most when the person you love has no idea what so ever.
it'll be the best week of your life I can promise you that
Get that shit outta here
Follow 1 of the best hair stylists in the DFW---->
Before you judge me make sure you're PERFECT .
- cause how im getting my car might keep me pulled over lol
Duck season opens in 30 minutes.
Happy Valentine's Day #ABQ! Don't forget to tell us why your business or loved one deserves a little extra sugar today! 3 stories will win!
and thank you!
To hear and seek out new and original rock, fans are now turning to the web ie: Pandora.com & Internet streaming radio.
While the prez is in NC discussing student loan plans, he can pay off my law school loans.
<----Thanks for the follow!!
i will! assuming you will be as well, lets grab a drink like its a party in drews backyard
": A woman ... caught her husband having sex with a frozen chicken." That's sick. You should at least defrost it.
Gasp! : I wonder why JMS students don't just start a Wiki to pass notes to counterparts many of use re-use lectures after all
Good to know everyone is in a terrible mood today!
Have to mow the lawn. Something I enjoy but would like a nap first. Don't think the neighbors would appreciate late-night mowing.
The NBA season may be canceled! But the playoffs will still somehow last until July. (via )
Red Sox P's must like bloody uniform pieces...
Yes! I can't wait for It's gonna be straight bonkers!!! So much <3
Amused by the showing of Pretty Woman on the Family channel.
#ff great filmmaker and stache. awesome hosts Good to see top notch blogger
W.qrstuff.com for creating a code.
Why don't someone say the Road&Bridge jobs will take 1 to 3 yrs. to be shovel ready, do your home work!
Is there a cloud storage service like Dropbox that can be accessed via a Windows drive letter?
Strapping on my crash helmet. RT : I'm tellin' Angelina.... >> Can't keep all these girls straight.
Thank you!!!!
Make it rain Tyler :)
Issue 104 features , RossHammond, , Dogfood, , , & MORE! Get your copy now!
don't tag them in it. They're gettin pissed
One day, I want my office to have a lay-z-boy with a monitor attached to the ceiling via swing arm. Also, wireless keyboard and mouse.
Its because I'm Dracula Bitch :D
So either its gonna be a light dusting or a blizzard!?!
it's 3A, they aren't any good.
Ok, what the hell is up with Heath Bell? Miss Petco, much? More blown saves than saves.
i will, promise!
The #authentic life is established in #hope. It is hope that allows truthfulness, humility, forgiveness & gratitude to exist.
I just saw having a big party, but I couldn't tell how drunk everyone was. Hard to say...
RT Just had In-n-out for dinner and Dewar's for dessert. Yum. Must start diet and/or exercise when I get back home.
#becauseofBYE i've gotten even closer to my bestest friend.
Heh... Yeah, bit of a heart murmur myself. Good thing too, as I had an adult-style temper tantrum ready if that ball went out.
As they come in. I think we are doing pretty good for March! TONS of great shows coming this summer.
Would live to just sleep in as long as I want to, remember those days?
nahh, she's right here. Watching you guys argue over stupid shit(:
I was thinking the same thing, great minds think alike! What's good homie! -Mike Treese
ok i need to know what is the song valarie that was used in glee from
damn...cancer sucks.
C'mon guyys if I get 75 followers me and will do a blog!! Get to tweeting lol!!
What a great show. Good writing and a perfect cast.
I was going to wear my new, stylish and ironic "Beards" T shirt to the game,but I have an indigo jersey.
Unbelievable. Yauch would be pissed. MT : The Sendak documentary has been pulled from YouTube for copyright claim by
stay in school wit yo lil kid ass
awwwh im sorry . :(
When someone asks me what my goal in life is, i always say "i just wanna be happy."
Tom and Jerry is still by far the funniest cartoon to me
HIGH SCHOOL made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, dropouts, alcoholics, weed heads, or somewhere in jail.
Successful first alumni weekend! =)
yeah... I don't wanna leave yet
Sad is exactly right.
gosh you look so mature! Like a junior or senior!
Congrats to for the screenplay "The Rest of Her" being a semi-finalist for the KCWIFT & AMC Theatres KC FilmFest Contest!"
(cont) as far as I'm concerned Thomas doesn't get ENOUGH Obama questions.They should plaster the entire end boards with da Prez
Michael Jackson was, is and will always be in my heart ♥♥♥
I had an amazing nap but my head still hurts :(
and beans!!! Lol
Fire at Skywalker Ranch reminds me - While listening to Shostakovich - that Luke Skywalker and Dmitri Shostakovich share the same birthday
Thanks for loaning to us at
The Super Guppy is coming to #Seattle w the FFT?? Time to hold a !
I just had a tarantula with wings land on my hands. Texas bugs are gangster!
I want to see the Fentennial!
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(11
features big room jam is on the way, my friend!
Headed to the ZOO. Doing a broadcast with - see u there!
practice went well today. i hope everyone is ready for our shows! new faces. same sweet tunes :)
3 homers for Braun tonight should do wonders to get that slugging percentage respectable again...
You slay me.
Good Morning Denver!!!
I agree. I really miss Reading Rainbow. Great connection from tv to good books, recmnded by kids. Very Importnt.V.Good. bless u
what happened 2 Derrick Fisher? Did he get traded or retire? Or Magic just giving him some love?
my man! U getting out early?
Library is closed on Sunday, May 15th, but good luck to all of our UB graduates!
You killed it Adele. Welcome back. Sweet soul woman.
Sorry to all of my classes today for being that annoying girl that can't stop coughing...
RT Mike Brown continues 2 amaze me #sarcasm Yeah he is pretty brutal.How do you not just trade #9 and get something.
if there is a better time to reach you by phone, let me know and i'll pass to Andrea for you cc:
My mom & I shopped for 3 days when my dad died we had nothing to wear to the funeral. And grief causes ppl to act out. Shock.
very excited for the Paul Ellison master class tonight
Happy trails Andy. RT : last day in boise.
lol i love you!
W. Feather"Success seems 2 B largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go." something to sleep on.
can't sleep, so watching aussie league soccer action. go adelaide? go sydney? GO OVER 2.5 goals!
Thanks to all the players, family, friends and fans that made our raffle a huge success last night. Much appreciated
says: We need more police officers and we need to help create a safe environment for our children
bodes well for you (and #gov20!) RT : At 92, my mom has crossed the digital divide, thanks to
the stories tells me about his cat >>
you're so adorable in 5-year engagement!
Roses are red, violets are blue, flames are hot, and so are you!!!?
Austin isn't going 1.. He's projected 12 right now. Plus Iguodola? hibbert? rondo bass pietrus Bradley
I think there's probably about half a dozen overused phrases that have the meaning beaten out of them over there
Have you got a #pocketpoem picked out?
The play needs a name. Pitt won in 1972 with the Immaculate Reception. Tebow beat Pitt Biblically with the Parting of the Yellow Sea.
Welcome to the Twitterverse !!!
so, how is everyone today ?
Good food and short speeches...
Hi Kary - thanks for following StoryFirst Media!
Receiving money makes me happy.
I can't wait to be in Eagle River next week! It will be so much fun!
In the Marina on Admirality Way. Stop by say "hi"!!
Be you. No one is better at being you.
oh that's good to know can u read in spanish
At the airport following great meetings and chats at
SOPA is dead? Good. Does that include PIPA?
hey long time no talk(:
": BEST food, BEST drinks, BEST barmaids, EP Rocks !!!" thanks for the shout out!!
Once yoga pants came into existence, i forgot jeans even existed
Lol, I was just telling dude that the world would be a better place if the kids these days were watching the cartoons we did.
millionaire in six months I am not!
Kenny Hilliard is just a freshman? Dude's a beast.
nigga you ain't real. I was on your side. -.-
I want to be on stage screaming and jumping around like an idiot in front of strangers :(
Romney adviser says he can hit "reset button" on his conservative positions in fall "almost like an Etch A Sketch." aka Americans are dumb
Don't be afraid of a little bit of pain, pleasure is on the other side.
I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS PICTURE. And so upset I am not at a theme park.
Still haven't tried the new grilled nuggets? Well today's the day!
Remington sources represent billions of dollars ready to step in to finance, refinance, or recapitalize all types of commercial property.
Happy birthday to the wonderful !!!! I hope you have a wonderful day!
All printers fail at home argh...! got a new one at walmart, now installing is taking forever #fml is going to an all nighter
you should
War On Terror - US: Diplomatic Security Service
good morning to you!
hahaha I'm done...you win
Not sure if it should be legal to be up at 5 am
Fun Fact: Florida's got the best farts.
You get a magnetic sked instead.
Then I started liking this new Dominican boy, & we were in love. I will marry that boy..I really will.
Just heard Tonight Tonight by on the radio
I have to check the place out yet!
workin on new music ... music is the life becuz i wont stop til im dead ! , !
Good segment on the tax software
how much longer until u are on summer break?
At the store AGAIN mom sent me then going to school
Looking good, guy with the 'World's Greatest Dad' shirt sipping hooch from a plastic flask!
that's me in the back taking a photo of you.
We do have a couple. Most have been ripped up or lost. And they're 5th graders so those are too easy for most of them.
thanks for the mention!
We could tell you, but then we'd have to... RT Failed (again) at re-creating your Red Curry. Teach me, please!!!
Haha anytime big brotha! Miss and love you!
I'd be down for that 100%
Holy damn. Where'd you learn how to write?
The Lovely Bones.. Good movie.
Kotchman still blows
Cant wait till fall ball!
How do you not love Ari? His meltdown episode where goes dancing with his wife was classic
Cool stuff like?
Panther Prowl.
Attending podcast camp today with
Ifits about respecting country then why do only 1/3 of people vote? Its an honor but you have to respect he used his free speech
Happy St.Patricks day!! Don't forget to wear green so you don't get pinched : )
YOU ARE SO ATTRACTIVE.
mandy passed out candy canes. You missed it.
Peter Parkers uncle.
Aw! Serious kitty!
What are you saying chews did not steal an apple from the sky!!! )*
“: In general, meaner people have less of a life.” EAT IT ANDREW!! Proof
Your friendly Northern Virginia neighborhood Sunoco service and repair stations take pride in providing great service at a fair price.
Super strict diet after my birthday! Let's hope tomorrow last long! <3
you know better homie!!
have an amazing mind. She is GREAT!
Come visit us and get a lil cheesy booth #4011! Can't wait to see all of our pram crisp addicts!
Honestly thought was a fat dude. Glad the Street Knock music video cleared that up. Goddammit.
Meanwhile this one waiter looks creepily like :o
less than 24 hours since you left and you're already ignoring my text messages??????????????
I can make that happen!
“Sometimes skulls are thick. Sometimes hearts are vacant. Sometimes words don't work.”
Buckeye bye week so I'm heading up to South Bend to catch USC vs Notre Dame Saturday night. Rooting hard for the Irish. Hate the Trojans.
Who is the Cockneyed Britisher that takes over twitter account during LFC games?
seems like archives get hung up on posting digital objects -- descriptions are valuable, quick, and easy ~ cost/benefit and all that.
thanks for the
it's not chilly its beautiful out!
Tomorrow night I will be with Reggae artist Christos who will be performing his original music and songs off of his latest CD...stop by!
Night see you on the other side bithes <3 ✌
You think the new season will feature Whitney Houston? ...too soon?
She's got swag of a top model, curves like a coke bottle. 😉
Most epic Jenga ever
I guess this will fit almost the whole population of earth cause I see no one is taking action !
- did the WSOP C TV deal get announced as of yet?
No idea. haha I wasn't at class today.
TONIGHT!! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS AT CLUB FUEGO!! $200 DANCE CONTEST AND DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX!!
Game 1 Eastern Final(NBCSN) Rangers and the Devils Lets go NY!!!
now I'm sad Josh
what u gettin into
Long weekend.. Time to catch my z's !!!!!!!! Work early!
It is bad enough that people are dying of AIDS but no one should die of ignorance.
Thought of the day: better to be a useful idiot, or a useless one?
Happy Birthday Ryan
I said bitch!! That's a mistake!!!
Yo there's a beaner lady with a million kids waiting flew someone to open the door too, hurry! :3
I look drunk. I'm not. Lol
Yes I did! I replied or DM'd him
Yo #NYC the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Two-Spirit, Trans and Gender Non-Conforming Contingent meets at 3 at 13th & Broadway!
So, I guess I should start soliciting movie/book suggestions for my "vacation." I will have to think of it as an *intellectual* vacation!
This is going to be a good one. Listening to a panel featuring of about online reputation management.
is that a lesbian joke?
I wonder where the word "geezer" comes from
dont worry about it.
Being able to relax & enjoy the sites of WA state I hadn't been able to see before.
killed it on
very cool. When was he here? What did he do?
right--individuals are always prosecuted. (in 140 characters some things get lost). sigh.
Good night <3
Watching solos from #SYTYCD !! I love him so much!! He is just more than incredible!!!
Nothing gets us more excited than a constitutional review. And Robert's Rules of Order.
The Desperate Housewives finale made me cry.
URGH despite everything why do I always go back to him and am still in love with him?!
When people dont give you your tbh
94 Elements examines the human predicament through chemistry – video - The Guardian (blog)
People who complain about things are the reason why this country sucks.
you need to do a concert in San Antonio before you leave
Got back to my desk w/ my take out salad from Was excited until I opened it & it was the wimpiest looking salad ever
I know it's a learning process, but I always feel bad completely red-lining an intern's first shot at a press release...
real talk tho, u gotta get on point! lol
Wow I can finally get into the stream, so at least I can see the PPV. I can't access it on my iPod, though.
talk dirty to me! ;P
. if the bag fits.
Lately every time i eat I get super nauseous.. Fuckk I'm gonna stop eating all together now -__-
Currently using my iPhone as a coaster for a can Old German. #LivingDangerously or just an
I NEED to talk you soon. I am having withdrawl. Love you
CHECK OUT NM GUNS ON LINE! WWW.NMGUNS.COM
