I went to goberry yesterday.. #thinkingofyou and
sorry, I was being sarcastic, but no room left for #sarcasm!
Who is talkin about?
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
Yeah those wings did some serious damage.
Beside being the responsible thing to do, #Neutering dramatically reduces a cat's territorial demand, due to decreased testosterone....
I'm glad!
Starting to think that tweets have more exclamation points per word than any other form of writing. Weird!
Way to break out of the slump Betancourt
hey sean i love your work i love you get better soon!!
Late start but INB4 Sessions is now LIVE on Freqbase!
Golf ball size hail in Germantown (Washington Co.) reported by trained spotters.
On a shoot. The coffee is good.
He's doing great. He has Tetralogy of Fallot.
: SO good to be back!
AND THESE PANTS LOOK FABULOOUUUUUUUUUUSSSSS
homo tweet
Sweet! Thank you!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
#gphdreams panelists rock! love!!!
Just finished doing the Playboy Morning Show with Andrea and Kevin. Had so much fun!
End of the first quarter, score tied 7-7.
Watching Victorious
Thanks for the RT! Sebastian Inlet is awesome. :)
seems like cat's out of the bag ... are the board members going to speak up?
see you in a bit
Hahahahahaha I love you
Fuck the derby its all bout cinco de mayo
Android game CandySwipe now has a Chinese language version available in China!
Just got a great free cab ride with Johnny!
great meeting you today! Cant wait til the event in June!
Sorry, Star Wars Holiday Special. Because a long time ago they declared a star war on Christmas. Their lack of faith is disturbing. etc.
thank you:)
The 12 Bar Blues tune 'Kansas City' sung over and over.
I'm up cause I'm doing homework .... this is a sacrifice :/
is the reissue gonna have the same DVD Danny Todd made? Or is it gonna be a different one?
Trending: #IfYouOnlyKnew how much I MiSS you..xoxoxo
needs to put his considerable wealth where his considerable mouth is and run for President, but he doesn't have the balls
Hi all!!
we want to see u there, superwoman!RT Good 4 u! RT Nothing like morning fitness at the beach!
I'm your biggest fan. As you know. See ya soon hopefully!
Welp my bracket is officially fucked.
Just got off from makin that good ole over time.... Tired as fuck... But gotta love it
hosting Punk'd unf
Goodnight Everyone (:
She's gotta be pregnant with this attitude...
Dollar menu, I'm sure. RT : What did they eat?! RT : Bowlen and Ellis are back from lunch.
For work only? Yeah right!!!!
: Good to know. I'll let you tell Menger, lol.
they needed the all star break
I cannot blame you there
Had a great presentation today at #DesignDC! Thanks to everyone who participated!
Ah! I've got Adblock on. Geekscape does have some ads. But it's a great site with wonderful content. I'll let 'em know!
why is lake ave blocked? Tons of cops. Near Lyell
yup. Around 22
later on you need to get yours on.
When I hear children screaming in stores I challenge their parents to a fist fight for their child's soul.
Up early for my cousin's baby shower. It is acceptable only because her and her husband have been in love since middle school.
My neighborhood has changed so much through the years! Visiting "Voices of Lombard St" at this afternoon to learn how!
Good Morning Everyone :{) how are ya'll doing? :-)
The original Margarita was invented in 1948 by socialite Margarita Sames.
but Cody's waay beta his accent soo much better than Liams
The $ky is the limited !!!
Hahahahahahaha RT : Season Ticket Holder named Brenda just got a signed No. 1 Shawne Williams Blazers jersey. Brutal
we went with recommendations from 4 of our neighbors!!
well that's what we're here for! let us know if we can help ya out! ;-)
the new icon is extremely ugly
My computer does the most amazing thing some times. It paints my screen all blue, and then puts all kinds of letters and numbers on it!
This is digged by , , and
Want spread the word about Sleevecandy and get your pals $5 gift cards? All new likes on Sleevecandy get a $5 gift card.
Wait a sec, are you guys 5 or 6 hours ahead now? Since it's the fall and all, DST = "Fall Back"?
Two great presos at one time! Went with using videos to up ate your brand.
Hey lady! How have you been? Working hard, I bet.
thank you my dear. You're my favorite girl across the pond! Xoxo
Dam I'm confused.
I think he can be a starter, not a superstar...he needs weapons though, can't carry a team by himself
There's hot 8th graders outside of my house! I'm gonna go um...check the mail! Yup! I'm gonna go check the mail ;)
Changing is super uncomfortable, but let that discomfort propel you forward. Have a little faith.
is playing poker with the roommate, and realizes he's becoming less a person and more a collection of vices.
Diablo 3 and Ghost Recon coming out this month....interesting..!!
Also big ups to for sitting in with us last night!
This NewYork club just told me 12k. One night. but then people get mad when I tell them I have to charge them. A few bucks. SMH.
so... What's wrong with pillows?? There like friends!
thanks for the opinion bro, i do everything my self. Just trying to get a shot with a real artist & producer yakno?
you shouldn't take the loss personally. Seemed like there was no motivation on the united side of the ball.
For the record, flaking out on people will ensure that we probably just won't be hanging out at all.
I'm good. Just working a lot, when is the next time yall gonna be in the studio
I wanna go
We are less than 2 months away from our festival! Plans are coming together and progress is being made! Can't wait!!
Am I spamming you all? I've tried to send RT tweet 3 times and each time it said "successful" and then didn't show up.
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as "4's"?
Great photo of Sheas!
Intrigued by producer and his new media style of casting and funding upcoming BEE thriller
that's because there are actual trees from Ireland in the pub!
You'd kick ass at that pa!
Hopefully partying it up with ma girl tomorrow, <3 love yoouuuuu
Are you playing in any WSOP events?
Feeling guilty after working 9 hours bc I didn't work 12. Work addiction sucks.
you would be well within your right. I'm still trying to see what's apropos for tweeting since leaving TV & coming to WSDOT.
Now do something with that #packers. Make it hurt!
in my feelings. can't shake it.
I feel dead
man me too, I'm on the way to hoop now..
that's what an email I got said!! It could be a different person.. I'm not sure hahah
Fallon monologues are always hilarious
161 games to go
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St. Francis of Assisi
We need to get to a point were we engage with the world and show that we do think for ourselves - sanusi
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
RT : Vibe and Vegas Show: Why Focusing On Black Males Is Necessary To Address High African-American Unemployment: Re......
The Game Time Athletics brand is built on blue collar athletes of the world!!! Lets get it!!!!
Enjoying the #groupshirting day?!
RT : 100s chant 'We are the 99%' outside barricaded Wells Fargo. Some employees gather outside in #solidarity & met w/ cheers
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath
The New York Rangers are at the garden tonight.
I will follow you if you promise to do the touchdown celebration you did against the Giants in the NFC Champ game again
something special, sexy, wonderful.
Research and Markets: Global Shale Oil Study 2012
OMG wtf who?
Love you Giuli :)
Thats what its supposed to say lol i guess u have to ass the contact
Hollywood Park Race#2 4) A Full Tank of Gas !
rich people problems... I wish!
I'm open to anything. Soccer is always a love and I'll stay connected in some regard, but doesn't have to be FT.
Some people need a high five IN THE FACE with a CHAIR!!!!:D
Forward to Great day in Phoenix , making in roads , and relations.
Made a connection during dinner at the home of Atul Khanna that could lead to some positive access into India. We'll see where this heads.
Ha, got to agree. Chelsea played on another level Sunday, but Barca has a little more firepower than the Spurs. Draw at best.
Rodgers you still pull things out of nowhere... love it
...not realizing it was dawn until the side doors of the Fillmore were opened and the morning light poured in.
How do authors get their ebooks into your directory?
SO ME. RT : #Sagittarius are missing the brain to mouth filter. They sometimes say things that are better left unsaid.
TOO long, dear.
so bored. people should text or tweet me since they can't fin pick up their phones anymore
Good girl.
Don't be afraid to take chances.
Yank's better step it up!
The Browns easily. Look at them since 2007.
#milwaukee at Einstein bagels and the girls behind me had coffee from starbucks in hand but are ordering food at einstein's. Ahh consumers!
Hope U got to sleep in this Sunday morn! Did U know that getting enough sleep helps keep your metabolism going & helps control your weight?
Somebody think they slick
#JoeGirardi pulls #ClayRapada to bring in #DavidPhelps to face #RobertAndino w/ 2 down and a man on 1st in the 6th.
I will
Just took a peak at My 600lb Life on TLC
Ah wish I could make it 2nite but cant. Dont have 2 much fun w/o me :) RT : Tks & tweet you at 8 tonight!
Grilled Florida Red Grouper, grilled asparagus and Mango Butter
Pitino should have called a timeout instead of making Siva make the decision. Lot of responsibly on a kids shoulders. Should've been coached
Slim , thank you for 'favoriting' my tweet, and for the RT.
np and I like the song "Im ur biggest fan"
#5ThingsICantStand my computer.
STILL ROLL UP THEM BLUNTZZ
Even having broken into the game industry, I find the "breaking in" panel talks great to hear.
Spontaneous Creed jam sessions>>>>
great to see you as well.
huh? bags? thought there were no bags...
#Dragic stop being a punk. Just play basketball. Yeah you're a below average NBA player, but live with it
prospect of san francisco in august, minneapolis in september, and a family vacation tbd in october is giving me the travel itch. big time.
whatever happens, happens.
statistics about Seattle Real Estate market ignore the reality that many pending sales are not actually coming together and closing, say ...
Where's the exhibit? I'm a Memorial newcomer but they had me at coffee.
Ifcm showcase is underway! We are waiting to see you!
addl, communication is short, sweet, to the point and passive. Emails get lost.
still haven't started... gunna be a long night
So stressed. Gotta be out of my place by Thursday.
Thousands of ppl here.
I wish I was a multi-millionaire and be afforded with the carelessness to misspell.
They need about 10 -15 people to be diners at a restaurant in Rio Rancho at 2:30pm til about 3:30pm. Extras get to eat for free.
thanks, I think I got some of it. :)
Really, it's a lesson in the false economy of IKEA light fixtures. :-)
Loved your Bing and #Genius performance in season 3 #TVD finale ;)
IKR BUT I SHOULD HAVE IT DOE NO BULLSHIT U WOULDN'T GO WRONG
its like a tank top sort of. You should just wear it. As long as your straps dont show it should be fine
Josh Hamilton is on a tear.
Ready to be your agent!....byronbrown.georgiamls.com
what the f@#k! its morning? omg, coffee!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR BABY <3
Found my Dalek bubble bath. With all the hassle in the move, I was worried I'd be without it. Scary thought. It's cool though. No worries.
To be honest, I don't see Hood coming to Duke.
heck ya brother!
#chiwinetrade and will be working in the western suburbs on3/28. DM me if you would like to taste with us.
Think of it like Santa Claus: We know when you've been sleeping; we know when you're awake...
#DowntonAbbey is electrifying - easily one of the best written television dramas I've ever seen.
Aw shucks you guys :) C- I'm always happy to help! Twitter is changing the def of visitor engagement.
did they move? :(
#wcphilly #day2 : Trac is actually pretty simple. Ideally, we won't find many bugs today, though.
Wallstreeters calling protesters unsophisticated well at least they don't rob and steal like you F&&k heads.
thank you! I was stumped. Not Katy Perry... Where have I seen her before...
Great night with :)
wine drinkers - $10 for tasting of 60 international wines at Riot Act.
What time of day do you find your self the most artistic.?
Bank of America trading rebound aids recovery
UPGRADE! happy 2 announce we've upped our return/exchange policy to 365 days (1 YEAR!) from 90 days. Changed your mind? No problem friend!
420 Yummies is BACK on Twitter!!! If UR in the NoHo area be the 1st person to message us & get a FREE 420 Yummy today! (must have Dr.'s Rec)
100 (Made in the USA)% - Copyrighted by hdtvedu.com
Happy St. Patrick Day everyone, go out and drink a lot of green beer
shot music video yesterday. really tired today but very happy as it was so much fun!
No one knows u better than urself trust ur own judgement
Rates for mailing direct marketing materials, invoices, & account statements are on the rise. Let Advanced Mailing Svcs reduce your costs.
and in the end we shall achieve in time/ the thing they call divine/ when all the stars will smile for me
The hotel bar used to be a space of promiscious exchange. Now it's just folks staring at their smartphones.
Awww! I miss you too! Maybe we should get together for a drink this summer?
It's Friday! That means tomorrow is the big day! #BrewCityStompDown2012! is hard at work putting the finalizing the show...
Good luck!
Why not make it a friend-cation?
I can't help but stare at him even when the other guys are passing by.
HAHAHA! RT: A crowd of us tried to ritually bathe WFG in the Pacific once, but he fuckin' tased us.
you should be in Boston. With me.
#raw10 What if all drug n alcohol disappeared? We wil find a way 2 get high. Puttin sardine juice behind yor ear n hold yor breath. U B High
The surgeon wants me to get my blood sugar levels under control first, to avoid diabetic complications.
#quittingsucks so don't quit. quitting makes you a loser.
Tip from #MARAC: if you have exposed wood support beams, carve decorations in them to make people think they date to colonial times.
Fine. I'll say it. I'm addicted to Game of Thrones. Damn. Another series.
Just listened to a radio spot for #lproofboise to get pumped up about this wknd. Jesus, wreck us with your presence in Boise...
I love not going to school. (((: 3 day week for me
I wonder if there will be this much hoohah when Elvis turns 100!
thanks for the FF =)
wow. I'm doing it wrong.
i'm on day 4 of a lifestyle change. I slipped w a bite of cake but for the most part am sticking to it nicely. lots of cravings tho
every night is a party
I might be confused. That was for Rita. For Ike we hopped a plane to Arizona. :)
I do not have any minions. Not yet.
Hey hey hey! SELENA GOMEZ IS ONLINE on ! Why don't u ask her to follow? Just kidding :)
“Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
Chillin at the knitting factory waiting for and to come on :) so excited :) wave to me Craig? I've got pink hair <3
quit using your damn medical terms; it still doesn't change the fact that you choked on a piece of chicken at zaxbys.
#Acta stayed one, batter & one inning too long with
Why did my Dad get with my Mom? He's all chill and nice. And her? She's a big evil bishhhh. 😒
Sometimes Pandora is a mind reader/psychiatrist.
You're Ridiculous hahah
thanks much
I Sunday lol. Reeeaaaallly? My school was suppose to go ha. With who though? I'm going to Disney Land. ;P
CHAD GRIFFIN! :D
Not to know which way the future will lead. None of us can know nor do we wish to know. I don't want a crystal ball. For the future is b ...
I gotta stop stressin So much! Yep, it is not healthy!
Q3 Except for ease of reference, do we need an encompassing term?
Plus, momma told me never to stop until I bust a nut.
>> Hi Mark. I did attend the event yesterday. Sorry I didn't get to say hello at the reception.
I'm ready to get the twit scared out of me 2nite at 8 ET!!
I miss you.
Good to meet another Simon - and another MSNBC fan!!
Look alive!!
I love the ones with currants in them.
Was that prayer to protect the park from your son's exuberence? :0)
I think a lot of people just don't get how hilarious Spivak is. She is a wit.
Any suggestions for a quick but tasty dinner along the BQE between Astoria and the Verazzano, without parking drama?
Second in line waiting for Tilia in asi. Mpls. To open for brunch.
idk, are those taken?
I want you all to myself. /:
And the catch is only as good as the pass RT : The pass is only as good as the catch.
It started out as a stabbing when we got the first call, then it became a homicide as we arrived. Intense!
Exciting news! We've been invited to be a member of the Oklahoma City Cybersecurity Association!
Chat: Rangers play 2 vs. O's
: do you ever refer to as "Mr. Anderson"? if not, you totally should
how many tweets from people do you get each day? how many right now? follow me? (:
I live in said skin cancer trap, I will tearfully wave goodbye as I am engulfed in flame when u depart
HA! I'll think of something! Good to hear you had great workouts!
Ennis and gerbe look playoff ready...connelly and butler don't
here. This is your twitter back. This is cool.
Hi William! The stupid mobile app is hiding my prof pic, trying a new one just now. :)
ugh kevonte suspended dis gone b lame my brother aint in class widd me
Has anyone seen Mello? Lets go Heat!
Just placed my order for the candied yam cupcakes!
Have a news tip for your blog. What's the best way to get it to you?
back at you! Have a great weekend!
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
Boston archives using twitter to open access to the content in their collections. love it! I'm subscribed to so many archives feeds!
Why stick around , when i feel like ima be hurt ?
i think i may come down to help move paige out
Hope the baby is safe and well loved
Movie night with my best boy budd. #The Matrix Can't believe he's never seen it. BTW he's such a drama queen! Ooh we need ice cream!
follow us !!! PLEASE :D
Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will follow you.
Have already taught 3 classes of inspiring yogis this morning and gearing up for more! See ya at noon at Sweat Hot Yoga!
In a Verizon store. Not a single Wimdows Phone in sight.
What a great day! Photo session with and then TVM rehearsals with an awesome group of girls!
I wanted to see the hunger games today!!! :(
;) girlfriend <3333333 i guess Ima be with u nutrition n lunch. Better come
Then I def don't wanna tip no weak stripper when I already paid for two beers and a shot lol ...
Just got my new #kindlefire at the post office! Now I know y they didn't leave it under the stairs - it says kindle fire real big on the box
Follow on Twitter. The Father of Self-Deportation.
my family always has me rolling 😂
Your welcome (=
we do indeed <3 and too!
hi how r ya
So what is the worst song in the world?
This Saturday 02/11 at 49West Coffeehouse, Annapolis accompanying
Need to get going on this again.
no way jose
On the way to the beach with my beautiful mother ;}
Tickets for COC, Torche, Black Cobra, Gaza, and OX now available at Zion's Gate Records on Capitol Hill!
Tip: Roll with resistance
Good night to all my followers and god bless:o)
Tebow presser drinking game. Drink whenever Tebow uses the words "humble" or "blessed"
So what you are saying is that we won't be seeing you for years to come. ;)-
im here baby :)
where man.
I had a weird dream that put me in a weird mood...
Live in the moment.
haha lol Yuppers so I'm off to bed talk to you tomorrow! Goodnight
Ugh... that was supposed to say two weeks.... typing too fast. *hangs head in shame*
you ain't got no sales, sucka!
trying to get you to follow me. What do you say handsome? Hmm :)
All I want for my birthday is a Travis Zajac jersey. That's it.
haha sometimes Twitter is really off on their suggestions huh?
I always wanted to see her in concert she is my fav artist I wish I could get a follow from her
After the Marshall trade the Dolphin brass said "Be patient, you'll see"- Ok, No Manning, no Flynn.. Well, we're waiting....
"Newt, Mitt shook his thing at me last night." "My God, Calista. His penis?" "No ... his wallet." "Hmm ... interesting ... interesting"
Seeing a relationship status and thinking "I'll give it a week."
can't wait for yoga this morning :)
Andrew Luck. #kidding I take Ryan or Stafford over Rivers..
We don't like you nerds around here, stinking up our precious geek space. :P
u want go to ATl on the 19th 300$ cover to hotel travel cost and ticket to the underground awards
Very nice welcome from Julie Underwood (Provost). Has a Wii avatar - wonder if we can get her into WOW?
#TastemakersKS where you at?
put your dog on the curb perhaps? We wouldn't want griffin to get hit by a murder car now would we.
we really need to make a trip to
Should have taken that #AintnowayAroundit beat Jeezy.
reading Maryland History Day papers....
You have won me over. When I am nice, they smile and say my thoughts are great and then walk away. No more mr nice guy
Fisher says this is the "biggest, broadest" campaign has ever done. He thanked all volunteers
RIP Maurice Sendak "Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so."
Finally fixed a broken twitter feed that was annoying me. Should be sleeping.
awesome, thank you!
Long day been on my feet
Who has something cheerful to say? Filing and faxing have made me captain of the Grumpleading team.
One of my students obliquely referred to the constitution as a religious document.
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit. -Author Unknown
just realized that Saturday is cinco de mayo #goinmadhard in boston
So who wants to take me on holiday?! :)
That's right! RT : Looking forward to seeing all of our followers and customers at IBS this week!
RT : Oh, you have two cell phones? Please, teach me how to talk on multiple devices at once. cc
This Girl really wanna know who I am lol
Tarik pass on the word to KALLAO to spread some event shouts to , at Linnemans tonight 9PM
Veronika is MAGIC with vegan recipes! Death by Chocolate vegan cupcakes are in the case!
sounds like a plan.
My fortune cookie didn't have a fortune!! So rude!
5 MORE FOLLOWERS TILL 600? omg just last week i hit 500 followers... :D you guys are awesome!! Adding more pics on our twitpic...
I've become obsessed with working on my new website...I wish I was a real geek, not just a pretend one :-/
my upstart business would be a fresh, competitive, profitable biz in a recession proof market. Banks are destroying my dream..
627? Are you a cyborg version of my childhood friend? Or are you claiming to be from Santa Rosa, CA?
Florida Under 8
I love how one hour turns into 2 and a half and falling asleep randomly 1 and a half hours later.
7 Personal Branding Tips For Introverts | Personal Branding Blog ...
yeah I love how that guy started trying to act like a badass
great and normal , I was grounded last weekend , and It was terrible :/
God will provide.
Michael Taylor hitting well today
I get paranoid too much.
Yes Sr. Happy Born Day my Boy! :-)
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
whats up? (sorry for the late reply I kinda fell asleep ;/)
xD lmao! Its happened to me too and i kept getting so pissed!
Traveling back to home with folks from #joplinschools. Set up my #Virgin mobile #MiFi and we are all checking email and surfing.
“: I hear hulk is awesome.” You heard right, man. Run and see this now. I'm not even kidding.
Aw I would *love* that! August 3rd. 201 West Monument Street, Baltimore, MD 21201. Thanks so much!!
I bet some guys YOU'VE liked have been disgusting. & NO. she's NOT.
"Ben," her email read,"I miss you every day. Would I leave Matt? In a heartbeat. In a second". She hit "send." To Matt's address.
WE got Proof just got the Note back from GMAC we are official send in all your deals !!!
would love to go but probably will still be recovering from ATP fiscally and spiritually
I look like a little thug lol
When Joe see's the new Nike Jet uniforms, he might not get soo excited
I've been trying to write this Senior speech for five days and I just can't seem to make it sound decent.
What up everyone! Hotel staff is going nuts for the WORLD CUP today! GO MEXICO!!!!!!
People that talk on speakerphone in pubic <<
are your ears burning? and I are talking about you. (all good things. promise.)
- Kaitlyn, I really don't think I'm in a position to help you. Wish I could help but I don't think there's anything I can do 4U.
Going into an intensive acting workshop this weekend everyday from 10-6, I REALLY hope I can stay awake during this....
(just fyi... changed my user name to )
I get excited over a perfectly folded stack of shirts
Really hate the truth
#teamfollowback I always follow back (: LOVE YOU.
If you can be a value-adder, you will be rewarded. Never forget that equation.
well said!
are you taking a trip to miami anytime now?
i was in H&M earlier today and your album was playing :) :) :) can't wait to see you!
what are you talking about? I was totally there last year - and yes I'm on several panels. Should be fun!
Apple Messages (beta) just dumped every last one of my preferences, messages and its main window. That's kind of a bug.
Ha! No! Either your image or my monitor makes them look red & green. OK … good shoes for … working near traffic?
sounds like my house.
where my GT's at?
Josh helped him get his job by destroying the Broncos.
would it be safe to guess that thursday's show will include a lot of songs off the new record?
my first time
HI! :D Where are you!? Do you come back tomorrow? I miss you're face.
i am shocked at how much i get done when working from home. i tell ya what. that piper dog is ruthless...
yup bye lol
Printer randomly spat out a document it refused to print over a week ago this morning. Holy Ghost of Print Jobs Past!
Grg I dominates the field in Golden Tee but then pulls a John Daly and bows out after 10 holes to hit the bar...
Thanks to people like our Giuseppi Logan project on Kickstarter is a wild success.THANKS ALL!
it was. prob gonna do my best soon tho
Ah, yes, there is. I believe the Lupus Foundation is there too? My team will be attending the KBD event on Wed. @ Eastern.
when I was at the U, there was one per major sport on both the men's and women's side and split the other sports
co worker is complaining about phones ringing, um, excuse me but your job is to answer the phones...
dont forget she has more than one hole and she might b down for a threesome
u two sisters stay sick, poor baby.
You know you're a Swiftie if you don't give up on your dream to meet Ms. Swift :) Kepp on dreaming Swifties xoxo
But he did get up. Smith would have had to hit him much, much harder for that to happen.
Corey Hart....let's bunt!!!
FREE registration if you tweet to us or call & mention twitter! Sign up for one of our fall events today!
We should have done that against Auburn a few years back.
It's the 13th inning, two on, no outs, we're out of position players, and Rock is legitimately wondering whether we'll bunt.
don't fall asleep
When people say i love you then i say it back and they say "i know"...
I'm already loving it. But I'm going to sleep yalla have a good night Lauren. Keep in touch. Mansaf got me twisted today.
Way to fucking cut me off you stupid ass fuckin iowan. Eat shit and die shit head. Ill kill
This is how my week goes: Monday, Tuesday Wednesday, Thursday, FridaySaturdaySunday.
"Vacancy," the 2011 Tokyo MountZine-winning collection of 35mm photos taken at—and on top of—NYC's World Trade Center in 1998. bit.ly/omesul
showed your video yesterday at Club TCM to at least 200 great film fans! Video was very well-received.
If you lose my trust, you're not getting it back unless u work for it. Even then, it probably won't be the same.
. = McMahon's pet project
Oh Yu. You crazy with the pitches. c:
do you think if I send u my Raji pic you could see if you can get it signed? I'm having no luck getting a response from him...
American reunion, it was alright it could of been better.
Morrissey should really shut up. He's just not that relevant anymore.
woo hoo! nice base hit!
welcome to the show...hope your NYC show goes well!
Sorta like not talking to anyone and just chilling by muself tonight
we need a guy to call the show right now 414-799-1099
certainly looks that way
Thanks homie, I needed that. #Respect RT .keep ur head up homie it can't rain all the time
RT : Young or old, boss or non-boss, your longterm success largely dependent upon your mentoring skills-ATTITUDE-practice.
Cindy's colleague Jim is already in the mix. Thanks!
#Patriots Defense steps up big early today!
Sotomayor is not a cone.
number one trending topic to my bday thanx brodeeeee
just makes me want to redecorate everything.
Visit the "Mapping Our Tears" exhibit & see testimonies of local survivors, rescuers, and liberators. Open Mon-Fri 9- 4 and Sun 11 - 3.
Sleeping on a porch? I mean I guess that's okay...
Just changed my first flat tire. Highly overrated.
There are ten human body parts that are only 3 letters long.
“The best use of money as a motivator is to pay people enough to take the issue of money off the table.” -Daniel Pink, 'Drive'
haha I am a cranky old man!
no no
Carl Pavano is pitching extremely well! Go
White boy can straight chuck it. Didn't have to go to Japan for the arm Cash, figure it out.
Of course, the big thing is if anything goes wrong w/ the pump. They're like $1500. :) But that is the only moving part.
No problems when you live in the solution
Choppin it up with my Sis .. For sure Oovoo Tomorrow doe
It's election day. Please vote for for US Congress.
hahaha I know it was a long overdue reunion!!! I missed you too! Next time pictures !!
whats good for tonight ?
We're stacking some 114 year old pine beams in our warehouse before Alex hits. Are you ready for the storm?
lol i gotta start somewhere then imma get "être soi-même" somewhere on me this summer
Troy, 1 of our 13 kids from Spare Some Change just reported that he now has an apartment, a job AND is going to college full time! GO TROY
Africa and my brother and because Africa is one of the most exotic, beautiful continents in the world
We are all meant to shine We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone.
In our defense.. Well.. We got nothing. That's pretty awkward.
Yesterday's apple had a dead ladybug pinned to it with a spiderweb! Today's apple isn't nearly as rad.
I intend to spend as much of the rest of the day as possible sitting on the porch reading the new Caro book
Did we have homework?
Thanx for the suggestions. Now to actually put them into practice.
OMG i have been saying #areyouleaving all day today because you know where i am :-)
I'm surprised more people haven't been talking about this email bode sent out...
Playtech Enters Into Online Gambling Agreement With Mexico’s Caliente
Learn the basics of bicycle maintenance at booth 97, 2 p.m.
#10FactsAboutMe I can turn one of my legs completely in the opposite direction
Congrats on your article and thanks for drawing my attention to it. I look forward to reading it, Nathaniel.
At the park with !!!! miss her <3
DEREK IS GOING ROGUE
Wonderful peeps who have rocked my world this week! Thank you!
I LOVE the positive words. Thank you so much! :)
I've been wearing dresses/skirts basically all week.
Huzzah! RT : Results are up! Pitstains in with a final time of 26:33:17!! 1st place when it comes to stank!
Opening: Friends with Kids, Afghan Star (7pm, March 14th, tix $5), Continuing: A Separation, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, The Descendants
Yes, but that will require significant and extensive push-back. We better start organizing right now.
can u tell people to follow me please <3
DeNiro should apologize for calling Callista Gingrich white when clearly she's a pinkish opaque plastic color with Clairol #2 hair.
Now Lemmie Get Bacc To This Research Paper
With all networking sites out there why is LinkedIn so expensive?
I'm reading DC Dead by Stuart Woods
not really its hard 2 think of nicknames when its a fly band like mindless behavior
Want me to order you a case each of Hater-Ade & PeptoBismol?
No, I was saving that for
can I seriously smoke then play in your curly hair?
Totally know what you mean... RT : Trying to look good for work looks bad on my room.
HARRY! omg i love you♥ please follow me:D x
idk if It was ever official. Idk if it ever will be bc of monoply issues with the government
Absolutely incredible. Will post pictures tomorrow
no i'm way too shy, he'll probably talk to me or any other hot guy when i'll lose the weight
Why spend mine? When I could spend yours! 
Save $2 each by getting Open House tickets in advance at Old National Bank. See you Friday night/Saturday afternoon
Learning to enjoy it when people attack my views. They manage to stretch my brain to think beyond where I was before.
Word. I was just wondering. You're a babe regardless.
just in case. but double check with them too.
serious. Parents have to spend some kind of time w/ their kids. Why not make it mutually beneficial?
simpin (per urban dictionary) When a guy or girl are sprung on someone or something.
And we luv you 2 Queen
also, I saw shirtless guys at 2nd & Madison today holding a sign that said "honk for pushups." What's with all the push-ups?
Final in Chicago! Knicks lose and Milwaukee takes 8th place on the tiebreaker!
ok then please let me know what you think! The more feedback we can give about the ATC series the better!
PAPER WRITING PARTY IN SAVERY! (by "party" I mean just me. Lacan may make an appearance)
dear god please tell me more
MT #musetech folk! I'm *real* now :) - FT Digital Marketing Content Coordinator. Fully diving into social media!
Happy Halloween! Congratulations to Liz Rapp who was married on Saturday!
Trying to decide which is my favorite April fool's day tweet while trolling for google pranks (3 so far).
Damn i love me some CooCaa
Goin to my boys lab
Wonderful! I'll dm you with details on how to register for a press pass. Looking forward to having you!
I choose to be the best that i can be.
thanks for the RT - hope to see you then!
k, it will probably be sometime tomorrow. i'm at work then i've got the fam coming over for dinner.
Can someone explain to me what a #twittercrush is? I mean, from the way described it, it deserves to be AK'd.
Got any good news to share? ;-)
Can't get the concept of "Tractor Moments" out of my head (from last week's Solutions Group meeting in Bozeman).
I'm doing 2012 Junior Road Nationals. No matter how well or badly I do, I've always wanted to do it & I'm not letting my dreams pass me by.
This whole cooking for myself isn't going as I (optimistically) expected
EdenSchool: the imp. Q to ask abt modifications "does it impact their ability to execute the task"
It would start raining when I wake up from my nap 😒
Hincapie: #287g and #SB1070 is lose-lose: they raise risk for racial profiling and cut ties b/t police & communities of color
I thought you were going out to the trails.
damn I didnt ask you to agree lol wyd
"This is not the Fluid you are looking for, you can go about your business" Follow for great info on eComm, SocialComm, UX. UFM Here.
The new is opening RIGHT NOW in Carmel Mountain Ranch! Stop by and let me know what you think!
he is such a great interview subject, I'd watch it without question.
Worrying and stressing out will only slow me down
Happy Tuesday!!! Make it a great day!!
i do follow you..
Looking forward to seeing Paul Simon and Wynton Marsalis this Friday at JALC. The troubadour and the trumpeter together.
yes got it :) as long as u add the @ symbol before their twitter name everyone should get it
Bought a new desktop with 23" flatscreen...online poker never looked so good!
I rule the night.
got your phone back?
im bored !
See me in the hood, the gangstas sayin' wasssupppp....
well hello there.. haha! :)
Next up, #WCWCEOLivePool live from Atlanta.
LOL, Kat is just a LITTLE bitter!
your welcome. Hope it went well for you, love your apps!
hahahaha, shoun was the worst though!!
New Mac now has all the bells and whistles, time to edit!!!!
Getting ready to watch the #BlackPowerMixtape on the big screen
I guess I should include some VO stuff in here. Finished up a job today at #WorldWideWadio. Booked a #HotelDelCoronado spot for February 7!
Early cinco de mayo:)
How to set choose responsive breakpoints: start w/mobile, expand window until it looks like sh!t. "Whoops, breakpoint!"
Congrats in either case!
“Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.” Publilius Syrus Thanks to our courageous heroes!
watch out for those people trying to relieve themselves while sleeping.
Damn. Our washer machine sounds like a racing car.
yea i bet thats sad but wht ever gone head and get it in
I have a music consultant on board who has his own Album. I am co producer on a new Album. We have the contacts!
R.I.P to all the real niggas world wide
Pop up to his ol' tricks again...lol
you're such a mean person.
looking forward to roadtripping to 's Dia:Beacon &
20thC model of education you add spaces together - but 30% is dedicated to circulation (negative double-loaded locker-lined corridors)
Rode 7.7 mi on route 'Home to work', in N/A (avg: 0 mph) on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike. Odo 700
The artwork Barbara is showing from K12 students in distressed schools are masterpieces. Truly impressive.
This classroom is so cold 😨
You can't talk to somebody when they are scared to confront you! They just keep on runnin' talking shit behind your back!!
I NEVER Want To Be Called My Name By My Own Chiled In The Future !
congrats buddy.
Maine woman vows to protect a farm, and its way of life
You go ahead and tell me what you think you should be doing for me.
At the launch of the #SuJanklowArts Program. Fascinating panel discussion on the future of the arts led by Barbara Walters.
C++ was not revolutionary at the machine level. C kept making Unix and Windows run small hardware. But different paths.
Great conditioning session with the team this morning! Our strength staff is doing a great job this off-season.
Thanks for the RT! And the words of wisdom. :)
“At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable.” – Christopher Reeve
Because of , I make a wish at 11:11 (:
thank you my friend!
Crazy. Disney just bought Marvel Comics. Does this mean we will some day see Spiderman dangling off of the castle or the X-men at Epcot?
Playing draw something with
Most definitely. Years of business classes in college made that a habit. LOL. I have a plan when Im makin groceries.
now watching finding mr destiny... ulet.
Tired of riding in a car. 2 more hours.
I don't really care about the football game, I think I will stay at home and catch up on my podcasts...
I'm sorry that'll never change:)
Going to barnes and noble :)
Cell phones and laptops are dying - we need power cords!
I have to go back to #coachella for round 2. Anyone else in?
This Saturday, November 12, 10 am to 5 pm, fall trunk shows
sometimes simplicity is called for!
Back home, suitcase still just inside door. Was kinda hoping fairies or elves would have unpacked it while I was out... no such luck.
the opposite of depression
They uncovered a new (ancient) calendar this past weekend. #psych!!
ALMOST TO THE WEEKEND! ARE YOU READY? Green cookies for all down at Credo's Saturday Computer Clinic 3/17 10-2pm ^jl
Asik is kiiling it in OT
Watching the dance moms on Anderson and wondering how an 18 month old child can attend a dance class.
No kidding. Thing is, I thought I was doing great at decluttering lately, too. Harsh!
tiger beat or w/e it's called... i haven't read those since i was like 12
Stay. Social Sun night while being a part of great cause @ "New York City Loves Japan" @ Cielo Club NYC. Benefit Red Cross Japan
I'll Send you some free recordings mp3 of mine. Frnk, Tony, Dean type Music. Just follow me Jay Markoff on Facebook.
LETS HAVE A PARTY
Maury: non-stop running PSA for birth control...& the worlds worst hook ups..YIKES!!!
True story: Mayoral candidate randomly shook my hand at the food carts yesterday. Also true: I didn't know who he is.
a private life with a special someone is far more fulfilling than a public life with a million nobodies...good company=
lmaooo got my attention 👆
We are too! We can't wait to hear her thoughts on poverty.
i was getting into the mass effect 3 bounty weekend challenge
So, the Obama Administration and its record number of Bilderbergers in its administration has started to poison our children's food supply.
Right when I'm about to start singing EVERYONE AN THEIR MOM COMES TO MY HOUSE WTF WHY
It is unattractive to speak kind words in someone's face and then trash them when they aren't around.
R.I.P. JOE FRAZIER
whatever i took was DEFINITELY NOT pilates haha, I think the classes got changed and I ended up in some aerobics bootcamp!
Such a beautiful morning! A nice rain always clears the air and makes everything brighter. Looking forward to a good day. Hope 2 B busy :-)
wow. Im not gonna start a fight thats your oppinion but if any other mahomies saw that.Oh you dont wanna know what'll happen
"I don't like naps, I like fun."
You can have money, if you don't neglect the gift that is inside of you.
RT : Oh shit!!... the new bar on the 2nd floor patio at is DOPE! Come check it and tonight!
I know! Hey I gtg but ttyl
and the Colts had the #1 pick.
Killing off characters, rethinking all parts of finale. Glad I have a co-writer!
Go Green!
#LALA RT cute shirts, great people and even better food!
Dream but don't sleep. It takes everything you got!! No days off.
your absence has been noted.
Vendor issues... How to proceed? Okay just this once, more George Bailey, less Old Man Potter.
come on, Kila!
I was the last kid to get cable in my neighborhood, watched all the old shows!
If your reading this your beautiful even if your a guy don't let anyone tell you different! :)
and here's hoping for a non-paper subscription though I'd miss keeping some covers. I'd pay the same for it.
omg parents really make me angry
What does the 9th place finisher in the Kentucky Derby have to do with a Seattle Arena?
Sidney Crosby has been traded to the LA Kings; will use alias "Jordan Nolan" more to follow..
Fall is the season for mushrooms. Supervise your dog when he's outside as toxic fungi can be harmful or even fatal.
I hate when I'm drinking,and the ice just attacks my face.
The consequences of disobeying is being tortured, in the article, the victim gets electrocuted.
you got it. Anytime you wanna interview, let us know. Our guitarist Jason is back from New York tomorrow
Ah...yeah...feeling it out here in LA too!
without a doubt man. He really rose to the occasion.
in the city until Sun & have my sched lined up! I've missed that feeling of not being able to walk! Are you in LA?
Thanks for the endorsement!! BTW, some of us are frmr Gatsby, I think we may have played a show together back in the day...
Wife is heading out. Time for me and my son to watch
- the employer does. Like a traditional IRA, the money in a SEP IRA is not taxable until withdrawal. One of the key advantages of a SEP...
My mom uses mothers day as an excuse to get me to garden with her...
I'm flamin the $hit outta this nigga when he done with his page. ;-)
looks like a good film. sean penn is pretty amazing in his roles.
it has my name in it hehehehehe
#Cypha time with
I can't sleep so I'm gonna clean my room and blast Ellie goulding. Hey neighbors, hope ya like this song ;)
Some girls seriously need to learn how to control their whore-mones.
Glanced at next years schedule for the …stoked for The Rite of Spring in November!!! I'm having classical concert withdrawal.
Is 'Thank people for like-ing and following' a real reason to use Facebook...chicken and the egg thing here.
Just bought our album artwork ;)
Do to an unforeseen family crisis I will be unable to attend The U.S.S. Hornet. I apologize greatly for any inconvenience this may cause.
Did you see the Cindy Sherman show at ? If so, what did you think?
if it's not too late, we have great (cheap, skilled, US trained) dentist in Mexico City.
Watching "Teeth"... This movie is insanely hilarious and very creepy.
snow and cold seems to be leading to a slow day in the WC
"She loves you. Sure, sure, sure.
ok thanks
Saw you on the news a while back btw- you definitely should be makin more for fighting. Female fighters are so undervalued.
Ed Sheeran has such a beautiful voice ♥
Need a new workout playlist. What are your suggestions?
pretty overwhelmed at the kindness, generosity and professionalism with the new colleagues . I knew about this, but wow.
And there's a kid wearing a jersey at the NU/OSU bball game. Guess he haunts OSU everywhere!
Frank Lloyd Wright~ The truth is more important than the facts.
I'm at cooper high!
YES Dominique
RT : And, a bit closer to home, #happybirthday to mStoner! We celebrate 10 years in business today!
RT Pretending not to care but actually wanting to cry. :/
i shake life
Last full week of high school... Crazy.
Full & time to smoke :)
boys boys boys, we love them! :D
u are amazing!! So talented:)
Great game! The win was there but thats how it goes sometimes. Enjoy your birthday! It's only a game!!
I had a dream last night, we drove out to see Las Vegas.
cool. i wonder if anyone recorded it....
Why not?
Joe Flacco isn't special, Ray Rice is...
Thanks for the tweets regarding my post! Appreciate the support :)
Stuck on a plane ..... 3 hours now
wanna take me on a date? I'm a professional at tonsil hockey if you are interested. ;)
&& I was the dumb one for believing you meant what you said..
As a recruiter I recommend the employed DO NOT Check in to a Job Interview ;-) Could be weird.
dam that's hot lol
I have more iPhone cases than a 14-year-old Japanese girl
Thanks as always for the RT! Hope your Monday is going well! :)
Nothing like getting ur nails did after spending hours at the DMV. Patience is not my virtue.
" no #FF means Follow Friday. I'm suggesting that my followers, follow you. :)
We will Celebrate Halloween with happy hour prices Friday and Saturday from 11pm-2am
The special issue of the New Age, the opinion piece in The Crisis, and the discussion in The Freewoman are particularly interesting.
I ate spaghetti for lunch so I'm totally prepared for Bloomsday tomorrow.
Where's my mace ?
GIANTS!! Brady's kryptonite! What a game
text me
So I can't wait till i goe home and be with my baby Igh august needs to come sooner
La Grande Illusion (1937), review: Jean Renoir's drama about the demise of Old Europe, La Grande Illusion, holds..
Yes they were mine, and thank you! :D
maybe they was high OSS
Call the popo!
i don't...but the window for Floyd/Manny is closing..not many people care anymore...
Itchin to get on the water
Never say die. Say "dice." Otherwise people will know you play Dungeons & Dragons.
Dear microwave, why is my plate so hot, yet my food so cold?
No no. I was thinking of Burton Baton. It's an English Old Ale mixed with Imperial IPA.
We have 666 followers...that can't be a good sign. Quick, tell someone you like to follow us!
we will !
You killed it man. Your fans are "Begging" for you to go to the finale.
BRO WERE SO COOL SURFING IN THE SAND
so, you turned 40 yesterday? Happy B-day, Tine. I guess I can't help it - 2009 was rough and I put on a lot of weight, lol.
goodnight sweetheart
Math test
SO Ready...lets do this!
“ we can still talk and thank u and if anyone says anything bad it's not me
Cause girl I gotta make you mine <3
FF4 Father is caramleinzing onions for our version of Five Napkin Burgers tonight! Yum!! Can't wait! Gruyere, rosemary aoili - delic!
“If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't f##k 'em!” ― John Waters
I am just sitting in my room and replaying over and over your cover. I <3 U!!!
] Timothy Ferris on how to lose 20 lbs of fat in 30 days without doing any exercise
's eyes are red in every single picture
Beyonce is a beast
It's a COJ tradition. Tried to ban Elvis back in the day
your so pretty(:
There are many things that I like about Austin, but the preponderance of burnt orange clothing is not one of them.
omg. for track!? I just got home too!
Today Marks 4 Years of An Amazing Online Banking Experience With ! No Unexpected Fees, No BS! Who Do You Bank With & Why?
Minakami: Wet and Wild « Sports + Travel Singapore
Saw chronicle finally, it wasnt as good as i had hoped but it was cool.
Omg yes!! Thanks for telling me
"Words without feelings, are like sails without wind"
Ugh, she's disgusting in it.
LO!! I should have :-D
ur face is going to stick like that.
just launched some new #FRESH gear: fplabel.com (hope all is well brother and the hustle is strong!) bless.
This is a great day for some Pho.
girl, at least you had a summer! :'( when will I see youu? About time I can make it to a CAC meeting!
So sad to see that is leaving :( he will definitely be missed.
In class ....just breezed through my final..yes...
Dude, Fielder sent that ball screaming!! Go #Tigers!
Swear I heard a "WHAT?" chant when RGI announced that last pick.
its is $8 for yours.
Wait Glossybox in the US is twice as much as Birchbox? Are the products a lot bigger?
Fat Tuesday - wish I was in New Orleans for the festivities!
thanks for the shoutout!
Has anyone ever wondered what the ratio of cars to parking spaces is?
On the 7th day of Xmas, my true love gave to me more hours.
Everyone have a great day and look out for two new blog post. One from me and a guest writer. :-)
What a beautiful day at Posh!
search bags
Guess what I'm listening to. HINT: 2001.
"Like" Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win #FREE #photoretouching!
RT : Caro: "What if Jon Stewart asks me how LBJ would've handled the issue of gay marriage?"
miss you felicia!
shout out to the mad skillz multitasker who can edit videos and still listen to #sociallaw talk - edit my vids pls =)
i want to make love to you
Did you think it's delicious?!
Whats up man! I'm coming out to shoot photos at Sutra tonight! Can't wait to cover your set.
I'm G for gangsta, you G for
Happiness is a state of activity.
Thanks for following me!
I think Denver had more matchup problems for the Lakers than the Thunder. We already know MWP can lock down Durant.
Eminent Domain is nothing more than the state version of "All your base are belong to us"
I never knew Marshall Grossman, but he once gave a very generous readers report on a very poor article I submitted to some journal.
shocked to pt of insltg a stranger at how this Prez has (or could have) U so snowed- he's a grasping, willing & lawless bagman
Sweet show tonight at shooting
Switching to DirecTV after this commercial fiasco, someone's getting fired
Game night at the tonight was great! Nice to get out of my comfort and mingle with new people.
Great hockey game...go
I plead the 5th :P
when I have a crush on someone I always think that they'll never like me back :( but I gotta go to sleep, school tomorrow -_-
DJing w Sonidero at the in #Flagstaff #Arizona for #CincoDeMayo Saturday night! holla
hows Nancy Grace still have a show..didnt she base her whole thing on tot mom..that didnt work out
I hope everyone voices an opinion to their political representatives concerning PIPA & SOPA
hoe I be outside
is saving a table for you!
I messaged youu.
lol yeah oh and btw he is transgender but hes a boy he never changed organs and stuff. here read this walejeydon.tumblr.com
actually find out if we can split one, that would be a fun photo shoot
Sad I missed - next year!
Whenever my mom makes four cheese pasta, she makes enough to feed half the world
Miss you as well.
too bad about orientation... it still sucks
My dad was white. He said the same shit. RT : Black Parent: I'm A Knock Some Sense Into Your ass!
It's our last day of school. Me dancing around the kitchen is goin' down in 3...2...1...
Just bought TheAudacityOfHope, The Human Factor:inside CIA's dysfunction, a vampire bk & a chick lit. You can't say I am not well rounded.
I need to reach 1k followers pleassssssseeeee help =D
yay! Time to get your room cleaned and pimped out<3
Final paper of the semester: done
All my votes go to and !
Thanks so much for the #FF :)
: bring the money home then.
RT Tweet your favorite song pick & include #BingLounge & to enter for a dedication!
In Seattle area, I bet sales of beer shot up Sat. morning, followed by aloe vera Sun., & sunscreen (future prevention) on Mon.
u, , and did that. Y'all stay ballin in the mix
With the new and improved hashtag #tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber maybe you should add #lifelock as one of your sponsors? Y/N?
that's almost a full three months!! Enjoy it girl! 👑🏆👑🏆
Joey Barton. Never play again.
i know i already told y'all this but... I FUCKING HATE RESEARCH
any specific aspect of D & G? Let me know as I have a large folder full of PDFs pertaining to these dudes
Gotta go I'm watching The Princess Bride. Andre The Giant was great in this movie. Later peeps.
Todays a 2pac day , which means
Girl, he obviously doesn't want you anymore! HE LEFT YOU!!! Why do you think he tells everyone that you two never dated?! Hm..
BIGGEST FAN :-)
I cried when I never use to get my way
I would rather just spray that wrinkle free stuff on it and just wear it. Cancel out the ironing haha
Sorry about the whole earthquake thing, Baltimore. Experiment to power Boogs BBQ using nuclear fission not such a good idea after all.
Bass tip: When playing in drop "D" and whole step detuning modes larger gauge strings can help stabilize your instrument,try it ,it works!
Thanks for having us for today's discussion! And thanks for the mentions and !
Oh the red eye to DC for less then 6 hours......hoping I can sleep on the plane.
I hear there is confusion? Write anything to me, could just be a letter. In return I will send you 2 WINNERS for today. Free! Save your .99!
Where is & ? I haven't talked to them in forever o:
Thats just sad # Rose
I absolutely agree. Teal *rocks!* Surely that's exactly what was intended, right? :)
Hit me up when you need a REAL drummah!
I think it was fine! Dont worry about it!!
Happiness is a continuation of happenings that are not resisted. :)
thats quite the mental image. technically no but some big questions were answered tonight.
We placed 5th at the 9th Annual Rockabilly Chili Contest - Congratulations Riverwest Co-op for the three-peat!
Thank you for an inspiring and super smart talk yesterday. Everyone is still buzzing!
Just enjoyed a nice 7 mile run through Potomac Park! Perfect night.
RT #Follow Friday: good tweets:
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
I was leaning toward geek, but Pi as a nerd movie put me back in the middle. I LOVE PI!
Reminder: We're re-opening at 9pm with $2 FREE PLAY! It's also happy hour 9pm-midnight!
A late adopter, but I finally broke down to add this new-fangled technology. :D
love it
It was great to see you Seb! Thanks so much for making the trek and safe travels. Looking forward to LAWDI!
Alright. All caught up with #hbogirls and also addicted. LOVE.
If I am worth JESUS dying for, then HE is worth me living for.
I don't understand how celebs make so much money while most Americans have no money and can't get a job. Fuck that shit
So glad you participated!
Why is davidson in man def? Go zone, force perimeter shots.
Sorry for spam. Wait. No I'm not.
what no pic? You can't say something that without sharing lol
What do you love to text about?
We are in for an exciting final 8 minutes here.
I dont do da crowd shyt causes to much attention! !!
A2: Too much premium will come into play when those seats cannot be sold. Otherwise, build, build, build.... :)
watchin #raw :D i love the name pablo :D
Every bottle is a twist-off if you don’t mind bloody hands.
Gonna be a long week.
Damn that's really all I have to say...DAMN
Also: 's singing as Lee Marvin on THE SIMPSONS is more tolerable than the real Lee, and wagon-painting is never addressed.
Awesome...and NYC!!! (Can't believe you run more than me now!)
💜FOLLOW HER PLEASE💜
Congrats Delta Tau chapter , named Sisterhood of the Year at !
Clothes dnt make the person the person makes the clothes
I love family nights.
Baking sugar cookies with my nephew :)
About to put some work in with make sure you guys follow them, they got some dope music.
Lolololol I see RT“: Shits about to get REAL ": Just seen mom in the office uh oh"”
quoting journey?
I love this verse :) Mark 5:36
I don't plan2do any covers of songs w/my astounding6+octave singing maybe sum obscure4charity.I don't feel da need2own someone else's legacy
sorry my phone is broken! and disconnected!
what's up with bears in Berlin?
yesssir @ whiteout bc he love the
What's next?Show who you are! Define #washington #DC at bit.ly/u6RHyv Send videos to !
Gettin my hair done!
Testing going great! Scanned ~1500 images of ~700 artifacts at the Afro in less than 14 hours, with only one machine up and running!
I've hit that point of the day where all caffeine consumed has worn off. It's all downhill from here.
Christmas shopping.
Always give with a HAPPYheart because that's what makes it realThe greatest gift of all is how it will make you and others feel-DeepakChopra
I spy ! First sign of spring...Pasty white people comin out of the woodwork round the lakes! J n I fit in well!
All hands are currently testing the new web sales interface. I'm proud of the team today. I really think you're going to like this.
hi Revon, we are an online casting room. See www.fitforthepart.com :)
Picked up Philip Rivers this week on my fantasy football team...pretty pumped.
ha HA! and hopefully at lest a few apples to pick in the fall.. :-/
Lmao, OKC is running away!!!!! RT if u and ur bff dnt leave me alone!!!!
its a beautiful day again yesterday was hot as fuck!
thanks for being good friends and being my crutches :)
Audition: New Horizon Theater, Inc (Pittsburgh, Pa) presents I Gotcha! Joe Tex and the Soul Clan! Details follow...
I physically can't get up
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop
for what
jealous, I have yet to go
#Firefly marathon on ? I just found my afternoon plans.
interesting!! I'm fine thank you how r u
More than 100 Norwegians have served in more than 100 international operations. Today we honour their service.
I'm not a good poker player because my poker face and my I'm taking a huge dump face are exactly the same.
Damn i hate being shy!
Tell us about the instrument orbiting Vesta.
Last. I like the freshening aspect. RT Do you eat your pickle first or last?
Thanks for the follow. Love your podcast!
This is a fantastic resource-- thanks for sharing. Is it Friday yet? Can't wait for this to be delivered.
Get in a car, start driving, stop when you feel your car go 'bump.' (ps: any East Coast time for you this trip?)
Happy Thursday! Guess what? Entertainment will be in two rooms on Saturday!!!!! Whatever you flavor we have something for you!
good night <3 :)
Frickin BBQ joints! I'll show ya BBQ!
The sun goes down the stars come out and all that counts is here and now, my universe will never be same i'm glad you came <3
well said!
You have a right to your own opinion? Then I have a right to tell you how fucking stupid it is.
red or white wine?
Nothing better than listening to 80's music while working!
hm ok haha
Ayn Rand is completely wrong. Brilliant people need normal people far more than the other way round. Only the insane are autonomous.
If you're going to wake me at 4 am it's best if you're wearing foot-y pjs and that your cuteness overwhelms the situation. coffee please :)
A week from tonite is our preview!!! And, we've just started our 4th year!!!www.theatrecompany.biz
Starved...cant eat but need to
fudruckers at noon then ths rest of day is up for what ever
I'm srry I rly am pls don't be mad Naomi ),:
plays drums like a cowboy
Oh my neighboor called. the police came but only 1 cop car for 50 kids smh
Mia Francesca, Davanti Enoteca, of Chef and Restauranteur Scott Harris' Chicago-restaurant group, now open Del Mar Highlands Town Center.
We loved having you guys the footage looks great ! we will have it up very soon:)
Aww, go glad you like them! HB!! And thanks for the RT! :)
congrats!! I expect to see some funny shit from you!
I hope you find him soon!
...bitch is you crying?! Hell Nawl !
I have finally gotten used to the idea of reading a book on my iPhone. Wow, that took, like, a year and a half to get to.
When shit goes down and sides are taken, you find out who's real and who's faking
wow. you could probably send that tweet to several people.
Who's there?
We did. Nothing like some HH to counteract a long hike in the Metroparks. Lol!
#PeopleMoreInfluentialThanRihanna Chris Brown cause come on he did win Round 1
Voter Registration at Brooklyn College today. Go register to vote Brooklyn College students.
It's all about the GRIZZ baby!!
Whether or not I ever gain enough mastery to do significant research in the language, I feel the effort is worth it.
o shit my bad.. I think I unfollowed by accident
Really enjoying being at 's #Gigs4Good for Good people doing good things!
Take that, and rewind it back. Anytime got the gym to make your booty go *clap*
check us out on Facebook and trojanvision.com! If you like what you see, send us an email at !
probably by the weekend? haven't touched the camera since coming back.
spin Thursday
Happy Leap Day !
There are no prerequisites,other than a good attitude & general interest in ballroom dancing. Don't worry if you think you don’t have rhythm
That's what life just is ! One big movie and guess what? You're the character that dies at the end !
I heard some rumblings about it. Think we can get some in time for the home opener?
I think there is something more important than believing: Action! The world is full of dreamers not taking action. Have faith, take action.
so glad to see u! Gave up sugar two months ago and have never felt better! My kids see the difference too!
Slumber party is combo of kid's new "Cat Club" & rock star theme w/ guitar-shaped b-day cake. Cat Club is for girls who like cats. Duh.
Thanks a million! super excited about this!!
#languagetrainingtip especially to speak at the cognitive level they do now. Think how you thought as a child compared to now...
let's build a guitar
Really enjoyed teaching on BVOV w/ Kenneth Copeland last week..
Steph and her roomie's bf are coming too.
Im scared to date in trenton anymore. Errbdy dun had errybdy already ! It simply starts out wit a
"embrace yourself. Embrace your health"-lil b
Good for you. You have voted!
I have concluded that the rotation of the earth is slowing down while wages have remained steady.
Im Boutt To Be Back On My Twitter Shitt :)
Fatal error: Call to a member function getImage() on a non-object in /usr/local/www/data/opencollection/tag_game/index.ph...
oh haha yeah you kinda do. ;P
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
and now Jason Stackhouse on New Girl!
"Shawn Lane is a big influence I got into later...." Love to see the Best cited by the Greatest (or is it vice versa?).
so proud of you! U came so far! I absolutely love the video! Please come back to NY
What's up kid
Thank you & for an amazing #juniorleague training @ #nwxportland! So much information & so many ideas!!
Yes definately, Any suggestions?
Get a car, fill it with people, take them to Wall Street. GO NOW. Don't hurt nobody. Don't get hurt.
Starting Monday, we are giving you the chance to fly to Beverly Hills to see an exclusive screening of "Part of Me" and MEET !!
Brand New + Unit Six + Friday = APRIL FOOLS DAY COVER SHOW! YELLOWCARD. BLINK182. RAMALLAH. BRAND NEW
no I didn't and well this guy was like abusin my friend Rachel so I went over o his house right when he answere te door I
Haha yeah hopefully
I love you!
When kobe leave the nba I'm done watchin it. Its getting too soft now
Is it just me or does Firefox run at 100% CPU for anyone else?
bring me one! LOL
So jus kno when you fuck with gorrilas gorrilas gone show you its really whatever bitch
I kept asking the barista to level w/me but she played me :/ My fav girl quit & they took my fav drink off the list.
Waiting for My Heat and the gay ass magic to come on.
Please livetweet more classes!!! I miss being a student. :(
somewhere thats relaxing and peaceful
Beginning day 4 of #SXSW. Last night's movie, "The Sheik and I", featured the most intense and bizarre Q&A I've seen. Best Doc so far.
Be silly! Be honest! Be kind!
hey Paula you really think Sandberg would make a good big league manager ???????
If a dead body is left in a swimming pool too long it explodes
Happy Birthday
RT Why doesn't anybody live-tweet moments of silence?// I just did but I was twhispering.
Tagging that ass!! Lol
why all of a sudden does govt deem necessary to mess with the internet? They don't understand a damn thing about it.
You know you've been on my mind.. Everytime I miss you. .
#AT&T all day twitches! Verizon suckas! 😝
Im sorry if i DM u spam, idk why but my computer keeps sending it, i know its annoying!
Oh hunny. You should never poke a wild thing with a stick. Unless it's a very BIG stick.
Nothing is perfect.......except for brownies.!
Ha, I know. Just kidding. It's like a radio show that you can download and listen to whenever you'd like.
Daniel is hosting a "Cover the Night" meeting tomorrow at Three Friends Coffee House near St. Francis church. 201 SE12th bring a friend!
Missed the memo...where are the #twitter backgrounds??
Dinner was great, on our way to the club now, see you tomorrow twitter
there is abundant sunshine here this weekend. Too bad we didn't get home field advantage.
Thomas updates his Facebook, Beckett plays golf with a sore arm. SAME THING. SELFISH ASSHOLES.
Boot shopping. Fuck your jordans. If it ain't animal skin it's not a shoe.
that would be incredible!
Our vet has agreed to donate to our walk!! Yay, I can pick up a check this week!! Every penny helps!
why would you guess ?
Please bring back the blue and yellow sirens behind the basket for 3's!!!!
That morning when you can just feel something EPIC is about to happen. Priceless.
Thanks, I'll take a look
images leaked from mountain Lion beta that show iCloud file System & integration into finder so it would b great for ios
What's next? Eagles draft two more linebackers and a safety? Juan Castillo must quietly be running this draft.
Posting the need and the readiness for change. Let'n the universe know I'm ready and puttin it out there.
uhh im with him.
it does look a bit like a muffin with shaving foam on top!
Next time...
You just have to do your own thing, no matter what anyone says. It’s your life.
I was wondering if you were going to say more. This is quite right I think. Pray in multiple ways, often,
let me know when you send them hints
Such a beautiful day out side! Jk its down pouring!
2dayztill ; beach in a few
#Shoutout to for letting his friends on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn know about #YoungeHollywoodBlast!
our ribs win the NFL Tailgate Part award for best BBQ
Does seem strange to write a few thousand words and then decide it based on fuel economy stats, no?
Senators<3333 hope u ranger fans are happy;D
I did, and it squished my face
OMG, CAN THIS NIGGA STOP BULLSHITTING! I JUST WANT MY FUCKING IPOD, ARE YOU SERIOUS!?
So my parents want me to quit my job....
Great to see you last night!
why are yall messing with my baby
“: "There's a reason why I've played for 4 teams in 5 years," by Ramon Sessions.” ~ lol
:( miss you
still can't believe the cats are in the final four!
Hey Jessica! I wrote/produced Jocelyn Enriquez and Jaya's first hits, and I'm a big fan of you. More power & don't stress. :)
hahahaha find me
We are on the road in Ohio and Idaho this week. Stay tuned for more of my adventures with Flat Robin! :-)
nah lil spot called tap t Room.... cheap ass drinks
so much for sharing :(
