where are you staying at this year?
RT : thank u m'dear! Whatever works, right? #lrnchat <--Always!
NOW IT STAYS.
Posted up
This is the best day EVER! Santa Clause is everywhere:)
Put together a project in five minutes.
Hey bro..follow back man..
Congrats to on its catering partnership with the legendary Chef Cindy Pawlcyn. We'll drink to that!
It's National Volunteer Week, a great time to get involved in your community. Remember, your Salvation Army needs you!
Two fat kids in an McDouble eating competition, who wins!?!?
I just got invited to a fb event group for my 10 year hs reunion. Just realized I wasn't very good friends with 85% of my class.
Exactly, similarities are there... unless they lose. Then it's all for nothing like Briere in Gm 2 on ECF
Do you favor calling a special legis session on restoring collective bargaining? Among Dem primary voters, yes 52%, no 39%.
No situation is ALWAYS gravy! But its ALWAYS a maybe!..u betta embrace what u DO have b 4 U loose it! #yougonelearnoneDAY!
NO FOLLOW? MY LIFE = OVER. LOL JK IM NOT THAT DRAMATIC.
taking out the trash with let's get some edits done
When someone adds me as a friend on Facebook, the first thing I do is go through all their pictures.
Driving down Muegge Road <
I love my Grandma <3
Get down here for lunch; we've got Kashmir Chicken Stew and Fire Roasted Tomato w/ Cheesy Croutons!
jazz man nothing better than turning on some Miles Davis and drinking rum on the rocks.
Good way to recover from the weekend- 8 mile run this afternoon!
Rigth now i'm making a college pic for <3 <3 for you pey :D
I am losing any sense of time. Weeks no longer exist only a constant stream of days.
hope you had a great time!
Love that Celtics guys have been trending all night: Ray Allen, Glen Davis, Jeff Green, Delonte West, LETS GO CELTICS!!
RT! Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm! Let's do this!
lmao wtf? Yeah he's not that brightest kid...
- So you saw a show about being famous on basic cable?
Im going to pick up the world and drop it on your fuxking head.
If anyone has a better strategy for using Klout, I'd love to hear it. Otherwise, I'mma keep on mashing buttons like it's Mortal Kombat.
Had so much fun last night!! 💗
did you sign up and make your picks for The Dance? Starts today.
Merry Christmas everyone. So far, so good. Santa got me a Chi and a flat screen tv, and my family is getting along. I need to knock on wood.
Love paid the ultimate sacrifice when Jesus died on the cross for you. Jesus was saying,I love you This much.
DAVIS!!! #orioles Badass game
Get Marmol out of there yesterday...during the rain delay.
Yeah! :) We miss talking to you! D;
My Hill hoes smell like Homewood bitches too
answered a trivia ? And got um. Free! Haha Paty we were more and likely right next to each other
THE BEST GYROS ON EARTH!!!!
I'll be releasing a free EP on June 1st! Who's gonna download it?
meet us and find out what we are all about! 3/12/12- 6pm The RIO 9535 Park Meadows Dr. Lone Tree
be lucky your voice gifted unlike me.... -___-
Dumpster diving.
Norman Vincent Peale
Count me in for the DH hub.
THRILLER NIGHT IS MAY 13TH!!!! (FRIDAY THE 13th)
Sources tell me the RED CROSS preparing backpack kits for 200,000... Is the BIG 8.0 going to hit? Recently in CO officials met to discuss...
yup. Which one do you like? I have redlaser
"Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly"-Rose Franklin.
I hate phony bitches
God, the replacements are not inspiring though.
Muse - Time is Running Out = Eargasm <3
Which of these do you use? And why? and/or
Love reading long run posts and race reports. Keeps me motived and excited.
So ace right now.
Provide clear error messages for forms: with indication to location of error & how to resolve the error.
RT : It's not how you start ... It's how you finish that counts....FINISH STRONG!
Imma say to PTC goodluck you need it becuase WE ARE GOING TO WIN!!
The social data landscape is like a spreadsheet with an error in random rows, which makes it all BS
how about cemeteries in the dark and creepy men in trucks? Haha
Dr. Ladson-Billings is one of mine. I'm glad we share a she-roe
I Better Find My Charger Fast...
Goodnite BOO Love you ♥♥♥
I want Chatter for free! And
Samardzija better be good today after saying you can get a good nap during the Sox game. ☺
I hope that this relationship doesn't have any major problems.... I don't think I could deal with it...
Dear boys...Jeffree Starr eyebrows don't look good on everyone. lol
my, my, my. You're so flattering. :')
Thank you for the retweet.
Why do I feel like I'm about to pass out everything I come out of a tanning bed 😓
that's some sound advice
Awesome! Can't wait to see what you've come up with Mike.
Hey Marc Webb. You've just directed "Spider-Man" one of the summer's likely blockbusters. What's next? Madison West H.S. 20th reunion.
WHOS READY TO PLAY GUESS THE SONG?! RT
Happy Humpday to u too! :)
G.M.N.I.: I don't partake in said festivities. However, if I did, would saying I never had a father be a fair excuse? No.
Don Corneilus is gone, RIP, we are wishing him Love, Peace & Soul!!!
no im not. so that should tell u something. lol
beaverton service location sucks. Out of 9 available windows only 3 are open. Waiting room is full.
MYSPACE PROFILE is being rebuilt.. UPDATED ON JANUARY 1st!!
No joke. Moving up in July... I will or course inform you of any developments :D
Some people play stuff out way too much. Let that shit go already lol
jk but your stomach is mad at you this morning
Shoot for the moon even if you miss, holy fuck your in space!
oh, right, thought you had but wasn't 100%. Looking forward to having you again!
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
me and #OOMF gon chill one day soon
Soaking up lunch hour sun rays. Our office is chill, very chill. I need a desk side snuggie. This calls for afternoon coffee.
Take your macbook!
For great writing/promotion tips
Thnx all good
I've been loving the last few days. I've met some amazing new friends & reunited-ish with old ones. So thankful for my current place in life
Seeing the third guy that looks just like pops walk by, I know the AGU is in town.
Omg award ceremony next :o
Applying at blockbuster
Dear Miami heat be careful you might be in the 80's again.
I can't.... Sdjkfkjrheojrgdjdkf UGH
Im a voodoo child.
Janet Jackson Blackglama Collection!!!
Mirror, Mirror cute as can be.
Happy booze day! Um, we mean Tuesday: Happy Hour, 3-7pm & Half Off Wines by the btl, 5pm. Now you have something to look forward to, cheers!
on the real bro monkey bizz
um where can i see it send a link.
Oh yes! Poor Jon has to be my victim.
Reading #McCarthy's #SUTTREE might put you off watermelon for life. #Harrogate's crime
yay :) I will order pizza lol
hey please follow me! I love you<3
I must be a thermostat for my students. This is a challenge. Time is a big factor. I do try to bring in the outside world to the class
lol! Stop! I think it Wrigley that is the black cloud! Hate to say it but Wrigley need to be upgraded!
What made me smile today:
Another friend of mine ODed yesterday, she is in the hospital. I pray she will be ok.
Sat next to a single man getting a pedicure at the nail salon on Gay St. Had mixed feelings, but in the end decided he was on to something.
mann that shyyt was funny ass hell <3 but imagine if everyone was quiet?" :o
It's time to clean up my blog roll. Getting rid of blogs that seem to be dormant or don't have a link to Babelpop on their sites.
I am verklempt. Overwhelmed. And I will #zollways love you.
Got it. Did you get our email this morning okay? Thanks for reaching out!
the cover photo of the good beer seals page inspired me. Also what did u mean, we have flavor they have purity? how they start
Also, You can order the lobster tostadas anytime as well! 
cant wait to leave ugh long day!
nice pants... can i test the zipper?
Sure thing—See ya there on Thurs, Brian!
Where's my LA people at?
you still headed up here?
I love this Pic!
absolutely! Its right on the verge here in Albany NY.
PickUpLine: You remind me of a blue ribbon bass. I don't know if I should mount you or eat you.
please austin follow me please
Me neither!
On a scale of 1-10 how bad do you take the word cunt to be?
Lol you talking to daddy ?
Music you're so good to me!
ok time to get ready for rehearsals and get to this subway to get my grub on hehehe
Final session, apps and iPads in libraries. Yay!
In recent months the NYT's app has ranked between 500 - 700 overall in the App Store. Since Newsstand top 5 and now 1. Big change.
just a fan baby girl
boys in baseball pants>>
you know it's 2 AM when you've called a variable "fuckedTime"
Sonya Swiridjuk (SonyaSwiridjuk) thanks for the follow.
Your boy was in charge all day!!! #wheretheydothatat! I held it down!!!
I am not justifying HBO’s business model. I just find the sense of entitlement to entertainment hard to stomach.
fair point i missed that tweet and will blog about this stuff
Re-organized & re-wrote all the content for a 65-page web site in the past 6 hours. It's only a draft, but at least the draft is done!
MUCH better than the first one. Up top! LOL
is this a crazy game or what?! Go Mexico!
cheers...me too :)
#sljsummit10 Abram: role of librarians: building ciritical connections betwn information & knowledge=move beyond teaching kids to find stuff
haha. But if we text I could have you "approve" the pics (;
I could eat Mac n cheese for every meal
I look up to the sky thanks to “: Never thought I'd ever say "booty glitter" on air.”
How does one become a butterfly? You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar.
dood... the Google+Twitter integration extension is so much better than the twitter layout. Facebook... you've been fucked hard lulz
Good looking pup. Keep those football tweets coming :) RT : Tweet about dog: Everyone responds. Those that asked: Axel Nagler
HOW YOU KNOW YOU DIDN'T SLEEP ENOUGH: You pick up your wireless mouse from your desk, flip it over, and try to send a text message. *sigh*
long story
clinics r back! explore thai acupressure 4 orthopedic disorders. learn about self. #thaiacupressure: routines that aim to relieve PAIN.
RT : I'm learning that generosity doesn't have to be difficult. Just give what you have often. It's a state of mind.
great let me know how you like my tweets and let me know if I say something dumb...
The important thing is the family. If you can keep the family together - and that's the backbone of our whole business... - Walt Disney
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly
follow and check out his music!!
Girls, please. Don't wear tank tops under your crop tops.
u can call me.babe
ERIN MCDOUGALD JAZZ QUARTET PERFORMS TONIGHT at www.alteatro.us *downstairs* 10pm-1:30am! Brick-oven pizza,gelato, wine cellar..
If they are not going to consider you a priority, then why should you?
i didn't get past the first round unfortunately, smh. Waiting to get my feedback. One to grow on I guess.
The frog was boiled a long time ago.
I figured it had something to do with salary.
So the argument as to why Lebron (MVP) or Dwyane Wade (Former Finals MVP) didn't take the last shot is because lebron and wade were off? -->
Taking A Smash.
...... AND PLAY SOME FUCKING MORE !
you better be! lol
I love timehop but since I know the future, I can't be too excited about year-ago-Diana finding a room in an apartment.
Rehearsing with tropicofpisces lately. So much fun...
The next thing you know.... im big in japan... <3
Wishing you where here when I listen to that song but then I skip the track & in glad I ain't got you.
hey hey!!! lunch was necessary!
": can someone please invent a phone with a massive keyboard so that my fat thumbs will stop making typos?" Galaxy Note lol
im from Arizona!
Have you seen today's Milwaukee Groupon? Half of clothing at Boutique Larrieux — the city's premier plus-size boutique in the Third Ward! xo
I finally switched over to Splenda from sugar. I am going to get cancer, but I am going to be the skinniest bitch with cancer.
Good night my love and follow me PLEASE Please love you
Just accepted and offer to be the official photographer for the creation of a 2012 modeling calendar
ur the skunk!
Do you live in the twin cities area? Don't forget to swing into Corazon to get your attagirl items and tons of other great stuff!
Current estimates put close to 50 million Americans who cannot afford healthcare. We are here to help with Prescription Assistance!
Sick like a dog :(
GAGA WAS F* FANTASTIC!!!!!
pretty good m'lady
Mike Goldberg on Gustafson, "you can't simulate 6'5" in training."
I do! underwhelmed by the stylist (Kelsey?) but liked the salon and my cut.
RT : I'm getting scared of the new programming generation crowd when I hear: "but... but... what's malloc ?!?"
WATCHING KIM & KOURTNEY TAKE NEW YORK I LOVE YOU GUYS AND BABY MASON!!!!!
Have any men out there ever gotten stalked by someone online? #pii2012 #piiLabs I wasn't actually scared by it - I was too busy to care.
RT : Finally indexed my first centenarian (101 yrs old). Surprised it took this long.
Only time that faculty are available. ;-)
"If you go to Z'ha'dum you will die."
that's the problem with skinny ties, you have to wear a shirt
I say can kick some major ass:)
So....anybody know if BRoy is still in the Rose Garden? They brought him in, he sat for less than a quarter, and left?!
times are coming down, track is drying
Playing in the $5k Perfect SnG Freeroll in 30 minutes. I hope to go deep into the tourney tonight.
Whatever you do dont look at his neck.
Not stopping at Denny's. Going to McD's (again) instead.
Wondering how Philip Glass feels about the Downton Abbey theme
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!! He is a #guymahomie and
That's always good. What inspires you?
Watching S2E3 of "Kingdom": That's supposed to be an American accent. Ha! Gotta love it!
Need to cut these politicians fat salaries + perks and put them on feta cheese.
If you can provide a route number, direction, location and time this happened we would like to look into it. Thank you.
Does anybody have dodgeball, cause like I really want to watch it, & they don't have the movie in Walmart
QoTD: "Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely." (Auguste Rodin)
Love meeting with our partners & hearing about the impact all of you are making :) thanks for the wonderful meeting !
"Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe." ~Anatole France
are you zip lining ?
stoked to chat next week!
that was pretty surreal. I'm here, we'll have to meet at the break.
Check out 's contest. They're giving away guaranteed seats in classes and a $5k Scholarship. Strong supporter of
seriously somebody just rt somebody who spelled it like that lol
Hey tweeps, we've switched our Twitter account -- please follow us over at twitter.com/berecruited or ! Thanks!
So far, I have 331 books on my Goodreads list and it's spitting out great recommendations.
Starting a new girl band is never easy, but someone has to do it!
Alexis is bad news bro.
4 nights off whoop! Whoop!
OMG me too! RT "All By Myself" always reminds me of Bridget Jones, haha
Pawn Celeb News; Due to the fact made a public announcement be was battered and aborted a child ppl are blasting her
will we ever know who the real wizard is??
Thank you RGIII for being so awesome, because of you my other team the Rams will finally be good again.
“: Whats up,if your not busy is it ok if you listen to a couple of tracks by my bro” DM me a YouTube link.
— Congrats on moving to GitHub!
right. Like noone is hiring xD
ok... is it a bad sign when the cat nearly knocks the picture of the husband off the nightstand because he's jealous?
You know Ciaras up there with cereal but maybe, maybe above cereal
The flag is up! A Hurricane Cocktail after cutting the lawn: 2 gold rum, 2 light rum, 1 lime juice, 1 passion fruit syrup, shaken well & up!
Come on E you still use the aqua Net huh?
It was funny to me, cause I know what that's like.
Yo Mama! for lunch with !
when I found steve
Musicians wanted for Downtown Market - Clarksville Leaf Chronicle
We imagine that we want to escape our selfish and commonplace existence, but we cling desperately to our chains
FOLLOW MY BRO FOR THE HOTEST BEATS MUSIC PRODUCING RNS GET YA Weight UP FELLAZ FOLLOW the producer NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
R U wearing blue today in honor of World Autism Awareness Day?
Felicity Jones, Kristin Scott Thomas and Tom Hollander Join Cast for Ralph ... - Hollywood Reporter
don't claim to be a bisexual chick if you just receive head but you don't have the balls to give it.
very interesting project! Are you using speech-to-text?
“The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.” — Nietzsche
Just got home.. I have the biggest headache right now.
Don't scold me and then try to connect with me 5 minutes later.
Proclaim His name.
#brewer game tonight, man do I want them to clinch the title while I'm there.
Know what finally made me say "screw it" to dieting? Watching a Photoshop tutorial feat. Katy Perry. If she's not pretty enough, no one is.
I would love to see what me and Ne-Yo could come up with in the Studio. This guy is dope!
The fire is burning is rockin!!
Yes they do. I had a friend who worked for an entertainment television show and they had death watches and obits ready to go.
My sister frinds out my shit.
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis. When I was dead broke man I couldn't picture this.
Just picked up keys to our future pop-up shop. Build-out starts tomorrow!
yea yea, obviously you a liar too
Beautiful event tonight @ the elegant 900 Biscayne w/ Electric Avenue, Commissioner Sarnoff, Silvia Morales and many wonderful Downtowners
Nap time! <3
Tell us why you are happy! Send us a photo of yourself saying "I am happy in __(your city)__ because _____." <3
I BELIEVE IN YOU GROUCHY PAPA BEAR :D
breakfast would of been nice lol CTFU!
Their cards are quite nice, agree.
Choe (9) came to me & told me she & her 2 friends stole boxes of candy from the concession stand @ school! Said she can't lie to me!
": you're just such a good tweeter!" That sounds bad...
Just saw a subway ad for an attorney named Justin Bieber. Marketing gold to all those 12-year olds in need of counsel.
Just completely caved in. Happens to the best of us. Did my part, we'll see what happens next. Insomnia makes you do crazy things. Bleh.
you are very gay indeed
i didnt smell him aha , its sounds so cute ! well kinda a little .
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Call NOW. $69 DIVORCE
How ignorant is he who knows all but not himself. ~Validivar
I have a new SearchMe link for Google. Google me in one click at: vizibility.com/bruce - From t.vizibility.com
LOL I keep saying no to Mr. Bean bc I think I don't like it; I think I should give him another shot! Good idea, keep em comin!
you hear about the big Chris Brown tour? He's gonna hit Madison, Virginia and Charlotte. Then the tour starts.
Research project for you: Douglas Dev gutting old DC govt printing office bldg, Reed St & Channing Pl NE. Rumored retail...
Have you tried Tamale Boy? We'd like to think ours are pretty good.
MLK Chicago Stat: Along MLK: Robbery is 6 times more likely than the rest of the city.
I miss #DaphneLovesDerby & #Wolftron SO MUCH! Please create music for me to listen to.
tight jeans, double D's make the boys go woo hooooooooooooooo.
Nearly had a mid-life MI pruning trees away from the roof. My Fitbit, biased toward legs, judged it only "moderately active."
sadly yes..he beat out..wait for it... Wait for it.....Jeff GArcia... Wow. “: Jake Delhome going to Houston?”
Pacer up at the half! No sign of the MVP! Chris Bosh might be hurt! Not looking so invincible now, huh Miami fans!
Its one big update resume day. I must have a bag of candy stashed somewhere in this place!
#ff It has a man from the future and a girl who probably plays with cat toys
O'Banion: 6 draft core principles 1) est. significant connection 2) integrated/mandatory intake programs 3) Programs of Study for all
RT : I'm singin #foramomentlikethis/Let's work on finding #big3 a new theme song
We’re experienced professionals with an eye out for your profits. --RPM Central Valley
Dad's love our cupcakes. We are open Sat 10-4 and our Westside store will be open on Sun 11-4.
watch it fuck around and be a Boston-vs-L.A. Finals smh
I'm going to have a heart attack!
i hate to do this to you but .. You dont get your ipod tell yountell me .
Alright. I think he's mad at me now. Ugh
Thanos in the next Avengers movie!! That part at the end of the movie was badass!!
My friend Aubrey, she has new camera.. wew
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
Twitter turned 5 :) is much older!
You know what I hate? People who answer their own questions.
thanks for the rt!
Thanks for the RT!
And Wild Ones by Flo Rida too
lol you can see under the skirt haha
I thought it would be Panda-like Indian but it's pretty authentic. I think someone was trying to be cleaver.
I'm part of a traveling couple...back from a RTW trip and not currently traveling, but feet are getting itchy...
Great job tonight!
battleship looks awful
Another day was a waste of makeup
no, but there's a first time for everything
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
hey kory how are you?:
yeah screw that kid
Disagree. Think Sun Tzu and the Art of War.
I heard the west coast is the best coast
I just think the "L" word as pejorative is inadequate and counterproductive.
RT : According to IMDBPRO "Spec scripts sales explode in October" #screenwriting #ScriptChat none of them mine I might add.
ill have 2 check that out.
oh god have to get tickets
Lauren Alaina looked amazing in the Live Idol Chat. :)
In Los Angeles & AREN'T going to ' taping? I loathe you & all you stand for (which can't be much) bit.ly/nXWfzC
When I'm chopping together cover art for that involves Clippy, I know it was a good episode. Out later today!
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.” - Thomas Jefferson
Finishing "About a boy" on #Netflix . Had 1 piece of my Greek dessert platter I purchased yesterday.
Don't scare me like that.
Keep them coming. I plan to use them all!
I loved b.o.b since nam... so yeah there ya go
Retweet if u are independent and always strive for what u need follow me and I will def follow u rite back ;)
Yeah I won't be back in jerz until 2:30.
Seriously, Who ARE you people who can stand 3 feet from a trash can and throw your crap on the ground?
How are things ? Long time no talk. How are your scripts coming? Do you have any television bibles in the works?
MT : Some girl just yelled "YOLO!" at me, I looked at her and said "Sleep it off freshman." #Mifflin2012 ||
#FF coming up. Going to try to mention everyone who is helping spread the news on #GOA2011 & #FESPAAmericas. Hoping I don't forget anyone :)
it hella boring what the family doing
Monsieur Lazhar opens this Friday. Cool stuff.
I can't get over that Carlos Fuentes quote in 's obit for him.
Yep getting all the fans together & try to help can hopefully change their minds.
Join Baltimore Real Estate Investing group for up to date knowledge! Commit & invest your energy & time working towards your wealth goals.
I had such a nice pre-birthday celebration day. Even though the musical generational gap between me and today's young things is widening.
I'm guessing he doesnt kno what a hand mirror is
I've been kelvin-ing so much today thhat my phone is at 10% :o
Just because I don't talk about my problems doesn't mean they don't exist..
Graduation: success.
just met with W. Cliff Oxford - Looking forward to Luxury Economics this week!
excellent. Our current recipe has no dried shrimp :)
I hope one day bieber will noticeme while wearing #someday!
Is it me or is it impossible to eat a whole meal of chick fil a by yourself?
How was your first day of Spring? Ready to say goodbye to Winter?
Great skill development workouts with Looking forward to more work!
Suspicious device causes evacuation in midtown neighborhood - KOLD-TV Suspicious device causes evacuation in midtown neighborhood KOLD-TV
Aw! Thanks so much! You are one of my all time favs!! :)
Everyone have one!!!!
Can I fast foward to college football season please?
The ownership of money and property comes as a result of doing things in a certain way.
About to see soo excited! 😁💘👍
Is there a less-believable cop than Martin Lawrence? Especially for an actor who has been a cop in 49 movies
Cats lead 7-5 Bottom of the 7th. Follow for updates
Definitely need to find a place to live soon!!!! If anyone has any suggestions of good spots to live, please Let me Know!! Thank you!
Why would Harry find a box of SheWee's in his room?
There is nothing more beautiful than a day like this in New York City.
no I can't.
Brandon Jacobs signed by the 49ers. That really sucks.
traveling with my mini mab bag for the first time.so happy with it!
Thanks for all you do for me!
Guess ill go to bed, gnite <3
I have to get caught up on
hahah him believing us <<<<
Nah ill be there Tuesday “ haha ok !..can't wait !..next Wednesday right ?”
Love watching first take, skip bayless a trip
angle and frequency of films are so often overlooked by the intermediate artist, don't let a great design end up mediocre....
"wow" "awesome" "quite satisfying" "epic" (and T----s! Can't wait!)
Finally back home from practice (y)
#2011in3words: memories , regrets ,mistakes.
> Great. Hope to see you in Denver @ E12.
No lol It's the Girls Next Door, I always watch it when I work out
yes and I 'so happen' to bump into him (;
thanks for keeping off the streets. I'm thankful he doesn't live in my car any longer. Ok, my moms car.
Seriously, what the fuck?! It better stop.
Thank you so much for the sharing the article & for your kind words. & the team are glad you enjoyed the session!
My new house has an outdoor gym, I just come in from lifting it's 46degs out but I felt much stronger . pros and cons of lifting in the cold
I love you tweets! Just hit 700! Have a great "spring forward" weekend!
I hate being fucking late
I swear to god I saw somebody tweet exactly what just did the other day...
S/o to all the #love.. that seems to be the major thing we hear from ppl leaving the place.. we all fam
haha 😃 yes ma'am
I most def. will Sis luv ya so much RT let us know so we can celebrate in style!
RT GOOD LUCK ON THE GAME. FOLLOW IAMHEALTHYHAIR/ RACHEAL
Who likes to get tree high!
Dearest students, if your course evaluation forms look funky via Chrome, try opening them in a different browser, k?
Some people never learn how to grow up and act like adults, so sad that they have to create drama to feel like they have friends.
its geting worse by the second
oh no, who's next
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day...I think I know what I should get at the store today.
Going out to play in the snow!
BESt beautiful simmons
when someone tells you to go kick the bucket.. .-.
it's all about being persistent!
Almost missed the conference I was supposed to go to today AND I'm apparently tabling at an Entrepreneurship event on Fri
4 day weekend in New England!
because his hair is getting longer so it's starting to lay down.
- looking forward to hearing about it! Enjoy Athens!
I Been On SocialCam For A Year.. Where Y'all Been??
#TurnItUp for Charity! On 4/1, get the chance to vote for your favorite non-profit (, or ). Stay tuned..
Got my studio ready for business
so tired right now,
well im just saying interested really dose not mean mingle was just playing we could be friends is that cool with you
ya know what you're right, how was it btw
Less communism and more socialism. You should read more.
- the "And then it hits you " ads make no sense. I feel embarrassed for your ad agency.
Tiger might miss the cut lol
oh me too i'm sorry!! happy birthday love bug :) love you!
I really want some ice cream
Out here amongst the rats, the wolves in sheep clothing, the snakes, but imma Leo (Lion) none of it even bothers me!! By the way GOODMORNING
So excited for the parade on Dec 3rd, a little sad it's followed by the lighted yacht parade as i want to spread out the joy
you just love disney movies
4 games down 1 to go
That looks mis. Well a snowstorm with nowhere to go, kinda is.
It's one of those pet peeves days. Dog owners & old people driving. But you know what, Bikram Yoga did me right so I'm calm and cool.
I love FL. Thanks for the head's up! I will have to do some investigating. Do you know of any places I should check out for sure?
if I may Mr President.. He is an attorney
Hello who missed me
Yeah it's foolish to me. I didn't understand it on FB either.
Ha! MT If you're watching CNN Obama just said he supports same-sex marriage. If you're watching FOX he just made it mandatory
Meet us Thursday at 5:30 to see "OV Loves Downtown" a show benefiting Opportunity Village!
Yeah, well we're not making that mistake twice.
Congratulations. You will rock the world Go get 'em to all the 2012 grads.
If I was new York I would trade him now and get value for him!
thank you for the speedy response!
"Hungry for some real #Italian food? Look no further. Stop in today for some pasta and gourmet meatballs, made from Leo's original recipe. "
please go explain to congress how the internet works!
Double take on fashionbaggage.com
Ill be fine once I get it, I'll be good.
her too lol. Apologies for the random b in the
your voice is my drug.
I aint met a chick named Peggy in a long ass time
We at Iguanas in pico rivera and DJ Cruz
Just signed. Everyone should sigh this.
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning
We are at Scoma's
Anyone else notice the similarities between the 2012 Port of Morrow album cover & the self-titled album art from 2010.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
this was your first tweet lol. Get outta here haha. Where you been?? Forgot about me huh?
Gotten donuts twice today :)
There you go bursting my bubble.
you are so adorable Alex.
well the mets won and the yanks lost
"Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses." - George Washington Carver
Are there any great #chamber series coming up this autumn, we can still apply to?
Brazil challenge Blatter about corruption within FIFA.
ps can't wait for the toll paying for a bridge that doesn't exist
happy & sad at the same time .
Great #healthtips for women today memorial hospital la jolla.
My laptop isn't booting up. Thought it was power chord, but even with brand new one it isn't progresding past Dell screen.
Yes, bday party was great! Kindergarten boys are so funny and cute.
The Arizona Republic, my former (and 1st newspaper) employer, is named #Pulitzer finalist for Gabby Giffords shooting coverage. Super proud.
Who started this #broom crap?
Both teams are shooting the ball horribly
Knee deep in Digital #journalism homework ...... Still feels so weird to say that. 💻📝
on your way home?
Love Morning Benders! Nice.
Did you mean YOU add power to the Universe?
What's everyone up to in Houston today? This weather is beautiful!
He deleted most of them.
sorry for the late response but it's been ok and you :) ?
what no Grover?
The awkward moment when som1 tells u a stupid cheesy joke +_- and u try 2 force out a laugh so u won't b an ass
But just to make sure we're clear. Right now LP is on break and Kasey is not in the group. Just Melissa & Diana right now. :)
I'm downtown by Nordstrom and this gorgeous black Rolls Royce Phantom goes by. My eyes and about 5 others followed it down the street. Nice!
follow for follow?(:
so glad you enjoyed it. The Texas popper that is, not contagion. ;)
Listening to singing love the way you lie piano version. <3 AMAZING!!!!!
dang! that's quite some company to be in!
I have nobody woke to talk to :/
Working on final cours curriculum for webinar
you're welcome. Mostly sold in the mid-coast area. Go to the Cabin in Bath for pizza and a pitcher. Can't go wrong.
Roxxxy, the worlds first sex robot, has been unveiled this week in Las Vegas...Now there's a hooker the Secret Service won't go near
Met tons of interesting people at the National Retail Federation #nrf12 tradeshow in #NYC this week. Will be back next year for sure.
I wanna make a shoutout video with someone who's down:)
I like your avi
Obama to Mitt "good luck tonight"
Im having a panic attack D; I cant go up in front of the whole school tomorrow....I just cant. ._.
Good Morning Good Morning! I hope everyone has a beautiful lovely day!
All These Sunny Days.. But People Actin' Shady, Telling Me They Really Love Me.. But Silently They Really Hate Me
This is gonna be crazy-> RT : FREAK FEST 2012 TONIGHT AT TEXTURE NIGHT CLUB!! NO CAMERAS ALLOWED!! LADIES FREE TIL 11!!
I'm sorry about your house. Hope the insurance company is paying for at least some of the rebuilding?
hi signed orioles
who wouldn't? I know I have been cravin me some video diaries:)
This song sux
khuffman: #sla2010 Just landed in DC. Shared seat next to Tried to work some on conference notes.
print, web and mobile design
come find me this afternoon! (:
Hahaha I know. You know I got you, boo. ;-)
Men take only their needs into consideration, never their abilities. Napoleon Bonaparte
Iris, thank you so much!
Thanks to all of you for coming out and supporting the team this weekend!
Why did Angelina stand like that?
WIN! RT : Sand volleyball is seriously the best class decision I ever made
Yeah buddy! You?
San Francisco: where overweight Jerry Garcia lookalikes wake up and say, "It's a great day for a pleated skirt."
the teacher of K's group was elusive.
what i haven't figured out is what it means when people say like 4x4 and 5x5 and stuff.
I was bout to say something ;)
...FIND something to LIGHT the METAPHORICAL FIRE under you!!! ;-)
Get ready!! New tunes are almost here!
Upcoming in October..Refer a friend to Wicklesshop Candles Page on FB and receive FREE PRODUCT and more information...
Happy LEAP Day! Anything special going on on #Larchmont or #HancockPark or #MiracleMile?
What's your fav candy?
naw man....what kinda scene you looking for? there's lots of indie & hip-hop sh!t going down.
Ran intervals today and cut my run down from Monday...now onto making something with chicken for
coast to coast and summertime are my favorite summer songs ever <3 <3
You're welcome Paul for the mentions. Have an awesome Weekend! : ) XOXOXO
Ima just stay single..
Right now, I can announce that I've been accepted into the Student Affairs graduate program at Western Carolina University!!
Ontario offers very high feed in tariff for solar, but only if panels are built in Ontario. So now siemens building plant in Ontario.
Ill consider it RT : Yep emery and northfield*RT never been, ain't that out by northfield
I can feel the caffeine kicking in through my heart valves. I can listen to my brains shifting gears. I can crack my fingers again.
Watching The Wood :)
Hi Mike. Thanks for connecting. :)
God blessed me with Thick Skin
My punk ass is down in Tampa until Sunday ;)
the thought crossed my mind a time or ten that game.
You're welcome! and thanks for following me back ( ü )
thnks much appreciate!
There is always a way to move on, a road to travel on, a plane to fly on, a planet to live and a dream to survive on. David Swinden
sounds great! Cant wait to meet you!
Up to unit eight in my Italian language lessons.
do u think he likes me!?!?!?
By now the whole world knows... The great Whitney Houston has been confirmed dead. She was 48
Cleaning black mold from my living room window is not how I planned to spend my morning. Bleh!
Without discontent and desperate times there would be no opportunity to test your resolve - which ultimately shapes who you are.
You're welcome. Good luck.
Be yourself no matter what
I miss you too! I want to.. I'm Bored -.-
hi friend miss you
at about to go insane with #bostondreams <3
So fortunate but too busy to enjoy it!
amazing. And yes, this has happened to me too.
without question. But which team will show up?
RT Other Lives perform live on www.kcrw.org at 11:15 pst/2:15 est. Tune in or be square or something like that.
Yet, rather than charge the 2 w/ #HateCrimes & let their defense prove otherwise, the DA abdicates responsibility of a charge 2 the Court.
Was wondering about olives as I finished off a jar of capers on this one tonight--good to know!
Just listened # Last Name London. Going to the top. Hell yeah!!!
l am heading to cocodrie Saturday to scout it out. Name the date and I will make it happen.
De it wasnt me. My phone had die
This time I got nothing to waste Let's go a little higher I'm on fire, I won't blackout
RT : Y'all Ole Miss has been in everyone else's highlights.
Great Google-y Moogly! « Shouts from the Abyss
been doing some coaching with students that really inspire me! i love it when actors go after their dreams!
because they are meant to be enjoyed while sitting in the grass?
Also occasionally guilty in conversation, usually of the Arsenal variety. "We need to get rid of f*cking Arshavin!"
can u do like a video tribute to me? of if u can do a special blog about me?
Thks 4 sharing, me encanta! What an important story of Mexican-American mobility, heroism, and success!
Hey, I just responded to your comment on Muse. Let me know if you'd like me to remove your tweet from the article -- no problem.
aww! That's so nice!
Any plans for an Android app? Had to reserve a train using 's iPhone!
Here at CES.... just went to press preview.... USB 3.0 10x faster than usb2 I will have video on web site soon
...And before I go to sleep I will pray for all the Eagles fans in the world (sigh).
This is our award winning kidexerciser that transforms your kid's bike into a stationary bike that controls the TV.
- True. Evil is more scary with the evil person is smart.
July issue of San Diego Home/Garden published my architecture feature on the cover. Very grateful. Subscription's are half off. Hint!
Getting cowboy boots repaired is expensive.
I get 1993
I have been in "email Jail" all day! Looking forward to Tuesday :)
pour boiling water in it
why the sad face?
I bet college students would come together from all races, tiers, creeds, and political affiliations to stop that frm passing
College kids in Milwaukee are getting drunker and dumber every day. I should invest in a taser for when Im on bouncer duty at the bar.
I haven't straightened my hair in like forever"
at least the lobsters get to live to see another day! ☀☀☀☀
Me to my 12-y-o looking at her Google Buzz acct: "What's 'IKR'? 12-y-o: "I know, right?" Oh no!
Let us know if you make it out this way and we'll set you up! :)
I'm very exited about the new camera on the iphone 4. The best camera is the one you have with you.
June came in March and in April March is here. #weirdweather in RVA
wit eb dumb ass
Just read Roundball Stew. Noticed you like Rudy Gay. Do you think that Rudy Gay is too much to pay for Tyreke Evans?
yea they're still on there.
huge tell on me: if is within 10 ft of my table I have the nuts
TY! RT : an amazing release. jazz and world music collide and the end result is simply stunning
What about SM learning over time? What do we see in terms of leadership in SM? What skills do we see needed to bring change?
Coming up: Ted Nugent, Bring Me The Horizon, Childish Gambino, Death Cab, Circa Survive, Taking Back Sunday, and All Time Low.
Women get that pussy eating thing out of control. If you were mine you'd get that whenever. But if you're not, you get that when I want to.
Just gave a demo at pycon 2012.
RT : I will sing to the Lord as long as I live; I will sing praise to my God while I have being. Psalm 104:33
birthday cake remix? eh, i like the original better.
SHES GOT A LOVE LIKE WOE
haha! jeans are mad tight
I can tell certain people don't like me no more, new shit just don't excite me no more, I guess they just don't make 'em like me no more
So ready to get this over with!!!!!!!! Help me Jesus!!!!!!
One of the nation’s top law firms is recruiting for an Information Resources Manager in their Washington, DC location. This position manage…
Just FYI: "US Military Asset = Jack Bauer"
next time, baking in our oven!!! Lmao
going to my last class for the day.
: "Sell your body if you have to." : "Done." HUH-LARIOUS!!!
lol & Kobe has made a hell of a lot more game winning shots than Lebron
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income
hi, hi! I've been a little scarce lately too and missing the conversation!
Hey Seattleites! Which new SCAN show is your favorite?
oh shit ...not good ..have to download it ..i cant ):
What's your favorite mindless behavior song? :-)
everyone was taken by surprise by spectrum usage spike. App market, rapid device evolution not seeable in 2007
Your love is my drug ;)))
what! #disappointment 😒
On my way to meet at #Spin !!! SUPER EXCITED!!!!
80% Off at Copper Gable Cafe. Campus-area coffee shop serving Alterra Coffee; hot and cold build-your-own sandwiches, soups, and salads.
TGIF!!! yes yes oh yes!
Bryan Adams, you always make it all better :)
So much fun! RT : Great night tonight celebrating and ! Good dinner with good friends :)
Feels like the day Nash left.
yup! I'm so stoked!
ha! This is the same expression I made, when I saw the old dudes balls...
Ha! Yes.
The Jacques Brel show at the Skylight was great. Brel in English ! Highly recommend it. 2 days left though.
Also, I didn't find this tweet until now. It's not quite fair to get mad at me for not seeing it in enough time.
Spied making rounds Wednesday 's #DOOL event. Good scoop to come?
yeah I'm a fan besides all the houses. I've definitely hit a few.
you have to copy and paste it . sorry .
:) massive holiday as in summer? When does your college usually get out? Around my area high schools get out around this May or
no way buddy, we have to have this! We are a baseball town 1st plus we only have 4 weeks of summer! Go Brewers Go!
Patience is not one of my virtues
GOOD NIGHT TO ALL H.
Was Tyrell Sutton a big Ohio State fan growing up and what did it mean to him to play against the Buckeyes?
In a way, those negative times allow me to appreciate these great times all the more. Life ebbs and flows. The night is darkest before dawn.
Dang my arms so weak..
Everything is ready to go on our site. We're just waiting to point the domain name to the NEW website! Stay tuned.
SO excited to see your show! THe trailers are awesome!
“: our daddy ;) lmfaoooo.” lmfao he's your daddy in another way 😁
I'm blessed how have u been?
So much to do...
Do YOU believe that if u have to leave the one u love, if its meant to b, True Love will bring ya bak 2getha!?... I do. #iluvanthony.. <3
kool tell us all about it ok!!
Miserable people attract other miserable people and create misery.
no sir..
Maybe a chapter from What is History by Edward Carr? Useful though old. I just read it for a historiography course.
Loved someone's tweet: "can we stop calling it Beaver Nation? It's a neighborhood, or county at best..."
Some people will just never understand..
can i dick?
ah has 1 million followers :') so proud
That's me buying a bunch of books in the photo the Hammer's using to accompany Libros events on their online calendar!
a blind squirell gets a nut every now & then..boise can win 1 big game a year..cuz thats all they have..the rest are high school
Have to get rid of a headache before I can continue w/ the article RE: John 3:16. I've written about it before, but can't find previous item
abstract and textures are some of my favorite subjects!
You know I thought Autism was the end of the world. Now I know it has opened up the Universe.
Get these girls out of my house. I don't care if "he" just "friend requested" you- I'm sorry I just don't.
Are you thinking about going on Dancing with the Stars? IT woud be great for you.
Ever wonder what happened to No Child Left Behind? Join our chat with about #edwaivers on Wed 11/16 from 11:30-12:30 EST.
Yes sir! just got here RT : get em bro!
Defining this year's creative schedule. Can you say, excited?
You would be awesome on Survivor! Not to mention all the meals you can provide with that toe cheese of yours!
hmm good question, well there will be some hyped guys for dr.acula who would gladly cop a feel, so i'd with skinny jeans just
Good people of - the good folk at wud love a LINCOLN VS. ZOMBIES screener. Can u help them? Big Asylum boosters
“: Want a chance to meet Colt Ford?” As it turns out, no. :-P
Feeling groggy off of the NyQuil I took last night. #sizzurp!
These muthafuckus is fuckin up are they throwing the game smh
Hahaha!!! #1 fan! RT : It's Clay Matthews birthday today. must be celebrating privately....
We don't all have same biz model.
That's really nice. Love when no ones answers me. Sorry I don't play along with your little storylines.
My roommate is jellyrolls famous. hollaa
funny you should follow me today... Tomorrow I will be in philly
tell me about it. job #1 --> job #2 today. no outside times. hoping for later this week!
fantastic, love yoga
come on in! 900 North Glebe Road in Ballston, we hope to see you soon!
": A teammate of DWade & Chris Bosh just won MVP because so many so badly want to forget how clutchless he is - fuck u
- how did your session go today? Kristy and I were wondering.
Rachael Taylor was Maggie- the Australian one. I haven't seen We Bought A Zoo :( Who else apart from Matt Damon is in it?
IDK MAN, I JUST NEED A WRISTBAND.
Looking forward to the social media talk for #TipsandTricks. I've got a great presentation on the art of viral marketing.
#ConfessionNight I like this trend because it gives people a chance to speak out!
In terms of raw natural beauty, it rules to be California. In terms of insane politics, it sucks to be California.
Where do u work if u mind me asking?
haha. I beat him until he gave me the password
Thanks for the Follow!!
I'm so nervous. C'mon Detroit, make history here!
Headed to dinner at one of my #Roc favorites - The GateHouse - with my favorite of favorites.
I know, right? I was hysterical when that popped up. lol
this is amazing!
Don't forget to send us your project photos so we can show them off to the world on our Facebook Page!
Don't forget to use #LCcommencement with your tweets this weekend! So glad to have you in PDX!
hahaha well since you offered :D
The brain gives the heart its sight. The heart gives the brain its vision. ---Kall
Congrats(life) and condolences(Rivera)!
Are you playing tonight ? I hate when the media plays with the status just post ur status WTF !
New Design idea... V neck shirt that says "V Necks are Gay" thoughts???
I've been in solid meetings/interviews since 9 a.m. except 20 minutes for lunch. Head kinda spinning w/ conflicting web developer opinions.
Hey you were great on the episode of Switched at Birth !!!!!!
Wonderful ghost signs!
Well me nar see you or Ms. Wire online. A wa appen
Dedication, love propel sick cop in harrowing recovery
Trimmin The Fat Right Now...
july seems like a plan then! heck yea..dope stuff is just the START!
Still trying to figure this twitter way of communicating...sorry twitter I'm new to you and I'm used to Facebook....
What your name on 2+2? Hit me on Blizge
Oh mister sun, sun muster golden sun please shine down on me!
wait for the next dose - don't redose if it's die the next 1-2 hrs.
Today is the day I complete something....anything really. I really need a
we ALWAYS do bacon! :) & excited to see a beast at CFM
i didnt like that.
Had a great day 1 and now onto day 2!
Watching Casino Royale. New man crush, Daniel Craig and those smokin eyes of his! 😍
First group makes it through 17 with no balls in the water.
Yeah I like mgk . Wanna bitch and complain about how it's annoying ? Go right ahead .
love, love, love copyblogger
Perfect! Just stay at the airport until 7:30 tonight and I'll come say hi :)
PARK Police or NPS (), not PARKS police. We've been dealing with them in DC for over 6 months now
Watching Grey's from last night. Its intense.
welcome to Twitter Corey! Follow Cody as well! Haha
Don't open any direct messages from D2Kill in the last day or so. We did not send them, we were hacked. We will wait 24 hours and resume.
good, besides drama.
Ugh I hate when im in hospitals
follow me
I've been god. Listening to Maroon 5's old music right now. :')
Are you still looking for a reader for MCN? Let me know.
So now your health depends on the writing of this book - NO pressure at all.
OSAA wrestling tourney / come on by the Gleukos car and get a sample and some coupons for free Gleukos / and bring me a heater!!!
duh im fuck you like fred flintstone im make the bed fuckin rock bahahah
I don't know how we lasted this long.
RT : Hey and - rolling with PR2.0: Your Next Step in Your PR Career in 54 minutes!
you unfollowed me. :( follow me back please <3
nutting just got up y
Wonderful show tonight in Vegas. Now back home watching a documentary on Ponce de Leon while practicing the fastest card trick in the world.
I wonder if vampires have trouble using smart phones because of the touch screen.
Introducing, Elite Push Up Cakes! They make perfect favors! Come on by to place you order! :)
Let's bake and sell Occu-Pies in stores, door to door, everywhere. Let's set up an Occu-PIe baking network across the country, Occu-Pies!!
Hahaha! Who, that was funny!
Great running into you at Swedish/Issaquah today. Thanks for joining us at #SMLUNCH !!
Keep ya feelings to yourself
Omw to work. Watching all that exercise has inspired me to go n get a philly steak n cheese lol
y'all just need to become better pack rats like me haha
MCRmy LV, we are honoring Skye, a girl that got killed because she wore a MCR top, and it dose not matter wat music u listen to, you r U RIP
I don't Live with me & you're Not Me so Please Stfu telling me Pointless shit that makes no fcking sense ! Yu have NO IDEA what I go thru !
My semiannual trip to Whole Foods has proven fruitful as I was able to purvey three bags of groceries for only $77 instead of my usual two.
In all my 21 years of doing radio-you are one of the top people I got the most excited to meet! So glad we became friends!!
I'm told that too sometimes, but what those people don't know is that I judge them for having messy offices.
anywhere but my car. =)
Are you brave enough to sign up?
we should talk...about your job hunt
The Carven Fall collection is all kinds of stunning. Terrific proportions; really graphic ideas. Love.
This month is acoustic ceiling removal month at Mr.D's painting. Great deals and free crown moulding. Look us up @ www.mrdspainting.com
Come on
#IKnowThisOneGirl with the most amazing laugh
I don't go making conversation with any guys. The conversations come to me
tonight NYC vinyl release show @ the Bowery Electric. 7:30pm doors. Free vinyl package with entry!
<<==== boy crazy but EXTREMELY picky!
I didn't even know there was a limit to followers. So, what do u do to be so successful & how long hve u been doing it?
awesome! thank you! if you want to post anything about it on your site feel free to stream anything you'd like...
that is what I am trying to do is make a comeback... I just know it is gonna take a year or so.
- oh yeah. and Glitter sounds entertaining.
Thanks. Not the best way to spend my weekend :0)
great meeting you last night! I hope you help raise money for great causes as well add a great cause to
working a director meeting agenda...for next week
Thanks for the follow. Nice to meet you. I live in Montgomery, AL. My avatar is my deceased Border Collie, Nicholas.
Thanks for today's automotive related audition :-)
hi how have u been
Airport spa is not The Ritz but is worth the $25. After signing bks for 3 days my hands feel great! I wonder can I expense the publisher
i didnt do anything lol.....thats a lie....yea i know i love my job
I don't know dean:'(<\3
Great article. The U.S. government is also paying a lot of attention to tech start ups over here as well.
There is going to be so much Trayvon buzz after the interview Starting Point just had with Zimmerman's friend. So much contradiction
#fridayreads Between Summer's Longing and Winter's End by Persson, listening to Mini shopaholic by Kinsella and Lacuna by Kingsolver
Dwayne Wade is sexy. Yum.
i post the video
If it were not for the last minute nothing would get done!
happy birthday
Thank you for coming and celebrating our anniversary with us! We had a blast and can't thank #ABQ enough for the support these past 2 yrs!
Hoppy Easter! Hope the bunny was good to you!
Another thing, I hope the #Thunder smash the
i love food in general :)
U knw how much I knw my family "loves" me?Is wen my cousin says"why dont u just kill urself already." &my aunt&2 cousin agree.
laying in bed yes lol
Cookies and cream ice cream with warm brownies = breakfast of champions with
Instead of reading.. these kids want to watch a wacka flocka video, I cant.
2nd interview went a lot better, I was able to inject some humor into it, and that helped.
Not dining with me today at lunch? You should consider making a trip to the B+B Deli. Home of the Killer Sandwiches! Old school place!
Also, there is a police siren that has been going off for literally 30 minutes and im trying to sleep. Ugh.
I've been neglecting my twitter.
I'm missing my sister, She's the coolest world-changer ever, and if you don't already, follow her!
do i have the exact price alredy? :)
Yes it is. What would you like to know? Are you at AAM?
see you in Austin!
LOMBARDI TROPHY IS OURS BABY!!!
What is your Friday jam? Right now I am listening to "So Ruff, So Tuff" by Zapp!
She Sells Sanctuary
Thanks for the #roc #wordpress promo!
It is easier to get along with people then to argue with them.....Happy Sunday!.!
My pleasure, and thanks for the shout-out!
Coding over. Conversion submitted for final review. Time to catch up on the DVR with
I'm starting a new band called Boehner and the Debt Ceilings.
That Snuggle bear is creepy..
I hope you like your birthday gift
thank you!!!
agreed. I was lame and went w Entrepreneur mag & social media monthly, ha
gonna hit my limit go follow
dm? for details
I'm wondering if underachievement is due to inappropriate learning experiences?
Peyton you will win an award someday i know you will. I will always love you Pey! Remember that okay?
hey girl
what r u doing this weekend?
Why does the radio suck so bad? -.- haha I find myself listening to oldies 1480 and classical and nothing else.
Lunch with the bro j mack britt and b funny moments
no Bam bought him a twitter collar it hooks up to the computer when he is home alone ;-)
Say hi to her from me!! We have to get together f2f soon!
Yeah I just got a spammy DM from you guys too.
Angela. Put the cookies down. :) I have Jillian michaels yell at me every morning. Ripped in 30, mother fuckkkkaaaa!
Ridiculousness is starting!!!! XD
Music rots when it gets too far from the dance. Poetry atrophies when it gets too far from music.
thank you for all of the RTs! We appreciate the support.
Kind of, but not completely! You slut D; Is boyfriend still on your arm?
i dont hate Georgia .. I dont hate my school eithir ! everything gone get better in Highschool ..
A4: We see this movement creating a smaller cmmnty of forward-thinkers all striving for the same goal inside the larger cmmnty
Probably (finally) seeing Cabin in the Woods tonight! So ridiculously excited, especially for the Fran Kranz!
I will make my cat a twitter right away.
Are you at a strip club?
I will scourge the world of your filth.
The only music I've been listening to today is ! I feel like such a fan! Hahaha
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart. -Thich Nhat Hanh
Getting some brownies shipped and then it's time to make some cookie charms. The snowmen are my favorite.
I SO agree with you. Technology is a great tool, but as a parent I am always teaching effective face to face communication.
That I've done, though rarely... however coming out just for the salesperson seems so weird to me.
God, if I can’t have what I want, let me want what I have.
Professor read five pages of our reading assignment in class today about Indian God Krishna #mythology way to go teach!
RT : Staff: “Does anyone know what a Federal Marshal is?” Little girl: “Sometimes, Martians turn into aliens.”
In like 2 weeks I'm gonna be lost among all of 's millions of followers.
i just visited google+ again. they're still trying to make this work? and they added cover photos? who do they think they are, facebook?
Auto Response: Thanks for your message, please contact us Toll Free 1.800.540.6197 email: http
do good!
Merry Christmas!
Thanks for your support, sis!
Vanessa DeLousa named outstanding student at Family Healthcare Network at
I call people hoe a lot now! Hmm
Was great to meet you Carolyn. Hope to see you again soon.
Haha YAAAAAAAY I'm not the only one haha :D you can be my hometown buddy haha
was here
Getting tweets @ 1 a.m is......amazing<3 haha
The Victory Garden Memorial Day Blitz May 29th: 8am-4pm. Potluck at 7pm -location will be released on Blitz Day. See you there :)
OFFICALLY OFF THE MARKET BY THE ONE AND ONLY AMAZING <3
Yep :) I backed it on Kickstarter
I'll just keep blocking I've better more important stuff to worry about then what all the haters think!
As much as some people try to cover their butts for their outrageous mistakes, they won't be able to completely. I have an IP addy. TRUTH!
Sorry you are sick too. Feel better soon!
The awkward moment when someone says "you two should go out!" and you're like: ...... I wish.
Did you check out 's music yet? What did you think?
if I put myself in the mail, would u hang me on ur wall?
I'm really cold can sum1 cuddle me :)
Your body can store 8-10 meals in your colon if you aren’t going regularly...that extra waste affects your waistline & your health!
Come find Madison No Fear Dentistry at the Women's Expo this weekend!
So excited for formal tomorrow!
Insomnia, so we meet again... #arch nemesis
has grown up so fast! but I still love him no matter what!!! #BeliebersLovejustin <3
So my husband is licensed to perform marriage ceremonies in Maryland. His religious title: Time Lord.
If you want to be in our music video, email us at with a picture and contact info!
Tonight! 8:30 Mercy Lounge FAREWELL FOR WINTER SHOW!! w/ , , & Parade
Put me on ya back burner when all I did was keep u on my front.. I aint dealing.. Bout to zoom zoom on these ungrateful's...
What's good on tv tonight? I need more shows to record.
Tacos and Guac!! RT : I know it is only 10am but Lunch is already on my mind..... any thoughts?
My amiga Emily told me to tweet about her or she'd have my penis removed by a questionable doctor from Mexico while I'm asleep. Love you..
What's on the other side of the bridge?
Do you remember when you were acting like a bat at the follow you video shoot?
#GoTribe It's only the week 2 of season, but a second strong start from Ubaldo Jimenez / sweep of KC to lift Tribe to 4-4 ...
I'm straight....working hard 4 my finals
Enjoying spending time with our SEC Alumni staff colleagues in Nashville this week. Lots of talk about events, football, & the future.
National Pancake Day and on a Tittie Tuesday, awesome!
Back in Richmond for hopefully the last day of this special session: about to vote on 100+ amendments of Gov. McDonnell to the budget.
My pleasure. I will definitely post more when Big Takeover hits the news stands next month.
you need to stop!! I know what you're doing! -__-
Neutral court, your pik: Mo.St or MU? Just wondering. PS for new music have u tried
what're you up to in NYC Mon? I'm in Bridge w the fam til Tues...
RT : Good morning Twitter.
Doctors make the worst jokes
haha, good one. :-) Really? That's excellent! Coldplay rocks in my book.
Have held off on Sleepless Night on VOD so that I could watch in a theatrical setting. Friday is very close.
Bobby Petrino's next job? The NFL...where lying and cheating are considered strategy.
love the show, watched every episode multiple times, but never live. Usually not home and like fast forwarding commercials
your such a cayutie , follow me ? :)
I think real question with athletic funding is how much athletics kicks back into academics.
You're about 6 blocks and 30 floors away from me right now.
Oh an exciting new short project just came up! And it's gonna be funny.
interactive game design doubles as ethnography of student understanding of college and careers #
Are you receiving heavy rain & thunder this AM? If so, report your location & time. Thanks!
My lucky number is 2012
Yellow Submarine!
Really feel bad for Bulls fans
This fool said "I got goutch" he meant "gout"
Can store 1710 get a shout out from you? We finished 1st in the North Division and 2nd overall in store cup!
SUPERBOWL RT : Hey #Falcons Fans! We're getting ready for the season & have some great things in the works!!
Today is the perfect day to drive to Newnan, GA & play a house concert for Jen & Sabrina! Daytime shows rule!!
Hey , lemme know if you need some blue to borrow.
people should never take the first letter of the title of what the lord is in vain
Had one of our big supporters on kickstarter tel us they discovered #gijoeinitiate through your page. Much appreciated!
Reentry must be understood as a redrawing of the priorities and modalities of the state as a stratifying and classifying agency. Loic JDW
buds!!! our flight was cancelled yesterday so didn't get home til recently and I'm going to St Louis for FF tomorrow. MISS YOU!
Even excluding the horror it precipitated for the Nations, it was far from benign. Yazoo buyers claimed "right of conquest."
Good taste is the enemy of creativity
So tired...and wired. Final night spent around table full of genealogists discussing our stories. Perfect way to end
RT - If Jacksonville's Jaguars are known as the 'Jags' and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the 'Bucs,' what doe...
okay, surely I will be there by then! You're spending the night, correct?
But this game is funny
STIX the CAT sez, "hi Ruth Jones - glad you're out in the world! Meow!! from your friend STIX the CAT
RT Good morning Earthlings... What time is it???
Get to know me time: Love WalMart, getting a job minutes after being fired, the Rocky Mountains always being to the West, Tebow's potential.
We have 4 days till we hear the big news. Who's excited?
LOL it's fine xD I might end up having to make the first move.
Y am I hungry!?
Sad that some HS AD's Would rather hire coach who sees it as an opportunity to just win rather than coach who wants to build character & win
did you find?
RT : Trying a new Google Reader iPhone client "Newsie" and thus far impressed.
That BOB SAGET Compliment Was Nice
go bucks!
Come say hi at Booth 200-201 at the Spokane Home and Garden Show this weekend!
Excited people still waiting on Mall hoping #spottheshuttle will fly over a third time. Pretty cool the first two rounds.
Tim Armstrong on his way to Austin... He can't resist the moment!!! Expect him on stage tonight at Hype Hotel
His name is Head. Dick Head. :( =))
Excited for 's #superPAC training in DC this weekend! Cc
RT Worst part of the Walking Dead is that minute of Comic Book Men I have to watch before I find the remote.
Got tickets to see T.I. in 4 minutes! Are you listening? - Dustin
u still awake cuz i think it might b late where u live
He said I was "false as hell."
Coldwell Banker Legacy @ Cottonwood Mall come by & enter 2 win an iPad2! & if you're curious about ur home's value, let me do a CMA 4 you!
what's the weather like in Atlanta? Do I need a sweater?
Watching talk SUPERGODS on Go get 'em Grant.
what's your name on there?
so #thankful for my trader joes frozen potstickers right now
I let you beat me for you not to want the cookie :o
lol naaa some people be looking at him like "why the fuck are you alive?"
I really dont care about anything anymore .
In Little Rock, watching them Devils!
Yo egg head, keep going ur getting good!!! Lol
It's so nice to have a warmer day here. I'm looking forward to spending more time outside.
Idk if I should start talking to this guy again. My horoscope did say a blast from the past would hit me & turn into romance lol.
Tech students are used to getting those.
Is it so wrong to just want to make music for a living?!
It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving
I missin u too....
I like how they compared you to the giant fish monster in the Men in Black 3 commercial.
good luck...what are you doing for the rest of the day tomorrow?
Oh, I don't like this turn of events..
RT : Do you want to get a few tips on positive discipline? Positive Parenting Course starts in Horsham Wednesday 23rd May...
Great win for my Boston Celtics over Miami tonight. Who says old guys can't play?!
Mini concert going on at park St
NPR is the only reason fiddle music still exists.
I've been gone for like 70 days & no one misses me:(
Then girls will gather an elite force called Wet Seal Team Six who will parachute into Adele's ex's London flat and throw cosmos in his face
WHOOP WHOOP LUNCH BREAK WORK OUT SESSION!!!!!!
Went to the Pride parade with Holland. She danced up a little storm.
Uh weezer just did a cover of kids by mgmt...awesome
Dont ever fly United! #united Thanks and God Bless!
just started the journey to michigan with
New fave song = Scared of Lonely Even though its old
Tonight the JFG program High School is hosting the I&I ceremony recognizing our student leaders & JFG champions/join us pm.
That hand will be punching me.
oh my gosh yes!! That was soo much fun! And I'm gonna do that too and probably take Latin though all of high school too. :p
I wonder how zookeepers feel going from one natural habitat to another after work.
#FF Follow for info on our annual summer event! It's 6/26 and includes a live performance by Dave Navarro and DJ Skribble!
haha really? i must be crazy then cause everytime i watch it i get the urge to go swimming with sharks
Congradulations to Academy Dance from N. Ireland on winning Worlds this year. Nice routine and well executed. Well done!
Pier House in Key West, at the end of Duvall Street, pretty nice bro
Love you too! Have a fantastic weekend!! Hugs
sitting here watching welcome home roscoe jenkins straight rolling
Visit Zoebeats.Com For Some Hott Beats!
I'm on MLB.tv, but I think it's also on MLB Network if you have it.
I'm ready to go right now...give me the green light...we can go all night...
amen. Let us pray
Lovely lunch pow-wow with the fam at #HappyFriday!
Mitt's stumbling on this is VERY weak and defensve. No one is questioning his success, just asking for his tax returns.
#143 I love your account! I seriously can't stop retweeting your tweets! We should definitely talk more! <3
Now up: 's description of the Neatline workshop being offered on April 20 during : bit.ly/w4mcg8
Welcome from Citi! Thank you for being with us today and sharing the 8 cardinal rules for success for business!
Still trying to get through those leads? Use our dialer platform! Contact us at 866-460-6611
Thank you for raining today dear clouds. Rain tomorrow, please?
seven state champions every year? you might as well give everyone that suits up in the fall a damn trophy
Got Rack City in my head! Just love and his lips ! Oh hot dayumm!
Sounds good. We are partners with and Awesome people in CO for mobile and more!
DO ME A FAVOR SAVE DAT SHIT #CHEIFKEEF finna get on a couple beats soon
from downstairs.
No problem! We're big fans of Earthbound, here at gameESC, and even bigger fans of indie developers!
the hut...
no its a might
Why is this strawberry milkshake giving me a tummy ache?? =(
Hope has as many lives as a cat or a king. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
If someone had legitimacy wrote the article, they would have been smart enough to write it without misleading the audience
They ditched me. I'm sitting in calc alone having a blast actually....
Feel like crying I hate being made a fool out of
Just had a red bull large enough to kill a razorback.
It is a nice label for a couple that does not need or want to get married but still feels more than a bf/gf
Is there a reason why this always happens to me?:/
I'm at hooters with a British kid and the waiter asked if he was Australian. Oh Jesus
lol yea my bad I was busy last night but thanks for thinkin about me
One of those days that makes you think
oh ok coo so I still got a chance then lol
I have a way with words.
girl, I'm so sad that csi Miami is cancelled I don't know what to do :(
I hate it when bitches tell me to calm down.
. founder is in Baltimore this week, and we have some good stuff planned. Tonight: awards at meeting!
RT Exercise Your Way to Healthier Skin RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
Ty u Dora
Dude, really?! Stereotype much?
officially 28 years old...this should be a good year!
No come back there then bruv :L <3
just spilled mountain dew all over myself ...
Fuck but i dont want to see that kid from L.A High -.-
- Hey John, when gonna let that goatee grow into a full-on beard?
thats weak #Mets! Would 3 for 3 do it? Any other combinations than 3 for 5?
RT to win the #liveonkomo grand prize: stay at , tickets for and a "swinked" package from
