totally agree! RT : The C-Suite has gone Tablet!
I haven't watched it yet!
Losing Faith opening tonight, see you at Center Space!
amazing!! I love it: will you be my valentine?
I want JOSE HER-Nadez
About to see my little sister's band play!
Thx for the information! I had my first MS library experience visiting WWMS. Let me know if you hear more. UR the best.
Our NM community keeps growing...Many thanks to all of you for your support. We couldn't do it without you!
Thanks for following! I look forward to some bulldawg tweets!
dm me your #
looks awesome!!
Dudes tossing tees in the club box next to us. If we had pompoms it'd be another story.
#SportsSunday NFL games, #NCState bball and now golf on Haven't left the couch since 1, no end in sight...
Thanks for following - I look forward to many interesting tweets! Thomas
Probably shouldn't still be awake if my alarm is set for 5:15 am, huh?
unconventional archive use FTW RT RT Using the Library of Congress archives to see Frost handwriting for my next tattoo..
Wondering what to make my burning effigy of McGinn out of for May 1. Which burns brighter: papier-mâché, cardboard, or straw-stuffed pillow?
You got lucky. A lot of people wouldn't return that shit.
I read that today. Can't believe it, oh wait, yes I can.
Awkward talks with my dad <<<<
I can't wait until friday
Praveen Madan: "Bookstores have no great technology partners." Can DPLA be the first?
Just watched the secret Circle. Faye is my favorite so far. Her mom and Diana's Dad killed Cassie's mom
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
making a taco pie. yes, it is as delicious and nutritionally deficient as it sounds.
Wonder what the chances are that I can convince Mrs. Werner that Sobelmann's would be a grand idea this evening?
Very cool. Looking forward to meeting him.
Bellator Signs World's Top Welterweight Prospect Andrey Koreshkov
whoohoo best of luck fundraising! i lost someone to lupus too
im done here lol .. i suppose to be in the shower. Bye
Just one more wafer thin mint?
You also don't hear "Sconnie" a lot but we'll let it slide. RT : Actually, coastie broadcaster, "WESconsin" doesn't exist.
I say wtf to no Oxford comma. "I'd like to thank my parents, Oprah and Jesus."
TX! U 2! RT Happy #FF some great mom resources!
cant wait to see spank that ass
I read that as 1989 and was expecting a photo of Patty Smyth.
yea as a guy from milwaukee and loves the brewers. Ur cubs suck and always will. Whos leading the central the brew crew
ahahah! small world!
lse tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly. Stephen R. Covey
Would you please consider deleting the tweet that mentions Medina Days? It is a private event. Thank you!
Sweet tea is the only thing that gets me through the day.
I'll let you know
What do you want to postpone?
so boredd. no food at mi house. grrrr
Where is Northern Mariana anyway?
Looking forward to tomorrow's big egg drop-off with & -- May is National #Egg Month!
yeah Ik!!! He's making wrong decisions
Bad part about this shit is that with all of these clothes I'm overheating cool.
TONIGHT, Mr. Patrick Duffy and Ms. Benna Douglas invite you to the launch of "The Boutique" -TO SUPPORT JAPAN- (5-11pm) at BES!!!
ambivalence = "both valences". When you have positive and negative feelings toward the same object. (via wikipedia)
|UWD Events| fully promoting &&' supporting...!!'(:
Get over it! You lost!
Little game will take over Omaha w/ new bats and new park..gives West Coast baseball a chance to make quick recovery..
we would love to get Matt Jones out to one of the Michigan games to show him the midnight madness. Shouts out!
Not a lot of scoring going on in baseball today. 1 run in four games happening now? Did everyone leave their bats in Spring Training?
Of all the people in the world to meet how cool would it be to meet David Mame'ts mother?
Manhole missing in the middle of the street of the 15000 block of East Arkansas. City trucks en route.
People sometimes ask me: Sox or Cubs? A dead ex-mayor never tells.
hahahah...that made me laugh.
you love me more though, (;
Subaru? no I have a Honda Civic.
RT : Mailed my YES vote today! --> You ROCK!
Cool! Thanks!
go giants baby! The better team with more drive won the game! back to the drawing board for the pack! Eli going back to the super bowl
Three Words....Kogan Is Real
okay you really need to do a seminar with our people & teach that a deal can be negotiated! love barbara, but not good!
tortoise! :P Yeaah. I think is my favorite day of the year.
LOL. Can't remember what I said yes back in oz. Be back in La soon. How you going?
I'm still hungry
Don't forget this applies to healthcare too.
Just had THE BEST Grilled Chicken Sand from in EG! Amaz...
Does anybody here want Johnny Ace Fired from ? I know I do #BringVinceBack or
Man ny giants. Comgrats
Doubles: move doubles around the drums. Split them between toms & snare. Figure out how to fluidly graze off them for speed.
Fix a Groggy PC from Sleep Mode - PCWorld pcworld.com/article/213821… via
dude!!!! I kinda wanna punch that man a lot!
Just finished retwistin these dreads... Shit my arms hurt....
Determined to get on Twitter more.
Fanny pack season! RT ": It's tourist central! / Springtime in the capital / Bring your fanny pack. #dc #haiku"
for sure, i will find out. it's bizarre.
Me to - it really makes you think. Glad you like it!
I bet #Playboy is so pissed that they paid 1 mill for those pathetic pics. I don't know why you must be a total loser.
so glad you liked it! We think he's great!
saw your lovely book at Big John's PFI last week. Scooped up copy! Congratulations (again), Beauty!
It looks like Europe is getting the short end of the stick for winter weather. CNN has photo of the Roman coliseum covered with snow
RT if you go to RSMS
:) I wish we could do a duet, but we live in different states!
Why do we still use a floppy disk to represent save??? That’s so 1991…
I'd rather go to Brazil than/then Taco Bell.
I guess i never really contemplated skin-colored yoga pants, but okay. They make you look naked from the waist down though...
enjoy your hot dogs
Waited anxiously to see Don 2!And sure it will achieve great success !Good luck!!
okay, you and your back have gone to far...
Katherine Dunham was an anthropologist, studying social science dealing with the origins, physical and cultural development, biological...
thank you for the follow, great job, carry on
Don't apologize. I hate when friends just say "oh that's good" because we are friends.
The wife and I are watching you on FOX. Why do you always look so angry?
Had a bunch of books to drop off at the thrift store. Then I saw one of them was a signed first edition. Now to figure out if it's worth $$
Bron has built up a lot of hype for tonight. And for next season. One thing about The King though is he has always lived up to it.
this is true
Wow, the podcast just outted has the ME on his bucket list.
I think gonna trending #1 WorldWide because of
Hope you enjoyed Alice! TWB is excited for your wp next month in #Noche Latina!
Lmfao. Craigslist tho. RT": It's Hard Finding True Love on Craigslist..."
SCT Study Away Programs now on Twitter! London Spring deadline is Oct. 1st.
RT : GOP primary calendar seems to favor Romney until Super Tuesday; Newt should do well in Southern contests in March
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom. - Terry Pratchett
Learning the game one day more and more each day. Very proud of our guys effort last night at Weber St. Headed in the right direction.
To think I trusted you
Thanking the Lord because I have today off from work so I get to watch the semi final games.
Doing cool things like taking photos with tomorrow. Because we do cool things.
need a swag pack brah!
prices reduced drastically on www.kandizone.com
You are very kind, Shannon. The feeling is mutual!
I will send u pics
you good fellows, I am now dead!
Latest Follwers: Thank you!
Yea it was Live
Good find by there.
appreciate the #ff luv! have a fantastic weekend, my dear! :D
oh I guess that would explain it. Lol
Easy Mac might be the only thing I can eat hungover..
your such a strong girl for having to go through all that♥
Sometimes you just mess things up for yourself...
Just saw Herman Yu the other day. She's so nice & talented . Her studio is just how you'd imagine it: Ultra-beautiful & chic
Hate when dudes approach me and call me " Lil Mama or Shawty" >_< tf..
Calling all community organizations & schools looking to raise funds. We have a simple and easy recycling fundraiser program 404.629.5200
tough day, mind is broken or something, hope I snap out of this funk soon.
In the studio finishing new song
but I do agree that LAL got shafted on the whole CP3 thing. That was bullshit.
I think I'm ready to give up on u.
really I wanna join ya it sounds fun:)
it's sad when your a girl and you can talk to someone about the zombie apocalypse for hours
GM tweeties work flow. #sn I hope I can get some writing done today
Of course I have heard of Malaysia. But I have never been there. I should not have assumed you were from Egypt. I apologize.
With our Detroit Group Tickets we have 6 tickets to either Phi at Det - Friday or Chi at Det - Sunday. Let me know if you want them
I am new to Twitter and Philosophy. But I'm ready to change the world. If you're willing to help me please contact me!
Ugh, it's horrible, but she handled everything with such grace.
I'm back, wrote not long since. I promise to write 10 tweets, I think.
thank you :)<3
you two are crazy buying you both that bumpersticker
that'll wake you up! Lol
Just ran into Libby in Ctrl Park a month ago. Hadn't seen her in 12+ yrs. Lost touch w/ Justin. Still see Matt Shine 2-3x/year.
Good morning! :)
a while
just because a person got alot of money don't mean their happy
chin up,
some good points here. yes small funds perform better and this is an area where VC and LP interests are unaligned.
Opening day at Petco Park...Go Padres!
By 1999 there were only 3 countries that counted as democracies in #Africa. But today there are 23 using the same measurements.
That sad moment when doesn't invite you to his dance parties in miss Llanes' class :(
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom. -- Marcel Proust
Sent you a message. Let us know if you have any questions :)
And for being amazing while he was in school! MT : Congrats Shareef Abdur-Rahim on finishing his degree at Cal.
I think things will be pretty interesting this season. Nice Social experiment.
“: I want someone who I can trust 100%.” trust me gorgeous!
RT Romney said it wasn't worth moving heaven and earth to get bin Laden... I'm guessing Romney never saw bin Laden's hair cut
Is it a CMS? I thought for a minute that the menus were printed on papyrus!
An email today will announcement that we are not continuing the run because of low participation and fundraising levels. :(
That makes 3 straight 4th quarter collapses. Dream Team on paper, Shit Team on the field. Get it together #Eagles!!
I saw you across the way in your amazing seat!! Did a lot of people show for the pic?
I just finished your book last night. I laughed, I cried. Nice work!
thank you .. and do you travel?
VIDEO FOR AUSTIN!! Send me a pic of you holding a paper that say 'I love Austin' or 'Mahomies love you' or something like that (:
Playin in a golf scramble at pickwick. :)
How ironic would it be if #Peyton signs with the #Broncos today and crushes Tebow's dreams on 3:16...
well, like if you put it in tea or yogurt... bc certain fruit you can't get easily fresh..
March 26th! Mastrella's Birthday Bash with The Imaginary Band! Classic Rock including our tribute to Fleetwood Mac! Dance~Drink ~Be Merry!
AND there is already a Cornerstone Alum at Mizzou - Claire Horton!
is killing Piers tonight on cnn...The lesson on journalism...great TV
goodnight world :)) sweet sweet dreams :))
Those weren't eyes!!!!
did u go to his web page. check him out. nice ????lol
U.S. Stocks closed near their best level in thin trading, #SP500 rallying to 1,400, on hopes for further stimulus from the Federal Reserve.
There's somethin bout a truck
Britain and Gaddafi ran al-Qaeda trap in Europe
want some Black Thunder? Join me in
Yea! Congratulations to you both!
Thanks! Pub date is toward the end of April.
We want a debate!
LOL! you surely won't get the high CAPE you want HERE!!! :D It's your season right now in the south!
There are days like this when I absolutely hate being a girl
I hate waiting for something that isn't going to happen</3 I miss our talks & when we use to hang out at 2 in the morning)';
people dont understand that. keep grinding. #salute. follow back
blame her she told me every thing i know .......
Do we need to chat my lady??
Totally won that trade.
Enrolling in all American Express offers:
RT I won't be impressed with #technology until I can download food
😝 lol not at all but if I am I'd rather not know about it.
Hahaha are you serious?! There's no way that was a real conversation
Going in to do some vocal production on the great Chaz Mckinney today at the Parlor... sweet!
It's good!! WIN!!! Gotta love them #DallasCowboys!!!!
- that was NOT an apology. I hope he loses all of his sponsors.
Drinking some Budweiser American Ale, good stuff
Allo Michelle! Was so great to have met & chatted w/u @ the Alchemy Conf. last mo. Will b in touch abt my show soon! Abientot
Lisa Brissey Ellenberg-teacher, mentor, friend. Creative & collaborative. she inspires children & her community
Fuck.hangin out with a hot high schooler.but hes flirting with my friend.
Slept way longer than I wanted too😓
"Just because you have a past doesn't mean that you have no future!" ~Gee in his interview re: Mass Incarceration.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston. The most powerful female voice of her time.
no I haventtt and I know that because it came out of my own mouth so shutup yo.. do I say comment on your tweets? No.
love it!
hey, i love you. and i thought you should know that your amazing and im so lucky to have you. okay bye babe.<3
attached to your camera :D
I’ve just added Karl Lagerfeld to my hero list! Pick up today’s Metro and read his interview to find out why!
hahah you are my inspiration.
Oak Harbor- Where did this wind come from...
miss you !
I fucked up pretty good over the past 2 weeks. No job and drank myself to aa, lost my job prior to aa. Can't wait 4 summer and tour
Like, when the hostess called out name, they said it was them EVEN THOUGH I WAS RIGHT THERE.
WV is gathering ideas for classroom tchers to get studnts moving in short bursts in their classrooms thought out the day
i'm getting chachimommas right now okay
"When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breath, then you will be successful"
Last weekend I had to pay my niece $1 for every time I said apparently. Apparently it's my favorite word, cus I owed her $12
I told my mom & she started laughing. :D ITS CALLED URDU.
Just kinda obsessed with GIF Boom 😁
Thanks for coming out!!
a boy will tell you he loves you, but a man will show it.
Congrats to Anthony LaPanta for being named new play by play man for Minnesota Wild.
Having served in the Ford & W administrations--you know, the really successful ones--it's cute Rumsfeld thinks his opinions matter.
#DGquestion. Send them in (;
spring break 2012 is BOOKED. i'll be hanging with mickey mouse, harry potter and in orlando, fla.
I love Mizzou and especially the convergence dept. Thank you to & for everything.
Enormous shale gas supply + warmer winters would be bad news for the industry. Would need a lot of new CAPEX for export terminals...
It's good to have holiday traditions. :) You have a great holiday! :)
Just chilling at Laguardia, ready to be home! But this was one of the best weeks of my life! And by far the best college class ever!
Chris Forsberg from ESPN Boston is up next to talk Olympics and the Celtics
Have had several conversations at #asecs12 about how graduate students are better served doing conference reviews rather than book reviews.
Show on Sunday the 11th at Elizabeth Bingo Hall! Tickets are only $3! Hit me up for tickets!
Twitter - come celebrate our 1 year anniversary Tues May 8 at , from 6-9 pm. Free pie! Bring your friends!
needs a big ol' hug!
"You eat in order to live you do not live in order to eat." Bullshit. I live in order to eat.
Thanks for the tw-love! #Bean-Tastic!
Great post. I loved South Riding also! Will try North & South next, based on your rec.
Perfect Mantra RT : "Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments." - Joseph Addison
Don't forget the ones who have been there from the start; (:
Anyone have any tasty toffee chip recipes they'd like to share?
methionine restriction (hmm.. which would make it the opposite of HDAC inhibitors like say valproate?..accelerated aging?)
Works for cookies too.
#cgxemerge good to see Apple Graphics "gets it" when it comes to QR Codes!
very wise, Dan. GAS can be a slippery slope. I try to keep only one camera for each format I use.
#newbeatport should send me an invite for their beta release 'cuz I'm a web designer and DUbStep lover.
Well things might be looking up after all
Why is it so hot
What I need, is you right by my side.
Is it me, or does this seems like an afternoon of endless software upgrades?
you should come out!!
Thank you for your kind words
Some people seriously make me wonder...-_-
"Hey you got your strategies in my objectives!" Day 2 of strategic planning kicks off soon with
Madison police have concerns about pro-Walker demonstrators coming to Capitol tomorrow as crowds of protesters swell: Joel DeSpain
Happy Easter everyone!
Yeah, :/ But, it's cool. Ya know, #hatersaremotivators But thanks <3 You too!
I love that boy... Ha! Xoxo
Making my mom buy me pistachios because of lolol
Yes German & Black :o)
a las 8 de la noche
The fourth member of theparty, Michael Dennin, contributed his Irish wit to the gayety of thecabin
Love can be so Cruel
Auntie Em! Toto! It's a twister! It's a twister!
If u want a different year than u had last year than u have to do something different!! we are approaching the halfway mark, how's ur life?
Merry Christmas. Happy birthday Jesus!
Live fast. Die pretty
Stuck at the gas station...credit cards aren't working already.
Got someone to take the old TV. Don't ask how we're going to move it, but a taker is a good thing.
Have you ever felt lonely in a crowded room?
Yup. Wrong place to vent for sure. #MediaTraining RT : I don't doubt Forte is angry, but whining about it on Twitter is lame.
Ball of confusion...
« Hey DWade, the game started an hour ago. No big deal, it's just the playoffs.»
America, your home is the next best retirement plan next to your piggy bank. The Housing market needs to be revived and am the candidate
my childhood hasn't ended.
where you going?
not true yo the day the earth is done is the day u die # im just saying!... :P
Cant wait 2 show u:) RT : Moschino, Anne Fontaine, Roger Vivier...I have, I wonder what has in store for me today?
Happy to be here bro!
Just thoughts of the future n caught chills
maybe if you're nicer this time
Moving day today Bye bye Brooklyn it's been fun I'll miss you often
i like how Mary and Hayley think im dumber then a rock but i smart.
"Cenosillicaphobia" is the fear of an empty glass. Stick with us and you'll never have to face that fear again!
sup love
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!!
Day Two of fashion shoot complete! Shout Outs to staff & models!
Montgomery has a shop that makes FRESH CHOCOLATE & candy daily on a conveyor belt: Robinson's FineCandies YUM!
Well you tell him to bring me some of that food when he comes back to my house
I think I heard him saying "oh no, she's the one who cries at work...who cries at work?"
The water pressure in my house is back down from 180 PSI to 65 PSI, and everything works so much better...
why in the world am i loosing followers?!
HTC Rezound to get long-awaited update ICS update on May 9th? - Technology Bloom News
This girl is trying to tell ME crap about ! She doesnt even know them! I'm am officially #Pissed!
Whoohoo!! Good luck then!
“: excited to be a part of this amazing event this weekend! #yogalove” Soo jealous!! <3
oh they are so lush!
Making our bananas foster at RL
Many people call on board to use $30 million in reserves
that's a good thing ;)
Good morning world. We play with VerseCity September 10th at Stereo Live and we have presale tickets that are only $10. Hit us up if you...
First rite of Spring ... extreme sculpt by - bring it!
well we gotta hang =)
Thanks for putting me on to Liberty Creek red wine!
finishing final revisions with pkatch and josh, prerelease viewing at the end of this week
are talkwheel and twitwheel related? I'm confused now.
: #foodiechats See you May 7th? P.S. Leave salmon at home.
Yes probably!!
They have like something called Paintbrush but it's not as good as paint even tho paint isn't amazing but there are more
Im all 4 expanding rights and responsibilities to everybody, but not under false pretense!!!!
I didn't WANT A FREE TRIAL SPOTIFY
I saw your message the next day- sorry for the late reply!
its cuz you're a #BadBitchNoMuzzle! ;oP
Public session Easter Sunday 1:30 to 5:30pm. Come, bring the family and cool off!
that is what I hear, going to try
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station... e_e
You have to check out by 11am or else it charges you for the next day.
I'm too distracted keepin an eye out for him in the audience.
I didn't miss dinner!
of course the album is probably awesome, I haven't given it a fair chance at all yet. Just keep thinking about Queen Latifah
>:D us the face I have right now
Sorry Eric. Not sure why Chicago doesn't have an Insider page.
Just finished Tony Hillerman's "Sacred Clowns". Fantastic book -- He was a great writer, may he rest in peace! Still have 2 on the shelf...
May I please get a Birthday tweet from you and the guys??
I'm so stoked for the SLEIGH BELLS show, Friday! :) #cannotwait #epic If anyone else will be there, let me know! :)
hahahaha! Much appreciated bro!
ready to head off to Germany to meet the Parents again! I love saying that!!
Over the next two years, we will be allocating $200,000 in menu funding to Bell, Coonley, Waters and Courtenay Schools as part of GROW47
our words will not change/if we persist to believe in them
It's a "sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make up on" kind of day.
Rule #1 Never let anyone distract you from accomplishing your dreams. Rule #2 Never forget rule
Jim + pam in the office = so cute.
it's like i checked into rehab & you're my disease .
My 3,000th tweet! #Shoutout to my mom. Mom: I love you. #momsrock RT if your mom rocks, too!
super excited!!! :)
whats so funny
hola!!! Your mad and happy to hear from me I see 😜
Today, I almost amputated my hand trying to put the top on an exhibit case.
L.a fitness time.. Boy do I need to get a good workout
As we get older and more mature, we don't lose our friends. We just realize which ones are better friends than others.
yes, but only if you don't remake our relationship so that you can knock up the bagger from the local supermarket.
that is all for my social networking, im still on my come up.
watching Doug Long of IMS Health US #pharma trends at #sla pharma & heath tech division
Wish you all Happy Diwali
Tuh straight nasty and homo monica
Got exactly what I was looking for down in west elm!
When you moving to the Chi?
TMA+Peritus Blog: That crowd you’re ignoring? They’re a missed opportunity. - by Michelle Rothmeyer for
Phthalates May Double Diabetes Risk
He's so cute that it makes my face hurt from grinning.
tonight was a great night I throw a brithday party for my girlfriend ..it went great happy brithday baby I love you..
it is lonely in the dark
If I had three wishes .. 1) Start fresh in a different place . 2) New Friends . 3) 100 more wishes .
"The photovoltaic process converts the sun's power into #electricity, using #Solar cells."
Haha I was joking. Larish was A 3b phils had last year, prev. w/ Detroit
If you can stand soul crushing ridicule and utter humiliation, I think its a fabulous idea...
I love you sugar!
From : PLEASE help between 5 and 6 and match my challenge grant! Please RT.
Amen sister. If I didn't like what I was doing, ohmygoodness.
Bizarre dream that helicopter was hovering looking for people walking through snow, very James Bond like.
wow is that how I feelin right now?? I'm flattered!
#PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!,
follow me now
fact RT : When a Guy says he's tryna be your friend and see what's up wit you.. Clearly that's a fuckin Lie!!”
Random thing that made me smile
bye ladies .. see yah later .. :) corbin
It was a good game eh? The wings will get 'em in game seven ya know, lol!
Nearly every man can be treated for ED. Solutions include oral medications, injectables, implants. Talk to a urologist.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
Not a bad day here in the KC City Market area. Good day for coffee & talking shop with the locals.
Hmm...80 degrees tomorrow. Wonder how the client will react if I show up in shorts? Probably not wise to find out.
They must be on drugs
Good luck tonight! Score lots of goals send Colorado home with a loss!
that fake nails make my ass tremble ;O ahaha
Ma knees, dey hurt.
Hangin with kiddos at
Best working music ever "Massive Attack" radio on Pandora. Never gets in the way, but keeps you moving
how about Edinburgh?
Gotta wait til tomorrow to get the tickets i dont kno the promotional code
Done. Just bought it for my Kindle. If it's THAT good, I think I'll wait until tomorrow's commute to read it. :)
ahaha tomorrow gonna upload the pics of my webcam with my bff at tinychat haha what a funny and perfect moment at tinychat
I think it must be cupcake season. Another cupcake special order this week.
he said he wants me "on his hip" when he's shopping for furniture for his place :) is it march yet?!?!?!
Playoff basketball >
Y NO DOCUMENTRY IN US. #usgirlproblems. But aw!<3
Happy Passover and Easter to all! It's the season of growth for all of us. Take advantage of all of it's offerings.
Matt read an article on Twitter.
Everyone at wishes you a safe and happy Labor Day weekend. Let the weather be perfect!!!
It's almost over for you? The worst part? It lasts for forever!
Back at work after an epic end-of-summer adventure and it kind of feels like the first day of school. #wheresmyfivestarbinder?
Great job today...love the show! My only issue is that needs to own the medicine he dishes out daily!
#TaughtsAtWalmart daammnnn did you see her ass omg let me fb a booty alert and check in at wallie world :-)
": We need to keep college affordable if we want our students to be able to compete in the new economy #DontDoubleMyRate"
I use to love the taste I would do anything for it , now I would do anything to get the taste out of my mouth
Your imagination is the preview to life's coming attractions -Albert Einstein
Any business out there that wants to sponsor a Italian dance documentary? Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net give us a call!
The morning after the worst night of your life <
Relaxing, watching out and pigging out on junk good =)
Jared Crosby gets the bucket and the foul for Lakes. House returns to game with Hightower trailing by 9.
My mom & Stepdad went to see new Edition tonight .. they should have took my ass !
#AdamOnIdol That look!
New rule, : You can't keep shattering box office records while claiming you need to censor the Internet to save your business.
Going to the #mccgala tonight! So excited!
Someone let me come over or something
Where should I be right now?
Looking for a copier? We have one for sale, and it's cheap too! For more information, email
where is she?
#howrace We are all winners when we are all How
In order to get revenge act like you don't care and watch your haters fade
As a business owner your goal is to replace yourself with systems. It's the only way to build an excellent company.
You know, that's my nice side!
Oh I love it when you scream my name, going sixty in the 3rd lane
Did y'all know they're making a prequel to "The Social Network"? It's a horror movie called "Face-To-Face"
he caught it. Hairston interfered.
omg lol. dude i just died laughing
7 Things You’ve Got to Know About the 2011 World Series
The legit/scary moment in cloudburst for P-A's when the sopranos are in 7 parts ALONE>>>
Why is it that I get so sleepy right around this time that I can't keep my eyes open. I want nothing more than to sleep.
You hate Ariana?
Fellas, when having sex doggy style pull her head back as far as it can go.
Tweet tweet
filmed at Barksdale Airforce Base in Bossier City, Louisiana
6% of guys are waiting for the first step of the girls. Idiots
This is a big week for Cougar Athletics! Women's soccer in the 2nd round of the NCAA's and Regents vote on Stadium!
and he has the best tan in chicago
Bad weather today we will stay closed. Ciaao pry about that
From 3-4 pm today, come to the graduate lounge JO 3.930 to meet Film Studies job candidate Rebecca Gordon.
please be a collabo record
visited at Google today for lunch.. I really think I'm meant to work there because of the juicer station they have at their caf
What type of Garmin do you use? I'm currently watch-free (feels like the kid running w/a walkman while everyones iPoding it :)
RT : used to use my old red one, or c what lens on the 5D the price on the red is crazy will get one when I can afford one..
hey thanks for the follow
#Trivia What year did the Superdome open?
Have you been going to open houses? I love going. I wish we lived closer - I would go with you!
Im down wit OBAMA for life but Im wit tha WhiteMan about thiz one issue Im not wit dat MarriedGayShyt fuk dat hell nawl
Made a black russian/colarado bulldog with diet rootbeer instead of coke. Sometimes you just have to work with what you got.
weezy's on bet and i don't have that chanell , fml. :(
Target 8: Mo. Humane Society Director Salary Raises Questions - KOMU-TV
RT : Proud to welcome 5-time #NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Champ to the family. Excited to be his mktg rep
except for cylons probably...
not gonna lie.. sometimes i still talk into fans to hear my robot voice..
shall u plzz go out with me :-D
RT : the announcer thought we finished the show...after scene 3 tonight! Didn't this happen to this winter!? ;-)
Good work by & on Josh Beckett drama. Not sure if I'm ready to give up on him yet. Great coverage, nonetheless.
k i'll call her up. We'll plan something!
I suppose L.I. has it's share of Republicans....but don't ask me why!!! NY in general is a blue state, however! Thankfully!
#WhenIWasLittle my mama use to say dnt rush to be grown. #NowThatImOlder she i bet you wish you were younger.
Hi, Ohio State. You may be able to run & hide repeatedly in football, but there's no avoiding this one - Signed, THE Cincinnati Bearcats
First correct reply wins #Colts prize package. Indy has played 10 road games at Jacksonville entering today. How many have Colts won?
Lovely to see you, Neal. Come back down South more often!
Yeah! 9th circuit court overturns CA Prop 8!
Hillary should just grab Kim Jong-un by the ear and say "don't make me come back here, boy".
oh gosh..im bout to text you cause im gettin in the car now
Roll Call: 3rd member of TEAM NO SLEEP just checked. She is in the other office (F)
Aunt Joy please reply in the email we are trying to book in Jax FL
thank you new followers!
If off to Angels and Demons. Will it be heaven or hell? Sure loved the book!
dance party and a glass of champagne? congrats girl!
No, you're weird. Which, in Shakespearean terms, could be construed as "interesting" or, at the very least, "plot driving."
ohh snaps. I think my mama addicted to chipotle now. lol. she talking bout what time they open I want me a steak bowl with EVERYTHING. lol
Listening to miss world , it's fucking epic beyond words haha
#ThingsThatBotherMe people who can't give directions & people with no sense of direction smh
Yooo, I love your profile pic!!! Lmbo, too funny bro!
I both love and hate film shoots. They're worse than Irish dance competitions for the "hurry up and wait" factor
You said potential couldn't ever last this long
R.I.P. Joey Jimenez. You'll never be forgotten.
Stressed out, tired...Lighten up the day with some hookah tonight with some friends.
nevermind I figured it out lol thanks!
SHOCKER - Torts is bitching to the referee.
Check out our Facebook page.
I am checking in from the twitter app from my desktop, pretty awesome!
That moment you retread the text he sent you cuz you like him so much it makes you smile
Hard to find new #trends in #Poetry out there,here's something--Poststructuralism and the New Humanism byJean-Jacques Thomas & Jeff Loveland
Thanks for the follow DM
Yeah, but those drummers didn't...nah, won't spoil it. You'll be in for a treat (stay for the mid-credits and after-credits scenes)
West Africa & Indonesia are the primary growing regions of robusta beans (coffee) beans.
It's the one week I won't be in DC I'm so sad! I told I think it's a conspiracy!
#SquaredFact Lexii is 5'2 and a half she's short for a high schooler!
Got questions about #nola or #louisiana history? It's #AskArchivists day around the world, and we can help you! (Really, today or any day!)
nope no one has EVER been there! haha
Just finished a shower after a workout... Then getting some awesome Chicago dogs for lunch.
I'd like to hear that too, gotta place to buy it?
Lars - None of the panelists are from Silicon Valley… new trend? Vancouver, Pittsburgh, Boston. Then VCs make them move to SF :)
That's a happy birthday feast if I ever saw one! :) Happy day!
RT : Help us out, what makes you take a chance on a new author/book?
Finally on this twitter ishhhh. This should be a fun way to waste more time... do i gotta hash tag now? lol follow me if you want!
it was really good though idgi Maybe the thumbs down was because the last part of the description
Hey, thanks! Love the Red Balloon, but alas, they don't get it started until 8 p.m.
Thank you for making me listen to "Jessie's Girl" to start my Monday morning.
hey lady
Liking someone and caring about someone are two different things. Just cause I am only your friend doesn't mean I don't care.
I have a project on the Holocaust that I have to do, but I cant include Hitler in it
Love your initiative - please tell me how can we help in
I thought you meant THE Boss, not ... the boss. ;-)
Weekend work 94 Eastbound 35W to 280 has been cancelled due to weather.
So true, if only people would take the time 2 listen! Do u play favorites? Do u have a fav. mug story?
There's that word again... Automagic!
I must ditto every1 else then. You have so much to say that others will learn from. Knowledge is to be shared.
#PlatformBook I'm excited too, Michele. We need to get together soon.
well now you know
Chris Greene Quartet has a show coming up on 01/20/2010 at 07:00 PM @ M Lounge in Chicago, IL
haha! its not nice to make fun f "non skinny" people! :P
I'm having a rough time deciding what I want for dinner tonight chipotle or sushi? What do you guys suggest? Adam
This pie face bucket head bitch is a trip
sure I would love to be on the resource page, blogs & products.
what you doing now? :D
New Shirt GUNS N ROSES SNAKES & SKULL 2011 TOUR TEE ( W. HOLLYWOOD)
It's not about getting customers to click the like button-- it's about getting customers to click with the product. -
something terrible?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 29
rudeness is rampant. never acknowledging an apology is height of rudeness. you ask for it and get it and stay silent? rude.
#ThatAwkwardMoment you spill something on your boob
ShopTalk Show RAPIDFIRE 2, sound bite: "If you code it, the skills will come"
Oh good. Glad to help!
Q3b You must be able to boil down your PR story into tweets and short posts for other social media networks
please follow me
Its silly to call Transformers 3 a threat against humanity and cinema, that's giving it too much credit. Yet, how the audience reacted...
Best new artist Bon Iver. #HipHop where ya at?? you still the shit boy!
you might be somewhat lazy, because my three cats start this routine at 3:00 am.
if it makes you feel any better, I hate everyone too
Time to get instagram
WOW. Cady Coleman is talking about catching a Japanese supply ship with a robotic arm from the space station. Human joy!
Uh oh I smell a dub club 20 point blow out comimg...lmao
I'm terribly sorry I cannot watch your gleaming face tonight on #aots because instead I have to study! :(((((
Well this really sucks.
RT - Lol can't wait for Miami dolphins opening day against them pats !!!!! FINS UP 
#same mistakes .
Live show in 30 minutes--you should be watching! Join The SCoop on TV8 or at www.trojanvision.com!
thanks love;)xxxooo back @ ya!!!!
Told an 8-yr old that I used to watch the Disney Channel too in my day & her response was "Was it in black and white then?" Ha!
fregg'n laless,this is u,in child dev ms.Morgan said "Toddlers ages 1-3 can only handle no more then 2 options" ha
Never mind, saw it!
it's true.
your gonna kick my ass? Please do (: id like to see that come on im waiting.....
“: Heat-Thunder gets a 2.1 overnight rating beats Cards-Marlins opener with a 1.8 overnight rating ”
You know you real friends when you can curse eachother out casually & continue the convo normally lol
you gonna make it on Saturday? BAP BBQ
Tonight: Sunday: Famous sports people with Monday: Opening Day insanity. It's either feast or famine around here.
You got just what I'm looking for
Wow... the Red Sox suck, It feels so good to say that!
Anytime!!!! I can't wait
Somebody had the raging bull 5's on the 49ers sideline
I swear in on May 21st! :)
Hi there!! How have you been? Be sure to also check out for more on the latest in mktg, adv, pr & design!
Reading Grotius and trying to decipher how #RufusKing used his notion of rights during the Missouri Controversy debates.
Happy Mothers Day Mom, I love you so much, thank for always being there when I #turntoyou<3
start buying lottery tickets at a luckier store
FB & YouTube made it possible to widely disseminate the (digital) photos of khalid said in the preceding months.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life ~ William Feather
Thanks for spreading the knowledge!
Mentally and physically preparing to teach FOUR group strength classes this week (and one powerflow)! I'm going to be unbelievably sore ...
I was hoping Randle was gonna fall to the Browns since they still haven't drafted a WR yet...
what it's fun(:
Classes start today...woohoo!!!
ay bruh i sent ocena deep and feelin so good beatz..work kon dem for right now..ima find somtin to do wit dat my baby beat..
whats up bro ?-?
Woohoo! Breeding and pissing session lined up for me tonight.
#ReppinMyHood CURB GANG !!!!!!!!
Help us get to 2500 'Likes' on FACEBOOK and we will release a teaser clip of one of our new songs! facebook.com/flighttoathena
#ITSnothing u got shit to do today
have to fill u in..
That peanut drink I posted a picture of on Sunday? Turns out it's kind of great. Like drinking peanut butter, yet better than that sounds.
We are open! Open Mic tonight, 9 pm.
that should tell you somethingg
you people need to cmment on shit more. -alexis
I don't wanna move. Just let me embrace my morning comfort a little while longer.
Find someone and throw a random compliment their way today! Lets change the world!
RT - Read Inga Saffron's article about the redesigned 1619 Walnut Street - amazing history of the old #KYW bldg...
Man i missed my bro last night :(
Focus for next role: be fearless, be bold, be true.
Quote of the day: "I'm only what I choose and refuse not to be. And that's real." -Devin T. Robinson X
Less than a month till New York ! The party starts in Detroit (:
Yes sir.
Pretty sure I made a good decision...see y'all tomorrow on #classy night :)
I guess Chrome is 14 now. Crazy spooky updater.
10am to Noon St Patrick's Day. $17 ticket gets you 2 pints and all you can eat eggs and bacon. Tell your friends.
Last Night in Twisted River is one of the best books I've ever read.
Life is too short to not be happy.
yeah only those on Eastern seaboard will miss out...that's me ;^(
I'm considering a nap.
"Plastic Bag Use Reduction Ordinance" What a great name! Public comment to come....
This weather boa. smh o.O
Q In the event that a pitch tanks, what should the writer do? Chat w/ exec? Make a fast escape?
Picked up the first Welty author at the airport this afternoon. Joy Castro came to town early for the Common Reading Initiative.
Congratulations to Jennifer and Justin!
With Amare and Lin out, I'm setting Melo shot attempts tonight at 35. He had 26 WITH Amare last game. You have the over or the under?
now did her thang singing the national anthem!!! she looked wonderful in that red!!! yes, i am biased!!!
I can't deal with her brand of crazy right now. I'm ready to move.
Who!! <3 YOUR NEW VIDEO I LIKED IT
From: I get that makerbots are cheap, but are the still feasible when you consider the supplies? #libmade (An investment!)
Windy, cold, and a little bit of sleet in Northwest Las Vegas. Bur!
Plans for Labor Day Weekend!? Harley Davidson Rally? St. Francis Days? All-City Peoples Parade? Fish Fry and a Flick? What are your plans?
Rayburn grand slam!!! His 2nd HR of the game. how many did Inge have yesterday again?
:D What's your Get Glue username?!
I need to invent a way to be three places at once tonight. That's plausible, right?
my energy is at a 2 today... wow.
How rotten to be in the hospital though. Hope he recovers quickly and gets out soon!
Hey talk to me (: lol
Currently collaborating w/ The Art of Basketball at the Gateway Center
I went to an exhibit of painting of the Hudson Valley at the Ossining Library
What a sweet talker! Lol I miss you!!!
good seeing lots of cool gear and good friends at #NAMM today!
I'm looking to start my own business. Most likely, Event management
Brian Matusz should throw it a little more down the middle #Norfolk #sendhimdown idc if it's only one run I was there for Texas game
Rewarding myself for 7 days of workouts with TCBY!
Okay! Let's go Crossing Guards...Wait, I mean Baylor.
haha if it wasn't on a Friday I totally would!
Listening 2 songs her voice is adorable and so she is.
Haha! RT : Every time I hear the word "superconductor," I think of in a cape....
#same #worthit #ObamaFallon RT : Took a nap so I could watch just said Duke sucks...
so much hw...
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. — Eleanor Roosevelt #quote My Favorite all time quote
Where can you get Cody Crunch? The cereal
At this point, I don't even need Mr. Schram to get me to swear. Doing it pretty well on my f-ing own! He would be proud!
Goodnight All.
Washington D.C. (the elected ones) prove my point.
Does a no-hitter in baseball even mean the same thing it once did?
someones getting drunk.
Like really was up twitter
It's all right. Could use a few more outlets though..
Why do direct messages exist on twitter? 100% spam
Sometimes I just don't get twitter. I feel like it could be a bit more user friendly.
We Lofao at these
Tonight, come support Hamilton Crop Circle at The Chameleon as we host a benefit dinner! Call (410) 254-2376 to purchase tickets.
wish I was there! <3
IE on Xbox wouldn't work 2-3 years ago because HP, Dell wouldn't have allowed essentially a $199 computer.
had a GREAT day @ the One Book, One Denver Preschool kick-off event today!
Our Condolences to the Houston Family and the world on the untimely passing of a beautiful voice gone to soon. Landons PMR.
Even the board of education members are paid and you wail on me?
Today is good.
We can't be busting on our President about Terroist trials when we have all the unjust trials of our own citizens .
Glad to be off. I would jack off if i had the energy just gone watch the playoffs and movies tho
my 4yr old has a heart murmur,he's goin to the cardiologist tomorrow to find out the severity.We need all the prayers we can get
People lie to much (liar liar pant on fire) lol
I'm flipping between channels.
© laws outside the U.S.: J.R.R. Tolkien is co-author of movies LOTR, T and ROTK. WGAW collects his royalties but can’t locate his estate.
Hey buddy, keeping busy. How's life treating you?
Did you know monks invented creamy cheese to complement their daily 5 liters of beer? Thanks via Modern Marvel of cheese.
New This Week | Five new jobs. Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
Hahahahaha wow your so two faced.
I challenge you to an otter slappin' contest! Winner gets to be mayor (as well as a free foot rub!)
Floyd unfortunately, hoping Cotto can Buster him tho
Me too!
maroon 5 and john mayer all day
I am at a complete stop on it interstate highway thank you virginia
I hope you all have a Happy Thanksgiving!!
Stephanie Meyer is taking drivers seat- optioned Down a Dark Hall -gave her nightmares
I love it when and talk to each other on Twitter.
thank you!!
Just finished a walk through on an installation that the team did - fabulous!!!!! I am like a proud Moma!
no problem :)
aw, poor guy!
working on another voice of the customer proposal, fun stuff!
Internet is my life
"Minds are like parachutes. They only function when they are open." - Sir James Dewar
I hope we get one of the big two recruits that are annoucing today!
All I want for my birthday is a date with !
Checked into my hotel, ready for some nerdy librarian time.
Art of Evil Geniuses Productions.
I thought the blood looked a little movie-like. More applied than actual.
Osu is lookin' mighty fine on MTV right now!
sometimes I wonder how ur teeth stay white....considering the smell that comes out of ur mouf
Goodness! I need details! I say we both just move to Hawaii! RT : new adventure! :D
Replay please! Irby back-of-the-endzone TD catch is nullified on the field. Sure looks like he got the toe down.
Set your alarm or DVR for 7:30am tomorrow. "Autism: We Thought You'd Never Ask" interviews 6 adults with autism. On MPTV 36.
Lady Gaga: 'I Smoke Pot While Writing Music'
R.I.P Donna Summer :(
. was great at #reasonrally. Might do encore later.
WTF is a jig worm?
Everyone is beginning to ask .... Where is the Fazzino RIDE!? The excitement grows! Too much fun!
People who get my sense if humor & aren't prude bitches. >
stop going to cost cutters, simon ;)
#ihatethatfeeling when I make it to the airport in plenty of time and realize I left my luggage at home.
I'm not saying goodbye
I spent this last Shabbat in Efrat, Gush Etzion. It's snowed there today. I've been asked several times if it will snow in Jerusalem.
I am speaking on behalf of at the San Diego Social Media Symposium! So excited.....
Yikes. Sorry to hear that you're frustrated.
Cuz I tried to roofie the bitches but you stole their drink again. So we stole your ID and Credit Cards but you had money
Shortest sentence in the English language: "Go."
yes!!! My Scotland one is chipped so I'm planning a trip. Haha.
pfft... Reid Hoffman. That guy doesn't have any new ideas!
Catching up on #thevoice. Could Carson be ANY less energized ALL the time? Come on man pep it up!
Hi! What's up?
Giving shout outs ? Anyone want one ?
#FF khalesis' and "blood of my blood" if you love RT
Never really was into clubbing. I'm wifey type. I just want to take one of those DW. Pictures!
I am signed up for the inaugural Pedal the Plains ride in Colorado on Sept 21-23. Anyone else interested in a team ride. DFI'ers??
and the lunch would, of course, be *my* treat!
RT : Do you have a few hours free? I have a job I will pay you to help with. Seriously. Need help.
Dish soap --> things more interesting than my friends' Facebook updates
: #RollCall, get it in #Represent for you #HBCU!! You know where I'm going with this...............No words needed!!
what r u doing now ? ;D
If I could lose the tits I'd be good--kara
RT IQ Squared: Is Organic Food Marketing Hype? so much for my great idea to start buying organic groceries
Sometimes I feel like I want too many things out of life... But I guess that's a
RT ! You should have won..Damon is always the best choice
Didn't a law pass in the city council chambers yesterday regarding this?
When I'm trying to watch a show, and someone is telling me what's going to happen. WAT R U DOING. WHY ARE YOU STILL BREATHING. STAWWP ET.
whaat nathan I thought you were a girl?
At school :/
4 exams this week and 2 the next.
character based on person, overall of swimming in beer, P.O. that makes me feel angry, person that makes me sad, while making sandwich. Hm
Jeremy Kyle be gettin n mofos grill damn
I'm quitting my job so I can realize my life dream of being a heavy metal drummer. First tour is with Lam of God.
Driving through the Asian district, I spend a good amount of time brainstorming pho restaurant names.
thanks for the RT!
It's May 1st! It's count down time!
that cool bro. Which gym you go too?
Good morning on this Good Friday, the weekend is in view! Own the day.
No problem. Have we worked with you before, I can't find your name in the system?
Ray Bans and straw hats were made for each other.
Anyone wanna go for a run with me?!
Good morning America and good morning .. Real Estate, Real Results!!
about nothing.
“ Blessing to everyone”
never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down.
Damn y'all can take that nigga of the milk carton..#ochocinco has been found
Nap time
I'M KILLIN SHIT I NEED A CASKET
Poppin champagne ! Until im drinking #tequilashots ! At primal
ah! good point.
When was the last time you tested yourself How can you say anyone is not of worth when you herald vintage wins that none cares about!
If you're going to spend $9 for a sandwich at subway, just go to togos or quiznos
Waking up restless in the middle of the night <----
If I can hear the music through your headphones as you walk by 50 ft away, it's too loud.
give the gift of
New beat means lots of coffees with city officials. After 3 weeks of coffee mtgs, I think all the tastebuds have been burnt from my tongue.
nm just chillin :D a crispy news :D?
#IfYouKnewMeWell youd know that you dont really know me and theres probably only 3 people who acually know ME.
*just got a twitter & need good user name* YAY NOT TAKEN.! "let me just double check"
got a gig at 9 :( or i totally would..couldnt find anyone to go there w/me for restrnt week. Gimme a full review. Enjoy
Good day to go to the beach!!!
I'll have to send you the list of songs...it's pretty awesome!
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend. :)
hey there! how're yah!? =)
thats cool, u gotta sexy voice. everyone loves to hear it lol
Let's go brewers!
omg which one? jelly belly? I love factory tours.
Down to the FINAL day to vote for hoedown! Please Vote today!! A lot!!!
Best crab cake ever!!!!
We agree with Dr. Allen: libraries are foundations of intellectual culture.
you are right. Just crazy. It was part of my weekly schedule. Now I will fill it with anything but A&E programming.
:) Nice...Friends all shapes, ages, & sizes :) Dig It
Spilled windex on white coat. RUINED! Need to find someone who dyes clothing. Recommendations???
Can't breathe out my fucking nose , urghhh !
Someone should remind me that rent isn't free. Preferably before the 1st of each month. Thanks.
RT Apple's developer docs defy text selection/copying when viewed on iPad: maddening.
"For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong." - H.L. Mencken
I guess :( but can I change the name of the account to something 1D related?
seriously. Maybe they will have to "skype to confirm", lol. Wow, you look very hairy and old for a 16 year old!
It's lunch time Portland. Have you had Walla Walla Sweet Onion Rings this season? Come on in today for your golden rings.
M so quotes have caught my attention lately. How bout "Love rewards the brave" for something beautiful to remember?
Chyea we did
thanks for the RT! : )
Brio Flatiron Enjoying the appetizer special Eggplant Stuffed with ricotta, chopped tomato salad
you already know lol. One I thing I actually agree with skip is Kobe is jacking up way to many shots, Bynum needs more shots
Domestic Short Hair - Orange and white - Jack - Large - Adult ...
peas are good for you
Got a free hot dog at walgreens today...turned my entire day around!
Good morning!! :)
Best night ever!!! Sad that was our last dance this year :(
that Sally Hansen Salon Effects is the shiet
Love is love. Doesn't matter which sex you like, we should all be treated the same and have equal rights. Oh and marry whoever we want.
her name is :)
Dontcha wish ya gf was hot like me
you are a social butterfly.
your icon is...amazing.
GoGos tonight RT “: Hello Baltimore can't believe this is the first time we've played here, Gina's hometown!”
New link:
Amen RT : Everyone makes mistakes. Apologize, acknowledge and move on. Trust is the greatest currency in social media.
Lmfaooo i forgot ok
Ugh! Off 2 a late start this morning .... Good thing I make my own time :-) Morning Tweeps!!!
I love RT : RT "I love " will win Luke Bryan's new CD courtesy of Capitol Records right
ah ok den! I'm trying to get a lil more nasty it it!
♥ I want to be in relationship...., ♥.... where we can joke Around.... ♥.... Be Each other's Best Friend
: Do most of the museums you visit now have an open - but no flash/no tripod- photography policy?
Not wanting to read a book
Rosie o' course!
GUYS HELP ME GET TO SEE ME ON MY BIRTHDAY
Don’t you see the minutes faint / fade away / disappear / only to stay / forever
Georgetown House Tour with Rich!
Woo. SEVEN guests today!
Someday I will be able to fly to Pittsburgh and see a Pens game live, in person
Walk with a limp cuz I'm gangsta hard core I'm gettin an ice cream cone!
We got it fixed, but I will check & let you know. Basically it was pipes behind a vanity that snapped when we pulled it out.
...people often LOOK @ your REACTION to KNOW how to ACT! TRY TO KEEP THEM GUESSING! ;-)
Game in Westfield at 12:45, then game at 4:35 in Columbus, Ohio. Gonna have to turn into a race car to make it there on time!
Watching The First 48....I am PISSED watching these FOOLS just confess. Don't be a dumbass like these cats, keep your mouth shut! 7132227577
We lowered the sky. There's less room.
Just realized I've had the "new" Subway pizza sub, but I haven't seen "The Avengers" yet. What in the blazes does that make me?
What does an Aggie fan do after A&M beats the Longhorns? Turns off the xbox and goes to bed.
Great session with and
that and his red n blue shoes
"Failure on the part of the press." From . That's rich.
really? do you?
im not asking for his tumblr because i respect you not giving it out, but how did your friend find it!?
Just had a WORLD PREMIER of one of my compositions last night. The Baroque Suite, All went well and the music was well received.
feeling your pain in seattle, I found myself wearing long underwear today. CA looks very appealing about now
Just because I kissed u don't mean I love u
ugh maybe you should call the police?
Swimming for exercise is so fun but I feel like an old lady doing water aerobics and I don't want to get too buff and manly
form a thought. sustain a thought. convey that thought to others through language. why does that process seem impossible for some people?
#scms12 unpacks the deep racialized logics of copyright law (following Stephen Best's poetics of possession)
You're Getting Facebook Timeline now me n facebook r officially over
#Bourekas for sale at the #OVSBazaar on Sunday, December 11th are first come, first serve (so no advance orders)!
When you wait chipotle looks and tastes better
Sopapilla Cheesecake! #easy dessert #mexican dessert #cinnamon #cream cheese #horchata #foodblog #foodies #best desserts #fast desserts
wow a whole 15 minutes on bombing
what?! Where are you moving?
funny how winning 12 out of 18 changes people's tune. If we can play .667 baseball for 15 more games we r at .500
looking forward to it!
if u can reach it lol jk ily =P
I'm divergent!!!!
No reason 4 snide comment abt me and facts. I told u million times I didn't write stry you're angry abt. Lets b friends!
S/O to she it's new on twitter but it's a true Mahomie
Why is Hollie still on American Idol? Better question may be why am I tweeting about American Idol?
Good morning everyone
R u kidding me!?!?! this song is fucking sex to my ears he has a sexy mofo deep ass voice!!
couldn't of said it better
hi buddy miranda~ good morning~ love you so much my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care xoxo <3
you saved the day when the struggling economy closed the doors of my favorite small batch roaster in Illinois
I remember a time when the #Yankees could actually score runs. It was a simpler time, it was a better time.
Up watchin Snapped with my mama
gotta admit I didn't expect you to take it in that direction.
MINE TOO.
I'll let you know when another party comes out , then we can both do it!
Hey there, (sdkastle), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
kiss it all better
follow me on tumblr lovee ! I have like none of my friends on it !):
Was at the ER until 3:30 a.m. with my youngest. Need to finish an article, thinking one more power nap might do the trick!
Such fun at zumba tonight! I've been needing some extra endorphins to ward off the winter blues.
yes! I'll be home late though...my place in the heights...9pm?? New puppy needs love. Netflix date?
game rating 8000 Perfect Grade BB 0.12g Polished for Best Accuracy and Velocity ;P
Ex-#NFL & #Badger players Derek Engler & Tarek Saleh are broadcasting their show #InTheTrenches live here tonight from 5-7pm!
“Without promotion something terrible happens... Nothing!” -P.T. Barnum
TRAVELING CIRCLE will perform at Zebulon this Thursday. Details here: www.​myspace.​com/​travelingcircle​
Good morning(:
You had me at "Bud Light cans."
Debit Card info stolen from a local biz. I'll get a new card in 5-7 business days. There goes my lavish "order pizza twice a week" lifestyle
Find out today but it looks like I'll have lots more time for auditions next month, retiring on the 1st of June. Happy days!
I should be sleeping right now but I'm hard.
you watched live?
It seems to be a knock-off of Celebrity Duets, which ran like 5+ years ago for like two seasons maybe.
BREAKINGNEWZ: Old Indian burial ground discovered under center field at #Nats Park.
Can't j walk everywhere
is Saturday really Saturday when you have to work?
Why doesn't thisboy get it. There never was something and there never will be something. He's getting to be a stalker.
So I have not heard from guess she still mad at me..... -_-
Sherri Shepard got voted off Dancing with the Stars on April 10th!
I wish I was beautiful...
#MORETHANTHIS :D I love this song!!! Can't wait for the video!!!
water water water!
aww congrats Eric! I need to sleep on your air matress at least 16 times
This account is so 2010 -- the are now tweeting from Come on over and check us out!
Hahaha briana told me i look normal today xD
Thx. I'm feeling better too. Only 3 pics there as spent the entire day in the hotel, but I'll add a few more everyday.
Heading to Muncie tonight with ! Yay!
yep, Rockefeller State Reserve. It's a sick spot.
Awww I'm sorry
I'm sorry honey...ugh...Sundays I like to just focus myself...cuz I become property of the public after that day lol
My trust is real easy to get but its also really easy to lose
This my last week of school... So already know what that means!!
you and replied to that at the exact same time! hahahaha :)
Need people to 63 and Woodlawn ASAP. #takethespring #saveourclinics police threatening to arrest patients fighting forfeit lives
Missing the celtics play<
Gearing up for summer!
#hitting the sheets. Goodnight(;
I appreciate the follow! Thanks!
Reggae Entertainer Pam Hall will be a guest speaker on Monday Feb. 13, @ 7pm on "Reggae 101" Series, Episode 7
have fun!
poll: should i just use this 25% barnes and noble coupon to buy a nook tablet to root and have as my own? y/n
thanks for the like! We need company on the road!
luvin my new mushroom look
Lol, faggot tryna call me gay i can actually get GIRLS.
Dude! What happened! Why didn't you come?!
I hate when I tweet about stuff that sounds related to a previous conversations I've had with other people. It's just a coincidence.
"Are you stoned or something?" "They tried stoning me once; It did not work." xD
Good morning! 💗Happy Mothers Day 💐lol treat ur mom like a 👸today!😃
whatever floats your boat uses to represent gps coordinates, it'll be mostly accurate enough (:
Yea them videos is fina make otha rappers stepp it up or finally give it up!!!
Retweet if u found sexy : UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY ONE DIRECTION UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY.
Just got the best junk mail trying to get me to buy a banana tree. For real.
Hey mother in-law!!! <3
Mo Williams shot the Clippers back in to it and then back out of it. #PutYaHeadDown #GetToThe Rim
if I had slave, that's exactly what I would do! X
#libchat gaming amen. Doing a gaming present this weekend. Geek power.
She doesn't mind is on the radio <33 gah. I love this song
I would watch NASCAR if the drivers had had as much to drink as the fans
Capa party here i come lol
Aw sorry to hear you're counting down the days :( Are you only staying for one year? Or at least, the end is in sight?
Not failure, but low aim, is crime. - James Russell Lowell
It's already in the works. The amount of inspirational images, memories, & experiences that I'm working with is enormous.
crown royal next time !!!!
kind of getting tired of being called a genius.
: Give your fans the option to pay via text so they don't have to be in the rain? Text me for more info 9164206020
only thing better is an ice cream lunch.
pls sing for me :)
haha i do :) Great point on branding being more than a logo, too! Definitely agree.
Thank you #grammys for introducing me to Amazing band.
apple techs say configurator is not for 1to1 programs, only shared carts. VPP saves $$$ either way though.
My morning quote was from Dorothy Height
wine before work - how refreshing
if MInnesota loses the Vikings, they are complete idiots.
That's funny. Animals are so weird sometimes!
Just finished watching the notre dame game. Wow. Just wow. Michigan is a HORRIBLE football team, can't even believe we lost.
That moment when you can't get enough of one song, so it plays on repeat. Again and again and again.
one hour and 15 mins to go... so ready for the weekend!!
Your tweets make you seem like you're always on some sort of LSD.
wait...bbq or bong?
Very informative session. I really enjoyed my first middle school chat.
Solos got to take that!
No, my momma showed me precious Sophia! We need some auntie/cousin quality time!
Today in #Theatre History 1978. Happy Birthday , can't wait to see you on Oct. 2nd.
Ur making so much money yet u still live and home with mamma at 22!!! SMH go get u a degree so u can make some real money oh that won't
it sucks
DM us and we'll send you info about open dates for 2012. Thank you!
We're tapping about $3.47/gal for regular here in Richmond, VA.
I love your profile pic!! :)
my boy finally on twitter!!!
Final Perk===Finals Fiesta!!! May 1, 7-9 pm on the library terrace.
Some people are like slinkies, they don't really serve a purpose but they put a smile on your face when you shove them down the stairs.
Let's get it bullies! Take ur time drose it will come back.
wants to welcome Betty Lorkowski as their newest company member!!!
// where u surprised by the lack of VC funding in the Valley targeted for blk tech firms? Just 1% correct?
I might hit wildsplash just to medicate the crowd.
Chris Brown? *Waits For Justin*
Rivers belong where they can ramble; eagles belong where they can fly...
text me
Just got email from the Knicks. They are making a "Major announcement" today at 3PM....hm
Getting ready for this job interview at 3pm. Hope I land this one
Playing in downtown LA tonight at 10! Sweet spot, new tunes, no cover!
Check out awsome accessories for you harley. Custome engraved illuminated windshields. www.darksideshields.com
thanks for the RT! Great profile photo too
180 GWMS - 3 saved!!! Harvest time!! Thank u Lord for changing our names!
What a week! 10 new accessions today and progress on cleaning up the Archives. 2 site visits next week. Can't wait to see how others do it:)
I hope wins the tourny
good luck next year! I hope all your dreams come true for you and your family!
Mixing some music!
pretend to be prego for April fools and you'll end up being that and god will send you a fool 4real.
love you too! See you in a few days!
Plus, if we're going to be sticklers for proper dress, the orchestra shouldn't be wearing tuxes for an afternoon concert.
You can reach me directly at . I'll be happy to address any concerns you have.
Headed out for dinner and some fun in #Dallas for my final night in
want to watch some awesome Logend of zelda awesomeness then come to my live stream im playing one of the games that started for me
>>>> annoying / rude flight attendants. Yes I see u and no I'm not checking my bag gtfoh
Chili's with and
Welcome to the neighborhood! I imagine you'll be spending some time at Where the locals go.
Derrick Rose is hurt again... Could he be another DWade???
At the #TAC-G conference with presentation is very informative! ARC is up at 12:45.
i don't even care c:
I hate it when people use the words "content" or "product" to describe art. How sad it is that people frame their world that way.
Waiting on my parents to get here with this spaghetti
125 cappers posted today with their coin flips for tonight and I have compiled 1 NHL,4 CBB and 1 NBA consensus which is the over in LA/Port
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months. Clifford Stoll
Hope she can can get back on track and come back on Misfits. I like her.
yay! Glad u like it :)
Lesson learned. I should have stopped when left.
well if you like Nick Breezy better than Nicholicious then maybe consider changing your username to ICONickBreezy😉
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office online streams on HD
Oh yeah, BTW I'm
Super Mom Search Launched Aesthetic Edge To Conduct Mommy Make-Over For Deserving Moms.
Prince, we know you don't have a twitter, but assume you monitor our account and want to see us in MSP. You're on the guest list.
We liked your video on Vimeo. Thanks for following us back.
spent the whole day yesterday in the ER
#2amt I have to admit, I'm a sucker for a big shocking moment right before an intermission. Tracy Letts has a fine hand for that.
you got two chasers!! Cool!
Cleaning out my closet is a job.
Yeah that sucks but shit happens. Can't wait to see you back kicking ass. Get well soon man.
Is everything ok between you three? At each others throats this morning.
it is. Haha
Bwhahaha lol iight I get my doctor bag ready
promotion NOT by ESPN mke by the way. (a man can dream though) haha
you know they are! I filled out some online petitions and the delays to submit the forms were LONG! Melting servers.
Follow program director and station manager please, if you will.
foam plate example is pretty scary! :P
How is life treating ya friend? Praying for ya success!
WOW Tebow & the Broncos just shut all the haters mouths!! #withGod ALLthingsrpossible
hahaha its my cousin! Cause he is tryna get at my friend hah
please do
. I'm around the corner from you over at Springfield Farm!
I like more unsigned bands than signed bands!!!! wtf? what happened to the music industry????
And this is where everything starts to go downhill.
Duck dynasty tonight!!!!!!! WHO'S EXCITED????
MO? My kingdom for more frequent flier miles!
doesn't care about or me anymore...I just don't understand
One big room...
so excited! about to start setting up for #STEMmerday!
I have not met you Before. But I have keen following many other strong believers in Christ. Hoping that they might follow me
Finished my exams!!
←I love this radio station<3 (:
// I bet the Yahoo exec wishes he read this before he did his resume! Lol
Swim like your gonna drown, Ride like you stole it and Run like they are chasing you.
I say we get rid of Nnamdi he suck ass!! Got Mad love for Asante and it will be the Eagles lost if you leave.
I joke with my wife that this is "Ike & Tina!!! But it is so Tina with a little Ike!!
RT RT : RT : Could've, should've and would've...How about we change that to dream, create and live.
thanks to for the help this morning. iPhone 4s is in its way!
thx Congrats to you too lady. Idk how you ran that fast at the beginning w/ the crowds! Kudos. My favorite race of the year! :)
Sounds heavenly. RT : So I'm totally going to be a nerd and go to the library after work today.
Excited to be working with new clients and boutique on some PR initiatives! Fabulous locally owned businesses!
RT : NBC Miami reporting the Heat have won the NBA Title.
if you're feelin it raise your l in the sky
Whoever forgives an offense seeks love, but whoever keeps bringing up the matter ruins friendships. Proverbs 17:9
#reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend ... seriously??? I'm trending a new topic
