Beer is the reason I get out of bed every afternoon.
Good luck with the Season Drew hopefully yall can bring another Super bowl to New orleans
Getting ready for our panel discussion on Thursday with
love you PRINCETON
Well, finally came around, now if I can just get to follow suit.
wow!! 30% off wine on Sunday and Monday... get it!! :)
hahahahha yes burn me a copy!
looks like kid in candy shop
Las Vegas real estate agents....The Beeten Team needs buyer agents. Call me!!
Go Maine!
P.S. Did we mention there will be a giveaway for a $100 American Express® Reward Card? Just one more reason to chime in!
Follow back?
#Teamsthatcanbeatthelakers Flint Tropics
Feeling awkward, sucks.
I don't believe we do but from your tweets you seem like a cool ass female.
Today, Jan 24th is National Compliment Day, "You are all really great 'fans' and we appreciate you all very much!"
who needs jobs?! or hey, better idea! lets get a job together ;)
Damn Mr. Barron still locked up man smh lol
Hello everyone. I hope you are having a nice evening.:)
ty :) i wondered where u went ?where did u go ?
asa tell chris mintz-plasse to follow me dm him so he gets it get him to follow me please and i will do something in return
T4: Do you prefer to speak alone or on a panel? What are benefits of each?
It's official, I suck at bowling
ENJOY!! RT Wow, great weather in Napa today, super excited to get my slurp on (@ Opus One Winery)
Apps To Save Your Lost or Stolen iPhone
"Social media are the tools. Real time is a mindset." - David Meerman Scott
re lack of employee loyalty employer's fault: immutable law of organizations - management usually gets what it deserves.
that sangria looks soo yummy right now!
Hey are the colts looking to pick anyone up or just focusing on Peyton?
The ppl next to me sitting N their car breaking down weed. I wonder if it's Dro? lol
the whole day! ha xD it heard its funny, but its @ 8 hamilton high school, just ask and say if youre or not going;3 ,i miss you2<3
Best of luck to you!
Smashing on some pizza with and
you and your boy problems! ;)
#SarahPalin pulls out of '12 election. If her daddy had just pulled out of her mommy we could focus on more important things like
lemme get an email
My phone has been dead for like 2 hours. I never let that happen. Ohwell.
Who knew that sitting down and thinking about something could produce such results?
stay away from me 4eva and you know who you are .......inbox me to make sure >:(
But the good news is Brandon Marshall won't be dropping any passes this year for the Dolphins
Not yet but we'll add it when we can ^_^
I think it's bKuz I'm light skinned
What a great weekend wow the party bus was amazing pimp me ya dig
Today is a sushi day!
We've extended our Service Hours on Saturday from 8am-4pm. We felt it was the right decision.
lol boy i say hi to you at school to !
Is it just "hot in here" or is it "hot in herre?" That extra r adds a couple of degrees.
Maybe it's a good thing I missed my flight. I think there was a terrorist on it.
20 mins for two pizzas during the #finalfour nice work
I'm not a fan of right now. Delayed my flight for no reason, made me miss connecting flight and no recourse for extra $ I paid
Sour patch kids are the best I can eat the whole bag
hey Trevor... Are you OK now Bro...? I was at disney on your injury's game. Wish you fast recovery!
#whatisnttrending The Kool Aide man... Sad stuff, he should be trending all the time "OH YEAH"
suggests too much money on PGA. Older guys played near full schedule for love of game and respect of sponsors
hehehe... actually I'm hoping they'll go easy on *me* :)
Thanks for the RTs and support!
Did you find Facebook ads to be worth the investment?
Immediate Casting! Do you have a friend in a bad relationship? Do they need help? Email your story:
Glad to see agreement in today's Battle for the Internet #TheGuardian that anti-piracy laws are becoming a big threat to the Internet.
If we give in that leaves us with defeat. To live is to let go but follow your dreams forever. Never let THEM go...
I get to go home TODAY! Woof woof bark bark bark!
Damn #ncaahoops is upon us. This time of year for sports is omazing!
Oh it feels like the first round in Hollywood!
life happens when you're too busy making plans. i expect nothing.
what a gentleman.
I have been at work for about 70 minutes, & 60 of them have been spent explaining to users why the databases are down. Long day coming up...
Gen Y xpressions artwork on zanbeel art facebook
just got off the phone with the basketball league's New Chief Financial Officer
homework /: you?
lmao. thank you :)
THINKING ABOUT GIVING UP TRIED FOREVER AND I STILL WON'T FOLLOW ME BACK :(
Bobby Valentine Experiment might be an okay band name. Might even be a tolerable laser light show. As a managerial concept it kind of sucks.
No worries! See you today!
Well, I did get up at 4 to get here ;)
There's an unusually high volume of cursing and sirens on Allen between Stanton and Rivington tonight.
What about cuntybitch?
For me to fight two bitches, he'll yeah lol
One last time, Happy Birthday (: youull never know how much i love you<3
"That's a perfect name for the game!" *pause* "No wait, it sounds like a brand of underwear."
aye txt my line
If You are stuck in MIDDLE Management click like and want a way Out contact me asap
So ready to get to my home. Three more weeks in this place.
i think today is a linkin park kinda day
following you Sean.. give me a follow back -J Notez
Finally finishing the re-writes on my screenplay after a long day. Remember I always
...... that video is superb...not one for the cat daddy, but I have no prob with this....
Yeah, I've realized that this trip... for good and bad lol.
So does this mean Favre wont be coming out of retirement?
packing up the Homeward office for #projecthomelessconnect tomorrow! Ready to welcome 1,200 Richmonders!
Never mind.
Recorder defends spending
The top model qualifiers have NOT been announced yet! !
Lovin' the New Yorker this week (11/21): Louise Erdrich! Eric Idle! Paul Theroux! and more. Great stuff.
Yes! Its Saturday 3 day weekend!! :D
Yea when youre sitting right beside me I feel at home, but you don't even acknowledge me..:(
Thanks for the catch RT - fact checker: it is Darron not Darren.
awesome and thanks, when are you free to come in and meet me in person ?
'Love/Hate' review: Rhapsody in blah - San Francisco Chronicle
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 18
southern country on the east coast darlin...what ab you??
"I just wiped my ass with drakes face" -Rube Sheeber
grow as a person.
the house...
I love you too <3
what kind of question is that? Haha #YEAH!
Like i said you tell me bullshit I DONT CARE about !
#10ThingsIFindAttractive 's cats (:
Me me me, please! TY
Another great student question: why isn't _Visits_ in chronological order?
Obviously. The entire Dule Hill canon.
Nope. After my time. I remember the debut of Thriller in 1983, does that count?
In 1913 Lowell Thomas enters the Chicago Kent College of Law and teaches an oratory course there.
spending my first 21 and up experience in downtown San Diego tonight so excited! :)
lick jays armpit
You lead an interesting life!
Have you seen this Theory Test??!!
this is really going to sound like a creepy comment, but you have super pretty eyes!!
hmm.. Any time that's good for you after 9:45ishh. But I understand if you have other stuff going on.
that just blasted me out of my chair into low earth orbit
Next Monday afternoon in DC Live AllerTrain Class. #FoodAllergies, #GlutenFree Training, #FoodService #RAMW Register at link...
“: Please Note: If watching Sofia Vergara can't make you straight, watching Glee can't make you gay.”
Juice cleanse, day one, first few hours, everyone keeps talking about hot wings
5 mins left in Regulation still 0-0. Come on Bulls score a Goal!
...as chicken-hearts bemoan crisis -- historic victories have been made over poverty :)
Just discovered that and her gf in Dallas, watch the same movies, at the exact same time, while they Skype.
address me as your majesty Yeah you can kiss the ring, but you can never touch the crown
Since is now a permanent host, I say enough with the t-shirts, let's see a sweater vest.
word docs look pretty good on the Dropbox app. You can also share folders so that others can contribute/add/edit.
so what are you going to be for Halloween. We want to see pictures.
Happy and healthy new year wishes to all, near and far! God bless and much love!!!
Goosh how i miss you ! I hope that you will come to Estonia soon and we will spend all winter together <3
It's been an alright day for a Monday . Lets hope the week will get better ! :D
Lmfaoo Edwin at my job today >>>> lmao! Smh this kid :)
whats the status
possible, but given some ppl's intense feelings on gun freedom, etc, i dont see 12 ppl agreeing on this
Up early, ready to get some work done!
right! Ugly too. Reports are nicer, but you're handcuffed. I'm curious to see how they plan to fold NFC into the mix.
can't wait to win. I'd quit my job and become a professional Draw Something player.
Had a nightmare where you distracted me from my to-do list with dancing and arm-flapping. Priorities, you know?
of practice, gesture, image, visuality precedes writing and the written archive
Getting back on it today!!! I workout. Way to keep it going !!!
Out of all the hairstyles last night Scarlett Johansson's sculpted updo looked the most unique and impressive.
Port Charlotte Saturday for Richie and Jovany's fight :3
You can choose whatever faction you want but they changed abilities around on most classes you get arcane blast first and missile -
i bet 20 sum years ago your mustache had no idea of its potential. Happy Birthday!
KG single-handedly dismantling Hawks in post...have to go in paint for the next 5:27 to him or anyone else w/Hawks over limit.
Lekcje, lessons, Lekcje, lessons can not keep up ......
Choir Concert Tommarow(: Got To Go Shopping For A Bright Shirt!/:
I made a list of all the things everyone said on ALATT and put it under the line 'What Librarians Do' but ... no guns and fire!
What up world?
Don't forget about tomorrow night's #MSMP event at the Fred Miller Pub at MillerCoors. Email for more information!
I bet the guy who invented the calculator must have really hate the guy who invented math.
Charleston South Carolina too.
thanks for da follow:)
Happy B'day to 1 of UNCA's founders, Ms. Jane Addams - 150 yrs! We're all better off because of her. Let's make her proud w/the next 100 yrs
Do you say that between Philadelphia and Buenos Aires the Cost of Living is JUST 8% different? REALLY? It's over 50% easily!
Real men don't date the most beautiful girl in the world, they date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful.
"If you can't manage by wit, you're not cut out for this field." -Kendall Hardin
Being a bisexual is not a fashion, you don't just do it because you think its cool, its a lifestyle. Not a trend
Luckily analysis is not the only way to solve inner clashes.
tomorrow 1pm field trip to US Capitol..join us.!
Right, so if you don't pull the boxes I need, I can't do any work. Shouldn't be hard to figure out.
#NationalSpaghettiDay! Tell us your favorite spaghetti recipe you share with your kids!
Wait, what?
Needs to get closer to God. :-(
Haha I may not work out but am still pretty strong. Will try anything once though.
LOVE THIS thanks for sharing.
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!!
Approach the game with no preset agendas and you'll probably come away surprised at your overall efforts. ---Phil Jackson
ahahahaa spur of the moment party-ish! Too bad your in the other side of the country!
Someone needs to pick the Grammys up a bit!#losingyourviewers!!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me Philippians 4:13
from a freshman level text book: "Why did male critics often attack Stael?"
Watched How to Train Your Dragon last night. Great movie!!
will also be creating some fun apps to serve on our patio: any recommendations?
The Senate reauthorized the #ViolenceAgainstWomenAct! We are a proud contributor to this bill, and we hope the House passes it too.
Time is priceless you can't buy time but you can most def buy memories S/O to my bro Jamie rude boi
Just heard Adam from the #BeastieBoys died :'( I <3 the #BeastieBoys so very much
“: Did you know that #marijuana is the most studied plant on the earth?”
hope that Trans Am has T-tops #the80'swereawesome
didn't know pargo was still alive let alone playing on the
okay my bad i thought you were loosing your mind! lol but yeah you right NO team jays!
My DOG is sleeping she is SO CUTE!
I'll be back late tomorrow night 😉
Will watch Mike!!!
People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down
Happy birthday!!!
>> of course girl... Been singin "like you were made in a factory..." Lol
any article/link on that?
3-alarm fire burning at San Antonio hotel. Check out KENS for incredible video of roof collapse onto firefighters. No injuries reported.
RT Be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse I love you. -Lee Brice
happy birthday!! (:
Bored at the crib
the fact that hasn't hit 10,000 tweets yet
I can't this weekend. I have to work. :/ I'm off next week on Monday, Thur, Friday.
takes 1 night
I'm kinda bored
oh paulo nutini. how could i have forgotten about you? i'm sorry.
ik it had..and no I didn't go.
hahaha ha right ;-)
lol I'm actually here for work right now. Will have enough time to relax in Dominica. I'll be there for more than 2 months.
Senior prank day... Chickens...why ..
Way to go SAMY! So happy youre ok! =)
no way esá
OshKoshB'gosh is the worst name for a company ever
I actually like site's metrics (if gaming edited away; eg. nix self-reviews). Main target audience (not me) might say more tho.
forgot white and Christian
let's go ding dong ditch and go tape air horns and throw them in yeards
Hate it wen niggas come and rub they new bitch in my face! We can see that u got a whole lot of #FemaleProblems son!!!!!
Chipping away at the ol' rock.
tonight is brian's birthday!! Yay!!
Not being able to find your uniform
I have to re-iron my hair. #IHateHavingWavyHair lol :)
lol, no worries! :) In good company I guess. :) :)
to cop.for u?
Gonna use Final Four song today on and at our Game of the Century party at Sports and Social this Saturday. Good stuff
Thanks Don!
I love how people are outside sunbathing and I'm walking around in a hoodie and jeans..
Lightning strikess on our foreheads(: with eye linerr lol
who's winning?
Homemadee mac'n cheese yum:)
RIP Brittany Murphy I'll never forget her role in 8 Mile and Clueless...way too young. Her family's Christmas is ruined this year. :(
For the time being, I'm looking at Sony or Universal as distributors.
I had a fxck to give but now I have a headache.
Fuckin love thatt #Bruins let's go boys
BTW, I'm happy you're watching the Hulk TV show. The Lonely Man Theme is about to become your feels' theme song forever.
You chose your own fate.
Love Zusi....absolutely hate the hairdo.
definetly will share with my #fashionistas ;)
#10thingsthatannoyme ; last one. 10: Going to sleep with a clean face & waking up to a big red pimple .
Incredible to hear Susan Hellmann Desmond, Chancelor of UCSF talk abt the impact of low-cost sequencing, cancer therapies and innovation.
Super pumped for this retreat weekend!! No technology for the next two days
thanks love u more
Please Say hello to SAGINAW GRANT from the LA SKINS FEST!
DOUG IN THE HOUSE!
goodnight <3 throat is killing me :( love you <3
Cooking dinner for inventory at work tonight. It smells so amazing I cannot wait to actually eat it!!
Please follow me! I would be the happiest person ever. And can you follow 2? Be strong, be loud, be proud
You came up with those names fast. It's almost as if there is already a horrible movie called "Faceoff"
Two specials going on right now...
So that's a yes? -_-
Just saw Nathan Lane on my block while I was out walking my pup. Pretty cool.
So true lol
WELL I THINK PS3 IS O_o
has been a constant supporter of The Lashman.
NFL Football starts tonight... Come watch this and every game at The Anchor Bar
Hope everyone had a very Happy Thanksgiving! We're open regular hours today and tomorrow, and are offering double rebates, financing, etc!
lemme point to the door for u. oops that was my middle finger
Tom Arnold is how Fox goes out today? Really, Fox?
People born in the Year of the Dragon are full of vitality & enthusiasm, but also foolhardy & a "big mouth" at times. Agree?
Wait til I get my money right
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts. ~AlbertEinstein
How did you spend your weekend in South Florida?
Crying! I can't show my face in public ever again.
Saturday at the Inniss Compound! Nice to have a little sunshine and clear skies. Been raining all week. Lots of water to make trees smile
RT : enjoyed Class Day 1 - #uwmgec1 - the inspiring startup workshop class with
"Is it good to you?" RIP Heavy D
The new schedule is posted! It's mostly the same with a few classes moved around, and a few coming additions. Nanaste!
that's cuz it's true.. & please follow back(:
Hippodrome crowd is kind of drunk for
no! I like it! Didn't have time to review last night
oh those forgettable "winners"! lol Thank goodness the cream always rises to the top
Fire is blasting... its a good night.
My life has been so amazing lately. everythings been going right. #happytweet ❤😊
I hope the idiot that called in yesterday about teague calls in today!
i'm not good at looking at the road when i drive.
actually within a 30 year period - that's a generation and a half: 30 years of reality compared to what? Facts pulled out of dupa?
I like that
Ian watchin it
someone's going to think you're being serious about that
Team,Mindless everyday ndd evry second . Love y'all Mwahh !
We have a new server ready - vpn-mf18 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
love this. You already New Paltz girls are more than looks :)
Yeah, flew through it several times, unfortunately.
Mr. Quinn is officially here!!!
wahh the laziness because of this weather is becoming too much.
Austin Powers Goldmember on vhs
what are the thoughts on the #ipad #app ? Looks like a great and clean
Now I must study the insides of my eyelids (aka sleep) 8)
Jeanette Larson q: Challenges writing series fiction w culturally diverse characters Rene Saldana talks kid detective Mickey Rangel
tell a girl she's beautiful, not hot. she's a girl. not a cup of tea.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect , It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . .
The fastest way to a woman's heart: compliment her beer fridge.
I saw a RT of one of ur tweets about the female anatomy lmbo :)
i know but i have school :-(
just don't chew on any of CA red meat..kidding aside you are right.
Hm I'm bored. I'm in the dorm sober by myself -_-
Soccer in the States is becoming more & more popular though. But don't call it football or we'll all get confused.
#DontThinkJustBecause you drink #diet soda you can get super-size fries and extra Mayo on your sandwich
where the fck is the game at . the tobin ???
I keep hoping that people will strive to be better than they are...and I keep being disappointed. Guess I'm an eternal optimist after all.
Yup. Gemini is the SHIT! No Way Out was on today's Podcast.
Going to play some cod!
Who's going to win $40 of #free #drivnapparel gear today? Like our prior Facebook post & mention us on Twitter for a chance to win!!!!
New Spring menu is a hit! Tonight so far folks are loving the Chilled Asparagus w Pickled Local Mushrooms, Poached Egg and Fried Cornbread.
Mitt's BFF Robert Bork believes that the First Amendment shouldn't apply to literature, art or science.
....Does that really work?
Irresistible #quote & in many cases, good advice :) RT If I'm not back in five minutes, wait longer ~ Ace Ventura, Pet Detective
Paul in the UK just tweeted that he is out of Uncle Jim's...we need to fix this!
Haha, well, I will plan trip to UK asap so I can retake!
hey im comn to ur house
30 miles into SC , the home state, and prob 1 1/2 hrs to go til home. Been a good trip and a beautiful day to travel! Blessed!
At the University Press Content Collaborative #ProjectMuse board meeting in NY. Impressive platform for delivering digital books.
Daddy gave me a shot . Owe ,
they ugly
Getting showered in dirt>>>
Dumb question: How do they get the players' names on the team jersey so fast?
wht are u talking bout ?
aye bro follow me bakk
#FF I know it's corny, but she's my dog.
also consider making a "tea" out of the left over boiled water rather than microwave Its loaded with nutrients.
Chan Gailey and Buffalo Bills have a good chance at drafting Tim Tebow 42nd overall in 2010 draft -
Have a great time in Bloomington! I'm biased but I still think B-town is my favorite college town.
i am ready for the weekend!!!! :) snow mobiling up north!!
my momma said yes :) it's gonna go down
me I'm super fly super duper fly
tonight my fun begins with a great dinner at veranda supperclub and staying there to rock out there with brazilian house til 4am;)
Not even! RT : hahaha I'm looking at your tweets and there all dirty! Oh god x)
I'm becoming more appalled by the day that you don't follow
so it's at least acceptable?? Ha
Thanks Melissa! I love LA
Just interviewed vendors at ferry building San Fran for insight into chicago French market
Why is anyone ever surprised when an asshole spawns a shithead?
Teresa Guidice is actually dumber on #CelebrityApprentice than #RealHousewivesofNewJersey. Yes, it's possible.
i just had a tocko salad
seriously...damn you Chicago for getting all kinds of cool shit :)
s/o to u homie lookin out for pun!
kiss my butt. Thats your I had change n u didnt
tired... 14 hours in the recording studio today. Our ep is almost finished! =)
Love your show every week!
M Paul Rudd.
Fly?! I think it would charge at me first. :) Those things are scary!
hard to mature in that knucklehead environment. I don't think he's a total lost cause. We'll see more w/o schottenheimer around
Let me know when you're ready! RT : ha. Us from what u said about it it sounds awesome. I do wanna try it
Once you had the best, Boy you cant do better.
Would you like to know the real truth about the Las Vegas area market and what it's going to take to get your home sold? Call 702-245-7227
LIKE MY POST if you celebrate 420
Happy Birthday CJ!!
Great day
No Don't Stop Making Covers!! Us Mahomies Love Your Covers❤💙💜💗
All I wanted to do was spend the Saturday with my bestfriend. But since I don't have weed she doesn't want to.
New twitter username:
On set getting ready to film episode 3 of Well Played!
Interviews, interviews and more interviews :)
I'm loving Justin Biebers new song and really sort of excited to see the video .. Is that creepy? He is legal now right lol
..ha! for now. you didn't see minute 11....
<3 fix your toe
I'm going to eat one in solidarity and think absolutely frigid thoughts in your direction.
Its funny how its the little things in life that mean the most. Not where you live, what you drive, or the price tag on your clothes.
hey Adam, who you backing; owners, players, or fans?
Made beet hummus for pink party during lunch and now have pink hands. Pics of all the pink goodness TK.
no lockdowns here, either; the other files (doc, excel) work fine, it's just the calendar. but i'll try from home, too.
will you please....
Thanks so much, Sandy! I'll be sharing about #eltpics too, so I love what you wrote!
Business class is fun, i'm just roming a-twitter :D
my GIRLFRIEND even hates that movie... I made sure MLS Cup 2000 was next.
hate that i love you.
Hello Salve!
The goal is for you to SAVE. GIVE. FEEL GOOD. So really...it is ideal!
As someone that's been doing web work since 1995, the world of Wordpress themes is a gross abomination. I need a shower.
Now listening to #OldSchoolLunch with Good stuff!
People always mistaking my kindness to flirting :/
Maybe bc he should have built more, relevant experience before now.
Youre actually really annoying
Want to see who is actually here? who is talking? where to find out about them? checkout the an up to date conference program on the confe..
is one of 6 comics up Friday! Described as "Aspergers syndrome Mitch Hedberg on 1 too many drugs," should fit in fine!
I've found this to be very true.
drunk? I won't judge. :) Just kidding.
Life is like a pizza buffet, you can't take it with ya when you leave.
"What's with the fedora?" "I'm sorry! Is looking EXACTLY like Frank Sinatra not sexy anymore?!"
I miss surge soda.
12 pages on 61 seconds of "American Beauty"? OKAY.
yes sir!!! Good luck tonight....what are the names I need to be lookin for?
and you feel uncomfortable for the whole day and you just want to go home 😔
Thank you, so ima pick them up tomorrow? Or tonight?
I had a great dinner tonight with my girl Gina Paige - Pres/CEO of They are doing important work!
I made a lot of mistakes but I think we sent out a clear message and certainly raised the bar for Andy.
who us? Always. O:-)
lol and when am I gonna hear of these plans sir?
scrape the user’s twitter feed to find words with which to augment the dictionary
My teacher asked me why we always talk about sneakers. Lolol :3
Cork & Canvas was a TON of fun last night - we'll have the total early next week! If you got pictures, please share them!
NWS has issued a Tornado Warning for Mobile & Washington Counties until 01:45 PM
Weight loss tip: chew more to eat less!
#Vinylhoursradio on #tuesday nights 7pm-9pm *Stay tuned for Tix Holy Ghost *Friday 11-11-11 @ the Music Box in LA
M. Love my Middle Eastern leftovers for lunch!
You got it Seiler! Come on....give me a Go Bucks! You certainly don't want UK winning?
Not tweeted in a long while!.
thank you for help me rose parade. i meet many people, see many oregon thing.
Unfortunately, there are no beds in this Terminal.
trayvon martin gun range targets. this is the place we live in.
Sweet dreams are made of this 🎵
Ooh, ! Can't wait to read it.
Goodnight World! Rest well and be blessed!!! Love you all!!!!!!
This band (at Trader Vic's on Thursdays) totally rocks! Seriously.
good morning? Where u from? Lol. More like good night. XD
Good camera work. Continue to show Roenicke with this poll on his face.... people will get the point.
Washington, DC! We'll see you on Saturday @ Casa Fiesta for the benefit show. Admission is ONLY $5!
Show with Ocean Grove @ Backbooth was incredible. Great crowd. Thanks everyone for coming
What what going to pizza hut!!
Kei Kamara leads all MLS players with 13 shots so far in 2012. He led the team in shots last year with 91
EMA was great!!!
Ok the shining isnt even scary. But it is weird and boring
Worse than not being special is incorrectly believing that you are.
no, chopt is a Salad Bar, not a Gay Bar. At least in my 'hood (Wall Street).
#tonight martini/app combos! 2 marts/1 app = $22, or 4 marts/2 apps = $40. We'd love to have you over. Let us know what you think!
Everything's getting complicated !
sent you message via Facebook
Planning on a big day!!! Let'sGooooooo!
yeah man good times for sure
Hey #TomCoughlin Get your team to win!
#NowPlaying Pink Floyd: Dark Side of the Moon.
Well...that meeting went exceptionally...well:) Go me!
Rt you can delete tweets/messages all you want but theres a thing called screen cap mothafuckaaa.
tks for the follow! Enjoy this beautiful week!
"I told my son 'You made me a mommy'." - coworker, after I told her she didn't have to attend our upcoming meeting.
my urologist is a man,I didn't meet him today though. Just her. She was cute. Wife thought it was hysterical I was uncomfortable
Thanks for the RT.
Justin Bieber Has His Own Perfume: These Celebs Should Too!
Out of habit, following #kidsitting, but realizing tweets about the kid and the preteen will have to wait for next summer.
"We're all just walking each other home." ~ Ram Dass
Drilluminati going nuts
Well done, Madonna, well done :)
we are gonna be in our LATE 20s by then! ah some of us are prob gonna be married and knocked up too.
If your missing (Late In the Playoffs) right now... SHAME ON YOU! Get down to The Loft and make sure you don't miss anyone else!
If you could go back and tell your 16 year old self something, what would it be?
Just got done seeing a movie my sis and Ty and
hey brandon t! This is your youth pastor from way back. Remember when you pranked me and put a crash dummy in my car? Lol
About to go stop by one of our talented area interior designers Deanne from DSL Designs!
We <3 you!
Come support Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!
Thanks for the RT Amanda!
Cat is sitting as close to wood stove as is felinely possible without bursting into flames.
maybe another day i will go there and to australia
questing sounds like a great match for our new scavenger hunt app. Might make interesting combo! www.gptrex.com
good morn. Wow 171 emails..but u got it :- (welcome back)
RT RT : I wish high school basketball had a shot clock. It would make games more intense.
hahaha probably many morning after pills bought in myrtle beach because of you.
Hootsuite. I have to get out of my 'tweet for work' mode in into my 'personal tweet' groove. :)
Tomorrow is the last day to enter our Freebie Friday giveaway. Good Luck everyone!
I totally agree. As you said, the #Masters doesn't need the #PGATOUR. The Tour dropping the Masters would be symbolic only.
EEk! I bet you have little butterflies in your tummy.
is fat.
Who wana go to the park?
have ya ever thought about how safe your family is with all the toxins in your home?
was he preceded and trailed by an appropriate royal retinue and security forces? The spare must be protected, or so I understand
Looks like another Jack and Lemonade volleyball night! (Especially with that #Brewers score...that and its the last game of the season)
just did(;
So it came to my attention that if I really want freedom to create I need a space to do it in. Operation closet clean is complete.
thank youu :D
Good looking out on showing us love. much appreciated
...tell me that score after the game Mane...
is probably my favorite new mag out there right now. Much love!
fun lunch with at corner bakery :)
It's 1 am and it's last call? I forgot how early Orlando closes
leave UCLA alone. Swag killers.
What's helping me get through the last few hours of work this week? talking about her cat, Frank.
Thanks for the link! If your users have features they would like to see on our site we would love to hear them!
Happy mothers-day to all you wonderful mom's out there:-))
Of course you know what they say: "When plotting revenge, dig 2 graves." Think it's true.
Just because you graduate from high school don't mean nothing, you have to continue your education through college and gain more knowledge
Thanks! Can you please share it with your friends like Facebook it??:)
why? where are u?
Nice. I spent most of the last month that. My hiatus is over--I tweeted 50+ times and blogged. Nicely energized.
You keep thinking these signings are for the better of the franchise, dude.
Change is relative: First time making the request for C&P data was 8-10 months, second time was 7 months
Off to the library to get some work done
going to a party where the only frirend i have is going to be with boys all night.
I wish the bond movie Goldeneye would be remade using the storyline in the N64 game. Make it 3d and first person too. That wins my $10.50
Everyone loved that he was watching her. That made me giggle when writing it. I knew people would freak!
Being replaced? Worst feeling ever!
i love Rev Runs wisdom.
Thanks so much for the #FF, much appreciated!!
I need night owl friendz
How do you people wake up so early??
I'm sick n tired of these range rover hoes
i feel absolutely terrible. and i cant stay awake. who gets sick during warm weather...... this girl.
That's on my bucket list!
Thank you for making Mondays the best night of the week!
opening my first RothIRA seriously one of the easiest and most liberating opportunities a young person can take advantage of... almost done!
Test found thumbdrives on friends' computers, not your own. LOL.
You guys do really, really amazing things. I had an idea, but I had no idea.
where's the sun
lets get it thisweekend
My #newyearsresolution2012: Tweet more.
I'm done completely. Every single little thing in my life is BULLSHIT and obviously nothing is going to change that.
I love when that happens!
thx, Joe. I am totally confused.
No goodmorning text /: *sigh* & I got some bad news just now .. /: uh
Love you to jaden smith
I have THE BEST roommate ever! Gave me a fluffy mattress pad, gonna be the best sleep I've had in 19 years!
word of the week:
Comcast also offering free readable voicemail for #XfinityVoice customers. Read a voicemail transcription on any email account.
HAPPY 40TH BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVE ROBERT! HAPPY 4TH TO ALL! PLEASE DON'T DRINK N DRIVE!
Good in the mornings? Or afternoon?
A proposal to see JMC at Hollywood Park!
Weekend adventure has begun!
homework and study time
we're dropping off my nephew in Roanoke!
hoesssss these days
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street tonight at 6:30 pm for a free showing of Hell and Back Again!
Everyone is asking so I making it clear don't get your tattoo yet b/c i don't have the ok to giveaway 4 this as of yet
nah I was just a lil tipst I think someone stepped on my shoe lol
Bronson agrees with Strauch--wouldn't serve passenger 5-6 large glasses of wine in 3 hours. "Absolutely, I'm not denying..I drank too much."
I wish the style for 2012 was a flashback of the '50♥
There can never be a downside to anything that we do with love. Expectation ruins everything.
Team Ross For Sheriff election night festivities tonight at 9pm! Carnelian By The Bay, 1 Ferry Plaza.
Ah, Taco Bell, I love the fact that you're open late!!!
lol - we were joined at the hip for *years*. Kinda became a co-dependent relationship, so I had to cut 'em loose. ;-p
CHECK HIM OUT HE DOIN GREAT LABELS BE BULL SHITTING
I die when I hear that line (:
FUCK HIS MUSIC.
#FF it's Fu*kin' Friday! Follow everybody!
So accidentally hit my wrist with a softball, and now my vein is humongous and it hurts to move it !
love the new gear just in time too raw comeing too boston cant wait hope i get too meet u there john cena the champ is here!!!!!
I knnnnoooowwww you see it *singing*
thanks boss
#internet On the internet, it's ridiculously easy to form groups for a purpose. This is the reason why if anything, the web will save us.
Its a pirate's life for me....
thank you! It's an honor.
So we have the late early lrnchatters!
@ For A Follow Back !
I'm less motivated than any MLB closer will be to shag fly balls for the rest of the season
Does of you who say your on oovoo with ROC kk fine we don't wanna kno stop makin some of us who don't have him as an oovoo friend Jelly !
GSIFF presents Godard's FILM SOCIALISME this Thursday at the Tribeca Grand- handful of free tix available- rsvp:
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
Our Hero hates icing the kicker almost as much as he hates turnovers.
Ok Angie we all know your gorg, but the pose? Really?
getting nervous for Friday, hope twisted ankle from softball is better! Lol
Learning about cataloging 3-D objects and kits with RDA. Should be interesting!
Bought a Tivo last week at Clackamas, OR location and told 6 mths free of HULU+. Given flyer. HULU says offer expired. Not happy.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 9
Y U NO COME TO INDIANA? :(
have a great time!
C'mon! I know you know the party is in !
she didn't have any high powered celebs tweeting about her :/
For the record, I loved Josh Hutcherson since Bridge to Terabithia... way b4 all u peeps xD
Good morning! How's everyone?
aww ok well hit me bac when u near a computer
WE will be closed this Sunday April 15th. Thank you.
Manuel: we make noise to be part of a new system. something that is growing.
great idea. Food delivery ad food trucks seem ripe for some Eco-investment
Curation is a critical thinking skill. Joyce Valenza
Shirt Pants. Lol
Wallace mobility and Browns over Ravens today. Miami over Patriots!
Only 1 Full Set of Lashes available for Tomorrow!!! Book Today and Start Stunning Tomorrow!
vinny madison and nick
Thanks - did the same and never looked back after their site was flash-free and friendly. :-)
:) xo feel better!
#RandomThought, but if I won the lottery I'd buy one of every item from Sky Mall.
my accent is still quite strong despite living in the states for over five years. It either intrigues or annoys Americans!
Three cheers for on the opening of "Locomotion" --the play-- in Portland today, Congrats from big fans of Lonnie at KLU.
Hey Jonathan, Steelers fan from Boston -- You're a good man. Means a lot. Never been the prey. C u soon g money.
After last nights jam, I've been asked to perform again TONIGHT at Herb's bar located at 2057 larimer st Denver 9:30PM! I'm steady rolling
Only 124 days until Christmas!
godamnit next Saturday the 21st I'm at my moms btw...
Wonder if someone is gonna ask the GOP candidates about the Billy Crystal/George Clooney kiss? Is that as political as Oscars will get?
So much for impractical jokes played on markets by the European dumbocracy. No solution? As with PT Barnum, further amazement is guaranteed.
Survived the first two hours of my Python workshop — time for Girl Scout cookies!
#ImAlexsGirl I am always goona be his girl ♥
Great day of drinks, food & company!! Lousy day of basketball! Lakers & Bulls lost...grrrr. Aspirin, water, a fluffy pillow...g'night!
baby it's ok
#Denver#MightyMileHigh#Colorado Need studio time on da super DoLo?? Holler at me!!
" A native African of the country of Zimbabwe cleans your ice. Good for them"
i care :) forever!
This girl in here trippin
“: U win Best Nephew Award!”. Feel the
for sure! no need to ask
Dare me to poop right in this guy's toilet? (ps: I'm at home).
lemme sing offa track ! Haha. Real talk. Im official wit da vocals
my sentiments exactly: RT : Thanks we are very excited!
Getting ready for tonight.. it's going to b
Bonny No Clyde!
Heading to Everest base camp in April and writing a book of a 30 country adventure. May have some random blogs of interest. Eric
Does anyone have Sony VAIO S series? I'm thinking about picking one up for general #programming & media consumption.
Ok, Twitter friends. Time for me to get back to Google Apps training. Make it a great day!
Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind
eggnog lattes are going to be my fatal flaw.
can you follow me plz
Got some sun today!! :D Look out Im gonna catch up to you!!
NH INSIDER- Your Source for NH Politics - Press Releases - Cooler ...
West is turning into a cantankerous old man that won't be taken seriously.
it's the new and improved hakunah MATATA
Night life equals Kush life
Kevin Chynoweth, CPO, Fairchild Semi: It's the insight u get n how fast u gain it + the direction u set n how well u deploy it
People in the U.S. could learn *a lot* from New Zealanders' "chill factor." Myself included.
i saw DJ talking about it somewhere i think here or on facebook. dude i really dont care lol i think its funny
Thanks to you guys too! Keep em coming please
Did Tara Booby Set up Stone Cold Willow up For Failure
haha sounds god
Back in SF after weekend of contentious bonding. Taking a minute to collect and carry on. Grateful for MY life.
: just to me :( ... well, gives me a reason to go walk around the block!
killed the verse in "This Is How Im Rockin" tho.
I just tag myself in my own tweet , AWKWARD
Please do not tweet us songs email only.
thanks so much!
Traffic jam in Harlem.
"don't get caught watchin' the paint dry"
hey I got some clothes for your manzzss to give away
Not all of us chosed the path we are on right now it might not be the best but we shape it into our destiny in a way.
the parade/walk starts at 4:00pm sharp. you should definitely get there before that tho
It's Wednesday!! Another hot day, but i guess not too bad... there was a slight breeze!! Working hard, effective & smart at the same time!!
Back from playing Euchre with friends in the neighborhood
>> How about a contest for Military only ... me removed of course
My first year at school . Was so boring.
Come on Michigan
She on my mind
well, i heard he already took your fossil.
Shaved my sideburns. I have tanlines.
A wise woman recently said guilt and fear are artificial emotions placed in us by those with greater power than us.
Today is the day I'm going to clean out my closet. Who knows what I will find in there.
oiiins, so cute!
My cats still don't understand the concept of daylight savings in regards to feeding time. Being a night person, I don't get it either.
Email New Berlin Board President at about their handbook. He actually replied to my message.
will or could send me a birthday card for my birthday on November 23rd?
#WhyDoPeopleThink most of the time it isn't necessary simple shit doesn't have to become complex take a chill pill.
RT Attending #Spitfire Strategies Executive Training Program. Thank you, #Packard !
In LA, people often shout "Thank you, driver. Have a nice day!" When getting off the bus.
Let's trend #ryankennedy for a sweet boy with cancer. It's his last wish.. @ britneyspears
I guess I am young for love but what other way to describe my feelings for him.
Let the Diamond Shine for you!
especially against a suspect run defense
Crow mowed them down last inning!
Holy tiredness. Excited to be in New York today, though.
Great site search is crucial. Thank you both for reading!
JUNE 7TH THE DAY AFTER SCHOOLS OVER FOR MEH. (;
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 18
&#39;s Stephen frykolm is here ! What a pleasure.
UMVIM GBGM & UMCOR looking for nurses w/Haiti mission exp. to go to Haiti for earthquake relief. Contact Nancy Eubanks .
lol we've been renting cottages there for Memorial Day weekend for 30 years....
just sat down in a chair... i hate what karls watching
You can't really get a run going if you don't play defense...
been in bed all day to sleep off my illness..hopefully tomorrow I feel well enough to go to the lake
2 months after the #Librotraficante Caravan was just a post in twitter verse...
It doesn't appear to be Saturday.
ok! Text me when you get there :)
Nice getting together and meeting everyone at the #tweetupmichiana last night
Hm its shower time. *starts to crawl outta bed*
I like new twitter more than the old one.
yeah, but that's why they have special early family showings. The movie won't be done until well past 12 :/ I see disaster
S/o to my teammate Carlos Delfino he has been killing in the FIBA Tourney ! I haven't missed one of his games.
Wonderful selection. Last image is a killer.
“As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around.
Tonight! I'll be doing a feature set at The We Mighty Jam Session doing a few joints from the upcoming mixtape!
Now is not the time for bluster. Speak softly. Carry a big stick. -POTUS
it was awesome. In wiped though lol
Just saw My Week with Marilyn. A lovely film.
turns out i have jury duty in a few days... in minneapolis. pretty excited for a 6-hour drive each way to go to court
for certain needs lmao 😁
#FollowSouljaBoy Follow me back!
Breaking, #braun not in lineup, some will say if he misses 49 more justice would be served...
Get on AIM or something, man. I need to work with you.
A strong cup of Joe should do the trick.
This tweetchat is visibility for all of us.
Newt Gingrich Canditate for president "I articulate the values of American people"" we are free we can produce leadership" in south carolina
Still deciding on accommodation. I'd love to camp, but the nearest KOA is miles away. I'm thinking Galt House. Recommendations?
I trust you, but I don't trust all these scum bags trying to mess up a good thing.
lol- it's out of control
Is the prize something made by 3M for reaching 3M followers? I'm thinking a Post-it bouquet or a decorative invis. tape wreath.
And I can't read the article, it seems to require a login.
Yep, even #teamlesbian isn't ready for that one yet!
24 seconds to go, OKC up 1, Dallas ball.
Unfortunately that's been postponed until next week because of the passing of Andy Rooney.
Don't have an idea what poetry is./That is why I can't stop writing it.
is bold, underlined, and difficult to abbreviate.
I have noone to talk too...
I LOVE coffee tree! I'm warming it now myself.
From all the seasons of 'Weeds', who's the character you've admired the most? Why?
Why does "assessment" make people cringe? It's the 3rd part of the #learning and #teaching triumvirate! No really - why the bad rep?
I love the day after my mom goes to the store
Why must you hurt me feet so Cole Hann
It felt pretty crowded yesterday. Very lucky to have Grand Marshall passes from a friend, made life beautiful!
Life: love screws it up...best friends patch it up ....but ur crush makes u love it
Set your DVR's to the CW's tonight to hear 's "Ribbon of Red"!
good morning Fabio! Have a fabulous Saturday :-)
"A man who has lost his hair and is bald is clean." Lev 13:40
You are proof that people don’t have to be perfect to be exactly what we need.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. - Ferris Bueller's Day Off
So we have an exam Monday and two essay the same day that are on D2L due before 12AM ...
PR for The Firm. Love it!
Lmao RT : Mike Brown still drawing up plays like as if they down by 3
Fact: the official, full name of Bangkok won't fit in a tweet.
... and those who do have issues maybe should consider subscribing. Heh. /cc
Be at highland springs at 8 in the am game at 3. Bout to go to sleep d-___-b
$5 DVDs are a weakness of mine.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens. – Carl Jung
I hope he finds something good. My dad just started reading mysteries, and so far he only likes the ones I haven't read yet.
UWSP AD, coach Pat Bloom and WIAC Commish Gary Karner have been talking about it for about 15 minutes post game.
Farrell's Bar in Brooklyn had urinals so large they looked like shower stalls for Toulouse-Lautrec. - Joe Flaherty
LitFuse - I am working on some sweet designs! I am pretty excited about the direction.
yeah they are literally attacking me
Thanks for spreading our Ruggie and Slaughter resources! Hope you're soaking it up in Costa Rica. Jealous! In a joyful way :)
Thanks, we might just reach out to him. You're awesome.
upset ur gone this weekend.. first time ive been able to go out in a while.
If you still watch disney channel then your deff to young for me ✌
I am! Yot is on, but I may have all yall write 8-12 bars on it for the Ultra Remix!!
Erica is real
nope not a new phone...Bigger than that!
It'd be so fucking cool to work with , that dude is a fucking legend!
Glad to hear the #Rams got
After hearing the traffic report this morning, I'm glad i take public trans to work.
#nw blade runner on encore hd
Subway breakfast sammich wasnt that bad...wasnt that good either....
Thanks for following!
It seems slightly overkill for Wikipedia to shut down today just to protest Kate Middleton's sisters.
There are different kinds of pillows, but which among those is the best to use? Learn more about ergonomic pillows.
I'm feeling bad for anybody who gets their rights via the indulgence of the majority. Also, hard not to take it personally.
hm Idk possibly
That was a Lambeau Leap.
""this is not a day off you need to get off the computer and treat this like regular school""
Hoe I will fuck up ur life for fun
haha alright I didn't pay for it but still I feel ripped off. And yea it was a high profile match nadal v gonzalez
they're the modules that include all of the NSA's monitoring code right?
The #Yamaha V-Star 650 is NOT a "Chick Bike" & you can't "outgrow" a 600cc sportbike. On the latter, drag knee and then talk to me.
I have a somewhat convoluted position on that.
Yesterday was the day I reaffirmed my incidental birth within U.S. borders and recognized my ambivalence toward American freedom
Awesome...keep up the great work!
Just saw #21JumpStreet- that movie was hilarious! Then again I love anything with in it!!
Please don't be in love with someone else. Please don't have somebody waiting on you!<3
I Got The World On a String...
The confined space was filled with shrieks and yells and curses
Lily's doorman in Gossip Girl looks like Avicii.
It's 5:00 somewhere. . .oh wait, it's 5:00 here!
since KRod accepted arb. Are all other possible 'big' FA signings are done for the offseason? (ie no A.Rameriez)
Happy the #Bruins won tonight, but Julien has no sense of history. I wouldn't have started Thomas on the 10th anniversary of the Tuuk Rule!
Case in court: Partner "A" donated her eggs to Partner "B," who carried the fertilized eggs to term. 1/3
In light of North Carolinas decision against civil unions movie recommendation is "The Kids Are Alright"
no problem I'm good did u fb?
sping cleaning on friday. stoked!?. sorta.
happy birthday!!
Bumpin and he ain't even tweeting back!
Looking forward to spinning Thursday 8-12 a lil sexy cool off times sqaure - it exists!!!
I'm at NASA Exploration Telerobotics Symposium May 2-3. Just participated on panel discussing history of exploration & telepresence.
RICK SANTORUM did man-up and swallowed some of the beads off his crucifix when he APOLOGIZE for calling the PRESIDENT a SNOB. NLD Mom
Thanks Andy! I'm going to see him today. I'll send out another update later.
The Big Chill still thinks its the World Series! Freese gives #STLCardinals 2-0 lead in 1st
Yay!! Me too for first time ;-)
Anybody up for us giving away FREE FLOWERS for a YEAR?
Thanks Amy! It was great to have you in the office yesterday!
If the "tape" your playing has not gotten you the results you want, change the "tape" and use the magic of imagination and expectation!
God always makes a way no matter how hard things may seem keep the faith follow me ;)
RT“: A companion would be nice. One who's an awesome listener would be heavenly.”
omg really!? congrats! (:
"Partial" smoking ban is partial to the tobacco, gaming and liquor industries.
Cool Springs Galleria ! (:
I fucking hate rude people.
my nigg tried to send you them joints...yo email is full g
Bumpin that N.E.R.D.
okay then no worries thanks for telling me i was lost i thought it meant Oh God...
It's no fun having a cold. Hope you feel better soon.
Follow my awesome music blogger friend All the good music I know, I know because of him. Well, almost all.
Eek! How on earth did I manage to incur $14 worth of fines at the NYPL?
Does anyone have a stories from this year's Screen on the Green? How'd that date go? Did you meet someone? Get engaged?
Yessica told me the best story ever! :D I don't even. . . Whatever.
'Allo, dear! I was thinking of you yesterday!
The most important thing to consider when assessing the merits of a racking upright, is upright capacity.
Undergraduate students, have you registered for your Term 3 course? Head over to the student portal and sign up now!
And pink starbursts.
Loving for project management.
Who wants to text ? Or DM ? I'm in class & i'm SO bored!
my condolences on the ranger game ! #thanks4notgoingtweetcrazytho haha
Honestly, I'm over it. I could see us being decent.
Baltimore taxi drivers appreciation day. Downtown Visitor Center 11:30-1:30. Taxi drivers work 365 / 24 / 7 for over 100 years. Thank you.
Ah, but you can do a sh run all, to remind you of the glorius catOS days.
Until 10pm max.
Gotta turn the world into your dance floor
": Reports of a Black SUV on the runway is causing the Airport Police to shut down the airport." Any more news on this ?
#Madison...another day, another opportunity to get better!
why do so many newer laptops have the speakers on the bottom? it only sounds half decent when on a flat surface.. hell - lap not flat..
omg you were such a pleasure to have! I'm sorry we didn't hang out as much, I MISS YOU TOO!!!
Much agreement! I plan on taking many more trips there while it's still around . . .
Classic, indeed! Superb~~
Cassius just asked me to wrap his hair in a towel after getting out of the shower. Kid needs a fucking haircut, STAT.
wtf I'm black.
I'm keeping this account until I can get all my followers back in order *really fuming* right now
yo dude its future boys drummer!!! haha its timmy.. follow us dude
Looks fantastic! Are you there for the Open House?
ill try hahahah
The arts district is stronger than ever with the opening of Patina Decor & The Corner Store on Main Street-Antique Alley. First Friday TNITE
Should have brought my nailpolish 
I made hella lot of new friends this week.Ppl say im funny 0:
Vintage, vintage music & just overall cool t-shirts to be found at Blobtees when we go live next month. Wear our tees or we'll print yours!!
Fun! RT : Busy Weekend! Art Walk on Santa Fe tonight, Justice League kickoff bash sat night, City Park Jazz, Sun.
like a bitch
please stop talking to these hideous broads on twitter lol
O.K. I'm delirious, rambling on, need to get back to work designing, Ciao bella!
I swear I care about everything but these .....
yes. c: it was great
any chance we'll see your answers for 's 5 on 5 this Thursday for the Pistons?
Good morning Monday! Got lots to do! Gotta do some cleaning then go to work... I hope I can find a moment to work on my art pieces!
here in the mid-west we ro sham bo for it LOL
ha. you should go follow ma friend
GOP, Before running for pres. there should be a requirement to be able to pass a basic 5th grade US history test. How embarrassing and sad.
you should chat with - might give you some insiders tips..
lol wow, that's cool, i remember those days, life was so much easier.
... and now to think of good things ... the weekend is almost here.
Andy Pettitte was slightly above average when he was in his prime and cheating. Not understanding the appeal.
Wait, the 16GB is $100 less than the razr.
So UNM has lost 1/2 of it's scholarship football players in the last 3 recruiting classes? I'd say that's cause for concern.
I won't be leavin' till I've finished stealing every piece of your heart ^.^
“: Hey thanks for following me, I followed back :) I'm Grace :3” Hi grace! I'm Brandt:) thanks for following
yes sir!
Thanks for presenting, Dan! By all accounts, your talk was a hit.
u have a dog?
RT : Come get those growlers filled today and chat with some folks about our #SunKing nights at IRT!
Greek yogurt > Regular yogurt.
Numbers "6" and "7" are up this week in Numbers and Letters! Make math happen with #productionvault!
I really miss singing in a choir sometimes.
We’re going to go ahead and slip into a pizza coma shortly. Feel free to join us if you like.
True. We have access and ability yet people just propagate pithy statements that are not their own.
Goodmorning! Have a good day! Then when it over tell me how it went?! Okay? I have to go to school.
Conrad needs to get the F off this team.
#Oomf looking cute today :)
At the turf rockin those wayne rooney boot
Enjoy life misery don't need company it just wants some
I agree with you...
Trying to shake sickness
RT ": Be clear, the biggest crooks in America wear "Suits" not "Hoodies." *Google Bernie Madoff.*"
At the laundry mat watching cable.
Can the #GOP primaries/caucuses get any more strange? Looks as if Santorum had a sweep today. 3 states. Wow.
My Fox affiliate is airing a Hell's Kitchen rerun? OH HELL YES.
Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it. - Stan Smith, Tennis Player
“: Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy, it gets you pussy .”
Thanks for tuning in! #SMWcities "Building Cities Through Social Media" is wrapped up. Let's keep the conversation going!
yes! A Raisin in the Sun will be incorporated with the two shows. Will update more closer to the productions!
you're welcome! We need to go shoe shopping
Amen to that Lee. It's the only way to go for safe and long term productive development
ah screw that
Capoeira n gymnastics class was awesome! Every Saturday at rhythma studios. Capoeira @ 1:15 and gymnastics @ 2:15
Tues, April 3, 6 pm, Kinnic Theater, UC, "Free Speech on College Campuses: Its Status and Where to Draw the Line."
you must be able to read minds....
Go Giants!!!
Sometimes I wonder what happened to Miranda Cosgorove's freckles 0_o
ha ha, u can ignore that last comment, casualties of having two tweeters for the same account!
Do you have any new projects in the works?
I love you.
Happy monday time to hit the gym hard. 12 weeks out from my next show.
Police over-reactions hurt the public and cost tax payers millions in damages alone. Grace be with us all.
Every Bert at Disneyland is cute. The only reason I watch parades!
Good luck on your search! :)
WANT A CUPCAKE?!
Ugh. Caltrain is packed this morning.
Hey, we're dying to hear from you!
we love us some joy bauer!
good luck today!
is a true #levilowrey fan...maxing out his tweets just to help get #levilowrey trending. =)
Back to work after such a great weekend is a challenge. I am trying to carry that spirit with me here. . . beautiful blue skies :-)
Need some #boozyinspiration... Check out mag online. Love it!
“: RT : If you're going to work only because you need the money then you're doing the wrong type of work.”
dont worry you'll find your 2nd half soon but maybe he's the one who is tweetinq you right now..
In Caracas, so far this year 29 policemen have been shot, last year 19K people got shot. I feel I live in Disneyworld in NYC.
close the door when u leave my room! ugh
Just woke up late gotta hit the office.
I loved, loved, loved seeing and others! Now listening to Jacqueline of Hunger Games.
John Moores does not have capital to keep the team after divorce. He will sell Padres and soon.
yooo we txtin it up right now
“: What a fucking wonderful trip we had today:/ ” wasnt it awesome😔❤
“: “What we call the end is also the beginning. The end is where we start from.” T.S. Eliot”
A part of my lawn is sunken and barren. New Orleans, know a good landscape artist I might call?
rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble....
Lol. That sucks though! I hate when I have sleepless nights, I couldn't imagine all the time or at least real often
A little frustrating that hasn't updated their drivers for OS X 10.7 yet. Can't get my 900 to update
Same thing for me… I had been meaning to get rid of my old pc, but glad I didn't so that I could update the remote.
Thanks for the favorites!!
"I'll destroy you and feel nothing"
hahahah she loves us
WATS GOOD BRO
Have the Annapolis police been notified that you are entering their jurisdiction?
Thanks for RT!
It works well for some people. I hope you're one of them.
Hey readers. Thinking of topics for the next months blog. Any areas you'd like to hear more about?
gHOST project = stacey taheny, w dalmatian, jason page, sue kaplan, and me.
Paying about 1/2 that for my 25th. $20 registration, 25/night housing, 45 class dinner, + assorted meals.
Love the songs - I need to play you guys on one of my shows!
#RESPECT RT : keep fighting..
Hope last night was not the last we saw is a uniform, but he deserves a chance for a ring somewhere! Much Love Steve
you keep that up & they'll name-drop you guys in a song.
I just want to play drunk kickball and eat mad Nan's cooking!
I'm due for a trip soon knows RT ": come to cali. I miss u"
yea maybe put cody on it lol
I dont know what 2 special celebs coming tomorrow ! Just come to see for yourself !
lol thats not annoying or anything .
empty bottle tonight!
Opening today at noon until 6p. FREE Wi-fi. Come chill and get work done.
your link isn't right
Around 20 lbs of cherries, which will be 5 lbs of green coffee or about 4 lbs of roasted coffee.
Perhaps you think a tagline-less Internet is acceptable in today's marketplace of ideas. No. We must place a modifier on it like a crown.
the pinterest survey is still live! are you a user? please take it!
Cory wasnt lying when he said the eps were really really good. BLESS
hey katie:)
me too!
Don't forget that special Valentine in your life. Stop by for a spa gift certificate
It's been a long day. Ugh and it's still not over!
And there's your winner, 45 seconds later! WTG, Mikko!
awww that sucks! My last job was like that. Thankfully 8 years ago I left that place. No looking back ;)
Thanks to everyone who came out to today, lots of great ideas and exciting things happening!
Best earbuds for iPhone? Let me know.
that's criminal
I'm lying down.
": Just thinking about how dope it would be if Willy Wonka's chocolate factory was real." American obesity X 1000 lol
I love the show renovation brothers on hgtv.
Ignorance may be bliss for you but its a pain in the ass for the informed person with opposing views based on facts not just your personal…
Sorry to hear that keep her engaged and maybe try and get her some help
No kidding, welcome to my #life! RT I wonder... how many hours of my life has been spent #rendering?
89 million condoms to be given out at Brazil's Carnival. www.tncnews.com
Here we go with the BS calls #GoSpursGo!!!
The San Diego County NAMI Walk is on April 17th 2010 in Balboa Park, we are only 70 days away www.namiwalksandiego.org
#OpeningDay first stop! for breakfast!
...lol "tone of life"
Hello! I have had 3 job interviews this week, and am anxiously awaiting to find out which one, if any will give me a job offer.
Just finished an amazing interview with
Going on youtube this week. No worries.
but why? why won't there be a season where they qo to the olympics?! )':
Zomboes eat brains. So.. Youre okay! :)
I'm definitely thinking abt it! Never been!!
I have the best boyfriend in the world! :-)
You're trippin! I think it's awesome :]
Facts.RT I know we all realize this already, but just to restate it, GOTYE = AWESOME. If you don't know it google it immediately.
that the west coast is the best coast.
I don't want to give up on my Pirates, but what are they doing? How can winning not be important in the city of the Steelers and Penguins?!?
can't wait to hear about your night! ;) btw I just tried the dessert gum you told me about and it's kind of weird haha
Thank goodness for my boys :')
The Mariners are awesome again! Great game last night, but I think I ate a bad hot dog, stomach hurting.
Tonight is ladies night! Showtime in 2 hours and ladies get in FREE at both clubs! Call 317-255-4211 for tix!
your welcome, have a fantastic weekend.
We watch it every week, but I have to open a browser on my xbmc box. Too much work.
Lol... Y does katy perry look super hott on the simpsons right now
A friend let me know earlier, that you can kill a women by performing oral sex on her just after she has given birth.
What a weekend. Busy busy and haven't been online much. Did get to enjoy some warm(er) NYC weather yesterday, which was nice.
Yes. I will send the link to your page y gracias por escuchar!!!
When I meet a celebrity I like to bring a ceiling fan with me so I can be all "Nice to meet you. Big fan".
thanks for the rt
been waiting for this album for about a year now!! You're my favorite guitar player man! Keep bringing rock back to its roots!
He looks like he would! :)
I hope you feel better soon (:
I could ashame my most tolerable of friends.
Well yeah, but I'm more interested in the Pens losing home ice.
My latest obsession-resrch via antique ckbooks. They give great insight into another generation, which maybe isn't so different from ours.
I'm about to make an adult mixtape
looking for #vintage #pucci in #losangeles ... shall we ?
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
Can't wait to see videos of Miley perform at Peru
lol he is not new lol
O just tweeted:)
uh yeah like once every 4million years hahaha
super excited about our Girls preview!
GovWalker is doomed w/RECALL. NO other explanation 4rush 2 pass radical legislation thru now. Most will/be negated w/DemGov
good morning
Yes, #KrystynaJanda, like #BarbaraSukowa and, let's not forget, #HannaSchygulla -
You're seeing "girls" reading #AnnaKarenina because the latest translation is excellent. Men should read it too--but no boys!
benefit for a Japan brewery, Kiuchi Family Fund.
Why can't the refs get a retractable 55 inch tv for replays. That tiny tv isn't cutting it.
I am glad Selena is outta the hospital:)
dope tattoo baby girl
And Jane take a strong frontrunner position for "person most likely to throw themselves off a balcony this season."
"goats are escape artists" -
never been a Marsha Ambrosius fan
Haha! Still Palm Springs #gorgeous RT : Excited to see what desktop background of the week is. : )
Will watch The Hangover in a while. Movie marathon while doing my homeworks.
I'm still blind in my right eye. Time for a second opinion.
#acrlny11 marketing is crucial for today's librarian' skills
Jazz violinist Duane Padilla playing at Cafe Che Pasta in Honolulu in 39 minutes
so I never wanted to use it since I have sensitive eyes
I really dont like this project we have to do in photography
haha, alright! I'll check it out:)
Money quote from Mark Twain: "When in doubt, do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest."
This bus doesn't have Wifi!
he is! I wisb i gotto go to one of his standups, he died right after I cameto the US! :-(
awesome. Just do it (not to get too Nike cliche)
Have A Great Week Everyone!
Adel is so annoying!
Looking 4 a job outside of the E TN area...any suggestions???
*~ cnt wait till High School...:{ ima miss mi friends*tears* especially ~*
lol. never heard of them but I'm def going to listen now… LOVE the cover
Wait 2 Months And Get The iPhone 5 ^...^
it will be mailed out tomorrow.
I have a test tomorrow. Yeah.
"Doctor! Doctor! I think I'm addicted to Twitter." "Sorry, I don't follow you."
Finally some baseball my, heart is complete:)
I love it when tweets his fans! it makes them so happy(: #kingofclass <3
I need to catch up with my best friend.
Thanks! I enjoyed leading the session. Terrific teachers!
what time should I stop bye for Dinner. What kinda wine.
Picked up your daily supply of Guac?
Oh man, that was a loaded preview! Good luck and can't wait to read it.
Miss my camp friends :(
I am at Electric Fetus. Should I tell them?
I jus sit down and flip the tv on and "Cyborg" is on. Classic Jeanne-Claude. Taking the time to enjoy this.
Flacco is an option if he would ever work out that long term deal. Getting ur own name can be seen as tacky but it is 100% safe
What is everyone up to? Someone talk to me 💋💋💋
Seeing wet snowflakes on the cam in Lake Oswego right now.
I remember when concert tickets were $25. $327 for two seats to see Van Halen? What is going on these days? That is NUTS!
I have not. You made that up all by yourself hun.
; my nerves bad lemme skip my ass down these stairs so i can go get this damn sweet outta my car.
happy 16th birthday Lindsey. Glad you had a good day. :)
Looking forward to a lovely dinner with my boss and our friend Meg.
My sleep pattern has become whack. I go to sleep, wake up around 4am w/insomnia. When I finally fall back asleep, it's time to wake up=pain
Got my Stingy shirt yesterday, LOVE it!! Where do we send our pics??
#BecauseOfYou iconic boyz I got twitter
damn u are very Unique that's gonna be my bday pic
