Spent the day with my Martorana posse. Those apples didn't stand a chance against our skilled pickin'!
oops fail
What I recently started doing: submit a patch to a module ridding it of unneeded CSS.
Yes! But he really hit his stride during the Clinton administration. Ask him to do it for you sometime.
We got a discount from Bloomspot but you should join us! RT speed dating? I want in!
Ashes to ashes Dust to dust If it wasn't for my Ford my tools would rust.
Ugh.Gotta capitalize on power plays.#ILoveHockey RT Still 0-0 lack of success on power plays killing us
GOT IT!
Fairness and Equality was one of them..only second to Shakespeare and Religion...:)
Ok. Bt I might freak out and not do it but still! Ugh! Dx
I was in a good ass mood yoo
Just signed up yesterday, and I'm in love with it (just in time for Valentine's Day)!
hate this hate my life i hate my bullies bye
I lovvveee you.
You knw wat its ok to say they can't stop me, why not ,I have a point to prove. Understand the nature of the game
We are closed today. My youngest has pneumonia...open tomorrow 10-6 sorry for any inconvenience-have a sweet day
White parents make their kids eat cherries. Black folk make their kids eat jelly beans.
yea I moved out to Mexico like two weeks ago. Pokerstars has not been welcoming.
9 hours from now will be interesting.
Then ATL. Head to and do fun touristy things like the Aquarium (gives the Shedd a run) and World of Coca Cola!
sense of humors so dry it's like sandpaper lol too much I like an easy 7 level thought process "thinkers way" not that it's that serious 😞
good luck - id def do the same of I was in VT.
Never watched the #nfldraft before, but this shiz is fun!
I'm, like, totes grumpy.
Happy St. Pattys Day! I suggest green vinyl today.
how long did it take, one min?
Do all dogs have a relentless hypnotic stare where they telepathically tell what they want?
nicely thought out:)
Eating breakfast at 2? I love summer
Jeff city
DEFINITION OF "EX": Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
Hiring! Aerospace design engineers in Puerto Rico. Gas turbine jet engine experience (design, structures, CAD, CFD, FMEA, propulsion).
in case any one wants to tweet them as well as I did already. We'll see if anything is done from either.
V Jax, Rice, Nelson, Decker. Need 2 PPR. Thanks.
after a million years of FIFO solving actual, consequential, problems -- we rLeft2 run on emotional vapors
Check out updates to GolfWashington app. What do you think?
A lot of our students will be writing cards for #holidaymail this afternoon! We're excited to mail it off.
you still haven't showered?!
i invented that!
Thanks... Never been there.. Maybe I'll check it out.
real world problem solving that requires help from other to accomplish.
Doug Melvin was just interviewed by on 620. Said "not gonna happen"
Got to record some this morning:)
Phew, glad it all worked out! Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for the retweet. Sorry you went to atm
If someone breaks your heart break their face and go eat some ice cream.
Inspired by Curation Nation, I'm cleaning up my Twitter lists. More niches, only brands/people I really like.
Top Latin Music And Salsa In Denver
Cliff Lee, jewelry, apartment accessories and an amazing dinner - Santa is obviously obsessed with me.
My new #art #series is going to Have a lot of #royalty it's going to be #dragtastic stay tuned Folks Good friday out now
need suggestions for easy-to-use drupal module for managing event/workshop registration, comm, hopefully w/ calendar
happy born day to my lil nigga
#fishfry, fish tacos and rushing waters trout on special tonight!
It's really early.
The world look so brandnew to me now that I found love.
can i favorite that like a billion times please?! ❤❤❤
NY re-inventing itself this week #techstars and API conference tomorrow.
go to bed man lol!
spoke too soon
": We dont sleep round HERE we take cat naps ."
thanks for finding me! reading your job hunting articles as we speak!
Sexy Celebrity Legs: Guess Who! (PHOTOS) Check out those gorgeous gams! Think you know which celebrity boarded a private jet Thursday to
Diablo Cody describing Juno as "outsider art" on WTF is about as irritating as every other description of firmly inside "outsider art."
YEAH!! that's my girl right thur
Relax....it's Monday!! Beat the heat and avoid a case of the Mondays poolside today at in the !!
sound great. Julian "i have no idea what I'm saying!" "let's do this shyte!" ha.
on the contrary "Me not addicted, Me scared" was hilarious/memorable....
Nice win today Old timer!
When your friends be around you ignore me but they ain't there and u send me a text every minute!
You're connected to everything. It feels like i'm suffocating.
cowboy man and you know this
ok I just have to say this: I love your hair, its so amazing!!! kbye(:
#IfIRuledTheWorld people who are not millionaires would not be allowed to vote.
Recording Are You Gonna' Be My Girl tomorrow with the new band member and new band name! "The Plot!" :) We are gonna' rock pretty dang hard.
Will u plz follow me i love u with all my heart :)
I need to start being more grateful for what I have.
follow because they all say yes ma'am to NO MAAM
First day back in the ol' office after our holiday break last week...soon we'll be in new office space in this new year!
Now using for iPhone 4... Pretty sweet. #nice thanks for a great app,
Mention thx returned...make it a great wkend!
your welcome thanks for watching
NP! Can't wait till 2nd season...I need to look into how you all pick panel members. I know a couple great guys for panel.
I won't pick up.
I am in Portland...be back Monday
Of course Patrick Kane goes to Mifflin AFTER I graduate.
in the beginning I thought the score seemed about right. After this week, not so much!
Any of you tweeps out there bloggers/journalists that cover urban revitalization projects/events? GREAT even coming up. Msg me to attend!
work overload, caffeine overdose, body that won't cooperate. lovely morning. headed to nara soon.
Topic on Sex Suite log on #Spring love
could not have said it better......: Good teams make the playoffs, the hot team wins the championship"
CF-Bro I should say
Thank you to all of the new followers. It's hard promoting a film on your own and getting the word out so I personally appreciate you guys.
Not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action, then a white crayon.
I miss
Just add Ted Nugent and everything's cool.
100% agree. That's what being Greater Than is all about!
I tried to be gentlemen but that just made her blush I tried to be Romanic she couldn't stand and slapped her on the ass and she went nuts
Wtf just happened on glee?
3 Hurt When Car Hits Apartment Building
God knows your "yesterday". Give him your "today", and He will take care of your "tomorrow".
Join TNT to raise money for cancer research & have some fun during one of our events! We have lots to offer!
Justin Bieber inspires me, because he tought me to Never Say Never (: <3 & i'll stick to that. I just wish he noticed me. <'3
What you call dog with no legs? Don't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come.
That right there, was the lowest of the low..
Lol good one and very true. We shouldn't forget that their are classy ones like
Fellow fans, you can listen to CU's new album for free on today. Comes out next Tuesday!
Hey fast food companies, stop adding "bowl" to previously existing foods and trying to persuade us that it's a new food
Getting addicted to "The Kennedys" with pear vodka in hand. That JFK was a true American hero and horndog.
We are playing THIS FRIDAY NIGHT @ Copperfield's & we'd love to see you there! Can we send tix??
#Brewers on the radio. Large glass of wine. Grill smell lingering. I feel like should be here with me.
: we'd be happy to give you a shoutout on our blog. Got underwear pics?
then I guess not because I was thinking eggs
just hanged out with friend and now im getting ready to watch #Raw pretty soon
Grading done. Semester over. I should feel relaxed just any second now, right?
and yet, you wouldn't want to live solely eating bananas.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! #7bars<3!!
Good morning everyone. It is early! Everyone made it through tuesday or aka musicians Monday.
Do you tweet? We do too!! Join us!! We love new followers!!
I really need a car wash.
They just saved both crews... Why didnt they do that 3 seasons ago?
Elton, with a most satisfied smile
I wish I was busy too. LOLOL! I am praying for it.
I had written off online dating...but I'm going to try this.
Hoping for a free jersey here at #TheWolff not looking good...HUGE turnout! :)
Texas' defensive coordinator is named Manny Diaz. I think I had a 1990 Donruss card of a guy by the same name.
Listening to my babys Beautiful voice singing is just as peaceful to me.
We just made the simple but mighty blueberry crumble over vanilla gelato. It don't need to be complex to be great.
lessons learned in our oh so fabulous and fun life. lmao.
Yes it is RT : It's just so much nicer when someone makes you smile more than frown.
If i had the moment, id capture that moment, and you would be right here next to me;*
follow back? Lol
I feel like I am the only guy who likes Chris Brown's music and dancing...
I'm supporting #cancer awareness on #curepals,
paperwork for various projects. (Ugg) But I got it done and each of them worked out really well. What a relief! You?
Just attended staff tour for new show Snapshot. Can't wait to spend more time in the Vuillard gallery.
Company luncheon was good today!!!!!!
Thanks! Hoping there is some enjoyment in there, lol.
ohh it was good n u
I swear !!! In my Life after all I been through, saying "I tried my best" ain't good enough ! #RealTalk :-/
Congrats to on her wedding! Dreams do come true!
Wow, congrats! :)
Im glad I chose not to eat
At the fundraiser tonight-- amazing to see great leaders in one room to support students and learning. Thanks
Let it be known that you are committed to improving the quality of video games
Spring break starts tomorrow!
31% of online display ad's go unseen...if that and social media is all your doing to market your company, you need to add some print
Got my fuzzy socks on and some comfy jammies, Popcorn and Chocolate Now I'm about to watch the Lion King with my babe Marissa! Night Kids<3
I was just told I have a sexy voice. Thanks for the support Uncle Freddy!
Petrovic jersey FTW
Rat Burgers! Mark, Clint! Lot of good cars in that mess.
Stand Up for Students Comedy Bash was a tremendous success. Thanks to our supporters!
Driving the ranger :)
Ever fight/defend the right person in an argument, and then the right person does something else afterwards dat just fux up the whole point?
Thanks on both fronts! Was shocked by VC reaction but just learning abt that industry now.
Less broadcasting, more conversations, we agree!!
Best movie ever, Seriously intriguing RT : Stumbled across documentary "Catfish". Look into creepiness of Facebook stalking.
AT&T is doing an awesome job correcting a billing error since my upgrade to the 4S. Love the business account, less wait time.
RightFit for the #Bears: Mario or V-Jax? Why not both?
Where are u from And also your food talk got me hungry
oh boy who is that?
yes absolutely!
Getting ready to go teach EJHS drumline with
Cookies help.
Tomorrow is Lumpy Rug Day – a day to celebrate & appreciate a good rug. We’re offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing on 5/3!
I only went to Midtown b/c I had a bunch of things I had to do at home. I got The Guild but not Serenity. :( Oh well. I got a
Everyone's a critic, when you're as great as #Cuse, you can't have slumps like these other schools
I love it down there :D me and my family plan on going there n the Spring time
word...but thas cuz there's something wrong wit both of thm
Men aren't supposed to be able to actually WATCH us get our makeovers...we're supposed to just be gorgeous. What kind of system is this?!
~ Calling it a Night.
Bitches need to fuck with RokkstarMoneyGang!! You cant do big things without us!! I know!!
Sippin on belvedere fennel shrub? Fancy martini.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: No matter who you call family, we wish you and your family the warmest most loving holiday & New Year ever.
I adore your profile pic. You have always been spectacular. XO
yo, have y'all seen my video yet?
haha ima b bigger than tyler 2, i let him know on his way 2 his car after he got out the weight room 1 day
you got named dropped on the radio this morn during the glen beck program. Nice.
that's all well and good but PLS tell me you're rooting for your native #Tigers over them M's!
Richard Driehaus sees the answers for our cities ills in the past. Check out Allison Arieff's Q+A w/Driehaus on
Cannot wait For #Believe!! #40DAYS..HURRY UPP!!!(:
At least a text. Lol I'm sorry twitter for abusing you.
fighting set to 100?
I kinda sorta have a crush on a boy.
Off-the-grid-super-moon-meteor-shower-Cinco de Mayo weekend in an Airstream in Big Sur. Let the fun begin!
thanks for all the love!
someone who was at a club with Niall the other day..
Thank you so much for your support. It's been such a hard decision.
nah not buzzys!!!!!! Blast from the past!
The lineup for tonight's HTL show is like b.day and Xmas! RT : Who needs presents anyway? These shows are my presents to myself!
Loved sharing the stage with you and it was indeed my honor to be with you and
I just saw your video of the Hotel Churchill in SD. - Thank you. (Love the reflection).
Just want to send a special shout out to for making me really sick. Awesome.
Tomorrow TJMaxx stores in Orlando Fl will start campaign 4 #autismawareness month plz donate if u visit TKS
Aw shucks.
Look for me on the #Pistons broadcast. Right behind TOR bench
Parents, stand up for the upbringing of our children!!! Fight for your parental rights as parents!
Promess tomorrow wil be NAVY YARD!
I am very disappointed in the
Loling at all the partiers that go to young life.
AGREED. RT : I wonder if we can get Adele to sing something by Whitney tomorrow night?? That would just be the ultimate tribute!!!
holy shit. Cell phones, outside food...absolutely not. Toddlers in a PG-13 flick. No problem.
Shane's best round...still fighting...in vain..but still fighting
Thanks for the Retweet! For the love of
Epic workday I must say!
The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.
Rudy is the 1%. x) jk RT : Made a bank account and looking into working as a bank teller. Oh yeah! ;)
Speaking of H.D. Woodson, and #Ward7's Education Council have the Education Forum there on Feb 29th.
thanks so much for following us! -Jared, P143
Somebody there had better be making you cookies. Thats all I have to say.
So many great influences in my life, including my mother. Happy National Teacher Day!
Even better, all the nurses and doctors who saw me looked at my chart and went, "Oh, honey, I'm sorry! Happy birthday!"
What was your favorite #SuperBowl commercial?
Heading to Phoenix for NASPA Annual Conference this weekend! Come find us in Booth
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead Quite a few. ;)
hmm, good point. I will pay closer attention to the non-corona adds now. Corona adds just seem so uppity the more I watch them
i love my bestfriend to death&honestly i have no clue what i would do with out her<3(: happy
never to much! Think I'm going to now too!
Guess I'll be voting for a #Republican this go round!
hey brothas wanna hang?
Thanks to Bill for his call about Afghanistan. Let me know your thoughts on our involvement & their economy - e-mail .
you're very talented... This is beautiful!
I use dropbox all the time, mostly for trading audio files for recording sessions. Good stuff.
The concept of space is overwhelming. Saw the Hubble IMax film today and cried a little. Of course I cry during just about every movie.
everything is really great so far :) getting a lot of information very quickly, but also jumping right in!
Another early morning here at the 101. Lots on our plates today. It's good to be busy these days! Enjoy the summer weather this weekend! :)
Gun show this weekend Antonio Event Center.
#askToni-i have lupus & I'm trying to stay optimistic b/c I've got a lot of lbs to lose.Thanks 4 sharing your story!
thinks it's an awesome idea
It implies that he's never been to a supporters' group tailgate/stood in one...which can't be right, can it?
#WhyDoIHaveTo prove myself to my "friends"
you know that's right. They better switch it up or I will change the channel.
Preparing for LA Marathon: What You Need to Know
haha yeahh best night ever<3 did you have VIP?
no, but I spilled a glass of cranberry juice down my beige pants...
SCHOLARLY TIP: National Geographic is always good for at least one tribal boob.
awesome idea!
more like "boo!!!"
Just going to take my new follower as a HELLA big sign that I've assimilated into NoCal
okay? Thanks.
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is incarcerated aka locked up, in jail/ prison
"She glides into a chair by her mother, rests her chin on her hand, and gazes into the immensities."- NOW I ASK YOU
Its been a hectic day
im feeling so down right now :( :( anything you could do to make me smile? follow me maybes..
RT : We had a great time tasting all of the wines at Really enjoyed them!
Live it!!
Crowley, you're guilty by proximity.
I jus think it's too much food on top of each other
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom. -H.W. Beecher
Haha staaaap lying! So if we have a cute contest the score is Loser Liliana: 2 Robert: 10000000 ;D
Ok! But what song?
#ExtraordinaryMom is my mom
Check out the newest courses SafetySkills has launched:Basic Hazardous Materials Management & Electrical Safety for the Oil and Gas Industry
Our Citizenship Class in Spanish starts at 6:00pm. Remember to use the side doors, not the main entrance!
Thanks for the RT Ryan, have a great day!
Special is when we are present, when we have eye contact, when we say what we mean and mean what we say. That can happen anywhere, anytime.
Mom: don't forget to bring me back something from Spain! Me: A son-in-law? Mom: *hangs up*
Oh my God, old polish man on the bus, get off your cell phone. OR AT LEAST STOP YELLING!
I don't get the backlash against the Kindle for not being "blind friendly." Not everything can be! Are iPhone's blind friendly?
Working the poll... Another special election
Kk keep me posted
Feels like paradise today in Baltimore! Thanks Mother Nature for the relief...
I recommend
loving how the chair umpire pronounces "deuce" as "dyussss"
probably not.. i think i have acquired like 4 parking tickets in the last month
Don't make a sock-filled ball with my heart.
for a low-budget christmas, dont give iTunes gift cards, just write "thepiratebay.org" on a piece of paper and give that as a gift
So many choices! RT banana ginger,butter pecan, oreo, marscapone fig, mango yogurt, peppermint, rosemary olive oil, SALTED CARAMEL
Two great meetings w/ Ohio Senators--they are interested in sponsoring a bipartisan bill to reform immigration!
#ColeWorld. But it's hot out dough.
will do!
Public Pool 'Enraged Will Inherit the Earth' closing party: Metal Dungeon & Monster Island. Beer from Traffic Jam. 9-midnight. Free.
no just lookin for one. We're starting a biker gang.
Team CeeLo's wig tonight!
❤ and appreciate u B! Always know that I'm extremely proud of you. Tonight you showed out for real...for real!
Its a great day to be a
sure ill send ya some $ u drinking top shelf am guessing right :)
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
i am.!.aha jkay:p
that's what's up.
30% OFF HAS BEEN EXTENDED THROUGH TODAY! LAST DAY TO SAVE 30% OFF YOUR ENTIRE PURCHASE!
Thank you!
no clowns? You've really slipped now!
. I found you need to advertise a day ahead. Pacific time for the promo. East coast is going early. 1/3 of mine went by 9:00 MT
Hello there folks!!!
Hey friends be sure to hear and on tonite!!!!
Fluoride at the dentist <<<
when he txts you first
Under a cave?
RT : cheers. Plus filmspotting interview was cool
Happy Friday!! :)
awwwe shucks thanks :)
car sat nav info blog: Happy with this product! GlobalSat BU-353 ...
someone? I have a name you know lol
We have FREE Rolling Rock from 6-8pm tonight! Enough said.
Happy birthday Maggie! Have an awesome day! I'm sure you'll keep on celebrating until Coachella is over. Cheers! :-)
Nothing is more annoying than being in a bad mood for no apparent reason and being asked, "What's wrong?" over and over again.
The body is your temple. Keep it pure and clean for the soul to reside in. ~B.K.S. Iyengar
English fellow just leaped alone at the Chelsea goal...couragious!
You've been acting real tough lately, smoking a lot of cigarettes lately, but I know inside you're just a baby
Teen Nick.
No gatorade? The fuck! They should call bodegas inconvenient stores instead
fear and loathing LML #
Ain't nothing but a gangsta party 
I meant to say that I wouldn't dare!!
The Burger King and Dairy Queen preside over a kingdom of vegan persucution.
My husband is so cute when he tells me "stop shopping for the new house". He says it like he thinks I'm listening.
glad you enjoyed! kitty corner from my house.
I'd like to know what all these wasps think they're going to FIND once they get into my house.
Happy Hump Day... Guess I wont b sleeping alone tonite then lol
Unexpected texts >>>
Free drinks all night baby Let me know when u need saved. The word is banana pancakes
Luke Bryan is kinda the man.
well i wont be able to this weekend but maybe the next. Cant wait. (:
I've never seen a guy lose a game this big twice...
btw the crazy lady is laying down on her porch. Like ON the porch...
Okay, you got what you wanted & didn't even say thank you to your parents? ...
what did you think of the ending man? I was disappointed
Thanks for the #FF Erik! Hope you have a great weekend.
#mstreetbeach get there
That awkward moment when ur starring at someones ass and they flex their ass cheek
;; I like fishes
I love and how much he embraces wisconsin (the state)...and that he has Indiana going far in his bracket
planning CEU event in conjunction with an evening w/ NYC dates to follow.
I am now a proud member of
SO thankful found my IFB earpiece... I misplaced it on his desk Friday & he didn't uncover it until yesterday!
Some serious storms around. God is pissed about Amendment 1! ;)
Thank you for stepping in when we needed it the most. Your call for followers meant a lot to You made a difference.
Don't let your money be wasted for nothing - - Check out the only affordable but great Pests Exterminator services @ tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! \[.,________.]/
agreed should see the madness i have been writing. haha
oh Twitter, be gentle to me as i am new here. Looking forward to realizing the potentials here and connecting with good thoughts & materials
RT When people ask me if I'm mad at them or are u ok, i jst say yeah I'm cool but deep inside I'm hurt <|3"
Just when I thought I wasn't getting any more presents, two cars full of nuns drives past me.
Hey Boston! What type of music do you want in the highlight videos?
Hey can u scratch my cooter
SPECIAL MEMBER OFFER TONIGHT!! Come in for $2 upgrades all night! Just mention that you saw this on Twitter or Facebook, and you'll be set.
#sdmayornp Filner: look at what I've done. Art is what a great city does. Dumanis: you know what I've done. I'm a CEO.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old. George Burns
When I finally get over you, there you go again reminding me why I fell for you in the first place
But I would sure like that. What's up this weekend?
"You may not be responsible for getting knocked down, but you're certainly responsible for getting back up."
OMG, i cant wait to have a prank war with my boyfriend.
The news for John Travolta just keeps getting worse.
thanks for the tip!
Is that for a specific game?
I hope 2012 isn't as shitty as 2011. Happy New Years(:
Dressing up tonight? If so where are you going?
#schoolmemories spending my time in AP English watching Pixar movies.
Heading to nashville this weekend for the NWTF convention.
Balak ? Being your school girl ensemble.
and at every intersection!
Been buried under music. The deeper I get, the more I can breathe. The more I breathe, the more I can Live in #Love. #thankgodformusic :)
your branching blackis to SD?
I'm gonna give our 800th, 900th & 1,000th follower a #Free CD! Good luck tweeters! And As always Thank you for the
Good Night to all my followers!!!
get them to give me the shout outs instead! I just won a playoff game!
Nerdy psychology joke: What kind of therapy should someone with DID get? Group therapy! hahahahah
"The Fortune is in the Follow-Up." Brilliant advice by Jody Johnson.
Really looking forward to the Ladies of Launch Pad meeting tonight to brainstorm an awesome project or 2 or 3!
Want a 5 sec way to give your website a new look? change the background color. Most visitors will know something is new but not what
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! ;-)
"Cocky or confident? Quite frankly, IDGAF how u feel"
people always to chase after you dreams, well when its right in front of you, its scarier than you think! #nervousasfuck!!!
Tiger has already been in them in person. Shaft, Balls, and all. Tiger Woods is the man! #chronictigermasterbater Here!
its okay.
The Las Vegas airport is one of my favorite places to people watch
I thought people were headed to Buffalo Billiards. On my way in ten.
Another student's name was Shithead... any guesses on this pronunciation?
kickin it in the shop with this chick ayyyy!!!! follow her!!!!
Thanks for the RT about the New To You Clothing & Accessories Swap yesterday! <3
Just landed in Ft Lauderdale. Goal is to put in > 20 hours at the tables... I'd be fooling myself if I didn't include a beach day or two
I was proud to be on the big screen at the #mubb game wearing my T-shirt and showing my support!
Too bad they don't make better beer to go in those bottles...
just peeked at your work for the first time; it is magnificent.
I've had old death cab on repeat for two weeks now. Anyways, come to tonight's show at Mississippi Pizza. @ nine.
Hey Georgia AFRO Street Team! Your street team packages have been mailed. Promote dat shit and get free admission!
Yes. I wanted to knock him over for that one. Ah, memories.
RT : President 's mass atrocities board will convene for the first time today at the
#SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS #THANKZ FOR FOLLOW ME"
Hey good lookin'. Come here often?
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
Why? What Happened? Do I Need To Beat Someone Up? Cuz You Know I Will! :P Haha Jk :P
we should never have ever been aloud in that class
this week will be awesome
Available soon! 2 Brand New, Earth Advantage Homes with Accessory Dwelling Units on 647 NE Sumner St. Great close in location!
RT : "The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do."
Okay played my song im good now
NW: Johnny Test
recently just got my tickets for Action Item+Andy Grammer!!
S/o to my new follower
......WHY ARE ALL THOSE WOMEN MARRIED!!?
Sweet man, I will look forward to that!
nice little rivalry between border schools (first sweep since 95-96 I think) is storm worthy, don't you think?
What if I went to Vegas , got drunk ,got married to a random dude ! I would hope he was cute. . But I wouldn't know what to do !!!
would have been easy for you to pop by
now? Can this show get any better?? #superbowl2012 who else will show up???
Good Sex/Head
Portland was great! On my way home... quick stop in San Jose ;)
Let's officially designate January 14 "Dead Of Winter Day." Summer's a faded memory, Spring Training is still a month away. Happy DOWD, all.
call me wen u get off
We are not believing anything you say today!
Good morning Brian - Kurt at promoting ... Have an awesome Thursday!
Good evening, Irving! Hope to catch you on your doorstep tonight.
Did you realize that you can save $10.00 on a 5-Pack of when you sign up for our auto-ship program? www.citracharge.com
I knew that was coming. It is gorgeous in La Jolla. Melting due to past rain.
hahaha he used it as in "she tricked him with her vagenda" it was a lady spy
If you want a quality, act as if you already had it
Sounds good..Think you guys know my pick.
Prof passes out plant specimen and I play with it the entire class. He collects them at the end because they are poisonous
Shout out to my homie Nell he droppin his mixtape next week he worked so hard .
“: "Publish information that says 'This is why we are important to our community.'" #npx2012. such good advice
No, but we will check. Thanks for the heads up.
I'm beggin' to hear your voice, tell me you love me too...
RT really hope 2011 is going to be full of happiness, laughter, and exercise, and less drama and sadness. :-)
now i gotta think of a "get my mans to dunk on her in public" kind of retaliation. this cant fly yo.. cant.
Send some headphones man! Thanks
Super excited to see "Newsies" on Broadway tonight. Must remember not to sing along.
Leaky roof ? Soggy drywall ? Call Mr.D's we'll get that roof fixed and repair your damaged ceiling all in one day. Call Us ! 619-562-5848
That's kind of you -- thanks!
Where do you follow the UFC? I don't really want to shell out the $$$ for the PPV...especially for this fight
Just finished a new article on a great electro-pop band. Up in a few weeks.
Ready for the Knicks to take game 1
sorry to have missed you!
A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.
Well that was a waste of a power play
TY again Hilton!
Yes! Last day of class with this lady
Almost 75% of the women on my list are at nail salons. Welcome back, flipflop weather.
Makesure it 's a vodka cocktail! RT : Fat Tuesday has only just begun! Come have a cocktail with us!
Thank you New Image Shelter for taking care of the most vulnerable & giving us the opportunity to #serve the greater LA community!
prove it!
Mike brown bout to get thrown out
I do the same exact thing and I'm not ashamed to say it :D
That is actually not such a bad idea. lol.
Going to make some turkey burgers and fries for
I'm in time of need real talk. #DM me fam
holly did you get lip butter in gumdrop? it's so sheer i'm so mad!!
If it ain't "the business" I don't even care to spend my time working for the man!
Hope to see you soon!! Thanks for the follow!
Mad skills.
You know I May Not tweet that Often but im Always Around.
That's a bargain worth making
The only thing she has over me is that she's 30 pounds closer to hibernation than I am.
Please recommend us to your friends. We would like to reach 25 so that we can qualify for our own URL ;P
yep I did
Great job tonight on Celebrity Creators
I think maybe I'll clip my toenails in IR lecture next week
Near a TV? Tune in, folks. RT : interview coming up soon on
Influencers get high degree of reach and ton of buzz, but advocates continue convo + emotional connection
Sure-But please copy someone else's that doesn't have XL geriatric type.
Susan Tucker of : Medicaid accounts for 25% of state budget. 33% of services are "carved out" of MCOs.
Chalk it up to the heat and finals.
OMG! I just saw an ad for a hitman style paintball tourney in seattle, Grand prize is $10,000!!!! Search craigslist activities for "last ...
Fixing my iPod first. RT : You know what to do
Bulls on parade.
#Sluggish is a huge understatement.
Good morning Twitterville!
New show announcement! July 1 with One Less Reason. More info to come! Stand by...
#np Gil Scott Heron & Brian Jackson - The Bottle
ohk come ! Knock at my aunts door
I BEEN TWITTING ON A IPHONE DUMB DUMB TWO OF THEM GOODMORNING LADY'S
Decide what it is you want to improve find someone with those qualities and ask them to be your mentor.
Working out kinda hurt my legs tonight. I'll do yoga in the morning. :)
Seeing lots of spooky Halloween skeletons has me wondering about the skeletal system. A human adult has 206 bones, but is born with more.
I hate saying goodbyes
WE LOVE YOU TIM!!! GOD BLESS!!!
I from Memphis so I roll with Memphis,TN nothing else.
Gatorade® National Boys Basketball Player of the Year: Jabari Parker
“: If u was ever my boy like on some chill often type shit ....uknow I'm not playing wit these bitches at all”
#fridayreads The Omnivore's Dilemma by Michael Pollan (print); Percy Jackson & the Lightning Thief (audio)
Hm...lunch at cheddars...I think so
Seeing a movie at 3 on a weekday is definitely the best antidote to feeling old on your bday- was youngest person there by about 40 years
I think I'm going to start ranking restaurants quantitatively by 'time to first bite'.
I randomly went to your blog yesterday and it wasn't working. Glad it's back! =)
tweeting about someone without tagging them in it
it should be posted on the new website in the next couple of days.
alright let's get this whole prom thing over with asap
This last month of school is going slower than the whole year did 😒
Reminds me of David Gandy... and we all know how well that guy is doing in life...Rugged
Cool front page article! We actually get the Sunday paper.
Art Fact- Edgar Degas produced 1500+ works depicting dancers during his career.
Your mind says 'quit' but your spirit says NEVER!
Way to go ! So glad you're on to balance out 's viewpoint.
let haters hate. happy easter 99
We have a couple new beers to check out: Brasserie Pietra Colomba White Ale & Brasserie Duyck Jenlain Blond!!
if you'd like your name hyperlinked in our homepage post, just lemme know
nice one.
In the fields of observation chance favors only the prepared mind. ~ Louis Pasteur
which Lexus dealership?
Uh your mother when I sucked that pussy dry.
new info: state officials say horse that was shot in Franklin Co last week was unintentionally killed by a hunter
RT : Do you think we'll finally get to buy a hover skateboard in 2012? < I got one. The package says helicopter not supplied
Bro my mama be trippin tho..
Thanks, Leah! How did you hear ab us? RT : Excited ab Chicago- Learn anything from your peers for free...
I love FALL!!!
Raise your hands if you called off work for Tigers' BB today!
OKC treated the Lakers like it was their first night in prison.
well then is a GENIUS
I'm probably late but happy birthday
just watched your TV appearance!
Mimosas are poured. Waiting on the croissants to brown.
hahaha I know right! :D
One Wendy's Baconator, coming right up!
oh ahha okay.
My nuts hang like it aint no curfew
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do.
Mama always said… when you’re laughing out loud, you’re healing your soul !
: There have been 21 perfect games in MLB history.Josh Hamilton's four-homer game is only the 14th in MLB history.
Heard today: "WE ARE the change that we are waiting for.
music is life ..
aw come on... My sis saw it in Tampa
Made the softball team and got the lead part in my dance class(:
D.J.'s!!!! BLAST that music tonight make it bump! and included us in your Tweets to RT
Good luck doing whatever you're doing!
Woo hoo! You're a superstar alumna, Katie!
lol, I know. It doesn't even feel like I am tho.
Diets don't work! You need to change your lifestyle and the way U look at food. Our Transitions program is there to support U in this change
Bed soon
I love to slam the
can't wait until June 3rd! Holy SHITTTTT!
Neighborhood 3 unloads TONIGHT at 11PM! If you are able to help please contact Jessica DeRegnier ASAP!
Mario Rivera of the yankees Terrell Suggs of the Baltimore Ravens all have the same injury and of course Layla EL
Oh well it be that way sometime
Happy Mother's Day, sweetie. Hope ur enjoying ur day! x
RT : Join Us! Saturday, April 21st at Malapardis Park in Cedar Knolls, NJ, for the Greater Parsippany Bark for Life event.
meaning, I send YOU great vibes every day
thanks for the RT
went to Universal Studios Halloween Horror nights. Much fun!
Enjoying a beautiful Sat. after a very full week of coaching & prof. training wrkshps. Need leadership skills?
Off to to make the hair o' the dog for ya's. 1-7. Come keep me company.
Birdie on 16 today! Woo Hoo!
71 More Day Till 's B-Day!! Yay!
Glad you liked my presentation!
my absolute pleasure ... now hand over that boxty. ;)
im just saying
Clippers doing it again??
ive probably heard reasons before but why do most QBs decide not to throw at combine?
Haters 😠 Did You Get an iPhone
Not at all. Gotta start planning. No social security for us.
'Bathtub' spelled backwards is still 'bathtub'. It's not, but for a second there, you believed me.
Agreed RT : If you have Netflix Instant, I highly recommend God Grew Tired Of Us - documentary about Sudanese refugees.
this sounds snarky, but i'm honestly asking: why can't you talk to them when you're with guy friends?
just realized I can follow Gucci Mane, life is so good
!!!!!! Are you trying to make me come to NYC to see it ASAP!? Because it might be working.
So work was long ... And exhausting but it is long over thank god I have a break I need it
So I'm one follow away from following 500... any suggestions on who I should follow!?
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. Don Marquis
Wow, that is amazing!
hey miss breaker of news, break out of your tech fishbowl and supply a link.
ever since you posted the video of you and filming(and you had a cricket in your mouth)I've been eager to see it!
I wish I could wear high heels to school.
Trying this morning run thing. Oy.
“: People who read your messages but don't text back<” thats you all the time! 😉
Chillin..What's good!
Pear Salad, a striking combination of pears, avocados, tomatoes, cucumber & marinated chicken breast w/warm pita bread, $10
check out,"say your wrong" or "tell me im worth it" This is just to hold ya'll over for a few weeks till our single is released
It can be fun... I go in waves of being into it, then take time off. Fun to read other tweets though!
I don't get high off drugs,I get high off life and music.
Great visit with Jane, Leslie & Chris at Tomato Head, Market Square, Knoxville
All the episodes of Arrested Development season 4 will be posted on Netflix on the SAME day! Taste the happy!
Still doing online and hard copy acting submissions! I love what I'm doing so much..lost track of time! LOL...I'm ready for Jay Leno now!
Cooking eggs like a boss.
thanks I hope so
We spent last weekend hanging with Black Box Revelation. Look for a show review tomorrow & interview next week. Killer times!
[ATTENTION] The New Jersey Department of Treasury and Commercial Recording is closed today because of a blown transformer.
you a rapper but you aint catching on
thanks for the RT ;)
Same tweeter, sure, but maybe the start of Spring Pops puts new bounce in your tweets!
#eventprofs worst fear RT : Woke up from stress nightmare: desperately packing for 2wk trip to Brazil, flight in an hour.
RT : That was SCARY. I yelped at that high inside pitch to Castro like he was my own son.
Hahahah, the shit that runs through my mind?
looking for a compassionate, top-notch speech-pathologist contact Kristen Jacobsen Plus, check-out her new day-timer for students!
you see the DH is back in there tonight?
Thanks for the RT!
So shocked that is saying good-bye! They will be missed! They will now send out 3 National emails/wk on online finds <6.
#ificantakebackonething the ketchup off that burger I bought u
insect horror: Panama resort-Stayed in bamboo huts on the beach. With full moon saw all kinds of things climbing the walls.
Guy made monobrows sexy.
aren't prepaid debit cards just a bad idea generally. you are paying a fee to get to your own money.
I have so much homework to do by tomorrow
Why is everybody cheatin now an days? That's bs, if I'm wit you I'm only wit you. Fck everyone else. Man these ppl are postin depresin stuff
Not right now, but ... RT : Giambi is no longer effective. Is it possible Pacheco could replace him?
The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect. -Robert Louis Stevenson
I'm good, thank you love <3
You have to be someone special to know what Phapes means. 4 or 5 in the whole world.
Q1 - Where you at celebrating the release of #radioactive?
because you had 45 people to kill. i mean 45 minutes to kill.
OMG after all this exercising I have been doing I can finally now wear skinny jeans and look good and feel confident :D #YayForMe LoL what?
my answer is that the mfa shows a wider variety as contemporary than the ica which is lock step with the art fair market's whims.
body is an 8 face is a 5. Overall 6.5. Next.....
Revenge was fucking AMAZING and today is TVD I honestly can't fucking wait and I usually don't curse lol im just over excited
Limited bugs! RT : What’s the best benefit to #camping in #spring?
#saa11 plenary response: access to continuing ed an issue. Employers of contract archivists don't care about prof dev. Up to poor archivist.
ha!he was in and out. Was kinda chaotic after wackass Riff Raff.
looking for a Medical Director w/ agency experience in NJ
m the White Sangria is coming back in a few weeks!
please let Stefan and Elena be happy together, even though that's not a very good story line, it's all I want ♥
Prepared for the worst but still prayin for the best :)
Love is blind, but marriage restores its sight.~~~~~~~~~~George Lichtenberg
Turns out that my roommates and I are semi-pro at going all #MST3k on #ChroniclesofNarnia: The Dawn Treader. Such a fun night!
do u know ? your last two tweets,make me think u should
Completing client's mid-year update video, aimed at all employees, and another client's year-end video, for their board of directors.
I'm not at work lol I was off today ok good night bff
Flyers fans booing Rinaldo's ejection as if nothing wrong happened is the sole reason I hate every person in that arena in orange
I love merica
...tech'em bout monopoly
can today just be over already ? #definitelynotmyday ...but you at least make me feel better... #ihaveaprettyamazingfriend <3
“: Hooters in pembroke pines. *two thumbs up*”probably the best hooters in south Fl
...what does that have to do with me?
That was 's piece, actually. (referring to my last tweet)
365 days of summer
Let's talk about the maverick...
I need a fucking ice bath.
About to go on LA Talk Radio with , lets see how many bleeps Dave gets.
Omg. I cannot believe I'm doing this. agkjhadl;dslagjal AH
Kirby Larson: the joys of being the bossy big sister!
But let me get to the point, lets roll another joint And turn the radio loud, Im too alone to be proud You dont know how it feels to be me.
: RT : Texas State Univer. Student Athlete Advisory Committee has mass collected tabs to donate to the RMH!
Can I just drink this bottle of wine all by myself? On a Sunday night? Out of the bottle? While not doing homework?
Bro I got 4 Months
I have a movie script to share. 3233539405 *christina the cuban*
I did! I hope you did too. :-)
that is not easy buddy
Trying to keep this already productive day going but running out of steam. Must. Finish. Website. Z
Dont miss the chance to grab $99 ALL-INCLUSIVE tickets to , promo code: "BigNightRocks" !!
i kinda wonder whether Scalabrine thought Stern was just being a hard-ass with the Rondo headband thing, for example
Pocket tens-always folding after the flop,sucks..
Luv it. compared social media to Bachelor mantra: "I put myself out there & got hurt". You will, but must take chances.
renny, ur givin a makeup class at the DMV? Thank God, some of those heifers need it,, just sayin..
Tired, i want to catch some 💤
RT : IBM Could Become the Biggest Player in the Cloud: Last week, IBM unveiled a new offering ? IBM......
They have some tutorials on there but you can buy it for MAC or PC depends on your needs. I needed to get data from MAC TO PC.
- I'm in! Sounds fun.
Tylers coming over soon, messing around with Lightroom 3 and Apeture, what one is better in your opinion?
Great blog material!
Workplace #safety tip: Store your own emergency supplies (flashlight, walking shoes, water bottle, nonperishable food)
Let us know if we can ever join you
Living gives you a better understanding of life
Hmm, facebook isn't updating my twitter anymore. stink
Don know. However many want to say being poor determines yuor SAT scores. What were these students excuse for cheating?
Hi spence :) can we be friends?? tweet me yes or no
To be completely fair, so does Ryan Braun. Like him, would have no problem with it if he was on different team
It's seems easier for you, anyhow.
Menu after menu. FLYING AT MY HEAD!!!
RT Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. -Leo Buscaglia
It's getting dark! The show should start soon.
On my way to school with baby and she is so happy!!! Beautiful day!!
I think it's time I cross that line. C;
Welcome to LA!
Follow. Follow. Follow.
Donald Glover is such a G
"Never mistake activity for achievement." ~ John Wooden
Great day spent with wonderful people. Beautiful weather also... God is great!
i would go with a hug from Austin because he could hold me in his arms OMG! *dies*
Lady Gaga takes fashion from the mundane to the stratosphere.She has the most creative clothing designers and stylists in the industry.
God Bless and Go Broncos!
RT If you get to eat sugar cubes when you take LSD then sign me up.
The first atomic bomb, and he thought, "'Now, I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.'" Now, in Los Alamos, a new Oppenheimer exhibit.
PLEASE send him my name
she could take you..
Back at work. Happy happy joy joy.
"There are a lot more people with good ideas then there are the funds for those ideas"#tedxcle #phillipniles importance of ideas data & dr's
I'd be interested in hearing the answer to that. Not that I was going to make the autobahn drive from Indiana...
It's ALIVE! 's first Prusa Mendel is up and running! Hoping to get it calibrated and printing tomorrow.
ITS HALLOWEEN!!!!!
Thank you! you rock!
1st run in 6 weeks post knee injury and I had an 11 min/mile pace and my knee feels good. Not bad. Cldve gone longer but I'm late for dinner
Lol it's crazy how some heads think so negative.
great choices! “: Ben Folds or Brad Paisley!!!”
I've been everywhere man searching for someone, someone who can please me love me all night long <3
#Clippers Vs
This peach slushie from sonic..... hm m m..... WHEW!
We have a few comfy booths that are the perfect size for your family and friends. We'd love to have you!
Ppl who have a twitter but never tweets <<<<
He does it on purpose so he has pine tar he can use while at the plate. It's why he always touches it.
Poll just released: 29% of Pennsylvanians think Rick Santorum has hurt their states image...really? only 29%?!?!
So excited for this weekendd. 2 more days :)
I cant wait for College man !!
I had a great day today! So glad GOD blessed me with this family.
I don't remember retweeting that last retweet
What a bunch of cowboys.
time management skillz been off. no smokin or drinkin till my birfffday. lets see how this goes
Say somethin' if you are feeling the vibe, Say somethin' baby don't be so shy, Say somethin' cause you are all in my head like …<3 :)
-- its a border rivalry.
and to u
“: one more sleep x have good show tonite and safe travels to Nash! !!! Xo” thanks! So excited for Nashville!!
wanna hangout!?
love the episode where bruh man borrows Martin's CD player.
A bit sleepy today, late night gig at the beach last night, might have a full show there soon. Will keep you posted.
oh yes lol. its like no wonder youre always so broke ha
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers
hitting Club #Nopants. z
Thanks for the RT! Hope everyone is well.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
Don't forget the world ends today. If, you know, you have stuff you gotta get done.
Why did the stupid boy wear a turtle neck sweater? To hide his flea collar.
Latin Perspective has added new material to its web site www.latinperspective.net with much more to come in the future
I mean when people tweet things like, "ew I hate u" but you clearly have no idea wtf they're talking about.
Enjoying #aam2012 so far but I'm disappointed with wifi again this year. It shouldn't be this hard to share cool ideas.
old but sexy French model: Brigitte Bardot
Were you wearing overalls, too?
In theaters TODAY - IMMORTALS- watch the official trailer
RT : And we fucks wit you too! RT : S/O all my followers...I fuck wit y'all
“: Dogs are the best pet tbh.” - #CoSign!!! Always!!!
So I just shaved my legs and told my friend I was feelin my Legs she's like why? I'm all like THEY ARE SO SOFT!Lindsay said RETARD!
Lmfao. Naw, I hate dude that THINK they are hard. I will put them in their place haha :)
Damn i kinda miss THE BODY TAP
The #Heat really got to get it together...
well played.
you guys down for a road trip to see beat Chicago on May 12th?
It was oh so simple.
I think I take the best #Instagrm pictures tbh.
No that was link I gave him in PM. It is reason I dont give identity. I will direct message reason
You are very welcome!
Press opening for the SMOMA 75th anniversary tour today. Lots of great events all weekend long. Free and open to the public.
I saw a lifesize cardboard today and started tearing up! Haha I hope I get it for my birthday! I love you!(:
New demo video for our upcoming enhanced version #Jagimo video: bit.ly/igwEJb
Inna be coming out wit dem new summer jamz and I CANNOT handle it all!!
Today is the anniversary of Dr Martin Luther King's assassination. Remember this great #leader today!
Enjoy your evening #LoganSquare and #Chicago is beautiful even when it rains!
Wale - The Break Up Song (Full Official Version): via <3
"your wedding was awful...like a shark attack......at a sunday school."
If your getting three bid or quotes on a new system, how are you really going to know if they will do the job right
YES! RT : Long live Despised Icon!
Cirque du soleil is too bomb!
What a game!
i ♥ you miley♥ i can't wait see one of your concerts♥ i really want you to come to NYC [= Please RT???
boo...I have to decide whether I should stay here next wknd and go to the snake pit ball or go to Wisconsin. I want to do both.
lol! I know, I'm just a shell of my former self. I can't even look myself in the eyes anymore ;)
; Blessings Mike, I would love to have a signed copy of your wonderful book!! This is my intention.
bummer I won't be able to join you. let me know if you plan on hitting Tower.
Golden State Warriors Head Coaching job requirements: "Must hate Mavs; be named Mark Jackson" #
they diagnosed you.
Chef Geoff's Downtown is conveniently located 3 blocks from the WHITE HOUSE!
Wow! Just heard that MCA of the Beastie Boys has died. Prayers for the family. Hope knew Jesus.
This dude next to me has fubu on and the tag is still on it lmao
I hope that you're joking....
No Steph, I'm taking a break this year. Sorry to miss out on catching up with u. Any Chgo visits this summer??
wtf do you mean hat? -____- bro im trying so hard not to get pissed -___-
Thinking of changing my middle name to Superfly TNT. Thoughts~>
Abby C Smith is fantabulous. Follow her and come see her in The ToyMaker.
I like U of A better :-) but he may not Thanx for your thoughts. If it is between us and UCLA chances are good. I hear his dad went to T ...
Songwriting session right now!
Yep, more: And special thx to who's tweeted her Brit booty off at
just gettin up bout to cook come breakfast (:
well glad you are safe and sound! Welcome Home Soldier!
are you still in Australia?
Gotta root for the Big 12. Better teams in the conference means better bowl opportunities. I'll be rooting for OU tomorrow.
": Bitch, you missed me!!!! You love me!!!" Once again NEXT JOKE PLEASE! Omg your swore?!Who r u and what have u done to Z?
Swag On Deck Brah
thank you so much :)
Umm hey I just wanted to tell u tht ur still on my mind its okay tht I'm not on urs I just wanted to let u know u mean alot to me
I got this drink in my cup. Bright lights in a big city. Living in the fast lane for today feeling right yeah because I'm single for tonight
Thanks Joseph!
A lot of people call me bambi(: Hehe
she suck kim Who get a f--k think u tmz
TWITTERTHURSDAY MUSIC NIGHT CLUB & IS ALL DAT NEED TO BE SAID
Thanks for giving us some work to do today. And for the pizza.
How pathetic can you be?
Dear men, when you KNOCK A GIRL UP...dont deny the baby STEP THE FUCK UP!
Pro Forma => For form's sake
when you say hi to someone and they're a complete fucker elbow.
CHECKIN OUT SUM NEW EQUIPMENT AT GUITAR CENTER NIGGAS GOTTA UPGRADE
Reaching out to others through our pain & isolation can seem impossible but it is the only way we will reach the other side of it.
Use Drake. The kids love that.
Todays gonna be a good day. :-)
Accidents happen even in non-rented cars. Pricing risk is the question. And managing risk through veh inspections etc.
im dying to see the twins 3 month pics!!!
I feel like taking off the steel bracelet on my Nardin and going with the blue croc, too bad I can't find it!!! #BMF :( Still looking...
Why is Bachman trying to take on the HPV vaccine...I got it and I don't think I'm "retarded" yet
Softball dinner <3 #hilarious x
This day in 1901 Gugliemo Marconi sends first transatlantic radio signal -- and look how far communication has come since then!
wish I could say the same. I am spending WAY too much ALL THE TIME. Don't know where I got the idea that I had any sort of money.
I love you & that cat! Wish I weren't allergic :(
in the 2nd my b
Carla: Need to keep track of production history and all digital surrogates so others can verify findings in digital lab notebook.
fun times Jilly :)
Brunch at ZED 451 in a bit... post-opening
Greatly enjoyed speaking to the Jefferson Genealogical Soceity last night. A great group that is very organized and accomplishes a lot.
Circuit training (performing back-to-back exercises at a moderate to high intensity) is a fast way to burn calories!
Will Forte back on #SNL! This skit rules.
Smart kids or smart dads that had those kids? lol
you too!
Sushi for lunch ! 👍
His music is better, now to me. This is some real uplifting shit, though. Whoever "errbody" is is wack.
Dance like no one's watching xo RT “: Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.”
I love awkward moments but damn, that was AWKWARD...
Headed to Madison to scrimmage Bella Donna with Heist this afternoon for a couple hours. Before & after: more work on #mlanet12 poster.
You forgot
trying to locate EETT grants in the CCIP....they changed the web site!!
My cousin works in my dermatologist's office & I showed her my spot at a wedding last week & she looked really worried o_0
Don't rely on methods that keep you ineffective. De-program and re-program yourself to win.
(sound of me sipping my session-saving pumpkin flavored coffee)
Bruh May finna be a scary month
ya I'll give you give the credit. Have to live up to my role
u gonna have to share that pizza lol
You may not hear this enough thank you from the #BBN we hope and wish the best for you and your
AND PAUL AIN'T GOT NOTHIN ON ME .
dont forget about are date today (: haha
GET YOUR LIFE TOGETHER TOO STRAWBERRY
If its in the field tonight, better get it picked. Clearing chilies all day...
It's all good son
Vis art class is boring
im allabout i give the rest of the vowels back
Its wednesday! Great cause it a short day for school :)
Hot sausage poboy, pig feet, and praline cake... smh! Hello Nola!!!!
From Kentucky with LOVE !!!! You are the Best !!! Merry Christmas !!!
sure, followed. Follow back please.
Ardie was quiet and just out there on his own. It would have been neat to connect more with him.
Not sure who the bigger train wreck is. ??? #LindsayLohan or the
hehe, changed my username to LastNameMahone(: LIKE IT?
Until I remembered Iceland Food existed... I was pretty sure Stacey Soloman was the Brand Ambassador for the country.
Please excuse the frog-like delivery today. Been fighting this virus/bug all week
Let's go PAC-ERS.
is this about who I think its about...
good luck! miss ya tons cats thrusday?
they think hm maybe if i unfollower her good looks will rub off on me!;) BUT THEYRE WRONG THESE BITCHES!ur beauts<3 x
Okay WORLD I've managed to stumble out of bed and half-way put some pants on. What more do you want from me?
Yeeesh: RT One of my #badhabits are bitting my nails. I should really stop that.
You laugh at me because I am different, but I laugh at you because you are all the same.
Good morning and Happy Friday! Any big plans for this sunny day?
c'mon, what writer is this?
Thanks! RT The shelving of your podcast is very upsetting. For over 4 years I have caught every single episode and will miss it!
" LOOK! ..WTF was that!", "What?" *steals french fry*, " oh. nah never mind" lol yo ago eso
If he can steal bases like he steals tweets they should just let him play.
Jeez, I hear it's hailing in some places but in Huntley it's absolutely gorgeous!! :D
What the hell, Tuesday is "Double High Roller" night on Merge? They offer 2x $215 30ks that launch simultaneously. Sick
That's the way of the internet writer, no? Snark or go home!
tough night for the 3-man crew at Boston Garden.
Haha, yeah he was. That was very cool to see. He couldn't contain his excitement
that is the Core of Being a part of this MULTI-deminsional (Spiritual) Human Experience @ this point in Time. Ride the wave, be a part of IT
My daughter has discovered online gaming. She wants money for pixie diamonds.
I fear America wants to consume the 'swag' of black entertainers without having to confront their corporeal reality.
V.2 website update completed for www.ContraAlliance.com
I like your dress !
Watching the Soulfood series .
Slovenia and Austria clash over name of pork sausage; EU to rule - Washington Post
Just woke up from a long nap
Thats awesome. What song did you sing afterwards. Did you know about it.
It's my last production Monday at
Hey Katz. Hope everyone in the Buttons family made it through the storms. Keith
Agreed. But he needs to rebuild confidence to get back to where he was at beginning of last season. RT isn't that what...
crazy to think that all the ppl i met up here. i prob. wont see more than half of them again in my life
Hi Lauren, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand & connect with users. Follow 2 DM?
I hate to say this, but I can't freakin' stand Unity and am switching back to Gnome. Or, more specifically, switching to Gnome3.
Just followed Hilary Rosen and Ann Romney. Not sure what that says about me. Maybe the dumbasses at could let me know.
Today marks the first time that I've heard a person fart over the telephone. Hopefully it doesn't happen again.
My friend says to me, "I am not paranoid" and in the same breath asked, "Is that guy over there following me?" OMG!
Ha, something is wrong with you. RT : their dumb ass need to find a route without left turns
It's hot!
that's a good look homie.. u still chyning Puto! Congrats!
Still haven't found the perfect Mother's Day present? Take advantage of our Mom's Day giftcard bonus!!! Get 15% MORE!!
I'm determined to stay on track as you push to reach more success! :)
no problem!
and rightly so. You only get 10 for your lifetime. Use them wisely.
... and Rondo has the benefit of one extra game. Still a crazy number to look at
I lalala love him 
Check out my website!!
Taking it easy...Tweet! ;-)
Tomorrow on #TranceParadise we have a special Chicago pre-party ep! We will feature live guest mixes from and !!
What's a good time to catch Steve or Teressa? I have been informed they may like the idea of a weather shout-out from Sydney. :)
I so agree with you. We won two titles with Tito! I will always support him
in the cut, rollin doobies up.
Great to finally meet you !!
That awkward moment when a girl says something like "Just say you have a crush on me" so I don't respond cuz I dnt like her o.o
What about the figure of the Oriental in the classic chess-playing automaton in relation to the mechanization of mind?
thrilled to learn you are enjoying yourselves. Please lest us know if we can do anything.
Shoutie to and Hello, people I've never met :D
Hey , I'm wondering if you were a fortune cookie writer in a previous life. You've got a gift for summation.
#notafan of ex-wives
All-white remake of "Waiting to Exhale," y/y?
dude! Phones are so dirty! 18x dirtier than a public restroom toilet handle. And you can't clean them with liquid or chemicals!
The best is yet to come...
Heyo!! Going to be in NYC in the morning for #nyfw !! Hope to see all my amazing friends.
#AIMSTech12 learning is natural. We shouldn't need 2 use coercive methods 2 get stdnts 2 learn. If u r, you're doing it wrong.
follow back
holy smokes You're not kiddin'
It was my pleasure!
ass the election nears the racist bigots and hate mongers start to show their ugly faces...
I don't think AJ playing will have a huge effect on Daniels, who's an over the middle receiver. Daniels over Hernandez 4 me
It's gonna be a long day.
Let's go to ! RT I am now HUNGRY FOR PIZZA (all caps intentional).
how long are you going vegan? i have some amazing recipes if you need 'em! was vegan for years
Apparently in North Carolina it's okay for first cousins to marry but same sex marriage isn't okay? Yeah, that definitely makes sense.
And I'm not even moving 2 miles...good luck getting to a completely different part of the country!
Omg already tearing up at Greys 😰
You love sitting on what??
Ooh well im like fuck it!
I love you...so much...
Good Morning World!!! Currently at 8:08am on Atlanta, GA it is 61 degrees. High: 70* Low: 50*
Done bro, ya tweets is real doe! And follow 4 follow ?
Making a messy bun with straight hair is hard!
Had an aha moment during Reaching Forward yesterday. Will be creating a Wikipedia page for my library.
Hope you have a great Monday!
#KCM is great this month, as always!!!
Today we are across from Color Graphics- Sunset and Arville! 10 am until 2 pm
Collaborating with Ken Riopelle, Wayne State, doing network analysis of medical research articles based on similarity of semantic networks.
So laughing right now! Exactly.
I can sell you Lock money too
I should make a new twitter account dedicated entirely to my super-late night tweets.
all the time!
I have many gay male friends and I know how catty they can get. Worse than most of the women I know.
“Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” - John Wooden
Getting started at bookclub talking about how to make change when change is hard.
Teaching CS: WVU pedagogues found surprising reluctance among other faculty to use their modules!
Driving home.. cruise control on, legs crisscrossed, now tweeting hahahah
FINALLY found another pair of long skinny jeans!
Jack in the Box!
Tryna fight this nap but I'm not winning...
#funfact Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world combined.
#kids Get up and Go at Westfield West Covina with Free Westfield Family Fun Days for Toddlers and Now Kids 6 & Up: Get up and Go at...
Twas a fun one though😉RT : Aaaaannnd we're coming to a screeching halt before we're back in line again... :/
I have lol
quick quiz to check if you or a loved one has an eating disorder
the 22 magnum is legally classified as an addictive substance I'm pretty sure... ;)
I worked hard to be in the position im in right now, this shit didnt come from luck.
Damm I missed it?
Love my tard. <3 miles away and he can make my day soo much better.
Growing fan base >>> makes the game SO live!
well we are #BOSSES #WINNING! #foreveralone hahaha!!
I need to find a restaurant that can hold 40 people for this Saturday night in Virginia Beach ASAP - if you know of a place, please help!
Trying to figure out the crazy highways in the DC area.
I love foreigners man 👌
just kidding! Sorry rachael!
Join us tomorrow in LOT 13 before the Chivas USA vs Vancouver game for food, GREEN BEER and JELLO SHOTS. Alcohol is for 21 and over only!
Good morning, people of Twitter.
Happy New Year , everyone (: 2012 <3
RT : RT : A4 fish-out-of-water syndrome: hard to change habits
Our baby daughter is now 11 days old, mommy, baby and daddy fine :)
It's hammer time!
Aurum Studios in a few... working on this Compilation Album
I need some followers I will follow back......
#What2ChainzWouldSay 2Chainz, got my guap up, fuck with me you get chopped up, fucked your girl she knocked up, pass the keys, STOCK-TON !!
I did mine at blogspot.com but have not done much to it yet. Been trying to figure out where to start
I was sure the old fellow would never make it to the other side of the curb when I struck him.
Time waiting doesn't have to be time wasted. Abraham, Moses, Joseph they all waited & God used them greatly!
Amanda Knox is not guilty of murder
no?! Wait maybe. Kind of. Hahah
Thanks for following!
-then again, ive changed. none of us are the same ppl we were a few months ago. *sniffs* i guess thats just hitting me more
Albert Brooks as villain in Drive is jolting when you primary know him as Nemo's dad.
ok I'll take ur word for it
Here we go again. If Obama or his camp said something akin to the Bachmann's "tar baby" comment the faux rage would never end.
Perfect patio weather! "For Tonight and Saturday - starting at 5 PM Blue Canyon's Patio Bar is open!"
on the 950: Floyd Landis owes listeneers an apology and an explanation as to why he lied thru his teeth and why anyone should believe him
DEAR MONEY, I love u!
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ A witty saying proves nothing.
Yea! #200km for me too. See you on the road.
hear hear!
(con't) the order I didn't place or if whoever has my account randomly bought something else & didn't cancel it...
can't wait to see you again on #DWTS and hope you stay longer and hopefully even win this season :D
you're welcome
and she gives me all her trust and im abusing it right now but this money coming in is just confusing shit right now
The English believe a spider found in a wedding dress means good luck. Really?
I might be there in a couple days ;)
ahaaaha! remember the asian guy who was following you around The dubai mall=))? maganda maganda
thanks for the RT!
Latest results from Friday night: Mike now ahead 2,384! #seamayor ^ec
I wonder who on the phone ? 📱
...and there's the arthritis pain....luckily, one hr to go...
This is just a fling. MAKORRA SHALL SURVIVE
Hey Matt - are you going to WCUL convention in a couple weeks?
WELL WHAT'S YOUR PLANS
Hey guys! What shows are you looking forward to seeing this summer?
"Paradise by the Dashboard Light"? Really, #Glee? REALLY?? Holy "inappropriate-for-show-choir-competition" song, Batman....!!
HAAARRIBLE headache... Can not sleep. Planet earth is not helping.
I think the apartment complex next to mine has a vancancy; it has all those things
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing momma!! I couldn't possibly ask for a more kind, loving, and wise mother. I love you!!!
Looks like ball game. threw a bad ball. Great game for him, until that pass.
I love this! Thank you! I do poetry pairings on my blog on Thursdays. Would you mind if I posted this and linked to you?
Snowing in March...again!
I seriously doubt that with Norris going tonight & Happ tomorrow. GK today, JL tomorrow.
"Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times mor
Haha. We're glad. And can't wait until others follow your lead and do the same!
that's exactly what I thought lol
I assume from that screencap that #Plus allows you to segment your dawgs into Epic Bros, Brohams, Jabronis, and Bromosexuals.
that's what's up
Post your recital info @ http:www.morethanyouthought.com so COCA can share it in an e-mail to almost 4000...
That acceptance speech rocked Dave!
Florida is awful it's only natural their roosters are unhappy.
like, dis be the best thing that has evar happend to me on youtube!
plan on it! Still trying to get my wireless figured out, but that's not going to stop me!
#SAFE starts 4/27. For local theatres & showtimes text SAFE & your ZIP CODE to 43549. No charge to text Msg & data rates may apply.
Still reeling from the Tom Gabel is now Lauren Grace announcement. Totally rad, just from nowhere.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
+1 RT : I'm not sure what crossing the line on Twitter is, but I think Deion Sanders just did it.
Thanks everyone for the awesome bday wishes from Tuesday!
wow that was really embarrassing, i chalk it tho. i reset my alarm to noon and i huad cincy
Those are great! So much fun for kids!
Labor day party in an hour. Can't wait!
Happy Valentine's Day!
About To Do Some Homework #Bbl (:
AACC tonight in the SAC Ballroom as actor Brian White speaks on navigating the business of success!"
might do pbox I'll let you know later :)
Ok Beckett... bout time...
NICKY MY BOII!!!!
Samaki Walker could work too...we should all thank him cause if he was half way decent maybe no Dirk.
Thank you Gadsden Alabama for a lovely weekend!! Had so much fun.. Simply can't wait to do it all again this October!!
AH! Welcome to the Twitter!
Just got off the treadmill and checked the mail and got excited about camel coupons ... Im ridiculous
