I love to feed the hungry. So cum here and eat my juicy pussy! Then u can feed me too
#linkedin seems to go down a lot more than it used to. Wonder what is going on?
After helping and her husband move into their new house yesterday, back to the grindstone. @ work until 6
Did it immediately turn into gold?
I've been to much of a couch potato haha
New is off the crazy. Props due.
I Love Louis :3
Looking forward to working with you guys!!
Well said by J.Williams first NBA final w/o Kobe, Shaq or Timmy since 1998
WTG provides $2515 per student, while WHEG gives just $916-2162 and runs out yearly
Does anyone know if Whitney Houston is performing at the Oscars tonight?
But I rather go to walmart to play in the store lol
Fuck cats, them creepy shits RT : ill kick u back RT RT I hate cats.. Don't feel bad if I kick yours.
haha like duh we are soo cool! like i wissh i had a cool reward or sumthinnnn lol =p
Get #VIP (bottle service in a private section all night) BOOK EARLY FOR BEST PRICING! Text 414.335.9569 for reservations :)
he's absolutely beautiful!! Very much looking forward to his future trip to the office:) Happy Thanksgiving!
Perlstein: Is Obama's &quot;religion of Secular Humanism&quot; this election's viral RW ... - AMERICAblog (blog)
Ever noticed, that if you look through 3D glasses backwards, the movie screen is green? C:
I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be. it's even harder to picture, that you're not here next to me.
When my home is cluttered I know it's a reflection of my state of mind so it's important 4 me to keep it neat and organized.
working on my independent study today. Got like 20 more pages of that to go. Ugh! Sup with you?
too bad the angels in america opera is so bad...
Having to drive to class <<<<<<<
Team Stab Plus is our top fundraising Team so far having already raised $5,985. Thank you to all of our participants for their help!!!
How did those two end up working together?
Thanks, Cara! Very glad to be connected!
u ready?
Not only was I denied but a mole tells me they're cutting off the medieval line, calling a failed search, & switiching it to a DH job
Measure your life in love!
My tits >
S/O to my new follower. ^Follow him Dm me for my music
It's not who you know it's who you blow.
Just finished a solid workout with
changing my twins' nicknames from "Fei Xiaotong" and "Chewbacca" to "Cockroach Heaven" and "Underbed Storage".
I expect reception to stay the way it is now in NorVa.
RT Well I certainly look forward to tomorrow, cookies and corruption (me too, yum!)
Well, it's #orioles, so "realistic" is different for them from others. Duquette's on clock to make his mark.
Walking out to go get food, now I'm changing my tire, fun times
Just.not.right
right on bruh
oh, no. Next time!
Welcome! Enjoy your visit. :) RT : Touring university of Wisconsin-River Falls today! :)
Prof. Ulrich Hardt wins 2012 #OBA Walt Morey Young Readers Literary Legacy Award (h/t )
completed Legs and Back X!
hurry over we have like a hour and a half
may e they thought they won when the Recall moved forward? More space for the Garden Mkt in a few weeks!
way you doing man?
Getting ready for the ride to Quantico for the Run to Register 10k.
#Summerfest lineup is looking awesome, as usual. I can't wait for summer.
OMG That coffee mug has a green arm in it!
Tennessee is replacing Kentucky as the team getting owned on everyone's highlights.
I havent been here since forever.
With 3 blogs, 2 websites and a podcast, one has to keep at it for sure. Never dull. Gotten great tips from you!
you have some real pearls on your twitter feed, I have to say...
We're half way there to 200 followers to start our very first contest. Can you guys help us get there? :)
Oy. Brits blah blah blah Brits. :)
Headed to cedar point in the morning for the weekend... I am STILL up and has NOTHING ready!!! smh
saw 2 cars crash in a ditch or pothole.
Now I know how Jacoby feels when it comes to the 1560 broadcast. I can't get no reception.
we had to google it lol
It’s my last day in Green Bay. I’m sad it has to come to an end, but it’s been a splendid time! Stay tuned for photos of my adventures.
Night and God Bless! :)
I had the opportunity to play Bandon Preserve recently. It's stunning. Pre-review coming soon...
:( ugh drama makes me wanna go stuff my face In a pillow and scream!
"i think she hates me deep down, i know she does, she wants to erase me"
New Low for me - Its 1am, I've got 2 late projects, I'm out of caffeine and I'm eating jello w/ a giant salad fork.
:) LJE: We are faster for Java, Mr Blue...
Nissan to pull Infiniti production out of Japan to counter strong yen The high Japanese yen will prompt Nissan Motor Co. to shift product
Very true. I know how this goes with art stuff. "Here's 40 things I made for you." Crickets...
68: I don't think we've ever talked but you seem nice!(:
Paul Lemberg just did presentaton at Jeff Walkers' event on business building....excellent!
Watching in the Horizon League Tourney. Had two people ask me if I was her brother.
Just chillin at home again. When u work so much there really isn't any energy left at the end of the day
Well, I'm signed up for Rock n Sole. Bedtime.
If you're a global company, you should probably be using the metric system... Actually, use it even when you're local.
Bristol was named after the Connecticut suburb ESPN is located at. Ms. Palin always wanted to be an ESPN sports anchor.
Get me Novak in the game already,Jr need to get on the bench right now
I'm a slut, not a tease.
lazy sunday is a great day for sleeping..
Thanks for the rec; I'll request that book. Will share photos of coop progress (if we even go through with this chicken thing!).
When will realize that is 1000x better than ? 9 months, and still looking for a good morning show in Tampa!
8-0 run to get here...come on baby let's finish this! #OKC!
fast and short? Sounds about right ;)
My client was one of 17 offers on a house. Every seller should be so lucky!
Love to watch the donks fall....
A big FUCK YOU to the LA MTA for awarding the rail car contract to the Japs! It WOULD have been my biggest contract ever.
oh ok thanks again:)
Can you spell "ridiculous", boys and girls? A kid w/no education and a stage mom isn't going to get far.
VERY good night!
What gives someone the right to say mean things about someone else? Make someone's day don't break their day
When does that HMBWT tour start this year?
Didn't you get the memo, we are a Christian country. I myself was left off the memo list.
heeeyyyy! You likes that. Come on, you can't deny that.
a good reminder for a working mom of a 2-year old. Thanks! Love the saying "Be Here Now, Be Now Here,' very appropriate for today.
It's tough being us! Hope you're well need to catch up soon
too much hands, not enough head movement....I don't like a girl biting me either
tune in for top hits now
Just like Yoda said..."Do or Do Not, there is no try" ... ok back to ur regularly scheduled dosage of star wars douche baggery
thats wat i said lol. Put at top of ur list so in 3 years & u decide to sudenly read manga for a few days then stop, ull b ready
Does that mean people catch headlines on Twitter, or click through Twitter for news source? Dif. between "via" and "by" ;)
I in tight wit Sosa#Tony#
after all that you posted, I'm sad! I really was looking forward to Tron. It disappoints me that the new movie is that bad!
I suck at spelling
Happy Mother's Day everyone! Don't forget to call mom if you can! (Ahem please call your mother!)
Condeeleza Rice denied the possibility of running as a VP meaning Mitt Romney can't use the campaign slogan Mormon with a side of Rice
is there something/somebody turning your head upside down or are you in Asia?
Can't believe Shane is dead!
Coco already packed
That girl that you keep hurting , yet she still cares for you? Uh yea, I'm no longer that girl ..
Thanks to for pointing out it's actually 36 away from 31K. I apparently should put my glasses on. Sorry guys.
Re-reading The Hunger Games to prepare for the movie...STILL can't put it down.
So excited to be able to give out another scholarship this year! We'll announce this year's winner next week.
#MXpresidentialDebate. Interesting, each candidate seems to have their own sign language interpreter
Our paper conservators are relining a giant family tree today. Photos to follow.
so good seeing you at the hh tonight. Have a great weekend!
Dear Mr Horsewood Nay Nay Never want to see you again EVERYONE
Appreciate it, Coach! Miss yall! Hope to join you for some golf in a few months!
thanks for the #FF Cheers!
Hahaha! RT “: I want to start an all-girl band.”
oh okay. well we can just talk on here :)
With the right attitude, human beings can move mountains. W/ the wrong attitude, they can be crushed by the smallest grain of sand. ~J Rohn
how about drummers you a-hole!
We love hometown rock stars! You guys are great! thanks for having us over at today!
2 dwn 2 more to go ugh cnt wait for the day to end
Steve Bell: everyone on team is responsible for metrics. Empower everyone - not just the CMO.
thanks love :)
Swag Surfin is one of the WORST songs ever made, I swear!!! Uggg
I can be in my office by 1pm. Is that good for you?
Uh you piss me off!
I've followed my instinct, trusted my support network and taken a risk. This week is all about embracing #change!
Contact Danielle Statler, in Career Services, she has taken over the Web area
Watching #ExtremeRulesWrestling at Buffalo Wildwings in a few hours. Wheee!
I'm holding out for the smack off. Wheelz out!
Half of US College Grads Under- or Unemployed - The Mark
If you're a real girlfriend you get jealous...
Im in the mood for some skittles right now 💚
My last retweet on point.
A5: grab attention now because they are new, will fade if they don't add value...which they don't.
watchin rise of the planet of the apes, text me niggaz hahaha
Name one athlete who succeeded at the highest level without a coach.... we all need a coach, mentor, leader in our work!
Saw Outside of Breaking Dawn set! They waved at us:) Awesome dayy!!!!!
Trojan 2 Go Her Pleasure............www.kandizone.com
K night.
he probably would have no problem blowing you away. Seems the type
The heat loseing this game
C u all then! RT Hey folks, looks like our time is up! Thank you. Our next #canningchat will be Tues 6/12!
I'm so excited about filming our finale scene tonight for "I Am... Gabriel" the movie!
We have a new server ready - vpn-vn5 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
Maybe San Francisco can pass a law defining marriage as between a man and a man, or between a woman and a woman.
North Carolina delivers a huge victory for homogeneous acceptance.
yes I did buy a house for when I'm in NY
cheering on the better team has nothing to do with !
happy New year to u... Life is great. : )
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
What a beautiful fall day in Wisconsin. #GOpackGO #Brewtober #beastmode --
do it!
in an attempt at preventing ALL (ahem, ) of my friends from becoming Cat Ladies, pls re-eval the "my first cat" tweet
wht up?! Oh an u know tht person who said someone was crushin on u.... well tht was me :-)
GL Man!
You're such a slut! It gets me aggravated 
Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.
Helped a student research alter egos in hip-hop. Read a scholarly article about MF Doom.
I Been Outchea In These Streets & I Done Learned
Or even much tv criticism. I just mean I agree with your wanting to quit the weekly #Luck roundup.
I think that Jews and Arabs may live together. It is not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
used to steal your parents liquor and climb to the roof, talk about our future like we had a clue.
MADONNA. GIVE ME ALL YOUR LUVIN. Feat: nicki minaj;o) love this song. She sang it @ the super bowl;o)
If you got it flaunt it :)
Eggs Benedict galore at Lottie's Lounge today! Come in and get hollandazed!
Me too! This one was particularly scrappy and adorable.
11:11 i wish for to follow us<3
Some type of vaginal cream makes your hair grow faster if you put it on your head. Uh, no thanks.
you bet. Cool graphic. Friends don't let friends leap blindly into graphics...
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness, and fears. - Glenn Clark
Happy Birthday
Someone Rescue Deez Niggaz.... Seriously, Its Abouta Get Ugly...
Ace Ventura Pet Detective is on
My grandma just cancelled our plans because she got a better offer? Really?
Those moments when your not mad at anyone, just too stressed so you want to escape and be alone for a day.
The walls were covered with comic murals and they sold souvenirs. My father said they had the best burgers in the world.
Not fair, I plan on doing that in about 4 hours.
Harrisburg trip is in Oct. Let's meet for my Centralia PA trip July 7 or 8?
If you are a grown woman(my over 35 crowd)for heaven sakes you are a grown effing woman. Please think about the walk of shame for tomorrow.
Used to ride little buses. I didn't fux wit my teachers, they didn't fux me neither. 15, getting high off reefer.
Ask He no longer has toe nails on his big toes from losing them running and mt climbing.
to happy drunks!!! Haha
At least I don't have to worry about getting a car wash for the next week
I know the news industry. ;) What sounds better? Police told him to leave or he dashed off for a radio interview right after.
I fell in love with Crystal when I read that article, too!!
You read my mind.
Make it nasty make it nasty
I am what I am, and I ain't what I ain't.
Impressed with notification. Valuable, well-done.
u cant tweet anymore
sorry! And yeah for sure dude!
I wonder where that "Mission Accomplished" banner is. Someone should totally dig that out.
pens in 7
phew got that out. I'm just hungry and everything out here is closed :-/
so exited for the album release! You were great at #sxsw!
Very excited don't know about but maybe if you're lucky! x
"People fear what they don't understand and hate what they can't conquer, guess that just the theory of man"....NAS
The first paragraph alone of 's book is enough to justify my buying it.
the #ShipsInTheNight video is amazing! And your wifey is so beautiful!
Even if it's slow or fast, it's still positive results and progression.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
"Good morning Baltimore! Every day's like an open door."
sign up a bit before 9 pm. Thanks!
if you had the power to change your life. . . would you?
Work hard to accomplish your DREAM, then give back to your family, friends, community and enemies. Be different and do whats unexpected!
I'll take it. Time for Hernandez to regress to the mean!
Kobe is going to take so many shots tomorrow night.
Is there a way you can take a pic of the Spurs poster given out at tonight's game?
Yes! : A3) Look for ways to present academic accomplishments in a way that shows your transferable skills #internpro”
I have so much left to say to you...
Who higher than a kite right now?
i completely forgot that good look!
If You mad Cuz Mayweather Won, Kill Yaself lmfao. just Congratulate And Keep It moving. If Not, Oh Well Lmfao
Good girls love a #badboy so S/O to
Boston teacher sharing his story. Says under attack even though they have the best test scores.
ONE WORD TUESDAY! Sum up your thoughts or how you're feeling with one word! Ready Set Go...
Settin standards in my City
Our installation team is so good at installing Vivotek IP Cameras. They remind me of the Maytag Repain Man.
You're welcome! Have a fabulous day yourself! :)
SOFT GOAL... Zannon was in the way. Hope this wakes the #Bruins up
Great lunch with girlfriends
I hope someday call me to be in the glee project , my number is 1149273559;)
We need to do a Shooks/PT/So Adult HMS showcase one of these days!
Estes Kefauver beat Truman in 52 in the NH Primary
The Suns are still great rivals in my mind, but its (and they are) not the same w/out Stoudemire. Miss the ol' shootout days, just a little
thanks guys!
I love heart to heart to talks 😊
Looking forward to hear more. RT : Gearing up for mobile panel at #wommu featuring &
You nailed it.
is currently writing me a rap
are you aloud to sleepover tonight ?
Brandon Weedon is older than LeBron James, Aaron Rodgers, and Sidney Crosby.
When u r courting a nice girl an hour seems like a 2nd. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a 2nd seems like an hour. That's relativity.
adorbs as usual. :)
has a River City badge? How awesome is that?!
officially plays with dolls.
a resolution for 2012!
I total agree. So yummy
DAMN, YOU DID IT AGAIN...WELL DONE BASED GOD'S FATHER!
i thought it was amazing♥ i cryed when i saw you! i was screaming so much! i wanted to meet you guys so BAD, but i didnt ):
: Did someone say 'brunch'?
Why are they playing the commercial from my work on TV again? #GrandmaIscoredmyfirstgoaltoday!
Any update on the Rice University students arrested for having guns on campus?
GOT TICKETS? 2 days away from some good ole music; The MANHATTANS live ! May 5th. GET TICKETS 412-431-0773. Groups welcomed!
i feel like a crazy person today! I have already emailed myself something instead of whoever it was suppose to go to
lol I am now :P
what happened to sophie 103.7?
We will be doing a special episode of Untorn.Net tonight. We are in Ottawa, I'm scheduled to speak at 8pm with a virtual small group after
today is like any other. Happy Others Day!
just wondering nigga
jarius, picture me and you at a dance club! Go go go go go go go go. All the girl screaming. Go jarius, go go. Go alfred, go go
SHUT UP! I know how feel, Gelare! It's really sad when they leave! :-(
n I love the hotel that ESPN Sports Science n put us up at!
Oaa winter term starts tomorrow, Monday, Nov. 28. See you there!
I just can't get on board with a team that doesn't have Josh Rupe in spring camp.
#iwastired #righttosnatch plus it was a really
Such a genius! But why are they trapped in that cage thing, in the first place? :(
#AskAlexConstancio Yankees or Boston Red Sox? (;
I yearn for the Tebow Bronco days.
buying a cat is like buying a roommate that hates u
<Got damn u fine
this type of joke can be considered sexual harassment if it makes some people uncomfortable. Not appropriate for work.
God watching the this season is painful.
why so?
I'm contemplating whether I should pass my CD's out at the mall.
record breaking bad news? I hope and pray everything is ok.
nuthin much...jus living..how u been
Making vendors feel like partners leads to better communication, greater trust, loyalty and innovation.
Hey RockStar ^DS!:D Thx 4 the follow. I'm following back. You know it ~ Elevate Others & Inspire Greatness! I dig it!
*blushes thanks! if only I had time to keep doing it. My fave is the guitar guy cause its ginormous, u cant tell but it is.Haha
Congrats to the USF grads today! Bring your books to BookHolders to get the most $ for the last of your books! Open until 10pm!
make sure he does this dishes. i know he is good at that! RT Dinner with at his new apartment in mke!
It's a Day for Meta House! meets the needs of women and their children, ending the generational cycle of substance abuse.
RT : RT Fact: Dirty Dancing is to women as Road House is to men. #swayze || Nobody puts Sam Elliott in the corner!
Aw shit just got comcast hi speed internet in my Vegas castle. The break is over I'm bak promo hard !!!!
omg! i totally forgot! you wanna go babe? :D
lol where the other chicks at?~
#Lakers for the win!
Ok. Good. I thought it was public knowledge.
No, we'll run all the way down High though, starting at lane Ave.
Just downloaded Reeder to my iPhone per 's suggestions.
make Me one too<3 :D
The rain and hail is coming down fast and hard in Broad Ripple this moment.
What in the name of gravy??
I don't think I want to know.
wondering what christmas cookie recipe I should try ... anyone have a favorite?
Bout to whoop this 8 hour shifts ass
Hi my name is and I have pictures of random girls with soap in their mouths on my old phonee.
I was just told I look tired - might have to fill up on
What a fantastic event!! Over 50 people showed up to learn how to make curry's, chillies, all using the simple and fantastic JetBoil...
Let this bitch not have my change 2marrow
double double with cheese and a choc shake please
While there were a couple beers had last night, today is mostly about not going to sleep last night.
You're a star, cuz. A STAR.
Could ABC PLEASE get the weather mapp off the Bulls basket? Ridiculous.
When we said we were pumped for 1-2, we meant FEET!
Astrologically, I vote for #Rangers win.
Directors can't be in shows and you need to have taken Directing class or be currently in it- sorry all you Actor-Director hopefuls!
#BreakingNews from #Tornado Warning for Bartholomew & Brown Counties until 3:45 PM
what part? I'm out in the western part on the Ohio river...owensboro
cant wate to see you . I be wach . And a fan of yours
At the Clairemont town council candidates forum this evening. Come get to know Lori a little better.
Beautiful day to come and have dinner on our patio!
Stoked for April 21st?!
Cena vs. The Rock
Yeah, but people should be at council meetings, BOE meetings, etc. Voting once every four years isn't enough for this place.
So I'm still laying in my room waiting to go into surgery, but I'm getting hungry because I haven't eaten since midnight. Grrr
Really hoping comes to Birdie tonight!!
why can't i have a Cory and Topanga relationship
Those people who will always know how to make you smile >>>
Never thought I'd say "hope the hotel has AMC" Glad I can watch season finale tonight from the road!
pepperoni yes olive loaf HELLS TO THE NO
The creator and the editors decided. RT : Who the fuck decided it was okay to black out wikipedia?!
Well won our kickball league. I definitely did not make quite adequate or frequent enough use of the discount double check though.
happy birthday ma dude spark one
Lmao! Well played ;)
Who wants a brand new laptop???? Check out dealshow.com right now for a great
I donated, not much, but hope it helps!
Keep your vehicle shifting smoothly. We'll check and top off your vehicle's transmission fluid with our premium oil service change.
A couple hours on Saturdays does not a Dream Pursuer make.
Saved by the bell on Netflix 👍
#notapothole but at 4th and Lst NE we have a long bump in the pavement. Trucks going over make hellava racket. Can u fix that?
I just don't think he'd come back to play if he didn't think he could actually produce.
ok. It is for a class I am taking on comparative higher Ed. I need to compare the two institutions.
happy sunday to all my friends and followers here... lazy day here as Kathy
hehe..yes, promise not some weirdo. just a story that will bless u 1000times over. And i don't just say things like that:)
Gotti. i'm gonna keep it swingin till the day they come and lock me up! Lol.
Y Dystopias? because i like watching characters try to break out of the mental prisons that most dystopian societies present
Awesome People That My New followers<3 thank you guyss<33 :D
encouraging. Star line didn't due justice. Velocity being up was great to see. Just looked better on the eye test
so glad to be connected with you. Love the great work you are doing. I'll be sure to try the massage next time i am in town.
What would Buffy do?
after giving full study, I'd be good with Thompson. Want to like Branch b/c of the way he looks, but didn't see production.
Wishin' I was a senior and got out of school next week.
Dad and his computer problems -_- lmao sorry about all that
Whomever is trying to bring you down is already below you
Aw. Okay just let me know if you need anything... (:
If you were in the teaching with the iPad session, PDF is now uploaded to conf. site.
who yu go w/ x Wat did yu do
Please tell me someone else remembers how Heath Evans' initial mock draft had the Jaguars taking Dwight Jones with the 7th overall pick
lol well I guess it's a good thing I didn't say anything
I've been trying to retweet you but Twitter won't let me. You got it blocked?
Gizelle is adorable!!!!
#boringwalls? get a #MIKELPATRIK and make them happy!
Hmm. Was expecting MARC formatting to be harder. Perhaps am cataloging genius?? Hurrah!
I won't be online for 2 days. sorry :( ♥
maybe my nigga
you should record your reaction for youtube! do it!
Inner Jammed approaching VA-7 with a stall in the right lane
Jessica has my vote!
did you see his tweet!? Okay i can't even imagine that like omg
One of my favorite movies
Aww thank you (:
YES. We shall do all those things in the nearish future :).
Tell me wat u wnt from mee n I will see if I can
If you still wana party when you leave beamers come party with us #nine72 after hrs right behind beamers
#honored Thanks so much for following us back!!
So Pitt is filing suit to leave in 2013 when they were going to get to do that anyway?
Hey there ya go!!!
Mandles - manly scented candles
The UX for the web-based version of is abysmal. So clunky and laggy.
is pretty freakin' cool social analytics tool! If only they provided # of "favorites" and "shares", I would love 'em forever!
My page got suspended but I'm back bitches. Did u miss me
can't win
I Know I'm Passionate. But What For? It's Hard To Find Your Flames Combustion When You Got Rain Pouring.-KillahSmilee
most exciting part of the #Cotto and #mayweather fight
Hey ...that is how it goes.
seriously omg hes so cute
Looks like it to me :-) I agree with the decision 100% though.
#fact Smelling (not eating) green apples and bananas help you to lose weight.
The Old Fashioned House Burger (No. 30) is cooked over a live fire and topped with hickory smoked bacon and a fresh egg...enough said
don't get stuck like Tim Thomas in that cab haha
Um, you've got it wrong...again. Was a cute little home along the way.
Don't ask me to re tweet if you don't rt me. SMH
Lincoln Navigator is still doing good, and will no doubt receive a high capacity EcoBoost engine to balance out the thirsty 5.0-liter V8
u LOVE bananas!
Enlightening discussion regarding piss poached eggs on
That sounds like a lot of fun! Always wanted to try!
No one cares bro go talk Athletics baseball
What you see depends on what you're looking for.
Wrapping up a shoot with The Voice-Tribune! Be sure to check out the next issue with Gumer's very own Jake and Stephanie Gumer!
#NowListening to The Stems =]
thats not far for me im in covina right now i can run over there
#yougetmajorpointsif you don't play me out, then keep talking like I've forgotten
are u back in the Chi?
listening to the music :)
RT : What time dose the party start ? Restaurant open at 11 but the specials and band start at five sharp!
Put $10 on the blackjack table for me.. :)
no, it is at 10! and no I didn't get the email..
WOOT! RT : Congrats Official winner of today's "Question of the Day"! She wins a $20 La Perla gift card!
I think after having numerous Heady Topper and plenty of Pliny, it's safe to say that Heady >>> Pliny. Plus I love the hop dredge in Heady.
Hi, Adina, thanks for following me
my tongue hurts :(
Just wanted to thank and Mass Media for the Jak and Daxter HD collection... Now we want Jak IV, MAKE IT HAPPEN!
Got extra LHS brochures back today from the printer! Into the portfolio they go! Soon I'll be receiving another book I laid out!
hey brooke!
Strange moments: When you meet your girlfriend's friend for the 1st time and you realize you've nailed her at a college party years before.
Well you're not here
Refreshed after morning yoga. Ready to start my day.
First Friday Gallery Walk tonight! The patio and annex will be hopping, the pizza will be hot and Bosco will provide great tunes!
is no fun on Sunday fundays.
I just picked up my tickets for tonight's show!!!
pls me back
#dearyoungself Don't start smoking. Also, boobies are a lot of fun.
The #BraunBomb was out FAST
This remix is crazy! --tweeted by SNiPER ()...YEA YEA FROM MEMPHIS 2 EUROPE
How #TheKardashians have influenced baby names. YUCK!!!! Full story in 5 minutes.
Big Freedia is in Madison on Saturday and Screaming Females on Friday? Rawk, then bounce.
Just submitted my first article proposals to a professional journal. *FINGERS CROSSED*
thank you
uploading one on soundcloud tonight
aw cute!
i am just in a terrible mood today. everything is pissing me off.
Attack of the Penises
Great question. We're looking for the ways slavery broke down. Early in the war, slaves ran to Confederate lines!
I had told her upfront. I guess she was just the shuffly kind :P
I am on a mission to visit every comic book store in the Abq metro area. What's your favorite place??
agreed on videos
Oh shit..Lakers going hard right now.
School...... -.- on the bright side it's a early Tuesday :)
Hey! We're doing great! Just working on album art, prepping for the new album release, and SXSW! How's it going in Paris? : )
Portland comic book show app is in the mail! We cant wait for Nov.!
#Sherlock ep 3 : But credits to the writers because everything from Arthur Conan Doyle is still intact. Maybe the flaw's in the original.
Sessions at #mobile2012 to include "iPads in the Science Classroom," "Collaboration in Hand" & "Using Apps in Literature Circles."
hey where have u been?
its funny how im texting/tweeting you at the same time :b
Evan Turner playing like he's wearing that Ohio State jersey
I still feel like weird in Korea.The only thing is that my cell phone is working well even in subway! Cool for New Yorkers all, isn't it?
Yeah, thanks.
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. ~Albert Einstein
I never recomend starting a RB against SF. and Bradshaw is not consistent enough. Go with Wells.
#Maguire, A Lion Among Men (Wicked Years v.3). As the series progresses, the characters become ever more compassless, the Lion most of all.
I didn't even realize I could write something directly to you.
this weather is so confusing.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANYTHING ABOUT LAST NIGHT!! YOU WILL BE PUNCHED IN YOUR FACE IF YOU SAY SOMETHING NEGATIVE ABOUT MY TEAM
Bean-cat is now actually coming to us for her kidney medicine. (I think she has figured out 2 treats immediately follow her dose.)
Going to crossfit will definately help your kickball game!
Everyday when I get a chance to ask my Mom how's was her day and helping her out in the kitchen
Who do you use for customized direct mail pieces like birthday cards aside from ?
RT : #Cleveland Heights cruises to an easy 69-46 win over #Glenville. Ten Tigers score, three w/11 or more.
We do uzzz.
Totally dressed like a lesbian today ... Ahh well ...
Truth! RT Listen to your intuition, God gave it to you for a reason.
I can see this is going to make a fun summer following all of UR bets! :)
Boo! Already back at the house I'm crashing at. Next time let me know and we will come prepared!
man I hope I have no beef with u no more, I just said sorry again. I shouldn't have disrespected u guys in the first place
Ready to get my hair twisted so all I can worry about is line ups
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Now is your time to SHINE --- sparkle eye liner is a great way to add holiday flair.
Gonna get carpal tunnel from the definitions I must do!
lol yes i fell asleep and realized shit i didnt finish my paper so i just finished it now >.< hows work
Sure, thanks for reaching out to help make things better in your neighborhood.
please follow ? for an early x mas present?
Its All About Wiring : RG-6 or RG-59. Home run or series/daisy chained. Your wiring will determine your next Hotel Television system.
Why thank you, I really appreciate the compliment :) #Seattle is a photogenic city!
Thanks Andy! I'll do my best to throw that out there.
post a status on Facebook n in 40 seconds he has over 6000 likes n comments. It takes me 7 hours to get one like lol
bwuahahaaaa!!! omg you're cracking me up today! i actually thought about starting a pocket company! ....
his eye is fine and he kept saying she hit me in the eye lol
That's why I don't get that move.
I know right! I would be very concerned if someones nipples just randomly ripped onstage. Ouch to the max.
On my way into the city. Seeing What To Expect When You're Expecting tonight!
O! beware, my lord, of jealousy; It is the green-eyed monster which doth mock The meat it feeds on. [Othello]
why are you in my closet?! hahah
I'll b Grapevine 2nite 10-2 w/ my good friend stop by and hang out. Show #3 out of 6 in 7 days-BH
ha, yes. It was a long day of shoveling snow and making sure deliveries were going to arrive.
just Disney; no Cal Adventure :)
I'd say I'd give him some of my winnings at the end of te season, but it's not a money league.
what's word? Did u get cleared
Hey Veda, enjoy your day, we are following back.
Hi susie, this is a great list of apps!
How is it that David Mims has reached superstar dark horse status, but we can't get any love for Allen or Stephenson?
I'm gonna miss these 7am cigarettes at 9000 feet.
you guys should follow me, it's my birthday, that would be the best
RT : Hey you should book Cadaver Dog. They'd be great at the Ex Hall or wherever you end up putting heavy bands
as well as his bio/publicity photo check your gmail inbox.let me know if you need a drop for your show.
Simmons hits the three for the #volunteers. 54-48
I'm just saying where was everybody when the grizz sucked?
I just sent that to R, so awesome!
needs to come to any state close to Kentucky. That'd make my life! <>
well, they are obviously my pets. Or they are electronic pool "animals" that the neighbor kids love. Either way they're tops!
1st day back. Bizarre, but not as depressing as I expected. It's good to love your job!
What is up with everyone getting ridiculously stupid tattoos? That's on you forever dumbass
What am I doing driving in Nigeria? With a stick shift no less!
I tried to put a bow in my hair... But my hair is just too curly for it to be seen :(
happy halloween.
Lady and the Tramp. Best disney classic. Besides Aristocats. Just sayin'
the nigga in motives was to damn green
Best PSA ever!!!
Am I allowed to say the word that starts with "S" and rhymes with Uperbowl? That Sunday, kitchen & bar will be open by 5...
Changes to traffic signals on Hiawatha and what it's going to cost at 10 on Fox9.
Michael, love to chat about Blue Box hosting & Chargify, if you are interested....
I read that as ''homeboy''. Looks like it. Or I'll come with and make balloon animals.
Ha,Ha, LOL! major news channels cut your BORING, LYING butt off!
yes :( u going?
Tell your team they playing like shit lol
Let's just give all of the Grammy trophies to Adele now...
watching "legally blonde II". *SIGH
I can build a castle from a single grain of sand. I can make a ship sail on dry land.
funny, mine is full of avocados
Dave Franco. So beautiful, dead forever.
All I have to say is Do yourself a favor and see what im talking about! Sukie do ya thang mama! Follow back!
Retweet if you love yourself!!!!
Frosting is my #1 favorite food. Diet Coke is
Middle-Class savior: Step 1- ignore the economy and pass an unfunded health care bill (smoking the numbers required).~D
Did you know? Cincinnati was the first city in the U.S. to publish greeting cards via Gibson Greeting Card Company in 1850...
Hey you want to talk records? 's is missing 70% of assembly sessions this year.
Uh, I thinkz ur emailz has been haxor'd. Just recieved spam from your email account. Might want to change that password...
do a amber rose cut it all off lol
Damn didn't expect for seniors to act like this.. GAME DAY!
thanx for following
im he eugene just to tell you buddy so you know ok
Attending Garry Golden's #DS11 presentation & learning how to plan library services for future patron need.
It's a weather phenomenon called fog, Heather. :P
it was an exercise. We had to build a URL shortener and we gave it the name Corto then found your site. Nothing else.
1st day of school manana for many.. Time for 4 on 1s then 1st practice week from Fri... Opening Day in a month!!
Enjoy the show?
As a annual reminder, We here at Sportshorn boycott ESPN. After the Mike Leach story you can never trust ESPN.
When most of your money comes from out of state, that's who you're beholden to. Not the people of
I try and naw #1970's haha and you better not
we still love you
#first40songsonshuffle 5) California King Bed-Rihanna
ooh, cool! Can't wait to see what you learn! (and how it can help me! :) )
<No problem!
well if there is a free iPad...
yay, glands! (and i don't say that to all the boys. ;) )
Avatar is my shit!
I'm liking it!
Congrats! You won our #MerchMonday lithograph!
What's your favorite tv theme song?
bout 40 min :) I'm hungry. Need popcorn.
I am preparing to launch my campaign to #sharethelove. Follow me to learn more.
lets go see it!((:
hey! hi! thanx for the fpllow
“: so fucking hungry, in need of some good ass food … don't judge me ” that you probably won't eat... Lmao
This is a true fan right here.
Lightbulbs are in­herently about function, not beauty
Jets News: Bold Jets trash modesty, swagger into spotlight
#np voodoo glow skulls. El coo cooi
I know. He read from THE GREAT NIGHT @ Folger last yr -scene w/Titania & Oberon w/son in children's cancer ward - overwhelmed.
I don't see anyone beating BSM.
One more day, everybody - get excited!!
thanks ! “: love your avi girl”
I said the same thing about Carol when I home last. I like how Lisa is not amused. Been a long time since I've been to Cashiers
Am I the only one in love with Max from Happy Endings?
RT : "If you've released an API having a social support structure around it is not optional" (via )
tells when Al Franken tells jokes he laughs whether he gets it or not because Sen Franken is sharp n quick
#MOVEMENT121 is a 90+10 company: 10% of your purchase and 90% of our profits go directly to those that are trapped in unfathomable
I thought I could stomach these scenes because RH is in them, but......... I. CAN'T.
i dont know why people smoke! its soo gross
As was his language so was his life.
i can always count on to retweet my best tweets
A blunt
lmao you got that right , misty what doent kill you makes you stronger
Those last 2 aren't serious if you couldn't tell. Someone took it real personal though. Just some twitter humor for you.
Officially done with my Monday and Wednesday class:)
all the good men are gay...
Mr.Morris has more stories then anyone I know lol☹
Dylan Collins <
thanks for the link....yet it doesnt seem to be up-to-date....only going as far back as Feb/2012! Looking for current?:-)
Getting ready for #PAX - this is going to be awesome!
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest~BAMM.
. Thanks for the follow - would love to learn more!
Two words I #HATE 1.Work 2.Monday
yep. I agree. Wonder what whole story is.....
Boys are stupid. Done.
Vendôme materials en route to you.
can't stop watching call to the warrior video fellas!!!
Man I gotta wake up early!
how are u awesome youtube channel subscribe to me at SJCOOL13
Mayor of a dr's office, #arc sucks 2 B hre so oftn U win ths badge, it cost me 7 vials of blood, damn vampires! LOL
Got alot on my mind : /
Oh there are. I took her to Spacca Napoli when she was 5 and she claimed she didn't like it, but she ate the whole pizza. :)
we love you right back!
Coming from the Midwest, that was the most noticeable earthquake I've felt in Williamsburg, VA
Wow. Going wireless mouse + keyboard on a Mac is nice.
The insurance that my job is paying for is coding me: not enrolled. Thus starts the journey through the red tape of
I am not a fan of hospital man.
but w the old crew reunited i was thinkin some retrorock might happen...
#overheardinbookbiz RT : "I'll take a pass, let me know when a werewolf comes by."
MOVERS: Monday's NOW FULL If you would like an appointment for your new place, we can do that within the week.
say word?
always talkin bout something positive #Salute I respect your vision and you grind homie❕❕❕❕
Thanks for the follow Scott - let us know if we can help you with funding!
cant sleep... editing
Just sittin and catching up on some emails .Also trying to get my Darn printer to work . any ideas on a Brother 240c two colors not printing
Just walk in the bedroom and do me right.
Awesome good luck lol": Just hired those three fired Secret Service dudes to help me find ladies yo. #PIMPIN"
No wonder why you're always late to class. Look at how much shit you put on your face. You resemble a clown.
5am, me and Kirby at it again. Ball handling, post work, and shooting on the agenda for today. Let's go!
ahhhgggg....award serimony at night so many hours for one award!!!!
LIZZIE FTW
T.G.I.F.! Head over to #Fridays for #HappyHour from 4-7pm for all the best food and drink #specials in town!
#funfact All of the energy concentrated in one gallon of gasoline is enough to charge an #iPhone once a day for almost 20 years.
Crap another bra broke, why does this always happen? Lol
Has anyone seen the British film "Will" about a boy and his love for Liverpool soccer? If so, is it good? Wish it were showing in the US.
first you have to cry us a river! hahah
Vroom: We can only know what the committee can do once it is formed.
Do it I dare ya!!
Lol! So true! : Hands Down.. Seinfeld is Lamest show on TV. EVER! (-_-)
Article: "Could Obama's stance on gay marriage hurt him in the election?" Well, the asshole demographic is hard to please anyway.
I WANT THOSE...but they don't come in my size :(
Grey, rainy mornings are hard enough - but waking up sick to your stomach just adds insult to injury...or injury to insult?
Spent an hour altering 's dress, just discovered that if I fail at life, I can always become a seamstress. Maybe, yes?
WWF working together - Save Tigers Now
It is impossible to sleep in a room that feels close to 100 degrees.
Brooks "Brad Nelson" Conrad
"I knew if I asked her.. She'd say yes.. So I asked her.. And she said yes" lol...acting partner where you been??
Ki-Jana used "moxie" referring to a non-McGloin. He could be expelled from the stadium for that.
well I cannot help you there sir.....my advice get a bee keeper suit #MosquitoesAreBigInMichigan I used to live there..
I saw the U SMILE video and I was the first one cuz one had commented or seen it, that means I'm ur #1 fan!! I love u!
Works great for me :) I'll be coming from Lake Oswego.. any ideas where to meet?
glad you enjoyed!
This game is getting out of hand!!!!
Future Brain Surgeon
Maybe she is in bad mood and just want the rain! Or she is waiting for some one! haha...
It's an eliza doolittle kind of morning.
Win a free mini-photo session from www.knowledgesafari.com - phx residents/recipients only
mine too :) (Jaime)
OK really you're going to be upset about our Whitney Houston comments? Too many people act like they new her... give us a break!
Tryin to decide what the 2nd keg should be for our charity poker game, for Breast Cancer. Rogue is hookin it up, so goin with Dead Guy and ?
“ Thurs I will be interviewing Ben Finch from !” Looking forward to it, for now back to the twins!
Anyone have recommendations for a local copier/printer service & leasing company?
I love your videos! Please follow me!!!!
I have honestly only had coffee once my whole life. I didn't like it.
I'll be damned if i be in my teens & be on double digit parteners already.
Your assumption is correct. Blast 140 chars! RT I will assume you ran out of characters to put [sic] after the word "polysci."
moms talking that shit this morning so I'm just riding around smoking
will be doin' that real soon...hoping to start a video series of new songs :)
10 serious games lessons- don't use word 'game', SG, edugame, simulation, don't let user get lost/frustrated, avoid negative training
To recap: vote for at #nycswmg - we make tracking your fitness as easy as sharing a photo online!
RT VERY EXCITED! Mile 19 brings some challenging rolling hills until the end, so try and hold back a bit in the first half.
Hm, thought we were done with winter.
looks cute in that golf outfit
First day of fall break and so far boring does anyone know any good songs I can listen to?
i found her!!
I fucking hate cutting the grass >;(
I wonder if skater/emo people think "that guy's a poser, his jeans aren't tight enough"
As heard at Kinetic "Come marvel at the technologies of yesterday!"
Things are selling fast at the #GarageSale! Come on out! All proceeds go to
+1 on Facebook RT : I wish all of my friends and family used Path so I could quit both Twitter and Facebook.
She never told us anything.
Woww , I ain't knoww all that.. he can get it ;)
Our friends will be releasing their NEWEST SINGLE early this Tuesday at 12pm on (Facebook.com/thebornready) Check it out! RT
“: You have 3 fingers behind your phone and your pinky under it for support, and you're scrolling with your thumb.” haha yes!
So the new "research" tool in Google drive is pretty awesome
Arts Management Announcement #228 out today.... new internships and jobs posted.
All this rain is leaving me no choice but to stay in and bake something new :)
old school>new school
According to Kessler's research, sugar, fat & salt is used by the food industry to essentially create an insatiable appetite for more food
ohh ok then so i flew all the way out here for nun oh yeah its my birth day
Sounded more like needlepoint :)
Thank you for sharing! Let us know if you have any questions for feedback for us! :) Happy Monday!
In the #Kiski School win, 6'9 Sr Geoff Boyle picks up 1st triple double of his Kiski career with 15 points, 16 rebounds and 10 blocks!
We definitely eat it here in Ohio.
Everyone deserves to meet :)
Doctors today for Strep throat. Ugh!
that is a treatment
I'm sorry bro but what # could u possibly have? I only have had 1 # for 8 yrs!
"goto" is a reserved word in Javascript?
what's your city/area?
Up to no good...Maybe.
thanks for connecting, Andrew!
Behind every fat girl there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, you're in the way
YOU FORGOT THE LETTERS?!? ASSFACE.
damn right
that's a false statement because you don't eat ice cream nor drink sprite. :)
“: If you had to pick one, what would it be? Wings, Beer or Sports (RT your pick)” That's easy.........Sports!
in that case....
thanks for following!
lol! Sweet! I'm 29. So I suck at guessing age lower than mine. Lol
Ted Williams doing the "Dougie" in #NothingCanStopUsNow was TIGHT! Funny ass parody lol!
I'm not sure who I hate more—King Joffrey or Rush Limbaugh.
Haha yes! Oh the influence I have...
Metta to the rescue
no sir not me
Out of the university and into freelance for much of #FutureGun -JO
You have one of the best jobs in the world too!
proud of u guys last night!! Amen amen to ur peformance lol great job boyz!! And to julian too
On Deck: Dirty 30 Birthday Celebration. Bring on the Band!
Happy Birthday Gene. Rock on Brother.
Good luck to all the #AR50 runners tomorrow!
I'm so hungry at work. please someone come bring me food.
hahahahah mark you know everybody
In the long run, you hit only what you aim at: Therefore aim high.
Thanks a Bunch Jenna from the ladies in the Front Office...you are our #9 DCC! Yay...
Are you an initiator?
&#39;Hygiene hypothesis&#39; gains credence in explaining food allergy prevalence
Can't sleep!!!
Even through the tears--Jesus is there!!! While, your trying to figure the problem out..God already provided the solution. #Amen Ms. Spicy
hahaha twitter or any social network!
Quick cut at with
RIP Whitney Houston
How about that Charlie Sheen - any 'Two and a Half Men' fans bummed???
On December 21, 2012, I want to get a text message saying, "If the world ends today, I want you to know I love you
totally - & are much better at the supplementary YouTube video references
CYBER HANDSHAKE: Congrats to Ted Uczen, who won the BizTimes NCAA Bracket Challenge. Beat me by 1 point! Chris Stolarski of MU placed third.
Not feeling very good today. I'm gonna rally though! I gotz parties n' stuff...
I know lol(:
Who's missing the snow?
i tweeted the earlier but just checked and it says user doesn't exist
There's a pigeon outside eating someone's street barf.
I'm going to family dollar to buy dinner!
#WhyDoiAlways care about people who don't care about me?
we make a version of scrapple where the list of ingredients won't scare you. Healthier too!
u welcome :p
Elements of my social media crisis/disaster response framework are going into FEMA training; pretty cool.
Shout out to for big duty nights the weekend. Full moon, supermoon did not disappoint. THANKS!!!!
We just can't have nice things. Birds, the wave... we're just asking to lose.
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS! !!
Nothing set in stone yet, but I might be in Brooklyn on april 28-30.
Reading them more than anything,
This hotel is really pumping chlorine, aka pool smell, into my room
Sending my very best to you for a bountiful and blessed Thanksgiving.
i c some of yall really changed yall main pic to a body part shm yo face wasnt gettin u n e followers so u think yo ass will huh lol
"My favorite icecream,Oh i love nutella,I just had that like yesterday" you just gotta love Vinny
I'm not sad. I'm past pain. I don't feel depressed anymore. In fact, I'm having trouble feeling anything at all anymore.
Booyah! Just picked up as a follower -1 of the best Chinese restaurants #pdx right now. Homemade noodles, shrimp dumplings, yum
You're being a Cunt. Go wash yourself.
When boys can make you smile, like no other boy did.
anybody wanna do a tinychat? i'm bored!
This movie is boring af.
so essentially, when one wants to make all the changes visible on the master document, we do that push origin master command...
Congrats to the new mommy !!!!!
this is my awesome site
The all adulterers club stick together. Cain endorses Gingrich.
That alkward moment ur at a friends house and they deside to take a shower.
tables are almost sold out for this saturday new party! call 312.733.6900
Omg I'm freezing -_____-
Bummer! pulls out of the
So sorry to hear about your grandmother. My thoughts are with you and your family.
I'm still up grindin.... Told u when u sleep I'm still grindin Money neva Sleeps.......... 5am
aw, i love you :3
"Nothing will work unless you do." -Maya Angelou
cant wait for 's BANGGGGGGER ;) <3
why you say that lol
I hate the titles of the Dummies and Idiots books ... but to be honest, some of them are pretty good.
Feeling so filled with love today. It is beaming all through me and out my heart to everyone around me.
One of the greatest WS games ever. NO kids were up to see it. So a 15 yr old kid today will not be watching a game like this in 30 years.
Need. To. Stay. Awake.
What am I going to do when I'm in NYC and I can't see BooBoo or the other 3 foxes for 3 days :(
listen, I dont have time to tweet all night- I have a drivers license now..
Love your Lazy Twitter tweets for when the Google search seems like too much of a pain in the rump. Oh so clever.
Good morning everybody!
Too good.
AL teams have priority in reverse order of records. All of them pass, then NL teams have opportunity, in reverse order.
you know how many titties i've sucked by drawing girls? you think i just did that for fun??
it will be or else it goes in my tummyy
TELL US: Have you always had an interest in the paranormal or did it develop later in life?
Omg could u help me ? Please
And wish you were here, too!
Something tells me if Wisconsin and and Cinnci win then their will be a lot of tickets available Saturday
Thank you!
Testing out twitter
Haven't been on Twitter in forever though.
When I ask you to listen to a song, it's because the lyrics mean everything I'm trying to say to you.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Makes sense-seems another case of looking for loopholes. wish they would devote as much time/money to making current page
Docs are also QC'd and shipped in large envelopes, so you'll never send a crumpled CV again. [2/2]
...after a random generated pick, Mark Brooks of Washington! Congratulations Mark!!
let's hope so
tim mcgraw pandora always gets me
No problem! 1920: Streetcars between downtown Columbus (High St) & Miller Park. 1930: Extended to Coventry/Parkway. 1936: Ended.
Isn't an Oracle User Group more of a psychotherapy support group?
funny people
Can't wait until summer!
RT 's for president
Just remembered that Holy Musical Batman is coming out tonight! Eep!
Really? Sweet!
Anyone else get nervous for the presenter when they type an address into their browser & their history appears in the dropdown?
my parent's house ate my ol' photo albulm.
gipper is to close to chipper to be a hard ass rapper song. Sound like something you made up cause it's so gay!
RT If you are not living on the edge, you are taking too much space! > Tweet of the day
Just cooked some dinner came out bangin along with my chocolate chip cookies :)
hahah okay! i'm wearing shorts. & wowww, i cut my leg shaving it yesterday -.- soo stupid ! ahah see you soon!!
Philip Glass keepin' it elevated on a Monday afternoon.
This Friday, May 4th, is Star Wars Day. May the 4th be with you...get it???? I'm just hoping my Princess Leia costume still fits. ~boomer
Little bit of Bill Lumberg from Office Space in Emery. Dropping the "mmmk, ok" a lot.
its so cute the way he trys to flirt with me ^.^
That whole under-appreciated album gets to me just about every time. Always has.
“The leader of the past was a person who knew how to tell. The leader of the future will be a person who knows how to ask.” Peter Drucker
I thought she was locked up haha
hey everyone
Yeah....Government.
Aint wine dont sip it make it bubble when you hit it let it burn baby burn...:D
sounds like a fun time! lets do it :)
Welcome to the Steeler Nation,You are a very Baad man:) Ok we do not like Ravens or Browns,glad to have you in Black and Gold:)
Rs will explode w jealousy as usual & look 4 ways 2 twist it & make it minus 4 Obama. They won't give POTUS credit 4 anything.
No i dont wanna fight it i dont wanna hide the way i feel So i guess its time for me to say That i got eyes for u,i want us to b together
“ Fuck love? No, fuck the person who made you think like that.”
The most annoying baseball player on twitter. I coach little league kids that are more relevant in Grosse Pointe
Thanks to all of our new followers!
what's love got to do with it ?
and thats why your a fat kid
Gamecock #StephonGilmore is headed to the Buffalo Bills as #10 pick in #NFLDraft. We're proud of that Cock!
May 16 is my birthday and my wish is that obama will lose by a lot in 2012
Hey I know you
Thanks ! we'd love to here from about #LBF12 reportage ...
post on our wall that you did and i'll get the ep to ya!
Thanks bro!
Catching up on email.
But aren't they all though. RT Kirk, this girl is stupid
Watching the Golden Globes, are you? Share your thoughts.
"Long overdue thanks" -- I think I'm even longer overdue. Thanks! :)
Thanks, & I followed back
I'm packin the sh*t outta our place!! Yeah-ya.
Volquez has 51 pitches thru 3IP. Allowed only one hit but has had some longer counts. #Brewers v
is eric's movie going to be good?
sari you would :'(
Leaders have to act more quickly today. The pressure comes much faster. ~Andy Grove <Achieve faster time-to-decision with Lucidity!
Stepping back into 1999 coding tables out for an html email campaign.
He He. Adrenaline+ emotion+beverages+ first "real" meal of day. giggles until fall down!
thanks so much for the RT! #gratitude We look forward to serving you in May :)
New Hacker/SPAM message: "Someone said this real bad thing about you in blog" this is BAD LINK--not message--do not click!!!
maybe I do not know what I am doing lol...
Yeah but she whines about everything so it'd be a bitchfest for the rest of the week. Lol
Chillin bout to take these pills to get betta
Happy Easter!
I am! In the back of the room, with the laptop. :)
Thanks for participating. The sweepstakes has closed and we'll announce the winner of the cards shortly!
Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live. Socrates
Testing, testing... is this thing on? ~ Jake
The passing of the baton...?
all good bro don't tag me haha. I see u
I like it! I especially like the purple and green color scheme. Very clean and user-friendly design. Well done!
goodnight bud!! <3 sweet dreams loca :)
We're busy getting ready for the next issue of San Diego Downtown News, coming out this Friday Feb. 3
Watched cnbc on the treadmill this a.m. Pundits don't seem so enamored with the word "pivot," as they once were. "Narrative" is big though.
breaking board and I'm live on US
I've barely been in my office today with all that's going on - film series, URCAD, humanities forum... great day to be at #umbc!
sorry, we did a limited run of that last summer and don't have plans to do it again yet
I have that game like level 12 holler holler
PS: I'm not exactly sure what's on the plate in your avi, but the Wu gets some representation on that new mix. :)
49 notes on a pic :o LE PROUD~
I am following back you can check so follow and get more followers
Going to the milk bar for some soda
hahaha! Perfect. You got Ben this time though. He's aight... lol
how bout
We prefer "The Academy" for short but I heard theres another production group by that name.. WHO CARES!! haha
Never mix business with feelings!
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window, & block out the world. ?
Sale has starter stuff. White Sox have to quit jerking him around.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 4318 calories! on 5/18/12 at 8:55 PM
Remember every athletes needs are different visit the website to calculate your needs
": My clothing collection is out of control." Super jealous considering her style is incredible
nvm saw name
silence speaks when words can't
who cares...yum yum yum
Thanks for becoming our 700th follower! Next stop 800. Tell a friend!
Forgot a hot pad holder taking brownies out of the oven. Thx to Urgent Care in S. Reno I was bandaged & home before they cooled.
I'm going to dye my hair gold and just walk around outside screaming METEOR MAN!!!!!!
so with basketball it's been harder to get on and tweet you but btw , i shot 3 bank shots in a row under 2 min just for you <3
I hate those bitches who think there hot but in reality they look like they just crawled out of a cows ass.
The pant she I wore to my wedding rehearsal, high waist and flared legs, are back in style.
Watching Moses Pray sell Bibles; when I left behind my chart for the Rod of Wonder you threatened to make it into a song.
this money from strangers show is kinda funny
I'll be mastering mint cookies and cream this summer what're you gonna
God open doors and He also closes doors.
i had the same thought.
Woahohoho, my apologies! 😭😭😭
I still don't get how people call Justin a girl.
Also, occupational hazards: getting excited when you see Adrian Benepe quoted in the paper.
People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women. ~Author Unknown
Thanks for the follow. My blog will soon have a new look (hopefully), and much more content. Check it! Thanks!
i feel that a girl that hangs out with a lot of guys is a whore
It's a new day-a chance to make new friends or piss off a whole new group of people - it can go either way!
The walking dead - episode one.
Fuller: if decision is made to support #dullesrail, "investors will start lining up. If not, they'll say 'forget Loudoun.'
just got word that we have a limited number of discounted tickets available at www.Goldstar.com Do not wait or they will be gone!
Hello Twitter, I am Zach Libby and I will talk about my daily life and other things that interest me. Follow me and I will do the same.
"When does optimism turn into actual dollars spent? "
Someone want to tell the Sixers that the game started? No? Ok.
Actually, the MCC expressly APPROVED switch hitting when KP first did it af ew years ago.
damn ok
Thx guys! I'm getting my free sub today ;)
yeahh. One step at a time lol
What do you think of no ceilings?
One year since you've been missing.</3
So frustrating getting in bed early and not being able too sleep... Need rest before ACL!
thanks lady! It all feels so strange... But the love and support from friends has been awesome.
Despite the length of a cable, it's only as strong as the last link in the chain...
What goes through your mind when they promote things like "Earth Day", "Arbor Day" and the like?
I've been training since Nov already! But longer training days are ahead!
Can't resist sharing a few more of today's great #bmorehistoric proposals! Here they come.
Boo that video didn't work. It was from the Cheetah run. You're just gonna have to take my word that it was cool.
Idea: Miller Park marching band; bring local high school marching bands in to play something after the national anthem is sung.
Dont hate the player, hate the game!!!
Scroll down to check out our potential tank designs! "Like" the one you think we should print!
makes my lil heart melt when he smiles!! ;) Phil for the win!
and we LOVE it a bunch
What team are you going to after the playoffs, and are you starting the new season right after you finish the playoffs?
Wow Badgers with a convincing 24 point win!!!
not being nice enough to house guests. Even though they left the key in the front door and stinky food in the fridge.
I have that same obsession! I love when my obsessions are healthy.
i better here your opinions on this #taylorallderdice even though youre a wiz hater
I just saw Whitney 2 nights ago and now she's gone. She sang "Yes Jesus Loves Me". It's so surreal.
RT : BonIver on Twitter?! Awesome...and, from Eau Claire!!
THANKS CHRIS RT : #FF Engaging, good people >
Lmao me and my pops scoring on this foo...
everyone getting what they wanted right! Jinks our team
quite attractive(;
Also relevant that in 2010 Granholm lowered the fee from $6/day or $24/annually to $10.
It's better to die like a tiger than live like a pussy.
It's Beverly Cleary's 95th birthday today! What's your favorite Beverly Cleary book? Mine is RUNAWAY RALPH bc motorcycle mice are awesome.
IT IS RUBIE TUESDAY! TWO PIERCINGS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE! INCLUDING BASIC JEWELRY! COME ON DOWN AND TALK TO RUBEN!
Celebrating 39 years of Roe v. Wade and the right to choice!
Great stuff. RT : W (Wins) : L (Loses) :: WISH (Wins In Spite of Hurdle) : LBH (Loses Because of Hurdle)
and we need it. In a bad way.
its the freedom from caring.
video please next time! haha
one ride at a time ;) you rock!
Oh you think I'm fake because I don't do anything?
As per Nicolas Batum a few weeks the "s" in his Nicolas is silent. Nicola.
Are you working over there this week?
Shoutout to and for being the first two followers! Thank you!
Whats up fellas?!?! Hope all is well, good to see you on here, we are following back!
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
the kids love it. Parents think we should go til school starts but that won't happen
I was just working on contacting some local bands through myspace and I think my computer got an STD.
poor you
yes! We actually were. Windows were leaking in water. LOL
A goofy movie is on! This used to be like my favorite movie lol
Enjoyed hosting Hispano chamber luncheon! Hope you all had a great time!
Check out google today. Nice logo shout out to Mies van der Rohe in celebration of his 126th bday.
the tv shows
Weezer I love you.
Bet half you niggas who bought the 11 don't even have bail money.
Please keep the victims and families of today's tragic events at Fort Hood in your thoughts and prayers.
Taaabbblettt? :D? Love you Toby Tobuscus Turner. (not just for tablet, but for epicosity)
You look lovely, Shama!
Boston fouling like crazy now
Tell us how you to plan to ring in the New Year?
About to whip out the GoPro, you know what that means!
dang! I'm unworthy!
what's up
Thanks for the mention!
need more
"If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today." -Lou Holtz
wants all to know that thier new Children's book is now out! Great stocking stuffer!
Benchmarking of learning spaces- traditional vs. current trends
bahahah! Don't watch it! I was such a DORK!
Only 5 more days until sobbing hysterically in a bar! I better get shopping!
yeah it's cold out there
RT : he looks cold, you better get him a UK sweatshirt <- He already has a National Champs t-shirt! :)
. Absolutely! I am a member of the IP & Biz Sections of the CA Bar, LA Bar, & Marin Bar; also very active in the ABA
U.S. #Dow posts worst loss of 2012 on renewed Europe crisis fears, down 213 points. #Nasdaq drops 1.8%, #SP500 falls 1.7%.
I'm thinking of the worst things to say to you, but a promise doesnt mean a thing anymore.
The presents "IN THE MIX" May 2012! With special guest of MAY 17TH! AURUM LOUNGE MIDTOWN!
why do you keep telling me i dont own the rights to my own songs??? stop screwing indie labels and artists!
The #Spalding baseball team won 3 games in today, including back-to-back wins against Apprentice, and is the World Series champion.
When I read the word 'pharaonic'...I don't know why, but it brings to mind 'moronic'....completely different.
Curtis granderson needs to calm down
ehem...i had sent you a song...and you better like it ...LOL
I have a exploding headache
It's to hot for pants.
I'm convinced the iPad can serve as a very adequate substitute for a laptop on the road. What a great device!
Two people that you should follow
Grover-Thanks for the follow! We are happy to send you samples of MiniBük: The social media you can hold.
Tryin to watch Glee but I can't get into it
Good start to the morning let the Busy Derby week continue!
she doesn't have one haha & that is adorable
He says that CO2 isn't the main cause of "Recent Global warming" & and only addresses one issue. What about melting ice caps ect
THE VIDEO IS AMAZING♥ #AllIWantForChristmas :)
On Sept.19, The London Palladium celebrates 100 Years of Magic with a night dedicated to magic and magicians. Magic will be in the air!
RT Let no man pull you low enough to hate him. ~Martin Luther King Jr.
oh okay I didn't know ill have to ask Eleshuncle.... you Balika lead?
great to see you too!
"You're doin' good. You're doin' great. Just keep goin'." *pinches cheeks and repeats in baby-talk voice.*
RT : Kids score 100 pts higher on SATs, are higher career earners, & are more active in society when there is art.
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
Super 8 looks incredible!
Hello Monday.What do you have for me today?
you just got caught !! U can't speak on rap at all (Stephen a smith voice)
Watching fight for troops!!
The Ravens can easily get Home Dal Home NE in a row. The schedule is so important!
miss you alyssa.
others find your desire to fine tune reality a bit too obsessive
It's official, we have #Lin Fever here at Banzai!~ Anyone else with us? Or are you tired of him yet?
Glad we could put it all together! Thanks so much for all the insight into the wines and vineyards.
When someone is musty and they try to give you an hour long hug
Happy Monday :) OK ... so no additional info needed. Agenda in progress. Dates for call forthcoming ...
Done w work! but cant go back BKK now, cuz Noi is on her way Pattaya. OMG i dont want to think abt tonite -_-' Hope i can reach home safely
2 Minute Warning for reset of Rose, Daisy, and Pansy wireless pods at
I hate Yesenia, stupid pregnant bitch.
I don't talk to him, He's always tweeting about me, and talking to his friends about me.
The emotions and stress from the world will leave you physically and mentally drained!
i love your music and is one of ur biggest fans!! can you follow me? please?
slight weight loss? That freaken rocks! Almost 6 lbs! I am down 3 lbs. 12 to go.
Maybe going to the state fair with the boyfriend in June? I hope so (: <3 Luke Bryan's Gonna be there! :D
No Papa?!? No!!! I so wanted to see him. But I did hear Timo is coming and Holtby. What about Pukki?!?
does complaining ever accomplish anything?
“ “ If twitter was school, I'd have perfect attendance.””
A kind soul will put your feelings before theirs just to make sure you're ok and smiling even when they're not
In the studio makin the songs ya'll partyin and BS'n too, #OnMyGrizzy!!!!
1Co 1:9 God is faithful, by whom you were called to the fellowship of His Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.
my country music shout out, for those who may not have recognized
Yeehaa, what a mooglorious day! Git on down to the Cow and tell them the Buffalo sent ya and git you 10% off your check!!! Giddy Up!
