I had never had an opportunity to listen to Vin Scully before, but he's fantastic. Really like that it's only him on the Dodgers' broadcast.
We're getting a report from in LA w/ more on Donald Driver on #DWTS coming up in a few minutes
Wha hoo! Starting the blog will be GREAT! Make sure to check out the girls @ stratejoy.com for inspiration! :)
Very nice ;p
don't be sorry breh. If you don't remember it, It didn't happen
Marlins Park looks pretty blah. Wtf?
#TeamFollowBack follow me I follow back!
Idea: Fire Currie today, keep Martin & Snyder tomorrow?
being dragged thru the mud, never felt so good
I'm too stubborn to be truthful
They treat him like shit [Dave Chapelle]
isn't it amazing when you get on twitter, and you pop up in every single tweet? Hahaha.
What ingredient are you NOT particularly fond of?
I hate moving!!!
14th Annual Booze Broads & Hot Rods San Francisco, Saturday, April 14, 2012! Save the date! www.boozebroadsandhotrods.net
Attention Prog Rock Heads!!! We've got some prog coming your way. Stay tuned to Vatorvision \m/
Cats only grow up on the outside.
Can't wait for Thursday to get here. See what Vampire Diares has in store.
True. I loved Owen Meany the book. The film did that brilliant piece of writing no justice at all.
Gravity is working against me, and gravity wants to bring me down.
Camping got the whole world listing to him. You could learn from that! side note I'm starting a support group for all Rapture survivers.
"Street Dreams"
up watchin Wrong Turn 3 .. thinking why am i up so early ?
Gone Madison!!
Omw to work 👍
I know that feeling i didnt feel like going 2 work but u cant make no money at home working 24hours.
is the word!
Hello, How's the writing treating you?
thanks for the RT. Glad you liked the presentation!
There's no way Instagram is worth $1 Billion....I'm in the wrong business
So it's bout to RAIN?! I'm gonna be no good for "date night" *sigh* // don't worry... You already have him!
Ugh....it's hard choosing between something u want and somethin that ur best guy friends what's for u...like idk...
Glad you are feeling better
Snyder be mad at me !!!
i can make pasta like a boss ;-)
RT : amazing work Maria Madera my business cards are outta sight!!! - Thanks Maria is AMAZING!!
#spiritday I'm wearing purple today because we all should feel free to be who we are...without fear or shame
Freezing in my office. Thinking about tonight
Great catching-up!
#WeSupportMahone :D tweet it!
Baby woodpeckers in the giant saguaro. When the parents swoop in with tidbits, the din is enough to wake you from a sound sleep.
I love your new name. KILL THE BITCH. :)
also, dreams can be a real bitch
I had a great time last weekend at the Bahamas cruise.
ok. things finally turned around on the homefront. getting a new waterheater.
whats up lil buddy. You are a great singer.
Ball So Hard!!!!!!! This shit crazy how they snapping like this Niggas in Paris
For MG - my tween kids loved The Gollywhopper Games. I haven't read it, yet, but it's one they both were glued to.
I think I like my new role in MSFT way too much.I was supposed to spend my wknd coding for my side project instead of writing design docs :)
I have maintained a high-energy positive attitude for far longer than a person should & I am exhausted. TGITh
Awesome day again. Great weather, baseball season started, an this neighborhood rocks!
you were *due*
when guys actually give a fuck about u <3
I used to date
Champion Swag
An old man came up to me the other day outside of a QT and said "Hey kid did you know that the more birthdays you have the longer you live!"
dance practice now,gotta get that plea perfect
any day i can run 3.5 miles, pick up my dry cleaning, and do the dishes before 9am is a guaranteed win.
why did u cut half his face off lol!!!
Cause all the wrong Men say the right things
I enjoyed hanging out at Rao's Bakery in Spring for an early dinner.
dang!! You need to get on that.
man. that sounds AWESOME.
DRAKE - Do Right And Kill Everything
Poor Gabe!!! RT : She said: "I don't even like sex, it feels like getting tackled by a skeleton."
Mind was fast-forwarding to "such diverse elements as fear, surprise, ruthless efficiency and an almost fanatical devotion..."
Good morning. Take steps closer today to realize your dreams.
My prayers go out to her. I'm sorry, if you ever need someone to talk to I'm here for you<3
Dtf or what? ??
I am needing PLL back right now
FN2S is looking into Falcon tickets give aways for students. Fall 2012
Oh yeah, Pizza is a given. Students don't show up for anything that doesn't provide pizza around here.
Any notable #Neudorf wine and cuisine pairings you can suggest for the weekend ahead?
Then there are those who suffer from grave emotional and mental disorders…even THEY have a chance, if they have the capacity to be honest!
Thanks for checking out our site. Happy New Year!
Afghan-American Chamber of Commerce to host US-Afghanistan Business Matchmaking Conf. Nov. 13-15 in D.C. www.a-acc.org
followed them! Can u follow back?
im soo tired winterjam was amazing sunday night skillet was the best part :) <3
Def of credit hour includes "AND EQUIVALENCIES" How will you define an equivalent measure? Waiting for your innovation
“: Monte be straight up ballin out there for GS!! #All-Starsnub” LBJ knows wats up.
re mus exhibit $$$ may depend on topic, more or less
The neck tattoo costing Dallas
like right up the street it's my moms friends house.. I have to share a room
FAMILY is my Heart.
What a lovely property. Enjoy Beverly Hills. is beautiful.
Im tanning while the sun is still out.
Did not know you are in Denver! Know you are probably busy...but we live not far from downtown. Glad you have great weather today.
follow you won't regret it
Just built one third of a snowman.
Proudly raising my hand. Photos to come. RT Raise your hand if you are dressed as a #HungerGames character at work today!
haha yes you were right. :/ I hope I can move on and find someone new.
I ain't lazy,I'm tired. Can't you just understand that?
Analyzing spreadsheet data is difficult after a long day and belly full of amazing southern cooking
I'll put my money where my mouth is regarding Haiti (and I just have). Help these people. They would return this favor
i have never seen a person with a hoodie tucked into their pants
Long day. It's #Pandora Time. #BuffaloSPringfield this afternoon. Followed by #MayerHawthorne. (Who I'll be seeing next week!!)
did you ever find it?
using FRBR record as key and mets/mods/whatever as value. Getting away from sql database and working in-memory.
If i woke up next you CieraMariexoxo
Playing at Backside Records today in Burbank! Gonna be fun!! :)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Why are you eating my food? O.o
thanks for the retweet!
ill get at u wen im ready 2 match!
As we approach dating hr: If you're dating a writer & they often sing Cristina Aguilera's "Fighter," just know you're being written about.
Are you looking for a way to promote your business? How about a commercial, web video, or be in our promotional video. Call us 856-423-9233
I hate it when my mentions won't load
at hochunk you'd get a few 1/2 games and small limit games...potty spreads 3/5 and some larger PLO games if you can get to mke
you're killing me! My picture keeps going out and I need my fix!!!!
Would like to get linked to that piece once it's up!
Woot! I'll tell Dr. Daly you and said hey! :)
Hey #bizforum. Dropping in for a bit
I love how u always have something positive to say!!
Possibly, but I made it clear that you're "dumber than a dead monkey" so congratulations on realizing your inferiority.
Indeed! Good luck! I'm interested in outcomes.
Welcome to Twitter MG! Follow her!
Taking my mom to the airport! I'ts too early for me.
#BoysFavoriteLine Send me a pic. Send me a pic. Send me a pic.
Just ordered new business cards from , excited to get them in the mail soon!
me too! Last time VIP got sold out in the presage so I hope I get them on time
Shoot going down friday for Follow Me
If u follow me and I dont follow back let me know and I will.
#NowPlaying: "Still Perfect", by
Do guys husband train in dog years? Maybe I just have 7 more years of nagging & then we're set.
this is gross but I support it.
DalPogetto mayB more $/hr than warrented.If orchard is mature ag aspect not2complex,any areaCPA w/good local reputation can help.
Love your tweets!!
yea!! Thank you!!
The things I would do to Zac Efron in The Lucky One...
lol i was do nervous when she was grading it
well im going too sleep, goodnight lil sis, love you ❤
RT Amazing night :)
Saying goodbye to my hometown on Long Island NY, and looking forward to my next visit in a few months. I will miss you.
Haha Nahh you don't got nun
U should hear his mom sing... but she's too shy ;-) He comes by it honestly...
RT : Lake Show... I'm here nugga!!!
Stretching & carb-loading to prep for Seattle Invitationals amateur Elvis impersonator competition. Saturday night at EMP. Thankyouverymuch.
i wish i could go up to him and say hi but i am so freakin scared
your tweets about me are mean lol jk :p i miss you i cant wait to come back!!
What a great day @ #thatcamp #lac! Can't wait to talk with the folks at #chnm tomorrow. How can LACs & R1s productively collaborate?
Even the white ones lmao !
*Complete sentence.
Today has been one amazing day! I love you !
Both teams wanted to lose that game. Grizzlies were terrible for 11/12 of the fourth quarter
I am 50000% unable to take my own advice.
it's gunna be a great season
Pop Quiz! What campus do you find the Valencia Productions Studio? Bonus Points - Building & Room Number!
The U.S. Army Brass Quintet will present a recital and master class on Sunday, April 15, at 8:00 pm, in Goodwin Recital Hall.
did you like it? I didn't really, miss MOTM1
Samplesaint's CEO is working late thinking about developing an iPhone application.
that coachella comedown. and it's 45 degrees here.
what's up sexy man of love let's get naked tonight and have a dance party with just u and me I want tell anyone
Pro-beef powers are wrong: no one "smeared" pink slime. Many eaters however prefer avoiding smeary dirty beef trimmings cleaned with ammonia
Selection Sunday is just over a week away! #MarchMadness!
Relaxing right now having a cocktail
I really want some jalapeno crunchers.
man I need to get my hands on two pair of foams this weekend
He turns my pages!
Bring to a boil, reduce & cover. Simmer for 30-45 min. It is traditionally served with rice, but I am sure quinoa would work too
yeahh that might be scary lol
Eternity is a mere moment, just long enough for a joke.
You're back! Missed you.
she goes home after her scenes. a little moses man told me.
Let's not act like "Mercy" is a good song.
thanks for the follow!!
i dont think you need make up
In Minneapolis...where in the hell are my palm trees? Haha, missing the ocean already.
Bachmann should spend less time worrying about immigrant knowledge of US history & more time learning it herself
hey gorgeous
Can't wait to listen to podcast of The Sunday Edition with your interview about Adrienne Rich!
I must be bored this am this is the most I have tweeted in a 10 min span
i got my midterm back, and i got a 47 in science :/
for what?
Rocked my face off with at the inde sf on Saturday. You guys rule! I'll do your sound anytime :-)
I knew I could count on you
Of course I can't smoke in this parking garage; we need to breathe in these car exhaust fumes.
Martin: I've accompanied on 100s of trips 2 congress to work on bipartisan, bicameral reauthorization of
So Josh Hamilton will be the subject of the best sports movie ever right? I'm hoping either a Steve James doc or a weird J Reitman biopic.
Carrot Apple Ginger juice, yummy!
The lottery for the charter school in ID for the girls is April 14th. We should know by May 1st if they got in or on the waiting list.
Alright, time to start actually using this Twitter account, today the lockout ends and it's the day we start painting Twitter green!
3 days of type sorting later and we have made it most of the way through organizing 100 drawers of type
This semester has pretty much been a never ending day.
I just completed a 3.48 mi run with a 31:14 pace using Check out my route in Oklahoma City! soc.li/4sCyDu
Yall check out my boy
lmaoooooooooooo woahhh ? what that mean ? aha
Watch Food Inc. This incredible documentary will change the way you purchase food. This is an incredible eye opener. Go organic!!!
Thanks see you when youre back
student works symposium
Teaching Fire! And the Insurance Industry at for insurance professionals.
E&J got me throwd!!
gym, jobhunt, then another day of deStressing at 's pool
National Weather Svc. issues a wind advisory for LI over the weekend; forecasting winds between 3-23 mph with gusts as high as 43 mph.
Thanks for spreading the word. Hope we get to see you at the next pickup!
Missing out on a petting zoo is not something I would normally do, but I suppose there is always next year.
Thanks for the follow, we're looking forward to following the hashtags & learning about exciting new wines!
you all need time. Also, while ur comparing to presidents, make sure he doesn't have anymore Monica Lewinsky moments.
Looking 4ward to ICE! on Sat. Two million pounds of ice sculpture!
If you didn't already know, PL also posts tweets exclusively for new #CRE property listings. Follow the eMarket blasts
Paul Bigot (Gigot) says the legal doc in Trayvon Martin case was "troubling enough!" More troubling was the "hate crime!" Murder of a child!
ahem, is pretty much 3 weeks away. just sayin.
Nobody ever cares how I feel.
i was stunned a few years ago when visiting austin and trying to catch a bus. the area i was in had no sidewalks!
yes! Delicious :)
well no.. he could talk to them and say "listen, we have an international congregation that doesn't like needless pity."
thank you hun!! ;)
RT ": It's certainly necessary to (σ-σ) value of innovative ideas beyond your own experience & origins
You're a nut! You crack me up, go figure..
thanks! There is a solid core at - H'ville. Excited to see what HE does at the new site. U guys r doing a great job
When you check it out get back at me SOME FEED BACK WOULD BE GREATLY APPRECIATED
@ sure lets see it
Working as fast as we can! :)
if you think you can simply press rewind, you must be out of your mind, son.
The Game just got another season on bet.
Hey, it's OK, this is a history conference
They all seem happy to be having a short break from their normal work.
HA i seen her yesterday and today...I WIN! :p
"Men succeed when they realize that their failures are preparations for their victories." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I don't mind anonymity, but should we be held accountable to every single comment, whether they know what they're talking...
Treasury market activity Tuesday suggests mortgage rates are moving much higher.
We were robbed! So grateful to experience that with you! Love You!
didn't a rod hit a HR earlier
I'm not Colin, but I know him personally. Hope you're having a great day!
Sad I can only make 1st day of #cildc, but presos by & made it worthwhile. Thx for front-loading the awesome.
You know what I'm wondering? Am I better at soccer than Ronaldo who cares that he has new shoes? I'd like to be better just to not care.
I Live With Friends:P
My buddy Devon and I loved that movie so much, we used to spray paint "Slaughter High" all over this bridge in Peoria.
In Norfolk with Delbert McClInton. Showtime in an hour. Having a blast.
<---- Riding round and Getting it'
My following to followers ratio SUCKS ASS!!! lol :( sadface Someone help me out
lots of love today. (and everyday) Happy Valentine's Day!
One of the biggest obstacles to social media marketing is thinking like a business owner, not the customer!
cheers Jamie. I'm on my way. Bob do they actually have noodles in Mongolia?
Bulls in 6. Done and done.
Ford isn't selling cars directly through Facebook. They think of ROI as return on efficiency.
At the OLE session
fuel band has calorie counter. U already have gps with iPhone.
's little brother Blake is so cute. i can't even. He's just a cutie.!!
bust in my mouth
Still #Grindr banned, so no tricks tonight. GODDAMNIT 😪☺😃😊😝
Parks & Rec homage to #thevoice is hilarious
theres nothing more dangerous than a charming man
I appreciate you too lil Momma queen Goddess. Muah!
I am from LA I am not used to this racist East Coast attitude flowing through #DTLA we don't do that here in middle class places.
Oh dear, just got an email telling me about a mothers day sale... Is it that time of year already??? #sheesh!!!
Thanks for following! Please spread the word!
Been a while on #TWITTER FOLLOW LILPRINCETON143 FOR MIXTAPE N FIRST NEW EXCLUCIVE
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou may bring a formal complaint against a visiting delegation for violation of rules.
Nice of you to share a link today.... trying to hog all the la rosita for yourself
Mirrors can’t talk & lucky for you they can’t laugh.
LOL! Well my love is for SaaS businesses, so we would need computers to do the work, but I think it has potential :)
I definitely will - it's my favorite holiday! (And I'd be happy to read it if you want!)
dont even know what i did -__- whatever.
Is anyone at all concerned about #NDAA ?? Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness.
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” Eleanor Roosevelt
feel better soon and be careful!!
learned another video production lesson the hard way.
He is not here...He is risen indeed!
I'm sure we'll see plenty on the clearance rack...
thanks so much! We work hard to try and be as creative as we possibly can :)
I like that song. It styck even better the second time too. :-) Nice job!
Casting! Do you know anyone in a bad relationship? Time for a love intervention? Email your story to:
Wow! Finally,
well some people asked him questions and he replied back to a few...none of mine though :(
My iTunes Shuffle feature is sucking big time. I'm hating everything.
I mean motive in a teleological sense.
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
It is for anyone interested in interaction design & development, with specific emphasis on the realm of User Experience.
being weird is awesome. Why would anyone not want to be like us? duh.
B Shutz: 3 stakeholders in OA publishing: researchers, institutions, and publishers. Scholars often not considered
When people think you'll always give them rides just because you have a car<
The Queens in Queens? Who'da thunk it. :) Have fun!
You do not need an agency to promote your talent, God is your greatest fan and promoter,waiting to show off your gifts BELIEVE!!!!!!!
"I could continue seeing people loosing everything after catastrophes" - this I why we worked on an insurance company for Fonkoze clients.
The Ax-Man cometh!
Congrats, Alex! RT : RT : excited of PRWeek is joining 's reporting staff in mid-may.
I slept and ate at the Hilton too, but i don't live there... fairy tale corporation rules are STRICT.
BREATHLESS on the big screen--it's not the jump cuts but the Franco-American obsessions that make an impression this time.
they have been picking them and will continue through Wednesday. Hope this help :)
Send a Direct Message to win. Only followers can win the autograph
Productivity is a great sense of accomplishment, especially for a
you got the juice now! What lens did you have on your GH1?
me too!
Everybody cries...Everybody hurts....sometimes....
Musical term of the day: a nessuna cosa - to nothing; an indication to hold a fermata until it dies away
One of my nieces gave me some photos when she was at LA and I was just like " ................ Dafuq :) "
Did you know the smallest available size in #twilight tshirts is xl? And they do NOT come sleeveless.
I'v been staying away from politics for the last month due to anger issues, but I watched tonight, and I'm very proud of my Pres.
Thanks Kim! Xoxo
"Real difficulties can be overcome. It is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." - Theodore N. Vail
congrats on your tweetdom
we know that there is no way she tweeted 1,000x.
no fooling here. It's on like donkey kong.
Do one thing every day in the direction of your dreams. ~J P Blake
Good stuff. Been doing a lot of thinking (and doing) around that topic lately.
Rangers beat the Caps in the second round in 1994 to set up the Conference Final with NJ. Not sayin'...just sayin'
GO ODEN! =D
Me too! RT : Thanks so much to for your hospitality at FUEL's Purely Social last night. We had an awesome time!
What in the hell motivates people to go on shows like Wife Swap?
Getting ready to change the way you look at T.V.! 3-D without glasses I have it now! Just trying to be the Black Bill Gates!
Thanks so much for the follow!
that's good what's ur plans for this short week
Crowd at O'Neill starting to grow a bit -- I want to see this plaza full
Ha you never tell me anything anymore.
You better be glad God gave yur black ass rain, instead of a tornado
Had you mentioned several times in my Power Group at The Actors' Network! Looking forward to going to the next tweetup! :)
Also, hope the success continues while life is able to slow down enough for you to enjoy the important things in life. I got you
#tannehill the wait game? I like him cause he played wr like Big Ben.....can do nothing but help know where the wr will be..will see
Jungle Boogie!
is presenting at our next program. Have you ever used Yelp.com?
That stinks that it is what I was told, I would have used $ for upgrade! Poor info/customer service not happy.
The only reasons to use #pottermore are to settle on a wand and house. Hazel and Dragon, Thirteen inches, Unyielding. Ravenclaw.
Today sucked ass.. Im happy doe 😊
Beach balls gotta stop..pointless tradition..unfair to kids playing biggest game of their lives..only negative in Omaha
you didn't want that one??? That thing is awesome!! :-)
I'm always tryin to do that~
hshaha Sophie gets angry at all homework
"the crazy B*tch might burn your house down." I like to watch the flames from across the street, it reminds me of Christmas".
Thanks glad to hear it.
Tweeting should not be my hobby at 6:55am...
What happen to the bands of yester year!! Cameo ,Earth Wind and Fire, The Ohio Players you know...good music!!!
Sacbeerweek continues to roll on...What are you doing today? We're still recovering from Capital beerfest..
Including me.
thank you...xoxo
RT: : wait, itunes doesn't even sell greatest hits? what the hell am i supposed to do now? #freesoundsbetter!
They're people that are talented and theyre are people who arent but have alot of friends.
I really, really don't want to see a Rangers-Yankees ALCS....hoping the Rays can pull something out.
While u SCREAM @ ur woman ders a man wishin he could talk softly 2 her ear While u HUMILIATE OFFEND&INSULT her ders a man flirting wit her &
And when its cold outside I got the month of may
": I seen this weekend. What a wonderful surprise ;)" I love u n I'm very proud of you...
Sad for
My pleasure. ;-)
Yes. And I would hope not to pee my pants while doing so.
OH: "You should use something that's intuitive to use, like PowerPoint."
Greeks Head To Polls Amid Anger, Doubts Over Euro Future - Wall Street Journal
We are pleased to announce that has become one of our partners! They'll be added to our website shortly! #FOLLOW them!
Just tapped Lost Abbey/Port Brewing Mongo IPA
We have a corporate paralegal/legal assistant position available! Interested? Send us a message?
Hope is that thing that allows us to hold on to the notion of love - Kiera Condon
I passed both last year cause they were easy. I have four this year & geometry and global are soo hard so I think I'm gonna fail
Happy Birthday I love you!! Hope you're having a great day!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SASHA:)
Allergic reaction to some liquor.... Smh... Swag 😝😝😝
PLEASE GO FOLLOW ! THEY DONATE MONEY FOR EVERY 100 FOLLOWERS ! HELP THEM #MAKEACHANGE BY ONE CLICK OF A BUTTON<3
just called u
Spring is certainly on it's way. Awoke to the abrupt sound of what must be 10 robins outside my window. #really?
and I was just about to shave it!
Lol I 👍 that lol RT : If I need some I get the real thing lol u a mess!!!!
Wow #goldsboro- I am impressed. #bonfirestortillabar is delicious. As a vegetarian-city-girl-outsider, I send you a genuine thank you.
Supposedly Royal Caribbean is interested in building a tourist road from Port Labadee to Milot, Haiti. anyone know anything?
Yeah dude. I feel like that is the only option out there right now. Sad...
hi there! Been a while! Creepy note: I miss you.
Starbucks + Internet + Music + Comfy bed = This is my Sunday. My life.
Cats & dogs were my fav Super Bowl spots. VW "dogs strikes back", Doritos "dog buries cat" & Hyundai "cheetah" were singleminded and funny.
I sent that bitch a smily face.... Bitches love smiley faces
RT No worries, the world needs as many creative people as it can find.
No matter where I fly or what airline, my flight always is the furthest gate in the terminal
I did.
thanks for this! I'm excited to see the movie
Hellz yeah today is has been a truly HEARTfelt. So proud to be a part of it!
Thanks for following!! ) <3
Make a video highlighting your product or business and place it both on your website and such other sites as YouTube.
#aam10 search results incomplete Found this gem tho: "MuseumTrekker RT : collaboration with other institutions is key theme"
Always welcome!
twitpic or it didn't happen! ;)
FREE DC BOY of Splurge Gang got court monday.
Welcome! We hope you are successful in a new #hospice for young people in the North West
though i understand how the idea of targeting the super-rich focuses the Occupy movement & others
Gah! Well my reach-out to you is going to be Blue Moon Baking Co. goodies. :)
By beaten, do you mean gotten through both error codes? :p
this phone call 😂👌
GET YOUR POLITICS OFF MY ON-RAMP. :D
Revising. This is when I have to talk out all of the weasel words and bad phrases and cliches... Well, most of them.
yes you have to pay for the pro version. it seems to be the popular choice it bought twapperkeeper.
RT : RT: S/O to Ohio for making it's way to the tournament.
Lucroy needs some lessons.
The journey is the reward. - Chinese Proverb
Has your plate ever seemed so full that you feel paralyzed?
I have no friends.
Just saw Peter Shankman's keynote. Gonna be hard to top that
Four scientist killed... Will this assassination create an issue between US and China or Russia?
lol jeez you are on this !!
This MFker found all 3 of my twitter accounts & 2 of them I don't even use
#sea Coffee or Tea?
So, are we still on for dinner tonight? When, where should I met y'all?
Post gallery night cocktails served here!
NY or LA
Thats funny, my other car is YOUR mom too
hey everyone... more hacked junk coming to you from my account. sorry. i'm taking steps now to fix.
Ugh I can never fucking sleep. All I do is think of you and wish you were mine again. I wish she would just go away -_-
Some good tennis tonight as the young American Ryan Harrison takes on Andy Murray of GBR at the Australian Open.
is amused her mother is making a practice "it's about time" cake -- not a "congrats" cake, an "it's about time" cake.
always looking for photogs to submit fashion shots for inclusion HINT HINT LOL
Is #L14 an amusing failure or an amazingly successful run? I can't decide.
slowly falling in love with maternity line....
what you think about hitting up one of these Reds v. Cards games this weekend?
Just got the psp phone its sick
send me Some Of you talkin bro
You're right. They're SUPER off. Its Nickelback. Obviously.
RT : Thanks for the mention! The staff was great just like everyone I met in SF! Definitely coming back.
if the weather permits i'm going up stone mountain tomorrow lol
joking right no one wants to hear munch lisp his way through programing
Congrats! RT: " : Chef J.C.'s Turpkey Chili winning 2nd place for Most Unique Chili at SoNo Park CHiLiPALooZA!"
Just got our new Yaki Tape hair in! Its amazing! no more weaves ladies
To all celebrating Jewish New Year: Have a great year ahead of you!
Nice to see old pal at Getty Images VIP event
i think every mother deserves the best because every mother has struggled and been through bad and good situations.
Gotta see it, going again! YES The Avengers - best action flick in years - worth the wait in line and the 3-D/I-Max worth the extra $$.
Watch out!!! Ellis is finna ball on these niggas
RIP Steve Jobs. A job well done!
Charles barkley really called that guy a fag on national tv. Thats too funny
I stays out the way.
omg i wish followed me on instagram. lol i'd die <3
RT : Ppl who are emotionally unavailable can never be caught..no matter how far or how hard you chase them.
this was christmas before last
like a bunch of alien crickets under the seats, or in the rafters
oh that doesnt seem like a good idea at all. unless they are adding CS as a mandatory subject in all departments (j.k)
#Imagine A boy is flirting with you:"What's your name?'' You:"I'm [your name]" Zayn:"And I'm Zayn Malik...her boyfriend" *Kisses you*
Steelers lost! Fml ):
#Nowplaying tell me * Bobby. V 🎶
is making a bourbon bacon ice cream Coke float.
I like your projections..I think it wins but close..52%
thats crazy but true....
First time in Tacoma and Seattle, beautiful scenic areas. Even out of football season, a lot of #Seahawks 12th man love around.
you can do it! I am currently on a bus to Princeton. The journey never ends.
When were you in Oakland? I work like a block from that pic you posted
u need the #RockUnit get at us Urban Rock n the building song 4 song we #winning #vegas #letsgo! youtu.be/wfnn0ytDVb0
Giving back to the community is one of the Waffle's favorite pastimes!
it's crazy how ever since I poured coke all over my ex-stepdad(he works for the school) EVERY TEACHER knows me by name! &before none did! xD
Weston. but, undoubtedly he could know very little of the matter
Didn't realize that WolframAlpha didn't have it's own crawler. They license proprietary data sources. Cool!
SD friends - come to this week and help support Great burgers, good cause. How could you go wrong?
You're flawless tho, like can I be you? <3
is still at the studio working...Oy!
I think a few Dortmunders are in order- I'll be off duty this time around
#3WordsForYou I like cotton
so handsome!
First hair trial for the wedding! Contemplating accessories...
Thanks for the follow!
a bunch of frauds.... why you wearing those shirts??? to make sure the police don't arrest you?
#imhappiestwhen im on twitter talking to other beliebers.
That was way to easy
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Follow up on job applications--make a phone call, send an email, knock on a door. Human contact is key!
Guess who's outta work ? 😃
Hard watching these Royals games....
thank you so much love
I hear that a lot.
Tulsa vigil for Trayvon Martin tonight: TU's McFarlin library at sunset. Organizers say wear a hoodie. will report live at 9/10
It's un-American to be American.
One City Mile makes its debut in Richmond playing alongside Before the Machine and Strike The Chord and Burn- Canal Club tonite Doors 7:30
yes, that mcdonalds was amazing
The dark side of the "Occupy" movement.
nice dude. Hoop nation this summer!!!
So how do you relieve anger, Yoga? Zanex? Big bag of weed?
Current weather in Orlando: 70°F · (°C) Wind: 3 mph Humidity: 73% HIGH 84 LOW 66
Man looks like by this afternon will need another evasive, vaguely titled, PR rep to cover for
FUCKING TRUTH! ": You can't even imagine the half... so stop assuming a quarter bitch!"
RIP MCA, license to ill until I head out for work...
Did your iphone auto-correct "black penis" to "apple cider?" RT : Hot apple cider makes me so happy
Im Itching For Dese Tats Lol
you look amazing! Those are the perfect bangs for your face, it's super sexy!
Good luck today nan love you loads!!<3
2nd night with Sarah Jones at Nuyorican in NYC. She loves "the twittah!"
Ima swag myself out!!!!
Happy Easter!!
Man, 1st friday, free fries and 20% off at Urban Baby... why can't today be free comic book day too?!
Is your name Katniss? 'Cause dang girl, you're on fire.
Skitzo Starts this week also!
there is no NBC announcement.
were down man! You want production from us or do you wanna supply the beat? Let me know and if you got a beat, send it over!
the rain messes up my mood in all kinds of ways
I think you can but I'm not sure D: ask in brannon's room in 8th period and if the yearbook staff is not there, go to merchants
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
Dumbest Shit I ever heard.No wait All light skin girls r fine<~That 1 is lol ": -__- RT : All darkskin girls are ugly."
Not advocating for more, but how much does a 5 game suspension really affect a starting pitcher?
I have a few TV shows slots on Saturday and Sunday mornings, locally; interested in airing your commercial? DM for more!
Playing The Green Lantern tomorrow in Lexington. we go on first so be there at 9p for show time or 830 so u don't miss us!
We did not win the award from tonight, but we're glad we came to the party! Congrats
S/o to Ms. Martinez for bringing &' I together. I love my Naty :*
nice start
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
We just landed the BIGGEST Free Agent of all time!!! #broncos #manningtodenver #LOVETHEBRONCOS RT THIS IF YOU LOVE YOU #Broncos !!!
you're so sweet T!!
Today is my #Friday Just need 4:00 to hurry up & get here
i respect your opinion i <3 Bella, but that's just my opinion and not everyone is gonna be liked
Verona Area Concert Band tonight!
can someone make the #prohibition tag a thing?
cool yesh do that
Lets be real #self made
Lookin for a cutie wit a big ol ghetto booty :p
putting out the heat... Amare, youre doing it wrong
TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK! :)
"I've gone all #geek in the knees" - new favorite phrase. Thanks and
Great meeting with ! Diabolical, nefarious things are coming...
RTP has leading universitites with streamlined tech transfer programs, but unfortunately, many of these start-ups do not stay in RTP.
The lab coats the waiters wear at Scotch and Sirloin is kinda weird...
Come home to bitch = NMS
I found the best survival tool for this summer: headphones!
RT if you want Thursday to come here RIGHT NOW. We all miss #TVD. Let the vampire diaries crew be able to see that we miss them a lot.
On shaky ground: Many Southern California hospitals not prepared for massive quake
finally after years of waiting I'm getting my A logo and believe tatt today
My mother snores like Darth Vader.
Come join the protest at central and San mateo.
Ok Leslie Visser needs to cool it with the plastic surgery or whatever is going on with her face? Play-Doh?
Is there a Hulu Plus Plus plan with no commercials? There needs to be one!
Senioritus is being tested to the max this semester
Ooh look how fancy you are!
Freedom's just another word for... everything to gain, people. Gave notice at Microsoft today. New things on the horizon.
chillin, drivin to walmart with my mom
Nap or workout? Or nap, then workout?
wow...the things i learn about #Taurus 's
wishing u wld do an event & incorporate some spoken word/ live music so I can come thru & perform.. imjustsayin ;)
Calphalon Commercial Cookware - Only the Best!
that soo nice. ya i heard they were going there, hope u get them
Italian Proverb Well done is better than well said.
Derek Jeter is the first player in Yankee history with 50 hits in the first 30 games of the season.
how you not following me you shit!!
"Momma said they'll be days like this, they'll be days like this my momma said"
so sad I can't register tomorrow :( I still have faith everything will work out. God is in control :)
Just got so sick to my stomach I do not want to go to court tomorrow
follow cali D productions
Minnesota Vikings&#39; Joe Webb is solely a QB, and liking it ...
Dear Monday, You float like a butterfly and sting like a bee. You might need anger management or meditation. Hope Tuesday's less sassy. ME
Good Night ! A picture is worth a thousand words. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Rick Santorum travels dead worlds through the dreams of tortured souls living in the ninth hell.
-- yea I use twitter
Today's affirmation: I am living in the house of my dreams.
I'm amused that Sale missing one start makes for an intriguing "return". But I'm paying attention too, so...
On this day in 1821, Pafnuty Chebyshev, considered the godfather of Russian mathematicians, was born.
Oh man, possibly putting in a bid on a house today! Exciting!
like i saw his last name i was like that's uwas last name but i wasn't sure then his credit card had a chevron logo.
hahaha yeah, i dont go by the real name, its too mainstream, lmao!
dang I'm missing it....too many shows!
No, the trend was short lived and thanks to Cindy Lauper/Limited Express. When HS started, day-glo was seriously out.
Finally found the one its you <3
Making a new account.. :/ Will to all follow me again.?
No! You're a smiley face!
was not feeling it this morning!! now im feelin the pressure to get it in...
Also avoid cooking methods that use significant amounts of oils at high temperatures
good and yours??
I'm in LA today
Game 2: Clippers/Spurs.....WHO U GOT?
I think I just took the longest #twitter break ever... glad to be back tho :)
South Florida Business Journal rated Williams Island as number two in the top twenty-five country club communities in South Florida!
nice double today
sry I can't be there 2 show my support 4 u all!!! I'm Oak Ridge is there in spirit!!! "push right past'em"!!!
Do you have water in your basement? A plumbing pipe that broke? Water on your floor? Call Statewide Disaster Restoration 888-822-9500✆
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.5
Our CSTS ticketing site is still down. We're giving it all she's got! Oh. Wait. Wrong show. But we'll let you know when it's back up!
Please don't ruin my good day with your pointless drama . Thanks !
knows that his Fighting Philadelphia Phillies MUST WIN the next 3 out of 4 games to repeat as World Series Champions. GO PHILLIES!
Don't get it- time to library it RT Just took a little time out with Crime & Punishment this weekend loved it!
Attempting to stage a "fight" with an accordion is hard.
I'd forgotten how gripping the first 15 pages of Octavia Butler's KINDRED are. Phew -- gonna have to gulp this down in big doses!
haha I love you
what's the transportation situation?
Very well =] we're writing our EP right now =] We're just trying to spread the word about uss
Afternoon returns and then it's the weekend!
Sponsorship and product placement galore in #NASCAR and #daytona500 .
your doing it for the wrong males I'll #neverletyourest cause youll
It's raining outside, but it's not inside anytime fitness!
Part of me wants to retweet/spam the Deficit Super Committee members to add poker to their plans, but I fear I'd lose precious followers.
a female
see the world ;)
": cuz certain ppl have no lives LOL xoxo" hey u how have u been
I shouldn't wear purple, especially when I've longish hair. Oh well.
even Defoe shouldn't be there.he hardly gets a fuckin game at Spurs. Crouch and Holt have done way too good to be overlooked.
Word of the Day: moptimized = mobile optimized
-- Pleasure to meet you....cant wait to learn more. :)
THE #HEAT JUST GOT HOTTER WELCOME 2 MIAMI #GOHEAT!!
Why don't you get it when I wanna leave I wanna leave
Mt Hood won 3 straight sets to take match 1 vs. Walla Walla .... one more match to go!
"While My Guitar Gently Weeps" is a song written by George Harrison featuring the lead guitar of Eric Clapton.
Jrue Holiday just hit 2 daggers in a row
Going to see warren hood play at Momos.
I like Nin's version better -- can come at it from love or hate. RT : I love algebra.
A-Rod training in Plantation FL
"I'm feeling naughty tonight!"
Pabst Blue Ribbon or Miller High Lifes. Always classy!
Dude nice! One of my personal faves! Let me know what you think. Its kind of a slow burn, but i think its a masterpiece!
One more day till Thursday!!
I need a shave and a haircut... I'm one missing eye away from being a brown version of the National Bohemian guy.
The thing that makes me love you is the unforgettable smell of your skin 〜 ♪♫
can you do this behind your back? without looking?
She is a copy machine!
No Video is better than a Bad Video. 1st impressions are everything. Web videos are a "must have" but sloppy performances cheapen your brand
I left my showercap in LA & it's raining here in B-more. What am I gon do??
Fattest snare ever. Girls girls girls.
It's been a while sense I been on twitter I miss all my followers :)
Is it Friday yet?
I know :p
The petition has been up only 4 days and already 411 people have signed to keep FLES!!
Looking for HOT BODYSUITS for my fun new music video!! DM me, email me dolls! Let's have fun w/ this! xox
yep I'm up too. Ok, don't forget you have to share. TTYS. :)
Join me every Monday night at 10 p.m. for Dark After Thoughts only on www.pararocktv.com.
DEFICIT OF TRUST. Brilliant
Excited to bring back great ideas & educate our faculty and staff on how to better communicate w students via social media
Resting before I have to go to work
It's a Flash file. I should've clarified. Worth a watch on a PC!
class wats up y u aint txt
I got checked out for nothing.
That is so true .
#Goodmorning hope everyone has a great day!!!!
Partying new years eve in LA!!! ...with mom and pop :/
Q3. It stands for Show Tolerance And Respect.
: to save characters Twitter style, you might have just said TGIF. FYI.
At the bar
You can't appreciate the time it takes, to kick a love I always knew was kinda wrong. Baby bring me down, I wanna be right where you are. <3
I think of Spam as being more of an over-processed pate than a flat hot dog.
Amazing day with the rest of the board, the future is looking awesome. Lots of work to do too though!
he killed it again!!!
We appreciate you!! :)
I am great. We need together soon. I haven't seen you in forever
Three ghosts didn’t visit me last night, so I just yelled at some kid to get off my lawn. He wouldn’t have brought back a goose anyway.
If it's your birthday here in twitterville...Happy Birthday To U!
even with my fist pumps last year...and thick accent...and gelled hair?
Can you please remove the hands from your pants it's distracting thank you
Losing innocence. Remembering heaven. That was the essence of hell. -John jakes
Cant believe I forgot to bring my mobile device to #mlamobiletech webinar!
best thing about wearing sportsbras , is being able to fling your shirt off when it's hot out.
You're nothin but bum, ya bum!
TY for the rapid responses, pleased to be part of a stellar family
a mentally challenged student just called another mentally challenged student a retard
okay seriously why are we tweeting eachother if we're on skype? Im done...for now...
My brother just hit me in the face I hate him
Siri vs iRis - I'll get some popcorn
#shouldbeobvious RT : Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
we support !
Has already made her happy hours plans for Friday. Who's got a fun plan for my Saturday???
Hey Tim,If you have a min,could I send you a few tracks?
Unemployment Sucks, Consider Culinary School
Fresh breeze today. Very nice. HIGH: 77. Fire danger through 8 PM w/ Red Flag Warning in effect. MUCH needed Rain Saturday through Monday!
hahahahah, somehow I feel exactly the same way
Welcome Back and Happy New Year from our kitchen to yours!
would love to hear it :)
Thanks for the follow. You're the best!
wow, that sounds good.
Stuck watching this stupid show GCB WITH
are people having a problem logging on Facebook
Why doesn't Irsay just say "it's not you it's me" lol so lame
they weren't a better team, AT ALL
oh I'm sure you're going to have a nice time waking up in the morning xD
I have a headache. Therefore, I want to do nothing. Go away :l
I dont chase no bitches , i just chase my dreams .
Thinking that person forgot about you. But deep down they feel the same way as you
Good girl <3
You get me a cold pop n' it will last forever. RT : So.. is following me. How long will this last
Show your ray ray ray
You only get one chance to breathe this in.
☼ Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple. Barry Switzer
Christmas baking done.....now on to the best part, taste testing! Merry Christmas everyone!
LOL RT : Ruthie just screamed. I ran into room to see what happened & thomas is all I DIDN'T DO IT! Turns out Ruthie saw a spider.
#bitterness will hold you back more than the color of your skin ever will. THAT, sir, is reality.
THey were all singing & they put all the teens up in the front EVERYBODY was criying some lady was making this girl shiver
That's how we do LSU <3
#yukokitchen is bomb!
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati - GAME PLAYER
Is Facebook worth buying? I feel at this point most of the people have either joined Facebook or decided not to. Risky investment
Wow, wow, wow, wow. THANK YOU. My day just got way better. My favorite letter is "W" by a landslide
Looking forward to owning an iPad. Looking forward to playing SimCity on the iPad!! It's shinny and has an Apple logo on it.
TY for sending me your article. Sexism is indeed the problem, not men.
RT : I've realized I'm a douche. Hm lol
Do not tell me to "calm down". Ever.
Thanks for the heads up Krystal! I'll make sure to set the record straight! I'm sure is too "busy"! :)
Had a great weekend and a great VDay with the best girlfriend ever. On that grind stacking paper!!
Mad tired.
Money don't make a real man. A real man makes money! Peep that!
School already?
Looking forward to the Get Motivated seminar in Seattle today!
it was great! lol :)
I live in Baltimore but my wedding will be in Hagerstown, MD.
Joe Mauer cycle watch. Needs homer and single. Third inning right now.
seriously Joanne's is right behind michael's in the bad customer service race.
go read a book
I penetrate her in the mental and the physical...
Get ya knees flexin and ya arms t-rex'n.... Do the creep!!! LOL
Who'd a thunk it? Northern Colorado and most likely #CUBuffs in the NCAA Tournament. So sweet!
We are asking, NO challenging our fans to please help us get 300+ likes on facebook we arnt far Please if we get there YOU pick your prize!
“: May the fourth be with you. Never gets old, folks.” bahaha! Why have I never heard that before?! :)
females are hella weird ! ha
Silence is a true friend who never betrays. ~ Confucius
wow. now that's news.
Good morning, dagnabbit.
Tiger misses the cut.
Taken is such an awesome movie.
Proceeding underway, City and Occupy both plan to introduce documents and witnesses, decision could be awhile
Hey, You. Good Morning. Let's get some coffee.
oh lol is she with you right know??
#WeWontWork if you don't like doing spontaneous things
I'm feeling POWERFUL TODAY!
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil the lights came on
so a drive-in from 2007 - ok makes sense. haha just kidding Steve, geez.
maybe his opinion is based on all of his mistresses! He is sadly misinforming!
u deserve better then
Needed that word GB! : Don't allow anyone to take your Peace. God gave that to you so how can u allow someone to take it away.
Interesting article about crime and sports RT: "When the home team beats a team ranked higher, crime skyrockets." -Garth Sundem
Thanks for helping spread the word about CTE and TBI!
I had a great night with I miss this girl so much!
have to get ready for practice soon. :/
I've been all the day feeling unlucky because I know is already caught by nina. (Really sad) #aninconvenienttruth :(
didn't work
cuz he's a colt & he wouldn't be back in an executive role if he owns part of Titans
I like how you describe the gmail color scheme as visually offensive
Have you seen the new ship EPIC? If not let me know I'll send you a video! I have cabins available 1-22-11 great rates!
haha back atcha big guy. Get home safe
...is not so common.
omfg i used to talk to you all the time when my twitter name was QuotesBro ;o
hey farva, what's that place you like with all the shit on the walls??
Thur-sat it was so hot (100) that I didn't want to even be outside and now I'm wearing jeans and sweatshirts?!? Wtf
“: Apparently, zip lines are popular.”
lol. So true!
Late sunday Lunch at BAD burger
I would like to go to Starbucks. Would anyone like to take me? :l
we have already spilled a full beer all over the carpet
Coming home 15 minutes early = happy David
Stros will have to eat a ton of cash this season but Myers, Wandy and even Lee will produce good to great value in trades.
Not out here in the burbs where I work. Downtown? Who knows.
RT one of the TO's debatable and at some of those shots too. And OKC defended Bynum differently those last 2 mins.
I GOT DEM JUNTZ MY GUY U WENT ILL ON DEM JUNTZ IM DROPN TO 2 OF THEM 1ST TRAKZ U SENT ME WEDS THEN IMA WORK ON DEZ NEW 1'Z AFTA
lol o nope.. My phone doesn't support it -_-
That's Australian record, of course. #unshaved #London2012. He's been 18.52 in yards years ago.
can't spell roll tide without 2 "Ls"
I want to watch the avengers movie so bad :/
I really don't wanna go to first period !
Tweeting from Haifa :) shalom tweeters!
Just completed my #FreshDirectParty survey
thanks so much! :)
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
lol...that sux! I got tired of the battle. So nails underwent a
lmfaooo only in Detroit
St Louis attraction visitors in millions: Gateway Arch 1M, St Louis zoo 3M, Busch Stadium 3.3M, Bass Pro Shops...4M.
website down?
My family is just ghetto as they can be
I didn't realize it till I pulled off
Great the worst part of my day has just begun #4thPeriod fuck you pregnant bitch
Or we would be interested to hear about anyone locally getting involved in the Olympics, or any local Olympians - past and present
If you expect me to kiss your ass, then go look for someone else!
My sister said I should be a dula
Lots of talk in Chicago about the Bears winning the division. I don't think Rodgers will let that happen.
one of my developers used one of your photo plugins and we didnt know it was yours until looking at comments. ironic.
Agreed. RT ": Sometimes I think there are too few stabbings."
There's something poetic hearing about how the sick and handicapped are still humans in this class. You don't choose to be sick.
Hey, thanks for the retweet. (Have you been to Istanbul--it comes up once in a while as a must-go next.)
Only because its my birthday & I AM GETTING THOSE TICKETS.
:P at least your not at a softball tournament.
Some white ppl really be on some other shit. This bitch really wants to see my dark side. I wish I could say my dark side was a joke.
me either From 1999 :)
Express for the win.
When rightfully accused, I prefer to sit.
Almost 1am, deep in objc, doing deployments in canada, usa, japan from maine w appblade, its gotta be some kind of stress test :)
The amount of time spent on each practice item should be appropriate to the relative benefit you get from it in games.
yea it sucks but once that band becomes big everybody want to listen to them
Ooh, let's try out some of those apps.
Who is getting voted of in Dancing with the Stars?
Cant wait for the NBA season to be over so my tweet timeline is reduced by 100's of stupid NBA tweets per day!!!
Drafting standardized test questions -- Yoda's hobby while hiding out on Degoba.
Hate all the things, tra la la lala.
#voteoutallincumbents they are not interested in running America their only concern is about the next election.
I dont ask questions Wat u mean
The biggest challenge of life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else
you're bad at math...
Sleeping at a college party. WHAT'S NEW?
It was awesome to see the #golfboys all congratulate after his win! Video number 2 soon??
Lol I love how I've been in and out of consciousness since after school :b
Many idiots believe playing defense is vital to mounting a 25 point comeback. The lakers know better...
Three more Secret Service employees have "chosen to resign," the agency says - CNN
This guy must not like Mexicans
94 is hot when it's all humid and crap! *sweats to death*
it has nothing to do with laziness...NOTHING
give me a day or two, and I'll be handing out the "sneak peeks" as always;)
When it's love, it's never the right time to say goodbye.
If that's been the case this year you've been getting the worst of it. It's been so ridiculously mild this year.
where can I send a contribution for the vet bills? I don't have much money, but I'd like to send what I can.
how do i get in touch with your buying office?
Rise Against is the tits!
Download our Happy Hours App for Blackberry, iPhone and Android... thanks us later: www.gotime.com/mobile
dis white girl is at my house n she country she scared of every body even 9 year olders n she 13
In my rp I have plans for what Alli should say Jake... Possibly haha
Koufax of course. Schilling cause of the roids yeah RT : ChicagoMadeSean curt schilling and sandy koufax over clemens any day
Preparing a presentation 4 an interview 2morrow about "you, your experiences & capabilities that we have not learned from your resume"ideas?
DATS Y I HUSTLE NUN-STOP I WANT ALL DA MONEY....IN MY voice
There is no cheat code. That's level 1...
Are you specialty board certified
congrats ! what an incredible athlete, true sportsmanship considering events of last weeks game! kudos....now superbowl
i dont like the idea of getting back into doing homeword
Why r u so desperate to b my frnd
You sound a bit angry today, mate? Is that because XFA's going to murder your ratings on Wednesday?
Miami Stress Buster is now providing medical massage services covered by health insurance. Call to see if your insurance covers massage.
Jacksonville hosts Funk Fest 2012 in Metro Park tonight! With Charlie Wilson and The New Edition Reunion Tonight & Erykah Badu Saturday...
so the company that tells everyone how they're trying to "hip up" the Buick line doesn't see value. wow.
can't say i miss those days. good luck!
Thanks for all the RT's last night. Will probably take me 2 to 3 hours to thank you all. : )
You are what you eat: Why do male consumers avoid vegetarian options? Why are men generally more reluctant to try vegetarian products? Ac
happy valentines day <3
You are super lucky!! Enjoy the gold, I need like 12 more or something before I get mine.
Delicious. Bitter & slightly fruity. Nice work. Bravo.
scene where the son reads from his school presentation on "gang violence in los angeles"
Ight, I got u
and the sky is gloomy
Absolutely! Thanks for sharing on Twitter!
Romney is so phoning this shit in.
we like the new format! great to be able to add notes to a story. many thanks!
Mee! I bet its great!:)
It's nothin to do!
no we beat Washington 8 7. Then it started pouring
Oh! Great I ♥ that song!!
Itching your eye and falling down stairs sucks
Sounds about right. AutoZone or Advance price is prolly about 18-20, but DIY
Thanks! Glad you liked it. :) RT : Couerage Theater Company's Balm in Gilead was great! So refreshing to see good theater in LA!
Omg does anyone wanna hangout? I'm home alone and beyond bored-.-
might as well stay home
do i knoe u
"The single most powerful tool for winning a negotiation is the ability to get up and walk away from the table without a deal."
making demos of demos while courtney is in hawaii collecting volcanic ash for a vocal concoction she plans to market and sell ;) perhaps...
Pre Season is almost here come check out www.watchnhllive.com for all the games live online just register and enjoy!!!!!
Cannot WAIT for the Beachwaver curling iron by . Woohoo!!
In Japan, they throw a big party when you turn 88. It's a symmetry thing.
I hate when you respond to their question and they try to relate everything you say to them o_O
The sourdough french toast turned out just okay. Needed more lemon flavor - maybe some zest. Added fresh nutmeg which was tasty!
What's a partridge, What's a pear tree? Well I don't know, so please don't ask me. But I can bet those are terrible gifts to get. -Relient K
JK, I'm a virgin. I don't believe in sex.
A wonderful night in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
This Friday the 13th new track by Dizzy Deuce & Bobby Gritz titled "The 6kness"
did you want me to try and buy tickets today?
the only thing this page is good for is news. noones ever on anymore......FAIL
no the real hard cash
what's the secret band?
“: Youre a tool” don't talk about yourself like that
did the lunch lady really just say yolo?
hey panda :) the lupe fiasco video on your site is fantastic! and unfortunately im not going to SXSW
aw thanx boo. I emailed you. You have to check it.
Who really reads your website? Your competitors.
My mind is up my sleeve.. if you think you should leave, i ain't stoppin you im lockin you out and keepin the keys
Follow me back
Congrats Gavin! Way to go.
yes I am
I need to make my resume/bio more exotic. Born in Buffalo isn't doing it for me. I just threw a dart at a map and Kenya it is. Its worked b4
Question: have you read A Clash of Kings? I wondered after seeing your tweets.
If Miley Cyrus trips and falls,is it considered a hoedown?...lol
NYC Kitchen Incubators
Hey Nana batch!!!!
we have done a total genre shift lately so I get the organizing! Argh!
Thanks for the article!
home bored..tryna c what I'ma do for my bday
Also, I just now realized I started my response with "eh," much as you did. Force of habit was all that was.
.-.-~~ YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Thanks! So how do you like the fame.? :)
If you really want to write a letter, hand it to the receptionist.
how about ubiquitous
did you see Logan Mankins' play today? Best LG since John Hannah, and big reason for Patriots run resurgence
you. o.o
thank you very much for tonight Risa! All of you on the panel were incredibly inspiring!!!!
You get a line, I'll get a pole. We'll go fishin in a crawfish hole. Five-card poker on Saturday night, church on Sunday morning.
R U coming 2 the 'R U The Voice?' tour? First stop 2MORROW at 6p at Antioch Church in Long Beach, CA. Join us! It's going 2 be AWESOME!
We need a server side Java Developer - STAT! #ATX #Jobs #JavaJobs #JBOSS #SOAP DM for details
Is there a way to ignore or report for spam
Took you long enough big bro..do you remember me?!?!
Merry Christmas and love to all ma followers and followees.
thanks for following!
i'm a little sad i can't play google pac-man
fact. I totally agree with the jj's idea - whenever I think about ordering out for lunch at work I have to say no jj's :(
Wondering what is imbibing this morning
if you're going to 'confront' me with a bunch of he said, she said bullshit, get out of my face. like, who the fuck are you wasting my time?
“: If you #FF after midnight your followers turn into gremlins.”. Sweet. I'm gonna #ff then.
aha so YOU'RE the one who is taking our sunshine with them! Bring it back mister!!
"Take one for the team, Gorzelanny"
My job is having Brazilian dancers tomorrow on the 1st floor I'm a have to check it out
RT : I'm sorry, but your opinion & thoughts of me doesn't define the kind of person I am.
outrageous red max 213 at 7:10. Wouldn't open door for passengers! #Fail thanks for making us late
nice thrashing, what's causing that ruckus?
How am I wide awake right now??? This makes no sense?!
When it's time to clean your room And you don't know where to start
omg so today i was at southcenter and saw a gay couple holding hands and thought what if one day i randomly see larry at the mall !
still 9/10 left for me then!
Golden Showers!
Hrm - did you use a grid?
The gym music choices if I forget my iPod. Nobody wants to hear Bieber followed by REO Speedwagon followed by Lionel Ritchie
Watching minor details
Now that boosie getting out, I feel like more people are about to start getting more violent.
Any thoughts on "Hereafter"?
Interview eek
cooks D is so tight it's like strangulation. IALTO
hahah omg I was dying.
'Appy Canada Day! Especially to my mother, Manitoban at heart.
My cousins are TERRIBLE at finding Easter eggs.
Always a good sign when looking for a LB. RT : Mike Mayock says new #Titans LB Zach Brown "is somewhat allergic to contact."
Agreed. RT :I just don't buy the argument that #ebooks are more convenient than real books. More convenient than a paperback?
Best Actress Meryl Streep. After fourteen nominations she deserves it! I wish she and Viola Davis could've shared it though
of course! looking for something along those lines? Maybe not "mommy porn" but quick, easy and can't put down!
You're very welcome, Sara !
Never mix business, with new friends.
Detouring to tonight for Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour, Vegas Night 2. RU Ready to Dance!
co-founded the #BounceBeat Teen Awards to provide this generation with some formal recognition and set a standard for safety.
SUCCESS! MADE RED VEILVIT CHEESE CAKE COOKIES!! <3 yuummmm
Oh emm gee...im hungry af!
I finished my street fighter x tekken vlog.
Morning, 5th Avenue! I'm tokin' my pre-work parly and some dood waltzes by with multiple lip rings + a hat that looks like a stuffed animal.
i think I am... but ..... i dont really know
Nearly killed the dog by making him walk a half mile. Didn't even make it to the park.
its whoever performs best... Any sex and race......
Food at was delish, service a big disappointment. My food came after ', app came w/ dinner. No mgr. on duty.
Hahaha it totally would be if there were wedding blogs on the screen!!! Ha
“: Oops! On me way love! :D”: been out here 15 minutes lmao
thanks for the follow and I am already inspired by the tweets you share. Thanks.
we are pretty great.
how much u charge for nipples and industrial?
His heart withers if it does not answer another heart.
Got poision ivey this weekend and it is killing me. Want to scratch my skin off!!!!
Get it, Yo! #BrewCrew off to a great start.
4 broken ribs, dislocated shoulder, and various other sprains, strains and bruises but still kicking. I showed that truck who was boss!!!
no, I meant on the commons
Can't wait for the Texans to start playing 💙❤😊🏈
thank you so much. I am glad you enjoyed it. Stop again soon.
GunMitt very cold weather testing going on- 33deg, 8mph wind. pain begins at 59 degrees inside regular glove. Stay tuned..
That's fine. But I get to be armed with full auto plasma rifles. 140 megawatt range.
#schoolmemories going to school dressed in drag on a dare
When you look me in the eyes and tell me that you love me, everything's alright when you're right here by my side.
Taking clothes to a donation center: pants, shirts and sweaters.
me too!!
Happy Thanksgiving. Already missing my Annual two meals. Must settle 1.5 between Ma's and Ma in law.
It has a mind and beat of it's own.
And apparently you have Twitter. Haha. Keep doing your thing Mike. I'm rooting for you homie. I have my family and I have God.
Thanks again. Looks like we have a good start. We'll start doing our research and making some contacts!
Yo bro Lumbajack. i need ya email again.
don't send me spam!
. new book/project on mediacommons is important because it experiments with both open review and seriality
Working on a new project, I think something's wrong with me.
My 2 New Favorite songs Aree.....Overboard,& That should be me by They are the best love songs i heard this year! RT RT RT RT!
Of course Telly grew up to be a heroin addict.
A good reminder that we rock in PDX after being hailed upon yesterday when I was out seeking the sun-lol
Anyway I just spent an hour catching up on webcomics. Time for Sara(h) Shenanigans™.
you made another song that I love to dance to!
Why do I sabotage my efforts to be, a healthier version of this body? Doesn't matter. A little pain leads to less gain. Keep at it!
uhm, #google, why can't I text a people card or elements thereof any more? #ICS #android #galaxynexus NFC will not ALWAYS be answer
It's a Troll 2 kinda night!
11:11 on 11/11! I'm alive because numerology is meaningless.
“: Happy birthday to THE ITALIANS!!! ” Happy Birthday twins! :)
I feel the same about infants in coffee shops as I do about infants in bars: GTFO. Especially when barefoot.
I think it is fair to say legend so...RIP to the legend Steve Jobs....technology will never be the same!!
but he is!
I freak you right I will.
first full weekend off in 6 months WOO HOOO !! its miller time
Jlo is seating next to Meryl Streep??
Cookies + Magnificent 7 = Yay and also probably not getting to sleep until 1 AM.
Frank Isola: Red Bulls&#39; glamour Galaxy tilt hamstrung by Henry injury
Okay thanks!
yes yes. i can do that. just not this weekend. what about memorial day weekend? not sat though, i will be HUNGOVER!!
when I had jury duty, I read a bunch about him. He's not feeling well. His hands no longer grip!
Great week: Audition for recurring guest star yesterday, directing for and opening escrow for my real estate client today!
its so funny watching all these bieber groups just steal the same tweets from each other over and over like bitch that shit is not original
That is the best looking tomato I have seen in years!
Did they catch the crazy dude?
Definitely not wearing green today!
I had to disassemble it. But hey, got the right clay now, gonna do it all over again, and proudly mount/frame my first successful failure.
HGTV's eco-home goes lean and green - The Seattle Times
Well im off to work
How come they don't broadcast Lunar Eclipses live on the radio?
And we're back. We were just changing all the fonts to Papyrus, and that does take a while.
was everyone really participating? Sure looked like it on TV
' Just got woke up out a fire as nap!
well its raining
Going for the golf #TeamGolf #LetsGo @
Soon as I get a job xD which seems like never lol
Woo! is our newest member! Welcome aboard, Gary! It's great to see your 3d printer make so much progress so quickly. :)
Use Twitter to display your business growth,charts, statistics, & other factual data.
We had to cut some of the song considering it was originally 6 minutes long
Tomorrow can wait till tomorrow..it's all About tonight
thanks Heather...I think my motto is "go intense or go home!"
Thanks to for having us at their event last night! Custom label wine is a MUST for every wedding!
tell me too! RT Anyone with a preference for a website annotation tool? (Looking at AnnotateIt, crocodoc, Diigo, and A.nnotate.)
Twitter fuckin up too many times
At purple onion for the afternoon. Holla at ya girl.
New Music dropping June 1st. My debut EP BarakTheRapper. Uptown in this.
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy. ~Dwight L. Moody
#PhD #School #Motivation #Ugh Can’t wait for this semester to be over, so I can do something not school related !
is Snapback Better Than Fitted Hats?????
#thisweekend its Landons BDAY...we bout to be so gone!!!
typo your
lmao, because I don't want to. Be happy I'm following you.
lol! So u already know what's good!
effin tell me about it....I wish I could retweet this ya betch. getting burned so bad at work....FML
if okc get past the Lakers then they got it made
Fetters was 2-5 from the line before that make
it's boring unless you're on the 54th turn with that's as exciting as the draw something gets
Tailgating at Qwest Field. Go Chargers.
Guilty as charged, with the stories.
We have a new server ready - vpn-co25 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
There is still time to meet the Ranchers. Come in down.
Watching Fashion Police with Viggle Fri | 21 | E! Get real rewards just for watching TV.
the line of support vs marketing is one we struggle & work with everyday. Great presentation!
I can't wait until the day I come home, kiss my wife, rub her pregnant stomach and wish her a Happy Mother's Day........EVERYDAY Yup
The Pokemon World Championships are at my hotel. Gotta Catch 'Em All. Awesome
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet
That is a fantastic show and have watched it since the beginning. I think you'll love it!
. I can't wait to hear how good tacos and marg are (read: nobody cares about the dude w/o taste)
No't Cool Boy No't Cool....
Hi there Booyah_Boom
Good for you. What about everyone else's kids though? How do we help everyone b/c if we don't then all of us lose?
: i don't think this will EVER get old...
Thanks for following us on Twitter much appreciated
bad defense celtics
