yea buddy I have to go to the bus stop cya
It's 62 degrees in the house. It's the middle of June. I refuse to turn the furnace on. No.
agreed. That didn't make a whole lot of sense to me
Ah Friday. My favorite day of the week. #FF list coming up! Going to have some new comers and some old favs. Stay tuned....
Teaser: Check the blog Monday morning for a giveaway from You could win one of six $25 gift cards or a jacket :)
I feel like you just moved... RT : Anyone know any good packer/movers?
hit my boost G
I miss u too
Let JOY lead. How will it feel in your body to tend to your #creative sparks?
Going to my first Detroit Lions Thanksgiving game on Thursday. Not a fan of either team...but free tickets will not go wasted
#NationalBurgerMonth + #FF = Burger Follow! What up D.C!? Earn rewards by checking with #Belly at and
Dear - I'm so tired of seeing Kwame's face on the front page of your website.
Just impatient, that's all.
the video I just linked to is our marketing coordinator Ben Kercheval explaining the new website--www.americancapitalhomeloans.com
Whats up how u been
Flash still exists? RT : If there's one thing to take home from this strategy panel? Flash = bad. Mobile = good.
Saying goodbye to one of my dudes, seeing my old high school pals, spending a week in STL. Not mentally or physically prepared at all.
There are no hummingbirds in Australia.
I am the manliest thing. Even my my mangina is macho.
NOONE SPEAKS WISCONSIN DOWN HERE IN TENNESSEE!!!!!!!! X( grrrrrr
Water in 1 local neighborhood so contaminated, the DNR says "Don't drink it." Who's to blame? The I-Team gets answers, Tonight at 10, TMJ4
#Hoes come out heavily in the summer time. This good weather brings relationships drama.
Basic Questions!
haha yeah shes great. we always hit up angel games and i make fun of her team because im a sox fan nd weve owned them in oct
W T #FOK? FRIENDS OF KEITH
True you may not even like liquor no more
Wakefield is not going to get win no. 200 tonight for the #RedSox- Albers allowed an inherited runner to score for Royals in 6th.
are you going out after? Might not make sense to bring Stella.
I got sunburn on a beach in March in Wisconsin.
Hey nba comissioner, raise the hoop. These guys look fucking ridiculous dunking with their elbows.
I hope this week flys by really fast!
thanks do much ^__^
En route to STL for Jane and Jimmy's wedding :) Excited to see college friends!!
The horror! lol All you need now is some Ed Hardy jeans RT : silk shirt with Abercrombie sweats...oh yeah, that's how I roll ;)
Commonwealth Games. The next Pan-Am Games begin two weeks from now in Mexico. Will the Canadian media give them good coverage because.....
Back on track with the #SWEEP last night. 2-0 +40 units
Hope you will be. Good Luck!
Happy Palm Sunday to my fellow Christians! And go Knicks tonight!
"and I love to spend the night"
listening to interview with joel pett and i don't think joel pett realized he was looking like a fool, leaving out the facts
Jessie Holeva Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
shell is where it's at!
Follow or get unfollowed.
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning. ~ Aristotle
Just decked
Have you stopped exercising? Get back to it ASAP today, girlfriend! You CAN do it!
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions
would you iron my shirts please?!
We Love Colors, it's a clothing company
Enjoy your weekend all ! Much love
because its free! lol
NTMY as well! and thank you for the follow! Thank you for your follow too! Happy Friday from WWVC!
Impossible, wrong day :)
#IfIHadAGUN I would pop your motherfuckin Top Off!....
Def. with Google super helpful when trying to get high precision.
I can not believe I juss cracked my f.cking screen :(
oh well! lets go! :)
when do u get back from Vegas?
Beanie has more upside, I go with him
Did Zooey Deschanel really just ask her iPhone if it was raining outside?
Macaulay culkin & Elijah wood as kids, crazy good. I still remember the ice skating scene. #hoyasaxa and all that haha
Happy Easter :)
When the going gets tough, the tough get going. What happens when the tough run out of places to go?
When does your show start on #Bravo and will you join Andy Cohen for an after show session?
Studio session tonight.
thought that was pontiac.... Bet it up
Love the red kit's the USA are wearing.
Searchable Layers in #photoshop #cs6 is nice!
Reading Japanese Cool: Patterns of Manga Literacy and Discourse. Totally adopting it for my linguistic anthro class in the fall. Banzai!
Finally seated w/ at the #shortyawards after an amazing day touring NYC! Can't wait for the show to begin!
When you find the right person to spend the rest of your life with, that strong feeling of love will surpass any obstacle.
Can't believe I'm still at work
Waiting for Twitter to play me for my Tweets. I don't for free.
Np. Just have students dominate finals first.
I support it but don't think the country is there yet. 5 to 10 % in the middle flips too much. Too influenced by negative ads.
Happy SEC National Championship Day!
That's good to hear! Because I can't write a lick of code!
Not all who wander are lost...
This presidential election, Americans will decide if they're going 2 give up the superficial notion of being a #Christian Nation
haha oh no!!! i'm glad i'm not alone in w-day dreams!!
Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three. mind=blown
The parasite float is one of those things that is too weird to be fiction - nobody would believe it in a story!
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. -Ben Franklin
Had fun meeting Mat of in Chinatown last night.
Followed[:Follow BAck ?
East reunion tonight at the game?
I'm looking forward to the day when I'm
me too! Especially now that I actually know it tomorrow lol
First Texas high school football game tonight - why has it taken me this long?
-thank u girl. So did you!
avocado baby.
- BLT is my favorite song of all time. Nothing on Brotherhood can touch it, but there are some good/charming tunes on there.
Almost done with A&R research project. Vacation in the morning!!
1 more problem w/ fracking. Along w/ poisoning water, messes local economy. Guests from Tioga say rents unaffordable cuz drillers pay big $$
2 car crash on HWY 26 eastbound near the zoo is blocking the left lane. Crews on the scene.
Do NOT eat the after-rain mushrooms unless you have plenty. The little leprechaun hovering next to me is hungry and I don't have any more.
Gray hoodie time .
is a skins fan? Seriously? That explains it all-ALL OF IT LOL
It's a small world! Gotta love Twitter. (P.S. Too bad the doggie eyewear is an April Fools gag - cute eh?)
if only he had his angels
The Colts should be serious about RGIII as Tebow is about being the starting QB in NY.
Up bright and early!
Sneak Peek show starts tonight around 10:30
Is this Jobs? RT : Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
I'm Unfollowing you. You're worse than the Twerk Team.
Now tell him to get a Twitter account!! Go to WORK tonight boys!
A tablet, a granola bar, and loud AC/DC. Time to tackle some retouching.
Barrera: This is not a SDUnified issue-over 100 dists in this state already formally said may not be able to pay bills
We have yours! And will be notifying everyone about decisions today or tomorrow.
since your from chicago, cubs or sox? :)
Romnesia: Forgetting Romney flip flopped on assault weapons ban he supported as MA Gov.
Of cours! Where are you from? LA?
Terrible day for sports. Great day for refrigerators.
Wake up it's about that time
Those people that can be sarcastic about every single thing.. Yea those are the people I want to shoot in the face.
The 5 Best Budget B&Bs in the North of England - LSMedia
can't wait to hear all about it
Those were the days.
Living in Austin the last two years has made me no stranger to a good AC. In fact, a Texas friend described LA as "breezy". Ha!
Caffeine in the morning, Sleep aide at night. Must stop the madness!
"Possible straight draw!"
Not an idiot - just a masochistic #Mizzou #Chiefs #Royals fan.
so i got the new iphone 2 days ago and now its broken -__-
When attending your first rodeo, it is generally best to keep your vast knowledge of rodeos to yourself.
"mom your just taking advantage of mothers day" my little brother
“: #Libra is a lover of beauty and good music.”
wonders what cheese says when it gets its photo taken
Good is the enemy of best
Sorry you missed it! We would love to have been able to go too.
It's Friday! Have any fun plans this weekend? Remember to check out our page this Saturday - Monday for a new awesome coupon to print!
WHY IS EVERYONE SO IGNORANT
#ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou Will She Think Im a Weirdo or a Stalker?
We would like to congrat Sarah Greenberger Raferty for her cover on ARTnews, December 2011 edition
if you don't vote- don't complain
and to the late historian Manning Marable, father of , for winning the Pulitzer for his Malcolm X biography.
I was 21 at the time, but I did not go to the game. Do you remember the attendance for that game by any chance? Was Lalas a rev
bickin back being boo same old nigga from grade school
WELCOME to the Best City In The World! We welcome you with open arms!!!!
Alex Maryol is just one of our blues performers scheduled for Blues at the Blueseum this Sunday! Fun starts at 1pm!
to funny! The gal that drove us to the CWIM event last year from Tami's house.
I am talking about affordable housing and the homelessness services budget for next year, which will remain the same as it is this year.
Busy day! Now on the road to Mississippi
thanks for the follow! def sending your info to a couple friends who would love your product!
My sleep schedule is screwed.
you have the prettiest eyes. ❤
i sit in class on twitter from 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. and im passing with an A waddup lol
So peaceful!
hey when you reply you have to put my name! Lol.... I never knew you responded. Lol
MAY is definitely my favorite month.
Happy Easter! Those on the email list enjoying tons of Free picks today. What a perfect day to turn it around and climb back up!
Making my final trip to mom's place :(
Yup, at least #Tigers won
iLove our society we judge on the.clothes.people.wear there skin colour it apparently can tell if there gay homeless poor etc. Like
Thank you Lord for the Opportunity!
That awkward moment when you slept on your wrist all night.
I seriously act high half the time & I don't even smoke weed.
RT : features Tomokazu Matsuyama --great exhibit I highly recommend!
I'm ready for hot summer nights, swimmin, stayin up late, and all dat other sappy summer shit... Summer, jus makes everythin better...
can i get a follow back please :-)
Since you're the expert, I'll give it a try
I need help,picking 2 in a PPR league. Assuming AP goes 1, do I take CJ, Foster or Charles? Thank you
Damn it. Will be in Phoenix for an Isagenix University.... Poo.
today I'm spending the day with my mama.So i cant :( Okay, how about this Friday coming up?Love you<333
So I Gave This Twitter A Try....I Like It...
oh yea OchOCinco baby!!!
"Twitter for iPhone" - seems that qualifies as camera?
259k at last break of the day. Average is 190k. 11 left. Stopping at 9ppl or 2 hours.
What a lovely spring day
BLAM! Bitch Pudding in the house!
yes & then be having the nerve to say, I don't wana offend you, but I think you cute n'shit, nigga what!?
yes indeed!
2. Keep original raw footage unedited #preswk12 well organized and backed up
#FF "Know your role models all platinum n gold!"
Like you've never accidentally eaten an entire can of black olives while cooking pasta sauce.
any update on ur touchpad purchases?
I already snagged mom's shirt with my claw, so I'm good for about 20 minutes, MOL!!!
hahahaha awwh I just did by myself... & I knoww!!! How are you?!
Every time Joe Biden sleeps late, his goddamn motorcade jams up my commute. Prez should insist he get to work earlier.
I know relatively little about the guy, but doesn't it seem like Andrew Jean-Baptiste should have locker next to James Marcelin?
God damn please let me die
your way to beautiful. :)
thanks for your service
Lovely work you are doing:)
@/blondesouthgaga wont let me get her a birthday present after she fucking saved my life! :((( talk her into it people! :))
Getting ready for Good Earth Plants open house this Fri. afternoon & Sat. morning showing: green walls, green roofs & rainwater harvesting.
Love the duct tape reference.
Anybody wanna hang out with me I'm at
Either relationships are really this confusing or he just makes them this confusing \:
A commercial for Internet Explorer? I guess browsers are like wine and colleges: the good ones don't need commercials.
Pure music
LOVE YOU, Idol!! xo
Wonder how much Leonard Cohen makes every time some bunch of schlemiels decides it would be a good idea to use it on TV.
“:The mst beautiful music in da world is ur heartbeat. It assures u that ull survive even when da world leaves u alone.”
how did you know it was me? Nice...
WEB SITE IS LIVE!!! We just got our first order ever! ataxicapparel.com
I love taking cats... especially Mcats
I'll sell it to you, if you wanna come see if it fits? I'll be home tonight and tomorrow
love has no gender l-g-b-t<3
or the kid's heavy Austrian accent
has 99 problems and being a b*tch is one.
“Lawyers are people who write a 10,000 word document and then call it a brief…”
2 1/2 Hours till school ends...can't believe it's here
Thanks! Currently you can edit the messaging under Settings but everything else is in English.
awesome you'll live she is awesome friends with
OMG I JUST SAW THE NEW SHAKE IT UP WITH U GUYZ ON IT AND IT WAS AWESOME!!! i think im dyeing of an iconiac heart attack !!!!
Liz started out singing; then did musical theater; & it evolved into acting. & Now she's writing orignial music. How could you not be proud?
I'm pretty sure my snail fell off the glass. #dumb snail. Y U NO SUCK ON ALGAE?
hard to explain: it was the handout for 2-hour webinar, and somehow printing it felt like sticking it to the man.
Pro:24:16 NLT"The Godly may trip seven times but they will get up again."
M.I.A. and Nicki:don't let Madonna kiss you.She will drain the force right out of your body.
All I wanna do is sleeeeeppppppppppp
Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other. Carrie P. Snow
I 'll say a prayer for you and your family to make it thru the fires safe and unharmed.
“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.” ~ Groucho Marx
I think so. LOVED your piece on Ballack, by the way.
Biggest fuckin smile on my face right now this girl is simply the best person I've met in my life!
I can't wait for football season!
HI! RT : We're headed to #SiliconValley to talk OTP NVM from May 14-17!! Say 'hi'! Great restaurant rec's welcome!
If I was working a camera for this game, I wish my only job was to Iso Boeheim
They should make some cotton candy skittles
lol o ok how are you
what's that?
thats Tim for you always switching things up that people say
RT : Breaking: : Indianapolis Regional Transportation Council just voted to move #indyconnect plan forward"
If I was the Popz I would've left Dori's ass in the swarm of jellyfish. That shit is dangerous
I love going organic food grocery shopping.
Don't miss the documentary this weekend 'In the Mirror of Maya Deren'—a film about a very important filmmaker of the the avant-garde.
RT : We didn't get to taste it, but Oktoberfest menu also includes a Beef Stroganoff and a Black Forest Cheesecake.
BAYBE TAKE A CHANCE OR YULL NEVA EVA NO.
How did The Drunk treat you on St Patty's? Any pics? Post them to flickr and tag "sweetbands."
Thanks for the RT!!!! I greatly appreciate it!
Hey, been busy putting together my DFTH charity together. any donation ideas? congrats on the new single?
look me up its under ashley coronado,,,,,, my last status on there was icant wait to have this baby
finally tried the black bean cakes wth pineapple rice...YUM!
Hilarious!RT : If a girl buys you white Wife Beaters, Headphones or a Basketball for Christmas she thinks you are a Loser!
“The banks,” Senator Dick Durbin said in 2009, “are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill. And they frankly own the place."
Last chance to see my zombies at the Denver Museum of Miniatures, Dolls and Toys in the next couple of days!! Check it out, it's awesome!
I hear Librarian Martian is as tall as Clementine, but I not believe!
I agree. High school should have around a 35-second shot clock. Just something to end stalling in last 5 mins.
Being single >>> . Just for now 😊
planning CEU event in conjunction with an evening w/ NYC dates to follow. 1st event as CountryFloors
Don't miss the party this weekend at Static Nightclub! Tables filling up fast, call 412.720.1396 or to reserve yours now!
Dude, you leave LA and earthquakes hit the East Coast--5.9 in DC--talk about shaking things up
Less than a week until #Edcampss. It's going to be a great learning and sharing experience. See you there.
RT Angry rappers.
Going to bed angry tonight
#staytrill is trending! Lol all for
SWAG ME THE FUCK OUT
yes, but how many points did Deron Williams score in his first 10 games as a starter?
#Thatminiheartattack when you put a check swing in the hands of an umpire.
Francis Scott Key watched the bombardment from the deck of the British ship. The attack started in heavy rain on the morning of Sept.13th.
#f1 congrats to Red Bull Racing and Renualt on Constructors Championship. Crazy to not impose team orders for Webber, but like no team favs
why noott? i was gonna see you play! jk i cant go :(
i think you meant: we're* gonna hang out every day*
Might be a brown sock and white sock RT : Fact: #Lehigh is now 2-0 since has sported a headband.
tell him that yall are a bunch of dancing justin biebers. And if u could be back up dancers for him(:
My blazed ass just spilled bong water on myself, so disgusting!!
Second: Prayers for my grandpa today. He's have a pacemaker put in.
Good morning to you ,you and you
I was going to move back to LA but someone convinced me not to...
Sleep is for quitters
stage ouse tavern tonight lets have some fun
Seafood Boil Tonight at Fresh, only a few spots left. Great meal on our Patio tonight!
for real go follow
I just Dm you ok
Our collections should be a mirror of our community AND a window to the world.
Thanks for the follow !
- I really loved your indepth interview with and Chok the way you spelled your name at the end! thumbzup
every little kiss is drivin me wild, throwin little cherry bombs into my fire
There are still tix available to tonights #Buckeye game at Northwestern! Game starts at 8:30 eastern/7:30 central!
I'm downn what time?
Okay I am coming over :-)
running for office is officially back on the table
go play your instrument and write a song tonight. It wil make you feel better.
lmao! i only smoke a lot when im in texas or with margarita. so im good. lol.
Nancy Pearl recommends Tom McNeal's "To Be Sung Underwater," a novel that opens in a small #Nebraska town
didn't know it @ the time but he created the perrfect logo for ScanMan=). WIth some minor adjustments, u will c soon!
I love you cub
Need to talk to you about KC Gents and beer-drinking for KC Star! Write or call 816-234-4442.
answer my dm
RT : Brewers agree to three-year deal with free agent LHP Randy Wolf with a club option. Deal is worth just under $30 million.
I hate how instagram is only for mobile things. >.< Like, faaack, i need my ipod to be on my ihome, dude!
- *most* people, but not all :)
#PointlessCeleberities Madonna! She cant sing, she needs to retire and do something else! Her time is up, she needs to accept that
Don't Be Overly Greedy For Happiness... A Great Obstacle To Happiness Is To Expect Too Much Happiness...
Aah Austin's just the cutest :')
i knew i was right !
its tomorrow dummy
"Do good and talk about it"....;)PR
Just freaked out thinking I left my keys in the smoky mountains then realized they were in 's car
php 5.4 seems nice, but all the new stuff still seems like afterthought bolt-ons.
Ha ha! I'm like no, I said delivered!
Being actually the most productive in the library
Im hungry as Fuck #
We are in the business of enabling our clients to develop meaningful, measurable and lasting relationships with their clients.
Broadcastr. Wow! Amazing product
can I be one of the charters in your new story?!(:
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Hot Ham and Rolls Available from 8am- 1pm
You can tell a great musician by their use of dynamics, space, and an understanding of phrasing.
My night is just falling apart...I'm damned near going to bed
I gave up. Hardly on the twitter'er any more - I don't know if I'm getting old and loosing my multitasking abiity or what!
Oh, and enjoy the warm mixed nuts! Safe travels.
but belts suck sometimes!
Why does anyone do this? RT : egad, why do orgs have videos and audio set to auto-play on their front page of their websites?!?...
Hey my kardashians are on tonight
Thanks for the shout out!<3 :]
RT : #bbw. ( Be back whenever )< This is falling out funny! lol
Let's help him get 200k before Christmas! :D
well good you better. Rip shit up if they don't have it.
It might be Monday, but that doesn't mean you can't have a good night. It's happy hour till close!! Come celebrate something!!
Thanks! The sad truth is I don't own an e-reader or tablet or even a smartphone. I blow too much $$ on concerts, CDs, & iTunes.
Boy, I sure hope so.
my best friends... Andrew, Ulysses and Benji
Finally, all the copies of the *redacted* book I've bought are in. ONE IS ALREADY MISSING. People, do not steal this book. I'll kill you.
The way to lose is to think losing is the end of everything, a way to win is to realize what was lost makes room for something better. ♥
okay and how is the class in general? Hard/easy??
In Montreal first part of next week at #140confMTL, but possibly in NYC on Thursday...
Up cant sleep well I guess thts y they called vegas tha city tht never sleep
so sad right now my nephew died this morning
Remember that Tango Lessons and S.I.N.are cancelled this tonight. They'll resume at 7pm and 10pm next week like always!
Sorry. Had a previous engagement in the Free Republican Territories. ;)
“: Sex is the best breakfast”
Ain wanna leave my Aj & my Marco this morning :/
thanks for including my blog post!
;) happy sweating, lady!
You know you're not a gangster when you spell it right.
So you see I have come to doubt, all that I once held is true, I stand alone without beliefs, the only truth I know is you
U guys (Bengals) keep ur heads up..knw that u have some prayng 4 ur succss. Be encouraged, u guys best days r ahead! Be blessed!
Looking for investors for my business, selling stock certificates with options for my company to buy back with interest. Let me know
hey school gets done in 10 minutes i couldnt wait to see how your day is going! so how is it going?(: 143
I appreciate the words of Bishop Blake and all that he is for people. Love you. Dr. Cynthia Harris former Chairlady COGIC
My mind is all over the place today. Blah.
100% agree. "Click a Mouse, Lose your House" is the most ridiculous modern example of overprotective gov. Just needs regulation.
So tired gotta finish my project text me.
Oh fuck yes to this grilled cheese.
Amazing. I was gonna call Sprint tomorrow. You, my friend, are psychic.
Alex Lobos, a more recent addition as a professor, will be on the drums
I'm so bored their nothing to do lol can someone tweet me please
yeah nothing gonna happen except my y2k party 12 years of planning went into this party. nothing better fuck it up... ;]
"The fruit didn't look fresh so I made some sawmill gravy instead." -- Chef at last week's breakfast meeting; #huh?
Good luck!!! RT : Day 1 of p90x. Starting it all over again! Time to build the muscle!
at least I paid attention ;-)
sounds like a good dinner to me!!
You know ur not a celeb unless deadspin follows u. Go Kaner love the T shirt w the limo pic -- now thats a sense of humor.
Survived the tornadoes. KC is fun. /sarcasm
also everyone in the western world has seen Prototype Boyzone's 1st TV appearance on the #latelate show I'm a good judge of hopeless dancers
I'm just leave this alone I'm annoyed
I just want to let everyone know that is the sweetest and most beautiful person I know. I love her with all my heart. <3
Lakers really not athletic enough just being real
This Derby broadcast is so awkward. Some of the interviews are painful to watch.
My bf makes me so happy and I don't even need a ring or the L word to say so.
“: my favorite thing shopping” where should I go?
Riseeeeeand get to it
#Celtics Down 19... We can come backk! Just ask the
you are probably better off marking it as junk. Unsubscribe rarely works.
Excited to announce our 1st event with on Oct 15! Great workout, giftbags, and giveaways! Stay tuned for RSVP info. Pls share!
Um I am hungry who is cookin.....
Loved my time at the People's Improv Theater this week. The Shows were great and I had fun performing in their Jams.
I'm tempted to!
I want to look back and be able to smile at my past And know that i did all the wrong things for all the right reasons
what's wrong? ):
next time you're in the Phinneywood, let me know!
Oh did I forget to mention I'm OFF TOMORROW! Thank Jebus!
u guys can't be upset at least u guys had the best record in the NBA that's an accomplishment!!!!!
Kentucky at Florida at noon explains the high attendance at the 9:00 Eucharist.
The word "bacon" dates to the 1500's. In Middle English "Bacoun" referred to all pork. By the 1700's "bacon" referred to only cured pork
Mandy Patinkin once @'d me. I still brag about it... BTW Once Mandy Patinkin @'d me. :)
I get along better with guys.
Loving this cold weather Houston
- thanks for the RT
hey did you ever visit some club named rush in miami
Are you following ?
Was it working? I want to buy it! :(
Thank you, Luv ... of course, you're not biased at all. *shaking head* nope. :O)
I couldn't twitter much cuz I was at gymnastics camp the whole week
Just Had To Snap TF Outta Here Nigga!
So much sleep last night
Watched the 45 m interview of w/ - these dudes just kickin it, playing Tekken- nice to see, felt like we were there!
Mini Corndogs, duh
I just can't justify queuing up for that long to drink beer.
Who you are and who you love should never have to be a secret..
": shout out . Bing"<--Thanks for the shout out my dude
Picks Brockers L.Miller Streeter Sensabough Chapman D. Martin, Bentley, Givins, Crick, Ryan Miller, Cousins, Reyes, K.Wright Worthy
We'll take it to the sky, pass the moon to the galaxy As long as you're with me, baby
RT : Happy Last Day of Classes!
“: yes mam!!!” the Guys an I will be there" cant wait to see yall!” :-) even if i smell like campfire?
Nothing is cheap which is superfluous, for what one does not need, is dear at a penny. -- Plutarch 46-120 AD, Greek Essayist, Biographer
LSU and Bama should remain #1 and #2. No doubt about it.
“: The curse of knowledge -- look it up #pdxdmc” oops @ daveatnorth
He has a gym membership at Curves
#math #education RT : Mohammad Noor introducing interesting math tools to the audience
Nothing like the smell of procrastination to start your day
I have to travel to GoodYear to rescue one of little friends after class. Blah.
“: Had a conf. call in a minivan with so we could knock out a loop around Greenlake after. #teamFROGBOX”
nothing quite as nice as a quiet, peaceful, alone day in my studio....no distractions(except FB!) and now I shall get back to painting! :)
what up witt it bro?
I loved memorial's coach after the game, "sometimes you're the hammer, sometimes you're the nail." Perfect quote for situation.
RT : Can you combine #STEM & Humanities, what about Fine Arts? Let's talk interdisciplinary! #PBLChat 9pm EST tonight!
Of course it's another great night for soccer. Love playing outdoor soccer. Should be a good game for my team. We shall see.
Hey...I like your face.... Kbye.
Breakfast at MiMi's Cafe was delish! We had an egg white omelet and it came with fresh fruit! Yum!
Reading Foucault, having seriously intense flashbacks to hard trips I had on disassociative drugs. Dude was in touch with something bigger.
Lunch time! What's everyone up to this weekend? Any events?
I'm planning my work and workin' my plan! I am becoming a good juggler!
"I'm not trying to get you in trouble" is how dudes these days find out if someone has a boyfriend LOL
RT : Jared just sent me a picture of his dildo collection. I'm not as concerned as I should be.
RT : "Compassion has no limit, kindness has no enemy."~ Anonymous
What do you wanna do? Find 'em and get 'em? [fist breaks window pane]
damn, Bitches got there legs open like the jordan logo.
#iaintnoquitter r u playin it yet?
#spikelee is such a #bonehead !
If someone says they're bisexual people automatically focus on the gay aspect.
welcome! And yess(:
I wish!!! Those were pretty delicious!
Returning to NYC in time for a massive snowstorm. Hope I can make it back to the office tomorrow! Save travels to all!
I don't give out any beats or samples to just anyone....so wat you can do is come over to my studio in my apt...then I'll show u
yes very true!
there is a banjo part in The Entertainer?!
Day 8 of project Aaliyah's "Rock The Boat" tribute.
I did not win nerd of the day. Congrats to Nina! Well-deserved for the cool cartoons she brought for the class.
Our prayers go out to the victims and families of those who were lost and injured in the tragedy at the Indiana State Fair last night.
I dont like you.
Nice walk in the snow - and the best news, Charlottesville's snow plows are already on the job.
Obama! Nice work, man.
Burger time bruh
Finally grab a bite to eat. , check yourself with , pick up your buddy from &
JOIN our MOBILIZATION RALLY w/Team Ross & Actor/Activist DANNY GLOVER tomorrow/Sunday at 10:30 am at 24th & Mission!
Never going back to ny
Personally, I favor enhanced play capability @ Wrigley RT Fan sentiment seems to favor enhanced replay capability in Wrigley
Michael Jackson died at age58 Whitney Houston died at48 John F.Kennedy died at38 Amy Winehouse died at28 ..How old is Justin Beiber again?:}
ITS ME;)
Thanks so much and for your Klout love. Have a fantastic Easter!
Thanks for the ecomonday shouts!
Won't you let me be your heartbreaker? yeeeaah
believe me, I feel your pain!
#P.A.M.TransportInc: A #Solid company with #Great management structure.#Office to #Maintenance crew, #Everyone is #Dedicated to #Excellence!
You too Al! See you then! RT : I wish I could !!!!!!! See you in Anaheim
nope! All are alliterative, not rhyming.
What an awesome #GUDay2012. Why haven't we started satellite GUDays across the U.S. yet? Everyone should celebrate the last day of classes!
a day of #sopa protests and site blackouts is not the best day to announce a site redesign.
Safir about to kick it at WITZEND...get here if you can
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
Maybe I just follow fashion nuts! -- Work is great! How are you doing? We should get together sometime soon!
goes yard again. 2 HR in 4 games so far this season.
RT : eat less,,mostly plants and whole food with 45 minutes of excercise daily is a great plan!
we would love to have ya'll show off some chevys in front our home and garden show www.lhaevents.com
RT Self-regulation is overrated. People should try regulating multiple selves. Much more fun.
I just hope I find time to read After Sorrow! I'll add the new rec to my growing to-read list. Have you read Matterhorn?
ha....ha.... you think you funny huh lol
It's #nationalhugabandgeekday!!!
All natural mood infusion beverages that pick you up and let you down easy, w/o the side effects. www.healthfacts4all.com
Less than 15 hours I will be 18!! Woohoo (;
thank you LT!!!!! see many people agree the game sucks!!!
that collective groan you hear is from your fellow #towelup members... "not you too Brandon"
If only my mom hadn't taken me to my first protest over 20 years ago. I could just be a sheeple and drink my latte like a compliant citizen.
i hate when my power goes out long enough just to fuck up my clock and then comes back on
I'm Hungry Again. I Want A Late Night Snack.
favorite fast food joint? “: We have Browns Prez M. Holmgren tomorrow on RBS, questions for the top man?”
he is in my grade and i aint guna say his name on here he's ex might flipp
Thank you!
All my life I've wanted, just once, to say something clever without losing my train of thought. ~ Robert Brault
You're my favorite!!
Portlander is upset that his roommate ripped off his idea to get a rat tail, that he ripped off from some random guy at a bar.
Talked to the producer last night. New material to be in the works very soon
Tracking my order
Woot woot! RT Looking forward to our stay next weekend at the - Penthouse baby!
We get about a dozen damp Denver days a year.
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness. - Julia Roberts
what is the mormon vote breakdown? just curious since we always get to hear evangelical or catholic vote breakdown among candidates
Dance to Sexting by Blood On The Dance Floor!!!!!!!!!!!! Please!!! :D <3
ok i think i will. he doesnt know wat he started >:)
Hahaha such great friends
A person can succeed at almost anything for which they have unlimited enthusiasm. - Charles M. Schwab
should be interesting :)
Pure comedy
i can't write 6 pages -____-
Awesome (and washable!) :)
r u coming to florida?some1 told me u were and that u were having a concert?if u r plz reply!i wud want to go to ur concert!:)
that panda must have excellent health insurance
now that I can't work anymore, I really miss it though.
Happy Thanksgiving! Enjoy your friends and family!
Morning Momma! How was your Mother's Day?
I will miss your tasty treats. Sorry to see you go.
Asks a credible and characteristically important question to Gingrich and he gets booed. Gingrich gets standing O.
fuck your debate
sadly no, but there is a rumor we'll be presented at Genblue. I sent some free codes over to them.
Ria Resources Corp. - Annual General Meeting Announcement
Also, why can't I spell tattoo correctly?
Just had a big AHA moment with ContentDM after a couple days of struggling with a particular Web page.
I literally just cries from laughing so hard....something I haven't done in a long time! #thankstom 👍😂
And, what's the verdict? Don't you feel like you've got sunshine running through your veins? :-)
I hate how tired I suddenly get sometimes just before its time to go to work!
Great event tonight !
get your beast on tonight!
The weight loss formula is simple. Burn more calories than you consume. Everything else is extraneous.
lets get married right now !! lol
not hard enough.
SXSW Flavor: Peanut butter and vanilla with smooth milk chocolate yum!
When you don't have to work Mondays it does. LoL I love stuffed crust pies from pizzahut. "nom nom nom' LoL
Looking for some Spring/Summer colorful graphic Ts? Just bought a bunch from Old Navy and they are all fantastic. Highly recommend!
I hate giving back that hour of daylight...but enjoying the extra hour of sleep!
#design RT : #confab12 Content Strategy feels more primary than Design Strategy. They're the math to our physics, if you will.
A tale of two cities: Dull and Boring
“: Lets go #76ers! Beat Boston. I can't stand when the Celtics win.” <--- Seriously, this man is a genius.
yeah I'll just wear em hahah p.s I think I got burnt. Don't be embarrassed to be with me please!
It's pretty cool. I like all the pictures and stuff. As for you following me now? Thrilled! Super great.
lol one them for me
#RememberHow MTV used to play videos? I do.
what picture? ??
Pet peeve to end all peeves: My mom: Double click all the links! /via
I'm doing great. Have a safe trip over. Can't wait to hear what you're working on.
Not always happy = sometimes black roses are appropriate
Spilled water on myself in the car and it feels and looks like I pied myself I hope no one will notice:-/
I know you didn't get one anyway, but not wrong at all.
Happy for YOU !
Each Nicholas Sparks trailer i see makes my teeth ache.
BitchBullyBook Thanks for following...
Almost out of some office supplies, looks like a order today!
What an interesting series of stops you've had today.
I am officially on da #Jermy Lin band wagon.
Thank you so much! I look forward to reading it :-)
skateparkk here we come!! my little bro lives there!! he never wants to leave!!
my penis
What the heck! I wanna go to Florida already
Golf can really ware a girl out. I'm ready for bed.
Our Access Control partner #Quintron physical detection systems are installed at White Sands Missile Range
Willie Harris on pace to become worse player than Hank Aaron XXIV.
Thank God for the George Foreman GRILL!!!!
artficlinanity: Don't send out passwords in email messages. Email is not a secure way to communicate private information. #s ...
sure ok:))
A shout out to all the Mamacitas comin out tonite to The Fox THeater celebrate Mothers Day w Calle 13 & Bang Data! Saluuuuud!
I left my book at work I'm upset.
A Christian Association followed me this morning, HA!
My co-worker also temporarily changed her last name back to her maiden name - "Brady" lol.
If people want to change, they will. In case they don't want to, it is challenging to make them do so.
Omg I miss you too! And yeah I wish I were there too! I'm gonna try to come don this summer, idk yet though.
& you make me look like a potato.
addie says she's glad y'all face-timed with us. I'm indifferent ;-)
Just starting out, but having fun and learning a lot.
#MontaEllis with the dope block on
Exactly! Hope you had a good day. Mine was totally fun!
yeah, probably. Text me?
lol. Good one!
To my Ohio people, please support and 2nite at the Grog Shop from 9pm-12am. Let's stand up and walk for breast ca ...
If I love ya, ain no question I'll give my last!
Omg. Awesome.
Had an excellent show at Pickle Park on Saturday, thank you to all who came. Wishing all my friends, family and fans a MERRY CHRISTMAS!
When cases are going well here in the Capital Habeas Unit (CHU), we proudly shout, "Choo Choo" - one of my favorite parts of the job.
5 hours of energy wouldn't have been enough. RT : More appropriate for 5 Hour Energy to sign Rafa and Djokovic than Jim Furyk.
March TODO Austin: engaging the Hispanic market panel, SXSW preview, news and events or multicultural Austin.
it's only 10:50am! You make me do proud! He he
well idk lol just pick? It'll be easier that way
oh man. I'm so super busy with classes the past week. I haven't been able to do anything! :(
Learn how businesses can reach customers more effectively using social media
That's so Raven marathon on netflix<3 I miss this show(:
Back in civilization...
thanks. If you want to look me up. kandy man
Skate 2 is the bomb
God bless the sanity of the person who wins the mega millions. at half a billion, they will need it.
HEY!!!! I just started WW 2 weeks ago!!
Xavier, right? The man with the hat. He DOES have an awesome voice!
I wanna see a game 7 just because this is the best series in the playoffs so far.
a BrazilLovesAustinMahone a
I gained 5 followers in the last hour haha I guess I'm winning. Thought I'd lose some because I showed my childish side but... NOPE!
SCORE RT A) I wish I knew. I have a feeling there will be a general return on TV to more hard sci-fi shows.
can't wait for the new album. That 1min sound bit was a really good starting off point. Wish they would come to Miami for a show
missing you.
I heart nachos..
Funny how back in the day you had your friends who always said they had your back now you dont even speak to them funny.
What up tonight Seattle???
Shout out to , go and follow him!
My new friend met her yesterday .but I feel like I've known her forever!!! Go follow her?!!
I strongly recommend getting glasses online from Warby Parker. Picking them out was fun and convenient, and the frames look great
is it really May already?
meet with high rollers. How do I know? Bruschetta n oven-roasted tomatoes with Asimov. No tater skins or cheese sticks...
Thanks! Cox is always working to give me more capabilities and the service and support is fantastic! What's not to love?
Its so sunny! :)
yay I got my twitter back!
“: I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count.” #NoComment lol
RIP Whitney Houston
Sidewalk barricades are out, snowplows are ready and we've got 10 days worth of fitted flannels lined up. Bring it on !!
Would love to! Indie film I am in may be in the Bend Film Fest so will be in Ore if it does. Maybe coordinate?
Yeah I heard 5pm today, 6pm tomorrow, no one can get it right. Not like anyone really gives a shit though.
Also, I really hope that the game companies are paying you... Because you are selling me on a LOT of games.
omg ur so pretty
what's up ? try to go to my basketball game :D should go with :) :) :)
If I could do it all over again I would.... And this time do it right.
we couldn't agree w/ you more. The 'citizens' definitely did not get their say in the naming of 'citizen's square'.
THANK YOU FOR RAINING ON MY PARADE
Did your whole system just crash? we have been working on our projects this morning and now we can't even get to the homepage!
My soul is filled with anger
I didnt think so!!!
Somethings in life are unpredictable, and right now's one or those situations where I have nothing too say.
Nathan Fillion tweeted about zombies all weekend--! RT : I'm kinda digging the utter cheese factor.
in hot pursuit for MINE, what you do or don't is not on my radar
Hot Topic :) Atleast that's what I was told... Or online
boxing is crazy. the rocky movies are crazy.
Famous quotes by Cory: "You ever just stare into the sun and be like 'Alright Sun, I'm going to see all of you and redness today'?"
Zoom zooms n wan wans..icy white honey bun..ooh there I am.
Uh, are you tweeting yourself? Haha.
“ If you have a Record & CD Collection for sale, we will buy it - e-mail or call +44 (0)1474 816043”
Habitat for Humanity dedicated homes to 6 families in north portland. What an emotional and beautiful ceremony!
I cant go a day without listening to music.
My pleasure, thanks for the opportunity to, well, collaborate!
I really need my phone to last the school day..
hehehehe yeah boy ;)
“: where r you at AV?” Navarre Beach buddy. Hope to see you guys soon
- all we need is for him to keep playing with this kind of intensity through the playoffs
we have a lot in common u like red me 2 u smile when u sleep me 2 im crazy u r 2 haha i love love u u love me? tweet me udo
I'm reading Pedaling Revolution: How Cyclists Are Changing American Cities by Jeff Mapes
everyone pray for my friend mike
I'm at a FYE conference...what CIRP surveys do we participate in? I'm hoping the YFCY survey!
Mine too.
is mt amazing cousin! i love him to death!<3
my apologies not you but Demaio
I've found myself in this cute Italian town where I swear I'm one of the only tourists. No English menus or anything! Love it.
If I'm going to pay almost $4 for an americano (which I'm not, ever again), the last sip shouldn't include a mouthful of coffee grounds
that's right, bring value. agree.
The Youth of Midway spent the night @ the church during a lock-in & are n their SaturdayStudySkills class & final rehearsals 4Sunday
Should I feel guilty that there are two contractors working in my attic all week to install my new AC system when it is 100+?
where is the trivia? I re-ask them to people and they are wondering if I have anymore. Thanks!
That weekend you thought would never actually come. And now, I'm DC bound for
BTW, not all the new fair foods will ruin your diet :)
I followed 's advice and changed my twitter picture to one that showed my face a little bit more.
Aaawwww good pic, love you guys!!! D your hair is soo long, Love it!
Tonight is Trey Grimm 6pm, and Francie Phelps 9pm taking your requests all night!
Hello Carri: Thanks for the follow.
zombies, as in black ops/callofduty!!!!!!!!!! :D
Last night some1 tried throwin an egg at us while we were walking to Big'z. I busted their shit with a full can of beer. Who really lost?
Hey kiddo how are u doing? Still setting the world on fire? Sounds like LA is being Rexxed! Where is that logo I made 4 u? Rexus!
i need a co owner....
But... nicely. I think the student will be more likely to respond if it's approached like a mistake, not an intentional insult.
I can't make it to work today, because the fan belt broke on the van, the brakes went out, and it has a flat tire.
congratulations justin glad we do not know how to see that today you turn another year of life I want a kiss for:
I know! That's a huge amount of money. Its double my YA budget.
"Our" Lakers we step up and meet the challenge, and I know Magic Johnson will be poud. #GoDodgers!
We trying to hit 1000 followers people!!! Where are all of my #carnival people? Follow for #MIAMICARNIVAL2k11 updates!
Just wanted to thank everyone who has helped spread the word about Baltimore Twestival (HFTwestival). This is gonna be big.
.: "Videos of cats playing piano: Credible, but not useful." . unpacks #webcred vs. authority vs. utility with us
I wish I had a dollar, for everytime someone called me sir.
I was wondering why they wouldn't fit though my mask holes.
AP's Minn/Wiscy chief of bureau, Dave Pyle, has the reins for final day today.More than 30 years w world's largest news co-op.
We spend the same amount of time and energy interviewing potential Temporary candidates as we do with our Direct Hire Time candidates.
RT“: iPads act as "the badge of cool," which can help reluctant librarians (&students) get into roving ref. #ala11 iste11
A TV-producer friend just said,"I think the world belongs to the storytellers." So true . . . and in so many ways!
Taking guitar lessons again...started today!
Friends come and go.
RT : It's almost bikini season boyz help me out RT : You burn 26 calories in a one minute kiss.
Crime involving horses being stolen has gone down over the past few years......nobody wants to be in prison for jacking a horse.
Mason folks: myMason portal (this includes Courses) is down. Blackboard Managed Hosting has been contacted. More info asa we have it.
Goes to show that you can buy your way to a Premiership title.
If her shoes light up she is to young for you.
when i wright my story people will be shocked what i have gone through to attain success, to tell you the truth its a joke
Just was chatting with a librarian from Baltimore and two vendors from Mango in the hot tub!
I bet it was bananas in Lexington tonight. Coming to Oregon next week?
Cool! I'm glad it was useful.
OH HEY TWITTER I'M BACK
I want to suffocate CEOs of corporations with my hairy asscrack.
": I'm All abouts My Money this summer...... So if u ain't offering that U not getting ANY OF MY TIME!!! #Simple"
Happy Birthday I hope u have a wonderful birthday :-)
This might honestly be my first time dancing to The Spice Girls...
Don't take the girl by Tim McGraw is one of my favorite songs
Watching House Hunters & saw a loft in downtown Atlanta for $190,000. What would that get u in Dtown Austin?A parking spot?
#WeWontWorkOut if you won't take me out for food of some kind
I finish a meal with a small piece of fruit if I am craving sweet. I usually bring my own if I am eating at a friend's.
and, here comes the spam. WTF was I thinking?
are trynA becum a rapper or something ?
Think I follow enough fish?
Wonder what I will have for dinner...
Get your paws out of his hair!!!!!!!! =D Oh I'll go there....Jeremy lets pick up Tom an go visit Aidan in NZ, I'll drive the Jag!
Harbaugh: "The original tweet indicated I pointed the finger at Bill Belichick and mentioned Bill’s name. I did not."
You don't realize how crucial the 'l' key is until it breaks (I had to ctrl + v all the l's in this Tweet)
So...after YEARS of trying...I FINALLY did it! I invaded your subconscious!
Rough start to the day. Good thing the next item on my list is #fridaycoffeeclub :D Time to ride a bike. :D
China needs 8% growth rate to outpace population growth (40mn PA) + avoid social collapse, EU very NB as is US who owe them $3tr.
At my nigga ant crib 3 bluntz rolled buhh many more to come #HAPPY NATIONAL WEED
maybe idk yet
Absolutely -- and I think I know JUST the one!! ; )
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!48
If you're wearing kitten heels out, you're already having a bad night out.
oh yeah? just like that?
We can't wait to see you again! RT im staying with you again next week! so excited!
TWITCAM AGAIN PLEASE!!!
oh either one fine by me :)
probably not...I suppose you just deal with it differently as time goes on RT ..do you ever REALLY get over someone you loved
Cool! I saw the ARC GIVEAWAY going on. I think I'll comment and apply. :)
Can't believe Valentine's Day is just around the corner!
Lmao watching Malibu's most wanted
where the show at bruh!
was the window OK?
#3 Luey V "jump out thurr" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
So I thought this morning while skipping every song in my mp3 "why don't I have any alice in chains or nirvana?"
you can take my spot...
nice.what u up to
I jus wanna chillax
RT : I saw today and I saw them babies too. So cute!!!- see u again soon....
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week to all the teachers on my timeline!!
BITCH that's y yo puxxy stank
Lol, I love the big red. I just really hate that crying commercial.
Evry nite I tell my 6yr old daughter a bedtime story from a diff ed experience of mine- 1st gr, HS, college etc. She luvs it.
CALLING ALL VENUES! Need a team of promoters and dj's that will walk the walk and not talk the talk. AZ PartyLife Productions 602.348.1722
Looking forward to #AAAL2012 in Boston from tomorrow. We will be there with lots of wonderful books.
I'm forever yours faithfully
are you sad austin left? :/
i talk to for 2 secs and i'm Googling "death star propulsion"
Power Rankings and week 3 wrap up to be posted later
that would imply the browns actually win that battle occasionally
standing in the middle of the crowd like... Who wants it?
you're in there like swimwear!
lol gotta save ere body
Oh my. now has a #buttmotions hashtag going.
..kill themselves..
See last tweet about housing crisis: all the more reason to sell on our Lease Purchase program and get FULL price!
we are giving away a few tickets to be on the VIP invite only guest list. This is from 7-9. I will be doing that in the next week
Got A Low Toleration 4 Bullshit!!!
Just when I was about to sleep twitter called my name
Very exciting!
they should...lol..
my pleasure--Jerry deserves to be in the Hall of Fame
Hi, Ali! Thanks for tweeting us. Can you send us a DM with the address you'd want your tank top to be shipped to? Thanks!
Smoke lovely": Thanks for following!"
hate seeing my honey leave but enjoyed the past 2 weeks. :( Going to try to focus on the wedding plans.. 5 months to go! :D
Great to know that they actually make those padded socks. Thanks!
It's on the countdown for Give 2 Max!
Yup so close
I love my president---GO Obama!!!
break time. break yourself. haha.
a bit of stirring here on the dais. looks like #atxcouncil is making ready to get back to work.
Listening to Blue II's dad talk about the dog amazing social media efforts Go bulldogs!
don't bother me while watching harry potter or i will kill you. >:3
I was off guard this was the last person I expected to text me today . . .
Why am I not surprised?
beautiful day (:
that's what she said
How many bedrooms are you looking to have?
i have a thousand different personalities.
"How's that working out for you?" "What" "Being clever."
I'll be doing an audience warm-up soon! See you then:) I'm here at the tonight show line.. Where r u? !
That's how we feel :) RT Group-sing is a little too cultish for me. I much prefer group-think.
had the same problem. Move to the city which you want to live first. No chance not being local candidate.
the blink tags wrapping the updates in the Robin Roberts piece are hilarious.
the Operation Oliver 5k starts in T minus 1h 32m -
RT looking 4 NASCAR fans to send burger recipes for event in Darlington. If you have one send to
I'VE CHANGED MY PASSWORD, TAKEN OTHER STEPS DUE TO SOMEONE HACKING MY ACCOUNT. IF YOU RECEIVE ANY MALICIOUS TWEETS PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP!!
Holy shit... The concert is tomorrow. Fuck the AP U.S. History exam, I just need to get through it to see ATL!
“: You are a SICK Guitarist Check out one day!! #CLEVELAND” thanks and i definitely will!!!
I wonder how hard it is to be the annoying Geico Gecko voice impersonating an annoying Philly accent.
Read the 10,000 business Card Giveaway on www.justsmellsogood-nation.com and post your comments today
im anti bud light, cus bud is wiser
whats your favorite song?!?! =)))
Roses The Flower of Romance by Moonmaiden
So much Bio talk, I'm drained.
Iatley I've been thinking you & I wouldn't make it if we tried , I want you to tell me you don't want see me go & you want us to grow
isn't China where hangover 2 took place anyway?
Ok , tried to treat the kids. Too bad you suck and your menu lies.
Can't agree. OSU lost to Iowa State. They have no argument in this. The two best teams are playing & are #1 & #2 tomorrow
thank you for the love! I'm a little late with response, but much appreciated!
yeaa, thanks. But he's gonna go again or come to US and go to CA or NYC, he's usually around here. & its so much money !
you're welcome :)
Can someone recommend a good book?
so excited!!!!
You know nothing Jon Snow
ha we still got time the movies at 10:p
Ha, ha... me too! Then I wouldn't have gotten up at 4:45am!!
Happy April fools day, liars.
dude what the fuck is your problem! Talking shit like that to them....
I took pictures of the tulips & apple blossoms in case they get frozen tonight.
Who wants to go see with me at MSG!?!
word. ;p
Did y'all watch Next Chapter? I'm glad to here Bobbi kris is doing fine. Heartbreaking interview but u could feel the ❤
I hate one direction.
GREAT album! RT Wes Montgomery's "Smokin' at the Half Note" is w/o doubt among my Absolute Top 5 Jazz Albums...
congrats on passing the test!
Quit being foolish...
oy no thanks
I think people were more concerned with getting rid of me than they were about winning the Cup anyway.
I didn't date you.... I dated your ass...
4) This news confirms I have no flippin' idea what the hell is going to happen. Lovin' it!
Blah blah blah.
...that and the floor being made of hot lava
What a difference a day makes - 12 hours ago it was 82 degrees. 43 now. Thunderstorms knocked out power at 11:45 and it's still out.
This game is completely over if Milwaukee can stop New York from getting to the free throw line
I'm eyeing the last one at the table.
“: exactly. That boy is gorgeous” inside and out ;)
So scattered brain right now. Going to be a different kind of weekend.
Wow...can I get a scripture reference with that claim????
aha yeah me too. I can't wait till after school.
thanks for viewing it:))
Update: TRAFFIC: WB Hwy 18/151 @ Whalen Rd (Just east of Verona) - All Lanes blocked - Traffic is being diverted to Hwy PB
I See The Blood In Your Eyes, I See The Love In Disguise, I See The Pain Hidden In Your Pride, I See Your Not Satisfied.
Enough Tweeting, Let Me Go Write This Essay -.-
no problem that's what were here for.. Hope you had a great time!!
Anyone else besides me see a #Perry#Palin ticket for 2012?
Nurses come in and put gloves on his hands so he can't pull his stuff off himself. He asks me "you want these?" Then takes them off
morning sweets. Have a wonderful day!
this game is so heated
Man this dude talking about I'm a distraction and all I am doing is sitting close to the action and evaluating players. Wtf
Riverside St. Patty's Block Party after a yoga workshop at Sunbelt Martial Arts in Mandarin. Had a great #Jacksonville weekend!
Super amped today...for no damn reason.
Statutory law is written or codified. It is known as "law on the books". It is enacted by the legislature.
Placist - possessing a deep conviction in the importance of place in many different contexts. Are you one?
What a beautiful day in #ROC! We hope you all enjoy your evening after work! Anyone have outdoor dinner plans?
what a night
Furniture, mattresses, and box springs, which can be compacted by the trash trucks, may be set out with your regular trash.
& Christoph Brunner panel on arts, perception & politics.
Got a Google+ invite today. Will futz with it later, but I think my circle of friends/etc. who would actually use it is very small.
Great time with and this morning. Thanks for giving me time to talk about Redefining Black Power!
Still need to get you on
los invasores de nuevo leon though
praise always works. Anytime.
not yet. The interview is next Monday. SUPER EXCITED. ahh i love my new iPad. Much faster and crisper than Isabelle :D
“: You are the most important person in my life.”
Day of meetings is over. Can I go home now?
Happy Halloween everyone! Find your local prostitute and ask them, "Trick or treat?"
Nice work , GI at the final buddy
It was great to speak at St. Mary's of the Woods and be with all whose passion is education.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways care and respect you, listen to you when your day is bad just let you know he cares
Looking forward to seeing you at Emory tonight.
I can dig dat to bad the pack ain't in it. still gone be a good game I'm sure the Giants getting ready to crush the patriots.
Did you know could get in a car accident by videotaping in the car? Good thing he's a good driver, oh the things he does for us :)
thank you :D
preparing for our annual DIG Gives Back campaign
But for real.. the BEST years in high school was my freshman, junior, & senior years.
sweet! (: youre the best<3 how are you today!?
You're Welcome!
Gettin Money ALL DAY!
im new to dis shit but ima get use to it and dominate
They must realize they are playing OKC not the Bobcats. They gotta come 10x harder.
The only thing that makes life bearable without love is music. A weak anesthetic if you will.
That sounds amazing
I shouldn't complain about hype as often as I do, especially when I make myself such so vulnerable to it!!
Come to Atlanta! RT : If you are a city, check here to see if I'm going to put a reading in you this fall: bit.ly/7LhyM9
I worked on the Boom
yes. And you're thinking of MDMA. I love that my iPhone autocorrect capitalized that. Just like it does with OxyContin.
In the footsteps of the re-invention of the portal: federated ID, file synchronization, mobile app mgmnt and data security convergence
call me or text me and ill explain it to you. Its kind of a long explanation and twitter wont let me type it all.
If I was being punked I would of peed my pants and run out of that building lol
Evans&#39; Loves: Beer, Buddhism
OMG THIS IS GONNA BE GREAT!
So what was your favorite part of the #acms?
Let's get this party starteD!! Singles, couples and female fatales... Fun night ahead of us! I already see some love connections happening
Only my kids would get sick after Spring Break and have to stay home again...is this karma from when I was a kid?
haha sometimes. i only draw on the bus mostly, or when i'm hanging out with my animals
you da best!
I'll be heading to T.J. Mulligans 64 for the Adrenaline show tonight. Get there early for a good seat. We start at 9:30.
#HumpDay at Monk's. Windows wide open tonight.
Dear potential employer: I really like you. Please adopt me.
MAHOMIES are one big happy family!!(: RT if you agree !?
Happy birthday beautiful! RT : I love you team breezy!
somebody talk to me
many people say the internet was a fad. now we have something else, apps and social networks that only use the internet for fuel.
Thanks very much! Glad you could tune in!
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." John D. Rockefeller
We’re feeling spicy at JD’s! RT if you are too!
Just heard Christmas Rappin by Kurtis Blow! Now I'm in the Holiday mood.
can she at least drop coolers on the street as we roll on down?!?
Milwaukee Bucks 29 Indiana Pacers 34 End Of 1st #bucks #pacers #nba (Via )
Today's BTU inspiration: "If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?" ~Kahlil Gibran
I like your name guys haha
Donald Trump~ A little more moderation would be good. Of course my life hasnt exactly been one of moderation.
#whatimissmost is my best friend, my other half, my soulmate, my happiness; this wonderful girl named
Watching last nights #TheVoice is Cyndi Lauper drunk? I love her but she kinda ruined the song
If I had one wish, and I could have anything in the world...
My twitter account has been compromised. I'm sorry for the spam message. I've changed the password, and I hope that will solve the problem.
#happyleapday everyone! Come party tonight!
your paper looks awesome. Thanks
you said just.. So I ment just..?? Lol
why oh why did I read MY FRIEND DAHMER before bed last night!?!? Amazing but super creepy!
Individual Solidarity: The Mark Huntsman Story
He promised he would be alright.. but is that the truth tonight?
Watching "The Walking Dead" on AMC. Who would've thought a show about the Zombie apocalypse would work so well.
You got it.
Norwood more polished? This kid more speed. Prob help out on special teams to start.
we love you! Thanks for the love even though we've been rather quiet. Have a woofderful week Roxy!!
i love some mcdonalds after a race
oh no, I hope you are ok??
my account is good! I have no idea why it says forbidden
I was hoping would be an effective role model and demonstrate appropriate decorum.
i'm still amazed that i picked the right major in college. here i am months after graduation, and i actually WANT to read more #TimO'Reilly
The most practical, beautiful, workable philosophy in the world won't work - if you won't.
I feel like I tweeted that once before.?? "Girls in high heels at home depot mean business"
Still my guitar gently weeps slightly out of tune
We would love to see the banner we made you in the wild!! Send us a pick.
Worldwide LGBT Civil Rights March and Rally in DC on April 21, 2012. Be there!
thanks looking for something more sophisticated
the problem with "living the dream" is that eventually you have to wake up :(
please follow :)
idk i think so but id k !:)
I agree. I've had my MacBook since 07. No problems whatsoever. Don't see myself upgrading any time soon
I raise utg, gets 3bet, I 4bet jam with AKdd, get called by KK, flop 6d2s4d, brick, brick and I'm out, suck 2 be me =\
THIS MONTH IN TAX HISTORY: 1943 Withholding taxes from wages begins, putting most taxpayers on a pay-as-you-go system for the first time.
hahaha definitely not!! Way too young!
Miracle Whip is nasty...mayonnaise on the other hand, yum. Baconaise is the best!
Just got out of surgery. Feeling like I got kicked in the stomach.
America going down the tubes.
haha oh I wasn't trying to make you feel bad or anything! Why is your back hurting?
We plant seeds that will flower as results in our lives, so best to remove the weeds of anger, avarice, envy and doubt. -Dorothy Day
Loving this WEATHER. Not too hot, not too cold.. Just right! :)
Of Course!! RT : Thanks a ton to for not one but TWO pairs of emergency contact lenses, I really appreciate it!
This is so true. My partner, a social worker trying to keep families together, is overworked, underpaid - so very wrong.
talk to you after the race good luck
RT : What can sports blogs offer sponsors? Per Offer them a deep community
Bitches be wil'n
Drinking an Oskar Blues Deviant Dales....again, probably again
My littlest one just cant take it...sound asleep on my chest in downtown disney...its a little warm out, but i'll tk the cuddle
okay ok
Fair enough. We'd appreciate help spreading the word if nothing else! We think some designs will appeal to non-players as well.
Who would have thought?! Love working for GE : -- )
I'm thrilled! i don't have to wake up at 6:D
OH my!:):) what a Beautiful girl:) oh yea! she's also an Awesome person~Amazing singer/songwriter~Actress! not enough space!
Full interview of retail #fashion truck by Guess what- that's my cousin !! Can't wait to come by!
Yes! RT Thanks to & for putting me over 400 followers! Day off here I come!
Cher is honestly my idol<3
Add revisions document to track updates to customer relation management system.
That one person who can make me smile even on bad days.
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
Look forward to having a dram with you soon!
I'm looking forward to the 8 periods of class for next year (:
Your the #onething that made me smile today :)
Happy mothers day to you :)
#onemoreyear until the aliens come back angs all this shit is gone.
Missing CNI 11, trying to finish a bunch of things before heading off to Cape Town!
Picture this; we were both butt naked, bangin on the bathroom floor.
The entire sphere is Holy Land (and water). Thanks.
Not by all, I for one don't think that your alts deserve to ride it, despite the clear understanding your the same player.
Tired bt gotta mke this money some way #$$$$
archives. hopefully
Headin' to the big buck hunter world championship at cubby bear
I don't give a fuck about the main event, it's all about this fight right now
Live from the inagural ceremony of Bob McDonnell in Richmond. just spotted Jim Webb. Lot of buzz about Mass.
Where's the pressure on Yates?
Thanks for the flowers! :)
Thanks for following me, I hope you enjoy my work
Fucking E-Trade ah
No worries!
Great to see you - hope you had a good trip! RT : Awesome day today in DC.
So I need to find a free tutor for math 96 or else im not gonna graduate lol any takers?
Beef Burger? Scrapple? Veggie burger? 5 toppings 5 sauces and 5 extras?! SO MANY OPTIONS!!!!!! Come in and make your own burger today!
Coming up on 14 months since I smoked my last Tobacco Cigarette. Feels good to be smoke free and still be able to enjoy a cigarette .
Are you interested to know how the Las Vegas real estate market did last month?Contact us at for your FREE REport
yea SCOTT
Morning Ryan!
where y'all at yo!?
Can't play it now but Trey will be on blast today....oh yea!
At Blue Jackets with Airstaff & new artists Neon Trees
Haha- I have to say though, kind of loving Angelina Jolie's dress- def best dress of the eve.
It's finally MONDAY! Get ur ass to djs Rob Sample Jesse Dorr Omar Garcia and from 10 to 230”
Oh, dear. The aches, pains and fatigue have started to morph into chills, icy fingers and a stiff neck. Not good.
is experimenting with Vimeo. 10min limit on YouTube videos won't cut it for this keynote address...
Like a mainstream fight club.
Web design offer Logo, Flash, Web Application Development and Web Site Development
Careful - there's lots of Drupal developers checking twitter instead of watching Batman at #drupalcon right now...
My lullaby tonight has been all the songs on my #iPod, which happens to be all three album plus some misc songs!
Everyone will judge what you have done, only you can judge what you haven't. Don't let them or yourself limit the chances you take.
..one of the band members will be dressed as ravishing rick rude!....awesomeness
WE REMEMBER.
Sad to be missing the home game this weekend, but excited to be heading to Boston to see friends!
Chapter 2 in 's #procurement story is about learning the most from its greatest critics.
What if it doesn't workout?
Thanks for the #lrnchat. If you are in the Portland OR area, OHSU Brain Awareness series on neuroscience is great way to learn more.
Bruh, Lunch breaks Always go fast!!!
It's Friday! What are your plans to stay on track with your phase of the #HCG Diet this weekend?
It's hot in Tooopekaaaa.
Wow, I've never stayed in a hotel room with NO view. As in, no windows in the room at all. You can imagine what the cell coverage is like.
thank you, that is helpful. YouTube is more popular, but we love the design of Vimeo.
I work w/eTec, you've written a bit about them. much will happen on infra front soon, would love to keep you posted
I want to be all used up when I die. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Thanks for the mentions ! Enjoy
Finished four 8% incline miles at 3.2 mph.
You get a lot free stuff for being cute.
Justice was not served today...Caylee is gone and her murderer is never going to pay!
This is my first of many tweets
If Walmart were a country, it would be the 25th largest economy in the world. via
#herworld. These two are successful and beautiful. What amazing women
I will be out of commission until Saturday :)
back from the #SoulCollage workshop. Wow, what fun. Have any of you made the cards? Very inspirational. My first one was creative balance.
Back at ya!! And so glad to find you!
Muchos besos to my Gleeamks for a glorious opening. LPR felt strangely like being back in dinner theatre. Funny how we go full circle.
BORED&HUNGRY-.-
If you have children, increase their allowances by the amount saved to encourage them to get involved in finding new ways to conserve
"well...i sucked today..." Tom Brady
lol I'm so serious
Monday night guilty pleasure... #bachelorpad! Love and Ames. Hope they are still together and we get to watch their wedding!
The officers will findwomen better worth their notice
Next time you get a great #idea, be sure to run with it! This is how #progress is made!
I just wanna go home yo! This place is a ghost town....
a very cute layout and so glad the bosox won.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities
Follow Back
Did ratchet come from retched?
followers are organic. Post good content and they will follow.
Just tell them I'm waiting. And I will not give them any more mercy than I give Walker. He needs to win and change things.
La-La, your friend is crazy lol
hurray! I am delighted to hear it! Everybody loves caramel apple!
Pool time 🏊
I need garage repair... who do you know??? Call Me 505.688.4122 ASAP!
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds. Albert Einstein
"I heard she gets around/tupac bithces!" -
jelly? Lol! You just want to see them! Lol
i didn't know you were so good at gymnastics!
