CM Punk is in the ring, and I know he's got something to say,
Hey Austin, we really wanted to say Thanks for the follow!
when i leave for good I'm gonna play the shit outta J. Cole Home For The Holidays
"I can almost see it, that dream I'm dreaming, but theres a voice inside my head sayin 'you'll never reach it'. "
You don't even deserved to be slapped by me. My hand is to good for your face.
RT : I was grateful to see ’s words of support. Look forward to working with him to get our country back on track.
well I will still be working.
what does that mean
I forgot to turn in my science homework, no A+ for me. And that's a shame, that paper was good... :(
Many of our efforts are focused on our unique faith based life recovery program.
It's all about the gazpacho when it's 100+ though sounds like you'd like it in popsicle form better!
Um. What?
I hit 100 followers. Thanks guys. Looking forward to the next 100
hi! recovery is going really well, i'm walking w/out crutches :) just keepin' it real in cleveland. how's chi?
I agree, "The best investment we can make for this country is early childhood education"
RT : if yu let me , i will satisfy you ; )
I know your peeps will tell u what he's doin. I don't know why they don't wanna tell me
If you respect the Polynesian or Island culture & lifestyle then that's all that matters! We are all HUMAN BEINGS & we just wanna share!!!
My bartender , who is white, said he got drunk and lost in B'more and ended up in the hood. A cop picked him up and helped him find his car
of course! Although I need some help myself right now. Haha
Since the #WomenBuild inception in 1998, #volunteers have constructed more than 1,800 houses, including six in #Miami-Dade County.
what do you need advice of:)
tryiny to put the proper perspective on my job,but its tough
Always keep your head up girl......you truly are an inspiration
That enough of that sentimental stuff
"The Tree of Life" review coming soon.
TCVM traditional chinese veterinary medicine. incorporates acupuncture, herbs, tui-na, food therapy for wellness of animals.
"so after, when he whispers 'you love me, real or not real?' I tell him 'real."
Toyre at my job
Titanic: "Nothing On Earth Could Come Between Them." Except Class. Jack Dawson is the 99%?
My son has rejoined the pack. Thank you for school!
What the hell is Pitino drinking? Spermicide?
It's the latter. Come and meet
New on draft: Crispin Cider, Southampton Double White, and Peak Organic's Fall Summit. Its 5:00 somewhere but it's always beer:30 here!
you can follow me? (:
At mcdonalds um what do I want??.
point is: a ecological understanding of our temporality and interconnectivity can minimize much of the current schisms & division
Loved all the green jackets at church this morning! Gotta love
Starting to see the light at the end of the Burger Tunnel, JEEZ we've been buried! New concoctions coming ASAP
If anyone else wants to write glowing reviews about us in a blog post, feel free ;)
Maybe one of the awesome artists would design it.
Nigga b busy jakin my swg ,get ya own shit Get ya own cars,get ya own clothes get ya own girl Yea, u aint reppin’ my gang, get ya own clique
GN Twitter. Love y'all. Dueces , peace, and all that Good SHITT!! ;-)
Had an amazing night, then something has to ruin it. Story of my life.
It got me thinking so hard to bruh its lik Fuck bruh
Up so early...
Wolverine aka Luke Scott is gone.
For some reason it's really hard for guys to wear deoderant. Its fucking gross. Just please put some on.
can you die from two much lemonade . shit thats all i drink..
I'm pulling for italian beef and jucy lucys
My arm hurts D: My baby chicken Died :/
Of course nothing can replace a PCP relationship. But what about folks like me who have no Dr, travel, and get sick?
Making lemon curd and am thankful for my juicer.
please text or call me! 731-298-0779! I spent my bday in the cold waiting for you! Marley (on my frans twitter) PLEASE!
Rest day from my workout today. Back to Insanity tomorrow.
Thanks Zach and please thank the Mrs! RT : Wife and I just voted after work, +2 for !
Doing laundry
I'm in the mood for more macarons, what flavor shall I make next?
FREE workouts for a yr, no strings attached. Use promo code "fit" during the signup process @ www.TheGymPro.com. yes FREE!
Follow the homie and thanks for the support bro
he meant to say "too many whiskies" but he's foreign.
just released a video for the winefolly blog... and am working on a couple of more nuggets for vday week.
yes we are. :) Aka come hang!
I swear this day is going extremely slow :-\
so sorry lol
Thankfully, I can't recall.
I'm stumped. I'm trying to reinvent myself, but I don't know how. Anyone know how to create a Temple of Soul?
Was just going to tell you about but you're already on it! (I blame huldulfolk, as usual.)
Thanks Nate. Glad you were able to make it in. Pleasure to have you in the resto
When I make it to the pros I would love to be in a sports commercial prolly for Nike if not Under armor
I want a juicy seasoned by the best greasy cheesy azz burger!!!!!
Joe! Average Skwirl here. Hopingu listen to a dig us. Best & success!
Don't know it, I'll have to learn it!
M. Tasty. R u in the mood to make blueberry pancakes or Southern style biscuits now?
Sorry about that! It looks like twitterfeed.com puked the wrong blog post to twitter.
We Have Overcome! Let The Weak Say, "I Am Strong!" Let The Poor Say, "I Am Rich!" Because Of What Jesus Has Done For Us!
...naw that's you!
lets see how much shit i can get done in an hour
We'd love to see it!
Why do people fear snow? Snow is AWESOME.
we here LOVE Flamenco!
I am just ready to come home. I made a mistake with this 
The RVLution is free - April 21 at Metabolic Designs in Woburn - noon to 2pm - plus a 30 min zumba class (also free)
Well!? RT : why are you up if you're not participating in the fire alarm???
Will send them over right now
VACATION RT #LivFamFeudQues name something people count down the days until
Just got off work. What did I miss tonight?
I truly respect the people who stay strong, even when they have every right to break down.
I just cut my toe open
hey are you for sure going to that show at grapevine mills on the 26th loooool
Never been to Kelly's this early in my life
Are malls everything that's wrong with the world in one convenient location...or am I just getting old and moldy?
I want to talk you if you are renewing business telecoms or requiring new ones, Landlines, Mobiles, Broadband or Systems. 0844 880 2010
Banners and new business cards are in!!!!
OH: I'm flying to Vegas with a guy who just learned to fly. So it could be an interesting story. Or a death story. (Thx )
Ryan just said to me: "Don't start any more fucking bands, PLEASE!"
from PHL can't u do the amtrak thing?
believe this song will NEVER get old and if you don't dig the song i'm sure you'll at least dig the message...
Cross your fingers, though, and hope we don't get a repeat this year!
done deal! Shots it is! :-)
I hope your eyes are better! let me know if you need any help. - Dr Melamed
Lol just walked around the neighborhood without pants on
We're watching this boring ass movie man 😒👎
I'm probably just going to listen to Four Year Strong all day today!
hey check your email and the track is there.
Why can't every day be like this?
I see an amputated toe in my future
Live here from my sister's college graduation. Already been asked where I'll be going to school next year
Today Was Really Fun Thoo ! (:
hey Zack. How are you? I miss talking to you.
Gettin chipotle on the way home
Nice shit talking, ma. You must feel really big, don't you. I see you didn't do shit today, faggot. I don't think I believe you
8. "My Beautiful "Black" Entertainers."
I need a #TEXTNBOO inbox me!!!!! Im up
All my team is loyal niggas
I love listening to Something To Dance For on my way to school great way to start my day :) <3
oh and did i mention we hit every single red light on the way in this AM?
Oops. Did I offend people? Haha. Come on now.
He might smell like a freshly baked pie. Or Axe body spray. who can say?
Saaaaaaaaaaweet. Yes you are.
Can u please pray for my family I just lost my daddy and I wanted to know if u could pray for us
Really? I think we need a closer. STAT.
found my kind of bar in LA. Plenty of peanuts, and you just throw the shells on the floor
beautiful quote, "I desire nothing more than to be in your heart until forever dies."
Hi Lucille I'm sag if you can use me sometime give me a call
i <3 the way u think sweets!! =p
#MusicVideo - "Hottest Dude On The Block" (Feat. Kyd Splash & Lyrik Luciano) - DROPS FRIDAY!
becomes high school drop out because school sucks because people
All Those Trying To Watch Stream Is Showing Error... Will Keep Looking and Tweet If We Find A Direct Link. Keep Praying :)
According to , Brad Hopkins & 's text message convo during the Lakers game last night was: "Hey! Whatchya doin?"
I got kicked out of show choir because I couldn't even step-ball-change
People do that?
Summerfest. Beer. Flogging Molly. I love summertime!!
Where are you located? Orphanz™
We are balancing work and fun, hope your small business is doing the same!
If moths are seen in a peron's house: The owner of that house will become important.
Just made a counteroffer to Illinois. Told 'em I'm in high demand. Trying to finagle an extra 100 tins of Copenhagen in my contract.
nice to meet the face behind the tweet! Great event tonight, keep in touch.
I know how ya feel like from the tweet
I got paid with a reality check...
A recent national survey estimated rates of 8.4 percent for physical abuse and 6.0 percent for sexual abuse in the general population.
I jist saw your tweet about Andy's cookies. I really gotta learn how to work twitter. You never brought me any?!
#nothinghurtsmorethan having blue balls n having to walk around all day with them
At an AmeriCorp PACC VISTA retreat until Friday.
That have Brzezinski brought know CNN GMC offer
hahaha tag, you're it! Found you......through bree.... :)
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs********
Harpoon brewery with was a success
pig wings are back!!
Something borrowed w/ Babe 💘
White-bean and turkey chili made. Bikram in two hours! Allergies are killing me but it won't get in my way.
Send Greinke and K-Rod to the #Rangers for Martin Perez and Profar.
I will do all i can to protect this kids from the negligence of their mother. Dnt matter that shes a friend of my mom
RT #SocialSecurity is not in crisis despite what is often said media or by politicians.
"you got a boy like him, a man like me, and that's just not the same" #chromeo is coming to town!
Thanks for the guests this weekend! We hope you have a very romantic night :)
While we're on domesticity, I've very recently discovered when I'm not working 60+ hours a week, it's WAY easier to keep a clean house.
U2 Concert tickets for Carter Finlay Stadium and Oklahoma Memorial Stadium go on sale Saturday.
Tonight - Tune into the Jordan Rich show, WBZ AM 1030 for a lively discussion on modern manners with special guest Susan Callender
Yes. Ask Travis Trask.
Best Rap Performance by a Grammy? How many nominees can there be?
Anyone want to donate some headphones? Lol
Riveting testimony from the family of Phylicia Barnes in support of MD HB1120 to provide better support for missing children. Outdated...
Ready to get reacquainted with your grill? Do it up right with Fresh Albacore Tuna Steaks, on sale for $13.99/lb. You save $5/lb Fri-Sun
Difficult to search for images in registries -- need to know information not be easy to find on examining the piece
So glad I have multiple skills -- our local library campaign needs a flyer. I feel lucky I found wonderful people to be on our committee.
Hey #MAHOMIES I thought iphone should tweet awhile(: So Hi. #DontTellAustinImtweetingMyself shhh..
You're very welcome :)
Certainly, no problem. :)
I hate u BC.
Someone should text me! Keep me company while I play Xbox.
Every cell in your body is seeking fulfillment through joy, beauty, love and appreciation.
Tom Barrett is without question the most pathetic politician I've ever seen in my life. Most ineffective mayor in history of Milwaukee..
#Atlanta #musicmidtown if you are not here you are missing some good times.
Spend $24 to have two enter the CC Auto Show, pay $10 to park. Why not just go to a dealership for free and get treated royally no lines?
"I hope you burn in hell, like the guy who invented stuffing turkeys!" "Hey! Who wants to try some of my butthole bread?!" Oh, Family Guy.
it's A LOT of people. You'd be surprised.
Oops...really spelled: osfoora
Great meeting you too! Thanks for coming to present to #NLCAtlanta! I'm looking forward to connecting again soon.
For those of you going to #ISTE12 I'll see you there and will have to add it to the list.
Exactly. We know who you are.
All very interesting points.
": they need blankets in the movie theater. I just freezed my tits off!"/ewwwww could u imagne the germs on the blankets
So who wants to kiss in the rain *Boys onlyy ;)
amazing set tonight! Might be one of the best shows I've ever seen!
Whoah! Say whaaaa?! Too funny RT : If I were single, I'd be all over him. I mean it.
Hi Ree, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
. Yes, poor choice in adjectives. Something unique and delicious would be ideal.
about to do a interview With Nbc
Mover puts in his notice before showing up to help me move my machine. Result... Broken machine :(
If I had a dick would you suck it?
A hundred mother fxckers can't tell me nothin
Watching #packers highlights the morning after and I still feel that adrenalin rush of winning!
Now I'll be thinking all day about making porn. There are worse things.
sears tower
are we still doing jeans today?
LOVE the marriage of art & commerce - Get it!
George Michael's Faith was the best selling album in the U.S. in 1988.
Put your hand on someones head during a tackle gets a flag, ripping someone's head off is just a good play...
I'm sure Jim Hacker would agree.
UStream for tonight's meet-up here: tinyurl.com/3j6eefm
Dinner bet?? I will take over 100
"Dam Subtracted 6 It's Getting Lower & Lower.!
We called it Gap Tag. You had to touch the back wall of the store without being "helped".
that jacket cost alotta loot
horses name is Wednesday
Re my last tweet: That’s a tilda in there. Just so you know.
Charles Barkley on Miami: “I didn’t even know they have a bench, to be honest with you."
Happy Birthday Jonnie Nash, have a great day!!!
THE WAIT IS OVER ... THE OFFICIAL "FLIPPIN INK" MUSIC VIDEO IS NOW UP ... #TEAMYCB #TATTOOMUSIC BY
flowers, chocolates, breakfast in bed and paper delivered.......better be lucky tonite.
I'm bored.
Do Monday's ever get easier? I suppose they do when you retire. Unfortunately most of my generation won't ever be able to retire!
59 miles to Tucson.
My back is feeling better, weeded this morning and can't wait to bike today! One of the best medicines for sore muscles is to use them!
thanks. 100% agree!
There are some really cool running T-shirts for women nice look stuff!!
All in all a great day!
Awww, that's so sweet! She's probably v sad to leave you!
M cheese calzone 👍😊
Yessssir! And I need me some animal time!
Great seeing you again yesterday! FYI, all 3 Info Syst. books have pricing options for students.Questions? Thanks! -Ben
i wish! but no he said he was gonna give me $200 on the 13th so i will do it myself! he still hasnt deactivated the other phone!
Why is One Republic covering a White Stripes song?
sittn n da park n my car listening to music wyd?
hi your gorgeous!! Just thought you should knoww xx
only thing you exercise is yo mouth!!!!
Hello everyone! How is everyone's president's day going!? Come and check out our website, we're adding new items on it!!
Absolutely. It's probably her most well-written book that I've read.
Still waiting for the airplane commercial...
I finished Alternate Choices Thurs night and I had planned on taking a break from writing, but another plot is brewing in my brain!
my birthday tonight with can't make it tonight? then come to SOB's tomm!
How is it day going? Almost cold out..
if it's the movie version with johnny depp, he could cut my throat whenever he wants!
yeah he will have fun....and I won't
Those raccoons look like a real life squirtle squad. They roll deep as fuck
Pig hearts
Why escape being left alone with a stranger than savor it?
Can I get a shout out please
Huge goal by the Caps. Staying in the game.
haha let's hope Kanye doesn't get broken up with too then
can't wait to catch up with you hermano! hay que vernos
Ohforcrissakes, you guys. I'm begging you to borrow my copy of the Hipster Style Guide.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 34
grass roots movement...get Aziz Ansari to host SNL! The man is a legend!
Every day it just keeps getting better!! Excitement abounds in the Gemeinhardt Universe!
I like dope rappers because I actually listen to the lyrics!!!!
Awesome Cheryl! Say hi to Ali for me!! :-)
yes sir!!
Come to Memphis while you're in the state!
We have 2 new positions for a #UX and #UI developer in our small Christian team. Check out details at www.meeklabs.com/about/team-wanted/
It would be encouraging and empowering for younger students to be with their older peers
You are having the most delicious dinner :)
B pro shops outdoor world coupon
names are what you get mention notifications for (;
oohh! I'll have to see if I'm in town, but if i am, i'd love to stop by to congratulate you and visit with your family!!!
Shout out to the man who stepped in front of my car at the stop light and did a swallow the disappearing cigarette magic trick.
Thats a wrap. This game is OVER
So pumped for the return of Amezaga!
Gottlieb: Went to Bell & filed Public Records Act request. Wanted contracts, council minutes, etc. Manager wouldn't see us, sent clerk....
Look at my sexy friend ;) lol
I hope is open late so I can bus out there for beer and all my convenience store needs, like plungers and protein bars.
Greater than would mean you like that. O.o
Staff have noticed the south-most Hut door still not open. Please check multiple doors early in morning. Security being notified.
Yes sir. The vs match would be $
Belle Wheelan of SACS to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference and International Seminar. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
you're all mine. I'm claiming and keeping you.
Thank you FANS! You did it! 1000 LIKES! Onward and Upward, Yours Truly, Traveler
Officially uninterested in a Superbowl XLII repeat. Another one where I ask, "Can both teams lose?"
I used to hate guys with big eyebrows.. and now.. they're becoming a turn on.
Didn't Shaq do the same thing in Miami?
Spinnin' some poi and listen to some tunes...2 of my favorite tings!
Subtle, understated, controlled, classy. Just like Whitney would've wanted. Thank you Ms. Hudson. You were the voice of our tears.
We watched Horrible Bosses last night and just as expected it was just as funny as the first time!!
Business idea: MiFi devices you can rent by the hour. Do these exist? I need one this afternoon.
Zach on drums and michael singing :P
I'm all for the no second hand smoking, but this new commercial is a bit much.
American Letterpress: Hatch Show Print coming to ! So excited!!!
#AubreydeGrey leading researcher on the cure for aging is on right now @
MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!!
Thanks gentlemen! We appreciate it :)
Wasabi for lunch and for dinner - good thing I'm starting boot camp this week!
If Faust were an old-school academic or scholarly publisher, today's Mephistopheles would be offering "searchability, findability."
I feel like im going to pass out.
no thank you! Enough with the talent shows !
follow me back?(:
Orson, you can sleep in my tent and have some fun - or - sleep with your mom all night long.
Am out Jah Bless everyone
Woohooooo! See you tonight!
Ohh lordd!! Nick breezy followed mee!! I think that is like the 887537392585963747474888th time he has killed me!! I love this kid
Happy Birthday!
When is being released in Florida?
And what the fuck I'm supposed to do in LA for dating now that I'm single? lmao I wish I would drop $80 for a movie on you hoes!
Lost in Lost
who doesn't make smile?
Recall fond memories.
I hope the games today are as good as the ncaa ones yesterday...definitely got my monies worth...Go Blue
Congratulations and family! What a great name for a great big little guy! I'm glad everyone's healthy and happy!
haha! I love the pics of your house though!
Aww ;) so freaking cute!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers & mothers to be! We are only fathers because of you! Enjoy this beautiful day!
Did you ever read his book Empire? He went way off the deep end.
yes ! I got the deluxe one bc it comes with extra songs !
Of way to make the dentist even more painful...
Mom jus came in my room w/ a oamlet & potato skins! day startin out good
One of our customers gave us a heads up, it's an international number probably Italy.
Columbia was fun last night. Thanks to Bart bean, sunshine mamas, blue fugue, josh bishop, Jason, Morgan, and everyone who came out!
This not eating meat is really getting to me.
Ducks vs Coyotes, got a killer deal on a Suite at the Honda Center. Go Ducks! Quack like a Duck.
hm..i wonder who now??
that would be nice
This weather reminds me of Washington <3
of course it's just fine. but it's not THE NEWEST AND SHINIEST!!!
Ok!! Matteo is coming out today!!! Yay!!! :D
it's general info session/tour but I know a lot about their sports management program
Starting this tax season we are now offering mobile and pick up service. File your taxes from home or work, we'll come to you.
New Deftones record later this year? Color me stoked but I'll believe it when I see it.
congrats. that's awesome.
haha! Love it.
All my followers are unfollowing me!
": Where is ?!" Neva too far away
guessing attendance is 572
good luck! Lots of great venues to choose from!!
Eff class right now. UGH!
Jacking off to Tyga's voice.
it's ok.when android updates you can drop comcast and use your phone as your router.
Big Time Move is trending! New episode or? x
Hey ! You should make a bobble head doll!!
sERVING sAN dIEGO BY THE SLICE!
Brett #Shoemaker i need some shoes #Brett Shoemaker make me some shoes, just kiddin buddy. :D
(because obvs that's where discourse goes)
I had to vent it was long over do. Oh and s/o to for being real since birth.
You're welcome. :)
In jersey visitin ma lovin bro I love u wit da momma n sista
I highly respect anyone who can quote Shakespeare... And continue to say which play... Which scene... which section... I need to brush up!!!
Um...I should be in bed by now, my arthritis is acting up lol
The Winner: Bridgestone
The Rolling Stones - Winter - 11:21 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I'm trying to remember, but it is slipping my mind right now:/ sorry, it is 130AM. brain isnt working really:/
...Just had a grapefruit followed by an espresso chaser. YUCK!!! Don't do this at home folks. I REALLY shdv waited at least half an hour :-0
A Pimp is a horrible thing to brag about being. Pimps are piece of shit scum, I never understood why dumbass Rappers brag about being a Pimp
Thanks for the follow Checkout if you want to help as an ongoing fitness blogger.
Bitch i been the man in my city most fans in my city -
I saw you guys on Tv !!
#GoTribe Roll tribe can't stop CLE going places
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets so love the people who treat u right and forget about the ones who dont
THE MOST IMPROVED ZIP CODES - U-T San Diego
YOU HAVE AN SUV?! GASP.
when i listened 2 her song picture to burn ! i was inspired a lot !
Poolside at night. Happy Memorial Day everyone.
City you can take the trophy and shove it! Its the only one you guys are getting. Next season we're taking it back.
Paloma, red velvet couch, Rio Rita.
I need to go to Walmart but I'm scared to go alone right now :(
And then I pathetically tried to get out of bed and I kinda just slid onto the floor and laid there for like 20 minutes
It's never comforting seeing pics of someone you've hooked up with & having that "what the fuck was I thinking?" moment.
Word of the Day: Plans
That's awesome that you love boloco because a best friend of mine started it. Go Guv Patrick too!
Thank YOU for a very fine time. You brought out our best.
Run! Run! okay you can walk.
this dude be tail gate'n me
Can't wait for the #NFLDraft!!!!!
Headcount looks minimal for today, so enjoy #USMNT on ESPN3, and pop in later for #Mizzou v KSU and Teal & the U23's v ElTri on Telefutura
NFL, I love you.
If you want me in your life, figure out a way to put me there. I'm done trying.
Poles: Am people solidly reject the gut-unions/cut-1%ers-taxes/Bomb-Iran Republicanism championed by the Prez wanabees.
This line to see Bill Clinton is beyond ridiculous
You want a background?
Feeling little more energized after drinking shakeology.. Yeah!!
I hate sneezing while driving.
We have a finalist in every category but Freestyle.
Can't be Friday w/o #FF shout-outs to
is my soon to be husband guys. ❤
only cause you're the bday boy
noo we have the test on friday and our homework is to be prepared and we present on Thursday!
what's the difference?
Maybe working out will give me the energy to finish this paper
About to watch lil b give a lecture at NYU hahaha
and all on one stage for $10. Stuff just got really real. house of blues April 6th hit me up!
aww thank you! :) I may or may not be a lil obssessed with The Hunger Games :)
#Golf Pro Teaching is strange “I don’t know about that new pro,” said Pete. “He may be a little... Read punch-line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
faces today at 5:30 p.m. MT. Follow to get all the in-game tweets!
actually they're going in the former Joe V's space, someone else in the Pops!
Just too many injuries for UNC to overcome.... My bracket looks good though, 3 out of 4 
All iOS devices updated.
I guess this is good, just saw where our Tweets were classified in a Twitter list called PR Rockstars! Thanks! We'll keep on tweetin'!
Cant stop thinkin about him
West Ham come back from 1-3 down to get a draw and then I hear Facebook have acquired Instagram! Ladies and Gentlemen, it's party time!!
Loud music in Menswear at Macy's raises false hopes of getting caught in a flash mob. (Some day.) Just an over-ambitious dept store DJ.
Rock & Reilly's on Sunset...having a blast with and !
mine either haha
Non-wavers ruin my day! Or, hour, at least.
Sweet. Thanks.
Preparing duck for the rose bowl, I wonder how badger tastes?
There's a reason I enjoy you so much on First Take ... and I was reminded of it today. That was just like a bad faculty meeting.
: yay, and hooray for fancy hair! see you then :)
Salute to thee one and only You have paved the way for many rappers DJs and promoters out here in this dog e dog industry.
Going to bed early tonight:) goodnight to and
WTF, dude!? RT : Shunned by Peyton, unable to get Luck or RGIII, the Miami Dolphins draft themselves a Microsoft Zune.
Check out DDSO holiday gift items at www.zazzle.com/DDSO_org. All items have been designed by DDSO participants. Support a great cause!
sorry I fell asleep. And my dad is being a jerk and moms not home so I seriously don't care if you just show up here.
That's very kind of you. Thanks so much! That story wrote itself.
Junior Environment Artist - A Developer based in London, for more info contact .uk
Sixers are on a roll. Lakers tonight. Can they get a fair shake from the zebras? Superstars shouldn't need the help. what think you?
me too xD I think its our smile, or our face just in general. We're so cute (': lol
you sound like me (:
I just now did mine , and spent like 5 minutes on it . Ndc ! I got other things to be doing with my life. 👍
Kick her skinny little ass my wrestling goddess.
Rooting for the Texas Rangers tonight. Not really a fan of either team, but they deserve to win one finally and have a great team.
We're open normal hours today - 10:00 - 6:00. Come on by!
I am incredibly excited to be part of your program. Thank you!
The things you guys and girls say on twitter...makes my day!
#birdemic I'm hoping a bird will see my tweet!!LOLOLOL!!
Susie homemaker tip of the day. Adding baking soda to mop water prevents the wet mop after smell!
good thing you speak it ;)
The last pitcher to throw a no-hitter for the Cubs was their batting practice pitcher.
Woke up early to devour for the #ScavengerHunt only to realize I'm at the wrong one! Welp...
Its amazing jazz musician are more appreciated outside of America. Let's bring jazz back! Join me in my campaign. Twit YES
I saw the block off on 59. Are you okay?!?!
The politics is interesting but Tom Hanks looking for statues and stuff seems pretty far fetched and useless
Good luck with the move to Cincy. I think this puts your recent Brennaman related retweet in context for me now. :-)
I hear all the negative people who hate the Timeline, but who out there thinks it rocks!!?
Okc gonna win it all anyway so
Yep. RT": The best time to apply for new jobs is at work...that's what I call using your time constructively."
Can we skydive Dubai the week after?
Might check out the this weekend!
thankyou! And I've followed you now :D
btw. Hate the Cowgirls
Omg Kurt is shameless!!!
Fuck yes. I get to go home and no tennis practice.
cause that's rare..
is on to bigger and better things!!!!
#NY I miss you.
The king deserves a better team around him. RT very few #mariners fans here tonight. felix deserves better.
If you're at #NAFSA11 don't forget to visit us at booth 1810!
Thank you I'm very excited about it!
Told her do me a favor and put yo mouth on this faucet
Morning practice tweeter-ers. No meeting today but tweet me something interesting. If you see this you're on track!
Yay! It's friday and I don't have any plans this weekend. Freedom!
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me!(: it would make my night! I would go wake my sister up and be like "he followed me!!!!!!"(:
At the upfront, I love that the graphics to represent vice sports are all Soccer.
if you can guess what I just drew it would be a miracle
“: You in charge of the "bag loading" music today? #MSUGolf” Spin Doctors, Sister Hazel, Smashmouth on Deck.
I just keep thinking how much I hate the fact that Alexandria never got to meet before she died.
great to be with in Atlanta for their regional conference. Great people. Great Spirit!
Just saw a sign that read : be the person your dog thinks you are!
Is it your party, or are you just being a big crybaby?
heaven is your mother's womb
Only if you stay sober the whole time...
U have no idea what u don't know~
Only thing I'll "miss" about Tiger Spot is seeing it demolished. What a huge zit on the face of Lowry Mall.
can I get a "g" on purp 6 please... phantom of the operah!
it was nice chatting! I'm off to work for a bit..... See you soon hopefully! Muah!
Miranda Cosgrove is an awkward person
The #bucks NEED a win tmrrw against Indiana and then if beat sixers that's only 1 game difference with the sixers having a tougher schedule.
can't wait to celebrate Valentines Day tonight Bella
Hey Investors! Buy Real Estate GOLD reduced 100k 10 units with 9 2's over 9% cap rate at current expenses includes property management.
The calm before the storm. Literally.
Meetings are actually kind of awesome when the topic is the #NCAA Tournament.
just saw a sun drop commercial..
Impressive no? LOL
So good!! Maxwells
On point.
wow congrats love dope article too
Praying lil bro. love u~
SMOSH Set to Launch YouTube Original Content Channel Shut Up! Cartoons April ... - MarketWatch (press release)
you are
wont call u from a blocked #! she talks about YOU all the time! :)
when it's kinda squishy
"Nobody bother me!"
needs to stop using dirty words lol
weyyyyyyy!! Saludos keep doing the good job!;)
RT Prickly pear drink (has tequila)! rocks! Wow. Luv, luv, luv this place.
great article, good luck and continued success to Fernando!
"The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us." -- Francois-Marie Arouet, better know as Voltaire
I'm jealous! stop by the bank when you have a chance
Summer Youth Employment Training for Travis Co. Residents!! 50 Slots Contact Wendell Williams for more enrollment info.
Did we mention FREE BEER on the S.S. Bloody Brunch River Cruise? Because oh yeah....that's happening! www.bloodybrunch.com
Off to school!
Monday monday! This weekend is Halloween weekend, what kind of wiches brew are you going to serve. Come in by Weds to save even more!
It's not your typical Monday ..MLK birthday celebrated today as National Holiday!
just want to give a S/O to good music...keep it up!
Bout to watch charlie valientine, I love this movie thanks to lol
Thanks! Feel free to link that to your website!!
#KYDerby138 #derbyonnbc we missed several hours on NBC due to Derby party, have tivo'd to watch this wk.
#twEATDrink is a brilliant idea! is this happening in seattle?
thinks buttered popcorn jelly beans are repulsive.
I aint doing nothing..at work..dealing with nothing but crazy people today oh my goodness
Great presentation and visuals by 'Using online marketing to date leads and marry customers'
We certainly can't win our championship from our bedside. So having the spiritual, mental and physical to play your game is vital
Duderstadt talks about "degree tax" and other alternative ways to fund higher education for low income students.
HAHA!!! you know that if you really tried you could have him
To re-appropriate a favorite Ice-T quote: I want to debate so bad, my dick's hard. Spread the word.
it depends on what kind of device ecosystem you want. Not that I'm biased or anything, but the iPhone is the way to go!
I wanna steal your profile pic...*spit*
Don't think so, I haven't heard from him in years. But I know he was in the movie "The Wrestler" small role though that's about it.
We definitely need more #political #rappers. I see so many on #twitter wanting 2 breakout. Well, there ya go! #RealSyria like
I want some hash browns and eggs...who cares if it's 8:30pm, #breakfast rocks!!! :D
... your good luck charm is watching the game
I *love* it! Where did you find it?
god I hope so
Football in full force around here.
CEIR report shows that overall exhibition industry activity increased by 3.8% from a year ago & 2.7% for 2011 as a whole.
...and Ricky Fowler won a PGA tournament.
HEY REMEMBER ME? WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU HAD A MASSAGE LOL, I HOPE YOURE DOING WELL PLEASE TELL MRS. PAT I SAID HI
Thanks. It's not that I've got writer's block, it's that I've become scared to release my ideas into the wild for fear of [?]
It is not uncommon, particularly in small breeds, for one or more primary teeth to remain behind (so-called retained primary teeth)
Accidently sent a text about someone TO the someone I was talking about...serves me right! Should have just blasted them on Twitter for all
Fwy finally opened!! Wow what an experience.
Let's talk about Lana Del Rey's Blue Jeans being in the Nespresso commercial...
do you do pure barre? I'm really wanting to try it!
Oh Hi Blake. You can be my honeybee, too. # Stagecoach
can i sing an "amen" to that!
You are All I need and I'll never let go Tell Em you are all I need and I'll never let go.
My fault I just seen it. Memphis won.
I was almost run over by a Segway leaving work tonight -- one of the hidden perils of working near Fisherman's Wharf!
I was just in the car, rapping it... Then my mom looked at me weird. I think she's just jealous of my horrible rap game...
yea yo ass
All the good stuff is on TV tonight, Heros, House, How I met your mother, Big Bang Theory. I wish they were spead out a bit.
Time for the Fins to invade Macon for the ASUN Tournament! GO Fins!!! #fearthefin #maconmadness Men tip today at 230pm vs Belmont!!
Oh no! you are offline! We never have time to write! :/ Sent you a direct message again! xD xoxo
was amazing but UGH her tweet about the halftime show being good? NO. just NO. if she keeps it up there should be a drug test
<- should bring poolside at Chambers | ! Perfect sound for a Sunday Summer pool party!
Does NYC breed naturally smelly people?
I traded Ben Franklin for a bike helmet. Poetic, no?
So impressed! Really eye-opening to watch all this data come together and explore on several levels.
If MTV's current viewership had ever heard of Whitney Houston, maybe they would cover her death. cc:
do you see him at the ebooks session? it was great to get a local perspective & be sure and tell him good job!
idk if we still going
RT : excited to be playing tomorrow night with & Paul & Kat - let's do this!
no lol its cold here! LOL
to create a successful art career and help other artists do the same.
Time is running out. Don't forget to tell your pub you want The Bloody Irish Boys for March 16th & 17th.
Does anybody know 's fan mail address? Please :)
OK, I was using a 3rd party program, but should officially be following now, and see that you are following me!
How can we expect anything better when we vote for the exact same people over and over and over each time!
They clearly need to be reading the Tribune more often. They'd be much better informed.
Missing at post-InfoCamp beers...
keep on moving don't stop now
but she deserves respect nobody says she's Jesus.
thanks for the support! go UVA CS!
it's still a very exclusive club, defined by stupid and ancient rites of passage. There's lots to be torn down (:
I wanted some cake
I'm in! And I'm down for any ticket :p
I hate Carolina.. That will never change..
-____- go away
Im actually looking forward to tommorrow ^_^
RIP "Condom in Your" Left Eye.
Good luck with that!!
Thanks for the RT Nick!
I can't stand when you needa tell someone somethin and they don't text back!!-__-
On is of the #Bills... He's loving #Buffalo!
In RiRi's mouthed words, "She can sing."
The statement 'Animals are not slaves' and 'the only animal that can be a slave is a human' were clearly meant to be the same.
Ahh, teen wolf is coming back this summer!
thanks love! :) Hoping for a speedy and full recovery for you! <3
Did they even have computers back then? RT : I've been told that today is my 5 year anniversary with Visit Baltimore
Have a great weekend!!
Happy birthday to !
No. 2 in Aisle 4. The World's Largest Trash Can. Beautiful old buildings going to rot. And poop. Lots of poop...
Time is passing by way too fast.
let's pretend i don't know who you're pretending not to be totally jealous of.
After sang your praises to me. I followed you.. realizing we know similar bloggers.. and you're doing a trip..
According to Obama i'm a "purist". i do not plan on voting for Obama again. I welcome Sarah Palin or some other idiot. I have no children.
you welcome babygirl
RT : Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. -Helen Keller
oh she's a classy one.
Yes, friends... that is the World Famous Joke Show on Prairie Home this weekend. right now and at 11am Sun. Yo' mama so fat...
Raise your hand if you believe that people are truly more productive in open-concept office seating. As predicted, I don't see any hands.
woah why werent there field days last year
Even tho its Saturday and stock market is closed it still went up 180 points. Based on Greece is next economic power.
don't think that, it's just dreams that you have.. Live in the moment.
I'm curious about this glitter polish. We are designing some glitter versions of our nail wraps & would like to compare
A 20-minute wait for an Orange Line or a Blue Line #Metro during rush hour is unacceptable, CC:
Wow, looking at the schedule for the day & we're Watching Tuck Everlasting for most of the day because we just finished the book
SquE-Z the day!
bless up fam wats good ? How you like the new video ?
You're gonna love it. Crazy hot women...
Can you catch crabs from a lap dance
lol yea yea , we'll see
Fuck love, we all end up alone in the end anyway.
It's time to set SALE with Sydney b. Boutique! Receive 50% Off kids designer Clothing & Shoes. #Sale begins Tuesday, July 5th at 8 a.m.
Need prayer for Philosophy. Gotta graduate SCF May 5. I know I will get there. Holdin on to you God
Hi all, Expanding our offerings at ADVENTURE THEATRE MTC. Looking for additional instructors and technique teachers (voice, dance and acti…
definitely campers on
It must be opposite day!
ya bring it on.
YES! I officially quit my day job. When do the checks from the book publishing come in? I just booked us all on a cruise.
R.I.P Whitney Houston! Gone far too soon!
Dual Survival.
Outstanding. You shall know me by my black cardigan.
Digging a hole with Bill and putting a mailbox up! Exciting!
snacks on the MAX. Portland business idea I have yet to put into action. Just like in Mexico City.
Is the penalty for looting in the UK 6 months or less? Just checking, in case you know offhand.
Had a listen to the new zombiesdontpodcast! Thanks for the Renfields plug! next episode... Leslie Vernon rant imminent
that better love.
What kind of music do phones love to hear? A symphony
Haha dont listen to them fools. It's spring training. Best of luck to u and mat in cincy.
I forgot my phone last night. I could have broke the story about Mikael Akerfeldt getting hurt. Knew 25 mins b4 anybody else
Anyone wanna do something today? It's the only day I am free all weekend.
it was HBO, it's over now
Breathe into this quote: "Some will accept me and some will reject me. It's a fact and it's okay."
Clear - is not all the internet I will ever need.
Feel Her Ass If She Has On A Thong Or Boy Shorts, She Wana Fuck
Hey I need to chat with you! When's a good time to talk?
RT : Funny. The FL Chamber of Commerce calls Awake the State & Occupy the "anti-jobs groups."...
txt me
Dangerous !!! you boys behave!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Paul gray
Visit our website for data pertaining to #smile.. Thank you to all our existing and new followers!!!
WELL WAY TO STEAL MY TWEET , BITCH NIGGA
are y'all stuck somewhere?
You see Zay phone at they y
#kidsaredown time for
Did you Know ? On September 6, 1870Louisa Ann Swain of Laramie, Wyoming, became the first woman in the U.S. to cast a vote legally .
I cared b/c we r entirely out of europe. Bad for utd. At least was looking forward to cup winner's cup match? Now. Nada!
The program for men allows only 1500 calories a day, while 1200 calories a day for women
-_- fail lmao, let's just order pizza :D
so the State Government of California is LITERALLY stealing from babies... Real cool California, real cool!
Hey friends! Mocha's is offering free samples of our October special: the BOO Blast! Come try some now before we run out!
My doctor congratulated me on 'looking so good.' Heh. She just redeemed herself.
I forgot to mention that we'll be at the Corrales Harvest Festival on Sat. and Sun. too!
Trying to tie my Tumblr blog to my WordPress sitelinking it to Flickr and Twitter while excluding Pinterestl, Quora and....
looking forward to some heart warming reunions in CoD WaW tonight... only I seem to have subscribed to XBOX DEAD....
I know u want to taste my strawberry ice cream.
Win or lose, Walker's bald spot is growing!
which one? I like the Magic Hat price!
whoaa likes eating ham and cheese off of dogs?
alright let me know
I'll bring you a donut on thursday in the STUDIO...
believe that!keeps up his work ethic he could be special.,, & will b working it this Spring!
oh my god just tweeted me :D
The word, “Dunia,” means “world” in Swahili, Hindi, Arabic, Malay, and Indonesian languages.
back to december
(the music kind, not the poultry kind)
She know if am fucking with her I dont really need her ♥
Doing the while bartender thing isn't my nature, but at the same time it is. My #Virgo is fighting with my
Very few tickets remaining for the Ting Tings. And we have them! Listen to Whip between 130-3pm to win them.
:: Speedbusters heads to the street where a 6-year-old was killed last month. Did a well-meaning fix by make things worse?
That guy's name gives me goosebumps and makes me feel gassy; I trust you EPL Jedi. Who's your team? And who's yours?
fun show at Southpart Hall! our buddies in Touching the Absolute are about to go on and rock it!!!! \m/
My addictions: mt.dew & hot fries <3
I have a story for you. Do to the state budget, teachers are receiving pink slips like crazy today in Santa Clarita.....
Ha! Church..RT : Niggas be bragging about how many hoes they got like that shit is hard to have...Get a loyal woman then brag!!!
if I can do it, anyone can!!
When starting your family history research, you never know where it will go. Check out Madeleine Albright's journey in "Prague Winter"
the hookah bar!
#TCIE videos are up on site!!!! Looking good!!!
are you moving to Alexandria? Don't do it!
Trying to get to that money!!!!
I will second that!!!!
Getting hyped for the game. Just talk to someone in Miami who was totally talking trash...what does he know, he drinks the "U's" coolaid.
woot RT : Luv these! RT : Campers- You will get to sign up for your cards. Yet another great perk for
yes please! Will I see you on friday at 's #apollosafterparty?
People really must think I look Italian or European because I've gotten asked for directions at least once every day I've been here!
oak park looking girl
Thanks for RT about 1820 census error.
RT Chickens getting banned antibiotics and ... prozac, caffeine, benadryl and tylenol. Something wrong with this picture
I'd recognize my husband's chicken scratch set lists anywhere :) Hope you had fun at the show!
The #M121 Social Leadership Academy is designed to equip, inspire, and connect aspiring world-changers and
Ew x. U looks like bitch
To thine own self be true!
heey, your a great singer ima subscribe to you, (: will you follow me back :)
I do to I love huskeys
We're making vegetarian Hamburger Helper tonight...isn't that an oxymoron?
I hate basic ass rap...i like to hear verses that make me think about what they said...that killer word play
All the boys are dressed like Wheels from Degrassi JR High today.
I don't know what more i must do to you for follow me... :(
i agree with Mr Horn
#LiesIveToldMyParents I work at a bank
RJD2. How about you ?
Stop talking in Spanish! I don't understand you! </3
Rough offseasons for our teams and I think that's putting it mildly.
Ha! Man I looked it up the other night, averaged Tix, in the $200 a pop. I went last year but gonna just spend that 200 at a bar
Arrrh! Thx matey! ;) RT : you can catch it on BBC iPlayer with a UK proxy. It's on Pir B too.
#iug2012 the open system. Developer community coming in weeks. Libraries will write queries against database views.
Thanks! RT Congrats!!!
I know it sucks it not the same without and
Thank you very much
"Thesis" may be a little weighty. How about "artist statement"? RT writing my thesis for the Lipsky "Ten"
Thank you for your wonderful advice!
Can y'all PLSE follow my other account itz
Thank you for the great mention in the 2012 Equipment Special on !
's data shows that women don't prefer Bob McDonnell as Mitt Romney's choice for running mate. Interesting to see.
What movie should I watch?
you look so innocent, all full of good intent, swear you know best
Holy cow! She just head butted him!
bring this to DHSI with you!
will i ever meet iconic boyz
#work #peace #love #abundance Give what you seek today...
Omg puberty you're doing it right with Bradley s perry.
Damn what a call!!!
Good morning and thanks for following
Just walked through my door at 530.. Ops
Wow there is less snow and ice on my car then there is on the street what a joke!
Please let the world recognize the crime that took place in 1915.
We need a mayor who is not going to interfere with education system, but will help move it forward.
cant wait for don pablos & cedar point this weekend! E yea!
And maybe possibly, you still want me too..
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus 1/2 Marathon on Oct. 16
I kno I need help!
God must love me right now...
Uncle Luke was dat nigga in the strip club
"YES" ushers you to "ABUNDANT LIFE"! "NO" ushers you to "DEATH"! Which will you choose?
happy birthday Trenni!! Hope its fun despite being on a Monday! :)
UNC Journalism Department Drops Spelling Test, Discovers Spell Check
this is pretty cool, two thumbs up for the
Thanks, I've been thinking about putting in an application. There are some neat & super smart peeps there. cc:
Follow us, WLT Radio on Facebook!
Toyota Matrix, Chrysler Sebring, every car from Dodge #UgliestCars sOfThe2000s"
#parenting tip: Preparing to have your baby sleep in their bed for the 1st time? Take small steps towards separation.
Feel better mikey an roc Royal
I can define "benny addict," who else can?
nuh uh!! I have 4 little kitties now so i wouldn't ever kill a cat! You're the one who likes little boys....
COG should be posting agenda this afternoon for Tuesday vote. Lets hope we are close to the finish line. Game tonite a must!
I'll take the lot!
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!:)
weekend weekend weekend.
It makes perfect sense 2 start the day w/a bible devotional & my horoscope... & take them both seriously.
hey Dan hope you are okay. If you can please call Maria. Video taping on Monday is cancelled. Tuesday is still on
Hope you feel better!
Withdrawal really ought to be over after 8 cigarette-free months.
The Monitor: Man charged with simple assault - Waynesboro Record Herald
i just ordered some copic multiliner pens. now i just need to learn how to shade! lol
Thinking that needs to pay me a visit in Abq!! And maybe do a show too :)
um.... How did aliens talk to you?! Haha :)
#754 your my boo <3 and ily more than anything :*
Fan of ? Listen for comedian Drew Hastings on the morning show at 6:50 and 8:50 a.m.
Should Churches Halt Missions Trips to Mexico?
How can I fix my Windsor broken chair it is really hard to do!
i get to see you nov18 in texas cause i'm visiting my best friend. And seeing you again in orlando dec20 cause i live in fl<33
Saw Steve Young at the market. I was excited. Stacie had no idea so I had to tell her it was like seeing Tom Brady.
what a bitch it is that the sex tape made Kim A superstar and not him Or his big peen
You know you are busy when you don't even have time to tweet! Working on new processes for Social Media Marketing and Reputation Management.
Time is money I don't waste neither
The ratchedness that will take place at LHS after us seniors leave .... Smh these underclassman are all types of questionable
meh, right now. How you buddy?
My comment to the China situation is pull the registration. The statement of challenges authority is a smokescreen.
you go. Wish I could join you.
I have said the word "FUCK" more times than I can count today... and I am really good at counting
Seriously. I hate you. #yourtheadult?
was going to add a user submitted story to the site, but apparently it's been hacked. Turkish hackers
you going to be in chicago soon? would love to connect. got sent your way via piercefamily. DM me or email ?
Fuck the mile and 2 mile though, this year was not my year for them :/
how long would that have I'm out?
is BEST
Hey, Dave Bush struck out an AL pitcher for his first K of the game. Amazing!
The Robin-a-bottle-opener
oh sorry friend. Branch out, but dont replace me.
that's what it was
I wanna know if you ever seen the rain! Still love that song..he is rockin it! Lot of these young folks are bringing back some good music!!
school tm on a monday
Like a bull in a china shop with a superior attitude. That about sums it up.
Baseball/Softball is unlike any other sport.
Small city beautiful girl with BIG dream
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes. ~Tony Blair
We have officially tweeted 1,001 times in our social media history. That is so exciting!!
Shot out to for playing that what I am joint earlier. #Jerz what up
Good! We must catch up!
It's hot af in my room .
hi are you the dev behind AndroidLockXT? How come there is conflict with camera grabber? Are you going to update with support?
Thanks for the message, sorry for the late response. Direct Message us your email and we will reach out to you.
#realtalk you will never be better than me...C'mon....Marie...Really #whatsnextatrampstamp ?
I'm going to tweet on until I fall asleep, goodnight.
Methodist Sports Medicine patient and physician featured on report about #concussions tonight at 11pm.
can this day just be deleted from the calendar...i think it would be for the best...
ANDY!!! I miss you:/// wahh. If you ever come back to south Florida like Miami or frt.lauderdale . Chipotle date???? <3344
Our hero John Cecil is speaking today at #convcon - waiting for updates.....
They found me in droves. I had no other option. Friending students is NOT professional practice.
Promoted Tweets. RT : What frustrates you most about social media?
Coffee rings, napkins, pen caps, creased and taped prints, monitors facing opposite directions…I leave the carnage of this week behind.
She can only take so much in her heart
Im so sick & tired of your face .
can you give me a shoutout please love your tweets btw :) im a boy belieber
At #genychat, we are all rock stars :)
lol I'm sorry but who are you....?
I just walked by a dead guy sprawled on the sidewalk. Given my social psychology background, I'm not surprised that no one stopped to help.
One thing I have learned and that is keepin it 2 real can b a "EPIC FAIL"
joked as I ate some panda express, "I'm probably going to get food poisoning." for the past 2 days I have been sharting pins made of acid
At ALL, she too old for that shit RT : Being a bully doesn't give u cool points
thank you
A source tells us sen. Adriano espaillat will begin petitioning today for congressional run. However, He has not officially declared.
#SubwayBuy1Get1 oh hell yeah! who wants to go to subway with me xD
WHY WHEN YOU NEED SOMEONE KNOW ONE ANSWERS THEIR FUCKING PHONES! 😡😡😡😡
Good on the #Grammys for getting a singer with real soul to honor Whitney. Getting choked up by JHud.
Trying to win selena gomez meet&greet
If you own rental property in/around Baltimore, you're probably overpaying on your property taxes. How to know for sure www.mdtaxappeals.com
i went into Long John Silvers and i can't get a job there not only for my face piercings(expected), but for my arm tat! WTF
Egg Plate supports Walker Point Family Center! Today:Pea Banger Omelet-Irish Sausage, English Peas, Onion, Potatoes and Jameson Cheese Sauce
Quoth my wife: "You and are gonna be shaking your little white asses off to Kool & the Gang in Tacoma tonight."
Geno's face said it all. "it's comin right for me!"
Dam,I truthfully hate when people lie.When you lie to me or around me I WILL PUT YOU ON BLAST.& I dont care who tf you are!!
does Boston Market not count? It's home style.
LMFAO! I can't even.RT : wtf can you and your friend possibly text about all day long?
Why couldn't Dysfunctional Friends just be about Jason Weaver's character? He was the most interesting, level headed, & perplexed by life.
& when things get sunny , niggas try to rain on you . none phase me dont you know that? how can you conquer a man who's conquered himself?
Congratulations to our men's soccer team for winning the ODAC championship tonight.
Pacers fans getting a little cocky looking to the Heat chanting "Beat The Heat!"
Day 3 of half marathon training with : 3 miles, 32 minutes, and a bum ankle. Hopefully I'm able to walk again tomorrow!
Def hoping for big things from Doctor/Collins. Any prediction on Akuna? Haven't heard much about him...
What I should really get into is the "" button on twitter. I just now saw your message. I have a long way to go here
Franks & Beans is goin out on the town
The question is, who pays if the T.O.T. revenue falls short of projections? Let me guess . . . .
yeah.. i think we all have 😁😜
whose to say one of our qbs won't get better being starter and gettin reps.he has no specialskill set thatcurrent guys don't have
Cool meeting at Thrive! Ribbon Cutting Good times.
: Totally agree 100% except jeff buckley's is a cover too.
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Desperate Housewives
Okay next time you have one I'll record it and do an interview. But ain't got no cash so.....er.... LOL
I'm tired of mfs talking tuff
Thanking God for so many beautiful blessings in my life! It's the best way to start a day ;) Happy Friday peeps!
that totally works right?
love you too(:
Life without you would be like a broken pencil...pointless.
I'm so sorry <3
63% of Media-Savvy Consumers Use a Connected Device While Watching Live TV - bad news or good? depends on your POV.
We enjoyed Food Truck Friday! Don't wait too long to book your fall event. Weekend dates are filling up fast! Come see us tonight.
that was straight beastin on the tables homey
Thanks for the Artful Science blog tip!
: If there was a like button on Twitter, I'd like this tweet!
hey u didn't sent to back to my ebay account...
Have a great weekend everyone..be safe! Smooches! ;-D
Oh, and do #FF for the first time in like a month.
! Twitter link up work?
You are not thugging if you go to Cheesecake Factory everyday for brunch!
3 hours of strolling magic at a corporate banquet in Vegas tonight at the Stratosphere.
I just love it, a judge that does his job right.....
man im sleepy and this boy need to hurry up and call me
Thankful for everyone that left me and never looked back....
We'll see you on Friday!
Come on over! The breakfast tacos are flowing, thanks to and El Nuevo Mexico!
I have a day off. Why can't I sleep for an hour? That's all I'm asking for. One stupid hour!!!
you know it! Jking though. C and F always have fun. Even when it doesn't seem possible.
Im going to go to sleep heartbroken tonight knowing you havent noticed me:'( </3
#GayMarriage finally Obama came out of the closet
I may have to go. Thanks
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
Oh look! There's a guy that can hit AND field better than Raburn. Must have had an affair with Leyland's wife- only explanation.
Parkrose schoolboard forces contract on teachers. What do you think about that?
Maybe the #flyers would score more goals if the musical reward was Bro Hymn
After trying paddle boarding for the 1st time a few weeks ago I'm impressed by the Paddleboarder I saw paddling across Lake Washington @ 9am
Here comes my bus!
So excited to watch on THE FINDER tonight!
Let's all pray for these people in Haiti. My heart goes out to them. It makes my problems look so small. God be with them!!!
Literally F-R-E-E PABST at Pub right now help the cause contribute to the beer pyramid. Sunday fun day for cheap. Cheers
Sorry! No exceptions or extensions. Individual grade change forms will need to be submitted via faculty center, if grades aren't in
Officially on plane back to Boise...still at the airport, but on the plane nonetheless.
"I'M SO PUMPED TO CHANGE MY TAMPON!"
chilling fam fucking with the music
We are aware of the current situation. Thanks for following us back and keep in touch.
You rock. I also live in the clouds ;)
Theenn she went on to say she wished she had the guts to go #natural . Man I just wanna be her new best friend and show her the way LOL
Bought a set of red gym lockers today,might paint them purple. Signing the lease on my building next week!!! Grand Opening August 2!!!
very nice! Squirrel netting is key. my cilantro looks like a minefield right now..
Me and Nista are taking turns falling asleep in class lol
The #RedSox haven't fallen behind in the Wild Card standings yet.
#parlay in the plaza
that sounds like a #prettygirlproblem /cc
. actually any kind that allow the ice cubes to fall out of the tray is artisanal enough for me.
Just had lunch with one of my moms co-workers....82 pounds of pure crazy.
Happy Easter! We are open from noon to 6pm today!
tears of unfathomable sadness! m yummy yummy RT : i aint even mad. you are. check yo self before you wreck yourself.
Do you have the doc in a PDF?
TGIF! Tell us how are you "Doing The Most Good" this weekend?
Hey stop f****** with Korean Jesus! He ain't got time for yo problems, he busy with Korean shit! #21JumpStreet lmao
<--- This guy is AWESOME! You really should follow him! :))
When? How?
Going to drink a delicious diet beverage in celebration of the engagement of and
IM SEXXXYYY AND I KNOW IT!
Hi Paul,, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
GAME 2 IN THE BOOKS = SEND IT
If I go to church on Sunday Then cabaret all day Monday Ain't nobody's business if I do
Something always makes me hold on, I hope this time it's different.
who is yor dream guy a)justin bieber b)robert pattison c)jake t austin
:-D ": If you are out & about enjoying your Saturday, this is for you: "Dancing is the poetry of the foot."John Dryden"
Cuz They Lovin The Crew , They Lovin The Crew....The Weeknd's Voice>>>>>>>
Great goal tonight ! overall one of your best performances if the year!
i shut my fb down a while ago or does it show me still active lol but nothin new just working like always hbu
Still searching and scared?
Glad to hear that. Jonathan Jackson is one of my favs.
well, I would guess it would be a short movie if they killed the girl at the beginning and proceed to eat the kid
aaaarrrgggh stupid auto-correct!!
My professor made me 1st author on a paper just submitted to be published!
What us $52K adjusted for inflation worth today? How out of line with Puljos?
Hi Jake. No news to share right now about 4G LTE in that area. If that changes, we'll share details here.
they are LEGIT.
It�s OK to send flowers, but don�t let the flowers do all the talking .. The best flowers can say is that you remembered
Heads up western Waukesha county, SVR warned cell in Jefferson co heading east in next 15-20 mins.
hello! Nice to meet you.
WHAT THE HAIL?! must....wait..... 2 more hours adsfkjahskuldeg
wish I had some chorizo right now.
There's a difference, tho, between innovation and greed. Not so black & white, IMO.
Uh Oh. just put #UNLVMBB on upset alert against Nervous yet
ahh ! I sent it by accident ! it's house !
is it truee?
on my personal page or the company?
What would your dream project be?
RT : Works for City attorney not the district attorney. I'm one of the people that don't know difference.
I think her tears were real!!!
Thanks, Steve. Have fun at Pycon.
I'm in Miami too... next stop my office!
There is no LPW I or LPW IV class tomorrow. Please check your email for information from your instructors.
i was thinking that...im confused too. :/
Why thank you sir. RT a rare find my friend
Well i Love ya
better than no sleep at all lol
Desert dwellers in Arizona, please have plenty of water on hand and stay hydrated. Today's temperatures will be climbing over 110 degrees.
Saw the new Two and a Half Men and didnt laugh once...... just like I figured. Miss ya
Men at Work: This year's TNT show you know you're going to watch at least once because of commercials during the playoffs.
Thoughts on SF interest as "favor" being done by Harbs/Alex as leverage play for Condon/Manning? We all know the ties.
cool I hope I get to go lol
maybe they're more like screend-door mtgs :-)
is at Comerica Park in Detroit, watching the Tigers and the Red Sox (and the Indians/Twins score on the board).
Eh I'm ok.. Tryna enjoy this beautiful day how are you?
You're a #hillbilly for postin this on twitter . Lmboooo
I think I've decided...paprika with seafoam stripe. Or lavender stripe. Hm...what do you think?
Never been this relieved to go home before...
KU-27 UK-41 This has gone worse than I thought it would. KU awful at both ends. No answer for Kentucky. Safe to say this one is over.
craving starbucks .-.
our first daughter has the #foodallergy. Recently found out that our second daughter has at least escaped the top 8!
im getting sleepy, i should take a nap !
i would love to get some honest reviews of my work.. go to www.nickywooten.com i m giving a sneakpeek ;-)
Interesting that you posted this just now. I just posted something on the sacredness of water.
Ok I lied lmfao but why is it trending yall dunnnnooo shitttttt
Massage is just one of many tools that fall into the alternative medicine category. It may even help relieve symptoms of depression.
Crazy week so far! So excited for the opportunities coming my way. Feeling blessed!
Oh you dont know me I just saw that ppl were telling you Happy Birthday so I decided to be nice and tell you.
Behold our King nothing can compare, Come let us adore Him!
All ways
#yesyesyes same picks here!
Is awfully quiet tonight.
U mean females moving up or down in socioeconomic status?
woot woot! i'm a lib arts major
My brother smells weird
Thanks! Glad you loved our video.
but you still have to play the games. 82 games went to waste last season
Jesus is coming! Look Busy.
that's a weird combo but a good one. Check me out fam DMEcollective.com dope gear
I think your amazing! I'm a big fan!
Indeed! I was discussing CO for my next move though :)
WHY ISN'T VALVERDE THROWING THAT SPLITTER MORE?? BUT LET'S THROW A FUCKING FASTBALL RIGHT DOWN THE MIDDLE
G13 on disability in kairotic spaces was one of the most important panels I've seen in my four years at
dm me your number bro
i see. well youu should stay like that for a while. and if he really likes you he'll want you again. :)
I'm not saying I want to. But I can. :)
will do, brother! Thank you!
#TebowGotTradedFor some belly button lent and a pack of winter fresh gum!
And why is there a dude doing pushups in Starbucks right now?
Can you frame those #ff in the form of a turds & blossoms assignment?
Thanks for the RT!!
This is great, Steve, thank you. Make you #think!
Lmao oh alright. Let me post some messages you've wrote lol
I suck at this shit
Disappointing sports weekend all around. Now a cup of tea and some
I have two tickets to see the Space Shuttle Launch on 10/16 f/the Causeway. Includes access to Kennedy Space Center. Have 2 work Pls retweet
Yes and no.
yayyyyy for invitations!
Loving vintage Vince Vaughn and Julianne Moore in Jurassic Park- The Lost World
Clients Hiking the Inca Trail with Active South America Arrive at Machu Picchu Today
lol can't wait to hear it from
That's right! We need another decent and moral President like JFK, Bill Clinton, or Obama.
Thanks for sharing my Storify. Hoping & make #a11ychat a monthly event.
What is the point of the day...
Its 2:39 am in VA & we still going strong!
I love u too sis. Long sigh
#WhyILoveMuseums - Museum's inspire, they open doors, they're just awesome.
Wish I got a chance to meet/talk with you at #IHSMDC last night!
No offense to , but half way thru my first listen of the new album I just switched to Ready To Die.
Dude love your stuff! New fan here! Be good.
watching the original #degrassi!! Fav line "you gave me aa social disease."
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
lol realized i did my English project wrong. thank god i didnt start writing the final draft!
I will be at the Grand Rapids Art Museum on Saturday as a volunteer helping with the Gala event!
congrats bro
Yes, exactly. The Bloggess just published a book, as did Dooce a couple years ago. I'm curious to know more about the trend
#IfIHadAGun I will shoot all them HATERS! haha nah, I don't want to waste the bullets ^.^ night(:
count on you
I don't want to think about this
' Frontera Grill. Great food. Worth every penny.
Wasn't aware the death star had a pr team! AIGA meetup tonight, want to join?
LOL! $150 for a tee?!?! Homie, you obviously make too much money. I buy my tees in 5-packs at Target for $15. Hahaha.
its all good tam glad you back on :)
The Form misses you also!!Trying to get us up in that area soon!!
thanks for your RSVP to the fashion show on the 28th! It’s sure to be a great night filled with trendy fashion lovers...
Hello! I thought I had already followed you but I was wrong! Def ask Jamie if you need help w/ your site. Happy tweeting!
Would go to the gym if it wasn't happy hour at urban active..
Love that. Arizimendi rocks in a big way RT Working at home means time to pick up scones from Arizmendi & still start working early
Perfectly worded RT : i have missed
Do you have a link to the Patch fish fry guide? I couldn't find it.
they never actually engage more than a very small part of their brain. The rest of their mind lies dormant....
If you were not here how would your absence impact the world?
Really enjoyed the speed networking event last night in Bethesda. Thanks, ! Looking forward to the next one.
I will hit up Kevin later this week. I just signed up today for the conference.
Dam Beyonce you never called me back.
“: Looks like a potential candidate for our staycool fan of the week! Ha, great pic.” Ha!
“: “: In need of #starbucks ☕”I'll b your Starbucks babe” LOL
wow. I grew up in a small MO twn home of stfair A accident involving faulty ride killed 3 in 90's Affected twns weak ecnmy for yrs.
inking pages for kids book series.. one more book almost done! :)
Getting ready to watch the #Avengers! Assemble!
#ItchyLobes kill me now.
Halloween is Better than Christmas.
