i wanted to have a double date! :/
#9RoundMinute: 15 Push Ups followed with 25 Squat Kicks! After completed, let us know how it goes!!
So true.
Sorry I could finish the Game/ Broncos. Patriots. Because of A little Proplem I had with my Laptop...
Thank you baby <3 RT : &amp; happy mothers day my love &lt;3
Luke had a great first night of basketball, have a feeling we'll be spending some more time out at our hoop.
I Wanna get On With Both Yall It's Been A Min Since We All Been On Together.!
Gonna try to go to bed early tonight. :p
Watching "Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows" in my hotel room in LA!!
Civilization is the process of reducing the infinite to the finite. Oliver Wendell Holmes (1809 - 1894)
nice job girl (: Knew you could do it!!!!
lol!!! I know- I know. Somebody tried to pull a move on me and all I could do is laugh and say: Game recognize game
's Emerging Voices program is specifically for writers who lack access the funding/support to write professionally. Apply!...
: How are u haven't heard from u in a min!
Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia!
He look good af'
Kardashians are back!!!
It's #FF & celebrating the end of semester, interesting students to follow! Graphics: & PR: &
It's #OKGo. They can't all be awesome. You'll get it next time.
#Avengers racks in $640M @ global box office. Sorry Harry Potter fans, your record has been SMASHED!
Hey thanks for following! Looking forward to seeing The Rift!
To some, their love for Paris is part of a broader love of all things French. --- Jennifer Lee
alonso will be ahead soon then kimi after that, go kimi go lotus
yes! Hopefully you come to Washington state soon! :)
My thumb is killing me. The peroxide burned so bad!
man i wish i was there!
Waking up from a nap and feeling all confused <<
#RIP CHUCK BROWN dats erry day!!!
this would be easier if i had someone to lean on . i just can't. im fucking alone and my mom thinks im stupid & immature. Kill me
Vincent Brown. I love san Diego state.
follow us please :)
Patience. Self control. Jealousy. Yeah all three are terribly stupid right now.
YAY YOU HAVE A TWITTER! :D
Any museum people know some Michigan/Ohio area exhibit designers I can add to an RFP list?
i wish would follow me . ♥
Exactly. We don't surrender states, we move in and change them.
RIP MCA...total bummer. Paul's Boutique hitting the speakers in Norman for the rest of the day.
Yep- and your profile picture looks like some kind of contemporary art that I can't understand...
Follow Me! :)
great stuff :)
dummy your lucky it didn't bust all over the freezer 😠 I miss you to I heard your having a 🚀 out there 😜
heck yeah
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 23
Often times little ones will bite when the milk flow is too fast, or too slow.
PICK ON ME
My legs feel like rubber. I should probably stop drumming now.
look at my last RT. see, some people want someone to say theyre proud of them. so dont take it for granted when i say it. (;
los angeles
This has been a great day!
I already got a text of upcoming charge with the wrong amount... Every month I'm told it's fixed...
Who's still up? Come talk to me!
Just got my satin robe and 3 nighties from ! So pretty. Thx and !
15 penalties against the #packers. Roid rage?
S/O To all my new followers
Judge manning rules in favor of N.C. nationally acclaimed prekindergarten program!
lol thanks so much fun watching these uk footy games with fans!
With nick and jesse(:
Yeah, my ceramics project is in the display case
I was gonna say..
Yotam Polizer discussing dealing with trauma in #israel and around the world.
for movember, are to
people have staring problems at the gym ..
of course anytime!
My are 4-1. Kemp and Kershaw are picking up right where they left off last year.
Interview 2:00...wish me luck!!!
6:16 and I haven't gotten out of bed.
So thank you. We are truly #thankful for all of you. From the
Finally home, so glad I get to sleep in tomorrow. Tonight was crazy.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
thank you :) and keep uploading your music, i look forward to more ready revolution
Thanks Maggie! Glad to have you and you beautiful shop on board. What unique jewelry - we love it!
SPOILER ALERT! you probs just ruined the show for someone who hasn't watched it yet
Contest: Win an American Legacy TV "Blacks in the Military" DVD! All you have to do is be our 150th follower! Good luck!
Volunteered with today!
RT : That one person who puts a smile on your face every time you see them ☺
Ok.. I'll tell him.
Hopefully I don't have a dream about getting fired :(
tanks so much!!
People do too much in the library
Greatest blanket ever.
Just want to welcome the new draft picks to the ! So excited!!!
always a hot topic, even in years when it's not marquee
has made me aware that the glorification of pimps is so wrong and that prostitutes are CSEC
Java w/ nothing added (boo!). I'm starving, BTW. Oh, will you be at the #PRSAColo luncheon tmrw?
Sounds Interesting..... but has never let me down!
hope to get on season 2 Baltimore crew misses you
Still on edge about this....
That song that sings at the end of the finale of #Smash is amazing!!! I totally cried when we were filming that scene 😢
I love a confident woman because when she makes me a sandwich it taste so much better.
Send me the exact request and response to .
Get Joe Johnson the ball let him win it with 3.
finishing a final project for my data mining class, analyzing trends in Yelp data & looking at what is discussed in positive vs poor reviews
don't care what nobody says.. The Lakers are still going to be raw, it's not all about Kobe. The NBA is just lucky that we didn't get CP3.
Cheer Up Scooter!
Canadians don't use Pink Bats?
Our new yellow coupon book is out at stores! New offers, and great savings! Don't miss out! Get a FREE GWP for $50! Limit one per person
u must not know next time u see me ill tell u the solution lol
R.i.p whitney houston
Movie Night !(:
If the Ravens go after Mike Wallace and get him....look out
I'm donating a lot of clothes to Goodwill today. Hopefully they make some people happy :)
Some1 pls tell me y Toni B has on a different wig in every scene?!?... Baby girl pls pick 1 & keep it on 4 at least half of the episode. Lol
All us parents want to know is that you will be at your best when you are an adult and you make something great of yourself.
Sheriff departments are responsible for law enforcement at the county level. Most patrol unincorporated areas b/t municipalities.
Our goal is to keep the process simple, understandable, and un-intimidating; while not creating classism by requiring current primary care.
Thank you for the follow.
I haven't pretended to work since I got here in Sept. :) Keep an eye on A lot of great programs coming up.
Rollies in St cloud...wow! I love watching people ride a mechanical bull!
I GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS\ CALL ME FOR TICKETS SO U CAN RIDE THE PARTY BUS VIP ALL THE WAY
Tomorrow I will wear body glitter on my face as war paint. 1990's Johnson County war paint.
Monday Night 450 Mass Ave. Come check out the new spot! starts at 9
Amen to that! RT Good luck on midterms. Finish the week strong, then it's spring break!
Crap. Why couldn't it have been Brodziak?
I love #smalltimore when I run into cool people like and talk about cool things like #running, , &
looking forward to your show tues Station Inn Nashville
thanks for the RT
if you guys want me to give you guys a shoutout just tell me!
hungry but don't feel like eating... tired but don't feel like sleeping... twittery but don't feel like tweeting...
Colonels baseball upset the Tennessee Vols and now Purdue!
Special honor to my wife Yarnell, mom Geri, mom in law Janice I love you all! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
fuck it they got the good pussy plus they know some tricks they got experiance
I have sneezed about 100 times today.. I. cant. stop.
Get your slut some flowers ! #boycottrush #rushlimbaugh. We were customers, never again unless they drop him.
slip and bust my ass!!! Lmao
Today my buddy and I have been texting Eddie Murphy quotes back and forth.
Good morning twitter people <3
#edshow Not only did Cher's last Plastic Surgery make her uglier, Doctors perform accidental LOBOTOMY on her
No officer, I was not texting while driving! Ugh! I'm not stupid! I was tweeting.
Omg honestly guys why is Alex gaskarth so beautiful?
night buddy
A miss Elizabeth Entwhistle told me to check you guys out. I really dig your guys' concept! :)
If I were on the NY Giants, Id be super pissed about all those finger prints on the trophy just now.
Time to roll it up, light it up... inhale, exhale. Repeat until maximum satisfaction is reached.
To weed out the weak. No the first one is a decoy for parents and future employers.
To be #honest the #rams are not good
he is done
oh wait, were you one of the bigots that booed the black Capitals player when the Bruins got knocked out?
I'm not even motivated enough at this point to get off the couch and go to bed.
I've been your fan since Shark Boy and Lava Girl.. hahaha. c;
A Dallas Cowboy VICTORY!
Thanks to everyone who supported , and a big congrats to our next executive team Let's get to work!
We are located in San Jose and serve most of the South
what happened?
yup yup <3
The magnolia tree by our kitchen is like a neighborhood bar for birds. At least 12 in it right now. I think they just yelled "Norm!"
We will color u in paint
others follow :)
Anyone using have a good way to create HITS from ? A non developer way since reading the docs is like C++
I love an event that encourages accessorizing to my favorite beverages. I just try to keep up w/the show!
Yeah new client but not sure about the header and mast- seems unbalanced- might flip it around
Bad dreams are never fun!
I unfollow unfollowers! Why shouldn't I? Don't you?
Thank-you Meredith Tucker and Boardwalk Empire ! WOHOO!
Had a long day! Tired and crashin goodnight! <3 relay for life in the morning!
Meijer's? I found good stuff there last week up near my parent's house.
Day dream at night time i think to much
The sound on my ipod just decided to stop working, awesome
Yay have fun lady :)
Yeah, that's the real issue. More should have been done. Why didn't they call police in 2000, and then in 2002?
aww im sorry :/
Inspiration is an energy that is always present waiting for you to connect to it. It takes courage to embrace it.
I honestly want to cry because had to come home. They deserve more time in Australia. RT if you agree
Lets go!(: ": Trying to go to chicago this spring break forsure!! :p"
I know right, im on it now (; lol
i am back in the office today.
I fell in love with the person u were not the person u r now💔
I didn't want it either.
haha so true..
king of diamonds is poping tonight pass the word
Read my awesome tweets #Beliebers and all of you in the world.. Go3xx RT it.. :) Swag
Kill everything that you love.
nice knees
Excited about the new site (for music industry pros) coming in 2010
You all deserve to be hungover. Thanks for the nice tips though! Happy New Year!
The Current Analysis #EC12 Wrapup -Chris Hummel, Siemens Enterprise. Highlighted recent successes, Pending IPO and new technologies.
37 weeks! So happy I'm full term now!
Just something in my eye.
#libchat Q8 Hell no. Information is king. Agreed
Lol at Cm Punk a couple of years ago telling Petey Williams that the Canadian Destroyer was a Stupid move! I guess the GTS Is Better
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I hope you have a GRAND day love you xoxo! 💛
The more we are filled with love, the less room there is for hate.
I can take off
Why does #PhilPhillips always get that mean face and overexert the growl thing when singing? Its a put off. Just sing dude!
again why do I need to txt first? #commonsense :)
I'll get you those drinks this summer
yeah. Got passes to a screening through work. Awesome!!!
One word replies means you can fuck off now.
I do the silliest things to myself, and it was the bad knee of course Agh ;p
“: Finally done recording. Thanx for your voice on the hook ”
-> RT : You know what would be awesome.. Some Football.
HEY PEOPLE ! I'm looking for a talent agent so if you can help me I would be most grateful ! Tryin to BLOW UP IN HOLLYWOOD !
Strive to be “inoubliable“ (unforgettable)!
- still want to do a story about your singing daughter?
I finally figured out how to look at Magic Eye pictures!
If being a jackass was a real career option, I would be jacking asses all day long
and er, huffing the ethos?
Win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre on 28th Jan! Tweet or DM me why you deserve to win.
I have a plan .. I just hope it plays out right
DMC (Delorean Motor Company) is planning to release electric Deloreans in the near future.
- So you don't talk to girls in real life, but you tweet with them all the time.
wants to take her bike out for a long ride along the beach
Jon Stewart was just talking about the President and his backing of gay marriage. It was hilarious.
We've been invited to the Snapple Theater in NY. Woohoo! Special invitation!
Am from america and I really wanna raya follow me !! How ????
I do that for breakfast 😖I have a routine
Ryan Braun.... smashing! Wow
Planting backyard gardens in rows is funny. Mini farms. Yep.
we playn in a tourny there next week.
All the time.
The Phil Collins makes it even better.
Thank you as well. Enjoy your 4th of July.
if u call it settling..
yea thats wat i do like EVERY day! haha
went to court for my liver they hit me wit murda
do you cover new hires? If so, who should I send that info to?
Have deeper understanding and new found respect for #QTI after recent modeling and training dev. project.
no we can't kanye :(
- if you think things are bad on the show, read the graphic novels. They got worse faster there :)
YES!!! I'VE BEEN LISTENING TO YOU CONSTANTLY ALL DAY!!
Work party with the impressive and talented ! Woo! She's jealous because her cat likes me better.
Just watched Derek here in USA. Illegally of course. It's got good potential. Karl is fantastic.
So...what are u thinking??
Mom: Justice? Me: Yes? Mom: .... Me: *confused* Mom: you busy? Me: uh no..? Mom: Clean my room? Me: Actually.. I am busy.. Sorry gtg
wants to retire
- Avoid that weekend. Stay home & BBQ. Then go during the week - avoid the crowds. Start w/ Estes Park. Take peak-to-peak highway.
RT : You are about to witness a dynasty like none other join the movement
I love twitter but sometimes it just take so long to update shit :p
Fellow me
barn owl
Thank you . for being angry about 's cuts to child care and after school.
Oops, meant to send that tweet from this account! LOL
Some days, they taste like lemonade. Some days, can feel like razor blades.
My photos always look so much better as online proofsheets from . How do they do it?!
WOW!!! haters bring a smile to my face daily, too...
Love the people who played with Junior Seau over the last 20 years and can explain what he meant to them in 140 characters
what time we gotta be there
miss YOU too!!
OK...I'll expect a follow back soon. :P ;)
haha must be!
congrats man!! Blessings
We did a great job @ our last practice of going 2 our big man Traveon Joyce, (1 of the best n his class) but it didn't carry over 2 the game
honestly I dislike the ones who wanna trend Beliebers Respect Selenators. Cuz Selenators always will start fights..Its just a stupid TT
I will take a picture of the REAL Jurassic park for you today haha
I have an insatiable #appetite this weekend. Must. Stop. Snacking.
The Hunger Games book is so good...just like the movie so i have a visual of everything haha im a dork
Another storm..
distance doesnt mean anything.
good luck Vera :)! hope U take the trophy home! Be Well :)
U know what really grinds my gears...
7 more minutes!!!!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! <3
I dont know yet. Ill tell you happy birthday are u cool with that?
I don't usually talk current events but that 2pac Hologram is blowing my dang mind. Fuck yea. Here we are.
#catladyforlife #CatLadyProblems I sing to my babies all the time!
I love my boyfriend, and I know I'm about to love him a lot more in a min :)
Would you go on a Chocolate Tour Bus Ride for a first date?
Spelling is important, but it is 20th cent skill. Critical thinking now RULES/ROCKS!
#TWKD lol really? How's it confusing? All youu got do is tell your dad "I love youu dad" a 100 times in one day! ;p
Get my mac spinnin' beach ball on at ...the summer party never stops.
"when you lost and your tired, when your broken in two - let my love take you higher cause i, i stil turn to you" -Turn To You
Will Ferrell hosting #snl this is gonna be a great one!
What's good twitter?
Got front row seats to the California Raisins playin' on my pillow.
Don't you hate it when you have to start at the beginning?
WTF?!?!?!?! Maria went home on DWTS?!?!?! WTF has gone wrong in the world today?! She was supposed to WIN!!! D':
Had the best day!!!! He always makes being in WM more bearable. ;)
Play it loud!
While and I were discussing the 'Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory' vs. 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory' our conversation...
Whats worse then having an enemy, is having a friend that doesnt care.
The Greater University & Fremont Chambers of Commerce helped to put on tonight's event. We love our neighborhood chambers!
Thank you Dr. Lena Smith at The Retreat in Rio Rancho, NM! A great organization serving very important people!
So annoyed right now....
What is a holographic shaman? :)
Where exactly was that intentional/flagrant foul that required a monitor review to see which Duke player committed it?
guys! i was trying to be nice! now look what you've done.
i lalalalalalaloveeee justin bieber!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey what are you going to do in the summer when it come???
What do you hear in SF?...Crickets.
Much love n Happy Birthday to Angie Walker some of my favorite people n the world (hello N'Dea)
pretty positive about it....
how's berlin treating you?
Where is the currency currently located ?
Whats the wordRT : what it do?
What do you MEAN the name of her book is "Winner of the National Book Award?"
busy but productive! Ready for the weekend. Time for me to get a drink and chilax
going to be a great game tonight. Heat win by 12. LeBron score 36. :)
got a call from my Auntie in West Palmbch Fl, my Grandma in NYC is not doiing well.
Hi again, how's it going?
thanks Ellen, enjoy your weekend as well.
thank you my love...glad you enjoyed it!
The combination of my protein shake and my water with lemon is making my mouth taste like fruity pebbles.
That sad feeling when your best friend ditches you for another person who they've known for half a semester......... ):
My close friends? My Cellphone, Laptop, Camera, and the TV. F*ck humans.
The wages of SIN is DEATH, but the GIFT of GOD is ETERNAL LIFE #IAintLyin #GodsFavor #SpiritualSolutions#
😏 RT : I gotta lil crush on gorgeous ass
Whitney Houston <3
I just want him to like me ._.
on here seem like you haven't
V8 Fusion is AMAZING
can you start posting hammers headlines on iTunes? Best part of show. Work/school, can't listen everyday.
I'm going to be late for my fucking orientation. Mother!! Hurry up with my damn pills!!
Basic developmental skills are so important.
Don't miss out on wednesdays one day special $20 for 30 minute massage. Call today 503 449 5164
IF I had a chance to meet the i would make sure they will always remember me lol
thats what pure fans do
- just bought my rasp. ketones from vitacost! whoo hoo! obviously working hard this morning.. :) THANKS
HEY :D
I always listen to bachata on the train.
(Thumb up)
So excited for a new episode of
thanks for the follow!
Your most uncomfortable times are the ones where you're doing the most growth.
#Brewers win!
Dark chocolate with sea salt, red wine, and manipulating copper...now that's a quality Wednesday night!
don't forget about yo' twitter nation
...embrace that shit when you find it. What other option do you really have?
hahhaa love to say HI HATERS on youtube. :)
hey shit happen u will get better one don't trip
Shit not cute
Is everyone in a rush to get to their Oscar parties? Or just drunk already?
Health Club > Night Club
I know I know!! Between the pokes and the tea :) I have no clue why it hasnt struck me till now.
Hey Brad thanks alot man...we'll return the favor.
Amen to that.
Feed the hand that bites?
she works out hard, no doubt about that! But u can't argue with genetics!
Are your hands really dry? Try our Face & Body Scrub, followed by our Advanced Moisturizer. Satisfaction Guaranteed! beautysnatural.com.
hold up Keisha only expressed how she felt ain't nothin wrong w-that
Holy crap! It's an iPhone!
you knew i was home bored when you had that party..
Video Shoot sunday. Who's in LA??
RT ": i Want Someone To Text For Days. . Cuz People Be Disappearing. ."
Dude, I'm not looking for a fight...but picking one with an MMA fighter is bad on your part.
Show me and prove to me that you want to be with me
Going to try and get some sleep. Night Twitter world.
Awe. Thanks so much Jake.
Why the hell are you following Kim Kardashian?
Yes, that's me. Thank you for saying that. :)
Side arm balance is badass!
Happiest of birthdays !!
Agreed...bacon can do no wrong!
Finally! The questions!
other than that, thoughts??
Just had a good swim :)
Millions of Chronically Ill, Lacking Insurance, Can 't Get Needed Care Millions of Chronically Ill, Lacking Insurance, Can 't Get Needed
That awkward moment when you're thinking & staring out straight without noticing you're starring directly at someone.
ugh old crusty poly feet don't even get me started lmao
we can convert you easily ;) nick is worth it!
i wasnt working the shoot, but they let me stop by and meet some of the peeps that are on for HSII - and explore, obvi :D
LSU starts opening up the offense only after they fall behind by 12.
good stuff from Loew, Lahm, and Bierhoff re: human rights in Ukraine. We work on combating hate crime there.
fuckk u bitch
No one can be both indecisive and effective at the same time.
Planning a Birthday/Family trip to MEXICO with my favorite person Rachel and her Boys :-) Hurry up APRIL 9th!!
those are the best
#rememberwhitney I don't think people sitting behind the speaker realize the camera is able to see them....or maybe they don't care
"Auntie get me a napkin hurry!" ... "Why?!" ... "I did something really bad" ... "What?!" ... "I wrote on the banana." Lmfao only me.
Good bye brown hair, hello blonde 😃
Madonna halftime show sick!!
9 days of school left not counting the weekends. Yayyyyy!!☀
It's about time!
Damn, it's "ask boss for money to attend lots of conferences" time, incl #toccon, #DBW12, Print and ePub in SF.
lol I'm enjoying it before I get into my 30-40 hr weeks!
If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else. - Ann Landers
~+_--- WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Ben:"will U accept this penis?' Nicki:"Yes, yes, yes.
Everyone needs to watch money from strangers. It's so genius! Funniest show on MTV!!!
Go to mvtv.org video on demand Faces n Places MV AfAm Film Fest episode to see me in action! I want to interview you ASAP!
They Carry'n the Heck outta the ball in the Shaq vs. Chuck Game!
oh okay thanks "D
Red Ring of Death on my NEW Sony BRAVIA XBR HX929 3DTV! Only 3 months old and its the 2nd TV. On hold w/Sony for over an hour now.
Your DEXA scan my be awesome since increasing dairy, but that only shows bone density, not bone elasticity. It ain't all about calcium.
youve got some angry.fans!
We just updated our page to the new Timeline design. Check it out!
hahaha thank god.
TWEET ME .
$10 for a #peroni and burger at #davanti in little italy on Mondays.
... No one cares about Middle School... This is High School... Lol jp
I'm doing a karaoke marathon myself. Wouldn't it be funny if we were in the same place?
Left my youth in pursuit of the truth, and gained a world of dishonesty.
Just want to go home and take a nap. Then getting to watch some celtics and thunder ball tonight. Fuck the 76's and lakers
RT : Lovie Smith downplays any talk that Shea McClellin's weight will be an issue.
finally some i can relate to its lik just shut up
#ThingsWeDoDuringExams Remember to put your name on it first.
Indiana is #Innovation - Congrats to all the 2012 #MiraAwards winners!
to mr arroyo how i always get in trouble lol
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 16
I dunno im juss not that type ... Never was
:) RT FB asks what I’m thinking, Twitter asks what I’m doing, 4quare asks where I am. The internet has turned into a crazy gf!
Kids get a day off from school and what do they do? Play school. Go figure.
Why digitize hand-drawn maps instead of levering digital mapping tools? Story of my life: crazy materialist fetishes = big workflow problems
SOME PEOPLE ARE SO SMART ,TO THE POINT THEY ARE DUMB!! OR THEY ARE SO DUMB THEY WILL NEVER BE SMART THINK ABOUT IT"
aspires toward not very monotonous readability. And, we are all looking for a new job.
no problem. How you been?
Feeling overwhelmed? Never stop simplifying.
This class...5 minutes!!! :/ I will never take an art history at berklee ever in my life again!!
Lower the price to like $35, and make everything digital and available via download. No overhead cost with DVD's. Boom.
Ty Lawson going off right now
hey there! :D
iim the shiit and u biitches follow my lead
^tl I'm glad you like Cup of Joe, spread the word so others like you can enjoy the Peace & love we share, thanks for the...
#NowPlaying Stevie B / Spring love #FreestyleFriday | Finally got this one.
Nope -- that's called time travel
When I win the lottery, expect to be pissed off at the irreverent ways I will waste my money. ie unusable pools full of marshmallow fluff
you should workout so you look good. That's what I'm doing
Measure what matters, including traffic to the VIC, web, social media, media impressions, newsroom traffic.
my fave frag is cashmere luxury but Walmart never has it when i go there so i use glowing touch sheer twilight and daily silk
"Id rather be a whore then a pyscho." Hahah.
Headed to the OUTFEST/FUSION film festival to see the 5 shorts I cast for the OUTSET program for new filmmakers! Very excited!
I'm not saying he took the constitutional right position--I'm saying it would be hard for him to take that position.
Or is it IN the force?
If Wade touches the ball, foul him. He's 4-12 today on FTs.
Yes. I have Vimeo Pro. Great for hosting.
Bout to roll up and work on my music and logos , shirts comin soon supportin myself is what i need to do
No mircobursts in Chelan Bagg! We'll be there memorial day to kick off the summer
Chris Matyszczyk @ CNET.com: you rock!
Unemployed 3 months now. Can't get an IT, waiter or Bartending job. Market is really bad.
Thanks new Followrs! I followed back. I have a big weekend planned! Eat, Sleep, Poop, Eat, Sleep, more pooping, maybe a hairball. xoxoxo
Art. Authors. Actors. Activists. Great weekend
Don't u hate when regardless of the many times you correct the spelling of your name, ppl still spell it the way they want to
Trying to score Springsteen tickets for Nationals Park. Unsuccessfully. Day could be ruined.
You are making me hungry just thinking about I may have to stop back tonight just for some more goodies :)
I can't peel myself away from the TV because I'm waiting to see the teaser for our story that airs tonight on !
Tonight is the last concert of our 29th season and we're finishing off our season of piano quintets with Schubert's Trout. Don't miss out!
what about the original flannel boy? pac man is so stupid sounding omg i seriously like latifa.
I don't know why hates me so much :(
hate trying to remember how to set my clock in my car
Thank you very much! I am looking forward to your tweets as well. Please let me know if you ever have any questions.
My phone isn't even working.
What about the religious and civil rights of Catholics who are LGBT and who might want to marry? Don't their rights matter?
I wouldn't say a particular coast is better than the other. I would however compare cities.
Good Night I Love u!:)x
Even in death, Farrah and Michael will remain bigger than life. All of our thoughts go out to the families.
Why do some girls think it's awesome to dress as Slave Leia? "Yay! Let's celebrate sexual slavery!" Am I taking this too seriously?
I know it’s my fault, I shoulda gave more
Stephen Oelrich sees six digits in Q1 fundraising...$100,305 for the quarter.
#alexandroberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet =}
What a hoot last night!! Thank you Steve & Karen!!
RT : 4 dead, dozens injured in OK. Alright, here's our chance to show we can give when it's not just about us.
If we have mutual followers right now, they're like STFU, no doubt
My poor baby woke up sick 😞😰😣
I'm a huge fan of the EM DASH also.
tracy morgan is crazy wild.. funny
WHAT? WHATS WRONG?! WHO DO I GOTTA BEAT UP FOR YA? LOL
Director of Programs Vanessa Whang intro-ing program & letting everyone know about our Searching for Democracy program w/
To support mother and father, to cherish wife and child and to have a simple livelihood; this is the good luck. -- Buddha
Mrs. Denney skipped intermediate and put me straight into concert choir :) I'm so proud of myself!
Thanks for following
what's up kid
Trust in the Lord with every part of you, He knows your heart, He knows what you need, and He has a special plan for you.
I'm saying that's not ok. You don't get a lifelong pass on being able to add an attachment or submit your grades.
Crying it out, in bed #OneOfThoseDays on the bright side no more car shopping
Some girls wear so much lipstick it looks like theyve been snackin on a pig heart.
Ah i see, its not that bad :p
I just read the article about the transplant. I received one 5 yrs ago. From a recipient to a donor, all I can say is thank you.
C should not downsize. I am adamantly opposed to that. FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair needs to resign.
I've been a Toastmasters member for three years. It's a lot of fun.
A pink primrose blossomed this morning on the first day of spring.
Both great! Gotta love being on the glass.
It's the last Council meeting of 2011...oh my!
well he WAS 28 at one point but now he IS 34..(: Haha that's 2 years younger than my mom . Freaky much? But I still love him.
lol yeah ! i used to work with her! small world!!
: Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true!
cool, thanks. might be a bit but I'll hope to do just that!
It's my time I don't care what you have to say
Must. Fix. Tummy. Grumbles. Meet you half way? :)
i hope not im not bringin my stuff for it
If i reached for your hand, would your eyes get wide?
I hit the pavement again but all my knuckles were broken there's no use of trying
Value of Purchasing E-book Collections: "books are an underperforming assets." at least in one analysis.
i was half asleep in the shower for like 2 hours lml
#refreshleadership was great this year!!! Always a very worthwhile event.
Rainy crappy day here in milwaukee but my hunny & I will be spinning some breaks together @ a little gathering so its gonna be allright :)
We could have some pretty fierce hate sex though.
hey miranda what time is the live chat et 16th with you...
s/o's to for putting together a great show at the San Antonio Event Center. Shit was dope!
yes lets hope 12-21-12 don,t spoil it for all of us
- I wanted to, but my brother booked us a gig for that night. Hopefully nxt time, tho tht may be a while according to
So - I'm not going to win my NCAA bracket, but if (and only if) Kentucky beats Louisville, I can still beat my 10-month-old's picks. Sweet!
Today is the first day of shooting workouts for our guys. We got strength and conditioning later. Busy schedule ahead.
Merry Christmas Eve!!
Maybe JV but definitely us FNgals. Quit your whining. ^_~
How about some "Tacos Jefe" for halftime?
thank you :)
j/k but he can get it
We can help! RT In the market for a tacky Christmas sweater... Can anyone help me out??
Driving around San Marcos listening to "The Motor Booty Affair". It's like it's 2004 all over again.
not everyday do you come across dancing pigs in a window.....
So inspired by The Orchid Show at the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx tonight!!
Badger band blew away the Ducks..
WOW I'm inspired :)
You can bunt Cesar.
Dear Apt Renters, please don't show me a view of a rusty barred window as you description of amazing views.
Good to know. Thanks. :)
#AFROTC Det 150 pride! RT : Dr. Turner is now presenting the degree candidates, starting with commissioned candidates.
my record pre-order hasn't shipped yet, sad panda.
Thank you !!! See you this summer.
“The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.” Plutarch
only for you <3
cant sleep anymore
DS: All Defensive Coordinators in Baltimore Ravens history need to
Sorry kendra. way too late already on the plane to #MKE RT “: Photo by the guitar please.”
I like Trivial Pursuit.
's Love Interruption. Yes.
Really?? Fanta?? Crush is amazing!! Although MT Dew beats ALL!! lol. Enjoy! So how are u doing tonight?
Youre gonna need a few extra vitamin waters then aren't u.. and by a few, I mean cases hahah
Whatever name you know it as, the results are the same: beautifully, smooth shiny hair
Need a doctor: and the Choir Academy of Harlem Performance Choir just rocked my face off at the
wish that URLs displayed in the TwitterConnect pod in the #EDULIVE webinar were clickable ... please share in the chat as well ... thx
And now we'll steal us a car & we will drive to the stars, I will give you the moon It's the least I can do, If you give me the chance ~
You're welcome :)
cody why you so badass for?
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Senior Analyst in #NJ who will focus on Health Care Operations!
hey mike! Let's chat sometime.
Saying this now. I'm sorry if I get an attitude
Going to be honest, it's been a while. ( )
Woot! Good for you.
alex cuthbert. well scouted.
Mothafucka I'm awesome.
If the weapon is your love, I got my hands up
I think that there need to be more space for creativity and flexibility, while still maintaining order in a classroom!...
Tech day 2. Here we go!!
thanks. Team effort RT “: I got counted at #fillthebowl! Nice work and crew”
Wow, we are playing 7-up in class!
A lot of people give advice about things they've never done... yet they have all of the answers for you and your situation. Haha. Get ReeL!
lmao when I retweeted that I was thinking exactly that haha
With a hat tip to Joe Ledbetter,I'd like to wish Big Blue Nation the best of luck as they try to go 1 and 1 with the Hoosiers this year...
I'm guessing that's not the kind of bday present you had in mind from me...
kinda. inglewood is a bit farther i think
I can't wait for James Lipton to interview me one day. Dying to tell the world my favorite curse word.
true. Tell u mom my ethnicity is "ga-lien" Karen ppl are from "pa-ma" aka Burma
i dont know if soul surfer won for drama movie.
I'm gonna camprock tonight \m/
Like your style Ray! “: thank you...but I'd prefer you were holding out a Manhattan upon my arrival. (^_^)”
Thanks! Pass the word!
thisclose to pushing my phone's lock screen code in the elevator, instead of the lobby button. FYI.
Wonderful show at Don Quixote's last night!! Thank all of you who are in the area, for coming. As I have been saying, it has been a while s
1993 was the cutoff for flannel.
Where are those happy times? I need them so badly.
wow, big restructuring at harvard libraries. sending support out to colleagues there. is live-tweeting.
Did you know?This month's theme is "Workers and the struggle for liberation".Celebrations will take place in Eastern Cape,...
Kind of a "Live Blog" for the Q1 fundraising now on The Political Hurricane. We will be updating form there now.
Secondhand smoke causes almost 800,000 cases of middle ear infections in US each year.
getting my "Top Albums of 2011" post together. always a fun entry to write for ya'll.
I'm gonna make a stop on the way home. I'm thinking Jack Single barrel.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  39
Could've went to jail for being potential predators 😂
That is so funny and true about Rene. Ha!
Thanks again for your support :)
July 26th is going to be a night to remember!
“: Stop it! You and I both know all of that changed once they lost Billups.” your an idiot Steven a Smith
We can disagree, that's cool. But someone, with good lawyers, will take the risk. That's what I'm saying.
Post prandial: muddle 1/4oz lemon juice, 1/4 oz bar syrup, basil leaf; add 2 oz Hendricks gin, shake vigorously and serve up! Merveilleux!
How to Adjust Bicycle Gears
the gutter rats are everywhere
Thats what i am talking about!!! ": #PACERS!!!! I believe too!"
If there are 15 million alcoholics in America, and at least one person loves but misunderstands each one, that's alot of pain out there.
Sonja isn't going??? That is hilarious. :)
#myfirstyearatfamu I was traumatized by those damn flying roaches. Still think they're mutants... Roaches are not supposed to fly!
still a key 102/1 artist.
Are you Still handing out paper fliers? Your prospects went mobile years ago. Text me at 916-420-6020 to learn more
Law of Success #6: Enthusiasm. Foundation of Pleasing Personality. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
TONIGHT...Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays...it goes down EVERY WEDNESDAY at The 12 Bar on Fulton Street...GET IN THERE!!!!
Watching "Broadcast News" on Albert Brooks' flop sweat . . . classic!
Good first round.
dude u suck u went to sleep on me
Are we talking about cats now?
lol thanks ikr? austin's very sexy ;)
Thank for following! :0)
near death? Little exaggeration. Sounds like an average night in
Partying in ny and the giants about to win!
congrats “: Can't believe we will be 3 in July....”
I LOVE YOU TOO CECILLIA!
lol go to spot
follow me everyone
Is that a sarcastic laugh?
Ah storms...love em!
Love only speaking to through dm only :)
Media Tryin' To Make Lebron and D.wade Play Against Themselves! SMDGH!
Back to school Special: Box Lunch Delivery....get $1 off for every person on orders for 20 or more people!!
er thing is purple.
alright Excel. Let's see what kind of trouble we can get into this afternoon.
Heading to Portland for
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much! xo
Thanks for the feedback. Any other specific problem points on the iPhone? Also cc'ing our developer
It's 2011. Stores need to match competitors' online price. And I should never have to print a coupon.
“: Pacemates just made me change my opinion about pajama jeans...ha”you love it!!!!!
Riding the school bus isn't so bad now is it?
Warren Buffett: 'America's best days lie ahead'; Opinion could boost US markets, so says reut.rs/hMrOrB
would be interested to know more about the models--especially of the black American artists who spent years outside the US
Oh please, you're a natural beauty. I've known you long enough to make that statement in full honesty!
“There are three things I have learned never to discuss with people... Religion, Politics, and The Great Pumpkin. ” ― Charles M. Schulz
I can't wait for the #bachelor season finale tonight!!
Taking it lightly? Lost in the flurry You start to worry You will be buried
Yet those with tattoos are still severely judged based upon appearances.
I'm glad you had fun :D what'd you dress up as?
Just met !
Taks week is a joke. Anyone wanna hang after school?
"Do me a favor?" "Does it involve me getting up?" "...Yes." "Then no."
today is my birthday, can i get a hello gorgeous?
it will be good but it b better if u wer ther :) babe :3. Well ima go sweepy now so sweet dreams beautiful!
my real name is daysi and he calls me daysi Marie all the time but I'm friends with u on FB PS u are very pretty
they were all disabled as we typically do for most of her stories.
Yeah, to me, License to Ill is the Beasties ... and I'm listening to that song now. On repeat.
man I'm so bummed.
Haynako. You're too young to look at my desktop. Privacy bro. :)
Bout to watch the avengers
What a performance by future Hall of Famer Eli Manning! What a season. Can't spell elite without Eli...
Just got an overview of 's geo stack from . Very much enjoying #WhereConf, thanks
Happy Friday! May the 4th be with you!
Damnit I'm sore from working out. I wish I could stand up to pee.
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative employment for artists!
Thanks for the RT! We are moving to To continue getting updates from us please follow our new account
Lunch in 30 minutes!
I am hoping to work on more jewelry this week/weekend. I have a wedding so we will see if I find the time.
#Madonna at the #Superbowl Halftime show , Strike A Pose!
i love you charlie!!!.....ahahahahahahahahahahaha lmao
I just posted about my awesome experience yesterday with these jets. Needless to say, I am very sad. :*(
My phone died people text me or message me your numbers please many thanks!
Precious im not going to be able to make it. I cant find my ticket.
Signficantly more important.
just wanted to say your awesome and thanks for everything always hugs!!
Determination and motivation are the keys to #success S/O to my
Nevermind i am going to bed happy now. he sid goodnigh to me(:
Hahaha oh yano its a hard days work
I'm reading the tweet out of context. Who is Cole? W.G. Sebald changed my life so I must know about Cole. Thank you.
Agree with , I'm the committee chair for ALCTS Continuing Education next year. Fill out ALA volunteer forms!
Staal, Orpik, Jeffrey, Martin, Park, Kennedy and Tangradi, its been nice cheering you on in the #Burgh. Better luck in your next city.
good! Many languages spoken here, so I am constantly wearing the translation headphones.
We're pretty excited about !
#internet #marketers #affiliate #marketers twitter me that twitter me this is your #online strategy really going to make you #rich? lol
i printed it
My #fridayreads are a stack of travel guides about Peru!
Today's Special: Pickled Beef Tongue Sandwich w/ Candied Balsamic Onions & Creamy Blue Cheese on French Bread. Soup Du Jour: Veggie Borsch.
I am such a normative Pinterest user, and am really impressed by individual's creation of Pinterest "essays" to expand visual knowledge.
So do I, , but strangers take it the wrong way.
Vain! J.F.Kennedy must b rolling in his grave. Re:"Pakistan ke liye log nahy bane the, ...
Day 2. Five meetings.
possibly a few friend probably your mom.
I have 25 minutes to get ready.
You don't know my struggle, so u can't knock my hustle!
you're so right.
what features/functions play into your selection?
Be sure to follow our 2012 Visual Culture Conference Twitter feed
me too.
Their mj. concern now is how to support/teach with the variety of devices.
my Spanish teacher is being nice....
Sometimes I get mad and keep it to myself... I don't know if its a good thing or bad thing..
how about they make one with Omaha's favorite reporter's name which is a palindrome?
Check in with me in July :) May need a pep-talk!
Fuck what you heard..it is what you kown that is fo sho.people got life fucked up fo real..
Turn your bibles to John chapter 14 verse 6 give me a amen when you get there
pretty good -- but I don't want to test it at reunion. I did badly the last time I tried at 10yrs
dont be jealous just because im loved by everybody, and nobody even remotly likes you
also let's not tweeze our eyebrows for the next month too
But not as reckless as charging interest and pricing education in a way that hinders the people from access
Man a tough loss tonight. Started out hot but couldn't get the hits down the stretch. 1-1.
Have I mentioned that OU has the highest per capita number of National Merit Scholars enrolled at a public university?
It's driving me crazy what messages I'm missing. I need to decide which of my bare bones apps to delete.
Oh so tired and still have to pick my mom up from the airport.
An over saturation of vampires, superheros, and zombies at AFM. Seriously can we be more creative than that?
hey what's up! We're pumped for tomorrow!
Don't let his idiocy mess with you. Relax, he just doesn't know any better.
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it. Snow, C. P.
I DON'T KNOW HOW I FEEL SO STOP ASKING ME PLEASE!!!!!!!
you'll experience an overwhelming desire to expand and opportunities will show up to do song time May 20 thru Nov
it's really coloquial, but basically means you look nice today.
I just had a major chill, like my head twitched and everything
we're totally building a new website....up later tonight at modelunitednations.org
YOU KNOW I CAN'T SEE THAT!
I'm trying to figure out how to take someone's entire address book from their iPhone and put it into to an Excel sheet. Tips?
Can't sleep again :(
Of my last 53 comic purchases, 28 were , 16 were , 6 were , and 3 were Other. Huh. - DvL
Greek Coalition Talks Appear Near Collapse State television in Greece reported that talks to form a government would resume Monday, indic
(c) nerve to sit there and be like 'omg all these ppl sound SO bad.' Lol bitch please. Stfu.
I am a whore. Well, at least according to the wife of my friend I am sleeping with. Except that we really are just friends. Great night.
Everybody But Me :(
Although strangely, the best prose did not = applause lines. Crowd responded to the slightly more aggressive stuff, seemed so on TV.
Follow and like Georgetown 1634 Society on Facebook to automatically be entered in a drawing to win a brick at the Alumni House
Happy July 4th, everyone!
The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well. -Joe Ancis
***HUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGSSSS***** Hon understood although remember the down parts are not repeat NOT your fault.
RT : Change of plans. For 12 hours only, I am giving "nice" points for debauchery. A walk of shame gets you an IPad.
Over 60miles in 2 days. Preparations for my ride of doom (copyright ) are going well
I love the feel of moist cookie dough and kneading it slowly in my hands into any shape that I want. Then I take a big bite and tongue it.
It's too bad when we have to turn away potential clients, with little budget. However, you get what you pay for and good design isn't cheap.
So in love with Bledsoe, was when he was at UK and still am LOL!
Headshot Tip: Maintain the integrity of your actual skintone (there's a difference between under lit, over lit, and well lit)!
Coca-Cola's 'Super Pure'Dasani bottled water is just filtered tap water.
Thanks for the follow! May I submit a play? Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
what's up:)
Some light snow accumulations for the #RVA metro Saturday night are possible. Details coming soon!
Oh I know. But in both senses he's still wrong.
Luke's Lobster is heaven.
I Miss Uu lil Bro Guess Uu Gotta Show The Ssht Threw Internet Networking Smh
A visit to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
i heard that people are coping you? dont worry! everybody knows your the original mahonecrewl!:D -Sophie
Thanks for the rapid feedback folks; all images should be working properly now. At least my fingers are crossed.
Today is going to be a great day😊
Great, I will talk to you then. Good luck on your finals!
Work goin coo! 2 down 6 more to go
If life is a roller coaster with Ups&downs , wouldn't that just mean you get to the top just to fall down again?
back when they had Tim hardaway crossing everybody
Brew Crew vs the Cubs @ noon Saturday. Anyone want to go? I Plan to start tailgating early and often with
": Honestly im done trying....i cant do this anymore!"
Let me guess... Fundamentalism is responding to the culture correctly?
So far so good!
RT : Don't miss the Miele S7 #CatAndDog in latest issue of Nothing escapes a Miele vac, except Pure Air
The celebrity b ball game on TUPAC birthday on venice beach come out!
very true, just have to think that Plank had a huge hand in any renovations. ps hope your puppy cuddling biz comes together soon
Why didn't Titus young just keep running?
luckily no performance is required on my part besides showing up and not looking sloppy, but apparently that is too hard for me
It IS a racial issue!!
To all #packernation: are you #beltworthy?
Leadership retreat all day.
Kid down the hall lost their Internet connection. AC just started blowing full blast. Guy in the hall talking fencing on mobile.
Why did I say what I did?
hahaha yeah i aint ever been to a Reggae club since I've been here..that might have to be the weekend move
Yes. As fantastic as they come.
growin a beard and shavin my head
Denver Co, how about yourself?
Hotel in Hollywood lost Inet last night. Broke out my new Verizon 4G Mifi and got my work done.
Psps are awesome!!
same to you :) checked out the URL; sorry about the loss! i'm glad that you learned how to love growing up with him--and
#Palomar college budget guru Joe Newmyer: "Nxt yr is gng to be tough even if the rev stays the same & if theres a cut its gng to be tougher"
that will protect Lee's arm & give Jake possibly 2 innings to close it out.
Me && are getting ready for the show tonight at #ReserveLounge COME OUT!!
Thanks so much for sending me the link!! We had a terrific time. Yep, we'll totally be in touch. Take care, and talk soon.
Bought 3yr old a placemat w/ all US Presidents on it. He is fascinated. Have sung the Presidents song 50x today.
Haha, now why would you think that? (:
Who wants free breakfest? Nominate your company by tweeting and use the hashtag #AdminProfWeek by 4/16. First 5 will win.
After watching interview #Rahm I now know that he is an amateur. What happened to professional journalism?
To be honest .. and are my two favorite people the the world.. <3 I love you both :D
This Dallas weather is bipolar right now!!
- PRINCESS ELIZABETH'S SPY was fun, have a hold on the first in the series.
best day of my life. The finest guy in school just gave me a twitter shoutout. Lol score.
Today's the last day to use your NCAA championship picks to register to win a $100 gift card!
Agree 100%. Wrote an earlier Tweet after reading. Well done.
What do you think of Facebook Timeline?
Urban Impact fundraiser at UPC tonight! Stuck in traffic though getting into u district
I legit it don't get the sandcastle car Old Spice commercial
New Years Eve and headed to how exciting! 😁
Relax bro
Another day at home alone. What a wonderful weekend.....NOT!!!
Pizza pie and Mountain Dew pop.
That's the ticket. :)
You gotta take risk and do things the hard way
Games ended. He might need some consoling.
tru that.. hope ur having a great day! say hi to jordan and adam for me, please!!!
I think so. Accommodates House Of Leaves better than "Electronic Literature." In any case, latter term now narrowly factional.
Planning on making another vlog today. I'll let you know when I'm finished. #Vlogging is
Fascinating piece on #60Minutes about Anti-terrorist spy Hank Crumpton. Of course he has a book out tomorrow.
because I didn't say it? Um duh.
See you THIS SAT at 8pm ;)
u would & im ditching first hour because my friend didnt get the homework and i stayed to help her! so tell me more about jdm
Join & me this Friday, April 20 at 9pm at The Neon Venus Theatre for a great line-up of Stand-up Comedians!!!! Can't wait! :)
By that I mean: do it as an experience, and a gift. Treat it as a whole new kind of process
Michelle, I'm honored that you enjoyed the song on #YR today. Stay in touch!
Can I be Zooey Deschanel for a day? Please?
Capitol's Old Supreme Court Chambers packed for hearing on ASSET bill.
haha iv meet(;
One math paper down, one to go, then making note cards. It's sad that I'm doing this on a Fri night, but it will not get done if I wait
Just saw my boy on Jane By Design lol
Btw, anyone here use blackberry?
Thank You!
So ill call it a night and make the best of what's to come for the next few days. Good-night, sweet-dreams. ☺
he did cigars for heroes from here. I knew him from a travel club
By pitching a story with a bit of controversy, it will be more of a hard news story and will probably play higher in the newscast.
I love autumn because that's when squirrels come out and I love squirrels!!!
finally home in Colorado!
Bout to be home in 6 minutes !
Maybe I should list in my monthly report how much time I spend writing a monthly report.
"Dr Pepper is the best thing that ever happened to me!" -- you just earned that hundred grand, honey.
God has been changing my heart lately. I've been gettin filled!!!
9! 9 dog purses! Do they poop in those things?
All 3 in one night!!! WOOT!!
What are you doing for Brother Russia? Is the show good? Oh, and congrats on the Helen Hayes nominations, btw.
I'm in such a bad mood.
more sporty professional ..Jeans with blazer
#sacscoc Network is up and down so will tweet while I can.
w/ aging DEF its good to get quality and quantity
it was in East #Oakland... on Foothill close to Seminary...
Lollipop remix one of the greatest songs ever and one of lil wayne last gangster songs
Mutinous lunatics <Belinda Jackson>
#gameonindeed RT : Oh you are so going down in trivia.
oh man I hope he does then!!
Was there ever a time when you were frightened for your life?
I feel bad for tall girls with big feet.
Hey Steve, I didn't have to give the pup back. I am living with my Brother for a while, so I get to see "puppers" every day! :)
dont feel comfortable saying, but i invested almost everything back in my roll to continue working towards/playing nosebleeds
never said he was but the redskins aren't bringing back Heath Shuler either
I had to leave
I miss you too!!! I hope you guys are slaving in the gym so you could be whores in Vegas lmao
At the NATAS NW offices helping to pre sort entries before Saturdays big sorting and shipping party. Nice work this year Chapter.
I try to dedicate every summer to learning in theory but it never really works out.
It's the #PCCOpCo12 home stretch. BIBCO ended at noon, CONSER is being held hostage until 3:30pm talking about #RDA and serials.
follow me at
Its not good to be mean unless that person deserves it RT.
Ive missed making videos.. I think this is the beginning of a media team lol
interesting thought. What brought on this particular thought and tweet? Just curious
tonight must be a full moon. insight is welcome.
Flippin' excited to see at the #HollywoodBowl tonight!
it's the best and the only thing we can do :)
when i'm in the worst mood ever*, mac miller makes it all better. c:
Work Your Strengths, Hire Your Weaknesses
Back at it... Happy New Year everyone. Mastering some singles today. Also building 7 new client websites. Let us help you with your site!
...I'm assuming they were all Metra employees, but wow! I thought a rock concert had ended because so many poured out the shop.
Yes! That would be so cool!
How do you lose a bag on a direct flight? Unbelievable united.
thanks for the post!! Follow & see the progress on latest work, Taj Mahal- to be exhibited in conjunction with ArtDubai 2012!
TWITTER IS SO AWESOME
Why do bands have bass players? To translate for the drummer.
On our way to cali. Its been a long time
cuz I feel like being wreckless!!! Hahaha jkjk. I was at the light
Loiter Squad was funny as Shit!!!
: glad to hear you're enjoying LeCarre too. I dug out my old yellowed much-loved 1983 trilogy: THE QUEST FOR KARLA.
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
Note to anyone reading this: Hook is in fact an absolute turd of a movie, childhood memories be damned!
tell me about it uh um cough cough Haley lol jk
What are your plans this Saturday night? Head down to Hi-Corbett field to watch the UofA play Auburn, game starts at 2 p.m....
5-3 so far with only pending pick being Angels. Still on a tear 19-8 last 27 picks!
: Toughest challenge? Getting pple to believe things can happen. That's where creative placemakg can play outsize role
When my friends wanna get drunk and high <
dude. He's by a river. Water is known to be reflective. And need I remind you, you play a vampire. A vampire. Think on that.
Hefeweizen for sure. Or maybe a wit. Or a pilsner...hell, I like 'em all.
#cartoon Your Questions About Cartoon Angel Wings Tattoo
Shits getting intense.
I still find it shocking that Whitney has passed away. No matter how much trouble she has gone through.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
Listening to old people argue about why George Washington had slaves.
Im high so i tell it lik that =).
Going with 541510, Computer systems design and related services.
Man UFC fighters are #real in the streets. Watch your back.
Fucking amazing! Better than Twilight! Must see!
Well its better now lol :p I'm probly not better then you.. If you just stay on a board for like 2 days you'll get a lot better.
"Luke, I am your test scorer." "No. It's not true. It'll never be true!"
photography was boring
Things are usually easier said than done. You can say what you say, but you need to do what you do, and do it as best as you can.
The Yeast Also Rises. #booksyoucaneat Sorry everyone.
GOOD LUCK to my favorite running team tomorrow morning. Hansons Thanks for reppin' the D so well!
starting to get back into the swing of things.. took a well deserved break from reality and now I've got my priorities straightened out :)
lol. do you know what pho is?
"Nothing make a Man feel better than a Wo-man..." Method Man feat Mary J Blige "Ur All I Need To Get By"
you're ridiculous in a good way though!
Where do I get my hands on that kickass poster for Crowdopolis. That is pretty sweet!
WV native Charlie McCoy earned $49 for his first recording in 1961.Roy Oribison's hired Charlie to play on the song "Candy Man".
agree RT : Nah, Matrix is dumb, Neuromancer is smart
your kids may also like the Dunvegan Castle on Skye where you can take boat ride to see seals
great presentation on social media student strategy, love advocates of all the power that being social brings!
Hey ip twitters, I have $20 in prof dev monies to spend on apps for class/research. What do you recommend?
actually managed to have a real lunch date today! and I dined al fresco in Bryant Park. No ice skating yet...
Thanks ;) Im kinda feelin yours too
listening to Nervo having flashbacks to WIW #realness. where's my time machine? let's do it again!
I just wanna stay turned up and be successful at the same time.
How was it?
Go and follow
I know this girl who just gave up prostitution.
I've made connections for class projects through social networks like Classroom 2.0
Come out to the first meeting of the year and see what we have planned. Tomorrow at 5pm in Admin 304. See you there!! RT!!!
There's no way to stand outside the gym & have a serious conversation w/o looking like a creeper when the ladies walk by. btw: I'm a creeper
haha thanks brother. End of 2013. Believe it!
How does have 1 tweet and 4 million followers??? I have 1.5k tweets and i'm still stuck in double digits! Bitch!!
Looked so great! Yay! RT : Just caught on at the cheers guys. Jer even patted Conan on the shoulder
Budget redecorating is always a nice unintended plus.
thanks! Nothing like waking up in the morning and loving what you do!
We have. It’s called “drinking water”.
Couple month ago me and cristopher atkins visit boulder junction, wi. It was differences and disputes..
love it RT : first time in the library this semester and what am i working on? oh just the million page axo awards book.
I have to get tickets for one of their concerts on their summer tour if I dont I am going to die. No joke.
i am good. the shine shining down on me!!
S/O to all the Boosue Band wagoners!!!! Support a real ni**a. Ot when they winnintg!!!! Loco wshere you at!!!!
Great playoffs weekend I wanna see another bad defensive team get knocked out next week. Not calling any names but
Sitting with my best friend on the bed. Turkey burgers in our stomach :)
Come see DJ Beach at Chi Cha tonight
My phone is dry now :)
Swear I Sleep Better During The Day , Then At Night !
I hate people!!
When people ask me if I have highlights..
Take your time and breathe,
Man, I gotta be the most awkward person in the world when walking by people I used to know. Never know what to say.
pretty upset about this weather homie. Hoping to get my tan on today!
lol you crack me up maayne
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Access Sports wishes Sox great #TimWakefield a happy retirement. He's one of most charitable players to ever play baseball.
sounds good! just direct message it so doesn't get lost in the list :)
Make sure you visualize what you really want, not what someone else wants for you. -Jerry Gillies
": Is it weird that I still want a treehouse just as bad or even more so than I did when I was 8?"I want it more now …
Thanks for the follow, Greg Amusing definition of 'horror novelist'.
I always wanted to be friends with the person I fell in love with
I love to love
Do you regard Legal Aid as important four our community? Weigh in this morning.
#2011icf ...looking forward to meeting you all! Just hit the Exhibitor Hall and am hoping the raffle fairy treats me well!
Themes for tonights quiz: Nostaligic music, Things that start with "j", Things that are frothy, and more. See you at 8pm. Cuse at 7pm!!
i need to get back to twitter land, forgot how to use all of this
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my fellow recessionista!! :)
- I love that Robbie Willims track but I loved his "Let Love Be Your Energy" track better.
I'm interested to know if she's ever wanted to inject people with it. Lol
; Robert Hass can write you a lovely lament from a place of empathy.
caught that one also!
A film does not need dark undertones to make it great. This is especially true of comic book films. A film just must be true to what it is.
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin♡♡♡♡♡♡ 102
Happy bday to Milwaukee's original Ron Burgandy, ! You stay classy, Planet Milwaukee.
morning sweetie .
This girl is freaking me out so fucking bad.
I miss my seniors ):
Goodnight Farmers, come by tomorrow & say hello to your fellow Farm friends..& as a reminder, Grand Reserve Headband is BACK! Check it out..
have fun! From the looks of your ppt, you're bringing a great session at
Second book is out!
New Hampshire seems pretty adept at keeping Santorum from getting all over it's Caucus...
Thanks to Amit Garg for a really useful meeting yesterday all about e-Learning and online simulations
At White Castle for 1st time. Our visiting friend from HS had never been & wanted to eat here. Alaska, you did some things right.
RT : Find a mentor and be a mentor. Remember, people throughout the organization can be mentors for different things. Ask for...
zat a loofa in your towel or are you etc.?
Well my company motto is "IT TAKES TEAMWORK TO MAKE A DREAM WORK"
Seems like your always lying!!!!
Have you ever seen Kiss Kiss Bang Bang? That's definitely worth it.
Yep, your being offended is probably the point. What's so offensive 'bout peace love & understanding? to paraphrase the sage
Thanks for the RT!
I'm glad Kansas made it interesting at the end...Kentucky is too good...as much as I didn't want them to win..there is a lot to like abt ken
"All good books have one thing in common - they are truer than if they had really happened."
I only slept for an hour last night. Why can't I fall asleep?
Tried grillin chicken 2nite. It didnt turn out well. The fire wouldnt stay lit. Oh well.
Libertarianism is Fiscal Conservatism.
I would be in fake Italy heaven. How is the PIZZA at the Italy Pavilion?!
I want a Drake poster. Like, seriously.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
That's so weird to see my name with that occupation haha it's all sinking in!
DD just kissed her library books goodbye and told them she'll miss them b4 putting them in the drop box. So dramatic!
Can we crowd source tat designs and then twitter poll for a final? Let's make a kick starter project to fund it! I'll help.
hey people i am about to hook up a networking party hit me up to get on my mailing list NYC event
Finished making a grinch costume for my nephew.This is the first and last time I will ever make something with faux fur. What a mess.
Obama signed TARP into law in 2008 before he got elected. Bush just nodded in approval like Paulson did. O_o
Hoes gone be hoes but I couldn't blame tammy
I'm so used to dealing with kids all today, i almost didn't remember that grown people act worse.
Rumor has it.
she's incredible. A passionate visionary.
My friend winter. Don't be stingy with snow.
awesome sounds great
Ppl Need To Stop Playin And Come Take Down My Hair Nbs
shout out to all yall
love it. Blocking off calendar now.
I've been using IE8 on the Windows 7 Beta for a while and I think you will be safe to download and install it now.
What are you having for breakfast?!
RT 8 months ago a Dr was tellin me I'd prolly never hoop again cuz my hip... I jus played a whole 30 game season...
's "On My Way To Harlem" is Pick of the Week! Connect to Starbucks' Digital Network to enjoy jazz with your java!
Reggie and the full effect?
Breaking Point on the CW looks good.
Yeah I guess it was 50 eggs. I had to think about it for a while but you're correct (I think) 50. Great scene, great movie
love the rhino getting some run. Underrated presence on the court. Keep up good work
The forests around Cloudcroft have been thinned, piles of slash-cut logs and branches and brush gathered, and now the piles will be burned.
Hi Jimmy! One Love from across the pond :-)
Sending my thoughts and prayers to the families of victims in the Russian plane crash. #NHL #KHL So sad
Thor Hansen has taken the first round of chemo very well. He will start a new round already in a week. Makes me happy! :)
Chesapeake Regional Medical Center Integrates Advanced UV Germicidal Technology as Part of CDC / Duke Grant to ...
B'ldy Cow! Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research? Liverpool
How did the drive up to Glenwood go ? Was your altitude sickness okay?
cool - hope you will love it here!
i stopped trying to make it simply because my mom's is much better and i can just drive up to get some. :)
Thank you Gary for all of your support, It is a testament to true love
Ugly! Negative
We talked about Forest of Hands and Teeth today - but it looks like you had a lot more fun!
Can someone do me a shoutout por favor ? #SWAG ps : I follow back !
thanks nicole and library/archive compatriots. i'll be sure to share what i'm allowed!
But I'm curious about the Jays... I think that even if we lose the Beavers now, we can't be without baseball for too long.
my teacher asked me if i wake and baked this morning because my face looked chill. tf why would i tell you if i was high ?
He kept his promise >.<
Just saw my sister's Fb status. What did you do to get in her good graces? ;)
Some chick jumped into the bullpen today trying to kiss Papelbon.
Definitely! Glucose is the brain's fuel! :-)
oh awesome...thanks!
#JBboyfriend2! But you look so cute in both!
haha trust, I would if I could! Already have an appt with my bed when I get off, then weekend madness!
Facebook would be the third largest country in the world. What???! Crazy.
Few things are more sublimely perfect than chocolate almond custard from
killin online poker.. anyone wanna chill tonight in las vegas lol
stop tweeting and go eat some koshary.
I have fruit snacks again!
Memories of days gone by. Mom sitting on our E.Harlem stoop @ 505 E. a hun 18. Memories of my beautiful Mother, Margaret... rest in peace.
I'm about to in an hour!! Come meet me! I live there :)
Even though I dont have school tomorrow... I have a track meet.
hey I have to go to.school, I will tweet u when I get a chance bye! love ya <333.*mwah*
Just came in from playin soccer with my bro. :D
Fed up with your pet's food being recalled? www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
that explains all my questions about both shows and furthers my opinion that you will have a hunger games themed wedding one day
Hey Austin is your ustream on 6 eastern ? JW Plz tweet me back
And I am tired but certainly excited for festival tomorrow at Pimlico!!
Off to the gym I go...
5.5 years, $40, and a little help from my buddy Ian Price later and I finally have a functioning turntable.
you know blissxxx
Have you ever woken up and immediately realized that you were supposed to do something before u fell asleep.
Is the place to be in Greensboro, NC!
No committee? RT Trendsetter MT : Just implemented on demand staple removal program...
4 more days. =D
Let's give a huge round of applause for The Fray for making some of the best music ever :)
I'm such a softie, I don't think I could cope with that movie :)
thanks for checking out so much of my music man!!!!!
LIB 411: Just heard on WNYC. NYPL leader going to city to talk about 100M cuts.
Yo Lets Tango
You do know that being anti gay marriage is the same thing as thinking black people shouldn't vote, right? You dumb fucking cunts.
