How are you following me if you have not been on since Jun 25th?
SO ready for Rolds class.
aw ok lol
thanks for the RT on the home tour! we like doing the event (if the weather is nice, fingers crossed!)
1st: shut up; 2nd: Her name is Dutch, and also Marklan.
Thanks for the mention. Glad you dig the Ancient Art Podcast.
One day, when agrees to pay for my surgery (aka buy super glue).
Relaxing Sunday evening!
Im editing videos
: anyone know what kind of watches were given to the boys of '62?
I gorged on google earth last night. #embraceyourinnergeek ()
Great article! The differences between leadership and authority are definitely growing wider in today's world.
I've never known you to be emotional and pissy! (unless copy insn't in by 2pm on Friday) hahahaha
watched Ides of March last night - beginning was good then turned into a bit of a BS story down the stretch...
Had an amazing time at #ALLA2012 Cannot wait to do it again next year!
Wake up spider! Time to die.
17 , NO kid(s) , & about to graduate . Thank God 
are representing at #HIMSS this week--can't wait to hear about it!
Hey Miranda, thanks for the RT. Amazing how the little brown thing is such a huge icon, eh?
yea ill be down the werk after next
Want to SWIM ;)
Storage is cheap, but the more you keep, the more you have to go through to find what's "important." It's a trade off I guess.
Aaron Williams speaking now
good going chicka , only 4 more parts to go! Maybe do lunch or coffee before ur first pool training session. lemme know
of course the only way to remove it is painful: listen to it. It's a pattern stuck in your brain that requires a reset
what good is that? let's pity someone who doesn't deserve it. like Mitt Romney. what a prick. don't you feel sorry for him?
We catch up with UT hoop legend Travis Mays in a few minutes on the #Fox 7 Sports Edge.
follow me?<34
What position do the Ravens need to focus on in the offseason?
I don't think so, if a new reader walks into a shop he doesnt have to ask why is Nick Fury white? The less barriers the better
#actorsloungelive jackie brown
I know what I want to accomplish and I know how to get there. The ultimate goal is to be the best. Whether that’s the best ever who knows?
I feel like I cheated a winter haha
Congratulations!! we R such Aug Natl. fans, my parents modeled their house after the clubhouse & 1st grandkid named: Augusta!
Ok now...keep-up the intensity....
- in this case, there's a lot to talk about. Don't you think?
Choir rehearsal today after scholar... fml
Its just an all-star game people... When its done Lebron will still be da best in the league & Kobe will be # two to Jordan lol.
Social media guides partners/shareholders to be industry leaders & encourages them to participate in industry groups/discussions.
Bummer to the + strep test, but glad for Metro Immediate Care at 220 L NE & Harris Teeter's antibiotics deal (ie free).
Nice Blunt
is it fun living up there
i dont know man, i think hell hurts worse.
BONESAW IS READY
june I swear to god I will kidnap you if you dont go it with Michale Fucking Graves!!
miss u!
thoughtful and provoking...
Hahaha just watched the funniest video
Mrnin eorld its sunday give the glory to God for brongong you thru enhoy the day n be blessed
all of em you got some nice compositions
I'll believe it when Favre dies RT *puts away #FavreHorn* RT : Report: Bears not interested in luring Favre to Chicago
Food Diet To Lose Weight And Gain Muscle | Lose Pregnancy Weight
I was quoting mike g.. Soz
Yes, that link worked.
here's an up and coming for ya.. Roy Nelson
Ah. I worked out to much today.
Happy Monday everyone! Come in tonight and enjoy amazing Korean BBQ while watching Monday Night Football on our big screen TVs!
Rolling papers are so much better than reciepts...
Theres only 1 thing 2 say, those 3 words, thats what i'll do....i love...i love you! :)
Wow, I would definitely support this ALL the way!
Good Morning! We look forward to connecting with you and your community. We offer Prescription Assistance.
I'm so bad at life
thank you. i needed that.
Thanks clients! March was a Record Month! We love to make your cards and other marketing products while saving ur bucks!
Wellesley Recreation to host antique appraisal
Check out the Cybertour: Six Sigma & Electronic Resource Management at 10:30 this morning.
Going out shopping for my mom. I Love her too much.
Settings---->Protect Tweets. Not hard aha
when is the next time your comming to chicago...!?!?
Jarrett lee totally invalidates the theory that you improve while watching from the bench
The return of the Boxty: Thin Potato Griddlecake Stuffed w Zesty Turkey Sausage, Aged Cheddar, Arugula, Fried Eggs, Chive Caper Cream Sauce.
LOL how my mom says she has "game" . No you dont !
i have nothing to regret
you're the only one!
So my hubby , found the right car for me :)
Cute profile pic(:
ah, ok. Well thankfully it's not your personal vehicle, that would really suck.
"Get motivated." ~ James Scott Bell
Cuddling with my babygirl watching baby looney tunes...
Next week is the last week of our first sessions of ADAPT X and Women-only 5am. How's everyone holding up? We'd love to hear from you?
Had oyster for the first thanks to the #MATC culinary students.
Its more where that came from
#NoGrownAssMan should be supporting a hoe if his mother struggling.
u still up
Wait but don't make me work today :(
Kaka and Marcelo: Brazilian super subs
via : Tickets for match against Sounders FC on 6/30 go on sale today at 10am. Last year's match sold out, don't wait.
Prophetic Presbytery is a vital tool, function needed in the local church!
Watched and two of the stars of our movie were on it tonight, and Ravi Kapoor!!
": WOW it's crazy right now !!! March madness is the best" I'm loving it too. Leaving for drupalcon tomorrow.
I've seen the dirty books one, which is very cool and already in the essay I'm working on. Very cool stuff, isn't it?
The rain has cleared 4 now. Taking some time to enjoy paradise and give thanks for all those who have and continue to serve-TYG!
is single , b/c why have one girl when he can have thousands of us loving him for who he really is <3
ill be by your side ill always find a way i love you to much to leave ya
#health #tip: for every 1 lb you lose, there are 4 lbs of pressure taken off your knees.
CAREFREE WHEREVER YOU MAY BE
just want to know details, what exactly he was charged with, and what he pled guilty too. Really curious to the age of the..
Sold out when I went. Ended up with a Candice Cameron doll. Ugh!! RT I slept with him Ok.. It was a Kirk Cameron doll but...
I'm sorry. <33
But I was (possibly the only person) excited about an Irving/Davis backcourt for stretches!!
Hated him, but Steve Young. Not even close...
i love listenin to my 7yr old sing to me :)
RT : We can let circumstances rule us - or we can take charge and rule our lives from within ~ Earl Nightingale
lol:bet they dont try 2 ride bikes on STs barely wide enough 4 2 cars & then demand 3' to pass. also, euro bikers R not jerks.
Wisking egg whites to stiff peaks by hand = P90X for your forearms...Torta Di Noci
I think the inside of my nose smells bad
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
Club Sirius tonight ill be live in the video mix till 2am lets do the damn thing!
Ah thank ya!
Thank you! I just sent you another email. Sorry we won't get to meet but let's try to chat later next week. Shelley
guess its back to that ole shyt then huh?!?!?! henor henor (sinister laugh) lol
Fight for wat you want!!!!
The not-so-intelligent design of my hairy bunghole astounds me.
i can be your hero
": dash the blackberry after dem ahaha" innit though kmt
Its carnival time and everybody's havin' fun! Al johnson
on a fixie and one hand on the bars, so the bottles are in the other hand
Late for the Sky is one of the finest songs ever written.
just got off the road...bout to work on some music man..
aha well atleasy they were your friends!
": Smiling is contagious. " :D
No, you're hilarious. ;)
Did you see no show the main event when Rumble missed weight? Didn't think so.
Both grandma's gone now!
lol i understand
Companies should be the best possible place to practice fulfillment, to live out values and to realize deep connectivity and purpose.
When you talk to Cutler, let him know I thought he was great as the Lorax.
I am! Thanks for the link.
Oh No say it isn't so for Lloyd Christmas.
Music always sounds better when ur upset.
": Back in Germany #home" Please come see us again next time in Milwaukee. Great having you!
Check out Googles animated Mothers Day Logo!
Well, that sucked. Happy haters?
And then there's the karaoke.
thing is, there are entrenched interests that want to keep govt interface difficult to preserve their bus. model. (Turbotax)
Video from babar My Phone
I picked up a copy of PowerCLI Reference over the weekend myself. Can't wait to start scripting!
WAH WAH WAH EVERYTHING IS GRAY AND SUCKS EXCEPT
Wonderful progress made with putting on the Social Map today. Productivity is awesome.
Did you get some camera practice in today? Find a busy bug or insect & make a pretty picture. Use it's good side! Tomorrow: hand jive
there aint shit on tv but negativity
Today has been the slowest day it's almost like someone keeps sneaking in and turning back the clocks
Tis the Season to be jolly ;)
Save time, save money! We come to you to handle all your vehicle needs, from oil changes to tune-ups.
which Elon college (location) would like to follow
Way to go, world peace.
I have taken so many pictures! I hope my grandma gets me a new one lol :P I want a camera upgrade lol :P
any. i will come to you and we can figure it out? sound good?
Interception! Go #Huskies!!!
saturday we wont be able to have our bonding time only during my break and i doubt that will happen
Hope the cover jinx works!
RT: : Romney: "I'm not worried about poor people. They have Groupons."
Finished rewriting chapter 6. Now, it's back to the script! It's a wonder what you can accomplish once you turn off the TV.
Shit just got real!!
Ya. Having a plan is obviously for pussies.
FOLLOW ONE MORE PERSON
miss you, dolls!!!! we need Sunday night Whitney, starfish, and fireworks. love you all!!
#myweddingsong- Stand by Me by Ben E. King, very old but so good
RT if you love the ICONic Boyz
IN THE BOOTH. TAKE ONE
Love the slide guitar on Lunatic Fringe!
was just thinking the same thing about my mom, ur babí
OMG YOU ARE SO LUCKY!!!! :) CONGRATS <3
1month from now, I'll be able to go on fb(:
Lewis Hyde writes a lot about commons in cultural context.
I feel like I never have time for anything anymore I'm either doing something for school or at work :(
Must abbreviate my words more on twitter..my uber social app won't work! (?!?)...
That sounds way too adorable...! RT Hope there is a puppy pit (like a ball pit but with puppies)
Now I am excited to visit Hoboken, NJ this summer!
I Want it That Way RT : Tipdrill RT : What's your favorite Michael Jackson song?
Tonight. Reggae. Social Lounge.
Millennials are the future. Gen-X is now. Boomers largest but will start to decline
Heading 2 the Peridontist 4 Cory 2 have minor oral surg (gum grafts), still, a Mother doesn't like her kids 2 hurt ~ not even 1 little bit!
Would like to go to a shooting range! :)
dear christ...
nope nothing at all <3
Coughing up a lung! Ugh!
No more junk food
I need a Talent Agent !
Let's hope its sooner than later. :o)
Depeche Mode's "Fly On the Windscreen" sounds so good on the radio!
That's nasty, hopefully Napoli doesn't leave the game....
hey hey
In Chicago we celebrated Sweetest Day in October, it's supposed to be for guys.
hell yea
tune in, turn on, drop out
Such a great crowd so far at THATCamp Texas 2012 @ utalibrary
I love that! Have a wonderful day.
I am starting to wonder about Bettman. I heard the NHL All Star game for 2013 is Columbus. Glendale was also on the list.
Just wondering. When did the word THE get dropped from the word PROM?
O wow, much needed break
RS1 authored Maroon Prime, a ONE man piece, re the rise of Jean Jacques Dessalines, hero of Haitian independance.
I have to run. It was great chatting with everybody tonight.
6 Cast members join Josh. Great insight. They've been working together as a cast for a few years now
Lee Ranaldo in-store at today at 6 PM. Free, of course :-)
u gon do olympics one day?
but its kind of creepy how he knows my name and I'm glad he's ok
that doesnt really help me out
Can't wait! Looking forward to pouring 08 CF tonight with food pairing
where do you get this stuff? Hilarious!
WCCOBreaking: A tornado has been spotted near Highway 100 and Interstate 694 on the northwestern side of the Twin cities. Hope u ok
Charlie Laavalle thanks Stan Thompson of The Heinz Endowments & Kevin Jenkins of The Pittsburgh Foundation for their support of the
Again LA...he wasn't the MVP. You sound stupid.
look at you gettin out on a thursday. 2 weeks in a row.
Turned out to be a decent weekend!:) and not working as much through the week!:)
Hate to get flogged out !
[Matthew4:23;9:35+Psalm103:3] Lord Christ went about teaching & preaching the gospel of the kingdom & also healing every sickness & disease.
biking helps me fight depression. I try to do at least 10-15 miles a day...but tonight I drink @ a greek wedding!
Where can we find out about Listen?
Week in Style Hello, 2012! Glam Fairy and Wicked Fit stars shared their resolutions with us. Ooh, and there was one big announcement,too
Did Esperanza do Portland proud or what?
Stay tuned there just may be a #FatTuesday suprise special at 5pm today at
I just danced my face off. I may be unrecognizable for some time.
Hi we met at CMO Summit in Dallas. Would <3 to talk some more about peoplebrowser I may be interested in using it at BSG
No now!
I hate it when I fall asleep during a good show, now it doesn't make sense!!
are you gonna give him some extra motivation? ;)
I'm making this trip bearable by listening to One Direction.
2100 is still stnd Press Size and they still think it's "HighRes". I'm still inclined to 3000+. Maybe compromise at 2500+
Local woman let her 7 year old boy with her in the toilet, he got down on his knees and started checking out girls from under the doors :S
Direct from : I love you Hun
Colds suck ass.
Why does it that & R always drunk on the 4th hour of the seriously people they are always drinking !*)
so looking forward to hosting you in Miami next Tuesday! members are ready to Release their Brilliance!
Justin is coming up!! :D
Here's to old dogs and long tales.
no problem Reid!
she's awesome.
Aloha & good luck to No. 6 as they compete this week in the Spring Fling Tournament in Honolulu, HI!
SUCH A HARD DECISION!!!!!!! ah
bahaa- quit that silly girl!! ;) #havefun &
UK fans make their half court shots. And the only get one try
You are my constituent, and please oppose SOPA and PIPA
in the "NBA" playoffs. Who is your team?
Sorry, I don't have any info on Rob Hart.
20-zip Brewers over Pirates........... YIKES what a whoopin'
hey everyone, is like freaking amazing. shes > jbeiber & even > crayons . #SMiLE hehe 
Forgive me everyone. I am a reality show junkie and those shows get me going sometimes. lol
Going to Donna's house with Reece to see Jake and Bones tomorrow :)
Every woman deserve a good man, yes this is true... But I think she should experience a ass hole first... #Then she'll know the difference.
I think going to miami is going to be good for his career. I am SO happy for him he deserves all of it. This is what he wants support him.
Hey! He tackled me when I tried getting a picture with you .. No hard feelings. ❤
Shocked is the only word I can think of to describe the news about Junior Seau.
"Your lemon squares taste like ass!"
awe my bff 2 damn gorgeous
If I'm allowed to pick I always choose a window seat that doesn't have a wing-view for perfect picture opportunities. BEST!
I feel like goin to sleep for a really long time
Gm tweeps $alute ! Dreams don't work unless you do!
Nope, it was time to spread the wealth and send our marketing coordinator this year.
Do you have any fitness goals for 2012? If so, i'd love to help you stay on track. Let me know how I can help YOU reach your goals:)
The Falcons could have told them this for free. “: Arkansas finds Petrino was misleading, manipulative and deceptive”
Im bout to show u some new shit girl...yeah
Wait for it....“ Paul folks obligated to vote for Romney on 1st Tampa ballot, but... #nvgop”
I still feel on the fence....like maybe some people like it? No?
I'm so upset. I'm not angry or pissed, I'm just completely sad..
so glad you enjoyed Take the Monkeys and Run! I can't hear that enough :-) -- Karen
ha.. ive never experienced that feeling.. nothing ever renders perfectly in ie7!
You're on dude.
I was playing xbox with my lil bro and when he won said " oh hell yeah!! Now kiss my ass Karina" #lmfao made my day
You ever feel like a #forceofnature cause I do.
aw thanks bailey :)
dammit. I got nothing.
I think it would be awesome if you had a special with someone notable from Philadelphia about the Philly fans,tasers puking etc
Celebrating a birthday or any occasion? We would love to host it! DM us & book your table/party today for
made it (and two hours earlier than expected no less).
train for a marathon and then get back to me. training for a half has been hell.
I'm almost done recording that song I'm writing, the one I showed you. It's hella chill
on my couch...where you at
Is something wrong with drinking
has the EVER been a better Backup QB performance in the NFL? 6 TDs?
hey girl!!! Long time no talk! How are you???
Like those gamer babe distractions
Okay, Louisville, you can shut the fuck up now.
You always look so gorgeous! and your daughters are all so freaking cute! xo
Boy breaks up with u, u plead him to take u back, when he does, u break up with him...
Sure thing! You guys make understanding #credit easy-breezy.
Keep your hopes up high and you heads down low
i hate when i'm nervous & can hear it in my own voice. this has gotten MUCH better over time though
baby we can go nowehere but up <3
haha yeah, im trying to get my twitter game up to par
Sanford pushing for trout farming
#FindDoug you are so close!!! But I can't leave work! Uugghh!!!!
wow..chacho's. Hope you enjoyed!!
#firespaz Who loves taking a knee to end the half more than Frank Spaziani?
Awwe thanks.. yikes...this might need some work.
The ObamaCare mandate penalty is an indirect "capitation" tax on a person's right to exist and must be apportioned - it will be challenged!
“: Any copywriters looking for a tiny paying freelance one-off that could lead to more? Easy money.” cc
I shouldn't have been lazy and not wasted my invite to the gala at the met tonight. :( dam
i tired,but i came back,so....idk what to do,i might as wall go back to my 'you know what'!! :( remember my secret,the thing...
Never Let Ur Past Failures Stop Ur Future Success...
Cheers to taking a random free shot with sketchy bartender on your way back from the gym. #carpediem #didthatjusthappen?
ufc 100 lives up to the hype! hendo gets gold star for the flying sledgehammer
She's beautiful. Mine is 15 this year, so he's been around since I was 13. His age is definitely showing.
Roc Me Out!
I hate how long it takes to burn a cd -__-
Three Apps That Will Reveal The Identity Of Unknown SMS Texts
ultimate gamer.
where are you at?
well at least the ancient aliens Fridays tradition is being carried on
I been good how bout u
I'm gonna see him today :)
enjoyed your #flipclass prez! Looking forward to trying it
I'm married to success, fuck failure that bitch is my ex.
daylight savings. bleh. :P
#rakansystems is at the #xam11 event all week! Enjoying the cloud computing boot camp tonight!
Tomorrow should be interesting.
You niggas Betta find some manners
One celebrates the pagan god of fertility and the other is a coincidental man made day to give appreciation to the resurrection of Jesus.
Glad u liked it!
And I want to shout at someone to get out of their own way & shake them!!!!! 😒
What is your favorite summer meal?
I believe I heard they are sending something. Let me double check. Thank you!
Some of my best students are undocumented, they continually out perform "citizens"...
I've been without my phone ALL DAY!! Don't judge.
I dig anyone who plays with the name of an old metal band, esp one that appeared in Pee Wee's Big Adventure. Hats off 2 u!
BFF <3 I Love You
Baby, anyone can get a push up swimsuit to make their boobs look bigger. It's not that difficult.
Top of the Morning to you, sir.
...i've definitely missed something. Good morning, to you both.
Happening now: Movement for non-performers workshop with members! Rock 'n' ... Roll?
I agree RT : Can someone please explain to me how the Alabama kicker was NOT the offensive mvp?
Somebody wanted #AnotherRound, but tha Kid is #Tired...it was a long day..#Tomorro will be here before you know it...
Sorry if my spamming is bothering you.
Officially gonna be living in the Delt House next year with Rooming with you > Living in a single any day.
The teachers' enthusiasm for their jobs, their children and each other is contagious.
Can I text you? xD I'd be freaking out if I could xD
It would be nice outside .... if someone would turn off the oven.
Imagine if there were such things as candy land I swear huge gummy bears chocolate licorice omg anything I wuld be going there 2 a week lol
yeah, I prefer iced tea (un-sweetened, I am sweet enough!). I'm great! How have you been?
ha ha, sad day! I want your job.
Go Lakers! Still mad respect for Nash though!
A car gets 0 mpg when engine is idling; 15 minutes in the drive-thru can burn through a quarter of a gallon!
The moment of enlightenment is when a person's dreams of possibilities become images of probabilities. -Vic Braden
Watching some guys fake boxing. Wowza.
#truthiness in reporting: "studies show" & "research indicates" without proper sourcing
I guess it should be "Illegal Immigrant Says Que?".
finished the hunge games book now gotta move on to catching fire
Jets get called for PI...3rd and 11 for New York
If we can keep our offense off the field, the #Jags just might win this one.
What a beautiful day! :)
The ACUTA office is closed today (MOnday) due to inclement winter weather in the Lexington, KY area.We hope to re-open tomorrow morning.
id love to do this 1 dai ;) have fun!
Do they have to though?
Aw shitttty bummer dude
can't wait to have a little girl so she can be in some juicy onesies!!
I like a long hair thick red-bone, open up her legs and filet mignon that PUSSY
You can do it! We are almost there.
Your writing voice is like porn - you know it when you see it or hear it. - (#FavoriteRandomLines)
Yep that's right! Wasn't so bad either... and the concert last night was really a lot of fun... can't wait for the next ones May 6/7
Don’t overuse hashtags. Overuse can decrease your social capital.
u GUYS ARE GOING TO NORWAY? Thats cool
Running in the rain is very relaxing. Who would've guessed?
Wow! Someone's going to have a good night!
#poe born to be in black and gold but I had a doubt so you dont belong in the Burgh good luck but go
um no! hahah
When I post a message on Facebook it posts on Twitter too. Cool!
Shroomin!!!! RT ": Need some excitement in your life? Do drugs"
#Avengers was Amazing! It felt great to be part of a group that still believes in heroes #AMCMarvel Ultimate Marvel Marathon #Hulk >:(
i dont think they would. Well karina wouldnt but idk bout the others lol. Just go sleep ur gonna be thankful tomorrow
Talk about Loyalty in Cleveland lol. Lou Gehrig played for The Yankees in the 30's and 40's and he is still remembered here
Thanks for following!
Silence, Philly.
My boss said leave at 4 pm and go enjoy the sunshine. I'm clearly not going to argue.
Tim Hibbitts is awesome!
Heading into week 4 of Fall Quarter // Cranking out Issue #4 of my Newspaper Internship.
You didn't say this? MT : & dnt cm to thnk is wrth ther time or the BILLION$ ther sit'n on!
Really excited to be going to London for the conference and then onto Dublin for Sun please!
Sitting in Weimer Hall and I overhear two #PR majors refer to their media kit as "OMG so Cute"
yea nd they're hand sign tho. Asdfghjukliofed. IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THEIR CREW NAME LIKE WAT IS THT SHIT
#HappyMothersDay Mommy! I love you!<3 There are no words to describe everything you have done.You mean the world to me.
29 days need to hurry up!
Glad you enjoy our music Katie :)
Fire is like lava.
You learn to deal with the pain & move on...
Who is going to win Flanders?
Great night downtown in our practice space tonight. Stepped in throw up and poop on the way to the corner store and I broke my glasses. -Z
I think I was just hit on by a lesbian. Cross that off the bucket list.
A super chat tonight with Brandon Barklage on
im drunk on you, and high off summer
abuelita is bomb! Looking at you being all awesome and domestic. I miss you!
loving how the beautiful vivian is really getting the twitter up and running :) i love my officers!
After reading many angry tweets, getting a Mumford & Sons ticket seems like a fiasco...glad I'm not a fan XD
TCHRA spring conference! All HR! All day!
I would get in the batters box against Rick Vaughn before he got his glasses
If you get in the habit of answering phones, all they do is ring
Watching the midnight showing of Hellementary & missed the first part of it, Can you play it some more times. Its a great Movie
My passion is my art
I'm scoring WAs liquor privatization init. 1183 media blitz: Awareness 10, Perception -100 i.e. don't give a s%#+ who sells booze!
Hurst: became museum of the native voice, not an anthropological voice. A native, civic space.
Joyful day of birth RT : the 8th of may.
some of the rhymes me and my buds used to say/sing when we were little have really sad and or scary or creepy back stories
Using Google Docs' scripting capabilities to geocode a spreadsheet of addresses this morning. Neat stuff.
We could too!
Good morning
Read most of your book over the weekend and did a lot of exercises. It's an amazing book. :-) Still working though it...
Thanks for the RT. That sitch really happened. I said it to Mark's nieces. They looked at me and said "No, Aunt Mary, no." Haha!
Apparently I should never EVER read the trending topics on Twitter; I end up being too distraught over poor grammar.
The more embarrassing/outlandish the suggestion, the better! Giving y'all full control over my music on the drive home!
thats good to hear man not to many injuries heal right you know, gotta stay smart and posive
#Obama slow-jammed the news on Jimmy Fallon; Romney pissed b/c now he has to figure out what a "slow-jam" is.
love you dawg
Are you *kidding* me? Right when I start to leave the house, the sky turns into Armageddon.
Check out our kick-ass new Twitter
A person with #socialanxiety disorder is afraid that they will make mistakes, look bad, & be embarrassed or humiliated in front of others.
do worry you still look great
What's the name of your podcast?
that's awesome I'm happy to hear that
i need to buy all of the magazines that justin did those sexy photoshoots for ok
Dream big!
Let's fast forward to wed pls! Hinder and saving abel!!!! hope they are good live, too many of my favs have been disappointing lately!
just found out Revision3 was acquired by Discovery. Sounds awesome for you, I hope it is. Congrats!
really awe im sorry love):
Yes I have a friend who drives, happily. I wish I had a sci-fi persona on the internet.
Basketball world; it is I.....
Chillen with elders
Looking for solid drummer, keyboardist/pianist & bassist with professional equipment. Ability to sing is a plus! Contact me for more info!
told you the world was not ending Maya Painting At Xultun, Guatemala: Glyphs Describe Mayan Calendar But Not End Of World (PHOTOS)...
no you wont !
Last man standing
6,416 m/h fastest unmanned rocket sled ever...damn
can't wait for Saturday then 😏😏😉
questions for Ross Lynch: 1. What do you miss most about not being famous? 2. Would you date a fan? 3. Prom? (jk. Hehe)
Four Graces #wawine tonight. Fabulous meal and service. Thank you.
Mass at SHU then out to dinner with all of the 25 family members that took the trip down! :)
Thankful for every time God gives me a chance to start over again.
I love going to Carnivals in the fall.. <3
Great tour and appreciated the opportunity to learn more about SDPL and meet some of the staff. Busy, buzzing place!
I promise, i'll be the best you will ever get...just please always stand right next to my side.
#bgc8 these bitches is weak and unattractive
How exciting--we've got a house full of Cubs and White Sox fans! The weather should be nice here so we're thinking the beach!
You're 30 years old too damn old to be hyped about Power House
Nobody writing in the 21st Century should begin correspondence with “Dear Sir/Madam” or close with “Yours truly.”
...their cloud storage service is awesome. I agree about the Fire screen, though. Wouldn't stop me over a nook.
Enjoyed the Selene Rendevous this weekend. Thank you to all our Selene customers and Selene Seattle!
#oomf is always texting me some b.s.
Fretboard awareness, bro.
Thinking about Steve Jobs and all the wonderful things he made.
THANK YOU SARAH! Hey if y'all haven't heard this chicks music you should follower her and enjoy yourselves.
No girl. Thank YOU!! I appreciate Beat It Like A Drum, just put on workout playlist!!
goodnight boys!! hope sweden & recording is fun!! :)
Workout #2. Lets get it
Straight guys say big girls have good puzzy
My party train waits for know one. You snooze you left behind. Im out.
": just copped "Crown of Thorns" finally....sorry was sleepin" Dope ass album there!
Need a good rec for dinner resto in DelCerro/Allied Gardens. Something relatively quick, will only have an hour for din-din tonight...Ideas?
Our IT staff is growing. We are seeking SQL DB pros located in the Houston area. If you have any names please pass them on. Thanks.
If you want to feel rich..Count the things you have, that money can't buy..
back on twitter whts been up?
Watching spongebob before bed c;
GET IT LIVE! Explore the Senses. Turn off the TV and head out to a live performance – a play, a music show, zoo/botanical gardens
Behavioral science + crime solving. It was pretty good, just sometimes predictable and/or ridiculous.
": I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life. -Corazon Aquino"
"please allow up to 10 days for our automated spam list to remove you" yeah, because if nothing else, computers are slow.
This snow is making me crazy because I'm not in Vermont!!
wish I could be there to give you a birthday spankin! Or hug. Either one. Haha. XO
Im ready for this Stars Nicki Minaj VS Rick Ross......Aye
i woudnt knoww cuz i never GET TEXTS FROM YOU OR TWEETS. scuyummmaa
RT : It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single girl in possession of an empty stomach must be in want of a bagel.
Tornado warning at school :/
How is everyone?(:
haha I feel your pain...from the phone, not the
Sending good thoughts to you. Let me know if I can help.
This we will focus on Arkansas State University.
Just wanted to say thanks for all of the info and advice u put out! Class act indeed!!
is there any singing advice you can give someone struggling to become a famous singer
Attention to all rappers giving your songs a first an last name..example .Nino Brown..DEAD IT!!!
I wonder why only the ICEF charters were listed for LAUSD... hm
Half my TL saying Boosie free, the other half saying he got like 8 years. Which is it?
I am who I am and no one can change that.
go to bed stop tweeting to Paul pierce and Tim Tebow you fag.
Maybe I missed it, but nothing on the home page of The Capitol Times about Mrs Barrett's faux pas. I guess they aren't even trying anymore.
Shopping for my niece at justice, praying they don't ask me if I want a fitting room
when are we going out??? in town oct 21 weekend.
I just want Katy to tweet me back!!
no go to the dance and have fun for me
u dont get how badass this show is. Ita so awesome
Good Morning to all my lovelies, <3
The suspensions of Saints leadership is fair. Can't intentionally try to injure in any sport at any level. Enjoy a year off, SP.
Paul Pierce!!! for 3!!
“: Good luck in the playoffs! #bringthetitlebacktoTexas” Thanks brother! We're going to try!!
Wrap-up session is right after this session finishes (5:15-5:30pm). #THATCamp Games
I've decided I need to have a career with connections so my children can be blessed like I am not.
don't call me out and expect me to not say anything else. you act all stubborn now. umm yeah I tried to apologize,guess you just don't care.
hahahaa awww, of course :) But in return, may i have a follow from you please? .x
hate it when people delete pictures off my camera!
Travis Pastrana is in NASCAR? Oh.
food truck fluffer?
What do you get when your mom bitches you out, you get punched by a child and ditched for a lunch date? #FridaywithFriends Ross, marry me
don't worry I'm not suspicious of you ;)
Why did God give musical gifts to people? There is something about live instruments that brings power to a atmosphere. Enemy knows that!!!
I hope Jessica Sanchez wins American Idol!
Really humble guy. He spent about 20 minutes talking with us. We're on season 3...Hank just got shot.
When working toward the solution of a problem it always helps you to know the answer...
RT RACHEAL REFER A CUSTOMER WHO TRY US OUT. RECEIVE MATCHING FREE HAIR product.
Yay Android love
O Magazine looking for your 1-min video book reviews! Upload at oprah.com/bookvideo What book would you tape yourself gushing about?
Sending out this tweet for when we are murdered in the middle of nowhere Nebraska, the authorities can find me and my phone.
YES ! Come to Aurora, Illinos again? PLEASE ?
real and permanent hood
Nice! I did plan on seeing it this weekend but other plans got in the way. Open for company if you're free!
Just did an awesome radio interview with Jon Lewis from 6PR, Perth Western Australia!
they have shane and I.. thats all they need
Craming in last minute work
my Rx for today MT Allergies bad? says 30 min. workouts speed release of natural decongestant. Let's go for a run!
If the teacher would rather be somewhere else why shouldn't the kids Be in the moment and they will follow
This week's Epicurean Lite menu is posted. See the menu & place your order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
Yay I'm starting to get at least 20 kills a game
There's only one real Jesus:
Win prizes tonight, 9pm, from , , , at SEX TRIVIA!
The way some guys treat their girls is repulsive.
But I completely TOTALLY understand Elena too.
Need help navigating AZ D system Finding dedicated service providers Pos. Beh. supports Development of BTP? I can help
O very nice RT : Q5 I make a "fancy" mac n cheese using blue cheese. Goes well with beef.
Looking for a good caricature artist who can design some new avatars for our podcast and website. Inquire within.
Not at all and coincidentally, I'm about to do a reading of a new play with a chimpanzee lead character! (I'll be 'reading' chimp)
Just watched the #60minutes interview with Walter Isaacson abt Steve Jobs. Interesting perspective into Job's notoriously private life.
can't talk to any of my exs without someone assuming I'm back with them.
dope to see welcome to h town on the mixtape with don cannon.
*insert every curse word here*
Fun Fact: opened for last time he was in Dallas. Now, is having his own concert in Dallas on October 22nd
Catching up on the DVR w/ Love the cameo in Abby's lab on
trapped working inside... while it is finally a spring sunny day outside...
...encumbersome gentility, while witnessing absurdity by others who would attempt to instill some sort of "fear", choosing to destroyinstead
hahaha you're the coolest. :p haha we should talk moar.... :O
You dont have to be related to rep
Yep, it's all ! We've even got a special discount code you can use for 10% off: CoSpace102011.
What a wonderful day
Goin to Disney next Friday 🐬🌊🌴
Dreams Are Like Stars One Blows Up An Another Gets Brighter.
Happy new year!
...no I think I do. Last time I checked I still live in the same city as you.
no not my birthday...lol
your right!! Big head tries to text me by talking in his phone. the mesg is all screwed up. he called me an avenue once.
Right! Three of my favorite things in one - bacon, beer and donuts!
idk just not in the mood to go
Just saw a computer repair shop at OSU called DOS Boot.
Sitting behind the sun....watching the sunres¿ ~ con ~ kcs™
Them allergy season jumpin.off
I'll keep you posted :-)
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn When dey dont call u all day n' all night two days straight! Dats how i found out my ex was cheatin on me!
I only got 4 out of 9. Can you beat my score?
Unless you change,you will always have what you've got. Call 866.854.5513 NOW for your FREE business assessment.
well that tweet was unexpected...<3
we are off to the beach for a run
off to tucson later this week: will report on my impressions
Done!!!! We will buy u a cold one! Btw this is hollerin! Da drummer got love 4 ya!
of course, i am wearing all black today...wish i had purchased a green sparkle or two from ban.do!
Gotta get up early tomorrow nd its supa late ....but im not tired oohh well...
Back in the office and already missing the excitement of #FTF2011!
I'm such a dumbass
"Don't let yourself get in over your head"
The disrespect can corrode even a relationship of steel.
don't get hassled by large IT/networking companies. contact lithiumnetworks today!
PTL: is here.
Thanks ! Come check it out, would love to have you!
Oh hello spaceship, I will inhabit you for the next 4-5 hours. #toinfiniti #andbeyond is my Buzz Lightyear!
A huge thank you to Suzanne Kinney of CBL who sent us not 1, but 2 vacant listings to be HIT Caretaker Occupied.
I went to my first specialty yarn store over the weekend. I'll be blogging about it later this week but it was a magical experience.
Awesome, thanks! Glad we could help!
resolution Consume more omega-3 fatty acids from fish oils and plant sources.
Taking a break for char-broiled Brussels sprouts, quinoa, & salmon for 1st meal. Then onto grading & prepping for the last week of school
I agree and Perkins is not 100%
Have a great day!!
Do u screen the man or an area? Every great screening team knows which way they play. 1 or the other but not both. better chemistry that way
This man is a legend n da Brooklyn community. Ive seen him stare down the mothers of girls he did and laugh with no fear!
Congrats on signing today!! Being a fellow Baptist, I look forward to the drive up 35 to watch you hoop for Coach Drew and BU!
your always on my mind. ;') follow me? <3
Hahaha. I'm good now. Not so much this morning. #KeepCalmAndCarryOn #ItsAllGoodInTheHood :)
New IMDB credit(un) for Deadliest Warrior. Played a killer Hun.
One word for today: ___________.
you should follow me
"Hey Jason... Get me a beer Jason."
Some of us need to make the most of who we (they) are, to truly be able to promote what we (they) do (vocation). PROMOTE/
of course!
Afternoon folks...long a** night
i HATE this phone !
Happy Birthday, Norman Rockwell! An American classic. :)
Thanks for the recommendation!
Grilled Taleggio-fig bruschetta using home-canned preserves.
So damn tired and I still got 3 more hours.. what's the move tonight??
Hope all the moms had a Happy Mother's Day! My wife got a #Kindle. Now I want one. And a new #phone, a new #computer & an #iPad too!
Lunch suggestion: Find someone who believes the rapture's going down and convince them to buy you lunch. Shouldn't be hard...
How is everybody's Wednesday so far?
Yeah, that's how I feel about my state rep. :/
Thanks so much for the mention. Been a little light on twitter lately.
I will also be doing less gametime updates via for the #SportingKC vs #Impact game, so if you don't want a flood of updates.
Miss, you must have a very cozy uterus :)
haha - "I fuck computer shop ass, make them humble. Just like the Virgil"
#CanadiansRock #socialchat Aww, thanks! Gotta love twitter and the connections it enables.
Before you go to bed tonight, make sure you plan to come in for Monday Brunch tomorrow. (or just call it 'lunch' if you're working.)
oh yes. To go to yoga or to go back to bed, this is the question....
i still luv u
Hahah! What kind of bass-ackwards mindset suggests blackness is purely a function of hue? OM Friggin' G!
man its a damn shame the Ant Hills is an amazing and scary place at that, after all these years of diggin and building :(
me either bro! Can't wait to hear you rock out to the strokes. And some originals too!
Get it, Get it, Get it Mavs
Switching between the Lakers game and Scared Straight
cool! Why wait so long?
what about urs?
arrrgg twitter needs to stop favoriting random things!
I get so upset and emotional when I see these chicks on Basketball Wives always pickin on the pretiest and tiniest girl who cannot fight.
Generic "orioles are in first place" tweet
Life is getting too busy when I have to calendar time in Outlook with my wife.
RT On my way to Lubbock, TX...Hello #TexasTech > flattest place on earth. Enjoy!
Awe Brendon I'm glad you could forgive me :)
I may be laughing while you tickle me, but I WILL kill you once you stop.
: Sitting with Paul…
can it be a remote position?
Eating a burrito. (:
i am really happy with my dell mini 12 laptop so far...lots of functionality, no fans, and a nice bright large(for a netbook) screen!
finishing up proposal due at 23:59:59 gmt, money helps collaboration
Thanks for the follow! Reached my follow limit until I get more followers. Looking forward to your tweets.
Will be tweeting info on Healthcare Staffing update from Staffing Industry Analyst
their on to us
Hey girl! Burton Lexa's and Stilettos are the ones that I have ridden with and those are totally sick. I'm pretty sure that
What are you cooking for Mom tomorrow?
I lose followers daily..
Christmas is near, tickets would make the perfect gift for the girl in your life!
Let that shit burn.
I'm amazed at the amount of support the troops have. God is good and I'm thankful to know that my country supports my comrades and me.
Wow, that was a great Kathleen Falk ad. The people look half dead and they are reading off cards. Inspiring.
Our Seattle ad network includes 10 of top 50. And 11 of top 60 ;) RT : Excited to be listed
Listening to all of the Billboards top 100 (cross genre) this past week.
thank you papa ;) I had to say hello to you hottie
family is so important, dont know why some people can't realize that
So what i can't sing,at least i try
When you subconsciously drink almost a whole 32 oz bottle of Powerade & wonder why you have to pee so badly...
It would be amazing to hear from you today:)
I love seeing connect w/ fans! The Q&A is entertaining. Must be the reason #Chuck has such a following! Keep up the good work!
poor #Mariano..get better soon...#NY needs you & loves you.
sucks I missed it
I wonder if a homeless man ever witnessed a drug deal gone wrong, all the guys kill each other "No Country" style, and he gets the bag of $$
Aug 1st Raising Champions dinner | promote the health of HS athletes. Good food; great cause. 503.418.4166 Got your tix? Deadline July 29
Cartmenez expert independent contractor for cheating professional development. Please call for quote! Package discount!
if was a class i would SO have an A.
its almost yoir birthday chloe happy early non birthday ha ha
thanks babe (: i love you! you funny ass hole!
Diana Ross. We got off the 79th St. crosstown bus coming back from an East side Dr. appt, walking North & stopped to play.
Looking forward for the next few days.
is a bad influence
plan ahead man. dont go to nyc hoping to find a couch... you'll end up in a shitty motel in jersey city or a homeless shelter
Charlaine Harris' latest, Dead in the Family, and season three start of True Blood in the same week - good times.
I forgot to put on socks because I was in a rush and it has ruined my day.
Can Social media be used for learning, or is it strictly *social*?
Grizzlies coming home tied at one game each with the Thunder. Time to get down to Grizzness boys
Where the fuck is the weedman?...this is bad business bruh
I think Whitney may have been our Billie.
Boxer Suarez keeps Olympic dream alive
You look awesome, lady and I agree with on how your house looks like its out of RH. Great shot!
May you be present and fully live the holidays.
omg. i almost have 200 followers. :D i am so proud. ahaha.
how was it? I recorded it!!
“: Watching from senate balcony. #cnn covering the president's speech. we love u John King shout out from Boston
me too!
“: You liked it RT “: is LAME AF for that last tweet”” did i really? Lol jk
I rarely watch TV without being able to skip commercials, and the ones on VH-1 Classic are particularly annoying.
Listening to always seems to put me in a party mood! 1 more day!
yess great flick
That boar? Not that you would. But you did.
The M.A.D. Caregiver may be close to throwing in the towel...
#alamw12 I'm impressed. Wanted to do it but hotel bed is too comfortable! Good luck!
where you from?
heh, wait until you see the end of the most recent ep....wont spoil it for yahs...he sure is :-)
There is so much controversy over dairy lately! What's the scoop? Almond milk is an office favorite here.
RT The network is down in my place. I can't do anything but 3G on my iPhone. Awful!
The people with the biggest hearts always suffer the most.
your absolutely right!
Thank you mom for putting up with me being an ass for 17 years love ya <333333
Gonna go on myyearbook.com :) If u want to know who i like message me : ]
All hail the Official Ladder of the Final Four
Wow. I have a great arm & even better aim!
nasty as hell though.
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
thx….will look at more tonight.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way! :)
Read the blog yesterday my man. Good work on the networking piece. How is the longhorn life?
were such an amazayn Directioners we make everyone in our family to like them ;D were Brilliam
Lynn Zettlers' session on Creating Your Personal Brand #aiip12, final session of the conf.
Writing a paper in English about who inspires me. is the first person that came to mind. #KingOfClass <3
Okay just got a 5 mile in on the #Burke. How about you?
yeah hoe!!!...in my TRHEE6MAFIA voice!!
Color special, book yours and bring a friend for 50% the 2nd coloring any Tuesday in June #abq 550-7005
RT : Know why Tuesday is better than Monday? Because we're open! New BROWN SUGAR cupcake w/ CINNAMON NUTMEG frosting! YUM
Lol today my teacher started swearing at us. He was mad
Thanks sister!
@ Far Niente location scouting for #HomeBrewed #webseries. Getting pumped for next weekend's shoot!
Damn man babe gone to sleep have know one to talk to
I say consider both. The question I'd ask myself, if I were you, is whether or not you can live with Sense 4.
#know12 "digital natives" (under 30) vs "digital immigrants": IMO not a valid generalization.
Would be awesome, the film killed off too many of the main characters though. :(
Only Coronado would bitch about everyones dresscode on a day this hot & humid.
It's neon night! Must see event!
I need the internet right about now.
Can you imagine the look on Scott Walker's face when she let that one slip.......
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun
well if i'm going to be a ventriloquist's dummy i'd better practice living in this trunk
#HVSummit says HV is critical to children, so why is TN going to lose their most comprehensive HV programs? Come onTN wake up!
It rained throughout the night; the seams of our little tent held...for the most part.
um...WHAT.
Getting an egg thrown at you as you walk downtown ... YOU MISSED #workonyouraim #MSUBears #mensgolf with
Thanks! I may cruise by the food truck court first, then.
Remember that your image must conform our lives and the places where you see yourself.
i love that song! i gonna watch your cover now..
can i have it c:
You will never gain anything by just sitting on the roadside waiting for a ride. Choose a direction and walk. Exercise is a reward too. ;)
you made Philly proud, hope I can be your tee shirt printer!
Avengers was INCREDIBLE
We've got a twin!!!
NAMC Members check your email for bid invitation.
I continue to see nonprofit organizations behave as though fundraising is a cost-free undertaking. It's not - you must invest $ to raise $.
WE are excited to be your official fitness club! Let the games begin!
Just got off ... up in 2 1/2 gotta get it!!www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
They looked liketall factory chimneys, for the flame had completely hollowed themout their whole length
Unions are wack so I think I'm gonna skip this section to study...
I want to nominate for the steal second base contest. He's be far better than the 8-year-old today.
no! I bet this lady owned a million in her day.
I'm gonna start saving for the Demi Lovato Summer Tour!!!
I have some new silkscreen works hanging at Crazy Mocha in Bloomfield. Go check it out!
Have either of you read The Hunger Games? What did you think?
Hill City Hots rule at Happy Jack's Hot Dogs
MO State Board of Education meeting starting. Board to discuss Missouri Baptist University's sponsorship of charters.
is so Hella Hot!!
your Twitter charm impresses me... sunburned legs might too.
I so love my beautiful brown skin! I wouldn't trade it for nothing!
For you it's world history, and 456 after the test!
I took this #Over Ducks v Cardinal
awh thanks, I guess I try to be inspirational, I just want to give myself options
The duke is poppin' right now
makes my night. oh and this guy name and cant forget .
Man I love this snow yaa digg
It's official! SAVE THE DATE: April 12! 2nd Annual #TEALtini Cocktail Contest & Fundraiser for at More to come!
Man this new weed I got is stupid as fuck... On mammas
I don't understand why NBC would want to cancel 30 Rock, Parks&Rec & Community. Why else would I watch their network?
Keep on truckin' beautiful, girl! You are headed for greatness! RT get my lil feelings hurt too easily. time to toughen up.
YEAH SRY Chris has Troy's same shoes!!! Also I need a balloon!!!
last nights was I was held at gunpoint by a cartel member and had to cook him meth in my living room...then my family walked in
I love spring break...
I haven't decided when I'm moving yet tho...
#thevoice christina take the claws out on the other judges. Humility is a virtue.
On Celebrity has a very bitchy and crappy attitude. I do not see how anyone worked with her!
Yo'! I just saw a dude take a pint of beer in .75 seconds... IT WAS THE CRAZIEST I've ever seen...
well if you can prove to me you deserve number 800..you got it.
rough game! Will you be making the Cincy trip again this year? I'll be at the whole series!
he's closer to me! How far is he from you?! Hahaha
Great weekend up in rifle with !! It was super amazing
Help please: need a good dentist on the westside, one willing to work with someone without insurance...
what is?
never stop hustling.
Hahaha you win.
Oeltjen flashes that smile after getting a base hit. Lots to smile about tonight.
Mayday parade on the way to work. Nothing better than this wake up call.
Denver misses you too! QT : HAVEN'T SEEN THE SUN IN 2 WEEKS
Nice... B.B King ! Sounds like a great weekend
True or False? Total number of possible #royalflush hands in a 52-card deck: 4
You are always beautiful and profoundly worthwhile. Call me. Miss you, lovely.
touché. Garlic is not only a must on food but great for warding off vampires and nagging wives
Yeah uhh I'm just gonna go eat a burger
"i like girls who eat carrots" lmfao it was soo funny
oh!!! Wow he is a good little guy. I'll have to give him food orders from now on!!
My phone is fucked up. :/
Police helicopters and gun shots - what the heck is going on in my neighborhood?
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a prosperous week
RT There are some errors so sweet that we repent them only to bring them to memory. Unknown
You're gonna dig it.
Hey everyone, check out We have to help her decide what photo to upload!
is 1 of my faves right now. left-handed break cuts & intel basslines A+.
Yep, that was a yummy place! I was going to suggest Buca's - could be fun with the family, or The Knick.
The key to building the list is to build trust and credibility.
Peaked at the setlist for tomorrow and I see a song by the Boss in your future. Can't wait to see the crew at The Ale house
do you have happy hour this Thursday? It's my birthday and I'd like to come with a bunch of friends.
follow me back missy!!
Crossfit is no joke. I'm loving me first and foremost.
Never be someone your not. Alway be you
They need Bosh back
Not sure of the exact location, but I do recall a tent-pole being involved.
alright then
Whenever nobody cared, just remember im the only one that gave a fuck.
I will never forget who my flight crew was and ALL the details of that day. I was flying from Newburgh, NY to Atlanta diverted to Augusta,Ga
In a sad turn of events, there are no other tweets with the hashtag #treeboobs ) :
My six pack is protected by a layer of fat.
Damn boogie gettin sick "/
well fuck. i hate everybody right now.
Denver for the men, Penn for the women.
Krejci 0-for-2 on faceoffs on his first shift. So what's Bergeron's status tonight?
"Find something more important than you are and dedicate your life to it" attributed to Dan Dennett.
When others think all YOUR POST are about THEM, they've moved themselves into the "IMPORTANT" category in your life without your permission.
#party oh yeah
Curren$y and Melanie Fiona too...
Yep! I can give you a laundry list. That's not including Tennessee's natural wonders either.
Watched Paranormal Activity 3 last night..seriously every single one of those movies is scary as hell. Can't wait till the 4th.
#NHL ASG is a joke -- coaches and players should pick the rosters, not brain dead Ottawa fans. No malkin? Really? Go
Help us choose our next flavor: milk chocolate and peanut butter cup, or dark chocolate Aztec with sweet smoked paprika and chili powder.
As long as you apologized it's all good
Someone give this kid a haircut
Laissez les bons temps rouler. How will you be celebrating Mardis Gras in San Diego this weekend?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :D
I quit talking to you because for not one second did you ever even act like you were gonna change. You will always be unfaithful.
exam week no
The six most important words: "I admit I made a mistake".
Staaaaaal! At the Garden and just lost my voice.
... believe it. I'm use to talking to people with thier own opinion. haha. My bad dude.
Holiday lunch and gift swap with #ExactTarget Recruiting Team ....we have some cut throat Recruiters on the team...like it!
Go Rays! RT Who's ready to tweet? #Rays trying to clinch the series against the #Rangers tonight. Here we go!
Karmak Introduces Business Software Solution for Repair Shops - Truckinginfo
RT : Your logo is very nice. Good work.
Lucky you!
i hope u do becuase, your gunna be more than Slepping Beauty...and that bitch sleeps all the time!
you are an angel. I love you :)
He said, "You're dreamin', if you think you can do that." I said, "That's what I do, I Dream." End of conversation.
I failed at trying to draw on Jessica's face. It woke up
Thanks for the RT
awhe. Happy birthday! Hope ur doing good up there!:)
I told to put that thing in the closet and never touch it again.
How bout that 30 point lead Kobe?
Um.. jim brown #respect : Trent Richardson is nothing special???? Who the hell said that?
yo u from Germany right?
"The question...is not whether you get knocked down. You will.The question is, are you ready to get back up..fight for what you believe in?"
#nowurbanism you should allow real-time questions via twitter.
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.
I'm listening to "In Your Eyes" by Peter Gabriel
Twitter is all about some drama tonight....I'm going to bed!!
loved you once love you still always have always will (J.O.I - insider)
We here at NecroGaming will be playing some D&D today. How about y'all?
Save $100 on full-service social media mgmt & e-mail distribution by contacting #YergerTech today. Offer ends #Christmas!
Did you know that WALTER BRENNAN won THREE Oscars?!
Hope all you boot campers are watching tonight for the and interview! It's great
I feel like I'm too old to use Twitter..it seems like a teenage thing..am I way off?
told you 10 days ago… no way you can turn down sean miller and the UofA after visiting!
should check his wall.
Teachers that expect us to do homework suck
is sexy lol
You're right Chris, that would even be better !But if he's not going to change his swing/approach lay one down (like he said)
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!.
Fill in the blanks: "I could ______, or I could just stay here and ______"
No problem!
BLACK. FUCKING. MAMBA. GO
ok handsome love you
Oh time for me to finally win a prize! >:) cc
“It is the woman who chooses the man who will choose her.”
why can't I retweet you what the hell
Good thing you reminded me. Mine is tomorrow--save a MIlwaukee Burger for me!
Back at you! Happy New Year
Dancers are athletes of God. -Albert Einstein
Speeding home so I can go for a run before the sun goes down. Taking hills so fast my stomach drops.
I could be studying for my midterm. But instead, I'm sleeping in th
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I hope those boys aren't looking at my ass jiggle.
RT : will join 's own for her live recording and Birthday BASH TOMORROW AT 7:00PM at Divine Faith
hahaha we don't we don't. you're actually quite awesome. =]
'The working landscape has changed...we must all be more [flexible and] entrepreneurial' Good words from Charles Hoslet
Reading back over old tweets is depressing. It also makes me feel like a happiness-ruiner. And a bad person.
Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give you the desires of your heart.
Our pres., Jack Glacken was one of the earliest TGI employees, working his way from proofreader in 1977 to his current position in 1983.
Oh da return of the bayyybayyy 😁
I hate when people say "i want a tweet from austin" and austin's already tweeted them like 3486329 times.
I'm flying back to NYC on Tuesday!
Ok thickness! RT : So I gained 10 lbs. I put on these shorts and I see it all went to my thighs.
goodmorning everyone!! :D I hope yall have a great day!! :)))
Blargh. That's not fun...You know what you have to do, right? Eat all of the ice cream that will (obviously) melt in the freezer!
my nigga what's good
Hahaha! Like that'll ever happen. I think he's actually sponsored by Hostess.
i wonder what Ms.Noda would say when she hears me read "I plan on marrying Justin Bieber or One Direction." In my essay....
There's a big difference between people who "follow" you and people who read your tweets.
Russian black bread @ Firehook is a small rectangular loaf, this is deliciously dense, perfect with cream cheese and smoked salmon.
Kind of sad this is the best team in Boston right now.
Writing some history and listening to Johnny Cash.
Heartburn is the devil
Jack and Jill is dumber the second time
I really can't explain it, but I like you without trying. I love the things you say & how you never fail to make me smile.
really? That's good to hear bc i'm a tad bit frustrated after only two days
Hi Can't seem to get into your website today. Would like to talk to you about doing an app for me.
my sister is getting her iphone before me because she lost her old phone but I still have mine... not okay.
Who's going to the Pop Punk's Not Dead tour tonight?!
Go to Chili's then add a Redbox and a bottle of Yellowtail and you'll be well on your way to average unescapable happiness
I think Josh Willingham missed tonight's game due to a Herpes outbreak.
ugh im with you on that one
If it take the Vikings moving to LA for the people in Minnesota to realize what they had, then move and let the crying begin
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber Lost 80,000 Fans Just because he cutted his hair RT if you don't care about his looks.
We close at 3 am from Thursday to Saturday...Late Night Tortas FTW!
miss you we need to hangout tomorrow sissy .
She looks like she just came off of a bender. If she's trying for sympathy she's failing miserably.
That's that fuckery .
FAITH...In your wilderness!
Attn: Holga & Lomo lovers!!! Have you checked out our Expired Film Shelf in our reception? Right now we have Kodak Porta NC and VC! 35% off!
sure but that seems overkill
Thanks!! RT : Woot! thank you for being a silver sponsor for #PPandF2!
It's done anywhere we can get with the bands and get a good quality interview
Chilling with Jose.
I just wanted to say I LOVE YOU! You are my favorite dancer on DWTS. I hope ROB WINS! RETWEET IF YOU WANT TO WIN!
Wow. RT : Before the how is the why...before the why (and during the how) is the alive creative impulse...
Aye the Pacers just won the championship , they happy , lakers fan happier though .
I know there is. I just was longing for the days of writing on the 2nd floor, watching the cars go by on Woodward.
All Hail the King! with an EPIC 39 Save Shutout!!!
just wanna give you /o big looch from stay up hope everything is good from the homie dubb 1
the day looks beautiful! - ah, Spring, where is thy sting?
good! still reaching for the milestones :) Everyday is a battle of choices, I try to make the good ones! PS I'm proud of you!
oh my dear lord!! I can tell I am out of my mind when I start making faces like that!! Lol
Like magic? Like raffles? Like running? Like supporting a good cause? Register for Jaxson's Jog...www.jaxsonsjog.com!
That doesn't sound like you! ???
Watching the "he could be the one" Hannah Montana episode on Netflix because I'm cool like that.
SpeakBird | Play Flash - Free Online Addicting Games
i like pickles
Congrats sweety ;)...glad u making moves
Looks awesome Nikki!! I so wish I could be there for you guys :( Love ya none the less<3
my address is 471 Gainesville Hwy Apartment 6 in Winder, Georgia. The zip code is 30680. Mail me a birthday card if u want to
if my dog could talk, i bet he'd have the voice of morgan freeman
Also follow b/c they're smart, cute, and they will TOTALLY PWN YOU.
I'm sorry, what? Red Velvet Pancakes? Is a thing, that exists?
how are you Cuz? What u doing?
Everybody "does" hair these days.
Controversial opinion: Ivan Johnson is more awesome than josh smith
That tragic day when you realize has unfollowed you aha
#nw KSU OWLS VS MERCER BEARS.
this is awesome!
MITT ROMNEY passed the offering basket in his church more because his main focus is MONEY not PEOPLE or GOVERNMENT POLICY. NLD Mom/ca.surv.
Merry Christmas! Have a great day!!
London, Paris, Prauge, Amsterdam
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Thursday, April 19, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all tomorrow!
#Alexandroberthavethebestswag okay whoever created this is genius(:
I am so going to punish myself if this comes out badly. I can't get an incomplete. Really closing a final at the start of Finals Week!!!
Who has the most iconic mustache in the world? Magnum PI? Einstein? The entire cast of Tombstone?
i need a guy like Justin in my life :/
Write to be understood, speak to be heard, read to grow. -- Lawrence Clark Powell
girl fight scenes are the bomb dot com
I will, therefore i am.
Priced several contraception methods through insurance. Upset at the cost. Gives me some comfort to know that Viagra isn't covered at all.
Every time this DH/English lit grad student speaker says "archives" the lady in front of me shakes her head.
tomorrow is market day. You in?
Umm, I can stream every episode OZ on the HBOgo service thanks to ? And stream sports live via ESPN? This is excellent!
type in "google gravity" on google and hit "I'm feeling lucky." (:
Great ! I agree with you - let's boycott Hamas terrorists and ALL of their supporters! Stop terrorism now...
I caught a glimpse of Justice Kagan at lunch today. Hopefully she was filling her belly for energy to convince her compadres...
Edgar Watson Howe~ One has fear in front of a goat in back of a mule and on every side of a fool.
#Santorum: People don't want to send someone to manage Washington, they want someone who can give the power back to the people
At $8 an hour, the minimum wage here in MA is the 5th highest in the US. But can anyone actually live on it?
Big fan of the suit Chuckie B is wearing tonight.
I know just dealing with it one day at a time
yeah, why?
how you feeling man?
Great Zuma class. Thanks
To my mind, the perfect number of "We need a bus!" calls in a Law & Order SVU episode is 3.
Oh no! Walking for healthy stronger babies is a good way to help! Sorry for your loss.
Left my laptop at work and I don't have a tv so... looks like I'm going out drinking tonight.
#Welcome 2 #Detroit ! Where your dreams can become reality. I #love U, City of my heart :)
That's correct. We have on set with 2 for 1 Drinks, Free Admission, & the NY Yankees game on the projector. LinxList!
I guess sometimes you just gotta put people on blast to make something happen.
GL to team pro in the #mainevent tomorrow
Unconditional Love makes the world go round
and already almost louder than the music coming from the in house speakers. Awesome!
Cispa cybersecurity bill opposed by Obama administration.
I'm not your kind ..
just saw you on HTVT lol
Thanks :-) I'm really enjoying it!
#10FavoriteNickiMinajSongs sex in the lounge
Mega-Shark vs. Crocosaurus
These NBA playoffs have lost me. Three, four good games. Even Diehard Laker Fan over here says Stanley Cup is doing better right now.
Algorithm is Math + Assumptions says
Working on our TTB paperwork! All our hardwork will pay off soon!
yeah no one damaged. Here's a joke: What did the rock say to the windshield going down the freeway? Nothing. It's a rock.
Has Zeke Pike blown his chance with Auburn? 1st Bowl tour canceling is Auburn next?
RT : and that's only the 2nd 1st quarter TD all year for the Browns.
Been jamming to #baytl all fucking day, you killed it. Seriously, good work.
Short hair, don't care! *high five*
V-cube is featured on the frontpage of www.tradeport.org, a leading organization connecting worldwide product distributors.
ha really!? That's awesome...thanks for letting me know! What an incredible experience :)
Join us for Latin Gold Thursdays 9pm-Close! No Cover, Just great fun! See you there! QBar in Hotel #ABQ!
If we call that one a fastball, should we call his regular FB a super fastball?
Pretty sure I just searched out, stole and ate All of the chocolate in the boys Halloween stash.
Remember, when you review anything & only have 1 review ie: Yelp or Amazon - it can automatically be deleted upon request by the company.
thanks for the follow!
Super cute!
I've survived 33 years of bank mergers but none have been worse than #WellsFargo. I sure miss
with the rents there? Lol
throwing up in my brother's mouth at a baby~ <3
“ Awe shit, it's National Kiss Day. Ooh, about to tongue somebody down!”woah lol
lol xD and this is all because of a pack of cigarettes. We are truly best friends if we can fight over this xD
I'll be waiting.
Monday mornings....
God's not Mad at you, Gods's Mad About you-
Museum >= school object <= case-study
Rain has moved out and our crews are working hard to get us back open.
Any #dieticians out there? We'd like to chat to you! Feel free to RT.
eighth grade formal /:
2 doubleheaders canceled today too bad that they won't play 3
Im mad bored now
I Need A Massage When I Get Back!!
You mean you aren't going to send me money for fabulous fictitious products?
Smoke sleep fuck ? Or sleep fuck smoke ? Fuck smoke sleep . Yea that's the one .
Are you even my Oppa? Lol idk I just call you that. Haha
Thanks for waking me up so dayum early! Now you got to make the coffee run....ha ha
- It would be nice to know what's new every time there is a dashboard update. Is there someplace I can find that?
many people wants to ride with you in the limo.. ,but what you want is someonewho will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down
Why? Why me? Then again, why not me?!?
I'll be there if I'm not working!
THREE/23, guys. March, not February.
Got to play with code while working on our ContentDM implementation today. Don't get to do that as often now that I am a manager.
Hunger Games tomorrow at 2!! (: WOOHOOO!!
would you say thats a bad thing tho? :D
I'm so excited for you omg
"here it goes down, down into my belly"
#SMBAustin : We may see some discussion this session about officials tweeting during session and meetings.
