well then party on!
I don't think any of us expected 2 be where we r rn. But jus make the best of it. Surround ur self w the things u luv. (:
omg. that chickfila was so good. I was starving.
Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an original is worth more than a copy.
Time to scramble some eggs n fry some bacon unless i find that bunny
Average Happy hour drinks cost the same as an average gallon of gas.
Thankfully this weekend is turning out ok so far:)
batchs ain't a animal but your moms houe is(;
Really!? "American Dad" is still on? Seth MacFarlane must be doing fox a favor or something.
“It's National Frozen Yogurt Day! Celebrate w. #Pinkberry! Mango, Coconut, Original, Peanut Butter, Chocolate”
I really don't like those bees
Been solo to long
Championship won. Season done.
Have a great race weekend everybody!! I know I will!!
Acapella rap songs >>>>>>>
MAKE LOVE TO ME WITH YOUR WORDS NOT WHAT'S IN YOUR PAINTS
I mean they can get annoying after awhile. Atheists just need to understand that people can believe what they want.
Huffman: concern about some Sunset recommendations re: parole board. Reasons for ALL decisions, delegation of any case to hrg ofcrs
Tonight as well as Wednesday night proved my point...all i have to say
Give me another full length movie on flixter. I dare you.
send a triggering email 1 day prior, copying subscribers exes, get everyone mad/crying, charge extra if it's a full moon.
This week has to improve. Right? It's been kind of a pile of shit so far. Closing the book on Wednesday. Hoping Thursday sucks less.
All over the map. Literally just about anything, sans westerns. Not my style.
yep- twitter is the Devil!-see ya tomorrow
you and Buster booth already tweeting, difference is he may be on the east coast! You may not. Do you sleep? Ha
Just bought #thehungergames movie tickets <333 12 more days. I better bring some kleenex..
Fake Pat died to me when he RENEGED on a FLANIGANS invite in December.
The tweet about the cordless kettle was quoted from a review on Amazon.
No matter how far you go down the wrong road, you can always turn back<3;
...as I eat watermelon sour patch and raisinets
Phew! Great run of "Hurcules Furens" with Now diving into rehearsals for "Rock In Her Pocket"
I feel badly for Steve Nash, I wonder where he will land up next year!
Watching the American Music Awards, Whose hair do you like the best so far? And who are the MITCH Men?
Today 10-6 Long Beach #farmersmarket @ City Hall, next to LIRR station
Well Leave Monday For Chicago This Wasnt The Way I Wanted To Go Back There!!!
I don't like you. But I am gonna quit bitching. From
better be homeboy
Haha, you know he is currently plotting his demise! Wait, I think I should be the one plotting his demise!
Classic: RT : Vader, you must confront Vader, then, only then, a jedi will you be...and confront him you will.
no doubt.. I will be sending you more material asap
you should learn how to lean like those cholos
Totally smoked back from Laschet's Inn Chicago. German beers solid pretzel sleep it off
Just watched the GIRLS pilot. That show knows what it's doing. (which is pretty much the highest compliment I can give a show)
Happy Birthday to Lyndsey Cannon she turns 13 today!!! growing up so fast
ELI! Are you coming by today? What are you thinking in the LOUISVILLE game?
Not sure I shld have to teach the deli cntr how to slice prociutto. & shldn't they know which salami is spiciest?
awesome. Great timing
What were your key takeaways from today's social media program?
Haha; I gotcha. No rules on connection timing...however each circumstance will dictate when it's best/appropriate to connect
The Expendables go hard!
hey can i have a shoutout? il give you one back! <3
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
playoff game, discovery ball & christening! :) RT : The weekend is(almost)here! Got any plans?
do it! I'll be the one with the bass.
I can teach you French! I take French at school!!!
Hahahahahhahahahah "I'm not like every alcoholic."
No evo shield=No
Hi #libchat I'm Jessi and in a post-MLS fellowship
2 shows this weekend! SAT, 12/10: Old Man Brown @ Bayou in Georgetown-10pm. SUN, 12/11: Jenny Leigh Freeman @ Bossa in Adam's Morgan-7:30pm.
Seattle, if you were human, I’d put you on Prozac. I need some of Baltimore’s warmth and sunshine right now....
TONIGHT MTV VMA WKND WRAPS UP @ COLONY WITH DJ DRAMA!!!
Fruit Loot looser :(
#IfIRuledTheWorld I would help people in need and take care of my family
Had to cancel trip to Dublin , in truth i cant be arsed but if anyone asks its
love your version of Happy Hour
haha I am!!
Our God is greater, Our God is stronger!
Yay! :) I can't wait. 22 days!
Phill Grove To Hold A Free Financial Freedom Workshop On Wednesday, May 16 ...
I'm supposed to be sleep! 5am ain't gonna be pretty! ~ mahoganybella
How does it feel now to watch it burn?
You should put a picture or description with each.
watching The Vow with me bro. we are #sickbuddies blehhhhh
thanks Eric for the follow
today was a great day especially with my
Failing to plan is a plan to fail. -Effie Jones
I guess you have to have bad days to fully appreciate the good days
#FF Some great #LAthtr Tweeters: , , & Company member rocks some great tweets, too.
Tacos de asada.
do what you want & say what you please.
Agreed--and papercut resistant for us clumsy thumbs.
I wish every customer that came to the pharmacy was just like Betty White.
Found a new up and coming sport that appears to be right up your alley. Google "Moto Polo"
forgive me,I don't know much about Meadowlark Lemon except that he was a globetrotter from my neighborhood, harlem.
Haha! I wanted to feel his muscles soo bad (:
I did that thing where u double ur height wen ur 2, I'm suppose to b 5'4"! I'm 5'4" right now 😖 am I gonna b to short to play volleyball!?
Thank you! Have a great weekend :)
happiness.....WHERE??
you are a chef!
SE Portland we <3 you! Thanks for the support yesterday, see y'all around :D
thanks man
don't think i'm going to be able to sleep tonight after that amazing concert!
So busy today! Happy monday!
u need to up Ur appetite
So far worked out so i think he got lots of guts
Will someone at #DWTS tweet and tell us what said that they bleeped out?
clearly the jokes on us
Take a look around, ain't shit nice in this careless world..
Hey sassy Nikki!! TFTF and keep having fun making the world your stomping grounds...
same literally though
Daily GTKY question: Who do you respect the most?
How come you can't face time on three way?
We mostly work to live, until we live to work.
Good morning!! Hope you have a very blessed day! :)
haha..the Yahoo soap opera continues
Listening to Eva Cassidy "I Have Told You So". What a loss for us musically that she left us too early but I will cherish her recordings.
i need advice.. badly..
Mark Wahlberg = best actor alive.
Go 2 Utube n type all n 1 word mrgocolts317 n listen to n my cadillac or players anthem. Thats my shit I made. N e thing that says ft maxima
yup that was a pretty depressing conversation lol
I remember the day Williams got kicked off the team...I wondered why he was looking so down walking away from Conte when I spotted him
Hahahaha oh god send me that
Good! I bike to the Y DT, but also wrk at our Brown Deer location, which I drive to... ;)
Vegan Sausage w Roasted Red Pepper, Jalapeno, n Pepperjack Daiya Cheese! Also Mint Cookies n Cream brownies!
My birthday SUCKS. Smh..
Gotta say, as far as days go, this one sure had a truckload of good news in it. #yay!
Feel That Happy Feeling....
Playing at Cool River in Homer Glen tonight for a hometown celebration before we leave for tour. 21+ cheap drinks, we'll play around 11:30!
isn't it amazingly humorous how those who don't do ur job think that that can tell you how to do ur job???? #wtf!?
how r u doing???
"Romney distancing himself from the nasty SuperPac ads against Obama" get used to seeing for the next 5 months.
Who's claiming the account?
zeke Zoey. I have a thing for pets named with Z's. Mine are Zeke Zeus and Zoom lol
thou dost protest too much...
Convinced 2 kinds of people: those who use kleenex and those who put finger to nostril and blow through t'other. Why hot jogging boy, why?
Your my everything. Follow me? I wouldn't be just another Mahomie wanting a follow. It would mean everything to me.❤ Please?
really....who uses Martha Stewart glitter for kindergarten? (snicker)
#replacefilmtitleswithtwat No Country for Old Twat
I'm interested in textile production capability/resources/info in Haiti. tips? starting points?
Parenting: You're doing it right.
Check out - a design co. that donates their profits to organizations to help fund preservation/restoration projects in LA.
RT : Teachers play an important role in prepping kids for success in the workplace - blogging from...
Can't wait :)
Thanks, Jen :-) really nice here today, I hope it is for you, too :-)
Lord Byron: Our thoughts take the wildest flight; even at the moment when they should arrange themselves in thoughtful order.
An interview w/ Core Media Concepts will be posted on a brand new Orlando based entertainment site soon! Follow for updates
My whole body is aching....
This nigga is never doing anything. I have a better life than him , and I don't have a life lol
happy mothers day and thank you
Have you #voted, today? GOP and Democratic primaries happening right now in
Symbols, signs, and the cycles of things.....
good morning beautiful♥
We'd be more than happy to connect. Can you please DM us your phone or email, so our team can reach out to you? Thanks!
Austin's future girlfriend is smiling and RTing this tweet. <3
We have over $6,000 in raffle prizes to give away at 3rd Annual Bachelor/ette Auction "Flashes of Hope"!
#SNL Eli is actually not half bad. Looks like he might be the funnier Manning brother.
the day imma die
I've only finished like half of it so far. And yes we're supposed to turn it in.
If you in 2005 could see you today in 2011 what would you say? Would you be impressed with all that you have accomplished?
okay so do you want to make it? You can :)
i'm not asking for someone that is perfect to love me i'm just asking for someone that at least cares !
All day in office conferencing with students. Losing all sense of dignity by now. Office reeks of cheap Asian food that I had for lunch.
I am determined to do this same yoga video until I can do it once through without falling over
Elisa Chan and Maria Cordero to perform in Genting on May 22 - The Sun Daily
at a sweet 16. Lol why
Good enough reason for me :) RT : You’ll burn about 700 calories an hour on a bicycle.
Thanks, Stephanie! Hopefully it catches on. Are you gonna nominate something?
Mort is reporting that he's been relieved of duties - Angelo fired? Wowser - does this mean end of Lovie Smith era?
I love you you're sexy
OMG!!! Why did you foul him!!!
I've fallen in love many times... always with you. <3
yes its perfectly normal.xx I do it all the time <3
RT : Kicking myself for forgetting to swing by for #frenchiespopup before work/gah! Here too!
ahh... massive change, blowing up faculty comfort zones, and shifting T&L traditions... piece of cake! ;)
Close fight, but you won! “: I had me winning that fight! I wonder who Marvin has winning after all these years?”
" Guys are playing like this is some throwaway game in Rochester!!!!" - Kurt Russell when asked about the rangers play so far
not really. mostly rage and bitterness and helplessness. and now i assume i have to sue the owner, not building. sigh
Awee(: You guys are TOO CUTE together!
New Years resolution: get heavy into Lady Ga Ga
Whole grains(without gluten) - amaranth, buckwheat, chia, millet,quinoa,sorghum and wild rice....my favorite is quinoa!
I have to do a piss test too for work!:O
Nice network teamwork between TNT and NBC to get a NBC live shot of Staples during the LA Kings game broadcast during Clips game on TNT.
Seriously what does thunder up even mean? Dumbest slogan ever.
thanks for rubbin it in.I just finished Googleing how to play a guitar &I didnt learn anything. U need to teach me
nothing bro you ?
"Action is eloquence." ~William Shakespeare
1234567890 your username is great. i love it. your account is just amazing!
When you associate with BASIC people it is quite easy to pull the wool over their eyes!
#milwaukee What you shop at a hardware store do you typically go into the store knowing what you're going to buy? Or do you go to discover?
Allow a new dog to smell your child first before interacting with him
#latex2 = $10 to get in. tonight @ frequency. Party of the year
RT : In caucus where we are finding out for the first time the surprises in new budget including a new slush fund.
I'm hungry .
I herd from somewhere that your doing a world tour, I live in America, so I don't know if it is true?
Copying homework right as you get to school. >>>>
I learned so much from your posts-- terrific advice! thanks!
: like last year
i love #UNBROKEN its Amazing
what up man...damo the songwriter
Calling it: Today, I got my first sunburn of the season celebrating and 's impending union. SO WORTH IT.
IT'S #TWITTERTUESDAY TIME! Say "Good Times" to yr server to get one of our FAMOUS ROLLS for free! While supplies last! Limit 1 per table!
RT The big question is whether you are going to be able to say a hearty yes to your adventure. ~ Joseph Campbell
My great uncle claims he dated Marilyn Monroe back when she was Norma Jean. I'll never be the most delusional person in my family.
lol leave them old people alone
Too bad u don't live in PDX, we are giving away amazing PBR swag at Dante's see our website for more.
The consensus on Julius Mays seems to be: great shooter and good slasher, but lacks elite athleticism and not a great defender.
It's a back issue tweet, so "supplies" refers to the print version. But we're including digital issues in the sale as well.
when your reality is finally better than your dreams <3'
Stereotypes date stereotypes.
Nice! Listening right now.
And Warped is 35 days after that. :-)
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 1-3 ft ankle to waist high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
domestic violence, texting and driving, homosexuality…Glee is the modern day after school special.
Thanks for the follow. I love your platform and am so glad it's live again :)
haha you have no room to talk.
3:35 am. Still going strong with
How is Aramis Ramirez doing since his slow start this spring?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
NYC House takes over tonight with BORIS on deck! Get listed for OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm & COMP ENTRY! reply/
bet! I'll check it out fam
i love crazy bitches. too bad i adore my boyfriend and im not giving him up. <3
Pittsburgh Popcorn Co's Oakland Flavors of the week are Watermelon, Buffalo Wing, Garlic Parmesan.
You know what I would like, what would be tres topical? A muppet LBJ .
Except I really DID sing in a barbershop quartet in Skokie, Illinois. Other members: Shawn Green, Ben Weber, Scott Schoeneweis.
Trying out a new program to help in making tweets more consistent. Hope this works OK.
Day strtd terrible now great
I just watched a guy carry an unopened plasma tv box into Burlington Coat factory. I'm not sure who is more confused right now, him or me.
I love that has skyped into class and is sharing notes in real time on our google doc
Why is TNT advertising a show that on at the same time on a different network
I'm having a really hard time focusing on "Orality and Literacy" 'cause my brain keeps trying to turn it into pictures...
Thanks for explaining to in this video that we do not have a shark tank and we don't negotiate....
It’s the first day of Spring! Hop on over and pick up one of our sprinkled chocolate iced egg doughnuts complete with Kreme filling!
Good morning!! :) off to airport!!! :)
lol this sucks
i hope will notice me #SomeDay and follow back!!♥ ғσreveя kι∂rαυhℓ ♥
AZ threatening to cut power it supplies to LA. 25% of LA power supplied by AZ. Water next.
I don't mind the Anthony verdict. She'll be pregnant in six months and we'll get to watch the whole thing again. Hope its in Texas...
sorry girls but taking a picture of your crotch and legs kinda makes you look slutty
Yo this YOUR fault? The stream for #IWNY is skipping every 5-10 seconds.
Even the Fellas agree that N'Dulgence has Dope Sh*t!
Hey thanks for the mention! Keep reading!
Rainy Monday. Thankful not to be in traffic. Have a super day y'all!
Mo&#39; Money, Mo&#39; Problems (The Note)
Love, love autumn light! Best portraits of the year !!!!
S/o to my other half...he's there 25/8 for our Lil prince just as much as I am!!
Will do! I am also delivering one from Sarah!
Congrats to all the #TRASHXXII winners! Wish I could've joined you @ the banquet today.
So true!!! Thanks,
Cleaning up my classroom
Shout out to all the teachers out there! What you do is not easy!
I would agree with the manning thing. Unless he is flying to another doctor, but if he's just staying in Indy. That's wrong
Thanks to all the fans that came out to the #avonvolleyball games this year we couldn't have made it this far without u guys
Thanks Anita... hope you enjoy them!
Thanks - but no thanks.
Henry pulled the hair off the top of a stuffed monkey's head, and Audrey said, "Now it looks like Rock!"
Going to have a chill night at home watching movies. Anyone got good suggestions was thinking about contraband
What would you do differently or change if you had more money?
Skitch is whiteboard app you can draw on. I write math problems and can teach/model anytime using the whiteboard. Students love it!
Hey Indlps Voters Listen to Mayor Ballards Adds aout 5000 job committments I herd better p/u lines in a bar they are Bogas they don't exist
tell ur friends i say congrats too!!(:
My tummy hurts. :(
that'll work
Back from planet fitness, and took my vinegar smelling pill
Whoohoo! Back atcha! RT : Psyched to work with on a proposal. This is going to be awesome.
hey, it's Shabat! What are you doing tweeting? ;)
Is got a peeling nose or sunburn? #cancunvacation #smbmad. Hope she used sunscreen on vacation.
Anyone interested in dim sum tomorrow in Flushing?
Why is Rebecca Black trending???
Instead of worrying about where ur cheese comes from y don't u worry about delivering orders when promised. Placed order
Testing out Seesmic Desktop 2 as a social network management platform.
ill be there:D
I don't know which iPhone charger is mine :(
no worries. We are happy to give support.
Thanks Chris :)
#MusicVideosYoullNeverForget... R. Kelly - Down Low (Nobody Has to Know). That video was like a little movie.
Alright!!! Our #Facebook fan page it up!! Check it out and be sure to LIKE us! RT
Did you know that KeyMetric tracks phone calls and other conversions to ppc keywords & search queries as easily as tracking click-throughs!
good afternoon ! :) how was your day so far??
Girl, u gettin one of the first invites. I haven't even started promoting online yet. U so special! Lol.
Hello Linda :-) Happy Easter, hope everything is well.
I'm celebrating the 50th anniversary of Strunk & White by using active voice, preferring the standard, and reveling in serial commas.
I can't wait. Honestly.
I dont listen to them that much anymore but they will always have a huge chunk of my heart :)
Vanderbilt marketing for events is HORRIBLE. Why is it that I don't hear about this stuff until it is actually happening. I'm cool BTW.
HAHA oh how I miss those days
WTF did I get on FB I knew that was gonna happen...really the first post though... I just wanna cry, I don't wanna believe it!
down to one hole-free pair of pants. fuck.
GTL in preparation for Bahamas!! Wooopwoooop!
It's a global commodity. Biggest consumer is US. Of the US, military uses most. Closes bases. Base in Japan, Germany. Really?
Purple weed in tha jar call it smuckas
Another day, another "world's first" in #gamification, right Tommy? :)
yea u should have it by Monday
they can still get to the big game in January, keep your spirits up!
I'm confused... Did I miss something??
*blushyface* Thank you!!
RT : We live in an exciting time spiritually--People are reaching out from church to mosque to temple & beyond....
Must. Stop. Eating. Sugar cookies.
have you heard of the health benefits/weight loss perks of tea? We had a whole event just for that topic!
No, they're not.
I can't wait till the day I hear on the radio <3
let me know
not smart. What are you sleepin?
It seems like the only way to execute javascript in #emberjs is through registered helpers
May 20th is right around the corner! See you in Danville! More info on the ETM website.
they sing them good though! Thats why i love it!
Dang! One point! 😔
If we can type out "children", I wonder why we don't just have "descendent" instead of "find"? Call it what it is.
Awake is such good movie!!!! (:
Great to be back in the USA after a nice week attending the YE PEI conference!
Low level dudes love Scarface...high level dudes love The Godfather
At "Digital Lounge iHollywood Media, Entertainment and Tech Mixer" woo hoo!
you can put autograph requests in the comments box. We can not take phone orders.
Tnight on 10, A night of Stars among the GOP and more on an alert 2 at DSM Airport, possible fire onboard flight
How u sign up for may 3
lmao,wow..you could say its a trophy that determines the champion and goes to next roundd
Half off Haircuts!!! Today only from 11:30- 3pm with Leah!!!!
who was that?
I can't understand why people say my girlfriend's legs look like matchsticks. They do look like sticks - but they certainly don't match.
- Good. How are you?
Unlearing a baroque, academic style is painful... (Speaking as one who's done it.)
My Dad was SO right about you.
Working through the VHS list and making weeding decisions.
soo happy today & i love it.
Yes on Paulson!
Most library signs, even not the "shut up" ones, are hideous anyway. So rare to see eye-pleasing signage.
I had lavender again! :) FYI - I'm totally going to be talking your soda up. I'm very happy with my whole experience!
5 days until Cubs opening day!
No electricity no work.
that saying deserves a t-shirt: 'You're so hot, I'd poke holes in the condoms.'
Oh so many chances to practice.
I would get sick the day I get t dissect a heart in biology
We LOVE our clients♥ Post pictures of you with your meal so we can share them with all of our followers! Happy Thursday :)
Las Placitas is super crowded like they used to be back in the day! now if I can only get a waiter...
As much as I would love a game 6 at home, just win baby!
LeBron James -- NBA MVP. Not like it should surprise anyone, though. There was no question about it. Congrats !
Why are there tornado sirens going off????
what's up this is jake stahl, scott Kooistra friend. I want to sit down with you on doing a charity event. 5138865253
RT : Woohoo, for iPhone. Another beautiful distraction to help me get my phone stolen.
It doesn't matter who plays qb. Denver will have 1st pick in 2012 and get Luck(y)!
hall and oates was on wednesday and it was epic. Both were there.
you missed a great time, but there is always next week!! ;-)
duh! its a team of men....
must focus.
Happy Birthday,
Solid pregame mix on w/ Getting ready for the TPR holiday bash. We're hitting the town this
Here's my plan for a successful week. Win 4x8 OCC chamos Thursday, Prom Friday, And Saturday get First/Second Team All-OCC in the 1600m
LinkedIn is where your employees get poached - Ric Dragon
whoa, I want to know what's going on. o:
If you haven't already, please watch my video. I really need those views. And thank you so much if you already have!
the water just hit the big ships in the movie "2012" and the bay door is still open. do you think they'll make it?
Am I saying that not getting at least a bit misty-eyed at the end of Toy Story 3 shows that a person is emotionally stunted? Maybe.
And My CountDown Begainnsssss!
5 days left til Th Reign Is Over get your free download @ www.thorobreadentertainment.com
Um chekn,. We lookn fa wachall do,.have u heard a samp of our m musik? We may be getn at yall soon, thanx fa reachin out, we peepn some ...
Thats how I role!
on Blue Hill - bars closed due to so many violations, stabbings, etc - colocated w/ liquor stores that act as hubs for stuff...
But wait, where's the librarian? Stuck in the snow maybe?
when tj suppose to be here ?
Which is longer: Harry Potter (all the books) or Trollope's Palliser novels? Other Victorian contender for very long story?
Let the flames begin
Someone sent us a Christmas card today addressed to "the Petry's." Am seriously pondering the future of this friendship.
what?? I grew up in Atlanta! Where are you?
Oh computer and electrical engineers don't need to know how a transistor works but a CS major needs to know how to build circuits?
I am crying:(
and we are grateful for you! THANK YOU!
WHOA HEY NOW. brb crying
People gotta stop posting about Adam Yauch its making me sad
Pull your camper, boat or other outdoor toys with ease! One of the new RAM trucks at Melloy Dodge is just the ticket for summer adventures!
RT : The best feeling comes when you realize you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
Let's go GRIZZ
Rock and Roll ain't noise pollution.
I bet its fun
Haha that's exactly what I thought when you had came up to me & my girls at the beach..lol TAYLOR.
RT“: Thanks 2 the Feds 4 mandating we lift the illegal cap on FamilyCare, but I'll take credit for it if u want."
Release date not yet firmly set. But hopefully by July ...
He said u feel me! Lmao
Great job by tonight leading worship 's message certainly was thought provoking.
sed ur goin to wing night with us u dummy
on each child from year to year.
Good afternoon
can't wait to see it!
I'm Jewish and had a 30% off coupon. I must share my joy!
wish me luck
The fact that Romney "can't remember" bullying is worse. Means it's inconsequential to him. Like a dog strapped to a car roof.
the club was so much fun last night. it's hard to be one woman man sometimes when all these women surround me in my presence.
Sly-grin guy in front of me in Panera gave his name as Ricardo Montalban. Cashier asked "How you spell that?"...THE PLANE!!
I've only been a few times, but love it!
what time?
thanks for the mention!
If you're interested in the #Clooney arrest - follow
This whole virtual waiting room for #RedSox tickets is #BULLSHIT!!!
one in 20 of the people in the world was born in the US. Luis Navarro
Hahahaha thanks for blowing up my notifications. <3
i wonder if i should start on my homework!?
": i don't really see myself as short tho, im like smedium height"...Lol!! I'm going to use that
As long as no cats are harmed. ;) RT My cat is doing a nice job of keeping my lap warm, but my hands are cold. Cat mittens???
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. -Alice Walker
I'm having a #Firefly marathon tonight! Nothing like a little space exploration in western-ish outfits to make the day seem better.
you at Balmar tonight or is that saturday?
Wobegon... ARE you OUT THERE??? Watch out kids... He may give you a ticket!
Man... I'm tired of working to pay bills!!
Not sure! Things are definitely different than they were in 2004 than they are now though!
MWC champs! Win win win. Cut down nets
I disappeared for a couple days. My buddy sent me an Xbox 360 and it came on Wednesday so I've been playing/setting up all that fun stuff!!
omg!! My night has been made thanks to ! ❤ thank you! :)
Just put in a application at Publix too!!!(:
forgot to tell you that u look fabulous in the music video!
Do you have analytics set up on your salon website to make sure you can track the results of your web strategy? Its easy to learn and use!
Yes! Pocket Full of Rye has people getting it on WHILE SMOKING. I forget which is the lesbian one, but def. wasn't in the book.
Follow my nigga he tweet that real shit
He's another Syracuse guy? How is that possible?
Some yawl women's eyebrows be scaring me
lol, I'll have to check my score then! Haha Really?!
y do i always fall for yur type ?
missed pretty little liars... :o
Once the sun sets come downstairs for some trivia. Free and great prizes!
Is everyone switching from blueberry to pumpkin muffins?
Did anyone see Byrd's cookies on ?? Check out their exclusive Mother's Day deal on !
yes Welcome!
i know u clocked out lol
Hehad essayed to walk along the trunk of a fallen pine
Need to talk to you about payment.
That awkward moment when you realize you didn't get a bagful of white chocolate dipped oreo's....
Land of not surprising: faculty use Google Images more than ArtStor, despite advantages of latter
Just returned from a lovely meal with my mother... Now, hits from the Degabong.
yeah but haymitch is in his 40s. Finding a 20-something haymitch would be perfect
i think i did it right can u see it if u go on my profile??
On my way Beantown! I should be on the ground in 3 hours. Still not at the ORD though, hopefully security is fast
He's a calmer, nicer Pierce Morgan! “: I've NEVER been a Howard Stern fan but I'm enjoying him on Americas got talent. Weird.”
Dear student, when you say "An example of a robbery is when you rob someone" you are not really answering the question.
What a beautiful Morn'in!
"Believe in your goal"
We are short by one runner by the way. If anyone is interested, let me know. Target pace ~ 7 min/mile.
DONT FALL ASLEEP. I NEED YOU. <333
that didn't work so im just gonna copy and paste the link
The required 2-hr online training for organization leaders (pwrpoint WITH audio that can't be skipped) has sapped me of my will to live.
New App Coming called Jackpot Balls in June. Top Stars sign with Crown Games. Arlene Bruce BC Lions Star will be on the New Apple App..
steve Walsh, supplement mistake turned success by the draft genius jimmyjohnson
Have a Great Holiday " ...and God Bless Us....every one !!"
please follow me I love your show so much your such a great actress and singer!!!
Great video!!
RT : The things that some girls wear nowadays.... .___.
will have to check it out.. there is never enough inspiration to be happy in this world.. :)
Its WooHoo Wednesday! What steps are you taking towards your health and fitness goals this week?
haha I told everyone @ school, sent out a mass txt & 3 Fb posts 4 everyone 2 wear red tomorrow! Everyone knows its ur bday! :P
these stones that have seen tough times are held together by the mason's mortar - it too appears weathered - but is holding fast
I mean seriously THANK GOD I live in the future. Pocket computers and 3-D printer,s I love you.
20 C. right now, supposed to get to 26 C. this afternoon.
Charles & Baltimore today 11-2 stop by for your last chance this week for a great lunch
people are tweeting bad memories now
I wrote a spec about P&R and sent it to a writer who writes for Comedy Central and he said "Funniest Spec he has ever read!
New droid tomorrooo. Since my droid now is half broken
it's like $15,000. It might be shown at the NAB show. Attending that next week. I'll let you know what they say.
Happy Hour countdown...60 minutes on the East, 120 minutes for the Mid-West, 180 minutes on the West (sorry West Coast!)
I had hoped that would take a hint from Jesus and make his appearance today. But no. Ah well, Happy Easter!!!
Beautiful morning run around Lady Bird Lake. Great to see tons of people out enjoying our downtown trails. Now off to go vote for
Nice overhang
My mom has to be the stupidest bitch on this planet her day consist of messing up my mood
RT Tune in tonight on BET watch & debut Hurt Somebody the new hit single by Album #Stadium out soon
You can do the indoor table, too! We know it is already HOT! ;)
I'm going to throw up
There's enough ticky-tack at the New Garden tonight to decorate an entire set of elementary school classrooms.
Merry Chistmas Twitter Fam. Enjoy and God bless :-)
Begin each day as if it were on purpose. ~Author Unknown
Taught a bartender with 20 years experience a new drink, clover club.
pm him at i4i
Is really playing Teddy P?!
TURN AROUND FOR 5MINUTES 7 I GOT LIKE 1000 SOMETHING NEW TWEETS.
": I seriously doubt Kate dies...maybe she will become the next Police Chief #castle" this sounds good to me. Thanks 4 the hope!
Rosen recommends Labor Heritage Assn for organizing workers in NM
should i give up on making u notice meh? be cuz i seem invisible to u:((((
After school poops >>>>
Transition into Unicode for East Asian studies was messy (esp. in Japan); glad to be done with that
The only reason for us losing is being distracted by that awful orange filled arena. My eyes are bleeding.
Happy Veterans Day everybody and Happy 11/11/11.
I know you still have feelings for your gf but I really do like you <3I like your smile <3 hope you feel the same way
Just pared down my LinkedIn connections. My view: if I don't know who they are, why did I ever connect to them? No value for either of us.
Luke C. Moore students are working on a zine that aims to improve the community perspective of LCM students through artwork.
"$ is necessary but not sufficient" says - couldn't agree more, Mr. Mayor. We need smart, strategic reforms
unknown as we are taking it on the road. Our first performance of it will be soon at a gallery here in Havover, so probably
BLESS YOU ANTHONY!
Model # BC-105 D L - Ladies 26" Extended Deluxe Beach Cruiser. Color:Pearl White with Red Wheels
Ready for the future. I Have a couple of projects that I'm working on. check out www.wolfeyedesigns.com and sign up for the rss feed.
Melchior De Polignac~ To err is human.
#InMiddleSchool i was a
I believe you are absolutely correct about the Disarray of the World,as long as WE are in disarray.We are the original people
Just received a VIP invite...to grand opening of men's apparel store where sizing begins at XL. I'll now be having celery sticks for dinner.
"..You Boo Rip Oliver but where I come from Rip Oliver is a Real Dude!" Ric Flair 5/14/83. part of classic PDX Wrestling DVD's i just got!!
will you please follow me please please please :)
Let us know if you have any questions at all
Happy B-Day to !
Eating anything other than CURRIED'S CURRY just does not make sense!!!
Plan on it RT : oh you like 's tweets, pleas retweet all of them for the rest of us
That was funny hahaha
Sounds yummy. CCF (Cheese Cake Factory) was okay. The main course filled me up so no cheese cake
fuck u pay me
Duals were pretty good yesterday, not a lot of passing! Danica got knocked into the wall (hard hit) Weather is great!!!!
Isn't it just a winter wonderland out here in Hillsboro?
#5 more days until
feelings!!! ugh. gross. just gunna push those away again and pretend they aren't there :)
what's night market?
I love your WSJ column Jason. I read it every Monday. Your Charlie Weis take was hysterical. Thanks for the laughs.
I always see Simpson kids at North Point mall. It's cool
Ok #twitter world I need your thoughts.Who does the Packers keep or cut?
that's what I thought 2, but #Drake bringing them back. :)
disappointed they were working at Walgreens was what the look was about.
um the crackle, O2 and a nail polish
RT : where are the autocorrect poems? surely it's the next Flarf - call the movement Autocorrect Porns or Autoimmune Puns
it's tomorrow on the HCC sw campus (:
A woman stopped me and asked to borrow my sunscreen. She thought I'd have some b/c I'm just THAT pale. I gave her my SPF 70
sure thing, babe RT : I wanna hear Dolphin Dance at the #SundayJazzLounge kthxbye
Wow, can't believe it's already September...
Thanks! You'll be here next year! :)
I know this really is our year for transformation! God has prepared our hearts and we're going after it!
trying to get the cemetery map?
back in georgia. i enjoyed meeting all u other ce folks at #cefjm2011. it was great hearing all the things y'all r doing!
2day @ noon (PST) there's an online training. Join by responding or email
Six penny whistles as giants. One oboe as Jack. Bass Clarinet as beanstalk.
I think fast five is the worse movie to watch in a week before my drivers exam =P.
what are you doing tomorrow, keewey? (:
Happy PIE DAY? Who's having a slice or two? ...or 3.14
Free Spirit
Follow me Please (; !
And what top secret program would ever print t-shirts, complete with location and project name? But still an enjoyable episode.
Watch and listen as Joe Hite performs on the piano , tonight and tomorrow at 9pm.
Aww, Mikey, calm down, buddy.
good morning. And yes it's 7 here..-.-
Mikey Here > any body want to wake up at 4:30 am this Saturday morning and run for 5 hours? About 15-20 miles?
I have had the music I like on LOUD all afternoon. I've also been singing at the top of lungs, wildly offkey. Nobody here to care.
Wow what a nice day great day to bne outside
What time will u b Home?
good to hear! You look beautiful in your profile pic.
Addicting show! Love that this episode is being filmed in Boston.
the oldest AfroAm sorority is here at #EmpowermentCongress !
Thanks Megan. Great job in English class today. “: >>> any other principal”
This getting dark at 5:30 thing really sucks!
don't do it dear. rots the brain. read a good book or watch a better movie
that video made me literatly cry. it upsets me so much knowing tht he gets tht from people :/
Them other hoes be wishing that they had them boomerangs but they got them frisbees !
We are excited. We are on our way up to summer camp! We are visiting the camp we hold for children with
In February, EBSCO eliminated all fees and just charges the publishers recommended price for ebooks.
Pre Order Thomas Friedman's "That used to be us" via your Kindle reader (free) and save $10 and save a tree and understand saving USA
do we need an all-night bro night to get back out gaming skillz and pwn some noobs???
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart.
thanks for signing up ! don't forget to start a discussion on the discussion boards, we'd love to hear more about you!
you own a car?!?! I thought you just biked places.
in August
I miss him a lot right now ):
As Stephanie Tanner would say, "How rude!"
Yellow Pages turns over a new leaf - WalesOnline
Paula Rubio and
girl at hme n pain... My mouth is killin me
Yeah buddy! has a #moombah tune on their up coming EP.
hi is there a schedule M anymore for Making Work Pay?
Tonight better be fun, freetime... ;)
Thats a smart move...I should do that...cuz unless I get a new case, my phone will break...
Heeyyy Steve (waving my hand) 👋✋👋
Dude at the concert last night In "Be prepared." Lol and we were singing "UH" I was laughing so hard
96 more days.... Wow time flies.
A really good "bassline" will connect with almost everybody...BOOM!...BOOM!!....BOOM!!!
okay(; love you too.<3
do you realize how good you are at puns? #youaremovement holla.
okay sounds good..give me a little while to work outside while there is sun here. :)
You must want a ?
STILL can't access your site due to MySQL error.
The song was appropriate!
Rush hour traffic with a puppy in the car is probly the worst thing that's ever happened in my life
no, I'm not a fan of your super grunged HDR of your Subaru forester in your driveway. even with the sunset backdrop
the world is a SMALL place
webinar with and is starting now! Feel free to use #ContentQs for all questions
Really mad at myself for not getting into sooner! So inspiring, real, and hilarious! I am now an
Im truly flattered that your eyes graced the likes of my blog! Are you free tomorrow, friday or saturday to Skype?
you too, dig your work, keep the good stuff coming!
Nice. Picked up that pennant & a car decal at Walgreens. like three bucks.
Damn it QPR play defense!!!!!
Fennimore brings in Kane Klais from third base to pitch. He strikes out Nick Mohlmann for the second out.
We women use it as an excuse to eat anything (and everything)
Have you texted your vote for the Indy Reads Glove yet today? If not get those fingers movin! Text READS to 86132
My carpet smells amazing. Good night.
the three stooges movie looks hilarious! i had no idea that the guy from will and grace was in it!
SCANNER: Rollover at Aurora Parkway & Orchard Road in SE Aurora. Rescuers en route.
that's cheating if they wear sandels they need to do it bare footed lol
Sun screen in the eye. FML. Not gonna let it put a damper on the day though.
I, yes I, am the one who comforts you. So why are you afraid of mere humans, who wither like the grass and disappear? Is. 51:12...
#Triathlon. It's a
- you're amazing! What a good person. Sac will miss you!
We have over 1200 beers it's so hard to pick just one favorite #beer!
Not that I know of! But how come everyone else gets to invent holidays and say when we celebrate?! Why not us!
noo i can't miss school:( okay tomorrows the last day you'll see me before braces hahaha
No video?
lookin' good Mat and fan! Go get'm today!
Researcher using an iPad to copy documents - may be a first for us.
Seeking a Ford Focus in WV --hard to come by. Make more please :)
Love is like being at the top of the Ferris Wheel all the time ~ Lori
Couldn't pass up the opportunity to have the word "siiimbaa" pass through your mind in Jay's voice.
Thank You!! ": Thanks for following!"
YOUR NOT A FUCKING GOD. YOUR GOING TO EAT KFC AND BURGER KING ON CARDBOARD BOXES AND NO ONE IS GOING TO GIVE A SHIT ABOUT YOU
Lottie's is open til midnight for those with nowhere to go. Kitchen elves are off tonight, food menu is limited.
Berlin is really pretty intuitive (O
i smell
Don't worry about people who aint worried about you
I talked to my parents &they said I can donate some of my money to help the ! It Feels good.
This is impossible to do when we are filled with worry. Explanation of St. Luke
The co-founder of the Free Gaza Movement Greta Berlin & Talia Shulman Gold (CAMERA) Wed April 13th 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
I need to post more on #facebook haha
then again some men are self aware to a fault. Much to their own detriment Woman seem to dislike truth in men #
It's scary how satisfying this is.
Lets go heat and orioles
God's grace is sufficient!!
fan-freaking-tastic. Just managed to spill a whole cup of Vietnamese hot sauce all over my Property outline. #iswearit'snotblood!
“: Buddy boy RT : Morning people”<~~ Leh'Go
love you morreeeee! 
Sex? No thanks. My life fucks me everyday. 2 summons
Whoa!!!. hey . I have vids pics and all type of chit soon coming from the last couple shows. I hope you are doing good. :)
Being able to get a tan on while in my room >>>
Had a boring night
Stopped at a gas station for a quick snack. Resisted the doritos and bought oranges and apples. So proud of me. lol
I'm watching "My Teen Would Never Do That" but they totally would!
On it! The #MSPSMT is on a mission ;-)
I can't bealive people are actually getting in trouble for the App I'd cap that.
My boyfriend snapped a shot of this at AAM. I just LOVE it!
Good morning
I had no idea that I had a wave.
I received the proof and am in the process of going over it. Should still be on schedule for the July 31st release. Woot! So exciting.
I would never have guessed, mainly because I am too obtuse to figure out what it means!
Tonight we pick up a World Series Game 1 Winner on the Cards...
If you want this Bemis, well God make Bem and Bem will kick your ass.
Life can be art if we arrange it that way!
I got a big interview today & a prayer would really mean a lot
We just shipped out a unique and fun prop for a client in Canada: a 12' x 12' smiley face that will be placed on the front of their building
“: Short People – God only lets things grow until they are perfect. Some of us didn’t take as long as others!!!”. <3 it!
So wish my body didnt reject piercings I want my lip pierced... :(
No; I started it once and gave up after about 10 pages. I seem to remember it having very dense stream of consciousness.
kim jong eel for all
I thought they stopped serving breakfast at 11.
or invite me over to your house! Spankings will be there
lmfao go home
I gotcha
What ya niggas know bout that snow grind?! Jeezle!
Some old guy knows how everyone's bag should go in the overhead. MKE tarmac flight nw205.
totally agree.
Driving home from Hennesseys, buzzed and exhausted from an epic night of beer pong...pics up tomorrow. Focker OUT
I'm about to put a colt 45 1911 to this phone if it auto corrects me one more time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Celebration time at C+S offices! We've been awarded 2 Silver Anvil Awards for community relations and issue mgmt through
haha okay so talk to you tomorrow?? LOL
“: shill shill shill RT : Santorum: whine, whine, whine.”
Anyone have any creative German grilling recipes?
My throat hurts :(
we're 9 away from 150! thank you guys so much c:
Congrats to Barack for being selected for this year's "Dancing With The Stars"!!!!! All that dancing will hurt his golf game.
yeah for sure. Today they had this "Survive the Zombies" shooting training where they train you for when Zombies takeover.
THANKS FOR FOLLOW,ALL BLUE MARTINI EMPLOYEES SPECIAL SPECIAL DISCOUNTS! MENTION BLUE MARTINI GET DISCOUNTS ON ALL PURCHASES
I love that movie it's just wow
Don't forget your mom this Mother's Day! Maybe get her some roses? M Hmm.
My favorite Presidents are JFK Jr and LBJ. Every other President after that systematically targeted minorites with their policies.
CARanimalreliefGet ready for another show from www.blogtalkradio.com/creat... starting in about 20 minutes todays subject.. Nutrition
Want your products/services in front of our hundreds of event attendees? No problem: Become an event sponsor to snag a booth space!
love you too boo boo <3 i know youd do the same for me (:
awww happy valentines day, love!! <3
I'm back and today is going to rain the whole day! :D I love that I'm going to eat and after that going to the patio to lay on the grass (:
dont let me catch you with ya fanga in my sugar bowl
Let's hope Terps go for 2 if they score here! Fear the Turtle
Thank you! :)
hey guess what, YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!! <333 :)
idk I feel like wearing that one to Catherine's birthday
We want to know what are some of your favorite spots to visit in Atlanta? Restaurants, lounges, clubs, bars, parks, etc..
What course is included in the complementary trial? Crisis Counseling
Sounds yummy, Will be testing recipes.
Where's my brother though?! o.0
time to get something else on the menu. Labor needs to be served.
lesbians should not be allowed to buy dildos... you made your choice
burned 78 calories doing 15 minutes of "Stationary bike, light effort (bicycling, cycling, biking)"
all we did was walk around and eat shit lmao!
ONE DIRECTION
just heard this on the radio, so sad!
I'm afraid I ha to unfollow u
Do I make that move to In N Out or what?
lmfbo it's okay 😂😂
Great to see you!
LOVE!! Such faithful friends~ ;)
Rough night to be a Bulls Fan
you can say some real cold shit, but if you sound lame sayin it, ain't nobody gon wanna hear it, thats why Fabolous suck to me lol
Meanwhile, Washoe County officials have blasted the firefighters union as part of the reason its leaving the Reno Fire Department.
Happy 4 year anniversary of dropping 102 in the Barnstorming Tour!!!
Yikes. If you ever have kids then they will likely be Red Sox and/or Braves fans. Civil war.
I believe that data, alone, does little to improve tchg & learning. It's what educators DO with that data that impacts tchg & learning.
b-positive. :D
Planet Tennis: Well Duh.If Ur focus is pro comp most clubs/resorts r waste of time & money.Take recommendations from top fifty.F#%* the rest
I wanted to incorporate some of your products for advert
Congrats. Sorry I didn't text you back saturday, I had just finished moving and I didn't see it till yesterday.
no idea lmaooo
C/J could be going pay because advertisers don't wanna pay their rates and/or not impressed with their hit numbers.
Working on , Bus Law, and Org Change. Thursdays are the best
Happy Friday my fellow Tweethearts!!!
yes we all do
I LOVE going to Hardberger Park. Ever head there?
Happy Birthday, Irving Berlin!
Guys stop spamming Bailey, he's new to twitter and he might be confused on what is going on. The last thing he needs is a spam.
watching tye basketball game GO CELTICS!!!
It must be a great feeling knowing how loved you are everywhere!
#Blackparentsquotes you better be in the house before those street lights come off!
They seem real time for me... try refreshing your browser rather than waiting for Twitter???
BIDEN loudly states: My Mother eats JUST AS MUCH as a RICH GUY!
Can't sleep. AGAIN.
He will save the steam for when...er, "if" Lebron ever wins a ring. MVP's sans a ring means very little.
Man I miss that view from Alki!
record conversations and pretend they talked to the person you had a real conversation with by repeating some little comment.
finally made it to the meat market district
takes deep breath no
John Henry has closed door meeting with BobbyV after the game
RT cool “: Watching American Dad”
dear stranger who just let your dog take a shit in my front yard, thanks for that.
Was gonna reply with "I wanna be on you", but that seemed wildly inappropriate. Wait, let me start over...I wanna be on you
Happy Friday! Come in for a therapeutic massage to get your weekend started off right. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon
Had a great audition with BET. Fingers crossed and prayers being said!
Guys, don't feel left out this #MothersDay, bring her to - the menu includes biscuits&gravy, CountryOmelets, porkchops & more
McCoy gets sacked, and then an incompletion to end the game. At least they didn't stop fighting. McCoy next week, pls.
Beer connoisseur? What are your thoughts on Franzikaner?
RT : #sagaftra #oneunion I voted yes. Did you? Will you? Your ballots MUST be received by March 30 to be counted. What r u...
No!!!!!!!! Last day for interns Mina Vu and Sonya Rahrow. Our loss is your gain. Hiring?
i kno how u feel........ all u need is a big ass tylenol
It took me a minute, but I finally worked out what you were saying. So...thanks, man.
Best HP quote! “: "Such a beautiful place to be with friends... Dobby is happy to be with his friend Harry Potter." Sniff!
What time are the numbers being called? I plan on finding out on Twitter.
There's something uniquely charming about editing photos by candle light. Thanks, Tropical Storm Lee. This is actually lovely.
“RFT : It's funny how I'm a type of person who never accepts compliments, but believes every insult.”
my good friend is on the juice right now... And I just don't get the appeal of it. Why does a guy need to be super ripped?
By the time summer ends I am going to be one tatted bitch... Lol I'm addicted what can I say!... Tattoo's is the art to me...
I love v-necks.
At one point, I was trying to figure out which tribes used "digitalize" and which "digitize" but no conclusions.
I can see Mt Baker to the north and rainier to the south, both in alpenglow
The show "weeds" is dope.
It's really hard for me to appreciate/like a cover artist who sings songs that I really love and doesn't do as good a job as the original
#funfacts about #teeth: Ancient Greeks were the first to invent dental pliers. www.kravitzdental.com.
We open in one week! #Popstars, #BFFs, #meangirls,#thedevil, #boys and #candy - BE THERE! www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
Just had the best night I've experienced in months. Saturday nights just keep getting better lately.
looks like dirk!!!
It is time to think about joining one of our FUN-filled Spring leagues and be eligible to win $50,000.
If Sarah Palin and the Tea Party Clan want a Revolution - bring it on! Cons aren't the only ones with fight in 'em!
yeah, I'm hoping I can figure something out.
And she did a wonderful job. Meeting Orly and that panel was one of the highlights of our trip.
After two months of coffee, even #illy tastes disgusting.
Happy 17th birthday :)))
hahaha yeah she's there I'm at work
I love you please follow or retweet me (;
RT : Find out how you can enter to win a $25 gift card to AND sign up for the free Patch newsletter!...
it's easy to do when it's good stuff!
okay I'll make that when I get home :) what should we call it?? "The best screening ever"
99.9% certain they're moving to ANAHEIM...of all places.
nowadays im the young grasshopper
1. I like dick
Dang...just discovered a new place to post online...Reddit. wonder what this is about. :-)
Vindication-Lord-I'd like a BIG order of that please, I'm in complete Obedience with You & Kingdom things-Help the Blind to see-Yes even Me!
Didn't see it!
Wow..I'm actually cooking
which art history are you in...
i am just fine. how about you?
what about my bf ?
Just asked myself the same thing RT : Third overtime how come i havent been watching this all night?
RT : Snooki is so short and orange she works part-time as a traffic cone... ROTFL!
I follow back! So yeah ;)
When I was a child my mother asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I said “A Magician”. She said “You can’t do both”.
Got a problem with me? I’m pretty sure a status on Facebook won’t fix it.
I'll be presenting about Truth in Lending Act and other foreclosure defenses to Mortgage Defense Attorneys of IL 2/28 in Chicago
hahaha...Favre will be glad to know he's still talked about... :-)
Anyone built a firemikesmith website yet?
Breaking out the pom-poms and heading over to SDSU in the a.m. for a mini Pep Rally !
you mean Virginia
Went to the eye doctor and got a new prescription of contacts. Now looks even more beautiful than before.
Idc Wat no one say my mind can cheer u up if u follow me lol
by lifetime do u mean year?
bat seem to be a problem!!!
Just finished my daily 10 mile run. 60 min 13 sec. Pretty poor effort.
Gold on the Ceiling
Julian-Yellow oh and Jared-Green
Mockingbird station now, Knox-Henderson next stop.
Repeat after me: Team is everything.
it's the 80s song-train of thought not running parallel to tweet. Thought KP hot/cold 1st before the 80s-all in 30sec lol
What's your favorite walking and/or running shoe?
EEk. I hope the healing process is swift.
Have a Philippians 2:14 kind of day. "Do everything w/o grumbling or arguing" - That delay in traffic could be keeping you from an accident.
#celebratethemovies Airplane! came out when we were in high school and my friends and I laughed non-stop.
Watching on Austin and Ally right now..And then I get to see in May! :D
Jack it's only Thursday tom. Boo
Jose Bautista tenth home run in ten career games at Target Field...
Doing well! and you?
We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further. - Richard Dawkins
": Bob & Renee Parsons are amazing people. I thoroughly enjoyed interviewing them for a video today. (Bob is GoDaddy founder)
Brittany in here listening to radio rap. Out loud.
DELISH! RT: Want to try the *new* CLIF BAR seasonal flavor Peppermint Stick? We've got 5,000 bars to new/current [U.S.] followers!
roger espinaca cheese dip
Ah, the good old writing fugue.
I was runnin in circles I hurt myself just to find my purpose everything was so worthless I didn't deserve this but to me you were perfect
what!!! Q! Find my PBR girl in BK And wear the hat!
Gary Johnson didn't miss much in this debate. Maybe he should tweet more stuff and make the rounds on news shows once more.
it's on it's way shawtys.
thanks for the follow!
I just signed up. I like Node a lot when it's the right tool for the job. You should go. And too.
#trashyourextuesday He pulled the emergency brake while I was driving 70 mph because he got mad. We could have died because we spun around.
Happy Birthday my friend! May the new year bring you nothing but blessing!
Finally my trader joes has #avocados form Cali! Paying more for them than at home, but it's worth it. I'm an avo snob
Electric Daisy Carnival is just a few days away, this week is going to blow by so fast!
Allow me a moment to sing the praises of for telling me about Notepad++.
wouldn't it be great if you had so much money you could muck a winner in a 100k pot to spite someone else's 3k propbet? :)
can't decide if it's a cricket or someone's phone alert..,
My last RT is a perfect example of why Dan reminds me of a puppy (:
He is cute most of the time. Other times he is a complete, total, pain in my ass.
Happy Kwanzaa everybody.
Good call re a photoclub! Any you recommend?
Man,, I don't downgrade.. I'm not stupid, maybe I'm too smart.. So enjoy it.. "chekk"
This is a first: On the plane and now they're checking everybody's ID... Flight is NOT gonna be on time.
Sleep has eluded me several nights. Really anxious for school to be out & hope to have a relaxing summer...
This weekend WHOOOOAAAW ! let's get it
my dream will come true if you follow or tweet me :))
“: Jenelle just told me Keiffer is better and better looking than me. Who's laughing with me?” too funny
Going to the Lake Union District Council tonight. Looking forward to hearing what people have to say!
I never leave the house without applying foundation.
Electronic resources you didn't know existed: The Handbook of
Can they please stop showing that damn David Tyree catch!
Multiply 2 times 1, subtract it by 2, that's how many fucks are given about you . ┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐
That's why I haven't touched it since October. I'm gonna get it this time :)
Do your best to weed out the ones who are genuinely interested from those who are treating it as a…
15 minutes goes by very slowly when waiting for a sandwich...
Hi Linda! Long time no talk.
please don't use the head or chair or the person in front of you as a handle when you want to get up
funniest tweet I've read in a while. Miss ya Timmy! Alanis car jam this summer please?
8 days left of school..
You know you love someone when you try to convince yourself that you don't.
Beware the Ides of May!
I heard you're a player. Nice to meet you, I'm the coach.
same back. We both need wins tomorrow.
It's a good apartment because they allow pets
WELL STATED on She contributes nothing, spreads hatred and incites fear. Makes #USA look infantile.
Flourless Chocolate Cake tonight at our Balboa Park location! Served with our Coconut Creamsicle Ice Cream! Yum!
What up B? Fight Saturday, I know you will be watching!
Thanks! Ok, I think that's it for today! :)
March 10 is the last indoor market with the outdoor opening May 19th
Good one! Waiting for the green flag too! RT : Quitting time I can"t get out of here Fazzt enough and start my weekend!
The Google search page today features Robert Doisneau, a fantastic people and street Photographer. He used a Leica, and used it well.
Spread the word of our Small Ministry Helping Abused Children. We need all the good help we can get. Kiss your Kids-make e;m Smile for us
“: You can never have enough donuts.” tell that to my stomach
Exciting bottom of the 6th! A double by Bando drove in Santomauro, and Anderson just hit a 2-run homer! Up 7-2!!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been nice all season up until now with this questionable loss
Hurray new apartment!
oh man. This is awkward. You'll get your clothes back soon :)
hey guys. tell walter i said happy birthday, hope it was awsome :)
The path to happiness is forgiveness of everyone and gratitude for everything. - Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Does anyone else feel awkward topping a muscle dude? Feels good in a way, but weird too..if that makes sense?
If I was being judged for what I did at 16-17, I would have no friends, no wife and be homeless.
falling apart in little pieces
Cherry Republic founder Bob Sutherland talking about humble beginings becoming great things. #LoveGlennArbor!
Read some of Treasure Yourself at the bookstore...good stuff, girl. :)
im deff across the classroom lol , do yur work over there !! (:
got it. Sorry for my misunderstanding.
« That awkward moment when you post a status and no one likes it, so you end up deleting it.»
oh my god i love you so much
Let us know how it was! So glad to have a new spot to eat on the west end of the
RT : "One of John Lackey's major disadvantages is not being good at #baseball."
My bitch aint got no tat's ~
i went a whole wk when i went to the bahamas this summer no comp either, but i stayed so busy i didnt miss it
some shit for lifting to much or some shit
worst pool ever. Oscars here I come!
#fridaylistens finished Caleb's Crossing by Brooks and started Brava, Valentine by Trigiani
Damn....I'm hungry.
work sent me home early!!! It's a #shocation but unfortunately i'm
My bestfriend automatically cheers me up
are you sick or some thing :/ ? and well I'm ok and wait is it because you're moving right :/ ?
It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy. ---Lucille Ball
Whats happening to kobe????
Woo Hoo!! Someone famous is following me.
omg. That is beyond awesome!!!!!
hope so too!!
That Ohio drawing is the best! Who did it?
sorry to learn what happened; hope no permanent damage, and you make swift recovery…
Keep his teammates from banging his mom!! RT : Grow a full head of hair!!!!!! RT : LeBron can't do what?
Another case, my girlfriend and I went to see your show but we went into the SHOWROOM. What a wonderful surprise.
if you #love #bread, then check out our LoveBread! Its basically the vitamin water of bread and proceeds go to helping poverty!
Happy Valentine's Day you sweet thing!
Drunk in my telly alone....fenna hit da sheets night
Should We Donate Money to KONY 2012?
‎"Resist our tendencies to make right or true that which is merely familiar and wrong or false that which is only strange."
oh boohoo I had mono for 2 months and I was still on school.. GET YO BUTT IN SCHOOL.
Sorry about that last tweet. I ran out of characters. It's supposed to be your fav BTR Guy.
“: We are more than flyover country.” That's the truth!
We can arrange this as long as you don't bring all 71K of your followers.
Portland selects two Democrat professional politicians in Primary to run for Mayor! We need to stop voting for professional politicians!
Dang fam!! Lol. Where you headed to?
turned it off
My daddy erks me when he makes me turn my music down &' he got the car music blasting -_______-
Sweet! I'm so proud of the great work our teachers R doing. We have some remarkable teacher leaders in the
staff/volunteers are so swift & friendly during check in & registration. Glad we could sponsor the registration area!
like the new background and twitter profile picture.
Cheese Cake Factory In a Few With Da Fam So Happy :)
My Last Retweet Is The Story Of My Life!
Monitoring Fermilab severe weather conference with Bjork song "Storm" stuck in my head. It's sad how much a Bjork fan I've become.
take what you want & want what you take.
its so goo! the girl with asbergers never sings lol
I'm getting married in July, Manny!! 
Particulalry when the Brown-Forman or Bacardi archivist are there!
lol trust I know
Get real, #4. 'Cause I love having friends. And I love getting to know people. But you've shown yourself to be a soul-sucker, not a person.
ah wha??? u got me that? for realls? :)
A question came up for after her kickoff session, and Molly gave some details. You watching today John?
Happy Mothers day to all the #Pisces Mothers n mothers of a #Pisces. My MOM has given a GIFT to this world the day she had me
It's not too late... #Duke comeback now
Monday ; wake up ; smoke up ; work on a full #BOPPO! line for Summer 2012 ; hit the streets for some shredding!
so sick of this
Will we burn inside the fires of a thousand Suns...
Wade choked too, but seeing as Lebron tattoed "The Chosen One"on himself/calls self King, I'm gonna expect a lil more from him
Like Nando's
just had an amazing dinner at , everything was fantastic!
Hey was looking to talk business with guys. Tweet me back if you wanna discuss business! Thanks =)
I refuse to sit around & wait on you while I could be out scouting for new talent! Lol
you are absolutely right!!!
your teeth look great :)
: Omg coldstone called me for an interview!! --- Nice!
Instead of "going #commando" you should start calling it going "Kozmando." You're welcome.
#ThingsMyMotherSays TEXT ME!
New background ;)
good morning, and how is the lovely desiree today
Guys... Why are you soo hard too read / :
#yeahrightjose RT I know all ;P RT : Who knows anything really.
...I gotta talk to you
#FiftyShadesofGrey Anastasia should have listened #Rihanna S&M before entering the Play Room. It would've sweetened the deal.
LMAO you call that normal ? Omg his to cute! <3
Successfully employing the "private Twitter list" strategy for reducing noise. Here's to Lent and kind of fasting.
Grandma's Unofficial 85th birthday /
Hollywood Bowl tonight with my little Bubu. Ah......
My phone all day >>>>
Sour Gummy Octopuses are soo good!
Happy Easter!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward too your music!! <3
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Symphony Crack show last night! Had a blast!
For once, i just want someone to care about me and my feelings for a change.
singing I need you tonight by BSB doesn't fix your problems how ever it fixes your soul!!!
You mean you're not going by Unicorn Ninja anymore?
Well we doubled our short lines this morning. Opened positions on Friday afternoon. Should be hedged or short now
Cause you need, you really need, and after, that everything gonna be fine.
Every morning I roll over and check my cell phone first
Discover Card will match every dollar AGAIN for the next 3 minutes!! call now - 602-277-3003!
It's a regular thing now- see you NEXT Friday! ; )
Luna Referendum Defense Fund, i.e. teacher pay backfill: so no need for Kestrel West to mount campaign?
pussy talking pussy talk
I was convinced that nothing on TV could ever compete with "The Wire." Well, "Justified" might be in the ballpark.
yeah I bailed her butt out. No never been on a plane. I always drive. Scared the plane will go down...lol
5% of college students in 2008 were black men. Yet, black men were incarcerated more than any other group—6.5x the rate of white males.
Catching up on last week's #SNL. "I'm Twitter famous." Meaning??? "Not famous." LOL
(3) $250 grants available for GA library parapros to attend GaCOMO in Macon on Oct 3-5. Hit me up for the app and recommendation forms.
Row five behind the on deck circle and Attanasio again, nbd
Until my island trip tommorow, I get to sip a deep roast Mt. Meru coffee on the world's slowest internet connection in downtown Entebbe
Why is the bracelet ceremony guy yelling at us?
Just told my 4yo to get a grip of himself as he was crying b/c of yet another ouchie. I win at parenting!
PLEASE FOLLOW ! So nice! She needs more followers! Please follow her! :]
The boro is so boring
My brother thought it would be funny to hang all my bras on a tree in our backyard. #good one cj
I get more confused when I pay attention in Spanish class
Friday will be the day of our return if all works out well, be on the look out Thur...
Enjoy your island but remember to come home. I miss you!
What are your thoughts on Jordan Hill? Do you think he is for real - chance of breakout?
yeah well my Friday night was real exciting. Just to give you an idea I was asleep by the time u sent that tweet. Ha
so, aside from the very real possibility of the game being rendered unplayable in the blink of an eye without warning?
you wouldnt understand
1/2 price on select bottles of wine all week!
is doing an AwESOME seminar. GO GO GO. Did I mention that you should GO!!!!!!!!!!
Ask Chin Strap isn't he a Dub Stub queen?
“: Who watched the show tonight?(:” I did(: It made my day SO much better!!<33 #Thanks #ImAlexsGirl ;)
Hello and Happy Tuesday! I sent the flyer to your Bowling Frame email address and I also left you a question. Thanks much!
Ah!! CRAP.. I thought it was Friday..
I won't be telling my grandkids what I could've been, but instead will be sharing all that I accomplished as inspiration for them 2 do more!
It was an honor to speak last night in the #SIBAW class at #DukeUniversity. Thanks to the students and to , Tim and Mary. Wow.
Hi Chris! We're so sorry we missed your tweet! For the future, we unfortunately don't take lane reservations but we book parties!
Looks like he's smiling?
all depending on what you have to say! Quality!
lol... Not mad at the plug at all.. Lol!!
I can tell! Lol
Make sure to sign the #SaveBFF petition since took it off the air...
Good Luck!
so does this mean that you are playing Carrie ?
Never met but this St Pattys shot goes to him...for his efforts to get our troops the hell outa there & safely home...Slange!
Is it too early to talking Rookie of the Year possibilities for Cozart?
Woohoo for graduation! That is definitely something to happy dance for, even if you're back to the books in a month.
1000x thanks to Sens. and for helping to defeat the #KeystoneXL pipeline.
what a great twitter idea! Will follow you back. Thanks for following me!
Love is one of the strongest forces in the world! Every body want it but don't know how to get it
This is not the day to hate on Mexicans.
Do you own an incredible Service or Therapy Animal? Send us your picture and tell us your story about your animal @ www.crtasa.blogspot.com
a dramatic difference in the play this game from the last.. we no longer fear the paint.... good call carlisle
any ideas of how NOT to fall as much??? And could you follow me? Please!!!
Golden St is like an AAU team!!
good luck Trev
followed, follow back!
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham & cheese on sourdough.....served with a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili is 50 cents extra
I watched bout dat 2 but on youtube lol
#fatasstweet lol RT": and eat!! That's what I'm more worried about lol"
We're proud of you, you're inspirational...show C who's the boss!
oh wow how do u kno this
Lynden, Washington, USA :)
omg wow
ugh! so ready to go
“: Meryl, did she just hit the help? #oscars #tweetroast” best tweet of the night!
oh goody its raining...hope I can volunteer at the library...
panty lines are ewe. My mom has been getting on to me about them since middle school. Lol -___-
Someone give me something to do tonight.
morning Austin!
about the new album "atmospheric, literate, romantic drinking songs. What more do you want out of life?" -Geoff Berner, artist
The Current Analysis CEM Webinar - CEM study done on Fixed, Mobile and Converged Operators.
Rachelle is at a picnic. Whole Foods and the like is full of mostly organic wannabe's, yes
Idaho's Armstrong, in run-up to Olympics, wins another bike race - The Republic
Have you seen my emails? Would love to know what is going on!
Do u have A?4 me it's totally worth it...i've locked my keys in my car almost 10 times,had 2 be towed & had a dead battery..all in 2 yrs
