I would also take out a massive ad campaign with billboards saying this is the guy, don't beat him up... Please
People are so confused by the term Social Media Optimization. It's not about keywords!
It's raining like a sumabitch over here .
I'm so sleepy. I can't keep my eyes open, off to dream-land sweet-dreams. This week is sure flying on by.
I <3 U, ! Especially the way U do your #FFs! RT #ff , she's a writer and fine woman.
Casey's sentencing is a bit more complicated than it looks. She was in jail 3 yrs ago on check fraud charges B4 murder charged. No credits.
Heated toilet seats...i want those
small market teams can pony up...until Travis Hafner screws your payroll.
really stretching there, aren't ya?
man u ate them already
I'm inside for now, but will catch BNSF Metras at around 4:30. Looking forward to it.
Thank you!!!
agreed. It's inevitable. Second that
FRIDAY AFTERNOON CLUB! Come in today from 3-6 pm for Free BEER and a slice of pizza!
What type of events are you looking for....nightlife, shows, day trips
why are you not seeing mutemath in dc!
ur so strange
Hey Eli! Good luck to you and my Giants on Sunday! You guys are so hot right now! Go get us a win! Good luck! GO BIG BLUE
Insane dreams lately wtf?!!!!! Every night this week!....I usually don't even dream.
RT : "Critics are raving about the cabin in the woods"....Wait, what?
. . . I wonder if that's better or worse than handing out candy like it's advice?
At the park with kids, u can't keep kids in the house all day every day.
please just write your senator, think about all the money our country would bring , think about the people it would help.
sweet... we'll hang out :)
said she would tweet, and did.
Trying to buy a car and you have to figure all of this other stuff out.
Today 1898: Golda Meir born in Russia. In 1906 they came to Milwaukee. She graduated from the Milwaukee Normal School (now UWM).
your lack of factual information on this subject is telling have you been getting all your info from SDGLN?
#BestSpongebobQuotes WHAT ARE THEY SELLING? CHOCOLATE! WHAT? CHOCOLATE! I remember when they first invented chocolate..I ALWAYS HATED IT!!
Seems like most Wegmans have them already. Herrema's in Irondequoit, too. Call ahead to make sure.
Do you like America?
RT Someone just told me I was a blessing in disguise :),my response was I don't need all of that I'm just here to help!
yeah :P he threw it at me.
Excellent point! Like the butterfly effect analogy
Just finished up my tetris marathon with
Brennan Newberry in Miami for the Camping World Truck Series tomorrow. Check out the pics with Carson Racing below.
I suggest you all treat NATO like a Zombie outbreak.
Forgive me destiny this world has ruined your plans for me
the internet is so boring now...
"I'm like a whore with who does my hair. As long as they do a good job, I let whoever do me"
Thank you!
The Black Keys - She's Long Gone
did they really catch them or do they just have a suspect?
I ain't even mad at Clay Bennett tho. Dude lied, but who really thought he wanted to stay? If Schultz doesn't sell the team to him...
Luv this! RT : Great coffee, cocktails, rooms, views of the harbor and (soon) sushi. What's there not to love...
Let's stay together til we're ghosts; I wanna witness love, I've never seen it close. Yeah, but I guess I gotta find it first .
Think SC results won't have much effect. This has already turned into two man race that is going to last for a while.
I've been longing for the thaw since January... at least. Is that not long enough?!
Inclined to think there were very few cooler than MCA. So sad
I see nothing wrong begging for Super Bowl tickets from a show created for lonely housewives.
let u know early
On my way to work tired as fuck!!!
I just want to lay in bed for the rest of the week...mostly bc I don't know how I'm going to pay for the gas in my car.
How in the world do people reply to question posts on the Tumblr machine? I AM MYSTIFIED.
Moms for Change a fun entrepreneurial workshop on May 6, helps you learn to have it all. Call for details, 847.607.1354.
Sure bring me over and we will party w the blues and jazz u love.
Newt is so awesome that days after he was born he drove his family home from the hospital.
I did work for them back when they were Exploris. Make sure you get the view of Moore Sq park from the Maddona
no. I want a 22 episode season. It's too short... Like a newbie with bad foreplay!
just a warning, it gets pretty addictive :P
Oh yeah! Another thing Auditorium does is automatically sync with Dropbox. So notes taken at school will be on home computer.
Just u looking at me makes me smile(:
DO IT! omg that sounds wicked!
Video Shoot Tomorrow For New Single Off Fuck Ya Feelin's Get Mad Vol2
S/o ,we don't miss a beat & never have idle feet
Thanks For The Follow Fam.
yes Rosie! Just don't call me an evil step mother :* hehe
Just gave a 18 dollar tip on a 6 dollar cab ride
The Music City Networks team is on the way to summit
Sween bean is in the buildin
I used to have more luck with Neutrogena, but now that I'm on limited allergy meds I can't wear anything again.
Drinking a nice Pepsi; it's good my third time drinking it! Usually I drink water or Appel juice! ;) (I'm very different I guess)
When I have to leave, I'm just gonna walk around the neighborhood.
God, I miss you weirdos already.
Survey last year revealed that the 18-34 age group prefers print advertising to online advertising. Time to add #print to your marketing mix
just dropped wisdom on us at #cpl12 "You have to solve a business problem."
Good morning good people!
I #believe I'm getting sick. This is not the time for something to invade my body & try to take over! I will OWN you!!!
you got a dog? Is your cat mad at you?
D-money is funny.
But I ain't Santa I got something for these bad bitches too
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
yeah tony here
Getting used to the new Gmail interface. Mostly OK, but I could do without the extra click to get to Contacts. Is there a way around it...
p.s. I love your three beliefs.
it depends on if he means verbally or just good positioning with a hand showing where to pass
A wiki seems to be big way for people to set up personal learning community conversations.
I hate when random little kids send me messages on xbox when I'm playing cod... gtfo of here and stop calling me a noob -_-
Awww fun!! I still would like ur help getting these vocals back in shape so when ur ready and have time let me know!!:)
Good point! Logists could be one of the hardest parts!
I was gonna hit up atrium in couv. Sounds like they shut down :(
Glad to be #home but oddly miss #Canada already or maybe I just miss the
Seriously Jose Reyes? Leave after 1 plate appearance?
is it worth the hype?
"I pity he fool." "You missed a T." "Yes I am." -- can someone explain this to me? .-.
It's the first day of spring. Or as I like to call it, the Return of the Ice Cream Trucks.
the premise of that ad is wrong...who says there's no sex in heaven?
Thank god I'm not a rapper.. I know y'all niggas pissed at what's on the radio
Closed tonight for maintenance, crushing ambivalence.
I need to be doing the same damn thing
Check us out on TMJ4's the "Morning Blend" Friday morning at 9am!
Your voice makes me cry of joy.
Breaking News! North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il is reported to have died.
Thanks to my newest followers! U ROCK!
lol idk...a vanilla milkshake sounds good right now.
is that the only spanish you know? x
If Chris would quit talking over everyone...we could have the woman donors name! Anyone know?
Playing a Triple Stud tourney for some reason
This week's #parksandrec was Emmy-worthy.
Something hot! :)
follow back..:)
yes, it did. thank u. signing off. few hrs alone w/guy while teen is out for a few hrs. good night.
to reading your blog posts as you meander through this new journey of fatherhood... :D
Only if you study it in ethnic studies courses.
When the sun rises is when I sleep but I have to be up in a few hours -__-
Like this status if your stomach is growling.
Hate 4pm games. By the time I'm off work, it's already in the 7th. Though, by the look of it, doesn't seem like I missed much. *sigh*
Marion County!:D
Marvin Waitforit Eriksen. "That is the coolest middle name of all time."
Don't surround yourself with yourself. move on back two squares. Send an instant karma to me. initial it with loving care...
dear , I just discovered your blog and I think you just gained a fan for life. You are awesome :)
Wow. Interesting.
That makes me want to eat quail eggs even more than I already do.
so. I'm expecting to see some of your "writings." Maybe we can do something together.
Thank you for the RT! Have a great day.
RT : "Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated." --Arnold Palmer
Spot on!
Saw Skyline last nite. Please do not waste your money.. Megamind, on the other hand was hilarious!
In past, always had some semblance of an idea about what to expect from #Bucks offseason & next season. Now: None whatsoever.
So...I feel like such a horrible daughter...I just got my mom flowers and I didn't even buy them with my own money. It was my dad. Lol.
Why u such a whore .?
I fell asleep during the National Anthem.
A cold wind blows, Brighton to the coast for me
9-0 Locos. Don't count us out yet! Still another half of football left.
that's the $200 million question ... I say yeah, but with trepidation. And the number might be 210 by tonight.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. -Laertius Diogenes
I AM NOT HAYLEY.
I'd rather have Mo out for a year then out for good.
went too sleep
Eww I feel your pain girl!
#thought. Maybe the rise of electronic mass media means demagoguery is less prevalent since you don't have to be a good speaker to be heard
finally tweeting on a smartphone from a randon location: johnny foley's
Oh The Cranberries are back in business!! ;-)
#LTBroadcasts "Now comes a very large proposal to build a union terminal in NYC" (3/24/31)
of course -_- I get out at 7:30!
#InMiddleSchool I was stuck shaving, eeck! Thankfully there's waxing :)
Lord, what shall I do now to reach my goals & dreams? I know I must maintain my health so I can ride the sunbeams.
But can it really be so serious?
Hopefully I don't have to go to school on Senior skip day
I am reminded of the guy who 25+ years ago, maintained "WordStar is easy to use, *once you learn the commands." Stupid stupid mindset.
I want to live on wisteria lane :)
Saying a tough goodbye today...
those RAGBRAI tanlines still crack me up!
Cordy Glenn moving up draft boards after today. Great job #NFLNetwork as always with #NFLCombine coverage. Can't wait for RG3 40 tomorrow!
#7daysofsex = Little bit of Heaven :-)
what was Lowery's record the previous two years? What happened this year?
I just want to sleep in my own bed .
Bo Jackson can do anything.
have a great race day!! Go24!! see you in VL!!
I love u<3
On my way out to penn hills 😒
i love you to!
: D never fails
Yeah, I'm pretty incompetent.
“: Niggas Hate it when they see you Blowing up!!!!!” sad but true
um.. in is arms :p
Just a reminder.. We're taking a break from Mac n Cheese night for a bit.. Wing Night has returned!!
"Part bad parents, and part youthful rebellion, he wanna buy a dream, but I don't know what to sell him" - Fire Album Sir!!
Walker Evans, Hobo Hunter?
You guys make celebrity gossip just hilarious! Always fun to watch.
Thx for a great webinar! Going to be thinking about my skills outside of libraries as I do my job hunting over break.
Survived another 3/15 corporate deadline. How did the rest of ny fellow #CPA tweeps make out? :-)
You're nothing but a slut. So unfollowing you. Not even sure why I followed you as we never talk anymore.
Oh, me too! I need some sunshine and fun conversation right about now. I'll find an excuse to get to Cali soon!
Big shout out my follow him! Google him!Phominal Artist! Let's get it!
Me too! Hadn't had any for awhile! :-)
Just taking the time to thank all the supporters and to wish you a Merry Christmas....don't forget about Jesus today.
Good Morning Baltimore! Tonight's the FIRST #ShoreNight of the season with $2 Steamed Crabs! Start planning your post-work feast now!
First time visiting San Francisco at the #BlackBerry DevCon
I will check out the pictures after
I can't believe people are falling for President's new gay marriage stance.Talk is cheap, let's see him sign legislation before the election
M, Home Made Bacon.... YUM!
who wants to play
I'm so tired.
S/o to for qrindn daily
It's National Kissing day! So here's a big fat #muah! :)
Hey sexy girl... sayin HI and fuck you :)
: Metta World War #NewNicknameForMettaWorldPeace” not fair at all, most players I know would have done the same.
It amazes me that people put energy towards fake Twitter accounts. Yes, , you.
If my life were a book, readers would definitely find this year the most interesting chapter.
ikr tests don't help at all
Follow for 2009 Little League World Series news. I'm sure will be tweeting the games as well.
I compare myself to other girls way too much
okay sweet! oh and i still say make a video for postcards... :)
Please let me win I am a big breast cancer supporter, my grandmother passed with breast cancer and my favorite color is pink
I had a nightmare I dropped and cracked my iPhone
looking for open places for november. Done and done
I will have lots of books with me.
Birute Regine on balancing feminine & masculine skills at ICFGR mtg-"soft skills are hard!"
Omg. Back from orlando. was AMAZING<3
Im sorta off da set I aint suppose to fuck wit her
still though no regrets ill die before i want to change something in my past
AWWH HELL NAWWHH!! NOW YOU ARE DOING THE EXTREME. OH MAN. PLEASE UNDO THAT ABEL. i will bake you cookies. and love you forever!!!!
really cool you are down with working against
Rest in Eternal Peace to legendary journalist, advocate & icon Gil Noble. My Hero.
Boutta kill this business presentation tomorrow
Thanks for the RT! :-D
if i wanted to see footloose, i'd rent the original. just saying.
try linepleaseapp for rehearsing lines! good luck in casting.
quick question!!!! Do you like the band Maroon 5????
jon have u sold ya old iphone?
Hey supamodel. Finally got a DSLR again. One step closer right?
I used to believe in things like Faith and Destiny... Then I realized those are just Stripper names.
I'm not getting any sleep tonight thanks to Mikey.
Thanks for the link - Crazy stuff!
Besides Copper Onion, don't miss Cucina Toscana.
ready to cop freshness
Is auditioning for a genius non Musical play today. I really want it!!!! Beautiful writing and the chance to work with an amazing Director.
So excited for #MadMen with !
Committee updates to ensure youth recreation, education, and community opportunities throughout the city
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars are fucking terrible
TODAY 11-11-11 A salute to Fallen Heroes and those that have served and still sterve!
I think it's pathetic how they hate on him. In all honesty I couldn't care less what they think of Peyton because in my eyes he's PERFECT<21
just do a few instead!
Gov. Cuomo has advised that he wants to hear the voice of the people -- is he listening & realizing that EI needs his attention.
What'd I do?!
what are y'all up to this weekend? I'm in need of some girl time!
The Celtics weren't giving the ball to Ray Allen as of late, and they finally do and he not only had a big game, but goes clutch!
Apparently they only make bikinis for the busty in England.
Lunch workout followed by green smoothie... Could not feel better and ready to attack Tuesday, part deux.
They crash my truck with their drugdog
cann we please kick it soon i miss yo face!
:O “ Whatever you say you cottage cheese whale 😏”
New weight loss plan: Train to be competitive eating champ. Time to channel my inner Black Widow.
Excited that got an unexpected day off today. We get to spend Thanksgiving together while she recovers from her nagging cold.
thanks to all the love ITUNES is now releasing #MISTLETOE early...now coming #OCT17th !!! spread the world...we r going for our first #1!!
Hyperexstended my arm at practice... again.
"sweet monacle, dude": OH at brooklyn flea, without a touch of irony
haha I won't.. love you Court! :)
'Double Standards' by Ab-Soul is also a dope ass song. Easily one of the better ones. EASILY.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have
Whatever happened to plain 'ole lavender blue-dilly-dilly-dilly...silly.
No way!! Who would have thought we'd both be in the #infosec world. Love it!
Stadium Sauce would be a good compliment to pickle juice. I hope that's revealed in the training tips.
Thanks Good company to be in, great start to our week!
The science channel started playing Firefly reruns :)
Who's got pics from ?
my son has cracked my phone and computer screen haha it definitely sucks!
yes, almonds and trail mix are great healthy snacks too in between meals. Egg whites for breakfast are a good idea too.
thank you Jalani! Get ready, a new website makeover coming soon, plus blog. Can't wait!
I'd fake blindness to touch u inappropriately 😘😘😘💋💋💋❤❤❤❤
I'm so happy for you Martha !
Sign up for our emails for coupons and good stuff! (It's to the left next to the monkey!)
may events… queer club dance off, all-girl bands, roller derby ...
Y'all better tell y'all team to take it to the whole and quit shootin them weak a** jumpers!
RT "Write like you're in love. Edit like you're in charge. #writing"
Haha interesting. I'll habe to try it. But seriously. 26 courses where I'm not blown away... WHAT?!
Mitchell has arrived at Moe's. Being met by enthusiastic supporters.
I got a bill for $117.42 in the mail for an account that I closed 5 years ago. Waiting on manager to call back. Left CFO a vm too
nice peace sign in yours
What's up
fremont boy and girl lets go win a champion and beat maryland :)
The boyz are gonna delete ! ;(
Five Best Weather Web Sites [Hive Five]
Everyone follow their sick!!!!:)
Mothers day is Sunday and it made me realize that in the almost 5 years of me being a parent the father of my girls has never told me HMD
Tell the Prez I said yo Barack. Tell him I said I think he changed his number and he should take my calls.
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a
Ladies Night tonight !!! $1 Margaritas until 11 P.M. Drink Specials every 30 Min.
HELL YEAH THEN SHE SAID I BET YOU'VE NEVER BEEN CALLED THAT BEFORE LOL.... CLEARLY NOT LOL
#IfWeJustSmashing Don't text me for no other reason EVER
quite true. i can't please all the people, all the time. (and thank you! :-)
a different finger each time or the same finger?
attending a muffin weeding.
I can let you do it as a photo project if interested
. It's "inappropriate" to suggest Mitt Romney means anything he says
Last night was my first time at Aura & I had a great time! Thanks!
My phones fucking up big time, so much for having a "smart phone" .
◊ I don't mind him too much, but DON'T get into religion. Not that twitter is great for that anyway lol
I'm very fortunate this business has been good to us
Very dangerous out there people, be careful!
Awesome run-thru w/ for the #maxkolbtelethon at Hofstra! Thank U to the staff & crew for all their help...You guys are great!
Time trip on this. The first youtube video, a test of the system - is this thing on? - was put up 7 years ago. 7. Years. Ago.
Working out
no fair, need to FedEx a batch of em lol
I'm really bad at this whole getting to school on time thing.
That's sweet! Thank you : ) Hope to see you soon!
at the first simple things are not easy things - but when mastered they become the easiest and bring all else into focus and within reach
Hate I cry so easily...fuckin bullshit now I gotta fix this shit...wish I woulda known in the beginning
The rappin granny on AGT was the bomb
One more hour till my bbyz appear on Abdc again so happy yeah buddyy
The thought of Ryan Seacrest expanding his "hosting" empire to the Olympics makes me sad inside.
Hello India,hw are u :)
so 8 something months ago i met this girl.
LOL SO...i can always feel it o.o that sounded so wrong xD
$EFOI announced that it has been awarded a $23 million Navy supply contract to provide LED fixtures.
Getting work done these last 2 weeks!!
Big Asyulm show tonight @ Straitjacket Theater! Come watch us do horrible things to undeserving people @ 8:30!
Thanks for checking in at Wishing you a smooth flight!
Yes, thank you for the correction:)
Just Face The Fact That Im Invisable To You..Just Another Fan To Youu But The Deff Thing About Me Is I Truthfully Like You♥
#whitecrazyboysays in that case, i want a sex worker...
Tweet tweet
please follow me your my inspiration(:
Watching South Park's Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes. I am six years late on this but it rules. It totally rules.
im sure u were
And I just got a check from a recent short story sale. I think that dress might have to come live with me...
Can't wait to check out "Tha Backroom" on 106 fri. Bringin back the basement.
TONITE Fashion Show - Student Competition - Seattle, WA. 2901 1st Ave in SODO - Fabulous clothes, beautiful hair. Fashion, fun and drinks!
is great, have a good meeting
Empower your life for the #NewYear. No.2 The Right to be Treated with Respect!
let me know how you like stella and adams intense romance in my thriller - criticism is the best teacher
that really sucks, I love that place :/ hope you get feeling better soon!
Thanks bro
People who like their own status, You must love what you post huh?
Oh ok cool shit
You ain't bout that life
They damn well better give him a hit for that.
"I can’t find anyone not to love, because I can’t find anyone God doesn’t love. - James Robison" i love you all my twitter family!
Our baby bro is in da hospital. We think all our followers and supporters should pray for him. =(
We had a great night at last night! Thank you!
thanks for helping w the key chains
ThankU 4 yr constant support! I continue 2 work hard despite my twitter presence :) can't wait 2read 1st by Jamie Corrigan!
Christmas tree time! Happy December everyone!
Happy 18th birthday !!!
Can't wait for home opener tomorrow at Half & M St SE Fairgrounds! Play hooky from work & join us for a Ficelle lunch + dinner!
Awesome!! Go !! We love seeing news about our runners success. We'll see u guys next weekend at #SLAMR :)
Thanks to I'm obsessed w/ shot blockers. Never wanted a recruit at UK like I did and we got him!
aw:/ now victorious is left…I'm gonna be very upset when Victorious ends💔
Black Ops 2 is on the way? I havent even had a chance to start the first Black Ops yet because watches Food Network all day
When I was in 5th grade I had a teacher go nuts when I called her Mrs. X. 20 yrs later when a students calls me Mrs. Cait, I get it.
I definitely would, those look awesome.
remember when Tyler The Creator was famous for having absolutely no talent?
Skyrim + College Finals = Barely Passing
Anyone else feel like Packers/ Panthers could be a whole lot higher scoring then the experts expect?
too bad we like you too much ;)
Anybody know any good, summer-feeling rap songs? Lemme know...
#EastSideMustHaves good fresh seafood joints
I am way too excited to use Toasta Bags and make me some grilled cheese. In the toaster.
LOL RT : What ship has never docked in Cardiff? The Premiership :-)
Junior Seau Dead #RIP respects to #SanDiego my birth city
Time to start a cool weather hand care routine - gentle cleanser, deep moisturizing hand cream, nail/cuticle conditioning!
i spelled it wrong i know! i posted it again :p
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool When is lunch?
GET READY! MEMORIAL DAY EXTRAVAGANZA (SUNDAY) @ BLEEKER STREET (MAY 27) 6311 GUILFORD AVENUE 10PM-3AM *DJ CASH ON 1s & 2s*NO WORK ON MONDAY!
Thank you for sharing, it would be useful if we can shave them and have just the top 10
I hope my babe gets out today ! /:
September? Really?
My Punishment<<<<<
Peace: Is not to live in a world with no strife. But to live amongst trouble and turmoil and still remain peaceful in your heart.
That clogging was amazing! I usually don't love the dance groups because there are so many. Loved that!
Am I the only one who eats pancakes and cookies for dinner? Lol(:
Is anyone from #nashville here at the #MarriageAmerica conference in #Orlando? Tweet me!
That was awesome.
I'm here at the hotel chilling with a friend
Listening to digitized old songs, I sometimes catch myself waiting for the vinyl to skip in the same spot. Sign I'm old
thnkyou for this AMAZING 3 years<3. It's hard to see you grow that fast, but good thing were growing together(':
Just finished reading all of the books, they were good! LOL Malcom was the man and Ky is ride or die!
you too! Have a wonderful evening in Belgium :)
Eventually two things will happen. Either tha bitch will realize you're worth it, or you'll realize shes not bruh real talk
The guy that just passed me in joann fabrics was really cute :33
A quick heads up: I'll be on an episode of National Geographic's "Taboo" on May 9th! Check your local listings for time and channel.
I'm the next chris brown + trey songz my actions speak louder than words and with your help I can be a big hit guranteed
Hey! Could we get an interview with you? ^.^
Lazy people tell me i work to hard, i tell them they aren't working hard enough.
#MUSICREVIEWS The Used - Vulnerable - Hopeless Records
Sometimes a Great Notion (1971): Despite creepy severed arm @ end Fonda & Newman soar in this blue-collar flick. Crazy log-death scene.3.8:5
Have you called your own company's automated voice system lately? Can you navigate through it easily? Is info accurate? Your customers know.
Things are good now. Fewww.
Who's a BlueMonster fan? Let us know what you think. <3
Honestly I think StepBoys is not the best crew.
For portraits, remember, keep you lighting simple. Your subject is the complex part. Excel at something today.
O what? Must try ASAP.
When was it not!
whats good with some music tonight or early mourin tomorrow foo?
No homework, and no practice today
will you please follow my friends and ! Thanks!
You might be sore tomorrow - that's why the second class is free ;) Glad you enjoyed it!
right on! Go to www.westcoastscrapple.com and we will ship to you!
if they discriminate I'll sue. they're an OC insurance company anyways. I'm sure they have money.
Thank you, dear Mish. And to you. Many blessings. I think it may already be 2012 where you live!
sure do!
nothing awkward when you're getting cheaper stuff! Thanks man! Send that our way!
Annoyed I'm watching American idol right now because of 's cryptic tweet earlier
What's with and pissing lately?
your shirts are on their way. Would love to see a pic of you and your bro sporting them when they arrive.
At my moms crib posted about to drive home in a second.
2 Chainz and Drake are the 2 best rappers in the world.
I usually drink two cups of coffee in the morning. That's my limit. I might have to make an adjustment this morning. haha
they're a James Dolan entity...so, yup.
Beautiful and moving documentary on PBS of Bill T Jones choreographing a dance about A. Lincoln (and so much more). Worth watching!
C'mon #Giants!!
So frigging excited #Eureka is back yet so sad it's the final season
RT : "i was there i saw it happen man that's what brutus said *stabstab*"
Me too! RT : I love when business meetings involve creative ladies like and happy hour
Watching 'Phantom Of The Megaplex.' great movie
Learning more about Node Manager at users group
25-year-old Portlander decides to wholeheartedly believe in Santa, again. "no one else believes him, so I'll be totally unique!"
That recent Glee episode sure bore a lot of resemblance to my first book. Let me know what you think...
Calling me ugly, fat, etc.
No hats, GIRL BYE!
"Women's rights are human rights, human rights are women's rights." - #SecClinton at Beijing Conference via
still very hot weather in OKC?
hope you feel better soon!
ik right! it's so good, takes a spot on my top 10 of all time lol
not me. only 2 eps in on Veep & it's, y'know, fine. But Girls 2 & 3 both killed me. & she's an excellent director
thank u beautiful man for following me . U from portland??
thanks 4 following me
Going to the movies with Katie, Kelsey, Gunner, And Andrew gonna see The Women In Black
Drunk eating Chicago style hot dogs and cheese fries #livingthedream 🍟
T-Mobile weak ass can never down AT&T
Watching the #sdmayor debate, even better than listening on the radio live!
It feels so gud 2 be able 2 go cash a check I had ova a week #Blessed!
Great show last night! I really dug all that sax on sax on bone action.
thanks - sounds like a good place, back in New York now, maybe next time I will check it out!
hey did you die of clogged arteries or are you on vacation?
Wow. Phil Humber with a PERFECT GAME for the White Sox. Good stuff!
Clearly a move made out of teacher frustration. Instead of punishment, looks like time for a conversation with the students.
PEOPLE "PAST" WILL ALWAYS CATCH UP WITH THEM NO MATTER HOW HARD YOU TRY TO HIDE IT....I PROMISE YOU THAT!
Okay grizzlies... Let's do better than Sunday.
#THERockWins yes yes yes yes yes
Attending project mgt training at #uncc #centercity beautiful facility
There is your buzzer beater - Flyers over Pens at buzzer in OT.
That Usher and Rick Ross song is tough
- who has a better 2nd half season? Hillis or Mendenhall?
I couldnt make it through a day without music!
Where do u* live in chicago
why are u happy
Fantastic first & #TourDeThursdays followed by drinks and open mic on the patio
doing good, he is getting soo big :)
Oops - sorry technology, operator error. Why is there a physical switch to turn off wireless on laptop? Who would ever want to do that?
that's what he said
Baby i thought u lite up my world lyk no body else well FALSE ONE DIRECTION DOES
searching for Vintage Gucci luggage # classic
Enjoy movies buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
im doing cbus in KC. Only trip to LSP...
oh hahaha how many classes r u gonna have??
is the studio with
Goodmorning #littlemonsters . I hope you all are having a great memorial day weekend. Paws up!
OMGoodness I am baking one of your recipes and it smells AWESOME! Stay tuned for pics peep!
Well I think I should be nice too. How was your Santa Claus and your new year?
why do i only have one tab ? o.O i usually have like 50.....
Why couldn't I sleep today damn wait its probably cause cars are constantly driving by my house, dogs barking, sun shining. F night shift!
Just smile and everything will be okay.
aren't you an attractive young boy
It was a really down day for #Kentucky, but Vandy's zone defense was good practice for later this month!
Sounds like a plan! Hope the new biz is going well!
thanks jake!
Someone needs to send Floyd Mayweather some roses and/or hugs. The dude is a total racist retard! Why do these boxers die so lonely!
Tonight's Special: Cajun Shrimp Basket with Fries!
Hey. Thanks for mentioning me. Yes, I have a lot of fun with #supernatural characters :) Wish you a wonderful day!
i think i'm weird,like so weird. Yeap,weird. :3
The guy who waited on me at Moe's Southwest Grill called me "Buddy" twice. LOVE that! :)
Topcon announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to purchase the glaucoma‐and retina‐related assets of OptiMedica Corporation
No worries -- thanks for the suggestion!
Talking to on my drive home made me miss her all the more!! Can't wait to see you!!!
im so happy that im actually eating healthy
Lawd... This is a nail biter!
“ Glad I didn't have homework.”
Forgot I had a bottle of Diet Coke in my bag. Found it once I had gone through security at ATL.
Wow! I've been away from Twitter so long, I forgot what if feels like to send a tweet. Thanks for sticking by me guys.
gotta love Old Navy:)
omg yeah. I would freak.
for me it's still your old icon…
Your not hiring that guy lol!
Had a Dream last night that I met , if only it could really happen. 🏀
No, it means nothing
all for show, he's new money, when you have class you don't need to flaunt that
Enjoying #cowappreciationday at !
& it's already available! Get it, get it! The Waits/Wilson cover is just the first excellent thing about the edition.
oh yeah...how long you here?
hey yo bro I really busted out laughing just now bro ur funny as hell it was the first throw bro
Celibate flow, you can't Fuck with it. Brought for the spark, so the blunt, yea he lit it.
Do you have any special facial mask recipes using potatoes that you can share with us?
If Eli wants to be considered an elite quarterback, now is the time to step up and put the #Giants on his back.
Hey bro! How long are you in town for?
Thanks sir!
Why cant I update my picture , CUH! I mean I am topless and everything
that's it?
#Online , I love all my 2336 followers!
omg i had no idea! What's the topic?
dan: "I don't like potato salad much" me: "that's because your heart belongs to nazi germany" POTATO SALAD IS BIGBALLER
Inspired by of at #SM4NP. Friends with August birthday's- you may be receiving a birthday donation on your behalf.
you are welcome!
heard they hating so i did it ust too piss em off
it would seriously make my life if you followed me <3 Oh & #SaySomethin is such an amazing song ! i love you <33
The Innovation Station
BREAKING-AP: U.S. military says 5 service members accused of misconduct at same Colombia hotel as Secret Service agents.
Drug abuse is an all too often aggravating factor in protective orders and domestic violence cases. Education in the courtroom is vital.
Just ordered my NFL Sunday ticket :-)
ijustine no tweet me :(
1st Big Benefit of Mobile Mktg. - Text advertising is a virtually untouched market, with few businesses making use of the technology.
Great meeting you this weekend! Looking forward to working with you.
I have read most predictions have Amendment One passing. Gonna be an embarrassing day for our state.
Is your Cinco de Mayo feast loaded with no bueno foods? 6 Tips for a Happy, Healthy Fiesta from Zeel Expert Thanks Beth!
y r ppl so fake?
What else would you listen to other than Videotape by for #endtunes ?
That is a great way to celebrate your bday!
Nope im DIAMOND CAPRI AIYANNA ILE TURNER YOU CHEETAH CHASING PANTHER IF THEY WOULDNT ASK THEY WOULD RECONIZE!!!!!
is coming to an end...Venture out of the Gaslamp to 1927 4th Ave. (by Balboa Park). Our Happy Hour is Super Hero approved!
thanks for a delicious time last night. safe travels
spring break has officially come to an end, mission accomplished.
We love you too! :) How’s your day going? RT: Sunbelt Chocolate Chip Granola Bars >>
Homework blows. Thank goodness I only have two more weeks of it.
Please tell me someone has signed you.
Guess who was just interviewed by a reporter from the New York Times? C'est moi! The questions is: Will I make it in the article or not? :)
Soft spoken but loudly heard #makemusic #diamond team
It is an overview of our chamber for chamber members as well as those who are interested in joining the chamber
1st of all I don't remember directing that to you 2nd I get my Iphone in like a week so I'm gone be a EAGLE then.
Break legs tonight mama and show them how #THROWBLACK puts it down!!!!
so tired -______________-
Janis just awesome
welcome to the dark side haha
Watching Ice Loves Coco!
You don't have to take that from He's just jealous of your Italian adventures.
We can't complain about this snowfall. There are 2 months more of winter
If you're in town shopping on Black Friday and need a place to stay check us out online @ www.stayinportland.com.
I just talked to Henry freakin Aaron, WOW. He's scheduled to join & Kevin Kennedy on tomorrow at 11am eastern
OMG you did?? Which one! I am very very proud.
Ex 2: Extreme #Christian #evangelicals & #Islamists have a lot in common: both want their religious beliefs codified into law.
I'll get jack
Thanks Hogan, it means alot! :)
sick seats!
S/O to My Twinn !
a good first inning could drop his Era under 10000
I usually have 1 new episode each month
So sleepy
Note to the person I just unfollowed. Making rape jokes about a basketball game sucks. Rape is never an OK punchline.
Hollie is sent packin'. You agree with the decision?
And then getting caught up on the chat. psssh. Trying to log off mad quick and act like you didnt see it.
Happy Never-Ending Guilt Day!
I screwed up
not cheating just promoting. And I do like puppies... They taste delicious! Bwahahaha
My goal today: do nothing. Oops, tweeted. Missed goal for today.
If you need to access #Wikipedia today, like I do, hit Esc just before the page redirect to the blackout page. Or use Google's cache.
William R. Inge If ifs were gifts, every day would be Christmas.
special shout out &
The #Discovery fly over makes me wonder where Sput-lamp is? From the days of cataloging eBay consignments at , long ago
dang it sorry we missed y'all!
They're really cool! really rocks it in the movie!
Thats my shit too ": Watching Blue Hill Avenue >>> one of my fave movies."
Micheal's African print dresses are nice but to me as an African it went too classy too haute couture mellow .
Pies are going fast today. We're in Cully Ne 42nd ave and killingsworth.
love it! Who knew it would be interviewing a Derby winner!
It's been officially one year... And despite it all, I'm still standing...
uh, yes. Signed up for the texas event months ago. How was that ALL event?
Pacers up 20 last I checked.
r u playing some where tonight??
That really had to been one of the worst plays in basketball.
this afternoon I was to the shopping center with my father. We buy some things & eat popsicle! My of brigadier.
If you excaped what I excaped you be on your knees giving God praises too~William Malcolm
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox Arianator forever.
Once the mountain climbers realized that they couldn't continue on with their journey, it was all downhill from there.
I need a normal sleeping schedule.
I see you kid. Stick with what you are doing. Good luck
Nicholas Sammond clarifies "Working with Non-traditional Scholars" title: resistance to "who are you?"&"what do you do?" questions
dude that frosty was mad good and quite frankly I think I got the better end of that deal haha. Glad you're enjoying it for real
#10CommandmentsOfTwitter : Thou shalt not covet thy follower's tweet
"I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun"
Fake Boyfriend lyrics: "I don't like it when you talk cause that just means you're not sucking my cock."
Phat Kat Big Band @ Magic Stick this Friday. Don't sleep.
I'm so excited about this extra hour I can't sleep! Ugh!
can u plz pray from my aunt she is in the hospital trying to fight cancer
The story in SEC-land today is that one of the league's top players somehow stayed eligible despite being illiterate.
So i have really bad anger issues and since i don't let out my anger enough i think im getting sick from all that repressed anger :/
notice more
oh that's so nice! So you're off for this week then? Christos Anesti!
Stuck at play rehearsal:P
that's cause you're 100 years old JC
Im straight up with my women . I don't play mind games if I like you then I tell you its not hard
Barely can. Not enough hours in the day. RT : Do more.”
It's a nice day for a
Then he gne crack one of his lame ass fat jokes. Lol
Mike Holmgren: give us all 8 home games in brown jerseys.
This is museum geek euphoria!
Who are you and what have you done with Bronson??
Which baby-faced Hollywood star is the next big thing in horror? announcing an awesome new program at 9am est. Stay tuned!
beliebeeerss!! FOLLOW & cause they follow everyone BACK (:
This year I wanna find what I'm looking for. It's not a boy, It's not even love. I wanna find me, and that's all I need right now... :/
you're welcome! It's well earned!
RT : Standing room only #incubator panel for
my ex boyfriend broke up with me because of that. Hahahaha.
I haven't made beats for this long in like 2 years
need to tear down barriers to #edu RT: Latinos potentially hardest hit by doubling of student loan rates
Very cool. I heart acronyms- especially for twitter :)
Checkin out with and friends for food.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-59
Could be worse. High here in Arlington was 33° with 36° predicted for tomorrow and 38° for Saturday.
I just reached 298 connections in Linkedin
Patriots have a stable of good backs...could lead the NFL in rushing as a team
well a little mystery is good for all of us.
YES! btw, i need to remember to get that microwave from you at some point. p.s. the new mattresses arrived 2day. yay!!!!
when that behind tint vol 3 droppin?
you'll have to tell me how your weekend tweeting goes!
Aw poor i don't like the dentist either .... They make my face go numb too
Only if people have something to hide... (cc: )
Admit it, You once made a little kid cry and then made them laugh so you wouldn't get in trouble.
mtn vista beat TRidge. We'll have a full roundup on the blog tonight
All Brew City out-of-state web orders which ship next week will be automatically upgraded to UPS 3-Day Select shipping!
I love LinkedIn... It's Facebook without the drama!
Good Morning Twitter Famly :)
RT : Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
It's a great day for the Magnet Creative Seminar in NYC! Ready, set go!
Looking for Records Coordinator in Oil/Gas Industry in Houston, TX...90K! Email me at
it's that time of the year to start thinking about holiday promos. our top 5 list that we have created for clients coming soon.
Watching #DowntonPBS. I swear to God the info music is my Pavlov's Dog bell.
Got a call from my dad as he was literally on a gondola in the Venetian Grand Canal in Italy. Technology makes jealousy much easier.
. Ive said for years: it will take a space race with China to get NASA the funding for that anytime soon, but it would be awesome!
Thanx for the headache skank at work that showered in cheap perfume, I now prefer your natural BO scent and hairy pits!!
hey lady, i just tried to comment on your blog, but it didn't show up. did it go to your spam folder?
That awkward moment when a coworker you are NOWHERE CLOSE to attracted to smells like a dreamboat.
Gov. Gregoire signs bill ending tax break for out-of-state banks.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 16
we love your photos, keep up the amazing work!
and a 100 cals. less than the original! Lol
I did two pictures last night. It has been a while for me. Falling off the wagon big time.
RT : Sports do not matter at all. They are merely a distraction from life & when life & death intersect with sports it's jarring
Guy who stripped naked to protest TSA is John Brennan. Top White House advisor on homeland security shares the same name.
that was the best 20th adub concert i could have asked for,z thanks so much!
Some solicitor just tried to offer me 'free legal advice' mate, I'm 16 why would I want that?
im jp haha i dont have an attitude babe
I'm actually excited for school tomorrow. I miss my friiiiennndz.
should hire to speed things up.
A social sector business is a different kind of strategy, they rely entirely on earned income vs solely donations.
Take Escape Edgeston 4 a spin anytime! PRT I want a Ford Escape! Sitting in the zip, listening to Bon Iver, waiting for le MAX.
Yes, PRINCE!!!!
SERIOUSLY... AJ AS AN ANALYST
Your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Yeah right, go tell Hitler...
Last first day of practice ever as a player tomorrow, brings up a lot of different emotions, but I'm ready let's do it
Yours is better! I'm sure It's all shiny and soft. My hair is just dead and fucked. LOL
Had pleasure of seeing La Traviata tonight. There was 1 black cast member with a line. The line: "la cena è pronta!"
Hope your tea was good enough to make up for it!
ya nice read!
RT: Let the journalists IN so the the truth can come OUT!!!
....if you call that living!
I know :/ *ducks head in shame*
#BackWhenIWasAKid my mom yelled down the block when it got dark to come inside from playing outside.
xoxo. Going to bed from #Vegas, Nevada Have a very good day. :) Feel 4 you.
probably like 4
Wanna quick #weightloss?No need to get a feeding tube check out for a healthy way to shed lbs and feel great.
Happy HumpDay! Half way through the week and I'm already trying to figure out what to wear Friday night..
humboldt county has really had an effect on you, huh?
Portia Sabin of Kill Rock Stars says: "Im not sure if a manager is a good thing [for a new band] or a bad thing."
Im a mile away from the exit.... And some guy had to get in accident heree fmllll......
and by the way i said it was my
I had to retweet both of those cuz it was just too awesome! hope you slept well! :) Have a great day!
do you see #Broncos cutting Goodman with the Porter signing?
Ah, the #Tonys. Much better.
Nothing can never ever compare to the feeling of losing the person you love, never
getting ready to hit the gym I think im do legs ya
when they're 2 seats down from you and the Leafs score a goal and they get right in your face and yell "Fuck yeah bitch!!!"
Hidden Pond park, great experience for kids. The staff was awesome.
oh absolutely. Not goona deny that cuz then I'd just look foolish. Gotta put Kobe right up there especially if he can get that
Thanks for the #FollowFriday mentions, ladies! :)
Haha I know I can count on your for dragtastic movie love. Julie Newmar was on a mag cover here and I was obvs gagging on it.
Good luck to you both! I'll be cheering on when you arrive back in Baltimore. Ride like the wind!
If you don't take yourself serious no one else will
Wow what an irony movie:O well I still love the movie:) <3
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are good, you will have to stuff them down people's throats.
Chocolate chip cookies from Publix are my weakness.
SMACK THE SHIT OUT YOU YOU KNOCK MY SWAG NIGGA.
Given, movement for comprehensive #electoralreform must start w/ status quo of 2 unaccountable pol. parties & consolidated corp. media (2/3)
i dont know why but im SO tired! lol
Is enjoying a great weekend in Key West, Florida!
Crocodile Dundee
How do they taste?
well I'm out
I don't know why beer companies bother with an expiration date... it's never going to make it anywhere near that.
ready to go home !
We are no longer the knights who say ni! We are now the knights who say ekki-ekki-ekki-pitang-zoom-boing! - Monty Python
Yes! RT interesting how discussion on dig narr turns 2 debate on digital vs analog. narratives are both & equally compelling
dropping out of school and becoming a lifer at ?
Happy mother's day to all the moms who have to work today like my sister.
Where is Texas in the house?!
I forgot about ENCARTA! I personally loved flipping through Brittanica even if I eventually lost the index & that complicated it all
you were at the books show? I was there!
please define "scholarly nutmeg" immediately so that I can steal the phrase
at tha jail too c my cuzO . Damn my whole fckn family locked up smh
I could use a hair repair treatment. Suggestions?
Join the music revolution!
not at all. I be hitting u up.
My Aunt just told me I got fat. Super. Happy Holiday's ya'll!! I'm still gonna eat that pie!
you know whats whack? Me posting the Glenn Beck info 10 hours before you and you claiming it's your info. Whack
The food channel has wonderful tips for fun and easy meals. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Giada
I think Tamar Adler's new book An Everlasting Meal is going to change my life...
Bring on Boston or ATL
I need about 1000 more followers
July's equipment orientation: Sunday at 1pm at the museum. Registration required this time; email your name and number to
I'll take just having him with me without a shirt...
Pretty good, thought about putting together a full band?
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. – Dale Carnegie
I saw a sign with an arrow that read "Free Karate".
Hi Love!!!
I will if you check out my company haha. We need more supporters over in your area!
Florida executed their game plan to near perfection and are still down 1.
Soo cute! Two Brittany's!? Can I have one? In a noncreepy way... um. moving on RT
Im not a grunge
#thingsblackfolksargueabout who money taller
Watching Colorado Rapids at New York Red Bulls with Viggle Sun | 4PM | ESPN Get real rewards just for watching TV.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it happened or not. ~ Mark Twain
Oops I have done nothing
An hour and a half to do one math problem it took up 2 pages too! wow Do I still want to be an engineer? Of course I do! Why, cause im crazy
Making risotto. Everybody leave me the hell alone.
Good looking out ☺ “: had to follow ya ”
Haha, just looked at this. Pretty funny. I'll be in my leather chair at Tobacco Road in 3.5 hours ;)
Crossing fingers for possible minivan. One that won't break down is preferred.
LesleeSoung5362, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I think they open around 11am. People will start lining up at 8am-9am.
Hey Ro! Going really well. You are so welcome back anytime you choose. I'm still pinching myself. Let's play a round soon!
oh so you just gone walk away like that?! Proves we were never in a real relationship anyway. I love you baby don't leave!
That moment when your girlfriend calls you from jail at 3:30 AM. It was good while it lasted..
i guess--it's actually amazing, but does make me feel a little shallow. oh well--onward with this great hairday! :)
Now on FoxMovie Channel. Classic horror "The Faculty". Stars Jon Stewart.
lmao this weird guy is texting me an stalking me damn ner
Looks like Vegas is trying to people to bet ND, I took both WV and Texas and Pitt which is'nt looking good right now.
Alright, settle down, Buganski! :)
Meeting w Ramsey County Sheriffs command today - a great agency, driven to provide excellent service, fairly and cost-effectively.I mean it.
congrats on the record
In SA? I'd be in trouble playing hookey from work everyday! PS I do love games as well :)
I like you
Thanks for the follow sreejithgaul200 (sreejithgaul200)! :)
Which brings us to our final question: who's winning the Super Bowl this year?
You may be my best friend but this is MY relationship and im happy. Be happy for me for once.
It's 11:11 here in Canada, and I am wishing for you, To someday meet you, somehow. <3
Thanks Mike!
are you gonna get all "Cher" on us and get it done on your butt?
you rock!!! Awesome job!
Again I am on my soapbox Northern Virginia needs to implement a 35 second shot clock!!!!!!
lol yeah . Waiver the prom date and go search free agency for a new one lol . Just playing.
best. yet.
my hair disagrees.
I'm having food at steakout, join me.
Get me the fuck outta this hell hole..
idk he's just perfect... and i was on the jumbo screen at the game #famous!
nice! Great deal too.
Do it because you want to.. Not because you have to.
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America! Musicalstop.com !!!
Horse festval was fun. Cut my friends hair. Grandmas bf is staying over. Best friend and mall in the morning!
We are all in this together! Long live the "holde Kunst" ("noble art") see/hear Schubert's "An die Musik" ("In how many grey hours"...)
Save all your kisses up, bring on your sweet love, pour it all over me
Updating my resuming, never could imagine that it takes such a long time :)
#IReallyWant to follow me I'll be the happiest girl alive!
synapse lapse.
Yo im ready for this #shorts shoot tho!!! :)
Thank you. Happy to know you enjoyed it!
dude you are getting fast. That is some Boston time there.
how's your day going?(:
Raing and thunder Day
Worst morning in recent memory. Alarm never went off. Running a half hr late. It snowed. Had to ride. Lost cta card running to train. Ju ...
I bought a couple of indie press comic books today. First time in a while. Subtle but palpable joy--amazing illustrations in a thin volume.
I compose fourteen lines of ecstatic poetry for publication on Facebook and purposefully delete it for my own private amusement.
That would be great. Love #/Charleston. Haven't been in a long time.
ur more than welcome
Get it! Douglas Kearney reading at the SFMOMA.
Ha :) RT": Songs sung by and make me feel #fuzzy”
idk man, if followed me it'd make my life perff.
Haha - agreed. Make up your mind!
beautiful! glad it went well!
You're laying out on a bench? I'd just pick the bench up and take it with me
the guys at are fucking awesome
Today is National Travel Rally Day. Jump on a plane and go somewhere, the industry could use your help.
Sdlcwfioif why did you do this to me
Eh, will DET pitching be same? RT : I know there are no sure things in baseball, but the 2012 season got even less fun for sox fans
You know what sucks about your real job? Air Force One is on right now.
Ok, seriously the 2nd episode is almost done....just the credits remain! Stay tuned....
Start the day the right way: listen to It's just good stuff.
i think I'm bumpin up to 125
Judges don't like her
happy easter my love. <3 (:
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty. -Sicilian Proverb
Kingleeofalkenstein is not the king of pulling. He is the prince
So pretty much everyone in our band is a workin' man; where do YOU work and do you love/hate your job?!?!? We wanna get to know our fans :)
How do you convice someone they have a drinking problem and they need help?
the ultimate guitar rig of doom is coming ... Hello Sunn Model T ...
CIO of the Year Awards! Huge!
thanks bud, Hope things are picking up for you! Need to get back to planning the reunion tour, miss everyone already!
1st time ever: I was served a highly relevant ad, that I was very interested in. Clicked & engaged with for 8+ minutes. The ad was for USPS.
If it doesn't look athletic, it's not.
That is amazing. I have the end of the month as one and whenever someone notices that something is wrong as the other deadline.
"Hi, Welcome to Hollister. Here's your gas mask and your flashlight."
O. I wanna get my claws into that. I'm a big fan. "There is no why." ;)
Let us fuck!
We vote beer! RT Or beer! RT #Bmorefail = huge success! Tx 2 4 fab day learning 2 fail. NEED COFFEE NEXT TIME!
At Chris' house in Marietta with his dog Lexi. Tornado sirens going off now near his house!! We see nothing yet.
Talking on here instead of livin life...that's that shit I don't like..
Old people are so cute
I wish i had cheek dimples. But instead i have 2 on the sides of my chin
Fragmented work day with trying to chauffeur everyone everywhere. Working now (again). Really need that van back up and running.
Hey. Thanks for your interest in StonerCouture. We're launching a new line of hemp products for pets. And we're getting ready to start ...
Come in today for $2 off a pound of bulk coffee!!!! Just mention the tweet
Multitouch gestures for the iPad is very useful. I wish I could do the same on my work PC.
Tax the RICH! You can call that class warfare. I call it common sense.
OKC in 7 Who wanna bet? Nothing less than 2 racks.
Progressive cha-cha lessons at Davidsonville Studio beginning July 20. www.baltimoresalsablog.com/wednesday.html
I'm very excited about the start of the new newspaper, Look for the first issue on campus tomorrow!
clearly a crappy one.
S/O to all the beautiful women out there..
Cheers to the weekend.
Cacao is a tree, native to South America, whose seeds are the source of cocoa and chocolate.
I don't really care what other races think, and if your claiming not to be Black, I don't care what you think.
As much as I love boxing, I hate it. And as much as I hate it, I love it. Budd Schulberg
My ass is parked on the Kings bandwagon....and once the Cup Final is over...You will find my heart still in Chicago.
Got a young brown stallion and she twenty years old when she pop it from the back u see that hairy asshole.R.I.P PIMP C
We welcome Colorado Whiskey to our tour line up for the conference. See, taste and learn about this elusive whiskey.
Guess Who's Hungry...
Have fun at NY show.
That's a joke LOL xD Thanks though, Julia :3 You're so sweet :*
Trog has since made me apologize to Father O'Neal for laughing during his sermon. I couldn't help it. He did gesture so. -Clay
"That's the last time I put corn in my chili."
Props to for introducing me to the
I've walked nearly 30k steps in three days, and while it's awesome... my right hip is really starting to hate me for it. Take tomorrow easy?
get it on iTunes.
Thought title of Winterson's memoir, "Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?" was clever until I got to the part when her mom asks her this.
Today I was in met museum with grandkids J and R.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Urth Caffe - Coffee Shop (live updates)
its fine
Grange t-shirts available at the arena starting 5:00pm Friday, April 20. Get them before we run out!
"How the h___ am I supposed to make my teammates better by PRACTICE?!" RT : "We talkin' bout practice." - Allen Iverson
Ryan Allen got fouled on that out of bounds play and of course no call
cheese is so lazy :(
Living The Fox & Hound Dream...
i luv u
thanks! That means a lot :)
Anybody know why Santa Monica Blvd. @ La Brea was closed down off with cop cars today?? Can't find anything on the news websites
we miss you too... Xoxo <3
Oh yeah :) *koolaid jammer guys voice* RT S/o to the new follower :D lol
Classic Lauren.
yea bring me a bottle from the Caymans.
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
lol Mel me and Bryson are gonna come down the street and knock on your door!!! ;)
It seems theres just too many let downs in the beginning, but I shall not give up!
k goodnight ♥
Great mtg today, bro - very excited about where we're heading!
Quoting my wife: "Dodger Stadium is less threatening during the week."
grad student researchers need to spend less time at the bench and more time really getting into some marx
looking forward to the #dfwsem & #smcdallas event to start! Thanks & for your time and success
So i'm just going to go play the sims and continue to enjoy the magic that's happening to my brain.
you can stay as long as you want geem says
U must have THAT good SHIT ! :) lol
show starts at 8:30. Acoustic opener Dave Hamilton from 56 Hope Road.
will do!
Dear Please release your new album and make my ovaries explode. I need it...
I'm so proud of my Group 3 mentees... All are exactly where they are supposed to be.
Diana Henriques: predatory lending stories were being done by the press. Didn't ask what happened next, though.
ok i just dont need to know thanks
I tried dancing in the rain yesterday. I still didn't like it.
Working with Carithers Flowers today. Filming an employee customer contact training program.
Watching my beautiful daughter at her ballet class.
is a follow to much to ask? xx 7
“: The moment you feel like giving up is the moment you need to push the hardest.” so true.
Win = Txting jade about how hot Dalton is....when Dalton is at her house watching the txt convo. Ohyes #win lmao.
Morning glory
Everybody know the Lakers gne win the next 2 games in L.A.
Snoop & Dre...ALWAYS ON TOP! 4EVER!! All other rappers take notes!
is there still going to be VIP for the BTR tour? Really wanting to meet you (:
The inning that won't end
patrolling the waters, hide ya wife, hide ya kids
is determined to "Step Up To The Plate!" BATTER UP!!!
I <3 butter
you're blessed with unparalleled talent. Your service is commendable. Thanks for singing me through some rough times!
What does #LeBron owe #Cavs fans? WWW.USSportspages.com
Wow. Who aired that? RSN?
8, as a tribute to the golden-platinum-diamond encrusted sombrero Chris Davis wore after going 0-8 at the plate
I just replied to your email! So sorry it's giving you a hard time. Looking over what I received, it looks fine! No worries!
I feel for you #Knicks fans,
This year's band line-up: Nicole Henry & LeNard Rutledge, Christabel & the Jons and Juanita Dixon
if you know it's wrong, and you still do it, that makes you wrong. #uknowbetter than to do something you're not suppose to!
Follow Me Please? And When's Our Wedding? ;D<3
Feb 18th at the Forest Laker come join Sabastian Roberts for a day of fun winter events and stay for the country rockin sounds of SR
Noosa turkey with attitude
Slingbox never works when i need it to
Thank you the hickey law firm for your DVD set purchase here in Miami.
#show I'll contact Sandra schulberg via Linkin a former Detroit Exec. from Lehman Brothers is onboard Watts Writing work shop hum
you still got ur phone ?
Let's go #RedSox!!! After a sac fly and a balk: the 1st lead of 2012 didn't come pretty
Butterfly by Crazy Town #throwback #onrepeat #oldiebutagoodie Listening to radio brings me back to my favorites from high school
All three panelists at CIPE underline that economic reforms, even more than political, will be gauge for success of Arab Spring
Bored out of my mind.
OHMYGOSH. Cody you are going to kill me with all this waiting<3
I suppose the question "are you a scholar?" is appropriate when visiting the International Student and Scholar office.
I think they do
thanks to me =)
RT : MSL receives it's banner and award for making U.S News' top High School list this morning at 10:30 in the auditorium!
They do villain redemption arcs all the time. Loki is in the process of one in the comics right now.
No I'm not laying in the floor watching the ceiling fan because someone I care for entirely too much might have MS and called me sobbing.
I'm not going to college.
YOU ARE
wanted all my friends to know our tv show grannies on safari was nominated for two emmy's..yea a thousand times. let you know after 11/4
i didnt -.- so if im grouchy sowy i juz didnt get enough sleep
yeah you are!
I have caved.. now all i need to do is figure out this silly twitter language stuff.
following u back love
Omw 2 the canal from delgado to talk to folk for a job.
lmaoo and put your lion back in your car *African accent*
Momma just called me and said if I want johns burgers hell Yeah Friday starting off good already 🍔🍟
Gave up trying to cook. The fam and I are in the town feeding our faces and enjoying some laughs.
well dm me as soon at it works!
is this worse than 1993 Pens??
so close to 30,000 Followers! Let's help them get there! Tell all your Friends!
Bout to try and go to sleep go class tomorrow. Hope i don't fall asleep in that bitch.
In 1 hour -Cut Copy performs a free pop up DJ set TONIGHT at 10:30 in Chicago (Division/Ashland). First come first serve!
Just got news, receiving cases and cases of Russian River Brewing Pliny the Elder in bottles & kegs. Shot for around Noon
Woot! 20% off for teacher appreciation this weekend at at on 14th!
Spring time in sf, time to BBQ!
Okay family. Lets go.. I really need my licence.
Awesome! Then tune in next Sunday... :P
Hey Spike, do you have any restaurant recommendations in Baltimore?
Q: R there any photo stylin courses out there 4 interior designers to take? Want 2 learn about what attracts interior mags to a project.
Miss you already Mami! We'll always have elevator tap dancing. RT : JFK--->LAX For good. For now.
Happy 4th of July! Hope you are enjoying a nice day! And to our friends outside the US - have a happy day! :)
Was wrong with You?
twinkie tuesday <3
studio tip: always good to let a few days go by then listen to that recording with fresh ears..
(LIVE) "How do we find ways to express personal vulnerability?" great Q. Isn't it abt taking risks? cultural barriers?
they offered favre the head coach job and he took it....then retired 5 mins later.
Happy mothers day to all you mothers you are appreciated!
round trip Wednesday23- that Monday. 450 southwest....is that too much?
aren't they nice? I got one a couple months back.
Great waking up with all of the windows open. Is it springtime yet?
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: 😘
RT : RT : I truly believe in the music that I make and represent. I also believe this is my destiny.
RT your mix cd was the shit cnt wait till Wednesday! (<-thank you so much! wish ur cam phone was workin sat! c ya soon)
are you planning on incorporating ar into your campaigns? How are you using ar+audience participation to create experiences?
yeh. I am familiar with this song and dance
Saturday 28th January - countdown to the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre.
Toledo QB Brogan Roback threw' very well' today for #Badgers WR coach Zach Azzanni. Offer could be coming shortly, according to the 4-star
bea-stie boys
No one is going to hand you ANYTHING, except for your parents, how hard you want to work for something is completely up to you.
Wish I was outside playing
MT : Sophia Packard, co-founder of seminary for African American women which would become , b. 1824
Have A Day.
I feel like dancing!
Love your new twitcon! :)
Last day of school :D
I GOT THIS DRANK IN MY CUP🍺
That only means this process needs 2 be over. But I won't rush it a bit I want the most healthiest baby ever (: !!! Gn Tweeple
#TerrificThursday have a splendid day :)
You can live your whole life and I hope you live long. Slow and low here at Little Bar.
I cannot wait for to finish Nursing School so I can have a Sunday afternoon sun-buddy!
- Lincoln, Washington, FDR and probably Jefferson
This is baseball,
lol eff you your fat too
legedu naanee might be the coolest football name.
Anyone in #KC interested in joining our #FantasyBaseball league. Not free league and must attend draft in person. Shoot me a DM for details
Studio tomorrow !!!
Its so beautiful out.
Ok goodnight! <3 XOXO much love! Have a goodnight 💗
Special Candlelight Meditation & Restorative Yoga class tonight at Transform NOLA, on Oak St., from 7-8:30 pm
You should start lobbying to be grand marshal of the rose parade! You've got my vote.
been home in boston!
Thanks for following, everyone - you're the best! Don't forget to sign up to get more info & a chance to win free race entry: indianamtb.com
. head locks are the new hugs. #ginger baker
Good Girl and hold on and I'll get a link to a pic
:-) RT : LOL RT : We swim because we are too SEXY for a sport that requires clothes
what about the guys?
Read the Kite Runner graphic novel. When did it become OK to take an incredibly moving book and turn it into a cartoon?
you're just jealous, bro.
if you're 18, about to get married, and have a baby on the way,
I'm tired as fuck,
I'm going to have to see it to believe it sir!
What are your top three questions for starting a business? #smallbiz #smb #small business
That move by James Harden! >>>>
who know who have an addiction to limeades when the lady at Sonic says "oh, i remember you from yesterday"
Just ordered more for a business thank-you. It's fast becoming my go-to way of saying 'thanks'!
#WeWontWorkoutIf you're jealous of everybody .
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY BESTFRIEND!! (:
Light bulbs can frequently burn out when a fixture cannot dissipate the heat of its bulbs.
Praise GOD from whom All Blessings Flow....
so how do I get a signed copy of said book???
Book signing for LETTERS TO YOUNG FILMMAKERS/Creativity and Getting your Films made is 7pm this Thursday Feb 2 at The Writers Store, Burbank
get them to do a promo video 😄
Excited for the brewing contest at Leinenkugel's beer garden at the Power Plant
: No doubt, he's talented. Just not certain that franchise has a place in 2012.
Another amazing year at the Albuquerque Film Festival. Great panels, films, and parties. I am so grateful for all the inspiration. Pics soon
Studying for chem
“: “ ": is a jerk he NEVER text me back :(" awkward”” something is not right...
Left is Right | South Korean political meeting descends into fisticuffs - CNN
RT - Tomorrow there will be no NBA or NFL in Cleveland. The Indians must have that Home Alone feeling. Throw a party & g...
Saints vs Lions and Heat game tonight. Plus live music and good times as we do it until 4am.
"She wears short shorts" No just no. School is to strict nowadays to let us wear short shorts
Twitter has decided I'm similar to Mensah Demary, no!!!!!!!!! Pleeeaaassseee no!!!!
I'm starting a hoverboarding movement for 2020.
fooling yourselves believing Weeden is the answer he will now be playing against real defenses
Im so inlove with life(:
Lake Wales, you guys rule! Thanks for making tonight awesome! Be sure to check out Beware's video when It comes out! Stay classy!
I expect a full day of ESPN using Bo's own words against him and spindoctor what he said. Put up your sheilds #Badgers fans.
Open Tuesday-Saturdy, 11-7, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space & catering on Mondays.
Awww whatever RT : Longest #OpeningDay game in Major League history. Happening now in Progressive Field. 16th inning.
And when someone as big as the president supports gay marriage, it's extremely important that everyone know why.
RT : Health care reform is a values statement, and it is working in Massachusetts.
how you like dem apples chick lol
Writing out parts to some new tunes again! Will play these and others at the Village Vanguard April 10 - 15!
Little O and ginger/jinjor can do the Star Trek Vulcan hand greeting like me#Livelong&prosper
We Rushers Love Our Boys is trending.
Good to connect with you - Love the MoWo!
Augmenting playlist function for something like music & audio book playlist w/ reader generated personal archives in private cloud
Was about to leave this roof party when dude brings up 4 pizzas. Great way to end
now reporting that Joe Paterno has died.RIP!!!
I'm thankful for God's breaking in my life this last season it shall produce healing in yours! #Hosea 6:1-3 (KJV)
