that's a good girl right there.
Everyone I'm not a "Cover Girl so just get used to it
I can't see the word Miller without immediately thinking Mac Miller.
People that wait until I do days of research to figure something out then make a suggestion
LET'S GO TO THE MALL
If you really want to be heard, whisper. - John Boswell
I't Veterans Day, please thank a veteran if you know one :)
In a dark world there is always still light, remember this.
Peter Sagal (NPR Wait, Wait) suggestion: Ask them to stand between you and your television. And turn on the A/C.
I had a wonderful dinner at U.S. pizza! Fajita chicken pizza, yum yum! My server was great & I got $5 off for mentioning restaurant week!
ION CARE ! She made me look like an idiot . . . ALL 3 OF EM !
thanks for the follow ma, stay tuned... Haan
whats cookn it's been a while things are slow this resession got me in a real trick bag whats a man 2 do men will B men and boyz will B boyz
RT <3 ^.^ One last happy birthday to
Yep, that definitely classifies as "badwagoner".
Crews working on the major chill water line in the Grove. No AC for Sid for 2 more days. accommodations being made for the RA's & Masters.
I've been such an asshole to most women in my life but I changed my ways a couple weeks ago trying to do the right thing
Fell asleep reading, woke up reading.
Beijing Auto Show: Volkswagen E-Bugster Presages Shape of Drop-Top Beetle
My Bestfriend Has Tha Greatest Ringtone For Me ;) Lmaoo .
I'm all ears
Ill bring the ants RT : I'm having a picnic this week.
So excited for Ashley to be home :))
I want to see your everything. Hehe :)
No worries man, I appreciate you keeping an eye out for me
I'm sad to hear of the passing of the talented Whitney Houston at such a young age - another reminder of dangers of recreational drug abuse
A Royals win tomorrow would make my day! : FOLLOWS ME! :) made my day! thanks!"
First Disneyland trip with in months is coming up!!! Can't wait to see my bestie! #soexcited!!
Home team win!
Why do boys think just because they wearing some trues or anything expensive they automatically get your number
offvjfioxkna ME PLEASE IM HERE ME PLEASE
I must know what ninja is.
oh no, all of you please keep tweeting about Wiz Khalifa, because i really care.
Thanks for the retweet
Michelle Obama is not the new Marie Antoinette. The criticism about her summer vacation to Spain is very unfair.
#dsum12 Atlanta is a big city, the capital of the South. And you wonder why we ask who is Klout?
were u at tucker last yr?
the one day I get asked to go to party and I can't go -_-
The fact that ny ex looks like the lead singer of #uabb and #fortoday trips me out.
Watching the Family Guy parody of Clue with lol
#HowToMakeItInAmerica LIVE FREE LIVE TO THE FULLEST
Que paso broskis? Ive been waiting to use that word lol RT : si actually working with OP! Lol
thanks. I'm here the whole week. try the veal cutlet.
hey frankie r u ok? Was it a tumor or hernia
Congrats to the four gastronauts from who recently passed the intorductory sommelier tests! #intergalactic #WayToGo!
Yes we all should b thankful, have a great day,
love you more!
Who's got cd duplication for the low?
We screens plenty here in FL How do you handle this? RT : Must take bugs into consideration
When are we going to bring our troops home? We've been at war for far too long.
building a winning tush one lunge time
That undoubtedly will be an issue for the courts to decide. Stay tuned.
The word is half his that speaks, and half his that hears it. -Michel Eyquem
shut your mouth!
Well, #drupalcon was fun. Now to spend 2 hours at the airport waiting for my delayed flight. With no working laptop. Whee!
doing some rosetta stone before going to sleep tonight :) ...tomorrow gonna be a great day!
agree - crafting credible stories with available data is an artform - too many people are 'waiting for more data'.
So glad this day is done
lol. If only we got paid for our quotes!
I think theres been more technicals in the NBA Finals alone than there was all season
hahaha fear that beard!
i don't know i guess it is up too me
I'm sure the compressed lockout schedule has nothing to do with these injuries.
Thanks for the tweet Matt. Record year for Draft Analyzer...thank you for your continued support.
RT : For every RT , $1 will be given to the Invisible Children Foundation of Uganda.
Jersey Shore Reunion. (;
Now they're playing Eye of the Tiger. Getting me psyched to remove my shoes and maybe my belt.
Thanks for the #FF :)
Damn that half-off candy. I am going to eat 1000 Reese Cups.
Happy 46th Birthday Janet Jackson! :)
exactly! Because Dahvie isn't a dumbass. And its just like what went down with Jessi Slaughter.
Haven't been on here in a while.
Tomorrow on The Student Section: We talk #Badgers Spring Game and NFL Draft with (5:10) and (5:30). Tune in 4-6
heck yeah dude, imma hit that up -WalterLOL
check out wiffiti.com you'll need flash to view it
Not at my birthday party???
Wow really #Wade ?
follow back??xx
Preliminary hearing underway in the case of the two women whose pit bull attacked a neighbor. The elderly woman eventually died.
Uncle Greg is coming in tonight, about to be laughing my ass off tonight lol
If the world is all a stage and the people are merrly players, who throws the tomatoes?
Next time I Like somebody , Imma keep it to myself These Lil BITCHES SNAKESS.
NO WHAT
Whoa! Yes, that is some serious #1940census addiction :-)
Jersey Shore!!! Lol. I was the only fist pumper for two days!!! Small world indeed beautiful.
that moment when you get a message from the person you like<3
Hey What network is the Grammys on?
"The Anointing" John P Kee
I've always thought saying things like this about pets was melodramatic, but now I'm going through it I understand...
Looking forward to the Timbers Kit Launch on 12/9 w/ our partners at Alaska Airlines. Nothing like being original w/ the Kit unveiling.
"You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness." -Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, JS Foer
Very cool! I have Kevin Fowler following me! Don't recognize the name? Check out his music,VERY cool! He needs to come to the West Coast!
Customs... 13 months old stamping passports
yeah gonna go to sleep all sad n shit, thanks.
lol me and my friends find it super annoying when white allies says they hate white ppl... um, i don't need you to do that...
I wish I could match more... Very cool idea.
It still hasn't really hit me yet I'm not in high school anymore its time for me to be an adult!
it's a shame to allow the left to make you leave. State bankruptcy is the only remedy for what has been done. ,)
RT : I really hope Obama convinces all the House members to stay in school
If there were a class on 'how to say no', I would totally pay tuition for it.
Mr. Nice Watch
😃 THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING ME!!! and i LOVE the new cover <3
I will post, but I won't be able to make IACRL :(
Some people these days...
haha you right though
Well I'm speechless! Amendment 1 was passed here in the NC. Looks like I'm moving this year if there is no change for equality
LMFAO. Brb gonna go die. JK o-o
Top gun
lonely. Is this what we've become?
RT : Realshit!!! RT : Man get Simon back on here ASAP!!!!
Call me crazy, but i am and have always been a #mlb2k fan....love this game, and u can play a full gm in 20 mins
I am going through my e-mail and listening to the wind and rain outside. I am thankful for an intact roof on my house.
Anything to help out an fan !
Congratulations to all the candidates who ran for offices... whether you won, or was dealt a loosing hand, thanks for your sportsmanship.
“: just watched osu beat wisc in #bigten hoops. you?” same
Been on a amazing writing streak this week 3 new songs I'm very eager to post Stay Tune
i had some issues with my twitter when i got my new phone so ive been off. I thought i signed up for poy months ago?
Someone please text me or something i freaking out
Good thing we didn't put up that pic..:)“: I got the DC sports buddy boot. if u take a pic with the mascot Ill be mad”
Good morning all! Happy draft day!!!
cool blog,
hahaha k I tell u what time tomorrow
alex rossi w/ a 3-pointer to give national the win over the american team ... nationals 136, american 133!
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
alright it's a deal :p
Went to see Hunger Games! Wow, what a film... Headed to Mirror Mirror tonight!
Lets Go Rangers!
The serves BRUNCH now!! Their eggs benedict is tied for 1st in my Milwaukee taste testing. & 95 cent Parmesan hash browns!
- sounds good anytime.
Those Kat pit tickets could possibly be sold out, its a little early to tell right now, try the 6:00 request hr!
I have a really bad headache ):
Hope to see you'll at the Tribeca Film Screening tonight from 7-9 pm at Leedy-Voulkos - 2012 Baltimore Avenue
So my cousin decided we should drive all the way to broad ripple to buy pizza
CHECK ME OUT IM ON THE MOVE ...www.mzzoe.com
I really wanna get On That with that bitch tomaa.
do u know u lookalike selena gome when u take off ur glasses!
that's awesome : )
Thanks for including us Chip!
unfortunately! haha don't look at me though! I'm more of a break and bake kind of guy
Yeah it's gonna be a good summer
Congratulations to the KU women's basketball team on a great season!
Love #WillieNelson #NowPlaying Willie Nelson –The Great Divide on
thanks for the retweets!
NYT reports 60 Minutes correspondent Mike Wallace has died at the age of 94
the thing iz that im not even supposed to have stickam or a twitter ..sukkz doesnt it ..so i cant make one . ):
I play for keeps!
Chicago condo hunting is the best. I am so excited just looking at floor plans.
We agree RT : Health is always a great answer, easy to take for granted but so true!
Chillin, I wish it was with my man.
Thanks for the RT, Joe. Appreciate you taking the time. Online therapy will save people time, trouble and money. Steve
Everyone has potential. Some people use it better than others.
I'm so torn.
Getting under 200 pounds was WAY easier than getting under 200 pages. My screenplay needs to go on ViSalus or something.
I like my booty too (: I stole mine from my momma
3DTV is hooked up and blazing some gaming in my face. Yeah-buddy! Batman AC looks awesome, so does WipEout HD -- both in 3D.
*friday hahaha. Come after your appointment!
Last day of teaching in Oakland!
Today's sunday. New episode of that American Gypsy show. Yes.
RT : Congrats! Look forward to catching up with your team in the new year... Happy Holidays!
Story's comments seem to agree with me.
supper out, party supply shopping, and volleyball with the Fowls, then home to grade papers. Fun night ahead.
It's only correct to listen to a song for the first time with your best headphones and the volume all the way up.
I wish I did! Haha I only slept for an hour! Haha
Just saw your job news, a big congrats! It sounds like an excellent opportunity
Od live u go to bar and they got ping pong tables and a library od would have to be a white bar
JOIN..THE..MOVEMENT..AS..WE.. PUSH..AN..ENTIRE..GENERATION.. TO..BE.. #INDEPENDENT #TEAMSELFMADE rizselfmade
Westbrook can get a triple double.. Where's the Westbrook haters now? Not a point guard huh? Get off my dick
Thanks for the follow!
Great Morning to everyone and Thank you Vets.....
didn't you already get an awesome present from the gift fairy?!?
Why is it soo hard to say I love you and I wanna be with just you
Not a good day for a headache.
i miss u my boo!
I had a long day at work today. time to start again
for future ref: tech colleges have laptops they bring out for events - northcentral tech college bought 12 computers today
and the kitchen weren't coordinated, resulting in long wait time. Might have improved by now. I went during its grand open week
If anyone wants to learn how to burn crescent rolls i can tell u. Put them in the oven and go outside and play with your dogs. Amazing!
hahaha. That my friend is the opposite of paradise
i wish i could see the We Came As Romans/A Day To Remember/Bring Me The Horizon/Pierce The Veil in boca on sunday :'''(
For sure - sounds like a plan! Haven't set din plans yet, maybe downtown?
Agree! RT : is an excellent moderator.
sigh. people are so dumb.
fun in the sun!
It's practically impossible to tear your eyes from the young lovers, Tony and Maria. Makes it hard to live-tweet!
Marriott said widespread network probs yesterday RT : wifi is MUCH better this morning at
GOOD IDEA. Know any good hills around here?? RT : All this snow makes me wanna sled!!!
Maybe I just skewed slightly old, but I'm incredibly proud I hated that show from day one.
Scouting for Girls; next week in Yorkshire Post, Mansfield 103 fm, Lincs Fm, Trax Fm, Newark Advertiser, Yorkshire Radio and Hallam FM!
Some people have the best jobs ever!
hope you BOTH dmbfucks know that when you hacked my acct the email got sent to my account.
Since the Pens game on Sunday was moved to 1230 I can no longer go. :-(...anyone wanna buy my tix?
you're my Asian station
Let me know when your website is up. I'm curious to learn more about your project.
Hi AJ! I'll look into it and see what the deal is :)
Music & food
I'm rooting for the IU program and you, Coach! Even though I'm a UK fan, I admire the IU fanbase and grew up in Indpls.
Mowed grass right before the rain hit.
Sit some where kid your making me nervous
I miss Fat Perez.
Wait, people still buy stuff made by Dell? Why?
K.Cator DID NOT say she would figure out how to get librarians in ESEA; when asked she said she'd go back and figure it all out
IDG Open Gov survey: ~13% of gov't respondents measure their use of Web 2.0 have metrics session this afternoon
Caught up with The Descendants (2011) and Haywire (2011)
April 23rd is World Book Night
um, did you see that ravens game? um, they need a new offense for next week. um, i have no idea what i am talking about.
The interview on this week was PheNomENal! New respect!
You made my life come to life.
Everyone get ready for to get back on Twitter...with wins comes Tweets.
i keep registering for HUSNGs and falling asleep/forgetting. -$1500 in the past 36 hours. I remain the worst.
I bet that last twitt didnt even make sence but anyway salsa valentina makes everything better.
Ugh. Philosophy is so boring
Loving it Hope he trails lots more We all have to unite for a better America
Taking Manchester to &#39;the next level&#39;
Stuck at the place getting my car fixed for about 3 hours in Biddeford. To bad it wasn't nice outside
Apparently I need to watch the Inter v Tottenham game...
Saw Jack White on Colbert...all I can say is "Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum" and "...awkward...!!!"
Reading "Global Parliamentary Report" f/ IPU and
Sure :)) followed ;)
not that I have any evidentiary proof. (this jokey thread should probably never have started)
Does Ribs on Wheels count?
Yea that's about it. The possibilities are endless.
Gave up trying to understand electromagnetism for my final tomorrow. #Parenthood marathon instead!!
Got lots of love from , , , !!! They make it okay to fall in love && one day be a mommy!
it's in my belleh *rubs tummy*
Have to say it, is just killing it this afternoon. JC and the Uptown Sound, Automatic, Franti, just keep it rolling.
Completely empty Starbucks, guy sits in a chair three feet from the bathroom. Questionable decision making OR
It's my Sister's last night in #MyCYM and i'm so excited for what God has for her in the future!!! I LOVE YOU!!! :D
RT #IReallyHateWhen my boyfriend calls all his "friends girls" his bestfriends -___-
Wit my new bit** That's livin I'n palms springs Young ass nigg@ Life long dreams! #drizzy #clubparadisetour #Ready4It the
awe how cute of you :)
ahhhmazing! Thank you! Can't wait to get there.
that's wussup I see u been grindin
haha, i tried making cookies.xD
Thank you and back atchya!
i swear.. my belly button piercing better not be infected.
in NYC to? Bet you're enjoying the city, I just moved here the other day
have lots for you know the numbers.
#abaws - Cable companies were after market share
Erase-E in the building club atmosphere sat night!!!!
Chilling with in NYC. Good times.
just do it lol
“: lol well duhh I don't know about Katie but I been weird 💁 aha” I will never admit it
I thought I could hear a vague shout of 'yayyyy, we're relevant again!' coming from the basement of Slichter Hall.
This fool just ate popeyes now he's at the gym
Chronicle was surprisingly better than expected.
whats wrong?? im good as usual lol but u lets talk about you...
At #NAI2011 tuesday keynote, talking about Enos Mills...who is that guy anyway? Know anything about him ?
I try to keep it slightly more professional here. I save those for #facebook. In other news, I got the iPhone.
oh my gosh you cut your hair??
I hate everything right now.
i shoulda told you :l i was tir3d
Getting ready for #dtla #artwalk tonight with ... Too bad I can't stay out late 😡
But there's nothing wrong w/ making the tough, big, life-changing decisions. Those are the best things I've done in my life.
Huh. . .cut the cheese. . .LACQUER.
Beijing's Panchen Lama Holds Court in Hong Kong - Wall Street Journal (blog)
. it is a marketing ploy so that people dont feel "left out"
On vaca don't bother me!!
Vogue is like Playboy for women: We mostly read it for the articles.
Yes indeed! Hoping to visit some time in the spring. How do you like the program so far?
It was a good ass time tonight until Mad Mex declared war on my digestive system.
“: Yeah, She is "no joke". See if You can get Her to #CMChat. "Now" would be good! > ” thanks!!
Mount St. Helens ain't got nothin on ma butt right now.
I don't hate people because I'm an asshole. I hate people because THEY are assholes.
New on tap : Ballast Point Sculpin IPA and Left Coast Trestles!
Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes has died. R.I.P. Mike...
Thank God for letting me see another year, i won't let y'all down
Had an absolutely AMAZING time on Saturday night with Whiskey Kill! Hell of a good time thanks for everyone who came out!
at american eagle there are boxer shorts that say duh on them. GET SHOPPIN, BRUNO!
Getting ready for NY roto league baseball draft - many such updates tonight one imagines - while Sneakz preps for her fantasy weather draft.
Wondering if I should get highlights..... Hm... :/
Ethics should precede economics... We know this because we've seen the results of capitalism without conscience
We are soo not getting out of here at 4:30.
Mom randomness "I'm so glad I'm not throwing up" Um yeah!
Make it nasty : )
Olberman is a douche bag
I feel the same way u need excitement sometimesRT : #WeWontWorkoutIf your not spontaneous!
Enjoyed a baseball weekend. Go Rice Owls!
This can be a good thing or a bad thing. He's either interested in what you do or obsessive/possessive. You'll find out.
. we have some serious work to do getting & distributed in TX. Deadline: next Xmas ale season.
Why can't I learn through osmosis?
London is a great city to visit. Great music scene. Just buy the Time Out and you want to stay for weeks!
if I had one wish, I would wish my laundry was done!
Check out the new Champions Tour Fan Page on Facebook ! Join in on the fun!
Seriously considering skipping the NATO festivities & staying in Springfield next weekend...
Thanks to everyone who came to our first show! Hope you enjoyed! Give us feedback!
m pizza. joke time: what kind of pizza should you order if you can't eat a lot of salt?
This turns out.
. NodeXL can display or remove grid lines and edges. See Autofill Columns or contact me for support.
you ok, darling? My phone rang last night after I left but then u were gone so I thought u butt-dialed me. Then didn't see u today
*snatches you No. 3* Can I keep this?
HAH!! I like orange vegetables, but don't eat enough to keep my skin looking lovely!
On the near horizon: new fiction, travel essays, serial columns, book reviews and more!
Today>>> Funny AF !
Enjoyed "Run Through The Jungle" by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
Is anyone else terrified to see what criminal Florida will produce next?
"If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is 'thank you,' it will be enough."--Meister Eckhart (various wordings)
And now they're playing Taken by !! :D
I have my own de-icer, it's called menopause!
my bdays on july 24 too!
Lordy, how can it only be Tuesday! On the other hand, look how much I've already experienced this week and it's only Tuesday!
RT : “: "Whoever gossips with you, will gossip of you." ~ Oscar Wilde” So true
Suck my tweets and bitch if you don't like them then #choke lol
Closed LONG $NZDUSD for +40 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 74% SHORT
1940s museums started going into the commhnuty to schools, libraries, military barracks.
Dallas Auction Gallery Sets Record Auction Price ... - Dallas Art News
There's not really anything for me to do today. I did everything yesterday.
Boy oh boy getting up at 3am is no fun bout tho head-out to memphis,Tn
Wasn't referring to you per se, just the general disdain for the about-to-be-crowned national champs
Pandora rustled up Hootie and the Blowfish and I was all "Really Pandora!?" and then jammed out and never gave it a thumbs down.
Is the word trust in peoples vocabulary anymore?
When are we starting Text for Change In Zambia?
thank you for doing what's right. You have earned our business.
Don't ever tell anybody everything. If you do, you'll just start missing everybody.
Thank you for the opportunity to connect with the community and be a part of #smbmad we greatly appreciate it!
Please retweet for me to anyone in Austin area! Just looking for more people that may be in the market for a new mattress or new furniture!
Rainy days make it 10x harder to get up, for real.
#Adventure of the day: Parasailing 500 ft. over the Pacific in Marina Del Rey. With my dad as he knocks an item off his bucket list.
Miami&#39;s Wayne Morris amond Springfield Raceway leaders
Off to sleep, going to Southern Ivy tomorrow to get a new tie on sale!!
I took today off to get a number of things done, I got sick instead. I'll try again Friday and spend the rest of today sleeping i guess? :(
thank you.<3
My bad gm
Celebrating ' first tv gig (and paycheck!) with chili and cheap champagne
Sitting outside having oysters at Walter's Foods. Ah, I love you, Brooklyn.
Very excited bout my Spartans this year in football gonna wreck on everyone go Sparta!!!
I love ya like Pu**y, money, weed
I have back issues--you can see them after I black out my pieces. It was also thrilling to grow up to drink at the same bar as Spike Vrusho.
Karma's gonna come for you boo & I can't wait to see that bitch 😄
I'm pretty sure the phrase cock slap would be involved. That probably is indicative of me needing a time out. LOL.
Why are the security tags on clothes so heavy. It's impossible to tell how a shirt really looks with a 2 lb weight pulling down the back
However, if OEM compatible ink jet tubes aren’t affordable then apply for remanufactured tubes
that just freaks me out - must have just missed the first incident. nobody makes me feel more threatened than angry teens.
you played me like a fool using your words as the tool in this sick game yet only i am left to blame for all the shame you brought upon me
Inkdt now does Acoustic Skins!!!! Get 'em!
oh I'm always good
Renouncing citizenship to avoid taxes? What's next, a Presidential candidate hiding money overseas to avoid taxes? Oh wait...
Oh no you didn't... I'm hooked!
its amazing how one person can make such a difference in the world
Hey beer lover, you know INTA happens in a dry county, right?
We good.
That's terrible. Makes me want to cry. He WAS a slave. Plenty of incredibly intelligent people were enslaved, of course. Ugh.
what all u got to get from da store
No doubt but that Simmons kid is supposedly a better player. Hard to say but I feel he's got more potential in the long hall
u shuldnt live so far away all on ohio and stuff no u come chicago yes?
Three fans shy of 400! Wow, that was fast! Almost time for a new promotion. Any suggestions? :)
catchin up on my #degrassi YEAh!!!!!
East & West MAX runs "at full capacity both ways" #PDX #mayorconvo Not so sure about that ...
I like how these niggas just 💦over me haha its cute 😘☺💜
You're awesome! Thanks for the RT. Hope you had a great birthday last week. :)
#supermodels... what are we waiting on? we need to go ahead and cut that check.
all my followers thanks for following i have only had a twitter account for 2 days xD
not feeling to well :/
Bands bands bands
French Roast via French press.
My business cards from Moo are here!!
Young Preezy is so cute, adding himself to all the other Preezy bios. They are all Composite Preezys now.
Infamous Platinum!
Dude, she's out of your league
My mom and I are doing the special k challenge together ☺ the cutest
get on board!
Aahh. Good. Because it's a good picture.
love how im on your bio
Live moment to moment in a new dating relationship. Enjoy this, your new love. You wouldn't read the end of the book first.
RT : Did you know that you can remove temporary tattoos by sticking tape over them then peeling back the tape? Mind officially blown
New is excellent! I'm surprised it such a low rating in the Mac App Store.
Today is for Christmas shopping.
Getting ready for a great new year! Last year was a defining year, this year is going to be the best yet!
Pick anything over $20.00 and save 30% 11/25-26. There won%27t be another sale like this before the Holidays!
Sometimes for other things...like desserts
I love Tanisha! the Star of BGC! Always will be, I look forward to watching your tv show Your Hilarious! :)
sorry. Tried to figure it out. Things are good. I should be in Morgantown next Monday. Maybe me and the noodle will stop by
This wind is dangerous.
another brownie needs no introduction! :)
I would like to thank The Academy
One night. Family member having major surgery.
The Spurs made all the right moves.
Hey! I just figured out that #LongIslandMedium is not a show about a family of retards. Weird.
I hope so. Me and you like Babs and Buster Bunny
i'm onw officially hating you despite haging over MIL shoulder my carne asada still no where near as good
At least it's not snowing... come by for fish and chips at the tavern tonight!
Where's my refrigerator..
I'm in Upper Fells Point and I am noticing the the water pressure is diminishing. Anyone else? Meaning?
"frame by frame analysis...". Getting all CSI up in this shit, city attorneys!
Have you ever considered a wardrobe swap with him? I think that would work.
they don't come off... EVER
I mean... Do what u gotta do, just don't get hurt n the process! Lemme know how it goes
Man your all full of zingers tonite #FORE!
RT : Beyonce sent her first tweet yesterday... 3.7 million followers in 1 day. Kanye - 222k his first day. "Who runs the world?"
I see that as impossible. As long as there are class distinctions, there will be a state.
I always have to start my day with music. :]
Thanks for this link!
Arrived in Macau a few hours ago, love it already! let's wear off this jet lag by starting with a thai massage followed by an asian dinner.
Robertson Stadium On The Campus Of The U of H Will Be The Host Facility For The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston
Do you lick the Sweet & Tart Dressing off the bottom of your bowl?
Just added the new R9 irons to the rental inventory. Very sharp clubs.
Coming with ribbon!
your samples are in the mail. Please enjoy and can't wait for your feed back.
I already follow you girl :)
post dispatch articles it's good for I don't have to search for it, also if your bank has an app it's good to get it also
Is back to work after a fun lil weekend
Are u racing at the Mt Sac Relays and/or Penn Relays next month?
I've been drug free for 11 days. And it's going to stay like that for a long time. I don't think my guy gets out for like 6-10 years. Sigh.
still say Jermaine...
I hate ths bus
Im hungry.
Don't worry so much about your self-esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward. -Laura Schlessinger
I am a Chinese Jew.
I don't care about money, Rangers have plenty. This was best team since 94, short of winning it all is disappointment
thinking about u
no problem.
so the answer to her question is "not the front passenger side since thats the death seat"
I ain't cooking shit for y'all lol
Jon Lovitz is amazing
kind of. I haven't really had much time to plan much. But that's a good idea!
Same! Have you seen the BBC mini series? Swoon...
Not gonna lie, this karaoke night is fun as HELL. The people who come in really make the night! Still time to join us sing 4 shots
Good luck at your new job at !
Okay going to sleep for real now.
#September You're not August, or July, so cool the hell down already.
Laying in your bed
Who wants some money if I win??
Take imperfect action! Just act!
Thank you for the follow as well!
i asked this kid jon who he was because i forgot his name i said " HE YOU BLUE DUCK TAPE HAT WHO ARE YOU ?!?!?!?"
reviewed the emails - reply sent via text. time waits for who - no one!
": In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa"
Yes ma'am!
what up?! Just did pickle shots with
yes. Because dating someone who's like your 'brother' or 'sister' is gross. LOL it's called incest.
4TH DAY OF FINALS and 4 more days left. Everyone keep up the hard work. :D
lets go pacman!!!
Checking all the boxes, well done. Milgauss is next for me, until then happy with my UN Marine, 'Ling SO, Carerra, and Monaco.
me too ps bring some ear plugs for Eric Church if you're standing next to me... It's gunna be wild
As of Dec. '11 there were 200K WWII vets still on the VA's rolls, 147,000 Korea, 1m Vietnam, 630,000 peacetime, 1m+ Gulf war era
10 days without a smoke. Miming a cigarette as I type this. People think I'm kissing my fingers.
Lmao in the league or over seas?
Test tube shots!!
i'm not even going to pretend that i'm not bitter about this.
Gone. Another independent bookstore bit the dust. I recommend supporting in SF if you can.
was up was Up :)
Season finale of
that is so interesting to me.
haha.Yes I was. But it's not like I was a die hard fan! Hard to be a die hard fan when I'm not from there or ever liked them b4
RT : Why Citi uses spons: connect & build brand, build oppty to establish relationships, and sell product.
This is real BLACK music. Not milk chocolate! This is pure COCO and you can call it soul. "Comin from where I'm from"... Enjoy!
Alice, omg. You're so pretty.
Never play soccer on an uneven hill after having a few... Ouch there goes my ankle :/
I can't wait to open the market with " LUSI.OB " tomorrow penny stocks will trun my life around.
Today 1922: Sleet storm that hit central Wisconsin covered everything under 2 inches of ice.
Just crossed paths with a fitness guy at He devotes every morning to staying abreast of emerging trends in his industry.
Doing what I do! Bc no one does it better! :)
If you're going to ask me about what I say on my twitter, could you at least follow me, so I know you're creeping?
And I guess it's time to let go, have faith, and hope for the best.
How to plot thousands of points on a map w/o overwhelming client? Cluster points using an algorithm to look for logical groups.
who do i need to curse at?
If thats all u got, u gots ta finish it!!!!- silk
nope its ok...if ur a crazy cat lady!?!?! :P
yep! I'm a volunteer :) see you there?
a million coconuts says that you'll never read this tweet or follow me.~
If you guys meet me at Prost on California at 5, I'll pay up. They allow babies at the bar, Pete; mine'll be in tow
So ready for the weekend.! :D
Watching #DWTS US Semifinal.....wow...really good but what happened to KJ?
Thanks, Dave. RT So grateful for Nothing like good stories that challenge heart and mind...and skin color.
yep brekky coffe omlette red onion, 3 colored peppers, couple cheeses, cayene, basil cooked virgin cocout iul & grass fed butter yum
MAHALO #hon12 for allowing me to share my Life's Journey! I had a great time! God Bless and have a great weekend! - Elwin
Discover...Find out about the current issues. Dream...imagine ways to create a better Nation. DO...take action and get involved.
ROFLMAO!!!!!! Those chili fries make ya tired?
for now on its BLOOD BATH..to u bitchess lol
I love that show!!! Don't hate! I'll go watch with her!
Scams video blog » Blog Archive » Minnesota Vikings Quarterbacks ...
thank you
i love my bfs cock!!!
WooHoo!! Good for you!!
To be honest before I graduate high school I need to get with a fine black girl, I need a little chocolate in my life...
Nice feminism, bitch.
Thanks doll! 🎉
I love your dress! It's so pretty!
Giants have a little somethin' cooking here, Belt singles and Pagan goes to 3rd with nobody out
class tonight!!! #improv :D
just shows that they really,really want to win the computer :-)
Tempted to spend a ridiculous amount on a bottle of single malt scotch. After 3 Storm Kings I do stupid things!
the rumor is that Ringer got the ax because Sarah is pregnant. Secret Circle was even a surprise on local CW stations ....
I wish this could be easier.
"Fire & Rain" by James Taylor It inspires me to live me life and not wait for things just to happen. BTW I live in Nash now!!
of course, I love you. ;) bahah
Only 5 more days 'til I have real interwebs!!!! No more of this iPhone only garbage!
Having fun today showing Saydel HS students how to access ebooks via our FollettShelf AND our AEA's Mackin portals!
I Know My Life Isn't On Track But I Pray That The Mother Of My Child Forgives Me, You Are A Wonderful Woman and Mother
you know what I'm talking about, then.
hahah lol I can't now lol when I get to work I'll get it
I've been using app Snap n Drag for Mac Book to Screen Capture ppts slides and add notes in Word...
Thanks for the follow Amber, we are following back, have a good one!
"And im the god looking mother fucker in da corner and alex is my shunned black slave with one arm" Best text Ive ever received thanks AJ
Thank you!
I finally get 2c ur apartment , but where is it TV 4 us 2 watch the Knicks vs miami series? :)
It's official. Tebow has made a believer of my atheist bro-in-law. Amazing.
Whataaaa??? Buy some decent headphones and you'll need just one pair for years of use.
A nigga will try to tear you down smh why tho
Good Luck , Today against Baylor
I would have a hard time keeping a straight face.
he wouldnt stand a chance if it was my first lunch of the day!
enjoy my friend.
This isn't hard--Just
I'm staying inside. There is no breeze from the river or very much shade here.
Every time one of the mechanics come into the waiting room I wanna ask "how is she?"
Looking at apartments 😁
our favorite was the dangler regarding Ginger White... and the subsequent joke 'fitting a lot into one interview' Ha
then to shot is gone you scored good all you need is thirty hours just go bruh it's good boring but good
CUTE DRESS
My bus ride to work is the white collar equivalent of the pickup truck taking migrant workers to the field, same sad faces but more IPhones.
#AlzWisdom: ME: look ma (Im dancing 2 commercial on tv) MA: (stopped eating snack) *laughs* #priceless #I'llAlwaysLuvMyMama
I think scaladoc is to fussy and interactive. It also needs a visual cleanup; javadoc is bare and simple, to its credit
Bizarre. It's down on my phone, my computer, & through IMAP.
#GirlsFavoriteLine Well i need a ride #MYFavoriteLine Well start dialing
So you don't think Kasim's plan is a good idea on order to get policemen & firemen to live in ATL?
Happy Monday to everyone.
Went to karaoke joint in Dallas, Texas Almost every single singer had an amazing American idol voice. It was startling.
It's the steroids!
Jeff houge gave a good recorded presentation on plain language and online tool at writeclearly.org
Sending a prayer for Rich Ramirez and his family. It was a pleasure to perform with you. Thanks for the laughs and sharing your gifts! RIP
I have not decided! They all look fulfilling! ;)
The only L's Boston gonna bring is some... Low scores. Sixers baby!!! We gotta watch together!
hi just wanted yo say #ABDC7 here we come i talked to phunk #teamFollowback << plz follow and help support
The Millionaires are well.......the lyrics are not the best to say the least lol
kristi is hosting PBS arts fest program the little mermaid tomorrow & worked with before
Smiley's Beach Party is back at Eat'n Park! 99-cent kids' meals, summer specials...what's not to love?
you are the man.... let us know when editing is done, can't wait to see the video!
you look gorg ! cute couple (;
Kentucky: 5 million people, 5 last names
Did you get 50 Shades yet?!
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up 25 cent Wing Special (from 8pm to 12am) , $5 you call it on DRINKS & TAPAS W/ DJ 12 Tribe on the tables
There is a lot of work going into #StuPidasso right now to setup the groundwork of the studio, but rest assured it is getting done.
Well let's hope that's the case man! Let us know what you think!
Yes, all the time.
feel so kind atm giving loads of shoutouts! ahaha(a)
If you want your life to change, you have to change your life.
kay u too! Love you!
Yes, me 2! Saw it once twinkling RED, another awesome moment in my life...
poor thing :( I'm sorry missy that's no good at all.
How I'ma Get Sick On A Friday .
My office, er needs a new coffee grinder. Sounds like a muffler is falling off this one.
yes, I have done this act plenty of times before
says there was no rush to release state numbers, today is deadline. They were on time, not early
Whats up nigga....where u at
#MyPastRelationships always involve us becoming besties in the end <3
Aww, reading tweets that #Dick Clark died. I grew up watching him on #American Bandstand
back at ya boo! ^_^
#scarymovierulestoliveby If you hear a strange noise, don't go exploring trying to find the source. You're not Dora.
sigh. RT “: #fyi Alfred Hitchcock never won an Academy Award for direction of a film”
Questioner suggests that Google commit to hiring 5 PhD students from his department each year. (He's joking. Mostly.)
great talking with you as well! 319 got some attention today at least its safer. I will still push for demo. Thanks!!
At this nasty ass show & is killing it!
Where's home for you? We'd love to have you see our show.
ohh true that's good though
All answers must be called in, however if you reply with your 1st and last name we will send you a discount code 4 a FREE day!
how bout cena at msg for the rumble ?
Okay, liking Hugh Fremont. Going with that for now. Thanks!!
Aw shucks. Thanks! Best of luck with your new endeavors!
Watching 4th quarter at Bellagio sportsbook. Just feels right
the riot is for u!! Duhh!!!
there is no greater freedom than being yourself...
": come with me to harrys"..u want me to eat healthier?
here for my brother's wedding :-)
tmrw will be my last day in this bitch
a dream..or hopes and wishes in the form of vivid and intentional imagery?
hi sweets! How are you, you feeling better? I've missed you. xx
Incredible efficiency to/through EWR this morning. From my apartment through security in <30 min. Very impressed
RT If olive oil comes from olives, and peanut oil comes from peanuts...where does Baby Oil come from ?
Gotta watch Sass N Style: www.youtube.com/ahsalinger
Good day...two news stations picked up an APA! press release and now KOHAN IS HERE!
Our pleasure, Mimi! Hope you're having a great week!
thanks! I think this year's sxsw is going to be insane as usual, but definitely fun for us.
Thanks for the follow! MARSHMALLOW MADNESS! by - delicious and fluffy gourmet marshmallow recipes.
Bought it last year but it took listening to it on repeat on a 6 hour drive to really love Tom Russell's cinephile-friendly album
Don't know if my phone screen getting smaller or my eyesight leaving me.
hot bath.
yeah there #athletic budget is pretty much unlimited. Well its nice to have #philknight as an #alumni lol.
Meeting adjourned!
#exciting day in the library! in honor of #randomactsofkindness free chilli in the library :)
Yo Jo, I do graphic and web design w my biz. That's how I roll. You need help, tweet my hand-dol.
ahaha really!/? :'O i still take it has long has it say do me ;'P
Awards become corroded, friends gather no dust. -Jesse Owens
Can We Trust 'The B---- in Apartment 23' ?
Also congrats to on his sick 3rd place finish for over 34k
#9RoundMinute 25 Crunches followed with 25 Side Lunges. Ready….GO!!
Government (i.e. NPS) use of social media is a constant source of amusement for me. Most of the time, it's like watching a
Christianity taught men that love is worth more than intelligence.
blue by genesis
Got My Account back from a Hacker Now i can Talk way more.
aw sorry honey. But it will be so wonderful to have you back home-I'll make cookies! xx
Totally cheering for on #theVoice tonight!
Hey Karina, I would love to chat with you about what you're up to. I'm with I wonder if there may be some synergy.
Is it weird that I haven't seen any of the American Pie movies?
RT : Great chatting, everyone - happy holidays!
I find it funny and amusing when not famous people act famous on twitter and think people want to know every damn thing they do
until Google finishes their migration tool to move existing Google Plus accounts to Google Apps-based accounts, I can't use Google Plus
blah! i hate stalkers!
Chipping away at this revision. Just hit page 55. Pages are looking all scribbly. Here's to a better second draft!
Looking for #BlackFriday plans/sales? Get the scoop in tomorrow's special Holiday Shopping edition. Can't wait!
OMG , that headache I just had <<<
Coach pop coach of the year!
At the rodeo/ Rodney Atkins. With
I feel like wacthing Mean Girls. -___-
Wow! I'm tweeting from my new Samsung Galaxy Nexus smartphone.
My sociology teacher admitted to
Gn0d and I playing game of "if we move to DC, what gets to come?" So far, dog, cat, art, and art books have made the cut.
I would totally be your friend if we lived closer.
Now, about this Kentucky Derby murder (stops blinking, reaches for popcorn)
Yes, I meant IT dept., thinking they are into control of systems, and not keen on renagades. how do u escape?
Great! Hope you can make it! Tues @ 2pm ET RT : Me too! RT : Think I need Res Lighting Magazine webinar!
Did you know: all pet sessions with Castle in the Air include a donation to the Society? It's true. We love our fur babies, too!
definitely trade with Stana Katic. 'New' rising talent!
i made it home. and i havent coughed, sneezed, or vomited blood or feces. plus i got my much needed prescription. success? i'd say so.
DO IT it's so worth it. i feel so free.
Are you eating whole, UNPROCESSED foods that are nutrient-dense? Your health can depend on that ...
The FLC is standard reading for anyone who cares about food. Should be on everyone's book shelf
"Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement." - C.S. Lewis
Should I grow the full beard?
Indeed i will give you a cookie if you follow me
Haha fair enough, that would be awesome! But I want you to pick some out fo sho. Good teaser haha...
#YouKnowYouFromDallas when you freestyle with your boys you say "I doone came doown.
Remember that hyper kid in grade school that needed to take those special pills? Thats me day 5 of this
So in about a year and 4 days , ill be legalized (y) B)
yes i do, actually at HQ right now doing some work.
Are you attending any #ArtBasel events on SoBe? Stop by and see us for lunch in between exhibitions! Noon-3PM, all you can eat!
Ahh, Pink your voice is so refreshing on a night like this.
I'm in elk grovethies, lol. i'll be back out there in a lil bit.
Is is Sunday yet?
With Peyton Manning's departure, "...Indianapolis is Brokenheartsville..." per Mike Lopresti's USA Today piece. I couldn't agree more.
Running the risk of having too many ice cream themed tweets, that was the best way to end today
like seriously for real though, look at me tweeting all over the place. GOD.
A wise man once told me don't argue with fool, 'cause people from a distance can't tell who is who.
I hope everyone out there a Happy Easter Sunday!
What is going on with comcast?
sitting in tulane waiting on uncle mervin!
I think I should be a song writter, can't sing but I have the sweetest poetry inside me that needs soft music to match it
What up people
Movie recommendation is Faye Dunaway in "Mommie Dearest"..happy mothers day
Jesus saves
make sure you tell Lloyd to see it, lol
#SwaveNation all day.
Doctors can already turn them away, can't they? Isn't it a right-to-serve scenario in most states?
fuck everything, and everyone. seriously.
Wishing the Cardinals good luck in playoffs tongiht...Go Cards!!
yeah what time? JL right?
Back fromm hell (: its been a long week...
Hilarious and terrifying.
Lately, I've been working on removing parentheses from my writing (they're usually unnecessary).
Chin up, mommy!
Unless you copy the retweet and schedule it as you would a normal message by pasting it etc.
My brother when he was younger used to be like Dora I'm not going to tell you my favorite part if you always copy it
Monday...this week is already to long...Next week Spring Break!!!!!!!!
People may get away with it all the time, but these practices are loan fraud, punishable by a nice vacation at Club Fed
Get to the place in your life where "being your best" is good enough!
Join us @ Malcolm Library for fun stories, rhymes and songs tomorrow 10:15 and 11 a.m. Space is limited to 30 including adults.[Kids 0-5]
RT : If you treat your audience with respect, they'll read your stuff. They have a lot to choose from on the web. -
I miss you. Where are you?
BREAKING: Lindsay Lohan has red hair again.
interesting! We're working 'round the clock to improve the accuracy and experience, so thanks for the feedback & for sharing!
Thanks for sharing!
It took me a full page of notebook paper to verify that, yes, I do have playoff hopes and, yes, they depend on you winning now.
just tell me when to come!
#Really? Showing a Wade commercial on FSO during a #Cavs game? Epic fail Jordan, (for target audience), you've been shitlisted
I was thinking the same thing haha! :) I think it will work lol.
its 1 am. what am i doing awake.
glad to hear everything else is working good and the eyes topmost days
Positive energy in my business this week!
so excited for our boy phillip
Feelin' nice and woozy!!
that was I just dance! Haha
Mornin tweetsters every #FOLLOW great music
If it's ever going to happen, it's going to happen in December.
IR repositories must be a part of a univ's "reputation mgt"
Even though Oct has seen 196% of it's average rainfall, Portland woman claims it rarely rains in the fall.
Lol okRT me don't get off til 5 tho lol“ Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious #teamfit”
In light of all this #pinkslime discussion I'd like to grind my own steaks to make ground beef for burgers. I bet it's just fantastic.
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do. - Dylan Thomas
Ugh missed the train.
I'm enjoying the rain pouring outside the window; my office feels cozy today. Just don't want to leave for my afternoon mtgs.
Gotta go
Loving the Rocket Fish all around town!
let me know if I can set up a retry....it would be my pleasure to host
Sorry, I'm a little late but yes, I was working the game the other night. Work the Cubs one on May 13th as well.
Money money Cash
#didyouknow Over its life, a cow can provide 200,000 glasses -- or 12,500 gallons (47,300 liters) -- of milk. Crazy, right?
pleasantly surprised by the #GuyCode trend tweets!
Sippin on that yac, Rollin off a bean, shawty on her back, I'm tryna get it in ha
Life is a journey you don't know what to expect on the road
your team is a bunch of pussies, flop flop flop hahaha
good luck tonight. looking for a streak ender.
baby you light up my world like nobody else
So great to be singing again! Diving right on w/ prep for fall districts in KC!
Not going to school friday ,
hahah my dad lives over here;D
I'm confused :-/
ME TOO, OMG. I CAN'T VOTE MORE THAN ONE TIME, FML. THANK YOU SO MUCH<33
Trust=Brand. Brand=Value. The first goal of the arts is to stay valuable. Without value, no funding is secure.
RT : We hope you'll contribute an article for publication! To assist you, the manuscript guidelines:...
salsa is flame-roasted & hand-peeled. Peeling chiles 4 a living has got 2 B the greatest job EVER! Heck, I've been doin' it 4 free.
Still casting the revolving door that is ROCK BOTTOM A MUSICAL OPUS. Seeking studly lead actor-singer-drummer... anyone come to mind?
Anyone else think the toilet paper 'roll cover' was a joke and now realize they probably ought to get one right away.
Shot portions of our promo video tonight. Laurel, Jen, Andy, Martha: officially rockstars!
Haha james is still a fag
woo! Welcome to Twitter, now...start a LI if you haven't already :)
Keystone XL opponents are back on Capitol Hill dressed as referees. They're waving red flags while Rep. Shimkus pushes for #KXL, tax breaks.
I'm not sure how but I bet we'd paint houses better with a camel drawn interceptor.
#MarvelGamesNews on the way..
Looks like was not a #blackfriday gimmick - congrats on extremely infectious #advertising!
Dismayed at much difficulty am having lately staying properly hydrated.
I came. I saw. I conked out. What'd I miss?
Dude!! Cyndi Lauper just walked by me in Union Station! #childof80s!
the beast was definitely a lion bear lol
never feel stupider than when i poke myself in the eye
OK FINE I UNFOLLOWED YOU CAUSE I DONT LOVE YOU ANYMORE
Friday from 2-5 only! Come by 209 Gold to get tickets for The Spanish Room March 16 show for 50% off! This Friday only from 2-5!!
science is logical; emotions are not:-)
Do you think about my old jeep, think about the stars in the sky.
and of course, I hope you had a wonderful day
For once a good conversation around here! ;) RT : I really like that there's serious discussion about Cricket teams in my office.
Croquetas for breakfast>
Congratulations to former FOLMC Board Member, David Stewart on his new book to be released
Its a MONDAY! I want to be on a beach in the Caribbean right now. How about you?
Seriously, you'd only clear $230 Mil? out of $600 Mil?? Ugh. Just tell me the the jackpot is $230 Mil.
I heart you Todd Helton
We just passed 100 visitors at the Embassy of #Kazakhstan, and it's not even 11
Awesome!!! i dyed the tips of my friends hair for her. Oh if your looking out for me, i'll be wearing a mini top hat.lol
Watching on SNL :D
Im not finna text you , unless you text me first .
EVERYONE BLOCK THIS PAGE IS DUMB
Trying to adjust to the week starting - no more vacation
haha she actually went to Notre Dame! and i think lives down the street from me? lol. Cool shes doing scuba!!
text me about that Twolves game
I musta missed that one?
Hey I spent the first day of Spring Break (whoo!) putting Arch on the old 1st gen e. Netbooks--they're the future.
Delighted to discover Susan Shreve's Plum and Jaggers, a novel that explores some of the same territory as my Blind Girl's Bluff.
how are you today? hope things are well..
I can't believe you ate my larabar!!! Well...ok...it was YOUR larabar. Maybe I'll just gnaw on my arm for a bit.
I dont h8 mexcans. just h8 the ones tt come illegally. dont goto school,sell drugs, & hav tons of babies 2 populate the world. -whiteboysays
everybody have a good and safe thanksgiving
Thanks, Sol!
Sex is sex & Love is Love...There is a distinct difference between the2! Too Many ppl use sex to chase/hold on to love...Love from the heart
I'm gonna sound like a snob: Relegation is a purely professional concept, it cannot be fairly applied to amateur athletics
I {heart} Freddy's Pizzeria in Cicero area. They have a cute patio but the best gelato.
If I was around ur way I got you lol
Twitter in the classroom
Heat = overrated
Beat it up like
Wow starting to get ridiculous in St. Louis. When was the last time a referee has completely taken over a playoff game.
you're not in this time zone, are you?
Engine and/or Graphics Programmer position available at world renowned studio in Boston, MA. Ping me @
Still sick today, need decongestants now. But maybe if I get lucky I share this with co-workers.
#lazysaturdays love love love
Yoga pants make ur butt look good.
What a track meet at the Rose Bowl!
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than folks without them can ever imagine.
nevermind. Now I'm going to keep it.(: u seemed like u wanted it gone badly(:
And part 6 is live now. No further mention of you, but...you might like it anyway.
The rule is you're allowed to complain about one but have to pretend you love the rest. Choose wisely.
Bitch, Im the man, don't forget It.
Just sayin'. Big unique space just itchin' to host a party!
getting a tan at the beach haha
#DowntonAbbey is on sale William!
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. -Pat Riley
Any Dispensary want to do vending out there?
Undefeated lady patriots!(:
I hate to make plans because people like to lollygag
Back at work and feeling stressed? Try deep breathing to clear your head and re-focus.
I love giving advice to my best friend <333 love you baby stay strong!!! I'm always here for you!!!!(:
How are your arms?! Great job today!
DAMN! That was a sick dunk by JR Smith
I'm so hungry but nothing sounds appetizing. Fuck this stomach flu 😷
TONY a word of encouragement? it is so hard to lift out of mediocrity WHY? Have ever been afrais of success? Good night bro
Tonight we partying for
hallelujah, hallelujah you have power back.
San Diego's best Italian cafe bites the dust. Caffe Vergnano in Hillcrest shutting down by the end of the month.
It will be posted & active from Midnight thru Noon. Check it out. Thanks, Abeachdude (Jim in Orlando)
Thanks for the retweet :-D
yesterday mek kept takin smokin breaks and every time he came back id see him wit the mek blown face on lol too funny
I have a C in chemistry 😃 I thought I had a D.
Skyping while were at #Social with Bianca in her
THIS IS JUST CHILDISH
You Love it!
Eating Hot Cheetos
I peeped the video and it was DOOOOPPPPPEEE
is seriously the funniest person ever. So glad she got her own show!
yo my last re-tweet gos out to you mane hahaha
Standing outside of my apartment with a bottle of jack Daniels, I live on the edge... Or I forgot my key, don't get caught :/
Birthdays then: 'Wow! Look at all these presents!' Birthdays now: 'Wow! Look at all these notifications!'
The Last LOL
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.-Napoleon Hill
He killed that track..
Get a corndog for lunch! Warm up in the snow @ Unicorn! Open now @ noon!!!! Starting today!!!
just give levek a big ole hug for me when you finally make it to florida!
Don't forget the small Houston area businesses during this Christmas season and "Shop Small"!
Living young and wild and free! :)
Some People just piss me off
Going to the mattress factory
this place's about to blow oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Right on!-->The market is always right. Must listen to what people are saying.
#Jackass will never be the same. R.I.P #Ryan Dunn.
Today on someone will be wearing a wizard costume...watch at three to find out why!
Know a Tasty Kakes runner? Little difficult to get the out here.
I don't understand fans who only care about winning. Watching Barcelona pass the ball out of the backfield makes me happy.
Luckily, I saw him at last year's Ponderosa Stomp. He was truly talented. There isn't much press on his passing.
are you still showing Madmen on Sunday nights?
COUPLES NIGHT! 2-for-1 Entry for ALL COUPLES...ALL NIGHT LONG! Call for a FREE LIMO PICK UP! 702.894.4167
Who you going with Sunday? Who do you have anyway?
cross country soulmating is hard work.
watching Insidious! 😨 I'm scared and it just started lol
that's wats up
Took a little nap. Time to read ☺
good what abt u
Thx very much for the #FollowNow!
#3wordsforyou Hands over pizza
My waiter's name is Vegas....
#Avengers 'nuff said
hahahahaha oh god....
I know, right! Good times. Good times.
lol its a prank. when he tweets like stop what or something we are all gonna be llike BEING PERFECT
follow me?
thanks bro!
After what you told me today I keep over thinking and second guessinng myself /:
Keeping a close eye on the Endeavour launch. Lift off at 8:56am for last mission...we'll have it live! Fingers crossed the weather holds!
Doing my 1st set at the Hollywood on Sunset Blvd tonight!
Just waiting for *douchemiller to add me on fb...growing inpatient.
Retweet DO NOT GO OUTSIDE IF YOU'RE IN THE EYE #Ike (Good reminder: there are very strong winds on other side of eye.)
Telling someone "you have good skin" is also a nice way of letting them know they don't have much else going for them
Ack, sitting in a linguistics class over syntax. Haven't taken ling courses since spring 2010! Terribly nervous...
sorry dean I'm leaving and never talking to you again. apparent kiley has a problem with us talking:(<\3 bye!
Life Keeps Telling Me I Need To Go, But What If I Wanna Stay???
40 mins to the premiere. Time to get out the cocktails.
sitting in on the Broadband Stimulus Package Special Focus Day at WiMAX Forum Congress Americas - great speakers!
Cadec Global Launches PowerVue Enterprise Edition, Setting New Standard for Advanced Fleet Management
So excited to hear speak!
thank you Obama that's what he wants to destroy the USA
o u so hipster
If she acting stingy with that head I'm a replace her lol
Wipeout has to be the best show on ABC! Now Americas Got Talent!
#fact RT Ewoks are always happy, they naturally release lots of ENDORphins.
Getting tired of spending money on tanning and nothing happening
- Yay! Can't wait. I'll text u during the week. Love u tons!
"In a start-up, there are no knowns... What you want is people comfortable with chaos." - Steve Blank, last night at Latino Startup Alliance
Cried myself to sleep last night . Lol nbd .
County music in the spring & summertime >
Hopefully people read between the lines and find some wholesome value -important for grad students to experience publishing
America canT afford another over-privileged trust fund son like #georgeallen or #mittromney. George W Bush proved th folly of fallG for THAT
All of us here in your hometown are so proud of you! You're on the local news every week and about to be again soon :D
Happy Greek Easter to everyone
well he will have an ace receiver to throw to! Loving the raider pick of chriner u of a baby
I would hold Texas in a higher regard if I based my opinion solely on your tweets. Sadly, we're taking about Texas.
you be spending too much time on tumblr fredo ;) you be exposing us !!
CAD/CAM innovation: a pathway to better implant restorative dentistry
an angel with one wing would just fly in circles. Lol
Can't wait to see at Vans Warped Tour 2012♥
Apologies for the hacked messages - all fixed. Thanks judges Dafna Jam and Maddy Beckwith Markets for the heads up.
Thanks for the mention! I'm in love with FishFoam!
I have always liked their knit ware patterns, but their stuff is very expensive. It seems that I am not the only one ;-)
Crab cakes and a New York strip... Gotta love Prime.
Stating the obvious: Americans (including myself) are addicted to distraction. Consumerism veils the issues that go continuously unsolved.
thanks for the follow, we've got a few "Hoosier fans for life" on our BOD too! Come talk hoops with us at the Kickoff.
Today iis UNESCO’s World Book Day, chosen due to the anniversary of Cervantes’ death, as well as Shakespeare’s birth and death.
Life's too short to never have lived in
Stick acting silly again, and I'm in losers for marvel. :/
The smell of curry bothers me lol
Oh I'm sure it is rene ~.~
Doing great thanks. Busy day at work :)
A few club students are making a feature this summer. Please check out
welcome the new born!
Why don't the shitty things in life happen to shitty people? I'll never understand that about the world.
The sky is the limit.
: in the merry ol' UK was my 200th #Follower. He deserved a happy
Did so much flvs today, proud of me ☺👏
RT : Fun Fact: South Africa is the second largest exporter of fruit in the world
and for Presley Askew???
Ha yes amongst the millions of mentions she gets a second but crazier things have happened
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 15
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
July 20th seems so far away. I can't believe it'll be over though, Nolan did Batman justice.
Listening to a podcast on the economics of hitchhiking. Sometimes a fellow can just be too darn smart.
Football, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Holidays and then ... returns to the on NYE, your $99 tickets coming soon !!
Let's conect.
Oh do i got a story for my best friends.
Yes I did walk to Denny's and am eating alone, relaxing day :)
I miss y'all big head Niggaz 😁
Thanks For Following Me Your So Awesome!!!
how does the mini handle?
Sounds Great! am down for a collaB!
Word! As long as it's not exclusive to Canada I'm fine waiting.
It's official! The status for our TTB application online has gone from nonexistent to "Pending"...
I'd tell you to watch Caps-Rangers at 12:30 but Chelsea-Liverpool should be a good game.
Had an awesome mtg with Kimery with Such a great group to paddle with an no better location in Austin!
Follow me please? Love you!
That thing where you sit alone in your hotel room and read your paper out loud
Here come the water works.
is a classic #FF recommendation! Thanks - and a bushel basket of shiny red apples for all the great educators behind the @ sign!
Strip House is pretty solid as well. Loved Croatia ep btw!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!(:
m. possible retraction. just perused page & it looks like too much work. salad from sounds about right...
I'm always enjoying #FULLCOURTLIFE wish it was an hour. By the way date was better. Sorry La. lol.
no but i dont care really as long as i have the autograph i am fine :)
R u a serious Hip Hop artist, do u live n Detroit, do u want 2 be apart of an award winning Hip hop documentary? Send me sum of ur music
chillen kid same shit wbu ? What you been up too
Midnight premiere of the avengers! #sopumped!
Awww u having withdrawals
I love Jealous (:
#ThingsIGetAlot....Your nails are way too cute && they're such WEAPONS lol :-) :-) :-)
WATCH EBON LURKS ON YOUTUBE =] I REMEMBER WHEN I TINYCHATTED WITH HIM I LOVE HIM CAUSE HE LOVES HIS FANS....
I really don't wanna drive right now -__-
Also, I am proud of some Pens fans. Flyers fans are as foolish as ever. Don't watch the game then show up after a win celebrating.
Showered clothes iron and in bed winning I'm so excited about tomorrow ☺
Office Uniforms Catalog - Davids Domain
I literally haven't done ANY homework all may
Im No Better Than The Bum In The Corner, And Neither Are You.
Wen i write i say the silent lines you never see on my life script. I say the hidden words that wasn't recorded.
: >> Again, Thanx for the follow. We will add you to your "List" ~~ "Have A Successful Day" ~~
oh please! Lol
Erin that man making me laugh. RT you say that as if there aren't gay people in your community.
Thanks love
GM Tweetie-ladybugs. Tuesday is a day to embrace that reality that the week has started. Raise your heads high, and be the best you can be.
Glad the Lakers showed up with their X-Factor "World Peace". Lets see how Mamba plays against solid teams with no help....
Just wish he ain't tht fine !
Im blessed with a light facial hair. Women love rubbing on it. Can't keep em off. When you get women with it, Holla.
“: Good looking website.” www.chadthebailguy.con
have fun in Lawrence!
A foot massage can stimulate vital functions, eliminate toxins, & improve blood circulation. When was the last time you had a foot massage?
I think about you more than you realize. Most likely about the same things....
just got done playin bball owned mikie (; now getting ready to go out with the girls :)
Though all my music has a 'Live concert ' sound,,, without fan responce,,,I am now looking for studio help to creat a , ''Hight Quality...
When helps me with my homework
I really hate that I #can'tfallasleep! #insomnia sucks!
Absolutely too short. Robert Carlyle and played my favorite characters. I'd kill for another season (or movie).
Uh, you know thats impossible?
Sometimes all you can do is give your best and if it's not good enough for one person than they never really deserved to see it.
Lauren Is the coolest person I've ever met:))))
Good to know that as Ralph's daughter Nefra let us all know his favorite word was "mothrf$%%" Good friend Jimmy Buffet played in his honor.
Theme song of the day
Hat tip to for coming up with it! :) Now, to spread the idea!
look at you catching up with the rest of the world!
nice six packs! 
Panda poop is yummy
it all comes down to this !!!
Nice talk with EFF folks. Learned that librarians are the only profession to have won the Pioneer Awards.
Oh no! Are you coming down to AC?
welcome to Twitter UD! How's the offseason goin?
14: ok um 1st of all I clucking love your icon and 2nd your bio is cool i will never regret following you <3
just looked at the class pic from 2004-05---where is Raphael?! :-)
Thank god for coffee because how else would I shit 6 times before noon
Too many joyous moments in life to let the minute ones get you down and frown; keep smiling!
Fist bump!
Delayed reply: I'm doing well ;-) Thanks for all the hilarious tweets.
Ok, so I'm chatting on facebook with a Tibetan monk I met in India. Pretty freaking cool.
The Collection really hopes to meet in person over Xmas break!
"Our entire universe is a subtle fabric of space distorted by the presence of matter" - Isaac Asimov in Electronic Age magazine (1971)
I drank 3 Neuro Bliss today and I still feel terrible. Do you seriously find joy in making me feel this low?
I'm not that fancy. I might get a 3rd party SSD drive later and set it up. Cheaper that way
Im sleepy ...
RT : Trend #3 Local. Stop by Balihoo booth if you are attending #aadigital to learn more about local marketing automation
At the Cause Marketing session in room 118 to start the day. What sessions are you looking forward to today?
Twitter universe: does anyone know if you can get steak and kidney pudding in San Francisco, and I mean pudding and not pie.
um I thought I was following ur sister! Tell her happy mothers day & we need a plan to get babygirl on the Big Screens
Listening to
posted and article an I was already finished with the paper. But added it anyway
Chris Johnson, commentator, is a photographic & video artist, writer, curator & arts administrator.
CRASH: Officer involved crash has the intersection of Willis and Haven blocked in North Portland
Hi Carla - Thanks and let's stay connected! Cheers, -Carlos
Question: Why is Basketball such a messy sport? ** Answer: Because you dribble on the floor!
what's sopa
Wait. They play New York, New York DURING Rangers games? , looking in your direction.
just watched "Origins" on #GAC and I am so inspired! I can't wait to be as successful as you someday! You guys are amazing!
Smh I done seen and heard it all.....
YES! “: coming back to the Untied States of America!!! Look for it now showing on The Weather Channel!”
Didn't plant yet . . . but trees are blossoming . . .
Ugh I need more sleep. I'm soo tired. :(
I'm a sucker for groupons too. hehe
I know you weren't! Haha I'm only 5'1 ;) see ya tomorrow ma'am!
How My Jordans Make Me Look 1000x Taller. <<
Q7: Best: Australia - Worst: dark alleys
I'm alright I guess.. It could be worse...
“: love our life-planning sessions! Xo” yes love our coffee talks
It's hella old ppl at this Waffle House... I wonder if I'm gonna eat there a lot when I get old... Hm...
Closed #beta testing of the #Vizzda platform begins today. We are standing by for #support and looking forward to feedback!
Thinkin about getting streaks in my hair...
On crosscountry flight with crying infant right next to me we just made an emergency landing in Kansas City Life just gets better LOU LAW
writing mayday lyrics on my bed room wall...
You can NEVER use smiles too much. EVAR! :)
Yo, if I arrive a few days early for Evo, will you come and teach me how to play Guilty Gear! Or just beat me up in Marvel :*(
Pandora Radio and tanning outside. Perfect combination. :)
Truly a great loss. Open source software is the embodiment of social justice on many levels.
Headed to Augsberg College for our game in the Best Buy Classic
sounds good :)
Newt says he doesn't take polls to figure out where he stands on an issue (only cash).
Thank you and for helping to spread that is closed tomorrow.
Had no idea was into muddin' - Good thing I had some rope to pull her out! That's one cool mom - bogging b4 breakfast! :)
Can social media boost or hurt a Bdwy show before it opens?
I think I've decided to liveblog the #CTAC from behind the Box Office window. Should be a weird...fishtank view of the festivities.
Here comes a bunt.
OMG Rhinestone Cowboy! My evening is complete.
Happy Derby Day!
Like waiting until there arent as many good qb's in the next draft RT : Oklahoma return: “There is still a lot more to do.”
i know... me neither... and i see u lol watchin gypsy wedding... thats my show
