Why I like him? Hm, they'll be a very long list! ;) Why do you like him? :)
"If we are going to survive we need a news industry we can trust" - i.e. fact checking
Food break, at 4:30 we are out and have to wait for the park to re open for gradbash. Should be a fun night, battery at 32% :/
You Would Be VERY Surprised At What All I Know, But Even More Surprised At What You DON'T Know! Do More Than Just Follow Me... TALK TO ME.
heat, how long it takes my hair to grow out, my mood I'm so random with my hair at times
Special thanks to the Newport Mesa Unified School District for their gifts to our Christmas Store!! What a huge blessing!
haha oh gotcha
You make a really good point. My question is: what makes the personal opinion of a critic valid as a consumer report?
#migraine and lots of stuff to do.
Can I hit it in the MORNING?
#wiunion ..Problem is my brain repeated: "I can't Stand Walker" Oh NO! ~~I need to be less judgmental: This is What Democracy Looks Like?
testifies at 9:30 a.m. in Columbus in support of Mayor Jackson's school plan.
Sweet! Looks awesome! RT Here's the big announcement #RunLA ladies! New race!!
wuuuutevaahh 💁 you guys don't know what I'm scared of 😉 & no its not aliens. xD
some guy at Starbucks is trying to make me join his cult by initiating zero eye contact and not talking to me. it's working.
:) I love you
Sometimes it hurts so much that you want to embed itself in the face of what such a fool ...
Getting closer & closer to making a life changing decision :/
Oh shit! Just realized it's 1 month exactly till we raaagggeeee!!!!!
that's so bad:(
Dont forget to eat your brain food. Just order from me, thats all i cook
Loving some Ms. Whitney tribute on
Trip to NOLA the last week of July! Where should I eat?
Good afternoon tweets! Rain is falling here.
it is better to have ... whats the rest? i forgot
The Rays game was a blast. Nice ballpark, low key, great hitting & defense. 5-4 win.
that was us last week when #radiohead was on sale 4 Verizon! luckily we got in! :-)
Thinking of getting a new laptop. Refurb'd 15" macbook pro w/ hi-res screen. Can you beat that in a $2k budget, in apple & laptop form?
UH football to play 7 home games
that's funny
I've said/written this three times today: We can see it when we are ready to see it. Epilogue: It's there right now.
Bill Clinton's real-life aging looks like fake Back to the Future aging.
And I'm the gay one?!
I am with you. When I hear "peanut butter" and "banana" I am sold.
“: One Shining Moment was actually written at East Lansing's Varsity Inn (now Los Tres Amigos).”
Can't wait to see it Ronnie! :-0
You can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness..
This lean been n my freezer for like 2 months *shrugs shoulders*
The winner of the Gift Card is ! Congratulations! (DM us your address and we will mail it to you)
any minute now.....
Which makes more sense,"hair extensions or extension hair"? please everyone give us your feedback. Thanks Mari Ari
Don’t want to attract police attention during Mifflin? Then make sure you don’t overcrowd balconies and houses!
Today's NY Times crossword puzzle has put me off milk for a while. I'll have to find something else to have my cereal wit.
Had to peel a Kony sticker off a carrel last night. Defacing library furniture: the original social networking.
69 is the only dinner for 2
Emailed Groupon & NM Magazine, twice. Haven't heard from NM Mag & it took 3 weeks for Groupon to get back to me. (2/6)
I was super pumped to find Slam Dunkel last night!!
Thanks for the follow!
Tebow doesnt have crap on me, I'm about to be pulling down 12 million dollars a year.
Dont get the new Honda commercials. They act like life ends & u cant do nething when u get married. Life has just BEGUN with marriage!
England captain John Terry to be prosecuted for "racially aggravated public order offence"...wow...... #law&orderUK
RT : Drinking an Alpha King by — you're welcome
Of course I will!!!! <3333
Fuck that "Metta World Peace" shit, I will always refer to that moron as Artest
According to Krugman logic, Detroit must be a boom town right now.
welcome, welcome, welcome! : )
Yeahoo! Now you can come home! RT : BATTLEGROUND - Day 36 of 36 complete. And that's a frickin' WRAP!!
Security here is so WHACK! Go have a seat and do what you're good at ... NOTHING!!!
I'll let you park in the front. Just to stunt.
can ur biggest fan get a follow back
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYALFREDO yu should make notice me ? ;D
lol no I am not in Mexico - what made you think that? :)
The numbers speak for themselves we are still in the midst of an #HIV crisis but knowledge is pwr
If you would sign your NASCAR Plaza lease, they might return calls to us! We want to move in, but nobody will answer us!
that's a great question! cc:
Someone fly me to the sample sale please!!!
We are at the C.O.V.E Forum @ McKinley Tech Amphitheater Room 2nd & T St., NE
Did you have words with that Bengal who pulled you down by your locs?
Discussing sick time abuse and steps to correct within div of fire
we can't help that we are so beautiful ;)
Hoping for a little #sunshine tomorrow.
Not just numbers, you word-miracle worker
smarter than me
Just went past 50 twitter followers! Thanks to everyone for the support!
I am now the mayor of my own office on FourSquare. My rule will be firm but benevolent.
Ha Ha you're little boy's got a little poppin' & breakin' to the
I'm getting purple colored contacts! #checkitout!
I generally tweet on my phone too but it's nice to have a twitter option that I really like on the iPad.
My bench points 53 points now. a bit sick
Thank you to all those who supported the launch of "Boston: Inspirational Women" from What a great holiday season!
Ha something I'll never forget.. And you'll never remember. Come back soon! RT : Norman 2. Dylan 0.
my fav place to go and hang out, what happen in Vegas stays in Vegas.. Lol have fun. French toast.
If you could travel anywhere tomorrow, where would you go?
I can see you. I'll come over over lunch to meet you ~ Karyn, Marketing Director
From my DC source, not only did Mayor fly first class to Washington, but he chatted w/ actress Charlize Theron (also on plane)
Friday Friday friday gotta get down on Friday
!!!!!!!!!!!! ": If you leave early during a Heat game, eres tremendo come mierda."
Shout Out to Leslie Nease and all the ladies attending 2day's Ladies Conf ~ may Jesus be huge and hearts abundantly blessed!
I love Billy Idol and I love Kiss and I love BVB therefore I love the new EP even it isn't even out!
The great thing about making your first film is that every mistake becomes your style.
oh you saved my number I see?? Haha
All those fairytales are full of shit One more stupid love song I'll be sick
That look painful!!
i reaaallly wanna play some Borderlands if you can get a good enough connection
amazing is the only word I have for it really. It blew me away--equal parts wonder and horror--but what a tremendous story.
On twitter? I haven't gotten it yet. :/ can you try again?
Enjoy the Oscars and the fabulous clothes and don't forget about glimmertrain!
at kmart dressed all ghetto like with pink slippers.
WELL IM SORRY FOR YOU BUT THE CITY IS ONLY 15MINUTES AWAY FROM ME
When you have liven my life,you're welcome to judge.
Let me be clear! I did not act upon my information! Let them not bash me in their Bitbook!
Shot Out to she's cute AF and she FOLLOWS BACK so FOLLOW HER
RT : "YES" I said baby I'm due October 31 TRICK OR TREAT!// CONGRATS!!!, LOL
down to finish writing our EP =/ but we really want a chance to play with you again!!
We haven't seen that on our site... But it sure looks hot!
Never mind I find someone like you I love you so much♥
he was the only guy hustling there. Everyone else was asleep
Also, it's great to have a variety of tools; I've often recommended SCS to folks on Windows; heard many good things!
lmao. U really are crazy Q...... Me too tho. Lol
Worked on a project today that required 6 different colored highlighers (for organizational purposes, of course). Gotta love PR!
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift. Albert Einstein
Got a new i-fone....amazing!!!!
Ah. Thanks, Andie!
please do.. If you need more info or pricelist dm me
started of the day by fighting with the bestfriend ..... great.
THANKS SO MUCH! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!! “: . LOVE the logo! Can't wait until you hit thestrEATS!”
Daily Special, Mon 03/26/12 - Country fried steak served with mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09
New nickname given to Sproles by the munchkin: Happy Feet!
I totally love
Outofcontrolandannoying. That's one word, right?
It's a great day to be alive. Everyone Cheer up.
Thanks for the follow! Hope to see you around on the OG website sometime!
Twitter was created to make you feel like you're the only person in the world without a podcast.
You know Kelly Clarkson's voice resonates with folks when security guard at your work building is singing "Breakaway" at 7.05 am #itsFriday!
Seeing doctors and nurses smoking >
I. Am. There!
Gonna make an INXS and Oingo Boingo mix tape for this totally rad hottie who smokes cloves and looks like Adam Ant.
#umediacenter Films from the Vaults today in UW's Odegaard. No popcorn but lots of Eastman Ektachrome film. Sesshu Toyo currently scrolling.
I know a guy in CA working for NASA.
Thanks Teresa:-) The blog is pretty new but I'm having fun with it. Glad you stopped by to visit.
My buddy is close to the 50k mark for his "Ass Back Home" cover video! Amazing stuff, give him a follow.
I'm sorry, do yo thang then ;)
I hope is having a good time here in Detroit!
What do you do for your 75th anniversary? We're celebrating by making our delicious doughnuts, like we always do!
The swiftness of time is infinite, as is still more evident when we look back on the past. - Seneca
JORDAN! i have an important question
um, let's all sit here and wait until we can leave this teacher had a break down or something
Yesterday was another crazy day in the NFL. Are the lions really 4-0?
Water Damage Repair And Cleanup Michigan - Metro Detroit - Grand Rapids MI - Sarasota Florida* Flood Damage Repair Contractor 888-822-9500
hope everyone has a good safe day:)
That's good. We hope to see you soon!
a future as a private investigator? those guys get paid a shit ton to do nothing.
now I do cuz I told u! C:
April 16th is sentencing.
Please do!
Early morning hard at work everyday
Its going to be a little drizzy tomorrow expect a lil wayne! Lol
hoe w/e.. It Brings back sad memories now. :'(
When did the GOP start caring about "urban" children?
Getting ready to get it at Danny's Lounge Its about to go down if you ain't here you missing out.
I was thinking of shit for us to do together once you get to Denver I was thinking first stop #playersclub then
tip-toes around #DWTS rumors on and talks #BofA marathon- girl's got a lot of good going on
Sitting at Demo's on a breezy night. Good food and friends. NSt.Mary's is hopping! I love living in such a vibrant, eclectic area.
I am so happy it's sunny outside. As usual, and are right on point!
So Nice Out <3
Rearranged all of my apps/folders on my iPhone and now it takes me a year to find everything. #
Come join me at Master Buffet tomorrow for THRIVE Lunch 11:30am! Nothing like going to on a restaurant adventure and networking!!!!
thanks dude, that means a lot
In the words of the Poet Laureate Ice Cube: Today was a good day.
Well said. :-) ": Why can't people just get along,why so much hate,if you don't like someone don't follow them!I'm not a hater.
Asthma rates at highest level ever, CDC says
Ya he is lol
You're Welcome! :) Maybe we can work together one day. I may need a photographer for a couple of "prom-like" events I'm doing ;)
yes, but none more than the thunderous girl severs
RT Sometimes I wish god could just come down and tel me some of the tings I need to know, cause I hate being confused!
LMAO LUV IT! RT : LOL! Feel free to make PR announcements about bathing at your con, I usually do XD
haha it's okay & yea dude omg lol it's been forever since that day
Gettin some sleep.. Headin to Pittsburgh in the morning. Need to bring the #Brewers good luck. Also lookin forward to trying #primantibros!
Just met Lori Fogarty from ! Hooray for connections to outreach to our East Bay BAEMPs!
And hormones swoop in to ruin my evening. Fantastic.
You're welcome, great post!
So are my kids!! RT : Excited Favorite Male Singer Kids Choice Awards 2012 Is Justin Bieber
maybe its good i skipped out in preparation for the shit show this week
i listen to "chasing the sun" on repeat in the gym and everyone looks at me crazy as i sing "OH OH OH OH OH OH..." LOL
That's right Jackson, don't let me or (Mike Proctor) catch you dissing the gentleman's game.
I'll believe it when I see some digital MSS... there have been so many announcements over the past few years!
Acting on one of my 2012 resolutions already. Booyah!
just voted for you 25 times for the all-star game! keep walking!
check out Cage and Lachenmann for more harpsichord fun
turn those clocks forward tomorrow night! Yay for more daylight!
Thanks for checking it out bro! Glad your enjoying it. RT : CD is hot bro!!!!!👍👍
Yawn, just got up... Sleepy but I have to go to school
Virgin Festival moving to Merriweather...not sure how I feel about that. I like the price. Full story at www.baltimorebusinessjournal.com
i wish i was a turtle ... turtles don't give a f*ck about anything ... they're just like " hey man ... i'm a turtle ... what's going on?? "
Omg followed me! I am so excited I absolutely admire her n I am so glad she followed me! Thank Ariel! :)
just saw your video and I'm loving all of your nailpolishes! Def hitting up Rite Aid once they come out!! :)
#SignsAPersonCantCook lol put the pot in the right front but turn the heat on the left rear.smh.Lol
Damn near need a nap
Converted from the B2b to Galaxy S 2! Large screen and AMAZINGLY thin and light!
Ohh what did you realize??
celtics lose yeah buddy :)
At my community association Frankford Improvement Association's monthly meeting.
Maybe it was aural... either way, awful.
Happy Hump Day!!!
Ha thanks for the endorsement Hyedi!
... So, their devs can't find a way to add hotkeys to gatekeeper?..
#raw10 Rem they wanted 2 impeach Pres. Clinton 4 lying 2 the Grand Jury? Bush lied about weapons, we n a war 4 what, he should b doing time!
My first time experiencing the start of a new semester here at UNC Charlotte. LOTS of students in the library. I'm impressed!
Would really love to play hookie today bout oh well...
OH....do share the recipe!!
My boo called me super size . That's okaii cuz I call her super duper size ( BOOBS PEOPLE LOL )
Good morning everyone!!
“Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master. Thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild.” - Dante
I hatched homie.
Boo! Thx for the tip. You're the best for design resources! Still need to return your prepress book. Likely'll be in HTX in Sept.
About to watch Derby Baby Crazy crowd here.
Worried worse than that. Last group of practicum teachers didn't know Google Docs, Diigo--basic tools, let alone online/blended.
good to see you tonight. Congrats again and I can't wait for your detailed and diligent reporting.
That seems a better use of Foucault than Foucault knew.
Sitting two tables over from Kevin Love!
this whole job hunting interviewing negotiating business is giving me the shakes.
Lakers are gonna win by 5 tonight
Galaxy Macau(TM) Phase 2 -- A New Chapter Begins
Patternmaking... Again. I think I need a drink.
Hi guys
I quote that line way too much. So applicable to my life.
Good Morning. Back to the grind. Had an early shoot yesterday and delivering the finished product today.
No one but u baby can make me feel the way u make me feel!
Great quote!
At least you livin in USA)))
You talkin bout him, her, them, what they said. Fuck what you talkin bout. I'm tryna buy a porsche and mansion bitch. Lets get paid bitch
blast! Will let y'all know if we are going downtown on Friday. However- rain check necessary :) take lots of pics! Wear big hat!
Chemistry is pointless.
Not old, experienced. ;)
Thanx for the add. hopefully we can work together in the near future.. Stay in touch.Peace & blessings
The "No Easy Way Out" scene in Rocky 4 is one of the greatest scenes ever.
I just sat here and thought about that for way too long. O.O
Going back to my former high school today for some meetings... I hear it's a war zone in there.
I gotta taste 4 sum Doritos tacos from Taco Bell.! #Bangin!
How did it take me this long to discover Barbara Pym? I want to read everything she ever wrote.
Thanks for the follow. Interesting website. I look forward to reading your stuff.
Hump day = yay
happy birthday!
So who wants 2 play WWYD MB<3 edition?? tweet me!
#SOEXCITED RT : One more day! will be on #TheVoice performing #Payphone from their new album feat.
Whoa! Had a bit of a rush there. Nice day for a breakfast sandwich!
Trying to hold out for the nurse on duty
Ive been gone for awhile and when I come back on no one misses me... Im offended. jk
If you want to be an ass, be an ass but leave me out of it!
MINE PLEASE
Thanks for the RT, we look forward to seeing you for the 2010 Fiesta!
"Be truthful, gentle & fearless."
Working on something for the past two hours, computer asks if I want to save, I accidentally clicked no. I'm done for the day. 😡
Exam 1 & 2 passed with a B+ -__- not so happy about it .
Oh and MIB 3 of course!
Big Apple Bagel, hair appointment and getting my little ready for prom :)
hang on!
Lots of cleaning and straightening up
no. Never delete.
hmm Try just going in to ur settings... And notifications should be in there somewhere...
What I needed
oh memories of awkward moments :-}
Alrightie homie I'm still a big fan and I know you're gonna turn it out in Mia! ...Go #Dolphins!!!
Going to see Los Lonely Boys tonight.
Whatcha think about my new icon? ;)
When are you going to ask me to come along for some brews?
yeea she'll be home soon
I AM a doctor
mine too
With wine & hope anything is possible.
I'm going to stage a protest every day in your mentions and in front of you crib. lol
shut it, you
especially if the teacher read it aloud!
Glad I got that out. Goodnight 😏
The longer you WAIT, the weaker your WILL!
I had no idea that browsers with html5 support could accept input from a phone's accelerometer. makes sense, though.
FUN follow me please
No Doubt!
Has anyone used IBM lotus connections at work? Please dm me if you have comments on implementation or usability/content rules.
Philadelphia Eagles Have Several Options on Second Day of 2012 NFL Draft: A Fan&#39;s Look
sure! thanks :)
sad face.
Not happy.
I'm free whenever!!!! :) don't work till JUNE 1st
happy easter everyone, hope everyone had a good time
Your voice is the sound of your personality, because we do not find who we are, but we create who we are.
your super pretty girl!!(':
I would bring it for sure. If the weather is summery you're good.
Five tweets to go.
Love when my mom wakes me up Idc if it's 12:30
awh im blushing(:
ruh-r'oh!
I should add painful hemorhoidal itch and the heartbreak of psoriasis to that list.
I like using big words to sound smart.... i mean.... utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence ;D
be careful who your friends are cause they can turn into enemies in a heartbeat
Thank you!! Can't wait to see you soon!
Help us get the band get scared to follow us! They are at the top of out following list!
.. I dont have one
On Friday my beard turns 6 months old & frankly I'm really excited to shear it off. Its been a very interesting experiment!
What Means The World To You? My Lord and my beloved family.. :)
Rangers rangers rangers base freggin ball starts tomorrow.
I would but was drinking till 6am again, Haha... Gotta rest up for the Celtics game, I'll come visit soon...
Our trip to Brooklyn was culminated by seeing one entire building that had no graffiti on it.
Happy 1st birthday Dylan. I love you ♥
Looking forward to the Filmores Project - Silver Springs MD
Good morning !
If my mom saw all your tweets,she probably would no longer like you.....lol
But not because of Pierce Brosnan.
Now, the chair has a fresh start and a new bidding deadline -- so, if you thought you missed your chance
back in the game from LA to Italy!working it!
Does Druple not offer the kinds of content management functionality of libguides? Why would a site need both?
Shout Out To Preciate The Support - BAM!!!
#ThingsMyMotherSays "Im gonna bust you"
That would be so awesome! You can give us a professionals opinion of the show :)
hey can i ask you for some advice for a band just starting out?? I love your song young folks btw :)
Putting together f&w pairing auction lot w/Evan Goldstein (MS) of Full Circle 4 a fundraiser. Would be honored to talk w/u.
Clips or thunder?
#FF from beautiful Key West
Thinking I'm gonna wait until we know exactly how/why it happened before putting a pen to paper.
Spilled mouthwash all over my pants. That counts as laundry, right?
that is nuts! Unless the NBA has a sudden surge of support across the pond.
you're still teaching me how to fish right??
Backatcha! Not sure if I'm getting out tonight, but I'll be back in april if not!
RT : Before stage 3 start we'll remember Wouter Weylandt, who tragically passed away last year. WW108, champions never die
keeps trying to avoid me so he won't have to pay the $20 he owes me. pay up loser
great to have you here at Marquee with us tonight.
Thank god i have no school tomorrow..
Next time I'm in LA and not stuck in LAX for 4 hours, I'm down to make that happen.
Froggy Jet about to fly for a chance to win #FroggyFlyaway to
Yoooo!! We gotta do BG1 & BG2 T-Shirts.. Priceless
A baby-sitter is a teenager who gets two dollars an hour to eat five dollars' worth of your food. - Henny Youngman
Berkeley Person. It's been foggy in Oakland all week.
Not with u all up in ur coach's face. if u get fired they can easily replace u. Who u r doesn't matter if ur not respectful.
Good evening! Shannon from KY!
#STAR #astrology CAP ASC connected by rulership to 2nd/AQU; Saturn's placement by sign, then by + aspects from Jupiter/Venus, & by house.
sorry to hear. Only a few more hours before the deadline. Hang in there...
Thanks to #BarackObama for supporting #SameSexMarriage-we are human beings and deserve the right to #marry and #love!
I didn't know Uncle Sam was black! Where's my money!!!! Lol Wsup G!!!
Good actors are so captivating!
I know , mayb next year
you have NO CHOICE but to give them they props cause we GOT OFF IN DAT AS YO. #TeamOKC !!!
Thanks for the shout-out on this morning's blog - very excited for #Nashville Best Cellars tonight with !
when r u gonna post up the parts to ur story?(:
nothing like listening to Hector Lavoe in the morning..."Vamos bailar la Murga...la Murga de Panama"
Should we be concerned about noise? We don't have any idea what to consider here. We will have a rental.
What the hay!!!!Just discovered that I got a half brother and half sister somewhere either in Colorado or in Cali, that's bonkers.
Just got back from the hospital. NOT FUN AT ALL. I still feel like crap.. and RT and make me feel better :P
Wisconsin state Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubbs resigns to take a job as Dane County's new emergency management director
one of the most slept on producers in chicago
RIP Donna Summer. God must have needed a Last Dance.
ASO and present "Côte d'Ivoire: Confronting Stability, Ensuring Peace" Discussion this Thursday, April 7 at 5pm!
Don't drink the Kool Aid - educate and think for yourself
Hurry up buddy RT : It's official... I'm joining the #Obama2012 digital team in #Chicago. Fired up, and ready to WIN!
W/ the new App Stats for #Android Developers, I'm thinking the play book is to build for Android 1st & then plow the learnings into iOS.
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders, everyone's leaning on me.
you look gawwwgeous in the pictures for the #noh8 campaign. will they be in magazines?...i hope so.
Go #Hens! RT : Eric Patterson deep fly brings home Jerad Head and a Ryan Strieby single brings home two more; 6-0 #Hens in the 4th
. and I went and saw "The Artist" finally. It was great.
I didnt have time to watch the fight, but thanks I was able to get hit by hit info lol!!!!
“Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.”
President of Macalester College speaking at morning panel on funding decisions to higher ed
never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
meps was meps! Just a lot of paperwork, you take a urinalysis, have a lot of checks, the hotel is nice tho!
I love that I met Mira Bartok on Twitter and #Franzen calls it "unspeakably irritating."
you too!! I'll be in touch re the St Paul cards. Let me know about your show schedule too
And I know one day you'll see nobody has it easy
Thanks for sharing!
What this world needs is a new kind of army - the army of the kind.
#Ilovemyboyfriend cause he sits and watches me shave my legs then feels the before and after. XD
Worked in sports & now out of the industry, agree with Cuban. Of course w/ distinction of working for a franchise vs. agency.
haha sorry, I was in a hurry
and proud of it!
Though, also means we can use secret Canadian speak w/ out foreigners having any clue what we're talking about. :)
OK try not to be boring. Sit on Matt's lap and give him a kiss. oh that's been done
... because u r using I AM too much. Love u brother. No more tweets during FHE.
grab someone sexy and tell 'em Hey--- wheres ? [;
can have his opinion. quit being jealous of him he's just like all of us. you bringin him down represents who you really are
talking about innovation alliance with Newt Fowler & Jason Pappas.
THRILLED about a new opportunity with a travel publication!
Navy chief accepts sub from Electric Boat
I see you gurl ;) RT : ;) RT Make sure you wear something tight,
Gruden's QB camp is great.
If Ohio Wesleyan made the field than Wittenberg has to get a nod.
Can New Hampshire be friends with Vermont now??
sorry that happened Kate!
Today’s challenge is to test your life against the word of God and to keep this as a way of life. Kenny Russell
How cute--we'll never deny your Super Fan-ness!
We love hosting reunions, bridal showers, team outings, amongst other events. Call us at 619.255.2856 with the details! #wine #happy hour
"Love is all you need." Happy Valentine's Day from Everyone at Lexis Florist!
Very out of context quote by C. James- "So I need to tell that to *all* the girls I slept with who had an abortion?"
itchy nose =
great day for the 24!!!
RT : A Happy Birthday tweet for !!
damn fucking perverts! Can I run in peace without having to think why you have passed me 4 times in ur truck?! Creeper! Rapist!
What?! Austin followed me?! WHEN?! OMG.
I really dnt wanna go to prom anymore!!
I am concerned $5.4 million budget cut to DYRS is going to mean more dangerous offenders will be allowed to roam the streets.
I was totally into Barbie, I still have mine...but I don't let my boys play with them because I'm a jerk
Thanks for listing those! My eyes were crossing from combing through that schedule.
sweet dreams. :)
thank you so much for giving a yes or else 1D would have never been formed and I wouldn't have an inspiration.
I'm amazed when ppl call me a sinner.What took em' so long 2 figure that out?We've ALL sinned & come short of God's glory! Thankful4theBLOOD
Last day of 2011! Still so much great stuff to see: THE SELLING; RED LIGHT REVOLUTION and CLOWN! Don't miss any of it!
Can't have laptops in the Methods in Lang Arts course I'm taking at UNO. We definitely cannot be trusted with them!
goodnight moon. #thankgod #brewers thanks for hanging fellas!
RT : Putting together final details for our Local Arts Classroom session, "Stewardship and Resource Development"!
Had an early out today, plus I had to evacuate school because of burnt toast. XD #epicfail The toast didn't make it but everyone else did.
RT : Hey, folks, let's get #RyanKennedy trending. 9-year-old with brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for.
Threw that one away. Losing is one thing. Tossing a 3-0 lead you got in the first period is another.
Smiling everytime someone mentions something that relates to Vinny.
Twisted Silence play with mah dollz and ((;
RT : Crig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, "I have no plans to play."
"One City, One Coffee, Boulder Coffee" Check out the website for store locations and also the finest in local / live entertainment.
Good meeting you, Alex!
Also on tonight's #Chulavista city council agenda: a report on the boards, commissions and committees that report to the council.
! The curtains are beautiful! Thank you so much!!
I've been trying to figure that our for weeks. Let me know if you discover it's actually possible!
the cats and my roommate and her boyfriend, who is my new 5th roomate, have an agenda and I'm not paranoid.
“: lol that's what I'm playing now #LunchtimeLabor lol” Haha! Yep! Great song
I heard a rumor that Spring is coming! When?????
So many people tweeting about the midnight showing of Avengers. Makes me the most sad.
Happy Birthday !!!
Watching on last night's Rachel Sir, you do New Jersey proud... unlike Chris Christie.
Thanks! It was fun working with highend CG peeps on this
Leaders can accomplish little without understanding and engaging the qualities of the heart. – Daniel Goleman
Sitting in the sunshine, sipping coffee with my girls...
Seeing you live in NYC you're food choices are so outrageously embarrassing. Dominos cheesey bread?
yes im home and im bored!
As I sit in the office working on process flows, I had a great idea for a t-shirt: "I do it from my phone" ... Already done??
I thought you'd want to watch the d-backs play today. Oh... Wait...
and gunna rip it up tonight vs. Boston!
Grand Opening This Saturday! 1pm to 5pm! Refreshments will be served - come and check out our new store! 803 S 5th St - Milwaukee
We hope everyone is having a good year thus far! “It’s never too late to be what you might have been.” -George Eliot
$3 Premium Drinks at tonight?? The GOOD STUFF PEOPLE! 4409 Dowling at Wheeler
Language is only the instrument of science, and words are but the signs of ideas.
: a lit mag cannot be "extremely disinterested in social issues" If a novel seems without social issues it's just really white
#Haters are gonna hate, but #Mahomies are gonna love <3
Just left strake after taking the placement test. Let's pray for good results!
"baby we can fuck all night kind of a perk of me not working or going to school huh?" um no I'm not fucking you now loser....
Having the day from heck!!! I am waay behind on my "thank yous"...thanks to all my new TWEEPS and I am following you too...
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching...my car into reverse and driving away from the accident.😝
I want to go bowling!
Yay Howie is FINALLY getting a bath :)
you guys sponsored the gourmet footwear event at Abott Kinney, right?
aw !! shanetta had her baby :D
voted for keep it going "tip toe!"
three hours of sleep?
At apollo amateur night bout to boo somebody ...
To 101 and infinity
RT - If the Jacksonville jaguars are known as the jags and the tampa buccaneers are the bucs what are the Tennessee titans?
I'm not so much a Gunners fan as I am a ManU hater.
I'm fighting the sleep like a little baby. Turning the phone off and lighting a candle.
the think BIG is key. I have been on TV, radio, newspapers, magazines, and national news. But not big enough yet. Wanna guess?
Barely packing 😜
No one sat next to me on the bus today >:D
yea i do
English muffins weren’t invented in England nor French
Listen every hour from 8am-8pm to win Lady A Tickets!
The supremely awesome gave me a cup! Thanks for the pick big guy. That's an honor coming from you!
I keep getting a message that says i have a blog that says something bad about me. We i go to open it i cant. Dont worry.
I wish I was like my cousin,
hold on I am right now.
On the way to Guitar Center. I love that place
Dear , please come back to Milwaukee to play
Gotta tell ya, this cat McBride is doing everything, & then some. As Alias would say, "Dude, gimmie a gig!"
I thought we were already following each other! Well, glad we are now! Good stuff today!
maybe if i was better.
91% of all US citizens have their mobile device within reach 24/7
this could be the biggest revenge Japan had in USA since Automobile industry landscape shift
idk I think she would have told you.
o shit they talkin bout its getting relocated..and we already over here..damn
when survivor is over we wait for big brother to watch classics such as #brenchel omg is this really what I do »slap self«
Lord Grant Me The Serenity To Accept The Things I Cannot Change & The Courage To Change The Things I Can
So with DLC, can we expect characters, songs, tricks, tracks? What exactly?
could i get a follow for my birthday?<33
“Today I shall behave, as if this is the day I will be remembered.” ― Dr. Seuss
Happy birthday!
. Help return Virginia to a #VAGOP majority in the State Senate. We can do it with your vote this
You're the only person I know who says "Right On!".. In all seriousness. Hahaha
MENA airlines praise Beirut's open skies policy - The Daily Star
I have that same one today, not much of a "recovery" but still got to love it right?
Reading FALLING LEAVES: THE TRUE STORY OF AN UNWANTED CHINESE DAUGHTER for book group & finding it a mixed bag.
You bet - pretty honored to hear that. I'll send them in a message...and thanks for the shoutouts on here - haven't been on...
RT Restore the tax rates pre-Reagan to solve the fiscal mess.
Oh my
I wanna make you feel wanted 😊
Hahaha dam I though it was goin be on yu
ok somebody talk :/
Ive burnt my ear on my straightner every day this week:(
bill evans said he didn't know a tune until he had played it one hundred times
RIP Junior Seau
is off to story hour at her library. I just presented two storytimes at mine.
lol what is "tribal garb"
ah. ok. but just a little.
- THANK YOU! We love you, too!
Priceline rocks. Great hotel near Disneyland for just $60 a night!
Today's #GoogleDoodle is a tribute to Louis Daguerre who invented daguerreotype, the first commercially successful form of
I Want God! I Want Kingdom Living! I Want Purpose! What Else Is There? What About You?
Yuuupp. Felt good tonight...3 more gigs this weekend including another one with Naughty on Sunday night after Bacchus at The Maison. 2am hit
CEO Sascha Lewis realized in 2008 that they needed to innovate or DIE. Simplify the biz and focus on mission/vision of biz.
follow Ryan Totka. He was the guy behind the "Stay Dwight" campaign. I thought he was a legit Magic fan. Looks like he's just
Never mind get through today and tomorrow will be another day
That's my hoe
This summer is so silly
it's a long shot but i say why not .
I have sex a lot with you in my head.
Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces
you right cus I don't want hoes I want a
yes....right this moment!
#FF Tx for lists, features, mentions, RTs
it was rowddy doe, but fuuck too tired
“When you gently throw your phone onto your bed and it decides to bounce off 3 walls, knock over a lamp, and kill a cat.”
with great to see you following on twitter.
It's not all about how you start but about how you end
Another day, another 3 Java updates for OSX Lion. Newest one includes a cleaner for Flashback
Dosha Salon Spa would love to host Grimm on a episode for a grimm story Repunzel!
yea we'll see about that
17-Your gorgeous!!! Ill ship yuu with Austin Mahone or Zayn!! (Look him up)
Cal would have fixed that quickly
Looking forward to Thursday's #highered event featuring Lawrence Bacow (Tufts Pres-Emeritus) discussing the financial crisis & HE!
Woes Hit Greek Basketball Economy | NetScouts Basketball netscoutsbasketball.com
I remember when came to our tinychat and he showed us his cat........ Upside down.
This stuff is RAMPANT these days M/T Shock after female teacher in Hemet accused of having sex with boy
Feeling the physiological response of shame or guilt is a good indicator that something needs changing in your life.
Thanks for the RTs :)
Innerneh seems to say he is Dennis Drinkwater, a fixture.
My advice to the Governor: You can't go wrong ordering the Vanilla Coke during Happy Hour.
At the end of the day, review your schedule and determine when you will spend time on your writing. Pencil that time in and respect it.
Enjoying the cooler temperatures of the evening, and looking forward to fall!
I need to get myself motivated to stick to the P90X schedule....
OMG PERUVIAN MOMS >> ANYOTHER MOMS
GHS at Acad Super Bowl so far FA team 3rd, Soc St 3rd, Math 2nd in class 3. Scores likely not good enough to adv to state. Eng team on now.
this news better be you won the lottery or something on that caliber or I'll be disappointed
ha well i hope lil bobby has accepted her name
I'm glad i'm getting my money this year because i got major moves to make.
Martin says, "Bless his heart."
According to the closed captioning screen at #pla12, RFK is against "sawed deArabian" oil.
S/0 to all my new followers I just followed yall back
RT : Just to confirm, FOX SIX will carry the #packers White House visit - LIVE, this afternoon. Scheduled for 1:30 Central time.
Reading Best American Poetry 2011 for class while the cafe blasts soft jazz is a rough start to the day.
It is difficult (not impossible) to carry a bulky pkg of matzos home on the bicycle without panniers or a rack. I need a rack...
Oh, and hope to meet your little bro when he gets to campus. Tell him to take some psych classes :)
Happy birthday me!
ok, thanks
I want to meet him so badly!!
I see you :) lol
you need to watch that. I'm starting book 2 probably in the morrow.
“: 6 dayss &* i will be out of west virginia.... :) ! #kingsisland”
Come down for great white and the captain at 10 tonight! Happy hour is 10-12, dancing time is 10-close!
I dig the flexibility and ease of creating plugins for gnome shell but I need something that just works now. Maybe later.
I may have to start following the characters via twitter.
Chicago REALLY deserves this. This was the first state they perfomed in, in the US, we need this!
Also featured at Target First Saturday: talks by and the creative team behind
except for the pants
great talking to you!
Good morning! Continuing my #writingsurvey: How early do yo start your creative process? Plz RT!
i dont think my babe is going to school, uh another day of not seeing him.... :(
I NEED SOME FOLLOWERS!!! Shout out looks good ;)
good to hear from ya...keep fighting the good fight!
I hate that this has been the best weekend of my life and now it's over... all that's left is Graduation.
I'm so dead tired
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
...Oh and Happy #SuperTuesday!
hey man, just got the masters in, sending you an email!
YOLO=(you only lose once)
": Mullin on Saturday's Peace Walk: The walk was very inspiring and well attended. #ssfcouncil"
RT : Dunbar's number says humans can only maintain 150 relationships. Avg number of Facebook followers is 130.
please follow me :) ?
Trend and RT if you agree!
another gem " I'm such a bitch, My New Year's resolution was to be bitchier"
So sleepy but can't sleep!
RT : BREAKING: Apple says Steve Jobs has died.
that should say FireWire not few
Fuck you t(-.-t) NO IT'S NOT! lmao. I seriously don't get it though, and text back! .
Although it does illustrate in principle that most people will give up privacy for a personalized experience
Do we want crew necks, t shirt or tanks?
I can't even imagine what that would be like
It's usually a good idea not to let ur flow get interrupted. But sometimes the universe has other plans for ur creativity. Be open to them.
Voting #SuperTuesday #Tennessee Polls close in :28 minutes.
GIVE ME YOUR HOMEWORK and I will go
I hate it when some plays with your heart. They play it all sweet and then they knock you to the ground. Wishing for that to change for me.
Thanks & for the PPC Aruba support!
LOL once again!!! Every time I hear this phrase I think of a song by Gackt called Last Song.
Just had a great breakfast at my favorite spot! Now on my way to forever 21 with my love (: 'citing!!! And maybe a movie!! Who knows?
The people you don't wanna talk to text back the fastest.
Tra-di-tion (noun) handing down of beliefs, customs, info., a continuing pattern. (Don't be defined only by tradition)
I did not realize it was raining... 
ohh you tell me that you love me then you go and leave me why you do this to me ? baby im LOVESICK !
With at Houston-Bush Airport. Headed to
Thank u John!!
did u do the minecraft code giveaway
I need new people to text.
Marissas house!! Leaving soon bc I am a but.
Hello, weekend!
The mothers of brave men must themselves be brave. --Mary Ball Washington
I've never "slept" with a girl, but I've fucked the fucking shit out of a few.
"All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." -Edgar Allan Poe (born today in 1809)
Alli and Jake, or Alli and Josh?
FUCKING LOVE, LOVE, LOVE FU Betta! Amazing video, great hook (lyrically), sick beat.
Hey you! whats going on?
Robot penises
me and dante were talking about you today (;
First time out of the house since i got sick... And running to block buster;)
Just touched down in Atlanta whats poppin!
Thx. Waiting to hear back from my web guy. He usually fixes this before I ever notice... : )
You can't keep pleasing everyone.
wifi network is covered in blood
RT... lets see i just came into the house and everyone run out the back door,i go back outside and they locked me out
In 1988, I wrote a song called "I Can't Sleep." I'd be very happy to not be living it out right now....
Oh no!!! Thanks for guessing and I hope she gets better soon!!
together, we can.
Happy October 1st!!!
U going around talkin bout u gon fuck me up nigga I'll blow ya fuckin brains out nd put u In a body bagg
Hi there, we would like to give away a $100 Gift Card to The Legends as a promotion for www.gokc.com. LMK what we can do.
and the MVP of the game was #LaMichealJames. As if there was any quesiton who would get it.
I'll bet it's really hard for anyone with the last name of Zimmerman to get restaurant reservations! No shirt, no shoes, No Zimmerman.
lol yay we bout to see tonight
For the next 2 hours swing by Rialto Cafe and get the deal shown here: 50% off Bottles of Wine
Playing Jazz tonight at Cava Wine Bar Capitola Ca 7:30 pm - 11:30 pm.. Classics and Latin =) Matt Riley on Electric Jazz Bass
haha its so late now
thanks for the follow and support of
I'm done. Too much Twitter. Too much.
that's on my birthday! But really, shouldn't there be 250.000 pets for it to be a million paws?
why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez when she kiss me like..
Merry Christmas Quade. Ours hasn't arrived yet.
Is that video really designed to sell product?
Pleased to see #NACO as a Partner organization with #charactersunite. A great program raising much needed awareness on social injustice.
All praise the transit gods, fares be unto them.
Going to the moves with my friend Friday to see the #Avengers :)) so excited
"Not disappointed. Following U and because I love U, respect U and the work U do." ~ Solomon
are u mad at me since i made that apple comment :p need a mac for iphone development now!
Can't wait for Tuesday going to the set to tour it with and lunch with him& my momma Darlene & 😃
bring it over and we will throw it in the fire pit
You guys are killer! Keep it up!!
What planet do parents come from anyway?
- LOL! Amazing how some still say that..
#Steve was 6 weeks ago!!??
Oh and yes, Go Futurama! All day suckas!
Thanks for replying! No worries though- you looked quite busy. ; ) Check out MademoizellMusic.com so you can play it next time!
S/O to the new follower!!!!
Josh Johnson is getting blooped to death. #Cards haven't hit much hard.
Many thanks, Geoff
My parents live to piss me off.
Of course the Munich airport has a sex shop in it.
will be down for St. Patrick's Day weekend hope I get to see you guys!!!
you'll have early morning classes in college too. Y'know
“: #AugustWilson is the only Afr American to have a Broadway Theater named after him. You will learn SO MUCH in the Lobby! Come!”
Thanks for the follow, guys!
thanks for the local support bro!
thanks for the retweet!
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts- Russell
RT : I'm worried I'm getting too buff... "good problem to have"
what's up with facebook's security certificate? https gets flagged.
You know when your infant has taken over when you have to "move out" your books from your home office to your work office in order to make …
,Hi Eddy I would like to know how to join with my food concession KONEZEE the Westchase Charitable Food thanks Lorraine at KONEZEE
this I'd supposed to be relaxing, not had this much stress since the top 40 as a kid on Sunday nights
you took me out your bio first kid so why would I keep you in mine.
I knew that piece was an overstep when I read it yesterday - A HUGE blunder by the NYT.
Going into a different directing phase w/my cast. Lets see what happens,im sure it will be very productive
Does anyone think Samuel L. would really last more than 20 seconds talking to Siri without dropping at least one MutherFucker?
Happy Arbor Day! Plant a tree!
Ravens? That's a really cool (and rare for your area) spotting!
"Remember, networking isn't hanging out with the famous and powerful. Networking is meeting your peers."
Someone go to this damn meeting for me.
Fashion & Following All
Having some fun tonight... Bill Shaffer from will ride his motorcycle INSIDE the Fox 9 studios for the news @ 9... can't wait!
Ain't even close wit half the nigga's I use to be cool wit, people change. fuck It.
Just punched out, but yet it's time to punch back in!
fuck it, just about done.
Starting #SDMayorNP closing remarks. Always good to hear candidates' ideas & love attention to this industry. Looking forward to recap(s)!
then evryone can be happy. Sorry maybe next series:)
Hahah Omg I remember x)
holy hell. I don't think it's on VC or e shop or anything so I'm screwed. Emulator, I guess
If you're into Flex development, check out my profile for new Flex related content
good lord my brother
Follow Me
French fry
The 5 love Languages: 1. Physical touch 2. Acts of Service 3. Gift Giver 4. Words of Affirmation 5. Quality Time
right i mean of course. although i wouldnt consider myself a girly girl and i like pinterest.
Thank u every one for wishing me a happy birthday much love to u all
seriously. they'll be the 1st ones claiming him once it snaps tho.
they didn't tell me any specific deadline so I assume it's not to late
as for Walker attacking Milwaukee. Criticizing record of Mke while Walker was county exec. So is he attacking his own record?
Love is an art, but not everyone is an artist.
has he checked out score.org? great resource for that...they also offer free consulting
I will never understand why people post unflattering pictures of themselves on Facebook
Got u :) RT : follow back please
Would like to travel back in time to the first tear of our species, shed by a monkey who was "totally making a big deal out of nothing."
": I'm about to go make a peanut butter sandwich or sumn"make me one.
Aw no. Fell better soon. Were I there I'd bring you some matzoh-ball shoup from Zabar's.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Create a tagline or slogan that is catchy and describes your business.
My job is to keep people from wandering into the catering area. I'm like a smiling wall. #dcweek closing party
Who's this Amanda Knox character?
I'm gonna listen to one song and one song only the whole way to Chicago
For the next 2 hours swing by Stir Cooking School and get the deal shown here: Buy 1 Get 1 FREE ($55 off)
Morning, twitfam! Productive week ahead!
please RT for the HS girls in Philly! We will be holding our annual prom fair March 10, 17 & 24 in philly! BRAND NEW Gowns $10!
Nah, it's Peyton Manning, not Kyle Orton. Everyone gets that he's at the top of the food chain. If he can't play, fans won't be the problem.
i miss my daughter! I would do anything to be able to be in GUAM with her right now!
What do the internships entail? And how do I apply?
One hand washes the other , both hands wash the face No man is and island Meaning we need each other in life and we were designed that way.
A bi-polar caterpillar? Not someone you wanna date.
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!!!! Hopefully 2012 will be better than 2011. Pity i have a final tomorrow scheduled by my school specifically to ruin it
Open for itself new houses into new houses into the new houses and new houses for sale in AOL Of real Of estate :-)
How is it that all of my SMTP servers are not responding? Could it have anything to do with adding an Exchange account yesterday?
Did the ground hog see his shado anyone?
Thank you Cara....You're WONDERFUL! BTW...I love your site & am tweeting about it & directing everyone there. Amazing!
happy tuesday hope you all had a good 4th of july!
Were going to be featured on for BROTHERLY BREAKDOWN FEST! Make sure to like them and follow em on twitter!
Were you able to list your items from your laptop? Let us know if there is any way we can help!
Hey Milwaukee! Time for brunch!
theres just somethin' bout whn your eyes full of emptiness, meet mine that tells me youre not happy with her, & you deserve so much more. <3
hey you
Vedge with Minty Anthill!! Beyond excited!!
LMAO yeah I meant "Oh damn it Brooks Conrad is starting!"
The Incredible Chulk!! What, too soon?
Hope and pray that Sporting KC can return to their winning ways! lol. I miss Schalke already!!
Thanks, bud! Hopefully, it has them thinking:)
Hanging with a old friend tomorrow super excited, we were best friends, inseparable, and I really hope we gain that friendship again. <3
The Echo will b giving away a pair of #Brewers tix every Wed starting Apr 4! RT this for a chance to win tix to the Apr 8 game vs the Cards!
Flattery will get you EVERYWHERE!
Pretty awesome fan video for , by a class of fourth graders from Busan. I'm impressed. (sharing soon)
Oh my, Adam Lambert's music is absolutely captivating, and his voice is so beautiful that it makes you want to cry.<33
Six Flags Was AWESOME Yesterday(: Faced My Fears ! :D
Forget politics, ALL children should have health coverage
Was it the kind of kale salad that requires rubbing each leaf individually? Possibly 20,000.
MT "too often we have been lied to the world is paying" YE
“: hey what's good nothing much bout to hop in the shower & get ready for work & you!!”better this morn! Just woke up
Thank you sharing and the mention!
Stupid asthma:/ i hate drs!
Excellent (salmon next time? shrimp, maybe?)!
climate control inside of trailer sitting in 100 degrees, sun, and smoke = unsuccessful
BTU inspiration: "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." ~George Bernard Shaw
U find any fun places
Wish I had missed Mayweather's last fight I stead of this one. It sounds like it was hella entertaining.
It's funny how people say halston is a unique name HAHAHA it's a freaking dogs name !!! Lol
in Digital Strategy sesh
City employees appear to have forgotten that citizens are in effect their "customers". How are you going to change this culture?
rockin the airwaves!
lol ok I got u
Even if one of the guys in Wellington told you that you wouldn't believe them?
nice job tonight in the anchor chair.
My day just started and I'm already tired
Dog chewed up my shoe so she's spending the afternoon in timeout. It appears she does not like this.
Guys... I don't get twitter. Who am I supposed to follow to get hella sweet info and dealzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz?
congrats on your launch of !
Getting ready to get off in a few and then heading to church...
I almost made that pie instead, but then I saw that ingredient was over $10/lb and changed my mind.
can I get in on those lessons? I was the one eating the dill chips all up in yo' faces yesterday, after all...
dang dude
Got my teeth whitened for an episode of "Project Reinvent Me" and gums are STINGING.
My nerves
I will pray for him (:
Aww man more sex tapes lol": Kim Kardashian is kleaning the skeletons out of her kloset!"
The 2010 was the most successful gala yet. TY 4 ur donations & support of HD!
Thanks -- Hope you have a merry christmas and/or happy holidays!
Who is the greatest rock star of all times? Accepting suggestions.
Just giving a shout out to my home girl because she deserves it. (;
Amazed. Photos of a family affected by cancer and lack of healthcare moving me more than the narrative. The power of pictures.
I can't wait to put this bass in yo face!!! -T
This one made me laugh, Jay! Hope all is well buddy.
look at this iggah doe so much determination doe
Done with weed
highly disagree. he's a very talented tv personality. just disagree with him here.
for some reason. I really want too talk too you about my problems. because i feel you're the only person that would understand.
Final exam done! One down, one to go.
my granny
Mm mother's day cupcake preparations!
They ass asking for cover letters,recomendations,...wtf this job is not that serious!
I love that the foreign policy that involves staying out of unnecessary conflicts oversees is the one seen as dangerous.
Sacramento area REALTORS? ...next time you preview or show be sure to check-in on facebook places & leave feedback!
I love boobies!
or perhaps a fishbowl? seems an appropriate format for #amc work.
Also thank you to Drew Snider for ending that nonsense.
I have a long summer ahead of me
hey Mindy...it takes a while to get used to twitter...you can't think of it like fb.It's all public, and it's much more fleeting
with ANOTHER
if it cured a disease, saved lives, hell yes I would. Knowing that I contributed to our world in that way would mean more than $
A look ahead to 2012 for employment, real estate and the economy in general for Oregon tonight @ 6 on KGW.
Oh no. :( Feel better soon!
How are the members of the #LTDArmy holding up with their New Years Resolutions a week+ in?
Date... Commitment... Marriage... Children...
do you have an English book? Or mrs lackey?
- has Oprah arrived?
Cool comfort for change
for sure most buzz - I still love my N64 :)
Exactly! These are meant to make people think. Maybe it sounds like I'm making excuses? Nice pic!
I vote Uncommon Grounds.
Playing small ball over always trying to hit a home run is the way go, for you have a 98% better chance of winning! Go with the odds!
Happy St. Paddy's day! I'm hoping the luck of the Irish brings me some money via the scratch offs I will purchase today at the Hey Hey.
thanks for the love from Thailand!
“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.” – St. Augustine
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: HDE 7" Tablet Stand with USB Keyboard - Black Faux
RT : ladies you aint really ballin if you on gov. assistants >>*assistance* This is so true... Should go without saying! lol
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
I am looking for a large sized Lever Belt but it's out of stock on your site. Any idea when a new batch will be available?
Please take a moment to visit our booth if you are attending and say "Hello" to KC Smith @ booth# 232.
Do you do paid tweets or endorsements? Email me
I really liked Diana up until this point. Fail
Ok, tomorrow is a new day. And it will be awesome! Or else I'll punch it in the throat.
If Wikipedia does a blackout tomorrow, how am I supposed to figure out the name of that guy who was on that show?
It's hard to believe he beat out a million other sperm.
I know it's my job and it'll happen a lot, but I giggled today when CNN called me.
it was a easy suspension for him. Giroux is a flyer. Can we define what is a clean hit anymore with inconsistent suspensions?
The Oh Group is at the Texas regional conference at the Omni hotel hosted by GDAACC. Should be a great conference for international busines…
If followed me, my life would be made (:
The bachelor bores me..
Making birds custard...not instant, nightmare
hey I'm always just a tweet away
augmented reality is weird.
New #pdxmayor poll.RT results of poll we did w/ Some surprising numbers- 11pm & in O Tue.
A great way to end the week: RIT Entrepreneur Conference. Amazing energy and optimism.
The question is whether you'll find a Metro station that has fully-functioning escalators.
Well, duh.
isn't Sanchez off the 40 man? Maybe it's not worth clearing a spot for him?
the revolutionary idea that what you put in your body will have an outcome, positive or negative...just like investing money
Time to hit a buffet for Lunch, here I come Chicken Fried Rice!!
J.J. Hickson with a nasty dunk in the 4qtr of the Blazers/Clipps game!
Balls in the air no games im serious
bend over!
good thing the industry as we know it is dying
JUST WHEN YOU THOUGHT HE WAS OUTTA GAS HE COMES BACK STRONG RT : The strangest big animal is still the camel.
As spoiled as Pittsburgh fans are (super spoiled), I will be rooting for them tonight. Have Pens vs. Canucks in Cup Finals with Pens winning
GRAB N MY TICKS 2 N.Y. 4 AGENDA SHOW ! DAM IT"S GONNA BE SO GOOD 2 BE HOME 4 AWHILE & CHILL WIT MY PEEPS !! HUSTLE & GRIND !!
Subway song
LMFAOOO omfg yes he worked at the paintshop i live right night to ~~~ HEHEHEHE
I'm impressed!
thanks sir (and thx all, who made it wonderful, when not hell)
": on cross bronx right now it's HELL!!!!"right behind you bro
Ace Boogie is a real nigga
Rookie ;) I just love the way wine tastes on that fresh palate in the morning.
Being as productive as I can be. Which is to say, not very.
People just can't seem to grow up and stay in their own business!
what the fuck are you guys talking about?
Evan Cohen sounds like an idiot on radio right now - sounds like a whiny punk. Wa, wa....stop talking about Spo.
its ok i think its cute my mom is only 4'9" she says she's fun size lol don't know how I ended up 6'1" got lucky I guess lol
I just read it takes $141,037.97 a year to maintain Jennifer Aniston's "look". That's just ridiculous! Um...what about a charity?
Glen Campbell was my very first crush!! I was about 4!!
Woo Hoo! Good Luck Everyone! RT : last minute preps! Baaaammm!!! Live shows here we go!
Well will be worth it. Promise :)
Mission City Cat Show this weekend 8111 Meadow Leaf 410&Marbach just inside the loop.
. on now at mojave tent !!
hopefully soon. You're at...?
Helping my dad with his race car(:
oh lol sorry
The only thing keeping me awake is that weird buzzing feedback. Yawn.
good morning - coffee - be thankful for ideas
hey was up Danny yeah this play is a good as is gets Uconn -5.5 .
I wish they delivered to chicago
Come to #ReserveLounge 2nite to see H-toWNS OWN & Florida's OWN of LaBelleMafia PERFORM LIVE*
Drove 2,600 miles across America and did not pay one toll!
Any bold predictions about Lebron's return to Cleveland tonight? I'm goin with if Cavs win - Spoelstra gets canned before midnight.
Guess he wasn't ready for that one lol
:O what website?
4 hours of sleep and pop up FNO tonight. I am going to need espresso!
Last month, TPS submitted articles for clients on topics ranging from the basics of color to disaster recovery.
They're from the middle ages and were actual armed guards ensuring a minimal level of salad bar cleanliness
i was talkin bout the rockets, was rooting for them.
Google seems to be creating a virtual computer across "everything." Not easy but that could be Scott McNeely dream delayed.
I love Nick when he blushes! So cute! ;)
uncomfortably anxious to see how expensive gas will be . . . .
im addicted to Flan and i dont know why
whens the new album coming out dude??
omg im such a bad online friend will tweet you a lot form now on
Everyone's got different things they hide behind or try to be.
Learned from my kids today that the Easter Bunny poops jelly beans. Who knew?
Just felt a little shake at the D&A office in the FiDi! Did you feel it?
rain would make this day a lot more better.
First round of our conference tourney was today at 130. We r the #10 seed v. #7...we won by one, yeah Mustangs!
DO NOT TALK TO THE COPS
Um not only have my followers stayed but they've gone down!
hi there
Thanks so much for the post - so glad to see you have something up and going - can't wait to hear more about the business!
: Hunting went well...Today's Special: Slow Roasted Sirloin French Dip with a Rosemary Red Wine Au Jus...GET SOME!
Studies almost always show.
I'm doing it to be fit, not to lose weight. :P well, maybe just a pound or three.. So are you Yvette!!
Thanks! although it was simpler to arrange than you might imagine
I never thought of this before, but the term "deceleration" is pretty vague, isn't it? How would you define it?
a lot of people were surprised of Dooling's dunk last night, Kenyon has always been a great dunker, don't fool yourselves...
we'll catch u guys next time. wants sushi. :)
Nikki love that comment about eating! Gay men feel the same! XO
doing well man, can't complain. Congrats on the release. How you livin?
Hope they'll end up saying, "I've fallen and I can't get up!" :)
RT being fly is about how u carry urself n who u are inside
And the fun times begin
Morning all!!! Time to take care of BUSINESS.....
lots of legal speak and no one knows what their obligations are as app developers
well played, miss. Well played.
PLEASE HELP US! We got hacked and lost all our followers! Can we have a shoutout please!
I believe I'm making the switch tomorrow... Actually the appointment to switch. Can I cancel if I hate it?
SOPA/PIPA bills got dropped by Congress. Now we don't have to worry anymore, right?
: "You just can't change the world if you drink coffee with victims all day. (Mindsets are contagious)."
The Blues Brothers' version of "Soul Man" just came on Pandora. What a great way to start my Friday!
Soo I just cut my hair and got bangs not soo sure if I liked them or not oh wells
Its crazy! tweets as soon as i put in #neversaynever. Will he finally notice me? -&&B.{5}.A.{28}.F.{11}&&
Just saw an awesome doc - Lessons from a Tailor (it's only 8 mins and worth a viewing). Thanks for the DVD!
“: none at all. They have about as much offense as Louisville does” Del negro to blame. They should be a lot better
LA VIDA tonight on Sunset and Gower! 6 month limo anniversary! Let's make it a good night :)
Probably no one else in the world is as good at destroying teenage girl crushes as I am with my self-made math questions.
Showing Puss in Boots right now...forgot how hilarious this flick is.
I've been seeing more "Demand the note and get a free house!" Would love to see a post to refer people to on that as well!
It feels like summer outside, I love it :)
God Bless John Gomes. He knows TALENT!
BETTER put on a good show tonight.. Can't wait haha (((((:
you know my ex girlfriends?
Hm? Blocked number calling me... Wonder who that may be?... ;p
Congrats to Angie McLarty! Winner of our Mother Knows Best Contest & a $100 Eat Out In Gift Certificate! Thanks to all who entered!
Jealous! Shuck one real good for me.
They're all up for me
:( #TrueStory RT always looks at me then looks down:p I'm ugly:(
if she's never squeezed your head with her legs so hard that your ears popped, you dont eat pussy
they tried, but I refused to have my face be reshaped for the part. Can't hide my beauty 💄
Bears, Beats, Battlestar Galatica #the office
and just blew me away!
hi Prudence and welcome to our twitter stream!
Have we recovered a progressivism that's larger than the democratic party?
the tongue? with all that glam? courtney you're incurable!!!
I believe one man's dream is another man's nightmare.
Gary Oldman deserves an Academy Award in the catagory "most times you'll shit your pants because he's so consuming."
Received email advertising a local bakery w/ phrase "jogging suit" Really? More like Lulus people + no running reminder w/ carbs, ok?
aw thanks you're sweet :) you're one of my special tweeps as well I always look forward to hearing from you ;)
but still, think about Pedro. Trade EVERYONE except Alvarez
OMG AW.<3 YOUR ICON IS DA BEST.
i know but I'm not gonna finish /:
Its a Kold Reality, thats why we call the crew that!
Jesse and Finn so awkward lol
hello back at ya! rt hello :)
Hell Yeah...Ive been voting already! ;)
delicious lunch today: pesto, goat cheese and roasted chicken on a baguette!
Rooting for the Orange even though I don't have them to win the whole shebang.
New York will always remember Hello Nasty...part of our collective consciousness.
Thanks for stopping by! DId you enjoy it?
Colored Jeans -- hot or not?
So over classes. Where are u summer??
I can barely move my joints
which is when?!!
Hey the are whipping the Bulls!
have to go Dutch today, in Belgium….
ight u got the upper hand for now lol
Any long/awful week is made better by spending time at the Men's Shelter. Seriously, it's probably my fav. place in Charlotte.
chewing wax lips:P
happy birthday rock you are the best
At some point in your life if you're lucky you throw practicality to the wind and;start living - Dan Hansen
This weird ass dude came into my job today. He asked if he happened to see me in the park someday if we could play a game of chess. lmao?
is watching #sweetgenius. How did it take so long to come up with this show?
Oh geez. Dirty minded. The ice cream was cold. Lol. Fooly.
let's go out of town
when are you coming back?
Your so sweet! you bring a great fresh personality to the show! i'm always on your side! =)
Heck yeah!! From Insanity to the X!! Such a great program.
Puns and clever wordplay are almost certain to sabotage your marketing message.
The world feels far to full of people fueled by fear rather than joy. All I want is simple, pure joy.
Nothing says Wisconsin like fantastic Fish Fry! Come and join us Milwaukee!
Hey, your sobriety is showing. Or wait maybe it's just mine. Fuck nightclubs.
This lotion smells like a chocolate scratch n' sniff sticker!!
Modern church is lacking in the supernatural because very little of our worship includes the fear of the Lord
Still trying to decide if I survived Christmas shopping this past weekend. Haven't found a pulse.
The Greek place owned by Egyptians has better cheesesteak than the Indian place owned by Nepalis.
well howdy there, sis
Well there are certainly worse things to wake up to :)
Glad Holland Cotter won a Pulitzer. For a long time, he was the only one in Asian art criticism who did more than rewrite press releases.
When it comes to business the only thing more fun than "start-up" is planning one. Oh the possibilities.
Mary Jane? Yeah that's my bitch!
Just signed the petition!
Oh damn, Henry Rollins be mad at you.
uggggg I hte u when I'm not on u r on!!! And when I'm on ur not on!!!! Lol
ditched the pad :)
Brand new South Africa blog, www.suddenwalk.com First up: The Kennedy speech that (sort of) started it all.
I concur. Opening the bridge between 9-10am is @$$ing up my every morning.
Yes. & I don't blame them. Watching these debates = my 1 guilty pleasure. More idiocy than Jersey Shore+Mob Wives combined
Great quote to start your Thursday! "Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goals"
which means no iTunes either
#PrizesOnAHoodGameShow Get out of jail free card
My new favorite quote: Don't cheat the world of your contribution...give it what you've got!
Fuck you and that great save
I have been listening to ur song 11:11 all day and I just luv it!!!<3
Lets see if i can persuade my class that track & field is cool and diverse.
Great ASTD ICE 2011! Amazing keynote, great sessions, and as always, fantastic colleagues reconnected with and new friends met! Thanks ev…
going to play with my triplets
Und war ist du "Valhalla"? (Yes, bad German I'm sure) - points south?
MEETING WIT @ COMMON GROUNDS COFFEE SHOP ....NETWORKIN ...
Ah so stressed out!! All I want to do is curl up in a ball and pretend the world doesn't exist
I now have something to look forward to on Wednesdays= WANTED WEDNESDAY, thanx for making my Wednesdays Awsome!!
Tough way to end, but still great to be a Florida Gator. Beal please stay!!!!
i am in for a pumpkin carving night! ill go to none such farm market this weekend!! did you hear jose garces was there this week?
#SKINS WRITERS GROUP is official! We are going to offer year round support to our skins writers.
A big storm moved through Murray last evening, was south of my house but we did at least get some rain from it, some trees & bldgs damaged.
we hope so! Thanx! Come visit our store when your in downtown!
What are your plans for festivities on this St. Patty's Day?
starting a monday with a morning meeting with your tax accountant is a buzz kill.
Lol, this has been a good morning.
r you coming here
Hotter than hot in the apt tonight, good luck sleepin
JSB: "If you read Wikipedia the way you read Britannica, you will be screwed."
Loved photos of Columbia Protecting Science & Industry. Who protects the art? Immersed in "Age of Wonder" Thanks!
Group power class....all weights
Next week The Wanted get's Punkd o yeah i'm so excited!
aw thank you!<333
try the Flatt Cola, it's delightful.
We're so happy for everyone starting programs abroad! You're going to have so much fun :)
love that movie!
“: I can call a walk a "hike." I can call a table a "hike." ”and you can call your friend a kike
Made the switch to Scandal.
Special happy birthday shout-out to my radiant sister Have a ball today! <3
BREAKING Colo. House committee advances civil unions bill, overcoming biggest obstacle to becoming law.
Apparently I was found asleep on my hands & knees last night. It was a good night.
Thanks! Email me you address and I'll mail you a set. Contact me through my website: www.wilsongraphics.net
Absolutely! But how do we do it on a local level- bring it to Chicago?
At 87 so far (doing this while I'm supposed to do homework) LOL
Note 2 Compliance officers et al, the DOJ's proposed guidance may not be much. Read each DPA & NPA & follow the leaders in the space!
