New cover soon! (: What song should I do? Someone like you, or Rolling in the deep by Adele? Need answers soon! (:
text me back. I didn't see anything
even more beautiful. She was a very happy little girl. She loved Kitty-cats, hula hooping, dolls, baking cookies, and dress up. But most
Life seems to always be feast or famine
Lunch with and
Aint no doubt about it
They named Hill of Grace after he slept there.....
I Don't Sugar Coat Shit , I Tell *It How It Is .
Who are the ICONic Boyz? In Math: My solution. In history: My kings. In chemistry: My reactions. In Art: My heart. In me: My inspirations.
or you could just be really coo like me ;-)
idk why i keep checking my dms.
“: Im definately about to gone in drop this stack for a Macbook pro...cant deal with this laptop much longer” yu balling BF lol
Congrats guys! RT : A new contract signed this morning with a Fortune 500 firm is a great way to begin 2012! Go Team Fresh!!
you rock, Jenna! Did you know that in the new space there will be a white board in your name?
More bad news: "..the plume of radiation being given off by the plant show that an elongated cloud will stretch across the Pacific,"NYT
Tatte is tasty, isn't it? We should have breakfast there soon!
the ONLY thing I will be sad about when the season officially changes: packing up my corduroys.
go back to bed :)
Busy day. School all day then audition then skype interview for DisneyInfonet . Busy is good
Looking for a great leader to lead this country? Look in the mirror! It is the American people who need to take charge. Trust in yourself.
Everyone make sure to wish a very Happy Birthday. He is just so awesome.
Idk why but when i think bout #oomf my stomach feel weird
thats a great question .. when does the keg of arrive??
TY RT Hope to see you at #BizMomsKnow Twitter Chat today :D
If there's one thing my mommah taught me, it's never to accept sushi rolls from strange men in parking garages. Today, I made mommah proud.
nd my new one aint come yet
oh yea i love my new icon :-) i love Logan with all my life :-)
let me check with him today. I work until 430. You can send a message on fb if you want!
something about the left side of his face GOP #SOTU responder Gov. Mitch Daniels not want us to see?
Who's going to see Polvo in Chicago on Saturday?
San Antonio Silver Stars fall to Seattle Storm 78-64. Silver Stars fall to 11-7 on the season.
Only 3 more weekends until Last Night at the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre (28th Jan). Have you bought your tickets yet?
They see me tumblin They hatin!
If the truth be known, most successes are built on a multitude of failures.
dion is about to drop 25 a game on the way to new orleans
thanks for the edible arrangement...made my night ;)
dear cody simpson....when you come to moline, illinois we DEF have to meet up again. :)
hoping to release Seizure No. 2 in August...
Well fine then.
Turned on Derby and said "I vote for purple" not knowing names/info/stats/etc. And purple won. Clearly I'm psychic.
Weight room
BB Pin:28386760 Hola! Add me I'm Naufal pin:28386760 ,Only Girls and Normal
I am REALLY enjoying rain in Austin, Texas. It's been WAY too long since we had any. Cooler too.
Listening to the Yahel Show on DI.FM. It rocks.
Wow what a puss. Starts this shit and ends it quickly. We give the win to easily. No good comebacks by Frank
I'm headed to Boston this weekend and look forward to your post on North Shore used bookstores :-)
way possible.
: Awww, all the people who 'Like' our page, you are awesome!!!! Thanks!!!! -Development Team (Millie ;D )
do you have any details on Spring Fling? Is it just shops this year? I heard the beer garden/music was cancelled ...
even more of a deterrent fr tanking...I like it.
Aren't yours and BJ's covers just different views of the same guy?
Guess what! Big News!! Got a puppy today!! Guess what kind?!
The sandwich & the burrito are also amazing ;)
Meryl Streep will win Best Actress but if she DIDN'T I would LOVE to see Michelle Williams or Rooney Mara - AMAZING TALENTS!
my mom says she's been married so much she dont know who the first one was HateLies<3Trust
May Bike Month is approaching, but when gas hits $5/gal it will be a Must Bike Summer.
that's fast though! Be careful
Let's hope there are no mentions of Pookie or house slippers in POTUS's remarks today.
I'm finally seeing that life can get good again, even after the worst crap imaginable. Crap's the best fertilizer.
#Frenchys Original Cafe weekend specials: Fried Flounder basket with fries & slaw $9.95...Calypso Cooler drink for $6
C'mon Hill...brining out that Brip Streep ball down in MIA is not going to fly.
RT : My 4 year old 2day asked me y Pres O & Romney couldn't both B half-President? Then she asked same abt Mufasa & Scar in...
I nominate 4 a Shorty Award in #lifesavinghero b/c w/ #SM he's prev at least 5 suicides & prevented Columbine-like shooting.
great stuff man, thanks! I'm going to use it in my blog tomorrow
That looks like fun!
check out at they offer pretty good SEO services
Pretty will swallow you forever
Sweet dreams and Good Night Los Angeles!
I was too excited about my Grand Slam that I ate it too fast and forgot to Instagram it for you.
dang what the dog do
Just met and - they're Kokomoans!!! #indianatweeple So nice to meet u!
Ron Brooks Bills Jersey Nike – Buffalo Bills select LSU CB Ron ...
Simply to argue the feelingfulness of music cuts many ways and we too often overlook those that are deleterious
Amazing bumper sticker alert: "THE OLDER I GET, THE MORE EVERYONE CAN KISS MY ASS"
Richmond is among the top "Most Well-Read Cities in America" by Keep reading Greater #RVA!
I hear you man. I saw white tourists posing with smiling riot cops down there, probably a lil different vibe for minorities
Will I be seeing your happy face this Friday at Wine Week??
#aboutme i think penguins are adorable
Severe T'storm Watch for entire viewing area until 7pm
*i mean bro
Not to be THAT guy, but I was at the Galarraga IMperfect game #Tigers #Indians Me and my friend were actually on TV
Start your weekend off right, stop by for a scone and a tea or coffee before you close up shop!
Omg I think the older me is at the next table!
awkward salt moment when cotto loses....
if you have any questions, feel free to hit us up.
Oh, happy day Glam Girl! <8-D RT : Happy Birthday to me!
an economy we can't support in my opinion for one.
Congrats, Cheryl! You've won a complimentary #ASHAspa massage!
many many cody but I found the real one !!!! Its !!!!
someday i will have kids, and they will have a buzz lightyear and woody doll.
9:15 SHARP set time at subterranean tonight...don't blow it...last 2011 show fuckers
and with that I am done writing seminar papers, presumably for life
The more someone looks like us the more we are likely to help them, scientist find
15 minutes? You saying you'd deliver? :-)
no ; you know how this works.
absolutely!!! Thanks Ellis!
RT : Thank you for a great talk & video experiment at tonight's
Does anyone have a teleporter I can borrow? Please?
AVATAR NEW YORK -Senior Software Engineers for an awesome studio based in San francisco for more info contact .uk
your tweets are crazy. #fartpizza?! Your hashtags are whack.
Just finished preparing Grilled Portabello Mushroom and Onion Sandwiches with Hummus to measure and list steps for the cookbook... YUM!
id get in trouble hey i got to go they're gonna give me painkillers n something to fall asleep ttyl love ya dnt forget me
You're welcome!
Just deleted 685 pictures from my phone! Still going through them(:
how did slice the movie go?
Are you guys hosting these events?
RT : Woo Rick Flair lol RT : hola love how u been ?<lol u got jokes nerd?
Does anybody #Tether for a long time period of time if so how long and how much date WUD one use?
Hah! I honestly didn't know they had a fan base. I assumed their home games were filled with the other team's fans.
More results soon. They are recapping Driver from last night now.
Affordable housing + short commutes + rich cultural environment + great sports & leisure opportunities + low business overhead =
Don't be misled - you cannot mock the justice of God. You will always harvest what you plant. - Galatians 6:7 BLESSED DAY ALL : )
Just know that I know.
Still floating on the wknd; absolutely loved solo bellydancing w/4piece jazz band & 6piece Egyptian-style band. Improv is the best! picsoon
art I love to draw and music cause I love making music <3
Last hashtag should have been
surprisingly, a lot.
lol your right
Lady: I'm a temporary appointee to my reference job, and I just applied for the permanent position. Fingers crossed!
Diamond® Cabinets Introduces a Fresh Batch of Kitchen and Bath Cabinet Styles ... - MarketWatch (press release)
I'm responding. Girls being pimped out by their mothers IS my business.
Good morning!
Might be *a bit* emotional about returning to the US... woman in elevator asked if I was enjoying my holiday + I almost burst into tears.
It's going to be 93 here today... I'm not going nowhere I'm staying in
Let's keep rolling, right into recalls!
The Dolphins must hate winning.
We got my nigga out 
Pessimist : A person who says that O is the last letter of ZERO, instead of the first letter in word OPPORTUNITY.
thanks for the support looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21 Hope you can make it! Haven James is playing
thanks for the RT
Thanks... -_- RT : Thornton just blew it for Humber. Walk, wild pitch, then gave up 2 RBI double to Dyson. Royals up, 2-1.
hahahaha sry and dink :) and I'm missing u in a best friend way to haha
thanks my jaw hurts now! -___-
We will let you know as soon as its confirmed! There was a mix up with the venue and if its cancelled we can refund your
Keeping a food journal decreases the likelihood that you'll eat unhealthy. It's like you're judging yourself as you log your meals! Do it!
That we must love all things that God made.
alright I am going to go to bed bc there is no point in trying with u anymore ..... goodnight
nachos or mexican restaurants?
Zero-Sum arrangement, no bargaining with #zombies!
And the verdict is: Hipster.
heh. she popped up as a follow suggestion and I saw you're following her so.. ;-P
I'm tired as hell trying to fight my sleep just to finish this damn review. Ugh.
Since you are going to the Super Bowl and are a Cowboys fan.. Who are you picking Super Sunday????
You can call me Freaky Deaky.Let's Go My People.........
Copying my tweets <<<<
Now that I'm in my sixties all my loves are online and in Africa!
bout to hit the club wit aye!!!
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly. - St. Francis De Sales
My bff didn't answer my text....... I hope she's sleep and not ignoring me lol
You have come around on Luck since the fall?
So do you people want to see nfl lock out
Happy Earth Day!
RT : Rory today was like an incredible jump shooter who just couldn't buy a bucket. He'll be back! Just 21 years old!
I don't get Nicki Minaj. Ya i said it. Like I'm pretty sure she's some governmental experiment gone wrong.
So JJ Abrams is filming the next Star Trek - I am just enough of a geek to be really excited about this!
you can stop staring at my boyfriend now, ugly hoe.
of course I do... Block Kim Kardashian so she can't follow you!
what about ruby red vodka? Sounds intriguing.
3 more days. 3 more days. 3 more days.
What are some of your favorite cuisines?
I gave up on the cowboys after last year
nice. I'm done Thursday and leaving Friday. So Thursday night lets go hard
Incredibly impressed with at #BigOmaha. He's the kinda guy you'd like to have a three hour coffee convo with.
Our second-ever ATEC/EMAC Showcase is next week (Wednesday night)! Come on out and see what your fellow students have been up to!
Hi, Ann! Going great! Tomorrow the agency is learning about "Idea Generation" from.... you! I believe it's a webinar.
As Ray mentioned, use CCLabelBMFont instead of CCLabelTTF. CCLabelTTF creates a new texture on upd, which makes it slow.
Beautiful play, McDonagh.
John 20:21 Again Jesus said, “Peace be with you! As the Father has sent me, I am sending you.”
That was probably pretty accurate in 2004 when Kerry said it. GWB 05-09 was a cosmic disaster.
NASCAR is from North Carolina...
unless you're under 12 years old you shouldn't mention the avengers.
I feel you. Taking inventory on a lot of things and re-prioritizing.
Listening to this 21 year old minister who is #TheTruth!
did you know we are working on new songs? it's a winter time tradition for ITLCA we will miss you until summer but we will always love you
If you want some great recipes #FF - it will make you hungry!
please follow us? We love you!
Actions can be shared byothers in the community who are inspired either by yourpersonal vision or action,enabling you to motivate each other
it's good, I just got back from seeing it!
and sleeping schedule too
Did you get my DM with my email? You can always use as well.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. — Henry Ward Beecher
i don't believe you
RT : What are you listening to right now? #Need2Share --> #Phil&Friends Althea with Joan Osborne on lead vocals.
bro what do you mean? Like the da in general? Bro idk about my dress...
Follow for all things #art #fashion #music #design and for some general
lol At least I don't have to get stitches! :D So, what have you been doing?
This Light in August analysis isn't going to get done. I'm lost and I really don't care to do it.
Atlanta venue for auditions is popular with registrants.
Not everyone understands my humor. 'Tis a shame...
Now let's keep our fingers crossed for NEH.
"I don't even know why I'm talking to you" - way to go
Too hungover to tweet
yes sir! Start to finish tonight. “: I've got by double figures. Agree/Disagree?”
Hoping the #WorldSeries proves to be appropriate blue-state-triumphs-over-red-state foreshadowing for E-Day.
RT : Agreed. It's like our #lecole41 graduated and went off to college! Indeed!
Chobani Strawberry Banana Greek Yogurt…YUM!!!!
what game was you playing ?
and diet
Hoping for a #Penguins win!
Never been this bored at a party
only one, but the other 13 are trying to stop him.
And for the first of many times, Henrik >>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Henrique
We're this Friday night w/ The Scissors, Ivory Theory and Mutts. Don't miss it!
hm what times I'll take it if I need it I have to check the requirements again cause everyone tells me different classes
I love it when my two-year old Stata syntax runs correctly on the first try!
Kim parker built ahh
eating subway(:
workplace frustrations today there. bS?
oh please do
I love the passion of other Geeks. But the intellectual pissing contests, I could do without. It's a waste of my time.
Last night dog & cat sitting in Noe Valley... #bittersweet Love animals being around but so over the responsibility
glee is making this studying so much better 👍
I'm talking about the people complaining that this isn't universal healthcare.
What is the link?
you know what I am going to buy some more gold on Wed since it's dropped a little,will post a pic on Wed
Christians should live as Jesus Christ's representative Col 3:17
Follow me,Is Hot related to Desperate Housewives
“: I love someone that I can motivate and they motivate me #dynamiteduo”
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
•*´¨`*•♀♀SENDING LOVE TO ALL OUR SUPPORTERS AND FOLLOWERS♂♂
No one wants to meet me? Lol okay I'm a lazy ass anyway c:
I know a contracts expert barrister in London. Dont know about affordability. Want name anyway?
I decreased service, cancelled paper billing & 4 some reason, am being shipped a new receiver? Have an email I can use
Reminds me of this past Friday. Saw 2 ducks trying to cross the street. Ducks are mad dumb, yo...but cute! :)
Well said! I have dedicated myself and my professional life to helping others understand the wisdom that is revealed in my...
#nw lets go to prison:]
geting ready for going to grinnell today was the last day of cross country practice for me
simple answer: no. he cannot get good hitters out...and the cardinals have too many good hitters in their lineup.
the words I usually have for SEO are "explain yourself. again".
that's the worst! Then you just eat way more than you should.
Did that sound dismissive? I didn't mean for it to. Color options are something we hear from time to time, so there's a good chance.
haha it's hard not to! I'm in advanced so they make us do so much more work D:
This condom was cold and now my vagina is on fire. WTF TROJAN??
I got an a.p test today but ima stat home cause idk shit...
text me I will dm u my num
I'm BSHU at the yard tonight
nope *starts smackin louder* : aye share!
I remember when I used to look forward to the weekend to get hammered and go out. Now I'm lucky if I even go out once.
The archival A/V assessment I'm currently working on proves one thing: there are VHS tapes EVERYWHERE and they're all in craptastic shape.
You pumping blood when you doing a jumping jack, we extracting blood when we jumping jack. #jackFuckedUp #comedyflow lol
Oh me oh my!
I think I am missing something here…
Only ugly girls say suck my dick, then that's when you question them
Counting the days...
Heading to !
thanks for the follow and thanks for providing your studio for our NARIP brunch last Saturday!
The Athenaeum is indeed open today, stop by for a Saturday visit if you're in town.
wtf what happened,, we love sue
Immediate Release: Pearl Quinones, first Latina elected to the SUHSD School Board receives Uptown Democratic Club Endorsement Feb 23, 2010
I need more followers so I can follow more tweeters
Um hi i love you too
Who taught #Tebow how to throw?....Daddy used to say ' don't ever throw like a girl"...
FOLLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE ALL OF YOU GUYS SO MUCH <3
finished the book in what? 3days!
Maybe I'm just crazy, crazy for you baby
Thank you for another amazing show.
You taking the Giants, Ced?
o new blog for me to read!
I'm like Roderick in Diary of a Wimpy Kid...................without the torture of my brother!
Committed a cardinal travel sin, I had premier access and I didn't walk on the special carpet!
Just remember, not everything turns out the way you planned it.
Wedding Ceremony: How To Choose A Celebrant - Huffington Post
i'm working on yelling "I'M THE FACE PUNCHER" in French.
Congrats on #1500shows! Thank you for bringing us Sophia Grace and Rosie
Pandora right now >>> headphones in, ignoring everyone.
1st day of 2012 is almost in the history books. Got a ton accomplished today. It's gonna be a gr8 year! I can feel it.
Hoping it will warm up earlier this yr than the last couple & I'll have better luck with tomatoes, peppers, etc.
down again with no mich ultra on the club level. If I have to keep leaving to get food and drinks what is the value of my tix?
RT : At the center of your being you have the answer. You know who you are and you know what you want. ~ Lao-Tzu
That Brett Lawrie swing was sweeter than 's most recent photo compilation
GARP Assessment Tool expected to be available in January. Basic and premium packages available.
If you're sick of stress, contact me. I can help.
I can honestly say I have a good daddy even though he made his mistakes I wouldn't trade him for the world <3
Have a bottle of a certain beer (Ahem!), and it'll surely take the edge off. Or six. Have six bottles.
Just thinking about Back to the Future II, when is this pockets-out trend gonna take off
(jen) Working from the cafe this morning - seems to be the only way I can get any writing done! Hoping to get a newsletter out this week.
also possible: "discrete only"=against the prevalent culture of sex w/o spatial, time, or phenomenological bounds
You had me at beer, sliders, and fries.....And also Julie's blessed event.
Going to "Houston's" tonight for dinner - A think the Rib Eye Steak is calling me! Any other suggestions?
< My pleasure
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
You made me smile right now
That dude jamming on
it is a Trek Allant WSD
Probably shouldn't then if there's more than one!!
showed love to ya boy but not u! Myb. U rock the stage too homie..
what r u doing
I would rather it if more boys talked to me. Girls are drama... Not all girls, just a lot of them.
HAAIIII. I'm Mariah. Nice to met you.
thanks bro!! #imonit :-)
janjos: I liked your stand at #sla2009 very much!
although I have never met you, I sill feel strangely proud whenever I see something about you in the news.
Sorry I haven't replied sooner. Thanks for the kind words. I love doing the show!
Now I can talk about on twitter #score :)
THANKS FOR RUINING IT. Lol
hahaha kind of a catch22 with some of these client "dev" teams. Just need a good old-fashion Darth Vader force choke maybe
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time
One wayward yellow balloon just drifted past my office window. As would say: "magic."
Feels like running away. Screw stress .
Yeeks--that might be an adventure. But it'd be great should it happen. Likewise, if you're ever in California...
Spiderman Broadway, Cheesecake Factory, Overniight here @ Delaware !!
Goodnight again.......lol
Get exposure to college coaches join for free today
Girls are crazy confusing fuck having a relationship im taking a trip to slut city
Hydro-Québec launches experimental project on plug-in vehicles and the power system
Gasp! They're both wonderful! Bring kleenes to Les Mis...
everyone is doing a public reply not DM so here we go #TheGreatest, 3634, 11.5
Art is only the search and never the final form.
Amy I love your show I'm probably the biggest fan ever and if u follow me back I will be happier than a fat kid on cake :) <3 LLT
If you're a packer fan browsing info on new picks, I HIGHLY recommend the draft pick reaction podcasts from &
not often
SERIOUSLY? I just found an evil cat curled up on the dining room table. And she acted like it was cute.
Next year for the Colts will remind me of 1996 when I walked up to the RCA Dome an hour before the game and purchased a ticket.
that's so cool -Caden
Great Magazine guys.
Flyers/Rangers 24/7 premier last night revealed Flyers locker room victory music: Knock Knock
#FF for depth and breadth in covering ideas: Seeking Wisdom , Open Culture , Sam McNerney
Whoa, congrats man!
“Debt ceiling,” to me, sounds like a boring John Grisham novel, but apparently it’s very important ..
drinking starbucks, enjoying the sun
Argh! My eyes!
Sorry for what happen to Amy Winehouse, She was awesome and like everyone else she had her flaws and unfortunately it got the best of her.
no vacay! straight grind!
following you:) follow back
never said donT watch...you know #HBO #Girls is lowlife, lowbrow, no class, degrading...addG no value to anything
"Aspire to Inspire Before You Expire"
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember ~
"Wait... Isn't crack weed?"
I say it again WAKE UP X
Done. :D
same! listen to that whole cd tho i have a few songs from it on my iPod lol i have yeah 3x by all-star weekend umm roll up by
Where have you travled recently?
Monday! RT : Signing my management contract soon... ;)
Great WordPress MeetUp at our office last night.
I Want Some Milk.&.Cookies.
now everything is good:B
what is your opinion on the storms hitting southern WI? still has strong as they are now between Conway Springs & Wichita?
Will say something be out on itunes anytime soon? (:
OMG the sky is Mad at some1
TMZ Trivia is back tonight at TC Hooligan's in Greece!! will be hosting 9-11pm.. come win prizes for your pop culture knowledge
: #Bulls finish the season with 50 wins and best record in the NBA.
trying to wring the value out of MARC.
Why? Why are the Taco Time tweets being highlighted for me? WHY?
nope he is on an airplane :)
There really is no way cool to wear a helmet.
AH OMG yes
lmao! I promise you do! I was just watching Khloe & Lamar's wedding
I think that's an important question. There's so much literature and yet we have no answer. I'd say:
That makes me really happy. <3
Too funny. And didn't you also do a feminist Disney paper as well?
got me a Cadillac car..
Let us know if you have any questions before you go... and stay in touch!
if I had a dollar for every time I heard that. Lol after the first they just start falling out. U better get some good BC
Golf, disc golf, tennis, biking, running, walking, sunbathing, ducks, dogs, kids, students, faculty - Fantastic Feb day at the Winthrop Lake
Ecology seminar with Cohen and Morton interrupted by actual elemental relations: tornadoes.
Playing super Mario galaxy with one of the coolest kids in the world
iPhone is feelin' fresh with a new bumper thanks to
i made a picture about the account !(:
in maxs ring
knew that! Love you
i have nothing to wear-_- is it friday yet?
Second guess your fist impression.
u realy have a great voice =)
You're gonna miss this, you're gonna want this back, you're gonna wish these days hadn't gone by so fast !
'The uprising has become an armed rebellion' -Debra Amos
I'm a busy Beavis today. Uh... huh... you should like use a StringBuilder or something
Enjoying the light-hearted jabs the #flashbelt speakers are taking at Apple. Good attitude overall throughout the conference
my stomach hurt...
One more session then it's start preparing for family time.
jorge: at Boardwalk, no gas, electric, still leaking natural gas in some places. "Don't come down here, Stay Away!" Kemah police officer.
STOP IT RIGHT NOW. STOP IT. STOP.
With my little bebe later <3
starting B-School w/you, looking forward to it! xo
You're song was the melody to my ears. I loved it :) Can't wait to hear it more often.
haha nah i dont like people I know on twitter haha
It sure is!! Straight on point. ": The Spurs ball movement is pristine"
Church and teaching sunday school.
Back at Berry Park tonight. DJing from 10-4. No Cover. North 14th and Berry street.
must have been a glitch in my iphone app for Goodreads - found it and rated it (5 stars of course!)
Ok off to charge my phone before thinks I was fibbing lol
Awesome! Another runner! Keep training! Full or half?
[Phil2:13] It is FatherGod who works in us to will/do HIS good pleasure + [Phil1:6]HE will continue HIS work until LordChrist returns for us
OK Cafe makes a great classic grilled cheese sandwich! The rooftop lounge at Melia has a grilled cheese sandwich w/ a twist!
No matter what I say im not over you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATH WELL IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY IN THE UK EVEN THOUGH I LIVE IN THE US ILL STILL WISH U A HAPPY B-DAY tomorrow!
Interesting conversation about U.S. & #Israeli relations with during lunch. Off to the Phillies at Nats game. 3rd game of the week!
oh wow that was the first one? AWESOME glad I didn't miss it :D
Yes serious opps coming up this fall... can we reschedule a time to talk? Thanks!!
My opinions of models have changed so much. What makes You beautiful is inside and out not what materialistic objects can do to you
Dont Even Trip Is Ugly As Fuck
I didn't go to my friends house today #BecauseItsFriday but Austin didn't even do an austream :/ I don't think he ever will now
Always humbled by my family, I swear I have no chance to become as awesome as my grandpa...
on another point. You wanna argue with ? Your gonna end up fighting with all of us too, as in his fans.
hahah heck no!!
And 5) It makes you yearn for the days of the WanStash. I never thought I'd think, "Man I wish Dave Wannstedt was still head coach."
So excited about 11/11/11! #cantwait to get home and test out !
"everyone wants to see their name in lights, but I want mine on a cupcake"
OMG She is so cute. Congrats, Daddy! Just H'in K's like it's no big deal.
will never notice me :( </3
Back to my happy self ^-^ though I never really stop smiling :))
First mention of second homes. Still listening for discussion of rental housing.
Cryballz for tonights episode. Loved it!
Seriously though y'all got phones or gchat or something right
how high is always a classic
So let's pretend you made it to the big leagues… what would your walk-up song be, and why?
Hey #UPEIAN105 Tomorrow is a little (ok, totally) disjointed finishing 1 unit and start another. Mintz on food, research methods, and ethics
Happy 93rd birthday to Nelson Mandela
If we reject our emotions we go to sleep and exist instead in the shadow of our own un-lived life.
I love making kids all mad on call of duty lolololol I hate to be a troll but its just funny how mad they get over a game :P
just got back from tulsa drillers game..great game..homer won the game 2 out 1 on base bottom of the 9th
Keep on knockin but u can't come in...
You remember that time we could just stare at each other for hours without getting bored? Oh you don't Well, I remember our whole thing. </3
hey sent you a message on your myspace page.
My bathroom looks like a beauty salon threw up
I just wanted everyone to leave it the fuck alone. Couldn't even do that.
Pedro's Tacos in San Clemente, still the best.
Happy New Years! :) My new year resolution: To find the one.
true I hope will forgive me!
Rita Ora's single sounds really good on radio. I doubt she'll be a huge success, but her contributions to top-40 music are welcome.
I need to stop saying cunt and cocksucker so much.
hey! too soon. thanks for the condolences anyway...
TIRED & HUNGRY ... Still have a million and one things left to do ..
No problem,it was real busy today. I loved that movie btw :)
loved your set tonight!!! Love that you guys are local. Good times! :)
Those people aren't staying up all night. They just think it's cool to say so. They're what you'd call "morons." ☺
Is this Twitter?
I'm bouta buy a car off my mechanic I think. Lemme know when you go slab searching doe. I needa look too
~Lydia Maria Child, The American Frugal Housewife, 1829Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length .
Call me maybe.
Twitter is a good place - you can find a lot of guys here, like us. Come to visit us at ww.joborworker.com! we just started!
Focus on creators for managing e recs in small or big staffed institution
You are fast!
Sauternes is fantastic but really????? Your favorite Bordeaux??? Wow that is so revealing about this critic's mindset!
Yeah Giants!!
so awesome!!!!
your welcome :)
Beings homeschooled was without a doubt one of the best decisions I've made in my life. I can honestly say i'm genuinely happy now.
MissD...it's not so clear when your helmeted head is stuck up your....oh, never mind!
so proud to be named as a source 4 & Hickman Interiors in both GORGEOUS editorials in the Winter 2012 issue of
Just saved four kittens lives today!
Have you ever been charged a #fitting #fee for #glasses? I was charged $80 to pick out a pair of
More basketball to watch. Last week of school. S/o to all my seniors, live it up! Enjoy your Sunday.
We're hheerrreee! ": & I are on our way to ! #roadtrip"
Ah I'm so tired-.-
Your mom. Is in my pants.
I just bought tweetbot & I'm loving it!!!
But that workout tho? Wow 😰 sweating bullets!
No photo? It didn't happen :)) LOL!! RT : I just touched one of Anais Nin's diaries!
RT : Phone on 5% Well damn.. Charge that shit up.
our pleasure!
I se dat ur on I want to ask if u can giv me advice on 6th grade MD cuz im kinda chubby so I worry and I still need advice
I'm a big fan of the #SKC fan holiday video. The players visiting the characters, not real life after all, to collect season ticket money.
I'd rather have bad grammer then go to hell, bye loser.
Emotions lead to unthoughtful action..
bummed I missed it. Winston has been talking about this one for a while. Had another event to attend.
well, we love that you listen and laugh along with us! Thank you for your kind words
Facebook seems to be down 'for required maintenance'. On a Sunday?
I've been squeezing my butt with all day at
Packing!!! ... in a New York state of mind!
tired, but still working. oh leh do it.
It's been done before in one year. So why not next year? Don't matter how crappy they were this year. Next year!
bahaha, I find it hard to believe that theres actually people who get in the shower first & THEN turn on the water.
Thank you very much!!
is advertising on Who says doesn't pay attention to the direct sheets?
Hello, Carbon
so was good mo'fcka
How you gonna make that call.
aw, your really in love with how sweet :') x
Check out for news updates!
I am doing fine thanks for asking:)!!
i've performed sull'aria a few times! i <3 it. i was susanna/bartoli -- very fun to sing/act out.
I just changed my Twitter account name to KingtonCommRE to reflect the fact that I will be tweeting as Kington Commercial. Same focus.
Think milk is bad ? Well, never, ever watch something gut bustingly funny while eating hot & sour soup #It'sNotJustTheTofu
if Jason tweets me i'm gonna poop in my shoes.
Stubborn fat can be eliminated with the latest liposuction procedures using lasers.BodySculpting is virtually painless with minimal surgery.
Open your eyes bro, I like you.
20 days to the orange and white game!
i kno i can
Beyond ready for this weekend.. Prayin mother nature will be kind to every soul in fredonia so we can have a good #fredfest2012 🍻🍸🎉😜
What with my trip to Montreal & coming home to snow, I've been unable to get out to my gym--until today. Can't wait to sweat.
It's such a big part of Hannah's life. I'm glad it comes through.
The channel keeps switching between couples therapy and tough love all by itslef lol
hello darling
Yeah, this one's over. You think 7? I'll go Rangers in 6.
Wouldn't it be cool to be as smooth as ?
Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture. Allen Ginsberg
okay i would really like that alex lol
RT : Thanks, Clarence! 1 Detroit youth will be headed to UofM...
lol if its open..yea
Playing a little words with friends with my wonderful Hit me up if you want to play. Im Runningman
I got you !!! RT : I never swerved ona Asian before
That is soo cute ^_^ I love Grandpa<3
Hey how many followers does if say I have?
an now got started
Memories that tie my nasal hairs into intricate knots.
People status on fb be the most like oh wow is all I can say to them
Congrats JC! MT GMR's will be presenting to ’s MBA program this morning on soccer and global
Don't tell me Pats are signing Mike Wallace, anything but that..
Obviously then, you have no life.
Two L.A. subways were approved today. TWO. Now we just need that #405line for Valley to the Westside. Subway to the Sky.
Basketball isn't as popular in Canada as it is in the US. Hockey is by far the most popular sport in Canada. Steve Nash
Oh my God, Houston, you look so good. Have you lost weight? First stop in Texas: whataburger. Fuck in-n-out vale verga
Proud and excited to be the new president of the #Newmarket - #Aurora Federal #Liberal Ass'n
“: Did the Lakers just trade Fisher? Wtf?” yes they did. PISSED!!!!!!!
I ended up having to stay on playersonly because of being in NY. Couldn't test any others.
Thanks for the RT, Jocelyn! Love the HDC connection.
a high ponytail is very chi! My hair may go up this afternoon after my 3 mile run.
Et voila ... Three weeks until we push off for Poland. This has been a long wait, tickets booked in January.
Check out our summer schedule at www.theblackberries.com
Bahaha! I have been born into the twitter world. Austin,TX we love you and all your love for our Tacos (and Mexican food). Feeling the LOVE!
Slowly bringing my Twitter account back to life. What better way to start than adding friends.
Random Fact: The only guy without a beard in ZZTOP surname (last name) is Beard.
you rule
what's going on homie?
I wish I could see the look on your face when you read my text messages.
I'm starting to get very sad mister! 😭
We are slotted for an #indyzoob announcement today at high NOON!!!
u must do that 2 cuz u know alot about it,u nasty!
Until I get 100 I am not gonna shut up about TELL PEOPLE TO FOLLOW ME DAMN IT
RT : Roc Nation can't manage a bake sale.
: def get wit it
Did you hear about the cannibal spider that ate his uncle's wife? He was an aunteater.
in a get off my cloud - elevator door closing kind of way?
just checked, we're still working on it. We'll let you know!
we r pitching in 5$ lol
Thanks! Perhaps for sharing these resources with me I should take you out to lunch - plus we both know it's long overdue.
R&H Mercedes Benz of Baltimore is starting our complete renovation. The new rehab will be a complete German Auto haus renovation.
let's see, lady gaga doesnt know you, doesnt care for you and yet you defend her?
Successful weekend!
#nescagvball Tufts we love ya! Best from California!!
not if you have to spend some now for some promised savings that'll come later (aka buy x from me and save y$ in z years)
SESQUICENTENNIAL refers to a period of 150 years. 2011 is the sesquicentennial of the beginning of the American Civil War.
Hi, Can You Please Give A Shout Out To Catherine Gonzalez, and could you please follow me? :D :D
If I had to describe myself in terms of characters, it would be 1 part George Costanza, 3 parts John Candy in Planes/Trains/Automobiles.
just help me get my name out there and I'll get you the tickets
Very cool! RT LLC grad students' and my podcasts mentioned today in 's "You Don't Say" blog! bsun.md/mOGe5G
Oh my god they found a new JFK assassination tape.
Who knew that by changing the variable from "add" to "edit" that the DRS Group change would work.
Hey #dynamo suck on my balls!
.... Health code violation FYI
When i swallow it feels like i'm swallowing down legos ow sore throat ow.
Sheep? Methinks thou art projecting.
I Love Encinitas!
M sleep after the longest day of travel ever!
How do you like it so far? It's been on my TBR for forever!
Titus, We create custom Twitter backgrounds 4 many of the Browns. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if u want one.
David, are you also in the training? I'm totally impressed! excuse me 3 115 39401!
probably tower to see if cleary wants to start filmin n shizz :p
Traci. Pop by Safari Cup coffee-enjoy a fresh brew of our African Arabica coffee roasted here onsite on us
fun! Can't wait to hear your review.
I just don't understand the technology, I guess. What on earth could there be that needs processing that an amp can't?
One More Thing: Torres tweets break Twitter records - TechRadar UK
"as a human there's like 140 ppl you care about" - funny also 140 character limit on Twitter #dcswa prof dev day
yes very ! his name is ricky.
you fuck, you made fun of us for having twitter. you fuck you.
40 away from my next hundred. RT? (shoutouts will be returned)
My law-school buddy who went to Michigan undergrad said the only reason he ever stopped in OH was to take a dump.
"who?"...*names a person you dont know*..."let me facebook that hoe" LOL
DM us the card number, we can check for you.
please let us know that you guys are ok. I heard about the building collapse.
TRAFFIC: Sherman Avenue between Lakeview Ave & Tennyson Lane is temporarily closed. MG&E is rehanging power wires.
On the real, I just felt a huge Déjà vu moment. I think we've spoken about this before.
I feel really anti social this morning. I think my coworkers think I'm a serial killer.
to make Watson female is not cool. it feels like they hope they can maybe have a sort of romance between her && Sherlock.
I could really go for some chicken express sweet tea, BBQ, and a big dill pickle.
Haven't they already hit twice? Blown lead against the Yankees, swept by Baltimore.
Laura, thanks for the interest in our Solar initiatives! Someone will contact you soon.
is that you in the video?
3 assists and no turnovers for #Nuggets Ty Lawson in the 1st half.
Who is in downtown Chicago right now?
I'm 2700 :+D RT : RT : I'm only 9 followers from 2700. Can u help a girl out and rt this? Thanks :)
I'm with you, makes me sick too
Saw your article in the recent vouge. Congrats. big fan. thank you girls for the inspiration
maybe I should jump on a place to #Nashville its 34 in Seattle.
birthday dinner in Newport. Great times!
Joined Instagram earlier. Will be following some of you assholes shortly.
Yaya! is in Toronto!!! Hopefully I'll get to see her! :D
Always love when flight are delayed longer than the duration of the actual flight.
3 Pieces His & Hers, 925 Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated & Titanium Matching Engagement Wedding Bridal Ring Set. AVAILABLE SIZES men ’s 7,
HOLY CRAP are facebook ads obnoxious. I can't even handle looking at timelines today.
made a late breakfast... headache.. going back to sleep for a bit.. then pool w/ my lil man :)
Would love to meet in person next week. I'll be at the Sperry Van Ness Booth # C162F! Stop by.
I just did....thanx
Sessions is a sucha beast
Just ordered more ! A white-tank top Kaoir shirt && South Beach Barbie Nail Polish ! , you're my rolemodel :-)
Kentucky Fans follow and show him some love! Spread the word
FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY! Come party with Vegas' FINEST!
If a user doesn't exist...how can they follow you? What kind of games are you playing Twitter?
#Bills get the shutout! Nice... 23-0
Doing business w/o advertising islike winking at a girl inthe dark. U know what u r doing, but nobody else does. ~Steuart Henderson Britt
“: ISO educator in DC area with experience in informal and background in biology, preferably genetics/genomics. Know anybody?”
We got rid of cable today. Huray for more classical and reading nights in my future.
can you take a break from your cheese and toast to tell me of you guys will be doing warped signings?
The best revenge!
: Haha just a #yolo weekend!;p
Can't wait 2 see 1 of my fav new artists live tonight Do yourself a favor & come down or at least check him out!
I do use Degree. RT : Are you Bear Grylls? RT : I am out of soap, tooth paste and shaving cream. I am a disaster.
Super Welterweight RT : Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Miguel Cotto by unanimous decision to win WBA junior middleweight title...
We are teaming up with Brilliant Beginnings Childcare for a holiday shopping fundraiser extravaganza benefitting their facility on 11/30.
Whenever I take long naps lord knows when I will ever go to sleep for the night geez!
Qualls better save this fucking game! Give lee the win already!
Giving students the power and then watching them strive for excellence is an incredible teaching experience. -Catherine Doanne
word! Thanks for the support!
do you have Xbox live? (;
I get so excited when I meet people who are from Kentucky. I just have this theory that they must know Josh then.
[sadface] Transcript in a few days, though. RT : Having problems connecting to the chat today, alas.
I am very good at procrastination. Sent from my bed where I'm avoiding packing and watching Glee via Hulu on my iPhone.
gurl you need to tell us if you're really gonna be on X Factor. I don't trust E news tbh!
Just the tweet I wanted to see! Thanks for all that you do and you guys have fun on the slopes!!! *Hi Lizzie*
well whose fault is that, cuz it sure aint mine...
That's definitely the best way to start a day. I went all pumpkin spice latte crazy today.
In these past few days.. I've dug myself into a deeper hole...
lol. I got u man
Watching unsung !
: TONIGHT #CAMPAIGN BITCHES WILL BE OPENING UP FA AT #OBSESSIONS! SO MAKE SURE YALL CUM THRU N TURN UP WIT US!
Day 1 of vacation....nearly 3 hours at the dentist. Day 2....well it can only get better from here.
Here at #LSCon, checking out the Expo. Up next: Compressing Audio & Video
fine I'll tell my mom to leave me the card
staging a children's theatre show in the a.m. then making the jazz at Andy's with CGQ at 5pm.
I Don't Wanna Work..I Just Wanna Bang on the Drums All Day!!
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
I think she is lying, but how much is fact or fiction in"real life" politics?Would hate 2 see this played out in real life,whew!
Man if i was out of town right now i'd be goin downstairs to get my free fresh continental breakfast
is praticing spanish via messenger while at work!!!
we're back now!!
that's muh girl!
Hi, It's been a while. Our power was out for a few days, too...and played Bananagrams by candlelight last night!
Craving Jamba Juice...what about you?
RT : Obama tells ABC interviewer he supports gay marriage, first president to take that position.
Double X Science: DXS Op-Ed: How birth control can save the world
Listened to Will Smith this morning and now I can't stop singing Gettin' Jiggy Wit It. Man, I miss the 90s.
Crossfit is apparently a code word for sexy guys with nice bodies and tat's. Where do i sign up? Had a great weekend
#BelieveTour next week. WHAT. ?!
I would have been so angry haha. My boyfriend got pulled over for "losing his registration sticker" It was still there!
Whew. The holidays have taken over. Simply want to wish all our twitter friends a very happy 'whatever you celebrate.' Peace.
my bad, but when you have to go to LAX for a redetermination, who wants to take the freeway.
A great afternoon meeting the cast for a film, we are shooting with Broken Scar Productions. First read through sounded great!
So, what's it like in the real world? Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it. ~ Bill Watterson
LP '93 was in Atlanta. Rage, Tool and others I don't remember. And the biggest, muddy pit I've ever been in or seen. Good times.
rumors that more changes are coming after next year. Should Nike address it? Jersey could be out of style quick
stop with the term job creators. any spent money has potential to create jobs. my car was towed. you're welcome, city of chicago employees.
Not what I was expecting. =/ *hugs* Are you sure there's not a 3rd option you haven't realized?
Oh.cute.
doing a great job bro
Excited for #tedxabq tomorrow!! Less than 12 hours till the event!
Gotta be something, right? This also screws our trading Sessions for something...
Just Dropped a Brand New Bottle Of Coconut Ciroc In The Street And Broke It!, But i Managed To Hold On To The 1.49 Pineapple Juice...
“ I love my friend i can tell her anything”} and vice versa love!
I am the liquor tonight, that I confiscate
In the mood for a special sweet treat? Try a delicious cinnamon cluster or sweet and hearty oatmeal.
Hey who's idea was it to get a 6 am flight after getting back to the room at 2 am??
Hey Bartenders, are you interested in being featured on Thirsty Thursday? Shoot me an email.
some of you niggaz just SIMPLE as hell...lol
Met with an antiques appraiser. A wonderful resource for my clients and anyone who cares about their collections.
never had one.. Enjoy one for me!
What is the site for the food truck article.
Jackie Gillan Pres, Advocates for #Highway & #Auto Safety will be speaking this year about #safety on #roads, a #major hot-button #issue!
You know, Willie Wonka said it best: we are the makers of dreams, the dreamers of dreams
apart from that, how are you doing?
u comen this rob ?
THANK YOU!!! www.donnalynne.com
Thanks so much for the PBL RT!
Lovin #MISTLETOE ! Playing constantly in my brain ~ catch myself singing it all the time! Def a new Holiday Music Tradition <3
Could I get my hands on some samples?
#Dylan, Tell Mr. Graham to go to NACA. My friend had same prob, unending trial mods. At Naca BA modified loan and took interest to 2%.
Big disappointment. Here we come Southdale.
72 degrees makes for an amazing Friday night late March in Minneapolis!
I would love to, I have so many things to talk about. Thanks for reaching out.
I'm so excited to see #ThePlayboyClub!
Good to hear you found some decent food.
So glad to hear it! RT : Great dinner last night. Excellent food/service, friendly staff and cool dining areas...
check you messages on here.
I might...though I like the real thing more!!
haha im giddy like a school girl.
Sneak peek of today's photoshoot for new section of Vibrant magazine called Vibrant Kids! Coming in next month's issue!
Fuck the police!
Unfollow me. Bc I'm sick of the fakers, quit smiling when we talk. Success will be my best revenge.
shouldn't you be concentrating on driving and not tweeting?
YEAH! ROCKS!! There's some people I'd LOVE to work with someday!!! \m/
Miley Cyrus is back on twitter ! Cambio said this !
The past is prophetic in that it asserts loudly that wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows.
just dying from school, haha!
hey guys good morning to all hope you have a good day, today takes a trip to the beach
Thank you to Phil and Kobe for the championships AND being class acts from beginning to end! You will always be the best!
I MISS YOU. i'm sure school's mega busy but holy shiiiii we need to see each other:)
we gunna miss you too ! 😭
wow, it's been so long since I've put words on paper. I can see a significant fall back in quality. Oh well.
A3: #Chicago has such a fantastic community vibe compared to other major metropolitan areas. We foster that well here.
finally off work.. who got the drinks??
Booyah from Milwaukee Brewing and Qu Rosa from O'so Brewing just hit the draft line's for $1 off all night!
Hunter makes that catch, yet he missed the routine pop fly...
Driving my Jeep into giant mud puddles never gets old.
Jay-Ism # 3 - "How you perceive yourself has little importance if it is not congruent with how Others perceive you."
Thanks for liking my page Ixchel and Celena! :-)
hell yea I be be bumpin lol : )
I was just saying the same thing to a friend. Maybe Chicago, though.
then he said 'welp girls all of you guys are destine for plastic surgery'
LMBO!!! Wonka...you should of seen what I wrote earlier.
Yea David's win is super sweet! now they get free advertising for one month in Vegas!
Out of the 3 players at the #MLSCombine who have scored 2 goals each, who did more off the ball to really deserve the goals?
They have NO IDEA what the hell they're doing. Which u could have told them in the first 10-15 min (which I did), but... (#clear)
yeah I've had a bb through my bay window and a rock that busted the upstairs window.
Distributors: just so you know, the price is going up.
Fascinating and terrible are good criteria for many things. Hope you like it.
RT: #WeWereCoolUntil i found out that you don't like pokemon.
There is a ridiculous dance party going on in the pearl right now... Celebrate!
:o aw u going to bed?
Buffalo wings - Check, pigs-in-a-blanket - Check, chips and dip - Check, Beer - Check. Looks like I'm ready for the game.
Shut the fuck up laker crowd!
enjoyed you too! “: Yes!!!! I really enjoyed talking via Skype with you all... I had a blast last night”
You don't think students start at wikipedia? #sschat I agree, it is a great springboard to discuss on evaluation of sources
I can't wait to slurp up my martinis w/a straw at Crisp tomorrow w/, ,
Jammin' out to Kid Rock Grit Sandwiches in the car with my sis
needs to follow back ^-^
Thanks...it is a great place...made the writing easy. :-)
That nigga boosie went free today
“: Only 2% of Earth's population are natural redheads.”
Saints slicing up this Niners D!
religious to my man
Need to go herd the unruly volumes of Philosophical Transactions (Royal Society) into a nice upgraded SIRIS record.
This game is kinda boring.
Hometown refs trying to help Brady and the hapless Pats out. What a terrible pass interference call.
-OFFLINE_ Happy Valentine's Day! & Remember Justin Bieber Fan Video Canceled! Sorry
Everyone #StopHatingSelena! Just
I don't think it's my body that's the problem. My legs are only slightly dissimilar to model legs. I think models look dumb in these pants
Just the tip of the iceberg for OSU scandals I bet. The funny thing is is that OSU diehards are too blind to admit it.
hahaha and it was your dad!
yah they need to do that cuss i know that some Canadian ICONiacz arent gonna go to the US for them
Q10: Best way to relax after a long day of sightseeing?
says we can de-stigmatize & humanize #homeless by telling stories, committing to a cause
Catch latest film The Lawyer, The Thug, & The Princess Feb 20th & Feb 23rd at the Pan African Film Fest www.paff.org Xo! ;)
WHAT YEAR IS IT?!
no I've learned my lesson. I have friends scavenging their neighborhoods and looking through other sites.
what's up with MSU?
Comfort Inn Totten
Back on track today! finishing up the rest of the guitars, then its just vocals!!
When Tom from gets in tweet mode my phone explodes for a good 30 minutes at least daily!
nothin listening to pandora and u
These refs blow call it both ways
Is it possible to use #Spotify without linking it to your #Facebook? I don't want what I'm listening to showing up on newsfeed
Its almost the end of the work week.
In a manner of minutes the entire internet exploded as came back officially! Welcome back Earl Sweatshirt 2012's music has begun
Haters hate because they hate seeing you do better.
It's a bust: RT : WOW... New NAM Model gives NO SNOW TO DC Sunday, joining the EURO MODEL
hard to be mad when you get paid a LOT more to do a LOT less. I havent seen someone die in 6 months. Woooooot!
So Romney gives Homo the boot.. Good. It just feels....like the first authentic thing he's ever done. But his wife's hair is gonna suffer.
you just blew my mind. I'm probably going to call you up and ask you about that, too.
Real men don't wear PINK, they EAT it ;) x
Having grown up in Nebraska and been through *many* , I can't imagine NOT having them. I'm ultra paranoid.
that's sweet! Thank you!
Thank you very much!
#confession I've only been n love once but I loved alot!
thank you big hug n kisses back at you :)
Girl in lime green tube top - twirling your umbrella on the corner is not helping your case. Sincerely, Me.
lol i think the same thing
Lots of people heading to the Rose City Bug-in today. Are you going?
Angry Birds is making me an angry bird!
win :) KG KG KG KG
well your link appears to be daed i guess, but im watching forgg
ooh.. Wendy's has baked sweet potatoes now.. this could be dangerous.
we have 122 likes on facebook. wowzaaa :') keep it going!
I really want the ups minus all the downs....I'm just selfish like that.
Spring cleaning on your mind? A freshly #painted #garage with new #shelves is the way to go! You need it we do it!
25 years ago today, Juan Nieves threw the only no-hitter in Brewers franchise history. Ah, those '87 Brewers...
We're planning a wedding! Ha! Did you get a hold of ? She's in charge of event planning.
Hello #21stME chatters! Excited to talk to all of you shortly.
now THAT's an object!
good to meet you as well; definitely keep in touch!
admit its an acquired taste...I hated raising Arizona first time I saw it but like it now
You go girl!
INTERNING with Carrie Cavalier (Photography) today! That how I got my FREE headshots! Friend her on facebook and see about doing the same!
okay, no I got out earlier and its cool if you can't, I just really want to see you.
I seriously know people who are probably surprised it isn't...
Lazy Sunday
Everybody get out there and vote in all of the upcoming elections !!
Ethier you can make the play...or you can't.
I agree much!!!
LETS DO IT HAHAHAHAHA
I wish would follow me...<3
happy birthday
“Love me, hate me, leave me or take me; I promise I won't have any fucks to give any which way."
Love God's Word this morning ~ so fresh, powerful! Thought ~ If I'm gonna crave something 2day; let it be His sweet presence!
"Your culture is your brand." - TONY HSIEH, CEO, ZAPPOS.COM
Who's ready for some #newmusic !!?? #imback :)
Timbers suck,..... and people are surprised by this????
Cushing Academy did not eliminate all books. Kept all fiction, art books and donated nonfiction. This not reported in the media
Wow..I haven't watched since 2005..hahahahaha...thanks !!!
dont read them :) lol but im donnee .. for now.
Only the third day of 2011 and we're getting ready to launch our 2nd website ALREADY!
Tonight all roads lead to Capri's Lounge 4 the Grown & Sexy Affair.... Presented By: FLAT-HATent
yeah yeah hoe
Am I trifeling for after introducing this boy to the world, breakin up..and then returning to my lover- future hubby of 2 1/2 years?
Waiting for the bus downtown and it is so sketchy. It's like a lame version of Chicago and New York.
#DU_Hockey has two OT wins in a row. Two more wins for WHCA trophy. NCAA tournament coming up. They have a sweet sixteen for hockey, too.
I really am trying to keep my love going for you guys, but I'm now on hr 3 of trying to get my reissued eCredit applied to a ticket.
Heading to the Joe Torre Safe at Home Foundation Gala.
Awake due to dream being mental.
It worked! (Don't tweet this, though. Go back, go back!)
so many ways to spend money right now.
releasing via their public website is not a leak. a leak would be secretly releasing to a single source other than O'Mara.
she changed her name again lol
Something to do when I get home: look at which CC licenses our IR depositors are choosing, guide them to CC-BY as full
Excited to attend my first #slasummit next week as Chair-Elect for Gov Info Division...now let's hope it doesn't snow!
James Micheal-Johnson can play day one. Kid will be great special teamer and solid inside backer immediately. Love these day three picks.
lmao girl that was Me yesterday before I knew I was going!
you'll be checking daily...we'll be #twinning soon lol
Ok it's fine. I get it.
Tutu still not at home. I pray that she not dead.
"I love thee to the depth and breath and heights my soul can reach"
You got me up just to open the front door?
And when you're lonely, I'll be lonely too.
Supposed to be studying, but on twitter.
Tuesday's Lucy: Lucy was born a brunette.
Kid Ink
Who has been more accomplished in Office?
I enjoyed your pitch last night, we will need your help soon.
She's a fuckin star, yall don't get it do ya? Type of body everybody acting like they knew her
Men succeed when they realize that their failures are the preparation for their victories.
for heaven sake,u know best who practises double standard!
later today I might freebase some pancetta
they still tour. I saw on Ticketmaster a few weeks back they were performing "my own prison" in a shitty Manhattan bar
That last RT was perfect lol
I absolutely LOVE when people tell me I'm tan!! Darling, you ain't seen nothing yet #summer2012 #bronzebetch :)
Dear , this is an invitation to join me for lunch AT chipotle tomorrow so we can discuss your behavior and appropriate discipline.
Hooker hated nickname "Fighting Joe Hooker" thought sounded "hot headed". GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Thanks for the FF, Henry! :)
smh im mad,at,u
It's always 5 o'clock somewhere.
Had an AMAZING weekend participating in #ideajam with gang! Thanks to 4 a fantastic experience!
I love #GiordanosPizza because of the delicious crust! cc:
Watching "Miracle Run" LOVE this movie.
Fireworks @ Fort is walking distance from Comfort Inn. Hot breakfast, pool, 32" flat screen TV, pillow top beds. www.vancouverwahotel.com
The first time I heard PJ, I thought it was The Cult.
If this is a short term wish, you can borrow mine. Though single speed (choice of fixed gear or not). Only a little dangerous
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORKS LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHLMED
u got a fan and a follower here!
We had a blast. I did new songs and my label mates blew it out of the water. We had a happy crowd.
It's a game. I got 66 (with 240 APM)...
Movie Review: Battleship's Got Game on the Big Screen Review in a Hurry: With a roster of hotties—Taylor Kitsch, Alexander Skarsgård,
Can't find a apt:(
and well, someone is having their first time tonight. :D I'm do bad...
i love your single 11:11 it is just so amazing i can't stop listening to it! i love you :) i wish you would answer back
Lazy lobster cobbler.
you should call it La Pasta e Formaggio
What do the jobs numbers mean to recall campaign? Not much, says UW-Mil political scientist Thomas Holbrook. Says, not many minds changing.
I don't watch a lot of European soccer so I wouldn't know. Good thoughts though.
We just need summer......
Were the girls from Leroy NY with Tourettes ever Tested for Lymes Disease? There is an epidemic and its been found to be affiliated
been a while since i said so, but if you need some wood stripping services, Timby's is the place. www.dipstrip.com
Medical correspondent Fergus Walsh hears why Debbie Lewis chose implants
I be there at 7 I have a game at 8
Woman run this world
Just finished the final level of Space. Now what?
i just watched a video on how olive oil is bottled...it was a HEADLINE on the fresno abc station's site. HEADLINE.
We are SO excited! Xoxo
No, no, no! Completely fine just hilarious!
fantasy (?) is an online tool that would keyword/phrase search and auto-assign tags to responses as first pass
Being stuck in the past is like walking forward with your back facing the front. You’ll always miss out on what’s in front of you.
"Through conversations you build relationships. #socialmedia is a tool to for this"
Frank Vogel takin the Pacers from an under 500. 8 seed last year to 20+ games over 500. And 5th best record more impressive
So app. i seem like a person who would listen to classical music...am i really that nerdy seeming?
Even though I watched it live last night, I still got goosebumps listening to Uecker. Thanks for passing it along.
I have a headache.
We will have to make this. We really miss Asian food w/ pnut, sesame, soy allergies. And little 1 loves asparagus! Thanks!
Sure, all residents are always welcome. One City.
You should definitely go see The Lion King 3D. Mufasa is 100 times more boss in 3D.
Waiting for & to walk out with their hoods & diplomas :)
well thank ya:)
But surely it would cost less than $50k right?
Happy 70th birthday to Swedish musicologist Krister Malm, you know how to throw a party! Thank you.
Great ride..thanx for such a BIG tip..sry for credit card machine!
caramelized mushrooms would sing! Veg. Burger paired w/ a slightly sweet yet earthen/smoked black lager, aka ShwartzBier.
me too
You hit on anything that moves. Real keeper.
So many gaps in the Nuyorican story!Nothing on 'bodegueros' the first urban mercados1940s onwards @ Centro archives. But Not giving up.
That is really pretty! What kind of dancing do you do? :)
Thanks! Hope you like it so far. RT I cannot wait to see what the has in store for us!
I know im late,ass hell but better late then .ever sista vegas here we cum lol!
A big congrats to on her TV debut. You were wonderful! I'm so proud!
Wow...my hair is super short now and I love it
Hey! You're truly fucking legit, you don't beat around the bush, you tell it straight, oh and I fucking love you <3 kisses
We've got a problem!
Splitting headache omg
I cant think of anything clever to say... this is a
what is Hut doing these days?
watched Arkansas play 5-6 times. Watched the Senior Bowl practices on TV, but have yet to see the game. Have it on DVR.
Hehe night boo! Have a nice day at school tomorrow <3
CGT Grad Students! Any CGT Grad can attend Grad Senate on Dec. 5 (have class & cannot make it) Anyone help? FREE pizza @ the meeting!
Rich, Rob, Leslie et al... thanks so much. Have a terrific weekend guys :)
Plaque or food particles on the teeth are the primary sources of bad breath, which is also known as "halitosis'.
#liespeopletell Racism is gone.
Heading to Tokyo & Seoul, tomorrow. Any recommendations on must dos from the Twitter-verse? Looking at u for ideas
Did I mention YARN BOMBING yet? Our own Sue Browne is gettin it goin outside the RAA on ArtWalk wkend. Have yarn and know how to use it?
Lazy lazy lazy.
yea i know so happy still BFF
That nyquil really knocked me out and made it super hard for me to wake up this morning! I hope i get better soon..
pulling up next to you on the road was the highlight of my day! 💗 you sista!
writing a new song today...my pen is itch'n to do wrk...#go'nin
im kinda scared of the boys :(
Zacatecas on Central
We don't have to take our clothes off to have a good time.
Analyzing Modern Family in class. My major is better than yours.
definitely!! I will come up and get you one of these days and we'll hang out...promise!
My pleasure :)
Alright, so I am going to drive up on Friday the 19th and we can see the show on Saturday!! For real this time, haha!
Fantastic panel this morning on race & justice. My tweets from at
Sorry for our Website problems down all day yesterday and will probably be down this morning- trying to resolve it quickly
Killing is my business, ladies..... and business is GOOD!
jordan fell asleep (:
Documenting 4pm Member Play That Just Started: Broncos UNDER 47 (3/5 Sources Match)
I KNEW there were Tiger fans in Oregon!
Yikes! RT: : Eek McDonalds!? I'd hit it camapign? Research before u go live w/ an ad campaign-know ur hip limits!
Many, many congratulations, Chuck!
ah no worries, I definitely forgot how early coffee zone closed anyway & by that time it was too late haha
I already have that one, I like it too. Thanks though :)
Happy New Year!
thanks for the RT. Have a fabulous weekend! ^ag
But anyway I think you're bionic and I don't think you're beautiful, I think you're beyond it
good point...u guys headed to game?
We couldn't wait, popped one of the 2009 Cabernets just received this week. Absolutely outstanding
use olive oil.
Yes absolutely!
Thank you for such a great, interactive class this semester, Robert! Keep doing what you're doing, and let's keep in touch. :)
follow me! lol just to bother
:) btw sorry I didn't text you back, as usual my phone died and when I turned it on I had like 18 texts haha
One mast weekend of freedom. :(
Great! We look forward to seeing you there :)
Bill Hall is still around? RT Bill Hall home run
i am SURE it will be back for 13. hopeful that since it's entirely owned by NBC, it'll get 1.5 more seasons for syndication.
there are #5millionbeliebers and we RULE!
JVD and The Backporch Smokers now performing live at Church...ROCK ON!
Thank you for the RT
#ThankYouFather because you are the author of my life! I am all yours, now and
you're on the list
better make it two.
amanda epiclloyd follow me like 10min. Ago
I just earned the Sushi Sensei badge on #Yelp!
I love that!
If you cannot attend the #ESD #Engineering & #Tech #Job Fair,today, email me your resume at so we can chat.
Happy Wednesday everyone! Half way through the week! Have the best lunch of your week and come enjoy
Trance around the world with Above & Beyond.
Thanks for the mention!
today has been such a blah day i need another job!
Watchin #Juice in #hd, its like the first time again
I hope you are being nice to your new executive !
With just one look you stole my heart
this corbin, co own here..she said she hit tweet limit !! soo i got u 3 ryt? she said :)
NON è L'INFERNO
going to Vegas!!!
trying to figure out twitter...
so... my sister didn't bring me sonic.
only if we win Bedlam. Otherwise
#np - picture perfect
yes that's me
The two-foot long bird called a Kea that lives in New Zealand likes to eat the strips of rubber around car windows
Is this fight EVER going to happen?
Glad you were able to make it, Mike!! Hope to catch up to you soon!!
Candied Bacon: Like Dog Treats For Humans!
Pho for dinner...so damn good now time for #jerseyshore :)
Werewolf or vampire or ghost?
Nxt year for 4/20 my blunts gone be bigger longer n stronger who wit me
Sox getting crushed
#jonnytee "Friday Night" Video Shoot @ Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach. is about to BLOW-DA-FUCK-UP!!
In a horrible mood! It's probably because I'm going to one of the famous Playboy lingerie parties tonight ;)
then you have a twin.., like identical!
Five star chick, bout that five star life.
It's a problem when someone parks in FRONT of the exit gate.
sorry for the delayed reply, was busy thinking of answers...#perfect #50/50
hi lacey! How long have you been working w trinity?
thank *you*! #Sobipro is a great component and we're building a directory around it right now. You do a wonderful job!
hahahahah the real compliment would be being called "Senator Amidala" cause like seriously? That shits legit
show me pict
I want one but I don't think my mom will buy 1
Hittin' the road to Vegas with Hess and Marten. The trio's back togetha... Aw yeah.
Following You Love Please Follow Me Back
If your booty is hanging out your shorts or dress at bible study
serious? WE HAVE A WINNER!!!!!!
I have an Asian buddy who has a few tarantulas. That's not an ideal combination; Koreans and spiders.
no kidding. Listening to "experts" talked me outta vcu cause caa was suppose to be down.
The Recital T-Shirt due date has been extended to FRIDAY 5/4! Show your K Studio spirit in a recital tee! Turn in orders to the front desk!
Im hongry... yea wit an O
« When your phone is about to die, and you know you wont bea near your charger for a while.»
Love evolution, love my major, love rice!!!! Science life.
Omg damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it
like me.
I miss my baby
Great move. Give up our best prospect, for this? We could have kept Montero, or traded him for an established pitcher
You're making up words again, huh, "mom?" HA! =D
good to see you man. Let me know whats going on in the city!!!
Heck yes! Seriously you better bring your A-Game because I'm tired of losing and I would hate to have to find a new Eukre partner!
This girl is talking to me like I care.. Lol too nice
I'm not good at letting go of things. </3
loved his day of family skiing at Squaw Valley - back again tomorrow!
check these guys out...they're so hot right now
we gotta learn to stop being reactionary & by same standards avoid those that steer us that way.
#resume #tips Where is the best place to put your Education? Near the top if you are a recent grad. On bottom if edu years ago.
wait no.. she might leave
Research: overall interested in research a) to improve practice + b) research that will give policymakers the materials they need.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most
phone itself. Turns off randomly, screen glitches out, won't restart. Worst!
