Such a beautiful day in New York City! Perfect for a nice cold alcoholic beverage. Any takers?
how many times did the M's score 15 runs in 2 games last year- once, twice?
i watch it everytime
Have a gig this weekend too! SO excited!! HOW are you???? Who needs us to vote for them...I'm confused!
Pretty steady lunch. Hopefully no traffic so I can hit the gym. Pretty excited
Look in your mirror! You've got it all...well maybe just a few sun spots. Is that a wrinkle on your brow? Skintastic.com 972-620-3223
my quiet response conveys my awe
i wasnt a moon rock on my wedding ring 
DANGEROUS. I WANT YOU TO SEND SWAT TEAMS IN WHERE THERE WILL BE NO LOSS ON OUR SIDE. THEY ARE WELL ARMED, STING. FIND ALL OF THEIR HIDING
“: Each day is a page write?”- feeling like I'm on the 3rd page of the 1st chapter of a 200 chapter novel...ugh haha
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou ,School, My dad ,& My little bro.
Awesome. Joined a tiny startup. My counterpart and I have the same initials. wtf? :-)
. Go grrrl! And remember, I will help carry you through any doubts that arise - St. Bootstrapper
he has to have the same humor as me and like atleast 70% of the music I do!! Lol
Love THE FRENCH CONNECTION! Not so sure about FAST FIVE, though... Then again, is awesome, so...
Im sending Tashauna pages of text tryna describe someone lmaao.
"Every book is a new journey. I never felt I was an expert on a subject as I embarked on a project. "-David McCullough
Alligators, key lime pie, glass bottom boats, sunsets, stone crabs - these are all on my mind right now. Thank the lord it's warm in DC too.
Your welcome.
Finally found good bubble tea in Indy!!!
hahahha YOLO is a good enough reason! have fun in florida lovey!
After this chick zoomed by me on a longboard I'm considering learning to ride one. It takes like 15 min to walk to class
Sorry cuz, probably won't be there friday night. JQ is still contagious. : (
Awesome, Renee! I'm looking forward to it! :)
Once again sorry I missed ur call.i tried2call u back but you were offline. I promise 2 marrow:00 get online&ill call u😖
hope we do cross on the road. I'll be watching your schedule. Usually travel with #gayla graves band.
how do i make that stuff quit
That is incredibly creepy-cute!
anyway good afternoon guys
link for live blog?
Food truck gathering. 900 Wolfe st
Remember the reason for the season.
Visit the new Farmer's Market at Penn Station (Lanvale St) every Friday afternoon this summer!
Congratulations to SVA's Steve Heller (and others) who was honored by the White House at the 2011 National Design Awards:...
Check out the new T2 video clip at www.radiantrecords.com
Good Morning! A sculptor is a person who is interested in the shape of things, a poet in words, a musician by sounds. -Henry Moore
Oh. my. goodness. just tweeted me. My day has been made. =)
"Hit me with music..."
Electricity...God's curse on ugly peoplr
Watching the Season Finale of "Breaking Bad" on AMC. It's a guilty, but oh so good pleasure! Great Show!!!
DailyHookahTip#55: Smokers cough? Try steam stones instead of traditional shisha. It's the electronic cigarette of hookahs.
Study & Homework all day!!! THATS WHAT I DO... IF ya wondering!
Live show Thursday 7P @ espresso yourself cafe in Powell, Ohio. This amazing place is closing in September, so if you haven been yet...
what r the family names..mine r Sullivan, Clifford and Ahern
#RT “ I love a horny man”
I feel like all I do nowadays is work out and do homework
off to see Gods of Carnage with the visiting parents.
sick again :/
What kind of M&Ms?
Will be shooting a Commercial today!
Got to see Blue Like Jazz (film) couple weeks back .. truly enjoyed .. what will SXSW moviegoers think?? [ ]
Hi Joel -- trying to email you with an intro+Argo question. Could you kindly DM me your email address?
Feeling young again....counting M&M's in math class
Your skills are evident.
So does the library at the University of Memphis.
RT : RT : " When all the trees are gone, animals hunted, waters polluted, &air unsafe, only then will you see mo ...
Happy Easter ! May your ship come in on a well balanced golden egg...
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Thanks Steve! Next week's gonna be weird. Possibly in a few? Let's stay in touch!
Damn, Bryce Harper is a freaking stud. Kids only 19 doing big things in the show. He's got all 5 tools. Still not as good as tho
You might be a redneck if you actually know what kind of leaves make the best substitute for toilet paper
I sent him an email... Let's meet up...
excellent - conversation is more fun at top speed!
We would accomplish so much more if science didn't have to waste time proving you wrong about Loch Ness, crystal skulls, Bigfoot, and God.
well I'm at the house nigga
Track of the day : Oh I swear to you, I'll be here for you ...,,everything is groovy: drive by- train
When you are dealing with small issues and small minded people, you will never have BIG breakthroughs in life!
Ugh always some dumb new band every summer with the stupidest songs!!! Bo radio!!!
Or...quicker than driving through san francisco.
Barnes, Kobe(of course), Sessions, Murphy, Gasol, Bynum, Ebanks as of the KEY PLAYERS THAT MATTER TO ME.....
Let's get serious now.....are you down with OPP?
On my way to sonic😊
Thanks! RT #ff Some great live music supporters
No, but I'll work on him about it. He's on the forum now, though!
YES! Have the #jmu612 meetup at UMN! I endorse this message. :)
I can't believe this. Sarah this is Fake fucking life and now your turning my friend against me. You now what i don't need fl. Deleting.
Just emailed off book revisions. w00t!
Just realized how funny the word arnabeet is haha.
comedic geniuses no doubt.
really? Lol with who? Thts when mine is.
Watching lost tapes! Cant sleep theres alot of thunder i hate it! I wish he was here ):
I new it cuz on my grandaddy grave
Why do people have to be so difficult? ~ImAllOne~
omg thank you (:
ah phew ! So far all ive been hearing is negative comments about the seats there haha
THURSDAY IS SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS DAY for 5.99
#tweeted in rehearsal with
that's my plan lol
Omg there's this one customer that comes to our store an for some reason he reminds me of flash thompson. Americas favorite douche. Lol
Let them look at you weird! I think #genealogy is making a comeback, and you're ahead of the curve.
#ff Memorial Day Weekend
Facebook buying Instagram<<<
How funny! And I came up in conversation?
Another day at the office, another dollar in the pocket.
say bro
oh you will definitely know some people there. I will be terribly sad not to go: it's pretty great.
Coming to America
IF U ARE A DUDE THATS NOT IN HIS CHILD LIFE ITS NEVER TO LATE TO START.....
have to trick them then
Please welcome NeneeLanay22 to the Max life
"Leaders for equity must confront, disable, and dismantle, but they must also energize, inspire, and empower." -L. Chatmon
Right now... The hardest thing to do is be vocalist and be on vocal rest!!!
As fmr NC resident/voter, it was especially sad to hear NC news. Our work is not done. The freedom to marry will prevail.
Awesome! I know you are gonna love it! Thanks!
New song!
Looking for #Autism Services at Easter Seals Crossroads. Meeting your needs with help, hope and answers. For more information, visiti our...
All my reading group who've liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a movie
RT if you get #awesome :)
maybe the #titans can sign him to take the place on the bench that will be vacated by
Someone text me 😁📲
Aw really what?
How many of you in SF would meet me at a Live Show in SF at Level I ? Let me know
LOL! this Bryan used to shoot you alls bts interviews. Hope you are well.
This international law firm is one of the top twenty law firms in the world.
where are you going?
Yeah and nobody got to see it.
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Grapple HQ - we hope everyone has a wonderful holiday!
when was that??(:
Just got home
Nobu followed by Peter Luger. You'd better believe it. Tomorrow: haute cuisine Mac'N'Cheese.
Thanks for the #FF love!
yeah you gotta open tomorrow .
This weekend has been __________________.
yeah alright jack i dobnt know we were rebuilding this is the Yankee did you forget
We have a big surprise for you guys on February 1st - something to reward everyday heroes! Who wants to guess?
Did u ever notice that most pics of Adam & Eve show them with belly buttons?? Haha
Closing that store was a grave error.
Watch the thrown
Spread the word~ im following EVERYONE that tweets me #FollowMeRomo :)
Great new artists coming your way, keep reading guys
Can't wait to pick you up soon! We are all dying to see you. May I say fun fun fun???????
Dough Fir is the most thematically appropriate place for a band named Spirit Lake to play. Also, you guys look like badasses.
maybe Tressel hired as ethics professor?
I will never say never i will fight till forever <3 whenever you knock me down; i will not stay on the ground ; pick it up ; pick it up <3
Dayum Shannon Sharpe is killing it tonight....
To bad you're not around the block from me :(
What rich people say to poor people every day
#ifonlyicould meet Justin Bieber, my life would be complete
thanks! I've gotten bad headaches (sometimes migraines) since HS, usually power thru them. Not today! :)
... and, complain about your mothers whom you just adore anyway! ;-)
#SMWSportsBiz get glue
Chi! I'm live on ! Oh & not exactly sure why NASA did this, but it's one way to announce the New Angry Birds...
Getting ready to head out for Washington. Many details to prepare...we are very excited.
Thanks for the mention, we're thrilled to have Shauna here.
bout to rock the stage with Lupe Fiasco in Finland
thanks for following!!
That's so ignorant
piano or singing? i cant really decide atm... -.- hope i pass the auditionss =/
Words with friends is kind of evil.
Whats your favorite album of the year? Lets hear it!
Moving weight
LISTEN TO JACKIE LIVE ON 95.3FM TOMORROW MORNING AT 8:10AM!!
Bush Jr. is president!
MLB season is underway, very excited. Time to look at the schedules and get out to the ballpark! Which MLB stadium is your fav?
Yeah!! They've kept me updated throughout the process & from what I've seen - It's great :) Printed on Bella Jersey Tee.
Nice! My birthday is in September, in case you want to celebrate by proxy next year. Yum.
I could of told you that!
If you signed up for our webinar today on attendance and early education, don't forget to sign in early. There's an overflow crowd.
sorry, we're not doing anything with that screening.
milk& cereal. ceral& milk
Finished race. Somewhere around 2:08-2:10 why do I nearly go blind when I finish a 1/2? Sore. Need ice
Could today bee the day for Usher tix!??
Vocal? At the point now I only scream "#FRINGE !" 24 hours a day. Really, were it not for Twitter I could not communicate coherently.
“If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."
im from cali but i live in las vegas
Take the train to avoid the traffic jams they say...haven't moved in over 20 mins. Not gonna make the opener this way
Beautiful day in #Portland! Looks like summer has finally arrived!
bad foul by Jennings since the shot was hard to make anyways
Yes I did...they turned a victory into a loss
I didnt skateboard in a minute fucking rusty
Conference # 4 out of 5 at AFM - Production / Brand Integration. Should be interesting - maybe.
I like Jim jones right or wrong he real and u gotta respect that
And risk getting suspended?
Nytimes youth issue, looking at outliers doesn't tell u anything...
i hate how frank does 'dun dun dun' after "wont leave me alone" in brownstone chorus...takes the edge off the song
Feeling some kinda way right now..:/
I guess this is all a learning process
Finally back in SA!! Ahh I missed it (:
Girls night with and ! 💜
ILL sounds super cool! are there chapters elsewhere? or is it strictly a PDX thing?
“: Going to attempt to paint my own nails tonight. See you in six hours. #vv #mc”
Please SHARE our link with your friends asking them to LIKE US! :) Once we get to 500 fans we are giving away a FREE PHOTOSHOOT!!! :)
#wtia Seattle startup panel: #andysack feels startup scene lacks New York pizza, or, just quit trying to be any other city.
When people sing out loud and they sound like shit but they think they are killin it!
my kids' baseball practice times
well i happen to love your tweets and how you show instead of tell. unlike someone
if PCIe vendors push a standard they can gain traction in the industry
Grown ass musicians don't need exposure. They need fair paying gigs.
of course I would love to help send me over the info.
worst feeling when the person you love is in love with somebody else
When I hear Waka Flocka "Karma" I just be wanting to fuck shit up lmao
The show tonight on U Street has been cancelled. We'll be back with new songs in June!
in November for a month. very complicated country, to say the least.
arepas in our personal kitchen but the flour is from acrethe street!
I say it's challenging. I realized too late that the scores were just from 2011. I was in the wrong mindset. Ha.
"You fell of the face of the earth" Nah I just decided to stop being apart of your lame life. Lol
haha no. I feel icky. Better than earlier tho.
I can tell it's going to be a busy week when I'm stressed out in my dreams.Running on coffee and a prayer.
has his own laptop now. Please accept my apologies in advance. (This message is approved by and )
thanks for the RT. Really enjoying your work. Regards from tornado country in US.
to sit still. Some of my frustration comes with him leaving his seat all the time while doing homework.
Book of Luke on audio :-)
The outdoors can be a clinical antidote for so many ills incl. obesity, depression.
Tweet us your best fish photo-we promise to RT you!
all of his songs have a great depth about them. I know its really random but I have listened to not alone the last 2 nights.
you heard it? Haha thanks man.
girl I know I get jealous easily.
Cranking away on my paper for submission to #ISIC2012...crossing my fingers this gets accepted (and done in time!)
Finally finished doing homework...
Sat and Sun my friend.
Who is the new republican candidate going to be?
shit I can't either. Ready for that shit.
Um, why is the whole Glee club singing backup to "It's Not Right?" Also, that's kind of a dick move, Blaine
Lol. Heavy leg workout yesterday. Then to top it off I folded myself into a regional jet and flew 1500 miles
I don't trust any planet closer to the sun than the earth. Mercury & Venus seem like traitors.
the sexiest way to die!
No discussion is too broad for Twitter. It is an exercise in brevity.
please wish me luck on my french exam.....the only french words i know are je t'aime....i'm screwed
Matt Gamel = ball player
I'm tired of being single.
:) We never finished that conversation either!
A huge shout out to Frank & Ken on their incredible work with ITV Fest! Congrats!
oh doggy
There should be #18MillionBeliebers on his 18th birthday<3
RT : yes plz! RT : Trader Joe's to Austin? Grocery analyst says six are possible in Whole Foods backyard:...
Some thirty something years later and I still can't believe Adrian gave it up on the first night.
you look good with dark hair! :))
had a great rehearsal with composer Tim Daoust!
Listening to performances of , , and Kevin Puts composition students including Sweet!
One more quick trip to Nashville...we are getting closer to having the album done!
i say omFG shut up ur so old harry wouldn't even go on a date witchu.
Good morning ;)
We didn't start the fire, it was always burning since the world's been turnin'
I do enjoy Photograph & Hit me with Your Best Shot, but I only remember 1 80s relationship that inspired #that reaction lol
follow back? :D
I'm drinking a horrible Sancerre that would give you fangs. Just in time for the full moon and to chase the buffalo trace
College Bounds students visiting ad agency as part of the Zenith Gives Back program. Great intro to a career in media
"surprised Eddie? I wouldn't be more surprised if I woke up tomorrow morning with my head sewn to the carpet than I am right now."
Whats up with duckin and dodging the Hammerhead in Louisville KY??
it was a top secret mission im sorry guys
Preciate that bro
I owe you one Russian hooker
Is it greek yogurt? Less sugar, lots of protein!
If you were going to be stuck on a deserted island which 5 books movies people and foods would you take along?
First thing I hear when leaving work? Seagulls chirping. That beach is calling my name.
ah man, i had to do that shit too yo, it sucked
Greeting to you!
Everyone plz follow
Lolxz.....and why up so early
hey ashley! We must think color theory. Red is complimentary to green. Do not wear red shadow though!:) try red based colors
exactly a bird in the hand is two in the fist. Not sure that applies but fuck it
Printing Photos, Designing Flyers, Editing!! Another busy week!!
Keep the joy of loving God in your heart and share this joy with all you meet especially your family.
Not too bad, hope you have a good week!
Would You Like To Come To Colorado If You Traveled???
Hollywood is only 6hr(s) and 7min(s) away!!!
Even that ridiculous final can't ruin mood cuz I'm done!!
Five. More. Days. Of. School. 😊
do they fall in love? No they just like like eachother.
Believe it or not we both want the samething but only one sex is brave enough to admit it.
Crave and hunger for #God. Daily Bread and Living Water.
Jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs!!! 1000's of vacant homes across America equal millions of jobs. I am doing it now. I am not using taxpayer $$$$$$$
#FACT evry yr people are playing #COD b4 its released ..I know u've seen high levels on the day of release
1: check your email. 2: start driving.
Hi! I work in the software space in the Bay Area and have a 9 yr old daughter who goes by "Juju". Any way to buy a Juju t-shirt?
There was never a kick pedal for a coffee maker
prepare for Twitter spam--I rant a LOT!!
its all me check out the pic i have n face shot to
I wish emily, going on vacation this coming Thursday and Friday, but if I have to, maybe tomorrow.
so best boyfriend in the world turned out to be the worst...when can get a friken break..i mean seriously this isnt fair...
I just got two pats on the back, one by self another by ... Way to go me
Online travel agents losing out to airline websites: Nikhil Ganju ...
God Forbid!!
I've just got my tickets for splendor in nottingham.... razorlight & dizzee rascal innit
Dallas news reports local families needing assistance getting food up are up 36% this year over last. Donations and volunteers needed.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!🎵
You'd look nice in a grave.
TONIGHT -- w/, & more at ! 6p. There are a few tickets left available at the box office!
It's real hard to tie me me down.
Just finished an 1000 piece puzzle. What a way to spend my Friday night.
A toast to the underdog, toast the team
Your heart> diamond ring
my mind is going 10000 miles an hour and i only wish i was one place right now.
“: And wtf jets. Bringing in Tebow now? 😂” that made no sense to me...none at all...
Waiting out the rain with an extra glass of wine. Staying dry versus a bit slower tomorrow morning.
I feel bad for you tbh. :(
awe that's good!!
I'm trying to wrap my mind around a coworker's amazement at how a typewriter works. She had never seen one before this week! (DON'T say it!)
Got that HEAT!
Great start to the 2012 playoffs by the Bulls. Rose looks very good.
You have to have worked at Powells, have published things online for the Paris Review, and made at least $350 this month.
awesome, so are u back? Y'all have a blast?
I voted. Good luck!
“: Ok I'm gonna study now. *5 hours later* Ok I'm gonna study now.” this is you 😜
Lol. I'm more of a new Yankee Stadium kinda guy. Can't beat plush seat backs and beer delivery service!
Always bet on black!
missin' basketball...need to get something done so I can watch my boy #drose tear it up again!
your never around him lol. He talks around sav and all of us haha
"There must be more to life than having everything." ~Maurice Sendak ~RIP You will be missed~
Uh huh
#Suicidal Thoughts today...I just may need to kill myself with a cheeseburger
Bad ass!
wait, did you mean THIS Monday?
Don't miss trivia this week on Wednesday @ 6:30 pm at the Blue Cue . This weeks bonus word is: "airplane". See you then!
God is amazing <3
thank you! I shall sleep well, unless my butt or tail starts itching again...goodnight & sweet dreams to you too! <3
Serenading is my specialty haha
some people dont have food to eat. and you are VOMITING UP FOOD THAT THEY COULD BE EATING. that is so ungrateful.
Is there a refresher course for parenting? I'm getting an F right now.
Thanks for the mention! Were you able to get over there last night? See you soon we hope!
Now we want to hear which female celebrity you think is the best groomed? Why?
Thanks Janet!
my bad Im late...tell that nigga he need call me and get his follow up single lls
STUDIO FLOW With And Shit About to Krazy!!!
#thankyoushootusdown I LOVE YOU GUYS <3333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Snow Leopard is still available in the dev center
Yea that's it! Croquet!
Have a great weekend!
Sunday's at Redstar are great fundays!!! We can make help make yours fun too!
Hate no one; hate their vices, not themselves.
#Gootiethon week Day 3, already put that work in. 3 down 4 to go. #GootieGang Yes the #GootieGang is LOTUS insider. Feel abandoned.
so true. Each time he writes about mobile, I feel myself cringing more often than nodding in agreement.
. I love Ikea & have a number of frames from there, but this is one of the few times I want to get it properly done.
RT: boom bap effect tonight in shadow. calling all emcees! www.shadowlounge.net
I gotta friend who is staying with me,i am trying to help him,but he's not helping with anything at ALL!!! like this is a commune or somthin
spent too much money today
Anyone out there with fashion industry connections in LA/NYC willing to lend advice to a new designer with a rad line? Hit up !!
Talk about a great Saturday, playing some Sega Genesis and doing a rookie draft! Awesome!
pretty good man can't complain, got some flights for the company event tomorrow so just relaxing till then!!
Photos from last weekend go up today! And we have some fun new announcements!
Love the fact that the tango and the romance that inspires it is becoming popular again. Amazing show at Carlos Gardel's in Buenos Aires!
Today I was so tired that I tried to enter my employ ID# into the microwave to heat my coffee . Better skip closing night party
#iagree RT : It's a little gross that it's feb 1 and it's this warm outside
Awesome! Let's make it happen--how's your Saturday daytime look?
I can't wait till next week till we finally meet again lol It's been way too long!
Back from #vra_arlis2011 - great sessions and what may be the best food I've ever had at a conference. Prosciutto + fig jam = yum!
Ok, thanks! So excited for it!!
hasn't for me
must read THE HOUSE IN THE NIGHT and the printz winner JELLICOE ROAD. from what i read, i think i might like everything by Melina Marchetta
A weirdly fun day, everyone is so friendly!
Thanks David. We'd love to hear any further thoughts you may have about GiddyUp.
Happy St Patricks Day!
Last 10 years: Seed of MVC tournament champs: #2 seed won it 5 times, #1 seed won it 3 times, #3 seed twice #archmadness,
At the National Cathedral for Wesley Theological Seminaries graduation. Will Willimon is giving the commencement.
she tryna convince me that Chris bosh is homo
Magic of home renovation: I scribble a large number and signature on a 6x2" sheet of paper, and in 30 days a new kitchen appears.
Unlike you,I'm working hard to get a good career
Shawn Marion has the same shot I used to have in 4th grade...
Today was alright
Go White Sox!!! Looking forward to hitting up a few games this week.
Tough loss for the Heat, if we meet the bulls in the playoffs we'll do the same thing we did to them last year.
I am very excited for my fantasy baseball leagues to get going and not so hopeful for my real baseball team to play this season.
Great Progress on the #bizzydiet. Got a question. It says 30 minutes weights and 30 cardio but its more like 40 cardio&15weights
this whole exchange is solid gold comedy. Kate started it but I gotta say... The whole thing is just hilarious.
Call the fuckin ambulance . I can't fuckin breathe . My heart is beatin to fast . Open the fuckin window . Lmao Tyler too funy
I love the picture of the Ghostbusters icon giving the finger!
he should we should spam the picture to him saying that should be the cover
And I didnt see a single sign that said "Penis Landing." I'm disappointed in you, Philly.
I feel like selah is aged by a year whenever I see her too, I don't see that baby enough
yikes! what woke you up?
Feeling like crap, hope sleeping early works! Gnite world.
How's the weather in PR?
New networking coming, hybrids, where everyone can be connected, teachers need access to info in schools.
Obsessed with the game & app Draw Something.. So fun!!
Thanks for hosting--we appreciate the format and interesting perspectives!
Some people are so fucked up. I don't understand people.
If we stand any chance of claiming our championship in the game of life.
Watching major payne lol :D
Add my new skype I forgot my password to my other one. (dae_amore) Or ()
Thanks for following !
I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity. -Julius Erving
Two weeks left to catch Libros Schmibros at the Hammer! We're there Wednesday-Saturday, 11-7PM, through Saturday, November 5th.
Thought of u: "Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in."
So proud! Have fun! RT : First #SportingKC game with and
"iseenittoo" we make a lovely vinaigrette
I won that award in 1990-something. Now I'm a prof at Baruch, CUNY. Award hangs in office! (PhD English, 2001)
Just bc im soft spoken doesnt mean i dont have leadership skills or authority
Just left the children's place and copped some gear for my little angles.
Was that loud thunder I just heard in #NYC?
you killed it! Very funny!!
Who Died and Made You Mike Aviles?
CONGRATULATIONS ON 1,000 FACEBOOK LIKES!!! :)
I HOPE we see the executive order before, but we may have no choice : A rumble you say?
Yes Katy Perrys song Part of me
Great celebration this morning as father & son baptized together! Don't live life with "I'd rather not!"
I owe all my last tweets to sorry...but I mean if you still wanna hit me up that's cool too...😉 hahaha
This homeless guy who asked me for change has better running shoes than me.
“: What are you up too?” let me rephrase that "doing some photo shoots"
The foundation of intellectual as well as moral character is laid in the nursery. (1855)
moving tomorrow. followed this advice tonight. didn't receive a temporary RPP. please ensure I don't get a ticket 2morrow night.
i already did
On the wake up!!!! Get up early to enjoy your Friday!
I recommend JR Maintenance for your trashout services in OC an LA. Real estate REO
loving the cold the rain felt god
That's awesome. Your music has made my day more times than I can count.
have a good day tanner <333
Man, this song brings back memories...
The school seriously needs to fix their slow ass computers.
fuck u RT : everyone's taking ap exams tomorrow but i'll be chillin' watching lifetime movies on alcoholics in health class!!!!!
Stupid late on the twitter reply
Anyone know where I can find Bruce Dennan's epic Valbuena rant from a few years ago? It's off of YouTube
Okay, I gotta admit...the #education part of this second to last #Oprah episode is
Thank everyone for the #ff's and the twitter love over the last couple of weeks. It's been super crazy but i see you and am grateful!
Every time I see "C. Friedrich" I'm going to mistakenly think his first name is Cole, I can already tell.
I'm guessing the #Brewers won't care if it was a pretty win against the Cardinals. Just that it was a win.
Most quotable on Twitter at #SSAC: #1 Brian Burke () #2 Jeff Van Gundy () and #3 Bill Simmons ()
most definitely! stay up with me and nikki (: I feel like everyone's gonna be exhausted from kwood and pass out early!
Talking about artificial intelligence in management.
Also, speaking of #iOS5, for me Yahoo stands for failed innovation. Why does the iOS5 include a Yahoo widget?
Hope it was fun, while it lasted
Quick cameo, the shots where insane....
She want to be hold your there for her she wants to be treat special and told she's the only one she want to be your girl ..8
Hmm.... well that's a hard one (that's what she said)... probably in bed all day with Harry (:
and I always thought you had great taste in music! Give Mylo Xyloto another chance
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveled-up. I'm a Level 3 Stocky Dwarven Roister-Doister now!
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome. ~B. Washington
see below. Don't let me down. Xx
Working on several proposals. Looking like a big week!
early prediction... bama crushes whoever they face in the #bcs title game.. texas looks weak.
Movies with Daddy <3
RT : Thank you so much to everyone who watched #onceuponatime last night. So much more to come in the last 2 episodes!!
#LiesIveToldMyParents I forgot to bring my report card home but I got all A's and B's
Love you Cooper!
We'd love to!
Did he just say its the teachers lounge the sacred place...lol
Me either! Wow, time has really flown by!
Sorry, Ndamakong Suh, Aaron Rodgers belt doesn't have a "no class" notch.
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 61.
At the #rumpusroom with
On a 1 to 100 scale of fan pain, Memphis fans experiencing at least a 95 this series.
right! My family ran over there
can you tweet me please, I'm no one famous or important. just a girl who loves the hell out of you! wld make my year
RT: I am horrible at predicting stuff, but this one is safe: C-K will win the 2011 ALA competition. And finish 2nd. Both teams ar ...
I feel awesome knowing that i've been to a Miami Heat game before ! (;
If I Had a Gun a lot of people wouldn't be here right now but I won't want a gun so you guys are lucky
for shiz man! You should come out to ww! Its a good time bro
...chair. heavy head banging to the music on ipod shuffle.eating away at a bag of chips. 8am.
I'm committed for tonight already... :(
ok I have made time for #realhousewivesofatlantareunion its on!!!
I'm so selfish when it comes to me & mines.
you're now officially a California guuurl
I am super tired and I wish I had some more rest.
Another one of those days I wish the office had a patio. Or a retractable roof.
good point
no thats u... im really nice... u the only bighead in this...
#makeKonyfamous 2012 is the year people! Let's do this! <3
I got (I hope) lots of it today: went busing/walking in parts of Portland I don't always get to, while reading THE DARK HALF. Success!
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
Great news!!! So happy for you. How's that Foucault coming? :)
Adrian Gonzalez might be hitting over .400 with RISP but he is still 0-1 vs Chris Davis.
Every person I've met from is crazy awesome.
LAST DAY for the buy 1 salad or sandwich and get 2nd 50%off, DINE IN ONLY, say "1942" at the register to receive the discount, Enjoy!
aw, thanks abbie! Hope you're feeling better!
Look at the Magic. Howard is gone, but they are trying. think it has been a big difference KNOWING Rose is not coming back.
When I see the suffering in someone, I see how beautiful they are.
New twit con
Not a Happy Day for Romo & Dallas Fans. Is there anyone on the planet aging faster than Jerry Jones & Al Davis? Sure was a good game though!
OK, got it. ": It means that I'm on a mission to restore Popular music to its former glory before that dirty "J" word got to it."
It appeared that Lesnar got a little too real tonight.
dm me your #
I like the way uses twitter...it's not over the top spamming.
Apparently the criteria for living the 'American Dream' now includes being born rich and creating a line of hair extensions.
“: It feels so good knowing I'll be far away from florida soon.... #5months” so true.
#aboutme my house burned down 2 years ago
This is unbecoming of a democracy.
The term 'pizza' first appeared "in a Latin text from the southern Italian town of Gaeta in 997 AD..."
Somehow, I got tricked into opening my computer. Now I'm researching my face off... O_o
Modeling at Jib Jab! Pretty cool!
Time to hit the treadmill. I'll try two miles today.
Man i knew i should of stayed home! But Lamar brothers r gna help me i dnt even get my key till after 1
what a LONG day at work! Now turning off my phone and studying
My Mom is not happy that the Sixers lost by 1 point last night. Fortunately it's the first game of the series. Whew.
Its really storming! Parts of the office have water coming through!
So good to see my brah tonight, missed him!
Back from school got a lot of homework
I'm going to drive uphill more often. My gas tank just went from 1/4 to 1/2 full in no time. Take that 3.89 a gallon!
Notorious KIM
time is flying... Let me know your grad plans.
Where do you put letters to boys?In a mail (male) box.
Living it > talking about it
Anytime And next time, bring your lovely wife :)
thanks for the follow !
haha good one #sarcastic!!
Tired knees alert!
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results
Thanks! I am resting & even thought about getting outside for some fresh air and sunshine. A little tired to exercise tho. Thx!
Good afternoon Tweet and FB family...gotta go get the seeds..
Word on the street is that males wishing to score should outfit themselves in a black T-shirt. No one knows why, that's just how it is.
Up early gettin day started mind clear n soul free it good to be me
2 hr cardio starts now !! To all my big individuals getting healthy!!💪💪💪 summertime
I'm pretty sure buns give me nightmares
Bitch im the best
*Hides razor* Yeah... that's a creepy thought. *whistle innocently*
i feel like that second move is more likely to be approved by a credentialed exercise professional for inclusion. ooh snap indeed.
email sent. I'm not sure if you go right or left off of the exit from 128, so check Google anyway.
Haven't you learned? I don't worry about consequences, just what I want today!
Friend* *wakes up before you do* and just lays there quietly Best Friend* *hits you with a pillow* WAKE UP IM HUNGRY!!!
it is not pizza that is for sure. I had amazing chocolate almond roca matzah from DZ Akins last weekend, that was delicious!
If you've been following , you're now following
that would be a dream come true :') definitely gonna start saving up for that right now<3
Ain't gotta rush, I just want to take it nice and slow... ♥
If you have an iphone please don't include us "non-creative, ego-satisfying, dying to be hip" souls in ur mass texts. It's cussin' confusing
There comes a point in your life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it
Yea #imthatgirl that when I start driving I will speed down streets, top down and blasting you gotta show me love...
Last night at a bar I figured out the cost of beer per ounce for the bottle and draft of Bud Light.
You know you play too much tennis when you hold your pencil with an eastern grip
I wish I heard from occasionally. Oh well... Lol
So how did it go?
Wow!!! Thanks for the high praise. We don't deserve it.
This is fucking embarrassing!
oh lord not this again hahaha
Follow me, I'll DM you.
Am in Las Vegas. Their car rental system is organized to a T! Bravo.
Start the weekend off right! :)
Thanks, Jane!
Use your common sense when you exercise.
I am getting a new Verizon phone. Any tips on what model is best? Thinking about the Droid...
I know... I couldn't look at her wit out saying.. dayyyaaammn!
i know you're ready to roll out!
What is "southwest cocktail" attire?
There are some very special #Barbie items including Miss Barbie New in Box, 1964 Swirl Barbie, Suzy Goose Furniture, 1963 Barbie Dream House
that would be high apathy.
so are we!! Check out facebook!!
A period of travel and relaxation when you take twice clothes and half the money you need.
You're welcome! It was 's fault
thanks! so glad you and the f5 were there...
Santa orginally had a demon that dragged the bad boys and girls to hell
Mar 29, 1922: Churchill said that English and Scots had difficulty understanding internecine Irish feuds.
thxs for follow .. It's a BETTER WEB BUILDER! ..htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op It's FREE!
I Need to take that trip.. get away from the burgh for a while
Haunted is such an epic song and after Saturday night I can't stop listening to it.
why cant i be pretty?
we are on the same page about Mike, I'm not a fan
I do wish life would settle out long enough for me to get back to researching. But life throws loops and its best to roll with the punches.
Here's hoping today is a calm, quiet election day in Lima.
30% off this week! Use code: ship30. Support real artists. Lunatik Clothing
I work closely with the Great group that can help you make it to D1. How are things going for you?
Rocking my flipflops at #androidopen. So comfortable!
Good to hear you were impressed! I just thought you may be spectating. Oh well, next time then!
yea that's cool...I'll let yall know if I'm driving or not soon
At #TXLA12? Come visit us at booth no. 2437 to learn about Job & Career Accelerator - it's a crucial resource for all job-seekers!
To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme. Herman Melville
i'd like to make an appointment to dustys hair salon
#deepthoughts... realizing how crazy life really is. Always expect the unexpected.
Lol bailey what was that?
haha I have like no friends in my classes:p
should finally burn me his dreamcast games.
Glad u were able to be part of it, but also happy to have u back in NY. Miss u
Im I the only person who has not seen the Avengers!?
ha ha ha ha he. He is on fire with his kickin toniiiiiiiite
#leanstartup End of month cancellation spike : how did you find out sales quotas were to blame?
Do you pray because its a steering wheel or a spare tire?
<Drum roll and trumpets> Congratulations to Painite Paintings for winning the FREE LOGO contest!
go bucks!!!
Is anyone seeing at midnight tonight? Do you think the book or movie will be better?
this was in my drafts lol which means you never got it.
When Vitale redeemed company shares in 2007, arrangement kicked in to pay him $6 million over 10 years.
Considerable period of relaxation in front of the beach!
okay, I just got done showering.
Enjoyed baby's first outing today followed by more naps. Great first #mothersday!
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Just cleaned out my work keyboard with pressurized air. Can only compare it to the Ulysses grand finale.
Girls can be so fake i just do not understand . /
Prove it. RT Nobody was ever on their deathbed and thought "I wish I tweeted more."
“: i have a better chance of marrying a black man who's been incarcerated than been to college. ain't that a btch” ~ sad truth!
Going golfing with Kyle
shut up Austin
If you asked me how many times you have crossed my mind I would say once because you never really left.
CHICAGO WANT YOU GUYS HERE!!
its gonna be 72 degrees today niggas
Im go make it watch and see
Creativity is... allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is... knowing which ones to keep. -Scott Adams-
Complacency NEVER brings success.
Cullen whether you come back or not, thank you for everything you did, and you will be missed if you do leave. any news yet?
I have gone through 10 lbs of sugar in a month making sure my hummingbird friends are fed. Those little sugar junkies
Those Gator Boys are Hot..so far anyways..As long as their playin well goin into the Big Dance..Go Gators!!!
RT : Follow - Amazing Project by / Are you Weird? Check it out and see for Yourself:)
Thanks to for all of your hard work. Great show tonight at The Griffin w/ dear friends and <3
Finally heading home.
Top 11 Travel Apps - ABC News
I love hotels!
swag no
have a magnificent week ahead! :)
Morgan homecoming then HU homecoming ohh what should I do lol go to both lol
#thesocialorg HI I'M BILLY MAYS
We have plenty of happy users! Feel free to email us with any questions you have - .
You got some awesome swag man respect from sweden !!
All I see on Facebook is sluts complaining about other sluts being sluts.
hahaha I just don't understand. What a weird concept.
I'm right here Mike! Thanks, I like you too! :)
a thousand frowny faces RT : Don't go for the geniuses. They never want to sleep.
So, SB466, which radically alters ten/landlord rights passed the assembly and senate Call the TRC before you sign anything or if you have ?s
All the things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams
These tears are happy tears... I love you Brewers and Packers!
Refund for this season not yet announced MT : have Pay-The-Pick plan. If team gets No. 1 pick, season tix will be $43
archives internship this spring = one very happy me!
I know I'm excited because I fell on the floor and started rolling LOL
at grad party eatn up everything.... ayyyeee
Life is a fight, and even though it seems like you're going to get knocked out, you must keep on fighting!
Thanks for the RT, we're finding that most of our followers are using #SocialMedia on the #mobile devices, how about you?
I wrote a song about your eyes, ate a slice of cherry pie. I cried all night. - Wonderful
The ceramic trailers on Oregon Art Beat are way cool. cc:
I know--busy couple of weeks. May is a make-it-happen kinda month.
I'm going to try to make it (especially since it's in our building)!
The grill is fired up! RT Off to meet up with a #Sym2011 Tweep and her family IRL #NetworkingFTW cc:
why hello =]
Ha! Your Jedi mind tricks don't work on me... But, yes... Yes I am following them...
Congrats to former Meteor intern who just landed a job in San Francisco.
You are a LOSER with a Icon that is Racist
I am taking relentless crap for the Jets acquisition of Tebow. And justifiably. Silver lining: Sanchez is now sweating.
6 hours today. Then the puppy peed off the pad. Excitement on a Saturday.
nostalgia settling in?
Sad to hear about Nick Stahl. Hope he is okay and gets clean. This is a really tough town for actors.
Thank you so much!
I can't wait for the #NerdProm to actually start. White House Correspondents Dinner
thanks Andrea!
No I'm Not Currently In A Relationship But I'm Happy!
Palm Beach County agency offers sessions on getting hospitality industry jobs - Palm Beach Post
Gonna Change My Bio , Who Wants There Nam On It ? : )
Be respectful of other people. If you borrow something return in better condition & if you show something leave it better than you found it.
damn nvm then u far frm my type 2 u nt pretty
"Their here!!! TOns of them!! They surrounded the park! Fire dept and riot gear and those plastic handcuffs!"
Finished editing prologue to book and now immersed in Part I; amazed at what a short break will do for my editorial perspective
« Lakers aways start off slow but finsh strong...» truth
Ceelo Green ruined his career in the lasted American Dad! and my opinion of Seth went down as wells=
#Cartier commercial is ridiculously stunning SICK!
Thanks for the Follow Beth!
Ah fresh out the shower!
Joan Rivers is Funny.. I luv her!
Remembering my great uncle who lost his battle with cancer 13 years ago today
Greetings, Boston, you magnificent bastard.
August 28,29 The Great Southwest Home Remodeling & Design Show Santa Ana star center gswhomeshow.com
“ Tons of flowers to lay on my grandmas grave today.” | I miss her so much.
2nd half pack... keep it up...
ah I love her<3 haha.
RE tweepsmap - too bad it can't tell us how many are #scuba divers, huh? Joining SCUBAnauts on Key West expedition in July.
OK, so the Blogger to Wordpress import has been a miserable failure. I'm gonna start moving individual posts now. That means no comments.
Easter sunday is the best...hope every1 havin a blessed sunday!
Sign # 42 I’m getting older: How angry I get at that there are now 85 flavors of Doritos.
"The semen analysis looked excellent" is just not something I expect to overhear at the vet's office. Or anywhere, ever.
REK in town tonight. Finally checking out ACL Live.
DEAL when are we going? Haha
We're launching two new pages soon & - Go say hi! :D
It's a Ravi Shankar on the Pandora machine getting work done kinda day.
Get your work done while overseeing the shoot. Steve Temple Photography is now equipped with high speed wireless internet.
2 bad he has 2 go.
i wanna go to the gym,
I'll let you know! Welcome to #teamluau :)
Did you know...? In 1840 the world's first dental school opened in Baltimore.
Be sure to give San Diego native, Jessica Sanchez, some love on American Idol this week! Who's your favorite contestant?
We are open at 11am!
Back from rehab =)
What's that? I have a real life meeting for a big kid art gig? Chalkboard lettering here I come!
no he just said id really like it a lot. So I kind of guessed what it might be. Lol
yay! Glad you like it :)
"Treat people like mirrors & watch how you reflect in their eyes." Nnamdi G. Osuagwu
Bet #Brewers never imagined they'd have to try and replace Prince Fielder with Travis Ishikawa and Brooks Conrad.
yea i feel u
he forgot his pot of gold on the other side.
We agree with when he says "support live comedy" (we think he's got great taste in live comedy, too).
Omfg there has been nothing but psychos coming into the shop today.
I believe on Harvey Dent.
Can I please see you before I leave the country?!
How do people expect to be great if they lack confidence??
lol ohp I see. besides graduating highschool the only other graduation I had was preschool lol
haha ayay! you always get my attention! even if all the creepers at the park are staring at me (:
were you saying Im very networky?
and prayers are with your family and friends.
you just secured a lot of voters. Why? Because you're doing what's right for the nation.
cher I love you, follow me back? please! xoxo
Little things matter to me, because they make up the bigger picture.
« fuck gas prices»
Wish I were house. The food looks great. Still waiting for the grill to heat. It's back to very slow food here.
girl please,I hear you,I'm gone brush this into a ponytail and call it a day
I know right ..!! I miss you do much I wanna come visit
Wow, Finland diving like this is a soccer match... These international refs blow
An objective for the day, training data (what U did), what U learned, successes for the day, solutions needed, goal statement
Bear in mind Coffey (+30lb) went pen to mound (300ish ft) in about same time. Basepaths = 360ft
#tacky dudes wearing colorful scarfs ----
it is a good site.
« Why cant a male and female be seen together without someone thinkn they are "talkin" or "fuckin" thats crazy»
I hope these are tryouts and not just for fun.
call Colin! Let's hang tough!!!!!
high school??? Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
Got to bail a bit early, thanks for sharing your knowledge and giving me time to share my thoughts. See ya next week
Dear America: Tiger Woods was not the first celebrity to have an affair, neither was Bill Clinton the first leader. GROW UP ALREADY
I have the best husband in the whole wide world!
lol. Keep telling yourself that! Ignorance is bliss! :)
THE ONLY SHOP WIT SO MANY, REAL STREETWEAR BRANDS THAT MAKE THEIR MARK N L.A. N.Y. TOKYO LONDON .. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Wise is he or she who does not look up at somebody else, or look down on somebody else.
Thank you! I will do that.
The Aerosmith Armageddon song is playing on my shuttle to the airport. It's a nice moment, now I get where Bruce Wills was coming from.
i’m putting some new stuff online this week.
Coaching's going well! No official blessing from the gaming board yet so i'm doing it pro bono for now.
don't care who wins this game...def want it to come down to the wire for entertainment. It's all about game 3 tomorrow baby!
very very welcome :)
I needed a good laugh tonight! Thank you!
love y'all!!
congratulations :-) not a bad Christmas present...
Looks like if I don't get this last basketball option...then I'm going to be coaching basketball on the side until next season rolls around.
toby keith voice.
English muffins weren’t invented in England nor French
Prayer is so powerful . This kidd prayed over this womans drinking problem and she now doesnt know what beer taste like anymore . Wow
Osama bin Laden helped Taliban launch attacks on western soldiers in Afghanistan - Daily Mail
Let me know if you want a ticket for Alpha Omicron Pi & Phi Delta Theta's Take the Stage this Tuesday! Tickets are $5!
Thanks Lisa for all of the social media-ing you do to help us get the word out there! <3
Cancer-causing ingredients in Coca-Cola? Another reason it's America's drink.
it's you
Meanwhile, Los Angeles has apparently decided it is summer today.
I don't understand the obsession of nipples...
Glad to hear you like it! Go Cubs! #lightscape on state street lovin it
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice fuck off forever.
true--the problem of course being that 'strict constitutionalist' is now just code for 'hypocrite'
hang out with me while you're in buffalo!!!!
yes please do
I think Yahoo was in disarray well before this incident ;)
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy Never trust a new white girl in town.
Editing articles with a bacon, egg & cheese at NDB.
Damn you, dryer, take my Canadian quarters! How do you know the difference???
I am eating at my desk but I just ran. Hope that balances things out!
Ceremony honors donors Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, president of UAE & New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Monet inspired design.
Why do I have to click twice to read an article with pandawhale?
Be harmonious, sympathetic, brotherly, kindhearted and humble in spirit. -1 Peter 3:8
Yepp He Cool I Approve . Smoked Out In My World #Trell Doe!!
Pretty bummed about waiting til June to buy the Asus Transformer Infinity 700... Probably for the best though.
What You Need
#isitok? To have a stubble beard when you work in a business casual setting ? Even I'd you can pull it off?
Had a great time at Korzo! Nate Radley sounded amazing subbing for Ben Monder. Tonight: Seeds with Monder, Joe Martin and Ted Poor. 10 pm
PLEASE follow me I LOVE YOU
What does student centered learning look like to you? DM me please!
the Comish didn't know he was adding a dress code right as the Hipster look was taking off!
If you aren't able to attend the meetup this Wednesday, you can also tweet your ideas using the hashtag
Not to mention Jim Caldwell is the new OC in BALT. Manning would be a perfect fit there....as long as Ray can make room
some ppl are rude as hell
Think I just used ShamWow... it does make a difference!
The worst. I wish I had a driver.
Check out the July issue of Marie Claire...hair and make-up for the article beginning on page 98 was done by Veda's talented staff!!!
Brusters must be close too, then!
Tune in 9am Monday to to listen to two of our program partners discuss the importance of teaching and sharing women's history
We were looking at the corner of S. Washington and Cherry, Civil War era brick building, but it is smaller than we wanted.
RT : 48% of Americans live paycheck-to-paycheck - Judy Walz, SVP Marketing
Street Team is coming soon!
only time i'll ever drink 40s is if im broke or i wanna play Edward Fortyhands
You got your guards up, I do too there's things we might discover cause you got a past and I do too, we're perfect for each other
you can take the man outta Colorado, but you can't take the Colorado outta the man.
20 minutes until Region 2 semifinals. Looking forward to seeing our state finalist Denise Burns compete!
I think I know what's happening here, Roland. My #TaylorMades are gathering dust.
Open your eyes to what's in front of you.
ohh me too. And ohh wow r there still games? I would wanna go see her play. And meet u!
you are ignorant
Breaking the web breaking the web.
S/o to Happy bday unc
Ill take it
love you too big bro!! Thank you that means a lot
It was originally supposed to be a PetSmart, but that fell thru. Think they just wanted to get that space filled.
lol. I shouldn't joke about viagra, people will think I'm old & ugly; where as only one of those is true
spending the next few hours at dance......last saturday practice!! </3
Rooobiohs, Rooboys...however you say it that stuff is delightful! I'll be back tomorrow! And I hear you're making pizza...
This is very important about Aspergers right? I'm just telling you it's a horrible thing about lack of eye contact!
Overheard at #TNC10: telling treatment providers in IL that #hcr will help is like telling a drowning man to hold his breath for just 2 yrs.
Ouch ! My little cusin told me that if I didnt pass him the ketchup he was gunna break my jaw 0.o
Yay, the moon! I like the moon :D
The Day's Grow Shorter & I'm Still Stuck In Yesteryear & If I Can Just Break Through My Fears I Know I'll Soar♥-KillahSmilee
Free Nutritional Seminar this Wed w/ ! email or call 212-593-3278 to RSVP
nothing just wanted to borther somebody and i WANT my STRAWBERRY CAKEE
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. ~Anais Nin
tweet tweet
And now people are talking to boxes at #did11: "come on then shitbox"
What a beautiful day out today! Today is a perfect day to __________.
Happy New Year and many continual Blessings in the Years to Come, from Stage Aurora!
Zion Bound, Hell Proof
Hello Matt Thank you for the follow. Your creative thinking jumps off the page!
Yeah. It definitely doesn't hurt as bad this time. 😒
#ThingsMyBestFriendsDo make me smile even in the worst situations.
“: Gonna Smash This Fucking Possessed Cat In The Head Tonight!” aww poor pussycat :(
Watching the movie Due Date.
The best way to predict the future is to create it. Peter Drucker
Hahaha,did i ever tell you i know some malay words? My mum is a malay. Hahah. But i only know some.
#ff - he's a coffee lid innovator who no one else can hold a flame to!
That's weird to me
Green Bay Packers announced they have signed first-round pick Nick Perry. (Schefter)
oh my.... Americas got talent is a little scary this year..
Did you know that 's happy hour is 1/2 off cans? Yup that means 1/2 off !!
Enjoy my city GJ.
Have a GREAT time! Well done :)
how would you get around that or suggest what to do?
Hell To The Nutella NO!
:) anyone talking about collaborative concept mapping as way around copyright restricts re digitising post 1922 materials?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you buy lube and the lady at the cash register says "enjoy your night, sir."
I know I know it's the worst
Doc Rivers: "I've never seen Ray Allen miss so many free throws in my life."
Creating graphics for three different presentations; education, retirement and retail.
It has been deemed newsworthy that Jon Huntsman believes in evolution and global warming. Why? He's the only Republican who does. Scary.
Is it considered role playing if I call Tasha "Paula Dean" while we make dinner?
Give him BJ since his fight with Condit is off? Assuming Dana keeps him of course.
now I've got Owl City, which I secretly love. I think this is my secret music crush station.
Pizza Fun Fact: Saturday night is the biggest night of the week for eating pizza. What night of the week do you like to order pizza?
what did you have?
“: "Get the London look." no thanks. I like my teeth without the gap.” LOLOLOL OMG
Great finish by !! Such a wonderful sight.
Spam tweets are the devil ... Or as Gloria from "Modern Family" would say ... El diablo
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
We won all the Reynolds over offically!! RT think the other sis might ACTUALLY come get lunch from you today!
Free Pharmacy Discounts - Savings up to 45% - Target - Generic Prescriptions -
ALEXX OMG WONDER IF YOU WOULD DM SOMETHING RANDOM!!! HOPE YOU DO..
#SillyOfMeToThink that I knew you and that I liked you now I know the real person you are
If I were in a controversial literary rave-rap group, I'd call it Die Atwood. Obviously.
you were right last night. The grilled cheese truck is called Morris Truck
Ehh im tired from work and theres nithing to do
Word. ": Sarah Palin was paid twice as much as what a teacher makes in a year to say teachers make too much money. #wiunion"
I miss you, dude
I'm signing copies of Depth of Focus. Read a description of the book and two excerpts at www.kenyadwilliamson.com. Have a great weekend!
: Haven't seen you since MCN in Chicago, I think...but was so happy to get the email with your news! Congrats on the new job!
The procrastinator in me says tweet....now 8 tweets.
Quit playing men.
Wow I really hope one day to look as good as my headshot.
Well i always been an og triple og RT Not when your a gangsta : The single life gets a little frustrating
tonight's beer will be 500 we!
...very simple pastry, but requires practice. I wish I could direct you someplace in #PDX to try it. And I'm outta town.
Don't speak your anger, speak your heart. What's behind the anger? This is not being weak, its being real.
“: Is there water in Turkey Creek now?? Would be great if so!” A little water is trickling in.
Spectacular weather in South Florida!
When you call our firm, you can rest assured that one of our attorneys will provide you with the services that fit your case.
u just need to quit
Yep! When mean everything, we mean EVERYTHING!!
Just rain and freezing rain so far. Looks like it's hitting harder North of us.
buckley jones
so fucking annoying!!! hahah RT : Knock it the fuck off with the car horn, Washington!
Happy Mother's Day! Pause. Coyotes take on L.A. in Glendale at 5pm. Go #yotes!
eh single my BF broke up with me for his ex and im really hurt..... ='(
It's tough to watch the games today
Thank you so much and for the RT of our article. We are so excited!
DO NOT LIVE TWEET THE GAME DO NOT DO THAT TO ME. I have stupid work to do.
I better be that fucking important god know
Ok ok the band is partying!!!! The Conclusion Band..... ur going to have a ball!!!!
I like to get all the info before offering congratulations. (belated) CONGRATS on your exciting news!! :)
of course I did!
I have a huge bruise on the inside of my leg =?
kind of want to read. would not admit it. Patron donated it because she said it was so awful and didn't want it in her home
I hate when people try to touch my face...
Need more tuxedos
Still have ONE RR/Avery Collaboration Not Litigation & a couple of New Holland Blue Sunday Reserves hidden away. Get 'em or I drink 'em!
#gospelbreakupsongs. Walk in the light - Hezekiah Walker
Thats Great Barbara..Keep on updating me of such events where we can help!!
amateurs/experienced and educated. I cannot tell the difference. The so-called educated has done much damage.
Twitter is better than Facebook 100 percent.
Sheriffs dept needs to better reflect community. - Adrian Moss-Beasley
now following back Howdy!!!
#DTLA How many "coffee sleeves" have you seen so far today?
I wonder how much noise would be eliminated if all the cab drivers in Chicago stopped honking for no apparent reason?
Now I have to watch #NEVERSAYNEVERDVD again because followed me
Well thanks for the love!
To bed early with an upset tummy..bummer I wanted to do christmas decorations with my babies. :(
Blog Post - Publish early in the morning. Gets more links to post. Try it out. says
Hope you can come 2 our launch party 5/31! Love 2 celebrate with you:)
follow me please :)
and casey anthony your kid...
&bull; Nice Hidden Camera Hook DVR Covert Cam Protect your home
I'm doing exactly what Kim was talking about, minus the ramen.
that bitch dont know me or the bitches i fuck with so she betta stay in her place . cause she dont want these problems !
The fuck you hiding ?
": such language!" I just retweeted. I didn't actually put it.
I tried to tell you
RT : All Caterpillars unite on April 28th!!! Time for a Metamorphosis!
buffalo trace is a decent whiskey and not overly priced.
The Newt Mobile is here
i will for sure!
Loving this
yeah "toyally" - ass.
Gonna miss so much shit in school , and track practice ! Ugh .
My nigga asked my why I talk 2 females like I do..I said shit..I keep it real..speak my mind..and say what I want
That's it for Novel Week! Which #history novels are YOU looking forward to reading? RT your thoughts!
Feel free to reblog my latest post on
DO THA CLAM
Wow. You know what that means? There's a frost warning here tonight! RT : Ice cream truck!!!!!!!!!
Watching two of my favorite ladies on your latest ep: you and I could watch the 2 of you banter all day.
Your the problem not me.
ahh I love this movie!:D
...& it was all for no reason, or at least one that was not correctly expressed. But whatever, I'm done.
yeah i gotta check em out
thank you, Dr. King, for spreading a message of peace and tolerance. Also thanks for the day off. :)
the dance is tomorrow cant wait!
and Julie Andrews -- amazing!!
Seski go to Rogue Brewery, Agate Beach July 6. Seski mabey feed seals? You watch for Seski!
Tomorrow is the #Warhammer Fanatsy Tournament! Tell everyone, the more the better! 2,500pts no special characters! #ABQ see you there!
haha I know. What do you really think will be outcome? UK by 7
Congrats to for being selected to the Freshman All-America team.Horns DBs will own the Big 12 for years.
he sounds like a chick xD
dint let your car gear you talk like that or it will really start acting up
Twitter I am having a dilemma ...
I can eat in 13 hours!
lol I'll be hanging with in no time! PS I LOVE the new haircut! no joke u look like RiRi in your prof pic!!
Cheese is awesome!!!
Thanks for the help!
Sorry ur having trouble editing your order. Depends on ur delivery time. Please send email to .
I just read last year 4,153,237 people got married. I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
LitFuse is cranking out a badass proposal... best one yet! And looking forward to enjoying the sunshine!
"The start is what stops most people." - Don Shula
is in the businesses of helping moms -Healey
i swear he done had about 3 good chances smh
Would LOVE a cheapie rain-out win right here. No bullpen.
Buy C and GE
not quite sure how i feel about the #fullday rahm...
Hate when shit just get thrown in my face
Gotta admit, discussing appeal of #Judaism with a Jew makes me feel all sorts of childish. 'why Judaism?' 'I dunno, it it calls to me?'
Is the endorsement of Newt Gingrich by Sarah Palin a curse or a blessing?
Hunger Games movie: son i am disappoint
Tomorrow 12/29/11 is doing their thing at w/ Jim Wes, The Monroes & The Young Liars 7pm.
Cute, sure. But gosh, is it really that slow of a news day? Cmon folks.
Thanks ! Appreciate your support!
thats how I do. I like to over stuff my careta with bundles of clothes, and go "This isn't all mine, I have 8 kids"
At The Toros Game w My Baby N Bestfriendd
I know, I know--too busy, but would love to get there sometime.
Facebook is lame anyway...
On my way to therapy. Still don't believe this shit works.
Got the fireside table for wine tasting with
Hopefully they catch the idiot responsible for this.
that dude in lady antebellum needs to button one more higher, please.
So sad Lincoln HS Student victim of meningitis, so young, precious.
Thanks for the RT Happy Mothers Day
id always be hungry to if I was that skinny!;P ha
The other day I heard a useful neologism: flustrated. I'm getting flustrated. Pretty much all the time.
Gina Biancarosa, U Oregon: core features for ereader interfaces. This would help conversion of college textbooks to eplatforms
At the Place... and I thin you need to play better music.
RT : My mommy not taking me to the New edition concert
RT : My sole hope for the draft remains that media goes to SF, wait for hours, then have 49ers trade pick to OAK, where nobody is
Did you know? The Nick channel started being broadcasted in Buffalo NY?
Smart. London to get Europe’s biggest ever Wi-Fi zone for Olympics. Allows fans to engage on social media & check-in services.
It is October right? For your sake i hope it doesn't snow like this all winter!
I've never been kicked out of a class I'm not even in before. Maybe we should not meet in each other's classes? Lol
Thanks for the follow MAS peeps!!!
Research: Ancilliary skills that (communication skills for engineers for example)
RT : Retweet for a chance to win a signed jersey tonight. Get the #ochocinco app here www.rockapp.com/ocho
Oh I know! :c how have you been?
I wouldve delivered them....
Just because I'm smiling, doesn't mean I don't want to hit you in the face.
WhoisTrevor.com He revealed himself to the world yesterday!
Really fun show at Diesel tonight! Thanks to everyone who came out!
My Goldfish died and I got my tonsils out.
Never count the cost it's worth all that's lost
Discussing whether is wearing a mock turtleneck in his profile pic.
hahahahaha that's disgusting. And i've stopped vegetarian but I don't eat red meat now.
Morning Rockstars! > Experience is not what happens to a man: it is what a man does with what happens to him. - Aldous Huxley
Watching NBA highlights. Ouch! looks like a MIA sweep is coming against NY. We're rooting for OKC over DAL #Durantula is a beast!
We did it! 5000+ likes! Stay tuned - ASA Holiday Gift Package contest will be next week! Thx 2 all who support us!
RT : Luv new follower >>>Thanks for the shout out! Hey ATL TweetiePies are you staying posted? Follow!
I believe I had that many in March.
- damn look at all those superstahs! Huya!
Have you seen Danny Deckchair? Great Movie...
Walking out to the court for tonights Bucks game against the Lakers, hope we bring it tonight!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers!
Fuccin all the way up
“ RT : #Gemini may appear disorganized, but there is a method to their madness.”
I think I might return to the world of the Twitter. The question: do I have anything important to share?
appreciate it man. I could be luckier
*pearly whites* hey G goodmorning!!!!! They better watch out from TGT real rnb alert!!!!!! Have a blessed one babe
The Samsung Galaxy S I is straight up IMPRESSIVE.
! RT Um, cool RT : Barry Diller says he is not sure mags like can survive 5 more years in print
Who has advice on zipcar as an alternative to car ownership?
#LRT, BUT I THOUGHT THEY SQUASHED THE BEEF
I love the movie 'The Count of Monte Cristo' so much.
That awful feeling when you completely screw up a rehearsal and can't stop thinking about it javahakeve
Got to read this study to see how much alcohol we are talking about.
Got a test in science today.
Thanks girl! Your such an amazing friend!!!!! Xoxo
Happy Mothers Day to all the Amazing mamas!!!! Many of you do it all by yourself without a significant other. I salute you ALL. God Bless.
Oh yeah duhh(:
Migraine with medicine? nauseous. Migraine without medicine? nauseous. Lose lose situation here. Bed time.
What?! I didn't see you :( We'll have to have a beach day soon!!
asking about question of scale in the digital scholarship we undertake
if it increases the odds of a getting a gift card, yes.
Jealous...that is so awesome!
Went into a meeting down two runs and came out a winner. Bring on more meetings!
he said it himself "ima rap until im fossil fuel" aka hes not.done til hes dead
#thanks for the compliment
Why are the IRS 1099 form instructions obsessed w/ fishing proceeds? I keep picturing "Deadliest Catch: Tax Edition"
Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her
wow that was a lot of info plus I have to get about 100 shots and finger pricks which I hate. but I get to volunteer in the Emergency Room!
Good morning #ThankGOD for blessing us wit another day
Life is like a hot bath. It feels good while you’re in it, but the longer you stay in, the more wrinkled you get.
my sisters ex is hear and he keeps calling my fluffy ima kick his ass if he calls me that one more time
A mushroom walks into a bar and starts hitting on a woman. She turns him down. Not willing to give up, he pleads "C'mon lady, I'm a fun guy"
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
Working dogs....dogs that pull carts and do taxes?
I'm not the one they say is short. I'm like normal height enough. Gina!
Thank you for the incredible Dallas pictures! I loved that I was able to experience it with my daughters!
All Adidas and Ashworth shirts are $10 off when you mention this tweet. All Nike, Callaway, and tTaylor Made golf balls $10 off a dozen.
#DesireThursdays what desire do you have for your own Mama this week? How will you honor her?
yea right? I must be getting "so famous" LOL...and my hair color really? Ha
#gymdrunk bc well be #fiercefit by summer time!!
If you're a big oatmeal in the morning person I urge you to try steel cut oatmeal. Brings oatmeal to a whole new level.
Sweet! RT : <-- Coding at 30,000 feet --> Glad to have in flight to test websites I'm working on!
next season will be a very interesting one for football. Lots of rookies with a lot on their shoulders
I know coconut gets a bad rap but i gotta say im on team coco
lets get gopackgo trending
I Appreciate That
I see! the 2nd time around there may be more, so maybe I should give it another try
What would you do for a Klondike Bar?
Congrats for your Bronze Medal!!!
Better late than never, but never late is better~
