SUCCESS! New home = west Oakville. We realized this morning the repercussions of living next to a Svenhardt's factory with the windows open.
- also got some aged legendary samischlous (15%) also....
Yea Man, Shit Got Real On Sesame Street...
When a good song gets ruined by idiots that over play them.
im menat boy in my class
(AP) -- Romney reaffirms his view that marriage should be between man and woman, contrasts with Obama.
oh fuck, didnt know it went up that much! nice.
lol text me when you finish “: .......... if u werent so close to me i'd hate you . I hope I interrupted again.”
Happy Easter.
I'm getting that info for you! I'm seeking/picking up the donations on behalf of a good friend & his wife, so I hadn't prev. asked.
Girl girl girl, the rosemary powder will change your life.
Its important that you get prequalified so you know how much you can afford before you start shopping for a home.
yes im missing out sitting in a car and watching a movie :O sounds fucking amazing!
On set shooting in Rhode island
Had a great investigation at morrison lodge this past weekend. It rocked.
tonight's the night...i do my surprise cameo...it goes viral...i take medicine for it...
… can't talk with ya if it ain't counterfeit !
lol, i'm in bed, waiting for my washing machine to finish so i can put it on the dryer and go to sleep :(
I can't tell u how excited I am to be here at the Marc for "under African skies" a story of Paul Simon making Graceland album.
thanks but I live in l.a., california
its so nice out today :)
Any plans on releasing the soundtrack? It would be an amazing listen!
that feeling you get when your friend doesn't want to talk to you and you feel like crying
So teachers dont teach anymore?.....ok, cool .. :/
Thursday birthday = Fucked up on Saturday= hung all the way over on Sunday yup!
This cab driver is going 2 kill us if he doesnt stop lookin at my legs & stop askin us if we're girl.
As far as I know there isn't one. I have the Apple keyboard and its a big complaint on the market. Sorry buddy.
bro my phone died ! I will text you later
Preparing my questions for today's book club conversation on The Electric Kool Aid Acid Test - Have anything you'd like to add?
wonder if my heart will ever be back?
At some Hollywoodish party that vaguely smells of piss, trying to look insightful on the couch so some dude will come talk to me.
lol yeah I missed Half of DRUGS for watic acoustic. I heard rumor mill for the first time and it was perrf
Sports Illustrated article on #SDSU Basketball will hit next week (2-21?). It should be BIG! Go #Aztecs...Fight On! Hurry up and be 2-26!
": And that pedicure lasted 2 minutes. #DangIt." time to find a new place to get a pedicure
Going out for my dads birthday tonight :) Love my daddy! <3
love your tweets and thoughts. Let the critics unfollow...
Sprucing up our Bleu Velvet cocktail: we're talking Skyy vodka, lime juice & Blue Curacao! Hope you join 4/19! Email !
Imma tlk to my store manager tomorrow and tlk business and c wat cn happen
Just made it from Cincinnati to Ironton in an hour and 55 min.
local chicagoan 's apparel in his avi makes me sick.
Thanks for helping to produce the PSA!
No worries. Thanks for responding! Maybe I'll see you there. :-)
I really need to learn how too wash dishes
Jeana Sweeney, #CMTA director of community services: One person can make a difference in battling Charcot-Marie-Tooth
sounds great, but I am doing extended family time in n cambridge. Look out tomorrow, though
Welcome the North American Fighting Championship to Twitter!! Milw debut Sat April 3 @ WI State Fair Park. UFC & WEC vets battle WI's best.
Crunch Time! Don't forget, reference assistance is available...
Definitely! RT : tonight is all about the
Great save by Henrik, that was a rocket from the circle.
To counter high gas prices drafting should be allowed on the interstate. All about better MPG.
Thanks! Hope you have a great day!!
you know what they say about #carbs... and you love bacon dont even
Interview tip: The thank-you note is not out of style; might just set you apart from others, especially those who just send a quick email.
Credit for the broncos win should be spread around - coach fox, Von miller... But tebow... Tebow!
i would love to sing with you :") its my dream for that to happen and to be a singer <3 tell me plz when u open ur record label
Powell Teen Trends Full Loft Study Bunk Bed - Best Price Reviews ...
- all in timee... Thankss for the support J!
aye but not everybody's like that there, most people are good with making the same amount in wages... Not necessarily here tho
No he's still got his job. Living off his bloody Dad.
Thanks for following! Follow :-)
wow that's so exciting! Could you ever imagine doing something like that?
The computers are down at the library and my phone is the only connection to our catalog. I am officially a handheld librarian today.
Many thanks sir. I wasn't sure where it was in the app, but I found it. Already saving away. :)
's mom doesn't like Friends. OMG.
"The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire." -- Ferdinand Foch, military strategist
I think Team Derek needs to assemble in SD!
On org structure: "simplify the hell out of it. You want alignment. You don't want matrixes in 5 different ways."
instead of going to a stupid assembly im goin to sonic :D
Aw hi my little baby Rt : Listening Nervous.
Hey, Bob Jr! Are you the messiah?
hey!! I'm actually using twitter because of you (;
Dexter Season Four was awesome, but all I have to say is cliff hanger much!! Well back to it, break time is over. Lots yet still to do.
can't wait to get this weekend over with
I like both Albums alot but as of now i'd give the nod to C4 I think they both solid.
God works in mysterious wayS. Ways we may never know of but we do know he is Good! <3
I never gave depression much thought til it happened to me. I don't think anyone can understand until they feel/witness it 1st hand.
this is one hell of a series...
were never goanna go out!
Bored out of my mind *starts clapping ass unsuccessfully lol
Good morning Twitter friends! What has everyone got planned for this beautiful Saturday? Question: What is your favorite breakfast food?
LETS GO CAPS!!
so jealous. Let's go!
I know "Doctors looking at Brady, backup QB warming up" is news, but I nearly had a heart attack, sports writers. Thanks a bunch.
And so the research waits until tomorrow... MT : All NYC libraries are closed today thanks to the snow.
I should have realized I was dreaming straightaway- I never have clean and matching clothes ready for work.
well that was a hell of an episode/finale setup.
You ain't gettin no free promotion here
because they get away with it all the time? #YouDontSeeWhatYouDontSee (or aren't shown)
I had a mini heart attack when I looked at my credit card statement till I realized I bought new damn tires! :(
Today, my dad bought some cows at a small auction in Cottonwood, ID and the President supported gay marriage. I love this country.
I envy you soo much right now :'(
This year in Pakistan 647 Christian were tried with Blasphemy charges
merry Christmas to you to my dear:p
walker is open today! See their tweet
Just got home !
Well, I don't like to brag, but...
if you say so. :p
- Oh You Get On My Nerves , Ion Fuck w / Ya !
what do you think of the LG Optimus Vu?
LOL THE YOUNG ME
Even the most beautiful flower blossoms out of dirt and mud...
Edward is in the hosptial
Toes in the water, ass in the sand
awww poor boo boo, hope she gets better
Here we go: Sara &Sean Watkins on stage.
i see
the picture was gross. but you are too, alphamale.
Monday evening might work for me. Also, what does earlier Friday look like for you?
I'll look up the details of the speaker we saw...I tend to be a skeptic but came out of the event with a lot of respect.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!! =)
he's standing up for the people he loves. What's so wrong with that?!
Can I just say how wonderful your positivity is? :)
Love yourself. You don't need to be loved or understood by others. take it easy, enjoy your life :)
Lolz how the freak is that my fault yell at mama lmao
Thanks but equal thanks go to , our awesome speakers, and the awesomest attendees EVAR!
Prayers go out to Nolan Richardson's family. His son Nolan Richardson I passed away yesterday.
Real Good :D .
Being a woman is so beautiful. I'm watch Alicia Keys talk about her pregnancy and being a mommy.
congrats and atticus!
sent you the info let me know if you have any questions.:)
hahahaha! Save a spot for me on LEFT ON MANE
I like your style of music
. What if you ask copyright holder and they say no? No penalty if you ask, are denied, then fall back on fair use.
I didn't mean to RT that..oops. But I'm not gonna loose it this time for real!
Looked pretty bad. Sprained knees are never good.
When your phone corrects "idont" to "idontlikedirtybathrooms"
The weirdest people fly at night
thanks for the perch recommendation. Finally checking it out. Have you ever installed on mediatemple?
oh Laura. Words fail. Thinking of you.
Amber's hair is starting to go past that hot unkempt stage into the long awkward stage.
I was walking down the street...
Thank you for the kind words.
Just finished the 1st Hunger Games book. Looking forward to seeing the movie with my wife.
Summer includes working two jobs, road trip to tenn. and swimming/tanning :D need more plans
*rolls eyes*
Title IX sexual harassment training obligations can seem overwhelming. Tips: prioritize those to train & utilize existing trainings
Omg best thing ever just happened. I won a freakin collab with digitalmunchies!!!!
He looks like a great dog!
Closing out our conference this morning. We hope everyone enjoyed their time at #WFX Dallas 2011
#CantWait,come on 8am! Ill be in North #Miami on set filming a #wrestling based commercial! Money Money #Money!
Grazi citizen journo! Mr. Wallenda must have just barely beat the rain. Or was it raining as he walked?
Had a stressful day and I have no one to talk it out wit so me and the ditty bop gona sit and chit chat...# alotonmymind
I must be a little bored because I found time to tweet.
13 n u
what them lakers gon do Christmas
I give my heart in a prayer and send it with love. <3
Come with me, tomorrow ain't guaranteed
Dreaming of the day can open up for great artists like Tom Petty!
Being really productive in this class drawing cartoons for
Looking at it live
what are some of the songs you worked on?
In going to bed 
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. -- Theodore Hesburgh
Love u more mayne! 😘😘RT : Happy Birthday to my homegirl Love ya Betch
Gearing up to support and defend MKE taverns at the MKE Common Council tomorrow.
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
My dad wants to put our Christmas tree outside...
It's been a fascinating day to be a handicapper.
Busy day at the ballpark... #Brewers have packed the stands once again... Anyone surprised?
thanks for the recommendation, Randy!
Yep. RT : Joey Votto deserves just as many plaudits as Pujols/Adrian/etc get on a regular basis. Tremendous player.
Guess I better start packin
Its not how old I am, but when I grow up.
So saddened to hear of the loss of a friend, who was also my daughter's guitar instructor. We are stunned. God's peace to all those who...
Really, your threatening made you look pretty childish. Fuck you, kid.
Warriors come out to play
I think I'm losing sleep over this.
My entire body just shut the fuck down. Holy shit.
how did that sidewayz taste last night?
I like to pretend tupac is talking to me when he says that ima down ass bitch and he ain't mad at me
loll gap posing
You ever cover GenY & the student debt crisis? We'd love to chat with you about it & our film
Looking forward to tonight... See you two on the live cast.
i remember when you gave me a shoutout during one of your livestreams! i was extremely happy! thank you! love you bella! ❤❤❤
layover in korea. China next stop
I love game 7s but this game 6 has been amazing.
You live your life in the saddest way I've ever seen. You are the reason I don't believe.
Watch the #Superbowl and #TheVoice in our lounge!
Hell yea tweaking it's 3 in the morning nshit.
Matthew 5:9 Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God.
"THE PHIL & JOHN SHOW FEB 29TH Timothy's Pub 344 Brown's Line T.O
I feel like my pain tolerance is a lot higher than I think.. shots everyday and severe TMJ pain
that's so mean! Lol
Balls. My phone won't charge.
didn't even know what awesome was until awesome arrived. Happy birthday to the awesomest !!
Yea.. You at the crib?
Ah bayern won!! Gomez with a goal, what a surprise. I'll admit it, I became their fan through FIFA
Impractical jokers.
Just using the new pressure cooker from QVC to make pot roast in only 40 minutes... Taste good
Google Hangouts on Air has potential to be a game changer for collab. Hangouts are recorded and on YouTube for those who missed the meeting.
feel like im getting close
You should know better than to listen to the radio, at least "popular" radio. C'mon now.
Yes! RT : Goddess Reminder: It's time to dance, hottie cakes. Turn up the music. Let the groovestar out to play.
Come on rain!!!
How about a red?
"Promise me you'll always remember: you're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." -Winnie the Pooh
Ahh , this movie "Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging" is too cute! 😍
Ok, time to pass out
how do i get a pair of twitter shoes? designed by David Reese
Just saw all three members of "blonde redhead" sitting outside their rehearsal space and had to try hard to not say love your band again!
Favorite friday
What defines happiness? :(
lmao thanks and yes i am ur bitch :)
How would you know how talented I am by what I tweeted? Exactly, you can't. You're probably like 12. So stfu and gtfo.
it's pretty great!
My mom trying to get me to eat something I don't wanna eat. Foul! I just got into the h. Lolol
:( that sucks Jen
Turkey chili already in the slow cooker for tonight, oh its gonna be tasty!!
we would like to see the said #friendshipbracelets at the event on March 2nd!
thank YOU! PS - I've been eating Chobani since WAY before it was cool. Just sayin'.
Start small so you're not overwhelmed. Remember main goals & deadlines 1st, pick 3 top things to do, then dig in. Breathe.
Please contact your Local Hard Money Specialist: "Milton A. Zaiontz I" @ 210-744-3030 Email@
and so here i am, begging mercy4my sin, remembering times when i held a simpler mind,when all we had was time&remember i will always always
We do all sorts of content. No pressing need for a lawyer though =). Thanks for connecting!
Omg i love those!:) my favorite is the caramel!:)
This Day in History: April 20, 1972
ready to leave dis place
1 WEEK TILL I SEE THE BOYS AGAIN AT THE BEACON <3
Wondering if ever made that video for ECU?
Everyday, I wish I was Austin's bestfriend.
Low fat means high sugar. Watch out for that old trick! Not to mention the long list of chemicals in low fat products! Read the ingredients
When you finally get something good, enjoy it, keep it, cherish it. Don't go on trying to look for something better.
what was the pic? I missed it :(
Why didn't she Just Call his phone?
AW. Are you enjoying the lack of societal pressure to eat turkey? Or perhaps missing the lack of societal pressure to eat pie?
Well they're anti-racism bands so black and white makes sense.
Worked all day yesterday and made a lot of money! Now today is for rest!
I'm game if you want someone to be your sherpa
iPad STILL claims 10 hours of battery life!!
QoTD: "Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose." (Tom Krause)
How about choosing to think: my highest good is on the way to me now.
The WI Senate & WI Assembly have procedures to pass legislation but do not have to follow them & the SC can't make them. Not a Step Ahead!
are you going to bring any of us a cake tonight??? (cc )
Pittsburgh QB Randall stripped of ball. recover at 22. Garcia hits Willis for score on next play. SA up on Power, 40-32, in third.
make me bitch ass
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A LEADING ROLE IN A PLAY: James Corden,Philip Seymour Hoffman,James Earl Jones,Frank Langella,John Lithgow
#CentralOnline last service of the day!
Merry Christmas!
I swear I fall harder for him everyday...
And now, Hunger Games soundtrack thanks to my favorite roommate, !
Going to atlantic city tonight!!! Woo!!!!!!!!
Sorry, I got distracted. I really Like HP5 so far for 4x5. Not as fond of Tri-X as I usually am and have not tried HP4.
#teamfollowback is REAL!!! And C3 is taking over Dallas with each new initiate. Retweet and let your followers everywhere know about us!!!!
Monday's Stoop Show
cool name (:
Leaving school for a hour because you don't want to go to the class you hate. HA. HA. bitch..
Or, some would question whether YOU just hate Robbins because he's a rich dude...just messin' w/YOU :)
I wish you would call me !# BELIEVE
Thanx 4 the love pimp. Check out my new project "THE PURPLE PACK".
is a SNAKE!!!
oh no, It's dead right now because I'm too lazy to charge it. but you can text me!!! I want to know how your games went <3
he's actually won a few states, has delegate support that could create upset at brokered convention. He's reshaping GOP.
if he's lucky lol
Sometimes we don't need advice. We just need somebody to listen.
congratz on your sales! keep up the great work!
and howdy back at ya?
It is! Much of my work is on problems in #highered and many of the issues are ignored, which adds a dimension of politics.
Yay! Dakota please follow me? :)
Haven't txt in a minute&you stopped calling...Guess I saw it coming. #sad so I'm going to BED...
amen to that!
Thanks to all those who retweeted us yesterday about #JessicaSanchez on #Idol & on !
2.29 miles on the treadmill this morning. Corn Flakes and bananas in almond milk for breakfast. Different taste but still filling.
Been so busy and neglectful of Twitter. I apologize to all!!!
Dear dad- do u think a murder uses a to build up his cardio/ endurance weeks before the big day?
love talking to my summer intensive dance friends :D
RT: “: Back pains. Cramps. Craving reeses. #FemalePains” +++ YES!! This is US :)
oof, thanks, Ryan! Tonight was pretty rough.
check out KISS Coffee shop sometime. We love getting to know our customers!
Jeff Suppan's all "Alright Black Bart...now you get yours." n the Brewers are all “Oh no." Pew pew
4 DA DIMES THAT WANNA B A QUARTER NU HELLZ 10DEEP AND STUSSY, LEGGINGS & DRESSES!! U CAN"T B 21 FOREVER, GROW UP!!!! Page Themes
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
Our Trench 75/felon 31 line has been drawing a few clicks and we are over joyed, I think... lol
And that is a alluring prospect! ...Sigma out
sometime it works, sometimes it doesn't. it's all about what yr believing in. real talk.
will post pix from the event and let you know when I get one of hers up alright?
Happiness is not having what u want but wanting what u already have <3>
its hard to find the same in a girl lol, in a girl that won't play us lol
Taking FB stalking to whole nother level today....dear GAWD am I creepy today.
Bout to see what this Detroit 187 is all about. Make me proud ABC!
HELL NO. Pants are supposed to cover your ass
#SIIIIIIIKKKKEEEEE gotcha bitch ass
thanks it is nice to get it on the same day as 9 to 5 badge
AYE PUT ME UP IN THE EXIT SEATING!!!!
Love it when a big project comes back from the printer. Hate it when a key detail is missed, in spite of several checks and reassurances.
RT if you tired like me
You can "like" anything on Facebook, but there's alot more going. How much of your personal information may be exposed? Tonight at 10,TMJ4
RT #TBLonELLEN make it happen for ,
We did an FHA streamline refi in November that dropped our rate 2% -- so we're enjoying lower mos payments too. What a blessing.
The #Aztecs are now fouling to try and extend the game. 61-50 Lobos with 1:50 left.
Is such a cutie pie! What an amazing voice! I'm kinda starting to fall in love with him :)
Thank you for the RTs on our Career Fair & Networking Event this Wed!
Austin inspires me so much ♥
Amongst all the things that keep me busy, I have to also study for the US Naturalization test! At Whistler... instead of beers, studying :-(
just got home everyones bugging me now im single can take this tomorrow im getting my number changed
So true
my fav song! I put on a whole show last night in the bar bahaha!
RT : We're interviewing ladies at Bar Method today, new exercise studio in the Pearl AND we're sampling their ab/butt/thigh...
Can I get a follow back? :)
JESELNIK FOR THE WIN! : I just found out the other half of Dick Clark died.
Shoot me with your word. Kill me with your eyes. But still, like air I'll rise.
Additional $15M to the Ryan White Act
Funnest practice ever!!
thank you!
sweet. Im popping ny to say hello
#GWU students: As you tackle your finals, remember that your faculty believe in you. Good luck, everybody - you can do it!!
Had the most amazing Tuna Salad, thanks to & The best I've ever eaten, no joke.(:
Time for the move to first.. at least a few games a week.
Scheming.....patiently waiting.
When I met legendary Ennio Morricone for our collaborations in NYC I expended my hand for him to shake and he extended his for me to kiss.
heard it on the radio on the way back from the game (;
no:( I'm doing the 100, 200, and 4x100
Dam its a good
Pacers defeat Heat 78-75 in Game 2. The series is tied at 1-1.
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. - Viktor Frankl
Need to relax? How about a facial... 20% off today! Call 630-434-9053
Shit gets crazy in the heat.
going to miss youu too! Love you
I use a kitchenaid immersion blender and a magic bullet set alternately and love both.
Forgive the intrusion, but RW subscription includes continued access after graduating or leaving the university
This young Iowan Zach Wahls continues to impress. Props to #JonStewart for having him on.
isn't it funny that it's a Sprint commercial, but we all refer to it as the Doodle Jump commercial?
you all right there mate?
brain is starting to max out......mostly in a good way, but.......
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak 4/26 at The San Diego Junior League at 6 pm at 210 Maple Street 92103!
It's gonna be a Soul Shakedown Party tonight!!
Every time I look up, Mike Bibby is laying on the floor on the offensive end.
Awesome. The Malagueta's great - even January ;)
Im throwin signs its lookin like i gang bang im on the team its lookin like i gang bang im smokin weed my bitch she smoke the same thing
Kids going back to college? Handy Andy has some MUST-SEE tips for a successful move in day. Tune in live at 9!
it was boring
I doubt I'd like NYC. I mean, between the rats, and the people having sex in the streets. Which they only get TICKETED for, LOL
I feel bad for all the people who are following me that aren't Mahomies because I just raped their timeline with Austin lmao<3
That awkward moment when you know your bestfriend so well that when you see a tweet or status you can hear their voice speaking it ..
So glad that we can connect after a long time!
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.
There has been a Fatality in Henryville, IN. Reports still coming n on that
Until death do us part.
It's not everyday that someone from the New York Times contacts you. :)
"Pain doesn't tell you when you ought to stop. Don't let it stop you from being who you can be"
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: The South Shore's Finest Fish Fry.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. Aristotle
That crown of gold wasn't the Victory that Vyserys thought it would be-not that he's thinking that much these days.
When speaking of love and lost, time may heal all wounds, but there will always be scars
and it's rare it's that coldest have known we had someone fr Cali visiting who would cry about it lol
abc passed
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help
"I want some free lemonade" - Heather Heathcock, 2010
always but its a good busy. I hope you all are having a productive enlightening weekend!! I'm off for now, more in the eve!
I'm distracted by sharpie brain, and teens managing to blackout homicidal poetry.
We're big fans! But not the crazy ones!
Ryan Flaherty reference from Brenly. Flaherty, from Portland, ME, about hour north of Boston, got start for BAL at Fenway. Great kid - BB
u closed that bear cage I saw u lol
Hitting Silent Disco at 3. Headphones almost sold out. Get it.
Since im awake its time to get baked
i saw u n the "fagget" brian walking to the train lol
"We're women. We have a double standard to live up to."
yeah. Be there in six hours
Boyfriend music video on Tuesday! Cant wait :)
There is no such thing as CHOCOHOL ;-)!
Tribute to Mankind Cafe!
got to work early, sitting quietly, enjoying my bacon/egg/pepperjack biscuit when i got called to the "Smoking Room"...
$$$$ALERT$$$$$BIG PLAY COMING TOMORROW BE AROUND FOR THE MONSTER RUNNER$$$$$$$1530EST 5BAG PLUS PLAYERS$$$$$$$$$$$$ NO JOKE SOLID PLAY$$$$$
gross, I hate bug but it's funny howl you screamed the song instead of ah
how excited are you to see and I at the Chicago show?
I may not have a flat stomach, but my curves are just as sexy. This also goes out to all those curvy girls. You're beautiful. <3
Focusing on the task at hand! This was meant to be!
sounds great will have to try that
It was in bottom right of email.
"hey guys! That kid wants to fight you!!" *guys act all badass and run to bathroom* "GO GET THE TABLE!!"
I'm obsessed with omg such a bad ass and I love it!
Scandal I like this
A real woman would never pull a man away from his child
what a great exhibit. Unfortunately that song will be in your head for days.
using WP builtin shockwave support for PDF embed. Any other ideas for builtin support? Not sure if sw will be reliable enough.
Dear snow: I could use a snow day.
This is a lame attempt to get "ahead" on readings before the class begins, even though it's assigned for the first day in January.
you have no idea what I went through last year with my life . I'd rather be overweight than weigh 93 pounds again .
heyy we both want to win the contest so how about we both say we sent eachother to get it started for us?
Do you have something on your mind but not sure its the right idea? Well, give it a try. Try and fail is no disgrace!
according top social media it's now a toss up between the #MXpresidentialDebate producer and the trashy model in white dress
your welcome!
Had a handsome young gentleman place a hundred single dollar bills in my ample cleavage last night. Ahh, Tuesday.
gonna force myself to sleep. so ya, night. ✌
A member of my #bookclub sent me a handmade journal to inspire the #writing of my next #book. #sothoughtful #thepressureison :)
Can get a badge or certificate for that?
Damn....that sux! Well...for the rest of us it does. Lol. At least u tried. 1 Luv
Wow OKC going in on them Lakers.....
Big Estate Sale tomorrow 3465 Graves Easthaven
...also known as stripping for money?
I find it fascinating.
My teeth hurt. ):
Heartbreaker, land of the cheap but cute little skirts. $14
Workin out with my bro jose serrato. obssed with working out. Love it
I Wonder Whats Vinny Ganaa Say Tonight Bout The Episode Of ABDC .
Nope! is way too cool to be me. I'm scared of tattoos and piercings but we both <3
whoa! I think your #klout score just tripled. I gotta check out your influencers
rockin out #mylifeII till #terminal5 Wednesday! I don't mind...saying' I...love you!!
Yayyayayay I want to see your face.
Tune into on the CW at 9 a.m. to learn about a free theatrical show put on by and SDSU music education students.
Same shit every day.... Thats sad...
Lana Del Rey is not the single most original artist of my lifetime. So I fucking hate her.
So done.
as it should. He's a fat dbag.
QT : How you gon diss Lebron in a song and then go to one of his games? (Who? Tyler the Creator?)
thank you!!(: hahah I just love <333
Could be super dope
Leander Paes wins third straight doubles crown in Miami
I think I may be a little too punchy to use Twitter.Confusing
Finished she's walking away with the crown
out the country?? Take me contigo
That's about the only thing that pulls me away from language too...
yup. Sure am. Looking at a few apartments. Gonna be moving here next week!
dr martens are like the best thing ever tbh!
#Imagine You and Zayn are lying on the roof, watching the stars. He turns around ''You're so beautiful.'' He kisses you passionately.
Good morning everyone! Do work in what you guys do today!
No problem!
Just picked up Daughter of Smoke and Bone... oh boy, this writing is just INTOXICATING and I don't know why...
WooHoo! Just set up Apple Configurator to sync our iPads...Will check in morning if it all worked :)
Man I miss playing football. Shouldn't have ever gave up that dream.
I know, it finally had to happen! On my way to dinner, no less, with who is way more of a sport about it than I was.
I picked up the water bottle cap in accident and put it in there lol.
mostly wanted to talk about TEDx and Startup America!
I'm in a fantasticly craptastic mood today.
Well my day is going to be amazing cartier i started it with glee
I nd new music
That's awesome.
omg I'm dying
Thanks for the support! We appreciate it.
Takin a early shower
crucial turnover by
Just ate my bodyweight at kenneys. bout to go eat a shit fuck of pie.
Just ate an ostrich burger. Curious.
gs, which team do you guys like? sharks or kings
Really? They took you seriously? RT People. My goodness. Joking.
Watch tomorrows episode of on NBCSports Network and see my Dad fishing w/ Baja Pirates in Mexico!
my homeroom teacher made cynthia cry more than she already was >.>
When Mexican people want to go out for Mexican food do they say "let's go out for food?"👨💃
over the past 24 hours, all three of my meals have been chilli. ow
How was your food?
JEREMY WON THE BIGGEST LOSER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #JEREMYISTHEBIGGESTLOSER he lost 199 pounds!
Firstrowsports has it
Just tapped, Afterburner IPA (replaces Port Brewing Hop 15)
Bully left you enraged?
vote for missnjusa Julianna White She is from South Jersey and is my niece
I did, I did! It was awesome!
If you could describe #car2go in only three words, what would they be?! Let us know!
Playing noise music into the 'voice search' feature of the Merriam Webster Dictionary app
lol rubber tongs. U were rollin reporting that story. Good 1
Meeting on sunday in LA, with a potential client.
That's foul how the Spurs using the "mob deep" theme music after the Knicks bench called their-self mob deep. And Jenobli hit the 3
Sounds like a great cause to support.
I think her phone is going to blowup when she wakes up lol sorry
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!!! I know you're not reading this.. I'm start to crying
When you read a lot of their Wither The Mountain Towns of Colorado coverage in one sitting, it becomes really obvious
It's always fun hanging with you and . cc
Maybe you should think about your choice of words beforr you tweet them.
Was watching in Beloved ! That movie is creepy yet good <3
I just condensed the people im following. No offense I just dont want the same thing from 20 different people.
haha ya,,, part 9 is up now to :) im done writing for today :) i hope you like the story
talk about big data!! We really need to start thinking about retention limits for all this data.
totally agree - my best informal training sessions have had an overall guiding structure, which allows freedom to explore.
enjoy. I have a feeling that tonights speech will be special.
ALZM .0279 up.. cant step away for 1 second on this one....
Backing the Giants in the SB!
Working on Photoshop for Gia Fragalli Creations!!!!!!!
Who knew Dunedin could be so much fun?
we bout to trade then for a porn shoot
": Say "DIRECTIONATOR" really Fast and you'll get "Direction Hater" #justsayin"
Wow just lost half of his followers! Best of luck to him though.
I hope the "NO" is followed with alternatives The strength to say "no" to a manager when he demands an unnecessary course.
Jon Ippolito: components goes bad, screens increase resolution, CD-ROMs bit rot = "storage equals death"
IT'S HOT DOG HAPPY HOUR! NEXT 5 new followers win a FREE LOADED Nathan's Famous ALL BEEF HOT DOG...Tell your friends to follow HOT DOG OKC!
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. - Epictetus
wait you're in love already?
i know loving you is so wrong but i cant help it ;)
Why isn't anyone talkin bout Orlando? I think they're beatin boston or tha cavs. No one can match up wit howard! Beast mode
I'd eat that but it probably has aids
I guess money means more to you than customer support and satisfaction
Well, Happy Birthday! Or do I have to say, Burfday?
Hahahahaha my friend Itzel is like.... Idk, she's so funny maannnn. Love her
whoops. My bad. 😉
In what way is querying SQL easier? I always get hung up on things like left outer joins...
Sitting around the table with a pile of #storeysguides planning the future
nice! thanks for that and for coming.
i hope you had a good shave.
Hellz no. That song with the lyric <bubble gum tongue> ICK. Why is it still played on the radio. *changes station EVERY time* Rant over.
Dave Cole Spare yourselves from self-pity. It is always self-defeating. Subdue the negative and emphasize the positive.
My Mom is a BITCHH.!!
hi five! :-) I'm about to start my cleanse Sunday.
srry but that fight was paid for Cotto didn't put his all in the fight, cause if he did mayweather would be lookin like trash
#30MinutesorLess got me cracking up!!
rotfl. watching this video from a couple weeks ago. "don't be a pussy when eating pussy."
enjoy life!!! Dont stress mane!
++++ interview and dialogue btwn Herbstreet and Cowherd on ESPN radio today!!
fuck no I was like they need to speed up this process shit.
Edith Hunzinger, visits Düsseldorf as they prepare “royal” visit to the Seychelles
just sorted out a nice ajax pagination, sorting, and live search implementation with rails - this would make a nice tutorial
this is justification for not voting?
So, can talk about portfolios while I 'tut', take sharp intakes of breath and vigorously shake my head? Awesome!
lol he shows no emotion
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Cinnamon Apple Syrup 4.45 / 5 Stars | 54 Reviews by Lauren "Apples simmered with sugar and cinnamon.. makes a gr
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Just cause we're such strong minded people. But I'm thinking yeah cause we're so fuckin lovable lol
Thanks! Is there something wrong with the color? I look like I'm dead, but wearing a lightsaber for a tie.
"you don't know how ya met me, ya don't know why, but you can't turn around and say goodbye💚"
There are two kinds of secrets. Those we keep from others. And those we hide from ourselves.
tell me what u think
to be in a cutscene
We're working on a brand new homepage and instructional video. We can't wait to show you guys!
Something i hate is looking down on my arms and looking at the scars i have from my cuts
Ciroc Peach is great mix with V8 Splash fruit drink
Chi-town!
Can you imagine how terrifying it would be to actually NOT know the difference between your ass from a hole in the ground?
I Can't Wait To Show You All What I've Been Working On ! <3
2 ways to play in Hollywood, on a winning team, or a losing team. Pick the right one!
it's ok friend
Good list. But don't forget Leon Searcy!
Lakers got this one in the bag
B'cuz they use to swallowing
and duet is one of the best I've heard in a long time
lol how long is it a day ? Like a full school day o que ?
thought so 👊
what up!?
You had me at the guacamole...delightful read or "bite"!
Nice post Heather! Just subscribed to your feed.
Hello and good morning, I hope everyone has a nice week! What are your plans?
RT : This one for clean-water plumbing. ·
Did you catch a game this weekend?
Kosher prisons spend millions on food for non-Jewish inmates - Haaretz
sounds like the bizarre in DT baghdad
Im hungry..
Did you get kicked out for dancing on the bar again? RT : Officially boycotting average Joe's. As should you.
Just downloaded PPT and DOC for #au2011 class:Real Projects,Real Math by Hoping for a screencast. Awesome.
I just realized it's already the 17th. This month is flying by fast!
Gotta love trash T.V. aka Jerry Springer show
how you been?
Jumped 17'3.75" in Akron. But that gets me nowhere
In the midst of NBA & NHL Playoffs, the NFL gets 39.6 M viewers for the #NFLDraft WOW!
interesting new music day: the decemberists, florence + the machine, and uh, metallica with grandpa simpson
yes...cool
Watching #AlamoBowl - what a shoot out! Never thought I'd say it, but go Huskies.
Those be the fake ones...that remain fake
i need a vacation
Austin, why don't you wear your puka necklace anymore? D:
Excellent. See you next Tuesday.
Ego--from editors, other agents, other writers or myself.
Starting to paint Mets new stadium Citi Field-it's a little like the front of New Yankee stadium. Lots of details to paint, that's good!
Assville's getting absolutely screwed.
How to show a customer you care - drive 17 hours through the night to package & ship their - New Orleans -->
At the salon and I need my hair re-bleached. Why is the owner/my beautician in the Dominican Republic! Everyone is lost without her. Ugh!
Hey Ceasar! Was listening to Beastie Boys and realized haven't checked in on your tweets! Be well mi amigo!!!
RT : Prisoner of Her Past is now scheduled to air in LA! We are at 397 broadcasts and have reached 74% of the country. Wow.
Video shooting for the next video will begin next week? You excited?!
well keeping busy is good
A lot of people are just starting to pay attention. Many more will waiting till the weekend before. And many never will.
then some hints please. Or u can just dm me. I wont say anything i promise!!
Team rankings were too small on my bracket to read so picked my teams "blind."
"If you didnt fuk with me then what make you think imma fuk with you now"
thanks Joe!
Hyped for PLL.
Hi and thanks for the follow. Cheers!
Beautiful day at Folsom lake today. Grateful.
well it's true :3 lol
When my phone won't work<<<<<<<
ohmygod im going to puke i just watched the boys get voted off waterworks = on
Osama Bin Laden is dead. Please be mindful/aware. Though we see him as someone other than admirable, he had people who thought otherwise.
We're out on I-25 right now where we're finding more problems with street lights. And PNM is making changes because of our story on KOB
RT compared to the tour bus, my bed at home sucks. i fall asleep and wake up in the same city?!?! what fun is that? my house needs wheels.
Loving Contre jour on my iPhone. How can one game be sophisticated, adorable, and this much fun.
Busy, busy - We're prepping for the trunk show this weekend at ! Looks like it's going to be a lovely weekend in NC!
Yes. I have a Teboner.
Maybe im with my family
On my way to NYC! I wonder if there is anything cool this weekend?
Math was invented to Murder And Torture Humans
I need to get the #LifeProof iPhone case soon
Britney has a concert that day :( soo sad she won't be there!
WHEN YOU’RE EATING AND YOU SEE SOMETHING FUNNY.
Take (YOUR) picture baby! Tonight OUTinCHI will be at Roscoe's Tavern! Show us your green!
WOW. Can't believe you did this in one weekend!
#OHMYGOD I need too get out of here.
Wanna hear a joke? :D ....you.
`Hunger Games&#39; heroine Katniss makes archery cool for kids, minus the hunger and killing stuff
Blue eyes... Hi. Last night was interesting.
I want to o so badly!!! What weekend is it?
Had to switch my avi back because of
ha!! Same here. Wat u doing today?
I was going to RT this...
& His Next Album Gettn Ready Too Cum Out !
in class today I wrote a story about my experience in THG...but unfortunately I was blown to bits before the 60 seconds were up.
&#39;Bohemian Rhapsody&#39; — family carpool jam
hell yeah
You'll never know how many times I've laid in my bed all night just thinking about how much you mean to me.
Did you pay your rec fee? For $30 you get access to the weight room, pool, gym, intramurals, and fitness classes. Pay in the Nat Pro Shop.
NEVER GIVE UP!!!! RT- “: I'm so upset I've called 106 times lol I WANT TO TALK TO HIM.”
Why is Ten Things I Hate About You my absolute favorite movie? Oh right, because I'm completely in love with Heath Ledger.
nig nag paddy wag
I SEE YOU
Just got told that I'm the nice lead :D
Dealohhh.com is currently looking for two sales reps for our Tampa Office. Inbox me for details. Serious Inquires Only
Everything is so wrong.
Fantastic. I know you'll love it.
What if one day i wake up and i dont remember anything, not even you? Will you remind me how much i love you?
An early HAPPY NEW YEAR from PregameWinners!
The Office Season 7 & The Walking Dead now streaming on #Netflix... YEEEAAHH BUDDY!
Happy Corporate Mandatory Affection Holiday to all! Remember, love is made, not bought.
I need some yoloan friends.
...I know you all wanted to know that. Kbye.
Going ahead and takin my tylenol because I know we r gonna cry
“: Hey Sirr”Good morning, Ms. Potter. :-)
well I said I'm sorry so many times babe, idk whatelse to say?! I told you if we got back together I wouldn't!
omg i love when people understand my pervertedness.
Why do managers bring suitcases along to away games ?So that they can pack the defence !
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the Day are Mushroom and Broccoli. Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
A new beginning starts with freedom in Christ -- There is NOTHING that the world can offer that can compare.
hi, Joe. Thanks for following!
My crazy day starts now...🙏
Just had a heart attack.. My 6yo son just told me he has a girlfriend - who coincidentally used to be his friend's girlfriend.
Thanks for the follow Lorena!
Jan Schaffer from ruffling some feathers in #bitsbucks panel. Says most journalists are not equipped to be entrepreneurs.
Had a blast jamming with y'all!
Hi John, thanks for the kind words :) :D
I fucked wit Tupac dont get me wrong but Biggie rapped better...i related more to Tupac tho kinda touchy subject to some folks lol
"Evil Murmuring Flies" - that pretty much sums up this synth patch!
Just finished watching Dexter on Showtime. What a great episode!
Vanella is everything like chocolate.
when is the plane ticket ready?
regular snack/meal in brazil, the "bread with egg" :) (always french bread) - it's really good!
Submitted my grades for (probably) the last course I'll teach
Today makes 1 month me & have got back together after 5 years of being apart....I love my girl Always&Forever
me: too much Apple news in today's NYT technology
Awe shucks. Thanks twitter friends for all the shout outs. You all ROCK!
AR welcomes back the Heathman Hotel Kirkland. This hotel is perfect luxury. Visit the website for specials and packages today!
maybe. You know where to get spectator passes?
Come make some tissue paper flowers for Mom. They'll last longer and she'll like them better than store-bought ones, 3PM:...
Haha I swear never get tired of talking to each other. No one understands us like we understand each other. I love you, Lils!
k but u got to say hi n wave back too! C:
He said I'm the TRUTH!!
Thaks for the tweet
“: It was great hosting service this weekend w/ She's first class in everything she does!”
Suck my cockiness, lick my persuasion.
raiders for life
today is friday the 13th...haha its my lucky day!
I really hope UNCA wins. That'd be so epic
When someone dosent answer my text right away I feel like they ate texxing someone more important than me:\
Thx for following Y'all are awesome! I'll send some tracks when my album is done in June! I've got a feeling about
He's amazing, gotta love em' (:
ICE CREAM OF THE FUTURE
I'm putting in the call for Kinsler
the answer to prayer is not according to your faith while talking but according to your faith while working Wallace D.Wattles
Hey! No, I don't but, I'm about too! Thanks so much for following!
Philly tomorrow
good. im glad it turned out so well!!
You are on fiya! :)
you're a quote within a quote. Are you drunk again? ;-)
Btw women don't really give a fuck how much you can benchpress.
and by the way good for you...keep going strong...SUPER TWEET GIRL!!!!
RT : Welcome to #s4pm tweetchat on what characteristics make an empowered patient? || #hcsm #epatients please join us
CHICAGO! T.G.I.F! But make sure Monday starts off just right with one of our cakes! 855-454-4500
Peanut and tree nut allergies are our family's biggest challenges
Already found a huge flaw w/ #GroupsForSchools: Listing for some colleges is wiki info page instead of brand page
LAST TIME I CHECKED (which was just seconds ago) I WAS A REAL WOMAN...
Taking the weekend off - catch our next show at COPPERFIELDS @ fenway on Nov 4th - put on by - thanks guys!
You too! Thanks for helping me get to follow me back tonight
Oh your a good girl? That's cool I play pretend too
Cary Grant Film Series to Debut - Barrington, RI Patch
annoying little brat!>:/
Looking so forward to partying w/ for #NYE #BodyEnglish ! #playmate with a huge heart!
Even got a joke in on my weight yesterday. I held my tongue tho. 
I am. 2nd car from Front... You?
dude, what's up?
I feel indignation.
send me the pictures
Headed back to b-lo to get my shit
Hahaha! That lamp is so fuzzy! :D
Thanks but just like , it takes a great team, or uh, a village. Who knows? Either way, can't wait for May 10th!
Did that just happen?!?! MIZ!!!
Would like to extend an invite to upcoming #entrepreneur event in Miami. Can you follow so I can DM details?
Four paws versus two hands...I'm not sure who gets the thumbs up in that contest.
get what I want. I'll love you through whatever , I promise you that.
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. Richard Brinsley Sheridan
Live every single moment of your life like the world was coming to an end
*praises dances but then falls out into laughter*
Adam is the slowest bartender!
La :p & what grade you in?
Who wants to go to the soccer game with me?
awww but y??
I AM!
Go follow he is the Shit.
A full cup must be carried steadily.
Bad day for insurance companies first farmers now geico crash out in the race no wonder nobody wants to insure these guys
Unfortunately, Dead Island is whatever.
Guy Fieri says gays weird him out. I think I speak for most gays when I say the feeling is very mutual.
Have you tried our spaghetti and meatballs yet? It's a recipe from Leo and Sandy... Don't miss out!
haha yep! and im making a Cody Simpson fan account and a Ryan Beatty fan account :)
#scholarlycomm #erl12 I will try to tweet this for as long as possible, but my battery is dying...
Suspicious smell ...
Today was a GOOD day
I wondering if #Tebow has made enough money to start a car dealership??
haha you can always hope for the best though :)
At wal-mart! The one near my house only though.... (:
Dreamt that was the keynote speaker...at my birthday party. All my dog pals were there.
hey man I'm sorry I ain't got back to you but I do want to come over there play Kathy's?
We should have structured it so that if #SuperCommittee fails, their ability to raise reelection funds would be harshly capped
See you in four years, Leap Day.
west west pops how my angel doin
My annoyingly long day was just made all better
got school tomorrow , soo tiered but your WORTH IT
Ford opens new plant, vows major local sourcing of parts - Chicago Tribune
Thanks for the retweets.
still seeing copy cats jus goes to show people cant think for them selves
I think it's a nice hash to pin on those psycho GOPig sociopaths
Skype...thank you for time with my family and friends tonight...let's do it again soon, C
More water. Keeping it hydrated today.
Working on #ExtremeCouponing again tomorrow! I'll tweet some pics.
The stars are beautiful tonight
I really want some ice cream!
Don't complain about others being in your business. Especially when you make it public, via Facebook.
Camperfest? I'd be interested.
On a scale of 1-10 (1=not excited 10=extremely excited), how excited are you for National Letter of Intent Signing Day tomorrow?
If you don't have any kind of plans for your future ..
PRACTICE being a leader over your life & start with believing that you are valuable & have something of value to offer yourself and others.
block party?
lol hm text me (: n he's yours 
The most romantic gift to me is getting my car detailed. It's the best stress relief to feel like I have a small area of my life together.
...the misery of being exploited by capitalists is nothing compared to the misery of not being exploited at all. Joan Robinson.
At our event to talk cities, tech and planning. GREAT turnout! Stop by 630 w 6th st in LA...
woo can't wait
The author was in the office yesterday for a meet-and-greet with staff. She was great AND her mom's a librarian!
While watching #DWTS, my young niece and I danced the Argentine tango. She loved it!
“If you want to work on your art, work on your life.” ― Anton Chekhov
RT : Women's history: Sadie Tanner Mossell Alexander, 1st African-American woman in U.S. to earn a Ph.D. in economics,...
I love milk so much. It is so good and creamy and delicious. I love it all the time. I could fill up my bath tub and take a bath in milk. :D
RT White House CIO Describes His 'Worst Day' Ever: dcblogs writes "In the first 40 days of President Barack Obama's......
enjoying my mini vacation back in the SIPP from ATL and the comedy stage. I'll be back on stage next week tho cant stay off of it too long
- love your imagery, your passion and your word choices for your #poem you are an amazing #writer and
#ebook people, Anna Quindlen is tweeting about her new book. = publisher. I told her we're paying $78 per copy
whats good bro.
2. in the middle is the night saying,"Who is worthy? Who is worthy? Only the lamb!" & u praise Him & can't go back to sleep!..
- I'm craving a bit of debauchery. Where are you, sinfully delicious?
I'm not obsessed, I'm dedicated. I'm not crazy, I'm in love. I don't like Cody, I love Cody. I'm not a fan, I'm a Angel.
I can feel Stevie's hyperventilating from here. :(
It's ok everyone - Paul Maholm is one of the game's top starters and the Cubs are a potent lineup with Reed Johnson and Ian Stewart
shut up! maybe I'll buy your extra. meet us at the Depot in a little bit?
Since school wants to smd and not let me wear tank tops. I wore my deepest V today. :D
KNEW IT. He just does so much stupid ish people starting calling him a troll lmao
This is our only hope. But, we have to remove the GOP RINOs or start supporting something like the American Conservative Party.
"My mother had a great deal of trouble with me but I think she enjoyed it." -Mark Twain #HappyMother'sDay to all the moms out there!
Take steps to fix the effect of stress on you. I guarantee you’ll be glad you did.
thanks hun (hugs)
Frances Arnold - Evolution is beautiful, why not use it to build the biological world?
what up
Sucks to be a #Saints fan right about now, Goodell Ain't playin around with that one year suspension of Payton!
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69$ Divorce. Tampa - Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
Broke down and got Nars Sheer Glow in Stromboli...Hope this one is my HG Foundation..Package came tonight
yeah yeah yeah. Baby steps. Baby step!
miss your face too! Weather is finally letting up in SoFlo. Get down here lady!
Andy will play the role of savior once again.
#OECD Copenhagen output: Gov subsidies KILL entrepreneurship...
: This publisher wants more info from you.
I dont want a perfect boyfriend. I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well & loves being with me more than anything.
Revenge, nah I'm too lazy. I'm just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up.
love that one!
Keeping an open mind, applied to teaching English in South Korea and working on an application to teach in Vietnam--my preferred location.
so is missionally not a word either than? Haha
Just saw willie north pole
yes they deserve it to
Most civic pride @ arco I've seen from sac in yrs
NEVER expect you should be handed anything without putting in hard work or effort..you will fail, definitely.
lol trying to find ppl who can dance
No more numbers
FUCK YEAH!!!!!! THE ARTIST WINS BEST MOTION PICTURE!
lol true. Especially if its anything done by Kanye
You know, looking back from now, who knew that in 4 or 5 years you'd be nothing but Chum Lee.
I was at a casting call for
You are welcome! Hope you had a great holiday!
Can't wait to see my sister tomorrow!!!!
how that was not 4 penalties is beyond me
But that still affects most people who normally park there - and displaces a lot of cars.
of course! this gurl got SWAG! and imma BEAST! #I'mNotBraggingI'mJustSaying
Record High Temp of 91 degrees was tied yesterday in Evansville. This tied the record set in 1949.
Mayor Coleman wants an NBA team in Columbus? Guess we're gonna need a bigger casino.
Trying to cross on my street is ridiculous, cars everywhere! :(
Only 3 bars in Boston showing the , waiting in line while the first main card is starting... So bummed
Spencer Hawes is the new Sam Perkins
Network TV needs to give you a place to share your wit and wisdom. We'll call it The Sanz of Time.
Come in costume for those who have an appointment on Halloween!We'll be giving out gift cards for Most Scariest,Most Funniest,Most Original!
Where it all began | Free Scholarships Blog
If you put it down RIGHT . Play your cards right maybe we can fall inlove < 3333
I need help. No resistance to the Peeps, and I cannot stop!
Cant believe Kim K. and Kris H. are getting a divorce. Or did they already? The wedding was beautiful and they made a good couple. Boo who.
Watching 's final show getting goosebumps. Cant wait to hear more from and ! Loving Schematic & River James
Stayed up to late last night. Cats got a W though.
I would love you the most if you started listing distribution channels on content pages
Second first semester of graduate school complete. Psyched.
That's why they made whiskey.
I try to disguise my complaining as humor :-)
High School Basketball Team Camp had over 200 teams from 14 different states in town the last two weekends for two great tournaments!
Thank you to "EQT - Where energy meets innovation" for sponsoring the stage at the 2009 Indiana County Fair!
3-0 victory! Post-game report/thoughts and a video or two tomorrow.
Co- Pilot by check it out at www.whoistrillogy.com
fuck. i still didn't finish my homework. no more games for me, gotta finish. -spazes out-
Bring one into the slave... I'm down to support ☺
An average of 10 gallons of your water footprint is lost to leaks.
Rob Zombie
real clever.
All i want is a woman who tries for me
really ? so its no coincidence i tweeted this then ;) . . It`s true though .
I love how all my school buddies have Twitters.♥
What an awesome day for an Easter Egg Hunt!
If that ain't a good argument for Zero Population Growth...
Fly away my little one! Fly away!
Order sent to Tess in MD!
that's right!
#nowwatching all of covers and original song<3
I have mastered the gf/vegan choc chip cookie. Will bring you some once my oven is fixed.
well, to be fair, he did kind of present both sides (now)
Covering all your bases with those parenthesis and brackets..lol..
Omg. #rupaulsdragrace has a bigger stage then the #newnownext awards
loved in the Lifetime movie "America" back in 2008! :)
The early bird gets the worm. Early people need a nap at 2pm...
Thanks for following, Aaron!
and then we'll push the fat sultan and the little princess, off a cliff.
Thanks, girl! I will be there. :)
Loves gonna make it allright
Canvassing for Obama.
I'm going to hell hahaha
Having a good day in West Allis. Truly an underrated area of MKE. Very friendly people, quiet neighborhoods, & great Wisconsin businesses.
Were you a college entrepreneur?
Happy bday ninja. What a crazy day. Back on my grind.
you rocked it out! Good job, Erin!
You're fast! That's right! The annual Kumquat festival is held in Dade City. RT : kumquat
on the way!
girl i miss them they crazy but them my <3!!!
At #halloweenieroast instead of watching cardinals give away a world series...
haha thanks you spell check :p
I don't really consider it reality tv. Basketball wives, kardashians etc...that is to me.
That's like when my son wakes up in the middle of the night, and I pretend I'm dead asleep so my husband gets up.
I'm a whole different person when I'm half asleep
Outstanding tacos at truck at #BeerFest this weekend!
Major post-apocalypse vibes in dowtown Austin today after #sxsw. Where do we go once our 3 story Doritos vending machine tower has fallen?
so wet
SAP(R) Applications Certified for Oracle SPARC SuperCluster
Your not alone anymore. I added another to the playlist. lol
did you happen to see on the course today?
art gallery worthy?
I'm fine with that.
I love you, but I'm done trying, sorry.
"Mon Plaisir" is on the way 2 a final mix. Also features Grégorie Maret & Phil Vieux. Another Don "Lungs" Alias composition. He's so missed.
My courage
Debut at tahoe? RT : Rocket Man!!
Will you take Mrs. Lindsay to formal? Pretty please! Hint: here she is:
Celebrate St. Patrick's Eve at Tavern Downtown Today!! 95.7 The Party will be broadcasting LIVE from the rooftop with DJ Bedz spinning...
I have not failed, I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I'm tired and grumpy and stressed out and all I want to do is watch a musical and go to bed early.
Quality begins on the inside... and then works its way out. -Bob Moawad
Getting my laptop set up for Kuali Rice Java training next week!
OMG YES.
Whoa, my husband is #CHS '82. Go Coyotes!
I appreciate this Pacers team. Its been a great regular season. Heres to hoping they continue to surprise in the post-season
y I gotta stop tweeting?
So, you can let me have your heart or I can snatch it in the dark. But either way, I'm getting all of you.
Woo hoo insomnia!
#gopack lets see favre on his ass. im looking to deliver some punishing hits!
so when are you guys coming to boston??
lol you know my dude is jeremy lamb compared to reggie miller
How about Trader Joe's parking lot at 11:30?
First week of (part-time, admittedly) re-employment in the books. Feels good.
COINCIDENCE is the way GOD stays ANONYMOUS
: well fairs and festivals are about to start and we will be ALL over!!!
You HIP ! RT '' I don't care how many games they lose, #BLOUSEnation forever.''
Talent can't be taught. Marketing can.
#inkilleen most women been ran thru by niggas from the army base
I love princeton so u already know i rather have ray cut his hair
I suspected that was the problem but didn't want to admit it. He seems very happy still.
What ever happened to love and romance? Guess its just too much for one to ask for :/
Hey guys what is up with u? Did u voted for me on the KCA? Well,thanks if u did and if u did not so do it! Love u ! Xoxo BM!
at Stratton Camera doing a rig-build for the Scarlets
is brushing her teeth
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...that d youth...posting all their issues, images and swear words...are ruining their next 20 yrs & don't know it.
Worlds wrecking no lie yeah yeah go somewhere else with that crap
Better yet, save that money for NBA finals tickets!
so I know it's early but i haven't been to bed yet and am all up on here so wanted to say a quick hello. I'll be on
I feel ya! Wassup, u back n da Chi? If so, I know u gettn it in baby girl...
I have so many boyfriends at the mall.
what's up everyone
i swear, if i have to see one more picture of you and your friends doing duck faces and peace signs...
I think Collison is better, but then you move up Collison's backup. I just kind of think Perkins sucks.
Totally true. Making clients look good IS my business!
It's cold in Houston. I never know how to pack for this place.
RT : Our new platform Workforce Skills for 21st Century Success prepares job seekers for today’s market – find out how at...
thanks for the retweet!
(1/2) Frequency of service is not the issue. Timing between connections, duration, and consistency is.
I bought a plane ticket, if that's what you mean ;-). I was too close to not make the effort to get to Montreal as well!
So true. Right RT : was easily the best show I've seen at the national. still trying to regain composure.
"Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance." ~John Petit-Senn
what's your favorite anime?
Spot on
Seriously considering asking my bosses if I can just crash on their couch. Yeah, it's one of those nights.
The #c4ljp presentations are impressive, also getting by far the biggest laughs at #c4l12 glad they took their show on the road for us :)
tell them to holler at good lookin out mang!!
Great Things Happen For Reasons Of GreatNess
Man, Friday Night Lights makes me cry on SUCH a regular basis.
RT That man be
Liking someone who is already in a relationship
March 10 - Second Saturday Family Dance - Fun dancing for kids and families with live music - Fulton Community Center - 503-775-6537
My love is your love. Your love is mine.
Dana's wish list: 2. A simple fix to make our economy no longer dependent upon exponential population growth. Hey, I can dream, can't I...?
good morning everyone got radio production today and um yeah im ready!
Love it. Great joke. Have to remember that one.
Dip dyed hair , belly button piercing
Check That. Back to nervous.
Happy Mothers Day!
You're never gonna let me take you to dinner at Skyline Chili and allow me to stutter awkwardly through a conversation.
On my way to Bandung :)
yes thanks. It's just a show.
That was a bad call
If your "so over Jelena drama" then stop fucking tweeting about it. Your just adding to the drama by telling other people to shutup.
wild to moderate is disruptive?
A-B, Coke, Pepsico, GM...Visa?
Wind blows. Literally.
Shorter on the #lastword "No pie for you!"
Louisville is spankin dat a$$ right now!!
BREAKING: #RIT Women's Ice Hockey announces it's move to Division 1. will join the #CHA this fall.
thoughts on the casino effect on clevelands athletes, most likely degens
And happy birthday to my second oldest sister Jewel (:
On way to HiHo Lounge for some BBQ & Mardi Gras Indian show. Gotta get home early. Gotta go 2 noon meeting. Rollin with it. Dustin it off
hey nice seeing you at the Kennedy webinar..lets chat
Boone clearly cheated on baseball pyramid...
Yes! In June for the Eagle Creek Triathlon with some of your Colleagues. may join in the fun as well.
Someone help me!!! I'm dying.
Happy Birthday!:D Love u <3
RAWKFIST!!! I'm now into yo momma jokes. Watch out citizens.
please follow me you and your sisters are so talented and I love all your viedo's!!
Let's go
Kudos to Maryland legislators for passing same sex marriage bill. Equality!
Thank you Elizabeth #Warren for showing Democrats how to fight the Republicans'
and the period. Oh lawd!
I'm about to flip the fuck out.
In order to do so we must seek the Holy Spirit for direction.If not then the world will perish for lack of knowledge and understanding.
Feeling quite sexy Cuzco I got hair dyed and making boss bitch moves on these hoes
RT : I can you hear you Korea. I'm shaking.
why didnt i ever get my code for the free weapons like the doa-12 and stuff for pre ordering
reno nv u??
Thanks again, , for sponsoring #HackingEdu!!
The blind side(:
Friday the 13th indeed
and a room full raising their voices to God, love this!!!!
both of those are the Rice of the East and northeast
um who are these people....?
engineers and trainmen.
and we can't wait to meet u as well! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY !! “: Ballston is patiently awaiting your arrival.”
Congrats for being my 100th follower! The Celine Dion poster you won is on backorder! *not redeemable for cash.
NIALLLLL (: i wuv you. where are y'all?
Sleeping Bag Season Rating This tells you, roughly, at what time of the year the sleeping bag can be used comfortably
Surround yourself with people who challenge you to keep moving in the right direction.
that beattape was cupcake sweet. never got to prop you. PROPPS dood.
Inspired. Will 'Vandaleyes' my mom for Mother's Day!
I can't help thinking Mitt Romney is Mr. Potter and PBO is George Bailey in It's A Wonderful Life.
Happy Easter to my Twitter peeps! Enjoy your day everyone! :-)
It's Patio Time @ Madison Street!!! Come relax with a refreshing Moscow Mule and our Backyard BBQ Cobb Salad Feature!!
#Walmart, because going to #Target requires a shower.
Yeah, those are interesting alternatives-- I'll have to look at them more closely.
just finished filming so fun.
RT : What about the word "understand" do you not understand? #movielinesyou'llneverhear
If it wasn't right in the first place, I am sure you wouldn't have taken the time to write it down. <3 Thank you.
I'm fucking mad af now mane.
Nice! Let's make it happen in June. We can swap crowdfunding ideas and talk social. :)
i like svu more than you.
One day u will regret callin her ugly or fat or weird
Thanks for the wonderful Velvet Pepper Purse #Giveaway ! It's a gorgeous set & purse!
Sure, I'll update the reservation. The more the merrier :)
absolutey - great info - hope it comes in handy for you author types!
yes, yes, and yes
None of us are responsible for all the things that happen to us, but we are responsible for the way we act when they do happen.
"Don't give cherries to pigs or advice to fools."
thanks for recent ActiveRain Boot Camp extraordinaire
What a good song!! Thx for letting me know about it!! #CountryMusic is always the best this time of year:))))
its good to know that when spell check fails me, I have you! :)
someday our paths will cross and you'll leave a permanent mark on me...
Nice thunder in #DC ;-)
Soo.. is a die-hard Beatles fan? Guess I like The Beatles now. <3
Had a great day filming #SuspiciousDensities on Sat. Day 2 coming up!
ahaha wait what, i should've kissed you is about chris brown? oops...
Hip hip hooray! RT Happy Birthday !
and I also hate putting the food back in for MORE time!
Mothalicka'. I get to see my boyfriend tomorrow!(:
No talent.
Can you believe the buildup?...It's nothing BHO actually says. They're just tying him to Bell. Bait & Switch.
How is the language we're speaking?
is having a hard time moving her arms. Back day is a hard day.
#shoutout to everyone who came to help with my music video this past weekend. You know who you are! Great job everyone!
Especially since Geithner, his Sec of Treas, has taken over HIS JOB!! He has! Read and spread articles on his actions!! Impeach!!
what you want like give me the cake i got some shit thats fresh baked
what is your favorite food mines is shrimp
Wishing I was in Germany, wrapped in an American flag and screaming at the top of my lungs.
Just tell them who you are. They'll move you to the front of the line.
Having your heart broken just means your human and it makes your heart strong.
Happy Hour $10 Special 4pm-7pm. 10% off dinner dishes for #NashaRashaNYC Followers w/twitter handle....THEN
"One of the most important things you have as a student is a .edu email address." - Bobby at event for
u never miss a chance 2 take a pot shot at baltimore
