Toxic thoughts are so dangerous because they leave no room for truth to flourish.
Fill up with two new gas related promos
Who the hell drinks corn whiskey/white whiskey straight unless there is a gun pointed at them?
Grendell rules the #TJLane should stay locked up after #chardon shootings instead of being on home detention. Lane hasn't been charged
We are all big fans of the Red Sox here @ The Place. That being said, we would like to tip our caps in honor of Tim Wakefield.
I thought the other brandi is riding with ya down there?
the lady in the pic did it after her...I remember because she crammed in by us rest of show screaming for Axl : /
I heard Wolfgang's food at last night's Obama/Clooney event was fabulous. Then again, no surprise there!
Your success is our success!
ill be in Miami Friday morning till Sunday. Meet Up? Email me a cell #
I'm wondering if the people at Google are using Chrome right now.
Holy Bud advertising dollars Batman!
u outside already ??.
Great seeing you last night, too. We appreciate the support and enjoyed meeting your man.
Um, so there's a clown sitting next to me.
Got to work and found a love letter a certain someone had hidden in my bag. Made my day. Thank you love...
Aj look sleepy over here
Gave up sodas now if I can just stop hittn the pipe. Crack is a helluva drug n my Rick James bitch voice
There are too many good #followfriday possibilities to do one this week from
Well tolerated and does not make me sleepy. Works well for my seasonal allergies.
Now hiring for all front of house positions! Submit your resume to or stop by Tuesday-Friday between 12-2PM
OMAR! No one he plays will ever compare.
you're welcome!
i want ice cream...
the best cafe in Baltimore and you've got to meet Martha!
I started paying attn to how much time i waste on this recently and was SHOCKED. Lol
I hope she says yes!
Get homeowner associations off your back for less than the cost of fine. 2 car driveways cleaned $95. Able and Ready Power Washing 325-3697
said he saw you Friday- did you guys have fun? I've never heard of Riverview Wine Bar...
RT : Happening now: Interview on #WTOP. If you have a question, use the hashtag
Here we go
#ThingsIhateIntheMorning a couple of hours of Sleep, Alarm going off to early, bad weather, Traffic, still dark outside, Freezing...fuck a.m
I ls that some Cee Lo?
make me one!
have you seem the new glee? boxing makes me gleeful.
we got into chicago over the weekend and stumbled upon what's now our new favorite colombian restaurant out on west irving park
Let's go ! Close this game out!
Following back so please follow
YES! :) yayayayayayyyay and you have to come to some of the games haha.
oh I do? Hah.
Dr. Rosene at Shorewood Animal Hospital is the best. 2 dogs. 2 annual check ups with shots. Less than 30 minutes and the pups love him.
Is the Wacom Bamboo Fun pen/tablet any good, do you know? I would like to get my first pen device for my new Mac.
long day ..
Ali made it happen
true. It's an interesting case study, to say the least, esp for "non fiction." Most examples are only for #transmedia in fiction.
Backstage right at the Rialto Theater! Ash has graduated to private dressing room status!
Ryan talking like he bout to give niggas straight buckets lol
Crackheads make anything look fun.
Prepping for a nice relaxing weekend with Molly and Henry! Too bad I have to be here on Friday - need to update resume or get more to do!
If u happy
SMH. White girls.
I wanna go to Grant's Spring Concert but I'm probably gonna need a ride.~
Gosh they thaught I was taking a picture of them when I was actually taking a pic of the teacher omg
:-) At Culver's w/ my momma.
Buying power by generation: Boomers = $2.1T; Gen X = $125B; Gen Y = $172B
my Monday has been great, just worked and went apartment searching! How is yours?
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading. LOL
sorry, i cant hear you over my swagg. <3
If you’re interested please call Lewis E. Roberts, Jr at 713-392-4041 or e-mail me at
Mike Dunleavy you're my hero
Lmao! If you took it that way 😌
Research the Right Product: A low price on a lousy product is no bargain.
Happy Fourth Of July everyone!
RT Summer classic schedule looks great!
you are going to lose!!!
Depends on where you are seeing them and who the promoter is. Often times, buying merch is the best way to support a band.
I will take any opportunity to remind people of how well I know CENTER STAGE.
RT : i've taken cover. ready for your sh*t to blow up.
I Should Have Not Said Shit
Babe you left me in the gutter
DINNER SOLD OUT! MJ CANDLE LIGHT VIGIL PARTICIPANTS MEET AT APOLLO NOT SYLVIA'S, ONLY TICKET HOLDERS ALLOWED TO WALK FROM REST.
Busy day yesterday and expecting another just like it today. Anyone needing tech or accounting work, please keep us mind.
“: Pls RT - Every 24 minutes a Habitat house is completed somewhere in the world. #affordablehousing”
im getting paid to go to Vegas in two weeks :D
Sign at 49ers game today: Forecast - sunny, hot, No Brees.
A player just bought me a shot! It was delicious because it was paid for with friendship (and someone else's money)
Make that *number one* in France.
What time does the next #SPOKES meeting start next month? Getting it into my calendar now.
I'll always think fondly on #2011, the year I switched from saying "terlet" to "tawlet"
hahaha! sounds like a lyric
cuuz she's beautiful? :)
New coach, something to prove, especially some old QB: Look for more balanced attack between run and pass. Controlled!
got the crabs again eh?
Some of the best LinkedIn tips on one page. Enjoy!
is takeover in ohio
Why did you answer the phone if you knew you couldn't talk? I could have left a message!
": it only happens..." master that accapella
if any #Denver journalists are covering how bad the unemployment office is, I can definitely give a quote or two.
Tiramisu - breakfast of champions
call 877-967-3375 and follow the prompts and they will take care of ya for the website. Tell them the problems.
sitting here thinking
Teaching a Logic Pro 9 theater workshop today at 2pm at the #Apple Store #SanFrancisco. Please come say "hello!"
You're very welcome :)
Halo Lounge is bringing Sensation Saturdays back courtesy of 3DOT Entertainment, with legendary DJ MadFlip. This veteran of the scene...
no problem! RT: : I wanna get to 1k followers by end of draft. Can you make that happen
You left me off your attendee list. :-(
So goodnight moon, And goodnight you, When you're all that I think about. All that I dream about. How'd I ever breathe without...
Political analyst says he's not surprised voters are focused on economy and basic city services.
In the #Philippines ? Don't forget to watch Deep Gold in theaters nationwide this August 31.
Waitng For David Archuleta <3 awe missing him since he did his last video :3
I was holding it in. Wind is scary!
This weather is beautiful. But I'm gonna need a little more. #letsgetjudgy cc:
I want school to be over so I ca just call him....
so, you don't know?
so did i
#iloveit when a guy actually does what he says he's going to, keep your promises for once.
You sexy thang!
The prompt is on Palazzo's page. There are four options
okay! Where are you going on vacation?(:
I saw! Lol, yeah those videos are cool and her voice just incredible!
this weekend sucks so bad that im actually excited for school.. now thats sad
Ur knife my back my gun ur head!
I need a nap
UFC & Dana White demand retraction from Cagepotato website about statements alleging White bet on UFC events
Do you only watch MMA fights or do you watch boxing as well?
I tried ... I really did
one of those times u juss gotta take advantage of the situation
ill think about it this way. i do dumb shit all the time.
The rest is silence.
Staying in Old City. Walking around Spruce and Pine. Stopped at WayGay Cntr. Great nabes.
fuyu. i love them.
I don't think Gortat is as happy and excited about this matchup as he was before the game.
Being sore from working out is the best and worst feeling at the same time.
The Bursar Booty Bandits strike again....
hehe thanks girl:)
#Walkingdead season finale!
Awww! Thank you:)
"The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind."
Come watch "Despicable Me" at 7 in the Forum tonight! There will be snacks.
Fish Fry is not just a meal, it's a culture.
It happens.
And yes. I commonly take pics of men on my walk home.
good :) I bet you are so brown! Lolz
driving around the city #bumping who run the world, girls!!! haha, rubberneckers are cracking me up.
#YouKnowYoureAFreak when you cant go a few days without sex. That means your addictied to the meat
you can chill..and not be a queer dad and text back its not a rule that the conversation is over when you fall asleep...
Vamonoooosss 0_o RT : Tonight in SA! at COCO LOUNGE... & at BOMBAY RANCH. #dj's #vj's
I am so happy tomorrow is friday... I am in need of a mini break. It's been a surprising week.
will you be joining me tomorrow night?
How To Get Cheap Airfares and Save Up To 90% Off Flights Hotels and More How To Get Cheap Airfares and Save Up To 90% Off Fl
My thoughts exactly! Hope all is well!
#Irene ...already over it
The world is full of secret places that are only open to the bold.
That Relationship that you have w/ your brother or sister >
Sleeping in | Tequila shot Sunday | — snowing in Texas
- I'm very excited to see what's to come!
Side effects of marijuana include watching all of Jurassic Park 3 on TV with commercials even though you own the Blu-ray.
JAMIE WRIGHT strikes out the side.After 7 #Dodgers 4 #Brewers 3
Don't wanna do homework!!
I'm in section 107. Where are you?
EVERYTHiNG CRAZY!..SHE BE READY TO BEAT SOME..i CAN HANG AROUND HER ALL DAY &&ND JUST TRiP...
Happy Indiana state band finals!!!
i have nothing but love and respect for you.
It is a very nice spring day with full sunshine in Chicago - a great day for soccer.
thank you so much, ryan!! that means a lot to me!! xo
o yea? Glad to hear that. You're getting great grades I take it. Is this your first year?
Woke up sore & still exhausted after 8 hrs of sleep. May, you better be good. You're my last full month as a 24 year old.
is impossible that you see that tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that that never will come true but im trust6
There's an asparagus pizza and a full machine of slushee margaritas over at Sunshine tonight. Yes, the windows will be open too!
#SportingKC plays at LiveStrong park now; you're at the wrong stadium!
haha, I've also seen scorching hot sugar shooting across the kitchen before. But, my sweet tooth might overpower my nerves...
Nothing is more sexy than a nice, big, beefy pick up :)
good to hear girl! happy wednesday!!
(Publilius Syrus) Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.
I sent it to the info address from your website. Hope you can make it. I'll stop by next week to reset my "Cajun low light."
What a birthday! Pens win, my iPad app hits no.7 on the charts...here's to a fantastic weekend!
Yes please. Plus, I get to ditch out of work early. Happy Wednesday for me!
go out!
Happy Hump Day! Bite Me Gourmet Sausage will be set up on 15 N Tejon. Come on down and get your hump day goin right! I'l be there 11-2:30
Alex can't act, I'm sorry he can't!
RT : You have to surround yourself w/great people not just IRL, but on Twitter too amazing what I've learned from YOU! Thank you!
today is evaluation day. Key word value. Do you have any?
hit us up if your a bassist with pro gear and want to play some sweet grooves ;D
Up next is How To Stay Ethical & Out Of Trouble, w/ from
haha I miss you too booboo 😥at least it's nice outside!!
Found someone to wait in line over night to get the foams for me! One less thing I gotta worry about.
TEEN WOLF COMEING ON IN 2 MORE OURS YAYYYYYYYYY :)
The French and the British saw the Emancipation Proclamation as a desperate attempt by Lincoln to foment slave uprisings
Afternoon coffee to try and beat this sleepy feeling. Only 3 more hours.
Just saw the ever dreamy Zac Efron in The Lucky One. Swoon.
I got Colorado St. Looking for that upset boys! Let's do it
only If you have the experience to back it up!
Poised Creation network is on a growth spurt.
Who is your favorite person to follow on Twitter and why?
Brunch time!
Why are some people real bitches?
Riding.. listening to Jeezy
Scary accidents compilation caught on video! Part 1
Just got off the phone with the Easter Bunny, he WILL be at our Great Westside Family Easter Event, for more info visit KUIK.com
If I had a giant chainsaw & could reach from the car window I'd chop thru mighty billboard stems watch them topple in rearview GA early AM
Dammit! I'll fall for anything! :-)
RT : omg , the phone call I just got from Mackena.... Made my night 10x better. I love her so much ! ❤❤
Preparing for shoots this weekend. Also looking forward to doing a shoot involving body paint and black light. Hm.... Interesting : )
Corey Hart signed an extension and is not a free agent next year.
Does Freddie Jackson look like Gary Coleman to anyone besides myself?
Remember those "Why does Rivers not like Rondo as much as he should?" Not sure that's the exact answer, but a double T there is part of it.
I like it when cheques come in!
I hate King Lear -.-
LOL! Guilty. Frat party > A/V issues.
There are 5 different political parties in France. But the French will tell you the Ctr Right always wins. agree?
This tanning guy is so charming!!
#motivated RT “: Dream big and take the next right action. Go for it.”
Excited and nervous. Waiting for the game this morning. #BRA x
please e-mail for a short-term temp assignment
I agree he would be best suited for Mockingjay. I'm hoping they just sign him to do both films.
#chivalry was murdered by women
And the last laugh goes to....Bill Gates.
ah. I see. Jumping to conclusions.
Many North Jersey folks, including my siblings, were rangers fans before Devils existed. But they don't hold office
I am selling my pics to raise donation money to help raise $ for a lost loved one. Please help join my cause. <3 Message me <3
As a #Spurs fan, I'm still having nightmares of Fisher hitting a #buzzerbeater like that one.
Same here! Will create a google gallery for you and Steve
what advantages are there to renting movies in iTunes? my tween son desperately wants to do so, but renting only lasts 24 hours. why bother
Never ending bullshit
Discover the airplane route to Enlightenment through the science of #kriya yoga.
Ray - Wilson road trip to VA beach to celebrate one graduated a stop at smithfield's on the way-the only way to road trip!
Getting ready to take part in the annual Walk MS event. My team has raised over 6000 dollars to fight this disease!
Welp, I'll tweet back in a few hours...
Can school be over already?
Last year people lost about $30 billion worth of cell phones
How are things?
First day of oscon. Two excellent sessions. One on Android development and another for using improv to build teams. And several good convos!
Live like you were dying
Wow I shudnt even be suprised
I workout!
COUNTDOWN: Only 24 hours until launches its group of independent business experts in Portland, OR. Get on board! Get excited!
#ilovealltimelowbecause they showed me, it's okay to be myself.
Tonight...if you're free, please come by at 8PM and catch playing some hot Delta stye blues!
Making sexy music in Music Theory
Went to daughters class to learn about Navajo weaving. Fun and very interesting. Kids had a blast. :)
your such a whore . god.
Time for a late night workout just to trick the body!!!
#20ThingsAboutMe im a southsider but i go to east Hah..
Yeah let's do morning then. Perhaps late-morning though...it'll be my only chance to sleep this weekend--Tough Mudder Sunday!
In Australia, a common Boxing day activity is surfing
NO WAY! That was NOT a foul!
Will you guys be there late? :D. I get free at 10:30!
My Yahoo email was hacked last night... I did not send you information on cheap viagra or work for stay at home moms... DO NOT OPEN!
May I test yours? ;)
Sherri K. DeWitt of the DeWitt Law Firm interviewed by the Orlando Sentinel regarding Florida's recent changes to the alimony guidelines.
Ah 4th quarter, why do you hate me so.
This Cialis commercial's symbolism for helping erectile dysfunction is the couple making out in a rising hot air balloon.
Pau Gasol has had the flu all year. Stick a fork in him.
then Phoenix is for you. We have dominant dive bars, Irish bars, sports bars -- That's why I love it.
Saw at my local library today. Too chicken to actually introduce myself, though. :/
"Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.”
nigga my waves natural no special grease no du rags.. u gon hair like KD lol
Trust the Lord with all your heart. Lean not into your own understanding & let Him take care of the details.
Pleasure meeting you. We'll be in touch.
'The Maya Prophecy, a novel' is now in production. Keep an eye out. It's coming soon
Can you imagine if Romney were Pinocchio? That damn nose would be in San Francisco before the rest of him got out of Boston.
makes Instagram look like they don't know what thr doing.
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible. – Charles Caleb Colton
‘Abdu’l-Bahá warns friends at Mrs. Parson’s home against literally interpreting divine scriptures.”
No way, I think you're what they call an #honestcataloger. I bet when I finally learn AACR2, ALA will let RDA shine.
Attending the DSLR Filmmaking Color Grading Workflows webinar with
Yeah, exactly.. I still have those bats LOL
I guess "curiosity" will always look misspelt.
fed gov like a 10x walmart $ size company that gives away $ and power. Creates different culture. NIH alone is 30 B
glad you were able to make it out last night! We thought it was great success.
I want to go see The Avenger
Only one death in the Ohio school shooting...nowhere NEAR enough to tell the NRA to kiss our collective ass. Guns kill people.
what up home skillet
Went shopping today.
Find what's wrong with the following statement: Chemistry Lab = Fun!
lol yeah right now you are
Many thanks to all of the subscribers who came out tonight for "Up Close & Classical." It was a blast!
im just sittin here wishin i waz with my girlz...the start of my new life
Perhaps those who eschew child bearing are doing the planet a favor? Having womb does not alone give rise to heart of a mother
about to join shuffles in his day-long walks around oakland, since that's safer than going to classes at this point
This time last year I was preparing to go to Egypt for a month.
flocka will you be my baby daddy?
work out after school monday through friday is fuckin sick with D-Hawk, jete, and malik
Thank you so much for getting back to me. can you name a title. I'm trying to learn my culture better.
random fact: Lawrie and Anrencibia SO have a bromance going on
Goin to bed now
it's pretty glorious. A gatling gun of 60 minute presentations. My brain is sweating.
COME INTO MY LIFE I GOT SO MUCH LOVE TO SHOW YOU... COME INTO MY LIFE I ADORE YOU... ;-0
thats because she likes you
told me to follow you:)
are geniuses, in making this great program!
I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful. ~Author Unknown
I concur, great name for a character on that show!!
very true :) just stay strong and be your lovely self that I know. Shoot I personally think you don't need a guy :)
Kids are talking about without knowing what the fuck is up. Fuck you.
What type of team are you building? And what are the critical success factors of team building?
PlayBook launch "late calendar" Q1 -
#20ThingsAboutMe I dont want to grow up , but I want to be trusted more .
#3WordsOfAdvice Women are INSANE
Heck yeah! told me you were teaching & learning at the same time. So awesome.
FUN. tune in now 920pm, win tix to . hear their new single 2nite on X EFFECT . SOME NIGHTS !
That's a huge compliment. Thanks man.
Hahaha! Opposite sides, so sad.
successful first (short) trip on the 405. thank goodness for Volvo acceleration and smart gps system from Mom and Dad! next, maybe the OC.
awww give my lil baby a kiss for me! Love him!
Tours will be canceled on Sunday 8/28. We'll be making another announcement soon about Saturday's modified schedule.
Earthquake in SF Bay? or is it just me feeling all earthquakey after full day of omg-eastcoast-had-an-earthquake chatter.
Putting together some final stuff - if you're using to recruit, send me your boards!
if you had one chance to go back in time, when and where would you go?
#InstantTurnOn Girls with tats
you're just jealous you don't have any...
some things in life aren't easy... But I finally had a moment of clarity. Twitter = distraction.
and I'm loving every minute of it.
I must say that i am tired thoa morning...Daylight Savings ugh! but with that said Have a Good Monday
Yessir early power play here we go
Cousin's hockey game today.
Wow i didnt get a shoutout /:
Can't stop watching Sons of Anarchy.
I need more followers!
At dinner discussing Chevy Stephen's provocative thriller, STILL MISSING, with
these modeks and actresses are trippy in hollywood!!!
Not at this time, but thank you for asking. We'll keep you information on file for the future.
No problem hipster : Thanks for your input.
i dont think theres much they can do. series is over. gasol, bynum, blake have to play the best games of their lives
Dang, havent tweeted in a minute
Gunsafesmithery.com has gun safes available now
I thought it was going to be "The Day After"
Haha! Their goats are very sweet and always pace along the fence when I take the dog for a walk. I've always liked goats.
..."Thanks fans, honestly didn't know I was close to 1,000 until I saw a fan tweet..."<NO...Thank YOU Curtis...
Does it exist? I would install it but I'm afraid my 2007 Mac Pro would melt.
I follow back every person who follows us so what u waiting for?
Oh yes! Probably one of the most beautiful, inflective and romantic languages around :) and quite useful in scholarship too!
Just realized it's TX Independence Day. Yes, that is a real thing. And yes, we do have our own Pledge of Allegiance. #IDidn'tMakeTheRules
Thanks for following me back, enjoy your day.
: Last time Bud Adams gave anyone a lifetime contract was coach Bill Peterson. He was fired after 1 1/2 seasons.
Good questions and thoughtful answers to regents by Biddy. These are big issues, and she shows real leadership in addressing them.
W. S. Gilbert~ My object all sublime I shall achieve in time...
Trying to follow Mike Riley's QB sub pattern at Wisconsin. Subbing mid-series as they're moving ball? Not fooling Badgers.
<sarcasm>thanks for letting us know about our expired credit card on our account before locking it.</sarcasm>
So that sore left leg/ankle/foot? Today it's a swollen and sore left ankle/foot. Thank goodness for remote desktop so I can get work done.
Thanks for the good news on the weather!
aw that's so great!!! My son is 7 too!! he'll be 8 this june!!
See? Those were useful skills!
Come on Brew Crew! Keep putting up one run an inning......trust me, it will work.
yeah, it sucks...
Do u like base? Do you like base in ur mother fuk'n face?
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled
I secretly live in hope that all of the twats out of my classes end up homeless/poor
Oh gosh he's here -.-
Guess not. Search Engine Optimization. I know enough to be dangerous, not necessarily efficient.
I'm reckless at McDonalds
My Daddy gave me a Name, and then he Walked Away.
Thanks for the follows !
Did you update your #windowsphone #kiddori app. It adds support for more than 25 entries. :-)
So so so proud of you today. You gave an amazing speech and it's been wonderful working with you the last year.
Waited up for the aurora borealis until midnight. But 6 a.m. is unpleasant no matter what.
So Happy for you :-D + But i dont live there -.- When will you come England and perform? <AB
Working on some logos for client.
Initially turned off by its title (which: rude), My Cat From Hell is a sheer delight.
Ellen Sweets is in the store tonight remembering her foodie friendship with Molly Ivins. Her bk is the perfect gift for yr favorite TX dem!
that is completely understandable!
If you have the ability to help someone...you should.
whats up love...
I'm really short...
red bull
what r your suggestions
performing tonight 8pm with , $5 fee and free beer all-round! #BeThere RT!
RT : Google turns 13 today. In the Jewish tradition, it's officially a grown man. Mazel tov!
Enjoyed a 14 mile run this morning in the Cleveland MetroPark. Nice to have friends to run with.
Why does my baby think Cocoa Butter is Chapstick/Lip Gloss?! :-/
I go to get gas and clocked in at $109. Whatever happened to the $85 fills?
that is how it should be!
who do you think you are- me?
Remember that talent agents & casting directors aren't sensitive human beings like the rest of us.
He defeated Death, Hell, and the Grave. He has risen! Happy Easter!
Yea i been lookin all over for him and shit but no luck.. i tried to hit his bro up on fb but no luck..
I did! I used to work for Pat at O'Malley Farm Cafe. Friday night fish fry and Sunday brunch also lines out the door.
Global inbound marketing solves this problem
omfggggg are you still watching glee? I just balled my eyes out.... fuck
What is the secret to a satisfying life?
I"M A BELIEBER AND I'M PROUD
LISTEN!!! Fine, you win this one, it is AWESOME!!! (let's keep it quiet, I have a rep to protect)
DROGBA GET UP
Did anybody else have a boring ass weekend?
Thanks to all who came last night! A special thanks to our guests from and Humble Pie!
I've told you and told you about that... it's not real. It's like a little play, you see.
You can't pay boating tickets online. I'm facing a nice little 2 hour wait. Next time on the water I will carry a whistle.
Get At My Borther The Next One To Blow FlyBoiz/Def Jam South Support Ur Music!!!
Really? I never know about that stuff... :)
is that an NCAA infraction? Lol
asacks ice cream :)
finalized my count of the Rufus King library last night: 3,714 volumes as of his death in 1827.
thank you, Kathy. Unfortunately she won't be home when i get there. She's a HS Asst Principal and she's chaperoning a prom.
Females be tryna smoke my shit, smh so disrespectful...
#wcmf11 Good advice: Setting up different friends lists on Facebook takes a lot of time, but is well worth the effort
Facebook launched in 2004 and since then has accumulated 500 million users. To date, there is no other example of success that compares.
Go to Gimme the Gig and live Chat with us
Got the lineup all finalized for July 17th @ The Haven in Orlando. Its gonna be SWEET!
Christmas is coming! Bring on peppermint season! (Peppermint bark, candy canes, scents, flavors, etc.) Sigh.
y dnt u broadcst on real station.The future of radio statn/nextgen soclmedia outlet www.cyberstationusa.com we have no format.
🎶always count on my love forever more🎶
B-A-H and The French Quarter Fest...6:00pm...Capital One Riverside Legacy Stage...see you there!!!
Blocked....blocked.
Look what you've done
JUST BECAUSE IM GOING DOESN'T MEAN IM GONNA HAVE FUN.
sorry twitter but i gotta say good night! *yawning* tired bye! *about to signout*
I know I'm goin Sunday again. Lol.
you're my bestfriend too. <3 till the absolute day i die. I love you so dang much.
is a design genius, and 's Prism tool now has a genius logo.
So long Davis.
"Uribe takes one up & in, then looks at Volquez like why r u picking on me I havent done anything!? Uribe is hitting 231" LOL Vin Scully
louisville on the comeback
LOL! Hope I'm roasting those words on a spit, but not holding out hope. Will be wearing more purple than orange in October.
Robert, do you need a special app to scan your cool designed codes or can any smart phone scanner read them? Thanks! Steve
hell yeah
Baking a Peach Pie to enjoy on this Great Sunday afternoon!
Jesus! I get home and not even C-Span is covering the Florida Primary. What's an electoral-politics nerd to do?
MT : i've literally been dreaming about the shortbreads i got during my visit. just found them online :D
Man looks at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart. I Samuel 16:7
only if I can be the best man buddy
just finish I10. 20 lanes jammed up and jelly tight...
To the sports gawds, please let the Cal football win tonite in Tucson!
I love Adam and Blake they are hilarious!:D
Someone yelled happy birthday as I was driving lol I have no clue who it was......
It's funny how I called you my best friend then you don't even give a fuck about me. You're lame as fuck.
Seen on a T-shirt: Fate loves the fearless...
i'm so sleepy, but im not ready to go to sleep....
De La Buena is playing at UWM Gasthaus tOniGht @ 8:30pm with one of our writers Sean Williamson! Dig iT!
CAN'T FUCKING STAND SHORT REPLY TEXTS
Classic movie line: "The pope told me to never trust the CIA."
Thanks to everyone who attended our workshop last night !!
"When a big company gobbles up a smaller one, only a fraction of the money is handed over up front" isn't universally true
that's a good start
Happy Monday! :)
Im going to get tickets though oh yeah the wait paid off
Innocent til proven guilty. theres no solid evidence, just propaganda.
REMEMBER: TONIGHT!! Our SEXY Art of Seduction Class starts at 8:30!! 555 Whitehall St. See you there!
oh shiizz!! This your spot??
It never ceases to amaze me the things I find in my coffee. Today...Mac and cheese. Ewww! I could do without surprises in my coffee.
Want somebody that don't really need you
I know and are Gona go hard for
why do they bother to put all these complicated designs on your toilet paper if your just going to wipe your ass with it and throw it away??
I love echofon personally :)
It feels good to just be rolling out of bed :)
I'm obsessed with the Titanic - this is fabulous!
thought you meant me. Lol
please give some love to our big man Gorgui Dieng. Big man is smacking the orange off the ball tonight against Michigan State!!
Thanks for the kind RT!
YOU NEED TO TRY OUT FOR COLLABATSEAAAA!
BLAZERS lost the last game of the season!
Fuck! I missed brian and Jeff eating at Ben's. So pissed. .comcnlbnl
Thx! Looking forward to learning more about #Haiti culture!
“: #whyInschool Do the teachers Always call on that one person that cant read...” hahaha
Nice to meet you, thanks for the add. So, what are you working on these days?
Not my type of game, but I totally see the appeal for the old school dungeon types.
ha ha Doll. Remember doing that too!
Start off 2012 Hyde Park As a new year begins another one ends, celebrate 2012 @ Keystone Hyde Park's New Year's Day Brunch! E..
Oh good!! My brothers HATE prom!!
Working on a new challenge for 2014! Further details to come soon.
Haven't been feeling right lately...... ;(
In Morocco...
Time to exercise the franchise...several local races to decide in #Milwaukee!
RT Jury done. 6 men 6 women. Lost 1 hour after 2 jurors dismissed for "legitimate concerns" 2 alternates.
": At the opening of the Obama 2012 Pittsburgh Campaign Office. Fired Up and Ready to Go." Hold it down brotha, fired up in DC too!
i really hope your tweet isnt about me
800+ delicious bookmarks successfully imported into a WordPress custom post type. It wasn't easy, that's for sure.
Today is one year since my surgery and man, I feel GREAT!
Ima #Asshole it's a part of my personality, it's what I was meant to be!
Lil Dusty wants to send a tex message ;)
thank you :)
#SmackDown Mark Henry is going to win
Great thoughts from ! Be concise and speak in terms of the other person's interests.
Apparently people complained that Running Man was a rip off of the German Das Millionenspiel too. Anxiety of Influence &c.
Go Pack?
ooc; First time: Oh. Second time: OH. Third time: OH! Fourth time: MOTHA FUCKA IMMONA- Oh.
display ads are the digital equivalent of a billboard but more targeted.
SO ready to get off work and head out of town.. stressful week <<
Interesting loyalty incentive: has a dedicated #stubclubmembersonly tap, with Bourbon County Coffee Stout.
If it wasn't raining I'd be eating a corn dog & listening to herm cain. but there's a limit. If and I went we'd double the crowd.
Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected.
Just want to thank everyone who reads my fanfic! For those of you who dont, it's about the boys in NEBRASKA! I'm 14 away from 500 :) Caitlin
Tally I might be on my way back...
i just think you dont want me to be a girl version of tristan!! haha yeah, i said it! ~Devin.Anne<3
"But Mom everyone failed."
#shoutout to weed cures and helps anxiety . I am very nervous now I wish I had some
Caffeine doesn't work.
who got fired!? I HOPE ITS NOT YOU <3
Only five more days till oysterfest at Harbor House. The oyster dinner on Monday is selling fast!
that's awesome! what style was it?
After today I'm wondering what Obama has to do to LITERALLY break the internet into pieces.
i really do like him ^.<3
Add a teaspoon of cold pressed oil to your pet's food every day to stop shedding, itching, scratching, dull coat and dandruff
It was a pleasure meeting you, CONGRATULATIONS, your a stunning woman!!
reposted them all....who's ready for PART 7?! :)
NBA playoffs > NHL playoffs
That's what yo ass get... #Freeloader <<<< always wanting shit.. Get a job!
Nap time 
R u going to the homeopener? Love lacrosse? Txt LAX and ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to entr 2 win a pass to c CROOKED ARROWS!
That combo of selfish self-awareness routed thru film & paranoia struck such an Allen-ish chord, without being derivative, exactly.
Play golf with the celebrities, SAG? That sounds as fun as mowing the lawn with high school basketball players, am I right? No? Not right?
I want to marry someone who calls me "love" rather than babe or baby. I find it so sweet :)
I miss you betch! Let's make dinner and put samourai sauce on EVERYTHING.
No. I was with my 'rents, sis and aunt. We were all lit up. Aunt was not. She got us back.
Look at the other one...not the old, abandoned houses. U will like the other one better.
In the past 24 hrs, I've seen 6 panhandlers in intersections in the city and both counties Metro #RVA we still have work to do.
Hello Kokomo twitter peeps!!
The stroke pan in Flame's paint node comes in handy on stereo VFX shots. And when you're trying not to shout obscenities at your computer.
Well Curtis she will be either pissed at God or reach out to Him! Guide her to the latter GENTLY though in her time!
Show in Paramount tomorrow with Phinehas!
go on blog tv then it'll be the best day ever
I like the show Glee but I missed a whole bunch of episodes.
Awww. That happened to me with someone else. It sucks. :( We can just pray for them
Hi Jim! Yes it is, hope all is well!
it's fantastic!!
Im ready to leave
Is mine in the mail?
I've got cravings for a vanilla cherry dipped cone and home made choco chip cookies
I mean, who hasn't? once killed a man in a duel with a boat oar. Incredible
I know that's right---which is why i started locing my hair the day after Thanksgiving
Noah, have you heard anything about AT&T doing this, as I am also grandfathered in.
PS. I like the Hanukkah-presents-every-day idea!
it feels good being single because i dont half to worry about arguing all the time and being unhappy i just want to live and have fun .
May the Christmas season Fill your home with joy, Your heart with love, And your life with laughter. Merry Christmas to you!
"Don't sweat the petty things, pet the sweaty things." - Creepy Dude
Oh my goodness today is the day! :D PLAYLIST LIVE!!
I'm a lesbian.
Saw a man offer a woman a tissue. When she didn't see him he shook it at her. Then when she declined he gave her a dirty look.
Hospitality is making your guests feel at home even when you wish they were.
RT critical blood shortage. Please donate if eligible or ask friends to give. One donation may help save up to 3 lives. More i ...
I bet you Kobe isn't saying anything to ARTEST. He don't want those problems. *Rockets*
Oh yea attending school for 3 days next week.
Love your work and you'll never have to work a day in your life. ;-)
Im swaggalicious I got swag Swag all over my feet blablabla SWAG lmao
Let me know if you have an extra Glitch invite. Cheers.
If you're an older sister with a little brother you get a fair amount, too.
we're good
The weekend ends the weak.
Ugh this math teacher be zonin me out
Hey there! I am well, thanks. I hope everything is well with you! Is it hoy enough outside yet or whattty?! ;-)
You people in relationships may be happy but someday it's gonna end and THEN whose face will have egg on it!?!?
It's rocket science!
A day late, but not a bit short. RIP Miss Etta James...the first black woman to cross-over on the radio...you got us singin the blues
Act like a woman . Think like a man .
We got a grant from the Heinz Endowment for our 2012 Season!!!!
Sunday is May Day parade! We're gonna be out all day...
Nice. Let them know the Internet says hi.
Just walked into the science buidling bathroom and there is this girl examing water in her bottle. Never know what u will see with smart ...
Oh ok hmm bt why u thnk they turn gay??
Breaking: So sad. Just getting word that the 18mo old Hillsboro boy who fell into a washing machine is being taken off life support.
Whatever you do in life, always give 100%, unless you’re donating blood. lol -_-
lol yep hate mis typing and not noticing it. thanks
so, she denied it, he broke his phone & he was talking to me on fb, once again you were right. i over react . lol love you xx
Lol! Heart is beating 2 fast, I gotta calm-down & focus... I must harness my inner Chi, before a workout, Meditation before concentration!
Today will be a good one 😊
Finally back in Pdx. Great trip despite loss. Hopefully we can break the win streak of KC this Saturday #LAaway out #skchome to come!
"3 main rules in relationships: don't lie, don't cheat and don't make promises you can't keep"
But hows the love life goin for you, i see you happy wit em
Me Too! : RT : Who's tuning in to #SharkTank with me? >>>ME!!
What is it with people wanting me to print, sign and fax things? I am totally not equipped to handle this technology.
Heading to the studio tomorrow morning!!! So pumped to show you all what we've been working on!
Back in the 252. Half-marathon tomorrow.
Just finished Charlie Chaplin's autobiography. Just like his Tramp, he's a gentleman, a poet, and a dreamer, always hopeful of romance.
"People, keep on tweetin'!" - Updated version of Stevie Wonder's Higher Learning
Unless 'Voicemail' is written on my back, say things to my face.
If you would like to usher and see ' s next show for free, email
Both Spanish and French sound AMAZING with a Southern US accent.
Don't miss our Special Offer: take 3 or more workshops in February and save $25. Deadline Friday, Feb 11th. Act now!
Occupy marchers skipping the square for now.. heading south on 5th.
Cmooon everyone follow :)
Books on books 50% off at Avol's, madison tweeps, including a few printing specimen books
RT : Blues will begin practice soon! You won't miss them!
Flashback to 2008 Texas Tech game.
Yes doughty??
Agreed, generally. Are you aware of CSR efforts that have moved to the core?
Think that 2OT K State game was best RT This is honestly the best game I've seen this entire tournament in terms of shot making.
is getting all his gay on me. Omg i feel like matching my shoes to my bag thanks macauley !!!
Happy Derby Day & Cinco de Mayo! Any celebrations or horses you're pulling for? We know.. you'd rather be
Hey , can you tell us a couple of your favorite out of school programs for high schoolers?
We have everything from fish frys to cajun dishes to Kansas City Ribs. You name it, we've had it.
It's perfect weather! We're on a grassy patch just north of the market at north Carolina ave and 7th st ne. Hope to see you soon!
For the most part. How's your day going, darl? :>
No ac but the heater work
Pondering... "I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be." -Albert Einstein
u funny as hell bro lmaoooo
taylor says we need to watch avengers. I second the motion
Good call. You still got game. Would be nice to see you back in the Blue and Gold. Could use your versatility.
What time is the recital? and where at?
Thanks for making such killer floor liners! I recommend them every chance I get! Where can I get a replacement Sticker?
A special thanks to George at Residential Energy Services for meeting with us to explain the new / version 3.0!
Tell me you're picking up that option for next year!!
Hey. nothing really, just watching movies.
The Silk Tie likes Jerry! Ever heard of the tie workout? thesilktie.com
-____- when Im eating good its nasty but you know if I get hungry enough I'd take a bite lol
Yes! I'm sorry I forgot to send you the link. Please check it out from time to time.
Went to bed last night feeling fantastic. Can I carry that feeling through today?
Having a blast on Padre Island, despite Michael & I being sunburned. OUCH! Five hours on the beach may have been too much. Fun though!!!!
omg she'll roadtrip with me to come see you know it :)
#Oscar party with friends, cocktails, and themed treats. I took Movie popcorn In Black and White truffle oil. Guess what I picked to win!
I am in. Are you? RT : #MuseSocial chat tomorrow at noon ET? Who's in?
biggest lie in the world, "yeah baby, im fine"
RT : Done for 2nite but don't forget Kegs & Eggs in the morning! Our delicious brunch menu w/ beer, mimosas and Bloody Marys!
Come out, come out on Sunday, July 31st to Arnetic in Deep Ellum! We'll be playing with our buddies in Tonight Tonight! So stoked!
I like food
Do you follow #smallbiz? You should! Great #twitter community!
lol that's hilarious!! =)
Spaceships don't have rear view mirrors. I cant see who behind me
Happy Friday!
Thanks for this sobering fortune #wantanothercookie null
“: Some people would actually learn from their mistakes if they weren't too busy denying them.. keep it real!!!”yes!
the night cap game will be No. 2 Waipahu (O`ahu) vs. Konawaena (Hawai`i) live on ESPN 1500 at 7:00 pm - Hans L'Orange Field
Big week! Panther fest, & the Pack is back!! Be kind to your neighbors, look good at the events & parties, get a haircut!
Super Tuesday and Half-Price Qdoba Tuesday.
Happy Easter Ted. I hope its fun and safe! :)
me too
thank you *blush*
Thank you for all the nice mentions! Am under a rock working. Hope you're well! Xo
Justin pretty much created swag.
funny , the Detroit bailout was a real bust wasn't it? How silly a thought.
I am fat!
Love this : “If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it.” John D Rockefeller.
Uh, HELLO. YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO TELL YOUR FRIENDS I THINK THEY'RE ATTRACTIVE.
as one should do when feeling crappy ;)
yoda is my dude!
Rest in Peace Donna Summer
Dudley Square?
We are WI desperately needs ppl in Montello now for doors. Message me if you can help in the next 2 hours.
where do they all come from?!?!
jealous...i want some of that
U better get honor roll ..at least haha me, eh same exact sentence u wrote but replace senior yr w life lol
I found out how do it;-)
We'd love to do a marketing video with you.
Well-rested and ready to conquer the day.
illegal aliens? It was the janitor's March at 1010 Lamar.
that's asked as encouragement, not criticism. It's being done well in Denver.
Coincidence that Jessica Biel cut bangs after I did? I think not.
The way people throw around the word #addict is pathetic. It's to belittling those who suffer.
Wore 4 different shirts today!
yea! I haven't decided what I'll do for summer yet :/
Anybody like the new lloyd joint with lil wayne-pusha?
Morning all!
Tan, are you being serious!? My modelling career is riding on your answer
Doing my freelance thing...
- Would have been very cool.
The Republicans criticized Obama for not expanding domestic drilling. Now that he's done that, are t…
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you.
Bill Fletcher has the deep history of labor. So good to see him on
I guess everybody need high self esteem
Back from my first day on the court and it's great to play again
I wish more girls were like u!
Testing out my new droid. Managed yet again to control iphone envy
your welcome ;))
I guess it was a night for some dreaming. Was it a full moon last night? Haha!
absolutely!! ": Chris Brown again? #Grammy let down."
: ruin a friendship? Methinks not. Stuff happens!
"On the wireless"?
i forgot to return you phone call, didn't I? damn
just because austin likes a girl, it doesn't mean he'll forget about his mahomies. (:
#Follow our fancy #friends!
Just a guy who loves snacks and is trying to get Sriracha Doritos brought to market.
hey lovely FaceTime soon.......... Haha you thought you had a choice NO!! Girl!(; bai!<3
I need to run too. But hitting my p90 tomorrow. I like the ridge though
The pills I have to take have side effects. I just experienced the first one. Now my clothes is wet by the sweat And so is my bed
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it. ~ Woodrow Wilson
Begin doing what you want to do now. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand, and melting like a snowflake. Marie Ray
meh...I believe he's a bagger at giant eagle...
The #women's #farmers' federation pays trucks to pick up produce at 4 village collection centers and take it to a local for sale
going to burn to a crisp at Brandon's game!
thank you so much love! 💗
ok will do :)
I'll say it again: is a traveler's dream.
Morning Austin(:
still waiting on the "pretty major, not so major" announcement from , hope i didnt miss it
Good day everybody! its pretty uh....cold out but make the best of it!
New franchise record for the Blazers... least amount of points scored in the 1st quarter (7)
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." -- Benjamin Franklin, Inventor
western hemisphere
pro tip: CSU is on ESPN U ....though Drexel is taking it to them pretty good. lol
I hate steak
The kicks off tonight!
Technically Lakers, since they are a 3 seed, they would have their logo for game one, two, five, and seven. :o
Dont belive the shit people put like to follow someone and celebs will follow back its fake dont rt that because they only want rt!!! >[
For Uncle Terry
Where exactly are the Region II semis being played today...I want to try to make the trip out to catch the game.
I also hope all my tweeps had a great blessed Sunday today as well. I hope u all stayed safe. Know that god is watching over you
You should check out !
what's good??? #GoLiveWednesdays tonight at
What are you doing this weekend?!?
wat it take to get an interview and radio play??
was hoping I would see yo tomorrow night! Haven't seen you in forever!!
Charles Monroe Schultz~ No problem is so formidable that you cant walk away from it.
It Might Look Like I Care...But Only On Camera, Only On Camera, Only On Camera...
#Fact: that I have to get ready for work an hour before I'm suppose to be there and I only live 10min away should really tell me something
Warning to #wimarathon runners coming from the north: Hwy 158 exit is closed off of I94. Might take a few more mins to get there.
At the bowling alley I threatened to never come back to. Fuck SE portland on Saturday night.
My eyes burn
I missed talking to you everyday
I like rhymes in the morning. Just putting that out there.
The things I see when I actually have my eyes open
yoga tomorrow or this week?
I don't think there's anything that pisses me off more than when someone can't type using correct grammar. Im sry I cnt rd dis.
Even more reason to rain on their parade #beatla RT : Lakers all packed and ready to fly to okc....hm
Thanks! Contact Michael Sliwinski about Productive Magazine; he's the general editor.
would u like 2donate a copy of ur latest mag 2participants in a scholarship program 4free ad-will reach 100s in Baltimore?Msg plz
Crazy lil earthquake in DC...I hear they felt it up in Boston too!
“: S/o to and #GoodBar Was Niice”- Yeah it was! Nex week it's me n u homey.
My feeling are hurt
Facebook loves Drama... Lmfao. That's why it recommends those types of people..
Bellator Heavyweight World Title, 185-pound Tourney Final & Local Favorite Clemente Headline Bellator 70 Orleans Convention Center ...
#FF for two of our new clients: and
no but oh well. Wrote up for what ?
I'd like to be anything you want, hey boy let me talk to ya (:
thanks to you!
we're not doing BEA this year unfortunately
What would #invaderzim do? Editing photos is a good start I guess..
Wow #SanFrancisco weather! Hope you are outside today.
Hey, have you listed to yet? Follow them and check out www.facebook.com/diveband
": Yes it is. RT : I like Joe Adams today, WR class is DEEP!"< Deepest I've seen........
Wow it's been a long but great day! Mentored 2 sweet girls, sang 12 hours & saw so many friends. Xo Thanks for the hometown encouragement!
Oh yeah and I almost forgot! Museum Bar sucks!!!!!! Learn how to treat people!!!!! Freaking shame!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
it has been a good game good test for the Preds
well if that's the case you better call me do I can run over and see!
“: According to my friend, Miss Piggy looks like she would only date black guys. WTF? I need to find new friends.” Haha
I'm going through Darius withdrawl.
you know im bored when im tryna play the guitar in class -___-
80s movies are far superior to any of the movies from this decade
Im still waiting for Obama to be for low gas prices. Im not gay so how bout being for something that helps me huh Barack?
Yes. Badges=/=gamification. They're one small, optional piece of a program that includes progress, status, reward.
RT : For all you #Nordy's fans! RT : “: . is making changes to its loyalty program...
Salt all in my wounds
Pretty sure Lola has the winning lottery ticket.
I waited for you long enough
I feel better now! =)
Just checking email can sometimes take up half my day. How does this happen?
IM TRYING TO GET MY BABYMOMA SOME. SO LET ME KNOW IF SHE CAN GET A BOTTLE TOO
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin♡♡♡♡♡♡ 114
Valentine here
Pedestrians have the right of way but WTF don't walk out in front of a moving vehicle dumbass!
throw my name with em in the credits. and you can use em my dude!
Merry Christmas everyone!
Thank you for spreading the word on L'Albatros.
Nothing like stocking up on bks for summer reading. My list incl. Milton, PL (2 edd., for a reading group); Ehrenhalt, The Great Inversion+
Cute interview with Laura, bright, pretty, appealing young woman, one of the #Giro's kiss‑on-the-podium gals. #BellaItalia…
de nada amigo!
hey Cascade peeps, that sound u'll hears next week is our good facilities people restore'n/wax'n the Terrell Hall floors.
triages what remains to be done...
Oh dear... sunshine instantly brought allergies... still.. glad to be outside enjoying such a nice day
I'm too delusional to tweet past 10
#MusicFlow till i fall asleep. Night Twitter folks. :)
Three brothers, three fortresses. ~ Portuguese Proverb
Alabama Arkansas I do love my ma and pa
My prayers go out to the family & friends of Chuck Brown & Donna Summer
Ready for some Rodeo!!
We are Albuquerque's only Pitney Bowes authorized reseller for #Volly. Give us a call to learn more. (505) 899-3104
So apparently I missed some Tommy Heinsohn meltdowns by barely watching Games 1 and 2
It's designed to titillate and inspire disgust and shame all at once. The formula companies are laughing all the way to the bank
Horribly Fun watching the MVC final
I guess its not going to rain.
you said it! my thoughts exactly ;)
i love u & would love for u to perform on any sunday you're in LA. Roseanne, Sandra B, M Cho etc all have. Will u?
#HHD have a fantastic day :)
I'm not sure which is worse: that the H is getting more like Stewie, or I'm getting more like Lois.
fyi twitter--- i hate your new format!!!!
I cant sleep.
“: second that!! “: Next season, can we maybe not schedule any games in May?””. Third!
whats Ur phone # so we can text
so sad...first thing was time out.
Live music with Kelly Riley tonight at 7
We'll have 2 check it out! :) RT : We also like
everybody sould follow me and i will follow u please i need more follows
Indian food. Can't wait :)
Fab Lab presents History of Gaming, May 5th at 12PM! Come learn about and play Atari, Nintendo, Sega & More!!
A woman's worst nightmare is when the guy she loves stops doing the things that made her fall for him in the first place!!!
haha I may have to watch this season too
#FF Shout out to for fostering excellence, diversity, vitality, understanding and accessibility of the arts in LA! Bravo!
Girls that wear yoga pants>>>
Tate Taylor the director of The Help - they lived together 4 years, now he lives with the writer Kate Stockett.
Thank you Jessica for the taking the time to watch the video & for the feedback ;o) When ever you ready let me know...
☼ The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself in spite of being unacceptable. Paul Tillich
Does ADA have any statistics available on what career-paths its members are involved in? (e.g., clinical, private practice, etc.)
I actually did work in study hall today
So juicy!
and I love you for this. Thank you.
Oh wow. That's hilarious!
final dress rehearsal. woo!
Here's a travel tip: When visiting the Amazon, don't camp under the creepy demon baby tree.
"They lovin the crew"
Fuck the #Heat and is a pussy won't even stand up for himself
Joy - we have to redo all our newly created tutorials for #SP7 for #SP8. Love new interface but would have liked advance notice of change.
The tour starts at 1pm and we will be there with a booth!
Live feed of Beth Moore at Passion 2012! #awesome!
Gosh , I'm too damn AGGRAVATED 😡
Let's see how this goes. It's only an hour and a half tonight.
& everytime I see ya my feelins' get deepa; I miss ya, I miss ya, I really wanna kiss ya but I can't; 678-999-8212.
Thanks a lot for mentioning, appreciated it very much!
Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most." Buddha
girl my back brakes alone was abt 700.00. I tell anybody, don't buy a RR if you can't afford the maintenance....
MEE TOO! my mom put in all the information before we got the tickets.. so we clicked "Buy Tickets" and we like had them.
yes. I got 'honorable mention' on this infographic.
Love your tidbits of information! Thanks for sharing!
This is why I don't listen to you.
Thank you, Joe! Keep your fingers crossed for us!
Thank you - Thank you!! Your turkey donations will provide a hearty, traditional meal 4 homeless & low-income!
ooh, you can send USR1 to dd, and it'll print out its progress. wish I'd known that long ago...
is so cutee :)
Dying Easter eggs. & Ready to grub on Easter dinner tomorrow!
I am watching NOW! Thanks....
10 years ago, was recovering from live-saving surgery for breast cancer. Remember saying to everyone, "I just need 10 more years..."
Ha so IM the fake one . You've obviously wrote your name wrong !
Hearing rumors that Ice T--and Coco--( and ) are on Main Street, working their way to
Thanks gor the follow. This month only get 2 one hour massages for $99.00!
unfortunately it was committees for my org that were lacking strong leadership volunteers...had to learn to say no!
Gen. Washington sent out a note asking that regiments that have an excess of wood send it to those with too little.
So what is everybody doing today?
Leaving Missouri. I wish I could've done more, but I miss my bed.
You're actually gorgeous. Ever heard about that, Jess? ♥
Converse are ugly.
Perfect Pair! Tom Cruise & Katie Holmes Step Out in Matching Styles on ‘M:I ’ Red Carpet (PHOTOS) Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes hit the
Finalized the days for shooting the Wrecked Ink Premier Promo. Now for all the set and prop planing :P Should be fun.
Because I'll wish I was her. Hahaa
might go to Mexico this Summer yay!!
Im done eating
thanks sweetie!! :-)
S/o to white chocolate for finishing all.her work for the work week yesterday..
had a wonderful lunch with , & today. Enjoy the rest of your day friends!
I want to get my mom a reallllyyyy special mothers day present...pondering
Yesterday's sessions should be up by the end of the day today and today's sessions should be up tomorrow, as per Susan)
Ready for some adult hide-n-seek!!
Life lessons so far for May: patience and rest are very important, and you can't expect the weather to do what you want.
What does your wife have to say about that?
If you're a Derby jockey how you get arrested Thursday of Derby week. Smooth move Albarado
I'm full af
ALSO COMING SOON! - A new and updated Product & Supplement Shopping cart. www.premierwellnessproducts.com. Physician researched vitamins!
I got my errands done. The rain stopped before I got to the 2nd store and has stayed away since. Thanks, Evan, God of Rain. ;o)
#coachella pit stop? What day and time will you be blessing the LA area with your appearance?
I fully support that.
Mostly pleased with Obama, but not a fan of the modifier "personally" - you're the leader of this country: LEAD!
Your show... It should never end... Ever...
I promise I won't break your heart <3
Making my mom watch :)
when is it about love and when is it about cool? That's what will always cloud the love.
Have you read "Loving Frank"? If not, it's a must read! All about Frank Lloyd Wright's personal life...very fascinating!
This is for real. Wow!
thanks for #ff! have a great weekend
Save your heart for somebody that leaves you breathless not somebody who suffocates you with there bullsh-t.
Failure isn't the end, get back up! "Success is boring, failure comes in an infinite colored rainbow" ~ Livingston Taylor
I'm Tweeting for a Seat
Hey, are you going to be in Baltimore for Comic Con?
There will be bunch of sad #SuperTuesday groupies today. No more Dia.
You don't have your chip yet? Maybe they injected it when you weren't looking.
just had a fucking amazing individual crit.
's new mixtape "VS" will be available in January, We will be taking pre-orders real soon! Also, 's collab with Guillo Cruz
guitar lessons and date night!
well, I'm glad I know now! It's something we should advertise more...
I hate this
The cheapest zip code in America is 48208 (Detroit). The median asking price for a home is $6,388!
Need someone to review your blog posts? Hire me! ()
i hate people tht u haven't seen in a while and when u talk to them it's just so awkward
Kneuer: Tech sector is working, moving fwd, needs less regulation. No need to act. Have humility in face of dynamic change.
elway will finally admit he doesnt think tebow is the answer...Manning to Raiders may be a better fit though
Sorry to say I will not be returning to It was really bad. Bummer. Wish he would have stuck with Flip Camera.
False alarm. Just something screwy with my local working copy. Thanks.
WATCHING "THINK LIKE A MAN" lol
Windy and foggy at the beach today. But nice end to a long weekend.
Would love 2 hear it but do u have 2 follow me 2 pm? Sorry - new 2 this Twitter thing.
Oh, Limbaugh, your political ignorance has finally crashed and burned your asinine rhetoric. Thanks powers that Be!! (One can only hope).
ERGObaby acquires Orbit Baby - | Kids Today
it's ok, I'm kinda limpin anyway. I'll step aside and wait ;)
these past few days at work have been so hectic. thank goodness for kitties :)
Jamil Salmi of the World Bank to speak at CHEA Annual Conference and International Seminar. See Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
: Mornin'! Are you up and at 'em?
I'm not sure... Maybe I would be better off at your house ;) I miss you!
Yeah! :D
nothing like your own.
love the videos. Looking and sounding great!! :-)
Do your prefer red or white wine, ?
...at davesheelydesigns.com
i just hav nothin to tweet these days
hello James.
yes : Smile and breathe."
It's happened at a hotel, pharmacy, and grocery ALL recently. Next time, they get the Twitter smack-down!
Related: Sachi Organics is an awesome place. Ms Lois is great and so is everyone else there.
Tradelove - Pum Back (Official Video HD)
Careers - Sierra Club
it is fantastic ...
Going to go check out my totaled car
I be doin that sh*t from time 2 time
hey hey Autumn! What's new?
I just did, and am thoroughly disgusted. lol
Nice to meet you!
: yep free wifi at the #bigmketweetup actually, always :) ( fyi password is swigwireless)
I always give a 110% in anything I do
That's one of our faves too
Thanks hun! Hope u have a great weekend! :)
ain't even anything like that just a bunch of talk, you know them internet gangstas
Here's [pointing] at YOU, kid.
WOW!! Nice shot! Beautiful..=)
I barely are you at school! & you don't have a phone! O.e
omg have fun tonight 😊🎉
I'm so tired
“If you run you stand a chance of losing, but if you don’t run you’ve already lost.” –
i just don't understand it.
If only that were the case... actually waking up super early for a run and then a meeting nearby NYC with
RT He has been retired the last 4 years, so whats another 4.
RETWEET if I ain't following you back.
Just because you agree with most points doesn't mean you buy someone's worldview 100%.
1/2 price #wine flights @ Montage Wine Bar and Tasting Room today. 304 Liberty St. Morris, IL 60450. www.montagespirits.com
Ikr! lol , Im always laughing in every single one of those interviews with her XD He's Such a Flirt!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU ? U guys suckk ass! Kyle Orton baby.
Luck to Minnesota baby! It's gonna happen!
Lol, you and yours actually using racial slurs and calling people cunts? You're denying that?
Ok guys you should ALL follow this girl SHE IS AMAZING!! she has A BIG BIG BIG BIG HEART!!! <3333333
Lemme guess, she probably asked for it, right? RT Would Rick Santorum tell one of his daughters to keep a rapist's baby?
RT : We are headed downtown towards Monument Circle for lunch! Will update location ASAP!
Thank you! :)
I've learned something today twitter, watch the company you keep! Keep postive people around you that have the same desires and goals as you
sad news of etta james passing. many memories of her concerts here over the years -- the "phoenix-rising" stage(s) of her career.
Wyoming is to fireworks, as Indiana is also to fireworks.
FUCKK LOST MY ????? FORGOT WAT ITS CALLED
Full house at TC tonight! Can pass them in the standings with a win!! RT : The #Rockets play the mavs tonight...
if you will record #aaasci for your personal use, would you be willing to blog your reactions? That would be cool!
thanks for the retweet! hope life is sweet.
Good Job ! now back to boring Tigers' game. lol
Yup RT : #MyPastRelationships made me realize i need learn how to pick them better
Mayweather is so Hollywood.
Amazing how when you're working on something you LOVE, it's bliss to still be working at 11pm!
COMMUNICATING STYLES TECHNOLOGY (CST) MATERIALS can be used to pinpoint an individual’s behavioral style profile
Cant sleep...
Edouard Levé's AUTOPORTRAIT and Elaine Scarry's ON BEAUTY AND BEING JUST.
STOP THAT
Job hunting? Stop by Gobs of Jobs Fair today. Fair ends at 3pm.
wow! i was JUST discussing doing this myself today... let me know how it goes.
they would ruin it.
Oops, should have been: Grant, you are classy and cool!!
a group of unicorns is called a blessing
Does Angry Birds count? RT : Anything is better than doing nothing!
did Brad take any clients with him when he left Rachel Zoe? #WWHL Congrats on the daily clubhouse show! Been predicting that!
RT : The Human Side of Brand Storytelling - the connection between branded experiences and brand advocacy bit.ly/ojtySt via...
Street musician Gull is heading to East Africa for a documentary on street musicians. Looking for local contacts. Thoughts?
Talk to me about archival standards of audio/video conversions.
Alright, well follow this account
It does not matter where I am or where you are. It matters to know we are well.
my favorite comic!
Did we have fun last night? No, seriously, did we have fun last night cause I can't remember. :D
College football makes as much sense as religion. The Big Ten has 12 teams the Big 12 has 10 teams & Missouri's in the SEC Eastern division.
Celebs Love Themselves Some Apple! (PHOTOS) Summary: Like the rest of us, celebs were stunned when they heard the news of Apple founder
Last day of class!!! 😃
Just cleaned a K&N air filter from my car and got a close look at how dirty the air is in LA traffic. yuck.
THANK YOU for the RT and feature!! Great site
sounds like some drama
Got all the music I've wanted.
Friday night is our cd release party at the 9pm
I didn't know u worked with MJ! I dreamed I was driving in a black limo with him last night then I read about ur connection!
Thank you for following BAA!
I feel a weekly tradition coming on... And I like it. Lots to chat about. You going to God's country this weekend?
you look adorbs! great dress!
says to keep content human! we agree!
If you get make 300 calls a week and it turn into 15k month of residual income a month, would you??? DM me for details!!
thanks! I IMd you, are you coming to WL today?
Thank you for retweeting!
In Richmond this morning for the Board of Medicine.
<3333 please share us with your friends
S/O to for the follow
The UK basketball team better be underground. At least God is a Cats's fan. They should be fine.
Im good. I like to see u grindin 1st thing in the morn. Howd it go?
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean
OKC is gonna rape LAL. Do you see how tired Gasol, Bynum and Kobe are coming up court? When are they gonna rest? Lol
Ur more than welcome!! Keep in touch.....
hell ya, we better be playing at home!!
I can't wait to get old, when I turn 80, the first thing I'm doing is peeing on myself, that's true freedom. Nurse! Nurse!
I'll ask (for you AND for me)!
Has anyone else noticed a nose piercing escalation as of late?
New band name. T.R...ouble
I wish you knew how to treat and care for someone
Be the change you want to see in the world. Visit www.liverealchange.com and join the campaign today,
going to bed. night.
Mayweather vs. Cotto Who you got???
Stoked for an epic saturday night w/the fam. Catch us tonight at !
still amazed how many companies illegally hire freelancers.
How can you be single? Are all of the gay men in SF deaf and blind??
On my way to Brussels to cover the European Gymnastics Championships! Follow for live updates from
Does anyone know of a good HTML5 audio player plugin for Wordpress or other simple option for embedding audio into a post with a player?
AH jealous! is one of my favorites. Have so much fun! Look forward to reading.
Had' talk' with boychik this AM, shuffling feet, nervous, whispered to me 'Mom, I really want to...'
Yay for you. I'm doing #c25k too.
Redfest baby! FEAR THE DEER, FEAR THE DEER
I Just Wanna Be Successful
Girls that are honest (: >
lmfao! I'm just really bad at parking
em don't be hard on yourself. Ignore what people say. If they were true friends they wouldn't be blaming you at all.
I'm not going to ever get over you..
I need to find me a boo....I get tired of being in this house
hi jordan :)
May....we are nearing the halfway mark of 2012? Really? This year is flying by!
Cool. I wish Mabylline made their color tattoo in yellow. It's my fave. So pigmented.
; girl what you gon teach me, how to roll up & down your belly, while you sweat butter & crisco, TUH I thinks not.
I just stumbled upon an incomplete Reed ms. titled "Attack Patterns of Shock" (also, "Attack Patterns of Zombies"). Never heard of this ...
Waiting for in line in indy. Cant wait.
Some profs stated that assignments were their intellectual property. Concern about class design plagiarism?
double the hits! I'm thinking it was your "look" you rock star you!
i need a girlfriend
Thaks 4 the add, and we hope that you dig what we do.
Pitino: 'No animosity' btwn him and cal.. Says if they were in same city and saw each other they'd have a beer
I've become my own worst enemy: working on laptop (macbook) while drinking a laptop in a locally owned cafe. Kill me now!
Crowdfunding is sure to be hot topic at the conference, Glad we'll be there!
“: Sentence of the day: ''Iran is an Arabic state''- Amr Moussa. Take that, Persians.” um
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a pace of 7'17"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
DIFFERENT, a teen novel about a girl with ADD, soon to be released through Indigo Tree Publishing in paperback and e-book formats.
have u seen the one eel here they lady drinks her pee...
speaking of beaver sedus in Vegas... Remember when couvi snapped a pic of that rare red beaver haha
