I'm not surprised, but I never feel quite prepared.
My Goddaughter turns 18yrs old in 4 days. I can't wait because she's so fuckin' hot!!!!!!
": Prison Break >>>" hell yeah Dave! You watching it?
lumpy boobs and lumpy butts all the way!
congrats on the 30/30, gents.
Thanks, Drexel Archives! We're official now.
an old grandma that JaccTrippa turned out! Hahaha
#cigarettes and #coffee, a #hangover's best friends
That's great. I remember the joy of watching my son walk for the first time. It's only been 4 years since that day. Time flies.
On a scale of Batman to Justin Beiber, how gay is this new shirt?
..i still have 1 1/2 days to rest.. before work & school, yet im up.. "doing hw" ..smh, someone make me take my butt to bed, lol
I don't believe in homework
Big day of editing! A lot of little tweaks. But, getting very close to picture lock.
If you ain't following you're not living. -K .xx
no problem! I'm great! Still acting, trying to get into musical theatre. How about you!? :)
Put on a smile and get through the day. The more you dwell on the negative or what cannot be, the faster you drag yourself down. Truth.
ATTN unsigned rapper,dancers,singers,join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
welcome back to tweetland!
Pre-Midterm Examination on July 14 and 15. FYI. Thank you
whoa...congrats on the Dev/Karmin gig!!!
I don't know how i can talk to you and ask you questions when all you do is ignore me
Join us tonight for 1/2 priced bottles of wine and try our new fall menu!
Just got done doing my homework for the day
“: Hey, not Air Marshall Jon. You wanna get back in that rest room and not rest?”
hahah I'm in a bad mood
how much you charge to host a mix tape?
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. ~Judy Garland
grab it love it be it. Goddamn it you better dream it all.
here but not blowing up twitter like u lol
Wondering abt relation between banned racist GamerTags that discusses & xbox's policy on tags referencing queerness
Ur addicted to Twitter! Just started a new gig doing marketing for a company in Burl MA that does services for high tech
Get Your Closet Ready for Spring With Expert Organization Tips - NBC New York (blog)
Dr. Lonnie Smith is finishing up soundcheck and ready for a great night of funky jazz tonight at the Bistro!
The problem is, my son, who's 3, and my daughter, who's 7, share a room. My daughter has to get up for school & he keeps her up.
A lot of people are going to feel really dumb in
Njcu vs rutgers game with coach and others (y)
Baylor can play some ball
I will never get used to seeing Jose not in a mets uniform.
tonight: we're happy to host Pitchcrawl!
thank you too love :) ♥
no. So many have been much better.
BAD GIRL i love this songs You're my favorite
Me too, I've practically seen all the episodes! :D let me know if it ends up being good :)
When you're laying in bed and your remote is on the other side of the room <<<
stop thanking me
Were they booing Wash when he came out to take out Yu? Or "Yuuuuing" Yu before he walked off the mound?
Food Truck Wars bringing it on March 31st in Oviedo, FL. 40 Food Trucks, Live Music, Beer Garden, Silent Auction. Bring the appetite!
hello? myspace? you still here?
charles brocken brown
Braun better come through here!
try use the phone
:) « sure you can get a smile.
I. love. Cowboys
its time to go with some local music, why don't radio stations feature local artists...peewaddy.com
my anger? About what? That devil child.
Still weak in data structure & algorithm. Got stuck by the first interview question...
She won't to right . There was no trust
Sure thing!
Last class till Monday happening at 12 noon. Get your full moon primary on!
It must be a drinkers holiday cause BUNNY is working tonight! Jade, Sandy, Phoenix, Cat & Adriana are also ROCK'N the GREEN!
JUST ON THE GRIND MAKIN MONEY. MUAH!!!!!!!!
Hm. Do the Rangers win tonight or does the series go to a tie?
Feel so sick.
Im not happy with just a series win. We lose and were down 3. Win tonight and its one. Big difference
Don't forget to sign up for Fri's 1pm User Group ft. ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition portal. Email
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
This Friday at Governors 10pm Show !!! Come and laugh with me
Looking forward to meeting some interesting people at tonight's mixer.
Come see me at TAG RAW BAR, say tweet for a $5 sushi roll, and N/A Bev. Try my Hibiscus Rose Bourbon in a Kentucky Busy Bee Cocktail for $5.
So excited to go home this weekend! =) 2:15 needs to come like right now.
Being in another session but checking twitter during #s7 feels like being in an empty house with a loud party going on nextdoor.
My coffee is falling down on its job too. Need another cup!
8 million views in 24 hours! the best!! Follow me please
Not into Amy Adams' style, but about to rob her hair color!!!! Dec. 1... Wait for it.
follow our boys -->> ! They're great! Preciate the love fam.
@ zerwekh they never disappoint.
Yup the iPad is the sme story whn plugged in 2 iPhone charging block it says it's not charging but many hours later bat % incrs
Guess somebody wants their kneck to be hurting Too ha RT : smh
RT RT RT : Last summer was the best one ever but I have a feeling that it is about to be topped.. I can not wait!
That sounds about right! Makes me wonder if its some kind of sting operation, though...
I just want to know when legislators who are horrified at the thought of sex outside of marriage will begin dealing with men.
Thanks for the twitter follow.
I Want A LAte Happy Birthday D; ..
Thanks! I'm trying my best :)
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I love someone special, And it isn't you! Haha! Just kidding! Love you all! Merry Valentines Day guys!
Blasts from the past all day today smh
r those books or movies?
Feels like I'm in Memphis never seen more of them in place at a single time.
*sings* GRAB SOMEBODY SEXY TELL 'EM HEY. *gets on bike* brb, going to come to your house and grab you ....that sounds wrong
yes. yes it will. I promise. It's raining here in Chicago too. dreeeeaaary.
Almost out baby.
A few hours with The Wood Brothers, and the L.A. just rolls right off you.
To cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life. ~ Samuel Johnson
Colt Cabana in the video talks about how his goal is to be the Underground Champion. It's the reason he came to NWA Underground.
I luv the goofing around shots! Never see that w/ Bulls. I'm mad the Chicago Sky ladies didnt do any dress up photos for media day
All of them except for Madden. Not a fan.
Crazy weather so cold. Doggies still wearing jammies.
If the price is right RT : You think Ozzie will trade up for him? I'd love him here in bmore
Well, you've got a baby coming. You're allowed some neuroses.
To even remember those teams means no apology necessary. RT Sorry, guess I meant 1970. Forgot about Boomer & his 'taters'.
I have to agree with Ian on this.
ah yes, THE QUESTION. I take Mike just because I saw him first, but I warmed up to Joel pretty quickly once i saw him
Russell M. Nelson~ We were born to die and we die to live. As seedlings of God we barely blossom on earth we fully flower in heaven.
i took one of my spider bites out tonight. it goes thru my lip all the time! bt thanks!
RT : RT : "Welcome back to Party Mountain, Mad Rad." - Mike McGinn (that's so filthy!)
I'm en route. Do we need more beer?
please do! First 2 are on me....
Who cares if they are? They are so tasty!
So true...and time consuming which is helpful ;)
wait for the baby boom on Feb 11th 2013.
What's up with black guys taking pics of themselves? Just looked on FB and out of my 976 friends all 12 blacks ones had pics of themselves
Another conservative bites the dust. ! Fa-fa-fa Monsieur Sarkozy. Oh that it will happen here in November, too.
wat it mean???
Same here! Living away is not always fun.
are you buying the "New iPad 2" next year?
Show at Arnetic on July 31st with our good good buddies Tonight Tonight! Be there everyone!
Danny Ainge on : "I don't think anybody was happier with our victory than Rondo was. I saw a smile on his face that your rarely see."
back in the dd.
Unsophisticated palates: you and me both. Ketchup is still my favorite condiment.
See, then you go and say something really smart, and so we want you for President even more... we're just that dumb.
settle down. aren't you you all about god and forgiveness?
I Love You.
@ Come to and we'll hook you up ;)
I'm a transwoman
Over the hill! On March 6, 2012, turns 100.
Aw, i hope u feel better :-/
Did Steve tell you that, per chance? Hmm, Steve..
says he'll meet you tomorrow
Here we go again <33
I try to be
Skylark Longue at 40 Union st. It is open and pouring Kind. Come on down for a frickin beer already
Girl you Deserve it...
All is good!! Convo w/ my baby.......cple time & holding time. Daddy's home! My life is so amazing!
I hate when ppl pretend to like something cuz there friend likes it.like no.be yourself.
Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity: it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all. ~William Faulkner
Love it when I'm the last pickup for the super shuttle!
By the way, have you seen our temp. ex. "The Color of Memory" yet? It has some AMAZING art that will give you goosebumps...check it out!
#Volunteer opportunities galore!!! We need #help selling coupon book for Community Days this Saturday from 2-4pm at Grand Ave Mall
#FF Why? Because he's a dog. Also, I've never done a
omg i'm so tired !!
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTd
any truth to you bein pulled outta tha hathaway fight to fight serra?
RT : "Go to college" is to education what "put things in your mouth" is to cuisine.
If there's a show on television right now that centers around supernatural or fairy tale creatures, odds are I watch it.
Pretty remarkable: prior to Seau's suicide, on average there was 1-2 NFL concussion-related articles per/week by media. Now several per day.
Welcome Osaka University of the Arts for a 3-Day workshop at Juilliard Jazz!
When you deal with a bleeding uterua then we'll talk.
#SoldierUp and do your job!
Victory and justice! Firm will pay Wisconsin school districts about $30 million.
killed it tonight! Thank you for your tweets and for having me!
The ultimate make up call! I
had a GREAT time at the game Saturday!
the phone stuffing, on the other hand.... Lol :)
Austin Carlile, You're my hero.
Odaxelagnia is the scientific name for arousal from biting.
LOL! I am 5'4" so 155mm is the right length for me. No, this is not a unicycle. It's for my TT/Tri bike.
Project Empowerment has helped more than 2,000 people find jobs. This is outstanding work.
Ha! It's entirely possible. I was walking on Prospect earlier. And I'm just as guilty as you! I will do the same.
#IfOnlyICould change one thing , I'll bring my grandma back , by far the worst pain I've experienced
this aint never no beat tape that yu produced my nigga!!!!!
I would love to hear remix - Vision One... just sayin'...
Just got that Toshiba thrive
Enjoying our first camp with kids on the east side. And working on our cool, new Second Story website.
But i gotta go and get it tho
really?! What was the question?
How is Q1 going for your #dealership? Share with us!
Just go to bed lol
Some amazingly creative minds and souls coming together. This looks like it will be absolutely brilliant.
burnt end sandwhich, cheesey corn and beans. Its the best kept secret in KC.
had dinner was good ham and mac cheese with all my family it was good i cook with my 2 boys there did a great job helping
Hate pulling up next to sonic litterers. Keep the auditory trash in your car please... Your ignorance is killing me.
Over the #MothersDay weekend was a moment of #Justice finding guilty of #Murder of this
This should be an Epic weekend of Parties...I know...It's Science.
I love unsolved mysteries, they should totally do some new episodes
Justin. Bieber. SEXY.
Thanks for following & listing us!
congrats to my cousin on graduating high school & my sister on graduating college. Grandma is smiling @ u both from above <3 I love you guys
thanks clippers! ☺
You're stronger than me! LOL I couldn't resist. I purchased one of each. Maybe I'll include them in a giveaway pack!
Aw, thank you! RT : Loved the #flockinshindig by Such a great time.
Good morning little Shakespeare's in the making! Theater Camp begins today!
anytime all the time best ❤
this is a common problem, break out the book in bed and you'll be out in 2 minutes
working with was great. We're still using the sticky notes technique, and sometimes we have sharpie wars =)
don't mean to sound like a dick, but I'm fucking sick of seeing you post this shit.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 47
your account has been hacked. That is, unless you expect me to be surprised that someone is saying bad things about me.
I do remember students studying for their exit competency exams
This wasn't nowhere near being directed towards you. -_- did I mention in it? No. I didn't. So, yeah👍 text meh.
This has been a long day...but productive
nice I'm going too for my birthday!
How many of you are so excited for X-Mas I'm getting great presents! can't wait!
I do have Skype, username is xgregoryx123
its hot than a Beast
Love Affair -Lil Twist... in that video he looks cute for once
who do you think about?
#BestMemoryof2011 Getting to make good, local, affordable food every day!
Shin Splints<<<<<<<<<<< worst feeling ever 
oh I mean basil not pesto! ;)
It’s Wednesday! What do you want to refocus on? What are you grateful for? #magpiemidweek #gratitude #focus (via )
..I Love Music Cause Music Is Life..
Dinner tix 2 rich for your blood? Buy tix 4 the #ITAOTC after party $80 @ door $40 for students, purchase on 's website
you never can sir
thanks for coming in. your going to love dining in the gardens come summer.
"You're a whore. You'll always be a whore. That's why I like you." -- THE LONG RIDERS (1980)
I'll second that idea! Lol
Show them tits for titty tuesday?.
i miss you twitter...:)))
if they feel that way and wish to do so then more power to all involved. how they feel has nothing to do with my opinion
Thanks! I enjoyed the panel discussion.
HALFTIME: #Gators lead Louisville 41-33.
If I Die Tomorrow i want you to know i love you :$
Finally home from work:) now time to practice piano and memorize Trial by Jury for concert choir.
on the board with a walk. Let's see sabathia shut the tigers down. Go yanks!
When your marriage falls apart, it feels like all you have are bad options.
we'd be honored to be a part of number 7
laying down watching George lopez . You?
drops some dope shit in like 5 minutes... Pow!
I love instructor evaluation time. Especially when the instructor was useless #brutallyhonest #RMU please take our opinions seriously
So many amazing songs on this record!
SK&A Launches How-to Healthcare Marketing Web Video Series
nice to meet you today, you have a beautiful voice!
I followed :]
Follow please with a cherry on top :-)
Chris, give it a minute - once they get enough of you Jersey kids in there it'll get plenty dingy re:
Running always makes me feel better!!!
Margarito's trainer failed him by letting the Pacquiao fight continue. One night of machismo. A lifetime of eye-problems. Stupid move.
Any word on AJ Burnett
i voted for yall over 30 times can i get a follow back please
well said. Especially in
There's a lot to be done...but the community for respectful advocacy and storytelling is growing.
Coworker: Fabe!!!! Guess what?!!! Me: (jumping out my chair) Oh snap you scared me! What's up? (as I sneaky minimize my browser window)
The best friends house house after school! ♥ Were just going to look at 1D pictures&listen to 1D& talk about how gay they are!
Constance: "There's not going to be a swimming pool, you stupid slut."
At the very first E21 Generations weekend church in Anthem, AZ--gonna be great!
I know I'm L8, but how bout my Cats @ #1!? 19-0 right now, gonna kill some Gamecocks 2night!!!!
#RN20 Its still surreal that your gone! You will be missed! *Only The Good Die Young* Rest In Paradise </3
That stunt looks way too hard! How n the heck do they expect u to hold your breath for that long?!?
Seesmic for work, Tweetdeck for play.
when I try to mention (@) friends, the list of usernames does not pop up. Please help!
Some of the best fish I ever ate came out of Union Sq Greenmarket!
I bought a homeless guy lunch today.Had to feel good about myself after trying on 2 skinny fit shirts. He was crying when I handed it to him
Just saw Discovery shuttle fly by in downtown DC on its last flight.
Now playing Bobbi Humphrey "New York Times"
I'm fresh I'm fly I'm always high
Fab Melo ruined our best chance to win a championship. He should just go pro and stop fucking up our team.
J.D. Guillard is single again and its making me extremely happy because i can finally say hey i like you why dont we get together
Welcome to the south
Making a difference is the highest order of service. -Ruth Gordon, MLS, Ph.D.
just asked me if I have to sit next to strangers on the bus.
I wanna go to the pirate game tonight!
Mar 31,1942: #Churchill accepted criticism from Times and Guardian but felt Daily Mirror, Daily Mail and Daily Herald 'undermined army'.
RT : Need to get there on time and refreshed when you arrive? Maybe a mid-sized private #plane is the trick....
My goal today: Sending out at least one job application.
bye goodnight sleep well :)
u not getting rid of that beard are ya?
working on a new treatment.....
Disagreed on the Spurs comment. They are beatable. In fact, the Clippers can (and will) beat them.
#ICriedWhen my grandma died 😔
ME TOO! :) RT : #bravecarslandevent So stoked to see everyone next month!
me: who eats sharks?! my youngest niece: chinese people. ...i heart her too lol
Same 18K I had two hours ago noon mega. Blinds 1/2K. Do or die time. 60 players left, 17 seats or thereabouts.
We're here at nyc rescue mission Graduation Ceremony. 7 grads & scores of fans. Biutiful; room for more in chapel next time. peace
I have 3rd one that I wrote that will appear on site on May 4th! Still hoping you'll agree to interview!
Great Article! Tell your father thank you for me.
Damn... you should really be at Garrison Hawk is rippin it down RIGHT NOW!!! #UNCOMUN #reggae!!!
That's great!
#Im4Falk b/c she'll do more than just "end the civil war" in #WI. Falk will fight to undo the damage Walker has done to our state.
Pretty Please Wish me luck on my Softball Game?<3 Cause your just that Amazing!!(;
Baby J & Live at the Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012! Los Despoz performing tonight for just $6 & children 12 & under are Free!
what you working on, any mixtapes or albums
I think the commish just made a lot of fans with that hot handshake
just followed have to support bands from my home state of course!!!
Creativity needs a rebellious energy that is tamed by the very systems that require it.
Its about time that get some radio time in the nap I been talkin about the kid for a minute
Gladney Center for Adoption Marks 125th Anniversary
Plus, after looking through the installation section of the handbook, it doesn't look any more challenging than install Arch Linux...
Did you do the voice over work for the Central Indiana Chevy Dealers commercial? That voice sounds familiar.
Just got done watching the NASCAR race. Carl Edwards won the race and Jimmy Johnson won the Championship. That's a 3 peat for Jimmy.
jajuan pullin big ass sodas outta nowhere eddy complainin over food and somebody stole my bread
Almost out of tickets and the place to pick them up is closed on the weekends..STRESS.
there isn't currently a "search for location" feature, but great suggestion. We'll add it!
I wanna be a mermaid.
FF the best men in the labor movement
The fact I don't have to go to school the rest of the week >>> 👍👍
Can't believe Simmons had the gall to post the video suggesting Davis is anti-Celts...well I can believe it. He's a professional whiner.
Let's see if I can get this Tesla card working
It's official!!! Saturday brunch at with
She'd be smart to avoid ref'ing games at Rucker Park.
whew! caught up on our ! keep 'em coming Twitter peeps! I'll be hanging out on here this most of this evening! let's chat :) -Chris
Is anyone really surprised that Ryan Braun got caught using the juice and secondly do you think MLB should take away his MVP Award?
what a great movie.
#Bachelor tweet silence again...
“: About 2 hit family video i need a good tv show 2 get into. Any suggestions ?” Trailer Park Boys. Stupid funny
Maintain closer, more intimate ties with your now very values-based end consumers. -Andrea Learned
you need one more "feel"
Thanks! The detective work really paid off and made it simple to fix.
In Florida driving to the beach :)
#2012augrad congrats to everyone who graduates from AU today and tomorrow
Great Xtranormal video at Terry Kawaja keynote #adtech Anyone have the link?
Watching the #Louisville #Kentucky game - should be a great one!
Hey Phil!
i got em crossed for ya. You n skylar both moving your head side to side in sync would be the coolest.
I felt left out of your guys conversation. :(
section 128 - front row of the bums is where i sit. Ill be looking for u with my binauculars!!
he retiring?
IM OBSESED TOO! #aslongasimnotintrouble! RT True life; I'm obsessed with watching cops
engaged in big-data tile rendering issues.
Thanks to all the #Smithsonian Nerds that made it out to #thirstdc! We geeked out, we drank, we discussed. We want more.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
Excited for
{----Taking donations/solicitations whatever the fuck u wanna call it
I think the insomnia is contagious.
: I'm out for both Weds and Thurs. Sorry friends!
People say not to judge someone by their past. But i believe that a person's past is a prediction of their future.
Adam David Glick CPA is developing mobile Glatt #Kosher concepts in New York City.
He is the greatest!! LUV DDUB =)
Hey Guys, what label are you guys signed with?
Same to you! <3
Looks like already answered, but yes, I'm the only one east of 805.
Recommending Royal if you need car rental in Florida. Excursion for 60 bucks (brand new), new Volvo's and Lincolns. Great value.
Sure! Hug away. :P
please keep the Joffrey slaps coming
Thanks for the follow of Check out our fun videos of our 123GoTV in action, a device for kids to bike indoors.
Black Label
#1 referer to OAC is Wikipedia. Another reason for archivists to contribute more to Wikipedia
Ew! I love seeing packaging fails up close like this.
Hum Lebron seems fine to me
I love it when someone tells me I made there day. It makes me feel special
Back at work after a month off. Shock to the system!
Is it bedtime yet? Better yet, it is Friday - correct?
:D you know i love you.
For the record, hard cherry cider DOES help.
yo! Went last time and didn't love it. All about Gjelina though.
cuz i text u then u stop -_-
Tonight Allerton Hotel, be there 701 N Michigan Ave@ Huron Street. Great jazz, great wine (half-off), validated parking. & yours truly.
CODE BLUE
GAH! How did I get to be only 3 weeks from earning my MLIS without writing anything that described information-seeking behavior?
Have a most awesome zombie Jesus day!
Just discovered a long lost relative who is a really cool singer, songwriter. Check out her new album. I love it
What would you guys like to see for Fall 2011?
i should go for the hot guys ... and see where i end up lol all these guys are scum that i've dealt with
iPhone running slow or shutting down? Double-click home button 'till icons appear on bottom, hold 1 until "-" appears, turn all apps off :-)
Who's feeling Notorious?
Okayy. Wanna play on Friday? You, Daniel, and I?
: DM (from the other account)
let me check my calendar lol
Well, with working 28 jobs, I was curious if sushi was one of them!
Or twerk to birthday cake
On the road Headed to the Ranch!! See yall Sunday. Going to be some good times this weekend.
When is releasing Botshay?
The collective soul exists. I know because it just rejected my application for admission. Existence is futile! This slogan is meaningless.
check your DMs please and thank youu.
I lived nittany crossing, far off campus... Never went to class when weather was bad, and it's always bad haha.
I vote the latter... Do they still have teeth?
#icantgoadaywithout Farting so loudly, it hurts
no problem - when all else fails, try google! : )
text me.
This sub is the chilliest .
Why do girls change their personality for whatever guy they're around to get their approval? Just be yourself to keep a good one!
What are your career goals for 2012?
A: "Branding second is more expensive, but people need a message to share when they discuss the brand"
I'm still plowing through it. Plowing... heh.
Adios, Chicago. I'm not sticking around for the #NATO shitshow. Stay safe, friends!
excited about Orlando this week?
this is the.most bullshit walk home.
Happy International Women's Day! Celebrate the women you love and the wonderful things they do!
Next 3 weekends in LA. Excited, but also sad cause I might miss out on some terribly awesome Boston shenanigans.
I guess you think I'm a fool.
When someone calls me from a blocked number and then waits to hang up I just assume they wanted to hear my voice.
you know by saying it you going to have them pop up all over now
#Gootiethon April weekend 2012 has been very successful, 3 days in row. Next time I'm going for a whole week.
Really don't wanna go to school Wednesday :(
Test driving Camaros today.
True of False – Our guests and members can customize the temperature setting on our massage beds.
RT : We need an #OccupyBartab movement! No more overpriced drinks at bars with us!
Ha #ThingsMyExSaid Your my destiny n i want to be that special one to take your virginity n be with you forever. #Up he aint get Shit !!
Follow me back? (:
Yes, just saw it this morning. Need to spend more time checking it out. Thx for sharing!
it's a a wiener isn't it
If I was writing this tweet, you'd be reading something clever. But I'm not. And you aren't. Or something.
You gotta have better standards than that. Freaking hilarious though
Nobody's gonna follow u. lol
Bricks yesterday: 5K run --> 1500 meter swim --> 12 mile bike ride --> 1 mile run. My back hurts today.
The moon looks crazy right now
wats up bro
Its hard to let go..its even harder to move on.
tell me this isnt the soviet hockey coach from miracle
Grown af, doing too fucking much
It is not love that is blind, but jealousy. ~ Lawrence Durrell
#ImSingleBecause I can't stop jamming out to music in my room
I mean... I do it sometimes, but I really hate it when people touch my stomach to indicate they're going to say something to me.
Who's #42 on the Orioles? He looks familiar.
Ah! Directioneeer! :D
On my way to see authors Bodie and Brock Thoene in Santa Barbara. We're meeting on the pier.
gangsters don't play.
aw :3 miss you too. Sumner is upon us, we might have time to finally hang out again!
Today I stand on my own - proud, happy, loved, and eternally grateful to be living this wonderful, beautiful life.
it's all thats on my mind.
still luv u doe....cant hate
My 11 year old brother is listening to Good Charlotte. Oh the memories.
I am trying to Tweet you, but you will not come up. This is bullshit.
RT: Our #mediachat guest this week is and topic will be SM from a
It’s your personal brand.
Just so you know, ford fiestas are much more popular on the left coast.
Getting challenged to a golf match when I get home with ... Quote "I googled how to play... I'm now a pro"
your tweet about Rhinestone Cowboy now has the song ringing in my ears, echo of a 70s rural childhood in Wisconsin
Got to talk to my friend T Ray today, realized how much I miss good friends that are far away... I'm lucky my friendships defy geography.
her phone number but a better phone
^ I'd just as soon stay home and raise babies. June Allyson
: & Klody will you guys be I'm south Florida anytime this summer? < will be
Mornin, Cat! We miss you, girl! So need to hang! Happy EARLY Friday -D&M
Garnet got up! Sheesh..
What's up for New Years Eve in Albuquerque Gals?!
Just dont know how to tell him :[
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. I FOLLOWED BACK.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. THANKS
just made it here
Don't compete with anyone else. Compete with yourself.
If only artest was shooting good tonight, we'd be up by at least 10
Remote Conductor is 30% off, now through Valentines Day!
Just learned a new word, thanks to : GRAUPEL. Is it pronounced GROP-el, grop-EL, or grow-pel? Either way, it's exciting!
haha so true! RoseArt material never cut it for me. Their crayons were too waxy.
what's the brew for the lehigh win? If you were around in pgh I'd crack a rare.
I miss you let's hang out soon!!
I don't know! Everyone I know didn't, and I know some proposals were spot on.
oh, well in that case *grabs uni-cycle & twister game* be right there!!
"If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes." - A. Carnegie
I'm tweeting you.
[Reason #5 cont]: so come watch the game at 6:30 & you'll already be downtown to jumpstart to your Sat night!
A2Z Development Center inc., part of the Amazon group located in Orange County, CA is looking for a talented Senior Game Development Engine…
Loves that isn't forgetting its roots and is representing in Eau Claire tonight! Wish I were home a week earlier!
Lost our first game today...4 to 2...thats oka we gonna win next time!!
Last year Texas finished 2-6 in the conference, DEAD LAST in the Big XII South. Didn't think I would ever see that...
Were you able to read this? Text You of the day: "Thank you for all the gifts I don't even think about"
10 days until Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Fully Charged Circus!
YES WE DO! We will plan & put ideas together until we find the succeeding one! Haha!
Congrats to Dean Pees on becoming the Ravens new Defensive Coordinator. Also congrats on becoming a head coach in a few years thanks to Ray.
you should text cuz my phone got low minutes
goin ham on dis pad, need da egg n cheese..sittin so high up,my nose bleed..u gotta crawl before u walk..lets proceed
Brian!! Nuff respect =)
Thank u! RT : Happy birthday !!
honestly, I love this EcoATM idea. I'll be first in line
RT : Know anyone looking for a unique fun job? We're looking for someone to help in the daily ops of our new DESSERT TRUCK!
I love RadioLab, haven't missed an episode yet. Awesome! Thanks for the rec.
Oh! Well the one here means call the office... How'd you figure it out? Lol
I appreciate that. That why we did a company bbq
lol pick me up some magazines
Last night at the JDRF Rainbow gala, Copper Kettle did it's part to help raise over 2 million dollars for Type 1 Diabetes research!
It has been noted that the path to immigration in this country is difficult and, when done correctly, can take between 6 and 12 years
follow Bartab_SF so we can tweet about you!
yay you're on twitter! :)
its sad to see all these champs go down this post season
Hi Pam, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Bryz asks Crosby, Why You Hef To be Mad At Flyers, Here your teem Hef free goals all night!
t-minus nine days until cheer camp :3
Top. Down.
thank you :)
Really enjoying NeYo as a mentor.
Why waste your life hateing? It gets you no where.
What's up? Is it raining there?
Man I want a beer right about now.
I can see Morey prying Josh Smith away from Atl.
Check out my new twitter page ! A new weight loss project!
It's shocking what it comes to when your life is such a mess- how easy it is to lose it all and I lost it I confess.
Wipe away your tears, and wipe away the people who made you cry. Only you can Create your own Happiness Love Life and it will love you back
Watching the 3 Stooges, I never get tired of them. They make me laugh!
If you haven't heard of , you just did and go check out his music!! Super awesome! His artist name is "Verskotzi" go check it!
Could you please signal to Nora to please check her email ASAP?
I argued with my husband about Madonna being for the "older" crowd at the SB - now here I am not so sure about Springsteen
I like how every one looks like shit today because we are all tired
I'm officially challenging for the title of
I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute
now dan yingling has called dan yingling back
Seattle, this December? See you there?
Exactly! We are completely wireless & w/ AppleCare our support is outsourced to Apple stores. We save money in the long run.
Y I shouldn't
Every company needs to embrace it imho RT : Social media isn't right for every client #ComDay it's a tool not the end all be all.
Get it together and come ready to play on Monday.
But yer special is looking good dude!
What an incredible show at the Smiling Moose tonight! Thank you again to Steve Hawk and Autumn Burning for each putting on a hell of a show!
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
My 1st- time class at Hofstra has a wait list and a second section opening up: "So You Want to be a Voice Over Actor." www.ce.hofstra.edu
i stick to the script i memorize the lines cuz life is a movie that i've seen too many times
#NPTech Tip: Instead of rushing, get your voice & kinks worked out before your blog gets published. You'll save time in the long run
Tell Mama Henderson Happy Mothers Day From All Us Rushers!!
Don't rain on my parade.
Almost vacation time! we
updated his BIo on Facebook! Go check it out and then go check me out on TV! lol :-)
Go follow !!!
Someone play me in words!!! jessicag.kennedy
Way to go Sparty!
Bacon cooked with RT : Just made it....bacon is what are chittychatting about??
haha hit my phone man
work priorities are all over the place... i'm getting confused.
Ron dePeter: Disney's That Darn Cat (only) flirts with granting Haley Mills sexual independence.
that'd be fun.!
Who wants to join our BikeMS team? www.tinyurl.com/WisconsinMS150
CHEESE BURGERS N FRENCH FRIES
Don't feel good. :(
Insider #KentuckyDerby tip: if the vehicle is anything "stretch" there is not a celebrity inside.
Ugh! Disgusted =/
exactly “: We could save a lot of time if Natalie just told these dudes en masse: You is kind. you is smart. You is important.”
LMAO where have you been? It's been 3 months and we've got dumb cute pictures on FB. is the jerk lol
About to do my morning run. Morning world.
Thank you for the RTs and love! Wishing you a wonderful weekend!
awwwhh, I LOVE MY MOM ! she just read the note and started crying <33
Good morning!! Another beautiful Cincinnati day!! :)
I'm the happiest I've been in a while. More things are good than bad for once. I hope my luck lasts(:
Happy Easter!!
October 1st deadline coming up for a January start date with the Minority Awards Program! Visit our website for more details!
I don't want a relationship where people say, 'They look so cute together.' I want one where they say, 'Look how happy they are together.'
i appreciate you informing me!!
nine hours of sleep was not enough
Terrible news about Fenway Park PA Carl Beane. Always saw him on level 9 during B's games. Condolences to his family & close friends. RIP.
ThanksGiving Was The Best I Ate ALil Too Much
Nicholas Maybury!Leave it alone RT : As soon as my grandma goes to bed I'm taking her electric scooter for a joy ride!
13 days until I go to !! I'm super pumped(: I get to see my friend Micah cuz she's going with me...yeah life's good.
i love iconic boyz
STOP BUNTING. I HATE YOU
How come all these people that got big out of no where have some skinny heads? Look at them.
yeah looks can decieve you. Haha
Cause i like it like that, YEAH!
If you’re sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air put your hands up in the air, girl, put your hands up
..a strange and mad public it is that exacts from the painter the utmost originality and then only accepts him when he is like the others..
“: #GodGreat” Over everything!!
Works every time RT RT : up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A
Please please please,, :(
haha i just looked and didnt see him
That's awesome! Seems impossible but once you get past the hump its fairly easy. Give it a good 30 days. Expect some withdrawal.
at the field trip so far its boring eatin doritos!!!
i wonder if you pay a nerd to do your homework like in those movies...will they actually do it?!?
DM ya info and ill send ya some records to write to.
Shameful RT : Joe Nuxhall is not among the 10 finalists for the Ford Frick award for 2012
At the airport heading to #Seattle for wedding! #yayforweddings!
When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.
Is anyone up ??
Believe it or not this guy will be sessioning with a country band tonight @ barracuda in Norman. C'mon bitches!
Oh my G-d, this is Berlin-level shoving.
taking hot ass showers when you have a cold is the dankest
You used to be the life of the party. You used to be the best fuderwacker in all of Witt's End.
how many int's was that in the spring game ?
I have an interview with Wayne Davis of TRNE with the info on video. Will upload tonight:)
Got my taxes and form 700's done this week. I'm ahead of the game.
Just found the 10 dollars AGAIN! :O
Every time I speak I see 100 grand
Not quite yet. We'll send out announcements once registration details are available. We just wanted to get it on calendars!
lol ... Seriously ! Yes Leslie (from smash) is so talented, and the woman who played his mother and his sister
just seen it
chewing stride always mandarin gum again. it's very delicious - eugene
Most successful people challenge the conventions of society. If u arent doing the same as everyone else dont fret. You're on the right track
And fingers-crossed?!? We should defo design our own emoticons app. “: Dang..there's no cookie Emoji. Clearly they can do better.”
Woah okay, first Christopher Ingles cuts his hair, then Alex Gaskarth? What's the world coming too? D:
Dinner plans? A drizzly night calls for a cocktail and our ricotta gnudi (it's the last week to get it!). See ya tonight!
Thank you for coming to the concert! We are glad you enjoyed the music!
At this point it's a lose-lose. The O's should forfeit. They're gonna have no pitchers versus the Rangers.
My coworkers have been asking how "nerd camp" was & I'm resisting the urge to say "This one time at data camp..."
dying to get ahold of that. Heading to Rock Bottom today. Never had their brews.
It's about to be a Dallas Green or Dashboard Confessional night
Note to Assad: if you are a mass murderer trying to slip under the radar, try not having a Hitler mustache.
The moon is supposed to look like the alien ship from "Independence Day" tonight. This is the best time for an invasion.
Stoked to see Wil Crombie's visualizations at 5/10 !! Would love to do a show w you guys this summer !!
Hey! ...first time here great food great place .loved ACIDIC....#FUEL UP NEXT. ..STOKED!!! \m/
i hate when people steal my phone and dont give it back for five hours.
I should of!
Obviously it's severe prejudice toward mortarboards.
anyone have any contacts with trucking companies in UT or CO?
Omw to church with this massive headache, hopefully it goes away
ah dang! It's okay, everyone knows we're still better
ugh no I can only iMessage 😞
...if ever there was a time when I wish I were deaf..this shit is horrible!!!! Dayum, she should have had a ghost writter..smh
If you have two, I would race your face off.
judging people for drinking
Game 7. We're definitely ready! Go
Stitches are so fun
looking for female bartenders if you know anyone looking!
Ariel Warning by Robert Kalich, best-sellng author The Handicapper pubs in April. Critics have you received your galley? DM me!
no clue yet. Will let you know when I know.
Like a weightless currency, your words don't mean shit to me. I'm always cashing out.
Some days the beauty of Boston's skyline catches me off guard.
Hey Moms!! We hope you have a great Mother's Day.
On my way to orlando , week off my family are here with me and we are go to walt disney world visit Mickey and Minnie mouse lol :))
1) happy xmas 2) I was just telling the other day she could use an ereader! W00t with the gift giving!
I know right. im gonna love being 17 almost as much as I have loved 16....maybe more!
At in Santa Monica. Kinda bummed; no sign of anywhere.
Follow, please? ( : Thanks.
Cool! Fun presenting to med students: "Reliability of Self-Reported Ancestry: Or, Don't Believe Everything Your Patient Says"
thank you for the #FF. Made my day. Simple, easily-pleased gal here.
did you happen to find any sites that are legit, safe, and... Oh yea legit!
If you owe me money from 10+ yrs ago & you see me on the grocery store #keepitmoving I wrote you off 10 yrs so lol
Go get him bro! You're gonna manhandle that British bastard!
Headed to Bama to help my mom celebrate 60years of life!!!! Super excited, & Easter with mom & dad at their church!
we are going to ride genetically-altered gorillas doday in youth group
baby bats are called bittens?
What are you welcoming people to?
Charles Du Bos~ The important thing is this to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
It is kind of strange to me...I don't know!
*Slaps ass* get out and win this game bro.
I just finished a 1.01 mi run with a pace of 10'33"/mi and a time of 10:39 with Nike+ GPS.
I only have a one day weekend and I spend it sleeping everytime 😒
“: Dudes who tweet me about the body found in the canal You are the Carlos Mencia of tweeters Real original u c this?
Take my kindness for weakness, I'll take your life as a joke.
Just saw y'all set a date for The World's End. I can't wait for another Pegg/Wright collaboration.
You would through a Florida sticker on there. Although I may not be a fan, I support school spirit! ;)
I'm not so sure about you're eye balls! He should have thrown Atleast 4 ints
it proves siobhan is a true divabitch!
I actually told my mom that a few days ago... But she just laughed. Not knowing I was serious.
what is the rental price, May I ask?
“Sabr is to persevere in holding back from what Allah has forbidden and Rada is acceptance of what Allah has commanded.” -Hasan al-Basri (R)
Watching this morning for a change of pace. And because it's a Sarah Palin-free zone.
M daddy brought me some subway & a soup :)
These umps are really fucking awful. This whole crew is a joke.
Cause it's a bitter sweet symphony this life.
- I didn't get a chance to get to Petunia's but had an awesome seafood gumbo!
Omg I accidentally just delete my DM from Madison. Crying.
For the New Year - live wiser, healthier, stronger. Make time for yourself, take a risk, explore...This is how I plan to spend 2012!
A dark incantation: "I Hate Love. I Love Hate."
Loll!!! follow back??
One week till NYC, two more weeks till Iowa! Can't wait
Happy birthday hunnie! 🎉🎈
Sup?! I follow back!! ;) Follow me!!
Finally..just give the ball to kobe!!!
cut outs from old magazines and a glue stick keeps us entertained!
I realize I now sleep text. Oh joy.
Finally.... Yes, jumping up and down screaming daddy's home
You're a psychopath I think I love you haha! PS, I need a haircut. When you available?
Thanks for posting! As a former Winchester Mystery House (San Jose, CA) tour guide, I'm glad to see guides & tours gettin' some <3
Oh my gosh, am I wearing enough greyish-blue?
thank u! Follow me at my name again
Sometimes I hate sixteen-hour workdays. But then sometimes I get an email about Bowdle's "Men's Early Birth" tournament.
It's possible it's nothing, but the Cubs are likely sellers and the Brewers may be looking to add pieces, so it's worth noting.
Request granted. When do you want to stop in?
Javon said the hoes was going crazy over him! CHECK HIM OUT
migrating to Rosa Mexicana!
I just fell down the stairs :'( idk how but I did
Bulls vs heat 2nite (Bernie Mac voice)
: what on earth are you talking about Goldilocks?
Kobe is on fire!! Nobody competes like my boy. Let's go!! Lakeshow
Nicki Minaj just set rap music back 15 years. The Grammys are probably just gonna do away with the rap categories now
So much goes through my head as soon as I put my head down to fall asleep.
Oh. Tempting.
You got that right my co-host is none other than on Friday morning. I hear he'll share dancing tips!
what happened to twerk team servicr pack?
#GiadasValentine RICH DOUBLE CHOCOLATE CHIP CAKE. #AWESOME”
Trying to figure out why we're in Hollywood on a Thursday night.
Preciatee da Follow, Keep in touch:)
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
Thanks for the following!
Brown Center Report Part I: The Common Core will have little to no effect on student achievement.
how much ate u trying to spend?
that is great news! I'm happy to hear that they are all okay!
I followed back
sure he does loves you in Yoga pants
Between the red of L'Ville, neutral white, and UK blue, the national anthem feels extra patriotic
Thank you, Rosie!
once I'm fresh outta du shower I spray cologne on du wifebeater then hop in bed wit her 
I love that pinball wizard song and always have so I was slightly bias I am so glad they won they deserved it :D
Iam bout to get my hoddie next week
Requiem For a Dream is on, saw it once , still have nightmares. Pass
Get out ppls relationship , its not your place n never will be .
So glad & thankful to have my parents in town for a short time. They are such a great expression of God's love. Hate seeing them leave...
What do you think about Tannehill?
THERE AIN'T NO SUCH THING AS A FREE LUNCH
it was your bday today? Happy birthday! Hope it was awesome! :)
Wow! RT : Jesus, Austin. 9 homicides in 2012? WTF guys? It's only April.
Excited to be a trusted interior decorator for the fantastic ! Thanks Erin!
"When the vision you see around you doesn’t match what God has spoken to you, you’ve got to close your eyes & hold on to what you’ve heard."
You're a mean one, Mr. Drupal.
So I can't have my grill on my patio. Sad that my apt wasn't aware it was a fire violation when they said it was ok. Smdh!
Rumor has it is in the new York times.
My tongue is the only muscle on my body that works harder than my heart.
Cool breeze off the lake chased my sunshine lunchtime indoors.
+ 1 RT : #WhatWouldTomDo Let people that lost their homes keep their settlement money.
Last chance. Try shooting a bottle of wine, first unopened, then with a poured glass next to it. Perfection! Tomorrow: what's upsetting you?
I have seen the Divine.
The only thing that would make you hotter is a fractured skull and some blood. Isn't that your trademark look?
I asked you first bitch.
I think I'm on the mend back to health... Determined to be well by this weekend ;)
The Game and Lil Wayne make a pretty good team.
no problem :)
Yep! Miss you!
what time do you want to do #puppyhike on Saturday? I figured Saturday bc of Corey's thing. Jordyn is so excited.
(c) my revision because I got quite sick. Point is, in order to catch up, revise and do well, I won't be on Twitter very much at all for (c)
She allows fear of the past and the memory of past experiences to hold her back-just as we all do when it comes to our relationships
I couldn't agree more. the sun drained all of my energy.
You have until Thursday December 31, 2009 to get the Crowned Prince & Princess Charm early bird rate.
Bahahaha my mom is so awkward. In response to telling her i'm feeling unwell she immediately says "You better not be pregnant!"
any good sushi recommendations for lunch in Los Angeles? And restaurants. I'm here till May 5th.
That's awesome. You are officially a chowderhead! You need to get to Fenway for a game.
Friends make everything better :)
Are you still at the encampment on East Wash?
Big deal. I'm never wearing pants (when drinking).
I do indeed love #blue! Um, just don't make me look like one of those #Avatar people? Please? Lol
(: RT : So totally stoked for my fourth season of !!!!!!!!!!!!! We will of course dominate the league again.
text me both of you. I've got somethin to tell you !
Tons of new sale items now! Also we brought in over 300 new men's and women's items this week so far. Come by and check us out!!!
Never follow someone who can't see further than you. #vision never killed anyone
alas love, I think it is. I'll do an extra steam bath for u today & am saving your lounge chair nxt to me for NYE 2013! 
Buss a nut roll a blunt now I'm rejuvenated
Let's all hope #TFC don't get steamrolled vs. #CSL like #SSFC did
I had enough film stock and lab money to shoot trailer for DAKOTA'S DOVE my feature. Thanks for asking.
Can't Wait!!!
How else will they learn? I consider it an act of kindness. A sometimes loud act of pointed kindness.
Jesus i live to love you , you are my hearts desire <3
Interesting stat. An 8 sec average isnt too shabby. the average museum goer spends 8 seconds in front of a work of art.
#PeopleNeedToStop putting off buying uniforms for their employees! A printed tee or embroidered polo is free advertising! Call 877-244-9913
I won't worry about next Tuesday, because next Tuesday hasn't happened yet. I will worry about it when I find out what it really is.
*contented sigh* RT : That moment you realize you never have to take that person's crap ever again.
lol out was!!!
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives. -Jackie Robinson
I just watched Isaac do a shot of whiskey. What a old man.
Thanks. They are little angels, mostly when they sleep.
l BrazilLovesAustinMahone l
pro drummers living in miami , where are you?
hey!! i'm great. busy work week of course. you?
Well I guess it's nap time, before I have to go to work. Plus it' my Friday. Please stop raining, I don't like being wet!!!
RT : RT : BREAKING: Adele declared winner of GOP debate
maybe this is why I follow you on twitter. To try to figure out what your tweets mean
I ate a burrito during my break and now all I wanna do is take a siesta.
either! “: Happy Mothers day! Can you do 6:30? Or I am fine with 7 too! XO”
But that howard goal was awesome...
Appears to be about in proportion to female attendance as a whole, unfortunately. Hopefully next year!
gone head and preach.
I use low fat everything in mine. No fat free cheese
It works well, but after a couple of days I feel like my body adjusts to it. So it works best for me in spurts.
still have jason thomas madison louis open for gf in my story just tweet me
me too, I've been craving it for months. Who has dreams about restaurants like that!? Lol
what did run?
I wonder what it woul be like if u were watchingv tv and u saw ur self... what would u doo?
Can you follow me back? <3
When you get a cold or flu, ask yourself who you've been around lately who was sick. The first step toward wellness is assigning blame.
Ate a bowl of my famous chili tonight and can honestly say, if your chili recipe doesn't have habaneros or pepperoni in it, it sucks!
i don't understand why Tre keeps selling stories to magazines cept for the money, she's not helping matters...
Two old couple walks in and I immediately thought of the movie "The Notebook." UGH, it was so sad.
Tonight's #MadMen came with a caveat about sexual content and adult situations. Isn't that every episode?
Matt Haggman #OCOG says Miami is "change" with most ingredients for entrepreneurship.
I imagine that SUV to look kind of like the one in "Twister" except far more aerodynamic!
Get your votes in, only a few hours left!
Phillies sign Cliff Lee!!!
i wish that would follow me:) id be the happiest person on earth!
I like ordering at bill millers. They always get my moms complicated orders right (:
i love him! Best valentine ever! I couldn't ask for more:) but the days not over ;)
I think chocolate should be on the seven deadly sins.
Anyone want FREE Lucero tickets?
I'm on tumblr instead of doing my homework
I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me
Daylight savings time will happen over #GURT2011 weekend. Remember to "spring ahead" on Sunday march 13th!
Retweet if you downloaded Avengers illegally just to watch it again!
I love having sex with strawberry flavored condoms lol
Overeem's attorney: The injection he was given was for anti-inflammatory. We will produce vial for inspection by NSAC.
Logo being designed, demos being recorded, drummer moving to philly in june. Puh-rah-gress. Very excited to announce the new band
I want to pull my hair out right about now
May 31st :D
any clue when they might be back in stock? I don't want to miss out!
how are you alive
Seriously is such an inspiration for me. I cannot wait for her EP
I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT THAT SHOW! We're so great :)
Hope to make it to show at tonight right after my show. She doesn't mind late-comers anyway. As long as they come.
ugh I hate that target, sloppy stock of inventory and unprofessional staff. It's a bit of a trek but the (contd)
2 days until our headlining show at Louie G's! Hit us up for a $5 ticket!
One Hour Recall Walker Training at Bourbon Street Grille in Monona on Thursday Nov. 10th from 4-5.
Saw the #Avengers a little bit ago. I'm still mixed on it. I had a fever and the only prescription was more Tony Stark. Still waiting.
if it took one million times longer to SAY the word "trillion" as it does the word "million," the magnitude of difference would be clearer.
Are you sure you shouldn't second guess yourself? ;-)
Ok I miss my lil man now! Lol!
I replied to a tweet and it looked like master Yoda wrote it...
No. Not even good I don't want him.
Schadenfreude (n): pleasure derived from the misfortune of others.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless the look makes when she finds out something shocking
trying to order online, not succeeding. Is something screwed up with your server/site?
Driving to my Chicago home later on today with Brendon, Gia, Samuel, Daniel , nd kylie
Thank You Farragut for another beautiful day at the park! See you all next week!
are you guys heading out here as well?
Headed to #OBSESSIONS tonight have not had any #BlueMotherfucker all weekend, time to re-up
I'll be there tonight. With fucking bells on.
taught Mud how to shake today.. talk about a fast little learner.
And thank you for encouraging dippin'! RT : Thanks on the RT to the Cool => Take a dip today! :-{)}}}}
There's nothin quite like twitter when you are sittin on the shitter...
Good Morning Everybody! How are you enjoying the 55 degrees weather here in Indy?
2MORROW NIGHT 12/12/09 @ 3 Little Birds Salon A Cancer Awareness Benefit & Art Expo! Look fwd 2 see everyone there :)
i like ur twitter name, at first glance i was like who the hell is that
Haha my sister said Justin is a cutie I'm like no he's more than that she's like okay a hottie Im like no he's even more than that!! :) LOVE
i have it but i've never watched it
thanks for letting me know. Wishing the women in your life a great Mother's Day! My best.
RT : Sorry Tara is not skilled enough to carry Ronda Bra strap. Yeah I said it!! ~ Wow, that's rough, dude.
Ok damn lakers. This is just embarrassing ....
1) Zayn taught me to face my fears.
I am going to have that lazy harp seal song stuck in my head all day and I am totally OK with that.
It's a great day for iced coffee, that's for sure! Stay cool
Smart phones become computers, Will your smart phone become your new computer?
Maybe, but I doubt it. They would play Green at 2B and Ishy at 1B.
Can't be anywhere as good as what people in NYC say...
It's tequila time!
beautiful... Sacramento's a little nondescript
Our ancestors were exploring and painting the caves of Southern France and Northern Spain when that bacteria was multiplying.
stress produces more cortisol, a hormone that allows the body to store fat, increases blood pressure, & weakens the immune system
This kind of weather makes me so stinkin lincoln tired....
Wow. Crazy football day
A2: Re: Marketability - ask Geico if being good = recognition. If you have to say athletes name in commercial, there is a problem
To sleep or not to sleep.. Cause I seriously don't care tonight. Whatevs.
And you should totally skip work and come to the shore!!
high quality online gaming space. cool stuff
Games can also be delayed or canceled for other forms of inclement weather, or if the field is found to be unfit for play,
That totally sucks. Wish I could break those dang twitterjail bars and free you.
"You must remember that some things legally right are not morally right." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
Food then movie with my nigga
thanks for coming in. What did you think?
you opened my eyes to they other side of love
you step in the bar and immd shit becomes legit
Thanks for visiting the gallery!
'Non Profit Entrepreneurs' #npechat twitter chat Friday est. Discussing traditional media vs. social media.
Come into Provence on 21st Ave for free samples of Noble Springs Dairy Goat Cheese!
Super awesome WI weather
Keeping prog alive every day! www.reverbnation.com/agoraforte
I know, thats how you can tell the world is gonna end lol
WHOA!!!!Did you guys SEE HEAR that lightning thunder. THUNDERSNOW!!!
If you chose a dream #shopping #spree, where would it be? #NYC, #London, #Paris...?
#THATCampOSU "You're crazy if you think you can do it by yourself." Cindy on DH.
it's a good thing the heartless attacked because they'd have gotten two days into that raft journey and realized "oh shit we're so dead"
oh sure now you mention it lol
Hav been out n abt. Much lov to every1. Hope every1 is having a great night/day :D
AND YOU! STOP HAVING CURLY HAIR!
Just took the family to see I laughed, I cried (sucker for love that wins in the end), then I laughed again.Great movie!
Just tested out the footage over at the Camera 3 on this rainy day before the San Jose Short Film Festival...it's movie time!
Goldie, that's my type of shiettt
lol yeah creepin is never good for anyone ;)
if you arent here by 1 dont bother im tired
Aw that's sweet. Do you rule the sws fanbase now hm
no matter what happen i will always support you and defend you ♥ Victorians are here for you :{) I love you Vic!
lol get over it
Happy Reconnecting , Hope you are doing well :)
Horray for the Minnesota vikings. Congrats for the win guys.
Looking for website/community developer - will pay. reply back!
Outdated measurement RT Nielsen's sample size represents 0.02% of all U.S. TV homes, mrktrs rely 2 validate $70B in spend
I'm going from memory of Sheffler rpt. Costs of "closing" pension are main issue.
Not enough TV shots of Ashley Judd tonight. Poor job!
way up!
and re: suicide rate...not surprised given stakes to get in....years of prep. & rewarded by enrollment. cc:
The Grand Prize Winner of our "I'm a [fill in the blank] #WONK Photo Contest and an iPad2 is Congratulations.
no worries there's usually a dealer not to far from where ever you are.
can ur light hitting Gnats come thru here bases loaded
is a sucker for "pweese."
Nice to see former KEYT Santa Barbara reporter Paul Vercammen getting some great exposure on CNN right now. He paid his dues in local news.
When we think Mrs. Womble says "Jandrew"
Shooting Sketch comedy show at #HiPointStudios with cast of #Static. Miss you
#madison A bit chaotic looking. Maybe clearer div bet history and current?
I love these!
I am cuter in person. :) and thanks I think you are cute too
The annoying moment when you run over your own banana peel in Mario Kart. Fail
merci pour tout
I love hotels that offer small recycling bins IN the rooms! Also rooms where lights/AC operate only when key card is in a slot
are you dating abby miller??
Totally dug your interview with - Made my day.
I don't know but I like it... might start using it "I mightn't be there tomorrow"
ok ... LOL... If he comes close enough, I'LL BE THERE!!! So count me in on any plans!!
My house is SOO creepy at night, especially since I'm home alone 😱
My Neck Hurt Yoo .
Yes. On the agenda so far: Reel Thing, business lunches, cataloging & education committee meetings, meet lots of current students
I got too hungry to stay at the library. Good luck with your paper!
YES, & why are you not RESHOWING THIS for Downton fans to keep them in clutches?
Art tomorrow with now this shall be interesting;D
thanks. that was really f'ed up of him...
okay just remind me tomorrow bro!!
A picture is all the trouble I'm going to go throught to prove. If you were a true mahomie.. You'd believe me(:
YO!!! Eric, how's that IronMan training going???
Per Pares => By his peers
Feels good to chill on a Friday night
yeah. New neighbor. I'm glad u stuck my nose in...that's all I'll say.
Haha I know! All of the boys are just full of beauty :)
You know black girls do actually have the ability to grow hair longer than their shoulders
1945- Adolph Hitler moved his headquarters from the Reich Chancellery to a bunker deep below street level.
#FreeEADave please RT!!! Get it trending!
Sleep is for the birds bee
Great article about Bart Deham. Please update on the regional meet.
week after colin is three witches: lovespell
I hear good things are in your future! I have some plans I want to execute. Wanna be involved?
zach galifianakis between two ferns marathon....he's funny
whats so crazy is that just yesterday me n was sayin how #Iggy is overrated! oops
Leon and the Reckless All Stars are rockin' the brewpub tonight! Join us!
Plz let this day go by fast, I want to snuggle w/ my luv bug...
What's everyone listening to at work or at home today?
Merry Christmas ......
Asm Ed committee beginning now... I just got back from a tour of all of these members' offices urging them NOT to institutionalize gossip.
#FactsWithoutWikipedia Wikipedia does not need your donations.
Trying to see am I going to school or not.....
2nd seed my friend
haha where are you??
i'm fine :) how old are you?
It's the last day of MCAS testing for many BPS schools! Congrats to all of our hardworking students and staff.
Are you a senior tax accountant considering new opportunities? We have an exciting new position with a great CPA firm. Experience with indi…
strugglin to make a livin hell of life
Hey girly what is your main youtube chan??? I am not sure I am subbed to the right one. You have more than one right?
Oh my gosh , I'm still alive . It's miracle... not !
If your crush doesn't like you, then he's not worthy to be with someone as AWESOME AS YOU <3
does that mean no hair dying? because i think you should keep your hair as is...it is beautiful! what tattoo are you getting?
Happy Mother's Day! How are you celebrating?
tonight at can't wait! Saw him in Miami and he killed it!! Need more #Arty in my life :D
After the rain the grass will grow; after wine, conversation
The #Magic doing work
Hehe ;) I hhave to be original
First day of summer and the weather could not be more perfect
oh well. I don't follow him.. haha
And then I'll die and you'll be all like, "She did that for attention," and someone will realize I'm dead.
well, act like you are practicing.
My Nigga been M.I.A ever since he got the drivers license & ah car
My entire life is now "Hammock" worthy. I just watched my mother feed antidepressants to a cat.
Convinced Emanuel Steward is chronically punch drunk.
my daughter doing the same...wants to score higher than her brother did a few years ago
Caddies at Baltusrol for two years when I was living in Jersey.
House was a one-story ranch. Cause of explosion not known. About 20 homes evacuated.
Can barely keep my eyes open and I've been up for 30 minutes. In for a long day.
Any of my #campnanowrimo peeps around & up for a preparatory #campnanosprint? We have to get our fingers into fighting shape by next month!
i will now do jumping jacks while i watch tv as exercise. lols.
"Bru Tip": Meet frequently w/ someone you respect w/ positive traits you admire. Their positive attitude will become part of you.
Up & at 'em have a fantastic hump day!
sexy thang u
Henderson in response to Sen Paul: Brown v. Board established federal role for equality; that principle hasn't changed.
thanks so much for the spotlight yesterday! I can't wait to see all my Six Degrees friends at the first event of 2012!!
Happy birthday honey!! I hope you have a fabulous day! You know I love you!!
Anyone watching the game think the pens have a comeback chance in the third period?
follow me plse my bday is almost ova!
I have more followers than you
lls bruh you ain't have no excuse this time to be rocking that shirt
in his defense, I don't know this missing person either.
how old is your son? I hope my daughter does that when she's old enough to have a phone! Aw
Time to short GOOG?
2012 UIL baseball playoffs - ESPN (blog)
"Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
our 09 Fit had the same problem!
thank you very much! How is Wyoming?
Trivia tonight | 7:30pm. Practice Q: What animal's diet is made up almost entirely of eucalyptus leaves? No Cheating
I gave my heart to my kids... I don't have one....
Happy B-Day 2 My Favorite Rapper BoosieBadAzz Every Song I Tweet Will Be Boosie #FreeBoosie Wish He Was Out He'll Be Killin Shit.Problems.
Amazing track workout this morning. It's audition time. I am lucky, and I love that I am filled with this passion. Happy holidays tweepers!
hey girl hope ur having fun ! See ya when I get back!
Thank you for the follow. Do you have a lot of tolls on road where you live?
Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives. ~ Abba Eban
Gossip Girl is so lame. Why do I waste my time! Blair just be with Chuck. End of story.
so cool! Last years line up was just as great as this years :)
I'm addicted to 's "We Are Young." It features She's from KC, like me :)
party at the crib?? goodshitttt ill spread the wordd
tonight after the tigers....going to shock the world
Never had it so good <3
Bill Maher's New Rules for #TimeMagazine in last night's 'Real Time' on HBO = scathingly brilliant.
.... I am on a budget.... How much do you think it will cost?
will you be attending nearby Bob Jones University?
So tired of all my music.
only one way to find out! :)
Int'l reporter Doug McGill's key tool in covering stories on a local level: find the large w/in the small.
Ref must be a fan!
Enjoy your trip! legends
The gifts section w/ products on is ingenious
I like
I think ima buy a bike next summer.......
aw! i need to get my butt in gear for a housewarming!!!
I just want to be for a day.
indeed. The confirmation gives us something solid to look forward to now lol Now to hope for sneak peeks! :D
I'll give you it, the ump was bad. So inconsistent.
looking forward to catching up with friends tomorrow :)
My JAM!!!!! RT #np I'd rather be with you - Bootsy Collins
Comedy/Burrito. That sounds great...RT : My friend is trying to get a comedy/burrito festival off the ground in San Francisco.
RT We are still going ahead with our scheduled events! <Yes! Victory is ours! Enemy retreats!
So sorry to hear that. Hope all is ok?
Is it awkward if I wish to follow me now? :D oh god I wish he would notice me now(; I'll give him some pizza if he do lol
How come all the pretty girls like you are taken, baby?
Should have been 6..
Happy tears.
What are you guys going to be for Halloween this year?
Can't wait til easter .... All those giggles,hugs,and smiles and celebrating jesus :) ... Theres a kid in me too
“: RIP #MCA, dude was trill” #ill #licensetoill #illcommunication ill > trill
parked cars are my specialty
I'd live a reprint of your last one. Several folks recommend it. So sorry I missed the boat.
Tony Allen's job should be dunks/layups/defense. Nothing else.
has the BEST wireless bras ever! Check them out: Essential BodyWear - Over 40 Females did!
NY is the center of the universe, sorry azzhole over it. If you want cookie cutter communities than NY is not for you.
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND!
oh well umm... TOO BAD.
So far, been spending my new year's day slicing the grav lax that has been curing for 3 days. It turned out pretty well if I say so myself!
RT : Balderas says his office has made a recommendation to the DFA to take over
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident N Lamar at Braker
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves. Richard Rorty
your so rude!!! asshole :p
Who makes the protocol? They're at the top.
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're allowing fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
Feeling accomplished. Moved around a ton of stuff in my apartment today...
no cause if you would taken your camera , you could of taken a picture with billy since 8:00 !
Rise Above Hate
There's a Verizon guy pitching some people at Alterra… Ha! I do NOT miss that business...
My new gold reflector..changing my photography one photo at a time!
Phenomenal SUCCESS at the Graduate #ResearchForum! THANKS to those came out! And CONGRATS to the winners! Photos and winners updated soon.
no love for breakfast tacos? Don't know how I would live with out them. #i'mnative
I'm so exhausted. I don't wanna get out of bed but my bet is that is probably a gorgeous day. Idk if I'm ready to face reality today.
What's the total net worth of the folks in the famous Romney picture with money coming out of their pockets?
HAPPY NEW YEAR from your friends at PlanetTran!
Follow me plzz
That's cool and not really. I wanna sleep. Lol. Love that show(:
Speak goodness into other peoples lives happy Friday
Passed out on the overpass, sunday best and broken glass.
how the fuck... I've gotten 1.2mil can't even get that now
rondo shouldn't worry about his three point %. Needs to work on his free throw % well before he worries about his 3pt %
lol. Sure. Y not?
