what internet streaming site do you use?
To be nice imma sleep on the floor so err body else can sleep on my bed
ahi baby :'/ the shit we go through man....
as I do. I think if you trade Staal, wait and do it at the deadline.
ICC appoints Cym Lowell as Vice-Chair of the Taxation Commission: See ICC website.
talking to my best friend hooker #imisshim :)
Sir Richard-the-Chicken-Hearted. ~ Hubert H. Humphrey about Richard Nixon
Thanks to Scott Cormode from Fuller Theological Seminary for inspiring and insightful talk on #leadership at Old South Church in Boston!
love love the performance!!
Too expensive for what? A single monopoly airline in Philadelphia would be way more profitable than several competing airlines.
#MilkshakeCityDirectionersGoMOO well in that case... Mo! I love being a Milkshake City directioner :)
No worries Timmy.
let's carpool! sounds good to me!
Who is that? O_O
well they already lost of they are playing for that IMO
Ah. Too many notification emails. Must fix this.
Jus dropped off my babe . Tell me why i miss her already ://
Travelling a bit so let me know. Orlando and Madison next week, Boston in a few and probably back to germany before long
If we include we are closing in on an all star team!
RT if you love all the girls who call themselves "Mrs. Alamia" <3
My sister saw it and said it was cute. RT : Has anyone seen Young Adult? The wife and I r thinking of seeing a movie tonight
comeuppance is a beautiful thing
#teamjesus - follow ! Ex- wiccan. Someone sent me a link to an interview - power.
Happy New Year Aplin Family Members Around the World
announces Ian Bakst will be sitting in for Doug at the The Shana Foundation Skate Jam in Long Branch on 6/19 and sitting with Doug at GA!
To everyone posting fake tv cancellation rumors as fact, I have a fabulous line of city bridges that are selling like hotcakes; get at me.
Idc wat anybody says, a nigga making money playing bingo rite now!
Hunter: Marriage is called an institution for a reason.
Love those "light bulb moments" when I FINALLY get what God's been trying to tell me.Thank You Lord, for your patience with me.
Hey man I'm back in YYC right now. I'll be going back and forth between LA but homebase is YYC for now. Just missed you damn
Now I saw CowBoyz & Alienz! Pretty good, 2 moviez, I'm done...
How many women do you know 1) who've been to tent revivals, and 2) who drink sweet tea?
Yes, you. My contact called you an "inspiration." Whatever.
lol love you too
mint flavoured jelly is well reem.
that is actually quite disturbing.....and now an awkward silence follows.
Whats that umps deal?......
Nfl Draft tomorrow
that's the bad part I don't get, is the statement. :(
Excited about going all out promoting in August.
That result was a huge surprise!
I love Rosanne the show.
RE: Kevin's bird droppings...it's GOOD*LUCK! =)
If anyone took pictures at the Chicago Iconathon - you can add pix to the Iconathon Group on Flickr.
cheezballz > ~a stalker~
#mudmelt randy bass intr'ing Ann Pendleton from Ohio state. Here to talk design etc.
Beyoncé wins journalism award for magazine piece - Houston Chronicle (blog)
Karate Nipples >
It's a NIN's Wish kinda morning.
is everything ok?
Most impressive thing about Jay-Z's new song "Glory"? That Beyoncé didn't insist on a writing credit.
"People who make progress every day toward something they care about report being satisfied and fulfilled."
Definitely, Most Definitely.
Walking down to Spaghetti Dinner! A little nervous to meet some parents for the first time!
Thanks for cutting that short, I was getting the urge to go shoot up the mall
Does anyone else think Angelia looks grossly skinny?!
I know, but it is fun to worry people. RT : he comes back
Just saw Pranay today. It's been exactly a year since i saw him last, and it was so nice to renew that connection. It was worth the trouble.
baseball without MO just isn't right RT: Mariano: "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this.
Good point.
ONE-LINER: Whoever said nothing was impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
i have nothing to say...
of course I don't...but I would watch porn before the sleaze of #HBO #Girls. Better to forego both.
Ravens take Delaware G Gino Gradkowski with 98th overall pick.
Twerk'Sum Nation videos coming soon!!!!
MIXTAPE DONE MIXIN AN MASTERIN WELL BE OUT NEXT WEEK!!!!!!!! D.O.E THE SQUAD WE TAKIN OVER LOOK FOR IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah im okay.
Saw We Bought a Zoo for the second time today.. is the most adorable thing !! <3 great actress too!
Up early. Grateful for rest, health,clear head/heart, being surrounded by love. So much to appreciate in life. Experience reminds you. Peace
"Where the heart is willing, it will find a thousand ways.Where it is not, it will find a thousand excuses." Price
Very happy with the battery life of my iPhone 4! End of day and still plenty of charge; no more anxiety prowling for power outlets all day
Kobe is a pussy for not going for the scoring title
thank you Julia Butler for the Twitter shout out! Eat wel and later the chocolate covered Macadamia nuts
I <3 YOU ALL AND HAVE A GOOD ONE! OH YEAH! AND A HAPPY HANNUKKA AND KWANZAA TOO! (:
how about #Feinstein's column about ACC football, couldn't agree more, can we go back to 8 teams please?
It's all in moderation.
I love summer when the sun rises early and wakes me before my alarm does. Blessed sun. Blun.
cool! ThankQ much. I will post it tonight, on my blog and FB, 8pm. You'll love it. The pic turned out gorgeous when I enhanced it
Still shocked at the fact that TWEETED ME. OMFG.
lovve both of them! Ahah your brother is so cute! (: and you look so pretty in your 6th grade one!! <33
N. Carolina can bite it. Thank you
Adam is in CO right now playing firefighter. The trade in price was way low (which I expected), but it is listed on Craigslist
Memorial leaves the bases loaded but they still lead 2-0 over Cy Woods bottom 6th.
Ready to cuddle up with my boy and go to sleep ♥
Force a man coming off a screen under the basket to one direction, do not allow the cutter to go either way - use your body
yup, got it. salamat po :) don't envy you that flight, it's killer
I'm actually doin' Halloween in St.Tropez, whoever is in St.Tropez retweet this
Much better than my spy vending machine lady.
Stubble is fashionable these days :-)
Morning cousin positive energy and inspiration as always
#FF social media strategists I dig
Posted grades, received the expected complaint email alongside an unexpected one with the subject line "Thank you! I love you!"
Thanks to being a Beer-Con sponsor and for being a great new SD bottled-beer shop.
I'd help you if I could!
I didn't know you volunteered there. Very cool. Thank you for that/
please follow me please follow me please follow me
I love your tweets. You make me smile every single day.
oh yeah... He's getting picked out first. Hm... maybe next weekend?
Thank you - I will share with the community - of course we all know about the Squeeze machne.
I love it the #VMAs are absolutely amazing !!!!!!!!!!!
Seriously - Pathetic is a word that gets thrown around a lot, but....
Headed to the podcast tonight at River Oaks. We get going around 9 Pm. See you there!
Oh Rolf, I would NEVER be sarcastic with you. :)
#hungergames was pretty sick. A good adaptation of the book, about as close as they could be with a PG-13 rating.
dude the big d is no fun at anytime
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 8
thinks if you buy the logic that guns kill people,then musn't it also B true that cars drive drunk & spoons make people fat? Just sayin'...
thank you very much!
Catch SRO on the news this morning. Q13 at 9:45 am.
Exactly! We must all get together soon! :-)
And I was right. Just got blindfolded in my leadership class. #50shadesofgrey?
Finally saw The Artist tonight - loved the whimsy, loved the fun, loved the sense of awe
the inside is closed
This is the day I made a twitter since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 1
Matching sweatshirts? Are you sure they're movers and not actually The Riddler's henchmen?
RT : How to tell if you've lost an argument on Twitter: You are in an argument on Twitter.
you dirty as hell lol
she beautiful
Question; being offered Lind, Youkilis and Willingham for Encarnacion. Willingham has power & Encarnacion won't stay as hot as he is.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ONE OF MY MAIN NIGGAHS
Hi Sammy, thanks for coming out last night, fun times ahead! RT : nice to meet you last night!
You're welcome! Enjoy your dinner tonight!
If you spend all your money on yourselves tithe no portion of it for charities,colleges, churches, civic causes, your children won't either
I need to have my hands in makeup 24/7. I need another source to be able to do this. I need a miracle, I need a blessing.
": If you arent making any mistakes, you arent innovating. If you're making the same mistakes, you aren't learning."
Go Big Blue!
Best wishes to long time #Packers tackle Chad Clifton. Great lineman and very classy guy taking the high road after cheap shot
my son
Rahm: Ppl aren't retiring at 62, have many more yrs of work. We're paying retirement benefit that doesn't reflect change in society, system.
Everyone who's been hacked today - please change your password! (and watch out for suspicious direct messages..)
If the NY Giants make it to the superbowl, David Tyree signs tomorrow #super bowl
Against all odds you have arrived! Lol | ": guess whos up! Lol"
wht video you need bro n n me n my brother trying to fucc wit yall
she isn't acting...
hey, I sent you an email about this, let me know what you think.
for Legal Div try #sladleg or
technically I'm staying in coral gables
go for Greg McDermott if creighton wins
Lost my wallet, money, and my sweatshirt
I can't wait to see what Sterling-Cooper-Draper-Price can do with the Buddy Bands account.
I don't think it's necessarily her hotness, more her 95% nakedness coupled with the hotness,lol.Like an unbalanced stripper.
ehhh Gwen over the other 2
What you may have missed is that he totally blamed the loss on the bad performance of the "man of the match", the center ref.
not a chasing amy fan.... sorry
Sometimes I miss having a full time job and working "normal" hours but then I remember...I wasn't born just to be normal!
do.it.
Nothing beats layin in bed
World-renowned Speed, Agility and Quickness trainer Jackie Ansley featured in the new issue of "In the Paint". Check it out. goo.gl/XHt0g
TWEET ME #PrayForDylansFamily AND ILL RT IT! TREND IT GUYS!
It does SEEM like 2 yrs ago but think less. 1st fete u lovelies invited me to! Can't wait for party!
I don't find out if they put me with Mark and Tim until Tuesday though
Im backk Seattle!
I take that back. It's Apple. I should've known configuration would be a no-brainer.
Yay im the most flexible on my cheer team ah
Shunji's with and Japan Relief!
Had 2 meetings dedicated to 1 essay. If I don't do well on this one, I solemnly swear to change my major.
#TREND Home products are taking center stage w/unexpected pattern and color in everyday home goods, dishes etc
Oh God, he kissed me again..
Valentine's Day plans? Order our Dinner for 2 with your EL - Champagne Chicken over Wild Rice Pilaf with Carrots & Salad and Lime Tart - $35
Filming a Video this week wit for "Benjamin Anthem" ! Need some of yall to come out!
Today's health tip:Eat fruits and vegetables and drink water prior to going to a holiday party.u will make better choices of what to eat.
Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art.~Maya Angelo
I agree completely
oh I know I would! But I've never been to Miami either! I have to visit there at some point! Lol
he's a striker and needs time. But I can see where you are coming from. I really like CJ as well. Just worry about wear
Watching "Girl, Interrupted" on Netflix. This is real stuff, kids.
I hate people who call me numerous times in a row.
Well if life's a bitch, then mines a gold digger
Red Velvet Pancakes from IHOP are life changing good!!!
Check your email to see if you have received the notification.
#rememberwhen u could drop out of high school for a good paying job
There's a time for experimentation: it's called college (but only after tenure...)
My toaster doesn't stop toasting whilst in mid toast. Forcing me to manually pop all my english muffins 3 feet into the air. Need coffee :).
$alute my G,well appreciated!
Landed. Smooth landing.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THE TEACHER LET YOU WATCH THIS IN CLASS!!
family guy
"The responsibility of those who are free is to free somebody else."
ok, thanks for the Xcoders update!
OUR WEBSITE IS DOWN DUE TO TECHNICAL ISSUES. IT SHOULD BE BACK UP SOON, THANK YOU!!
thanks for the high praise!
will check out DOG STAR
we just launched the "feelslike" field in our Current Conditions for JSON and XML
#messagetoMJ Happy Bday MJ.... Our lives are enriched because of your music!
Happy Birthday ! :)
G Live 'brought to you by blackberry' come on ESPN, it's not 2008 anymore, who uses 'berries?
That is so fantastic to hear! Congratulations!! With your archetype being THE TALENT your new gig is lucky to have you!
I mean I'm home watching the last 2 harry potter movies by myself...
wish martin truex jr would win but don't worry it will come soon!
you should really cook for me.(: I'm kinda curious to see how good it would be.(:
Work it girl!
STAY ALIVE DEREK 😢😭
yeah when I witnessed that, I was like seriously?
hope u guyz have fun and relax :) U guyz totally deserve it love u guyz
Dude what the fuck you are so weird.
Such an exhausting day! I say its time to wind down with some Vampire Diaries :) <3
why not :D
excuse me.excuse me.EXCUSE ME.OMG MOVE!!
He apologized for having to stick me in a middle seat. I told him I didn't care a bit. He seemed to appreciate how thankful I was.
soo i guess a few people that i never followed back just now unfollowing me & now my followers going down, smh.
Good mornin all!! on my way to spread a lil sunshine.. up and ready for the walk a thon??
Congrats to FIU football ! Big win on national television !!!
Support HR 1207! Audit the Federal Reserve!
his outfit is spot on. suitcase, dirty nikes, fresh white suit. It's awesome.
I still have no idea what Batteship is about.
go with the new iphone ! Then you have the newest features and stuff like that !
Uh... yeah right.
Would love that too! How can we help?
Yes, when I read it, I'm was shaking :}.
thanks! Miss you too!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" "Aww, you remembered my birthday!" "No, Facebook told me.
Geez...Louise..
#ArianaFacts she is allergic to pink champagne and when she drinks It she sees purple rain
Made it to My Redeemer MBC, New Orleans with ...sing Gospel Soul Children...: )
If an angry bird gives you 'the bird,' by rule of double negative, is that a compliment?
I should probably go to sleep....
Outside appearances are important to other people but totally unimportant to God. I'm just saying~BAMM.
You heard right! performs from 11am - 12pm at 2 locations: State/Madison & State/Monroe.
I'll note that! :)
I need more wailen followers c:
hey sweetie!
Good Luck! RT : 1st day huge thanks 2 friends who helped me find a new gig.
Oh wait, I was looking at the micro plan. Duh. Well that may come in handy at some point, but free account FTW
Your Own Productions?
Healthscape Partners has an innovative approach 2 healthcare. Collaboration amongst alliance companies = lower costs, better care
The telegraph is nearly as fast as the Internet
Today that my life is what I make it
Finally got my today. It was glorious.
144th and f why?
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy. - Benjamin Franklin
I see my momma smile.. That's a blessing
ALL EYES ON THE WEATHER.
Happy holidays! Greeting everyone in advance! Enjoy your Christmas! =)
Figuring out the twitter still!!
I did. I dunno where u grew up or if u live in Newburyport or just work there... ?!
Any summer plans? School is out for some of our students and the fun has begun!
Thanks so much, Leslie, it was great to meet you. I'll try to come up with some great ideas for you at !
Does anyone think the 76ers can avoid the sweep...I think the brooms are already out
UM. WHAT THE FUCK. BRING IT ON CARLY. SHES NOT TOUCHING MY MAN.
Apropos of nothing, I just found out that if you Google "anagram," Google asks you, "Did you mean 'nag a ram?'" Well played, Google.
Warm ups are taking place right now and then it's Badgers vs Beavers. Animal Planet would love this
:P love you
#HappyBirthdayGRANDman love you
those are awesome
RT if you love your fans from Ohio<3
Liking LSU to win again over 'Bama...22-17 type of score..
huh? I'm confused :L <3
K;simsim u.u
#LetsGoMarlins! RT : Meanwhile, 3000 miles away, another Miami team is nearing their sixth straight win.
#Houston come in and get some $.35 wings n a cold one n see the gorgeous wait staff at
I did that & loved middle school kids for their sense of humor. Appreciate who & where they are in life.
Let me handle your love rocket.! ;P
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool, during the last period, I will be taking a pre-cal final. PERFECT way to end the year. -_-
I'm not coming home ;)
Today's the day!!! Are you as excited as I am?! Cause I know am!
Stress is a KILLER! Don't stress....worry less! Ain't NOTHING too hard for God.....
Haha. It feels great to get started, then I think about how far I have to go...
Are you doing blog tv or ustream?
Never have Luck in love ..
"WHERE'S MY FUCKN MONEY"
its on repeat.
Missin those good old days where your biggest problem was choosing which toy to play with in the sand box :(
where is team fine at
I like it! Good luck, Engelbert!
": You could look like prince charming and a #Virgo could still find a flaw about you." I have problems.....
Hey we are now doing private Streaks as team-building exercises! let us customize a Streak for your company! email us
So what have I learned this week. 2 loads of laundry and dishes everyday keeps us caught up and includes nap, wii and internet surfing.
On it.
"What does our community want to bring to us and why the hell aren't we letting them in?"
I live in LA so it's evening even though it looks like nite time
Prereqs are for pussies! Just let me stay in the stupid class, Sac City...or I'll hunt you down and hurt you like Liam Neeson did in Taken!
Bob Bocher WI DPI makes me realize how much we need to be thankful 4 amazing dedication & leadership thank you, Bob!
Bye bye
I’m joining x the collab first ever giveaway because I want to win an instant iPhone4s
thanks for following mister!! Hopeless and romantic are not mutually exclusive. Up north is cool dude!
“: I love you like a little brother. #LetsMakePeace #MothersDay #JustinBieber” fat cat
We're playing our Christmas song tonight with Sons of Great Dane at The Brick!
You guys, I'm just so happy.
always great to have a guest set up by Patti Genko. Bigler Sports at 8:45 this morning
Thanks for the follow - I am following you too. Hope to get to know you better. I enjoy ur poetry.
She has closed her laptop and ladies and gentlemen the live tweet has ended.
Praying for a good man who's very sick.
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection of how much you like yourself. - manifesto
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible
Wait holy hell how did I get so drunk
follow back dudde
yes ma'am
I guess I should start my English project. Fml.
I just realised they should make a movie because i love him!
Omg hell Yea taker is THEE BEST
Its Monday! Will you spend the week asking "why me?" Or start asking "what now?" Make it a #GodFirst week!
This girl literally just farted louder than her sneeze
#AAsocialTV Trend: Making TV DVR-proof again because of real-time updates by viewers.
"Let's go feel if the truck's hot!" #lmao 😂
We're picking winners randomly from registered attendees
Playing the Uptown in Westmont, IL with Pistol Pete. Tonight.
haha cut you and suck your blood!
I loved patanormal activity. Great acting
Very funny! We understand but don't really tolerate a bad cup of coffee very well - but we loved your response!
Thanks for having me on the panel for "social media in the classroom" #SPE. Great discussion of today's learners.
Thankyou for following :)
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
Agreed. RT : #s4pm They need to see the value in it for them
I am going SOLO...I expect to have a new pal or two by the end of the night... \m/
Get TAN* Buy a Starter Kit for $49.99 (Eyewear, Lip Balm, 2 HT60 Tans, and a Bottle of Lotion)! Buy ANY Membership, get 2 WEEKS of UPGRADES
Film crew from New York Film Academy is filming my tattoo for a doc on
So excited to see interview Tina Fey tonight...this is going to be good!!!!
If there's one thing I hate, it's taking off your makeup after a party.
couldn't agree more. Big focus of mine -- brings up disconnect between digital & traditional
I'd follow you every friday or any day--hey I aleady do... tx for FF mention
Out and about in Cleveland trying to finish my shopping. Trying to finish before the rain comes. No snow here just rain.
headed out in #SanFrancisco tonight...you in town?
This ain't the United States of Hate. That is all.
72 yard touchdown run...woohoo! go #badgers!
Harden should expect the same booing in LA.
I said are you gonna be my girl?
And did I mention I'm in Miami shooting a commercial for orbitz? Yup. I am!!
i need to go to bed sometime soon... but who knows if im going to ever sleep
It was totally creepy. The person came and sprayed and then I had to clean up dead wasps and maggots from the floor. Blech.
afghanistan donated $1million to pakistan earthquake relief. what a beautiful, generous gesture!
Nice! I wanted the Raj speaker shirt that made all of the noises. But then read the laundry instructions.
Still interested in hearing what music YOU would like to get a massage to. If it's locally-inspired, that's even better! Thanks for sharing!
Woo! Got my first multi clip test in #AVID to conform back to 5K! Now to try it in
Amazing news and perfectly done! Congrats!!
Thanks for the follow! Always looking to meet new directors and actors! Playwright Matthew Ethan Davis
Scalp Problem Model search list Model search events are a great way to find modeling agencies and become a model
Thank you! And you do the same.
you will NEVER follow me. That's right I said it, never.
At least I made it home before the storm hit. It's looking like I need to start building an ark.
So many interesting people out in the world! Following people on Twitter and just feeling lucky to live in this age.
Rose Bird is my first real memory of California politics
good luck! have fun.
#P90X Back & Biceps + AB RipperX. Going full speed in to much needed rest day tomorrow. #BringIt!
Sweet. Thank you!
I don't want to be in class today. Come save me?
All that you now do is something you have chosen to do.
but no way...
Yup. Quit trolling. Are you guys going to blackout your site?
#HonorTheFallen RT We honor the life and service of Pfc. Neil Turner, 21, of Tacoma, Wash., who died Jan. 11 in Afghanistan.
Hello again to all my friends, together we can play some rock n roll.
that's sarcasm
this bitch is so stupid she think I don't get her code letters bitch this is for u I'm not stupid u want her take her I don't give a fuck
When I rode the train five years ago, I judged people by their books. Now I judge them by the text-size on their Kindles.
Literally quoting. "bobby says, should I put my balls here"?
hah looks lie you may have to come in your school uniform;)
The waitress says "my gosh, its so good to have some normal people at my table" hah! If only she knew...
#MorningReading Mark 11:24 "Therefore I tell you whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours"
tea tree oil should help
See i just want you to know....that you deserve the best your beautiful
Get in for our BBQ Pork Torta! Pulled pork tossed in tangy BBQ sauce, topped w our tasty Mexican Slaw!
An Auburn Tiger intruding on a Gator in LSU territory.
awesome! thanks!
We're in the mood for something big & malty tonight...a traditional German Maibock sounds perfect. Dundee Pale Bock Lager it is!
Use your smile to change the world don't let the world change your smile!
Thanks for the follow!! I look forward to hearing your music!!
Many I gotta get my shit together so someone will wanna see me............lol
same here. well not 100% but mostly.
yeah. you could come. but your going to okaboji! :(
Exactly. It's hard for me to say I wouldn't be the same way if I had the ability to quit my job and do what he does.
Oh, yeah, that's right. It's because I put that voodoo curse on you. My bad.
2 any of my Peoples PLS don't be Offended if u call txt or hit me on fb or twitt n I'm slow to get bck wit u supabizzy not bn funnystyle.
What are the community standards (not the law) on nude art? Do they really exist?
Correction - Last tweet should have referenced Rodney King Riot - not OJ - wrong misrepresentation of justice - sorry
with a fried pb n j as a chaser ? :-)
nice quotes. ur photos are LOVELY!!! i really want to visit seattle now, altho heard that economically its not the place to be?
Tomorrow , I dont know if I should go to east or west for church ??
Things are going to get better, just gotta try and pray for the best.
Thanks for your great blog post!
Tip: Exfoliate with a gentle scrub that contains exfoliates that are round and non - abrasive, 2 to 3 times a week.
Woah, you're awake?! Well then change it up... Just don't sleep past 11 or something. This whole 3, 4, 5 thing...
I know it so well..
6 girls jump 1 chick and she aint even gotta scratch
Roger made a divet with his bottom on a pretty little sliding number. He is the coolest.
It was almost love.. It was almost always..
where's that lat tho?! And ready whenever you are
“: #thevow ill admit I cried”SOFT!
Someone should start OccuPIE Wall Street. Where people bring delicious pies to wall street.
I LUV u
This rain needs to stop.
GoGo down the line! Here's Braunie!
Finally made it to 900. Progress.
Sometimes its heavensent that we get sent back to hell again
Congratulations! Best of luck!
Debating on getting a stick so I can play roller hockey this summer. I'd probably need help...you know...taping it and using it.
Do away with all the speed limit signs and there would be no more speeding .Legalized drugs, and no body would go to jail for doing drugs.
I thought you loved the smell of Napalm in the morning. Are they using Napalm on those fields?
when u help yourself people are more apt to help u
#hikeky2012 Day 2: Kentucky River Road Trail > Palisades Trail.
yeah, what DOES Keef know?!
Im still smh
THANKS AND HAPPY HOUR FOR YOU TO
Wow, not even delivered. :(
the two best teams made it, I'm not happy about the rematch but any other team besides bama would be destroyed
3rd floor of the mansion in marthas chamber @ mount vernon #jhudc standing in front of a room with dishes & window. Smells like dust & paint
I need better guitar picks... I just went through another one -_-
I wish I had a device that would help me detect if you like me, unfortunately I don't.
I see those after school lessons are paying off lmao Can I take a picture of them xD
she's adorable
Nice call!
According to my horoscope, I'm most compatible with Pisces and Capricorn... Lmao
Don't let the overcast keep you in! Make your own sunshine. Stop in for Latin brunch..the rays will appear! $5 Bloody Marys & Mimosas
So scared of bein hurt again that ill block all you mfs out
Beliebers if it wasn't for any of us he wouldn't be here! I love BELIEBERS! SO HAPPY right now!
haha so specific. I don't think I'll feel better until May 8 (last final).
I just realized I owe you an email!
Looking forward to the Prelude 11 kickoff tonight!
MCAS testing that's the shit I don't like!
your sarcasm doesn't intimidate me! <333
you really want to start this again <3 lol I well beat you like momma mash potato salad
think of the happiest things, it's the same as having wings.
nice catch !
Tutoring, subbing, full time teaching ops. Somebody pinch me!
#Excusestodrink My husband cheated on me with his boss (Who is also a guy)
Me I think Scotty should GO
if Kobe was gone Lakers would be down by like 50 points! ha ha so quit bringing the Bulls into this mess.
#WeWontWork if all u do is LIE
you up on that too
no visual or audio please and issac i will be at your bachelor party
RT : Um, Youtube just recommended Rebecca Black to me. I recommend it check itself quickly before anymore recommendations.
Congratulations on your beautiful baby, Rajiv!
Thank you, daaaaahling! :)
Netflixed episodes of "Ocean Girl". It is a very good family show. 22 minutes only . Great 4 kids short attention spans. They love it.
Congratulations, Sami! Well deserved!
Haha! He loves your shades.
Who you got? Flip a coin! lol RT : This should be a fun series....Lakers vs Thunder
I suspect negatively. Even as adults we struggle to retain information studied while multitasking
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.........[=
So start...it's easy. Lol
I see no difference at least with me being witty and drunk. Lol
haha I think u proposed to my friend sheena and then turned around and made out with some chick...rock n roll
Glad to hear that!
There's this Guy... we act like idiots, talk about gay people and make fun of fat people together. And I think I really like him....<3
Thank you!
when does return?
Hello good people!!! I'm excited about the new opportunity I have been presented with.. So let's say get ready shows and videos in bulk 👍
Did Brian Anderson just say its a good time of the year to be in Fond du lac??? U bet..
I watched the #Timeflies cover of Wild Ones. Thank you. This is fantastic.
#Bbworld11 Will easily integrate Content into coursesite and links to Google Docs for adtl content site.
Woke up early so I can get a lot done :)
I am a go getta but it's my strategy that keep them wondering...long as they keep mentioning my name good or bad I'm going 2 rise
I'm against big spending on transit. No faith that govt. can get it right. First, improve
All this was to make me happy but it actually made things worse
Kinda funny how things wrk owt
Yes, and then the days just sort of blur together.
fine with me too. But you have to play with the odds, profiling or not, it was a stupid decision.
great article. Who is the only person who can hold Kevin Love under a double-double? Ben Howland.
These stickers are cost-effective, eye-catching, long lasting and creative.
There is a yoga class 5/20 at 6:30 AM at the same time as the YBP Health Walk.
FASHION TIPS - A. Lister Interior Design Profile: Ricardo Poupada Which colors will have women swooning at your apartment?
It's good to come 2 the studio after absence & remember why i do what i do.. out of complete love and beauty. Passion, fate.. Life is smart.
I know at least 2 of our judges are gonna love the all-American values of 2 of the #mgt413caw wrestlers (1♂, 1♀! Ring romance in the making?
Wow. LT just gave the most heartfelt, humorous and endearing speech at Junior's memorial. Good stories.
wine night tonight! Excited..however I can't drink. This is t orture!!
definitely the best part.
“: I bet you didn't know that women can get boners... True story... They get them right in their mouth”
Gary Oldham should win best actor tonight. He's cool
Good morning hope every1 has a wonderful day and gr8 week.
...Is it weird to say that I like ballet more than jazz?
#NotAPrisonThemeSong Another Round- Chris Brown, Fat Joe
If you weren't born with it , you don't need it to live .
Hello Donna marie Thompson! Glad to connect with you!!
I will NOT refer to it as the Thursday "coffee clatch" but am really looking forward to hanging with the CC gals at Starbucks & soon!
Seattlelites do use umbrellas: a man across the street from me just did a fancy spin with his before ducking under it for cover. oh
Arizona is awesome this time of year! Thanks for the follow, we are following back!
": If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this All those fairy tales are full of shit."
I'm learning that I have a tendency to mask or submerge ideas under layers of superficially interesting abstraction. Undoing that.
Change the pic.
Whaaa? My bad. I dunno about you, but my Droid 2 sucks. I'm pretty much ready to go iPhone.
Don't expect me to tweet about my life problems, it's not happening!
I lost my home and know maybe my job soon I got no place to go
Success then!
needs to chill the frick down ... like for real brah.
Broncos will be luck to start the season 2-6 which includes a win in London against the Niners that have the Donks number.
thanks for including our Operation Outreach banner on the float yesterday!
Check out now available @ Barley and Hops in Glenwood.
Antiquing with is always a good time - Before and Afters to come! Old stuff + Vinyl Cutter homemade stickers = DIY Love ♥
2day is a beautiful day
Delicious, delicious recovery pancakes Best thing about the morning after the night before. :D
I can't believe I'm saying this, but the ABC red carpet show needs Ryan Seacrest
We love that idea! “: I think should pair with the (Humane Society). Buy a shirt, adopt a pup??!?!”
People should be more careful about what they say
lol, good luck with that. Isn't your xbox in your living romm though?
are u going organic as well? I go organic its the business
Cable company dropping Spokane PBS station
I went with black, maybe I'll get a pink cover for it ;-)
walking in the bike lane downtown
can someone explain to me how "lists" work? thanks
fucking global warming.
Well I am just the singer, but I think we usually use ultimate guitar tabs to start and correct them if they sound wrong
bigger question for the skipper. Is he ready for the old guys in two weeks? haha
I passed the fuck out at work lastnight
how could i not take time to listen to such an angelic voice :)
Ah...a whole day off to myself. So xcited. Think I will just b lazy all day.
BE HAPPY IN FRONT OF PEOPLE WHO HATE ON YOU... IT KILLS THEM... ;-0
Madison always seems so quiet when I return from Chicago on Sunday night.
Good! I actually thought of you when I was wanting to be at the Festival of Books this weekend. :) Are you going?
Thanks for the RT Mike!
If you don't want drama, then don't start it. Things are only as complicated as you make them.
I checked in to a movie that I did not like. Your fucking app will not let me move on. WTF is the reason for that?
amazing presenter.
check out the yahoo sports blog by Dirty Tackle. picture of it up there. Simply amazing
hahaha ur up in east Jesus nowhere
a new car! Hahaha like that's gunna happen LOL
So and I have been riding motorcycles all day. Want to see a bunch of pictures?
thank you!! you're amazing <3
I hate when I get a repeated fact on Nantucket Nectar tops.
We need 130 Fans and we will give away 2 more Free Wristbands!!! Suggest us to your friends and maybe you will be our next winner!
Immediate oppty: #Unity3D developer in #Atlanta. Ideal candidate has 1-4 years of game development experience. C#, C++, X-Code.
Would someone like to tell me how I acquired a tick, sitting in an office all day?
don't settle for mediocrity! Be remarkable! Be Fearless and the rest will come!
My google reader count has surpassed 700...I'm thinking the only way out now is to just hit "mark all as read"...
RT My absolute favorite quote from #TEDxSummit “The city you get is the city you build.” Norman Lee #City 2.0
Would like to see lebron james not cry like a little bitch
If you have to ask you will never know !!
found my old iphone
you had me at "heaven"...weekend meal(s) ?
Note to self: Don't dance like a crazy while home by yourself or you will land on your ankle wrong and have no one there to take care of you
Welcome home
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
#RochelleRants lol what is this all about!!!??
I learned real quick not to do that. It isnt worth losing what and who you love :)
dunkin's time capsule board on #pinterest is the most commented on board for them according to .
Making a cake! Cant wait to eat it lol :P
Thanks for coming!
Low hoop;)
is going to bring it 2/17 , be there
RT : It's monthly sale weekend! Still time to take advantage of 30% off the whole store; we're open till 5 today.
It's Friday! #FF You know we love you.
I just pray that this friendship doesn't end up like the last, where we can't stand to talk or be around one another.
day 2 of #sxsw a success and the music portion technically hasn't started yet
7 < 10 Go get your cereal.
YEA WISH I COULD SAY THE SAME BOUT THE CREW!!!! WOW!!!!
I stayed for the Swans. I thought it was awesome, that gut-rattling noise. Swoon. Too soon to declare myself champ?
nah this is the everyday mix that's been running at bellagio recently
Place your foundation primer in the fridge before use for a cooling, de - puffing effect!
remembering 14 years ago when I looked like I had a watermelon stuffed up the front of my shirt... he's now 5'10". Scary.
Stop by Bite Size Idea tomorrow to learn how to automate your finances, explode your charisma and start a business. Yep, all in one post!
#np I have died everyday waiting for you Darlin' don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more
No Measure Of Time Will Be Enough With You... Lets Start With Forever ! #TwilightSaga .
Oh! Good one! I missed that one. It was so hard to chose which shows to go to. They were all so good. Can't wait til next year.
wanting the Giant't to win it all Manning serve brady on a plate
I want it to be tomorrow morning so I can be back at the gym :-)
RT " I've had 80 x more mgs of adderall than hours of sleep in the last 24 hours #losing"
yaaaay haha most of my friends just wanna listen to music from today and I like it but I like older stuff a lot too
Hey, congrats!
One push setup. I got locked into these Rodney Mullen interviews just yesterday.
I'm officially a brace face.
If you lack the courage to start, you have already finished!
Their sandwiches are great! ": Today's sandwich has fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, fava greens & Southpaw Mostarda!
Almost finished cleaning.
OMG....yes! Let's hope for a better second half! This is just too painful to watch at the moment!
what did you do?!?
The A Team - Ed Sheeran
Damn I mean what can I say scorpios are just sexual beings
GREAT idea! RT Ever get parking tickets? What if we had an option to swap fines 4 charity/community work?
I just saw this now I just got home lol and no I didn't I got a new number!
look good bra!
Opportunities for digital pub: adding context (linking), indexing, providing access to ephemeral & rare material
I'll be in the mix tonight @ the Hangar(8203 broadway) inside the loop. Crazy drink specials all night. Party starts at 10
Walmart :) looking a hot mess!
I need to fix my #vitamix because that oddly looks divine!! Is that normal?
#askalexconstancio Will you and ever make Cool Morning 3???<34
Nice! They kinda look alike
I'm good on the grind with the the first job driving the little kids
How can you lose a good thing when it was never good at all?..
I hear Kris Kristofferson & Willie Nelson are playing together tonight at #ACL Moody Theater. True?
love me some joe johnson...played hoops for my hogs. Wish we could have kept him longer. Lol
I've survived yet another Valentine's Day! Good morning fellow survivors!
Took a shortcut through primark to the carpark, I now have post traumatic stress. It's the fashion equivalent of a trip to the Somme.
"Keep true to the dreams of thy youth." - Friedrich von Schiller
Parking is way worst than yesterday.
Where are the jobs for college graduates?
People always find things to be negative about.
fuck you ottawa & your fans! correct me if i'm wrong but the king just cursed you guys out, ay? #NYR LET'S FUCKIN GO GAME 7!
Luv it when people act brand new ...♥ Don't get mad when its my turn.. ツ
Happy early Mother's Day to
cookin' like a champ! smells so o o o good! :-)
Thanks for supporting Country Music! Can I submit my client, for a review? Follow back, if you like. Ty
BULLETIN: News happens in places without jet connections or luxury hotels. Who knew?
It doesn't seem quite normal yet, just gotta keep keeping on though!
come to ny!!
Looks like they need your guidance!
my cat let me read 67 pages of 's book before sitting on it. that has to be a goddamn record.
Looking for the perfect bat for your little league'r? Check out the 2013 Worth Prodigy Legit Youth Bat! Available for pre-order now!...
ALERT....ALERT, I slight breeze has just brushed upon me!!
doing shows in out of town . Whats bin up with you holla at me babi gurl.
Did we forget to mention that one Facebook or Twitter question asker is going to win an autographed copy of 's Voyage DVD?
the 6th webseries pilot event, like its 48hr film but the deadline is 1 week & the idea is the project can continue as a series
Great that Obama finally came out of the closet on gay marriage.
Thunder and lightning and light rain in Franklin
thanks for the retweet!!!!
Come on over! We'd love to have you. RT After my summer I'm going to need a trip to Vegas!
Ever have one of those moments where you look at the person and wonder, "How are you really that stupid?"
RT : Week 1 of is a wrap. I’ve never been surrounded by so many smart people who truly want to see my startup succeed....
Havent been on here for awhile
did u get the track List? And the CD made?
Welcome! So glad you joined us to tweet. I agree if world was ending I would have finished the beer in our fridge!
Sad to hear that my old university department is to close: : Final decision has been made - school of music to close.
I eat more when I am on a diet. Awesome.
you finally get some boxing gloves bruh?
I really want to do a cross country hackathon in an RV. Start in Seattle and present the project in New York when you get there.
Did you see my mention of the Jazz Standard in my column today?
Our fall book order with new Babymouse and Squish hasn't hit the shelf yet. And yes, Babymouse is always out!
Beautiful day outside today! Plus I got a great bday gift! Two tickets to see Van Halen at The Amway Arena in April!
Hi Sahm, thanks for following, now following you too. Being in Austin we probably have some common friends, dig your blog too!
Need to happen this year ": I wonder what pacman would have done to Mayweather."
While Newt Gingrich is losing his Secret Service, he'll still find a way to be serviced secretly.
Tea 101 class next Tuesday night at 6:30 p.m. Sample six different teas in this introductory course. Free to attend! Please RSVP!
Nice quote !
I hate stretching but it never felt so good…
Gotta get that old flame back
Sometimes those biggest failures are the greatest motivators. And I'm not thinking about "to drink"
That would be awesome!
thanks so much! :)
Looking for the Voice of the Employee! RT : Whats shaking KC
Mickeydeez's vanilla milkshake is off the chain
You could replace "Tupac" and "Suge Knight" with "" and that tweet would still hold true. And perfectly.
Watching the PPV fight tonight. Should be a good match this coming up.
Oakland A's! I agree, fuck the Cubs! Here in AZ, the #GOP bastards must have brain-washed Ricketts during Spring Training!
You should stop by! :)
It is of great importance that you stay in your place... I would hate to replace you there
if we lose we r done
I LOVE
no u are not sweet need u to refollow
Youth fades; love droops; the leaves of friendship fall; A mother's secret hope outlives them all. ~Oliver Wendell Holmes
Tonight PHAME launches a great collaboration with United by Music, 5:30 pm at Lola's Room/Crystal Ballroom - more info soon!
I am down for both!! :)
maybe. I'll be on the wife's bike.
where u go to school at
Can't wait to jump into In an Uncharted Country by
thx, you too!
Wow, RIP Adam Yauch.
Pilgrimage to worship at the altar of pancake? We should make that happen for the iSchoolers not yet indoctrinated...
A wee-bit excited that will be in LA this weekend :)
Congrats Reid and Red Door!
Yay...I get to go to 's favorite place: Kenwood Mall
What you coming into NYC for? Ev is having a rocker at his new crib...
If a man stands in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him is he still wrong?
Great lecture on "Meat Glue Mania" by Chef Wylie Dufresne
Cowboys coach Jason Garrett remembers Junior Seau - Fort Worth Star Telegram (blog)
im so hungry......=p i need sumin to eat
Excited to announce will be featuring our show and the back story in their April issue! Can't wait to be a part of it!
ha ya it is it's a females life under 50 lol
Me: OMG THERES A BUG IN MY HAIR Dad: WHAT IS IT Me: ONE OF THOSE LOVEBUGS Dad: RELAX They wont do anything theyre just looking to get laid!!
you hear him, not here him.
So you didn't get the lead...... #growup and #dealwithit k.thanks.bye.
NEW HAPPY HOUR SPECIAL: $1 off Domestics $2 off everything else 4pm-8pm) $2 off Hangar One all night long!!
:O Remember what I said? I'm getting you now. -___- better watch out
From the hood book of #2Chainz Okay now Nicki Nicki Nicki, put it in your kidney. Got a new LS 450, ain't no keys in this do-hicky.
Photographing new born baby today! So excited and have so many ideas! Stay tuned for sneak peak latter on today!
I would take the deal. Harper won't last...trade him while he has a high value.
well even though it might be hard to believe, I'm pure white... So I get freckles.
pls let us know if an arrest is immenent!?
Procter &amp; Gamble raises dividend by 7 percent
Miami Music Festival kicks into high gear tonight!! Come to Gemma and rock out with some great bands tonight & Sat. night!! $10 @ door 21+
If you had a theme song (that played prior to you entering a room) what would it be? I'm working on mine.
Happy Earth Day.
Happy Easter everyone! We will be closed all day today and re-open Monday @ 11am. Enjoy your day off staff!
Saw the new Expo Line running today. There was about 20 people on it during rush hour. A well spent $930 million...
My brokenness drew me to spirituality & meditation, which keeps me balanced, positive and peaceful.
Maryland friends: hit up 1090 AM WBAL right now to hear my friend doing his usual excellent job as host.
Thanks, glad you liked. Last month Sony told me it was definitely on, but now I have no idea. Hope they do!
Is gonna have to choke a bitch?!
: thanks for the follow! Good to see you on twitter!
Ohh I didn't see that! Yeaah Im listening to it right now. its sick
ill be home then too! let's hang out!
Why is #Facebook allowing tons of my friends to be tagged in pictures of ghetto shoes?
From the valley to Hollywood to downtown, a big day in LA demo'ing the latest in wireless tech with
Thanks for following! Hope you enjoy my tweets.
Roemer speaks truth. RT Trade must be fair,not free. Free trade exploits cheap labor,child labor,and lax environmental standards
oh..u have lol
walking around supermarket* *Lost mom* ACT COOL, ACT COOL!
Give em hell, Big Beers always better than Big Apples.
Wow Kobe. Clean shot across the noggin of the Manimal. From behind. While Faried was airborn. Classless. Now you finna argue? Smh.
www.ashlethal.com <<check it out folks.
THANKS EVERYONE FOR YOYR SHARES! AND FOR ALLOWING ME TO POST ON YOUR WALLS!
I keep seeing it everywhere and I'm like well maybe I should give it a try maybe I'll like it. But I don't think I can do it.
Youth Council members will ask your questions to the MPS Superintendent. Just tweet
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles ah, no words to describe how I'd feel
ugh i'm so scared about tomorrow....then if i fail i have to worry about telling my mom i can't enroll in any classes for fall
"Randy Moss" Is a Beast on the Field come to #CA Randy
Photo's of the whole cast are now uploaded. Who is your favourite?
Doctor doctor gimme the news!
excited for the new #degrassi episode tonight so i can admire my future husband, ♥___♥
LOVE Vocabulary!!! Have so much fun :)
I'm Still Sleepy :/
We cant wait! RT blessed 2 have #theweddingparty airing right after the strongest self-made broad on ,THE...
I dream beyond sound. I dream beyond color. I dream in spectrums that create the reality around me. Choice is definition. Action is creation
#thankfulforATL because I am a faggot like that.
Why is that?
What do YOU think? All of the stunts Amazon's pulled, perhaps now because of Apple they no longer have to deal with them?
said his administration will stop implementing law but hopes court will let law move forward soon.
Hey, how are you doing, guys?
I agree with you completely. Way too many people are way too uptight. People need to accept that love is love; no boundaries.
Thanks again to everyone who participated in our Jersey Giveaway contest yesterday! We really appreciate all of our loyal fans : )
thanks bro. What you up to at the moment? Directing any theatre?
It should be. Ugh! Five yrs ago and I remember like it was yesterday. Killer ab workout though.
...a picture of it and when I woke up I checked twitter to see if I gotthe notification -.- #IndianasFinestProbs ~Kristyn
Celtics still know how to win. Rondo gets the credit tonight, stay on lock at home, then beat the Heat!
these next two weekends are gonna be bomb i already know.
It will also up your chances of an NBA career.
Little kid shit on twitter, come on now.
Maddy Bratty, i know it. he bored me to sleep!
Back to 801
Too busy to tweet but blessed to be so.
That CT scan was the scariest thing of my life...
i suggest a good long fap. its entertaining
I'm working on new Thursday gig so keep checking in to see where I end up.
Next year I will have cheese to grill on this a National Grilled Cheese holiday
Poythress, Goodwin, and Bennett are hanging together. Good sign?
indiana dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors indiana, indiana dryvit companies, dryvit companies indiana dryvit indiana wall systems
:o you have a twitter?!
Last day in the studio to record our EP "A Murder of Crows"
who is the other team?
Kemp has the longest active steak in MLB with 392 consecutive games played.
I can't believe St. Louis didn't do everything to keep him. I'm a Cubs fan, and I'm happy he's out of the division! Go Cubs!
Getting ready for the photo shoot tomorrow .
LAST DAY OF CLASSES
Metro Piece Of Shit Can Needs To Upgrade >_<
Mmn, downside of automated blog post pumping into twitter is my crapily misspelled titles are immortalized on the web b4 I have a chance!
RT : A movement isnt a meme–build 4 the longterm. We can't "hashtag our way to social change“
We would love 2 promote this episode of CSI Miami! Are you up 4 a short interview through 'email' about your day on set? :D
You know who's weird looking? Females who are already thin and good looking who lose even more weight. Their heads look enormous
Back from the dead, now what's important again?
In WSJ calls out Obama 4 not criticizing left's sexism but doesn't mention the Rep prez wannabes cowering at Limbaugh's feet
In conjunction with 's Solar Pwr Finance Summit, is hosting 's Jonathan Plowe
RT Received 1st draft of promotional imgs 4 new music app.Releasing vewy soon!Blog music @ ur finger tips :)
i want you to expose me to new music; wanna buy u good beer, bring it over and b.s. about hockey, watch good tv/movies...
RT "You were hired b/c u should have all the answers? Or should it be we hired u b/c u know where to get them?"
Amazing how quickly the Met cures a child's stomach ache.
Hey Lady D! I thought about you the other day, but it was b/c I saw a guy wearing a Starbury jersey so that's probably not good
Out west headed back to the Eastside
#Ilovepeoplethat Makes you lagh like a psycho Crazy When you feel So Depressed!
#WeCantWait for mindless behavior to come to new York luv u mb <3prodigy<3
Whats Yo Email I Got The Track .!
imma put some hand sanitizer and disinfectant wipes in every area. you better clean it up if you made it!
I wish that girl would say everything she has to say about me to MY FACE. Pussy ass bxtch
Sorry folks, we're experiencing some problems with the Person lookup API. We're working on it now, and will have it back up shortly.
Follow or use #1Dimension in your tweet. 3 random entrants will win a new iPad.
A sacred marriage draws its passion from its inclusiveness. Passion for another person has to fade, but passion for life itself is eternal.
@ me so I know it's real .
If we had vents we could hire George Forman as an intern
I love The City Bakery.
hahaha man thats funny ........ did i ever feel like u were gonna fall asleep? lol
where do you get your hair cut?
RT : It's the perfect weekend to get out and enjoy four world renowned museums in one location. Visit Museum Hill and......
Today IS Monday,
Hangover from kill the keg
Nothing and no.
um Hollie was amazing!
Playing "soul station" tonight at Casa Del Mar in SM with Tasha Taylor, Jonathan Flaugher, and Rob Perkins! 7pm and FREE!
I miss her. I can't help it.
Happy Mother's Day to two of the strongest women that I know, my mom and grandma. Without them I am nothing! I love you!
Link for "Snowtown" appears to take me to a wonderful piece on Bruce Springsteen. Not your bully story.
thank you!!!
I wanna meet President Obama .
When someone orders what I said I wanted at a restaurant. Now I have to default to chicken fingers to be original
haha what a night
No I'm not since I'll be in process of my move to #Hoboken #NJ - hope to go for the next show in 4 years.
Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn't matter
Good Luck I've got a good feeling Tide's winning streak is about to end today
I feel bad for because I assume they ran out of time or money, but there was an implicit narrative promise broken.
It's ppl like this that make me wanna stick a jit #like him
thanks for joining!
yes :) i think yes lol
I wanna see In The Grove! where can I see it?
That one manager everyone wishes would jump off a cliff and survive it just so they'll have to endure the pain afterwards.
Okay I am seriously addicted to Asparagus Tempura rolls from Fujiyama.
Art & Industry? John Ruskin said: "Life without industry is guilt. Industry without art is brutality" (1870)
#ATTENTION B4 you follow sum1. Make sure you do a background check. I am 100% Gay & I rap. So donot come at me w/ the dumbshit!
is at FAU. Practice, eat, class, eat, sleep. Repeat.
Do you think Rick Ross makes the hos do blow off HIS titties?
not sure about that, plenty of good tech content, i.e. arduino, android, etc
ha! we had that last week. they asked me to be in charge of Bingo.
okay! the last one is this hour, right?
I prefer Contempt to Breathless and Jules and Jim to anything I've seen from Godard.
I'm not surprised about but I'm surprised about :(
I knew it was coming tho..
as cute as ever! lol shes shoppin with dada right now :] hows your little cutie?!
my dad let my lil bro qo & pay for the qas & we wondered why it took so lonq for him to come bak, he was too short & she couldnt see'm lol
Very cool and cute episode of
that is great. Self-respect.
watching videos of prophecies on youtube
#NowPlaying: #ArabicMusic, songs, and hymns celebrating Easter and Good Friday.
You and just posted the same quote. Where are you?
Finished early morning cardio. At Job #1 ,till 5pm then got job #2 from 5-11pm. Gotta keep grinding!!!
I love to audition. I have made it to the short list of a great casting director. I am grateful to be here. I have fun and play today. YAY!
FUCK NO she didn't. Ask my man to lick your pussy again...he's gone and you're next bitch.
So that little "tm" by your name obviously means you're fake.
You used to be a ninja, but now you appear to have joined the matrix.
At the #IGDA #GDC party. Hundreds here... it's hoppin! :)
“: Was wondering why I haven't seen Dennis Hopper on anything in a while. Turns out he's dead.” aww too early man.
Starting off summer by doing a couple tasty reviews. I prefer only doing reviews that're tasty. Otherwise I'm a profile motherfucker.
Hehehe :) It's a terrible, terrible addiction. I'm hoping Harris Teeter lift this sale asap!
Monday I'll be interviewed on KWPA's Isle of the Arts, a program with focus on Whidbey Island artists and their craft. I'm stoked!
I've been watching videos all day, now tell me...where have you been all my life? <3
Hungry for this money why not eat it!
just downloaded twitterrific
come out after :P when are you free next? We can just come to yours for wine and icecream and blk&white films :p <3
Competition is getting fierce for the office #March #Madness bracket challenge. Who do you have making the elite eight?
In her chest, theres nothin at all its just empty, she'd sell her soul to the devil for a Bentley
Panda's are too racist. They may be Asian, black and white... But they're not Mexican now are they? Pfft
Talking down on the West no need to wear that vest we take head shots
": Milk provides essential nutrients for bone development : encourage your child drink water & milk instead of soda."
Yep! I will be taking a Maymester course and working at the iSchool until my internship starts on 6/11. Not fun.
Have you been getting messages like "someone is saying bad things about you?" It's a spam thing. DON'T open the attached link!
I haven't received a login to register for Friday workshops. Help?
I here that more and more each day.
This is completely a defensive game.
Oh no! Jack off?
I hope it rains. Its too hot to be outside in gym :(
One life to live one mic to give !
lol! i'm embarrassed! i should've googled! still, try avocado on toast sometime.
Me neither.
Jammin to (: merry Christmas buddy!
Actually, I think that's true. Kinda hard to defend it with no-fault divorce in the mix.
amazing shot!
Waste of Money on Xbox.
Time is Short Life Goes Fast .
Talking about STDs in health ... Los help me
Can I bet on being an all-star next season? Who's a better power forward in the East?
I wanna hear "what you need" by Kanye @ Jay-Z ! That my shit .
c: my kats are hams.
A little surprised the #Patriots sit on the ball here. 13-10 going into halftime.
Me too! haha i live in AK its only 1:30 but I'm soo bored
i'm flattered!!!!!!!!RT sometimes I sit in my room alone and sing taylor swift and 1D songs while looking at pictures of joe
Take my hand, close your eyes With you right here, I'm a rocketeer Let's fly
hi rachelk02 - hope all is well in your tweets today
OK I give up on hating #Girls. Twitter & masturbation scenes in latest episode were v. good. "I only eat when my eyes are cloudy"
Barefoot is the only way to go! I prefer the wet, city sidewalks with breaks for grass between my toes.
I hate it when days go by slow at my job
It's so important that he comes here cause I didnt get to go to his first concert here .
I have had the same day...gardening & baking & doing yard work....not on my list but very productive! Those are the best days!
I'm looking forward to my first rehearsal as a member of the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra Chorus.
Chris Hoff on the 7 dirty words of #cloud security at
Quick all Granderz Wish a happy birthday and a happy easter!!!!(: and fill up his timeline i hope you follow me(':
Thanks for the credit!
On a serious note: Dragon Tattoo seriously deserved that one. Some of the best editing I've ever seen.
We don't believe you, you need more people.
Come on in!
At the cell phone store. Literally 20 people waiting. Person being helped doesn't need a smart phone b/c they are very dumb. 45 minutes...
Just saw #Starships music video nd its incredible tht it was filmed inmy back yard! All the Hawaiians luv u We hope u come back!
A well deserved and much needed vacation this week. Here I come
I am. My own. Next Saturday!
The movie doesn't have a lot of violence, really. You see almost none of it, for better or worse.
Not a problem! I hope to get over to the event, it sounds like a good one and I've been to a similar event on the northside.
There's a squirrel in the trap! ...now what?
brother Nas I can't wait til May 1st for that release brother!!!
I know that's right RT : Sometimes the only thing that keeps me sane is Jesus name, He brings immediate comfort & peace. He's good.
Money Is My Lover.
Finally joined IxDA. Now leave me alone;)
I'm sorry but if you suck random guys dick like it's a fucking hobby, I'm going to think you're a hoe.
LatinExplore’s Costa Rica Travel Deals Now Include 1 Free Hotel Night
hello to you!
not much diversity in the 60's ads
If fetuses are people, there are a lot of men who owe 9 more months in child support.
I hate that time when I should be getting ready for work. Mostly because my night job is soul crushing.
Great... a gay waiter is stalking me..
wow you tweet a lot, you are really socialable. How are u doing and the shop???
Rondo is def in my top 3 favorite NBA players to watch
a widget turns the balance sheet Kodak #pagercodes EZ View image processing technology DCS Graphics
But sometimes, the hope for ice cream keeps me going. Does this mean I'm doomed?
yea like me lol
this can't happen 😭
Thanks for the follow - you do indeed seem like a cool dude!
Emperor Palpatine scored a key legislative victory today thanking the Imperial Senate... Er House Republican Caucus 4 their support
I think is wonderful
I think the main motivation for Google is monetary (more spend). I also think it makes sense and will help canonicalize keyword sets
thanks boo! <3
After all that we've been through, i know were cool
#reenvisioningnagel Does this look familiar to those who were here 11 years ago?
we know ;) the link posted answered that for people who don't know about Type 1
#FF B4 THE GOVERNMENT THROWS U UNDER THE BUS 4 CUBAN CIGARS AND PRIVATE GOLF CLUB MEMBERSHIPS:
Go Pens!
thanks for following! #PO$ITIVEPU$H
Twitter died for a second! I know you can stay alive twitter!
#s3question If you wanted only the user to be able to see their uploaded photo, how would you implement that with s3?
Us Too! It's going to be life changing. ^staff RT Just finished #sunstandstill #sogood can't wait for "Greater"
Part of the contingent at
i never tweet from this account anymore! :/ have you missed tweets from your microphone? :)
they're just too stressed out to relax and take a shit lol
hi again =D
Are U author of Social Networking Toolkit? If so, might make a good phone interview 4 my show. More on Facebook.
Thanks for a great #nerdland. Hm. Did I miss anyone?
He'll get it next time
yep kinda. Haha
My ability to meet conditions with grace comes from my peace of mind.
we love you bro!!
Sometimes I worry I walk hunched over like that kid in high school with the roller backpack.
Gotta find a way to leave work early tonight so I can watch this UFC fight.
Thank god 4 another day n another chance 2 B great!!!!!
Recording a new song right now to put up on my youtube. Song is by And that, is what's #OnMyMind #AllDay In The
Cause you have to have hope! :D I have to give you hope! Cause you gave me hope! :D You know what I mean Jellybean!? ;D
Sad day. It gets better.
7. Who is ur best luck and how r u honoring it to get return on luck #ASTD2012 Collins
that's true, I wonder if they would give me the color of paint, damn corp landlords and their off white paint.
There are cultures composed almost entirely of metaphor, in an alignment with soul, to the point of pineal gland reconfiguration. Ecstasy.
RT : R E T W E E T this tweet if you want me to list you in my list of Jasminators ♥
Its not cheating if I let you watch LC....:0)
Divorced! ;-p
I'd love that. I have to charge my phone ALL the time.
I need more pussy in my life.
You will leave with great pride, lasting pride. - Panetta
Congrats on 6 years..are you going to be getting the Reebok Question on 5/26?
Discussing if people are bothered by tweeting at events.
Today's Sandwich: Ham & Turkey Club on a Croissant with a cup of soup....$6.95
Fortunately for her, im a cannabaker:)
It snowed last night but at dusk today everyone was iceskating at the rink beneath "the Bean" in Millennium Park
I LOVE THIS GUY!!!
I don't care if you want to marry a toaster oven. It doesn't affect my life at all.
thanks for the add. I think.
RT RT smile....its easier than explaining why you're sad.
what's good?
Spring is finally here! Fresh, colorful bath products brighten evenyone's day! www.thesoapguy.com
I can't watch it right now...maybe tomorrow
Enjoying watching John Grisham on the morning talk show circuit this week. Can't wait to read Calico Joe. Loved the excerpt in SI.
Thank you for the lovely book!! I really enjoyed it (especially the ending).
Happy DiabloIII.... Er Mother's Day! :-p
She deserves it. she's a little girl who knows nothing. She strings guys along and uses the fact they lover her against them.
love that city!! RT : Driving through your city
Hahah, #Spandemonium, that's the best I've heard. We needed someone to compete with the
Ah, would that I were able to read this! Alas, not OA.
Hahahahahaha you act like you are five. Same size too
big word!? :o
If I Dont Ask For Your Opinion Then I Dont Care What You Think Or Have To Say .
About to hit this blunt and get to the studio, what y'all up to today?
RT : demo pit best in show finalist include UX Flip, Ready-Set-Work, and cWize. Good luck guys!!
Oops. Tweet from the wrong profile, it's actually playing. Not TVA. Sorry guys. :/
U need to hit that, LeBron. Totally deserve the crap storm coming your way if they lose this
Shows over): hope you guys liked my singing!!! AND NOW I HAVE TO GET READY, heading over to downtown at 11:00 to watch the fireworks.
Terrific 2 have you joining in the effort 2 impact world this way---you do this in so many wonderful ways already!
That's cool if my brain wakes up after sleeping about 2 hours, we'll see how it likes staying awake all day. I'll beat insomnia
no. It's like ensuring that people who work at a Jewish organization get the same access to ham as those who work elsewhere.
Worked on the Jo book while eating a turkey sandwich.
Unwrap yourself a joyful Christmas!!!!
can I come, too?
my little cookie monster (: I <3 you!
ikr?! Lol I think its different and cool :) they should play it more on the radio cause I hardly ever hear it
We're giving away a FLIPCAM July 12th, all you have to do is LIKE our Facebook page! www.facebook.com/RealMomTV
Today we are invited to embrace ALL THAT WE ARE. How do we do this? Take a few quiet moments to sit with your breath and intend to connect.
wishing spring break was here already !!!
in my pajamas in bed.
Did you know that redrot can SPLATTER?
S/O to the real niggas I run wit
Happy Monday, music world.
Sure film credit doesn't pay off. But I like seeing my hometown on the silver screen. Just watched The Town, again
Sweet. 5 hrs or so away.
I'm scared mimi might drink herself to death! Wtf is going on with her?!? She didn't care about jumping release or the twins
#ITL_UMD in session with Ron Yaros on advanced strategies for blended learning. Blogs, twitter, Wimba, & more.
Dick Stockton: "Long mountain to climb" WHAT?!
“: Any new records I should check out ?” Kenny Garrett's new side! Dl'd it last night and haven't stopped listening.
I want food .
thanks!! Love yew tew!!!
Watching the other Boleyn girl! Thanks
New twitter profile photo :)
BWAHAHAHA!!! Tami, you are so funny!! <3 ya girl!
I cant stop snackin on stuff....got the kitchen on lock.....
Our production company World Class Studios is getting very close to finishing our new event facitlity! Stay tuned, BIG THINGS coming!
Each and every very small stage You should know Concerning Tacori Wedding rings
No. More. Sleep. MT : Coke is in talks to acquire Monster Beverage, a move that could expand its presence in the energy-drinks market.
youu and Jaafar are so cute together! I was watching your vids last night, and I was like awhh so cute! Lol
Real G's move in silence like lasaGna .....get it now?lol
My French teacher thinks I'm crazy after I asked her I how to insult people in French
Adults have some horrible music tastes.
lol today is a good day :)
why did I find this adorable? Oh, that's why; because you are. :)
Congrats on your #Emmy nomination for #SchoolsOnTheBrink! |
follow back? :)
I never wear make up. 0 fucks given
Feel like fightin ppl
LIKE this status if you or your kids head back to school soon --- what do you look forward to the most?
Hey thanks for the add!
Cant do nothin in this weather!!
LA LA JUST ASKED DO HER SON NEED A HELMET TO RIDE A PONY... LLS... SHE CRAZY... ;-0
"...and visions. And yet, I sense their presence. I always do - and at this moment more than ever.” - Wiesel's Nobel acceptance speech
Love & Happiness
“: I would pay someone to never receive another UKNOW email” Yes dear god
Deciding what to do next. Exercise? Read? Take the kids for a dip in a public fountain? Snack? Your suggestions are welcome...
you'll be fine... everyone speaks English better than I do!
its hard bro you wouldn't be able to.
spin that record babe
Join us to raise money for the Jerry Dunaway Brain Cancer/Music Benefit on 4/20! Great music line up for a great cause!...
loved it!
On my way home from Greek dance
keeping focused, keeping positive
Thank you to for the delightful blueberry cupcake yesterday in order to promote #RevereBoston!! Favorite cupcake flavor!!
But Im The One ... LOl. I Dont Get It ... I Feel Like Your Ass Gone Get Cut Too ...
alright I got you.
Busy Day
I wanna be the only one, for miles and miles, except for maybe you and your simple smile. (;
It was a pretty dang good movie. You prob already know this, but you should stay until the credits end. Have fun!
hi. just trying to get things done..and what r 'u' doing? ;)
that's quite disturbing :/
yes, we're in a problematic situation (and by "we", I mean the faculty). We both need to be self-reflexive and critical ...
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When you truly find love, you find yourself.
Walking down the street, wondered why I got some puzzled looks. Realized I was singing that Month of May song from Camelot. Out loud. Ah,no.
Happy Friday Promo tonight
if you do take your shirt off please take pictures and post them.
iight,when you gon let me hear it?
