RT #browns phil Taylor tore his left pec, will undergo surgery next week, pat Shurmur announced.
Some people are actually protesting Desmond Tutu now? Are you kidding?
Just turned on E! coverage of the #oscars and Ryan Seacrest is already annoying the hell out of me five minutes in. Damn, boy!
So proud of you, Ruth. For all yr hard work, in all these ways. I'm glad you're allowing yourself the pride. Spin lots, ok? :)
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. Francis Bacon
Had a nice chat this AM with Terri Stacy on about our partnership with the rollout of our Parent Pledge.
Enjoying my coffee :-)
Crazy times right now we could use all the help we can get so thank you very much:)
still no tweet for your cool aunt?
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over (2gx-os)
can we please pick up LaBoy.., chargers just released him
loves Pokemon and gangsta rap together
The more time you spend worrying about what other people think of you, the less time you spend on bettering yourself !
c'mon Rich, be nice to the promo dept!!
I think you are right!
If Bush really wanted to help Romney he should have endorsed
Don’t let anyone think less of u because u are young.Be an example to believers in what you say,in the way you live,in your love,your faith
“: Pillow of Winds: No. 3 Gin, lemon juice, sage-infused ginger syrup, egg whites” night cap
no he should have use miss and just assumed you have a bf based on stunning physical appearance. He's still learning.
Gonna listen to PYHU till i fall asleep (if i can lol) love u #GrandeDreams 
I'm exhausted...spent the day making body butters, aroma bead sachets and bath bombs, my house smells so good right now!
Justin tried to do a 'Nana' part in boyfriend .. it was sorta a fail.
Someone mention Carpenter's THE THING? It screens here at the in several minutes.
And that the Mansion party better not get rated.
Oh no! That's horrible! :( So sorry to hear that. Keeping your family in my thoughts.
nice beer pong performance tonight. Tomorrow we shall overcome our disappointing loss with a monster win!
What's to the right of the pretzels? Also, Kit Kat is good ANY time of the day.
man I swear own lie but we to turnt up
To celebrate #leapday just had a 4X strong coffee! Hoping to do the same with my scotch in the evening!!
im only gonna watch the rangers game cuz ofyou
I'm coming for you one direction...
super moon!!!!!
NYC bound tomorrow, excited to meet my other cooking cousin :)
wow, thought I was the only person who listened to him lol his brothers are awesome too.
Had a VERY productive day in the garden. I love the de-stressing it does for me!
Liz Engelman's new word: haikeet, a haiku that is tweeted from Hedgebrook.
I'm going to miss lax so much...
You had me at meat tornado.
I been smokin too much
Seems just like it was yesterday I was hanging with Alex at a soccer game or fall festival..I miss him.
ps I miss your laugh!!! And moans when you eat! Ha!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when someone wakes me up
Do you mean pic of Wid Wadman actually drawn by indv reader? Haven't seen that, wish I had. Perhaps ask Sterne's editors?
I will be framing this tweet! :-)
94 on my math exam and i have no clue how to do half of this shit.
Not only can Charlotte sing...she has a sweet last name! Love her on
Wrath of the titans! Lets see if its as raw add I think lol
lol! Good luck with that, man!
go get some
damn phones lost connection lol busy signal rest of the day “: ... The moment she says "Hey, I gotta ask you a question" ... Ehh.”
Woot. I'll update the post with the time and location soon.
Happy to show appreciation to a wonderful group of women
St. Xavier gets two runners on to start the T3, but can't push any runs across. Trinity leads 3-0 after 2.5 innings. Tigers have stranded 4.
same old dude. making tht music. how u been?
Home visiting the folks on Cape Cod. Great to get a break and inhale the salty air...that is while I'm not reorganizing closets.
I got one ; do you have a band aid cos I scraped my knee falling for you <3 :)) Lhh
getting the fishy's sloppy seconds
Need an agent for acting or modeling email me or message me at www.facebook.com/csyeager for more details mention me fast
#Mobile can bridge the info gap between docs & patients. When #patients stay on-track w/ their #health, everyone's
A2: The opinions you hold.
LMFAO well sometimes love makes me do and say crazy things
RT : Webinar starting in 10 mins! Join us as we discuss the latest global macro, commodity & equities trends....
Thanks, Lorna. I hope so!
so what is your verdict? Mobile Web or Mobile Apps? [sorry, I'm biased by being part of the DOL Team :D]
your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Just heard the news! Congratulations, Ansley! So proud :)
Hey Kim!
glad you both had fun! :)
It's a good show, enjoy!
HOT bands at Frank tonight Burning Hotels Little Brave. come out and party with us
Very big things coming up in the bear future. A beatport remix release and a special collaboration :) who's ready?
Milwaukee high school student Jakayla Dills joins us next to talk about her trip with superstar for
We enjoyed sponsoring the Houston Corporate Paralegal Luncheon yesterday!
2) Greinke has the stuff and command of a #1. Hasn't been able to perform consistently enough to that level.
going to lie and say they aren't? you know the funny thing is, the school will make a big deal outta this argument goin on.
I really need to get better. I have cabin fever bad.
good! you?
No studio tonight :(
Rest in peace, Dick Clark
Ah - recertified for SPHR one more time!
Wow nice ad plug Miller64!
Dear High School Reunions, You are now obsolete. Please contact Facebook with any questions.
I've got the Subway all to myself! Peaceful dinner.
Worst day of high school yet
Me too. I fell in love with them. I might take a pic, but I just don't want it to look crappy by tomorrow. Hahah. :'D
k will do
Ha. Thanks to your strength in the force, Clarence Thomas did something cool for once in his life.
Totally appreciate the ! Thanks so much!
Part of living and growing up is experiencing unexpected troubles in life.
He must be on that #DaveRamsey RT : Raise and shine... Only broke people sleep.
trying to warm up after watching two little league hockey games in a row! we won one and tied the other! yep, i am a "hockey mom!"
Omfg he was putting the fries in his ear. Wtf Johnny.😂
Fans at Players Championship not sure how to behave when seating not blocked off by tarps.
That moment u realize that ur team has to "somehow" guard westbrook and durant...and oh yea sixth man of the year james harden O.o
What??? People are so dumb.
That thing where you've responded to three texts in a row with puns. And loved every one.
yea thanks for the invite Lisa...that's okay I see how it is.. Haha Have fun
Didn't get to last night, but planning on checking it on Thursday.
Watching "The Craft"... This movie seems a bit aggressive for 1996.
"The " is my favorite part of tonight.
HAD A WONDERFUL WKEND.. I WON ULTIMATE GRAND SUPREME @ INTERNATIONAL FRESH FACES STATE.. I WAS SO HAPPY!!!
Gregory #maguire does amazing voices!
Got tickets to LOVE!!!! Gonna hit up the Aria tonight
What might make less suited for a collaborative vs. individual project?
TY Where are you dining on Thursday?
it's my best friend Jake! Hahah
#BackWhenIWasAKid the internet didn't exist. Isn't that strage to think about? You newbies won't be able to relate.
What is happening?! DID YOU CALL ME? CALL AGAIN!!!
sounds like a toddler making excuses, I loved his tantrum, such a baby
so many ppl in this I can barely type
go to sleep nao, granpaw. 😊 goodnight.❤😘
Thanks! I'll post updates.
I JUST barely threw away my favorite bra from 7th grade that I've kept forever even though I can't fit it. IT'S YOU.
I'll make my official pick in July. Leaning #Texans RT : who is your pick for the superbowl this year?
. Art keeps me physically and mentally active and challenged, which keeps me alive and healthy.” Dave - Metal Arts craftsman
Hatch Staffing Services would like to wish everyone a wonderful holiday weekend!
Q's 4th grade Music Night...
Tweet with your questions for and #DIY and #crowdsource car manufacturing - starting now
“: A heartbreak is a blessing from God. It’s just his way of letting you realize he saved you from the wrong one.”
sorry for the hold, had to do a couple of hours . . Dec 2013 is the date!
I'm awake barely though
Tim's teapot? in PA idr the name but it's someone's teapot haha
Another fantastic word! ...and what I'm about to be when I have to go out in a few minutes! Wishing I had some wellies.
Just don't give a fuck lol
When writing about product/service benefits, focus on positive wording instead of negative.
When this life is over, will u be proud of what u've done?
Thanks Ronnie!
Keeping me busy today!
RT : Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. ~ Pablo Picasso
Forbes strangest homes for sale in the US. The Unabombers home made the list! goo.gl/cGMIs
so tired of this happening. Don't really understand how can't fix this "bug". Seems pretty simple
im sowwy bby i wish i was going :(
RT : #NeverInAMillionYears will you get the ugly bust down that's also your cousin
Looking to indulge yourself after a tough week? Look no further than JT Shoes. We have got the retail therapy that you crave!
DON'T FORGET TO UPLOAD PICTURES FROM THE VIP AT HMB <3 LUV U 5EVER
In order to lead you must first know how to follow! I am still learning how to follow.
Hopefully my nana dont have to stay over night again. Would really like for everything to be fine again.
Do u think whn Slayer wlked out of the stdio after finishing RIB they knew they had made the best metal record in history?
seen the police at yho house lier . qn aqain twitter just had to say that
Sounds creepy!
hahaha no it wasn't bulletproof. I wish though
Retweet if you'd LOVE to find out who won this week's Marukan Gift Pack.
": Im done with the bullshit, forreal."
O yeah! Exactly how it should be.
the jamir miller we never had?
For me, definitely. For you, possibly. It only costs $20, so even if it isn't totally applicable, it's low risk.
what's up.. send me ur question
hahaha! U know how we do roomie!
do you know when try outs are?
If I'm following you and u not following me back im bout to unfollow u NOW
People are pretty forgiving when it comes to other people's families. The only family that ever horrifies you is your own.
To live is just to fall asleep, to die is to awake
would you like to take a survey?
our favorite apps from #cleanweb are and TACO both powered by ! what were yours?
So Chalmers gets the last shot??? Lebron is really scared of that last shot
Get back to number one on keek!!! He deserves it! Love you Austin and good luck with the move! <3
Ok so I just played "angry birds" for the first time... shit was kinda cool!!
cool! What & where are they?
stupid why
she said she's gonna buy me some new J's! Lol
Especially the main guy ;);) lol
At Miami airport waiting my flight
Bad pains every one of the 500 or so times I performed (sang) as a child. Transcendental Meditation fixed that (and more!) right away.
The hawk's played better tonight.....go heat!
My grandparents live in AZ, they live right next to eachother. So every spring break when I go there, we hang out.
followed, follow me back please? :)
“: just arrived at UW for Science Writing there is a hashtag fight! #sciencedenial or #denialconf?” the first one is the official
"I thought it would be at Imagination Stage."
Awww he's adorable!!! Congratulations on being a mommy:)
In this give or take world I got what it take
100 percent yes please.
Every good leader must also be a good follower, but when the time comes for you to lead, step out and lead well!
Art or gym and haha
Why do women wear makeup and perfume? Because they are ugly and they smell bad
"There are no gains without pains." - Benjamin Franklin
"Can I build around fifty miles of Tehachapi mountains? Don't be thick in front of me, Al."
Oh I know, wasn't it inspiring? Happy Monday, universe!
when is your birthday gorgeous?
love is never easy but when you find the right person its worth it
I an serious o.O
We love Doug Kirby of Roadside America! We're looking forward to a good collabo for our Muffler Man doc!
dose of extreme metal with Children of Bodom
Janett left me with her keys to her brand new car while she's in her interview... 😏
My 2012 resolution: Relax more, yell less.
You should be proud of yourself SocksWithSandals is trending:)
DynosaurCreative is too many characters for Twitter . . . got any suggestions?
Everything happen for a reason.. but at the end of the day they all lessons!
Ohh thank God !
i liked it (;
#BJJ intro class tonight at 7:30pm. This is the last free intro class we are offering, so come on out and give it a try!
Come see us Saturday at the Rusty Grape Stomp Fest! Enter to win a massage, facial and Obagi Gentle Cleanser. Five lucky people will win!
DUDES. we just ate pizza in THE HOUSE WE JUST BOUGHT. whattttttr
My vegetable juicer has been risen from the dead ^_^
There's likely 2 be little policy difference based on who wins next election, just as Obama wasn't the change we hoped to see.
My mom just sent me some photos of her in Greece. So jealous. Who wants to plan a trip!?!
that's my wardrobe from You best recognize son!
they might want to be a firefighter and risk their life for a 401k.
yo u should just follow me on here
So pissed off.
Senator #Al #Franken breaks down crying, we'll tell you why coming up on the
I did already! I said, "OMG, do you know Carey?" One of your friends said that your sons went to school together. Small world.
I might graduate in may ! HELL YEAH! Bring all the work ! I got this !!(:
so that wasn't written with 100% sarcasm?
I love downtown Houston so much. <3 not even kidding. The skyscrapers are just so pretty.
That Highly Questionable show on ESPN2 said they weren't interested in watching the Spurs play cuz they'll easily win.
You guys deserve the rest..
I wonder if it's just your blog or your template? I can access mine on the lefthand side (in the dashboard) under "pages"
Google+ offers Asymmetric Sharing. Less of a broadcast system than Facebook or Twitter.
hardy vs jarret
Don't know whether to be amused or nauseated by politicians saying Happy Mother's Day on Twitter. Really sticking your neck out, guys.
Among the many reasons to visit Food and Drinks 2.Cozy Fireplaces 3.Ross
I got kicked out for being nice
"Basketball Jones" by Cheech n Chong.This features #GeorgeHarrison on guitar, #BillyPreston on organ, #KlausVoorman on bass
Calling all colleges in #Dmv before you go home for your break I have TRAVIS PORTER performing live call 804.245.9688 for table specials
Finally Finished Painting For 2day
Enjoying this...good read, good information__ www.cygresearch.com/burksblog/?p=390
FALLEN ANGEL.
No rest for the wicked... Long night so far with a sick puppy...
I need input on that.
If you ever catch Kinedy doing the Donkey Kong please take that pic!
Philip Rivers is still spelling his name like that.
Kevin Millwood vs Andy Pettitte...what is this 1998?
you're right. #rhinestonecowboy is a great song.
Good morning. Who made the coffee this morning?
what are fuck up world we live in PEOPLE
Good point, Adam. One difference is that SAH moms don't earn money for those 97 hours.
Addicted To Early Morning &nd Late Night's Finna Be Up All Night.
I don't know about you, but I'm about ready for Felipe Lopez part 3.
Oh my heck, there are cats outside fighting and they're really loud! Hush cats! People are trying to sleep! You shouldn't fight anyway.
Presenting Monday on Folklore and the Printing Press
“: follow my buddy from #Wisconsin. He knows where the bodies are buried and put some there.” Thanks. Is it the haircut?
" "Cano is late on pitches he usually hit to LF...will be back to Cano we all know soon" ...<They all will...lets ride it out!
What a weekend of Bach B Minor. Vance and the soloists are back home, and we're writing lots of Thank-yous!
me too girl fran
I don't have ex's, I have Y's. Y the hell did I do that?
Betty is nailing it.
haha not yet. But soon!!
Gogo and AeroSat get friendly on Ku-band, bring international in-flight WiFi closer
now following
you have to see my closet. & hahaha so funny -.- xD
So, obviously you should just move here already. No-brainer.
Site visit in Liberty City this morning. So much more work to do.
new sheets 😊
I don't feel bad, only lost a $1.00 playing
Watching a program on #natgeowild about a koala hospital in Australia.
What's up with all the sirens in NoPo lately? several times this week but lots late last nite
follow me on instagram same name on here Wildcat_Mike.
That awkward moment when your three alarms don't go off and you miss your philosophy final.
aiight im going to bed....yea i know it's early....
CATS!!!! Thanks for a fantastic year....
I ain't cocky much but...I'll put #theCAMpaign up against any cat comin out this summer str8 up!!!!
;;; i never knew that i could fall in love with someone that i don't knoow in person.. but, i'm honestly in love with you! :c
40's are in the forecast! C.A.N.N.O.T.W.A.I.T!!
Follow ur boy back
is following everyone but me ):
Go ahead. Replace me. After all we've been through. Best friends? Yeah right. <\3
In Florida. Writing, writing, writing, writing.
200 crunches and 3 mile run
Why not Sherlock?
haha, we know what it's like. Let us know when you're ready!
Hi! Lke the site?! It was designed in house. Please contact us at
TABED up now its time for me to get my GED
Had an 8 hour guitar session, writing and figuring out the final versions for songs that I'll be recording for Bed Time.
What up everyone
Does anyone watch the new Green Lantern animated series on Cartoon Network? I like it!
I hate naps.
- it was epic!!!! More diddys to come!!! Xoxo
RT r_vaswani: Drinks and tapas at Sirous in west Hampstead! Amazing night with live spanish music!
Just opened a beer with my flip flop...thank you
Wow so last night I told this guy he looked like a Homies cartoon and he thought I said homeless, so he went home and changed.
that movie n song freak me out!!
Thanks for following. Look forward to getting healthier via your tweets.
And if this is what we've got, then what we've got is gold. Heading to Atlantic City to see I am just a little excited :)
love you love you love you. Let's follow4follow? yes? try the link on my profile if you need free promotion.
im still cooking breakfast woke up late
I'm serious just tell me when and where
that's right!!!! Hurry up and get over here!! so we can do this thing! hahahaha :) Get some in that too!miss you
get next its yo job....I'm sure u can stat awake then....luv u
I love your bio - it's so true! "Attachments lead to expectations Expectations lead to disappointments"
I can't believe I let this happen again...
fun(: & nothing much:p
because they've been around longer and have hella dedicated fans :)
i know everybody enjoyed the last one! But the next ATL'S "Bridging the gap" Dance Cypher is coming Feb.17th!! 8PM-12AM !
Sat at Red Brick. Hog and Hops. 6pm---Until. $20 now, $25 at door. ALL U CAN DRINK/EAT. Pig Roast by Parish, Costumes, Live Music.
I'm still awake! (barely)
A few #auditions coming up, and working on #website edits and other #marketing projects with my #manager!
i'm happy at this point in my life .
what racetrack in this season you want to win so badly that om your list?
chrome poobah Brian Rakowski on their product dev strategery: build more talk less.
didn't find anything too weird, but several things i haven't seen in a couple years!
Should've went to Rita's cause now i really want a blendini :(
u are beyond lucky
me and ron in working on these maple floors after ac both ac units flooded the floors and required them to be repaired...nodaysoff
but seriously. L.E.S. by #ChildishGambino is just amazing. Those strings >>>>
Guess I should finally get around to watching Captain America and Thor, eh?
pretty chill week! my sissy is gone all week:( I MIGHT DIE! hehe
Really? Man, I thought it was great. But, more cheese couldn't hurt!
Thanks for following me! Hope you like my artwork!
Great NYTimes piece! I too used to make a not so bad latte. My residence was the Starbucks in Huntington Village.
I am actually. Your phone should be put away missy!
r u winter vaca yet... U shud text me
As a photographer I absolutely object to any bullying against photographers especially coming from Gaga.
has been posting some GREAT recipes!
Haircare Tip: Trim your ends every 2 months
Nah, never have been. Hack-and-slash clickfests have never interested me.
I hate responsibilities and the older you get the more you have... shit is wack!
Yes, chips and queso! Sometimes I make it with cream cheese. VERY good!
hi Bobby please RT happy 21st Birthday to she's a huge fan! Please!? & thank you. Much love.:-)
for the army!?!?
Lol @ linc "the problem with this new generation of girls is they listen to too much beyonce, you can't tell them nothin"
Happy Star Wars Day!
Got him! Go Baltimore!
Gonna buy like 4 energy drinks so that I can survive today
do it!! although Grand Rapids is pretty great. we're in a show up there tmmw at a new(ish) gallery. Heard of Con Artist?
lol u funny
Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/youtego
Privileged to follow movers and shakers. :-)
- me, TheRealArty, and yo_bj were all at one table yesterday (I think).
I have a headache.
We certainly apologize for the mix up, what was your order number? I will make sure the correct on here sent.
Hi I'm a good Guy --- wanna play * Chuckie voice*.
My first real earthquake! That was scary as shit.
Midwest jazz fans! Coming to in Ann Arbor, MI and Nighttown in #Clevelandjazz May 14th and 15th with guitarist
Hahaha no my aunt works for a brewery and she gets free tickets for Riverbend all the time (:
stresses the "why" question. What drives people makes a good story great.
They can because they think they can. -Virgil
at least he's wearing button downs instead of ratty old t-shirts? I say that's a definite win.
Visited AAPT DC today, product on shelves this or next week, no later than 5/20
Thank you for the follow! :)
The house you are selling is probably nothing like the house where you have lived. Get ready by cleaning, painting & staging.
I would recommend #ModernFamily. I don't know if you're into biker gangs or pot smoking Elijah Wood.
#MadMen just referenced Percy Bysshe Shelley: "Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair."
I'm reading BETWEEN SHADES OF GRAY, by Ruta Sepetys. Beautiful, and I'm freezing because the book takes place in freezing cold.
- saw your tweet about AK activities events. How's it going? Starting to feel like spring here in the Bay Area.
Home from work and praying this thermostat replacement does my fridge right- ready to relax the night away with the stupendous
shyt they have it at a couple places. Its not common though. Eye HATE that shyt. Especially when eye don't know the usen it
She is a G!
Distraction is definitely helpful too!
People who have the nerve to bash only celeb's are wrong because their people just like us. We have no idea what they have been through.
Wings etc with Holly ! :)
Time and Gems Plans Their Annual T&G Wholesale Event
Shower Time! :)
Throwing away things that remind you of someone you don't even talk to anymore.
Use gmail's canned response to create templates saying thanks for writing. Use your blog to address thoughtful emails. Then rest.
dinner with us tomorrow night in Buckhead?! We love you!!!
Wish i had a girl 2 go hoop wit
Playing Wii w/the hubby
Having something cute to stare at >
#agreed RT : In business : The greatest compliment is a referral!!!
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” she is the nickelodeon's kca fave asian act 2012
Finally watched Louis CK's new special last night. It's my very favorite one of his so far.
psyched for a musical audition today! there is nothing in the world like singing...!
#ForeverFly RT : RT : where can I get a forever fly shirt at?
...low on carbs: appetite is a bear AND folks who go Atkins style NEVER maintain weight longterm. I have a simple formula...
Hi instead!
#dogperson all the way!
In Ned Rorem’s apartment he methodically gave me ALL his choral music as I prepared to conduct his 70th birthday celebration.
Now I'm all, "The LAST PAIR? Other people put their smelly bare feet in these and stretched the display one more than it's mate GOD."
that drink needs a chaser!
we swill see next game.. Lol
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
thanks for the mention! today is chardonnay!
The boy weighed in at 10lbs 12oz in his latest checkup. Three pounds in just 4 weeks since he was born! Mama has some good milk
Tai-Chi this morning and a fruitful meeting for the new project!
Bad news.
Have you taken this survey to see how much your mom "salary" should be?
I feel for Ravens and 49er fans (except for the ones who are threatening players)
being friends with exes isnt that hard.
For sure
Yo sad news... doesn't believe in
don't forget I'm also, single-handedly, bringing the city of Detroit to the forefront of the US economy.
A5x processor, quad core graphics
#Daytona500 not everyday you see tide being spread on the track
Its here where you showed me how to feel betrayed in the weirdest way.
also said Gabbert was far and away the best QB in the class last year.
Waiting to see who won must be pretty nerve racking for Buzz and Wolfie Jr. What do you think they’re doing to pass the time?
when is the fight in this video, clip is 2hrs long hehe
you down to drink
Just woke up from the sweetest nap, damn... working now kinda sucks!
Drinking alotta water an granberry cleaning out system an slowing down on drinking
Thanks, love!
RT NJCraftBeer: Smuttynose is not two words and Blue Moon is NOT a craft beer.
about to download some old school music for the two hour drive back to philly
Depends, if the Clips knock off the Grizz this is bigger. Roy's last hurrah was sentimental, but Mavs won the 'chip.
True. True.
Ugh! Tired Of Homework! Hahah Off too My Friends House!
Poca Middle boys = Big win over Winfield! #take that!
SHOW TONIGHT @ PUB YAHOO! EVERYONE WHO SAYS M.D.D. AT THE DOOR GETS 50% OFF ALL MERCH!
Who's Clair? Tell me more!
RT : The designated drinker is the unsung hero.
Come on #CUSE its
Your phone froze? Well leave it on the counter. It'll thaw out.
Get a clay wash & detail after rainy days to avoid damage! Call for our daily specials (619) 928-4848
its kobe fault if they lose
After the pre Derby stories, I still like Bodemeister. But Union Rags looks tough to beat.
All they are trying to do is ruin us, but its NEVER going to work so they should just
wish I lived close I'm down
don't forget to go to angels gate cultural center on Aug 13 for their opening. Starts at 1:30
Working on a job app, writing about my old library, and kind of missing my gang of rowdy middle school patrons
motorcycle boy reigns!
LinkedIn you must be pimping me in whole new ways because I can't keep up with these connect requests.
Come to MY house & try to fight me.
thanks! This race felt better. I think there was less current. Missed you guys :)
I'll think about it!
Downers. Doldrums. Depression.
thank you , I love you for living it.
Held back & ran only 3 miles this morning, felt awesome & fast :) optimistic about calf strain, yay! Easy 10 on saturday?
Do not call me a doe! I am a human being! RT : Sure... I admire your optimism doe...
haha but he does kinda look like a baby fish thou
Dont Miss Updates regarding The 20th Annual Southern Fried Poetry Slam 2012 - LIKE that page and be present JUNE 6th - 9th
RT : fave teacher button quote: "Those who can, teach. Those who can't, write laws about teaching."
Got written up twice got my ninth tardy and I lost my packet for English.
back, got this crazy whiteboy saying D-Ridas back!
no. Darn! I left like 30 min ago
“The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.”
#boysshould stop pretending like they care about girls on twitter, when they are always the heartbreaker! 
And I can't believe I just messed up your and you're. I always judge people for doing that.
Cigars don't smell so bad
Exercise your creativity muscles today by channeling your inner toddler, and start asking "Why?" and "How?"
Call it a Curse , or just call me Blessed (:
Two groups are going to FDR, one to Lincoln and one to Jefferson. Good luck and no dancing!!
I'd love to be, can I roll with your crew?
I would be like you luckyy!!... soo how was it?
in Walmart tweakin
Q: would you date with latino guys? Yes I would yes yes yes.
No Packers at the Premiere this year huh? Is that an invite only or did they decline???
Surprise! Weeks strikes out!
Fack stuck in class and my car windows are open... To leave or not to leave
For you to wear upon your fleecy down, my meadowlark, sing to me
Particularly since the lone bright spot to date just gave a grand slam. You should expect it out of Veras by now.
We love our new cards featuring pics from our collections! Can't wait to share them.
October 27, 2004. I fractured my wrist high-fiving a stranger from a moving car. Worth it.
Timid people protect themselves from mistakes but wonder "what if"...Bold people make more mistakes but recover and find what is fulfilling
My dog used to eat bird poop off my patio.
would be so great to replace that rino with a real conservative!!!
The starting point of all achievement is desire. Weak desire brings weak results. Napoleon Hill
I wonder how liked my homemade hot dog this morning on fox 6 Milwaukee.
What are you up to tonight?
Very sad to see that it's up supposed to snow on Sunday -_-
Oh Tuesday night drinking
Game of Thrones!
That game was cake
Maybe if I bang my head against the wall super hard, i'll knock out & wake up in 7 hrs for school.
I just saw your tweet about your dad! How is he?! D:
problem-solving is creativity, and doing so as a team with designers and engineers involved together = joy to me
I wish I could rewind to Saturday night. What a magical night. So happy right now :-) If you want something badly, you can get it!
i hope you have a concert closer to Kentucky, i really like you& your singing, you have a great talent!!
The first thing my friends say is that I look like a mailman. Greeat. x)
Awww! I just asked Callie yesterday if she'd met Clair yet; she must have remembered. So sweet! Don't you just love ENA?
At church. My long lost home. <3
*Lifting the trunk door up, and revealing two brown bags* Brown bagging it, baby. *Flashing a wide, playful grin*
My favorite show:]
I'm going to fail algebra next year, can't wait
the damn skunks still!!!!!
mike a stay knocking back cherry cokes
pattie wants justin to take it slow with selena. and hes not ;o o.O
You could leave out the "...on a train" part.
King Felix made his first career start
MANHATTAN AFFAIR
I want to be the next female body builder. C'mon, I'm compact and bulk easily. LoL! Alright, alright - I'll ask !
We also use Omniture at my agency. Not a fan! GA is much more flexible for my analysis needs...and without the ridiculous $$$$$
haha, ☺ I'm ready to come back home !
OF COURSE! Rock it, brotha. I'm rooting for ya!
Thanks everyone! Especially We'll be replying to your questions as quickly as possible. Have a wonderful weekend!
Even tho he said no i bet it is((;
Thinking about East coast friends........
wtf yo my crack is gone some one o me money for touching my stash.
I saw some impressive custom Volkswagen models there. Anything catch your eye yet?
I agree and my source apologizes. It was NOT said in a public forum and the gathering was tiny.
e! RT : Anna ( staffer) just finished the !!! We are so proud!
Going all Hornbostle-Sachs on us for #MM???
eBooks and equity - maybe easy for affluent, but an issue for those in less-affluent areas; library has to bridge digital divide
I think you should have a contest to see who gets it right!
i don't ever wanna be like you, i don't wanna do the things you do.
that feeling you get when you really like somone
Today is a very quiet day, mentally and physically.
HA HA!! You dug deep for that one!!
Hanging out in the Coder Lounge
watching Making a feature in three days. I like it!
so u know I had to put on "School Daze" right?
so why are you saying it
The SKY is the Limit
A belated Happy Birthday!
im sorry <3 there was a girl working who had an mgk tattoo and a guy wearig a shirt <3
Money make the world go round. I honestly think its not the route of all evil.
To me a "cheat meal" consists of 2 bowls of Fiber One Original cereal with a protein shake as milk!
#jlo performing on #idol tonight? so bummed i'll miss that. truly bummed. i'm sure it's gonna be amazing. my sarcastameter just broke-LOL:)
enough already! 8 spam emails in 1 hour is not ok! I was over it at 1 per day. Who do I contact to be removed from list?
I should've called the police on him last night..Family will turn on u quicker than a stranger!
So many things to look forward to: #ArtAlive and Summer Salon Series at , Busker Festival and !!!
be happy darling!<3
PSU Seminar. All invited? Is there an admission fee?
You do know that Jefferson was an #atheist, right?
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 6. I really want to see the movie "the Woman in black" like, REALLY BAD.
Today is a good day! :)
My cockles are getting really warm up here
Crazy Halloween Weekend!
God bless and cover this day.
have fun at miller park tomorrow!
"We softened 'em up with machetes." -
what if all the hot VA music stars made a song & music video together?
you just tried to place my shirt :) lol
at the Churchill Museum, go to Nov 11, 1918 on the board.
politeness in politicians? Carl demaio completely ignored me in elevator! Said "hi" he acted stuck up. Why?
How I love <3 he's amazing. But will I ever get noticed.?
yea mines
Buck is just an vastly inferior version of the Bogut free throw.
Ms. Mead I am working on a song for your show with one of my artist Miguelito Lamorte, We'll have for you by this coming week.
same! It's gonna be a long night
ah, I didn't know Russel and J had an anniversary to celebrate! LOL
I'm definitely having "one of those days"...I might just keep quite till the weekend comes. Distance clears my mind
I'd love to visit the philippines but I don't see that happening. Just run, when u feel like u will die run another mile :)
Domain has been purchased. Now setting up SquareSpace. A few more hours, and the rest of this bottle of Liberty School, and we're official
RT : "Don't forget to speak positively about your competition " -
Happy Record Store Day! Play a record today!
Hm. RT : Hello friends, family, and fans. This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter.
I like cheese :-)
Peyton Manning had a very successful career w/ the Indianapolis Colts. Where's he playing next year & do u think he'll continue his success?
She can pronounce mozzarella, prosciutto and gelato all night to me.
Great fight tonight Bigg Rigg! Congrats! Thrilled we could support you! “: Thank u guys for all the support”
HARVARD SQ: CARAMEL APPLE and BANANA flavors. Tastes so good it'll blow your mind, and then some.
Social media offers plenty of opportunity for your business because it is highly accessible and scalable to your market.
Demi is the only girl celebrity that can make girls question their sexuality.
haha thanks sweetie :D Whats news?
oh ok! Is it a small town where your moving?
#AskPierceTheVeil Can I be Mexican one day?
Mfers don't be talking bout shit
And the #Brewers play again at noon... Exhausting.
The Ides of March was SO GOOD.
Anyone looking for really creative programs, check out the MCA Denver. They took risks w/ staff. This is the result.
Haven't tweeted in a minute! The ZAK! Downtown show was amazing last night! Look out for pics and videos soon.
I'm gonna have to figure out this F# thing sooner I later I guess. . . .
I want a heart with some quote, but not completely sure yet.. lol
So true!! RT Please Let staff know asking for sugar free or certain milk is not vanity-may be HEALTH issue
Flash on Tap tickets will still be on sale at the door for both the full event and party passes. See you there!
soo im sitting here bout to drink a milksake and watching Everybody Hates Chris
call me bro! / what Are you going this weekend
not necessarily...now you can procrastinate for even longer!
Oh, and I sell a kick-ass seasoned seaweed salad.
u.u ! Thx, you helped me 'cuz my spanish teacher is some calm, and sometimes I don't understand! :P muy divertido!
Westminster Presbyterian Church's #babycontest last evening was uproarious and the babies adorable.
#ChuckNorris CAN eat just one Lay's potato chip...
so awesome. it's really steve's fault tho, he made for a pretty bad first impression.
hahaha it was literally just us tweeting
Bible study tonight then going for a night run! :-)
Watched the little mermaid in espanol in spanish class today:)
BOOKED the lead role in MAC & CHEESE, a New York Film Academy Thesis film directed by Emre Lufte Cicek. Shooting starts February 2010!
Thanks for the shout out , and happy #FF , , and Happy Spring!
I have no fear of the 49's. Bring that to Green bay in Jan. I was there in 95 and will be there again in 2012
Heaven came down and gave us life! ~ You Deserve the Highest Praise
You're the harmony to every song I sing, but I wouldn't change a thing~
I only trust the person that I see in the mirror .
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it. Charles M. Schulz
This group of bumbling ninny candidates only wish they could raise their status UP to that of one with Downs.
: What was your response?
when will I realize that the internet will still be here in the morning and I should just go to bed?
>WOW, on LG's A list - I'm honored
thannks to I want McDonalds for breakfast...
I finally caved & bought an iPass today on my way to class. I feel like it's a direct line from my wallet to big government.
Who went to the midnight premiere of "The Hunger Games" last night? Did you enjoy it?
Have a good day, night, morning. I'm going to bed; been sick all day.
thanks for the follow !
There are way too many protests happening at union square right now. People need to coordinate.
This way, "Bitch you nuts, look I only fucked you once, how you gon' get the message, I ain't called in months"
St-Vincent sounds great!
I'm not "emo", "goth", "rocker" or whatever. I'm just Ashley.
": Going home finally" Run, Melanie, run!!!!
“: Just got my tickets to the brew city stomp down. this shit better crack” it will!
that is an excellent observarion sir...point taken
The new Abandon All Ships is nothing special, but definitely an improvement from anything on Geeving. I'll give them that.
I want all the books.
hahah :) ur like the star football player there arent you?
Back in LA baby!!!
I paid 7 dollars last night for a slurpee at the Mavs-Thunder game at the AAC. #signss of the apocolypse
“: what's wrong?” nothing hun!
#aawlc honestly, most of these questions were subjective.
Cheers to a coffee shot!
Trout Tickling is going to be big in 2012.
Tonight at the Launchpad Domestic Disturbance!! and Miss Rock the Ink contestant submissions will be accepted!
as many hits as they've had, the M's should have won this one in regulation.
In the country with and
I'm so sorry to hear that...<\3
Tune in to the tomorrow morning btw 9-10am to see #OlympicChamp perform on the Rock Center Ice.
doin' ok, man! Much more career centered activity lately. Cool to see all the EC-ers on stage at Gramercy!
Bed head, makeup down my face, and PJ's in the car, noice.
Cornelius Tacitus~ There can never be a complete confidence in a power which is excessive.
Most experts picked the Penguins as the playoffs’ unsinkable ship, but not only have they run into an iceberg, they’ve hit rock bottom...
Season 2 of #downtonabbey starts now.
if schooling means losing
U have such an adorable Twitter icon!!
you used the term beezo hah. Excellent.
Test post from new phone.
good to hear man. will keep your shoulder in my prayers
I promise in real life she's an awesome person!
Nothing in life is to be dreaded. It is only to be comprehended.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!.
I just wanted to tell you that your new album is amazing! #NotJustYou is an amazing song! I've been listening to it all night=)
"Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you."
What about #Tyngsborough?
broke out the vintage synths this weekend to put together some early-80s-style film score pieces.
Nothing can compare to the feeling of sleeping with a comforter fresh out of the dryer.
I get inn till the sunrise, ayy!
Handed the heffie wort over to the yeast beasties...let 'er rip!
A queen's nightmare: Harassment, discrimination, double standards, you name it. Cannot wait to tell you details!
have you heard anything about that shark movie? Maybe we check it out this weekend!
Not working
Just because I'm from Georgia, doesn't mean I dated my sister...though Dad says she's a great Kisser! :)
u 2lol I have been able to get Wi-Fi in like forever lol
I am in desperate need of some seltzer water
thanks for the RT! LOVE THE SUPPORT!
Now Ben Bentzin speaking about Interactive Health Technology. Fitness feedback systems for kids.
RT PORTLAND: Show had to be moved cuz I'm doing a tv show. I am truly sorry. I will be back!
Happy holidays to all my tweets.
The guys over at are awesome. cc:
Missing her
ill bring the beer...but tell ur mom to back off because I'm with u lol
I cam already tell I'm going to hate work
Beautiful ~ looks very intelligent and legendary fan of Andrea is very sweet to everyone. She deserve love ♥
wow, congratulations! RT : Congrats!! is speaking about your book on ”
Trying to figure out what song to sing :/ any suggestions?
The mean boy from Stewart little who has the good boat looks like jason from the iconic boyz!!
BBC radio! <3
"I don't know if you realize this but ALL songs are about girls. Except the one's girls write. I don't know wtf those are about."
THANKS LINDSAY! Robert Murase designed Collins Circle to refer to a Japanese symbol in basalt. WHY in Goose Hollow is unkown
Yes, that too. I actually want to see School of Rock now. Didn't really think I would enjoy Jack Black but definitely did.
Follow me on Instagram Iridianquevdo ;) ill follow back I just made one lol
Thanks to everybody who came to our first concert! We can't wait to do this all over again on November 21st!
I speak for my girls if u got a man keep him nd hold until he does sumthing wrong if u dont got 1 get 1 nd do da same...
Hahahaha! I wish! He doesn't. Hes to into the Swim team & his girlfriend. :P
1 1/2 months before we move to the west coast!
omfg you beat up so many little kids that summer </3
Why did my mom just say "is this Kanye West?" When "take care" came on the radio.....hit her with the biggest fkn stale face ever.
Thanks Dani, I swear this crap is gonna KILL ME. LOL (I don't have enough life insurance for them to pull plug tho.) LOL!!
Should have been: packing. What I actually did: watched this week's Flog. Whoops.
great pic. Can't wait for Little 5.
I have an uninteresting life
My fifth grade teacher died. She was the best teacher I ever had. Makes me sad.
#ghettocrayolacolors Juicy J Yellow
Having your phone reset to factory specs.......the pain of setting up a new phone, without the fun of getting a new phone.
I never watch commercials, but I know ALL jingles
Left-handers excel particularly in tennis, baseball, swimming and fencing.
Glad to see you Rick! It was a big decision. I stay more focused here on Twitter. My email is brian.vallotton :-)
u bet man! How about a
Really need to cut these personal fouls out
me & my mom have gotten so close recently and i love it! she's my bestfriend💗
Eating foods with protein and oils from plants results in an increased lifespan
I'm going Western Conference, strong goalie, no cups. Go #Coyotes, #Predators and
Lovely breakfast at the Windsor Rose Tea Room in Mt Dora today. Just splendid.
Stay educated and informed abt ebook happenings. It's ever changing. Know what's going on and share w your staff and users.
You haven't seen the real walmart until you have seen them repaint the parking lot
So, when a prospective client says, "I have already designed it, you just need to make it look GREAT" should I laugh or cry?
children are not for me right now LOL
Twenty-three runs scored in tonight's game. TWENTY-THREE.
I love the new Doritos tacos at taco bell
RT : You can't knock on wood when playing Portland, they've already cut it up<true
Need an opener for your tour? How bout an unsigned artist: Saw you with Ed last time around. Sonically pleasing!
“One thinks that one is tracing the outline of a thing’s nature–one is merely tracing round the frame through which one looks at it.” wtgstn
Sure do.
We can say we knew him when!! Congrats 2 on being named NABJs Emerging Journalist of the Year
hi, and an interesting fact, there are less than 400 likely D1 voters on twitter. So powerful, but perhaps not useful.
So haven't started that paper for dailey I think I'm Gunna start a riot #whoswithme!!!
And Phillip Phillips in the finals too! I called it. Boom!
my life goal is to lick nutella off of justin. ok.
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return...
I'm definitely a Meeks guy. Even if this isn't the University of Jodie Meeks.
This is going to be a great week. Count the miracles in your life just today. God is always on time.
Rae Zapata, I don't know she is doing, and after hearing her in debates, she don't know either!!!
: Happy Chinese New Year! It's the year of the Water Dragon. Get 9 oranges for good luck& prosperity.
The kitchen is making weird noises! (o_O)
no mate, i'm going straight to cannes this trip, but will stop by after the fest if you're around
There is no doubt that doubt exists, however, I'll not let a persistent doubt alter the future of my doubtful present. - Trog
Let's go Syracuse!
thanks girl! Working on it!
It's Wednesday! Empanada day! Chicken or cheese. Soup of the day: chicken with rice and veggies. See you for lunch!
Are you still planning on using this handle?
Still at the studio Gettin it IN
thank you ;)
appreciate the time tonight you killed it with the ball story
RT : Back to work ... Austin 2mrw wit da squad
IT DOES(:<
RT : There is so much we can all do to make a difference in the world. Don't have to think big. Start small. Build from there.
What are your favorite songs right now? We wanna know!
I really hate stupid drivers! Its not hard to drive people, use some common sense!!!
good call - I think we're split 50/50 down the middle here
thunder and lightning and falling trashcans OH MY. stay dry and safe LB. we love you, ya know?
me too!
hope u don't get stranded in the snow
We'll be at Stand 35 at #ILTAINSIGHT nx week. Find out how can help yr firm cut costs & increase productivity
share with me the blankets that youre wrapped in 'cause its cold outside. share with me the secrets that you kept in, 'cause its cold inside
I really don't like my life at the moment.
have fun in Paradise! We need to open a Really West Coast Office! Ahi, wine, and Ted Bakery Pie!
Excellent, as usual.
Trying to be everything to everybody at the expense of our own balance and ease will not work
We are afraid that the inborn politeness of American men has spoiled some of our ladies. (1850)
By focusing on this, they're not looking at addressing the real issues of food manufacturing & animal cruelty in the US.
I know! Hahaha
Almost 2 years. Started in summer of 2010.
ok i gotyou can u go on skype
GIRL BYE! HERE YOU GO WITH THIS CAPS LOCK!
please go to the induction ceremony with
Friends don't let friends use paper.li. It's truly a pointless twitter (dis)service people, quit using it!
Me & gone fuck that girl in Ms.Gray class..
Social computing/HCI folks: Are there any classic texts that state what your field's primary concerns or purposes are? Need em for a paper
i will send followers your way. follow me
Previewing "People Matter," a new film on participating in biomedical research, with
Watching a show on 9/11. I'm crying so hard :'(
aye! RT : baby whatcha say we go pickin wildflowers? got a spot way back in the woods, sneak away for a couple of hours.
Twitter i don't wanna fucking add my location to my tweets. :(
request done..
Thanks for the #ff and hello good NY'ers
I swear to God if Wells Fargo keeps stealing my money I will go to every branch in Tucson and yell the fuck out of them.
happy birthday ;)
I think Juwan Howard will be an asset now w/o Bosh, am I crazy or his exp. will help us?
what's the bbq fest? No cops?
Bless you, thankful for your encouraging post and prayer. ♥ Happy Mothers Day! {{Hugs}}
U w/ curly hair? RT I should take job! jan 5, when IU was contender 4 title, I said they'd b 5th n B10
wish Kristen's hair was up. love the dress!
WOULD U SELL UR SOUL FOR FORTUNE & FAME
I need a mechanic! Small engines a Plus Let's see if this Twitter stuff really works One of your friends needs a job! Re-Tweet this
New O'Keefe video doesn't prove rampant voter fraud, it proves someone could commit perjury. If this happened rampantly, we'd have records.
That heat pad really helped out my back last night. Now the only pain I feel is the searing burn it left.
Nice OT win #Pens! Goal Letang!! #Yinz owe him an Irn.
“: Who has 2 thumbs, a HUGE Diet Coke, and a pile of stuff to talk about filling in for this morning? *THIS GUY*” :)
BABYGIRL IM SOO PROUD OF YOU, your finally becoming an adult! butim not gonna say congrats yet! because you havent hit the month.
If you miss TMI Tuesday, I'm starting it up tomorrow -- and I'm bringing back so you can get the answers on Twitter again.
Please send details to and we'll make sure to help you out ASAP. Thanks.
Collecting more interesting data for my book on #CaliforniaHockey ...
Can't wait till next Sunday gonna be in Cali an on Sunday I'm going to Great America YEAH BUDDY it's just like six flags 
love me some maduro
they both are.. Lol
You know, I thought your name was Spanish for a while there... ;) RT I wish I could speak spanish, seriously.
Have you read/did you like Twilight? 50 Shades of Grey started as Twilight fanfic and apparently still reads like it.
Just the .com or the .ws, .cc. co. tv, etc etc as well?
What bout these bitches out her fucking these big booty ass niggas.....Lmao
aw thanks guys :) Sean, hope you have as much fun in Portland as you did in Vancouver!
Who says its a MAN'S world, Men only think so in MY world....Its a man's world inside a woman's universe!
we're eastside people through and through. Follow us for locations and stop on by. We have something for everyone
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when shes in one of them moods
Most communities have hundreds to thousands of members, but SocialEngine has been used for millions of members!
Happy friday the 13th
We've noticed that there hasn't been a single "fondling incident" at ODU since you've been gone. blwablwablwablwablwa!
To this day i'm still sad Metallic never got angry enough at their fan base for pirating their songs that they quit making songs. So close.
sometimes i gotta let em know. i'm small but i'm big at the same time!
Money doesn't make me. I make Money- Floyd Mayweather
It is. It's just one of those books where you read the first two lines and immediately know you're in good hands. Love that!
Watching the ten commadments
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination. ~Oscar Wilde
reheats a leftovers show on WTJU.net from 2-4 pm
HELP = H(umor), E-go, edging God out, L-istening, P-urpose. -Ken Blanchard
I so do understand that.
One more day until "The New Era" drops on digital outlets, including CDBaby and iTunes!
I'm aware of my flaws & you can't call that insecurity.
first d-3 school to do it I believe. Something in the water at u dub-dub
Do not touch the customers!!
We sent you an email with some options... do you like options?
How is that possible if the existence of communism means the disappearance of the state?
Thank God for Wolfram Alpha.
When we live our questions, life will give us the answers.
I know.. that is why i thought of you
ha. no, was going to challenge you to some words with friends but couldn't figure how to send a direct message from my ipad :)
you should put the pictures you took, up son :)
I don't think I wanna watch this game anymore. If anybody talking bout this 2k on Xbox hit me though lol
whats this Day For ?
I believe I am ready for #PatsRun on Saturday #BeastMode never sleeps! I just finished a 6.12 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
superfantabulous news.... my Mayo check-up was so good yesterday I think I am officially ready to dive head first into that midlife crisis
Our prices reflect our core beliefs. We believe everyone deserves access to healthy hair
I think I'll leave Leon alone for the night :)
Waiting for busses at south station has to be the most boring thing...
If I could write you a song to make you fall in love, I would already have you up under my arm
you crazy
Success - There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way.
just for fun
your not fat its large
See. Bulls on a 9-2 run.
Community #Clouds are restricted, Public #Clouds anyone can use if they are willing to pay, and hybrid clouds bridge both together
Yes. Girl I was so scared. The lady kept telling me "I'm so sorry".
GO New York football Giants!!!!!!!
Hey Jayanti!!!! Are we experiencing MIA? When are you coming by to the office? We miss you!
Miami never sleeps
Thank you!
Van fixed and made it to Baltimore for tonite's show. Now its time to take some frustrations out on stage.
ya'll know that new jack white song is growing on me
"Booze Issue" is a great read. First Friday info has us excited for the new things to come thanks to and team!
...thought I could get you to be mine.
What's the news today? Breitbart still dead? Limbaugh still a joke? Romney still a curse on the GOP? Yes? Then I can go back to sleep.
Damn, this cold is making me way tired
Let's trade Pau and Bynum to get Dwight Howard.
Toddy tweets.
I couldn't even get all the way through ... 'would the Republicans have bitten on a ...?" NO!
Guess what folks? We still have about 8 spots left for the #24hr #Zine Challenge, happening this weekend!
Looking for a photographer who can work our step repeat banner at next weeks urban noise event / Brooklyn bowl! Let us know!
a chance lol! They have a CHANCE of bein blown out!! The #Packers feed off people thinkn they have a chance to win!! Its a long 1
Not sure what I did to make that checker at Kroger so upset but he was very angry.... Maybe he just hates caguama?
I can't believe this day is finally here!
Gr8 destinations in
“I want my relationship with my girlfriend to be built on trust, not toothpicks, rubber bands, and lentil beans.”
Shout out to all my new followers!!!!
About to kill some music shit!
Congratulations on the new gig. See you at !
Good bye Caballo Blanco. Happy trails are yours forever now.
Slammed right in front of our turn!! #surreal!!
i'm learning so much in this biz. how are you?
My cuzo Just Made My New Generation Top 5 list After he Drop Sum Fly ass tracks Fo me!
Lots of new interest & industry metrics to check out RT : Im really liking the "New & Improved" PeekYou analytics
email me!
#FF these friends are awesome.
fair enough :D I'll do my editing in FireFox for now. Thanks for the awesome tool!
Hey Bianca !:D
How many names you got on herre
I have a fetish for shoes :3
homophobe free son.
On this day two years ago, I woke straight up like Frankenstein at 6 am to go get my mom from a hotel so that we could hit the hair salon...
PAUL MARTIN CURRENTLY HAS MORE PLAYOFF GOALS THAN ANY CAPITALS PLAYER
Heard the dougie on the radio today and immediately thought of :):)
Aaliyah was my first actual fav singer... I still miss her
Saw wrath of the titans it wasnt that great
thanks a lot! As soon as my schedule opens up you, and all of will be my special guests.
Both Barrett and Conroy are interested.
Everyday should be Joust Day
Ah. Yeah can't be too careful.
You don't call them pants? All pants are trousers? I call dress pants trousers sometimes, but jeans can't be trousers, for me.
my cat puked in the hall and all over the kitchen, #howamisupossedtogetfood?
on our first Tweet :)?
Greg Oden RT I wonder what LeBron will look like when he's old.
I rather not
We just got an 18 year old intern. This is seriously going to cut down on the number of oral sex jokes I make in the office.
like forreal, i need therapy.
Follow! MT: believe we can reach 14,500 followers by Friday (tomorrow)? We can do it! #FollowFriday #adayearly RT!"
Heeheee maybe ....... heehee I had this BIG yummy cupcake! Too bad it wasnt Austin! ;D
Grr im going to sleep but I will tweet u laterz (by laterz I mean tmrrw) <3
Thanks for the follow, we'll tweet when you are back.
The issue w is simple. Culturally they have been trained 2 minimize the customer. How long past a delivery window is acceptable?
so que?
I wanna be real with you. But not too much so you'll still like me.
the polling place by my house is hopping this morning!
If he was alive today, he would be a Billionaire!! He sung with his heart and soul. You dont get that today!
Everytime we argue I fall more for you. Is that bad?
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Match sum....sumbody
Nice sign , I'm listening!
The key of C is driving me mad.
technically its parkville, but its really nottingham. yeah billy said neal moved. U guys still there?
Gotta love this job...
getting work done w/the crew
That dark day when seems like you´re making a deal with the devil, and suddenly you turn it around with just a phone call ;)
Yes, and I was trying to eat my lunch real fast and have time for a cig afterward. That explains it!! Haha
Are you a musician? Please contact if you'd like to play at the Coffee House this summer.
People mag cover story on J Lo doesn't mention her history of cheating on spouse. Would Tiger get same consideration?
Fade Out! Final Draft is done!
In love, you gotta act like a woman and think like a man
Thank u 4 following me back love :)
When snot dries out... They crust. lmao
Every “Truly Creative” Individual Has To Be Willing “To Lose Their Mind”
Happy mothers day 💗 I love you mom 💗
RT : L-U-N-A and me, the petit to the p cc
At Administrative Excellence Forum. Questions or comments for me?
When is Volkswagen going to produce the Jetta World Peace?
Don't settle for less if you know you deserve better.
What's happening 951
Excited to see for a little SoNo action tonight.
Guys need to make up their mind. You either like her or you don't. Geez.
Any good Spirituality books? I like asking for recommendations - don't be shy.
no..b/c that caretake album is amazing..while the remasters are neat ..but idk..i am kinda getting burnt out on K. Shields PR stuff
STOKED!!! <3 I move into my new house in 1 month...that means a new background for all my Candids :p hahahaha
Gonna be hard going back to school tomorrow
On my way to sing for the beautiful folks at the Nashville Rescue Mission..
Howdy, I'm home! Time to play some music.
i got hacked all the time
“: My graduation is Friday, & I'm too excited.!!!!” that's what up, congrats
i know i just started laughing
TGIF!! RT : Woohoo! It's the weekend...what are your plans #SanDiego? We're excited for some great golfing weather!
we need to have a puppy play date soon!!!
Final N stafford 58 Brooke Point 39
Smh.. Jus came back from vacation & now anotha off day.. I guess time 2 clean up.. Good Morning!
best feeling in the world: finding the pots after mom hid them on you.
heads up in sorrento valley. sorrento valley boulevard is closed. not sure why but I hear helicopters.
It was fantastic seeing you too! What a great festival and what a cute pic. I hope you and come to pdx soon.
Now on to the
RT ¡CONGRATS! to Adam Sandler - deserved that award and many more!
#squarespace im not giving up yet? and bring on the rain
I love the 4 x 100 it was my favorite I was either anchor or first leg
Safety class fucking sucks so boring and 5 hrs long
Craig A. Sonner, George Zimmerman's now-former legal adviser: "I know 100 percent what his phone number is."
Daily Muse: "Life is as Easy or as Hard as You Think it Is!" Jonathan Lockwood Huie
It was 2 hours long. Food was excellent! Convo was acceptable. Mostly stayed off academic topics. You can guess why.
HEADSHOT TIP: Don't kid yourself! Everyone has their shots retouched...it's about making a great shot even better!
The ache of loss is difficult to bear, and often the worst part is the fear that nothing exists behind the ache except a void.
Very welcome! One of my FB friends posted the cinematic version of that moment last year and it blew me away.
singing isn't a trick - it is a physical development of technical behavior to allow you to summon your talent at will!
U.S. private sector job gains beat expectations
Boomer needs a daddy.
great article from UK. Parenting is great equalizer. Your fans need 2c more 'don't give up' like this. Hit 'em straight!
NFL coaches make the assumption they can coach their side of the ball and look for the quality players on the other side.
Lloyd Sexy Af TO
#happyBirthday ! #oldman #dirtythirty. Barring a USPS miracle, your card will be late.
I'm starting to enjoy Gossip Girl more than I probably should.
Hi jensen
Hanging w/ my lil today!
I'm playing a show with his daughter tonight hahaha
Sounds like a delicious way to start the day!
you all mean something to me the women on twitter are the sweetest women there are in the world thank you
We are a teen webshow and we would like to know if you guys would like to be out official Entertainment correspondent?
The past couple of days have been awesome! Time to get up and do it all again :)
The #MegaMillions is only $390 million after taxes. That's just not enough for me.
thanks Jerry...let's grab coffee soon
If it were easy... Everyone would do it and everyone would have it!
I didn't understand that until just now. I'm lol in a public place!!! I love you!!
wish i could be there instead of slowely killing myself in the library
Fuck your best friend she just wanted your attention .
lolol I missed her today..she always leaves me alone now during lunch & 7 period.. -____- but yea tomorrows friday ^.^
What a Epic story for my Grandkids if I live see and met them! How Granny almost died taking a shower, and how nobody knew the # to 911
Didn't know this...kids can run the bases after Sunday games
RT : No America. No. Do better.
Donating blood at the Lynnwood Blood Center. I encourage everyone to participate in saving lives!
It took a few minutes , but Delta Airlines Customer Service came through for me! Thank you Celeece in Dallas!
2-4-1 EVERYTHING starts at 5 and goes to 9. We will help take the edge off of your Motorhead hangover. Shawn Page will be in at 9!
Ice cream is my life 🍦
thanks sweethearts.
spitting poems in public on a wireless mic w/a half second delay... so damn hard!
ya I did. I've made a come back to mw3, after not playing it for a while. My stats will never be as high as yours though lol.
Someone I worked with a zillion years ago. We lost touch a couple of years ago.
But women appreciate the effort...LOL
#swag Smoke With A Goblin
Aint talk to nobody really these last few days
thanks for the follow...we never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights....24/7
I want freedom for the full expression of my personality. Mahatma Gandhi (1869 - 1948)
So, I was up practically the whole night talking to a friend :D I went to sleep at 5a.m. XD so happy :) And we agreed to go out :D
If I tweet a lot, does that hint I have no life, if so, I do have a life hahaha I think!
Oh saturday... I love you so...
How about now?
Pretty sure I got stalked at the mall today
If only my house was warmer and stocked with a cellar full of Spanish wine....
lol yeah I am
All women have an hour glass figure - it's just that they all tote around different amounts of sand
Free whoppers! Go to afreething.com/yours to find out!
I thought u did watch that no more
crazy friday. Summer weather, what? Also, #BeastieBoys....man, sad news throwback.
OK sounds good!
I went for the Grouper 2-day ticket deal.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I just can't put it down.
my friends are already out
Anyone can suggest good movies?
I have some promo codes for my new #app ICANSIA: Chinese to American Accent. Message me if you want one. Just have a few!
totally understand! I've done it before too just to see.
Can someone give me some advice on Edmodo? I am signed up but am not sure what I do with the code for Flat Stanley
twitter makes my moods better
To raise a confident young woman, u must be a confident grown woman. See previous tweet.
Almost 100 followers. I appreciate all of you. Seriously. <3
you should. I did it... you reach a larger audience!
Knowing the clientele @ my job,they'll probably buy organic easter eggs for their kids to dye & hide stuffed w/ gold bonds#luckybastards 😔
“: The future's so bright, I've gotta wear shades.” beautiful!
football & workout
I love stylish men & women..esp any 50's vintage vibe!
CAN'T MAKE IT TO HUSTLIN' STEAKS OR JUST, DO NOT WANT TO LEAVE YOUR HOUSE? HU$TLIN' STEAKS NOW DELIVERS CALL 215-877-1906
you're drunk tweeting! LOL
Write ABC and your Congressmen and tell them: it's NOT too late to bring back "Cavemen"
If you need help in a spanish speaking area simply use this handy spanish phrase for help me: areyouda maid.
Yes it is. Knowing us we may get through half of that information.
Thanks boo!!!
First off, let me say I'm drunk off of shitty wine.
#FF #FreshHell: Please whatever powers may be- let the new episode be ready to watch today.
me too, I use to watch American Idol but never voted, This was my first
“: I ain't as good as I'm gonna get, but I'm better than I used to be. -Tim McGraw / Sammy Kershaw”
": It's 10:23 a.m. and I already need a drink. #greatstarttotheday" so have one
In other words, it should be 'win/win' or 'no play'!! :-)
Leadership - A ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward.
Anticipation for the Badgers' home opener is overwhelming right now. Can't wait!
Damn You Blacks!
FB and Twitter fans, check our coupon tab for your discount. Follow us on Twitter Thank you!
watch him kick ya asses when NFL season starts back up
I swear I think I am "Lara Croft" these days. She is my idol. I aim to be her. lmao!
A very special "Thank You!" to our players' parents. What a wonderful way to end the night. Had a great time visiting!
I agree! RT : Lindzi already has my "best hair" vote! ;) I like her horse too!
So so so so excited POOKS!!!!!!!
hey follow me
Build your child's self-esteem~reserve your beliefs & opinions & encourage your children to form their own based on what they experience.
Follow and just because I said so. Now click follow and go enjoy the sun!
Soul glo :-) coming to America
How well can one demonstrate their views and do we agree with them? need good presentation from candidates
Missed going to #galas . Anyone going here tonight- #SchiapperelliandPrada ://www.metmuseum.org/impossibleconversations/
Excuse my french, but that call was bullsh!t.
lol love the eurozone “: Nein!! RT : GERMAN CHANCELLOR MERKEL: Reiterates rejection of deficit-fueled growth.”
Rise an grind ma nigg! Lets get dis $$$$$ baby!!!
you shaved your head for your mom... who is saying shit?! Ill freak the fuck out!!!
#Caps DH32 on Orlov “We thought that he was a little bit younger and we went with more defensive defensemen.”
In the bar at Copley Marriott with Having a beer while waiting for the room to be ready.
Today: The day of everchanging plans. Good thing I'm flexible & each version is 1 I'd schedule anyway. Maybe I'm jumping between universes.
Aaliyah's death really impacted me. To this day I feel a sadness that I can't explain. And I don't know why.
Facebook is for stalking, Twitter is for ranting/harassing celebs, and Instagram is just way too hip... #WheredMyspaceGo? Lawlz
Got it and please don't forget to follow us back and help us tell DC what you #Decide2B! lch.bz/iDecide2B.
fyi -- the library is finally getting set to purchase the Journal of Communication backfile. All issues from 1951-1997!
great to hear #GetSchooled is working with you guys on the new film, look forward to it!
Check Engine Light? No Problem. At Express Lube we'll scan your vehicle for FREE. Visit www.ExpressLube.com to find a location near you.
Rhianna's S&M: the word sex is censored. Really? The whole song is about sado-masochism and the word sex is what you find objectionable?
how come all the other UNICORNS R DEAD
and you are both such joiners! How about college?
My brothers are being stupid and also his friend Cole because there turning up the music in the house and my mom is going to come home
We're almost done!
i love love love 's new song. i can't stop listening to it :)
I got my permit! :D
