Oh, $herdog (). Just read your post about Eminem and MTV over lunch at work. I could NOT stop giggling. :)
Thank you! I will revise. “: just FYI- street parking is still metered until 6pm on Saturdays. only Sundays are free!”
hawaii withdrawals. :(
I can't tweet song lyrics about love bc when I was in love it wasn't what I though it was
I think self-assessment and peer-assessment have to play integral roles.
used to be, games have been letting me down lately. Witcher 2, Fallout, Hunted. I'm going retro til something good comes out
Next week wed, thur, or friday is best!
At Penn State about to perform..
hold mah poodle! Hold mah poodle!
for my birthday this year am going all out
y r u there
pray for the UK government to wake up. Ppl don't riot for fun.
Lol u a mess
Come hang at Capital Grille - here until 7p. Grab a $50 #Trappers gift card while supplies last.
If need is 4 small farm w/ no permanent crops call Ca Farmlink, they know some area CPAs with expertise in direct-market farms.
Murray - web scale enables others to develop innovative applications
Still looking for WMDs, where are they? More, mistakes or more lies?
Happy Valentines Day #LeadershipChat I'll be in and out (Finishing dinner) Sending chocolate martini's for everyone
Games aren't won in the first 3 minutes...Y'all need to chill. Miami will make their run.
"So what are you doing in a hotel?" SXSWi goer to me after I say I'm local. Um...."Writing?"
thanks. Hugs are nice.
So tonight I'll fuck you like were in Houston taking it so slow so slow
Play ball! The Brewers and Moose Haas take on the Twins and Roger Erickson in Minnesota.
Your tweet had me in stitches...
It's fantastico! (is that a word?)
“: S/O to my new follower Follow Her!”Thanks
This is a very awkward conversation.
Damn sydnie shut up
the 39 steps
Yes!! Wanna hit up a game soon?
Wish I could watch #Community live, but at least I get to drag out the anticipation until tomorrow morning. Someday I'll have a TV again!
it all good
Contest is closed! Winners for the haiku contest have been DM'ed. Thx all who connected with their poetic side :)
I hate, when people, put comas in the wrong, places. ^
Beauty school dropout!!! Haha
My Maker And My King: This song shows that we love the old hymns of Anne Steel, as well as ZZ Top-inspired guitar licks.
I've always wanted to cuddle with you, and you're the sweet one for saying I'm the sweet one
something crazy!!!! :p idk yet I'll call you when I'm in Vevay to get you!
Nothing says Easter like a sermon featuring Martina McBride and Green Mile...
Kumarakom Houseboat - Must Enjoy Journey Once in a Lifetime ...
Have we talked about how much I love aggressive base running? Because I do.
the 28th :D
anything good?
Yes! you should :)
“Too many children in foster care are falling through cracks. . . . Be a hero -- take the time learn about adoption today.”
Sec tournament tickets for sale. Amazing seats for Thursday.
amazing performance tonight! I'm a fan now!
S/O to street team specialist....haha do your thang bro
I do. I've been getting up at 4:30 to work on my personal to-do list, including writing. I hope proctoring goes well today!
just because and I end our nights at doesn't mean we need to start there... Trying to diversify our portfolio!
I believe if life gives you lemons make lemonadethen find someone that life gave vodka to and have a party - Ron White
So who wants to start a band? I call lead singer.
Hey everyone tweetin from my iPod
hahha he kills boars i thought he was losin it at first well see... I might not leave my room for a week an watch it thru
Congrats to all the #oscar winners.
u gne make it G!:)
Where would you like to see the Patrick's Sunscreen booth?
once i'm home and out the shower babe c:
The game really opened up some eyes, and led to excellent discussion regarding choices, decisions, and consequences.
By any chance do you remember Lee Broshears? He was a great friend of mine and lived in Half Moon Bay.
There is nothing so annoying as to have two people talking when you're busy interrupting.
Sack Porter hahahah
Ok, show's over, back to work.
Crap. Not only did I just buy it to read for school. I accidentally bought two copies and was gonna gift one.
What would be the incentive prizes? I was thinking like, I'd write people a song or clean their bathroom... draw a caricature
My weakness....lip gloss. Not shoes. Not handbags. Lip gloss. Can't stop buying it. It's like my kryptonite!
Thank you! :-) Back at ya! XI
I just need something simple and plane
I'm so bored.
niqqa u were dick lead. I saw you in chipotle fuu
I seriously just want to scream til I cant breathe.
…Now to move Jenkins CI and other goodies from the Mac Mini over to Hackintosh so I can colocate the Mini as a web/email/etc server.
Snatch is on! word
haii,follow back?.:'D
In Sacramento looking over new screenshots
Fire in Poway, visible over hill from Glen Circle
A Thin Potato Griddlecake Stuffed with Braised Turkey Leg Meat, Auld Cheddar and Arugula, Topped with Fried Egg and Chive Caper Cream Sauce.
cannot wait to see you in #Asheville in November!
Christmas is right around the corner! You still have the time to get that perfect gift.Illuminated windshields. www.darksideshields.com
just phoned Barnes & Noble Book 'Women Pray Men Prey' wasn't available for purchase No Listing. Do u know when?
no drunken therapy sessions with a cab driver tonight?
Boyfriend...<3 Yes!
Thanks for joining us for an arts-filled wknd at AU w/ #Jazz, #EALS12 , #Dance & Symphonic Band! We'd love to hear what you think!
: hahaha what time u going to sleep?
“: I'm only thinkin about girls and gettin 2 dollar beers ;)” <-- Thanks for the plug! Glad you dig the tunes!
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
Andrew Luck is 15/15 on the 5 Stanford Drives. Yeah, he is the #1 pick.
Starvin like Marvin!
no sir, I am fully aware of the threats we face. They are unfortunately not going away with voters like u amongst the electorate.
lol y u ask that?
See you tonight at the #sactweetup ! 6pm
the EK is the same color as the money I'm trying to make
Ahimsa is a feeling of non-injury. If you consciously inflict hurt on anybody, that is not being wise.
They should name the #HR profession the fatigue profession. Aren't we always tired my dear #humanresources and #recruiting professionals?
Alarm clock making you fat? What researchers found coming up!
is my wifey:)
Can‘t reply your text D; it always be “unsuccessful delivery” -_-
Our pleasure!
I mean NOTHING 2 ANYONE
No, I will not wait until after the holiday. We will get the work done today!!!
Whoa is blowin' up my timeline!!!... I love it!!
Last night I was fucked up
loved the podcast this week!
if you see someone smoking marijuana today, do a citizens arrest IMMEDIATELY. (also carry a gun because addicts are dangerous/violent.)
RT RT : . Illegal aliens have no Constitutional rights. Those are reserved for US citizens.
it was during class! People won't stop talking! Hahahaha
A triangle that hipsters, and gang banger homies made famous. RT : Can someone explain to me what The Illuminati is?
Simon Cowell Prefers Black Toilet Paper, Is That Weird? Simon Cowell might seem to hog the attention at times on X Factor , but away from
lol this week is a good week. Doing minimal work while those other jokers take EOCS. Good times :-D
Again, that word- interdisciplinary. Must be the theme of this symposium!
On videoegg.com for the 1st time. Like the layout of the site.
Pacsun is closing down.. These truly are, bad times.
Aziz Ansari at Paramount Theatre in Denver,CO July 21st! That's what's up!
Unending exhaustion. Why am I so tired?
everything in your bio sounds good except buckeyes ;-) GO Wolverines GO Blue
Where's my ice scraper? Am I going to need it again?
Step 4: Establish rules of relationship: Make sure you're speaking the same language & consider external variables
You spend 5 minutes, # Fallen Heroes Fund gains $1,000. See the blog - boyercom.com
I'm pretty great as well :)
the sneaker game is all based around hype. Demand for products is what drives the market.
That wouldn't be too bad...
Hurry up, weekend. :)
Merry Christmas Eve! Everyone have a wonderful and safe Holiday!
Why can't i get a THANK YOU for the gift i gave to you ):
I like those and Honestly
has new clearance items in our Accessories and Men's departments. #newarrivals cashmere sweaters for women and men
Off to the Sumner County jail for a couple of visits .
the lovely runs the world & can tell you are the BEST EVER!
glad we inspired you. Please proceed with caution... Lol
Many thanks for mentioning our little show!
Serious gaming: Have students develop a game for deep learning of a topic.
ALERT: verdict? RT : USC Student competing on XFactor. She'd better not suck.
I'm probably late but #SoListen music video is coming the 2nd week of May ;D so excited (;
This "Speaking Out" w/ Floyd Mayweather on is so pro-floyd it's ridiculous.
text me your number
Last day at National Association of Broadcasters conference in LV - great show - great scott lots of walking!
near Turner Field
Howdy! Welcome home (-away-from-home)!
is looking for 3 degree qualified #Junior #Network #Engineers for an exciting company in Seattle.
Great seieing you, too! Congrats for your wins as well. Everyone misses you but good luck with your new job.
Of course :)
this weekend!
Big THANK YOU to all the amazing women who contributed to our summer issue and helped out with the assembly! We couldn't do it w/out you!
": i will never call a guy " daddy " lol that ish sounds weird and awkward"
RT : RT : Ain't No Telling How This Story Might Play Out, Hopefully It's A Good Ending...
TicketsGenie.com was voted best place to buy concert tickets in Los Angeles CA
we love you so much <3 GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED
Thanks Nancy! You enjoy your day as well lady!
haha jason's favorite subject
can't wait for Friday! and I will be there!
Who wants to make 500 to 1,000 dollars a week from home without selling anything? Hit me up
My new favorite super hero: Snackman from NYC.
Hangin out in my new bedroom thinking bout the endless possibilities for decorating :p
Giant tasty burgers, huge nachos, great fries and a fun atmosphere. Let me know when you're going, maybe we can meet up.
Aww, thanks! It really was a wonderful surprise. :) Another time!
Wow my dad is such a jerk! I just want to run away and cry right now.
Less go Miami Team HEAT!!!
Anyone else intimidated by networking events hosted by institutions that you have no former connection?
I'm here to distinguish, the bears from the penguins.
I posted an internship for $125 and did not receive a receipt. I also contacted you via email and no response. Please advise:)
sending out press release for Golf tournament on April 23rd in Nashville can we include your name?
Thank you for following us :-).
What's more Bollywood than dancing in the Swiss Alps? Dancing on a boat comes pretty close!...guess what doing!...
"corporate America has destroyed love." "again."
yeah glad I decided not to go down that road.
If you haven't heard that new grab your significant other and blast this at the highest level
Dear Lady Gaga, please stop calling my name again and again. I'm not deaf. Sincerely Alejandro.
😘😘! Im coming to Savannah tomorrow!
lots of subtweeting tonight on twitter
strange I dreamt that was Lost monster
Haha you know it:)
I ride Tierra Santa area often at lucy its right across the 15 from the teams training facility.
My dog is so cute :)
Jazz on Mic is holding audtions for the next hot jazz sensation 10/2011. send youtube link(auditioning) to
PLEASE FOLLOW MEW
What's up, guys? Indoor recess... Lol! Can't wait for eighth grade to be over!
Watching #fanjam on VH1 and it is a great show! Congratulations to all involved. Makes me proud to be part of the NFL.
“: I managed 2 pull something positive out of 2day. I have been working very hard on swim & had a PB” Congrats! 
Absolutely. I think we should start a "No-Digi-Day" challenge to get people off everything electronic a least once a month!
its #TeamNoSleep tonight, i don't even want to., i hate girls man, nothing but ducking trouble, ughh ! I'm finna be gay.
oh no. :( that's the worst, I hope yuo feel better
He's choosing the American dream.
Eh can't sleep....
RT John jones? RT If you take Andre Miller's hair and give it to Sam Cassell, what do you get?
Cisco transform from escalation to collaboration through #swarming via
I do
go to that and do you are where it says "direct messaging"?
Young Sinatra...anyone?
Photographers - I need a smallish messenger-style camera bag to hold d-slr + one extra lens. Any recs?
thanks ma'am! Xoxo
CRAP ON A CRACKER !!!!!!!!! I MISSED MURPH! #busyseason sniff RT : Daniel Murphy is on now! Tune in!
If you lie very still in bed in a hooded sweatshirt under all the covers, all your sad feelings get pulled into the threads of the sheets.
what was that YouTube video you referenced in the beginning of the overdose today? Sounds hilarious.
Karen, same here. I would be one giant sad face for a yr if I didn't buy books. I could do it, but man it would suck
The mainstream Western view until ~1850 was that you should save love for your mistress.
||Ukraine||home, sweet home..
he flopped like crazy
My first work out in 3 days and I'm getting my ass kicked
Anxiety getting the best of me again
True! He's a problem, a big one. But our lack of offense & leaving men on base when our offense is "on" are big problems too.
The pain never goes away. It just lingers in the air above you and when the time you don't want it around it comes back and tortures you...
What trampoline trick gives you that flying, floating feeling you crave so much?
no matter what next social network is coming along we will be ready for it at
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;)
wished like hell i could be there. twugs
Pft. Even better. I make vacations fun.
I'm doing good ! Bouta finish school. How's school for you?
an audition today, and two tomorrow... I'm liking the start of this week.
Nah... Even if D-Rose isn't playing it will take CHI 6games at most. Crunchtime C will hold it down
so it's been one year since i ran my last 1/2 marathon. i need to get back on the treadmill. literally.
New category: People who read your twitter because they like reading your twitter and in doing so learn there are naked pictures
btw One Moment was legit man. very unique. i can't think of another band/artist with yalls sound. pumped for the new tracks!
so our votes don't count. THATS COOL TOO. WATCH THE WINNER BE LIKE FANNY PAK OR SOME SHIT
I have more videos but they're taking forever to upload.... *sigh*
'I resisted the computer as long as I could.' -Chip Kidd. {today's event at Discover World}
Knicks first game of a 4 game winning streak
Unethical behavior can happen anywhere. The env won't stop that. But in a #ROWE, it comes to light more quickly.
Strength is necessary! Stay above those negative influences in ya life.
Logical? Absurd is more like it. Name 1 example of such 'free society'.
yeah i havent talked to you in a long time
Looks impressive. Are students required to participate in this?
's actually kind of nice to go through & fill in answers with my husband especially now that baby looks like a little boy!
Good god, three OTs.
Ended regular season with a 45-17 record for #Brewers games I attended. Great summer w/ trips to StL, Min, Pit and ChC. Ready for Playoffs!
The research team Masters and Johnson documented 1 case of a woman who had a 43 second long orgasm.
captivity to travel? Or travel to captivity?
drugs suicide dropping out of high school running away etc etc etc
- we used to get the same attitude at MBS. And free wi-fi.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.ETSY.com Visit my #ETSY shop for a #sale on #Mexican #Talavera #earrings!
lmao im puerto rican so I'm going!!!! An to see them I was just telling my Mother I'm going!!!
I'm so glad I'm not with all those crazy loud asians
Efficacy of “Mini IVF” Under Question, New Study at Center for Human Reproduction Reveals
that was not funny... Lol JK it really was
Awesome. Congrats RT : GeekWire is pleased to welcome Facebook as a sponsor. See post on geekwire.com
Malcolm *definitely* deserves supreme recognition. But I think you have to ask what a holiday symbolizes.
Sarcasm. Hello my long lost friend! I'm good. Things have been hectic. Getting married! How are u?
hi your account DMd me a spam link; you might want to check your login security & linked apps.
. Thank you for the follow!
“: I can't overstate the importance of Phil Hughes this year. If he is back to form, that's big.” don't hold your breath.
If Rob was 51 like Petrino not only would I not fire you Rob. I'd give you a high-five
Good advice! RT : If God can take a day off, so can you.
"I can't wait for the day that I see (insert name here) on the side of the road begging for money" "I'll throw my drink at him" my mom omg
I don't know why I'm always surprised by people who aren't artists who do shit like that.
Kreg advocates receiving more care at home. It seems that there are some serious economic boundaries to that.
is appearing , Th, Fri, Sat! He's joining us live at 945. If you have any questions for him, let us know now.
I love you! :) can I get one back? Please?
i need a new phone. like an iphone or an evo or just something better and more legit than my lame blackberry
Can you hear me now... There's no light, there's no sound... Can you hear me?
Thanks for broadcasting my presentation on "Founding Rivals!"
IIt's a reference to Mommy Dearest - a movie about Joan Crawford -who was horribly abusive and went bat shit over wire hangers.
Alex Hanna masterclass this afternoon!
allyson! did you do your science homework?!
Tomorrow is my last day of school before Spring Break!! Finishing my portfolio for English tonight and Journalism stuff! Blah! Hahah
I need MEAT!
Stop by our FB page and see the latest in our Bikes for Kids winners. This week's child is an inspiration & example for all!
It was Mr. Hanky, the Christmas poo! :)
Very interested in opinions on stylus for iPad. Weigh in!
my boss went into labor... and didnt approve me taking tomorrow off? idk what to do
God IS and WAS and WILL ALWAYS be!
Yeah that ones a eh?!?
If we all report it to twitter, and ask twitter to change his email to his first setup email, he might get access again
Oops! WE thought you went yesterday :) The buger is amazing. And definitely try the Apt 137 cocktail!!
Life is very interesting... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths. - Drew Barrymore
I sure do love you too!
- Greater freedom with greater accountability. Rigorous reforms rewarded with flexibility to achieve results.
aww, you're so sweet, I should send you my breakfast burrito recipe you would love it.
Going too sleep late everynight , and regreting it every morning <<<
I hope that noise is the fates aligning and not the wall caving in.
Happy Birthday!!! (:
Any tw wishes or thoughts dreams ex. you've had tw related dm us and while tweet it anonymously automatically=)
Excellent! We're closed and redesigning all of our exhibits to include much of the same.
Setting the for so I remember to recycle my wine bottles.
Heading to Hollywood DI to look at the final mix and color for Two Shadows. Wow, now onto the next phase of festivals and distribution
Why'd you hand over the Google Reader update to Facebook, ? I thought only they could botch up a redesign so badly.
YAY!!!! That would be awesome :)
We are #wiunion and we will watch the Spirit of Democracy tomorrow; Like David-dancing-in-the-street, Praising! Money can't buy you Love.
I love it, Frank! It sounds like a great book regardless of any nearby bodies of water. I'll read it!
i never though i had to say this cuz its hard to say well i guess Goodbye... :'(
Hey Jeff, for which event are you looking for speakers?
I really like your logo!
“It is in the company of Jesus that you work for the glory of God.”
awhhh im bored now :(
Rep. Markey arguing for an LNG export ban on the House floor: "Oil and natural gas are not lobsters. They are not toothbrushes."
I really don't understand how people can hate on Adele, like wat the fuck man?
I miss that show called Awkward.lol
Nick Johnson for MVP!!!!
Awesome show tonight! You guys still have it!
Breaking: Qdoba now has Whole Wheat tortillas! :)
Black movie of the Day "Remember the Titans" I love that movie!
this is true!
"I have a Dream..." to give you Buy One Get Free Deluxe Box Lunches all day today!
now following... New feed here and my brother told me to follow.. Great info on here.. Hope enjoy the information I will tweet
-well show it to me, but I doubt it-LOL
lol have a good one bro. Txt me if ya want 1.916.753.5586 :D
Good morning #ABQ - Make it a wonderful Wednesday!
it's an obvious choice. Plus, we're just connected like that.
I see u mane handle dat.. Gotta ketchup when ur back this way!
MT : From summer camp with BU in 07 to graduation on May 20th, has been one of the greatest parts of my life.
Good Luck
Just promise me you'll think of me everytime you look up in the sky and see a star.
From the wild things in this office, RIP Maurice Sendak
we smoke all the time Jamil.stop lying
LOL Loudly RT : And here's First Lady Ann Romney now! | MT What will your last tweet ever be?
o. i forgot u uh OKC FAN tHought u was a laker fan
Although online sales R over, it ain't too late 2 buy tickets at the door. SPJST Lodge #88 1435 Beall Street Houston, TX 77008 C U after 8.
How are you fighting to dismantle institutional racism?
loving this morning,living this morning, live is good this morning thanking the man above for these many blessings
From a founding father. "Those who sacrifies freedom for security deserved neither." B. Frankin
Have no fear, #Brewers baseball is here. And soon you'll have me to admire standing outside of Miller Park.
My pillow is calling my name...good night. Sweet dreams!
well I hope it gets unawkward soon and I did have a few "beverages" at the club but I think b/c of my meds I take on top of
Lily's at a sleepover, so dinner out, long walk; gee, it's too quiet around here.
omgosssh you look like a cute lil kid ;3 dont take it the wrong waay .
You seem a little concerned about the integrity of this new premature jobs data.
Stop Tantrums forever! 5 Keys Unlock Better Behavior LIVE TALK 5/10 DESERT SPRINGS CA Coachella Autism Society 6p
HAPPY HALF BIRTHDAY <(^-^)>
So I'm flipping though the Winter 2004 #SuedeMag w/Eve on the cover and guess who I see in the contributors S/O...Mr.
Having nothing to do at work is so boring
Did you love every bite ?
Perfect your skills in the marketing strategies you use so they are effective
I freakin' love
Alex & his girl swear they can fight.
lol u welcome, i go sometimes wen i feel like it dats how i kno
And and
Thanks for the support!
HESG a stock which had literally no volume for months has been trading large number the last few days ...???? super sub penny ..?
Headed out shortly to Rock Bottom to connect with and Dan Sundgren. Then to meet up with
Going to Virginia and Tennessee for a whole week leaving tomorrow :) i hope this is fun
I could be watching #OLTL right now if it wasn't cancelled. #Stab at ABC and Soap Network
Sweet Tootsies! Congrats !
Thank you! and returning a HUGE SHOUT OUT to
Hey Ron Artest! World Peace my ass.
Harry better not go search 'Harrys shit' ... He was perfect. Ok.
Out here at Alabama State spring game, fuck wit me
S/O sunday. Who wants one?(:
hehehe. Funny funny. I like this.
Type into the search box on Twitter and be amused
#QRReaders Any ideas for a free one for Mac laptop?
Anyone watch my vid? :)
Wait, is in me? At last, someone almost as angry as I am (at least about crazy people like Paula Deen).
I loved seeing you too, sisssserr!! 😘😁
An "official" hashtag hasn't been developed to my knowledge. But #SNCA12 is what I'm going with!
very much agreed! Is az gunna beg like a dog??
1.8 K THANKS EVERYONE. I LOVE YOU ALL<3 IM HERE FOR ANYONE IF THEY NEED SOMEONE TO TALK TO<333
Follow me please ChaChi I love you! I think you're really pretty wish I could see you in person :) your the best I love you
Can't believe the Mariners swept the Orioles! This could be the year!
that staircase has claimed many victims.
Starting a "simple" e-jounral not as easy as it might seem.
what are you getting?
Love you sexi batches xo
It's Friday! That means opening of #largerthanlifeexhibit! Thanks to InteriorArchitectureStudents for designing & installing!
haha must be the first day for icore case
massive house cleaning!
Any suggestions for cool tshirt companies that print their designs on American Apparel deep V tees?
RT : WHERE ARE YOU AT THESE DAYS PRESTON *>*Hanging in there...
All the cool kids will be at the LSP tomorrow. Gathering Waters Fest.
loll, he sounds so delish. Unnnf
I seem to remember one in SLU. Can't remember what street but I believe it ran North/South.
RT Just off the top of my head: squirrel- Either u hate me or hate CC.
Will do. Thanks for the suggestion!
" Ha! RT : Newtons Law of Blowjobs: "Boners go up, bitches go down." - Remember, obey the law lol.
uh oh she knows scott run
ta caliente ;P
2nd code word... "Pumpkins", already had over 1000 entrys.. woahhh.. email code and your info to enter
RT : OUR NEWEST VIDEO! This is compiled with footage from it out and leave some love!!!...
We are now!
NO I wish but its ok Yo get me a BF for my bday
You cant let fear keep you from caring about someone.
Q, sounds like things are going well. Lets find sometime today to catch up for a few.
#Caps coverage: with highlights with fans Jill Sorenson reports live from NY. News4 at 11
tell her I'm ready to see her also!!! lol
#atsummit says we have a 21st Century vision with a 20th century funding model.
"A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walk out."
Mine is Jaws, but Oddjob is a close second.
um what are your tour dates?? LOL Hope to see you back in NY soon :-)
Bouta eat good (((:
Ive never registered for a handicap in golf. Heck Ive never even had a lesson, but thanks to the WSGA () I'll have a handicap 2morow
why does I matter if I just followed you. you only have like 300 anyways 😏
is watching Top Model and drinking a glass of wine :-)
Longer than that! Come for as long as you want whenever you want!
I think it's creepy how ppl follow so many other ppl on instagram yet they have zero pics
Was going to have more of a discussion about Du Bois. Maybe I can incorporate the two. hm.
How do you leverage engagement to drive bottom line metrics? Were going to find out!
RAW = Lightroom = AWESOME!
oh no , i will not survive lmbooo
#nlw6words Libraries house the adventures to come.
Thank you Robert Jan van Pelt for three outstanding presentations. Book launch was great. We recommend "At The Edge of the Abyss. "
I went in on these TTs today ._.
ugh...some stupid questions and answers i dont wanna hear.
you should check out helpful info for freelancers :)
I love how Elis Regina sounds like she's about to lose it in "Águas de Março". Every time I listen, that's the moment I'm anticipating.
hello love <3
Today is the most occuard Saturday I've ever had no lie smh lol
I love Mr Money Mayhem team Floyd all day
Downloading it NOW!!!! Kisses
Ah! I am just so so proud of you :)
Yes, I do enjoy unfollowing people hell bent on educating us on social media, and other popular MarCom practices.
Looks like at Sat's Ty Segall show, had to deal w/ beer in her shoes and had to deal w/ commenters. A draw?
that IS odd!
Thanks for following What can I say it mega expensive to live in CLE so get your coupons with these guys and save some $!
i'm not even stupid! that's what pisses me off the most. :p
To all of yall... Im sorry
#turnmyswagon is awesome!!!
Aw :( And I'm going to be home in PA next week! Let me know when you head back East!
Eyes are getting heavy. Time to head to bed. About to let Marsha Ambrosius take me awaaaayyyy :-)
had rocking night in austin for nye. happy 2011 people
wow, just got really overwhelmed
RT : cant trust these mofos >>> man who you telling
You're here for a very brief time. The purpose is to enjoy it. That and a minor thing called enlightenment :)
so rude 😭
When?Missed it at GDC.
-I'm an EarlyReturns member having very bad experience- if you can DM me to discuss w/in 8 hrs, you'll avoid a pending rant
haha damn. Only on there about 5 times!
Just bought George Harrison's "Early Takes Vol 1" from Amazon for $5! This, right here, is good stuff.
Followers are for tyrants. Like the GOP. I tell it like it is. You are a piece of shit. FUCK YOU!
Good to see and join the party! We sure do it good and we do it all night! #beerpong #twitterbinge 13/24
13 hours of sleep.
Oh, Tedicles! I want to hear. Also, I have mine doing interviews. What are you using to do the 'stitching' in terms of software?
Fantastic location 4
EEK :D
First in line for the screening of Dark Shadows!
Probably Dexter or The Walking Dead
I keep pacing around the floor making shit awkward for couples and shit.
On my way to Anthology I stumbled upon Crossfire Invictus. I feel out of shape just watching these peeps. Bah!
"Reality is for people who can't handle drugs."
its really sad to when i come home and isnt following me|:
amazed sometimes with how long editing video can take...
Jim Collins: the X-Factor in gr8 #Leadership is *not* a charismatic personality.
S/o to Good to work with you a few months ago w/ Let's collab soon.
I never thought I'd need you there when I cry..
just so you know, , Madame Monochrome became my summer soundtrack. fuck it, its now the soundtrack to my LIFE.
is dis ashley from ny
“: can visit my southern thing” this was uncalled for... but original..
Mall with bestfriend and boyfriend.
BEST GYROS IN MILWAUKEE
Thanks! Been looking for an excuse to live on Cashews and Beer, since I'm always hungry. Awesome! (Starting now.)
"Help me I'm poor"
good luck
Extra Extra
(2:50) Scattered showers after 4 with a chance for isolated T'storms. Overnight low: 46°.
"every deed counts...every word is power...above all...build your life as if it were a work of art." Reb. A. Heschel
no one really .. like my class only has like 5 people
ive never seen u have north there wth ! Shout out to my vikings!!!!!
Calling me annoying then laughing...Yeah don't worry I'll leave you alone now.
LOL.... He is indeed! Too funny.
Ahah naturally you'd love it. Have a great weekend and hope you get a chance to stop by :)
That awkward silence in the car after a fight.
Food Truck Wars Mar 31 MiCasita, Kona Dog, Kinfolks, Philly Grill, Cafe Rouge, Joji Yogurt, Burger Culture, Fat Tortilla, Maggie on the Move
#primal saturdays be looking like the united nations - they ve got girls from all over the globe coming through
actually 3 away. Hit one last night.
please fwd to followers:post tidings of comfort & joy to #holidayhash, and you could have $100 donated to a charity of choice.
Fact: A typical community forest of 10,000 trees will retain approximately 10 million gallons of rainwater per year
I had hard day.
cryptology maybe only as solid of a theory as quantum mechanics, there needs to be a better way to secure digital data
Today is one of those days when you look at the clock and say -- good grief. It's already 4:30??
Good Night
I'm obsessed with this one bachata song dude^.<3
I HATE soda especially coke
Hello hello hello.
Me and should go out!:) were perfect for eachother
Oh, and I plan to. (Also, bonus cool points for being a guy who just admitted to having read/watched Anne of Green Gables.)
at least I know there are more california mahomies haha
So if today is the first day of the rest of my life, does that mean I don't have to pay last month's bills?
“: are you going to too?!?!?” ... Everyone is starting to talk about the swag-apalooza. Join us.
An erection is like the Theory of Relativity - the more you think about it, the harder it gets.
I love this song ;)
HARD BOILED WONDERLAND AND THE END OF THE WORLD by Haruki Murakami
anyone hiring? i need a job...
I'm an Ohio ex-pat now in Johnson City, so we gots to kick #Michigan's ass!
A fan of Demi Lovato know Demi Lovato but lovatics know who loves to fall in Brazil.
Graduation day at the Baird&Warner Career Institute! :)
Discounts on top of discounts! For just $12, you will get $850 worth of Golf coupons from Let's Golf Wisconsin - only on www.crowdclick.com!
I Ligit haven't left my bed since 9am yesterday
Great hanging out with you on the #BALLE2012 Farm to Fork tour!
The Show Goes On!. <3
Hey Influensters, Tell us about your favorite #beautyvoxbox products! we want to see your feedback, videos, blogs!
you promised to hang out and eat sno cones all day. so this summer, I shall wait patiently
If you want some entertainment, click on this #AllStarWeekend hashtag and read the intelligent comments
Thank you for the follow. All the best Cheryl Frampton.
I wish I had an ocean close.... just have freezing rain all over!
No more 3s
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful God gifted mothers out there!!!! We appreciate your dedication and love! God bless you <3
Who looks better? Beyonce or Kim K
Chicago Man Rescuing Yale Business Ranking Prompts Anxiety - Businessweek Snyder, who led Chicago’s Booth School of Business for a decade
It's nice to be in love... Gotta remember to cool down lol
LET'S GO DUKE!!!
Wait til you turn 30 and then 40. You'll appreciate my humor then.
Just agreed to try Bikram yoga with and I'm sweaty just thinking about it.
Can't believe I'm up this early on a Saturday. Omg
+1! Like the new logo, too!
Very inspirational to see all of the Body By Vi Promoters having success in Charlotte - jump on board and get in now!
Your welcome buddy! haha RT : Might pick up a new Friday night in LA - stay tuned!
Soliloquy looks awesome and would love to be involved in beta testing.
Don’t drink and drive. We’ll bring our pies to you!
Tomorrow, a corporate show in Salt Lake CIty.
We cover a variety of items: Religion, Psychopathy, Politics, Ancient History, Philosophy, The Human Mind, and much, much more. Read & learn
Russ Smith thinks Austin Rivers shoots too much.RT : Kobe thinks Austin Rivers shoots to much
Is is more impt to protect against outirght fraud like this, or lazy reporting (view-from-nowhere, PR as news, etc)?
Phase delta 1 is a go, but every thing else is rescheduled
ikr and I'm trying
Maybe she's a prosty?
Happy Monday Tw'eeps! Hope you had a fun theatre filled weekend!
yep haha I was there twice bc I forgot my retainer
Loving living my life on my own terms!!
don't even watch it...
Happy Halloween!! We should have a Pros and Cons treat for you very soon - within the next 2 weeks!!
“: I love how I can just pretend being fine and everyone believes it even when I'm not.” then say you're not.
oh I figured that was the case..
Thanks so much for coming! :)
Thank goodness! Can you start with some brain/smartness transfers?!
Thanks for not being afraid to share your perspective!
SPJ Summer Fiesta - TONIGHT! All journos & friends welcome! 6-9 pm, Alamo, 2502 San Diego Ave, Old Town. Free food, big fun!
party party party (;
hadiyah, caleb? is that u lol
RT : BREAKING: Somebody actually swung and missed at a K-Rod changeup.
mumma thanks for loving me enough that you payed $143 for my haircut… love you<3
you joined the air force?
MFLING... A lot of niggas talk that talk but rearly walk that walk... Miami Fast Life Dropping This Month!!! Are You Ready????
with your teddy bear?
In #Oklahoma? Come meet Advocates Marty and Gay Lynn Bullock at the #Parkinson Foundation of Oklahoma annual symposium
Mitt Romney was the first man to walk on the moon
Swear to God I'm going to be single for the rest of my life!!
Good Morning..... "Happy Monday"
Well if you do those two things well, you will have plenty to keep you busy! I am always proud of you :)
I've concluded that the more you eat for breakfast, the harder it is to go up the stairs.
Not a good sign when the children's clinics elevator smells like booze.
^JD, got the message, completed the steps, saying a prayer! Thanks again!!
RT 'Thanks! Enjoy." Dinner
#MyPastRelationships included a boy having a baby. and never telling me. i had to find out the hard way.
I can't believe Casey Anthony was found not gulty!!!
“Having the vision's no solution, everything depends on execution” ~ Stephen Sondheim
I'll join the team!
My great thanks, Harmony! Hope you enjoy...
no problem!
It will be good to see you!
i whip my hair back and forth.
:-p he had a good call!!
....one of the highlights of our year :) Happy New Year to you and !
A man is given the choice between loving women and understanding them
Tangerine RT Blue or tangerine?
you know it's going to be a long day at work when you bring your own toothbrush and toothpaste to the office..
yes, definitely time for some folks to go home.
what the.
the way you and have been tweeting it sounded like y'all were apart.. Aha
“: Voting to unite sag n aftra finally. Vote yes actors” YES!! You ROCK!
YOU ARE SO SWEET! Thank you! :)
We in this thang!!!
The "Lets Go Blue Jays" chant during the Leafs game last night could not be more appropriate
Hungry "ALERT"
Thanks for the follow - & enjoyed your meetup - do you have a date for Drupaldelphia?
There are going to be extraordinary technical advances that put the mobile device at the heart of enjoying live sports events
probably ghost- I tend to lose my keys; the whisping through walls thing could be useful
New drinking and driving game: a shot for ever dodge charger you pass.
Its the non factors that be the loudest
went mudding :p
It is always ok to be honest
it's allergy-induced bronchitis and sinusitis. And it blows.
I have 2 bathrooms, both sinks started leaking this morning. -did you send the angry plumbing gods to my place?
Back to reality after a weekend of wedding fun with Brits, the Irish and us- so happy for cuz
Had a dream I could fly by swimming in the air, so fun.
Missed and #twitterlessmike this weekend :(
So tired G'nite ya'll
Beverly, it's a distinct pleasure. Thanks for the follow.
Thanks for helping us reach the most extraordinary #volunteers in the country, !
lol 😂😂 I can't! Hahaha! I miss you sis!
no being honest !!
I guess he's counting on the GOP turning on Romney in the end like a rabid dog.. Ron Paul said he wouldn't have voted for the civil rights
thats good, what would u do if he didnt?
Technical architecture of computers is being determined by entertainment industry copyright lawyers who want to enforce DRM.
Looking forward to the and #NBAPlayoffs series starting tonight. Don't think LA has a chance, but it's going to be good.
Yay! so exciting!
Now the anti media card
Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do"...Steven Jobs
Say hi to #MaryMary and Joseph now bottoms up & double my dosage
idk if I can go today :-/
If you play alliance you can choose from 6 different races and if you play horde you can be a blood elf
Awww Susie, Cheer up!! :)
Toasting is an art #DID2012etiquette keep it short, sweet and simple
hey could u bring me a pair of gym shoes 4 gym 2maro?
i'm not sure they can actually change anything... just create the illusion of new rules and hope enough people buy it.
Wearing the same thing I wore the last time I went out? It's okay because it's my uniform ala !
lol you like it?
I love him, oh yes i do. Hes for me, not for you. But if by chance you try to take my place, ill take my fist and smash your face :)
thanks for stoping by today.
I'm so friendly
No they aren't!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :) <3333 have an amazing day.!!!
I have got to see battleship! Someone watch it with me tomorrow! c:
Do you check to make sure your PC Repair person is insured, licensed, and vetted? Protect yourself, protect your home, protect your biz.
different systems starting w/framework (.net vs php). Our clients like #eecms much more as umbracco isn't quite as intuitive.
Also i see you are a horror fan. SO am I...
Exactly. When the celebs vanish and the nerds who care are free to be ourselves again.
I apologize for all the YouTube upload notifications. I was creating playlists and didn't think it was going to autoshare everything I did
I’ve got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end. -Larry Bird
Been doing that all year RT Kobe got a a stomach ache and throwing up bricks.
MY BABY SWEDES THO OMG MY TEARS
Hey girl! Good to talk to you again!!!
yup bs
yeah, guess she hid it pretty well :(
I really want to try out and make it this year
Best of luck to you!!
they might
great bumping into you and catching up
2nd installment of lifetime annuity guidance "coming soon"
yikes... I think I got that! Thanks boo
i swear if you ask me to go one more time i will slaughter you
oh yeah. I'm lovin it!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The person who pays child support is usually ordered to pay for the children's health insurance as well.
Perhaps you should start from the veins.
aw thank you!
lil is awesome!
Happy Birthday !!! I still remember playing paddycakes with little you. Too bad i always won, ha ha!
new plans on the horizon... the original ogas line-up is back in force.
Lol Kobe is on SportsCenter complaining about ppl putting 2gether "Super Teams". How soon we forget. Shaq, Paton, Malone, and himself?
It must be nice to wake up rich and beautiful everyday.
Old asking alex or new asking alex;p? Which should i listen to <FixMyHeart;*>
“: I smile eveeeerytime I see justin's #NEVERSAYNEVER3D trailer. <3”. I vomit every time I see it.
let's start a rockabilly band and bring the scene back :)
He said "I'd call you my wife, before I'd ever call her my wife!" MY HEART AT THAT MOMENT>>>>>>>>> :') <3
Can we start by firing the Madison teachers?
Guess I'm not going to class today?
RT : oh, see, I thought you asked for "web coding for dummies," not "web coding for douchebags." let me see what I can find.
trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew
Research and Markets: Data Center Cooling Solutions Market in Spain 2011-2015: Emerson Network Power, APC, and Rittal ...
Clement Price of Rutgers University at the podium discussing race, identity, and American museums
I LOVED #SaySomethin SO MUCH! IT'S SUCH AN AMAZING SONG!!<3
Life of a Heat fan: I'm taking my personal problems to South Beach.
For actn outta script I give em clips like terantino
you miss Japan, I miss Italy, we both dislike Greg sellnow, we both love each other. =
Ofcourse and thank you!
not Murray State
It was nice meeting you tonight!!
Rebel America lands instrumental placements for Bravo's The Real Housewives of Atlanta & CMT's Behind the Music: - Miranda Lambert TV Shows
I swear we have THE HARDEST part! thank you cremeans -___-
RT: God loves you. You were created by the hand of God on purpose, and He has a wonderful plan for your life.
Watching #Basketballwives on DVR with wifey and is looking crazy attacking Keisha. You have kids. Wow!
aahahah I wish I had witnessed it!
$2 Drinks tonight!!! No Cover! Come boogie!!!!
MQFTD: If you think your too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito... DL
2 weeks till my boo's Bday and I can't wait to give him his surprise I'm getting anxious bc he thinks he knows but he has no idea!!! :)
iight than that's good news yess
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT PEOPLE!!! WE READY FOR A GOOD PARTY TONIGHT!!! TIME FOR A FEW DRINKS!!!! PARTY-TIME
Happily reading about culture and what, exactly, entails cultural change. Also, happy to be in DC.
Come on
The Dems, who have held the majority for years, were completely blindsided by the manueuver.
It's harder to get the away team, but sometimes I do see them. If I see him, I'll let u know and we can work something out.
Alternative food options scarce in area - Crusader Online
/G\ has seen my labor and I am finally getting my wages
maybe it just wasn't meant to be..
perfect idea
#MVP! RT : Cesar #Izturis now has as many home runs this year as Albert
I know who I am And know What I want. My confidence was Shot but now I'm ok So To Speak... Just wish I could Find that good Love...
I haven't really before (I kinda have but mehhhh not really) so I just want that part of my life to exist
that's cool
If I gotta sound out your name <
Just finished the Hunger Games. I didn't know it was a LOVE STORY! (I'm glad i didn't know.) Now go tell that crush you're into them. Now.
Watching BarnYard with the Big Sis.... :)
haha fuck it, I mean either way he is gonna be dressed up in full pads
I like watching morning joe with on #MSNBC because i can watch it live at 3am on the west coast when I am up with my 5 month old.
I miss your musk
I am. These papers are divided into sections, so it's easier to take them in chunks as I screw around on here.
damn that's good. What's that from.
I am requesting a toll to be paid in full once you move back up of at least one true California summer day up here.
Yo mama so bald, when she puts on a turtle neck she looks like a roll on deodorant.
The coffee table vibrations from the boys phones when the bars let out
I have heard good things about them for some time. Are u gonna teach at DePaul this year? I have to take my capstone.
Not even tired anymore, fuck that shit.
This. RT : As a #Whitesox fan I have to say, I am Wood and Dempster fan...so I wish Kerry Wood luck.
sent out an awesome #Santa wig and beard yesterday! Happy early holidays!
If you want the Patriot Act to be repealed, you must tell Congress. Otherwise, it will never be repealed, nor will it even be reformed.
Can't wait for Bachelor Theater tomorrow!!!! Please bring your black gloves as a prop!
What is your favorite? RT: Q8. Bloody Mary or Champagne Mimosa – best breakfast #cocktails for the #MothersDay bar?
One more night to go... One more. PLz let all go well and hassle free.
the transporter of pee is the best ever!
I guess on the bright side I introduced someone to five guys today. \o/
#Caps Hamrlik it looks like
art-science collab: process of inquiry gets shared, or do "proven" science tools get used? getting really interesting
Talking to chyna HMU if u wanna talk
yeah... it still wont work for me! i think skype hate me! hahaha
barback every now and then.
hey morning
The best memories come from bad ideas.
I have to do 14 vocab words....
i do it cause i love you lol.lo
I'm filming for Nickelodeon's new series 'Mission Dawn' :)
Single or not. I'll be happy.
AM money alert...Dow down almost 350 in first 26 minutes of trading.. Watch closely today
HAPPY EASTER!!!!! :D
Good ideas all around! There is your project for tonight, and then wrap them for gifts! :)
Not a fan of hearing peter gabriel songs during household appliance commercials.
it's Sajda :)
Bad girls are no good, good girls are no fun
#ICanHonestlySay you've been on my mind since i woke up today. <3
Like this, if u use the word.
take care! signed, Guy Who Doesn't Know You But Really Likes Your Twitstyle
Continuing tour of 70s soft rock: Poco's "Heart of the Night" is quite possibly the most half-hearted songwriting ever to make top ten.
Damnit. Down by 7. Need to finish this quarter off strong.
between #thatcamp prime and digital dialogues, it looks like i may finally manage to meet in the flesh!
Innovate: (verb) What people that do not work for the Government do to make progress and profits. ;-)
Starting long day of travel back home after ASHA. Thanks to the thousands of folks who stopped by our booth!!
:/ ill text you if you want
Congratulations! RT : BLISS AND GLORY THE BABY SLEPT ALL NIGHT
what's illegal about getting hit with a bad cold?
Needed to work from home today and spent every minute of it outside, loving it.
Dean Mark Kornbluh from presenting at faculty meeting giving a glimpse of the future of higher ed
Did you hear their construction noises on air all day yesterday? They still might be doing that today; odd.
Monthly 941 payroll taxes are due on the 15th...grace period until Monday the 17th since the 15th is on a Saturday....don't forget to pay!
According to radar, brunt of storm appears to be passing south of Churchill Downs. There is lightning that's struck nearby a couple of times
...then beat them completely senseless.
sure, fire away
Just programmed my whole schedule for tomorrow with reninders into my phone. This is very wrong.
,,Why don't Atheist just leave us alone and when it's all over they can laugh at us Christians & say I told u so, chancey.
SBA Golf Tournament tomorrow, and I've got some new golf shoes. Thanks !!
EL Ten Eleven, Races and Mwahaha this friday at The New Parish
Watch us do it
Liquor is so much more dangerous than doobie
I don't know whats up with my family but they DO NOT believe in sendin they kids to daycare
This is why the devil is fighting me so hard right now...because of my destiny, in music and in Him...but I will continue to do His will
Twitter aint benn on here in a while wats goin on tweeters
Shine responsibly Angie! :)
Thanks for the
nothing much! How about you?
Just found witstream.com thanks to
best day ever <3
SMDH @ da person who jus cought da microwave on fire in da break room tryin 2 worm up some chicken soup w/ foil on top...
nothing much. Keeping it low key. Lame but its better that way
Its #Draftday, who's excited?!
Happy Easter! Headed to mass at Xavier in NYC
an inquiry based model of learning requires students to be engaged. Thanks for this article!
Yeah everything is goin good no complaints
Happy Birthday David Beckham :-)
Thx, Evan. Prob a good idea. I'm thinking of ways to say what I really think w/o looking unprofessional. Such a crapshoot...
Looking foward to sleeping on the bus tomorrow, so dont plan on sitting beside me.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys()
Gonna be a interesting football weekend
I sleep on once side of the bed and my cat on the other<3
Heading to Paris?
“: RT : can't wait to hear! and for you guys to start selling out arenas”
A little red wine, some sauce, and some linguine with white clam sauce. Soft and delicious. Makes for a good evening at home.
Just got done working out ;) time 2 get n tha shower ;)
Unfortunately, will be there, too. The others make up for him, though. I promise.
In teaching you cannot see the fruit of a day's work. It is invisible and remains so, maybe for twenty years. ~ Jacques Barzun
>called by time warner asking if I wanted to upgrade to a phone-cable-internet-combo plan >NOPE
Jesus, where the hell is Marv right now?
Part of me says I can't keep drinking like this. The other part of me says, "Don't listen to that guy. He's drunk."
You are awesome! Thank you so much for the love. :)
Lawd, I have sinned..all in the name of frustration. 😡😡😡😢😢
good game though back and fourth
Woo! Home run!! Carlos le
Art Fact- Art has surpassed all others on the stock market over the last 20 years.
Who can catch the wet pussy
damn for real? Once bros always bros fool(: im always here for you:D
We are constantly invited to be who we are. -Henry David Thoreau
RT : just suggested the #Packers could be intrigued by Tebow and a potential landing spot for him
*texts charlie* RT : Phone gets no love
Love "Starship Troopers" too. Sucker for Verhoeven of any stripe.
Its Cnn RT : nah its on Logo RT : check lifetime RT : WHAT CHANNEL IS THE GAME ON HURRY!
what's ur email
Leonid Todorov, Russian Foreign Ministry assigned Net issues to Dept. for New Threats and Challenges. VERY telling!
Thanks! We have so many options now :) Yum!
So happy!!
... Good luck tonight be safe don't Drink and Drive!
Fill in the blank: The Blast is my favorite MISL team because ______________.
Friday Humor: "Reality is the leading cause of stress for those in touch with it." -Jane Wagner
I like to listen to NWA occasionally
I'm cold and wet, and a guy just nailed me in the head with his colossal umbrella. Not a good way to start the commute home.
Back in ILM for thesis defense! The 7 hour drive seemed to go pretty fast...
Happy Earth Day!! Plant a tree, recycle and compost. Just do something for Mother Earth.
ok I see.
r u online
< -----follow the best host in town
lmao who yo team? I hope it's the Thunder
You would be on the one about titled "I'm addicted to hair products"
Congratulations for fighting drunk driving and underage drinking for 20 years! We salute your efforts!
can't handle
Stfu I don't wanna hear that
#SXSW highlight: Bumping into Win Butler of & talking about & #Haiti "we're gonna keep doing it for 40 years"
Stop, just end the drama. I just want this all done with. I love both of you, you're both my bestfriends.
- Want to Market to Kids Via Social Networks? Good Luck With That ... how about parents with kids? ;0)
Roy Hodgson is the Engelbert Humperdinck of English football.
I wonder what exactly means... Interesting photo today... RT : I was warned, didn't listen to the advice from lil bro...
everything going good...what about u?
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 58
lets see how today goes.
Thanks #smbmad sponsors:
great can't wait to see you both
I hate Josh Peters!!!
You can contact any of our locations or, if it's easier, call me @ corp at 845-3095 x 210 & I can get you with the right person.
Awkwardness reduction plan failed. Ah panic, panic!
I'm playing black ops
Oh, I love scary tv. Can't wait for The River.
I believe the institution of marriage should be between two consenting adults who are tired of having sex.
Eeps! Sorry Bianca. Thank *you* for the S/O too! :)
It's a life changing day, when you've said enough is enough. ~Jim Rohn
got the same feeling <3
We fucked up my dads boot book!
Which of Foley's Faces Would Rumble?
She looks great for her age and she shared so much wisdom with me......hang around an elderly for your great experience
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 44
Wow. Instant coffee is *awful*.
Love going on the roof to put up christmas lights «3
So blessed to be in a band, where we never fight, argue or have horrible drama.
yeah I never got insurance on that shit..lol
lol! Not so sure it really ever works though!!!
anyone get the #droid yet? I need to get rid of my blackberry storm as soon as possible, its been a horrible experience
Heading to Muskogee for the Bare Bones International Film Festival
true!! Always the voice of rationality, I think I may have my priorities mixed up! I hope you drank one for me!
Life is about creating yourself.
I feel like that guy in
that is amazing. Whoever made that is very talented.
Have a safe, happy Labor Day weekend.
I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. But when I say I love you, I mean it 100%.
#DailyQuote: "If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are well off." - James Herriot
also dear Spotify, please stop suggesting that I mail Outkast tracks to my sister
Wouldn't you like to know...
“: is ESPN blacked out?”. A Cards fan rescues a Cubs fan! Thanks Boge. Owe you one
haha! True again. It's ridiculous
Today marks the 100th anniversary of the Titanic sailing off to sea
I got it
"if you're diamond you're the worst i've ever seen." jk :)
And so, by your "reasoning" (if that's what you call that), anything less than SB by Peyton in 2012 = FAILURE?!
My family is on my way yo my house for my moms party boy this gonna be interesting O.o
Out of the 160+ poker players on my twitter feed, not a single one has tweeted a big score today, or congratulated someone else for one.
Obama.will not win
love the goat!
we-luh-u
please follow mee?
" We have a jobs deficit and a budget deficit. How do we square that?" - asks Rep. Rosa DeLauro. Pressure to invest well never greater!
RT : In my school, theyre pretty valuable but they should cost less.#libchat Darn hashtags.
I know Tim Tebow believes that prayer and faith will get The Broncos a win. But in my head, I always pictured God as a Bears fan.
If your ideology has all the answers...at least make sure ain't nobody limiting your questions!
Another UPS shipment.. The colors are to die for! BAM! 20% off all new tops and 25% off all dresses! XOXO
tomorrow n u? :)
We can't wait to see our #NMDD participants' reactions when they get their hands on the brand new #CTX3030 for the 1st time!
Thanks for the follow lady, You know I'm following you back,
deserves a round of laughs and applause. Always has something positive to say
#CowboysThursday is growing by the hundreds each week. Help us host the largest CollegeNight in TX by telling a friend to tell a friend.
aye!!! i knew that just wanted to see what you were gonna say hoe!
worth every penny!
am i the ONLY one that thinks emo 1D are EXTREMELY attractive?
lol u feel me on that ey? i mean, i got more gutter and euro pop than ever!
come play halo :)
lol. You'll get over it.😉
Gud Morning ..... Tryna have a blessed day nd don't let nobody f*ck it !!!
and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever:
Perfect weather for a bike ride. After breakfast, the ride home felt so good I just kept riding. 2.5 hours later I made it home, again.
awesome, I'm going to try and go this year.
Sure wish you could blow three loads in ME! You have SUCH a hot body!
o I made it ima give u the iou nfo
Hope all is well with you, too! xo
Here's a new one to me: 18-month-old child with a toy car stuck in its head. Ambulance en route.
mee too. i have no energy to get out of bedd.
Thank you and my favorite, for a great season! Is it October yet?
tweeps, I think
"We have 3 presentations posted from #wma2011, and they have received over 1,000 views! " is a great tool 4 museums
Dam, Peggy got the Ol' reach around trick. Wow!
#1DOhio cuz Ohio girls get it done!!!
aw shucks, thanks:) It's just a great script!
I think it will turn you into a cat. That's what happened on spongebob and that's where I get all my science info.
Not taking your eyes off your computer with your volume all the way up because you're waiting for Say Somethin to play again.
lmfao thank you I forget who made it?(;
and I'm Jill's lucky 20th ;-)
Playoffs ? Who said anything about playoffs !? :P
im all late but thanks u 2
Omg I just had the most fucked up dream ever 👎💀💉🏥
We love you Scooter
Per twitterverse, no Kalif tomorrow night vs SKC for injury. Nature of it is under review (knee, groin, hamstring) depending on who you read
Great play Price!!! GO RAYZ!!!!
can we start every sentence on twitter with "suhhyeah"? well we just did so there
To breed an animal with the right to make promises - the paradoxical task that nature has set itself in the case of man. Nietzsche
Stop throwing sticks at them & they won't be so bloody. RT If you throw a stick in Ireland you hit a bloody poet. -K Barry
does the bernie dance
Duke ranked too high this year. BUT Austin Rivers is best point guard in country!
The baby's here?! Dude. Congratulations man! Only the real rock-stars can support two early stage-startups.
Some mornings its just REALLY hard to get going.. This is one of those mornings. :(
I'm a nerd too! Just not a doucher nerd like this guy.
What a complicated nightmare! Most people would never have found the problem!
RT “: Ran the Boston marathon, kept thinking about and the gmen for motivation”so u beat Boston too
we're so close to uploading LOVELY DAY official music video. Probably tonight! It's looking really cool!
RT : Say what you want and dont look back
The day is starting off wrong hope it gets better
How F*%*#&G SAD is it when real credit bureaus list fake debts frm fake collection agencies phishing outdated databases from real creditors?
We wish you a Happy New Year and many blessings, new beginnings and success in the new year!!!
hey Austin isn't following you x
just recoverin from cinco de mayo weekend whass up wit u
6am and still wide awake blasting , , songs my 3 favorite men with talent :)
Jon Hamm should star as Reggie Dunlop if Slap Shot were to be remade. Blammo.
How's your toe, buddy?
oh ok I see
#BaltimoreDGS unveils large1mw #solar install at #DPW Back River Wastewater Treatment Plant tomorrow 4/21. Check your local news for details
Coming 2 #Seattle #WA this FRIDAY: LIVE at 1030PM! w/ &
((sigh)) here's to hoping this day gets better... Not off to a great start. 😞
Awesome! and what a hard choice! But I would love the donation to go to ! Thanks for giving back, Amy!
haha no!! dude where have you been?
Wish I'd known about ReCollections sooner! Such an easy way to get students visualizing data.
Now that Christmas is over, it is time to make some new resolutions. My favorite time of year!
In the Twin Cities. At least this gray has a snowy heart.
Anyone have any good names for a cheesy rock and roll band that wantsta be like status quo (70s) suzi quaatro and flamin' groovies?
Celtics advance! Heading to round 2 of the NBA Playoffs!
one of the weirdest series. No idea how to feel, live.
I will work on reading it this weekend!
hey Ben, you know I wrote that forever ago and havent familiarized myself much with the newest version of FontExplorerX
I've learned that there is a direct inverse correlation between the number of ads I'm exposed to in a day and my overall level of happiness.
That awkward moment when your sister won't shut the hell up about your boyfriends brother....😲
RT : : NOW I see the value of #missions - Following the lead of and
“Now, not quite 30 years old, legendary leader of the Bedouin revolt against the turks, he had become Lawrence of Arabia”
Prom with my girlfriend ❤❤
#YouWereCuteUntil your true personality showed up.
i need new music
Put first things first
What?!? I swear I didn't do it! I didn't do anything!
Kelly O'Keefe today on creativity "do a few great things, not a lot of good things."
THE ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND 🎏
lol you never asked
Glad #RonnieHillman got picked up, but not by division rivals!
": of course you did."< lol!! Thanks Kelly!
Have you guys priced this stuff? Expensive for ground-up roots! RT : It comes in a can.
Hello! Hope u have a chance to check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
If my life story is ever made into a documentary, I'd like for the second act to be titled "sherbert pervert."
RESPECT!! I feel U son!! How'd varsity do today?
WordPress is playing with my heart!
saying men & women get married is different from saying others should not. Sorry
You seem A LOT like my next boyfriend(;
PLEASE FOLLOW ME<333333333333
16 Days Until Summer 2012... I can't wait any longer...!
FOLLOW ME
thats my new motto!
Happy Mothers Day
Do you have any beauty tips you can share with us? Like how you keep your lipstick fresh or static solutions in dry weather.
The Emerald Atlas by John Stephens. I haven't had this much fun reading a book since Mockingjay!
Had a great time with the IT Hockey team serving dinner at the Ronald McDonald House!
Orchestrator Mary-Mitchell Campbell starts a job by asking, "Am I working with John Doyle or am I doing a normal orchestration?"
Well this is officially the earliest I've started drinking for a cats game. Almost in #NOLA can't arrive sober.
Im shining like fireworks over your sad empty town
rock that dolphin, girlfriend. Lisa Frank sorority for life.
I've said this before.... but it makes more sense now that the #HungerGames are out. I have a girl crush on Jennifer Lawrence.
I'm getting a little antsy about not being able to ride into work because of this cold, frozen ground.
There's no coffee in this meeting.
I mean back to conception
WOW anyone see that dunk? #kobewho?
average age of dentonites has dropped 6 years in the 2.5 years i've been gone. i am not being an old codger, this is just objectively true.
“: I buy a bag of goldfish expecting it to last the week. It's a miracle if it lasts through Monday night TV.
In advasery :) bored
Live the triangle that your pit and pube hair makes.
I have Nate Spears's attograph on my glove..... :D
I do love Monday's! Opportunity starts on Monday. Embrace the week ya'll!
fine you could just say you don't want me to held ;3
What readings would people use for a course with the theme, "What's the Point of College?"
i wont answer that. LMAO!
POLITICS TUESDAY: Obama and same-sex marriage w/ Kevin Naff & Kimberly Moffitt "The Obama Effect" noon
Thanks for the great opportunity to speak! Great event! Thanks for the delish breakfast!
no monica.....i think we should scan ur school pic on the office bulletin brd....very pretty pic
PC tryn flame this lil short dude he said bet cha belt taller den u.... It damn near is
what's shocking you?
I LOVE YOU!! You don't deserve any of these dumb ignorant people yelling at you! They are all dumb and can go die! I love you!
New legislation: No lobbyists to buy a democracy......
RT : Uh oh...Jet's J is wet right off the bat.
Oh and Andrew Luck is such a goober. Even more than Manning, if that's possible.
NYC bound!!! party time
Well Corey Crawford shouldnt feel bad it happens to the best. Ugh Yotes
Yes the irony of FB is that it's so much easier to track people down for the reunion, but no one cares about going.
Want Me to go drop by and say hi...I have section 40
Do I really wanna hurt me? Do I really wanna eat apple pie? No, I wanna live to 103. I don't wanna die. Start stretching those thighs.
So... who's training for what?
Let it be known: I'm cheering Detroit ANYTHING! Tigers, Lions and freakin Chipmunks if it comes to that! I love that City and it deserves
Gosh I can't wait to get off work today. Things weren't even that bad, i'm just ready to go and do nothing...
#CharlesPayne cited work with Promise Neighborhood as among most rewarding of career. And he's done A LOT.
Is it draft day yet?
tryna keep it real in a world dats so fake
Very funny!!
RT : "Stan, poke your Grandma!" LOL!
one of these days...they are gonna Find Bigfoot, on Finding Bigfoot...you'll see
Awww. Thanks, Molly.
"Me and the truth against myself" - Basim Elkarra, CAIR
totally - on both counts! Big hugs!
Breakout group has ended. Soon we'll reconvene to hear the results of group discussion.
October special! $40 for 40 minutes of personal training. Multiple locations around Chicago!
finished breakfast, now off to start the day
I'm having trouble opening the doc, sorry!
crises in the reflection lounge
This tweet made me happy, and I think I might know who it's about haha
She said Roast you... Ur more Clown then Bozo! Bitch please, whos posts Hoe-ish thoughts but hoes? Ur prob is u need sum dick!
If a man has a penis, a vagina and a butt, and he puts his penis in his butt, does that make him straight or gay? Or both?
Good Morning!!! :)
Best fucking actor in a long time
Or maybe I'm just a pompous self absorbed bitch who thinks she has a sixth sense xD
HA HA! I KNEW you were going to say something about being old. You are NOT! Be honored!! :-) Thanks Rick!!!
Question: Who inspires you?
Woops! Now I probably seem like a crazy stalker lady... Stupid touch screen and STUPID like button on facebook!! D:<
listening to this now...it is pretty interesting!
Time for #TopChef! Although this season is very disappointing so far...
Hope you enjoy them. Thanks for curating awesome #AdobeCaptivate Content. All Cp tweeps should follow you!!!
just practically retweeted myself. You must not be able to read.
Thx - I belong to for loans/their cash back checking acct. but it's clear I need one in downtown Portland too
RT : Subliminal advertising is a GRAY area, JUST as ICE is both solid & liquid. Oh, and I found a great book...
Love waking up with a cold 👎😒
Bizarre phrase of the day: "by unprecedented peculiar means and methods of our own style."
It's crazy how just when you think you finally can relax you all of sudden have so much to do for school -__-
Q7 Sometimes I cry because these books are full of people I'll never meet.
RT : RT : Twitter niggas the only people on earth who'll say 50k is struggle.
