Good morning!!
LOL no she's my first mother silly your mother omg
The old let them score so we can get the ball back trick! Oh wait, wrong sport. What was w/ the (Lack) of rotations on the Holiday lay in?
Lol(: && I'm From Houston, Texas(: Where Are You From? :D
i think my teacher sent an email saying my 9am is cancelled. and if that's not what he meant, he means it now.
so follow me down,take this all the way, anyway you want to
Crushing Venice beach w big milt tonight. Shit is beautiful out here
Urock tour coming soon Gambino and Darichboyz will be in the building 15 cities thousands of fans gotta love this
Congrats to Jennifer Aniston, an honor well deserved.
Still plenty good seats left, but a nice steady pace.
Did you get suggestions for good hiking boots? Am in your Djerassi res. Going to Ucross Wyoming 1st & think I need there too...
Curator Cheryl Ganz: why do the stories of Hindenburg and Titanic still fascinate us 75 and 100 years later?
Not bones, my packages are all boneless. Wish otherwise, though - I love making caribou stock!
Hope to see you all tomorrow night hillcrest!!!
Nope, not paying for a cover in this town
I hate how I always have I restart the DrawSomething app! :|
RT : We just locked up a BIG one for you! Cant wait to release the 2nd announcement for North Coast Music Festival 2012!
A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.
omg that clothes is different
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
17 new supporters joined the Facebook group, The $1 Million Facebook Experiment today. You can join too. Its for charity! Join now!
Heading back to the studio tonight to check out the mix on our new record.
Day 4 of getting famous
no problem :) you should follow back sometime :)
Wondering if any of my PLN is heading to DC for NLLD this month... I will be there with
I wish cancer was only known as a zodiac sign
omfg I love you okay.
Kudos to whomever named the dots in a list "bullets." Genius, my friend. (Compare: "spotted list")
: I love that you are giving a prize for #followalibrary day! We should have thought of that for #followamuseum day!
Sad sweetie =( Some people can be supper rude=(
Happy Andy Day!
If the scalp is compromised in anyway then the hair will also be. Build-ups on the scalp are our worse enemies.
do you use the bioderma all over your face or just for your eyes?
no need to cry, the os will make everything better
The day is flying by! Hope everyone is having productive days too :)
One day
Go AWAY rain! It's
haha... no, didn't end up doing that lol. I just thought it was weird that they had condoms on necklaces at the bar. =/
I should really do my work
I'm going over to this guys house that I'm pet sitting. My parental a wouldn't let me layout with people around hehe
Cheers! Of the Dry Stout and the Railroad St. IPA, did you have a favorite?
Also highlights the importance of law schools ("the academy") in helping to solve orphan works problem
I enjoy sleeping in. LOL. It's 11 o'clock and I just woke up. Happy Summer, then x
SO if the world was to end in 30 minutes, who would you saw "I love you" to?
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
Hola Libby Nice boots!
i keep it G!
ugh, Monday.
Make sure it doesn't eat any of the kids! Our 3rd daughter is due in a couple of months!
Today Jojo and I are the extras in Lynn Shelton's new movie. Thanks to !
My friends at have a fabulous contest: I just entered to win an awesome car seat!
glad to see you on twitter
Holy crap pins are killing the flyers
FML. kill me now please.
wants me to tweet more facts about hawaii?
This is one of the best sessions I've ever sat in on! SO helpful. Thanks for sharing all of your freebies with us.
Layin in bed, listening to the rain & thunder, watching my kittens play with each other.
: it is a cool story;)
HistoryPin - share images and stories: www.historypin.com
they're awesome dogs, so fun!! I hope you get to meet one too :) LMK if you're ever in Austin and you can meet Rain!
I don't think I really cried reading it, and I'm definitely a crier. The perspective is very interesting.
education? isn't everything supposed to be digital?
Celebrate Leap Day with us...20% off our February Pedicure XXOO today only. Its the last day for this pedicure. Call for your reservation!!!
Those perfect pair of blue jeans that make you look so good and feel so great, you want to wear them every day..
rain checks are great; I get them too. My local stores do not extend the Triples or Super Doubles along w/ RCs
future teammates again let's get excited.......
good morning :D
I love so much she is my one try love! <3
Guy working out next to me at the gym chanting "burn baby burn" to himself while he runs...
Super! Zobha awesome, love their stuff :-)
You talk about people, but you're exactly like them dumbfuck.
whoo hoo!!! Love you guys! Awesome job today!!
"And Justice for All"
so very appreciated ;-)
still waiting for Poff to give me a killing photoshoot
My greatest ambition in life is to be destroyed by fame.
Really? I haven't hear of it... I will look into it, than you.
Hate getting this DM : " Hi somebody is posting horrible things about you "
lol uniforms suck
Except, yeah: VERY costly items that're also theft magnets
Sure...I will check out your site!
A 5 team game of monoply to make the flight go quicker?
16u Dallas Diabloz vs. 15u Tx Spikes. Spikes dbl play in first inning.
Snowing on Long Island
Sound good mane. Bud light and we go muddin and shit hell yeah
on now. What for some hilarious excuses for being late? My cat had the hiccups...
RT : Latino Urban Forum to host dialogue & speaker series - "Latinas & the River" - Monday, 6PM, LA River Center!
Bet workin in the lab! I need something to eat! What should I eat? some Chicken wings maybe?
Get full and drunk for under 10 bucks!!! It's $2 Tuesday!!! $2 Tecate Tall Boys $2 Tacos
Staying optimistic for the , new season new players!
Yes, those are the ones. A collective job well done! Now, can they be set free?
Whenever I travel my mom, w/ the help of my brother, packs a small...
I didn't have room to type...#yum!
good seeing u here, Eva
- jason, thanks for the follow. Be well. Marc
COUNTDOWN until our FIRST #whereveryouaretour promo day: 8 days! If you want to help out e-mail for more info!
I am fine, how are you doing?
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun. - Katharine Hepburn
What was all that ruckus this weekend? Did I see a pile of equipment and cables on the floor? Are we remodeling???
Tonight's the night.
#PlansForTheSummer... Making $, hockey, making more $$$, working out, Hawaii, and hanging out 💜
My teacher telling me how they're considering on taking early release out on Wednesday's. -.-
girl I just joined twitter completely lost help!!!
hilarious, mike.
you do it
Hey u gonna grow that fu man chu like flacco?
S/o to #Armyof7 with
TGIF..Have a great weekend!
Leonard + 1 flap down = cowbell tossing
Happy Good Friday!
RT - When everything feels like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top!
ha! Well... I guess that suggestion also works at mardi gras
Just landed in Dallas and welcomed by a drenching rain. I had to get out in it and dance!
Nuggs have won 3 of 4 from the Lakers. Other than a weird last minute in Game 4 this series would have ended in 6 for the Nuggets.
Finally over the stomach virus
Being a Boston College alum is taking this Ranger run to another level.
Congrats to the new Tachi Palace Fights Bantamweight Champion, Ian Loveland!
Heading to #denver in a couple days. Tell me where I need to eat.
yes, but it's such a tired debate, and his view of it doesn't make any difference...might as well ask Newt and Mitt
i got u cutie
Congrats to the team on an amazing #TVnext event. So well done!
finally someone under 30 is in here.
Goofing off starting up twitter.
First and foremost - have self respect and self worth
Gotta spend time with my grandma this weekend.
having a hard time sending you a DM, I would love to attend and will be moving to Detroit tomorrow
New month, new contacts -- It's like someone came to my house and cleaned the windows.
I'm so in love with you, new york!!!!
Sounds like a very romantic Valentine's Day for the both of us!
We'll teach your employees to speak English or Spanish, with convenient classes @ your location! Most effective language lessons guaranteed!
earthquake turns out to be 5.8, center in Virginia
can I finally make my debut.... Or no
I shall most definitely report back
RT": I'm making some changes, so if you don't hear from me your one of them"
#WSU Coach Ken Bone says Brock Motum's ankle isn't feeling any better. Didn't practice today. Not optimistic about having him Friday.
"Helps me to find my voice." Love it.
Pas de tout!
I love JetBlue! I fly them whenever I can
marvin - how would one get deafhood classes here in Rochester?
If you have time go one YouTube and listen to Marvin and Chardonay by Big Sean please
Don't b surprised to c wiltjer knock down some big threes tonight and Teague take control early
wondering WTF! is twitter? its kinda stupid and pointless so im not gonna get on although i have like what 2 friends yeah no wait 3
Thanks for the mention ant the RT! You guy's rock!
My cock always shoots for the stars.
My trainer must think I'm so weird. But if you tell me 'Be Prepared!', obviously, I'm going to say 'My teeth and ambitions will be bared'
Just used the word "us" in a sentence when referring to the SEC.
": World peace lmfao" on the ground and shit at the end lol
Haha, those were the days.
Criticism, like rain, should be gentle enough to nourish a man’s growth without destroying his roots. --Frank A. Clark
I really want to have a hater alert! ahhaha :D
thx for the add, my acc was hacked a yr ago and i barley got it back, feels good bud =)
There are six internships in Web Design, if you are interested contact me. Current ILIS students only.
Thanks for Around Town info on We look forward to fans attending #BabyBashBling expo for fabulous fun!
AnnaLee Saxenian is speaking about I-schools: techonology and public policy, economics, sociology, ....
C'est excellent RT & our winner going to NYC finals is Jennifer Contraveos!
Yes, I know that about you!!!
Text me...
Wisconsin is trending. Sweet! Guess that's because we're here. ;)
I'm 4 of 4 on my NCAA brackets. March Madness is the best time of the year
sux. Account creation process is broken.
Tapping into the brain power of , and is definitely getting the week off to the right start.
Mini Marathon runners/walkers in Indianapolis come by the Monumental booth at the Expo for a discount code!
Had my first ever 5 figure day online yesterday :P
Directioners are true, we are proud, we love Harry,Niall,Liam,Louis,and Zayn We Go In One Direction <3
See if u get me best believe I'll get u bac b4 u get me again an if u would of got me again Ill com bac two times stronger#Im bout that life
Get him on!! RT : Any radio stations in Denver want to have me on this afternoon? I want to talk about my weekend at the
Happy Single Awareness Day
Love the #finecraft posts
Having to play an arrangement of a song you know in the wrong key.
How do we release Stephen Jackson?? Classic addition by subtraction!
I'm not sure I believe Annasophia Robb as a young Carrie Bradshaw, the outfits in the publicity photos just aren't crazy enough!
We'll have to check it out!! Thanks for the tip! Are they on Twitter?
BOS to SFO. Tempted to make it a one way trip. Anxious about staying in our house after a year and a half away.
Shopping , movies , tanning , party . = 👍
Thank you! :)
This record goes dumb!
Having fun!!
hahaha. Of course! Ah. Im actually gonna miss jones class with yall :((
I'll be in fairview tomorrow there's one there.
If you're looking to collaborate, Hit me up. If you have something unfinished as do I then lets trade and see what comes out.
no stop
- your site looks interesting..will check it out..
Happy Monday! Hit "Like" if you're excited for a short work week, seeing some family, and TURKEY!!!!
SHOUt Out my new follower!!!!!
bad baseball wont keep me from the park. The Rockies dont have that power. 2 for 1 $8 beers would b nice.
ok I get the apparent hint u arent bi or gay ! Bye
Hope my man 's back is good hahaha
;-) touche' - but real tatooes Bo, not ReHObeth tramp stamps.
Just touched down in Boston, so many Dunkin Donuts sightings already. What a welcome sign.
can't wait to see you too! It's gonna be epic
haha I'm thinking bout it
Congrats to the winner of the 500+ category: San Diego County Credit Union!
"slow your ass down!" - as the #obamacaravan makes a 3 point turn, middle of the street, downtown
why thank you Jessie Jo. :)
make it nassty
Already hung out with Obama today. what else is there to do?
Dear person blasting music from their car while they drive by, Wait... I like that song come back!
Waking up in the p.m!
Nigga Excuse #1: Naw That Wasn't Me Baby, He Just Look Like Me.
RT RE FUCKING TWEET!! “: JUST BECAUSE I GAVE YOU A COMPLIMENT DOES NOT MEAN IM TRYING TALK TO YOU!!!!”
RT : Documentation = key RT : A1: Good documentation and communication skills are often essential
Thanks for the follow and support Eleanore, Love the burger and fries pick if you every in the chi check out
Been gone for a way long time. Visiting, for now. Hello, people.
please tell me that's real.
just finished eating crepes at a French restaurant in the city ... n now i'm ready 4 sleep!!
thanks for the Rt!
you can be my boy, you can be my boy toy.
I'm just sayin...
why did you RT yourself? ps welcome to twitter
Found myself sucked back into writing fiction this week. Next week I'll probably pull out my watercolors.
US problems solved in 9 easy steps: Stop illegal immigration, stop fighting wars, legalize and tax weed, sanction gaming industry,
Moving to Wyoming where people pay the least for gas.
I agree Shareeke! --> RT : I'm watching it as well. Great documentary. Things never buy us happiness.
Still awake after night shift. Gotta go bed now. Hope I can fall a sleep. Goodnight all.
omfg your beautiful. You look like El and dani had a kid and they made you! Lol beautiful xx
thank you :)
I want a baby boy!
quit whining
It's worth every tear!
Cleaning out my car for the first time in like a year
Me RT : who did I forget to follow back? RT
RT : Oh my gosh, I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight.
In my world right now Diable 3 does not exist.
She is a cutie.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im gonna start my fashion designing line...!!!
Our TBRI® training for CPS workers kicks off this morning! Be sure to use the #TBRI hashtag if you're tweeting from the seminar.
Is about to nap-nap.... Nite nite twittie buddies!
Writing a #jQuery interval function for a real time prize pool dollar measurement feature on a #Facebook tab.
unsure yet.
Someone make me put in work. This is too easy.
The most important step you can take to attain good health is to cleanse your body of all the impurities
and I know each other from many years back. It's been a long time mama how are you?
When do we get to dress you in diamonds ?
IODA not working just when I want to find another song :(
If Justin w/ Selena, Alli w/ Christian, Cody w/ Medison. I still have A chance (=
Can't get with Paul the Elder, eh? What's missing? I like your discussions w/red pill, Keen, and unlearning and wondered
What were you reading? It must have been good!
Is ur truck fixed yet?
Really hope this works out as planned 
lol I would but that involves me thinkin
Every day, Americans eat an estimated 18 acres of #pizza. That's a lot of pizza!
I love your existence.
Please don't be upset with me, you have your health, be thankful.
So true!: RT : RT : #Aquarians will usually be straight-up with you about anything, they tell it like it is
I just want to take a moment and say thank you, Lord!
Fuck the men ... let's drink to us!
Never let success get to your head, never let failure get to your heart
I swear to god, if that huge round of antibiotics I just did that totally kicked my ass did not work, I'm gonna be so pissed.
and she told my best friend and she just about snapped on her. she told her to never speak to her again ... (cont)
Ughh I hate wen I forget wat I be wanting to say <<<
Will Do!
All week is going to be like this,
Headed to the first day of my new job! So excited. Happy Monday everyone!
Do you listen to music while you work?
Yeah well hopefully the blues can stay in the Champions League today, ugh.
TRAFFIC: Speed Trap today: 1400 block of E. Johnson.
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!! Who doesn't like chocolate?
Its nice when people are still capable of being friendly and doing the right thing.
Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture.
dont forget to follow back
RT : Social media is a lot like a 1st date: Be a good listener, and tell great stories, and you'll do really well.
Happy birthday!
iMiss My Best Friend
Nobody cares
Bring it. “: BBQ throwdown? MCN should consider Kansas City in the future :) #mcn2010”
Is howardtv a rip off?
": I'm on your side of the nation next week. We should link. Text me!"<-- It's abt 2 be ON!
Let's go Brady GAME TIME...
Got a feeling we're going to have one or two sloppy people in the Cauldron tonight. Let's have fun today but act responsibly.
Alan Cumming with more security than the pope at VLOV. Really?!? Ok, Nightcrawler...lol :)
Is there a pitch Gordon Beckham can't pop up? #whitesox 2b in two year slump.
Big butt lol
Watch The Colbert Report and see vacuuming as with naked girl for our shoot with Project Magazine!
Pretty sure i just dominated that anthropology exam
RT : Finished the final song for this album. I can breath easily now.
I wish I was you right about now..
You will be prepared!
o that sounds like so much fun!
Free at last!!!
How controlling do you think the NYC SM policy is? I read it more as keep ur personal separate from professional.
I need to smoke so bad I'm flipping out
Oh no! That just makes them more valuable... definitely had dresses on my pocket brainstorm as the most important type
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
Worth celebrating! RT : Today in 1397 Geoffrey Chaucer recited 'The Canterbury Tales' for the first time at court of Richard II.
Today's #vinyl buys: Desmond Dekker: King of Ska (Trojan), Bob Marley & The Wailers: Shakedown (Ala), Beastie Boys: Body Movin' 12"(Capitol)
i cant set my hopes too high, cause every hello endd with a goodbye.
yes - Derrick
Don't blame ya! Congrats~
"ewww!! : When you get a hair ball stuck on your face at the beginning of a set and you can't stop to get it off. "
RT for a
haha how u see that?
theofficekid.com - HILARIOUS article in Biz Week...will find soon to tweet!
cooking up a stir fry!! m!!!
#TimeManagementTip: Make sure that your objectives are realistic and do not try for the impossible.
saw a book by Josh Bezell on Today, WILD THING. Must get it!
Keynote address room packed out
with ! We will def be back soon with our third musketeer :)
RT : Continuing Frist's tradition of diagnosing based on TV. Worked for Frist, right?
NEWSFLASH NEW SUMMER ANTHEM "BREAK YO BACK" FT DROPS ON MAY 15TH @ 3PM WIT
Thanks for the follow and the RT! Keep up the good work with #RedDirtRuckus- Let me know if there's ANYTHING I can do for you!
Agreed. Only in healthcare do u have so much customer data à la the EMR but no integrated CRM.
gotta date today (:
I can not , will not & refuse to be dried out today .... WHATS THE MOVE ?
Tapping out. Can't take it any more
Heard a new version of #AngryWords by this morning on LOVE IT! Great way to start the day :)
researchers from berkeley institute of design skyping into designX tonight for local design research roundtable. next week -- global.
I kid you not, I'm highly looking forward to your return to NYC dude. Has to happen. Hope you had a safe trip back to... Singapore?
A woman can say more in a sigh than a man can say in a sermon.
Win Or Go Home!
The smoked salt and stout one is good too. A little bit goes a long way but so yummy.
Those are the folks who should just stick to making it pretty, and communicate their ideas to the real code monkeys.
hey Adam, wow thats kool,I would love to see it..I miss Weldon, he took great pic's.....
tuna sandwiches
sombody let me barrow $5 so I can get my mom a $1 mothersday card!!!!
If you think that hit warrants a 5 game (10 game w/preseason) suspension, you are absolutely crazy. #NHL gone soft.
#TypeYourNameWithYourElbow: nbdfd mmjfI. Well, I wouldn't call that a success story.
Okay you guys caught me I'm not a serial killer
you can't sue because you already signed the legal agreements! MUAHAHAH x'D nobody did. did you hear what she said to randy?
I think we were keeping the Wing Zone in business
where does freePAC stand on civil rights and equal rights for all
Happy Birthday Zoe!! I really like your dog. She's beautiful!
ha. Two twitter accounts might get too confusing!
Houston, TX to rename itself officially to Whitney Houston, TX
Road Quote of the Day: "Wherever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius
Haha I'm so excited to be done. I can't wait to get out of middle school!
Ugh, I'm sorry about that! Could you email us at so we can look into it? Thanks!
Also you're totally jinxing yourself.
Has anyone ever visited DOK in Delft, Hol­land? What was it like?
Must be integral to strategic decisions and org bottom line
Welcome to the team Mikey Kenney, Joshua Waldrum, and Victoria Henson!!!
Wisconsin is gonna miss you! You've got a really bright future ahead of you! Hope to catch you on tour sometime soon!
If I pick with you for no apparent reason it's because I like you.
I have to get my head shaved for county and they are gonna make it look really bad....like put shapes in my hair...
Whether you think you can or not, you're right. ~ Henry Ford
Thanks for helping spread the word for the Taylor Murphy Center!
Mary Kate & Ashley Olson on this episode of Sister Sister. OMG! 90s overload!
I've never gotten along with my Siri we haven't talked in like a month
Outside Penn Station We TV did an interesting promo with amabassadors in wedding dresses to hype Sun. prorgamming, but why do it on a Mon?
Real nigga so this rap shit easy, when I speak these niggaz believe me
It was all fro 's own site. Own website. That's how deep the hacking + identity theft is there. I recommend #stayawayfrompaypal !
just wanted to tell you that you're a bad mamajama!! Keep pushing play!
is he feeling better?
can't wait to go to get our copy of #NSNDVD at midnight on Thursday! :)
That was an awkward call...
I'm biased towards WP (I've never built in Joomla. Hated the backend when I looked at it). WP is just better + easy + not ugly :D
Finding news on cable news channels is effing impossible.
fuck yes i would buy if you shipped to the states
Real tough loss tonight but that is why it's best of 3. Win we continue to Final 5.
omg i am so aone someone really needs to hmu like omg!
no problem !! I saw you guys at ATF this last weekend in Tulsa ! Y'all rocked ! I will so be seeing you guys a lot more !
Josh Hamilton is unbelievable, 4 home runs tonight!
Surving the Cut
oh, right. no catch. I just do that sometimes as a way of saying thanks for finding us and positive feedback.
Haven't don't it in months so I'm out of sync. Once I get back on a regular basis it will be easy, but tonight was HARD AS HECK lol
#ThatMomentWhen you're out with someone new & you realize that you can't stop thinking about you know who
ur twitcon >>>> u should be a model
That feeling you get after a fresh cut ...
WELL THEN YOU HAVE A CHANCE go get your man girl
RT : RT this post and you will entered into our competition to win a MacBook Pro! Our way of thanking your support :)
"His electric whispers tickled my ear, and I didn’t know the sounds—I only knew warmth." From my book, BEYOND THE PROPHECY. SWOON
ha.. im with ya
Graduation dress shopping with my baby cousin ...aw she's all growed up.
Just got a job at #HerbChambers #Honda as the new #InternetMarketing Specialist! I'll be doing all the #SEO/SEM #SMO and car #photos/videos
Awww you so nice! ;-)
OUR PLEASURE TO FOLLOW YOU. ALWAYS LOOKING TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU AND BE PART OF YOUR TEAM IN 2012.
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Target - LIPITOR -
I stiffed a hooker once. Also, I didn't pay her.
Has she offered a black woman a show yet?
Happy Mothers Day !! God Bless Moms all over the world!!
See where google is driving traffic, but where the conversions are taking place says
Sometimes high comedy is not funny.
Now on sale, bottles of Russian River Pliny the Elder (limit 2 per cust.), Sanctification Blonde Sour & Redemption Blonde Ale
A type of advertising that has great value for money and immense value for your company image.
o well lol
Happy bday to , enjoy your day hermano!
- Hi ya! Just checking out your site. Gr8 ideas for Bay Area family fun. Love it!
depends what browser you're using
Not sure why that guy just took a part of the hotel's (fake)floral display.
Big night , #GSBOYZ, performing, doors open at 9pm till 3am, THIS WILL SELL OUT EARLY, avoid the line, show up early
On the Blogs: DIY Urban Gardening and an $8,100 McNugget
Shout out to for contributing to me being address as K Kiran, year after year. It never stops. lol NM, how are u?
Interpreting slavery-Visitor: slavery just wasn't a big deal down here. Ranger: it might have been if you were a slave...
What are the changes
Desperate but effective! Haha! Big thank you!
the text MSG from was so random. ( I love showers.) Hahahaha random much but hey I love em too lol
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
maybe but it polishes to the prettiest shades of green!
Inspire while trying to create € seek words of wisdom in this world of hate !! Live for the future through the past in the present
I want britts iPhone :(
At least it's under warranty and the repair guy will be out tomorrow afternoon. Hears hoping nothing can mold by then. Grrrr!!
THAT NAP WAS NEEDED! !!!!
Thx for the RT sweetie! Let me return the favor :)
Still awake and I'm supposed to be getting up in two hours....yay mondays!
Well stated RT : Appeal ofNFL bounty penalties will be test of CBA grievance lang. Very imp. Assume NFL is correct: PA renegotiating.
Nice. hold it down my friend.
I was not able to park on my street today due to pony rides.
Granderson crushed that joint. Damn.
Belt Parkway Brooklyn New York dangerous at times beware of accidents and Runway Towing! Your motor taken hostage by that tow company
Im from a place where stars never shine.
Nerds on nerds on nerds. RT What the heck is star wars day?
LOLOLOLOL! The OZ!
next period :p
good good
Epic Thursday is in full affect tonight!!!
wake me up when it's wednesday!
Was a reminder that I have credit remaining. Subject line was: "You Have Unused Credit at The Clymb!" Can FW too if helpful. :)
My family purchased the Compton's Encyclopedia set in the 80's from a salesman. Bizarre to think about it now!
Make it or Break it. was really good
I'm on(: what's up
most internships don't pay. I already know a bunch of things people suggest to me. It's just that I can't utilize it due to restraint.
Happy birthday to Oscar Combs
Epicurean Lite is here to help you & your family - we've completed meals for our first renal diet client! Inquire at
Getting a ton of rain in Tampa Bay past few days. No drought conditions here!
RT if you wanna text!
Hi there :)
Hackers is on?? That's the #business. Gotta watch it
RT : Thanks!! You do the same. :) RT : Hope everyone has a great Friday!
I never knew the power of organization to the extent that I do now. I am one mean mamajama
So far my days not going so great, prayers for a better day please!!! Thanks in advance!!
#ThingsIHate Fake ass people
I just saw that today. I'll bet a dollar that Fod is going.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen
I wish was here with me.
It's time to grow up.
he's Chief Spokesperson & Director of Communications at Metro (WMATA). Tweet his ass !
LeBron/Wade pick n roll would put their defenders in no man's land to free either's drives, get Bosh shots & free shooters
That's really cool! Thanks for the message. Hope all is going great!
molina & berkman went yard but the cards fall again to the rays.....tough weekend for the birds...
Got Me Another Dr. Pepper =)
Listening to William Tyler's solo album for the fifth time in two days. It doesn't get old, it matures.
You know your feeling is real when you're really into somebody and they're NOT your type
Yeah, I wish you were dead.
. Today, start-ups are doing with $1 million that it would have taken $20 million to do a decade ago
The NBA lockout is stupid
I guess you'll never know now :)
Our Hero makes baskets in all denominations.
While you're in #Philly, come check out #AlesoftheRevolution at City Tavern!
thinkin about getting an iPhone lol but I love my Droid...and for sure dude! I need some extra cash haa
Do you or do you not love yourself?
all inspiration from the bar haha
“: GIVING HUGE FREE SOLO SHOUT OUTS TO WHOEVER FOLLOWS TELL ME WHEN YOU'VE FOLLOWED” Done
RT : How was being super hillarious in world history! omg lol
did a little digging and this seems to be a fairly common problem with recent versions of OSX. Darn, that's not cool.
Huh. Had no idea there was any other definition! I think I'll just keep reading it the old way, so much more fun.
got me at some podunk #breakfast joint smh
thanks!!! Been waiting since Christmas for them to come in!
girl those are CUTE!! Where did you get them done at?
We can dance standing up or lay a blanket down..
thankxs brother, I thank you for your retweet also :)
see. I knew you changed..
Lil' Wegi Working on these songs everything going good, working my but off for my fans Shout to all my fans and everybody I keep it 1000%
Kim kardashian is donating her wedding gifts to charity? What kind of charity can use thousand dollar flatware and fine china? Seriously...
What do YOU want to read about in our blog? Any diplomacy issues that interest you that we haven't covered?
Confused as to why 's instagram pic is a picture of me with down syndrome?
Lunch with my sister and staying the night with her(:
what r fuzzy socks?
Chicago: Today's the day. Join Wicker Park Crossroads tonight 7:30-9:30 for a shopping party - raffles, refreshments, designer racks.
Didn't win the lottery this weekend. Maybe there is hope to be picked for the contest?
your my everythingg.
Vik's getting married to me
cuz your black! All there is to it
find me another!
Been reading some Glen Campbell concert reviews. I'm bringing a tissue or two to the show on Friday just in case.
ohh that's classy.
Best of luck in your recovery Johnny. Glad to hear you;ll be ok. I pray the injury doesn't have lasting effects later in life.
I will finish the rest later
the man that owns it calls it house but I consider it an apartment lol.
is writing a paper about robert nozick
Don't let know!
how old were you when you got your first tattoo?????
#IMayBeGayBut I don't hit on every guy I see.
The #Oscars were pretty lame huh? The hunt picks up tomorrow.. is it your time to #win?
Did you know we smoke our own meats? Yep, we are perfecting the process so we can bring you some great new offerings.
well my genre could be considered a lot of different styles. haha, its kind of hard to tell but i think its mostly pop
STAMPED-N-FAMILY WILL BE AT THOWBACK TONIGHT 2 BRING IN THE NEWYEARS !!!!!!!!!! COME JOIN US ITS GOING 2 BE ONE U WONT FORGET !!!!!!!!!!!!
it's like where are the nurses when ya need em
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. -Oscar Wilde
Ball game Over The Yankees Win
You know what would make this moment perfect? Yup. Crying baby.
lol thanks :p I took an Advil I'm probably over reacting allergies cause idk what they feel like.
Finally a breath of spring breeze in Rome
Very fun interesting night at work :-)
the right to love - blood on the dance floor >
Im glad he didn't give u a ticket.
hi james
Klout really does help you see your areas of influence and your true social media reach... but can't say I totally understand it.
At brfng on Creating a Culture of Excellence: The Role of School Leaders. Secondary schl principals talk about student achievement
Sketch is such a creep uhh
Two writing sprints down, one to go. Then once more on to wiki-skinning!
Day 9 of 10 straight in cubicle... Think i can make it, then 4 day weekend!
hello ap spanish exam day, we finally meet. I've been dreading you.
Thanks for the RT...
And a big thank you to everyone who made a success! We love each and every one of you!
I love this idea!!!
Congrats to the brothers of the Mighty Midwestern Region for an oustanding convention!
Never lose a customer again. We keep your customer coming back time after time to do business with you. Attract more retain more.
Lacking the motivation to save for your nest egg? Here are some tips on how to get focused to secure your retirement future.
once you see them with someone else. It finally hits you. whats done is done.
I confess. I love Pat Benatar's song We Belong Together. Thanks The Voice
so excited about the NY Philharmonic concert tonight - my favorite Prokofiev 2nd Piano Concerto!!!
o no, what's wrong?
why thank you Miss Fefe :)))
You're my bf. I'm entitled.
Hahahah that is so typical of him. Good thing you left - saved urself boredom, confusion, and his weirdness
Chicago Bulls had been 31% favorite to win NBA Finals, but Miami Heat now in lead at 30%+ with Bulls less than 15%...
i have read the case that will kill all of it but for some reason cant find it online but i know i read it in baldwins ohio arrests searches
Have you spoken to our player personel department ? email me and I can forward your info to them
productivity = cleaning out email, filing receipts/paychecks, budgeting, and planning my to-do list for this weekend. is this maturity?
Public figures can't be reckless socially. Can ruin entire career.
check out our new #UrbanPop Artist #Jaysin on his #grind and follow him at
-truthfully I have not counted, many are collectible, some are for everyday and others are guest ashtrays, i have quite a few
Larkin I believe will be back still a fan of his tho
you know it!;D
lmaoo! XD amber text me saying saying same thing... I am verry very sorry *cubans voice*
shouldn't get a blue check mark until he follows me.
Goodnight twitter world
old bestfriends, new strangers...
didn't see your comment last nite. yeah, surprising? all the reporting today said the Pats let him score. so weird.
Vegetarian - that's an old Indian word meaning "lousy hunter".
you should do a video to ;) <3
thinking about moving my office to the cafeteria a few hours a day because that is where the good cross-functional meetings happen
When we we play human twister at Hedo?
Why would anyone want to attend a #draft? I can barely stand being at my own fantasy drafts. #NFL losers
Not much better than 200 2nd graders in woodland creature costumes singing about the importance of character. My owl is rockin' it. :)
Hey, what's the problem? Twitter lost my Tweet...
Haha ..yeah..:/ dumb bitch..LoL..:D
So bored the hell out my mind ready to go...ugh...
Life is very short and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friend. - The Beatles, We Can Work It Out
That looks nice. I'll check it out, thanks!
Ushers actually telling people to turn their cell phones off? And people actually listening? Hell yeah!
Music Video to "Old Soul" record coming soon!!
Can see the
they put ham on my sandwich and im allergic to it :-(
Stop making my phone buzz , loser ! ;D
if Narv is out for the year, maybe Oswalt will put our rotation in ESPN's top 10 rotations...
Finally after two weeks I get to see my baby today!!! I feel like a little kid on Christmas ☺😊😃😄😍😘
has anyone heard of the rachels challenge thing??
We appreciate the support
Every time Bolt is aired on TV, it's a night in with the Pug's favorite flick.
Lhh @ the guys that quit talking to girls for no reason..
Thank you for including Eat Play Live into your great post today!
Wings lost in first round of playoffs. Boo!
Happiness is not in another place, but in this place... not for another hour... but this hour. - Walt Whitman
im trying to finish hw, if i DO then i will, if i DO NOT then i wont- aristotle
Caller to show explains PP has been her only access to family planning care in her rural area. She's relied on PP for 20 years.
Why the fuck bitches love Tyler the creator? Nigguh look like a baboon!
I'm just ready for dc here in about 3 months
I wanna give a S/O to , thanks for the follow (:
The best conversations happen late at night.
Peeked at my brackets, scared by my placements. Six more weeks of winter.
did you get my email about guest blogging for prior to your lecture at next week?
yea but jvg. Said only 1 time he had better team he raised his level but he not HOF but next. group below that.
Pish posh with all this #LBL talk. How bout that Sidi commercial on the british feed! Huh? Anyone? Ok....
you are truely a man of wisdom. Hate it when the girl is texting... I want to flip my table everytime
we are jealous. She is probably still sleeping.
he is, but this other guy is the one who is giving me the loan for the house im bout to buy
RT if you cant wait for 's new album #believe , I know I cant.(:
Sure. I'd like that.
RT new Floating Action record! My fave nc band releasing new album. When y'all come up to dc again, hit dangerosa up!
“: Life is like photography, we use the negatives to develop...” how cool is that
Top Reference Universe searches in March: 1. Brazil forest, 2. Chinese religion, 3. One-child policy
"Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. - Napoleon Hill Here's to taking action!
The Rise Against Concert is on the 23 :( I can't go. If it was later on in the year that'd be sick. Not right before prom /:
2012 im gonna learn to play my harmonica
Loving this gumdrop martini though..
please follow me! ur my inspiration. itd mean the world if u did <3
I do
Trust me (m 19 yrs), it's mutual respect & love u & Jake share that's key when u want 4ever.
Happy New Year's Eve to all of our fans & followers!
Dude - your blog... UTTERLY. FANTASTIC. Thanks for breaking down walls and sharing bro!
oh well......but I'm going tomorrow at walmart to get my CD
I think celebrating with a wine-and-magazine party would save you some paper towels and shame in the long run. ;)
that's my word u need to come to the Knicks son. Our backcourt suspect. Last time we had a respectable 2 Rudy was mayor kid
welcome to twitter, see you on the battlefield, xbox
aww what's wrong?
No problem friend!
Holy shit I'm going to kill someone If I don't eat soon!
It's always fun to incite a riot between my facebook friends.
You don't like me? .. It's ok I never obsessed over you for the past 3 weeks anyway
Its going 2 be a fabulous yr, well prepared professionals will make large fortunes.Don't let the last 2 yrs impact your belief in yourself.
that's straight
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😪
sounds like a pretty damn good idea right about now <3
I've never ate there before.
thanks! i think i have a few I took myself-maybe even a video of you from the AT&T Cup this year
#schoolmemories watching morning cartoons before heading out!
I am not sure it exists--but I would like to see a medical field bowtie
I mean you just pretty much upped our relationship. I thought Facebook was enough but this takes us to a whole notha level. Hah.
Just tried to install a receipt printer (for "better" print options) and it crashed the entire computer.
I wish my dog would stop licking my leg!
I can't believe I didn't set my line up in time. #Malkin is beating the #Lightning on his own.
Wondering if the JW Marriott at LA Live got any airtime in tonight's broadcast. Official hotel partner of the #Grammys: Hilton.
Clever legislator from GA introduces legislation that says men can only receive vasectomies when their health is in jeopardy.
how's Lamar, he needs to get it together, or he can kiss Basket Ball goodbye. #Lamarucandoit!
Got a Friday night off!! But we're headed to Stephenville to party at Bostocks Bar tomorrow night! Come on with it!! Cannot wait!
Congrats, Bob! Great news.
I know! We need a Western reunion soon!
Thank you to for sponsoring our Celebrity Poker Tournament...it means so much to us to have the support of #NFL Wives.
good question about the Taino ethnicity. I think you're right about it being a fuzzy issue concerning who defines ethnicity...
Good morning early birds
is about to come on the #tonightshow with #jayleno! Yes!!!! I heart Adam!
If Win Deal win rate is greater than cash win rate.....you have a problem
…"Sorry, our next issues will be delayed as we have to forge each page by hand…." hehe
New years eve plans? We have live music, dancing, no cover charge, champagne toast at midnight...come celebrate with us
LeBron shying away again when it matters the most
Am i the only person who is semi excited for the new jersey shore season?
I've missed you french macaroons!
My daddy picked us up in a stretched limo ;)
When takes your running shorts so she can have madison pride at roosevelt >>>>>>
hello everyone.... no i haven't disappered... all well... but busy...... looking forward to talking to everyone soon... drop me a tweet..
Ours too lol. My goal: go to nats and suck next year. Senior year, go to nats and AT LEAST break top 30;)
yes thanks for the Banner. We love it!!!
It's Friday to one of the longest weeks evar
......we also need a better class of visitor.....
Way to go mister!
You know your day sucked when the highlight is getting a slushy.
I do love my boots! Must be genetic ;) RT : Wacky Fact: Boots have been worn since around 3000 bc!
Happy Birthday!
dont stop loving him
Pardon the pun, but per usual, , I am left with much to chew on.
keep your thing with the radio station you have a lovley voice, check me out sometime on youtube Afficial Gorilla Posse
whats your Facebook address
Stop running ur mouth
but also one of Beck's most melodic albums. We Live Again is one of my favorite songs
“ Wake up ”| Ive been sleeping all day.
I know, hometown muskegonite is one of their good players. Unfortunately I don't own a UD Tshirt. Might have to get one.
Two words: Red Scorpion. Four words: Joseph Zito's Red Scorpion.
Hahaha RT I #missSKCsomuch that I started chanting "you can't do that" to my dog when she tried to eat my shoe
There are tones of voices that mean more than words.
aite i got u.
Yeah Thats What You Think :p
Reading criticism from the 1920s is like looking into an age where everyone knew so much but was so afraid to make bold conclusions.
Hi Shari, I think your account was hacked. Check your outgoing DMs!
The World Bank reaffirmed its support to put forward the cities agenda.
good interview/write up. Nice find.
The All Night Express are backstage. They mock the Young Bucks for not getting it done in the ring this week.
One of our greatest challenges is dressing our shape. Are you an hourglass, pear, triangle or apple?
Just finished a pre-pro session with the Director of Over-Awesome. Songs are sounding awesome!
WE need to make sure our constitutional rights are not usurped. TBR
HOLY CRAP. I made an A in this class by 1 point!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU SWEET BABY JESUS!
follow me!! please i luv u! ;)
I keep having the same dream :o
Well, that was weird. Google was down (!!) so I had to use Yahoo to run a search.
Uh oh, James didn't get a call he wanted - time to complain for the next 15 minutes.
I mean I'm gonna need a lot of support for this one guys.
What's going to happen on Jersey Shore tonight?????
Reluctant Yuppie is back at it again this Sat w/ #TheAudacityOfDope. Dope/Real Music all NIGHT. place: Tap & Parlour DC
If you have something built up in your mind, it's time to release, and let go.
Sold two photos! Woot!
can we add some vodka to it?
i'm doing good you lol
You are a very fortunate young man. Don't let your success impede your humility. Life is not lived in the winner circle.
I probably made a mistake, but whatever is meant to be, will be.
Thank you for your support! Good luck to you as well. Our journeys have just begun!
Listening to & do their movie thing on Film Soceyology now on
: want 2 free tickets to my concert on the 21st including free transportation and accommodatiI, go follow , done
It's over she got Colder now can't locate where her heart is...
Soho Met:Toronto - I thank you for the upgrade.
bout to watch tv, just followed some more ppl, follow me back please ;),,, i wont b a stranger
Don't judge a woman until you've walked a mile in her uncomfortable, totally impractical, high heeled shoes.
Purchasing Engineer - Marine Systems
It sucks when you know that those promises they make are going to be broken
There is inspiration to take from every situation we find ourselves daily, some use it as an opportunity to grow, others choose to ignore it
Only if we can stop pretending that Pineda's injury is devastating to this season
How's the acting biz going? I may shoot a feature this summer, still awaiting $$$$.
*King of England
Last chance to win $250 credit. Tweet the scariest place you've been and include #SilentHouse to enter
Neumann expected to announce run for Senate seat today.
thanks, thanks for tuning in! you rock!
happy go for broke day
Awesome. A little librarian in the making.
Hm... brat weather is upon us!
Glad you enjoyed! Heather is great!
Get paid for working at Lollapalooza and Spring Awakening and I get to get in for free on the days I dont work?! #YesPlease!
I'm not afraid of anything, but makes me tremble
uhh... so is school over yet?
straight up
What happened to r&b groups like the 90s?
Poised Creation is committed to helping efficient non-profit organizations attack social welfare problems!
not constitutional, Dale. s/b politically suicidal..voters themselves approved for arts, clean water and natural resources.
Thanks for the mention. How did you get the image in your tweet?
Yeah I think they had to finish something on ABC before they could put the game on there so they started it on ESPN.
Hello there! :) It was really good. And beach was *amazing* except the water was way way too cold! Brrr! LOL How was ur trip?
Easiest way to simplify your life. Correct.
I think the question was supposed to address the 2012 survey, which polled 212 students
following =D
Off to Kohls with & p2d2 to pick out my valentines day gift. Bow-chica-bow-wow!
With another dollop of awesome on top.
Volunteers needed for career panels at South HS next Wed/Thurs at 7:45 and 9:10. Can you help?
That is a great request!LOL
We saw what happened tonite. Its what his problem has been for years. Its not changing because of Petco or Black
its a new day to change your old ways
get me some waffle fries and coke to drink!
V$VP MOB were JEREMY SCOTT ADIDAS THEM JUNTS HIGH AS FUCK I BEEN TRYEN TO COPP SOME OF THEM JUNTS FOUR AWHILE
Why not raise money for charity through the licensing of Olympic gear? Give the money to the folks who need it the most.
Hey everybody! Our iPhone app is live and ready to download... for FREE!!!
I hate the single life~
My damn school makin us PAY for ours! I'm like"You know how hard I worked for this shit?!" -___-
when your droppin your next project?
Survived another #SXSW, music bacchanal. Saw 88 shows in 4 days and still have a list of 30+ acts I wanted to see, but couldn't get to -:)
Hey guys, I'm just a fellow producer. I love your stuff and was hoping I could get a few tips from you?
But why are YOU listening? And acting like they matter?
I'm in Bloomington (southern IN).
Just think somewhere in Kenya, a welcome parade is being prepared for the FAKE President
Got my hopes up for nothing 😔
": Listening to music = cure for being sad or angry because it says things we can't ourselves"
awesome. we'll need to get together then for sure!
I dont know if he is doing this tonight but #Hunteriswanted at section 212 row/box H seats 27, 28, 29,& 30. Please come I love
These presentations are supposed to be 2 minutes long. Does anyone know that?
To understand life and finances, this person has ALL the answers --->>>
Strong speculation Manning is being offered minority ownership after he retires, Broncos can't compete w/ that
#Guayaki San Mateo brew pull me out of this allergy funk so I can kick my arss in the gym. Workout time!
hey where ya been!?
i will be okay.
Friends are there for you no matter what drinking buddies are there when theres a supply of liquor
I really wanna watch teenage mutant ninja turtles right now lol
What are the sunglasses you are wearing in Layover LA episode? So cool.
if i were rich i would fly to the west coast to see this eclipse, annular solar is the only eclipse i haven't seen, i will someday tho!
No, Reverb Nation, Good Evening does not want to submit for a chance to play at Warped Tour 2011, thank you.
4:20 baby! Blodwyn is celebrating of course!!! Hear me snoring in your dreams?!?!?! Wet!
RT : "Many marriages would be better if the husband and the wife clearly understood that they are on the same side." - Zig
No biggie! I'm off work today and was going to reach out to you since I hadn't heard from you anyway. :)
Wow thanks for taking care of me while I'm sick,ily to :'( I always take care of u while ur sick who will take care of me? When's my turn?
the spurs to win it get your predictions out now.. better investment on your opinion.
They say what doesn't kill us makes us stronger. If that's true, by the end of this week my name will be Hercules!
": Funny how some bitches hate bitches for being bitches.. - " I miss you
#WaysToMakeMeHappy be honest with me
Masters Home Improvement Uses Oracle Retail Platform to Support New Business Growth
Thanks for the follows!
12 Days o'Twitter: On 12th day of Twitter true love gave to me 12 friends on FACEBOOK 11 apps for iPhone camera 10 press passes for Obama...
#Indians have no guaranteed contracts past this year. Dolan looking to sell? where you at!
#AskIL13 How will candidates protect a women's right to have an abortion as prescribed by Roe v. Wade?
Buy One Get One FREE! Limited Time! Greendawg All Natural Shampoo! 1-800-286-4849 "The Best Dog Shampoo On Earth"
cont..Provide opportunities. to apply content to hands- on-real world projects/experiences.Strengthen neural pathways.
Yes it is tomorrow! Hope you can make it!
Paramahansa Yogananda~ The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
Family Day at Chrissy Field! Enjoy a beautiful day with a walk and some fresh air with or family & friends.
#IAlwaysWonderIf anyone actually reads my tweets.
at church .❤
thanks for the tweet. It was a nice change for to hit the road to go out and meet locals. //
DO WE CALL YOUR CELL OR SKYPE #? :) RT : If you wanna skype then call me! I'm on my phone and my camera doesn't work though:(
Well good.
I become disintrested fast
Feeling so blessed - loving these last days of summer with my family. God is so good, all the time.
This morning I won a leadership book called "Taking People With You" from goodreads.com giveaways!
Onshore suppliers should be held to the same social standards, financial management, and quality as LCC offshore suppliers.
So happy to have it and at such a great price. No suggestions for improvement right now :-)
It has taken me an hour to get to work and my gps says I still have 15 minutes ....OMG!!!
I wrote a parody to Just in Time about congress cause I don't like either sides behavior Go to my facebook wall for video. Thanks Congress!
You do such a good job reciting the poem! :) Thanks for sharing it with me sweetie!
I get so many headaches
Being gay is not a choice!!!! Why do people thing it is?? ugh
Are you coming to the meeting? What meeting? The meeting! Oh, no idk what ur talking about. Oh... sorry.
Eastbay says they're not :(
Smiling because I can. Blessed
Rubio's participation in a state Bar that targets the disabled & Autism ppl for BIG abuses will be a campaign albatross for Romney.
With all the wind lately the aftermath has left my #skin dryer than the desert in which I live! For relief I reach 4 's #creme28!
While Your In Her Bed Im In Your Head . Maybe You Should Thought Twice Stupid -.-
#Redskins news here first at
Thinking to myself, hey isn't this easy.
hahha seriously trypin all extra hard about to break keys
I'm impressed you can remember what you were doing a week ago!
Up now is Arne Kalleberg from UNC to talk about work & labor markets in NC, bringing in the sociological aspects of structural unemployment
I agree! More people need to wake up and vote! RT//" ... We need to get into the streets! We outnumber 'em"
What happened to us? I feel like I lost u over the years </3
Kenyon in the house. I DMd you, but maybe I did it wrong.
After a few slow weeks, its great to be back on set! Today, Private Practice, tomorrow, Graceland.
that was shitty.
Please tell me you watch Breaking Bad, it's literally Malcolm in the Middle meets crystal meth
You I NEED
Lin had me cheering on the Knicks subconsciously. I had to catch my self a couple times.
Cool ur nice very nice thx for staying on to me
Spotted on Jerusalem street: car with "clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose" bumper sticker. #FridayNightLights as Shabbat reference?
Thanks for the #FF love!
IWITOT is headed to Binghamton University on November 12th for our "Always SUNY" Tour. Mike Lembo headlining the party. $10 shirts!
I just want to say girl u look good to me ALL the time
Also, this may be the most important book I have read in a long time. I will tell you what it is when I am done.
haha I just haven't got on Skype (:
casual Fridays always put a smile on my face
Hahahahaha stop you know I love you and my run good must be all gone...right?
Day 2 #dml2012, checking out a session on Exploring Locality, using custom made social networks to connect local students.
Yes, and not only bitching, but ALWAYS bitching about eachother and how worthless the other one is. It's like, grow a pair.
It literally took us all day to make this cake.
nice write-up on Jimmer yesterday. unbiased and truthful. well done.
Knock KnockWho's there !Alexander !Alexander who ?Alexander friend are coming over !
You did.
Don't try and bring me down... You will get tired really fast. I am stronger than most. And nothing will stop me.
Shady is the jam! Would be the coolest single.
ima take a picture of it watch
my man crush hahah Im very high on this guy BIG fan, he would make one handed catches like CRAZY , he will b one1 wr 4miami soon
howdy folks
. right, wasn't at all directed at you or your tweet, but at common reaction to statement
I have some too!! ha ha
I have some news on a presentation SANDAG is doing on NACTO that I haven't had time to post yet. Hope to late tonight or early tomm
Most want to learn how to attract someone and forget about learning what is required for a lasting relationship.
No need to apologize! Thanks for the info hun :-)
Except it's cold here!
For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation. It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.
thanks for reminding me that one should fix the primary problem instead of coming up with harebrained 'solutions.'
Hate to admit, that was a sick INT by the #Ravens. Not sure I got this pass...
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOUR "COOL STORY BRO" SHIRT<3
Yes! We want to hear about Erin and all your #volunteer heroes!
That's almost as bad as Beyonce doing Feria commercials wearing weave.
20 more minutes,
iPad #snagfilms documentary films streamed for free.
now 7 officially requested runoff elections in NC, still just 1 requested recount
Hi Jim please tell me your tweet about missing your mom is just you have not seen her for a while. Prayers either way. Talk to me
Right now, fear no one. Come October I'd be scared of everyone.
when will your songs be on iTunes in the US??
#JRBourne on #Fringe tonight!! Heavy sigh...
Happy mother's day :-) I love u mom
aw I know
great! if you have any questions about the city or the process let me know.
Anyone else have recurring dreams about putting in contacts?
Rumbi Island Grill: Brown rice bowl. Extra chicken, light on the teriyaki sauce and lots if Sriracha.
I do what I can for my fellow Canadians. =) Plus, you're rad!
NOTE: "Consent in International Arbitration" by Andrea M. Steingruber is scheduled to be published June 15, 2012.
we are excited! Lee is still mixing. Shouldn't be too long :)
Bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe
I love mankind; it's people I can't stand. Charles M. Schulz
Me , and Are SHUFFLIN everyday.
line editing stuff due Friday at midnight
make sure you follow there will be 10 cases waiting for you in Milwaukee at your show.
Q from tonight's class (the last of the semester): "Is anyone worried about anything related to the Internet, or is it all good?"
lol. found it. just after zach crean. :)
no not Ville. But the chances of making Tyler my boyfriend is higher. Hahahaha
enlighten me. don't make it gross.
AMIA's Digital Asset Symposium. Geared up for Warner Bros. tech ops VP to give the keynote.
Harden thinking bout that elbow..
Is that the Latin spelling?
all i can smell is beer.
#IfIWasJustinForADayIWould I would still be the same person help others out and write more music and have fun
World Pasta Day! "As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay."--Michael Chang Throw in garlic bread and I'm sold. :)
Well their pitchers are that bad.
I need to stop retweeting things. xD
then its gonna be 28 and snow after the wind they had and rain.
the hospItal
League of Their OWNED: The Detroit Lions Story
We like the sound of that ;) Lol RT Drinkin a cold glass of #M :)
“: lol just for that I'm punching your husband next time I see him!” at your wedding??”// yes! He's not a bleeder is he?
I know I just can't wait
Many thanks, Megan. So glad I got the opportunity to meet you. Wishing you all the best.
This would be an awesome coming home gift. Still in awe over that double save.
“For every dark night, there's a brighter day” Tupac Shakur
You know your social networking site is in bad shape when you're sending out emails pleading for users to look at things <1000 ppl viewed.
I should name my playoff team The Donkey!
where do you wanna go to college?
Richarino with the goal for , extending lead to 6-2 over
cool thanks. I didn't bother to view the source.
Devastating conversation with  please don't be true!! #whatarewegoingtodonextyear?!
Yup. RT : The Avengers: Best after-credits scene ever.
WHAT ARE YOU EVEN TALKING ABOUT!?
such kind words. Let me know what kind of rings you and Kevin got so I can get a matching one.
true story</3
Santorum: We're going to have to win on vision." biggest issue of day: govt robbing us of our fundamental freedom
...the other just seems to take watever he wants. one is kind and respectful, the other is rude and disrespectful, both wen to my old...
On the real though, if doesn't drop anything soon, I'm flying to LA, finding out where he records, and HACKING that shit all up!
Newt Gringrich is using the old Hulk Hogan theme music for his entrance, just hilarious. Apparently, Newt is a "real American".
There's some projects & I are cooking up - you may be a perfect fit for Team
To live silently while others speak loudly doesn't mean your vote is casted in silence - Don Swann.
RT Today I start my diet
hey, it was a joint effort between me n joe, i did the first one then he came up with the awesome, very elaborate, second one haha
Just finished shooting a different tv show, with Jerry Springer! Super nice and funny guy too!
Ready to go home!!!!!! *DaKota MERCINARIES VP*
NYC ed struggles: closing schools-lots already closed, many more on their way.
On my Adele this AM
No late hit call for Timmy?
Hey.. How Was Your Day?(: even though you wont respond to this..
Introducing a teen to "classic" (ha!) Maroon 5. Kids these days have no appreciation for good music.
At Imagine: how creativity works with Jonah Lehrer. I will try to tweet some points.
We had the best record again in bball, won our division again, had the top seed again, that's all that matters, yo" -Carlos Boozer-
Falling to my knees cause I've been chasing a lie. I wanna break your heart too, lead you on enough to drop you. Heartaches and mistakes...
Superintendent words to change schools : attendance, engagement, transformation, parent involvement, commitment.
thanks for the encouragement! gonna keep working hard :)
7 followers away from 1,000 let's get more than 7 new followers....
jaw:floor ... oh the times I wish it was socially acceptable to punch someone
if you could do a commercial for any product, what would you choose?
I'm not an avid tweeter yet. Just saw this now. Thanks!
is not for real, is it? (someone please convince me that it is!)
Final cut done?
Let's go columbus its time to party
Welcome change emerging in your life with a trusting heart ♥ knowing that change is working on your behalf!
yea it actually does!
RT if ur favorite movie is The Lying Game
It's 's Bday too!! RT “: Don't forget to wish a Happy Birthday! It is tuesday #smbme”
new favorite game...the game of things
that's not what I believe bro. John 3:16
We could call them Oppression Codes.
Cain states he will be making an endorsement shortly.....
Thanks for writing a lovely article about us! Hope to keep in touch.
post instant location-based classifieds on our free app, perfect for mobile food trucks!We'll show you tomorrow @ 57degrees
RT Is officially a blue jay!! #creighton #gojays. WELCOME!!!!
heyy what's up??
We use organic grapes because plants treated with pesticides tend to produce less Resveratrol.
'No arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is as formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women.' Ronald Reagan
cool beans ~
justin bieber definitley have no swag ...chris brown does
Hey thanks, Casey! Best way to start our Monday. RT --- My windows are amazing
SGT Slaughter Hosts Raw, and the O's are home tonight against the Oakland A's gotta love Monday nights!!, and thats an oredeerrrrrr!!
Photos,Ramblings, and Recipes: Day 6: You
Birthday Friday..Vegas wedding Saturday and Sunday..Anyone down for a road trip Saturday? :-)
Last was awesome! Eat. Shopping. Karaoke. :).
Shame on my for not realizing that was Harry Dean Stanton in the #Avengers. I blame it on the dim 3-D.
350/200 running good so far. Won a bunch of small pots and one big one. K4cc>t5cc when we both rivered flush. I had the nut.
Heading to see Horrible Bosses. Wonder if it will be as funny as Bridesmaids.
I get no camera time! Which is good cause you know me. Haha
Jesmyn, wonderful to meet you at the #LATFOB! I'm reading SALVAGE THE BONES as soon as I've met the deadline for my next novel!
At this point, I'm just eating chocolate to feeling SOMETHING lol
Um, yes -- please! RT Maybe we just have to open an actual store in Carmel :)
that looks EXACTLY like a zune player!
An unorthodox Follow Wednesday for , aka Brian M. Rosenthal, as he tackles the #Seattle #education beat for The Seattle Times
A person's right to vote exists regardless of whether or not they hold an ID in their hand
You should follow for Coupons and Free Samples!
I wish they had flying yoga in KC!
ooohhh lol well very nice i like ;)
IF YOU TWEET ME AUSTIN IS AMAZING I'LL RT YOU WE GOTTA TREND THIS
thx for the S/O!! Curious how you found out about ?
Curation: "Stripping out the crap"
Thanks Dan and Gregory!
sorry folks! my account was hacked!
Thanks for the follow Friday Kiri!
www.pittsburghprofessionalconnection.com is live! Send us your feedback!
I'm out @ 3 I though
#ASM membership is "old, white, and male".
You cant speak Italian just because you have a mustache.
lol!! when I need a good laugh you make it happen:)
off of the lion king
Who will score the game winning OT Goal?
I <3 DANCE
I'll text youu after school !
did you tweet that from your throne?
text me
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage Rick Ross's receipt at KFC
everytime I'm at my parents they run out of toilet paper.
Thank god for netflix and red box
I don't even know what that means--hospitals? Libraries? Your home? Where is human life unaffected?
True love doesn't have a happy ending, because true love doesn't have an ending.
YOU KNOW IT'S A 100 DEGREES OUTSIDE WHEN UR FINGERNAILS START BURNING
good look for the website link
#hbrchat - freedom to fail is the mindset of an artist, not an investor. Business-types are investment-minded.
I have the best life. Ever.
Rappers & Singers Get Discovered (NY, Metro)
Loving the rain! All is need is some popcorn and mug of Mexican hot chocolate and my will be complete.
Chavez Jr ends round Three, putting it on Rubio
Check out an interview with "I Spit on Your Grave" director Steven R.Monroe in this months Empire Magazine!
android = bad. ios = good.
don't bring up my Longhorns...any game but that
Let's make this day productive!
rebound chick remix is dope cant stop listen to it
CAN PEOPLE FROM MY PAST PLEASE JUST STAY THERE?!?!
It's bad luck not to come to on Friday the 13th and it is your lucky night - Smoot Mahooty is playing 6:30-9:30pm
Started reading CATCHING FIRE last night. I didn't get a chance to read much, thanks to a cranky toddler, but I liked what I read!
Stay tuned to the Facebook tomorrow morning for information on how you can win a pair of Super Fan passes for Pensacola Beach!
Congrats on the funding... looking forward to finding out whats in store here. Cheers!
WOW it was just announced there is a Hurricane warning for Pittsburg PA tonight
#IN primary election day is my Twitter-versary. Happy 2 Years to you and me
It's another name for binky.
I want to thank you guys for meeting with us last night and we look forward to working on the webpage w/ you guys
Hey guys it's Chelsi Archambeau, Chelsi Anne. Just letting you know I changed my name on here to ChelsiheartAnne!!! ♥
Words with Friends is making me a lousy wife & mother....my husband won't let me install it on his phone for fear we'll never shower or eat.
Or to ask for some kind of copy of the object. At any rate, I have more memorabilia now than ever before. Sam.
Hair w black gel blowdry. Lve few days. Undo VERY carefully,rattail comb, take small curliron & spiral e/othr strand
God is Good ..
you see loni just binked another circuit ring in new Orleans. Motivating me so bad to go take down a tourny
LOL and I almost got ran over and this dude had the nerve to flip us off??
New Fre$h BlueMonster layout up, check it out!
Watch out for that mixtape "Soul Candy"
thanks well definitely take a look! Good luck
Born To Lose, But I Die To Win...
Niggas wanna get laid I gotta get paid$$$$$
Visiting campus? #ClassVisits end Nov 18th! Self-guided tours will be offered. AdmissionsReps are avail. to answer questions!
Laying down, twitter, drake = my life. (:
What airline are you on???
is Cincy employing the hack-a-Craft?
heya sweetness! LOL thanks, at least that's a change of track... cuz I can't stand anymore sweet green icing flowing down
Fuck you Best Buy & you Walmart can just fuck off. Thanks for ruining my #blackfriday fun
Of course ! RT spread the word... check out who rocked it on #thevoice last night xo
i have 59 new texts and it's really too stressful i just don't even want to read them :'-(
Attn everyone! Very important. RT So just informed me that today is Hug Your Cat Day. Good to know.
Have #Florida #Kentucky #NCState & #UNC in my
Happy mother's day, !
how salty will you be when Eli has more rings that his older bro???
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
Anyone ever walk down to the subway when its warm? Its like descending into the mouth of a 30,000 yr old dragon with BAD morning breath.
“: It only takes a split second to do something you'll regret for the rest of your life.” so damn true.
dare you :) #gobuckeyes RT : Seriously thinking about walking into the buckeye bar with my Michigan gear on
Nah. Imma dwnlwd that crud. Esp if the Hulk is not Ed Norton.
Bad Preds turnover rinne saves the day
I'm overwhelmed w/the combo of an open Sunday timeframe and the endless possibilities of a beautiful, sunny-glorious SoCal day.
Wherein does it cause harm? I'd rather have more class, lest tests.
Just need one more person to fill out my survey!!! Woo!! In Spanish.
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 10
just brought the little one and mumma back from hospital. Big day in front of the tv. Go Giants!
I believe I have finally shown why is the best part of the
Anyone still using a Palm Pilot deserves points for persistence ;)
I am not actually involved with anything tomorrow: just wanted to promote!
By the way if UNC is in the #FinalFour you will see me next weekend :)
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit - Aristotle.
Thank Larissa J and Sarah L!!! You both rock. thanks for showing the sweet love!!
single publisher seeing 7 figures from private marketplace efforts - wow
