I only feel like myself these days when I am wrapped in tweed.
a storms a brewin in the city of milwaukee.
do I know you or
This is drama
Your Pippen and he Jordan.. with out him you aint nothin..
i just ate a unicorn ..., jk there too pretty to eaat l0l0llllz
No, the content is already written.
It's something we've been hearing about recently, but Fong articulated it so well. Bring on the books!
...if you're like me and temporarily out of white wine, try diet coke."
It took getting to #DSum12 in #Atlanta, but it's a pleasure to *finally* meet fellow #Indianapolis marketing pro,
hm... Lemme think
Thanks for the great years. Keep being the voice of sanity in whatever work you do. Also, lobby for McGriff to be in C'town.
Don't trust words. Trust actions. I got enough action for days *Smiles*
I keep my business , my business only my success shall leak in the streets .
I just saw the Immortals it was was like the greatest movies ever, but it was weird, cause kermit was in there and miss piggy and the guy fr
I fux with people who can do backflips.
Great job on SAB I loved it. cant wait to see what happens next week
Time for bed amount
Candle lit nights are only cool 2 nights in a row. Going on 3... I want my DTE! (you like that play on letters?) and I was born in 87 ;)
Follow you won't regret it!!!!!! Romo is amazing!! So cute and fluffy
seriously in a class with one kids all throughout middle school and I told him what door to go through...bitch didn't remember me
Happy Monday! Steak and shrimp for lunch?
Receive information concerning the hazards of moving and their recommended safe practices.
Not that I ever mind watching walk by.
I have 5 fingers on my ring hand; therefore, I'm marrying one direction.
On the 210!!! Good Morning!!!
This is just the best show on tv!!
St. Michael's has a very good website. Easy to navigate, straight forward, easy to find stuff.
sometimes 2 hours depends on the church but they are not short.
Why? Perhaps the woman should just rethink where she is employeed?
Sen. Pat Toomey: "I am confident Gov. Romney will...return our country to the conservative principles that make our nation great."
hahaha. You need to get your followers up brah. You a producer whats going on? I will promo you :)
you have to do it and I can be a testimonial! At the very least, have them check a game out then do summer!
Yes, there are definitely other adjectives we could use here.
Don't tell anybody, but when I learned they built a in Mayfield Heights I squealed alot...and almost drove off the road.
you should go see act of valor
Never Say You Can't Do It Until You Try It. ***Itz Time To Take Affirmative Action***
RT :The amount of alcohol on my breath could kill bugs or midgets. #vacation // Enjoy...cheers!
soo many pornstar followers... you are not alone!
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide,London, Dublin, Casablanca, Lisbon, Reykjavik Stayi Alive! Time toSUCK FACE BABY!!! OH HELL YEA!!
": Going home today, gotta start this homework" knock it out!! Hard work pays off
Just got the new spoiler installed...lip for a on on Wednesday!
what can u do? Nothing!
Big day! Tommy Shriver won the 6th grade turkey trot race at his school!!
ah just woke up ☺
ouups.. look at my icon.. we're kissing. Thihihhii. Love you!
Parent trap is on... Best movie! The butler is my favorite character.
yep, it's time for the biting and punching from the press.
awesome. right when I wanted milk with my donuts....It's frozen. COOL!
Hanging out at the pool watching cutie pies watch me...
in that game. Yes. But if #SportingKC is online I'm staying home...
your welcome, looking forward to ur tweets:-)
I know that when you make a bunch of money illegally you should keep a low profile
Alan Berkman also spent his internship year in med school treating victims of Attica uprising.
That's a wrap on the show for today! Check back with Troy tomorrow at 10am for all of your #MiamiHeat coverage on 640 Sports.
HB1136 on the Senate floor
Didn't get a name for this weed i copped, but ima call it "Rain Cloud Kush" Blackish, ashy buds and shit. But it smokes good haha
need help in the back line? That's quite laughable.
OMG... Now he is a certified Magical Negro! The award says so!!! Congrats Morgan
I wonder who will be our 900th follower...
ross bro!!
Why not capture Osama instead of kill him? Why did they wait since last summer to raid the compound?
My chocolate cravings are absolutely out of control during finals time
pork skins...yummy
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 55F FAIR
There are other issues afoot. It's on the "gov amended" list. We're not there yet.
Nothing like working from bed on a cold Wednesday morning. I haven't done this in a long time.... And I'm not sick!
i cant wait!!!!
YOU are hilarious!
You DID?! I didn't hear that part. Hell yeah! You bad.
Stop by Diva Soho to watch the game today!! (6pm Uruguay vs Peru) (8:00p Mexico vs Chille)
Yes. Very sad, and organizational structure still doesn't value museum educators
your poor voice
I love Jordan Summer
nuff said Big Red! Too damn funny#Go Kings
Even Michelle winced at that milk joke. In POTUS' defense, Malia swore it was her best material.
I think I will cancel my next flight and drive the 800 miles. That way I can keep my shit!
That's it I'm convinced. My mom loves her pups more than me 😔 too bad her mothers day gift is non fucking refundable 😒👿
too bad #Julia doesnt have a rich daddy.
Lowkey salty I'm not makin it to see at skullys on weds... some shit always happen, everythime he's in columbus
-in my clique. You are recieving this email because I think you have what it takes. TALK TO NO ONE ABOUT THIS. Or else. Luh-ve, Massie."-
OPA searches & catalog records can be shared via email & social media! And users can register to do tagging!
I think all of is! What a cutie. Keep us posted on Tinyguy's new name!
How many times will I watch The Departed? Getting ridiculous #loveit "two pills..why don't you just get me a bottle a scotch & a handgun"
heheh i'm happy 2 hear that ! :) heheh it's owkaay ♥ >> how was your day ?? xox
u comin to Rochester n.y.?!
#guesswhatiheard i know 1 of my b-day presents. i heard my aunt she is going to give me tickets i only get to bring one person
The only way Wikipedia articles get better is when people with knowledge share content. Go for it!
Because he's BRILLIANT! lmao
I'm at Traffic Court challenging a ticket I got in June
Hunger Games holding onto #1, Titantic 3D and American Reunion battling it out... I think Leo/Kate will take it.
Students use Wikipedia first but do not cite it in their papers
:{ you serious?!
Do not use "Whoomp! There it is!" unless it actually is there
if you want to use it in the future! :)
We didn't present at the middle schools, just had a table outside the caf. Was great to see him! :D
Let's Go TEXANS!!!!!
awesome news! Please let me know if you ever visit Seattle! Didn't have chance to connect with you last Sat...
Education Update
An update to my Flash player is available! Cool!!
It's weird how a cute little puppy walking into my room can make me feel better ☺🐶
¡Horalé New York! Of course Latinos support gays. Haven't you seen the colors in our custom paint jobs?
Everything isn't for everybody. If every basketball fan could get in the NBA, who would sit in the stands? Who'd buy the jerseys?
He's only 1 kitty. Will you have availability June 5 - 11?
True that!
And happy mother's day (if applicable) to you Colleen!
missed this earlier, r u still out and about? Come to 1517 Marion St, NW BTW P & Q & 6th & 7th
TY! How was your visit? RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square () (2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College Blvd,...
Fina Gt Out N A Few Gotta Pay Dese Tickets
Long day...I need to charge my phone & have a cold one
Did you play the Bigge song "Going Back To Cali" on the plane?
Don't stick your tongue out unless you plan to use it.
Things get lost in the winds. What is important is as air.
Back from my college trip...home sweet home : D
Sleepover tonight w !¡
lol u kno it!! Maybe u will see some Hawks players there. Lol! They like to go there too.
follow back again? [x lol I don't even remember unfollowing you? O.o
you should visit! It's so beautiful right now. I stopped 5 times on my run to take pics, not very productive.
About to head out to our shoot today with !
This nigga think he clean your snapback fake and you got on uspa non cool
Nikki's party was Amazing! BEST NIGHT EVER!<3(:
Big announcement on the Today Show tomorrow from ! Thoughts?
Senator Brown has volunteered to be the Simple Child.
Big road win for the last night. Notice the assist differential. When you move the ball around good things happen.
yeah sure go ahead be a jerk... cause thats how you get your way in life. I SWEAR GUYS ARE CRAZY! -_-
Wednesdays are great days for me to meet for breakfast or dinner.
FINALLY FUCKING DONE
dont worry about people who dont like you focus on people that do!!
Ignore ignorance. Calling someone classless and a female dog in the same sentence doesn't show class. Don't let it bother you.
How are you all ?
A great time last night at Mulligans 64. Going downtown early for the grizzlies game.
sadly, I would agree and I think I have also seen that statistic. Developmental Delay encompasses many "things" in this group
What up peeps
On the plane headed to #sfaa11. Can't wait to be in Seattle. Going home is awesome. (^v^)
happy 30th of april.
How'd it go today?
LADIES earn $ at THE EROTIC .com for more info 310-806-2123
trying not to freak out about the angry guy in an army surplus coat doing tai chi and 'geometric exercises' at the airport.
followed back! =) did you get a chance to check out my music?! =D
The street tacos just happened to be at the bar w/ my fave jukebox. I was mostly craving my fave jukebox. But...
Pitti: There are two degrees of separation from J. Robert Oppenheimer to Groucho Marx, through T. S. Eliot.
I feel ya girl, I feel ya
Saturdays! Rain or Shine going to be a packed night! Come through if you have no plans. & Get It
enjoying the sound of the Eric Schneider trio and reminiscing about Ted and Helen Peterson
wants to be a Muppet. Not sarcastically, either.
The pod is always better when Rog and Mickey sit down in the same room.
hook your hand after. Keep it up. RT nd a follow plz.
haha i wouldnt pay 2 dollars to look at mrs precious !
Only 22 days till Halloween...woo who
hey guys if i'm not following you back hit me with a tweet and i'll be sure to do it!
And sometimes it's simply a choice between working for the money to pay rent and eat or volunteering.
"No iPods in school" yeah, like Eminem is gonna rap me the answers.
Ok you're like the 3rd person I know that recently went down in a skating ring lol.
Never mind. Nash st was a bust. Just walk to
Can I get more Followers. Can you pass that on cause I have been on the low of followers. Thanx you
Folding - Now get to baking!
shag rag!
i'll just fire games vs you, not sure about anything like that
Getting ready to meet up with Gonna be a good night! Lets do this!
Snails see the benefit, the beauty in every inch.
Have already reached my weight loss goal for the week...time to recalculate.
Romeo & Juliet head ass . Lol sorry . But honestly if the person means do much . You'll go through whatever it takes :)
So, the same players who were picked in the top 3 in the draft also finished in the top 3 of the Heisman vote.
LMAO quit reporting and start cheering.
damn mane my bre is grown now :(
Do not believe in talking about your work. Let it speak for itself. I'd rather earn money than just speak about my business.
Thinking about failed city planning in Denver this evening for over an Elk Mountain Wapiti Wheat at
Hey! Miss you too! I'm doing pretty good. I just got home yesterday from visiting my grandpa in Florida. How are you? =)
Thinking about picking up a bike and bar mount. have you tried one?
edit: she says "ducks don't have a throat or esophagus." how do these people pass science classes?
had to pull a card and now all I here is *crickets*.....
le cry! Luckily for you is making Sunday open to the public (-:
Yea....He puts it down on "Love Is Stronger Than Pride!!"
Which was your favorite? Trick question. The 4 from me. Duh.
They r talking about race on LaLa's court I say hey date whoever makes u happy but happy 2 c Lala trying to prove Hino wrong :)
#Brokenhearted by is #19 on Ryan Seacrest's American Top 40 Radio :)
This data plan <<<
Call backs are being made....stay tuned!
Somebody cooked food and brought it in to work guess who's not eating any.
Embracing spring by purchasing patio furniture- on sale, of course! Tonight it's wine and grilling out back.
Hey! Alma Mater's playing on national TV; that's not something you see every day.
Lack of sleep make you feel tired and affect your eating habits. Adequate sleep is essential for your overall health and well-being.
just got done with an exceptionally successful social meeting at Engine 11.
Isabela calls ours "squid" and spritzes it judiciously.
Yeah, I reserve right to decide someone's not being stright & split. Deal, dude. You've decided you are the arbiter of a lot of >
Sarah Parcak: We found 3100 new archeological sites in Egypt undiscovered using the space-archeology techniques.
Chillin before work tomorrow
lookin for the kings to win this series over phx just because i went to a game when i was in LA
Sites we love: - we'd love you to follow us too!
”Never try to teach a pig to sing: it wastes your time and it annoys the pig.” - Paul Dickson
Just send an email to with the details. Thanks! CC:
RT - The cleveland indians need to go ahead and win something this year
follow me ? Pleasseeeeeeee (:
RT Golf yesterday, 4 inches of snow today. Gotta love Colorado in the springtime.
Just had a 30 second discussion with myself about the day of the week. I came to the conclusion that it's Wednesday not Tuesday
oh well Sunny is a million times better than YOU!!!
"WAIT FOR IT.. WAIT FOR IT..... THERE IT IS!!" Everytime this dude walks past lmfao... everytime.
bring on the sunshine, the hell with the red wine, pour me some moonshine;
Thanks for the follow!
oh. I guess when you block someone it takes them off the TL. Good. Lol.
Back at Hadlock for the the first day of the final homestand......my first tweet from work. Oh, this is an exciting way to spice up my day.
He's racking up the awards! My client Len Rosen's thriller, ALL CRY CHAOS was chosen as a "10 Must Read 2012" by Mass Book Awards. Go, Len!
Hot day in Oklahoma 106
oh yay! Have fun! I'm sure you'll love it XD
As we all continue shake our heads at the VMAS, I continue to laugh...
where do u live?
I enjoy walking up to ppl getting their full attention for no reason and walking away
we have a free report that will help you screen a property early in the transaction for env. risks rather than later!
#NeverShouldYouEver get mad at me for not txtn back you txtd all slow and shit my fone doesnt work with fossil minutes.
some people who work for espn are tweeting about it, so far I've seen and
where you at?? We are out side the entrance.
Omg this beer thing is freaking me out!
I told u Instant Pay was fun. Now its time 4 u n ur friends to get sexy bout it.
Uh oh, Indiana is on top.
Jay Leno show is really dumb. Trust us, you're way better off at the bar.
love your new twitter page! :)
ya think!!!
5 Lovely Followers Away From 300! Do You Think One of You Fabulous Followers Could Give me a Shoutout? (:
Here, here!
“: I think that we need a Firefly reunion!! ! Can you say Sangria?!?! ” let's set itup
it's ok to tweet ur lines. rt Filming today on a brand new TV project. Only problem is... woke up w no voice! Oh crap!
in the last month, SB has been tipped in varying forms such as: alcohol,cash, gum,brownies,pizza,and commercial fireworks...We dig this gig
<333 love you
Virus knocked out my windows box. Ubuntu live cd and a thumb drive recovered all my files. Wife letting me install Linux for good!
Nothing good last forever , why thooo.
Ran my #5k in 22:38. Last mile ran pissed cause a guy cut me off. Chased him down passed him & yelled at him at the finish line.
Haha! Me too, I share your enthusiasm for not winning! RT : YAY. I WON NOTHING.
this is awesome
oh boy! An absolutely stunning engagement ring regardless!
There's no chance the movie Lockout w/ Guy Pearce & the annoying blonde from Lost is going to be any good.
That's gory
Lebron James is really good in the clutch
Want to watch a sporting event instead of pregame talk? #Mammoth game against airs on at the top of the hour.
When we aren't watching a movie first period <
Thinks Joshua 24 is really legit! Are you going to serve idols or serve God?
I don't think this many black men have ever been in Radio City at the same time, but anyway congrats to all the NFL draftees!
Level 8 is ridiculous! I only know Best Buy!
If you like my work please like this page. Help support me in finding foster/rescues homes!
Lots of actors moving to LA, it seems. Is it a smart move for you?
Travis of course.
Birthday shopping for me!!! Yay.
Yes. Yes they do.
finally used this twitter crap again after over a year. And....?
Good night sacramento. Should be a beautiful day in the river city. Old Sacramento, trains, and the river. #awesome come out!
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim.
I never understood why people always got mad when they heard about someone talking behind their back...
Don't think I've ever seen a low seed, nevermind an 8, dispatch of the top two seeds this handily.
#Simpsons 500th episode = free cake in the Cafe....thanks !
There is no #carmageddon, but there will be an aPOPcalypse in Hollywood starting August 4th, lead by a Beelzebub with a voice like butter.
i wish they had a fitness area in our local park, like a chin up bar ect, it would be awesome
you are the cutest ever!!!! Love ya chica! Great pic :)
Life of science cd release November 6
#primaryschoolconfessions art class was insane and we were always covered in paint and glue!
Looks like your article is duplicated - at the end it starts over from the beginning again. Editorial mistake or April fools?
Will be back in Vegas for wsop, not sure on names
okay. ill check later just to be sure :p omg I know me too.!!! blahhaahaa:D shit better be good lol
Facebooking, tweeting, designing a website, and creating an online tutorial all at the same time. I'm an expert multitasker!
Getting drunk and watching Casablanca, tshirts can wait. Fuck it.
just realized I'm wearing my mistletoe belt buckle; I must be feeling lucky
you forgot
If you worked 8 days in a row and 60 hours over the course of a week, you'd be a little cranky too...
Shannon... You're not tryin to blame the Nuggs winning on Kobe being sock are you?
Goodnight :) hoping that 2morrow will be way better than today
POTUS acknowledges that both parties are to blame right now. But will anything change?
Add a sit-up to the "Russian Twist" to not only target your obliques, but all the layers of abdominal muscle.
wasn't much better on the beltway!
Why can't I feel anything from anyone other than you?
Turned in some things for my job:) Now going to print off some pictures for my grad invites!
I hate explaining my self to ppl that don't get it
Skypeing with the best boy friend evr!!!!
Mr. Ritzman is a target....
Green Papaya Salad and Riesling for Mother's Day - Wine Spectator
thank you!! Love you so much Nikki<3
its saturday,im alone,drunk,and fuckin snappin hard
Do the john wall i wanna see it ;D <3
At the #ToyotaGrandPrix.. let the racing begin! ;)
Joined the crowd and mad-men'd myself... maybe I should actually watch the show sometime
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to learning more about using tablets as part of our homeschooling!!
that is why Paterno hasn't stepped down. Same thing happened to Bear Bryant, retired and died less than 6 months later.
...trying to decide which headshots to pick from! Kenneth Dolin gave me a good bit of workable shots there!
RT : Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today.
yes. It's a mouse that doesn't have a ball inside. If not used on a flat surface, the cursor spazzes out on the screen.
It's me, so decide away!
Getting ready to go to dinner with my family while watching nightmare before christmas again :-) <3
My day started out with my whole mug of coffee spilling all over my desk
Had a great experience at Vic's last weekend. Blogging about it!
I had the BEST day exploring... Rodeo Dr, Beverly Center, Sunset Blvd... Looking forward to learning more about the city.
I'd bet were a formidable South Bay roller hockey force
Revolutionary But Gangsta
-- thanks for the follow. I lived in Ventura from 1956 - 1962!
Coffee consumption commonly is about a third that of tap water in most of North America & Europe.
Excited to play Easter with you brother Rosen :)
I know right! lol
lakers fan by default.... but im down wit it
did you know MC Donald's Smoothies has no added sugars
not watching but am assuming you're talking bout delpo... Man CAN play, can't he?! He's not just 'big guy big serve' the end.
You have lovely thighs, btw.
Children: U spend the 1st 2 yrs of their life teaching them to walk & talk. Then u spend the next 16 yrs telling them to sit down & shut-up.
"THE GUTTER", now thats some real shit someone real needs to jump on. Much Love & Peace to you and your work
models!! I wish your tweets weren't protected so I could retweet that!!!!
Hot Heads & Cool Claws is now doing ear piercing!!
aint no queens around my way.
Does anybody use their Technorati score as a success metric for their museum's blog?
I can't get on tumblr at this moment but can u tell the othe person to follow me or the email:)
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way. ~ Abraham Lincoln (my mantra)
goodnight sweet dreams robert :)
Anybody know when we play next?
hell yeah heard the good news I'll see you in the pub duderino. Drinks all around!!!!
The person on the far right is Matthew Collins. I think the one on the left is with or #greenmedia but not sure.
feelin better bout things....um ya dont wanna go to school but i gotta!!! to think only 5 more years of this crap..then college!!! ugh!!
Looking like TFT dept. doesn't want to have Spring 24 Hour Festival. For that to change, it will have to come from student body.
Come enjoy this beautiful day on our patio!
I'm looking for people to talk about how the city really is and maybe show us places that have caused those problems.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl
Dear God, Thank you for creating the following items: Streaming Record, pause, fast fwd and rewind buttons Your follower, Cristina
fuiste a la school...
Thanks very much! Looking good!
Happy Easter, people.
We're at the ribbon cutting and opening ceremony! Are you?
"A daily routine built on good habits and disciplines separates the most successful among us from everyone else. The routine is exceptionall
Now Hiring... Territory Portfolio Manager - Boston www.brown-forman.com/careers
I wanna spend the whole day in my bed
= killer ... The Young Electric , check these guys out!!!!
i got my first pay check♥
fun ! You'll kill it , can't wait to watch !
Get bak on my music shit
your lazy it won't be that far
😢 Wishing him a Happy Birthday too..
“: thanks for the follow!” back at you!!
awesome! #nowlistening to your bandcamp. After school you will have to come check out
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. im quiet and sweet, but also i'm loud and rude
double D...:P
#YouNeedToStopIt I went to church & I asked my friend about the sermon, he said "I was following the game play-by-play in my phone" why go?
Finally going to sleep!!!
too bad i dont work at the food court no more...what kinda jobs have u had b4?
when & where?
getting tutored for this math eoc <<<
lol we all do. So don't feel too special ;-)
lol that's hilarious.
The awkward moment when you shout out a wrong answer confidently in class!
How's that taste ville?
I agree. I was so inspired by the students & world leaders. My student was transformed. I am still riding high from the day
The #Penguins are frauds, the #Bruins own the #flyers get past the #Caps and I like the chances
Just realized 4/20 is on friday
Mr.G better take us out for pizza
Lol. Hypocrite claims to oppose violence, then supports making threats. Typical bigot.
Not responding until someone's asked you twice = one of the most irritating policies I've ever heard of.
true. I should be recruiting on here too. Wanna take a survey? :P
yeah read my bio
Funny cause I just plodded thru another book -- took a week to read but I read Overseas in a day. I WILL read it again.
Me too. Me too.
Ah, thanks. There's also a ugandan self-assessment report for parl compliance... obviously was confused :)
": Very impressed by - so engaging w/ no charts, no notes, no teleprompt #ibmimpact" >storytelling is powerful!
BINGO BANGO!!!! Give me another Ginger Ale!
Follow me buddy
Drove past a Culvers tonight (in Phoenix)- instead of a flavor of the day, board read "welcome to AZ Peyton!" can't make this stuff up!!
DJ Soulstrings will officially be the opening DJ for the Full Bloom dance party! wut wutttttt!
rocks!! Thanks again and for the great chat tonight!
I just posted group assignments on the course wall.
It's 'la bella luna' from Moonstruck. The moon makes the man come to the woman. aka 'Cosmo's Moon'.
& are like Macs and PC's. Visalus has an inferior product, but better marketing. Sucralose...really?
LOL. You never cease to crack me up.
Gearing up to hear some tips from a #professionalwriting panel today, campus,11:30 in SEL RM 060.
oh come the fuck on
Seriously I hate that....morning after looking at the HORRIBLE drunkface photos you took are devastating. Get 'em down NOW.
still a good photo though
I'd travel (and have traveled) all over to see and the Royal City Band but you can't beat seeing them for free in my backyard!
Getting ready for filming...
I'm making it my mission to memorize bridesmaids like I did mean girls.
yep I'm on it right now!! Thanks
what for the official #PMBLallstarweekendBeachBash at North Shore beach club
needs a curator. Someone to go through and take all the shit videos down.
will i be seeing you on 'Big Rich Texas' in a few years?
In for the Dead Space 2 raffle!
if it ain't loaded and cocked it don't shoot.
#chessmoves has them
Other than wishing all my friends a happy Memorial Day weekend...
How do you get your creative juices flowing?
I'm on a countdown for when I get my braces off. 9 days!! :D
Thanks for the RT's!
now flowing, BAD!
One full day of setting up MacBook air, iMac, 2 printers, outlook, email synching, calendars, Dropbox, iCloud for my uncle's business. Phew!
we will take care of these mahomies in San Antonio, until you guys come back! i cant wait. i love ♥♥♥
FOOD TRUCK WARS Bringing it to Oviedo on March 31st 2012 Noon to 6pm. 40 Food Trucks from all over the State, live music, more Come Hungry!
gotcha. I'll remember that.
Glad to see the sox aren't throwing in the towel but how does Manny fit on this team
I was rushing sorry:o
craving froyo and bubble tea something fierce at the moment. after work treats!
Birthday dinner with some excellent folks. Then it's air hockey time.
Thanks for the follow Arman! Hope you have a nice week :)
Kenny G is the Dane Cook of saxophone.
Good point! :)
look who I found..
One of the best processes to get cash flow to manage your business can be accounts receivable factoring.
I'm working towards my Master's in Arts & Humanities Studies in Literature and the Holocaust Studies at UT Dallas.
#JohnnyWalker has taken first place in Brands by Value, a list of the world's 50 most valuable drinks brands.
CONGRATS!! RT : So proud of my teammates 4 the way they fought. Great win. And so happy for #clipnation thanks for the support!
I am hearing from teachers that students are driving change as they progress through sch, slow change but demanded
The choice has always been yours...So determine what you want in life and go after it.
Of course it works! That's why we're building this unique prayer-app: www.birdofprayer.org
“: .aww thats good im tel Avery we need to make a trip out there” sholl do!!
me too :( what sucks is schools going to be super ridiculous starting this week so I won't see you : /
you should bring on torres from like... 3.5 years ago
I know that feeling. Akin to grew a goatee or shaved their head.
Excellent event. This slideshow is an excellent reminder of the assets of the region! Go Cincinnati!
so now you know my secret, can't say a word. or I'll spill yours. ba ha ha :D
uh shut up and come home already, I'm boredd
Keep doing what you do Jameer!
RT Good Morning! (:
World's most unreliable boyfriend award.
yee but im not like a directioner and you ?
Jobless rate for people 25+ with bachelor's degree drops to 4% in April (from 4.2%). High school grads: 7.9%. No high school diploma: 12.5%
RT : Roz, so glad creative authors like you are interested in Bublish. We'll keep you posted pre-launch.
Trying to decide whether to finish ME2 a 2nd time with the decisions I want to bring into ME3, or just break down & play ME3 from scratch.
That sounds amazing! I can't wait to see it!
. It fascinates me that the publishes you along with a columnist who think a sports team should be called NY Niggers.
they shall build statues in honor of my righteous singing.
Don't ever take love, life, family or health for granted!! These are the reasons to get out of bed each day :)
she's showing positive signs RE treatment and her body's response to the cancer. She just hit her 1 yr diagnosis anniversary
No one wants to step up and win this game, clearly.
At the National Market Traders Federation cannual conference-interesting sessions on retail apprentiships as market traders
Damn you wikipedia & youtube for your tempting and never ending supply of free information, you aren't helping my insomnia!
Broke the seal
With just over 5 weeks remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised $39,923, 30% of our goal of $135,000.
Thanks so much!
get ready to throw stuff at your screen for this bungals pick
2 the bucket boys on 87th, love your music, hate you are not n school. advice 2 u when hustling use a clean bucket, you might get more tips
Help me!!My MacBook is running SO slow!I havent dwnloaded anything & I tried clearing cache & everything. Any1 know what else I can do?
For the best sports Twitter accounts follow and
Tip: use the manufacturer’s recommended grade of oil which can improve fuel economy by 1 - 2%.
follow back!
yes I'm officially an adult now!
I wish i could be with my amazing gf all day ! :/
So great seeing you TWICE yesterday!! Xx
Great talking with March's #ygenentrepreneur AJ Thomas about social entrepreneurship! Hear what she says next Weds.
I am being tested. Gotta ace this test.
I will always be me. Emotions may change but feelings dont.
Good morning! It is going to be a hectic day.
like I'm one of his his bby mamas fck outta here
to them pear means thick they're not educated it gets annoying I understand
Great New's Everyone SNOCLOTHING Teamed up with the sickest Energy Drinks on the Globe. Cocaine Energy Drinks. drinkcocaine.com
...And perhaps get feedback from you online and maybe from a GA?
Trying mcdonalds new "daily double"...
parents dont know hw to raise kids no more.
How about we honor our military? The Marines? Oh I have an idea, Military Appreciation Night tomorrow at 8pm! Benefiting Toys for Tots!
I have sparatic lyric syndrom.... I randomly spit lyrics from random songs
Church in a few.
#iOS app store "developer advocates" (support) are about as helpful as sand in my eye.
Living in Cream & Crimson country you have no idea how much I want this to happen.
yay okay! good luck girl :)
Go on with Bob Fescoe tomorrow please!
Assembling invitations, calligraphy on envelopes, a few wedding projects & details for this weekend - WHEW! This girl is one busy bee!!!!
yo hit me up
Looking for #Solaris and #Linux Engineers for an exciting company in the Seattle metro area.
Did You Eat The Nutella On Your Birthday Mommy? XD Did You Get Crazy Or Hyper? XD
Get ready! Good fortune comes in bunches. - Play Alganon
Agreed : I think perhaps measuring "learning" (whatever that means) is too abstract
Check out "Dear Puppy..." here: www.boydavid.net
ditto over here. So your list is getting longer by the minute =)
lol I cannot take it anymore these losers wont stop!
We make mistakes when we compare with the past instead of the possible -Daniel Gilbert (Stumbling on Happiness)
When you are grateful fear disappears and abundance appears ~Anthony Robbins RT
Friends w/ kids: is hosting a fantastic free event for families this Saturday at Olivewood Gardens. I'll be there to help!
Where the hell are Joe Pesci & Danny Aiello? We need an Amber alert for aging Italian character actors.
yeah, and I had to wait a few minutes, nothing out of the ordinary. El Nino was pretty yummy!
Totally sucked into reading YELP reviews for other cultural destinations in our city - the good, the bad, and the ugly.
{yawning} Good morning!
I don't normally get too excited over seeing actors, but totally psyched to see at TAN tonight! Loved you on Ugly Betty! Ahh!
These damn spiders in my house actin like they pay rent -___-
#FF our favorite #Quitter so far , like we always say, Quitters always prosper.
I'd be a fool now to worry about all those things I can't change.
“: …more please” < That's what she said.
@ Bristol watching the games & races
The Hobbit is fun but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
just waiting for someone to understand
S/O to dr.voight for being a cunt licker and taking me off of zofran completely. I'm so done being sick.
5 day forecast looks favourable for you and the other #ByteNight teams
Let the red carpet fun begin! I LOVE awards season!
LeBron James just hit a big shot in the 4th quarter.....
Want to see #womaninblack today. Too scary??
We are giving away a $5000 trip to Ireland tonight!!! Party has already started!
glgl ship it
#Workaholics on netflix.
RT : If you're a History Teacher please RT this message (complete with hashtag) so we can build up a network!
also...go blackhawks!
:D i am happy
In my sleep it's haunting me, in my waking hours it's haunting me. Gotta fight back, gotta break free.
the play e1t1 in a few mins.
not any good ones
missing having my boyfriend next to me :/
sweet thanks. How often has the 4/800 been running?
I will have to check that out. Liking tweetdeck so far, but may have to use Hootsuite at work as I can't download stuff.
Wow thank you professor for making every question on that final from chapter 1...aka the one chapter I didn't study much of... -.-
Looking good girl! Can't wait to admire your awesome new do in person :)
Looking forward to checking out the new #FCPX update. Seems to be addressing many of the concerns I had...
anyone have ideas for a stand to turn iPad2 into a document camera?
No more US history taught at CA universities? Where does #santorum get his non-facts?
Conference preparations are underway!
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
Team Homeless Voltron: I assume we all are going to see the Avengers together this weekend, no? We're long overdue so let's make this happen
Hi, Val. Long time, no see. Hope all is well. Coffee sometime - catch up.
Is it still cool to put your bday date as your name? Well I'm going to do it later anyways ---> June 2
Devils vs Rangers tomorrow let's go Devils!!!
I don't like it when people call me a "stalker" idk why but it bothers me
Why must I always loose friends? Wtf...
now following
Destroy doubt...Instill courage!
lol unfortunately not.
Just rewatched #spiritedaway and still can't believe what an amazing record of life in customer service it is!
Amazing, right? Wow. Who would have ever thought?
Sorry for the redundant tweets: issues with crosspostings!
I hope it's raining where is today.
Thank you, Kirk! Have a great weekend!
today in 1986, #VladimirHorowitz returned to his homeland #Russia to perform, after being away for almost 60 years.
Adios DOOK!!! UPS made a bad bet.
Cash them in for rewards! Where do you have the most points so far?
Thank you for the kind words. I love you and the girls always
I want to start going to Youth Group again ..
presented at #Finovate Spring 2012 yesterday.
thanks so much! I will try, rough life here in Scottsdale ;)
84-67 #Pacers running this show! Completely great performance.
no school for me tomorrow😁👍❤
Clippers getting that ass tap
haha stalker lol you should have joined!
...down through condoms and orange peels, mosaic of floating newspapers, down into the silent black ooze with gangsters in concrete...
YOU SURE ARE A BEAUTIFUL LADY
40% everything printed on earth is touched by Kodak Nancy Carr Kodak PR
Thanks for the shoutout sry 4 the late response, hope you had a great T-day!
Any 1D fans follow us? TWEET ME NOW!
Also, it's a pre-paid account, thus E-Z is already collecting interest on *your* money.
is you working todayy?!
It's a beautiful day at IUPUI. Come to the library and check out a book!
Act like you expect to get into the end zone. -Joe Paterno
Thanks for following us!
Nail Salon Infections in news today again - yuck. To avoid always bring your own files, tools and even polishes to the salon!
Final day of #phametour with buses - PHAME student Andy, with tears, says "this means so much to me, to be on this tour. Thank you."
RT "I know when it is time to make a strategic retreat." -- Perry.
45degrees in Chicago
Spencer is a loser
anyone have any high quality barossa rec's?
your welcome! Enjoy it!
crying my freakin' eye balls out :'(
hope so!! If enough people want me to come
went to iHop with this morning!
I paraphrase Churchill badly: "Democracy is the worst of all the forms of government, but is better than all the other options."
"You have 2 realize that the people that criticize you the most R often the ones that are most afraid that you're going to do something big"
You're wonderful, ! When's pub date for IN NEED OF A GOOD WIFE? Can't wait to read it.
Happy Birthday!! Perfect weather!
Hi hi!!! COme next year, please!!
BEEN ON TWITTER FOR AWHILE AND STILL TRYNA LEARN THIS SHIT! LMAO!!!!
If you're driving n on interstate 5 rt now crash near Holgate s of 90 has left 2lanes closed merge right
You can only comment. I had just heard about the contest recently
Philly Park to open up poker room in 2 weeks...Always great to have options!
Unruly Music festival countdown 3: composer/pianist Christopher Jones' intensely layered realization of Cage's "Solo for Piano" on March 9.
My wife sat down on the settee next to me as I was flipping channels. She asked, 'What's on TV?' I said, 'Dust.' And then the fight started
haha... welcome to the racing world!
M&A Tip of the Day- watch out for common deal killers: Price & Valuation, Allocation of Risk, Terms & Conditions. These points are crucial!
At the beach with (:
Thanks! I'm excited officially to be part of the MJP, and to see where we can take it.
Chaos-before-order..............I think that's my middle name.
. Thanks for all the super yummy food! There's so much to eat!
yayyyy you watched! Thanks Z baby!
are you a psychic? First David Lee and the Warriors now I see the headline 'Anthony Davis to be added as finalist for Olympics'
ohh, sorry. I saw this last night when I was out and I forgot to answer!
Crossing my fingers gets to race today. Crew worked a long night last night to repair a piece that broke. Anxious for the verdict.
yes please :) dinner tonight?
Tonight at 7PM (735 E. 44th St.) Let's PRAY for the "Survival of our Church!" This PROPOSED "New Development" can threaten our existence!
oh i got u hell yea bro lets do this!
Go #Virginia. 3 teams in NCAA b-ball and #transvaginal ultrasound for ALL women. What about womans' #healthcare, Virginia? Go
m wine so sweet, help me sleep.
Another hit at the 1 and only
edit. render. edit. copy, paste, save. edit. edit. render. edit. save.
Putting my swim suit on and my hoochie shorts and sitting down by the lake with a book!
I think Ride On might have like one Orion VI, but otherwise I think Metro is the only one that owns them around here.
Spent the evening recording cultists chanting for next month's soundpack. It's gonna sound awesome.
why not? hahah just followed you ;)
WE'd love to see you in while you're in town!
They're brothers.
WOW DID you SEE today!
Yeah, I'm kind of a groupie
Can you follow me back ??? (:
Our last full day in Maui, sideways rain, 30 mph winds & our luau for tonight just got canceled. At least we saw sun for 5 hours yesterday.
Dear Mom, Today its been 5 years since I last saw you. A lot has happened in my life & the best is yet to come. Save me a seat in heaven :)
Thanks Inna! I'm so excited
Talking to helly made my day <3
I'm sorry, but you telling me I can't do it, just makes me more motivated, tell me I can't and I'll prove to you I can.
For if we do not labor and trade with good deeds, we extinguish the light of God that is in us. Explanation of Matt. 25:6-13
Look at me jay walk, cop bitch!
We can't wait either!
I thought I was finished. I was wrong...
So glad you enjoyed your meal! How was your evening?
That exciting moment when Not Your Birthdays plays in the movie Prom and I start freaking out :)
hates me like everyone else. :-(
u people really hav to follow this girl knows whats she is tweetin u follow her and i'll follow u
Back in London town. Going to see some theatre!!! Nothing like a good night of inspiration...
Now following just because I ROCK VANS TOO.
I can't wait until the iPhone 5 comes out ....
Thanks for following : )
RT : “When you are grateful fear disappears and abundance appears” ~Tony Robbins
You're a choking hazard with Small parts(;
RT : I was choosing my password for my new computer last night, I tried Liverpoolfootballteam but apparently it was too weak.
Ho Ho Ho ! Oink Oink Oink ! Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas from all of us at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint
The Eye definity has it
whats good hun? Heard you are going to be in Pittsburgh at #Blush in May. See you there
This week 3 years ago, I was at home recovering from surgery. Today I am 3 years cancer free. Life is good. :-)
That's when I thank God I married a computer nerd.
I HATE YOU MORE
"they say i need to get straight As, but I dont want to" whats that song called? i <3 it but i cant find it, even on youtube!
We would love to attend the HBCU Foreign Policy Conference! Is there an agenda posted or more info? Pls send to
New post: Removable Air Vent Mount For Magellan GPS
Interested in a Startup Weekend in Milwaukee? Let's start the conversation using the hashtag #SWMilwaukee Please RT!
In the middle of a root canal. Not how I wanted to spend my day!
west side story is about gangs in the west side of new york but there was romance also
Devils on the attack but Rangers are having much better shots on goal
wearing your lil bros tight ass shirt is a
so sumbody got pieced up at Circle K!
In other words, why aren't we teaching in ways that correspond with how the minds of diff students are wired to learn?
Cause you're so big right? :D
to the money even on the weekend
Thank you for following us. Please Visit us at www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com for a better look into our school.
Man, I'd like to place my hand on that sexy and and squeeze.
Friday day!
#GiveObamaCreditFor... Fast tracking Immigration for people here while slowing it down for people abroad.
That's really sad... :(
Hee hee. Awesome. Congrats to your parents!
nice legs
I'ma be in the bay ! Why whats going on ?
what?? Idk cus u def can get more then 1 of course only1 at a time like u can't do a quantity of more then 1 at a time I think
Apparently the Puyallup is closing. I remember the lines when it opened. That lasted about a month ...
7 mile back up.
We run every Wed at 6:15 from our Sandy Springs store & Thurs at 6:30 from Ansley location. Lots of levels/distances.
Twitter / Twitter buttons via
Wow! NYC than LA! What can be better! You're living your dream Austin <3 This day has finally come <3 xox
Ernie Lorch was the architect of the famed Riverside Church basketball program and had also been accused of sexual assault of children.
you suck. I wanna go so bad!
Gonna go play basketball with bryce.
10th Dist Democratic Committeemen will select our new Commissioner tomorrow, Sat April 11 @ 10 am @ Truman College, 1145 W Wilson.
you have made so many things possible and I am truly thankful for you.
wish I was your friend, would love to hear everything you have to say, and yes I know what you mean, I don't who I talk to!
are lady gagas tour dates out yet?
When Atheists go to court, do they have to swear on the bible?
woo hoo! I hope that helps! I went with TV as a distraction. Almost caught up with one topic, still more to go
me so excited to work with you tomorrow night
haha I was thinking about you :) RT : haha I just saw your 'goodnight Saira' tweet =D
Head hurts :/ Wine remedy?
dont judge me bc im wearing the same outfit tonight that I did in Vegas!
thx for the follow! Do you miss Detroit now that you're in sunny Orlando?
Almost back to Tarrant county.# readytobeback
Tired & hungry af from work /:
Whenever u feel far from God - He's not the one who moved away from you...so...get back in position.
It's not that great having a license -___-
Your always on my mind;)
fuck yeah! Your a real homie Mario, always.
Thanks Erik!
Random: I love light skinned people with colored tattoos nd a lot of piercings ¦
#TRUTH "...don't let anyone divert you from the truth. It's the person who acts right who is right..."
Exciting! Congrats! :)
more than this.<3
What is invisable and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts.
Who the fuck is calling plays!
Dear Car 3180 (last car, Shady Grove bound Red line train) has open electronics closet just forward of door 1. Arriving Union st.
Anyone else having problems with for Chrome not updating stream or mentions? It leaves lots out that Android version shows.
Is it weird to wish your ex wife a happy mother's day?
Well I hope it be stelena forever!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking
WIRED mag named David krakauer one of 50 most likely to change the world. WID as a greenhouse experimenting with hybrids
Sad to hear about the death of Donna Summers... Another truly original, beautiful voice has joined the choir of heaven...
Freaking bored at home , I need a new hobby
Butt plugs? Gotta clean'em erry now & then. RT : #CanIBeHonestWithYou I like to smell my plugs when no one else is looking.
Pacman losing next fight against Bradley watch u heard it first.
I just updated my iPhone 4s and its saying I have "4G" now... wth?
So is yt. Keep getting a failed to load message.
I’ll take the high road. You take the psycho path.
He just makes me feel so good when I am around him. He is a real quality guy
Get some gel to put some waves in your hair! They'll stay better if it's not combed
Mean people suck.
Meeting at 7:30, but at the park at 2:30 so time to ride some rides.
He's the best. RT On offensive funk, said, "I know Dr. Freeze ain’t going to stay around too much longer.”
Even superman got a weakness
Back when boy-girl seating arrangements was the worst punishment ever!
Piercing today \m/
#QuoteOfTheNight "Please don't yell at my vagina!"
been interesting to see this story continue to evolve. Began with a few schools and with each installment, more named.
come to madison!!
Good afternoon from Cumberland State Oark in Tennessee! Great day for shorts B-)
has probably the best tweets. Oh and 77 days until cancun ☀👙
#shehechat starts in 8 minutes! Anyone out there already?
Can't wait for the day that I can get to my own $HT
Myth? I cleared $120k last year.
Order our new book Extraordinary Cakes @ extraordinarydesserts.com and your copy will be signed. Plus 1st 100 pre-orders get $10 voucher.
Sen. Meeks, thanks for elimininating yourself from my shortlist of #chicago mayoral candidates!
We FOCUS on early ed but what about secondary ed? What does engagement look like for both?
Well, we can't comment on the recall, per se. But there is a definite need for something to be done.
Feel stupid for trying to put on blast for not following me, when in reality, he's been following me for a little while already :/
Finally got it through my head.
Don't be afraid of what can get you high - Mac Miller
hell yeah man lol suppose some won win a mill..they couldn't pay that back
Has anyone seen the list of free agent wide receivers? Wow! It is stacked with talent.
'Naked Harry' is trending. I'm assuming they showed the pool scene? lmao
He was super nice and took time to sign and take pictures with EVERYONE.
maybe I'll be even better now
I woke up from a dream tat u were on the news.. Oh wait you were on the news! ur gettn so big now, don't forget ur 1st fans <3
I know right but il make sure no curlers lol
Austin, I'd love you forever! Well. I already do!! but..
Justin Bieber is backstage. Probably playing with Jerry.
Word. RT Um, I meant doing his impersonation of Christopher Walken. I'd rather see the other thing.
Anjir last problem is really eating away at me, suck.
A zip and a double cup.
Love my babe, finally in bed, mimis time
Power Hour with Jessica Lurie on Miami Beach today at 4:30pm!
Yes its amazing :)
From Vince (6:04pm): severe t-storm warning northern Walworth Co. until 6:30pm. Possible hail Whitewater moving east.
just called you...wanna hang tonight
It's just not worth giving a damn.
Now now Lisa, U already know that everyone on the Planet loves you already, lol.. ur husband is first, I am 2nd at loving u next!
I fucking love my wife #92611 .
i'm pretty sure there will be angels singing the hallelujah chorus if we have identical weather to today's on firstkick
Omgg trying to get tickets but I cant :'(
No, hoping to get a beer reviewer to guest post on the site.
Congratulations!!!: My book is now at Books A Million!
ok can you Plz help me?! My topic is on is cheerleading dangerous? And I chose yes so I have to explain why. So far I have
Thanks and
thanks, I'm so excited. my old one from work just died LOL
Finley, good thing this is a contract year...
LOL!! The night was good up until then
Good one, luv. RT : Did not realize that was not a discussion board for 20th-Century British theatre.
Incredible trip to Atlanta for the Masters, now on to Austin for James' bachelor party...
I could really go for some wings right now... Or some Mr Spots fire steak. So hungry in BG.
Its you and me, moving at the speed of light into eternity 🎶
I must have a #replyalljose t-shirt, or at least a sign for my computer ~
Swear I'm Boutta Go Off On Everybody. #Swear -_-
One of the things I love about this. Shows our historical biases. Will be introducing lesson on biases soon.
l0000l JUST SCREAM, NO DONT TOUCH ME THERE THAT IS MY NO NO SQUARE. THAT WILL SCARE HIM or get the cops involved aha
people are out of line . Fake twitters s/o to the real !!
im so excited to see you guys on SNL!!
Jamison says, don't shoot everything that moves. Be clear with what you need to tell the story.
fucking love the #DEATHSQUAD family. enjoy the weekend!
My mom makes me feel so self conscious fml
spinnin tonight! Come dance your troubles away with #NBD Thursdays. Free entry & $5 Vodka sodas all night
homemade pumpkin spice latte= 10000x better.
ugh. I hate the stars ever since they moved to Dallas. Ruined my pristine MN childhood.
Check out some new music from the Hudson Vally!
Scrolling thru my followers and saw man Mindless Behavior follow me -___- I'm deleting my account now
I think I eat 2 boxes a week
looking for an iOS Developer for a leader in the B2C industry!
knowing that God forgives me and that he will use what another meant for evil and use it for something good to come from it.
Having lunch with - trying another BBQ joint... Not sure Kaz is to impressed lol
She wont add me. Nonetheless on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the highest 1 being the lowest how ratchet is Miax Ioncare Mhp???
-I know right!
Hey babez, look like I'm back in the stu after a long 2 weeks of outside work! Who hooo, feels good!
awww I miss you 2! Ill be at the gym at 530am 2morrow...wake ur booty up and come join me! Lol yes let's hang out
i think its so cute, when your leaving & a guy says ' what? no hug? ' <3
- I'm not agoraphobic, I swear!
I would have hidden had the sitter come looking for me!!
no you can't make me:p I got sad watching his interviews because I miss and his shows
like your new Riyal Oak. I did the rose w brown band. #40yearroyal oak
love how you said needs nothing to add to just him singing & maybe a piano.
I've got Dick Whitman hair today.
It's fun! RT : I'm going to the shooting range soon... time to knock stuff off this bucket list. But I'm scared of guns O_o lol
Hate this for the Steelers.
sis text me
Great Idea! RT : Maybe we should all make a home spa night!!
Instead of wishing you were someone else, be proud of who you are. You never know who was looking at you, wishing they were you
Just passed a street named Comstock lol
"You're never ever ever going to get everything done EVER!" - Annette Nathan
are you a speeder? breakkin the law(;
I think I'm now on the "serial killer sleep cycle" on weekends
Listening to on Somewhat concerned at the lead into the piece.
The bullpen and offense will need to get us this one.
Have you submitted your request to display art? If not, there is still time! Either way, see you on
Yeah yeah yeah it's just a cola 
Wes Happy Sunday sir,your thoughts on our Draft Haul,or do you say Like Brett Kiesel wait til Aug ask me again lol.
followed, follow back please?
HAPPY MONDAY WORLD. IN LIL HAITI, INSPIRING AND MOTIVATING STUDENTS. HAPPY TO HAVE LIFE AND BE A CHANGE AGENT
Bar Dice in between Poker hands!
Had a great time at Schmoozapalooza last night it was so great to see everyone.
New multi Animal Tarot- The BlueDogRose Tarot nearing completion, hope to have a test print ready by the end of the week. :)
City council chambers packed, SRO. Lots of SCAN supporters here. Thank you!
RT I wish parents were more involved period. #yalitchat YES! I agree 100%
At How to Succeed in Business -AHS. My babies are all grown up!
An Autumn Lunch at Addie’s
And this NY Fan says suck a ______ RT : I HATE NY FANS ....
"Call Me Maybe" is growing on me......WHAT SOMEONE HELP
If you're in Stockton come see me for your facial and waxing needs. I do everything from home #LicensedEsthetician,
Sorry for making you sick I hope you feel better And decide to throw out your nasty honey lemon cough drops lol jks loves you:)
How did I become one of the people who listens to NPR while driving to work? Should have done this years ago.
In Vegas finding learning our personal strengths - we are one strong team
I most definately want head.
Thank you for the lovely, yet EVIL, gift of Samoa Girl Scout Cookies. I give that box until the end of the day...TOPS!
Sounds good! What's the new date?
Just saw an alien spacecraft...nbd.
We're not GUI experts, sorry!
Can someone save the F-ing day for me? Or would that be the F-ing life for me?
Congratulations! My Damn Channel DailyGrace is 4 years old! CHEERS TO 4 more even better years to come!!
May 30th - Memorial Day Parade 10AM
I live in NYC. Weather's OK now but summers are muggy. I'll try it anyway, see how it goes. Thanks for your thoughts.
Chillin with George...George of the Jungle!
It's gold, I read it to my class last year. Thanks for keeping me on my toes, though! So much fear in misquoting.
expect me to be crashing on the couch literally every weekend. I cant wait to annoy you guys ALL the time
Quote of the day: "We have a conference call @ 4:30 with an American person so we need to actually call @ 4:30 & be on time." w/
I hope UW dance team performs tonight. our dance team needs to start competing w other universities!
I think someone should apologize! Because we all know what happens when someone doesn't apologize, right ?
Goodnight my loves <3
At with for the FIT vs Parsons big fashion show!
we can work with whatever time you have available, everyone in the organization would love to hear you speak
Nice quote NYT: She had the perfect voice, and the perfect image: a gorgeous singer who had sex appeal but was never overtly sexual...
Happy Founders' Day to all of my beautiful Sorors, especially my Mom!
u have the same goal as me...I want my own can't work for someone in those setting and I want to use my own recipes
you the best happy mothers day to you
Now you want to take me to the volleyball game bc she isn't going to be there and expect me not to say anything bc u want a kiss! Get a life
Doing OK? Got A Bieber Fever? :-)
seriously download this game
The smell of paint is disgusting.
Congratulations!!! So awesome! :)
Deleting Facebook My Acting&Modeling CERTIFICATE of completion arrived in the mail , Therefore thats what im Focusing on. -TimeToTrainHard
thanks for the follow!
Value every frustration. It’s the key to opening this – and every other – door!
am or pm?
Paula Deen says she has diabetes. In other news, 4 quarters make a dollar.
means laugh ma loud
Special room rate for our Facebook Friends stay with us from Dec 6th to Dec 23rd at $75 a night! mention this ad!
On the go!! Another busy monday!! Good day everyone!
No one wants to see pictures of your flabby, untanned, non airbrushed stomach
holy shit that smell when you deflate a football. FFFUUU.
Dedication: ALEX M. CORDOVA, love & miss you. Love Kristina & Tanner
I've been okay doing this and doing that what about you. How's Hawaii
Yes. Count me in. Where is it and what time?
this is the worst thing i have ever heard
M, its very interesting how your acting towards me…
Nesta hints wanting to come to MLS. should use some of that LeTeux money
it feels like fall in oklahoma. perfect timing for my temporary move back to tulsa.
The Chargers are now going to retire Seau's #. Why were they not planning on doing this b4 he passed away?
i wonder what my baby is up 2 today
Well, mine is better than Safeway's...so that's something. :)
": wuts good bro?"just hit me on da cell
watching I hate hippies
Up and at em.
When lebron sits the Heat are a mess.
Sometimes a crumb falls / From the tables of joy, Sometimes a custard is flung.
Add me on faceb. Latasha Marie Presley
Walker's campaign says it finished the quarter with a combined total of more than $4.8 million cash on hand.
Forgot wallet yesterday. No problem. Bought lunch with their mobile app and paid for parking in DC with
Patrick just left. Im a bad kid. We had fun though ;D
Need to start back doing what I use to do this not like me!!
Amawele's will hitting the Marina tonight!!
Testifying on 1238, teacher Liz Allen says that the bill directs energy and resources to place where acheivement gap begins.
Not guilty! WTF?? This girl deserves life without parole.
we hang out a lot actually. we just couldn't yesterday. & we can't today..
Brief afternoon shower now coming through Tuckahoe
I'm always so impressed when someone quotes Yoda
No from MD but Went to U of Michigan. Never heard of Jolly Pumpkin! Is it new?
hey buddy I think you took the birthday cake song to far. All dat cream on ya face at least shes a star!
aww wish I had a boyfriend like you.
That was a cool She-Ra article. Yes, I do feel more empowered bc of the cartoons I watched as a kid. Flintstones kicked butt too.
Editing video and strategizing Dreamit Application.
I most certainly will. I did have a quick questions, the Australian Home Sale video what was that called I was trying to find it.
WHAT THE HECK " APRO.PK " is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG..
Thank you. RT : You're not old enough RT : cougar? me? M.I.L.F. maybe....but def no damn cougar.
In hindsight, chugging a red bull half an hour before an exam probably wasn't the smartest decision I've ever made
HAH. At least with paper books they build up in a stack on my nightstand. A Kindle really is *bigger on the inside*.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
Oh no!
Those sneezes that hurt <<<<<<<<<< -______-
Just came up with a video concept for the song "Torches" from our new release coming up! We shoot on July 2nd! Bam.
Astronaut John Glenn ate the first meal in space when he ate pureed applesauce squeezed from a tube aboard Friendship 7 in 1962.
:') stop lying to yourself like that": i'm nice as hell lol"
I wonder what the record for continuous hours of rainfall is.
what did he do to you now?
Get stoked on these guys. BEWARE THE NEVERENDING, Frameworks, Set Free, Harp And Lyre, Gideon, and Stay Killer Design
Joshua is not as good as they say....he is good though
Fiesta is here! Fiesta is here!
Thanks for the book store suggestions, ladies. You are awesome. CB- if your gf has any ideas, I'd <3 to hear em
Students desiring a Bachelor’s degree, Master’s degree or PhD will find over 250 different majors available
Zhanaozen-bloody bogey! Kazakhstan for a week
Crawford says he'll see how his knee responds tomorrow before making a decision about playing Wed. night vs. the
Lets take a vote! should our drummer Zack cut his hair?
I agree, I hate reading books or "serialized fiction" online. Nothing replaces a good old paperback.
I know I should be playing poker but I'm just not in the mood tonight. So it's been a night of catching up on Tivo.
Tonight only, get ready to experience art like you never have. Perception Salon: 5:00 – 7:00pm
sick is exactly right. I could throw up right now.
Edelweiss is GREAT for coll dev, in addition to galleys. Highly recommend it.
Thanks For All The Help! <3
#GoTribe We can't change the world unless we change ourselves. We can't go back to Somalia until we change the tribe mess !!!!
At the risk of offending someone, I'll just say this: if at least one of your dreads look like a stuffed pantyhose, it's too much.
I hate seeing companies intentionally cripple technology for their own misguided purposes.
13 days from today,we're giving away $1k worth of free stuff to everyone who buys a copy of our friend Adam Metz's new book The Social...
Ma'am, that dress in your picture is everythang! So stealing it next time I have a chance ;)
im up way too late... cant wait to get my new car.
4 total points in the first 4 min, is this a #B1G game??
I've painted with dirt and coffee before, smoothie painting shouldn't be much of a challenge!-Is she really going to do that?
S/O follow us today for the latest in fashion and style!!
come over! Not to be conceited but I'm kinda really good at hula hooping I'll teach you!! Haha
I picked it up and took it outside; it flew away.
he's trying to get it however he can!! Lol
hi sexy
Oh hey
Everyone always talks about the early bird. How about the early worm? How'd that work out for him?
Feet hurt so bad
Thanks, man. Let us know next time you're in town so we can hang.
I can feel the holiday spirit in the air>>>> LUV LUV LUV
i want to really know what everyone thinks of me.
hey you busy?
Inspiration and genius--one and the same ---Victor Hugo
It's got a 20/60 on Rotten Tomatoes, which tells us...nothing.
Brooklyn Decker flashes her knickers in see-through black lace dress and shows ... - Daily Mail
"Take the chance / trust the American people and the world will be a better place" via
THIS IS THE TIME! GO GO!
I need a new JOB.!!! I CANNOT! I'm going crazy right with the residents.
So what else would I need besides the kit. I have a stone. Would I still need the threaded wand or just hose?
where in #Brazil?
Hey everyone please follow-----> ! THEY FOLLOW BACK!!!
dm or text me the address, might do that.
sure I will right now so wats up
And by a crazy/recovering Cinco De May.. I just mean it was a busy day. lol. No time to hit up next doors El Vaquero.
There's a pool!?
Its so hot
too much on your little plate ;)
Happy potter
txt me
Good mornin my peeps!!!!!!!!im bout to beast 2day cuz thats how swag i am!!!!!!!!
We are currently working to resolve the Twitter DM spam coming from our page. We believe in fashion. Never spam!
way to be a week early
I've lived in the same town for decades and never been called
Why did people stop talking to me?
So let me hear them Tweeple. New Years resolutions?
Last day having to wake up early for a photoshoot tomorrow htt://bjmartinphotography.com photographer san francisco napa bay area wedding
What are the top 3 things you love about Denver?
Getting that app RIGHT NOW.
Coop your on FB, Youtube, Twitter, we should go to those dating websites next!
MT : Mobility w Rich Berger & Doug ring from Peoplefluent citrix deployment of talentmgmt apps for mobile devices
no u dont
this is unconscionable
talk to ya in 2 weeks. :)
lol well thanks
Crying my eyes out in a bathroom stall, worst possible way to start my day. :/
RT : Utility Monster is SOLD OUT tonight, but you can still get tix for Fat Cat Killers tomorrow night...
Thanks for helping to share our big news!
ANYTHING YOU NEED YOU CAN FIND IT AT THE MARKET
Thanks to all who attended the #BestSeminar and followed along on Twitter. See you next year!
shoulda never told my son he had to go to bed after the last out of this inning
I've been writing you a millions time to tell you abt my dream of starting a Diaper Bank but, I experienced some challenges.
I want to punch spam in the face.
“: S/O to South Florida n Homie Eric Skeeters Meter, on Great Season” Appreciate the love Goods!!
lady cats kicked some ace
"Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." - James Matthew Barrie
Did you know that the creator of the first practical pneumatic tire used to work as a veterinarian? His name was John Boyd Dunlop.
Good win for #KUbball but Bill Self has his work cut out for him this season.
ohh.. gotta try that
Hey LADY! I miss seein' you, and yes, outing required VERY soon! How you doin'?
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets.
Ooh, just remembered I had a new #TheClientList on the dvr! How did I forget?!
Hello back, lovely & talented friend! xox
Rumor: Pioneer Square post office set to close??
I think I'm asexual. Something about the letter A gets me so turned on.
Thanks for the follow -- and the words of wisdom on creativity.
what makes you say that? (;
. is live Tweeting the Sports Emmy Awards. John = 140 character quality, esp. his #OrioleMagic allegiance.
HELL YEAH!
Well, can't they bury stuff like that at the bottom of the article?
I can be a sarcastic fucker most of the time,you should have known.
aww thanz babe. Im thankful for u too
Swimming and the hotel bar. I feel like a tiny grown up this week.
Didn't think the guy at Sonic was still listenin to me & I started jammin to Carrie Underwood & he asks me to keep singin
I had to
Too Many Movies I Want To See .
Register on (FB) to Win a Free Solar Backpack!!(charges cell phone & other electronics) Like us on our Facebook page Green Detroit Festival!
I hope you sell gobs and gobs of books this weekend!
"Who took the cork out of my lunch?"⁰ W.C. Fields
same ole England
Morning Mitch!!
I say Arizona cause she said to Cali about "you better never leave me" plus if she's gone Karev will take her position..
#OneThingIDontLike people talk that cash but when it come down to wat it do the nut up
text me
:) the best type of awkward
Couple behind me at coffee shop just finished up in-depth convo about hopes, dreams, jobs & life in general with "Umm, what was your name?"
As I look over all that I needed to get accomplished today, my day has so not been productive. Not to mention, I loose an hour tonight. Boo
Did the "personal comments" of POTUS change any law or policies?
The guest list is consist of intellectuals, and smart business individuals in our city... For sure
#cunt was texting me
RT : Had a great Corned Beef Sammich Baked & Carved today in Best I've had in the ROC yet. Glad to hear it! Thanks!
The purpose of Walker's millions in wall-to-wall ads isn't to change minds, it's to get his opponents to panic or despair. Don't.
We can all thank the crick in my neck for keeping more music from being made last night, but now I'm feeling much better and ready to...
You are so sweet Vic, you are the perfect role model a girl could ask for. :{) hope we can meet someday! ♥ i LOVE you
thats cool! You got a number? Lol
Weird #dog laws include allowing police offers in Palding, Ohio, to bite a dog to calm him/her
Thorstein Veblen~ The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
Where will you be next week?
no problem.
So for the last month or so I've found it really super hard to concentrate on anything but enjoying my life. Make of that what you will...
I think I'll be able to relate to this book.
Probably one of my favorite seasons
Never leave home without your bikini.
you make your own way of life and the path that you take dont just effect yo life but the ones that love you as well
Hit me up on Draw Something. Username: ernestorivera
"Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy." William Butler Yeats
Nice to meet u guys and good luck reporting!
oh my my, oh hell yes, honey put on that party dress
Watch out!! I know how to make iced coffee and I'm not afraid to drink it! :)
Drama - drama - drama - too many!
This Saturday Night! 8th Annual Texas Hold'Em, click on link for details!
