RT : Turnout very low so far. Means your vote makes even more of a difference. Vote Sekou and help clean up DCgovt
could you list to 20 types for us?
move it. Or plan a second grad party
The free cookies in celebration of the bike team's victory is happening at both stores!
You're most welcome!
hey im trying to write a song and it's going nowhere... any advice? btw i love you and your music (& Bridges I Burn music)
Everyone check my status. No one ever go to Marquee Nightclub
heard u rocked #roi2011 - sorry i missed u
I know for real... lets get into something homie
Go follow my real awesomeness account for BTR! Mostly Kendall tho
thank you!!!
Who wants their entire tweet read on the radio, make it a good one!
Absolutely! RT It's positive to bring scientific method into research. More pro than con on disease diagnosis.
Enjoy half off all bottles of wine at Amber every Monday!
baseball! enough down time to still have fun, lol, and my body will still -mostly- work when i'm old
I would have been a kick-ass trust fund kid.
Twitter won't let me follow anyone so if I'm not following you... Tweet me!(:
2 miles in the morning with my pup ...
It was the Scottie Yahtzee drink of last summer. Might extend it to this summer, too! :-)
alien technology, sing-a-longs, "Fields", and hallway hallelujah with and A truly memorable evening!
Wow pretty extreme.
According to I don't tweet enough haha
Buon pomeriggio! Bom dia! Thursday greetings to my tweeps in the Italian and Portuguese tongue!
Mirror mirror on the wall who is the baddest of them all ME!
OMG YES!!!! I feel the same way. This next year's presidential election is going to be horrible. That's why I'm independent.
5,000 4x6 Postcards Only $169 - Mention Tweet and Get 100 12x18 Color Posters! Check out our site www.800printingnyc.com
Thank you! Can't wait to see your book when it's done.
Love this rain on my sunday - coffee - writing - vicks - an obscure foreign film on netflix perhaps.
Finally had lunch @ Buzz Cafe today. Excellent gourmet sandwiches. Highly recommend checking it out.
On site for a photo shoot.
I'm to much of a drug.. He wanna let go but he just can't :-D
Congrats on the SXSWi Hall of Fame!
*bows* a good twitter war. I look forward to the next.
*dude* you are my hero. That's been driving me up a wall. I think it's almost instantly better.
Chilling with some music before AP tests this week
Ashley Kelsey MTV Real World San Diego partying at Bar Room and Saddle Ridge Saturday! Kinda cool!
"Everytime I try to leave something keeps pulling me back, me back, telling me I need you in my life"
I know you get more than a thousand tweets in less than a second you can read all want .. as mine was one of those#loveyou♥
P.s. only 30 more days until I move to my very 1st - 1 bedroom apartment! :)
The corruption at City Hall needs to be unveiled.
"Dim All the Lights" in honor of Donna Summer.
See ya Oahu! Maui today.
YEA LIKE IN VEGAS
Pray that I get this job
oh ya im here baby
All married women are not wives.
Not as of now but as we get closer ill give you more details. RT : ... for a few weeks ... any plans for you to...
Where's Greg nothing personal Started watching him on red eye, he's hilarious! He along with bob make the five! Dana's great
Thanks for the love, everyone who has donated to our fundraising campaign so far! You've brought smiles to many a face today. :)
You've been waiting for that!
nah I told you I wasn't going to! That's awkward. And obvious what I kept asking them about.
not cool man reposting - just not cool.
Both is necessary, fasho
I could've been a contender. I could've been somebody.
I'm watching "bad girls club" w/ my sister. That shits seriously funny
Knowledge is obtained by degrees
You know you're old when one of your staff members has no idea who Steve Garvey is.
Come and meet David and me at Biz to Biz event Plantation Fl Quality Inn 5:30 pm and Learn to how to Age Younger
so where do you fall? I'm split right down the middle. They seem perfectly mismatched. But I haven't had either in the field.
Well, hello there, music man.
RT wats up new followers. thinking of a master plan. What's good wit cha?
Hope you've collected your winnings, or at least whiffed the felt tip pen!
: that's museum education in action! :)
Just gave #BudSelig the nod while walking through the #Gilles parking lot.
Never in the course of history, have so many owed so much to so few.
hi baby, I just wanna show love to you <3 <3 <3
It's a great discussion today on women at home, working women, single mothers, etc.
Now that #Manning is here, bet the #Broncos get a couple Monday Night Football games this season... ESPN's Mike Terico on 7:50am MT.
Stay tuned for an AMAZING creativity contest!!!!!!
New favorite pastime - reading WordPress spam comments. Hilarity.
7th floor seneca wit my dudes
I know #IStayFresh and clean B)
Hi Scott ! Nice to meet U and TKS 4 following me, right back 'atcha !
Today's the day!
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved." - Churchill
I ate my applesauce cup and got over it. Thanks anyway, sorors.
Where r u located?
When people do wrong unto to you, keep in mind that someone is always keeping score!
Oysters 2012. Chincoteagues, briny and juicy, and Wellfleets, milder but of the sea. Pairs nicely with a Syrah-Grenache.
On vacation!! My vacation offically starts now!!
Sex sex sex sex sex sex ex ex ex ex
The peace of God is internal not external. When the peace of God rules in your heart whatever happens around you won't shake you.
Thanks for coming in today, Benjamin! We value your business!
I know I watch it every night before I go to bed!
The FBI is after Clint Eastwood because they didn't forgive him?
That's great news, man. All the best, and hoping we cross paths soon!
full day of work today, many appointments tomorrow to prepare for
Jack Hanna
Jaymz is watching Gumby holiday DVD...painful yet he can't take his eyes off it...!
Tim Hamilton the producer...haha probably not the same, but then again you never know!
It's a crazy life, but I'm alright.
I haven't been tweeting alot lately because my motto for the rest of this year is "silence is golden"
how's it going? Thanks for the follow. When are we shooting? ;-)
it's actually very frustrating. Wonder at times if I'm getting senile :-/
Husband or wife -nawlage ft french montana video coming soon s/o
hahaha i c what u did there.
I love Otis so much<3
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!20
don't miss that flight son. Cya soon
Ah, I won't keep you up then. I saw it's going to rain, I'm bringing a hat.
On a scale of 1 to STFU how annoying are my desperate last tweets before I'm fully immersed in farmlands?
also: Girls is a comedy?
cooks who ask to go for a smoke break in the middle of service
Goodbye daddy. I'll miss u. C u in three weeks
(2/2) Seau shot himself in the chest for the explicit reason that he wanted his brain intact 2 be examined for concussion injury
Hey Day9 I just got my first casted game up on league, where else should I go to advertise (I tweeted and posted the league forums)?
Aguirre tries to take first base on ball 3. Nice try big guy.
To all our Irish friends - Happy St. Patrick's Day!
good old Iron Curtin
You're The Zombie Still Up !!! Look At Youu Cuhh Loll What Are You Doing
Robert is off to Hattiesburg, MS to to give a speech on “Negotiating In A New Economy” Clients want more for less How do we give it to them
#imagine Harry: you naughty girl get on the bed. you: make me. Harry: i'm your commander *winks* you: oohh i'm so scared *winks*
Changing your attitude from "I have to do X, Y and Z" to "I get to do X, Y" can make a world of difference.
I stopped being friends with my best friend because my other 'friends' wanted me to ignore her too. Im not even friends with those girls now
great meeting you today via Skype!
I know is watching over me because when I was feeling down today, I ran into Nick Nolte.
Junior Seau was a cornerstone of my Madden '01 defense. Great player. He'll be missed.
Yeah I wana chill nephew
RT How hard is it to not fuck up an iced coffee? Take ice, add coffee. Sorry roomies and friends, but UG is the way to go
Ms McCain, with respect, this intolerance is not only southern.
Gee: "performance before competence." Educators should study videogames. It's not about the game: it's about performance b4 competence
About to start
Having a blast tonight. Great music all weekend and Southern Tier sampling on Tuesday.
I saw your work for the first time on Flickr today. It's really awesome!
DM Back to you!!!
#myhomelesssignwouldsay "don't help me I should be responsible enough to get a job if I'm can write this sign"!
#StayAwayFromMeIf yo breathe smell like cat ass and corn chips
Wow! So not cool!
ion mean to change our visit but it's a pretty busy day for me today.
Good morning gang It's Monday let's get it started money to be made.
bulls gotta win tonight LETS GO BULLS! 9:30EST
Comedy central is going down..kat willams is a fool you are funny as hell..
Watching a great show about #SteveJobs on CBNC right now. Glad to have the day off. :)
interesting. Would recommend it?
It's funny, really! But just a slight big annoying. Haha! Oh well! doing well so that speaks volumes! :)
have a good day :)
This cold weather better not kill our plants.
Man fuck the bitches niggas how y'all doin I'm a tuchen I'm a nuisance I got stupid I go dumb like tha 3 stooges I don't eat sushi I'm the
You tato chip ass niggas always get mad cause I got ruffles
I free up a great deal of brainspace by paying zero attention to popular music.
omg please lol I need to stalk my future husband lol
Why is the ground always wet at the #Bachelorette pad?
At this store called call it spring and it's like a knock off Aldo-_- they need to stop it
teams with the same record rotate each round. Colts get 1st pick in 3rd round and rams in 4th
What's up bro? I'm at the drive-ins.
because tami didn't punch a.hoe!! She's all park
time well spent, it always recharges you for the REAL good times.
Has No Time To Waste
go jerk off on your couch you skinny mad magazine fuck
Thanks for reminding me ;) I pushed it back a little, lets make a plan Friday (9th) night?? XO
watched soul surfer today!! i cried! haha what a gurl! :pp #inspired watching alice and wonderland now!! :D lol
You've got to be sticky! Links inside of links inside of links!
Awesome weather for a #Shakeshack burger in Madison Square Park and a #Giants playoff game on Sunday! Go #Blue!
Thanks for the follow. Returned the favor
fly out for the day and do me! Ill buy ur ticket this is serious! I need some mike t now!!! Bahahah yess I know I'm a freak!
Of course I oversleep by 40 minutes the day of an off-site meeting. Thankfully it's just downtown. Ugh.
All because he can't handle criticism... he still can't. And if he did make this up -- I will expose it. Cheerio.
<--- Why yes. I do! ": I need some new people to follow....suggestions?"
So so so #thankfulfor beautiful warm weather today, sun on face, warm breeze, birds chirping, flowers blooming, dogs wagging those tails!
Patiently waiting for Apple =]... Oh ThE aGoNy
20 percent off #moleskin planners at Lynn's Hallmark on Lincoln. Don't mind if I do.
omg my new dream is to get Cody to teach me how to surf hey think about it Cody <3
Yes. Especially love Walt playing on this side. Wow.
maybe that explains why he's in A
Remember this day. For it is one that is never forgotten
A little #liveatluthercollege to round out the evening. Best live album ever recorded. The sole reason I picked up a guitar when I was 12!
I wish I did drugs. :-(
nope. None yet. Trying.
“: The way that Edward looks at Bella >”
that is Income tax officials for u. They are super smart and have coverts in every rich man's house.
#nwill2011 - over 12 copies of a hathitrust item. Author's guild is concerned about the proliferation of copies but also about orphan wrks
ROFL the old man n Club RT : Cuba imports cigars from him??? Ok, Mr. Most Interesting Man In the World aka the Oldest Man At the Club.
We need to point our kids to Jesus Christ, their Savior, by modeling for them every day what we know to be true about God and his Son.
That was a great win!!!
RT“: #RELATIONSHIPSDONTWORK the word "LOVE" gets used out of context”
Melco recently updated the embroidery machine cart/stand for AMAYA XTS. Have you used the new cart? Do you like it? Feedback is welcome!
RT - The Chargers, St. Louis Rams, Jacksonville Jaguars, Oakland Raiders or Minnesota Vikings could relocating to Los Angeles.
Since its starting to get hot, I'm a cut my damn hair
aw that's so sweet
The Membership Committee will meet tonight at 7pm at GWUL. For more info, contact: .
How many times will there be a Nnamdi Asomugha sighting at locations in the Owings Mills area over the next few days? ...
:) LOL ... well, at least my brain's in good company ;)
thats cool i just got out of the shower aha ;p
If it don't get better money wise pshhh
' Desmond Tutu also said "empowering women is good for the planet" at the #socialgood summit.
Sugar is open on Easter Sunday!!!
time 4 a new 1,been on these 2 hot songz 4 the past dayz,gon take a break n start somethin else hot!
I lost my number.. Can I borrow yours?
If you can't spell the word scholarship you don't deserve one.
Watching "Surf Ninjas". My life is complete again.
Ya have to watch that Haney guy!! LOL
Your name on your tombstone is the hardest that you will ever be
going to the moviess (:
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc will be Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music and the The Lotus Dance Team will be turning up the Heat!
Today is as annoying as a newly married couple.
this girl acts like she moved from paris/new york/fricken milan to texas. you went from kentucky....to dallas.....calm down
that's very inappropriate but have you tried their new crakblender frappe? To die (or kill) for.
November 10th! The Terrace in Pasadena! True Colors and Truth and Triumph!
oh dear! hope you're OK!
Congratulations to Volusia County teacher Lianne Bennett on being selected for Project Archaeology Leadership Academy!
Listening to hyfr by drake
FOLLOW ... SHES ONE AWAY from 1k!!! tell me if you followed her and ill give you a s/o
Some people now just cant forgive but the meaning of life is just to live
When are you going/returning? Did I tell you I'm going now? Haven't gotten flights yet.
RT “: Republicans plan was to call Obama a metrosexual, black Abe Lincoln? They do realize that sounds awesome, right?”
Boston and Washington going to sudden death OT in Game 7. Great hockey, but let's win this already #Bruins!
ball so hard mother fuckers wanna fine me
Ooh, I hate doing that.
excuse me while I cry
The worst feeling is regretting not having done something when you had the chance.
that's tomorrow. Photo is from the "What you talking about Willis Tower"
I am now the proud owner of a macbook pro. Weird.
Thanks for the mention!
How's Texas Reyes?
Good stuff "Squarepusher" I'm hooked on something heavier at the moment "DJ Acucrack"
THANK U SO MUCH HE IS SLEEPING NOW SO HOPE TO GET HIM HOME SOON JUST WANT HIM BETTER THIS IS SO HARD ON HIM HUGS TO U
Happy Monday!
News Flash. Thanks to our new distributors Portland Roasting, will now be served at the Oregon Convention Center Cafes....
RT : Is it an honor to be in an auction now? #wtf?
RT Donna Frye doesn't blame anyone who would now doubt trustworthiness...
Congratulations on completing your undergrad studies! If you need help downloading your work from TaskStream, call 800.311.5656.
- please be so kind to follow us on Twitter for the latest on San Diego's hospitality industry and beyond.
can't get any more American than the Justice League.
Agreed! RT 2012, if you promise to be as epic, adventurous, exciting & overall fun as 2011 was, I won't feel like I'm mourning 2011.
"It is from the blues that all that may be called American music derives it most distinctive characteristics."--James Weldon Johnson...
We will be at our merch booth a few minutes after the set to hang out for a while. Come up and say hey.
I don't even think I was born when Gabrial Eglasias or whats his name was on it either lol
My thunder looking hungry
Bunnies scare me. They have such creepy eyes, especially the ones with red eyes. Blah.
Anyone else shocked the refs didn't kick us in the nuts with a charge call there?
Someone is confident in Jack, I hope you're right, good luck! RT: 617
Any sufficiently advanced bureaucracy is indistinguishable from molasses.
You're not serious.
dude i need to talk to u
The Siddur provides a common language of prayer for Jews at all times and places.
All I want is for God to have full control of my life! I want to be the woman He created me to be! Make me more like You, God!
I act courageously even when I don’t feel courageous. I act in spite of my fear and the fear fades away. (say this 2 yourself) IT WORKS!
is bouncing today. :-)
Dynamic Designz has several other projects that are currently on the back burner as we do not have time to tackle them all at the moment!
Well Bout To K.O GoodNight Twitter! !!!!!!!!
mad cow? Must be fat bitches.
Correction of the day: "tow the lion." 8-D
#FF You have to try 's food from She's also a former fellow JHU undergrad. Be sure to follow them on Twitter!
been havin fun with my sons the past few days
:-) #WineHuntChat RT : Ive been passed by one at about mile 16 of a marathon. Very humbling.
#cil11 anyone using fbml to create a new books tab on facebook? Any opacs synching with facebook?
If someone made a video about all the poor, homeless, starving families in the US and you watched that, would you care to do anything?
Duck butts
I have to be the early leader for Executive of the Year, right?
thanks for the follow!
ets - listening to the brian Jonestown massacre.
> when parents eat ur fav pie (apple) and dont share it with u
I'm with MT : Let me be clear. I am a WV Democrat who unapologetically supports
Why are cheetos so great you ask? Because where else are you going to get nearly a pound of chips in a bag?
Tweetups=in person event that is organized using twitter. Give your social influencers exclusive access and a peek into your world.
Lesson for all men: When a woman has a baseball cap on, DO NOT take it off...unless you want to get hurt.
Yes, #LoyolaWeekend was AWESOME this year! The weather is supposed to be even nicer today...can't wait!
Grandma and Red, are here
Did she say "sugar bugs"? cc/
First day as a Freshman not Bad
Dedications to Adanna & I from friends/family local & visiting (from WI, CA, TX, MI, & France) in lyric (poems & song) were beyond beautiful
Wow! and I are just leaving school.
you knew everybody was going to RT it. hahahaha
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen."
Just finished a great 20 mile run. Time to relax!
I'm so proud of you two! :')
Justin, please, please follow me I'd do anything for you but not everything ..
that is a pretty good looking cup cake:))
My meh day was made a trillion times better when a little girl came up to me and said a book I recommended made her like reading again.LOVE.
Do anyone know if the nail salon having specials today?
I seem to recall Ben Block put his together in record time. Perhaps you tag him in?
first snow in the high country O YEAH YEAH ill be snowboarding in no time!
I love when he talks crazy with me its sweet aggression :-)
's Jionni looks like an adorable guido version of Jake Gyllenhaal. Good catch girl!
Im heading to LA tomorrow morning, any spots I need to go in and around Hollywood?
congrats to the Rangers
Let's go Heat!
Great article on Pilot Season!
9/11 victims can finally rest in peace, goodnight :) and god bless america!
I'm looking at him 😌
One more final
yea not really lol
Last time I threw my back out it was reaching for the toilet paper. Classy, no?
Really enjoyed reading Public Parts by Was a great discussion on the benefits of "publicness" in our ever more connected lives.
Beauty comes in all colors. Beauty comes in all shapes. Beauty comes from all around the world. Beauty has no requirements
that's a great one--really puts me in a zone. Also like campfire and crickets when I'm writing setting.
Good morning y'all try to stay warm!! (;
wat up tweeters
#NP - "Just One of Them Days" Monica
3 strikeouts for brad hand to start the game? Not bad
I counted about 30
nicki minaj looks like she belongs on my face.
Mixer Match was crazy awesome tonight! So thankful for everyone that was there & all the work that went in to it!
good, 3rd both races
I'm temped to read #thelyinggame books but I'm worried there will be spoilers for the show. Does anyone know how close they are to the show?
You cannot even form a coherent sentence. You really expect me to take you seriously? Retard.
Cotto needs a knockout
Why do I lose all the good pictures of myself? There's only been about 5 over my lifetime, you'd think they'd be easy to keep track of.
Looking at how narratives about "bird flu" have influenced public health planning. And maybe not in a good way.....
So lovely seeing Charles for a little lunch can't wait for tonight :)
High expectations for tonight, but then I realise we live in Widnes and it will probably rain..
party animal!!! :P
R.I.P. Junior Seau! A true San Diego native that gave so much back to the community!! You were too young, life can be unfair! God Bless..
Corporate Fraud: What is worst case that you know about?
every game is time consuming. But atleast with this one you get to bash faces in. I love it!!
I hope everyone had a fantastic Mother's Day!
"Killing the unborn"? Oh, you're a zealot. Sorry, didn't mean to waste my time.
I need to see you boiii. Either you bring your ass here or I come there lol
RT : Im ready for graduation night
Wish I was 28 already.
the doctor! she gave me drugs! maybe someday i'll be unsick! #hope springs eternal...
I love you brittni, merry Christmas (: we're hanging out soon.
Hello my love i am your fan number one and when it comes to Venezuela and i love you
How did I miss that \'s new plus one shirt went one sale?? That's the one I was waiting for!
oh lol I kept tryna find you... Why u deleted it....
I'm confused about this Tracks thing. Help!
hey baby looking hot )
in my coffee shop travels last night
Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought.—Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Trust your instincts. Be confident. Be humble. Stay curious. Exchange ideas. Laugh at yourself. Laugh at others. ;)
Unfortunately, my amp sounded like thunder for a few seconds and then died again... bummer !!!
Excited to play w/ Joanna Pascale, Madison Rast, Mike Kennedy, and Dan Monaghan today. Private event but will be fun.
Have the Lakers won a game yet?? OH!
Appliance Recycling Centers of America (ARCA) Announces Appointment of Rachel L. Holmes to Chief of Staff
SAT word of the day: prosaic (adj.) plain, lacking liveliness
the #hoeski has arrived
What's yo name? What's yo number?
; like i said i dont care!
i need follows follow me i follow please follow please
just trying to get my children to cooperate today (boys) and not being all that successful and I am physically drained.
I love showing my students the birds in the wild! And, of course, it's a good excuse to watch them myself... ;)
Couldn't agree more. This is difference between advertising -- your not just buying media, but activating it
Is it too late to win? RT Who wants to win a surprise? RT this to enter! Hint: it will be made of yarn and awesome.
So much flopping. #NBA needs to start fining players for flopping
whats up boy
Super bored.. someone text me #please I will love you forever
Not to go all Pinteresty on you, but that peroxide/Dawn stain remover found there? MAGIC.
But on the bright side I had sonic 2x today, and my dad cooking my fav.
Haha! Very interesting social experiment nonetheless. Thanks for the birthday wish!! : )
Fantasy travel--which would you choose? a Pegasus, Tron Light cycle, Dragon, Nimbus 2000, imperial speeder bike, USS Enterprise, or an Ent?
that's good ! ^-^ lol school is almost out ! I'm so excited !
Whoa...Singing puff the magic dragon with the Immersion kids and faculty at the Von trapp family lodge
you are so right. It's a guy thing. Always has been.
indeed funk pays
Recent estimates suggest that 9 million children and teens between the ages of 6 and 19 are considered to be overweight.
Tonight was so good <3 God's love is amazing
I love how no matter how good of a day I have, you ALWAYS screw it up. I hate my family, so much.
#mydickfelloff sad face :(
Did you ever see Panthers owner Jerry Richardson's *strange* press conference?
Getting ready for Absinthe...has not started yet and I already love it!
There are like five Hunter faculty standing at this bus stop on the EST side. We is all late for the last day of class.
No Pain, No Gain
Happy Mothers Day Mama Mahone<3 hope you had a wonderful day!
yeah no problem, shoot me an e-mail with your travel plans.
If Amy Winehouse would have been in The Matrix... She would have taken both the pills.
": that's called being the best best friend ever(:" heck yes man best I EVER had (:
Reminder: February General Meeting and Placement Fair at SMU Legacy tonight! Check in starts at 6:30. See you then!
Thanks for the #FF mention and
going skiing for the 1st time next weekend any tips? I'm a really good ice skater, hoping that helps!
Whoever started the campaign to reinstate Miss Universe Canada, Jenna Talackova - ROCKS!
Never apologize for Being yourself if someone doesn't like it they don't deserve you
No, I will be out of town. Are you at SXSW?
We need to plan a brunch with mimosas! Next sun? You have to see how freaking cool Jude is! He will be TWO on May 1 already!
Veras throws hard. Why is he always nibbling?
I'm sorry, but every morning this week Obama is on the TV talking. Do our lawmakers do anything but talk? Talk is cheap!
- I enjoyed this post a lot. At least you asked. Took me 10 years to realize you need to ask. Or better yet, tell: "Let's go ___"
always wanted to do that.
All I do is try my hardest for you.. I guess it's not enough.
happens to me too, just proof for that Pod loves Fantasy guys more, replaces FToday pod.
Need extra pocket cash? Bring your old gold & platinum pieces into be scrapped! Come in by the 30th & receive a free lunch to Elliotts too!
Allergy and sleep deprivation are kicking my ass
Send me a roll via text lol
Amanda French #dpla Wants "gleeful rendezvous" with soul and body of a library
CFB is definitely one of the greatest sports in this country. The passion of the fan bases is unmatched.
Rams on the clock
Thanks :) btw, when I visit, I'll make something just for you <3
I hate that I always get my hopes up >.<
#EarthDay celebration happening now on Market St. Corridor, nxt to City Hall. Stop down for music, eco-stories, local food & more til 1pm.
RT : RT : 2.5 weeks until Christmas! Have you decorated for the Holidays yet? Stop by SOCO!
Enjoyed a great meal tonite, fixed and prepared by a good, good friend.
RT : SHOUTOUT TO MY ( ATLANTA ) FOLLOWERS.
Simple issues << Put me in the ER. -__-
This guy is seriously trying to hit on her. Lol omg he doesn't even know how. Bitch gtfo.
: after placing my order via mobile, I should be able to drive up to the window, scan my phone, pick up my order. Done.
I don't like people in general.
that's so unfair! Only in Chicago will they say you can't even camp out for passes to a signing! Wow
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods
eyyyyy "dances salsa all ova my livin room" ;) RT joints in rotation! Even got my momma groovin
going to Hayward and San Francisco to visit some family today. should b fun :D
Hitchcock did the same thing. It's the TRUST factor. No man is an island, but it takes a capt to run a ship.
The guy on espn radio that does the soccer updates, his spanish accent is so thick I can't understand a word he says besides espn radio.
12,000 steps so far today. The only upside to moving.
hahahaha I see him!
A very busy #dayofdh. Now I need to figure out when #dayofbloggingaboutdayofdh is going to be.
the "calendar" video was seriously amazing. Please post it online!!
Black Wood Vein marble - Marble handicrafts|marble design|marble ...
....and I just talked to one who said almost exactly that - :)
Tagliani bha come by the garage I will introduce him to you. bryan herta is a scary guy lol
Adapting safety programs for the aging workforce The health and safety of the rapidly growing number of older U.S. workers demand employe
I guess I'm going to bed early =/
Yay for Wednesday! $10 off all bottles of wine, all night. Happy #WineWednesday!
Here we go. First airport run of the year. 1st home game tonight. Good to be back in baseball and im excited to be w/ the
I should really clean my room before I leave for Tennessee... Anyone wanna help? :D
you're too adorable. <3 :D
Ed Rapuano is one of the worst umpires in Baseball. I never could stand that guy.
Russell Westbrook is about to assassinate Ramon Sessions and his toro defense.
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 13
Luck just got his buddy to throw to
Ur welcome:) following back
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you cannot change.
scaffolding gets danger close to traditional lesson design and away from the social aspect
Thanks for joining us at #MastersPOV this year!
Yep. That, the demo tape and the CD.
I'm waitin on my homeboy
I wish Dick and Mud would challenge Jed instead of kissing his ass. What we have now on offense is NOT working. Need hitters.
I usually wait until after breakfast to turn my swag on
heard the "Socially Awkward" joint on dope ish sir.
very much!
So, So True!!
Downtown is really noisy today for some reason with all the cop cars and paramedics
love patois. Hit cochon too
<3 The best show.
Bouncy Easter eggs, psychedelic spinny things, Pink Floyd...
Hey Thank for yest! I had a lot of fun, sorry if i was a lil lame, i was a wee bit tired but i tried to hang in. Plus i'm not
There is enough petrol in a full tank of a Jumbo Jet to drive an average car four times around the world
This day went from good to bad in a matter of 30 mins.
follow me please
#ThingsThatBotherMe People who can't take a joke. Or people without a sense of humor.
Who sells Sprees anymore? Can't find. Major issue
Soulless lovers and a sea of heartless hipsters
Love that shot--and CONGRATULATIONS!
Retweet If your thinking about someone right now! <3
fck a bitch
that's like a peanut butter and shit sandwich
Now go follow ! He's part of the crew and a bad ass...
i have a similar sister. maybe not apocalypse fearing, but fear-of-life-in-general. thankfully my brother evens it out.
Social Media Protip: If I accept a connection with you, your first message should not be an automatic, impersonal sales pitch.
tamale place with daad :)
Just so you know Eric, this Row guy babbles alot!! J/K Nikos
<3LOL I forgot a heart
I'm gonna give up caring for lent.
nvr loved the crew .. They all loved me #FACT 😉 (; #getitRight lol
Fuckin pee pee potato bread, taylor makes me eat it!
I see #Alcatraz hasn't dropped the gratuitous violence though :-(
fugg yes!! where do you work!?
That's true
Seriously. How did I drive long hauls before smart phones??
so this is a group invite and we should BE there!!!
Merry Christmas twitter!
oh yes. Agreed!
Thank You all for the shout outs.
Trap or die...
Middle age: When you can't decide between "why bother" and "why not".
Iight bulb > : if you're business isn't being duplicated, either you missed the mark or you're too far ahead of the curve
Moden Times Coffee House Open Mic Awesome
I appreciate a good texter.
Show some support to your towns locals and tag us in a #musicmonday with all your favorites! We'll send out free DDE bracelets to all who do
I miss you guys and love you too! Send me that girls info when you can and I'll send out some Alchemy
The Steelers are razor sharp so far.
TONIGHT @ Omni (2567 W Bancroft Toledo). Come hang out!!
And one more AH flick: Angry Harvest w/ Armin Mueller-Stahl - to anyone who's following this exchange: GO OUT & RENT DVD NOW
This slot sure wasn't my idea. But I'll work on the chocolate anyway
Why'd you do that? Are you a swimmer now or are you just doing it for the silky smoothness?
In the limo partying it up
I don't see the "cuteness" or "sexiness" in someone who does drugs. I don't do it cause I'm scared; it's more cause I think it's stupid.
Evan Lionel's the joy & pain of fatherhood benefit please come out and support it will be held at stevies on ventura in encino 10$ cover
I love Jason Mraz
Interested in all things #foodallergy ? Follow . Justin will be doing some great things. I should know. I live with him!
All these new rappers have no social commentary. talking bout swag and money. All that's gone do is get you relieved of your belongings
Oh thank god! You're alive!
Is that the dude from Short Circuit?
Dexter. Mind. Blown.
Wedding schmedding : as a barren spinster I can't afford that sort of rot
Congrats on their win tonight to advance to the NIT Semi-finals!
NOO he's supposed to stay in america forever! :(
“: nah im n Austin i left rite afta the concert”I still don't like you
really rough it's it sweet when it's that kind of rough (~);}
Everyones going through something. I get it.
The purpose of life is to fight maturity. Werthimer, Dick
Hoping the #Cubs can win a series with a win today!
Only been a day, and unsure how gonna make it through rest of campaign hearing same Rick Perry stories over and over
true. Thought it was funny.
I Need To Start Textin People Back . I'm Always Too Lazy To Answer Tho lol
Thanks so much! I can't wait to read the article.
#Sextips while eating the vagina grab her thighs so when she cums you can keep going until she kicks you off her
Inhale breath, not food.
that was my library growing up! We did story hour there :)
Hey ;) How are you?
I hope you have the joy of having a child one day. Greatest gift ever regardless of what they do
That is, google.cn or google.com.hk are accessible outside of China. Not so sure about inside China.
Coincidences only happen in movies.
Everyone Should Help & Trend Mahomies Love Mama Mahone ! ♥
I like your end-game. Brave or not!
tell him to follow the bus!!
Mashed potato afternoon at Mammoth! But sweet sailings this morning!!
gowalla! it's an Austin business and we love it!
I want canes. 😞
Ps3 or 360?
I love my boys ❤
Don't forget about the show Wed. night at One Eyed Jacks in Fairborn Ohio! Special Guest Opener Blue Moon Soup! New shows to announce soon!
Baseball is awesome Did u know that huh twits
I'd say I'd bake you a cake just so I can blow you off. A la last night... :D
jeremyriad Damn you: he drinks a Whiskey drink, he drinks a Vodka drink. He drinks a Lager drink, he drinks a Cider drink
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWERS
says i look remotely stoned
the link isn't working :(
. No copyright restrictions re: copyright in deed of gift. But did he have the rights? Who holds the copyright?
The egg nog ones - gonna send 'em to all my favorite computer geeks! :)
The Phoenix Suns are hosting the Houston Rockets today at the US Airways Center. For game tickets, call now: 888-493-0004
I have set my FB preferences so that I am never supposed to get emails about anything from FB. Does FB honor my settings? Not a chance.
So thinks LeBron James' beard looks pubey.
but of course my dear, it's very yummy!!
When u love someone and the same person dont love u back it really hurts
RT : We're open reg hours Good Friday & our 7-day banking offices will be closed on Sunday for Easter.
Can't wait.. I'm so pumped up to finally see this.. and trying to go in a spoiler free as possible.. which is rare for me.
2 more followers till 3k! The next 2 ill send you a copy of your favorite WBR record!
aww. I love her second album. it's not for everyone I guess. :P
- Tough game tonight, w/some super intense moments. Let's hope we can take it next 2.
Hey laptop, how about you work for me tonight? I know you wish you were something other than a dell.. Pls Dont take it out on me.
I enjoy your tweets John.
(whispering) so guys, we need 2 up our game. Can't let St. Paul crowd be the fav with 'notes'
my girl brings out the best of me.
Naps are the best.
Wow, a pick six by someone other than
Second part of Gitelman's talk: Holding Electronic Networks By the Wrong End.
Some Selenators need help.
Residual & Full time income. Doesn't pay to work a real job anymore. C what I do! It is amazing 4 people. Save time, make money, share. 4212
Donald young is a beast.
Thank you for the Shoutout! I hope you have a great weekend!
Poor Biden. His reign as the highest ranking U.S. official to support gay marriage was just so brief.
Thanks Todd!!!
morning! It went very well...lots of good information, but I'm just going to be a good husband and do the best I can ;)
Oh I understood it (I tweeted lol) but had to add more.....
The new #SachaBaronCohen movie #TheDictator looks hilarious & U can be one of the 1st to see it. Tix coming up w/ at 7:30p
And it's not even summer. Come back in July for some real fun.
I have not, but I can only imagine. Would love to let loose with a brick of Tri-X in Memphis dude.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you show me how much i mean to you. And you're nice and funny.
Great Rainy, Cloudy weather down here in San Diego! Perfect for writing. out for coffee in a bit, hope you all are great!
So guess what guys. School is stupid. And so is your mom.
Just got done watching the lion king(: I love that movie!!
#TurnberryToDo: From pandas to polar bears, stuff a plush bear & design its own matching T-shirt | Laguna Lawn at 3:15pm | $10
Wait...Journey cannot be played right now. It's early and I'm sober.
Who needs bread when you have Nutella?!
is like a whole 10 feet from me! Wha?
I switched Siri's voice setting to Australian and now speak to my phone with a terrible Aussie accent. #g'day
Thank you so much! <33
The challenge for speculators wanting to buy vacant townhouses is that conventional lenders won’t finance
Same !! RT : I get giddy when I see my friends accomplishing great things!
Thanks girl! xoxo :)
we need to get writing boys!!!
About to finish catching up on my shows and make these index cards
Nothing Chilln. Need to call my cellphone tonight.
I love sports RT it you do to!
I love U Bae
next time you're in Indy & actually have a date lined up you need to grab dinner here. #VIPtreatment -KJ
Goodnight (: Have fun in California! x
haha surprised this picture turned out so well.
#mikewallace RIP Mr. Wallace. I grew up watching and learning from the news you shared.You are part of my American history experience.PEACE
Health care in Oregon sucks. I have an extended relative in her 20s who can't get an MRI and is going to an extended care home. Seems wrong.
Well thank you thank you thank you!
No man fails, or can fail, who so grandly gives himself and all he has to a righteous cause.
Yes! Perfect!
Bittman: we have to stop marketing soda to kids and we should tax soda like we do cigarettes.
sportscenter is the
Don't jinx this.
Congrats u deserve it!
So when are we getting married babe?
it made my night
Am I the only one who thinks it was cruel for the city to put a community college next to #StuyvesantHS?
I might be homeless tomorrow. My mortgage company looks to be hanging me out to dry and I don't know what to do.
like your gonna sew one?
Just signed up with a new email address. Did you finally record Vegas?
Finally able to tweet #atthewh. Wonderful panel of speakers this morning
Twitter yourself.
Story definer, bow tie designer, patent decliner, musically finer.
They don't -- and I've never understood why. Maybe because they want you to buy travel cups/mugs instead?
Avoid topical stories. If you lose your voice and have to put out a re-run, you don't want people hearing dated jokes.
I have entered the world of grading papers...well after school is out for Spring
Time for ghost hunters
after a tough win against Arizona last night Badger men take on Gonzaga in Hawaii tonight at 8:30! www.yourbuckysports.com
Just keep swimming! About all the positive affirmation I can muster.
Now is a good time to exchange your student rental instrument for a better one - do this in September and pay nothing your first month!
"Now we are finally free" -Prison Break
Iced coffee is so good.
#CAPS v #Bruins RT Stay strong #Caps Nation!
The love of a family is lifes greatest blessing.
Let's Tweet About Lauren XD
If sanctification doesn't follow justification, then justification hasn't happened.
happy mothers day :) even though baby Jesus not here yet
Hi Dave, thanks for following, I see you're in ACN. would it be ok if I shared my free generic recruiting tool with you?
Even if some bitch is crossing your territory, just let her do her thing. You'll look better if you just act like she's not there.
glad you liked it
323! I actually saw you once at The Magic Castle when Ed Alonzo was performing!
RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
YES! GUEST SPEAKER IN MY WORLD RELIG CLASS. So jazzed right now.
Tune in at 4:00 today to 1010am sports radio! Happy Hour with JP Peterson. Great show planned today about increasing your energy.
Novelists must not say "like" every other word.
And Merry Christmas to you Jon!
The Clippers said, "fuck you mcterry we're gonna lose tonight!" Well you know what, fuck it, you mtfs! ltm, im pissed!
Duly noted.
So Devin Hester just admited he is a big baby....If anyone is suprised by that you haven;t been paying attention.
Guys with messy hair :D
What is up with the cracked out Mickey Mouse?
We want to know what local independent record stores you'd like to see in. Give us a list!
Quote of the Day: "I believe we should all pay our tax with a smile. I tried - but they wanted cash."
Learn to Install a CCleaner into Portable Apps |
Does her Fox contract allow her to talk to other cable networks?
#FamousLies I love you.
Sure! Just let us know what you need from us :-)
with you on that! and then the bachelorette:)
Great #wineweb session! Shoot us a tweet with any ideas about future topics to discuss during our Wine and Web!
Let us all remember: "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
People up each other asses
your one of those.....
#Savage RT": Lls I Dont Mind Struggling To Stay Awake For My Food"
": People need to learn what effin 20% is!!!! Stupid stupid people" we could be so lucky if people actually learned how to TIP!!!
when I seen it it wasnt!
I bet Super Cards fan was crapping his pants last night.
I will park myself at one of your computers tomorrow and watch for it! Big plans!
The Hobbit is great but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a production
who's this about.?
The biggest cockroach ever was walking over my foot! I'm scared now
Nice of the NHL to not allow goalkeepers to play today
edamame spread: shelled edemame, mint, walnuts, onion, garlic, lemon juice, olive oil, salt. whirl. adjust. whirl. eat. ah...
Nope... Timebomb by BECK! so much fun!
I will be taking the stage at Governors Comedy Club here in Levittown tonight 10pm!!!
It's better to chase dreams than to let the uncertainty of what could have been chase you.
Merry Christmas!
me too!
Stumbled upon a gem for the EvE competition. I'm sure it'll be the most poplar choice tho.
I don't have to talk pretty for them no more
There is nothing more haunting than the echoey guitar wail of Frank Eaglesmith's Rodeo Boy
“I have a theory that every time you make an important choice, the part of you left behind continues the other life you could have had.”
Thank you being awesome and retweeting #artsmgtchat!
I treat people the way they treat me. Its pretty simple
Thanks buddy! I appreciate it!
These are days of possibility.
Happy Friday!
My phone really is a freaking distraction for me!
thank you for running
And I now have Twitter on my mobile. I can tweet from a distance now =D
would have been nice for the #Rays to get a win against the #yankees tonight. Hopefully they can get back on track tomorrow.
Tonight! : The Drums and : Jon Auer with Simon Lynge
#RINGER SEASON FINALE TONIGHT AT 9 ON CW20. What are your predictions? Will Bridget finally come clean?
that should give us ample time to prepare. ;)
Who is this?
I hope it settles for you! Remember, one challenge at a time.
just did a fitness class with my mom. I feel so accomplished ^.^
Well I did not have that one
Enjoy limo deals with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
with Jesus in the boat you can smile in a storm, smile in a storm, smile in a storm! smile Jesus & i love you!😁
HELL YEAH! o(♥﹏♥)o
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. - Lao Tzu -
Going to try and get in a run at the park with my love.
gd morning sexy! Hope u slept well. I hav wat u want/need right here. *hands u hot cup o coffee*
I'm on my hands and knees I will meet you anywhere in Baltimore tomorrow please it'll be my birthday
It's too bad that email wasn't better -- could at least include links for folks to share on Facebook and twitter.
I'll let you see the citation in French tomorrow. It's too long to post on here or DM.
#LeviLowrey is The Best Man I've met.
#Thunderstorm Time #Milwaukee !
so criptic and meaningful Kerry
Great demo today at sales meeting
We are glad to bring the peanut chews, which have a special place in our heart because they are
“: The Jr. High has the most annoying emergency alarms ever.”
Good to know. Thanks!
They was so dayum close!
If you have a photo of yourself in 67 or MTNG send it to me to post! Or 'share' the photo with us yourself :)
but no one pays attention to the little people. Not the starving actors or musicians that haven't made it yet, like myself.
Every school day is the same boring routine. We gotta change it up
RT : Just got confirmation from Doc Rivers that Ray Allen will play for the Celtics against the Sixers tonight.
It Actually wasnt
he's a good coach. That's all that matters.
SU design students encourage Syracuse residents to &quot;Explore Your Own Path&quot;on Onondaga Creekwalk
#iDoNotSupport Off-Shore Drilling
I am so envious. So envious.
Shopping in character! That's a great idea.
If you're a business and you don't respond to Tweets/Messages from your customers...you're a dick.
I'd like to retweet this, but I can't. :D
Happy Mothers day to my mom() and all the other moms ! :)
I'm standing here staring at you and I'm begging please don't go I want you to know that I'm yours for the taking.
but cat be so happy if cat get this. Why u not happy?
Choose what the item is from the dropdown list, pick a color and brand, and you're done! You can always edit it if you mess up :)
(grave) I think, however, we have many many mainframe ghosts running around. Wonder if we'll have a PC (poltergeist computer)
My acoustic/soft playlist is must when I'm writing or drawing.
NUGGETS FANS NEED TO STOP ACCEPTING THIS
taxes. ugh
Sorry about the garza tweet. Mustve missed the pitching change while cooking a steak..thanks!....btw-I'm about done with veras.
you do it right, he just might buy you a car ;)
I want to win a $100 gift certificate to
Oh that's awesome! :))
Keep building on what we've got. Don't start over. No more motherships.
Ohh why why why
love that Alicia Keys song! Love it
The store is quiet and Frank won't be in for another four hours! Come talk to me
#GetAustinToTheTop10 ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH, MAKE A WISH AND SAY<3
i always tell people "my mom said i can't" when people i don't feel like putting up with ask me to hang out
Happy Friday Nikki!! Are you worried about Irene in NYC like me?
You, every single one of you, are amazing. I am blessed to know you.
A successful #SMWWDC event needs: 1. Interaction 2. Relevancy 3. Attendees. NAILED it, any other good ones out there?
Such a beautiful day & then there are the 2 squirrels barking at each other in the tree outside my window. C'mon guys fight at another tree!
Guinness is good for you…and the PTSD from yesterday. Come on it and enjoy a pint & our Ladies’ night specials!
A goodnight kiss from my one true love every night, is the ultimate goal of my life.-Rock Christopher
All I want to say is, who's John Blake?
Just got coast to coast, poster, nd t-shirt in the mail!!!!!!! Yayyyy I'm so happy!!!! :D
Definitely. And there's a great academic paper waiting to be written on this.
Only if if was a fifth...
‎"May the lantern of my life move gently this night into all the places where light is needed." -Macrina Wiederkehr
Fabulous fingernail moon. Just right to see black on blue.
tweets? What is this?
TIP FOR THE DAY: Do NOT angle your keyboard by using the little legs on the bottom. Doing so may cause tendinitis - I learned the hard way!
WTF did I just see?!?!
at the mall.
Romo to Garrett: Do it, do it, I dare you.
The pistachio commercial with the #winklevoss #twins is HILARIOUS
"Life is real, even for a cellphone you need a plan."
Dr. Ca$hmoney.
Happy Monday to you! :)
"Pretty much the only reason I keep my cat is to enjoy the look of utter disgust on her face when she sees me naked."
Need a bottle of mascotto
follow me
Congratulations to Kristen Rubis (Vail), the 500,000th USTA League Tennis player in Colorado history.
You're the BEST! Certainly u know it! RT : we gave a bottle of ur vodka. Keeping it local in KC!
I love how gives out his kik but doesn't reply </3
Hibbert playing great D on Bosh
I hope everyone has gotten off the couch today. A beautiful day like this should not be wasted!
hahaha shushsh I don't have that mouth 😝 😷
I had the best freaking massage yesterday. Why can't i re-live that hour again?
Photo shoot after vacation which means I'll be tanner! I'm ready to prove to the world you don't have to be skinny to be a model!
I'll be watching LA too. I wish NCIS was 2hrs as well but I'll get over it eventually lol.
I WOULD LOVE THAT
Hell yea
just recieved 2 new beats that fit me perfect.. im gonna murda them joints..
I'll be in TX next weekend... I may cry when my plane hits the ground. I love my home are there any more #peoplelikeus ?
sounds so grown up on #BOYFRIEND ; it's a must-have :)
oh I know, he's playing it well
My body is sore! <<<<< Hardwork last night..
Bilderberg: As impressive as The League of Nations. Bunch of people patting themselves on the back as the world kicks them in the rear. EXT
Shankar: the ethnographic tension created by how people see their own class category vs. the class category projected on them
Dahhh! Simply approach!
haha yea me too
try a local NKY Italian place...Pompilio's in Newport!
All these cheens on my TL
its name's nice. Yeah I love it!
Working on Choral Journal Archive. There are some interesting articles...apparently our concerns haven't changed much over time...
Me: i'm just reachin' for your necklace! Dad: Talkin' to my mom about this little bitch from Texas. Nice, dad.
Watching that movie.
#congrats Nathan Fillion your TV best Drama Actor
Very good idea from to review all yr mobile apps on device with various combos of accessibility settings
Imma Be A Cheerleader Next Year!!! :D
Said it yesterday, saying it today...Florida State WILL defeat Carolina. One time for Tallahassee!
No one is ugly after my bed time ;)
Thanks! So did you! Our table had prolly 50% of the talent in the bar. Wish I could count Steve but he belongs to the world.
: One last happy birthday to 19 good years and heres to many more 🍻
The Pink Cadillac that was busting out of the front of the Hard Rock Cafe Orlando has been removed. :(
When crate training a #puppy start with short amounts of time and gradually increase it
Goodmorning... I'm up early getting my oil changed... gotta stay rolling
thanks for the mention. Glad you enjoyed yourself!
Doing Nothing is not an Option. If you prefer to sell your house, this can be negotiated to save your credit. Contact me, I can help.
#cwcon when vitanza asks you to hum, you hum.
I hear ya. I'm thinking of getting rid of everything except my handspun. :\
you'll be glad you did!
If you were wondering like and I were, Bruno Mars is Puerto Rican/Filipino.
bout to just go to sleep!
new EP on is very good 4 your <3
I was hoping it had a mid-40's slightly-paunchy,coming-off-major-knee-surgery, hates-2-run category. I'm all over it.
I'm so tired!!!
hangin bro , im in the same shit , sometimes ppl will never understand. cant trip on what we cant change brah
RT : Any New Years Resolutions?...to be richer, smarter & stronger
Yeah, I wish DCist could break away from the -ist Empire. They're killing it.
looks like we have ourselves a date ;)
smh how you gon talk about me then tell me your recovering now?? Lol smh
I didn't think I was gonna have time.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them. -Albert Einstein
I have a headache after that.
hows your week? Did you get my last email?
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
With bastards, disability geeks, and eunuchs in harems, #orphans8 is a Tom Waits album waiting to happen.
#cookingtip Unfamiliar with preparing beets? Roast them in the oven at 350 F for 1 hour. After they've cooled, the skin peels off easily
Kinda want to cancel my facebook account but then realized id miss half the invites for stupid shit i actually might attend.
hope you feel better!
i'll send you some pictures of the boys hahaha:)
Everybody thats going to Prom '12, HAVE FUN! Fuck being safe, LIVE IT UP!
if the product is not made in China then you have no hope of competing.
Getting a pedicure ;)
Monster Mania Monster Truck Show coming to Lazy E Arena on Jan. 7 & 8! Hope you can make it out! Lazye.com for more info! RT!
Word through the grapevine is that you're a fellow Trojan... Fight on.
You're very welcome! Happy to support such talented people! Best, ~ROMAN
Absolutely outrageous. RT : Can you believe in WI they're repealing #EqualPay laws? This hurts women and families.
Been catching all of the NYE run thanks to app. Thx !!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY LADIES!!!! ENJOY YOUR DAY!!!!
I can't tomorrow--full day. I'm going to go Saturday or Sunday though. Y'all have fun!!
The Crumbling of America is on the history channel - WOW WE need to turn our attention homeward in a big way
RT : Kelley: None of the left/right lang connects with the language of ppl living in fear in these states.
Good to be home :) No plane rides for a good week or so!
Great win and big momentum booster for the bucks! Knicks have the tougher schedule down the stretch, let's make a run!!
Bolton still in the plans for next season, and when can we expect u back with the USNT?
I am not in the mood for a lazy Sunday.
Excited to be speaking at 'The Next Billion Dollar App! How to Take Your Idea from Concept to App Store!'
Get ur celebrity look on with our Camouflage Cargo Pants in green n grey for only $29.99!!!!!!!!!
We just want a little meat without your bible.
1000? #packernation can do better than that! RT : Wanna get to 1k followers by end of draft.Can u make it happen packernation
It's National Bookmobile Day! Celebrate by making your own Storymobile - www.ala.org/bookmobiles/
out indefinitely...ruh roh. sucks to hear that. get well soon ! and enjoy the desperate housewives finale while you rest
completely clear in 15213, at least the ten feet of it i can see through the office next door's window...
Goodnight gonna watch a movie in bed
Just saw some candy canes in this grocery store. I can't figure out if these dudes are really proactive or really lazy
I swear I have feelings for you but my heart is elsewhere...
you were awesome last night at show! Hush was a real joy to see performed live! Bravo to you and the whole crew!
Tomorra is my Birthday... 😜
RT : finally created a Twitter list of those followers who are local. Lists ca be a great tool
S/o handz down best concert I eva been 2 n my lyfe. Yu killed Dallas. Other cities look out club paradise tour comn lyk a category5..
look at his next tweet bitch!
I never tire of watching
You know it was a successful night when you run across not one, but two pair of panties in the street as you walk to the car.
wow..you did all that work? You do it all dont ya!
Can't wait for this one! Northpilot with 5/16
I woke up and read this tweet. I've never craved teriyaki tenderloin at 8 am.... #untiltoday. Ps come to DC for Maryland game
"Boobs are fun"
GUYS...FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Don't forget he's lowering the flag at half mast for Whitney's funeral.....he's an ass
Lavender is used extensively in herbalism and aromatherapy. It is commonly used to relieve stress and enhance relaxation. Try it in a bath.
Thx for the RT on Headline 101 post. Just followed you too. Cynthia
why are you on message boards?
Did you actually do karaoke? Or is bambi referring to you being addicted to love?
Its time to just be friends now its the best for both of us I will never forget are memories, I will always love you but its over
Btw.....beautiful day!
No Artichoke Spinach Dip in a Bread Bowl... okay... okay... fine... fine. Looks go tho.
No comment ! lolx
I love my friends :) best night in a while!!
Hope to see you tomorrow! :-)
Gracias mi Pita ❤
Hello, Eric! I hope to be back in the tweet of things again soon!
#getrich Succes is if you loose everything and truly be okay with it: would be a fun challenge
#FF awesome bands & musicians
Great to see you last night at 's awesome #smcrva gig.
Yay! First day of vacation and there's a flameware on my FB.. with *gasp* a bunch of people I don't give a crap about.
keep scrubbing it will be worth it
No Build Day this Saturday folks but don't panic!!! Everyone come out on behalf of Habitat to support Service Saturday and M.A.X.
huh? o.O
Banquet for the national tournament
your song "Can't Stop Feeling" fit in perfectly w/rest of my playlist for my #CoreFusion #Barre class! Can't wait to play it!
Hey , know anyone who wants to come pick up some trash from the streets today?
Vegas is great! You should really enjoy it! Everyone who's come up has that I know :)
Is this working?
Ribeye on the grill. Potato in the oven. Good day.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 2
thinking of a master plan...
❤ Happy Valentine's Day to all our followers. ❤
Cosign. RT : I hate social readers on Facebook.
I have an almost boyfriend who would but doesn't have my copy of the book. Or means to get it back xD
I want a pop tart.
My dentist told me to stop eating sugar! Going sugar free will be challenging! I love sugar. :(.....
Do let me know once you finish it. I sat through the whole thing from the 3rd row at LA Film Fest. Could have done another 4 hrs.
Just got a 34% on my ch 4 algebra 2 test. Hahahahaha
Happy Hump Day to you as well!
I never had felt my heart broken like it is now
ineed my muffin :(
was watching 's interview on tv,and I called him, and he said he had a feeling I was about to call. Ha its destiny!!!
Wow this Travyon Martin case is something.. Shows Americans how bad some laws have been put in too place.. Justice for Travyon Martin...
Honestly did Cristina agulara get a boob job cuz in all the other voice shows they weren't tht big??
that poster is a really big mistake! My eyes are melting.
I love you, yet I kind of want to murder you :)
I haven't been out of the house today except to get #McDonald's on Wedington. Not healthy I know but convenient right? No. So slow.
good news! though i hope the food hadn't been saved since Festivus or you may find yourself not eating again for awhile...
dont be scared of the come up fool
Robbins Wolfe Eventeurs hopes that everyone had an enjoyable holiday weekend. We definitely ate enough...
Happy April fools day! Hehe is your refridgerator running? Better go catch it....
got our new home ------ wont be ours but i think we can make it home
ooh baby it's a wild world
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all. McWilliams, Peter
It's Monday, which means is wrapping up the weekend in the sports world. Let's Go!
Out chckn on my street team ProRunners, I tried to catch dem slipn lol but they on dey A-GaMe! It's E.V.A. Pro.! July 16th @ mandees b dehr!
Wat u do in tha dark comes to tha lite
Haha. I'd pay to see that! RT : Um...the Cambry Show?
Tonight was legit💚 #legitmoments(:
Are you sporting a Dalí, a handlebar, or a Fu Manchu? Get 10% off your bill when you show off your ‘stache today for #Mustache Monday!
i just follwed u back
I feel like such a rebel
That just made up for everything! Go Williams! #gopack!
Oh, no. So sorry.
I wanna be an astronaut!! #spottheshuttle next to the Washington Monument
Oh nice! I recently started a new position (same employer) & am still learning the new job. Are you excited?
what a great weekend casting done
Board scores FINALLY came and guess who's ceremoniously burning their flashcards?
DJ Joanie B. plays all your favorites tonight. Word on the street is that there may be dancing...
jalapeno residue on fingers while peeing. OOPS
All I do is for the glory of God!! Thank you for this blessed day! Tomorrow should be great, as another day awaits!
Glad I found your blog! I've been eating #dairyfree for a long time and just discovered an intolerance to eggs and nuts.
Band announcements for Warped have begun and we need all of your support!! Go tell you want This Romantic Tragedy 2012!!
my heart is shattering thank you omg ah yall are cute but waaaaaaat about take it easy aaahhh
Ew, really? Chris Brown? Not a huge fan of #DWTS employing woman abusers for the entertainment breaks.
GREAT FALLS, Mont. (AP) -- Ryan Leaf has reached a plea agreement on drug and burglary charges in Montana.
Follow me 4 free!!!!!!!!! Thats what the deal is!
makes money sponsoring bills like #sopa & #pipa, hollywood lining his pockets
The use of essential oils combined with steam inhalation can achieve physical & mental soothing effects.
some one come pick me up!!!! im dying of boredom..
THANK YOU, #desperatehousewives for years of fabulous, wonderful entertainment! et al (U have no idea...)
RT : “Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” -Dr Seuss
Because I'm a lazy butt who should be studying. And I'm still at the top, I only keep going because of who's my voice.
Oden to b waived
Golly gee I have lazy bones and close to none inspiration woootwooot.
Is it true rihanna webt in a drug and alcohol binge? Wouldnt be shocked
wanted a camera that does it all. Comes out in 2 wks. $400.00 underwater also
The referees have checked out of this game..no fouls called..no concept of a pivot foot.
#LAMHarvard MCloonan: Simmons is launching Cultural Heritage informatics. GSLIS with Archives strengths are bringing in the museums.
I have not driven or started my Land Rover D-90 in over 9 months and she started right up on the first crank today. Go figure.
#cainesarcade is coming up on the nbc nightly news with Brian Williams. Amazing!
Honey Cocaine > Nicki Minaj, at the moment.
thank you love! :-)
. Thanks for the shout! How ya doing, Seth?
I feel like an SLP leech all the time! Don't feel bad, it's not just you. LOL
HAHAHA just do it. I won't judge you. I'll just make sure you never hear the end of it.
yeah your right ^^
BACHATA & BURLESQUE (Exotic Dance for Everyday Women) TONITE at Dance Studio! Don't miss these fun and sexy dance classes!
Mhm...“: I really don't want to go to school tomorrow”
a victum bobbie d still knew what he was doing wrong yes its shit to throw someone under a bus but a victum wrong
Peace and Blessings to you and your family ... I hope you are doing very well!! Peace .. P
What's up?!
I can't help what I'm thinking.
Ready 4 Battle of the Exes Reunion.
Moving blows. I can't wait until its all over with. Maybe I'll never move again! Jokes
Guess ill watch tv til my eyes close.
OMG!! I FORGOT Jorge Antonio Vasquez && M'f Whisper Red IM GOING TO DELETED THE VIDEO AND DO IT AGAIN
I hope you fall in a fire
Maybe that'll break the nervous energy .... Yup. Casper, knockdown.
Barflying it at the Hideout then Manhattan Drugs.
Guess who Parkers dating? Nasty ashley. LOL lets see how this ends
RT i called my mother and told her happy mothers day and she said happy mothers day to you to....... 0_o • Hahaha xD
Pls god let that last tweet from mean he's about to start an insane Kim Jong Il rant...it's been way too long.
UGGS are the ugliest things ever, I've never had a pair nor will I ever....
Steady as a preacher, free as a weed.
People keep leaving and I keep getting new polos.
sounds like something that (I imagine) does on a daily basis. Seen him edit in photo pit before next band goes on.
I'm thinking about doing a hosting tour, you guys know any good features and headliners I could bring along?
To have and keep an empowering integrity requires a lifetime
#NewYork #Jets fans: what do you think about possibly getting Tebow? Avg Jets tix last yr were $172
I love White ppl
follow on his summer journey ... nyc will miss him this summer.
looks like you were hacked homeboy
I'll get a move on.
Be careful with Newt. Man who marries his mistress creates an opening in the position!
Dear #DC, today's #weather, much better. Thx.
theme for this years #getready #syep #job training placement initiative 'got the hookup'? We help ppl find jobs and help them get #skills!
Adele is gorgeous!!
crazy after party . Makin hella connections for
Really? Toy Story?
No Mac version, looks like :(
I'll sit with ya
thats such an aries comment lol
#supportlocalmusic Live with a few long songs.
really behind on homework, goodnight
When you go to download an app and it says "this app is not compati
being a loyal Gunner like we are deserves a reward. SHOW THIS TEXT - you and/or a special some get 50% off any spa service
RT : What does "women's health" mean? Which topics are and are not being discussed? Join our #HAchat at 3pm EST to talk
#HappyBirthday #DukeEllington Born April 29, 1899. His 50+ year career performing #American #Music inspired musicians of all genres.
The sky is gorgeous @ this time
Unholy hell, I've never even heard of Attack of the Vegan Zombie! HOW DID I MISS THIS??
FRI it's Wausau, WI at Malarkey's Pub. SAT it's Green Bay, WI at The Crunchy Frog. SUN it's practicing sitting in a van.
Always great to see you ! It's a small world!!!
#rebhan Comfortable earnest. LIked how you concluded, too.
OMG remember Jesse McCartney? Wow I loved him
shmhgsasfhjlhhvsaaaahhhhhh so excited for tomorrow!!!!!!!
wish i would have did some things different in my life ..If I did probably wouldnt be in this predicament
I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time
Any momentum #Romney has gained over the past few contests is slowly being eroded as he loses the South.
I've had three techie wins in one night here! Feeling very blessed that I don't need to buy more computer equipment after all!
Aubrey Huff at second base? Nice job, Giants. Just blew a routine play in 10th inning.
trying for both. Allen is on at 10:15 so probably that before lumineers? Gotta see what casbah set times are.
thanks for the free socks ! they freakin rock!
Glee ended great. But Glee Season 4 is gonna go HAM
all college athletes and college fans follow
hell yeah fuck everyone else
Today's positive goal: organize my home. Out with the old, in with the new. Only way to see improvement in your life is 2cleanse it all <3
<<<EVERYONE GO FOLLOW 3
The one that talks forever?
posted, there is no reason on earth why success will be far from your grasp.
Congrats to the greatest assistant curator!!! She is officially a violet graduate! So proud
doh! #capfringe12 we having been burning the midnight oil over here...
#askzayn mosques in turkey walked before
Leonard: You can get more flies w/honey. Sheldon: You can get even more with manure. What's your point? <-- lol
True love = Fergie's dress. Rihanna's dress is gorg, but her hair = true disaster.
I would so totally support that!
we need to send Dan off in style. What should we do?
Tickets are available now! $10 and all funds go to Children's Cancer Fund of NM. Come see some fantastic kids supporting a wonderful cause
The emerging #kodm productive problem seems to be metamodeling (as opposed to fixing existing best practices, for example)
will perform in the big room at 3p! Don't miss 'em playing a and gig tonight at Rumba Cafe!
she's a puppet.
MT : Newson says release has "absolutely nothing" to do with timing of recall election, didn't consult w/ Gov. before release.
RT : So we spend hundreds of billions of dollars on war, defense, military but 1 on 6 homeless people is a veteran??
Team Obama want #BrianWilliams as the moderator for all presidential debates
I may have to undergo surgery, but I pray that they just inject my knees b/c I don't wanna miss any shows this summer.
Hopefully it gets fixed! Lately my Macbook Pro won't wake up from sleep and I have to hold the power button down!
Pathbrite CEO is showcasing next gen #eportfolio and #knowledgegraph examples. Awesome!
RT : If God Answers ur Prayer, He's increasing ur Faith. If He Delays, He's increasing ur Patience. If that's a great one yo...
oh , i have one coming up to , i wish you luck !
It's gon' be that 1 Houston girl at 's show who's like "f*ck it" & will either a) spraypaint on a dress; or b) wear something see-thru
I got a puppy! Your dog and my dog should get together!
- Re: Dexter...Showtime version or network version?
Next Monday: an EXTRA SPECIAL (hence the caps here) Tailtime! Author/Illustrator Derek Anderson will be here! Party starts at 10:30am!
Yea iv been with his since he put his first video, and i will be with him till he takes his last breath.
