Category 8-a winner is WYCC and Zacuta Films
oh no, check ur DM..i sent the shipping info
she's not as popular as one may think!
Ng: Minority subjects are producing online partnerships that are as compelling and important as the offline world.
. 1-to-1 model. Kids post FB pic of fully grown mushroom farm & gets a kit donated to elementary school of their choice
Im gettin pay- per, look at me now
Just because you've been oppressed doesn't mean you should be in charge.
what did they do now?
BOOM! You're the man. See ya there and thank you!!!
That's why I love Hubie. Right on the call two seconds before the play happens.
Thinking about getting a job with Texas Lawman
In Lincoln ✌shopping time
it'll be okay girlie! keep your head up !  you!
5 billion for Michael Jackson ?? Really I thought he was waayy more then that. He is the greatest for a reason. Long Live the KOP.
Cindarella man is my movie
Playin' T Woods w/ Chris.. Got off to a slow start but not too bad! Similar to real life, my short game is awful.
I think you should start riding a scooter out to the bump from the pen!
You gawt bronchitis? RT : I can't breathe!
what about westside??
I love when people go through my room...
Crap. game tix to #TBWII fell through. My brother is using them. On to much more expensive plan B
Temp, 4 week assignment - Medical Assistant position in the NE area call 881-4339 ASAP! Must have exp w/ blood drws and 1+ yrs current exp.
The famous Thomas O'Brien is the name you're looking for--and thank you for the kudos!
We presented a major offer to a potential investor. From what we know he's excited about the deal. He wins = we win.
I don't even know what I just fucking saw ... jesus christ.. I don't even...
It's Friday, Friday, got to get down, etc.. I'd like to tell you we have Rebecca Black Cherry froyo for you, but that would be a filthy lie.
Gen. X Vapor just bought another customer a Falcon! What will you do with all the money you save on e-cigarettes? www.genxvapor.com
I think she's neat
yes, but when you get into an accident it isn't bone chilling cold outside. :)
hahaha duh! I am not the best w movie quotes obviously
I hate girls that smoke
Terms I love to hate "strong island". Anyone knows who started that one please let me know
so you arent okay!
Yes! How dare you not reply to my email that, if printed, would be 4 pg long. I'm looking forwd to hearing from you tho {sigh}
the Almost video is coming out pretty soon yea?
Thx for the retweet. You are my hero! :-)
mexican and margaritas with Kylie :)
Wanna be stuck up niggas<<<<
Great patio weather and drink specials, vs T-wolves on at 7:00 and no cover all weekend!!
First, I'd like to thank my parents......what do you mean I didn't win the lottery?!
what ever it is let me know cause latley your move is the best move in the A holla at Swamp izzo for me and Ray !
we all make mistakes. Everyday is a learning experience. You don't have to be in school to learn something.
i feel like painting
Josh Gunn talks about how repetitious pleasures are thought excessive and childish. Reminds me of reactions to fanfiction
you'll see the light one day, btw!
Today's goal for the children's reference desk: no crying. (For me, or for the kids.)
Im sick and it feels like it's getting worse!
I had a lot of pictures on that phone... but I have the good ones burned into my memory
yo! that's a major move homie! Let me know when its out so we can promote. You gon need me to come open up for you soon!
"My footsteps are 1 million times louder when I'm going to get a midnight snack."
Check out our new phone number, easy to remember and easy to add to your contact list!! VIP TAXI 520-300-3000 !!
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
For you by keith urban >> ❤❤
I'm so excited it's #MAY tomorrow! Who else is pumped?! :)
Commercial Models come in all sizes, shapes, ages and looks. Learn more at www.howtomodel.com
Quintilian~ Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish.
Good morning!
Thanks for the shout-out! We're thrilled and exhausted in equal measure. So glad you could join us.
Ok i'm getting off now guys. Writing Runaway Love and 2 other stories. Chapter 1 will be up tomorrow :D ~Leanne<21
Sinbad talking at cent catholic auction. Hilarious!
Love the #FabFitFun blog! I check it everyday for the great tips and tricks! Thx for all the awesome info! Amazeballs!
Another Day of School.
R.I.P. Dick Clark, NYE will never be the same.... :-(
Why you dont like me? Cause im extra Dark& Sexy & why you cant satisfy ya wifey & if it wasnt for this mmc exposue cdc, tv lol!
The only problem w/ Monday events is flying out on Sunday, but I am ready to rock an Oakland hotel in the morning.
sup wit ya B
toms at get young @ the beat come say hey! he is wearing a black hat!
enjoy Bora!:) take care always!:) love & miss you all!:)
Awhhhh, shiiiii-. #Congratulations! to da #Youdontknow how excited I am for this upcoming NFL season! :)
I can't wait!
Today was a boring ass day ctfu
tomorrow is my 13th birthday
everyone needs to stop talking #SHIT lmao jk keep going its entertaining!
Hope everyone makes the press conference tomorrow. It's open to the public @ Mardi Gras Casino in cross lanes. 1pm. Fighters etc!!
That's amazing and adorable.
Hehe...I would imagine so! Hubby wants me and the kiddos to learn to ski...I'm kinda accident prone, think I should give it a go?
Filner says he's the only candidate who's talking about relationship between Mexico and U.S.
I was actually at the downtown post office. I don't usually make it out of city center!
Not my most brilliant idea. It did, however, get me thinking about drinking coffee in the morning before the Eugene Marathon.
don't get any more cute. Kay? I just won't be able to take it. (;
RT : Today: on "American Networks, American Nerds," 4 p.m., Research Commons
in an out the studio being on the road doing shows
Trying to go back in my timeline & follow some of the people who helped surprise me with the TT today. Can't believe it's still trending! ♥
If you haven't checked out The Art of Manliness blog, you should. Today. Especially if you're a man.
Every time i half way get to sleep my cell phone rings.. Every time I put it on vibrate my dog barks FUK I just wanna sleep!!! Smh
I don't care what Omaha says they play frisbee football at Memorial Park...Frisbee harder than pillow. I will still be there
Today is National #TellAStoryDay. Tweet us your #Diversity story using the hash-tag: #CulturalUnity!
drunk people say the darnedest things :)!
"The Symphony"..."put a quarter in ya a*s cause you played ya self " *drops mic* RT: Best posse/crew CUT of all time
what's the answer to that question? I'm not pedicabbing tonight. Wanna grab a beer?
Hey , hope #octoberfest was fun...
Wrong Kon. :P
The truth is every man dies , but not every man lives
I always thought it was so spring breaky there, but that place is calling my name.
. But not really - just lately has been noticed by people in the 'first world' with little credit given to long-time activists
guess who's back in the hood...
did he say anything at the end
OMG!!! I just heard Master P and Gucci Mane on a new track On
I used love you guys! I used to buy shoes all the time from you guys in law school. You lost many styles I liked.
College baseball is amazing b/c there are no contracts, just passion!
alls good except #Knicks suckin haha..I'm in #LA in 3 weeks..let's hit the town homie!
#What2ChainzWouldSay i keep her hot, p coat. I beat ya girl like debo. She miss me like shaq free throws. Now her knees hurtin like D. Rose
can't do the 1st...
Just wait until I do a Negative Nelly post about the stress, time & money suck of a renovation. You'll run the other way!
you might want to turn off the auto post in last.fm :)
Every guy or girl on Twitter that LOVES sexy,hot girls should be following !! So F@#king HOT!!!!
Unique Ball Gown Short Strapless Print Homecoming DressUnique Ball Gown Short Strapless Print Homecoming Dress
Way too cute
how yu been??
My mom just made hot dogs, hamburgers, and bacon for dinner. Someone feed me something I can eat please.
On April 24th, 1846 the first blood of the #Mexican-American war was spilled. How long did it take for word to reach President Polk?
Obviously wasn't too ashamed to call in and answer a question to WIN the FREE gass card! Lol...
Thank you!!! :) Hope you guys are enjoying your weekend!!!! :)
What episode were you on? I'll dropbox some to you RIGHT NOW.
y that's cray
UGHH. IM SORRY BUT I HAVE MY SHOVEL READY FOR UR COUSIN.
"I'd be happier if you were sadder." - inarticulate director or really bad boyfriend
RT : Does anyone else try to act natural around cops, even if you didn't do anything wrong?
your beginners luck didn't help much. ahaha
I am a nasty skank.
Yea got my ipod fixed im happy :D
Finally getting Christmas up at North Ave!
Yeah!! RT : If I wasn't playing golf...I would be living in Colorado as a ski bum. Or, I would own a bunch of Chipotles...
Long trip but I finally finally made it home!! Love all my juice boxes next appearance will b posted soon!!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
What a great way to end 2011, & what a great way to start off 2012!
WOW Milwaukee is looking beautiful on this fine day! Who's going to join us in taking in the sunny view & munching down some tasty rolls?
pick up our holiday e.p. "Winter Plunderband" at our next gig--this Fri 11/18 at Club Garibaldi's in Milwaukee!
my county road was in great shape this morning! Thank you!
Shout out to my homie Follow Him #salute Bro
chest hurt!
That's a great point
RT It's the happiest hour. (@ PT's Gold w/ )
"RT : Major back up on Wash Ave. Did people hear is at ?" He deserves a plaque or something.
Yeah, feels like a routine but I do need to find different things to do. So, skype date in a few? :)
Being sick sucks.
i think she should get #notguilty, not enuf evidence! + shes been in jail for 4 yrs & her life is basically over now
what up my bro we gotta hook up on some music shit maybe Ill be falling thru wit Big Cuz soon
-- yeah, to quote you from a different thread, "what could possibly go wrong?" -- QOTD
Ok I tweet from this account like once a day. Lmao
had the pleasure of signing the wall at the Apollo, will share pictures as soon as I can.
At wsop-c event 1. Dealer is warming up pitching lol.
#HeatherMorris is freakin awesome & we will do a #musicvideo & I am dancin' w/that chick!
We overlap all of the time, but will often try to coordinate efforts so that we don't duplicate.
yes it did lol
Agreed!!! “: I never seem to win my fights w/ the database. PastPerfect, why can't u b less logical & more whimsical? Loosen up.”
ya, one of my favorites. Its from Hosea 6
Tired phrase "they would turn back the clock" is deceitful wordplay designed to block recovery of all that had made us great.
Y'know what's tighter than my axle nuts? Friendship :)
We were just eating..and then, BOYFRIEND starts playing. Guess where it caame from. MY BROTHERS FONE. ITS HIS RINGTONE. DEAD. !
hii , how are you ?
It was a great show Mike. Crazy to see how some performers don't appear to age...
Naming someone Hope seems desperate.
"Let's try something different this time. How about we define goals -before- starting the project?"
quick, cheap, fresh, tasty. would definitely recommend. pretty sure today is official opening.
Aaaackk! All the questions I know I need to answer. :) something b/w über professional and über artsy. Descriptive, huh? :)
I did Tai Chi briefly. It was relaxing and kinda fun. I'd try it again, especially to help with my back.
I see you
Hey Hawthorne Burgerville is serving up some great seasonal items...drop by and find out what
I tired just thinkin' about it. I really really commend you. That is awesome.
East Falls #Philly resident discount this weekend. $25 off computer services. Repair, training, upgrades etc etc etc... Give a call!
Usually I hate moms and everyone hates kids, but your twats are fucking hysterical.
"The ability to ask questions is remarkably human"
RT Im meeting with secretary Clinton.
I can go out right now, grab any random woman I see, and marry her, but if I tried to marry a guy I loved it would be illegal. Shameful.
Giving infuses our life with joy and meaning. Providing an eternal perspective that interjects purpose to life. jim woods
what don't u like about him?
SOL today and tired<<<<this isn't gonna go well.
we'll see!
yeah lol, but boring . Wish i was at the beach like everyone else!
OMG. That is crazy!!!!
Tickets to Europe... I haz them. :D
Watching my red meat intake. Had to settle for a Tuna Melt. It was tasty!
the concept and title can be enough inspiration to get you to finish the song in one sitting. So for you VERY important...
“: I might have something for you.” anxious to share it!
thinking it might be time for a LOST re-watch.
Thank you! We think so. We've had lots of happy people who tell us how much they appreciate having Y2C for a treat.
So if not winning anything's your argument then does that makes Jeff Lurie Inept as well?
yeah, thanks. I'm more than 500 ft from Frontier Airlines Center :)
hahaha I thought I was seeing things at first until I realized it was supposed to be like that
Follow supporting role Julia Warner
you beat sonic yet.? I'm stuck.
life beckons, but u ladies sort this out, pls tweet! I'm sure 140 characters will be enough!
we're going to the California State Fair 2morrow! :3
Like I'll literally give someone gas money to bring me from the Nawf and back to mesquite, cause I got shit to do.
Gym Flow
Tonight at 8pm. Wide Open Beaver Shot of My Heart. PushPush/Ian Belknap. A truly great piece of theater.
Yep, get in towards the evening. :-)
What a whole lotta love!!!!!
oh what are we discussing??
Keep doing what you're doing girly! :)
woot!! this game looks awesome!
When i saw u i was afraid to meet u When i meet u i was afraid to love u When i loved u i was afraid to lose u !!
Thanks for following and welcome (wilkommen, bienvenue, witamy) to Newark Twinning!
Waiting on the cast of "The Great Gatsby" to arrive at the Herberger for our meet and greet!!
Rudy Gay
Discovered two words that should never be used together: "Jungle Curry"
any chance you can save spots for two cute girls and your long lost twin? (he's your height!)
filled in on 11 o'clock news tonight-- went on late.. 4:25am comes early.. a nap, a birdbath and some buffalo wings and i'm good for morning
why did cross the road? to get to the liquor store! hahaha
Great seeing U in my neighborhood this AM.Thks 4 the VA discus'n.Not done often enough! VA in 1920's.U a VAn 2,WOW homegrl!
At the Chicago Citizen Newspaper Judge Town Hall
I saved our old conservations cuz' its the only thing I have left of you.
NBA cares
Looks like by even conservative estimates I will witness my first hurricane this weekend. Exciting. I'll be at work, natch.
i love your pet cow Mo
Is it me our is Jr. Samples always high?
Calamity Jane!
“: I hope those vaginas grow teeth and attack your dick” savage
How ironic is it that I'm sitting behind my director for the Santa Clarita Shakespeare Festival here @ CBS for Hairspray?
MT : Starting today, you can get poetry on a taxi, but you still have to fight with cabbies to get them to leave Manhattan.
God opens doors right in the middle of Kc's pizza!
Happy Birthday !! See ya Tuesday when comes in for some luv :)
Who do you write for?
I wait for to get off the bus so she knows its real.
I dread getting up so early tomorrow morning😔 so tired!!
So what should we call taking moving pictures with a smart phone? It isn't really filming, and it isn't viedotaping. Video recording?
ha! I can't believe it's been 45 places! Tried today, finally, and it was pretty delicious!!
On July 6th, 1781 at the Battle of Green Spring, outnumbered American forces under Gen. Lafayette clashed with the army of Gen. Cornwallis.
Join ua as we fellowship with New Citadel of Hope Christian Church at 3201 Atlanta Industrial Parkway, Atlanta, GA 30331 TONIGHT at 7:30pm!
How do you lose 2 billion dollars?
Gotta love running the mile first period on a Monday...
I'wannaToo MuchPretty GurlSwaqq.......Best Facebook name I've seen yet. She also works at "makin them niggas drop".
I gotta roll up another 1
just said this: "One vote! The only thing that could be closer is if it was a tie!" Now THAT'S analysis.
It's easy - we match you with the best available apartments for free. Have questions? Ask away!
No! Pin wheel of death! Why????
Cannot believe it's only 10:15 and I'm thinking about lunch already!
how come nearly every FSC broadcast has very poor signal quality? Almost unwatchable and we pay extra for it.
What's up with the Suspicious Sign In messages from Google and Google Sync being down?
Red Sox are having their collapse early this year.
I've never seen it before - its made by Beringer's. Found it at my grocery store next to the pink moscato. It's really good!
Stop...can't be that bad RT : I will pay someone to give me a massage.
I thought that it was talking about Flo from Progressive...
Haha “: If we're "just friends" why do I know what your lips taste like?”
Sweet surprise day off from work! What to do....
Not seeing much twitter hate 4 #DCComics. Might just b b/c I don't follow any #Marvel editors.
Creating animated stories, working on script for a video. BELOW THE BRIM the art of storytelling.
TRANSFER - TAKE YOUR MEDICINE (Official Video): via
follow back?? :)
Thank you too bro! Have a good weekend :-)
you got cheated because everybody gets to hold a koala. i suggest you sue Australia.
Romney&#39;s economic message seems at odds with some GOP governors&#39;
hey Matthew. What's the status on the video! I'm excited
Do you ever type out a tweet and then delete it cause it was filled with too much bitterness?
igotz my first pay today too haha hell yea boy
Lot's of changes to facebook. now our facebook fan page is not working. Anyone else having that problem? TJ
ahaha weird matt told me to send one to you so he could see it
Have followed you since the beginning of your career! Please follow me now Rosie! We do good things for kids in Vegas!
Thanks Joe! Good reference with Jaylo
Thank you for following
Traffic cameras are rockin' and rollin' this morning. A windy, rainy start to our Thursday.
I live near Santa Monica! I wanna do it!!
Had a great meeting yesterday with and others on the GIE Media team!
You know what I love? I love it when sends me #BizDev love.
Five teenagers lounging in the living room (including some older boys.) Resisting the impulse to go hide in my bedroom.
A limited number of tickets will be available for those who want to participate in ghost investigations onboard the Berkeley + Star of India
Wow I thought last Wednesday was the most hungover I'd been on a Wednesday in a while. I've upped it at least two levels today.
Can't emphasize enough the importance of getting your business or non-profit listed on ALL the free directory and social media sites!
Welcome back, #TheShins. If I believed in emoticons this would get an animated smiley face and thumbs-up.
"Beef patties from Irie's and jamaican rum / I'm right on Bowdoin, that should tell you what state I'm from"
Hit level 40 on been up all night playing. Night everyone!
The I Heart benefit hosted by Jessica, Rachel & Salon Denver at Denver Beer Co. was a great time last night for a great cause - TCC Kids!
Someone asks "Do you ever beat your girlfriend?" "Only every time I clap"
- Wow, what a great project! Thank you so much for the follow, i'm looking forward to all of this! And i feel kinda cool.... ;-)
I don't have 1 cuz my mom don't know I have a twitter
get to omaha
Going out this morning to get hr massages with my babe
yay! RT Excited for some Yoga Sculpt tonight.
Kids engrossed in 1962 Twilight Zone - Ray Bradbury's I Sing The Body Electric.
"The eyewitness said he didn't actually see it happen." 1st line of 's A Wanted Man, which gave him the idea.
RT : We are proud to be the 2012 Forever Family sponsor and we really appreciate Florida Commerce and The Red...
If ur up like me. Then what u doing? Im just chillin smoking.working
Will them to do what? #this #I #gotta #hear ;-)
Its not even my birthday but he wanna lick the icing off
But, the Finns are from New Zealand. So, while you may be in Oz, you're hearing a foreigner!
I'm looking to buy a beach home in PCB, FLA.
Don't mind me I'm just thinking out loud...
Teacher sounds like Tom Hanks
Pretty sure all Simmons postings are now on GSLIS Jobs & Opportunities Blog instead. My job was posted just this week.
Plus Frankfurters on Pretzel Buns/Hearty Seafood Stew with Mussels, Scallops, Tilapia /Pulled Chicken Salad over Mixed Greens.
The island of misfit toys.
Your CD pic cover is awesome. Found Access a couple days ago. Already working wonders and your music is an added bonus:-)
industry knows he wouldn't influence like that especially on something he doesn't follow!
Who cares about Tebow? He can't hold a candle to Cam Newton.
Wow. Had no idea that was a problem.
is your PC running slow or very loud? Prob because of dust caked in the front & back! $50 spring cleaning this weekend. Free pickup & return
Going into day 4 with 300k, 18 players left and lots of time to relax and get sleep tonight. 730pm end time is tilting some but not me.
I lost all my contacts since september.. please send me you info if I got it since september please!
What a GREAT Night!!!! Thank you for everyone who came out and showed support for the #HTACouncil and our fight to end #HumanTrafficking !!
I was just informed that my twitter account has been hacked. I apologize to anyone who may have received spam earlier today.
": Fine line between being tanned, & looking like u just rolled around in a pile of Cheetos." I just drooled, for both.
amber rose....
or maybe there should ALWAYS be music accompanying papers?
Scrapple is off the hook!
It's so hard to study when good movies are on. love The Blindside 😊
Thanks for the imageJ reply. It was a researcher here at my uni that needed help but I didnt' have much help to offer.
Live on your android,ON TUNE IN RADIO RADIO,,RETWEET FOR SHOUT OUTS
Latin Jazz - Josh Jones at the Cigar Bar San Francisco, Thu pm, December 16
So what you sayin? *eats shrimp in Red Lobster with my shirt off and houseshoes on*
Major Congrats, Rob, on optioning your comedy script.
what's up buddy when you coming to la
Rondo thinks he is Magic again so far tonight, way to many no look and behind the back passes already
Ch 8 Alabama is the only state that does not provide counsel for indigent death row inmates after they exhaust their initial appeals
Finding educational & information website to add to the library's Delicious bookmark collection.
Would love to learn more about what you're up to...looks like amazing stuff!
Have you ever had a crush on someone only to find out he is 18?
follow me Please??
Survived RV overnight and storm from hell,thanks to Trader Joe's pizza and those salty chocolate almonds.
Fact“ Real love is knowing someones weaknesses and not taking advantage of them. Knowing their flaws & accepting who they are.”
John Cena in a car accident? Rikishi did it. "I did it for "
Catch her tonight through Saturday and call 415-397-7573 to avoid service fees
Love the pics from NYC on facebook! I finally checked them out!! GOOD TIMES!! :)
10 deserving families will build their homes in 5 days in partnership with #buildathon2012 AmeriCorps and volunteers
what did you make?
I need to go shopping to take my mind off of things ~
I'm miss my pencil </3
Sorry I'm so awesome!
#MeetOscar is trending, apparently for that new chimpanzee film. Is starring?
The pitcher goes often to the well, but is broken at last. おごる平氏は久しからず
I finally finished watching Frasier, and now there's an empty void in my life.
also i found out there is going to be a sex in the city 2 and spiderman 4
awe <3 i bet you live by oak ridge don't you? « im down :x»
"Parents told their baby on 'no-fly' list, pulled from flight" #yahoonews Al Quaeda is training them young!
what's the occasion?
#WW Top #Environment of color tweeple:
I can think of at least 6 things that aren't on this everything bagel.
New projects to get started and a very important one to go back and revist time to get to work. Records cant make themselves lol
Happy Veteran's Day, everyone! OSU students, enjoy your day off (and stop by to see us!)
ayy babbe did you answer me on voxer thing? my mom has my phone...AGAIN..
Lots of love from my Jake. the other cats were like oh you are back whatever!!!
Vegan sweet potato rav sounds so good. =
LMAO!!": Sitting in #MHCCIM listening to prattle on and on about #hashtagging !!!!"
I LOVE SO MUCH AND HE NEVER NOTICES ME.. I WISH SOMEONE WOULD TAKE ME TO SEE HIM IN CONCERT.. I WOULD EVEN BY THEM A VIP PAS
On this flight to Minneapolis, this lady is head banging in her sleep.
yes, we did, someone will follow up today!
My Best Picture personal favorite - The Help. My prediction - The Artist.
aw thanks kyle:) i'll see you in two weeks! :D get excited, we have to do something fun that weekend i get back
I need someone to talk me to sleep
lol I ain't got any
At work. Tired of snow..Holla
RT : #ff The Sound Church family
people who look at me funny when im packing up when im all in pre w 70%+ in a tournament are retarded
id like one, but I understand if I didn't get one considering Im not actually a part of it.
: Tonight I did indeed hear Bob Dylan, on Sirius XM, refer to Leonard Bernstein as "a cool cat." ( smiles)
i need some headphones.
Another goal for today: share best practices.
The asparagus grown in Yakima is so delicious. Inspirado for some kind of special. We're back open Thursday!
I LOVE YOU AUSTIN <3 just to let you know (: please flow me! (:
you too! I've been trying to kill this migraine since and have yet to leave my Dads place.
So if don't live in NYC and love wine we pourin All ya gotta do is add it to your cart and we will send it off to ya!
same reason you have Charles Barkley promoting weight watchers
Thanks 4 watching it!
see ya tomorrow!:)
I love my high top fade
#stuffwhitepeoplesaytoblackpeople is that your real hair? can I touch it? "bitch you fucking serious black can have good hair" damn lol
Going with to the BD vs Avon Baseball Sectional to see how much sucks.
Just gave a money to a homeless man that had a sign that said "Why lie? I need beer!"
My puppy gets so scared when the fire alarm goes off.. aww poor thing
The expectation that women should dress and/or act like men is wrong, but still out there in some ways. Being authentic...
Office Space is funnier every time I watch it.
If you can describe yourself in one word, what would that be?
You have it in stock?
RIP MCA. He was a hero and role model of mine.
I love my family! 💗
Just drive by where #JerseyShore stayed in Miami.
haha so good!!
Come say hello @ the booth of U of Nebraska Med Center College of Public Health - newly CEPH accredited school of public health
Hell yes! RT : Tomorrow! 5/3 11-4pm come by the ROCK BUS! Mellow Bravo & LIVE at 1265 Boylston St in Boston!
Going to sign autograph on Macy'S Plaza 750 W. Seventh St. Los Angeles, CA 90017 at 7:30 am on Sunday and Monday. :)
I find myself so happy these days
Speed, strength, and the inability to register pain immediately. ~Reggie Williams, when asked his greatest strengths as a football player
I'm scrolling down my TL and I just move my fingers to the side and it retweets and favorites random shit -./
Paul Holmgren seems impulsive enough to move Bryz out, just on principle.
amen sister, to go along with that: slower traffic keep right, why is that hard to understand?
I love the Christmas cards start arriving!
Hey! Want to win a family four-pack to Ballet Arizona's The Sleeping Beauty? Post here with a fairytale princess!
How sad is it that I have never heard One Direction? All I know about them is there's some #gay rumors??
A guy at Sendicks was on his motorcycle w/ his German Shepherd. In what world is this a good idea?
40 mins and we are free !!
Lovelust is a great & interesting show!!!
Dear State Patrol: Thank you for being after someone else and not me, but FU for the heart attack. kthxbye
48 hours till 's party in the MIA!!
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever..?
tweeting strangers
Am I the only one that sees some herpes-like thing on Courtney's upper lip? It was there last week too.
Was surprised to learn from the breast cancer survivors they feltdeep relaxation from the guided meditation session. Relaxation = healing.
Ill be at work for the game but trust me, ill be checking my phone on a regular and watching the replay when i get home...
I wish .. the majority of our campus are EndNote users, can't see converting very many of them at this point.
Good morning Colorado. We rent copiers for a day or a month or a year. Please give us a call. 303-778-0600
#ThingsBlackPeopleSayInArguments You saw a vampire? You hittin da pipe again? Swear to god you never see the kids again if you on dat pipe.
when you going ?
ack - first tweet is less memorable than I had hoped :P
I think i may be the only person losing twitter followers and not gaining them hahaha
Going to follow 100 to people today.
I just heard #chasingthesun and it is amazing!
I think a corporation that completely renounced ALEC would get a lot of support.
When did Russia officially beat out Japan for being the world's top producer of awesome cat videos?
New interviews for on Friday. Carolyn Kellog (), , , and Jerry Stahl.
superman, batman going all night
Trying to satisfy a hankering for BBQ in a new town - drove into Walt's in #Cincinnati and the parking lot is jammed. Good sign.
I was talking about the dropbox cards we got in the swag bags
first weekend on-call for work, going very smoothly!
Still on the road...I think we may be getting a bit delirious. And bored. at the wheel.
were you able to change it? :)
"We're hungry, we're broke, we can't pay the rent, we must be a part of the 99%!" across from Bank
I hate pollen, I hate allergies, heck I even hate trees right now. Head hurts and can't breath
Ha, ha...just started reading that after all the hype. Not sure what I think yet.
it's your passion. It's a gift. Embrace the tedium. “: Composing & producing is tedious when you want to do good work.”
Can't get enough boomslap chatty nights in da civic.
Insight - market & practice area drives rates... More than experience, more than firm resources. Finance high litigation low.
#favouritelyric I've got electric guitars, I play my stupid songs, I write these stupid words and I love every one waiting there for me...
Yes. Truly inspiring lyrics like "I'm gonna stick my dick in the mashed potatoes."
miss ya, Baba. Bring it on back to MKE one of these days and holler at your boy :)
RT: #Gemini are true, loyal and honest friends to have»
Happy Easter:)
hahaha it's just funny lol. I mean two of your good friends thought it was funny. You just should take it so serious
Who's House? Dawgs House!
Sending YOU some love right back! Gotta hear you sing again soon!! I'm going through Clayton withdrawal!
really why u keep lying for?
It's been awhile.
Thanking the man above for another day
Thank you for the #FF. You are on my follow list.
I heard that you want to come back and stay in nap
and we smoke that kush and we ball like swoosh man officially on cloud 9 yes finally
what up
Knock their socks off, Donald!
My long weekend is over. Back to work after open day & Wings + Saturday's Tigs game and Easter with two Casino visits mixed in.
was expecting a pic of Vincent Pastore
the weekends almost over! how was everyones weekend!? (:
Thanks for the RT! Hope you're doing well. Drop me a note sometime soon. :)
RT - Jaguars QB David Garrard looks to hold on to starting job: Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback David Garrard knows his ...
No sun to shadow my days or set the moon alight
I always unfollow people who don't eventually follow back. If you don't want to connect, unfollowing seems only polite to me.
If you aren't a #hypocrite, u will donate everything u make above what's needed for "basic living" 2 the less fortunate.
A nice day!
Good Morning. Off to spend the morning with my dad before I get to work.
I like you, too. Your name will never appear on any of the photographs I have of you, either.
Best vegan sandwich in Chicago: the #11 bahn mi at Nhu Lan. Best vegetarian sandwich in Chicago: the #11 bahn mi at Nhu Lan w/ mayo.
- through what means does the mind find its true power?
did u get that dm
If you a barber, and you bald... I definitely am not getting cut up by you.
Tempers flare on the turf as Colorado leads 13-7 at halftime. with 3G, 3A - 12 pts from new #NLL record
2/3 at the name. It had my cereals that I eat here in the States! The store is right next to the sandwich shop. All the best..
Tahje started yelling at the boys for no reason ...
Marcia Brady is going to be devastated. Keep all belts and shoelaces away from her.
can't believe i just started breaking bad... shows about underachieving geniuses are da best
are we sure this cant happen after game 1?
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
finally through this chapter of edits. Thank you #panera for your chocolate pastry.
Day 36: (bis) I am thankful to have been pointed out by my friend, that I have a lot of time at hand, if I can afford editing my own videos
follow back! And you tryna buy beats?
- the date, December 12, 2012 has yet to come. So,...
A Date date? Or just a date? :) That's exciting!
Album is officially DONE! Hu$$la Ent. Presents "If You Only Knew" Produced by my nigga ! Stay tuned for release date.
tell me your plans of thing I didnt really get a chance to talk to Ez about everything.so tell me all u do
What's going on this weekend I should know about ? Much love
go go productive Monday!
And in Highschool I was almost kinda of a rebel.. I found my lost cause in the 10th grade lol..
Are you ready for the NEW #LipstickRadio? Get ready for a whole new format, great interviews, Featured Indy Artists, & much more!
What about a torta?
always have the best tweets and the best account. It's nice. And you're very welcome! (:
I knew you'd eventually get revenge on me for that peeps comment.
“Silence is a girl’s loudest cry.”
Does own 's record label? Bumper music every break.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 4
who's Dustin? like Dylan and Austin combined?
Seth Goldman marketing #brilliant 'how honest are you?'
its only fucked up for the trash niggas real niggas still gettin bread mike epps
OMG I say put a bird on it all the time and no one ever gets it!!
they're booing the goodall haha
Thank you for the RT! I hope your Monday is off to a great start!
Is lonely
If the human eye was a digital camera, it would have 576 megapixels!!
are you in SF this weekend?
You don't get harmony when everybody sings the same note. ~Doug Floyd
When system software engineers start building mobile apps, other guys' apps start to look like they were built by kindergarteners.
Good one. This is where they nail it in 2 weeks! “: What do you guys think about 's new strategy?”
cause u leave stains on brains, turn them into lames! Low key that's what I heard! jajajaja!
Good morning, #Albuquerque! We're digitizing, drawing, printing, and stitching like crazy to get you folks geared up, but weve got time yet!
ok, Im feeling calmer.
I know I'm probably late to the party, but Board of Man on is effing sweet, Bro
I was crying laughing so hard. I dvrd it as well. Goodtimes
There's a 10pm EST live push of RBV that will finally show what our project can do! Hope you'll check it out!
The Cure - Lovesong Lyrics: via
I'm a proud Mom and Block & Bridle alum! Daughter received Block & Bridle Oustanding Senior Award.
yo not much if I'm honest. same old nuffin. anything exciting your way?
and : COME TO THE PEARL at like ten. Just do it.
& all starting tonight for the Spurs.
he better be shirt less.
Learned of 4 yr limit on full text searches on sec.gov site at F-5.
Never thought I'd say this but Facebook could literally be a life saver right now.
": "1982 is beginning of the American Food Revolution"---CIA President Dr. Tim Ryan #CIAWOF"
Waisting your life to me is just that. Outdated answers and ignoring the beautiful world around you
Finally catching up a bit on TB. Then I see you just booked Soderbergh's flic! Fuck ya!
I'm packing my bag and coming over
wow this looks so real
goodluck! break a leg!
I just heard 'In Your Eyes' on the radio and immediatly thought of the famous Say Anything boombox scene. I need a Lloyd Dobler in my life.
yea u can
usually it's NASCAR here so evidently were on a break lol.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
San Diego Vintners Association is officially tweeting #sandiego #wine Please follow us, we're a cool group of happy winemakers.
HOLLY I'm still old school too, but I'd try the fishcake wrapping. Why a bun on that one?
Spending my final moments with my long af hair , caressing it. </3.
Good seeing you today and good luck this year bro
It was so lovely seeing the gorgeous last night! So many big things happening for this funny lady & no one deserves it more! <3
Learned a ton and got stupid connected in the local seo marketing world this weekend!!!
lol. If you insist.
See you there!
People honk their horns way too much in Miami.
Anyone see the 5000 word fluff piece about Romney's h.s. pranks in the Washington Compost?? What a waste of space!
Occupy everything milwaukee. Get a fucking job and figure out what your protesting before you speak for the sake of noise. #uwm #yourana ...
Out of $300 bounty after 2.5 hrs. First got a $50 bounty and doubled up.Then doubled a guy up w 97 vs 910 on 99Q flop. Then out set over set
now following..
He picks on me!....that's ok, i rigged his equipment this season so he does bad
Maybe she wont but then again maybe she will
Rock Hudson died on this day in 1985. He was one of the first well known celebrities to die from AIDS.
sometimes I wonder how they do it. they make it look so easy.
Drug dealer at bus stop trying to sell me weed said he hopes "everyone is alright" at todays rallies in west allis.
Maggie indeed has a brave soul to put up with such traumatizing experiences haha
Happy Mondays do exist! Thanking for the follow!
depressing weather!!
S/O to from the CEO's of Ganksta Enterprize
Find top-notch, budget-friendly children's furniture, including beds, dressers and more, at Affordable Rent-to-Own.
15% of the reason a person gets a job/keeps a job/advances is related to technical skills; 85% has to do with people skills.
Will be interested to see what Google comes up with for birthdays of inventors of Velcro & buttons.
Thanks for the nice words
"Billy you will hang from the neck til your dead dead dead' Billy: "well your honor. you can go to hell, hell, hell"
At the Bedroom Kandi event ft in Chicago!!
RT : Montee Ball named 1st Team All-America by CBSSports, ESPN & Yahoo! Sports. Congrats #ARAthlete!!
Today I witnessed a #sunny with no fucks
Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge. - Lao-tzu
Thank you Dina!
thx for the acknowledgement. Hopefully 2010 will be a good year for them.
And a good afternoon to you!
Finger Eleven, "PARALYZER"..."if your body matches what your eyes can do
what's happening now???? \
Wait, John Christ from Danzig? No. John Chriest from Lungfish. Oh, ok.
Mandate for : Next weekend. Farm n' Fleet. Trunk full of 99-cent ducklings.
Starts tomorrow, and through next week. However I will be alone since the family was off for the last 2 and begin again on Monday
It sucks getting used to being alone....all the time.
less politics and more blues please - then I'll RT your newspaper - at least move blues stuff to the top
Absolutely. It will be on the web at 7:00pm so can hear the whole thing then.
If you consider the most basic instincts, even childlike, Fear makes a lot of sense when considering Cons bigotry & hate.
That's what happens when you take bumgartner out!
Excited for #CesarChavezDay celebrations tmrw! His generation of civil rights leaders has opened so many doors for us.
thank you for the mention.
Shit Stockard Channing Says in Other Desert Cities needs to be a thing. But I guess you could call that thing...the play.
Blue sky's are upon us!
so In your own words what's does devious mean ?
Oh Well a lot of us are going now c:
sadly, so did I... in 6th grade! Damn! I'm old...
Great talk by Jeff Gomez on transmedia storytelling @
Well DM me yours, I got a new phone & lost my contacts...
yeahh we've planned ours out though for a while! I think it'd be fun. It's just the other two girls need to add us on the housing
best neighbors ever!
“: GOD IS SO GOD!!!!!! I thought I was gonna get a D in gen chem......I GOTTA B BITCH!!!!!” something's wrong with this lol
Up to 40k from 10k starting stack in the fixed limit.
#beliebers are ready for your #boyfriendvideo cannot take it anymore please
Thanks for RTs! , & - appreciate it!
Wait, are you talking about me?? Have you been talking to Delores??
what did you think of the show? oddly i think its one of best in recent years.
- can't return message - but am interested...
#nicknamesforbreasts "HATE YOU"
Vernon Davis of the 49ers has been charged with murder smh craziness
DeJesus with a leadoff double to start the game.
I haven't heard great things about this event, I am skipping this year...
Great Community tonight...look forward to your thoughts.
If you were a fruit fly. A sentence would seem more like a landscape.
If you do not decide what's important in your life, someone else decide for you!
nice! Looks the same after all these years.
Everyone should follow !!! Her tweets are on point lately!
Worry about Last minute site management? Worry no more.
good to see you also!
at first I read that as 'i need a #boyfriend"' and I thought ugh sweetie my last bf was KEVIN CHUTA
get out of that wedding yet? RT : Isn't this guy supposed to be a millionaire?
What up. You dicided to finally got on Twitter.
Kim: Change? Need to want it, need to practice it, need structures that support it.
lol oh wow
Thank you for that either Dylan or
:D RT I know!! Just like the audition. I can't wait for our episode of #TheWeddingBand to air in June!!
kid ink?
you have the same physicality since pee wee
have you guys finished you books?
awwwh...hahahahh! I'm still laughing!
my bosoms are swelling with pride, darling.
sorry i've been MIA followers!! Just one of those busy weeks!!! Hope everyone is all through with their midterms
speaking of - a BRAND NEW DJ Class record has gone out to everyone on the mailing list last 3 Tuesdays. U in?
I wanna build a house that looks like yogi bear's face from a bird's eye view.
There's a guy cooking for me. I could get used to this.
": We spend too much time wondering why we're not good enough but not enough time listening to the reasons why we are."
Morning hike on hold till it warms up a bit more. Currently 38 degrees
Thank you! Happy Mothers Day to you!
After Rick Perry's right-wing 'prayer-in' today, the fool-hearted governor may be as beatable by Obama as Michele Bachmann.
Joe Buck on the mic: Vin Scully turns in a grave not yet dug.
i miss you :)
Why do parents feel the need to get into astronomical debt to pay for an education their kids probably won't use?
A plane landing is the best way to be woken up.
Thanks for the RT ! Very exciting!
go saints na who mad?
LOVE this. RT : "Data is only as valuable as the decisions you make with it. "-
oh yeah, because were super BA.
lol I was trippin I was like is this really Tim??? Who's spreading shit bout me!? Lol
haha it means a lot((:
never judge a book by it's cover."
Cool hopefully that means the rain will be heading here to Vegas next! :) Have a fun trip to Atlanta. :)
haha, I'll work on that! :-)
Everytime I ask u 2 come out u always have a reason as to y u cnt.I try!Mayb u should just say ok instead of excuses grumpy:P
way ahead of you my friend. Flipping btwn that and Karate Kid Marathon on ABC FAMILY.
hit ma phone brah
LOL shut up
I am not the world's biggest fan of parades.
ive got bieber fever
wear protection I don't wanna baby Bruges running around, what are you doing after?
HAHAHAHA I blocked out every memory of her but yeah I can picture it..lol...how you been man?..we should chill someday soon..
Girl i do that all the time. Lol
I am not a San Antonio fan, joker.
director's choice
Thank you!!
#legit #WORD ;)
if not we just buy a game!
I'm sketchy enough in the day walking w/my earbuds in, but at night, I may as well drop some shrooms too
Bulshit a little gravy on top it seems....
If You Weren't Jealous , You Wouldnt Still Creep My Tweets Tho . Lmao . #dismissed .
2012 here we come!!! and co. Let's do it!
the 20 questions were multiple choice?
The heat gonna win it all tho.
#dearFutureWife I love how ur a good girl buh are u willing to compromise on our special night?
Remember playing Blue Note w/ Ray Barretto & Kenny sat in. At a time he began uttering, he played so much sax that next step was prayer.
All Bronco fans should be watching THE DRIVE on NFL Network right now !!!!!
How come a Critical Mass-sized pack of bike cops just rolled down Western Ave in unison?
I'm in Atlanta in a big ass house all alone with every single light on and flash lights by the conner of each room
I really need someone to give me some good encouraging words to get me through the week. on repeat.
oh lol the standard q&a's at fan m&g
Walk your dog not Pujols.
ew *throws up*
“: S/O to the homies & Iz on their success, and doin the damn thing right. #Respect” Iz is Thank you Anthony!
will b checkn out your site w/comments on vacay next week will personally put aside time to read...
Bentley just saw the fury come out of me when he tried chewing multiple Apple products/accessories
i would rather use a blake carrington car phone than use #sprint i would do better with a carrier pigeon
Love how many new friends I'm making since being on #totalblackout y'all are awesome for finding me &telling me how u liked the show!
I know! It was insane!
"Fiats, psh. Those cars are stupid." "Why Doug?" "They're so small. Like they're for Danish people."
idk O.O
First drink is on me !
Uh, Flo-Rida is really opening this #933sko show? Huh.
wow.....you're quite the scholar
I seriously don't understand why people have freaking to be so difficult. Jesus Christ.
My moms ringtone is WMYB I can't XD
OMG I totally forgot about that!!! lol
im a big Fan Love u
Kp pr App available on Andriod, iphone, blackberry phones and tablets.
You're Welcome : )
Have a fabulous day! It will go by fast, so make sure there are pictures of everything, even you crying ;-) xoxo
Beaten-Up AstraZeneca May Be a ‘Buy’ for the Brave
I may or may not have just sneered at someone wearing a Blue Jays 1992 World Series champs sweater.
Money doing something to my ego
Today we are so excited to have Green Builder Media join the upcoming Builder Exchange event in Miami! www.exchangeevents.com/builder
This job is so kool
I'm going over later
>>> yea ima send u the beat
Movers here today :) :(
I'm also related to Gen. Joe Hooker. Glad I followed in Alcott's writer footsteps and not those of his namesakes!
" i really do what ever I want in this bitch "
Senator Murkowski's son's name is Matthew, btw. (sp)
Omg. It was perfect. I'm smiling too(: I have listened to it like a bajillion times!
After nearly 4 weeks of eating healthy and exercising, it finally feels great to move your body, right? Told you the pain would subside!
still wrapping my head around the fact that soda is sweetened with corn, and not candy corn
The Problem of Slavery as History: A Global Approach by Joseph C. Miller F'74 now available from
Thank you! Love you!
Best valentines day ever
Prometheus looks dope
When you listen to music what are you listening for? A Dope Beat, A Storyline W/ strong messages, or just an overall uniqueness
I just got dessert/salad forks for a gift!
Sunday ain't so bad. We give stuff away to our FB/Twitter fans/followers on Sundays!
“: That's sketchy as fuck.”my boyfriends favorite words lol
Just look at their body language, they don't wanna win
Facts About Human Papilloma Virus
without music, the only sound we would probably hear for a long time is the sound of traffic
I love Irvin..he's totally HOT! Not to mention a bad ass fighter. Knocked Huston the F-out!
:'D hahaha. I still can't stop laughing!
I'm pretty sure I'm immune to caffeine.
a good song is....all my life by mc magic. idk if ull b into it tho (: lol
It was only a matter of time with the amount of Devils shots. Tie game
Not that I don't like talking on the phone with you, it just makes it tougher to drink this
Yeah Jessica, this isn't good
Just when I think it can't get better. Butterscotch cake and a calvados at Stephanie rocks the bar btw.
Uhm so like what's good for saturday ? possibly?
4 more followers till 400 help me out.
If you have any interest in Film/Video/New Media check out the Charlottesville Chapter of the Virginia Production Alliance www.cvillevpa.com
: My WunderRadio iPhone app has completely stopped working. Any insight?
Thanks! You got us repowered about an hour ago. I had to finish bottling beer before I could thank you. Cheers!
deck drinkin with and #grandprixsolutions where are crew at?
Doing an extra-special tour this evening for some awesome people! Yay!
Don't feel like doing my bio hw....I'll do it later
Ha! Such a tragedy!
Bucky has to stop the Syracuse penetration.
I think he brings up a good point... 6 pts,16 reb,6 blocks, 5 assist & 3 steals... how was Withey's D great?
,he obviously doesn't know Turbo. “: #FF the NFL is, the NFL. No one knows it like Rich.”
My Leg is Cold
thanks i really appreciate it, and yes it is.
. doesnt know life exists outside of itself MT ESPN boasted Grantland is first website to bridge sports & pop culture
Disney CEO’s Franchise Film Push Takes Toll as Ross Exits
that mall was mad bougie but i was getting my car fixed and they had chik fil a. sort of a win?
whaT THE UFCKF
The collaboration between Jason Wu and Brizo is a perfect design and function marriage.
7 AM: get tickets for in NYC...looks like I'll be back up here on June 9th. Can't wait to finally see him live
Damn, is it gonna rain in Baltimore tonight? Anyone on my TL know?
i agree with you!
Just saw on ESPN court side at #nuggets game... Think that was who spilled beer and delayed game
S/O to my new follower !!
* Nubia_group Powerpoint Collection *: Beauty of ALASKA
“: Table change. Am not spitball distance from yeah but do you see adam's pants? They just got bluffed off
Ellipse Chapel already packed to hear Clayton speak, photo editor reports
Cancer always claims the nicest people.
us too!! Can't wait to see you!!
No, but I still wouldn't play for the Knicks.
#NP Common feat Dwele "The People".
Sometimes, you have to burn a bridge. That's how you grow.
thank you or tuning in :)
You should just try something new.. Just Saying
Thanks for disrupting. :)
Not even babies sleep as well as I just did. It is gonna be one hell of a great day. Hope yours is too! :)
Searching for your next home? Visit us to learn how the current market will affect you! www.TheOertelGroup.com
Please don't trade David
Bout to slide to my Homeboi house an get some drinks
Anyone with some awesome graphic design skills wanna make me a new avatar? Need a change! Willing to give a follow, shoutout, etc.
Sitting around the house thinking about a lot and making a pie so I can indulge in it later :)
Dinner with :))
Saw your name at the press box! I'm at the whit too!! Random!
Come on #CLIPPERS GUT IT OUT!! Let's move on to Round 2!!
#IWishYouKnew how to give proper head . 👎😂
only one sleeve? CONGRATS! ;)
Do you have a great head shot/comp card? We can arrange a private on-line session to make sure your materials are incredible.
feel better my dear!
I wonder Homs residents agree.
RIP Grandma aka Gamma...12yrs ago the memory is as fresh as yesterday...love u so much...I know ur pushing me thru. #LetsWin Baby!!! :-*
I will definitely check it out! thx.
Letting you're eyebrows wolf out because you want a different shape <
Officially one month until the concert.
I felt the presence of a love .. love is sobeautiful :)
My baby can make me feel better about just about anything(:
What happened, Joe?
Putting stories together at the 120 and Blondo Scooter's. Somebody come say hi and have tea with me.
thank you Larry!!!
what do you consider "high-end" brews.
If I only knew...
you or me, or stephanies in general? ha blaze it ehh?
Thanks! And sadly, we will have 8 minutes to make it from gate E to gate B in Atlanta. I'm not feeling too positive about this.
Going to hang with the wolfpackk. Jon, Julia and caitlin <3
Thanks KTSU 90.0 FM for broadcasting my recording of "Our Love is Here to Stay" this morning. Aloha Houston!
Concluding an informative and enjoyable Magnet seminar in Cleveland. Good information, good times. Cleveland rocks. Yes, Cleveland.
If Hell exists, then Michael Jackson just made a new friend...
All set up at the Drive-ins Bring on the Shrek!
The Music & Arts Library (and all CU Libraries) are closed today, Fri 2/26, due to the snow. Regular hours resume on Sat 2/27 at 12:00 noon
you're gross
I've been outta the Twitter-loop for a minute or two... Whats the deal with pancakes?
You may be a barbie but even in the real world no one wants you!
Pain pain pain
HoeLies #45: I don't masturbate.
I got to 67 good pages of thesis today and worked really hard at the derby game I was too broken to play in tonight. #winning ...
Thank you! She definitely didn't need her hospital cap for long :)
NEW VIDEO COMING SON!
I give up on shopping
#BNI Our chapter just received an award for generating over $1 million on closed business. Dr Ivan Misner is here to congratulate us!!
Thanks to I can never listen to Islands by The XX and not think of how he's a tsuinami.
I swear I be fucking up smh
both of your sites seem down, do you share a common hosting platform?
When are the crowds wrong?
Happy to have you! Let me know if you need a #Twitter101 crash course!
Thank you, I'm glad I met you too. 
You sold petey to a blink kid!!!!
Okay...So what's the bet?...When will he be off the air and what's our amount?
I HATE when that happens!!!!!!
#Sales Tip: Just b/c we met via phone & are "LinkedIn" doesn't mean u should put me on your e-mail list.
I have like 2 or 4 #twittercrush is that a good or bad thing haha
I want to be on the Party Rock Crew c: hahaha
Soo who wants to give me a ride to school on Friday?
*Steepling my fingers in front of my mouth* I see. Just good? Perhaps you would like to broaden your adjectives?
Paragon Shipping Announces Availability Of Its Annual Report On Form 20-F - MarketWatch (press release)
Who the hell would name a toucan Sam?!
There's Photoshop, auto tune, and plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your Shitty personality.
was watching "girl, interrupted", the world is sometime full of shit but still people need people to be with, the place to be.
Does this sound like a helicopter brrrrrrrrrr
Yep, our warranty is up on the Macs so we're switching out machines.
Local news lesson. Don't call it "New Information" when you're telling me yesterday's news. You know who you are.
I am embarrassed just being in the same room with right now.
Holy hell school just needs to be over..
I tink I going to the red cartpet with victoria justice at the kids choice awordes
Alzner on the third period PP: "You could say a million things about the power play, none of them good."
Editing and doing dishes. Not at the same time.
I worry that Obama’s current opponent doesn’t have the strength of character to push back against the most dangerous voices on his side.
#ThoughtsWheniLookInTheMirror looking good looking good
hahaha that's so odd, but it could be interpreted as deep. Have you been asking Zayn for tweets? I take it as a deep tweet.
Glad it's hotchella this weekend and not coldchella!
hey sister how you doing. Whats new in yo hood?
Hope your day got better!
Once again, happy birthday to my best friend , I love you!
Are you the USD Swim Coach or part of the team Mike?
Happened in Germany a decade ago, Schalke thought they had won, but a minute later Bayern Munich snatched it in injury time.
tomorrow is JUSTINBIEBER birthday so make baby
#Kansas isn't looking to hot.
I feel you!
Yes. I was a starry - eyed Georgetown student at his reading in New South Hall about 1970.
TAKE A T O BABY!!!
#FantasyFactory when i cant sleep... 😷
My roommate about making dinner tonight - "Add an onion baby and you got a stew going" - Hat nod to ->
#14hours #32minutes 22 seconds!!!!! until #BELIEVE i cant wait!!!
Thank you for your kind-but-erroneous belief that I might need Wikipedia in order to decode that reference. ("ATM debits"?)
Acorn Squash
Thank You ^_^
#815-Icon : 10 Ur really cool and nice and have u made the case yet haha and we should talk more(:
It's the Hotpocalypse.
Plugging ur iPod in then going on stage 2 rap would b the same as a jazz artists playin Jamey Aebersold tracks and playin to them on stage.
hi Scott ! I've been so busy that I forget to tweet lol. How are you?!
Lmfao oh now Laker fans are tweeting huh ? d:
Week starting off a little slow? Grab a $3 pint during our #happyhour all day Monday and Tuesday from 2-10pm!
sounds like a plan c:
Gabrielle - Out of Reach.
oh yeah, happy birthday.
Morning!! -_- Today you should have a Apple.
imo he's being excessively wordy & not spacing his statements. "Your testimony painfully reminded me of law school."
it's INSANE. Just the study packet makes me wanna shoot myself.
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!
To the man stuck in the rain on his scooter at the redlight next to me, im sincerely sorry
that's so true lol
Absolutely not. RT : So is it weird to blast One Direction out a window?
"Oh yeah? Well, check out all our rings!"
signed up! excited to see what sort of things you're cooking up...
I wonder if the sticky notes were ransom...(;
is so talented and so beautiful i hope she follows me :)
not gonna give up on Jarrett after 1year in a sys. where the DC wasnt sure what he was doing
is wondering which of our songs is your favorite? Check us out at myspace.com/tailgatesouth and let us know!
Sponsorship is not selling. Sponsorship is all about a full understanding of your partners needs and goals.
Shout to and for having one of the illest albums of 2011! a sure fucking classic.
I just had a heart attack. U could have warned me. I just vomited my lunch. Aye it was so nice seeing all of u again. RT RT
Heading to Everest base camp in April. Will be traveling with some REI gear. More than happy to write a review for any equipment. Eric
it was a great but hard trip i will keep posting at my blog about the trip at www.jimnkyles.blogspot.com stay in touch
i feel official with these white shoes and suspenders
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. -Aristotle
The Press Association reports that it took medical staff two hours to get Muamba breathing again.
Much love 2ya !
RT : Don't forget about our meeting Thursday! All are welcome! Come to in the Short North at noon on Thursday!
American Red Cross of Central Texas - updates for fire evacuees and donation info www.centex.redcross.org
How'd we get here; this high? And whats this talk of dead weight? - cooper temple clause
This is so eye-opening RT The estimates that 1/3 of the world is under-fed, and another 1/3 is starving.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 22
aww man, I didn't have wifi at the game :(. I would have replied earlier
Don't forget- when life hands you lemons, is still better than you
Because they are 2 different shows, the MPLS show is the mnrecordshow & the St Paul show is the MSP Music expo.
not a bad thing beautiful. God says to forgive always, but you can't just forget the action, guard your heart :) love you!
One thing I'm good at is losing headphones... And I justt bought them :(
you will get plenty of pics! Zak is coming over tomorrow night so maybe he can skype you
There's something bout a kiss thats gonna lead to more (;
Helping my lil sister do hwk & telling her she's wrong & then realizing you're the wrong one! #embarrassing #fail O_o
I don't care who was BEFORE me, as long as I know there's no one DURING me we solid shit more than solid in my book lil shawty.
EVERYONE GOO FOLLOW :) !! shes the sweetest girl ever !! iloveya <3 !! #StaySmiling :D
ha! hardly -- studying instead. Reading up on privacy concerns -- putting on my constitutional scholar cap!
I feel so unloved. Nobody's helping to get me to 1000 followers :( -tear-
About to do this system recovery...
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Pat Dixon
ok cool - yea we should all try and meet up that night at some point or do a something on saturday evening
Thank you Pinterest, for allowing me to steal all your Valentine's Day ideas. Oh happy day lovers! xx
Someone just asked the furry if they can pet her. Only at a con is that question not dirty.
we like ice cream.
where yhu at bestfriend? Im hungry!
coming all the way from WI for the race next weekend. Best of luck!
So psyched to meet up with good friends
Why do movie tickets cost an arm and leg now???
Library on a Saturday I'm officially #disgusted with myself
#kids to school now time for
Y does everyone judge a book by its cover
I have a last minute meeting and wont be able to make tonights EMP gathering :( Coffee this friday to talk about AAM?
"Kim Kardashian Has High Praise For Rick Santorum" #huffpost She's hoping to star with him in a sex tape.
Remember to bring a Handbag for donation to the #momsFF Style Suite #blogher benefiting Dress for Success
Off to bed. Long day of auditions, premieres, and private screenings tomorrow! And I get to spend time with some of my favorite people. :)
Tattoo factory can suck a big fat dick. Fuck that place.
Stickbug and praying mantis in the same 30 minutes. whaaa?.
RT : Way too hot for middle of March. We need tax breaks for rich to unleash the coolness creation potential of the climate.
That's fantastic! I enjoyed browsing your site - great work
Me too RT : I drink good. Real fucking good.
eh thats different in my eyes. a corrupt institution if you ask me. Im just very dedicated to achieving without college lol
thanks for catching up lovely! so nice to see you! will keep in touch :) xo
aww yeah!! can you help trend :)
Paying a CFO to help you with your 2012 budget significantly increases your chances of it actually getting done. via
Raining makes it that much harder to get outta bed
yes! That's the one! "Narcissistic overzealous self-righteous egomaniac."
Me too. Best #adoration chapel in Des Moines area. I haven't seen them all, but I doubt any other is even close.
I messed up so much on that tweet. But I'm too lazy to do it again.
lol I know I couldn't think of anything really good.did you come up with anything?
The brand of candy, duh..
Things are heating up for #poetry fest. Get yourself down here.
May the souls of the 102 people who died in the Ibadan Floods R.I.P.
#FoxSportsArizona Craig Morgan live from Nashville talking #Coyotes Hockey RIGHT NOW. Calling All Sports
Damn it...missed opportunities...lol never again!
H. Mathews~ A man is too apt to forget that in this world he cannot have everything. A choice is all that is left him.
Congrats Jane!!! Who-Hooooo.... So much for handicapping. the races..just betting names in the future..haha
haha no problem it was great :) btw ur little sister was really cute! haha :)
That's it, I'm booking a goddamned vacation.
Oomf is gorgeous.
lmao!! Thanks for proving my point!
Out celebrating the luck of Irish? Stop by , the home of our new location coming soon!
I live by the Omaha Mall .<3
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard, try rising from the dead!
yo like i told my mom about the $120 believe pre-order pack & she just bought it for me... 0.o no complaints here!
It was a great event! The video is fantastic! Thank you!
#whatgetsmemad liars and stupidity. Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian, any more than standing in a garage makes you a car!
how many think killed that performance?
is that really a flavor?
you will find something bro, just hold on!!
I say you guys go back to pressing dubs! Srsly though, it's that bs that ruins it for djs like me who love getting promos :(
omg! Just tweet it!(;
that & spring soccer season starts in a week, hope the weather remains mild, we have started in snow before
lmao they better tread lightly they kno I'm crazy
Work it. Lucky I'm not your professor ;-)
"No one will recognize me. A new face, a cold heart to stand in your way."
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one
He is doing much better, Thank the Lord & Thank u For your Prayers!! He is resting at home until His ribs totaly Heal! xx
When Pedro gets the call from the pen, the #Orioles should turn on the "Strop Light".
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
omg that's awful! I'm sorry! :-(
Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood. - Stanislaw Lec
Crazy downtown Detroit traffic!
OPENING NIGHT!!!! "Curtians" @ CBHS. Break-a-leg Hailey Anne!!! Best to the rest! -Love Ms. Leslie
hey How about we agree, Rickie Weeks...
Episodes Every Saturday Never Missed 1 IM EXITED For New Episodses Prank Episodes Tomorrow
#MastersOfMovement talent/crew of #MattsChance follow
dancee in a bitt .! im putting in 12 hours this week.!! i seriosuly would do anything to be on vacation right now!!! (:
I love but I just have no luck. He'll never follow me! It's literally one of the most frustrating things in the world! </3
Today in Invention History: Phil Brooks received a patent in 1974 for a disposable syringe
Opening up the summer house on Squam this weekend! Crossing my fingers for some good weather!
I'm in my office but my mug full of coffee is in my car.
There's good...n then there's MARGARITA MONDAYZ MOTHERFUCKER ...@ La Mansion
pfft! Maybe that is what SoCal dudes wore in the 80s, where are the Airwalks, the baggy T, the long raggedy shorts? pffft!
I have a whopping 40 followers...
Dolphins win!!!
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Dear Banana
That awkward moment when people start stuff on your Facebook status and you just don't want to get involved.
You have to love us :]
We put money where our mouth is: 100% of profits on online CloSYS oral rinse to Breast Cancer Awareness. www.closys.com/charity.html
Don’t you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can’t be exactly who you are.
I teach a class at Parsons in New York.
Going to get my hair donee for promm :)
ha not at all
If only you could see, I love you, but I lost me.
Just received a very nice email from a young woman. She wrote, "I want to model my career after yours" & asked me to mentor her. Of course!
RT : Whatever doesn't kill you, makes your drinks stronger.
I believe the musical version was called "Yo, MTV Claudio."
Matt Flynn is playing his way into a nice contract next year. He should definitely be starting for someone
I dont like anyone.
I would love to attend Sscamp, but I'm not positive I can. Is it rude to tentatively register if I'm not positively going
i had frozen yogurt yesterday at the Scottsdale and Shea location! its the best ever!
he does a funny ass R Kelly bit in the end. You can DL for $5 on his website
#YouKnowYouAreHispanic When you go down to Hialeah and they are doing their religion and sacrificing a goat and a dove in a warehouse
#PicassoQ&A Did he have a favorite painting, other than La Guernica?
watchu know bout walking in the Gucci store and they salute
i wish they would take advantage of lucroys hitting and keep him at
Yes, but only because he didn't finish the challenge, since it is a competition & unfortunately he didn't complete it!
Ive seen your vids too! Very inspiring!
That awkward moment watching The Big Bang Theory when you realize you know more about Star Trek the Next Generation than your boyfriend.
In honor of our military and Armed Forces Day we are offering a 15% discount with any military ID at Bath & Body Bistro.
it wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the folks stopping in middle lane to take pics from the car.
Yeah #Ravens. :)
Is there an instrument you dont play??
and Jwow #InTown They should hit me up!! So they could have a great time in Jersey CIty
I never understood 👻? Is it even possible for t to have a black eye, can you punch one? Mystery ❔
Listen up Mark Eisner = environmental and hydrogeologic work. Or, we could set up a blog & you'll be Kloutless no more.
Thanks for all the "Likes" everyone! More Deals Coming!
More on the burglary search: SDPD: They have an idea who the suspect is, but he is not in custody.
so true! It should be warm enough to wear sun dresses all year long!
Watching Lost reruns! I miss this show :(
Who knew there could be so many opinions about the design of book covers?
FINAL Sounds Like Summer concert Thurs Rock. Guilty Pleasures is playing. Need we say more? Visit www.NashvilleScene.com 2purchase tix.
Last day of shooting. A hard week, but still so fun and very productive. The next episode is going to be insane.
that depends on who you work for and where you work LOL
These are the days that we will always remember. Chasing the night to make our days better.
Can I get in on this too? I'm tired of being a virgin!
I just won a free movie night from !
Spurs HAVE to make free throws in the 4th or we're looking at 0-3
yes Discrim. cannot be made ok by a vote. Amend 1 is not discrim. It does nothing to gay people but keep the defn of marriage.
Bout to see so many people crying after school.
Big actresses need love to where's my joint.
Yu Jin Ko about to give talk: "We Do it With the Lights On": Original Shakespeare in Contemp. Performance - #Wellesley Newhouse Ctr event
Miss you too.
We also offer OVERSIZE FILM OUTPUT!!
Had a delicious raw taco salad and raw tortilla wraps for lunch at Pure Food and Wine for lunch. Yummy!
lol! Good luck! Let me know how it goes!
good luck gettin a girlfriend lol
~ Rings and bracelets are my thing! Earrings, not so much lol
I'll smoke to that!
Leveraged and structured #finance attorney positions open in top NY law firms! Email for more info.
#scms12 afrofuturism: offers to thinking a way to enter into alliance with an indigenous space
Voting has officially closed! Find out who is named the 2011 National Mascot of the Year during the on January 2 @ 1pm E.T.
Does that mean I have to stop listening to the hold music now? :) Thanks for the help!
is doing some great work with WV children...thank you for all your work!
a track workout in this heat is true dedication. best of luck in your tryouts.
I'm upset you would go to domo without me
Reviewing music for my book trailer, my tabby snuggled beside me, as usual. He just attacked the computer, so I guess that song is a no!
Rivera "ain't going down like this". We're Yankees fans, we stay for all nine.
Reviewing instruction guide for certification as a minority or women business enterprise
