my best b
thanks this guy good
been ignoring the chores around the house since mid-March... it can be ignored no longer. Here goes.
PR & Online Branding. It's a content analysis of web sites and SM activity. Much more interesting in 140c, I promise. ;)
Mid-day Mean Girls' and Moscato break!
thanks!!! they'll be @ our chicago showroom in Oct! - Love the mirrors! Can't help but to think of a project all around it : )
animals are much better...you always know where you're at with them LOL
": how was SXSW?" we filmed some stuff and it'll be in our upcoming video "spinning rock"
Rebelutions new album is too good
“: I have always supported invisible children. #kony2012 STOP KONY”<<<Me too. Ive been spreading the word since 2009!
What machine do you spend most of your time on at the gym? Treadmill, Bike, Elliptical?
I miss the days of catchers in the on-deck circle wearing their equipment.
Based on tweets sounds like great session! Thx for sharing slides for those who couldn't go. Will check out (after Clio 2...) :)
Im sorry I can't do this anymore...
good morning :)
Anger is Always fueled by fear & ptsd is all about fear...and rightly so. Anger is a shield. but what is being defended??
Way to run
I peep shit.. Keep quiet .. Play dumb = Success !
Don’t put your happiness in the hands of someone else. If you really want to be happy, you have to find this happiness within yourself.....♥
OMG BELIEVE TOUR DATES THIS WEEK? AKLJDFIORVJ QRN
are those tittys in your face ? Lmao.
u still have a big head
if you don't mind getting involved, it is the right thing.
Congrats to (13 yrs) and (4yrs) with #USAA too.
cant find Shawns or the guy that opened for you guys tonight, twitter?
How does the Trevor Pryce release look now that Kruger might have torn his MCL and Redding is concussed? Did Hamlin even play last Sunday?
I modeled wedding dresses recently back at ya....
I have Mizzou going to the Final Four, but I'd love to see Norfolk State win this!
We'll definitely do one again this August if I visit
Thanks, ! We think so too! :) we had a great #Articulate training yesterday at Highmark. Yukon has awesome trainers!
Risk is fighting to create something rather than to tear something down. -Todd Mitchell
It's fun to watch Joakim Noah feed off the crowd's energy, makes me love my job...
After a certain point, you are your worst enemy in this business. I don't see how rappers fall off.
doing wonderful.
Don't forget the raffle for the Ipod Shuffle! Earn 4 entries. Follow us on Twitter, FB, Be a gold card member, or sign up for email updates.
Always Travel wishes a wonderful and happy chinese NEW YEAR! to everyone! Plan ahead a vacation to Hong Kong, Beijing, Xian, Shanghai callus
Really? Months of baseball create this emotion, just how you slog through 90 minutes of nothing to make a soccer goal matter
A couple of peeps for you to check out: Makeup Artist Beauty Blogger Rachel Odem and 144 Music Group. Enjoy TODAY everyone!
Hmu I Make Banging Beats...I Need Promotion
: Mandatory healthcare will be going to the Supreme Court.
Girl, you never seen my tweet!!!
"We now live in a Post-Constitutional country" M. Levin. America has fallen, has fallen...Thank U Fud Stamp Pres who isn't Pres.
A wise man said and eye for an eye well baby you owe me your life , your happiness , your joy , the feeling of love .. And Your sole
Just landed at Dulles after a wonderful trip to New Orleans-thanks so much to everyone for your kind bday wishes!!
dammit i missed it all!
What are you going to bake? I love pastries but never seemed good at baking.
If you lie down with dogs, you're going to get fleas...so instead you should just get close enough to show them some love, and teach...
Come in today for a nice relaxing therapeutic massage. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon.
I love dhat movie Horrible Bosses
awww thanks renz...xo. off to europe. see you when back
Thank you for this amazing day!
Dream job = Vice President of Pharmacy Operations
wen r u getting married? <3
follow back and give a shoutie?:) - Ashley
": Chocolate makes everything better. ...Except obesity"
LCD...let's go nyc
thanks ladyfriend! Hope your having a good day.
I wish I could have been there for that. So funny!
Rise&Grind
Spent like 8 hours last night building my Inception-like dream world. Then I woke up. Now it's totally ruined.
Don’t deprive yourself of tamales if you’re vegan or gluten free- We have plenty of options to satisfy your diet and your appetite.
hey everyone request boyfreind by on
how 'bout mauve instead?
Oldest dog on record was an Australian cattle dog named Bluey who lived 29 years & 5 months. In human years, that's more than 160 years old!
I'm so screwed its not even funny. If you find help please pass them along to me!
“: The worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the person you want the most.”
Happy Belated Birthday to my bro-in-law Willie!
Highlight of the nite RT : Since the safety the best part of this game was the Hulk punching that plane or whatever out of the air.
After pushing through the cold night, we have stopped in Illinois for breakfast at the Cracker Barrel ("C to the B" as puts it).
Five in a row then weekend!
OK, well, veinte años worth of experienca is hard to argue with.
(I still think Love Wins)
Life is a song, Love is the music. <3
RT : Hearing all these great things is really making me want to try Can't wait to check it out!
Where is harry at?!
No Gus Johnson calling March Madness in ages + most boring first round day in memory = coincidence?
Check the timeline!
Richard Peck: The book should never be the autobiography of the author. (whispers): There goes Proust...
Happy Birthday Richard Branson one of the greatest entrepreneurs ever, founder of the Virgin Empire. A great inspiration to Archie-Rose
I wish you'd come on back and make it all right
Too many of my impulses are just plain rude.
I love all my kiddos ♥ being an auntie has been ah-maze-ennnn
i finally finish maken my hair thick wit exatra blonde n dark blonde
That 10 degree drop from the upstairs to the basement >>>
Enjoyed the interview on Bob Edwards -- wish he had given you the full hour!
"A person who knows how to laugh at himself will never ceased to be amused." Shirley Maclaine.
Hi guys!
This weather is ideal
not goin out 4 a while!!
Robert gotcher playing live now.... Awesome:)
worth it
What a great idea. // RT : Twitter chat tomorrow (Wed) with bloggers from Tanzania. 2PM EST / 1PM CST.
Lol, no! you look freaking amazing. I would of ruined the picture if my face was showing. <3
Live Dallas who need a stylist for the Super bowl weekend. I am 5 minutes from DFW Airport. 8009108603
it really means a lot :)
Why does watching the dream wedding on make me cry!? Ah, so sweet! I want to get married again! , Thoughts? ;)
All of the boys finally hit 3 million followers! #CongratsOn3MillionLiam -Caitlinxx
You're not fooling anyone, Bender. The next screw that falls out will be you.
If April Fools and Opposite Day ever line up on the same day, my mind will explode.
You can do it with His help! ;)
#for65milliondollars i'd listen to rebecca black for a year straight
how did u get so many followers
I seriously was almost run over by a grown man, on Razor, scooting like a mad man, out of the Elevator! Sa-wa-uh?!
has a new slogan: Forward. As in all of our paychecks to the federal government?
Happy Primary Election Day in Wisco! :)
Lots to do today!! Looking forward to The Chicago Flute Club event this weekend! I Love, love, love, Chicago!! :)
I am incredibly honored! Thank you!
is starting over and redesigning.
Cannot wait to get on with O'Donnell tonight! and Carl-David represent on !
I had Italian. Go figure.
Rates drop even more! For a rate update text "RATE" to 41411
Important gang. I need suggestions for Cold War related movies that my boss & his 15 yr old son can watch. Any/all types cc
Hey you should follow because well, you just should.
Matthew Joffe isn't a professional actor but he used motivation for the show to heal a broken leg quickly in rehab
Congrats on being voted in the top three. What do think about singing songs by El Debarge?
you are welcome
Why recall? With a Gov who is dead last in job creation and under criminal investigation, the question should be, how could you not recall?
My auto-repeat mental mantra today: Think it, but don't say it. Think it, but don't say it. Think it, but don't ...
Make sure you're a good girl in that room, lol :)
Received approval yesterday to add a new person to our team. Thankful for the growth we are experiencing!
gne listen to pandora later onn
Why even ask that as a question? We know we don't, and that we can't afford the maintenance or the environmental & social costs.
T-Mac: Dirk needs new star
RT : Lets go DU....RT : Intros before we get going from Summit Arena.
ANGELS AND , GO FOLLOW !!! LET'S GET HER 100 IN ONE DAY!!! WHO'S WITH ME?!?!? :D
Ever wanted to do #MMA or self-defense classes? #Deal: $300 worth of classes at Austin F.I.T. for only $45 if you use code: FreeBeeSocial
Leonard was a steal. Their scouts r phenomenal and Danny green is where I hoped roddy would be by now. Is Sjax wrkn out 4 them?
Sup world
just remembered saying to someone last night "people are so much uglier when the lights turn on" they definitely took that the wrong way
Come on Hawks show me something!
me too!! And of course I think my mama's is the best :)
I think it's time to get into this Twitter thing.
why is everyone lying to this boy!?
i feel you! my undergrad was quarter system. starting later/"real" spring break less of a consolation prize as a grad student tho
Gonna start running & training for cross country :)
now following :)
Nice. And I was just about to say something complimentary about your 'Susannah' cut. Now? FUCK THAT.
Nah, StarforceHipHop is coming on nicely & may take out WSHH. But is on a different level.
Gronkowski is the new Tebow. F him and the #Patriots GO RAVENS!!!!!!
Save 20% & 10% | Use rep code: [theariesgeek] at checkout to receive discount.
But mom's got mad when I told her. She said, "are you crazy? Don't be drinking that shit" lol
I tried to commit suicide...never doing that again...I almost killed myself
sent you a DM ... kick me a msg with your address so I can mail out your shirt
RT : welcome to the fabric social dining team
the only day I could is Sunday 😔
He's about to ask for a song before he preaches...cause that's how we do it!
Sweet Tea is seriously the nastiest shit ever. I hate it. So gross.
I declare today "update your subscriptions" day. I'm unsubscribing and reducing frequency for all those unread emails giving me puppy eyes.
Now Taking Songs...Comment a song below this link & I will choose one to mix!! Just because Im up!
Anytime! Great photo :-)
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to get out of the hair salon in less than 5 hrs! Is that a lot to ask????
be a hot scene for you to bake a pizza in a thong and apron. Lol.
which girls?
Great morning. Make it count.
Love the new office decorations! Where are you guys located?
If I have to pick if religion has, overall, done more bad or good, I would probably say slightly more good. Maybe 60/40.
Woke up late, working 12 hours... May have forgotten to brush my hair.
Draw a picture of your non-writing hand
Oh, but he's self-appointed. Of course.
#hate when hoes say u tweakin like u can have all this , bitch I'ma already fuckin you what more could a NIGGA want smh
aloha Meesh. Super sad. Jr. was one of the NFL's best and will forever be a #SanDiego icon.
Great recruiting visits today! We are blessed to have such an awesome campus to show off to people, how can you not love what we've got goin
#FCCDevDay shows open source data presentations. Great Work.
Did any #TEFL teachers out there visit the #rpcvchat today? Another great place to disucss international happenings...
Omg i havent been on twitter for long time
So excited to welcome Tv icons Kyle and Chris Massey to our show tomorrow night Fri 6 pst......................homage to tv veterans!
Okay, I've said it before, I"ll say it again.
Been out of the twitter loop for a long time. My transition to this PC has been slow. I miss my Mac :( I know it will be ok, eventually...
Informative, some Fiction, some Opinion. We have a laundry list of topics to chose from. If you want to be guest writer, DM me, Thx
I will be doing red carpet interviews for #CCBAs on May 7th - Should I wear a tux?
They always go so slow, and I like Fridays better.
Fancy some crunchy nut cornflakes .... #YUM x
having a college degree from stanford is something prestigious bro what if he a bust? lol he still smart as hell
idk if i can do this
Hey y'all are still giving me a prime speaking slot at the convention....right???
And my ass needs to be sleep...z
zoo in Prague?
this is really late but now days anyone can purpose too anyone lol!<3
RIP Levon Helm... so sad.
What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork. ~Pearl Bailey~
My birthday has never stopped.
AND to top it off- today's weather would have been a perfect lake day followed by some softball
Thanks for your message. Email me at and we can share notes in more than 160 characters.
People hate on my lay
hey girl
Chocolate chips >
Oh, it's one of *those* days.
My grandfather told me today its illegal in NC to drive in flipflops. What?!?! I said, do you see the shoes I wear? These can't be illegal
Criminal charges pending, recently been arrested? Call Bloodworth Law Firm, the BEST representation in Middle TN. We protect your rights!
why r u so COOL
Dream woke me up merrrrrr :(
follow me pls :)
okay, I feel ya fam.
We've signed on Nate Horowitz from NTG Productions to direct...very excited!
YOUTUBE THE HOTTEST NEW INDIE ARTIST JULIUSVEVO
Buddha was a title for a man or group of African men from an ancient priesthood. Buddhism was established 500 years b4 Christianity.
Thanks and for the FF! They are both quite lovely.
Wona see me somewhere hopeless no goals in sight, ive been through the illest, I phuck with realest my mind extra tight
mom's pissedoff at me ... id rather just die !! .. -_-
#ThatAintCool if u hav2 shake yo ass to get ATTENTION. A little girl would do anything for that.
First news of the day: from 2 to 3 pm, visit the Spanish pavilion at and enjoy our delicious chocolate and cava!!! cheers!
Polls will be open in IL in less than 24 hours. Can't wait to see how the results shake out in Cook County.
Thanks Azure! Its one of my favorite coops to work with. If you want a copy of my comprehensive catalog let me know! :-)
I go there :-) lol
we just got the cutest Halloween Costumes in stock! come check them out!!
Same mistakes
yes please
i so wanna meet iconic boyz, espically nick and mikey,thomas,madison,and luois
hey we're just down the road - let's catch up and grab a beer soon
Welp! “ “ Jay-Z in the house for Jack White's Amex show in NYC. He's wearing a sweatshirt that says Billionaire.””
really getting into The Used's new album
Life throws you curve balls, you jus gotta step up to the plate with your game face on.
Sanity comes from routine - like Tweeting each day to see what the rest of the world is thinking! Are you insane?
I can't tell the difference between your tweets and during #raiders game. Angry #raiders fans.
Last night was of the chain thank everyone that came out. We back at again next Saturday nite. Lockland bar & grill 713 Wyoming . GPS it.
Its too hot to tweet!! lol
Hey, just wanted to remind you to Hold On For One More Day. In case you forgot. Your pal, Matt.
heading to bed the twitter app hates my phone and my iPad..
|| well I know Miami has Winter Music Conference and I've just never been to Cancun.
When men and women are able to respect and accept their differences then love has a chance to blossom. -John Gray
Yes! #ivotedyes ": DONT FORGET Vote YES for the #SAGAFTRA merger #oneunion Send your ballot in today."
me neither.
Btw, all you Twitter spammers can piss off! If I wanted a new iPad, & I don't, I surely wouldn't get from you!
forget a TV guide, The trends on twitter told me that forgetting sarah marshall was on and that bo burnham is on conan
#oomf doesn't believe I can sing like Usher.
I learned to always ask "What is the duration of this position?" when interviewing for a data job
lmfao study hall is the funniest shit ever.
is n my kitchen makin HERSELF a ribeye cooked RARE!!! Hm
So long Austin. It was a great year.
Have a good day at work
Ed White is the Phil Jackson of early American studies.
Hey Jon, thanks for the shout out!
Pretty much been with Brandyn the whole time, I got a job at Burger King but I haven;t started yet...livin the dream ahaaha.
guess if I had laser hairs, I'd want them removed too.
Recent #BC commit #MaxRicci interview complete, will be up on #EagleInsider shortly!
Went to Eastern Market yesterday, great day exploring
School should be fun in the morning. Considering im probably not sleeping until 2. :D hahano.
Read this about interviewing today: "A jerk in the lobby is always a jerk on the job." - Jeff Haden. True that.
Happy Friday! :)
Heterosexual men are seriously too loud at times when they drink. Don't get me started on whiney white girls. Like OMG!
When this song come on I'm spending money
RT : Work satisfaction (or lack thereof) definitely affects how open someone will be towards learning.
Our reports may not be as cheap as other small investigators but our quality truly gives you a bang for your buck :)
Buddy Holly glasses + new blue guitar = hipster transformation complete.
The joyous occasion of late night cookies, with the punishment of crumbs in bed.
Pizza joint down the street. Put on by AU student radio
its ill be sick
how did Shelby 1st break the news 2 u that he wanted 2 b a race car driver & what was your first reaction when he told u?? XOXOXO
i know..i just miss male affection without an erection..its so rare in college SMH..well maybe just life
I'll get with to discuss a plan to meet up ;)
'Cause you don't know her like I do You'll never understand You don't know we've been through That girl's my best friend
who you callin a girl?
I have six words for you. Guinness Chocolate Cake with Bailey's Buttercream. ; )
Linda is starting up workshops later this month on repurposing jewelry -- sign up now and you'll have a joyful new livelihood in the making!
Butterflies with Johnny DiLoretto this morning!
I'm that girl that would bust out laughing in the middle of dead silence, because of something that happened yesterday. :)
Tracy ups the challenge for HRod to give up 2 or more runs now with that blast. I think Henry is up for it!!!
thank u,im pretty good 2,not to brag & i got that colbert piece rocking.
great to meet last night. Talk product launch coming up? Caitlin would also love to talk about coworking space. Beer in Seattle?
Close the deal, Celts. You need those days off.
he said no you have a bf
Watching Andrea Mitchell Reports on MSNBC the topic.. Iowa specifically who's going to win Romney or Santorum? what happened to Paul
Great company name!
that outfit is a NO
Its karaoke !
Embarrass not embarass :( I blame this on
You ain't gotta lie no more...
"...what I am to you, is not real. What I am to you, you do not need. What I am to you, is not what you mean to me".
Wtf happened to Alesana being on this? I guess they'll do their own tour?
Uninviting people to the wedding , making several changes , ahh can sept come any faster ? I want this be over wit lpl
How much is your company spending on printing documents?Don't know?Let us show u how to take this variable cost & make it fixed & controlled
!!! RT : LA win this game so I can go to sleep!!!
leader appreciation dinner for young life! We had a blast
appreciate the RT alec!
That's a good feeling!!!
what up boss... working all day... song after song...krazyyy... whats up wit u
You can live with excuses but you can’t love with regrets-download- InSpotter app
These thoughts im having, smh
I think Nick should open a real groovy smoothie. People selling things on sticks. Good idea
In exactly one month I'll be playing at a pool party in Vegas...can't fucking wait!
yeah buddy :)
good bye&
Since there's no Strongman Ron videos on YouTube anymore, I'm curious as to what this actual link is
Starving so busy all I had today was an organic protein bar and Starbucks...
i'm so gutted your coming to the UK but not Ireland! BOO. please come somtime?
No problem! And thanks! :)
Hello Naturals!
pictures. Pictures. Pictures.
Dates to AD 1100-1600. Garden beds with pytholith evidence of maize and squash horticulture.
hmm, there's no place to click... condolences!
sounds like a plan to me
why don't they understand if he is with both of yall dnt fight eachother but get him
I wish you could've been here also! And man, I would KILL for El Mez right now! Miss you!!!
Sometimes I wish there was a restart button in life.
Brown.blonde >
#NASCAR time let's go!
Now I'm going back to sleep after last nights dreams of mirrors shattering and people jumping through them
Jesus Christ Superstar at the La Jolla Playhouse- in one word, amazing! Next stop, Broadway!
Great time at Portland Business Alliance's annual breakfast this morning. Loved meeting new Ducks. See many of you Thursday !
you deserve it!
/ Thanks! We see BUZbuz becoming a viral, games-based social marketing channel for global brands that doesn't exist today.
#artpolitics Foucault was wrong to say that sex was the truth of modernity, it was feeling and affect
Showing map rectifier, points out that job of a curator now includes building tools, working w/open data.
We was born to do this! We don't step on the scene - we create it! Funny when ya bitches say ya made it. Above ya, no los veooo 👀👀😲 jaja
kill it tonight.
I'm determined to get noticed by I love you Ari! <33
And in the end we wasted time and energy
I LOVE Skype!
NOBODY ASKED YOU!
My mouth is on FIRE thanks to Rice Bar's Gochujang Sauce.
#TeethOfTheDog is named after an iconic Pete Dye-designed golf course at Casa de Campo which is near La Romana, Dominican Republic
UK has shut down our interior O. Need outside shots to open it back up
That's great, I'm not a fan of soda myself. Do you put sugar or honey in it?
When Cher's new album comes out you can bet your ass i'm buying & i don't usually buy CDs.
Let's get it!!RT : On the way to the stadium, let's end the season on a good note and that's a win against the Patriots!!!
The King Tut exhibit in Dallas closes tonight. It remained open for 34 hours this weekend. I got up at 5 AM, in at 6:30 and spent 3 hours.
honey boo this isn't gonna work with you tweeting me. Hahaha
I ain't trying to be mean, but fuck team work. In this class I hate everyone, and I work better when I'm alone.
always! COME HOME ALREADY. Me, Gianna, and Kenifer wanna see you and we have a lot of catching up to do!
devil you know vs. devil you dont
Get over Hump Day with your friends @ Uptown Sports Bar! Enjoy $4.00 Alien Amber Ale, Margaritas, Long Islands
We have a prize closet and are giving away 2 tickets to the 5/15 Polyphonic Spree show at Turner Hall! Stay tuned to win this weekend!
chillen how about you
Everyone is playing
Hate hanging out with paranoid ass people I swear..
"I Will Always Love You." :-(
I'm on the G.G preview for this weeks episode yay!
Check out computer classes tomorrow: Gibson Lib spanish language MS Word class at 9:30 and Paseo Verde Lib Intro to Computers class at 10.
I'm a #Jamaican livinq in the US, you do sports?
I love it when librarians hold vendors hostage about their ridiculous pricing.
I swear I get carded for everything...I got carded at the damn movie theaters cuz the guy thought I was too young to be in there lol wtf
I forget you live in their home planet. LOL
she didnt come with us...text her
“A true disciple shows his appreciation by reaching further than his teacher.” Aristotle
now we have to run ten miles.
and i enjoy seeing and chatting.. is you lke to add for chat or more
Wishing a great first day back at school to all our patients & families!!
Don't Tell Mom The Babysitters Dead is on.
Tom Brady needs to get some lessons on posing for the camera from his wife who does that for a living #tomlooksstupid #whoapprovesthesepics?
I'm pretty sure I have a cold :/
need some new music. help anyone?
Gracias Carlina!!! Thank you for your love and kindness!!
it's utterly fantastic. Must watch. Troll 2 is mandatory viewing though.
RT“ A relationship ends once the trust is broken...”
Every time I'm nice, quiet and happy, assholes pull me back into why Mass Effect 3 was a fucking disaster because of the last ten minutes...
craig I have a huge event on tuesday that will have 500 giant fans, If you wanna give me some portraits of the
it's like you have selective memory or something! ;) he said he was going to campaign in "all 57 states"
I feel like a hero.
YO HOMIE,GO AHEAD AND CLICK THE FOLLOW BUTTON(;
But as a city we're not sure if there is a policy on tree allergens. (UFA) have a stance on it? Don't know!
And I'm back! It must be spring in the 'banks cause I'm on the front desk, starting a new summer season at the ;-)
Awake at an ungodly hour, trying to work out the kinks of 'transcendent interests' in Hobbes's Leviathan. Coffee will be my reward.
that you will get through this with an even better job that doesn't stress you out so much!! :)
#blush....YOU KNOW MY STYLE I SAY ANYTHING TO MAKE YOU SMILE...^___^
#1001MiamiWaysToDie contracting a disease caught from the south beach savage
Thanks to the fam for the warm welcome! , , , ,
Who is ready to take Pasco's Trivia Challenge at 12pm noon?
Lol. That's one way of looking at it...
Luke Ridnour needs to bring his fro back.
You're welcome
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so.
Sox got 1 run ya know we need more! Go Youk add on!
I think a wedge might help getting the snow off the driveway back home
I must not be living right.
In class, just finished workout
......hm thts all there is, wow i thght there would be mre 2 it, im bored!!!!...k im off this gonna go enjoy sme mre wonders of life : )
no just in general. 2 glasses was just too much for him.
Trying to make it to church!!
We're looking for case study participants. If you would like some help renting your vacancy and are interested in trying our new...
Strange SF Observation: There are almost no trashcans in public places here, yet there is also almost no litter.
Protein Balance Found to be Key to Successful Weight Loss Diet
Submitting reports all day tomorrow, then getting ready for another shoot.
Making a summer bucket list :3
is this really happening? yay!
Amen!! RT : Praise God!! always live for HIM
Israeli President Shimon Peres to the White House for a working lunch.
First rehearsal for the show done! This is going an amazing show. And we can't wait to show off the beanie babies! :)
The Jets should start Tebow..so when he suck NY will boo him out of the NFL...& we never have to talk about this garbage qb again in life
The last minute is 59 more seconds than I need.
I told her come fuck wit me da Long way
How can I tell a girl she's sexy without saying the word sexy?
A walk to remember? <3
YAY YAY YAY. RT : I can't take it any more. I'm calling in to the
it's cool lol
I really enjoyed Tweet, I hope Jasmine Sullivan doesn't go out like Tweet did.
Make your own?
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
thanks for following us. We are glad to be partnering with you to improve literacy in Los Angeles!
90's Batman cartoons on HUB. Just thought you all should know.
Rain is too important/for a false canopy.
I hope Eric Young ends Crimson's undefeated streak. Honestly, I will mark out if it happens.
#imissyoubut you kept drawing pictures of angels on my dads car even after he told you to stop. Still not cool.
Valu-Pass provides member only benefits and discounts programs and was founded on the idea that everyone deserves to save money.
frequently, both as rentor and rentee. Which are you looking to do, happy to share some tips
Message To DC Politicians: Stop shooting craps with our country! Fix the debt ceiling problem or we'll put people into office who will.
An says, "yawn!" Cat complies, and stretches, too.
I have a legit shot to be one if mac miller and french montana are artists.
yea but u been dodgin ur payments
I hate morning classes.
Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Occasional showers with isolated thunderstorms. Highs around 70. Southeast winds...
FF If you are looking for a great person for marketing reach out to Stephanie
Launched new company Stone Canyon Promotions
i only know 1 sarah so every time i listen to "sarah smile" it reminds me of once-said sarah & honestly...ima marry that one
does anyone else agree with my last tweet?
What kind of car would you like? You might be surprised at what we could do for you.
It's raining, so I have 7 students. Kind of hope or stays like this... Nice and quiet.
Today, my mind is like my golf swing!
Man I'm in a daze wakin round round in a maze, theres money to be made so I'm on a paper chase
Reading Simplicity Marketing and A New Brand world, antique hunting & a little redecorating = A relaxing weekend
Just stick to C for that. C++ has too much extra complicated stuff slapped on top of C that wont help your foundation.
why? Where are you? Come to Groppi's.....
Had a perfect dinner at #Locanda. And now my cab is playing Human Nature by MJ.
RBP (Really big picture) Series on future events. Science predictions based on Sun’s luminosity rising 10% every 1.1 billion years.
Really? You guys can't post a direct link to the story? And, the story isn't even on the front page of your site. Useless.
My mom's care at Scripps Mercy has been 5 star. Your people are terrific. Many thanks.
Just read: Indonesia executes three men for the 2002 bombings in Bali that killed more than 200 people,
Oh I'm a lightweight. Better be careful what you say. With every word I'm blown away. You're in control of my heart. <3
"Can you keep a Secret Service?" - Robin Williams
Just getting back in from helping my sister move. I'm tried as hell right now
how's everything going? Thinking of you & grandma
October, Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Today, Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day. METAvivors will change their fate. www.metavivor.org
Let's go Bucky!
hello how ru doing
I guess ill be on twitter more often again, well see. Maybe possibility of doing a youtube vid..well see
Na. Need the link
Presenting Situational Awareness using #GIS at #Microsoft Public Safety Symposium next week.
Still packing.
Follow and help us get to 8,000 followers!
U dnt grind you dnt shine you dont work you dont eat!
RT : Life is only as hard as your make it seem.
Are you bloggers? If so, what topics do you blog about? When did you get started?
S/0 to my new follower
Ask a Zipster friend to refer you and you'll both get driving credit!
What fine lady wants to go to the katt williams show with me end of the month. Sexy body, pretty feet and open toe heels are a must.
15 characters...breaking all the rules. Lets economize !
Dude, weirdly enough, last night I had the same dream about going back to HS haha. Glad I'm not there anymore!
I better have a drink! Jane! Get me some ice.
I have a friend who punched his ceiling (we were in a basement) when Favre threw that INT against the Giants in 07.
Getting ready to populate site with your business. If it is there, upgrade to showcase and start receiving customers.
Recurring memories turn to recurring nightmares.
Not n a good mood this AM. But, it'll get better...visit w/fam, cook, then chick-food-wine (anti-Superbowl) party w/my girls.
great sound to hear!!!
I am not handling this well. No wonder doesn't like watching games with me.
Bookclub tip 4;For variety, pick a topic and have each member read a different book.
aww I miss you more hun
Would love to speak iLog Rules Engine Developer sometime today...Anyone know of someone? I have 2 immediate needs here in Fort Lauderdale,…
Telford and Wrekin Council hit by foster care costs - BBC News
cant believe how much money I just spent on multi-city flights... GRRRRRR... can I be a PT stewardess??
never to late to start :)
Blah school
Will u ever notice me? Tweet me if u do.
Hey Girl Scout, let your mom handle my cookie transaction. I don't have all day to watch you practice math.
I don't have them saved. But I LOVE a soirée! :)
Disagree. I can't stand Duke, and that miracle minute was one of the most amazing things I've seen.
Twitter me this twitter me that!!???
I know what you mean!
Oh that is hilarious on the Legging comment. So True!
Put a crackhead with OCD in a room full of light switches and watch the entire building go up in flames.
If they put adventure time and regular show on Netflix I might as well drop out of school
Follow us on Twitter & Like Inner Beauty Salon and Suites Facebook page
.... Hmm creepy. I need to talk to someone so badly& you're perf. Please Hurry and get home(:
Anyone else catch this from CFM re: innovation? "There seemed to be a tendency for proposals to originate in the education depts."
IM TUNED-IN & TUNED-UP TO THE #RGR W/ PRESS #1 TO TALK 7148680247
Faith in greater purpose gives people desire to strive for better. Evolution & reason define the details of our learning along this journey.
“: #MentionTo your friend who always understands you.”
My status.... She blocked me after that. hahah
Nathaniel Emmons~ Just definitions either prevent or put an end to a dispute.
#Riseandwine sunny & brisk Saturday. A day without a to do list...pure diva bliss!
Charlie! What's up man? How are you?
u need to ask off wendsdays!>:(
FYI I assigned a new task "stop being a DB" :)
I message them and they reply back to me sometimes they don't reply but they are all very nice
Gonna hit my 10k today , who wants it?!?!!!
my chin's naked again, & hockey season for Chicago is over. Afghan Whigs & Dinosaur Jr on shuffle. wait til next year indeed,
tell me who gets this
What happened to your truck?
are you in Vegas?
Sayin bitch does not make mature Pickin on nerds does not make you reach of blessing think what your gonna say or do before you say or do it
I hate my smile . And most of the time when I show it , it's not real . Im never actually HAPPY these days .
Tweeting the PSq stakeholders meeting
Thanks for the re-follow Colleen. Have a good morning.
29.81 fps? how in the world does one arrive at that? oh well..
Thanks for the #shoutout everyone! Have a happy Tuesday!
I think as long as your funny anything is possible...:)
RT : so really the cigar should be from jeff GO JIMMY
We're in the studio, cutting WWII sounds for a future Soundpack.
COMPLETELY FREE or 50% off on Limo rides for W-Limo wedding clients - for your feedback and wedding pics
Almost time for OBGYN appoint!! :)
I should not b eating this steak egg n cheese baagel from mcdonalds right now
apparently it wasn't enough lol but is going and reaping us :D
aww that sucks! :( Sorry!
I wonder if is online...
March Madness. Just found out that my favorite American Idol is in DC.
...seemingly unable to stand, much less throw the first pitch in Miami.
at 19$ what a steal!
aww I love you babe<3 your tweets always make me happy :)
Thanks for the review. Cheers!
ok sounds good. I'll let you pick the place of your loss
i guess ill start on this t-shirt order for the church now!
RT Good morning twitter! How is everyone? Keep an eye out for some new items we have! Anyone have any special requests?
I'm excited for the new Men in Black movie, and I don't care who knows it.
gorgeous. I do like the name too.
@ applebees having lunch with my sisters and niece! I'm starving!!
I'll have to read this when I get back to my desk
i followed
hello Leema Lee will you follow me beautiful thanks.xoxo ;-)
I think it's which texts are analyzed. Jockers focused on 19c, couldn't as easily explore 20c due to (c) lock.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. Fred Allen
Did you know that 1/3 of all power in the northeast is used by computers?
Happy birthday, Mr. President!
are the today show folks losing it? Used to be so strong! Now if the duggars aren't having a baby it's puppy custody? Sheesh
or Krusty the Clown from The Simpsons.
thankyou!RT Woke up to the sound of a woman getting raped in my building at 1am, called 911, dude apprehended 20 minutes later.
i know lol i suck next tweet will be so epic you'll probably favorite it, retweet it and use it a couple of months down the line
I'm going to miss having movie nights with her.
Shade tree mechanic... Minus the shade. F word.
What have I become, my sweetest friend.....
yep yep! Where did all the good cartoons like that go to?
Getting ready to talk about 1984. Would have been helpful if I had brought it and or read it.
hi-hats look like clams
Here's an update on that girl...she's blowing me off, haha. She gave me her # & now when she sees me it's like I don't exist.
Whole love
What's with the influx of 13 year old girls in belltown?
I'm tweeting as I'm watching pre-game from YES
Baxter: in some final judgement, you will be judged by the way u treated the poor person at ur door
Let's get rid of term "web extra."
Take 2 of #stlouismain planning on accumulating just as I did this morning however with different results.
Last min. invites are never a good thing...
By kicking Gaga's nose in, Britney would actually be doing Gaga a favor.
I Love How Everyone Is Just Leaving Me.
At the MoFo/WashBusJournal 5th Annual Federal M&A Outlook #M&A
Giggas nudging me...
Im going to be a better tweeter one day i swear
Its cute when Nehemiah gets mad ^.^
dude it was lip synch day and luckily I was there. It was hysterical!
Cant wait to get my hamsters next week!!!! :))! What shall i name them? :0
Am I the only human being whose thoughts are unordered?
I think I got in my good deeds for the next fee days tonight
Housing a crunchburger at with
BU's Senior Week Sox game is tomorrow - tonight is just a generic College Night. But still a lot of BU kids there tonight...
welp, for some reason my photos from the game never uploaded so everyone prob thinks I wasn't even on the field lol #restassure I was there
Hey Abby, glad you enjoyed the guide. It was truly a labor of love. :)
Give credit when it's due. Okay, I'm done.
Geeks Who Drink Pub Quiz allows for 6 per team. It will hurt your brain...but the beers help that.
awesome sauce :) ...how bout yous??
Think Hugh's beat u 2 it! “:mislaid my s.s. # & medical records. Have a call into News of the World staff to recover them.”
Resorted to Burroughs-ing the website to fix the layout. Print it out. Cut it up.
Even though I'm sick, my throat hurts, and I can't breathe out of my nose... ALWAYS makes me feel better
thnx for the tweet. shoot us a dm w/ your email. we can access your voucher that way.
YUP A healthy D..cept #36....will look a lot different next week vs. past 5 weeks....
love life nd the people in it
What time of the day did you weighin on BL?
2013 Ford Escape engines EPA-certified at 30 mpg highway or better All three engine offerings for the 2013 Ford Escape were certified by
Nothing like an apple for breakfast.
Biggish shoot tomorrow, wish us luck
Love is like the sun coming out of the clouds and warming your soul.
I still talk to Robbie all the time
Gah! When I log in to online, they display a full-page, high interest credit card offer with a hard-to-locate "No Thanks" button.
Getting to spend the day outside by the pool was wonderful. Cooking Italian tonight & enjoying life.
was it 1 of Riske's kids? Saw them Sunday and they both had a cannon.
Wayne Greenhaw tomorrow! We have a very special guest to introduce him! Hint: Jacket blurb!
you wish you were as fresh as me :) ur 1 step closer if you check #karmaloop and #plndr save 10% EVERY MFKG TIME w/ repcode MARYJANEEATER
No matter where I am, when the TP runs out, I seek out and replace the roll.
What about SM with clients? RT : A5. Firms must have regular ads in client publications; 7 exposures at a minimum.
equipment has been moved to Settings. But we're going to bring it back more front-and-center in v3.3.
GO DEVILS!!!!
Hi Friend
Bootleg of his own production "SHE SHE LAND" and production "ZERO 76" is INSANE! This is a KILLER Track!
there went my night :/
Can we come work for you? RT : 1st CHO decision: Upgraded office coffee fr. Max House to Seattle's Best. Encore ideas?
well-played, sir
Officially Retiring from Kickball in a month. Ceremony will be on October 2nd.
Yeah, not such the fan of eggs, but hey, the Bowl of Papas (sans eggs) FREAKIN AWESOME!
its because your the uglyist bitch alive
i need 8 more followers!
It's 50 degrees in December!! A perfect day to visit the B&O!
Sextones are playing, I have open slots :D
I love the luke and liea theory for faraday and charlotte
blah blah! Whatever :)
WOW a great 8 AM crowd at Multiplication to Ratio, Proportion, and Fractions session at
Twins are the best this world has seen
&& I know ur grandma made cupcakes for caseys bday, where are mine?
Think I'm behind. Saw one violation.. ": I'm waiting for the final outcome of the Tebow trade before I UNLEASH."
Lol I'm sorry!! I was in the process of opening my 1st location here in Chicago so that took all my time. Atl next!!
#Tomorrowbook Stop asking and just take action
Thanks for following, !
And it's not mean. Just an observation. Incorrect yolo usage.
if you don't like it, can you return it?
Getting ready to spend a FULL day in IDHS bidders conferences that should instead take a total of 2 hours.
I need tissue.
Evernote, Penultimate, Keynote, Crackle, Scrabble, Flipboard and Currents. Loads of social and shopping apps too :) Have fun!!!
You're human. I'm sure we've all had friends fail the autism friendship test. I certainly did. It's sad.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Gay Rights
Happy birthday to the wonderful !
Someone's got to. :)
you were friends with a friend
RT : Edwin van der sar...some great saves today...nothing new there then!
we have an offer on the table for this summer we hope it works for the 2nd annual Froggy 104.9 Field Party
happy mothers day mommy<3
GREAT advice! > MT “: I've had good luck working w/ local musicians getting them to help out for good price. #revideo”
Dang RT : Nnemkadi Ogwumike had 39 points; the rest of the Stanford team had 37
thanks for the follow your site is top notch
1. "I’ve always taken my love for Wilco with a grain of salt" makes me so sad. Same as the myth of "guilty pleasure." Love what you love.
aw.... SO CUTE! My son's still up right now... kicking a soccer ball & pretending he's playing. :o)
From revolution to freedom?
#Pacers looking god!
I will check and get back to you by tomorrow
me follow me
Always ask open questions - who, what, how, when, why, also "Tell me about..."
Bought my #Bold 9930 yesterday! I'm so excited. I can't wait to get it!
Great work, Ma'am! I congratulate you. X
when's da last time u saw somebody comment from da studio saying "yo, we just wrote a song that'll b here 20 yrs from now & still relevant"
yea. its almost over forever...a tear! lol.jk! life must go on...
Behind every mask lies a man who can't live in his own skin
game's not on here, tell me he didn't...
RT : SWEET DREAMS FRIENDS XO
follow , you'll be alright lol
Check out from presenting Google Analytics 101 University
okay they're bumping some Josh Groban here at Miller Park. Guess we know Rich Rod's new job.
i guess her mom had a miscarriage ..
stfu. But that's a lot of extra work when you can just look at them on fb duh
u are gonna win a VMA.... there is no doubt about it BROTHER!!!!!!!
what's the difference between Real 3D and IMAX 3D? Size of the screen?
In 1979, in front of the Egyptian pyramids, Sinatra performed for Anqar Sadat.
yea i understood it, that's why i was like whoa i guess my spanish classes are working haha (but my gramatics are iffy lol)
Or rather, cover your eyes with these sunglasses your dad got you, honey? RT : Mae: Is that my Daddy?! Me: Avert your eyes, honey.
Stoughton and Deforest student sections are two of the loudest I've heard all year!
UMass-Amherst has announced its writer-in-residence in history: #TonyHorwitz. Very exciting. His first event is on 3.14 at the university.
Just a reminder workshops start tomorrow at 8:30AM. See you then
At what point does a Walker supporter become offended? He thinks you are all stupid!
NOT TO MENTION THE VDAY EPISODE IS RELEASING ON VDAY ITSELF, WHICH IS MY BRITHDAY!?!?!?1?.
Visit our "Super Cute" store in the Galleria at Sunset in Henderson!!! Spend $100 and SAVE $20 INSTANTLY!!! Kawaii!!!
i have never seen anything there either so I think that would be a perfect first event :)
Omg my mom turned down a proposal lol thank you LORED #LEGGO #swag srry I just don't like him sometimes xD
Damn. Everytime I come to work early. Something breaks. CPATHS are not linking with my code. Guess I will surf the net until my team come.
YAY!!! Finally it's about time he's home!!
“: If your business is #food, #fashion, #style, or #home and hasn't piqued your interest yet, perk up!!!”
This does not surprise me, but where did you hear this?
is the BOMB..
Wait if you're going to be on your laptop why not just-- Actually, okay. Sounds good. :)
Oh Okay, sounds intriguing!!! :) I just read The Alchemist, and now I'm on to "The Four Agreements" So good! Enjoy your books!
Don't hold your breath I'm not losing sleep over you.
I gotta testify. Come up in the spot lookin extra fly. Til the die I die, I'mma touch the sky<3
OMGG!! Can't wait to see them!
back at you and to!!! Xoxoxoxo
have any powershell scripts to make me a more consistent golfer?
Thanks, Tom. Definitely see you at Mai Fest.
Happy Birthday!!
I have nothing to do... someone entertain me?
living the life? Kbs for breakfast!
Thanks for the congratulations. We're excited about the competition.
Np! Follow my band
fantastic job tonight Becca! Loved the show!
I LOVE TORNADOS.
addicted much? (:
you're kinda lame...or asleep.
The most essential gift for a good writer is a built-in, shockproof shit detector. - Hemingway
Just chillin enjoying my packs success. Life is good and packeritis is strong
RT : GOP is about control over the American people. It's more important than money or budget. It's about dividing the country.
It was.... Soap... Poisoning.... Ah. "ah, I told you not to use Lifeboy"
No breaking down today but if you do, don't call me.
Today we speak w/ writer Adam Gopnik, about why he thinks French cooking is becoming passé, and why some kitchens resemble science labs
well since I was totally a witch in Macbeth in my drama class in high school... I do
Nice camera tracking applications in Android OS!
wine is definitely in order for tonight!!!
my jaw is the ultimate drum machine.
Eddie Palmieri at #Yoshis SF and Encuentro del Canto Popular @ the Brava SF as well with John Santos among others. Support LIVE music!
Why do you have to scroll (at snails pace) past accounts & lists just to get to searches? I wish you could start fresh & search
i do feel sorry for you! lol.
#travisclark what's your favorite song on sunshine state of mind? :)
I think he fell asleep on me before he could even call me back :/ i guess basketball has really been killing him this week love you babe!
Hi! All 4 of my uncles were in the NYPD. I am from Long Island, myself.
Where you at boo? We miss you around these parts.
thought i was dying earlier this week. turns out i was wrong. carry on.
My sister won third for her Bo Kata... yay Kiana!
Sorry, that is a gift from on high. Only a very special few can do it. And no, he really isn't on twitter, which is fun.
me too! btw what is your profile picture of? loool
haha pretty sure i was still drunk at work this morning...i spelled the special wrong on the board
We are looking for a Proofreader- Contract in Dallas. Email
That's why they don't call it a tire chipper, I suppose.
We're shooting stuff for the Tux & Tennies gala with the right now. did a great job with his French. Tres bien!
Pearson = Son of Pear #Coincidence?
Haha I was mocking a few buddies after their loss. Mavs fan for life!
I wanna see my mom but not with a hangover
It sucks when you're ignored by the person whose attention is the only thing you want in the world.
get better fast Rampage! You're my favorite fighter! :)
": Buffalo Wild Wings with the husband and the prettyface. <3" omg I'm the husband!!! <3
Likewise Brotha! Cheers! RT : Aloha and Mahalo for the follow. Keep the good eats comin.
Everyone needs a good tea-bagging every once in awhile!!!
All I can say is wow!
2 Sessions today back to back Jussed and John Douja
just gathered the pages for Cavities Issue. DECEMBER 15TH GET READY.
Oh yes. Got a good laugh out of that one haha
HA! I saw you in a #3Ninjas Movie!!
Tonight on #Hoarders one of my star my employees and a couple buddies will be representing the blue crew
Who wants a teaser of our new song? ;)
Girl! It was so crazy!!! I'm still shocked! I'll give you the deets later! :)
God please forgive me for my sins .
Had a good day so far went swimmin now who knows wat else imma do today
When do feel love?
Xavier drives to the hoop uncontested! Now the #Aztecs have a 90-85 lead with 3 mins left in OT. TCU takes a 30 sec timeout.
Will or be at USAH Pacific Districts? Bet they will, and bet I'll see both of them as I'm tweeting updates
u should come tiny chat with me then :)
Thanks a lot, man. I'm pumped!
Destery... Just because your mom tells you " i love you" doesnt mean she your girlfriend... Naaa jk its about time;3
New day...Putting the #Comets loss behind me. Focusing on a #SportingKC win! Bring it!
yes, Houston Wildcats. What you got
oh bruno mars u so funny <3 you
that was part of the original intent, the yahoo node.js framework does similar
yeah! :( I think I moved something in my spine :/
Wow. People keep phone histories like they would track their car ownership history before.
yo what the fuck i told you now when i see you we going to have problems
To say I'm freaking out right now would be an understatement. OH EM GEE!
Have you listened to Gangsta Grass?
hahaha I just wanted to see if it worked...i take it it didnt
Thanks We're excited to bring the race to the #Yorkshire area! If you guys need anything from let me know!
I only got 145
Who is #househunting today?
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Feel Better I Miss You N Love You Bro #NoHomo I was thinking bout u all week Feel Better! U Gunna be back in no time to bruh
congrats Michael!!
On My Way, dude! LOL
tell me why some dude told me I sound like Childish Gambino over XBL hahahahaha
Thanks! I'm excited! (Nervous too!)
Had a great rehearsal with our 21 finalists! They all worked so hard! There literally was blood sweat and tears!
OK, that's a good answer! You win.
RT : Keep the words flowing my friends! You can do this!! #dfwrhinos #nanowrimo Put #writeordie to good use...it will help!
Another wonderful show! Thank you for the fantastic feature on our lil lefty Stephen Campbell. One proud mama...
no problem dude
RT The "anticircumvention" provisions of the DMCA are like that hypothetical law against opening the hood of your own car.
Have you heard #MILF ?
I can't watch this fucking game......
good suggestion will pass along
every day?
Saw a biker today that really inspired me! He was pulling a BIG bike trailer and in the trailer was his upright bass! Awesome!
oh ya know just for the weekend. :)
“: you might wanna wear a mask!!! Lol thank you” Got my Emergen-C on deck!
Working Saturdays isn't so bad when the programs I'm covering include The Dark Crystal & a folk guitarist in the stacks.
thank you for the follow!
Wow great long night for me
You know you're a Dallas Stars fan if you rooted for the Mavs to win the NBA because it's nice to see someone playing in AAC in June.
hey baby, u sleeping?
You ought to hear the involved technical explanation of a grade B egg. It's so involved and technical it doesn't make sense. [1944]
im in love with sugarscape xx
8th grade sucks
Thanks to & for taking action to protect direct care workers.
This new #PaulWeller is really good. He just keeps doing it right.
Lets go Rangers!
Sahr is kicking it on the Colbert show. Check it out!
Can't spell LeVelUp without "LUV"!
Isn't the moon supposed to be really close too? Happy early Birthday!
Lebron free gums, dri fit t shirt, and two sleeveless nikepro shirts for gym...$120 $winning
tune in for some awesome photo tips!
This zoo trip sucks ass, This trip is too good to be true ! I have to be optimistic.
Just heard you all mentioned on HLN, wish all schools had the same rules ....
RT : We're up for voting in the Business Journal's Brand Madness Competition! Vote now for Summerfest, voting ends......
"When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate, and when life is bitter, say thank you and grow."
GIANT NIALL POSTER.
nasty strippers with bad teeth! NO
this is more important than Happy Hour
We're at the BSO eating cookies and looking at #globeposter until 8:30, come join us!!!
Thanks! I am excited and ready to go.
If someone post 4+ times on same topic, I get annoyed. But if I see loads of ppl in network on same topic, I want in
My friends and I are playing a house show in my backyard (684 N Idlewild) this Friday (30th) at 7pm...you should come
played it. killed about 10 minutes
"Hi. I'm _______ . What's your name?"
they're hyper-active after that Fox 29 report last week
Favorite comment so far, "god forbid not all of us run straight home for some DnD or WoW."
#WillingHAM #Twins I love this guy.
We have a very dedicated group of students working hard to help spread the word about Gears and kickstarter!
you're right.
Relocated to #wynwood peeps....we'll be here for a little while so you can pass by for some much needed sweetness
Looking to sell your home in 2011 or know someone who is? This is a great read for you! goo.gl/DY2C3
Where them fakers fans at
THANKS! Hope all is well!
- ha ha! I need to find pictures of that!
RT #Follow for DC/VA #Apartment Info in #Redskins Country!
Keith Olbermann, host of msnbc's Countdown was suspended over making political contributions to candidates running for office.
WHY do we keep trading our picks!? I'll take that 3rd round pick we just got, but come on! I want Ronnell Lewis! He's gonna kill it!
Want a followback ? Then go follow Right Now , And Retweet This & Refresh Your Page And You'll Have New Fol...
Thanks Guys!
Currently ninth in line at Ollie's Trolley in Louisville. Gotta have my Ollie w cheese.
I seriously cannot believe that ending to
thanks... That means a lot to me Katie.. <3
Good night my fellow tweeters.
how goes it?
I want to be the first to know if you have any success with that.
Can I get some more followers please or some retweets I am such an inspirational artist lol follow me ;)
Worst part is seeing those psychos from Philly happy. Wizards will never win until they change their name back to Bullets.
News Update: Mitt Romney has won Nebraska and Oregon primaries. Ron Paul has dropped out for remaining states giving Romney a clear path
Why I thought watching Law & Order CI was more productive than getting ready for work I'll never know
We’re yet to see the publisher produce anything major on that front, though
literally blew a gasket last night.test ifttt
Back on top of my money finally bills paid and all Finna get cut up and Lit
If you are in the area of Imperial Beach on Tuesday, then LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN IN HAND!
Momma has to go buy me more treats so that I can wake Daddy up at 3 AM & bark at him until he gets me one...until then I want pizza ;)
! RT : Check Free, real world info about #PTSD, #TBI, & #LifeAfterCombat from ppl who’ve been there & done that!
The last time I gave a urine sample, there was an olive was in it
It's freezing outside >.<
I believe 4 and then they all share an open large space. The site exists at the elementary level
Emotional #GrammyAwards -- Probably one of the best I've seen in a long time. Amazing performances.
teenwork.ca (teenworkca) thanks for the follow.
"What do you fear?" "A cage. To stay behind bars until use & old age accept them & all chance of valor has gone beyond recall or desire."
Love that feeling as a football player B-)
Great tips on FB engagement for B2B brands - Intel is doing some cool stuff - thanks for sharing!
really? what does she look like...a troll?
only if I can be the little spoon ⚡☔☔⚡☔☁👌
Math state tests -_-
Diane Latiker = Amazing woman.
Shoot - I thought you meant, you know, be blew up. Boom.
off with it!
Bahahaha, turning hoes into housewives! MT : yep. That one, too. She will from now be known as "Virginia Housewife."
You should come watch the Teen Wolf finale with me! (;
Yeah!! RT : lets get this visual going indigo ! Dm you contact information or email to
"San Diego Electrician" 619-548-8108: San Diego Electrician
plz follow mhe ima real big fan of u beauty and star iwould like to make a song with u guys one day <3
This song just fucked up my mood. But I can't stop listening to it </3
Can we have our 70 degree weather back? Yes I'm a wimp when it comes to the cold!
MY MOTHER WOULD BE PROUD!!! lol jk m
Thanks for sharing your brilliance with the world :-)
What's twitter 4 again Dkm
Like a boss.
No silly LoL of course its more for looks but I guess I would have to move a little in it, I'm not gonna be doing Christina
A man's silence is wonderful to listen to. Thomas Hardy
How long does a harp stay in tune? About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
This shit crazy
Thank you Pmore. I am finally with the times eh? I have to get my head out of the books sometimes so I making strides.
I'm attracted by looks. Personality makes me stay. <3
My mentions tonight, tho>>
..feel ya, my apple!
don't root for #Clippers bc of the owner, but that was pretty amazing.
Yea what ? I am wrong ? Ur team is gonna win more than 5 games ?
On the far side of TSA security I'm relearning the economic laws of supply and demand.
The holidays are great and all but I need a break from my family......
Words are words ...
PACERS win!
The discussion is fairly heated. My Phd students are a bit upset by Sir Keith Thomas on 'Young Academics' in Indy.
thats funny! #bonding ": I'm shadowing aaron at Concordia in the next couple weeks hahahhahaha #thiswillbegood"
bro you dont wanna do that
Haha it's too hot here
someone's actually getting TWO dead gators in the mail. i didn't want to separate them. like kittens, basically.
going to be so jealous of the girl that marries you someday.
A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again.
rolled of the bed shot back pow pow
look at your head-Les deal is being great thanks all checkout the rest of the interview.
Good point. Or know thyself (read: just drink vodka instead).
I need some space bags
Love that Biden was in town & all I'm seeing is that he had jenis. Shows what really gets ppl -including me- excited about politics.
It was good, I hear you all had a real defensive battle. Glad to hear our defense did so well
I really like #Oomf even though we just met but it doesn't seem the same on his end.
KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe News Weather, Video - France chooses a new ... - KTVN
Morning Peeps ( :
I was serious x] it was funny
Obsessing over how freaking cute was when she was little!!!
indeed we do! well imma be intown tomorrow! well today so hmu!
#letsbringback Everyone's Self-confidence
Dr. West is flat out rocking and rolling regarding President Obama on Al-Jazeera right now.
Ditto for you from Cool stuff ur doing--wish I had s.m. class when I was here. Course web wasn't invented yet. :)
I just made swiss and mushroom quiches so delicious that I ate one even though I have adverse reactions to eggs.
AABP is hosting a 6 week tournament starting next week...$250.00 payout..you know anyone who'd be interested?
I think the day went by ok..
I will be stoping for dinner tonite!
RT this if you think I should change my mind and run for re-election cause & are boring
Really? Great! No one cares.
I was told Unaffiliated ballot only had the amendment on it, that's it. Not sure if there are any other non-partisan races.
Want a pair of white Georgetown Day sunglasses? Just show your debit card to a teller tomorrow and ask
The last Wednesday of the month is always Biker Movie night This week I think is I bought a Vampire Motocycle
#AmITheOnlyOneThat said good night too soon? Tired but far from sleepy :/
Whoops, that's WELCOA. One L, not two.
Join us Trucko de Mayo, biggest Food Truck party on the East Coast!! RFK Stadium Lot 3 11:30-9:00!
No traffic out. Great time for a scooter ride.
FF thanks for the continued support
Oh sorry, #teamAdam you lost. #teamBlake all the way.
I don't think the cast members write that themselves. It's probably someone in web production that did that. AWFUL.
In related news, iPhone autocorrects 'Lojban' to 'Libyan'.
i'm not gonna tweet like crazy about my boyfriend, but i'm very happy with my life at this moment. ♥
me either
RT : Many of us in the US have off today. Regardless of if you do or not, try to keep in mind why.
Q3 What are the biggest hurdles in implementing mobile marketing?
ok just be sure to let the Hotel know you are expecting a package. I would hate for your #wiredwaffles to get returned
Tomorrow will be open-your-windows-and-enjoy-the-fresh-air-day!
you killed it tonight!
i hate it when people point or stare like what u lookin at what u got somethin 2 say like what u lookin at bra bra
It's like I see all these people on Twitter into and knowledgeable about the sport, Yet I can't find one like that :/ lol
Prayers up to my CHS fam affected by the loss of Tendai. I didn't know the dude, but I can see the affect he had on all my lil homies.
I walked pass you in NY Nov. 2001 on my way to see phantom of the opera/ it felt like I saw a ghost lol... like he's real?
Teaching girls how to play football is tough.. -__- welp time to eat some taco bell & wait for a call. #todaywasgood(:
Thank you to everyone who helped support #MamasDay2012! What was your favorite part of the evening?
Rogue Dead Guy Ale is really good. I know you were wondering.
you're so caring to your fans! :D
justin bieber
We had a great time seeing you too!
thank you for looking out for the animals big man. You are a voice for good!
If I find any, they're all yours! I support my local kinksters.
I'm going with books....oh and parenting
This is how #Philly DOES IT! RT : Dilworth is clear, no arrests, no violence. Philly Police professional #occupyphilly peaceful.
i wanna vote again but i cant it wont let me grrrrrrrrr
Gen-X
Good Night everyone (:
MC CHALLENGE THIS SUNDAY!!!!!!! hint,nudge,wink (vice hopes she gets my good side) lol
Heading to church.....maybe tanning later?
#whyamithinkingthesethings because our wives won't let us leave on tuesday
I'm all for conferences in cities where I live, or where I know a lot of people with couches.
Sorry, we depend on APIs that are only in Snow Leopard and higher.
This one hits close to home RT : I have to constantly help my parents with technology.
How pissed is Daequan Cook right now? If the Heat win the title, I vote he gets a ring as well.
Truth builds trust. -Marilyn Suttle
it's NOT a warranty issue. I'm idiot who lost part. Fine. It's about politeness, service, openness. RIM flunks on all points.
Good morning my twitters lovers, whats cooking.
"Dad, that tree wouldn't go in our front yard." "It's not going in our front yard, Russ. It's going in our living room."
Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Semis will be at the Gahhhden Saturday night. Yeah. That's mind-boggling. But wicked awesome!
I love Bella Thorne she's unique in her own way she's a great dancer and i look up to her in fact people always say I look like her
who are you with?
but I wouldn't b actually DOING anything. Its sorta like masturbation....kinda sorta
I love your Dad...he's so sweet!
now you know how I felt when you, and were all over my twitter feed about that damn baseball stadium...
Jane Yow from the Performance Link, will be our guest speaker tonight at 5:30. Bring a friend or potential new member! See you all there!
I'm back on my grind...ugh ( Rick Ross voice )
Happy Friday the 13th witches! I'm staying in a hotel with a 13th floor. Also, I am bewitching.;)
she wish she had my life & not those 2 kids so whatever
Hi Cory and thank you for following. Your book, from what I've read is a must have. I'll keep track of you posts Best wishes to you
Poor hoodrat Evelyn Lozada. The only thing in her vocab is the f bomb and bi*^h to jumping on tables. #shame Do better!
I want to, but it didn't work out this year....next year!!
Happy birthday to the Petes -
I'm a chicken-hawk re: Iran, but took pause today wondering if the West might be creating another 1930s Germany.
Matt Kemp wasn't lying when he said he was going for a 50-50 season...he's Barry Bonds scary right now.
Whats with AZ and the legislature?
hey hon (not sure who this is on the twitter) you should make your mj shirts the twitter picture :)
WOW!!! len gves a TEN! FINALLY. someone had their oatmeal this morning!!:)
nothin just laying down watching tv.
Thx for the connect, now pls check my arch and int design tweets at Cheers!
1000 followers! Thanks everyone! Here's to the next 1000. Have a great weekend in CLE.
Seattleites, when you were little, who was your cartoon character?
#happycincodemayo to all of my and your hispanic heritage day
Which one of us got hacked? I had to reset my account info.
42 followers :p
TOMORROW - I will be at the Celebrating Mom! Craft & Vendor Show from 11am - 3pm at Ashton Place, 341 75th Street, Willowbrook, IL.
tigers a beast at golf. Let face it, golf is not hockey or a contact sport and he gets quits like hes playing 1. man up
My hormones are on rage right now, so, small stupid things the Lakers do, pisses the fuck out of me. Come on
Why! Why! Why am I here! "Jane stop this crazy thing!!!!"
Uh, ?! RT "Hey, can I get some new pants on? 'Cause, uh... I'm kinda peein' in my shorts."
May I Please Listen To It :) I Need #Inspiration 2 Make Some More Music
#Bears LOL. Sucks to suck. Winning the Superbowl is a great feeling. Too bad you were 6 years late.
And then when they ate her out again a while later one thought he found it and bit into it. But it wasn't a skittle it was a herpes sack.
we were all thinking it. Aslan is really the only option in my mind.
And the #Pacers pick up their 87th foul of the game.
If you're near #Raleigh NC and want to help needy animals please become foster parent for SPCA of Wake Co. URGENT! www.spcawake.org/foster
Good Morning Twitther
At some point, Twitter becomes an echo chamber for egotists.
i wanna come too. lol
I love you !
Good Morning Balloon Museum followers! The weather is telling us Balloon Fiesta is right around the corner!
Roll Call: Who's registered for Summer Camp 2011 already?
Listening to that Carter I
I respect that. I just feel like everybody has their lane is all.
Have an earbud jammed in my ear after the earpiece i wear to hear my producer broke today.
About to start work! Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow!
More News on VA AForum FB and Virginia Actors' Forum Group! Follow VAF on Twitter at VAFNEWS!
Im just a real nigga doin his part
"You haven't ate pizza rolls since 1979, why would you start now." Things you hear in Wal-Mart.
RT-had a dream I could buy my way into heaven/// Streets are paved with gold...aint gonna happen.
tomorrow mateo
where you go to school at now
Ain't no girl worth.losing ya wife and ain't no.beef worth.you losing ya life omm
“: If you like movies/work in movies/have seen a movie, following the prolific David Hudson at is a must!”
What industry should I be looking to purchase stock in, biomedical or technology?
hmm ... not sure which rule you mean, but the commas weren't being used to separate a related cause, which
BARAJAS!! (Hosssssa Voice)!! Clap it up. Who needs Josh Hamilton!!
The South Bend Symphony String Ensemble will perform at the Tutt Branch on May 3rd at 4 p.m. Call 282-4637 for more information.
right, right.
Gonna watch #Warren the Ape pretty hilarious stuff
PLUS THERE MIGHT BE AFTER SHOCKS!
That moment when your in school text and her phone dies smh
I wish the weather would make up its mind which season we were in..
okay so i cannot stop listenin to #AnglesAndGentelmen i think im officially addicted!!!!
It's been an hour since you asked this, but it was a state-wide drill for severe weather awarness week.
Babies are really intense pets.
Hello people. haha
Dnt come at me wit no wack as lines come at me rite im a lady an deserve tha best
I hate morning breath so much I wake just to brush my teeth then go back to sleep, that or its the first thing I do before anything else
just got my plane tickets for !!!!!!!!!
Put your detective skills to work and solve this dinner mystery while enjoying a 4 course culinary creation!
Rodgers scores the match's first break, now trying to serve out the first set at 6-5.
You bet! RT Just realized that fellow Hanover Elementary and Buffalo High School grad is Kare 11's new meteorologist.
"hey girl! Not this time- we're out in Millersville" Boo - sounds like you you'll have Millertime in Millersville.
Actions. But (arguably) you cannot control the interpretations of your actions.
i would gladly sit on 's face.
It took me 3 nights to get through that heap of propaganda. You did do a nice job, McAdam's teacher's pet not 1 to do the job
thank you =)
thanks much!! Looking fwd to keeping updated on the exciting things happening with the team :)
I was trying to overlook that fact. After tonight his silver spoon was shining brightly.
Just like old times RT : Will Ferrell hosting #SNL is kind of an event.
Don't know whether you need to be going overseas, but def worth investigating.
she had no focus or a clue....just crazy
to make outgoing calls!
You mean at all? Lol.
New animated #Avatar Legends of Korra FANTASTIC! Headstrong girl Avatar, needs to learn spiritual/Air Bending, class oppression/strife, etc
i love song TTYL!.. it's dope!
My cousin say free instead of three
not much, getting everything ready for prom tomorrow, wbu?
