Such a beautiful painting!
"then we shamelessly grinded... Hello summer?" someone had a good night
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 6
I've come to a conclusion ... She wants the dick ....
WGIRLS Milwaukee make runway debut this Friday at Charity Fashion Show by WGIRLS Milwaukee & Aras Promotions at Milwaukee Athletic Club!
Barrett did not lose his Congressional seat, he stepped down after redistricting as to not primary Jerry Kleczka
tyranny of "print equivalencies"
get at me please. Need to setup interview. Thanks
Fantastic! Congratulations!
yeah exactly!! I feel sorry for ppl blaming others for the negative consequences of actions they took. Lol it's sad
thats sexy as hell
Nice job on Misty Copeland piece, !
Love this!
jeez child lazy piece of 💩 hahah jokes!!(:
Teleportal Readings tonight! Hope to see you there!
it's great! what's your handle?
That's a fun camp!
Who wants to bukkake tonight? I do!
every time it rainss we are gunna go to walmart nooww :)
Timmy Edwards reppin the griffs on proud fellow cuserrrr
5 guys burgers and fries is the best but not as good as you <3
The CBS 58 Morning News is on the scene of breaking news: house fire in Hales Corners.
No tits attached
UCLA will be a train wreck with a ton of talent. Mark it down, big heads and selfish. Kyle Anderson is the worst.
(At least, I'm fairly sure that's the case$
Check out a few of our awesome speakers for this
what did they tell her?? :o
Las Vegas for NYE? Yep.
almost 18million beliebers #proud iam a belieber and am proud being one
industrial size push broom for a 4 game sweep.. regular house broom for 3 game sweep... better head to the garage to get the big broom.
there aren't many prof (tenure track, at least) available. and if history book sells 2000 copies, it's wildly successful.
watching the washers scene on Utopia. Not nearly as intense and heated as our legendary matches.
which location? But average either no wait to 15 min hat early!
ISO an album from an artist that crosses all genres.
Not of her talk at UCLA, unfortunately, but she's given versions of it elsewhere. Perhaps someone else recorded it?
he love going up and down them steps now.
I hate it when my hand falls asleep
Sometimes say "Friendster" when you mean "Facebook" and get embarrassed?
Got the Final Mix For #MyCity! S/O To My Peoples
If a drunken mind speaks sober thoughts then does that mean a sober mind speaks drunken thoughs?.
haha I miss you :)
hahaha you know what's up!
Thank you, we certainly appreciate!
Huge thanks to and Danielle Chapman for creating a *terrific* #TOCChicago event -- let's do it again!! (via ) I 2nd that!
i might as well live at jess' house #beenhere6 hours
cure for a bored day is to bake! making some orange soak cake bars.. lets see how this turns out.
aww, doesn't work and I really wanted to see it. You find really great stuff!
I get sick listening to old weezy.....he so fucking sorry now
Before you talk, listen. Before you act, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
It takes 5 minutes for one train to go between Medical Center and Friendship Heights. So why are there 25 minute deals?
Conserve #water! Take shorter showers.
me either - been so darn busy - which is why it's so nice when you popped into my stream for a moment - Cheerio :D
And Seth Rogan...love the mix tonight.
A jealous girl is a faithful girl.
Thumbs up. RT : Because my mom rools, I shall rock this pic of us when I was a twig w/braces in honor of Mother's Day weekend
then they started showing the music video to Call Me Maybe.. and they pretty much showed the whole video. even the end, lmfao.
. Eastern Virginia Medical School grew out of the need for a healthcare workforce pipeline.
“: haha I forgot about Andre Rison! At least the Browns got Trent Richardson” yep but I am fuming no WR
All bathroom sinks $7 and all toilets are $15 at the Wash. Co. ReStore. can you say bathroom remodel?
Come join us Billy
Well eff it then. My day is ruined and I'm going back to bed. Stupid toaster!
give some new guys a chance to prove themselves and stop recycling all these old coaches after they've stop being successful.
sounds good. Friends & i are planning to go to bev hilton pool on sunday if u wanna join!
"You want me to go?" - "no!" - "then why did you bring her?" ... makes me tear up every time.
S/O to the beautiful homie xo
SA peeps: not doing anything tonight? Come play trivia at hosted by yours truly at 7:30!
Your Questions About Backyard Landscaping Ideas For Small Yards
Depends what you want to do. I prefer Coda, but TextMate is better at some things.
thanks for the RT's yesterday! #isitmorningalready?
to announce #smartpower approach to #empoweringwomenandgirls through #sports at conference with
OMG I SHOULD START LIKE COUGHING LIKE A WEIRDO TOO AND YOU ALL LOUD BE LIKE BLESS YOU!!
LOL! "Are they ill-tempered? ... It's a start."
I was about to write a good quote but then I got high and forgot it.
Lol advice for married people: if you Gona buy something expensive like a car or something talk to Ur husband or wife about it first xD
got tkts for Ron Swanson from parks&rec @ 8. will i write and edit a 2500 word essay on teapot dome scandal in time? stay tuned, internet
Good because I like being a smart ass, but I am like A Cowardly Lion Smart Ass
Reached new heights in geekness. It's 2am in Tokyo and I'm watching live updates from Mac WWDC
If Minneapolis gets any colder I'll let you'll know.
If chocolate is the answer, the question is irrelevant.
A BlackBerry without a keyboard is like America without smartphones.
I think it is funny. People are too precious. The man is a great footballer without a brain cell. What did people expect?
Whats that? The EP was released June 22nd? And and....We havent put up the songs online yet? YOU THINK WE CARE ABOUT YOUR...
.-. I'll learn one day but that party is not going to be it.
A hockey and Kaiser Sosa reference in the same tweet. Classic!
Amazing Frat house themed party last night !
I know, crazy right? started the year 11-8 at home, 17-1 since... and thatnks for the RT!
I see your future... you eat ass and die?
Stellar! May 17 will be great fun. Though I'm ever so slightly wary of it being called The Adult Programs. Should I pack a thong?
Had a blast last week shooting an Industrial for CENGAGE in the 3-camera State-of-the-Art iTV Studio with an amazingly talented cast & crew!
So very sorry to hear that Dr. Cole Gustafson of NDSU and the Ag Economics community died over the weekend in a farm machinery incident.
Why not she wants it done!
Thanks for watching!
high praise...thank you. "wicked good" might make a nice binary-busting tagline for the branded cyborg. ;)
Reading Infinite scenarios <3
At the gym actually
please promise us RHOA didnt go postal on each others' ass tonight in georgia
Exclusive:Children of a murdered North County man speak out for the first time. How you can bring justice to their family at 11 on NBC 7.
i got very lost and couldnt find my class. Come to realize i did not have that class today
doin the same on the camera . Looking at the Olympus GT1 tuff series. Does it all
we can wait to have you. What's better than a league with one Mansell? I'd say a league with 2
I didn't know we are hanging tonight
where in the hell is that??!
"It's always too early to quit." Norman Vincent Peale
YES. I'm off the steroids today so I should be able to drink tomorrow. HAY.
just had to work some triage on a Blackberry Torch for my boss. it gave me a renewed appreciation for android.
oh so pretty!
“: Guess what day I never have a short sale update? Monday. So, don't bother asking.” [juat had a convo w ]
Interns smell.
thanks for your follows!
Happy Holidays all!
The more sales emails I "unsubsribe" from, the more I get...I think they simply use those as a way of confirming who opens their emails.
I just found out that my Curb Your Enthusiasm episode will air on July 10. Stay tuned!
nuthin to say, nowhere to say it
too funny... Might make a good show
Do you think Sherman would be a good fit?
man everyone is getting acquired these days. maybe all of the talks were initiated on Feb 14...
I cannot believe he is still at MSU. I would have thought he would have ate it by now.
very soon
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.~Mae West...This also applies to wines, let us help you pick one tonight!
NESN's version of Amber Theoharris is not nearly as hot. Who is this Pelzer pitching for the O's? I like his stuff.
I'm enjoying a day at home; reading and drinking tea.
he's hungry too
I thank god for letting Joe Jonas be on this earth!
MAC, robbers haha
So is that Kony 2012 still going on tonight? (or did the guy who created the video lose all his support? you heard what he did right??)
RT : #Capricorn's love a good argument because they usually end up winning because they know their facts
Name that Tune for Muse tickets coming on up...
I've got one vote for DeRozan, one for Kleiza...anyone else have an opinion on the better stat line tonight? Making my fantasy picks :)
The Legend of Shaw is back in the line up tonight folks.
I can forget about sleep this week.
I wanna hit that!
Hey old and new friends! If you got a Facebook , go like our page and download our music. Tell your buddys!
So...being that 4/20 is National "Get High" Day...would it wrong 4/21 to be National Surprise Drug Test Day???
Home misses you!
Very cool. Hope to meet him today at the conf.
Understood Steven. That means we have to scream louder until someone hears.
...and, will Fed now ignore Jamie and not water down bank reforms? [crickets heard]
I like my nice a little naughty.
don't worry that was my jam in 2005. AKA I'm old.
Pinterest. You chug like a high school senior. Speed up.
Two home soccer games tomorrow at the St. Francis fields, and one Sunday in Avon. Sounds like another busy weekend!
hm, curly W... Walgreens? hehe. They really should've carved out a new W for their logo (even if the Senators used it)
It's game day! Let's go Marquette!
Impressive presentation by KSU undergrad Travis Allen. Well done and good luck
team follow back
tap shoes: acquired
thank you :)
3 synths, 1 guitar and the craziest lighting I've seen since Bjork ... Not sure how happy Trent would be about that comparison.
Stop this reckless rockstar behavior. We just want the old Wendy back.
sleepy head
Jackson! and I are going to California this summer! What are some good surf spots?
Happy birthday !
help me spread the word about
I hate my mom right now
Boredd . ughh , Some one text Mee #ask for the number .!!
Who created Valentines Day? no cheating on google :-)
Change me by your beauty God
I love everyone. Friends, family, enemies. Fuck it. #drunktweet I mean it.
hehe. unfortunately there's only one. Those tiny tiny LEDs were so hard to sew!
Have a safe flight and a fun trip !!!! LOVE YOU!!
Do me a favor, kiss my grits...u aint worth my time
team united and cp3 both picked up wins in the first session of the 2012 Nike EYBL
every time I hear the name Monroe I think about that Tyler Perry play.
FYI: A concierge does not park cars or store bags. haha
Having to walk past someone as if they were never a huge part of your life... #WorstFeelingEver </3
well I am going to go to bed &my iPod is dead ... I will talk to you tomorrow about it ! Thankss <33 bye !
Listening to the silence.
#iWantARelationship ... symbiotic and ever improving and allows the wholeness of life to make the lows very short. Exciement, fun & passion
Hey everyone! It could be bobble head night for softball! Come to mason sports park at 630
Let it out, mi hermano, if that's what you're feeling. Your real people will not judge you. And who cares about the rest?
not gonna risk it :)
How many times do you think I will get to run today! Go Trojans! Fight On!!!
On The Phone With Aarin
no probs mang! We are digging them so hard. Really great stuff.
Nickelodeon TV Audition for New TV Show
i feel old
#Goodmorning twitter land! I hope your weekends were packed full of amazing memories! Let's make this week count! GO #BEEF!
ultimately, it's for my masters in regulatory and clinical research management at regis college. i forget where that is.
One of the greatest names ever RT : No, Sefolosha is the starter.
thanks so much for the RT for Austin! :)
we are very excited to be working on our student entries now!
Finland has now moved on to trying to hurt US players as oppose to trying to win/play a hockey game. Keep it classy, Finns...
dude she pisses me off my table is murders who talk about killin people and she wont move me? wtf? max screams f*ck all da tym
": I'd fight Mayweather if I could get all my school loans and parent's home paid off...lol" i cosign bro. Lol
<------ motivational tweeter!!
Id kill for a piece of that publishing.
Its snowing at LHG HQ! Is it snowing anywhere else?
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everyone!
I blame
Are you just picking up on that Galileo comment by Perry? He seemed to be backing the climate scientists. For a spell.
via Paradigm Shift Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. -William James
Class till 10, yea its pretty horrible....
Really? Did you really complain about "haters" and then taunt IU fans? BTW, it's not a birthmark. ;o)
: I just used the word "brandwich" on a client call. I love this job.
RT If I could have one super power it would be the ability to literally smack sense into people.
Hi Katie, theres some delays due to weather and alot of orders but id like to look into your order, what's the # u called from?
Yup! That is Portland for ya!
Desperate times call for desperate measures. Just picked up tim tebow as my fantasy football QB.
Damn you, study parties. I never get anything done with 20 people surrounding me.
Gotcha gotcha. Right lol
RT : Awesome Thursday night: with to benefit
: thanks for the mention!
Since when does Sam's Club send foot soldiers door to door to solicit memberships???
I am learning so much, transforming... yet not fully transformed! Nor will I ever be, and that is ok!
hehe thanks, wishing the same for you! ;-)
#ThingsIDontGet 2) How does a friend never return a phone call when every time you see them….they're on the phone.
I need more friends, my girls are always working.
RT You looked good until I clicked 'view more pictures' ......Lol
High energy at our Inn Group meeting this morning. It was noon and the networking was still going strong after 1.5 hours
and let the count down begin.....
hey hey hey buddy! thank you so much for the shoutout :) hope you had a carolinetastic day <3
groooaaaan. Too late!
If any of you are in NY tonight - go check out & performing in Brooklyn!! We wish we were there!
Big show March 10th @ Mr.smalls tickets are $12.
Bought our first house today. Family of 4 on 1 salary. Don't have new cars but kids have parents @ home and we have a home that's ours <3
most, though not all, were probably already dead. IRS revoked their np status en masse for nonfiling.
I'll be riding through my old hood but I'm in the new whip same old attitude but I'm on some new shit
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mothers!
I DEMAND A RE COUNT!
Doing something special for my #mom in a couple hrs,
#warrior instantly went close to the top of my "favorite movies" list.
RT : Carroll on picking Irvin at No. 15: "We're pretty confident right now that he would have gone with the very next pick"
Just woke up..off to the bank
See you at the finish line tomorrow!
I can't stand the heat thoooe.
Thanks to for having us at the Halloween Skate Party tonight! Such a blast!
Just got done lifting weights
Why my job's cool: I get to go to #casesmc, meet/help smart folks, then take ideas to help make better in social. Cycle of win.
so excited to hear!
horror movies start where #dontlebronme ends. #dontlebronme celebrates Halloween Eve.
Good morning Friends! Have a great Wednesday :)
Today's the day! Join us for the Give Pits a Chance event at the Du Burns Arena starting at 1pm.
New topic - Want an OM-D EM5 + 12-50mm kit NOW (April 20) ? NO PROBLEM !
GGOOOO TEBOW!!!!! THAT WAS AMAZING!!!!=D
So much seafood at Satyricon last night - great mixed ceviche but grill was too simple. Great garlic oil tho! Wish I had room for pasta too.
A workspace without wifi is a wonderful thing. I am willing to pay a premium to operate without the net.
I smell burnt marshmallow, dead skunk and oregano. What the what??
i havent gone to bed before 12am this entire week but during spring break last week i couldnt even stay up till 10pm b4 passing out.xD 12:12
...and traded softness RJeff. I hope Spurs will prove you wrong & make you look like an idiot.
Yeah... not happenin. I'm going to have to do some desk squats. :)
Got too many miles, baby that's a repo !
It is not the device it is how the person chooses to uses it # edchat
Thanks for spreading the buzz about
Miss you, lady.
#shoutouttotheguysthat live in san antonio & have the last name mahone, constancio, villanueva, dorsey, stanush, or ball.
#whyamInotinthecicyet As an artist/visual learner, this method of data collectiom thrills me!
you should write lyrics.
My tit hurts okay.
Drive thy business or it will drive thee.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -Henry Ford
Face down. Ass up. That's the way. We like to fuck *whistles* 🎶🎵
Power to the ppl!!! Lol
thank you for following - our brand new website will be up by December 1. Can't wait for a visit to Morton's!
Perfect example of the problem with group-think: "organized" religion!!
Iphone 4S FINALLY IN MY HANDS!!!!!
Do u & Tyler really have beef or were u guys just kidding around??
The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference. Elie Wiesel
Ok, these mice are just getting brazen. Wandering around in broad daylight?? With people nearby?
The weather is simply amazing! How have you been enjoying it?
The playoffs should be fairly interesting this year. (It won't happen, but the Grizzlies got this.)
Looking forward to seeing the beat the Lakers.
It would be more awkward lol RT : If its awkward now? Imagine later on.
Show me the money! JERRY MAGUIRE 1996
You realy have no idea what you tweet about do you. Just like every other republican. Open mouth lies come out.
true. and probably, I just dont know him. lol:)
That's because food is the best thing ever created & I am hungry! oh mah lawd haha xD
It was great to meet you guys! Hope you enjoy the magazines. Lets play golf sometime.
What are you looking for in a electric car
At home so full now!
Who is registered for her fall classes (I think)? This girl. Nothing says "Welcome back!" like Con Law.
I think it's going to around the same time. 3pm. Someone will be calling you with more details.
Thx for the follow! I'm with you on the "awakened starseed". 1993 was when it all when down for me. Opened my "eyes".
right here 😏
Rain rain go away. Come again another day!
Oh yes ha
worst capitalizer ever :P miss the blog, again! Did ya guy miss me?? Lol <3 love you!
If he doesn't hurry -__-
I see dead people......
Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe, a five- time Olympic gold medalist, has announced he is returning to competitive swimming and the Oylmpics.
Make it a great one !!
First Friday Rocks presented by the Memphis & Shelby County Music Commission is this Friday, May 4! Free live, great music!
Part of going on a health kick involves nitpicking about the lesser drugs such as sugar, salt, pepper and pickles.
The #starparty has begun! Can't wait for Chef Mario's courses!
If everyone runs and hides when the peaceful ET's publicly land on Earth, tell the ET's too meet and talk with me, OK.
#BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst calls the Portland Mayor's race for Charlie Hales and
Tuesday is guest revealing day! Put in your guesses!
Super long night super tired goodnight (: made all the money I needed to (:
Gonna try to start and finish all my Christmas shopping in 2 hours. Procrastination at it best!
k after 2 night everybodii gonna be tweeting about you utube videos cuz im sharing everyone i watch!!
Carlos Tortolero says museums are for everyone. They should be a part of the community
that was the most bias broadcasting towards Louisville Ive ever seen.They said scrappy and fighters more than a Rocky movie
What are you needing them for?
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.-Ben Franklin
of our white castles we imported from Kentucky and drank all of our beverages!
you are a joke!!!! Ravens are 8-0 at home, and you haven't seen anything till you've seen #ravennation @ a playoff game
Starting today CANDLES is open more hours: Tues-Fri 10-4 and Sat 1-4. Thank you to all our supporters for helping make this happen!
Excited to be featured marketplace and proud sponsor of Superintendent Scholarship...
Almost forgot how it feels getting a badass leg workout
Kron news San Francisco pot laced cookies found at Morgan hill school for 420 day!
Boulder Coffee is a proud sponser of "City Clean Sweep". May 2nd, 9th & 16th. Take part in giving back to our community and lending a hand.
Supposed to be back in business this week, but not in the cards until at least Thursday.
I should probably get started...
WE CONQUER! RT : My favorite! “: ZOMBIE DUST.”
OUR playing is a direct reflection of "we" are,+who "we" have been influenced by.....mostly!
Lmao ": Why is Mary J on that remix with Chris Brown... its like singing a love song with your mother...."
Thanks! I appreciate it (twice) :). I haven't eaten anything sweet yet, but will soon I am sure!
Hearing suburban American parents yell at their kids is hysterical. "You better behave Chad or you won't be going to family fun night!"
How do I get my comics reviewed by you? a UK native is illustrating the lastest issue of The Stormchasers.
ZIOPHARM Presents Promising Preclinical Pediatric Sarcoma Data with Oral and ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Wrapping up design for a consumer study to test ingredient preferences. I feel sciency.
Thanks so much!!! you too! :)
Sure lol ;P
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter their life by altering their attitude of mind. ~ William James.
Thx on the offer -- but volunteer registration filled up in a week. We do have plenty of cider for you though!
Found a Sympathy card today, unsigned, unsent... crap, someone didn't get the proper condolences that a 2buck card can give... sorry whoever
Your tweets are depressing, please don't make me unfollow
I am doing #track next if I don't home school next year!
Learning & extremely proud at the 4th Annual Engineering Day presentations!
i am so proud of austin! I can't be there, support him always! #mahomies <3
Fuck you blue, i love you <3
is leaving OpTic why?
Outlier criticism aside, NYT story raises important points about lack of info available to prospective college students.
unbelievable! Filter..SMH RT “: I'm so ready to be home. You better have my jump off ready !!”
Ha u r in disney then? Let me know when u see #snowwhite. I have 7 something for her and it rhymes with dwarf.
so glad you weren't really posting bad things about me ;) sorry you were hacked.
yes opening at 3pm....come see me :)
happy mothers day xo
HEY I SAID NO GOOGLE!!! Lol....or are you really this smart? Who's my favorite president?? #somethingucantfindongoogle =)
Hey there, (UNEeducation), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
It's 11:20am, and I'm just setting down to break my fast. I LOVE GETTING WORK DONE.
props to Obama for coming out of the support closet
Are you done with the lousy comments. You're on the wrong team!
<3 thanks it means a lot !(:
The Rock Church
Thank you for all of your great work on behalf of the people of Wisconsin.
we're skyping with right now at east.
Alright I'M LIVE -- this is going to be a nasty one tonight - ZenLive.tv
...Something wicked comes this way...
Haha! We could use a few elves too, send 'em over when their done at your place. http://sassynails.com
I remember last summer I was standing in my ditch by the road and a car almost hit me and the person backed up and yelled at me.
wanna see the avengers..?
To all the mom's in Twitterville and beyond: Happy-Uterus-Evacuation-Day!
We are here at the #Fabulace booth! Come by!
In traffic court. Over 90% of folks here are people of color.
I'm in such a bad mood now. My ear hurts. I'm moody as fuck. I just want to go home and go to sleep. -_-
AGH OMG 1D IS HERE IN TEXAS!!!
thanks for the mention!
OMG!! I can't believe I had forgotten Chilcoot Charlies, great place! Earthquake park was sad, but interesting
Nothing says "I'm not a productive member of society" quite like a grown ass man riding a bike meant for a 10 year old girl.
I think I heard S. use her disertating voice for the first time today
sorry i'm being a bit weird atm probably gonna delete these tweets tomorrow
Got my surgery date. I go under the knife on the 10th of May. 23 days. Yikes!
lmfaooooo yo ass be zooming in on my nose 😂
that is so beautiful... I'm so jealous! Are you a master sailor now?
Were account logins & passwords preserved? I can't login to my account on the new site.
Its on ABC Family right now -
Mixed boys named Isaiah Parker >>> bow
I gt ya nigga ya momma nigga and ya future already so....i guess!!!
Fall is in the air.
you bet ... and I'm steering people your way though they think it's for Culture Club music ;-)
call me
Actually i'm an NBA fan and being realistic..it doesn't take an idiot to understand whats going to happen between those teams "D
(in my opinion) a good band is one that moves its audience both vocally and instrumentally. Nickelback=NO
Raspberry #Zima at best.
I just used one of my "T" tags today. They are so pretty! I wanted to save them but I couldn't resist! Thank you again! :)
Did you know that making me famous creates jobs and supports the economy?
you have to love vegas
RT : Advanced review copy for People With Holes just arrived at my door. :) Excited for release date now in JULY! This is...
Oh how I love coming back to Milwaukee from a track meet during rush hour...not. #thankgodigotarootbeerfloat!
love ya little lady!!
hey man, is everything ok?
... digging up the remains of the actual Three Stooges and animating them would be less offensive. And probably more funny.
Hunger Games Film comes out this Friday!!! Woohooo!! Who's going to the movies?? I know I am! Bringing the Asian crowd Friday ^_^
I'm in building in I'm feelin ma self ! 😝😱
what up hotness...thanks 4 always showing me luv...
So, how was the birthday??!!
Interesting. How do you figure?
F*cked up big time :'(
thanks for ruining the movie. Now I know why it's called Sixteen Candles.
Man, I really need to get an iPhone. I'm very much the un-cool kid :( -Ben
#Mulch Monday! Mulch insulates soil helping to provide a buffer from heat and cold temperatures and retains water keeping the roots moist.
that's the most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to us
We are! Proprietor Justin Abab () is pouring tastes of his favorites from 2-4 pm
#gettinexcited ": Broncos source: Peyton Manning still in Denver. Not at Broncos' headquarters. Elway is at Broncos' headquarters."
thanks, Christie! :-)
After one minicamp, in mix with Matt Flynn, Tarvaris Jackson. RT : Pete Carroll says Russell Wilson will be in competition at QB.
RT : The Beastie Boys changed my life. For real. Prayers going out to the whole family.
thanks luv ya! U need to join Our team add #SCRSCReamTeam to ya bio
has an incredibly active imagination!
When exhibiting at a trade show, make sure your staff has everything they do and may need, like xtra shoes, asprin, sweaters, etc.
Are any Seattle Directioners at the game? Go Huskies!
Michael Bubble performs live @ "Christmas in Rockefeller Center" special on NBC. Airs Wednesday, Nov. 30th at 8PM EST.
We do not share our exact recipes but could answer any general questions that you may have.
Totally can recite #neversaynever from start to finish... watching for the 5th time in 5 days
Panel: Jonathan Band (IP lawyer), Mitch Glazier (RIAA), Catherine Rowland (Copyright Office), Kat Walsh (Bd of Trustees, WikiMedia)
How did the review go?
Thank you, , for the great write up about opening in Chula Vista/Eastlake this week. Swimming lessons begin Monday!
Sometimes I read sweet, cute tweets and wish they were thought of with me in mind.
Craving constant tropical weather. The good kind, not the devistating storms.
Dude, we're okay. We got the
Il n'est pas, you laughing eye, you~~ Laurence Fox doesn't it a *lot.
Save us from what we have become tonight.
he could give me a days worth of money any one of those days.
What do u do about it ? RT : i got the same problem
Oh n one more thing I'm going to start corset training to get a small waist yay so wonderful on so I'm done nite bite n pray b4 beddy
Drum kit samples from "The Heliocentric Worlds of Sun Ra" and Art Ensemble of Chicago "BAP-TIZUM"
Innovelop will be there! Jennifer and Alex are representing!
Why are the females so Vulgar on twitter? They just say all kinds of stuff... Like wow. Have some SELF respect and act like a lady.
god morning well were im at it is morning in the (US) in Florida leaving again Be back in a flash G2G to school HAPPY VALENTINES EVERY 1
hahaha yea my husband.
This is a straight shoot out
Working closing & midday shifts are throwing me off. Not doing a whole lot aside from that.
I'll be back tommorow and the next day cause I'm working
They say things happen in 3's so after dumb ass moves by Rajon Rondo & Amar'e S., who do you have next being an idiot in the playoffs?
idea; cut gummy worms in half, put in bags with BAG OF DICKS sticker on outside. Throw at ppl from stage - EAT A BAG OF DICKS.
haha! I'm giddy over this hilarity
Ready to get tattooed this weekend then its time to stop for a while I got to many
is getting excited about rafting this weekend. It will be Lily's first time (and her friend Isobel's, too).
whoa! Im glad shes doing better
Thanks now I know what metastasized means... I think.
Well said Amare!
Dreamt that I saw ARCADIA (which I'm seeing tonight) but when I got into the room, it was a movie & Paul Newman was in it. /
Tomorrow from 7-7 is Giving Day, where donations $25+ will receive matching funds. We’ll be tweeting more than usual; please bear with us!
Yeah WELL!!
not bad at all
Got to CWRU and found they did not need me to work today. A bit grumbly about but at least I got my day started. Still quite sleepy though.
I beg to differ. So would “: Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you.”
Ryan Braun does not suck.
It ain't about the car. It's about the dude that's up in it!
Excited to have added another crocheter to team attagirl. World domination starts.....now.
I want you to love YOU and it will bring love from others. I promise!
Like the first time all over again, but better
OH ANDD this guy said "i like your pants... can i borrow them" innapropriate #redpantsfriday <333
its more the case now because of the rookie salary cap. Changed everything.
Irish writer Kevin Barry followed by pints of Guinness and table across from Graydon Carter at the Waverly Inn
Giroux suspended for game 5 sorry to say but series is now over.
An average" bird feeder yard is visited on a regular basis by 15-20 bird species. (We're probably double that. You?)"
RACISM IS VERY MUCH SO (((ALIVE))) TODAY!!!!
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act
The first gay president will be one who institutionally levels queers on the same field as hets. U don't have me fooled, Obama.
Lowe's has in-house team of people focused on UX; some of whom may be in attendance this year.
For Tonight! Come celebrate life with #teamtaurus at club 58. Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, fashion and style
follow me please and please give a shout out i need folowers just joined twitter
Let's go...BEARDS! Keep the faith!
Great time this morning at #UMN St. Anthony Falls Lab, learning about solution-driven research by &
gotta consider making a change at this point. he's no longer the pitcher i want in late in the game
Congrats to a great restaurant!
That's good. I'm always paranoid abt leaving stuff in hotel rooms. I do like 30 sweeps before I lock the door.
#WhenIgetBored I watch all of videos :)
Birthday present shopping today for my mama.
yes i plan on it
What's Supervisor Bill Horn up to on Monday? He'll be "water witching" up in Twin Oaks Valley. Odd story coming soon.
#TheLastTimeIChecked a lot of u were wasting money on your companies #shirts, call us 877-244-9913 and put that #dinero back in your pocket
HAPPY MLK DAY TO ALL ! ENJOY BE SAFE AND DREAM TO BE ALL YOU WISH !
Ok now that you done hatin explain to me where that got you...
Thanks (: Justin is so amazing its unbelievable.
#favmoviequote I turn my back and found myself out on the line you coulda warn me but that would have been too kind #dream girls
Seahawks make playoffs with 7-9 record. It's like going to the Academy Awards in a tuxedo and brown shoes.
Just saw Amber Rose getting out of the car smoking. Guess that means she's not pregnant. Right????
Nothin' better than a cup of GRIND coffee!
also, if you have my # still, you can text me. DM's are messed up sometimes.
hahaha you've seen the grumpy tweets? Well right now the sun is shining so all is well!
I'm on da plane, daa plane!!!
Who all is coming? Please bring BOTH precious babes!!!! =)
so wht kinda music yeew like ???
Not receiving e-mail or messages on my Blackberry. Verizon customer service says that RIM is having network issues.
ask what o.O ?
What is the best organization advice you've ever gotten?
Dear 1980's, 1990's and 2000's; the Lions will play the Saints on Saturday in the playoffs. I know right!?
TRANSFORMERS! I remember when me & went & I cried wen Bumblebee was bout 2 die then I cried when the wrong person was dying
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will. - Jarawala Nehru
awe 😱 missed you too !
Bob Marley said 'Rasta don't work for no CIA' Rasta also has no need for credit scores and bank cards, now networks and retirement accounts
If this moment truly matters to you, you will experience it fully.
When need is attached to love, love steps aside.
Liz: "there's only one chromosome diff between us and monkeys"...Raker: "the only real diff is that we can talk..and fur"
Athletes often "push through" pain, but it can be your friend, too. When was the last time u listened to your body & w/ good reason?
Pain and Gain Set Photo with Dwayne Johnson Cooking a Severed Hand
Contact me if you have a Mid-Century home you are thinking about selling or purchasing. Mid Century s are the glamor of California.
Find me Noah's Bagels. Can you try again later? Siri you @$*&@, #($#. Did I deserve that Erin? No Siri, no you did not.
So we've taken a break from writing for the past two weeks. It was a nice little vacation that was much needed but don't worry we are back!
bhahhahahahah that was me on saturday
PINK INFLATABLE BEER PONG TABLES ON OUR SUPER SALE!!!
Don't do it...RT : Still cutting my locks tomorrow.......so ima be running my last 1.3 miles wit my dreads tonight! Smh
there is a #CincodeMayo party at today
so where yu !?
That awkward moment when people think they're funny, but they're just annoying..
Had a fantastic day! Ft.Pickens is so fascinating! I enjoy learning a/b the history of where I live. Cant wait 2 get started on this paper!
Beechmont in New Rochelle tonight and then it's off to Aruba! Spinning at the Moomba Beach Club on Sunday night in Oranjestad, Aruba!
Sleep is always the better choice, in my opinion. No offense to MSNBC.
Getting a new bike! hope its old fashioned! and a new phone! the optimus!
Gonna make my dad watch the moon with me ☺
It really is sick when people use dying children to get celebrities to retweet them >:(
RT : am i allowed to claim that i'm just playing Levels ironically
he's okay.. not as amazing as , and, please stop putting me randomly in these things. Kthanksbye.
wrapping gifts and enjoying a Geary's IPA on the coast of Maine.
I want to had my DE Star badge as well as some others to my blog. Also I'd like to add my info from www.geocaching.com. Help please.
Get to 200 followers? ♥ we follow back, just ask :)
One to many beers. Nodded off and rolled into my own campfire.
Happy birthday !!
Do seem a step above , but then again most dates aren't on TV. Chalk it up to the nerves.
there really isn't a great delivery system for it yet. Delivery is through apps for iphone, and websites have lower dpi.
haha like none since the first season or since the beginning of season 3
WAKE UP LAKERS!!!
Excited for #cubs season to start
sorry to hear that - feel better! show is fab - love the music. If you find yourself in New York any time soon let me know! xx
what time? :)
I don't #facebook so I guess I won't be using
if this diet doesn't work I may have to give a buzz!
Ugh, this fine blonde guy at the cashier is looking at me... /DEAD!
My dog must be a Somali Pirate.. as she likes to 'torture' me waking me up and making me take her out each morning.
#Imagine Austin: I wanna be a superhero! You: M...why not Superman? Ironman? Batman? Austin: Whats about [yourname]'s MAN *smiles*
It's well done. Also the writer was a member of the WRP audience.
Yoo so guys, without checking I accidentally bought the same prom dress as another girl in my school. LMFAO
hey man...he had a pregnant wife...
After HIGH SCHOOL Shit Got Real, Girls Got Pregnant,Niggas Got Locked Up, Some Didnt Graduate, Couples Broke Up,Bestfriends Became Strangers
New floors 😁
I don't need one, I'm going home tomorrow morning & have all the gear back north : )
Happy Birthday !
What! Tell 'em to get with the program! They HAVE to sell Tampico!
Lost a follower
omg its so hard to get a hold of u. ur not on twitter or ur phone and i dont hav fb.. ga
"Find what you LOVE.. if you haven't found it, keep looking & DON'T SETTLE! Have the courage to follow your heart & intuition - Steve Jobs
Took Holiday weekend off from IPA's & switched to growlers of Duchesse de Bourgogne Flemish sour. Good move. Back to Deviant Dale's Ale. Yum
Just kidding my number is 517 914 6754. Text me and say what's up!
i mustve blown my load of amazement over #Tebow, cuz #Linsanity doesnt quite pique my fantasm! i really think its more about NYC!
so you think
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy the beginning of a trilogy!!! check it out NaLee2010.com
“: if a bear tweets in the woods, and nobody reads it...” It's because no one cares who he had for lunch...
People show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they think laughable ... Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
awww i sure do
RT : Need some #UglyMusic? No prob. ,VOE & team up to bring you the ugliest night ever!...
Off the Charlotte for the weekend...
i wish austin.
Hi Terry! My Q: How do you keep the pace? Do you exercise regularly? !!!
even your stick-people are revolutionary!
"Mom it's ok to not wear your hat to take us to school. Bald is your style, & it looks good on you." My 5 yr. old.
: ALL seized Full Tilt #Poker funds, incl. payment processors, should be used to reimburse players
I want to do a music video... videographers go ahead and DM me... lets get the show on the road!
My whole Newsfeed & Dashboard is officially spammed with everything 's #boyfriendvideo . No complaints.
Due to popular demand,we are keeping the stock photo deal up for a little longer.Don't miss a 50% discount on stock photos. empiresteals.com
From Vince (9:10pm): line of hvy rain, lightning W-E along Hwy 50, Kenosha Co., lakefront to Twin Lakes, slowly moving E.
u guys have the funniest little brother. "I whip my hair back & forth"! Watch video on fbook!
Good reasons to calculate #ROI BEFORE attending school. Don't invest without analyzing the returns.
Let's go cuse!
Great to meet you Carla! Awesome #golf energy!!
Ya girl sucked me up from ground zero
Why are you so damn attractive and talented!? Ugh. You just need to make an album now so I can listen to it
I'm feeling the Welcome to my Heart -- I just sent some beats your way --
you just want to see
No one likes you. Just leave.
": , Im sorry - I just cant walk away like that - Because unlike you , My feelings were REAL #monaeTweet"
It aint nothing if it aint free -janis joplin
yeah just got a request for an Incomplete AFTER the class is over.
Choice Hotels Promotes Stephanie Lykins to Vice President, Talent Development - MarketWatch (press release)
What someone doesn’t see in you, another person will. What someone doesn’t do for you, another person will.
I ate a sandwhich and drank some water. I feel better now. My throat still hurts really bad.
Don't u luv dat moment when u c ur cell ringing n it's an xbf it's like lets flip a coin heads I answer tails I don't... DANG IT!!! "hello?"
the hell you asking me for?
RT : Attention Scrabblers: a TOON is a large australian/ Indian tree of the mahogany family. (#challengefail)
Did you read _Daemon_ and _Freedom_ by Daniel Suarez?
It was such a wonderful day! So nice to meet everyone!
June 15th The Crocodile Rock w/ Nocturnal Me tickets $10 July 10th The Chane w/Kid Blaze tickets $7
I'm debating on partaking in the #castle scavenger hunt on 3/9
Yeah, isn't it? Glad you liked that one.
“You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.” Ruth E. Renkl
fun! We miss you
Hadn't seen these pics. Thanks
👍no problema! That's what friends are for!😊
Happy Easter!
Because waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing. - Cinderella Story ♥
And they definitely need some space to run!
I just wish they'd make a good "team sports teach you about life" doc about a girls/women sports team. It applies to all athletes, you know!
Romney should have gone to central casting for a more enthusiastic group of background actors.
Proud of who you raised up. You know that I will always be here till' the end.
Check out Health Literacy Forward's Spring Newsletter. Is your org #healthliterate? Want to join in our #healthliteracy challenge?
outside chillen wit my pup.. cnt get us to him cuz I gotta give me away...
This happened to the word "content" a few years ago- I'm seeing "crowd sourced" pop up like the media just learned what it means.
4 more months until my birthday! :)
Holy shit, she does look like a carbon copy of Anna Nicole!!!
The Colorado Rockies Home Opener happens in just two days! Who's pumped?
just remembered when we're on stage dancing to that Mexican garbage at prom. #priceless. (;
Should I fuck your life up worse then what is already is? I think everyone needs YEARS away from you..
Survived #crazylegs and had my best run so far this spring!
:) can't wait to hear more about it.
I'm so sick of turning on at 10:30am to a 9 minute electro dance mix. it's not funky, it's annoying. Changing stations.
Thanks to for reminding me that I have class tomorrow. What would I do without my #friends?
Yup- I finally applied ;)
Staying on the phone with him all night <3
Sounds like Bing hired one of the co-founders of Cuil, which was a "cool," but poorly marketed, concept of former Googlites .
I don't listen to party hard nearly enough anymore
Thank you, Lisa!
Were doing great!! we were hoping you could make it to LA this summer
Question All! What do you think of the name Craigery Shamus Linz?
Happy June! Sunny and 80 degrees in Madison today!
I am -.- (Asian happy face)
mine too, i just sync certain playlists at a time though to keep from having to delete anything.
Why did give our plane up for another flight leaving me with a 4-5 delay in #ATL? This is going to be a late night :( --- not happy!
You have to put in many, many, many small efforts that no-one sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
RT : "This book was expertly written; the flow precise and the characters genuine." TY to for COMMITTED review =>...
": BIG Shoutout To My New FRIENDS o" 4sho I follow back)
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!👌
how about No Diggity?
oh okay cool(: & he just did it... wow! I think it costs to Skype with him now, idek how your supposed to do it? ._.
cutting out grains eating carbs from fruits and veggies.
The poorest man is he, who's only wealth is money... <3
Call me crazy.
can we expect a comeback from you this season?
but the "moody" one was? Ok.
Wow - it's like you live here in LA. Yeesh.
- Met with the design team about e-Learning and Rapid Course. Had a great visit...everyone was SO nice! Thanks!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.15
Mad Men is back!
Excellent. Couldn't agree more! Thanks again for spreading messages of hope to LGBTQ youth
im too cute for ur background ahaha
First day I could have slept in, but all I want to do is sit on my back porch and enjoy some coffee and God's word.
Katharine mcphee you are so gorgeous.
ah the 405...and at this time of day
See you there. Looking forward to seeing Eric Schmidt talk
College students and alcohol really don't mix...especially in Lexington. What a stain on their teams victory.
The real history is that the "government" put too many taxes on stuff colony bought. It was true then and it's true now.
haha, awesome Ryan.. looking forward to it
People picked up one dollar bills on the floor at Supperclub like its Christmas. My question is whether that $3 is worth the self respect.
Hahahaha I think we counted 87 that one trip to PA
I saw a couple of kids having trouble making friends today and I invited them to hang out with us & I'm happy I stole a smile from them <3
rasberry milkshakes are the best! :D <3
Just know..I always keep my word..& I have nothing but time ;)
Goodwill Give to Get drive was a success this past Sat! Thanks for the amazing coverage. Thanks for the RT. & Thx #CLE!
Hey, that's exciting news! (Was offline all morning, forgive me for just getting caught up.) Congratulations!
OMG, uh-may-zing
RT :Entitlement means different things to different people. Its important to differentiate when its positive/negative
This team is not a team that keeps repeating its terrible mistakes. When something is broken, they fix it and come back stronger.
are you sleeping??? we are all here waiting for the clip!!! wake up and join us!!
Any #tpedge members in town now? Let us know. We are hanging tonight.
County Supervisor Ron Roberts says he's waiting to see more numbers before he gets euphoric, but is feeling 'guardedly confident.'
Thanks for the follow!! Happy Thursday =)
Never met you but based on ur profile pic why would u want to look that unattractive??
thanks for the follow Mike!
Submitted crime/drama screenplay to Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting. Many thanks to Nicholl,
Hi! I see that your a Jackass fan! That's cool so am I. Who's your favourite?
good morning have a blessed day mwah
Did you have a chance to see the show yet?
Howdy tweeps Letting my good buddy take my account4 a spin.He'll put ML: in front of his tweets.Can U pls give him a hello?
Nah not yet Mon I'll hit you up with a link once I find it
YUP, He's officially the cutest ever.
Thanks for the RT & getting the word out about our job opening.
Got more reps reaching for the hand sanitizer than anything else at the gym.
Tomorrow is the official opening of Revere and our 24 story Vertical Fashion Show! Winners announced today!
I'm like so serious, please come visit me :(
WANT #i'veonlymadebibimbap
Me either 😢
psst...getting a 500 error when trying to load yr website.
that's crazy
OMG seriously!! She seriously blew me away! So good, and no gimmicks! P.s. miss you!
Dont know if i shuld be sad or glad to move back to NC
First day as a grandfather and feeling a great sense of accomplishment, though I did absolutely nothing.
#Ignite-#1 objective for CMOs-generate more leads-are leads qualified and nurtured?
Always feel pumped up after listening to Obama. Love that guy and his tough talkin!
Thank you for the RT, Jane. Have a great weekend!
Our pizza is made with REAL cheese not chemical cheese. Eat it and feel good!
have so much left to
There is an element of magic in all supremacy; anything done supremely well seems to be the result of magic. --S.H.Sharpe
Is Happy Gilmore one of your favorite films of all time? That is not a snide slam with a q mark.
Guys, when she's upset, she's standing on a thin line between giving up and seeing how much more she can take. Hug her!
#NP - I Love You by the Eli Young Band <3
OMG justin Lol
": I told blaine not to do that.." Blaine, please don't blame your creepy actions on demons. Thanks.
We need an intern. Any takers? You can work from home and we'll pay you in Twitter followers.
Is your New Year's Resolution to use the library more? Maybe you want to explore some of our special collection or attend a program.
Guys I think I'm gonna give up my dreams. No Singing or Dancing or Modeling quitting all of it and living simple.
I have been bumming out of state.
#superartfight Bacon wins every time.
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety,
My life is like a terrible sitcom.
Spending the afternoon putting together the Spring S&C workouts 4 the MBB returners, they r gonna LOVE the results! This is MY PASSION!!!
I had no idea the protests were still happening! Where in #SF is this?
The Lady #Gators take on #FresnoState tonight at 6:30pm in a non-confernce match up. I'll be living tweeting from the game.
what just happened?
music to our ears. We're looking forward to seeing you!
Did you see the lineup? It's not just 4 bands!
:( I Hate this.
Making Progress Against Clutter - New York Times (blog)
Aw. Stop it! You made me blush! ;"). You and Nanda are true blessings in my life as well. :D. #ILOVEYOUSOMUCHMORE!!! <3 <3
It's a nice day haha :-)
Go see Jeff Who Lives at Home by the Duplass bros. Engaging. Heart warming. Beautiful. Absolutely loved it! In theaters this Spring.
DEAL! facials & massage... do we get a pedi too? i forget!!
lol. i'm gonna be late 2 school
haha I'm tryna play some competitive shit though.
"@ FCBarcelona_es: Xavi, Piqué and Guardiola will participate in the conference presentation of the game against Manchester U.
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 8.
I do :] I just can't wait to meet Dolche, Curtis, and any other pets they choose to adopt! I haven't met them yet :[
I can see that. I'm very jelly!
all I've got to say is wow bro ;) haha
Blake Griffin. Great dunker. Average defender. Mediocre shooter. King exaggerator. I'll take K Love all day, everyday.
Wow, Shawna, that's awesome. Way to go, Ms. Celebrity! :)
U never a product of ur environment
yea we gon win
"and i can put it in my mouth!"
#40Days !!! :D Dude I can't even explain how excited I am for this album!! <333
Have you entered to win? Click www.facebook.com/visitAlbuquerque and 'Like'.
But the Brewer injuries should be fine by opening day except for Grienke who may miss 3-4 stats. Nothing that spells doom.
Quality > Quantity.
#ThingsIGetAlot " you're a lot shorter than I thought."
it is not likely that a single university has its own investment function. most likely outsourced or allocated (perhaps to npf)
The door is open for Bubba Watson!!!!
is ready for some Bears FOOTBALL! I imagine just about everyone will be watching this game, right?
When I regenerate from this 9 mile run I just did I'm coming to see you
um no one haha
On a whim, I started reading Peter Drucker's "Adventures of a Bystander." Both charming and fascinating.
yep! I have a secret complicated number that means something awesome is happening. Once again, it was right.
I can't disagree. 90% he will be back with NJD.
I'm all booked up (jen) but I'll pass this on to Charlie!
hypnosis? yeah... fuck that...
Universe contains 3 things that cannot be destroyed; Being, Awareness & LOVE
One of the most difficult things to give away is kindness; it usually comes back to you. -Anonymous
I figured you would try.
I hope you can put up with my B.S. unlike other people. -- Samantha Weaver ()
game day yahoo
Awesome! Please email w/your contact info. We'll contact you in the coming weeks =)
MacBarbie07 i totally love your spring dresses video and im ready to start that high-low hemline trend. Its soo cute! Thx for inspiration (:
OMG WHAT IF ALL OF US HAD A FRECKLE ON OUR LEFT BOOB
just ate dinner
So the avacado egg hair mask went well it made my hair all shiny and helped repair the deadness lol and it made it soft <3 yay
Thanks for the recommendation of 'The Goal'. Finished it and halfway through 'It's Not Luck'.
Thanks Brien!!! God was Glorified! >>": SANG and ! #bobbyjonesgospel"
Happy birth-day to - Brandon Uttley's new shop. I'm sure it will be a huge success.
Tweet " #TripleDslaughterHouse " NOW
yeh, the big guy just said he wanted to focus on baseball right now, but I'm here to pass along any tweets u guys have!!
Downloaded twitterfon for my ipod touch to tweet between ncph sessions. Looking forward to tomorrow :-)
How did they win? Who had the walk off?
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
You know the area & fr/ a strictly biz standpoint, don't u think Tebow brings in fans to Jax from a 1/2 a days drive on in?
school tomorrow. le cry :c
My manager called and asked me if I could come into work tonight to clean because I'm good at it, like a woman should be.
Survival is a must
Getting toasted
It was an awesome night. We just left...Sorry to miss you!
Club Avalon..West Hollywood.
Right?! Wonka definitely disappointed me.
and apparently that was a foul on iggy
keep us posted. No power and just heard a loud noise that sounded like a crash or explosion.
ha! Maybe that's a USA-speak thing - meant nicely!
#followme and ill follow you !!!! :)
Watched little kids with Shelby Aubrey and Andrea
Busy day
u wanna come back to #saintlouis?
Case worker: #Kidsofinmates are in communities where "people don’t believe in the system and that they can do better."
there you know just out work:(
CJ!!!!!!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL bring it home to mama!
I always make a list of things in my head that I need to do when I get home from school and I NEVER do them.
This chick has a yellow Mustang with a license plate that says "PIKACHU" and a cute little picture of pikachu on the car ^-^
sure thing! They are all in a muddle so I'll need to look though them to find the one you want! <3
thank ya little bro. Congrats on the no hitter
um, wow, that is sad. Harry Reid? 4%!!? Assumedly, that's more than one person, too! Arrrrrrgggghhhhh.
YOU FOUND IT?!
Spending some time with my #ukulele after Hunger Games tonight!!
Chilling w/ baby & this good steak he just fix me..
First time in the booth with Girly is a PROBLEM!
Short sleeve or long sleeve? Decisions, decisions.
that guy didn't stand a chance.
a day after coming home from Vegas and I'm ready to book flights to go back next month!!!
I'm on! Wait, on what? o.o
Getting ready to go to work for like 20 hours. ;;
He will realizes that he was wrong and he will be sorry one day ..
hey, whats up?
Yoga is addicting. I think as practitioners, we're are all closet perfectionists.
sounds like a #keeper RT A person I don't know whose favorite sport is "water bed sex" just sent me a fbook friend request
ONE CRITICAL DAY is all you need to turn any 'what if' in your life into what IS. ~ Jim Rohn
It's being called "Bounty-gate" We're talking about the punishment for #New #Orleans coach #Sean #Payton on the
Can you blame them?
Music is what keeps me sane.
Just walk by me like you don't know me
that's awesome. Maybe if media left the non talker alone he would beg to talk!?
hey :D
Three more Atlanta High School team workouts in the books. The focus tonight: Using your footwork to make an easier pass.
The house being built on Schroeder looks good
Maria looks so pretty today<3
Chung shows pie chart of 10 different ways that people discover books one way, also deps on type of bk/reader
It ain't real to me, therefore it doesn't exist! Famoosh . Son of a bi***!
I Should Be Sleeping But ,, I Cant!!! Oovoo?
okay. I was working a bit of a different angle, but I'll get behind that ;)
thanks! Yeah it pretty much sucks lol oh well thank goodness for my DVR ;)
#WhatAWomanNeeds I don't know I'm not a woman I'm a girl
Looking for the next subject for my outdoor living column in Know any stylish people with a great #outdoor space? Hit me up.
any chance that you might post it online?
In due time the grass will be green! Great to see the snow mostly gone now.
No time, no support from the team, can't go to as many games this year due to travel, etc. :-(
nothing like an 8 mile run to clear the head... getting the mileage up
Happy Mother's Day I'm sure I missing people but have a beautiful day ladies!
Romo must put up a solid performance tonight to shut up the people that consider him a choker. Jessica's gone so what's the problem?
#HighMoneyTheMixtape: #Nowplaying- Do It Big Feat. Rocky Duh
If our public school systems had just continued teaching us everything in song, the state of the world would be much more tolerable.
Cat: Meow … Me: Meow? … Cat: Meow meow … Me: Oh my lord. I speak cat.
April is #NationalCarCareMonth, and a great time to get your car road trip ready! Check with the Car Care Council online for April Mainte...
Great ceremony for former Fire great C.J. Brown. Good introduction and personal video tribute.
Thanks, Wally. We really should plan to get together sometime. I think we were both fortunate to have such fathers.
Thanks everyone for the great conversations at #NAMM - new partnerships, more business, & a great 2012 ahead for
NEVER MIND LAST POST!! CLUB KNOXX IT'S STILL GOING DOWN TONIGHT DOORS OPEN AT 9 FREE BEFORE 10 $5 AFTER 3639 COLONIAL AVE DALLAS TX 75215
gonna chill with my boyfriends little brother later :)
Casting immediately a new major cable network show! Do you know anyone in a #bad relationship?
did you vote for Santo out of curiousity?
ha no it just something I was thinking about
HAHA your in good hands me and ari are guna take care of it
Smiled for 10 seconds then realized i'm a browns fan.
RT Just finished Now which manager to lend it to first; Marketing or IT? // As an author I say - buy one for both.
Congratulations to on a successful 2012 Minority Health Conference with a record breaking attendance
Blushing! TYVM! RT RT Isn't just wonderful? An inspiration to say the least! > Most definitely!
LAST CHANCE for student #tickets on Sunday, Feb 26 from 5-6pm in the ICC Galleria!
Thank you, my dear
have to say goodbye to Prince.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. ~ Lao Tzu
it's a long season, only 2 gms the baseball season is a marathon not a sprint
aw!! Future journalist? Lol talk show host? She's got the gift of gab :)
DM'd you my email address. Look forward to hearing from you.
Good morning! Time for some Almond Joy Coffee!
I doubt that someone like zendaya and bella
It was pleasure getting to know you this past week. Thankyou for coming to play in The Battle of FloridaAll Star Game.All the best
i love that kinda feedback. I love the fans.
Nails, Eyebrows, Hair, Makeup.. Pageant!.
I just got really really really reallllllllyyyyy hungry!
Nash leads NBA in asts leading to FG at the rim (4.6 per gm) - the 6th straight season he leads in that category. #suns (h/t )
finished my homework class at 130..
Secret Revealed Soon!
Get your HOT loose leaf tea at any ! Also, try our made to order Belgium waffles down at Newbury.
i love the cover Austin did of "On My Mind" <3 -raquel
Also, no idea how to make coffee with it. I've always just used my espresso maker.
u not the only one nigga
You always carry headshots with you to all of your auditions, right? Tell me you do. Right!
There's something wrong with me
I know there is a 1 in 7738373377388349 chance that you will follow me but I you see this please follow me :(
doubly sad frown face
": That sound break sounded like church for a minute. #ImJusSayin!!! #TheGrammys"
hes an ok singer. Awesome dancerr
Traverse City Attractions: Northern Michigan Summer Vacation Ideas: Traverse City Attractions: Just in time for summer, National Geog...
If you wanna fly you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down.
What type of baseball-themed specials would YOU like to see?!
What can we say, we <3
i don't care..
Just gonna cry myself to sleep then.
Awesome ! Just saw the news that will produce another "30 for 30" series. Own the original box set and can't wait for new ones.
Phil Collins voice is perfect. I can workout to it, sleep to it, study to it, procrastinate to it, jam to it, party to it
RT : RT What would you / actually say / if you weren't concerned / about who / might hear you?
#FF Nonprofit love!
": shouldnt the address be south Hoyne instead of west" I know I need to change that thanks
I'm lyin
What the hell happened during our evolution that caused men to lose hair on their head but grow it on their ass?
when are you coming to Vegas... haha
For the love of god give me a cigarette, the elevator is broken and Iive on the 5th floor
I threw my phone at the ground and it Bounced & hit the wall. I think it broke.
what's a 1046?
You gave me a feeling i don't ever wanna forget.
Advice from me: spaces matter. :) Should have been Apologies to Probably not the first time that's happened?
Got pretty good footage of Kirsten Dunst and Garrett Hedlund leaving
not enough room in my tummy- maybe tomorrow? Love me my #
What's the best of the best on the specials menu today?
watch for #youthprivacy tweets (Thurs-Fri) from the likes of
What was 's reaction?
The feeling you get after an amazing workout
#Ibiza Saturday 21+ FREE ALL NIGHT! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Born to be somebody - Who says - Give me everything tonight - That should be me - All Day -Tonight I'm loving you - Who run the world girl♥
I know J Hud is more Whitney-ish, but I would have liked to see Dolly out there doing that.
Priceless moment during Web conference: Participant's cat decided to clean himself thoroughly right behind her. Couldn't stop snickering!
#SayNoToDirectionators THEY'RE LIKE DRUGS... STAY AWAY
YAY!!!! Im glad!! Love you more boo!! :)) I really hope we have a class next yr, if we don't i think i might faint!! :/
“: what's up Emily? Hope all is well. Congrats on Blitz! Wishing you all the best. See you soon” thanks Jason!
Fancy new dashboard charts on the way.
OMG it so fun in my house right now er1 is showcasing music... :)
Congrats to and good luck at the frozen four in Tampa. Highlights tonight on KSTP-TV at 10pm and on Sportswrap following.
wft why cant they just say there is meat in the fucking soup?! i just wasted-down to my last penny- all my $ on food i can eat
Appreciate you spreading the word!
beautiful day, packing can be put off another day... headed to the beach
iPhone users... What navigation system do u guys use?
excited about seeing my son's face when he opens his gifts...it's always PRICELESS!
Second time in 2 days that Joe Calve has hailed UK law firm Mishcon de Reya. Goal of firm - get firm ready to sell to a private equity firm
babe where are you?
If you're coming to either #Milwaukee St. Patrick's Day parade today, remember to bring food for !
#80-Jared Allen-DE-Minnesota Vikings
im only calln my sisters n grannies its too many others n im noot fenna sit on the phone fakin enthusiasm
hey jeremy. great sound :) i like it!
Lmao I love it! ": something nasty"
First day at my new job!
okay im down for a LA get away; who's down.?
hey, thanks for the ff!
thanks for the RT via ... Have a great weekend! :)
Thanks Roger!
Theory: since Obama spouted same stupid history about #RutherfordBHayes as Reagan, said stupid stuff is now profound
UN officials MUST need eyeglasses since none (or reported) noticed rockets at their Gaza schoolsYet they all suddenly see IDF
4life i said he need to do that video shit go hard but real S/O Pill4180.4 Life yall check that video out
listening to the stone roses' remastered debut. top 10 debut album ever? could be.
Happy Birthday, Jesus! :)
good one. It took me a few seconds, but I get it now.
it had to be said, lol! I'm actually dreading running in the heat
u gotta have kentucky taking it
I've got one DISH Network Tailgater left! RVers rejoice! Call New Mexico Satellite Man at 350-6428 and buy it.
That would suck
Jason Aldean deserves entertainer of the year. Sorry Taylor
The Hair of the Belly special is sold out! Open til 4pm, then back for late night 11pm-3am
You're welcome, dear. Yes, it's my mom. :-))
Im done with it all. There was nothing to be mad over. I want to go back to being antisocial and never having to talk.
Who wants to ride to the gas station with me I hate pumping my own gas lbvs
I would. Truly. But it'll just get changed back, and the editor may think I just didn't know the rule.
I'm tired but I'm going to #hazelhill for a haystack. That's the ticket.
who is Brii ?
aw thank god haha almost had a massive argument with the mom there! You excited for your birthday yeah? X
bought out Madison Church Supply's charcoal supply
Yes! Lol RT : Dear Lord, I want to thank you for cows and charcoal grills.
that is the truth they will keep your business to themselves of they're your true friend
Scatttta as if I had a clutch on a magnum
dude...then how the hell do you tolerate following me..?
it didn't ruin my life but I could have been doing other things
Simpsonizers/Angels we need to #SoListen #1 on ! RT so we can get it #1!
Omg I swear everything One Direction says is royalty!
Random fact #2 is his inspiration!
Hey u ain't my mom!:p
what movies should I watch to prepare for my trip to paris?
Why do I keep spending my money on games that end up being a massive disappointment?
Our mental and emotional diets determine our energy level. Every thought and feeling, no matter how small, impacts our inner energy.
as thankyou I love yours too! So gorgeous!
my new life goal is to work for a professional sports organization ( , , , ) no vikes though
My daughter just called me from school crying because she miss me I feel bad I told her u see her n two hours. I love my spoil daughter
Get it Marlo!
Thanks for RT!
Sessignon world make Luka relief, and he would be fresher now.
is a magician with that rock mane!!!
I think God just said
Well I think it does! Your favorite color?
do you think the #pens will find some goaltending this series?
1984 as moment when wp's are expensive but making their way down tech chain, also media-metonymic here for portal to alt world
Went on a few dates with a girl named Pam. Didn’t stick.
Cab... Naw we're taking a limo.
let's go spend it somewhere!!!
RT : "it's never too late to begin."
Thrilled to have 100 followers. Thanks for being #100!
An average of four people a year are killed by falling vending machines
Just confirmed two more judges for the Bruin Video Contest - Chelsea Calkins '12 and Cedric Dicker '04!
always and forever :)))
Omg I seriously love the new show Betty whites off their rockers. Funniest thing ever
I hate when people say, "You're too sensitive." Hey, jackass, the truth is you're too DISRESPECTFUL! Word.
Never ask the fucking OBVIOUS if you don't want to get a smart response from me.
How about UK-Ohio State in Louisville & Cincinnati?
Sitting here at the squad
GUYSS! ="( I GOT HACKEDD SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!! PLEASE?!?!??!
praying 4 your grandparents sending all my love
I love The River SDSU peeps!!! God is awesome n wants you to experience His goodness!!! EMPOWERED!!!
but I'm just as excited for the show, as soon as I saw the commercial I was like DUDE!! lmao
Of course :) RT : Follow Back?:)
You flatter, even if mostly untrue ;) Had a blast.
are the Colts looking defense or offense at the top of 3, WR,RB,CB??
Who wants to accompany me on a run in this magnificent weather?
I'm ready for my bday I need to kick it
We will be back ..!
Nerd rap: Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch.
Goalpost saves are also saves?
Out in dc for the night and where are we going? A buffalo bills bar. It's like I never left home ha
Cooking channel has wonderful events for quick and easy dishes. ******* Emeril
follow back? (:
I will rip your heart out.
We'll be there, rain or shine! And btw, I wish you'd bring back the U.S. Open. Loved that pizza.
WWC is hiring a new Outreach and Membership Coordinator!
real good first cousin. How's everything?
At Evanston Ethnic Arts Festival. Great food and music... And I got some great fair-trade batik clothing!
Singing "Mamas don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys"
can't wait!
Awesome #Northwestern young event for Mardi Gras in Dallas tonight. Go 'Cats!
I can't yell because of my throat today. Probably for the best.
I wish i was his first love <3 cause hes definetly mine!!!!!
That voice sounds firmiliar
Grads: Tho it's vital to find a good employer, it's equally vital to find good coworkers, i.e. ones that date kettle corn vendors.
Veterans: "we are not victims, we are not broken, and were a long way from being over it."
I'm surprised you were able to get Gilmour and Waters into the same bed... :p (sorry guys, couldn't resist an opening like that)
:) hahaha! glad you enjoy...truth really is stranger than fiction...
Fa La La is amazing <3 It's my favorite song! My mom bought herself her own album! She's a Belieber now :D #2DAYS !
hi evan. Just letting you know, though I'm a pats fan, the ravens deserved to win and played much better than the pats.
Is it weird that my curly hair is jealous of #HowardStern's curly hair?
I don't like you anymore. Bo
Haha, that was funny
with desii , on her ipod .
Can't you come up with your own tweets or are you just too stupid.
boo frog tonight at plan b bar PDX
Cause in a crowded room I'd be the only one he sees
the only salvation i find is in words and music.
Psyched. Just changed my seat for return for flt home from #ALC12 to row 22 window from row 30 middle. Only 2 seats open now, both middle.
NO OMG. LUCKY! I WAS GONNA BUT THE MEET AND GREET THINGY BUT I HAD NO ONE TO GO WITH </3
Spent a few hours connecting people this morning. I hope they work out well!
Tomorrow will be my first day off without a show to worry about in a long time
been a ginger my whole life. Red is fire in bed.
Daily morning jam session (':
no your not your just sayin that cause i be bitching at you for it!! please go to school for a better
String quartet done... took longer than I expected but really pleased with how it turned out.
Thanks for the follow have a great Friday!
i know and now his poop will be on the internet lmao
Bar dice.
sadly I don't think so..I'll be there some time in mid December! We really need to work on our collaboration!
$ I Thnk i just invented Twitter Yoga! $$$ And Five and a half hour twitter energy drink!!! Million dollars Mill more. YESS!
Ol' Roy says it was a flop.
For I know the plans I have for u,"declares the LORD,"plans to prosper u & not to harm u, plans to give u hope & a future. - Jeremiah 29:11
Let's go #Hawks!
quote of the night "Why do you think I'm so wet right now?!"
Protect the QB..,protect the QB...
Thanks for the follow!
