stuck in a closet. R. KELLY.
couldn't agree with you more. Editing is fundamental to the creative process.
I'm in a wedding on the 7th! No go for me ladies :(
It was our pleasure!
Anyone here loves 1D? Follow me :)
People have been saying "You only live once" for years, it is not an excuse to do horrible things...
Only in Rally service do u see a guy with a leaf blower, dusting out the van. Lmao.
#cnndialogues #poverty : born into generational poverty. Our country teaches poverty is your problem u created,not situational.
thanks for joining the webcast and excited to work with you on
Before seeing Lang Lang's spectacular performance at the Mesa Arts Center, why not grab a quick lunch at the Orange Iguana?
Please help us find a drummer! Offering free studio time in exchange for solid leads!!
I have too many fantasies to be a housewife. I guess I am a fantasy.
"In 1999, what was the notional amount of contracts traded?" - asked by nobody ever playing Trivial Pursuit
My 2cnd period was fun I was put to do in experiment, and the kid was feeling awkward, did not know what was going on!
Kobe's flu game > Your favorite player on performance enhancers
Honey bucket truck with a trail of tp stringing down the road makes me laugh.
So excited! is jetting off to Miami for some colorful inspiration tomorrow! Look for pictures this week!
Met someone over the weekend who has a verified Twitter account. That impresses me.
Hahaha!!! I swear this bitch should b a comedian
IM FREE
In other news, puppy seems to have wedged a jujube into her paw... Don't think we've had any in the house in years.
So sad to see people you love go down a path of self destruction. Heartbreaking to say the absolute least.
And it's now officially the most boring season of #survivor ever
Say Ye, say Ye, don't we do this every day-day?
Good job today girl!! Love you!
How far UCLA basketball has fallen: no intensity, half-empty arena, getting badly outplayed by Middle Tennessee....Wooden would be pissed.
Great Stuff by on the way next. Future of a college football playoff. NWST right now! KONG 6/16 at 11pm.
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30. We have laptop gaming, we have have Wii gaming, join us for some afternoon R & R!
Shoutout my new follower
I was overcharged $100 on my cable bill. I already have HSI when I ordered cable and they billed me for installing HSI again
Caleb: You're a pushover Me: AM NOT!!!!!! Caleb: Don't argue Me: Okay... oh wait, SHOOT
I am officially done with school for the week! This is going to be a busy weekend though.
Eric Carvajal crushing it in forum @ Agent Reboot
Denied preferred boarding on 2026 this morning despite zone 1. It's like y'all try to find a new way to make me angry every trip
The state of Wisconsin would like to thank that courier who failed to do his job.
Atlanta, GA- Need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 250 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
we lost you in Phoenix on KFYI am 550
I'm a serial monogamist when it comes to reading. Otherwize Ze Brain, ze gets confuzed.
because you are amazing can you send some live to She left for nj last night for a family emergency. Please?
i love ur body sexy legs cute lip
Oklahoma City goal by Chris VandeVelde at 1:08 into overtime.
Lolz ok gotcha
I'll be on the news this Friday giving an interview for SRO. 9:45am on Q13!
After last week's stellar episode, I'm ready to
Back home from the VCU clinic... Coach Smarts practice was unforgettable. It will be raining 3's at VCU. can't wait to c them on game day
This guys glasses looks like there to small for his face lol
wow and black people used to be slaves lmaooooo i come from a white family...
welcome back!
Things are pretty crazy right now! Good luck with everything!
I have to say oreilly absolutely gets how do ebooks. DRM free, perpetual access, multi-format, frequent sales and lots of my money ;)
Reading a history of Napa Valley inspired me to buy a bottle of Mondavi merlot (which I never do). Now I know why I never do.
Late reply sorry! But I don't have a tumblr! I need to invest in one though... Caitlin xx
Suck it and fuck it y'all.
My wife from the other room during Barnbaum. "Ugh, brutal." Hilarious!
Your supervisor rocks! Awesome gift :)
Absolutely! Want to set up a lunch, or come into the office to meet with and myself?
Anyone hearing of anything new?
Fact: a rat can live longer without water than a camel can
Spent all year working on SJ Jazz Fest and now its come and gone. Check updated calendar and SJ Jazz Gallery at www.misterlatinjazz.com
hope you had your tape line on point! Thanks for the FB post mane
SO annoying when people text you wanting to know when the basketball games are tonight!! #Really has no one ever heard of #ESPN or
Every catastrophe? Let's hope that doesn't include the TSA strip search.
Watching abduction(:
Do you guys want us to live tweet the #NFLDraft or would that be way too annoying??
There is gonna be a mob wives of Chicago can't wait!
Midland pitcher W/ a good looking 95MPH fastball
What's the best insider Chicago shopping destination for luxury home goods? #chicago #interior design
matt WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPEND OMG I LOOKED OVER AND YOU DISCONNECTED :((((
Pac man will win only to make a money fight for Floyd Mayweather
Helping a cougar out
New Hampshire Receives ECS Frank Newman Award for State Innovation
Her eyes were like bluepools forbidden as if they were where the goddesses bathe in some ancient land double elixirs of tawdriness I swim in
Cause i said so lol -TheGeneral has spoken
This is the hardest of all to close the open hand out of love, and keep modest as a giver.
race riots in Tulsa & Rosewood by white nativists against blacks: violence, looting, burning & destruction of homes; media covers up issue.
I just put a few because that's what the packet said haha
what i think during school: i KNEW i shouldnt have gotten out of bed
Knock KnockWho's there !Anne Boleyn !Anne Boleyn who ?Anne Boleyn alley !
Powerful! "I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not. " - Kurt Cobain
no worries :3 I always insult people, except you lol jk
Great shot of jumping out of his seat when Staal's OT winner lit the lamp
Damn bro, those are some fresh crocs!
Love my SFO hotel, Argonaut, at Fisherman's Wharf. Thank you
"I don't know why everyone calls me a hipster." "I knew about them before they were big." Two sentences I heard from today.
Can i just be happy for once?
I can't believe the amount of BS I just heard. This is seriously ridiculous!
School's coffee really is crap. Do I care? Nope.
Thank you Rachell, I'm thrilled you enjoyed the session.
I like a boy..
Friends of Carlyle House Annual Garden Day Herb & Craft Sale, 8am-4pm. 4/21. 121 N. Fairfax St in
Shoot can I come now? Tomorrow is a problem unless at 11 or Noon
Your not even in this solar system.
YES #perfectday in LA :) ENJOY! - 80 degrees sitting poolside in January?! ... I love LA weather!
is super busy at work this week. Aaargh. Hopefully time to catch Watchmen with the bf tonight.
Our church usually doesn't acknowledge non-churchy holidays. Except Veteran's Day.
measurements not just about numbers. Numbers tell a story
Happy Mothers Day
Those who are rich and troubles are few may come around and see my point of view.
Besides Animal Hoarders....that doesn't count.
Hello Baseball!! Want the secrets to stealing more bases? Get them from the experts @ coachmikeroberts.com
Category 3. D;
Marketing is about #stealing the crowd's #attention and then keeping it.
#DWTS judges, you're so biased- how about sending #Roshon home finally? The fans agree- it's time for him to go.
Polar baby! MT : Aurora likely pregnant. Maggie Brooks says this is the world's first artificial fertility process.
I'll definitely let you know ;-) and thanks for the support.
Outlining saves a whole lotta rewriting.
let me know, and I are working around the clock. Right now I'm getting on the last Bart home :)
Saw The Grey in theaters. Loved it.
Giants all in RT : What team you want? or
Thanks for the shoutout!
Kobe with the record! And he only took 20 steps.
Invite others to wonder with you. Sets the stage for sharing a lot of ideas.
oh, kinky! how tight is it?
just for spring?
i can see why this is your new obsession...HAWT!
Thank you for birthday gift to be used for summer concerts at #Ravinia!
who was it and where do they work?
hello...max....im one of your fans ....and ive watch your movies my favorite is the 3 ninjas....with michael treanor and chad power..
Yes - in sadness, in joy, and things in between. RT : have you ever cried with a patient?
What do you like better. Reading a Bronx goblin article or watching Madonna's halftime show.
brb, saving the world.
Eating at prince's fried chicken in Nashville....featured on
Just so you know, my account was jacked. I would never pull something that bad. Looks like many were hacked. I am sorry.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 30
Oh yes to everything about that.
Thanks for the retweet!
what is new in your world, Ha?
why are my lips so chapped.
Thanks for the story this morning! Travel safe!
RT : Erase the messages, delete the number and move on. You don’t have to forget them, but just accept that they're not that person
I think everybody should get rich and well-known and do everything they ever imagined so they could notice that it's not the answer.
Crawling out of my skin.
I won't hit a female, but ill whoop a bitch ass
in so much stress because of all these exams :(
I start reading AdAge this morning with my Mud coffee. In 10 min, Internet is down in the company. Universe thought reading was a good idea.
Lindsey Vonn apparently owes 1.7 million dollars in back taxes.... ouch!
so excited 4 u 2 be on the Simpsons! it's my favorite show!
Had so much at , can't wait for next year!.. Time to recover
no problem(:
mayo is the celeb and for the record I was stone-cold sober during my tweet-fest with Mayo!
don't know what I'd do with out y'all! Haha
have you had Pliny the elder?
It is striking to me how many professors in my department, for example, will nervously admit to having "taken too long" to finish.
Your amazing! You inspire me every day! I would absolutely mean the world to me, if you would please follow me! :)
dinner was yummy, my poor girl injured her back adn hip during cheerleading practice,,, nursing wounds... she iwll be fine but banged up
My mom got married yesterday ♥
Two teens dead, another brain dead after a crash on hwy 52 @ Convoy. CHP says cars were racing on the way home from a beach bon fire.
Ha ha #TrueStory y'all both took that L “: Now I know exactly how it feel to be a Laker”
when is your new track coming out??? I'm so excited. I've been listening since 07!!
"Goals shouldn't change. Tactics should change." Carly Fiorina at
Your life has been the eternal April fools.
That's pretty good that you made it to May...
#SOBCOn thank you. Just thank you. :)
'Abdu'l-Bahá: “It will lead all other nations spiritually, for its illumination is far reaching.” #239DaysLive [2/2]
Yeah, I get that. I figure classmates of mine might want the exp. Today, you need to do free things to start in Journalism.
I said the same thing… were asses… haha
RT : "For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice
Totally agree. I swim the parents relay at "halftime." Wohoo!
Making pizza👍❤
hey new twittbudd!
Pillows are #amazing !!!! ;p
Water is better. Alcohol dehydrates you. Milk with make you nauseous.
Lol already got it! Thanks
That was awesome. God I've been there, weird:)
Just not my day I guess. It was so bad I could like box myself on shame...
Nice - we do not have accuracy docs, but each result does include an accuracy attribute so you'll be able to tell how close it is
Who still pays for music? I don't get it...
#IHateWhenMyWaiter is a human being, doesn't respond to tantrums, expects to get paid for doing his job without groveling
thanks Maria. Was a good show. See you Sat.
Joe Posada, The Show Band, David Villanueva, Second Nature, PM Soul, & Ernie Garibay- coming in May to Coco Lounge for Thursday Night Jazz!
Can't wait to listen to the JJ Abrams podcast
will there ever be a 13 broadway revival (if so can I be in it 😉)
Wat should I do today? I'm bored
out of home advertising
are you playing d3?
ANCHOR ATLANTIC is at Girl's Night Out tonight from 7:30-11:30 pm. Strap on those dancing shoes ladies!
This 1 is for the fat bitches wit they cheeks open, that'll do anything for Chuckie Cheese tokens.
hey! how are you? i'm good thanks. i just want you to know I love you so much ♥
You got a link to something yet or what?
lmao oh now you follow me >_<
Wild Gay RT : GAY RT : when niggas with dreads rock their hips >>>>>>>>>>
thanks Jim! First sprint tri is Saturday!!
Aya its finally #Friday & i wake up in pain !? Anyway GM twitter/Facebook
Thought I was done with an animation I was working on for a week and a half. The emails I am getting tell me otherwise...
IT'S TOKIN' TUESDAY
Who's going to hit up tomorrow's show with in Albuquerque, NM?
come chill with me bro! Haha
sound like something I would say
Any guesses as to what the saxophone player does on the tour when he's not playing his solo? Merch guy?
The sun is working its way out... Go Nautical Yards
Lights just went out at the station. I immediately wanted to put my head down on my desk and take a nap.
PS As of two days ago I fell in love with this "twitter" business. haha
cute! she knows how to pose for the camera.
Truth, I vow to be absolutely honest w/ myself & others. I'll no longer tolerate dishonesty in any of my concentric circles of life.
Guys love to txt one word answers. We only do it whn we r mad or busy
u seriously need to stop hating on the admit it they are a great team.to win 3 by more than 15 points each #c'mon
Can't decide what bar to go to tonight.
Work sucked... and on top of that my 2 best friends are o longer my friends... :/
You absolutely deserve the best Gail. From the #MNM family to you & the sir: Wishing you guys blessings & happiness!
Psalm 10:17-18 "You hear, O Lord, the desire of the afflicted; you encourage them, and you listen to their cry, defending the fatherless..."
I'm on the verge of becoming an enormous green rage monster.
Will u be mine<3
Done deal! RT Thanks again to 4 havin us @ foodcourt it was a blast as always! When u go mobile we gotta do somethin
do these trading cards of your's come with a stick of gum? :-)
are u hoping for a power outage so you'll be forced to do your reading ? :)
You ever gonna leak Rebellion?
“: just do the fake one ✔” <<<You expect me to do fake meth too?
We can't control where abused children come from, but we can have something to do with where they end up!
who needs more subs on youtube? just mention me and ill do some for you!
nice work on SurvivorCraft, really fun to watch. Keep up the good work.
now, that UFC (Jon Jones) commercial was funny. United not so much.
Headed to Memphis. See you at the
Why are there still tourism maps in downtown Milwaukee that show the Park East freeway?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it, and let us know what you think!
Funny thing about butterflies?Half the time you wish you didnt have them and the other half is wishing you still had them when they are gone
im straight same ol shit.lol tryin to get my sexy on in the gym for summer.
we'll be tweeting live from tonight's Mayoral forum at #UMDBiopark. phone charged? yep - all systems go!
Councilor Brad Winter had this funny confused look on his face after Benton announced his amendment.
Yup...fun times! He is such a great guy!!
That's quite alright. We can make it work and finish the photo shoot today, 'cause we are crafty like that.
Turns out there's a lot of cursing in the gay bar. We might have to leave. But there's nowhere else to watch the game. Austin.
Awesome time and can't wait for next year. Please let us know when the decks/vids are accessible pretty please!
Follow Angrey we makin moves
Who saw the Stanford VS. Oklahoma State last night?
Good luck to , presenting in Pecha Kucha style for the Efromyson Award for Excellence in Cultural Tourism Development!
Playing 2 acoustic #Christmas shows tonight! 1st in Camas WA at 6pm, then heading downtown Portland at 8pm on 21st!
Friday night in #lasvegas #QueueBarLounge chill spot inside the Cosmo blackjack tables & video poker
We will more than likely be able to finish Ch 9 on time next week
not ideal, but C's can come back from 0-2
Thanks to John & Christopher for helping us validate advocacy work for #chamber members and more yesterday.
Pray for me
that's animal abuse :/ so cruel . :(
Blacking out for my birthday is an understatement.
so lucky :o
I just purchased my own DVD copy of the funniest movie of all time.
just getting ready to start #aDanceWithDragons!
Cynthia Zepeda '12 graces the cover of focusing on the future of hispanic graduates. Congrats, Cynthia!
Introducing the $5.00 Lunch Special
What this city needs is a Shadow Mayor. I wonder if purple rubber-wearing fake superhero guy can help design the costume.
If Michael Vick was on Scooby Doo "And I would have got that job if it wasn't for that meddling dog" hahahaha
Eli saying I'm elite!
Hey, its Wednesday. That's pretty sweet.
i hate it wen guys try to act cool...it just drives me crazy
you're leading someone on again?!
Frontline Technologies Inc. Announces Termination of Management Cease Trade Order
Add my book page to follow updates on Vanilla's Ladies my pride and joy Detroit based street novel!
If I weren't gainfully employed, I'd be all over it myself . . .
Place is nice enough. Been here 1.5 years. People are nice. No major problems Or none u wouldn't expect with being close to Uni.
This is what I get for falling asleep at 7 and waking up at 9 😡 #CANTSLEEP gonna have to try....... AGAIN!😞
Near the river.
I think the dinosaurs in the tests are the least of their worries.
Spongebobs new name is Sponge Robert Quadratic Trousers .
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5
There are worse places to be with a baby than Cambridge public library on Dr. Seuss' birthday.
Which Players do you think the Timberwolves would be interested in Selecting in "The NBA Draft Lottery"?
went through earlier today!!!
Using and all in one day. What a fun adventure. cc
yep. No worries! Thanks for looking into it for me! Hoping to snag a Moosejaw tee soon!
we have a sexist *society*, not just dudes. I don't let it slow me down, I call it when I see it & I don't downplay being a woman!
Looks like is going to pull out the W in his first match. #2&1
that's because we only understand winning and UConn basketball.
“We don't realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme self who is eternally at peace.” ― Elizabeth Gilbert,
it's doin just swell my friend..another day, another dollar..
Hey , my answer is trickle down economics
I might wear yoga pants to school today.. Would you be proud ???
Sometimes I wish I had a studio on the beach!
Congrats to for winning 2 awards at the Spectrum Awards tonight.
Why am i going to bed at 9 o'clock on a friday night?
I just wanna like...bake cookies with you.
Visiting my step daughter aw she so cute I love her!
cant wait for swiyched at birth season 2
Print off a FREE PASS from the main page and come hang out with Vegas' HOTTEST SHOW-BABES!
If you want to touch the heart of God, begin with touching the heart of a child
Whoever the funny guy is breaking down the big boxes at work...STOP
I wish! Haha I really do
You never know the day or the hour that the Lord will call you home. Live each day like it's your last. Set out to accomplish your purpose
Tonight at The QBar! Friday Night Fuego! DJ Quico will be spinning the hottest Salsa, Merengue, Cumbia, Bachata, Reggaeton & more! No Cover!
you should check out
Frustrating that appeals process involves no contact with the subscriber. MVP conference called us in for appeals.
RT : check out ceo interview on www.phoenixhiphop.net
Who will save us from the Tea Party.
Yeah. I am totally in love with her... BTW, who do you love?
Canadian Universities Have One Week To Stop A Disastrous Copyright Licensing Deal - Techdirt
Last day of break before the last semester of grad school. Or any school. Ever.
I remember hearing that as well. As you & I have discussed before, I totally accept that much of the blame is on him.
Multi-care pileup.
I can't be in a relationship where you make me more mad/sad than happy..
re: the Liberal moniker, it's all relative.
o okay u watch baseball ?
But I dnt want to look like a cocktail server! LOL I gotta Hurry & think this 1 out. Or maybe a leopard scarf an tie it in a bow idk. Ugh!
I'm firmly a member of the PC Master Race, but the XCOM thread on #gwj is getting out of hand. If it weren't for Tkyl's updates I'd be gone.
The dogs massacred a box containing toothpaste. Bite marks on an unopened tube of Crest suggest they wanted whiter teeth and fresher breath.
'researchers identified personality as an important requirement for believable synthetic agents'
I am watching it on my iPad. Dad is doing a James Bond marathon on one TV & mom is watching #OWN on the other.
Oh my gosh, I could've just freaking killed my brother.
Listening to Tony Toni Tone
Hey Sounders Fans! Want a pair of free tickets to the Seattle Sounders opening match on Thursday?
Haha, I'm not sure about that. I just know those 3 things are my agenda for the day.
america needs to tell king Obama to get out of libya
They call her love, love, love, love, love They call her love, love, love, love, love She is love and she is all I need
Happy Mother's Day! =)
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun♥ :)
no, where'd u send them? by mail or e-mail?
no problem. thanks for the add!
well thanks! Glad you liked it!! :)
Here I am, trying to read about 17th Century alchemy and cute shoes keep popping up in the periphery. Must. Resist. Zappos.
Jesus Christ #itaintrapeif? Seriously? #ItAintRapeIf both parties consent. Btw, thank you to all the men stepping up to say
Anyone looking for a room to rent at a house?
that's awesome!! Congrats to her! Is it the one who speaks Portuguese?
Yes u R a human. :) I was just on a #raw kick of experiencing it without
Ladies. Tip stop wearing that plastic Jair wigs. We have outgrown that with real human hair wigs.
We have a few gifts that Toys for Tots never picked up - would love to see them go to some kids in need. Call us if you can use - 274.4595.
oh...another Bravo show for me to get addicted to.
I've got lots of ideas, you just need to pick a venue ;-)
Watched Cool Hand Luke last night & am having a ball breaking down the poker. Thx for the suggestion! I'll send link when done.
Holy hell am I getting a kick out of The Bachelor tonight. Bunch of nut jobs.
Just hold me close and never let me go! Tell me you love me and mean it!! But lie to me and i wont care anymore
me too girlfriend dont feel bad .
I need a place that dyes clothing. Any suggestions?
you are the funniest person ! I liked how you poked Harry on snl ;)
Glen Campbell and Tony Bennett have just proven that sales do not dictate legacies. In your face, LMFAO.
I knew I should have gone to the popstar magazine party. Oh well.
go bulls
Introducing our newest service offering, Strategic Sales. Building on our successful internet marketing services, we continue to grow!
please follow me <3 i love you(; when are you comig to germany?? i hope this year :) please click my follow button ;)
Have the time of your life before all your time run out
Win #FREE tickets to this weekend's #FreshCoastClassic!!! Check out for more info.
A pitcher's record isn't the best indicator of his worth. : No , one game under 500 , Cubs treat him like Tom Seaver
Ooh, that's in my TBR pile! I need to pick it up soon.
Deanna & newcomer Gina, great to hear! RT 2 ladies @ the bar took good care of me. 1st time there...I'll be back!
As a result of the crisis in the economy, the sun was laid off and replaced with falling snow,now wish kerosene prices would fall.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened. -Winston Churchill
lol...near bennu. hope you're still alive when I get home at 5
Them-- "Your driver broke a bottle of Crown Royal, he said you would pay for it" Me-- "When?" Them-- "A few months ago" Me-- "Not a Chance"
I'm still too happy about beating Kansas/#8 that it's hard me to be nervous or get too worried about recruiting.
South Austin: our donuts be @ the Whip In on Fridays >:o)
New York whats up its takin u there right now on clubradionyc.fm
M... crab roll for dinner from Luke's Lobster. Happy Tuesday.
go live
Fuck you , Regex! Fuck you side ways with a 2x4. One that is all splintery and covered with the yellow sticky shit.
Edwin raking
I can't get this whole working in the early am thing down. I'm either super early or mega late.
Timeless quote: "Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build bridges even when there are no rivers." ~ Nikita Khrushchev
Carol of the Bells! But Really a lot more--it's hard to choose!
hey dude text me your addy
The cross is the only way to reach heaven you can't use a ladder
is it monday yet?! ONE WEEK
I'm in Delaware... Just a few more miles closer! lol
i am distracted by what the person next to me is looking at on the internet.
What a beautiful day in my neighborhood.....gotta love MR. ROGERS.
Clash. Should I Stay or Should I go! Awesome stuff!
Terrible, egocentric article about the season opener. Tons of young talent you didn't to mention... CESPEDES???
if its going to rain then might as well start now..
i had a lot of things to do, but Nothing got accomplished.
Etsy is down....again
offers up "Going Gaga" as a methodology for our world today, which our disciplinary practices haven't prepared us for
tara...?you mean tiara???
People who think 'Ain't No Mountain High Enough' is not a great song should be put on a terrorist watch list
barry+leon+tom+emily dinner/lunch in toronto?
Easily game-changing. We love it!
u r a AMAZIN man w/ a voice 2 die 4 and drop dead looks HAPPY EARLY 18BIRTHDAY i luv u ur funny talented and have an accent!!
We all have that one person on our feed who we just want to make shut the fuck up, and you know who you are
RT : Great seeing Hopefully we can get together with for some road games next
I'm hoping that 'creative signage' was from Holy Cacao referencing their CAKE balls?.....
Panda express with just saw big anthony davis and marquis teague
RT The official WE STAND music video by feat is coming out THIS FRIDAY!!
And we are now hiring as well. All detailed info on our website www.wawild.org
180 years ago today, Buffalo NY was formally incorporated as a city! Happy anniversary, Buffalo!!
My song is never gonna come on the radio!!
Gov Kasich says OH studies all allegations on #natgas development because it can be done right
RT : Q5: HAVE U ENTERED ANY HEALTHY CHALLENGES THIS YEAR? IF SO WHICH ONES & WHAT WAS YOUR EXPERIENCE LIKE? RT PLS
Chicago artist...check out #bigdonny$
we did hear! Lookin forward to it. The front paddy-o will def be open!
yeah. I mean that's not a problem at all but I've just never done something like a car show before so I'm kinda scared. Haha
So how bout the Heat??!
as a specific major- like I know I wanna major in Biology but I don't know where I wanna go with that yet.
i dont think it will have much impact at all -- since the overall pool of resources in comm doesnt seem to be growing
Google Gmail for the iPhone may have had just an hour or two in the sunlight before Google pulled it , but that was more than enough time
We have MightyFuzz Young and crook green, big hodge, the corp cartel and cortez in the building
Follow 4 Follow...38 yrs. At its finest right here, and every year it gets BETTAH! 2012 SIGN OF TH AQUARIUS
Metta dumb ass
hate everyone today. #deargod since I actually DON'T have to work, I will be a hermit all night.
Today's Soups: Cream of Asparagus & Chicken Noodle
it was a joke..
#SF > LA T-shirts. January promo $5 off your order. Use coupon code WeBeJan at checkout
#30Rock looked weird last night - like Tina Fey either got plastic surgery, fat, or old. Maybe it was a different type of camera, I dunno.
We do apologize for the amount of video uploads today! Our admin had forgotten that we had linked out YouTube and Twitter accounts. :P
": Josh Reddick is a worse outfielder than I am .... And im atrocious in the outfield" and infield
Hey everyone follow my band
We seriously love our design team. #Smithsonian talks = sexy. So talented: & head desigNERD
Im starting to wonder if I even want a person that's going to be "nice" to me all the time in a relationship.It's actually kind of annoying.
@ bangingsexypro nigga font size? And I don't care:)
#stoptheviolence why do we kill people who kill people to prove that killing people is bad? ricockulous. just spark one up and chill out.
Totally late in replying, but thanks!
Fuck friends , friends turn into busters.😝
Wahhhh. D Rose.
I'm thinking of starting a little squabble with my sister. Does have its chair handy?
Brown, 2 minutes for being punched in the face while lying on the ground
No idea...actually I'd do something for Employer Branding first.
I don't think my shoes are bright enough
The #GodUniverse is something very simple. There is no such thing as size. Mass gets larger as you probe to smaller sizes. E=MC2.
im so blessed thank u god your my world i will never lose faith... i have faith in god..
RT : Congrats to Travis Grant for taking top honors and $5k in Men's SUP Survivor Race! Tune in tomorrow for more action
Pics taken for faculty ID badges today; I'm wearing the same shirt as 2 years when I had my last ID pic taken. I may need some new shirts.
yo plz follow me! im right her boy!!
aye shuddup bra
So its mutual! Unrequited love is only cool in books and songs.
I was there! But is blocking :( you guys did amazing though!!!! :D
Whazzup with the crotch on Usher's pants???
Merry Christmas #Steelers haters! Pussy motherfuckers!
someone to help u out breh
Beliebers, go follow , they follow back if you ask ♥
Q1 many public and university libs have open front facing ils systems that you can explore before diving into the backend.
I wonder if I take you home, will we still be in love, baby? Because I need ya tonight.
WRONG im talking about jonathan the jr
acoustic brunch at #SXSW it is slammed
If you have questions about what was said/shared, ask the source. They're more likely to give you a clear understanding of what they meant!
I think you should go for it!! Y'all would have decent babies... *awkward silence* hahaha
The fact that Jimmy John's delivers me a single sandwich any day is great, but on a rainy day during finals it is AMAZING.
Hello all who missed me :)
....just got finished talking to myself.
Jack, yet another feature of the Air!
Thanks for the good vibes and lovely comments. Have a great day everyone!
Cut my bangs by myself and got my spray tan :) J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
Okay. I've been at the Cotswald Starbucks for an hour and the line has never gotten shorter than 6 people!
What are the 4 'R's of Leadership? Listen to today's podcast and learn all about them! Great stuff from Bob Goshen!
If you only KNEW
aww you're the sweetest! <3
we NEED to all go together SOON!! I'm only going because Jayce is taking me
Just Dance at Bottoms Up! Go GaGa!
hope u r ok
I think we found the hang for the log cabin crew here in Laguna Beach
Remeber to follow everyone back :)
A new company will attempt to mine asteroids for resources such as precious metals and water
RT : *looks at you concerned* Is something else the matter?
Please let Payton go to Denver
Thanks for the retweet I really like your blog. We would love to see you at the event!
Things may come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle. ~Abraham Lincoln~
I did not realize how many cancer patients want to know about clinical trials and FDA regulations for informed choices in health care
she's just another fuck.
it's funny though
TGI can help you maximize the use of ink and pixels w/ #mktg portals, and #tradeshow tools that improve program outcomes and nurture leads.
your gmail, should i forward elsewhere?
how are things in LA?
o are you baking moring cookies?
yeah. I'm playing the guitar and singing!
I enjoy organizational things... Heh.
I AM
RT : I'm not gonna say it was easy, but we earned it. First playoff game as a college player, let's take a win baby!
Where you from ?
Nice first day of work in Atlanta, even tho did nothing more than get settling down and smiling at unfamiliar faces
I had an excuse when I was working one time that even I had a hard time calling in with, but it was the truth. I was all ready to leav...
Watching on The Finder
he says hello hope all is well.
KUOW news 8:35: Seattle Mayor insists SPD plan has nothing to do w/DOJ investigation. AND says: 'We're not complying? Sue us.'
Time and Gems Announces Last Day of Wholesale Event - PR Web (press release)
I can still hear my trainer yelling at me in the ring to keep my fists up as a kid. I still haven't put them down...
going to band practice!! You?
Eat shit Josh Beckett I knew I shouldn't have started you tonight
Hey my dear, talented, creative queen!!!!
Who got call of duty how's the game play??? Reactions???
hi happy birthday :)
We would like to send you a copy of our new film Father's Day which is playing in select theaters
wish I were there with you two!
Congrats to you all...good luck in the final.
Dear ABC gods, please bring back GCB.
i always feel like amy march when i paint with watercolors.
OMG, I can't sleep-Tomorrow I wake up, a Fantasy Freak! Got beer on ice & my teams on call-Try & think of a way to send my wife to the mall!
Our lifes. RT : I hate hospitals, yet I want to work in one.
I just dropped my phone in a pile of Ketchup, god damn tatertots
Thanks to for choosing as an ethical business for Shop Your Values week! FREE BEGINNERS class May 6 at 11am.
Parents are getting me a much needed piece of furniture for my room. I can't wait for my new shark tank! Muckwas love sharks...
Everytime seduction by eminem comes on i get super geeked
And the river got frozen, and the home got snowed in, and a yellow moon glowed bright till the morning light
Laugh & the world laughs with you, weep & you weep alone.
good times with and todd. got to love random austin #sxsw nights. don't get shanked and lose a kidney. :)
Sometimes you have to forget what you want and remember what you deserve.
an 8th grader...
Glad to have you on my brother. Goin up!!
To whoever puts their FAITH in God, and gives it all they got... they will be blessed.
we can...just hit my line
Good luck tonight at the event!! Want to meet @ Urbana for some prosecco afterwards?
o am in front of stadium soccer that is... On a white Mazda hatch back
Happy Belated Birthday! I love your jewelry!
sign up put name on wait list www.likejuice.124online.com
There is a way to build a #Facebook app, providing value to customers and providing data for #scrm, #emailmarketing, and
I want to tell the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles that it’s really not necessary to wear those masks to “hide” their identity
Louis with the moustache at the end... Too much amazingness
Great convo with today(:
most definitely ;)
All About Us- He Is We ft. Owl City all day today.<3
School, I don't want to go but I gots to go
I hate when you want to know something but you don't want to ask.
Bob Pence, Freese & Nichols, is performance excellence guru! Thanks for sharing your best practice--one page strategic plan!
insane teachers, and gross school lunches, Ned Bigby that's me and my two best friends try to do the impossible
Happy to see join the Twitter community!
ny state senator Diaz, you have 2 minutes.
how close is that to being accurate sizes in the book?
Let go
I just baked a cake from scratch. I have no follow up statement to that fact.
thanks I know everybody is saying it but killer app. Can't wait till your next idea.
Ok at Roberts now. Sitting like VIP's at the Sho Bud balcony bar upstairs
See you on April 24th?
Nothing like booking biz poolside! "wi' my mind on my money, an' my money on my mind!" while gettin' a tan...
Onshoring/Offshoring with Jack Barry has ended! You can still submit questions to
Renfields and DangerKat play Fright Farm tonight!!!! Three cheers for Transylvania! -V
GREAT! we'll see you soon!
Thanks for backing our project! I owe you a beer.
we are thinking at least MWF...
Well, that's what we hear ;)
I never realized how easily I bruise until I played Angry Birds with the sound on around other people.
Heck Yea!!!
Ready for the weekend.....WOOOhooo!
Cringe 1, pouch massage #girls that was quick
Hey Wendy, Thanks for the RT! Hope all is well!
Ha! you won the grocery sweepstakes? Lucky guy!
QoTD: "One who smiles rather than rages is always the stronger." (Japanese Proverb)
i love the starbucks right next to my school!
It's so funny when little kids make up random games
WE LOVE YOUR MUSIC!
Yay! Had 2 work that night. But that day I went to an awesome swap meet and found some treasures! (can't send u DM btw) ;-)
Anyone else having issues trying to stream on this beautiful Mardi Gras? Contant rebuffering :(
Love but why send an email about getting my taxes done with when you've already accurately categorized my refunds days ago?
Merci pour la mention!
He is going to the Playboy Mansion but he'll be back for the rest of MDW. Yeee! Can't wait to be reunited w/ you.
Who wants a shoutout? :)
Safety Valve: Letters from our readers
Nice one!
Madonna was.amazing I loved this half time show
thanks so much! I appreciate that and would love to see you ! Hope to see you at another tweet-up soon! xx
damn peas E....that only lasted like 48 hours. Smh
i am addicted to wasabi peas. SO GOOD.
wait so theyre not working on a song together?
I just earned the Conehead badge on #Yelp!
awww u kids are too sweet :)
We're looking forward to it! RT : Playing Smokin' Hot Aces tomorrow @ 6p!
maybe so...but they play with heart. Unlike another pro football team here in Nash
I don't get paid enough for this shit.
ATTD news out solid support .0045
We want to congratulate Joseph Rupert on his recent #AFTRA membership!!!
To all those attending , be sure to bring back some knowledge! Say hello to Charisse for me.
awhl yall so wrong.. Yall need to separate posters because its 2 separate graduations lol
But plausible, no? What else could he mean?
Not today sorry guys. Meet and greets coming soon. I think I can hear you screaming already
Am I the last to know that is going from 20 free articles a month to 10? Oh well
Purim Pandemonium is rocking - if you're not here yet, hurry up and get your party on!
It was never like this before
Yea, Brian - you rock! ": #eij11 Brian H. Eckert of Reg 2 won the Regional Director of the Year!!! Congrats to my colleague."
Hello , , , , Thanks for the RTs! Hope you're Thriving today!
Where you at
Surprisingly hard to find open wifi in downtown Detroit. Rowland Cafe isn't working this afternoon!
Bout to tear up some #texmex!
RFT! ": Not down for this drive home 😞"
And am I trippin or was polow da Don in Jim crow??
Maybe a little bit of both :D
If you look at my Twitter Photo, I'm the one in the middle.
The irony is AT&T is pissing off the very people most likely to have the biggest presence on web.
smh.... game is not that important
Councilman Bill Henry Introduces his outside advertising tax bill.
Flipboard Adds Audio to Its Social Magazine
The family in India was happy b/c they have each other, it wasn't about material things. Family is more important.
If you have Dish Network you can catch replays of the game on channel 158 CBSSN...next replay tonight at 12:30 am EST
Jeff Saturday....awesome....Scott wells who?
Back home, Spirit week is going to be amazing, in my opinion. I like dressing like a fool<3 Oh homecoming this Friday!
Well its in a book but if i find some things i can upload i will def share with you
cinco de mayo = a year since I met you for the first time in NYC and cried my eyes out.
Great quote and let's hope it pans out before Aug 2nd!
my mommy
I like boobs, but then you add tattoos to them.
yes maam! How bout a please?
the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Thanks for the love!
I slam dunk in that pussy n Blake Griffin on your hoe!")
Good article :-)
Friday's #EarthDay advice: Incorporate one new thing into your daily routine that benefits nature and the environment.
Lol. You're the man, A-rizzle!
They sang Tounge Tied on Glee. Grouplove is going to be the new fun.
Thanks for the #MotivationalTweet. It sucked but feels good to be a finisher!
Or they're behind you as they're looking at your phone/camera being kinda creepy.
Getting ready for the big game with som #BBQ Chicken Wings
The first day of spring break . And as usual i cant go outside because my little brother and sister are the worlds biggest snitches !
Hey guys x x
Did I just see a billboard for Scream 4?
my brain might explode due to the amount of tunes I am cramming into it right now...
O she fuck up one time ight 2 times something up wtf man heated
Shwarty you a bitch
It's like 3 o'clock in the morning and I'm still awake. Smh.
wishing you a virus-free internet experience
Sweet mother of pearl, who is stopping her?
what's wrong
Congratulations to all the ASU graduates for this semester!
Hello, hope you guys are doing well
hey watch those cheese people comments!
thanks for tweeting about the show
because she doesn't have arms!!!lol wait another one knock knock!
Kill it! I need a new hat!!!
captain hook
you better! Haha
The screening tonight is SOLD OUT! However, you can still see our film + 10 more in Henderson's Lounge for $5! Lowenstein Complex/Colfax
There's a special place in hell for ppl who wait until the last min to merge in construction zones.
RT : Had a great conversation with Very excited about the future!
M83 is way too good for you, Red Bull commercial.
bro you all ready know and I ain't finna pay to get in
Am now starting to recognize people on Metro. I AM COMMUTER MAN.
Now she said I promised here to finish school and she didn't even know I was doing it until two days ago. Moron.
In one week i done made it to a whole other tax bracket!!
"Red Hot Chili Peppers did a parody of this song." lol
Off to school. An awkward day with my crush. Ahh omg. I am so nervous.
at CUREnet meeting in gorgeous small auditorium at HHMI.
Had a great photo shoot with Brian Nemiroff with Photographic Utopia.
haha thats fine! were just trying to get people to check out our music:)
If I had any weakness, it would be short blonde tan girls in Trader Joes. She's probably like 18 too. And her mom? F
missed u too.. hows the music :-)
It's really OK, I've tried to lock up my bike using my Ford key.
DANG GOD IS SO GOOD
Thank you Lord for your many blessings
Were the pictures blocked after authenticating?
"Invisibility Cloak" almost a reality..totally my thing
I crack myself up lmao
Don't forget voters, you have to forget to vote next month (Schools) & in June (congressional) & in Sept...
thank you every one who is using repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com! Support the streets & YOUR fashion. And save 20%!
Awesome! You're a lucky lady!
Two on, Harold Reynolds POPS it up! Castillo is there, and he's GOT IT to end this game. Brewers win!
I wonder if is coming for my birthday and go to pride:o???
Should I...I dunno, pray to Vishnu or chant or something?
LA'ers go see ! He totally kicks ass!
Okay. If you say so.
Please could everyone ignore any tweets this morning or messages from my account my emails and twitter have been hacked. Be back soon!
Over subsequent days, a scab forms on the site of the treatment, which then falls off in about two to three weeks. .keloidsurvey.com
Congratulations to UMBC President Hrabowski -- 1 of Maryland's most influential people, too!
Dat breakfast just banged
At least this #Oscars sequence makes more sense than Tree of Life...
Time for another graduation...no air conditioner in this gym.
Thanks for following! -- from the author of CLAUDE & CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET and MARRYING MOZART
Feeling so dissppointed...and frustrated. Crawling out of my skin to be moving like myself
love that one too!
so long as you don't grope him during the M&G and get tossed out, it's all good
Thanks for the stories! I've always wanted to b on a TV set 2see how things work. So I appreciate the behind the scenes look
Congratulations on the funding. You guys are doing amazing, world-changing work. Can't wait to see what happens in future!
If boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses
Red wine chip? Yes!
you rock!
May your birthday be filled with smiles, sunshine, love, and laughter.
Demo Lovato documentary on MTV. I love her! Her music helps me through everything. She's my role model. <3
Must stop travel planning. Wish more 12# tix offered by RNT.
I want to watch the twitcam. Stupid school.
You joined Twitter on my Birthday! Oct 5th!
I'm glad because some in 3D just aren't worth the extra charge.
Fuck my life.Theres no point of it.
I love the portable wi-fi feature on my phone...but hate that it wont let me watch videos on the bus. Boo.
Yolo: You obviously live online.
I don't really know how virtual starbucks taste like but we can try :D
A♠ RT : rihanna and alexis texas at the same. damm time
You know who's super hot in person? Dana Delany. Holy smokes!
I just realize both of y'all have the same pic, lol.
I miss your voice, smile, kiss, love, hug, touch, walk, smell, body, scent, etc mane i just miss everything about you <3
hahah i'll just respond to her in whispers. maybe she'll get it? probably not.
okay I'm all set for Saturdayy :))
Photography is about creativity.
What's up y'all?
catching bits and pieces of this convo but I'm intrigued by Cliveden already
oh that's nice lol I'd like that
Love like no other. Love forever.
I sure would love it, the car would actually be faster than the older model. lol
Not gifted at performing w students
OH: "When I uttered 'steaming tampon in a clamshell' this morning, I never thought that was actually going to be our solution."
What? I'm totally confused... Do tell.
pssst... Your tattoo is backwards....
Congrats on the award. Well deserved!
Thank you MT": Feinstein...talked to Steinberg...about ADA lawsuit(s). Wants 90 day "right to cure" 4 businesses"
haha ya there really good!!(:
Great conference! If have not been before -go next year!
What's wrong with the weather today? It's beautiful! Love getting off of work and being 2 minutes away from the beach
got an a in my oral exam today. woot woot
RT : I'd bet that some companies & biz leaders have twitter accts because someone told them they had to.
This morning with his French toast, got introduced to syrup. Might have to step up his bathtime by about 10 hours :)
Join us for Mat Pilates tomorrow morning @ 9am. July Special: $49 monthly group class membership. Try yoga, mat pilates or cardio classes.
but that's all part of the xmas magic lol
Don't give personal information to strangers?
Thanks - excited to be presenting & looking forward to the event!
nah I got so much to do or I would.
"come and knock on our door... beer is waiting for you..." RT : Fresh fruit, herbs, stacks of beer - waiting for you....
I'm in lot of pain. I can't sit or lay flat on my back; I stand most of the day which is okay. I see my dr on Wednesday
listen to our show on Wed. at 11AM! we want student opinions, real talk. Blunt Talk
My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat ... RIP Adam Yauch
only in San Antonio!
iF You Say So But We Not Going To The Movies Saturday?
Ok this just got so cliche'd in a good way
Gandhi also said, “I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary
lol yes i sure am!!!
hahaha exactly! While others have millions of posters and other things, we have pens!!(:
thanks! I get to go to DC for G6 today, but plan to see the standings crew again in R2.
NILLLEEEE“: I do miss the nile.”
Watching Ricky Martin on #Glee reminded me of when I saw him on Mexican TV in #Menudo as little boy. Time has flown!
thank you! what a great year so far!
Yeah, he's an immature kid who thinks the world of himself. I guess I really don't care about that if he's helping my team win.
Today was definitly not as much fun as i thought it would be.....
How did the league survive before you guys?
the Twinkie 2?
Yeah made it back to Atlanta Sunday evening.
This weekend in Napa! Yes!
Does anyone know where Sophie went?
I'm so surprised about Whitney Houston.
DM us your email address and we'll send you the invite via Pinterest :)
I would fly you to the moon and back if you'll be . . . if you'll be my baby. ~ From a song by Savage Garden ~
Pick me pick me!! :)) RT : Shoutout anyone? :)
I never know if its a commercial or an SNL sketch....
“If you could do tomorrow over again, would you?”
"My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever." Psalm 73:26
We are ending the year with the student/teacher talent show.
You're sick when the tops of your ears are cold & your toes are hot.
I need the hugs. Thanks.
i support jelena all the way
We'll give away a pair of Civil War football tickets to a follower... we'll tweet how shortly. Thanks for supporting area children.
Of all the hairs in my happy trail, there is a single black one. This could be the start of a cure.
lol. Yeah be excited. Troll a little more on brewers hashtags. Fag.
PLEASE NOTICE THIS i voted over 300 times for can i PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BACK
Breathing a sigh of relief now that Challenge 3 stage 1 is over. That was a sprint!
Gotta start looking for a bike but don't know what kind to look for??!
Thx 4 joining me--you rock! Happy follow Friday!
Karaoke is at 10! We also have happy hour from 10- close which features $2 off 's imperial pints, house wines and rail cocktails!
Thanks for the mention.
The people who cut the lunch line every single day<<<< boutta get socked in the gut
#FavoriteLyric "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger "
Too damn early.
Who is excited for the new album to come out in October? -Sara
We also know that to be educated, the goal must be human liberation,enabling each of us to fulfill our capacity. H. Rodham Wellesley '69
Listening to the crow soundtrack- #tommorello ripping jazz noise solo on darkness
Read a great book by Aravind Adiga: White Tiger. Set in Modern India, reminds me of Native Son and the Invisible Man.
Everyone be sure to wish a very happy birthday today
Bonnie Raitt Is one of my all time favorites.
Great call!#TASTEMAKERSKS Im here to help all of you in any way I can! Thanks for letting me be apart of this!
happy birthday to my friend anthony and DR SEUSS. i might note read his books now, but i did when i was a kid and I liked kindergarden.
My novela is on ;)
Cards and Cats meeting in the Final Four is the biggest thing to happen since the Mega Powers exploded at WrestleMania V
Exhausted :/ ugh. It's going to be a long day at work.
nope still has it. :-)
me: "thats a big house" nick: "i think thats a church"
follow me cameron. i miss you> #woof hhaha
eat a banana its good for you
Welcome, new followers! Happy reading!
Today, A new sun rises for me, everything is animated everything seems to speak to me of my passion, everything invites me to cherish it.
Oh HELL NO
The Twitpocalypse is coming! Be ready!
you bet!
ok then... SO YOU ARE !
I was cool with it. Just happy I didn't get 's beer spilled on me.
Thanks for the Mention!!!
Don't text and drive RT : Nothing we could do there... Never saw the wreck till we were windshield deep.
If you have sex at our school then you probably have AIDS.
I'm the same way. But I'm learning some people just don't response well to hurt. Whether intentional or not.
I just consumed 1100 calories in 4.5 minutes.
yes! good idear.
m m m
Need an apartment that is fully furnished in #SouthBeach? Contact us and we will accomodate for all your needs, its what we're here for!
Dirty thoughts -> RT : He probably has to get custom made undies
Happy Graduation !! Enjoy every moment bc it goes by quick! You did it! CONGRATS!
I have been waiting 4.5 years to see live. The time has finally arrived. Can't wait to see him perform at tomorrow!
it was great to finally meet tonight.. very cool event
Thank goodness for !
keep it clean. F word not useful.
omg i miss these days we used to have so much fun! I think im gonna cry!
Is it too late to begin classroom mgmt. (behaviorally) 100 days in with 85 to go? And if not, suggestions as to how?
naaahhhhh... No one should've die!! This shit is too sad.
it starts to get so crazy later on season 1 is nothing compared to 4
fall finally arrived in #Denver today, but looks like it's only stop over. back to 80's tomorrow.
Much obliged.
Sago palms ("palmlets") for sale at Tudor Place, today! Get there by 4 for this and FREE ENTRY to our gardens.
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
In the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them. Now you just delete them off Facebook. That'll teach 'em to fuck with you.
Heading over to the soapbox derby on Mt. Tabor.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! God bless you bro!
Shirley Temple.
Westview is 1square mile and I swear to god they have about 200cops.
Fruit roll ups are awesome.
Wow! What was the seminar that Zemsky taught that led to you being in digital humanities?
Happy Father's Day!!
why do you think we're not making ourselves understood?
it's just extra fiber, right?
Two search phrases that lead to our site: "robot with swag" and "robot and donuts"... YES!!!!
Give peace a chance everyone.
Hey, fans. Try our other channels for news: , , & is going corporate.
Absolutely! I'll send you a message in a moment.
Watch 2morrow my throat will be burning!!!
Fernando-mania forever!
I am appreciating this movie!
Delicious! RT : Just had an AMAZING lobster roll for lunch from and paid with and got $2 off! woo-hoo
My Mamaw just went to the hospital. Please keep her in your prayers!
Museum fans! Would you like museums to talk to you during your onsite museum visit? Does it feel like "stalking"?
Why did I just now learn that Roseanne Barr is running for President on the Green Party ticket?
All I need is one mic
nigga i don't smoke
#teamfollowback good morning
Hi folks...thanks for returning the follow!
Great mentions of the effectiveness of Wildfire here, might be worth sharing with your readers!
well if that's what CTC says, guess I can't argue with it, huh?
WHY? WHY, when I tell you I DO NOT CARE...you insist that you also do not care but continue to bore me with gossip for the next half hour!?!
I love my group! Ok, that's all. Bye :)
Watching crank and crank high voltage at work
Thanks for the share, Justice!
Staying in tonight. So stop texting us! =)
haha that would have been amazing!
Just arrived in gulfport for the #stic 2012 conference
The official hashtag is
It sucks to not be able to see the people you want too....:(
#iwca encourages wcenters to increase reach beyond current mission (harbor) to new projects (the sea)
Think I need to turn off the Cats game more often....
Spending a sleepless night working on marketing and advertising? Sounds like a deal to me. :)
That's a beautiful thing!
First 11:11 and now #SaySomethin I am so proud. You're truly amazing :)
I'm so excited! I've got a photo shoot coming up w (: ate a healthy breakfast & went to the gym this morning
I just say, nothing if a bitch go crazy on me Lol
sory busy morning n
And... any advice for a student who wants to become established? I'm not sure any of my class projects are poster-worthy, yet.
Seriously. What a weekend. 24 hours of sheer madness
is love to hang with her too
You're always so very good! June is going to be an especially happy wedding season this year!
HA! You had 8!!
honestly I'm a little sad it's over, I was excited to see AT&T get into a street fight with the internet.
Can't wait! #GOLONGBEACH :)
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel Check it out , white hip hop duo from Pittsburgh, "Ev & Stel", support good music!
We are pleased to announce that By Love and Art Scarred has been accepted into the International Film Festival Ireland Check out our website
It is integral to gain and maintain respect.. Furthermore a mutual respect
I feel so thankful my friends accept me for who i am....
what really... Nice
2 answer the DM's, it's a fantasy/humor book. Like "Pirates of the Caribbean," as told by Douglas Adams, & most of the characters are women.
You love it #shhh 😘
love that fedora ;)!
Can't sleep, time to go run
oh my gosh 😱 I jinxed it, didn't I? :O
we will just have to have your bounce in the right direction soon LOL
under standard conditions of cluster and coffee
I hate when that happens lol
Releasing a teaser next week. Thanks for the follow.
He tweets about everything
1/2 off Drinks and Slushes all day tomorrow!!!!!!!!!
I spoke to and he really appreciates you guys coming to visit him.
This girl maybe the one lol for this Dick
Why am I so tired tonight? It's not like I did anything at work...
Give more time for people who believe Casey is innocent and Not Guilty. You and Nancy Grace are very Bias that's not fair!
yeah..that's why they are very reluctant to go all police state these days
Welcome to our firm please visit us at www.brennalaw.com
where'd you go ?
Wow! It hit the pole! Amazing moment!!!
i know man. designed them myself
About to cancel the cable until the playoffs come on..
I am still learning. ~Michelangelo
Intrigued by the bootleg video on YouTube showing the biographical mini-series, "Portrait of a Marriage" about Vita Sackville-West, et al...
Today is a gold day
Uncool and unsafe to tweet false info about the fire when it's life & death up there. I was trying to make a point w/some humor.
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”~ Dr. Seuss
Thanks to , , for the great PLP kickoff. I'm excited to be a learner!
Yay your awesome!:D
West of Memphis: Fascinating look at the impact of celebrity and massive loads of $ to challenge injustice. Also, a great story.
the Arthur theme song makes some good points
has a major crush on
"Make a decision to be happy, and stick with it."
I'm not fat. I'm just so sexy that it overflows.
I need to make things happen. Instead of saying I can't wait, it should be shown
or walking so damn slow
RT : Ansari talking abt gamification of Project Noah via "patches" - look like embroidered scouting patches.
Huge thanks to everybody who came to see us at Ground Zero on Friday, or at Pop Fest this afternoon. It has been such a fun weekend.
"what's with Google+ API?!" got applause from room.
everyone was too busy studying... right? :)
No man is happy who does not think himself so. Publilius Syrus
the super lazy part of me loves the fact that i'll have one less letter to type in my new last name.
So glad I have the type of relationship with my mom where I can call her and we both just cry about what makes us unhappy
No he did not "shoot that from the parking lot"
Good Morning! What do you have planned for this Easter weekend?
Well if thats the purpose of going on the date is to fuck then no. But it shows where the female is at tho.!
You know it!
follow us..have a good day
ha probably. But the best product placement is subtle. In your face product placement during a primetime show is just annoying
Olive Garden for dinner
The Gay community is being used to divert attention from the economy but, why act shocked. This is why I'm a political atheist.
assumption 1: learners need guided learning experiences Boettcher
Also tonight from 7-9 $10 all you can drink wells and domestic drafts.. And Live music starting at 9pm!!
- Yeah, sent to Mat. I'd rather do Coachella or ACL (even Bonnaroo!) than Lolla this year. Anti RHCP sentiment, I guess. :)
#shawfacts Just cause picked a lame winner we can turn into a legend. Time to start a Fan Club. Csn not invited!
Undefeated for the day! #kryptonite 💙💛❤
Thank You! I'm headed to Miwaukee!
Grind, Killa, we love ya.
Soo "Akward." Is just another show that proves MTV is NOT Music Television v.v
I'm pretty pumped that Calvin Johnson is on madden and not
There is an awful lot of "Christian" judging abound today! I'm sure the Lird approves.
everything sucks including my health or everything sucks because of my health? language, proof AND LOGIC!
thanks for the great advice!
the stories break my heart but your reporting is full of errors and is blatantly bad journalism.
hey Jack, great you made it!! Nice to find you here!! Best wishes from Berlin!! See you in SF :-)
Sing Glory For Jesus :).
Sure hold your money in your mouth and then give it to me...
Guuuurl! i miss you! where the hell did you go??
...that would not get in the way of a gr8 night w/some great people. Sorry I missed u before u turned in. Now...time to pack.
30 is the new 18. I like it I like it.
haha i am not mean, idk how to be anymore. Poor girl just needs a wakeup call
is this laundromat music trivia?
sorry for the double posts, i'm getting a post delivery system worked out.
Congratulations to the Grand Prize winner of Season 1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Jonathan Traylor!
congrats on the little guy! I'm so happy for you too!
hm what to wear, what to wear...
Chelsea fans at FA cup match #classless with "murderers" chant during moment of silence for hillsboro. I will never respect the blues.
Going for a bike ride at five. :)
Ok, hit a snag >:( Cannot update Snow Leopard beyond 10.6.4 w/o Phenom CPU having seizure. Hoping #OpenSim + Mono don't care.
Just pondering what an amazing day this is for America. Good Luck Obama.
i'm about to get on a 13 1/2 hour flight and there are so many babies here... oh boy. at least they're adorable korean babies.
my tiara is on... look out!
I'm over the lies
you're silly :p
"Every step we make by our own courage is worth a vast number of steps made by someone else." -Manly P Hall
Can't we are leaving in like 5-10 minutes. I hope...
is a beast! The 1st round receiver who will make a huge impact that nobody is talking about
putting together the design for a new tattoo I'll be getting soon
War wounds are markings of a true athlete
yes I can't do it no more cause I haven't baught her nothin in a min
will do :)
I like you 👆 I like you 👇 but I really want her 👉
RT : #pricelessny Yum Thank you for free lunch!! King & Houston downtown. Now! You rock!! Taim mobile - I LOVE Taim!!!
"Every woman needs her own checking account, swiss army knife, and a sense of self - With these things, she can do anything on her own."
hey what,ups heard was single
Hard work is fun when improvement is evident.
#TV weather people: Is “futurecast” even a word? And what’s wrong with “forecast”?
Follow to see a sneak preview of winter sports schedule posters!
I usually just let you tell your story anyway lol
Judge yourself before judging others.
IF I TREATED YOU LIKE YOU TREAT ME, YOU WOULD HATE ME
a "research" process needs to happen now, really #comcast? i know you can look at the my modem info & tell its not your usual POS modem..
ah the accent is real?!
dm me your stuff
so fun to follow
Damn it wanna start raining before i head to class
Buffy the Vampire Slayer was my jam back in
Trying to get my homeboyz to perform this season ppl. Follow them n check out their music! They ROCK n RAP!!
CSI at NIKE Indo BEJ, let's make a whole bunch of money today!!
The Grey was pretty horrific - Liam Neeson can't buy a decent role these days
We just lost a follower, dropping 499. We give up our brief but terrifying reign over the Interent.
Class till noon. 😒
- Thanks for the follow at !
Woke up 30 minutes late, look better than I intended.
Merry Christmas!!!!!
haha we were always friends I heard your back around town ...
Leaving DC and till 2013. And i managed to score a plane seat by the window with an empty row.
So if you're Pac-12 regular season champ no guarantee you get in tourney. That'll be great for recruiting.
i miss my bestie.... :( i think he should talk to me pronto!
Go girl!
I tore out carpet tack tracks, sanded, scraped glue, huffed mold and tomorrow's the big day to paint my #woodfloor. Photos to follow.
It's okay I forgive you lol.
How many of you have pets?
Function of media lab in integrated LC model-- "genius bar?"
Did Lil Mama just say she can see 8Flavahz winning the show? OH HELL NO. YOU WANNA GO?!
Working on CourseSites for PD application.
To every MOM.. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!! You are appreciated:)
had to pull a bitch card real quick
Yeah. When Mike Sherman did it in Green Bay
I really do like people as long as they're nice. To look at.
I do not have to sell you stuff guy. I just hope for you for it boiee
call me NOW!!!
I no longer like Americas Got Talent.
I think if I was Luke skywalker, I would have.chosen the Dark Side. You would have so much power. People. All you Emperor. Hell yeah.
Thrilled is emcee for Saturday's Hospital Food Fight. Follow if you can't join us for this Stillwaters event.
doesnt have a match for extreme rules yet
- I wll remedy that right now... :-)
Report: cked in to rehab, hope its not true, they'll remove the lefty liberalism from his brain.
A final dinner before I leave Gotham with Jeffy, VIMP, Meatball, and Rebecca!
thank you for the rt! I appreciate it! Xo J
"Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control."
G'Night <3!
she is ugly.
Idk why I'm surprised west hall is quiet
true! RT : A teacher asked a ? re gerunds; we decided if she could get through life w/out knowing, Ss didn't need 2 know.
Before embarking on a journey of revenge, first dig two graves
BassPro rules! Not very sure about Tractor Supply
oh, word?!
#Actors - Daniel Aufiero casting LUCY 7 Cute White Female and VAL 35 Alluring Confident White Female for "The Culling." More in the app!"
We have to work fast when Mother Nature gives us decent weather to work in!
More like someone's mom posting a B-average report card after 3 straight years of Fs.
In so much pain:(
Add me everyone on BlackBerry Messenger: 2115FC39
She ain't bout that life, She ain't crazy!!
Hot damn that was amazing ahjusshi can sing!
yea they just assume teen mom on MTV is too blame
I literally had the best dream ever last night...(: it was amazing I got so mad cause my mom woke me up...we were about to make out):<
luck tonight, and tell Kevin hello for me...let's play again sometime.
Isn't Christine Lagarde, the head of the International Monetary Fund, Catholic?
This could be the greatest single day in tournament history with 2 Number 2's going down.Big ups 2 Lehigh and Norfork St
+1 on dogs with sideburns
and then the virtual machine is portable between any platform!
thanks bro!
woo hoo Go Tyler!
LME profits fall on higher costs, investments-FT
hello there!
The phrase, "must be nice," must be stopped.
The world is your home, and it is safe. :)
Tryna to please the "people" creates further disappointment and heartache. Emotions flood over oceans from finishing last instead of 1st
Wow it's hot. But it feels great.
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.[=
S/o to for hooking up with our t-shirt! thanks for the support!!!
My cat is more popular than I am in my neighborhood!
AP english & AP studio art :) thank you!
My Greatest Inspirations Are Da Ppl Dat I Be Around..
Playing the Blues Brothers show on a sunny day at Universal
