Wow, till 11? Don't go crazy or anything!
If every petition signer brings a friend (unlikely voter if possible) #june5, we got this. #Recall: Obama 1.7 '08; Walker 1.2 '10
HOW ARE YOU? :D
- good insights into the sales process, as always
“: TRX suspension training is an excellent way to get an awesome workout pretty much anywhere #TRX” We love it too!
lawls what can i say
There have been some social media-related events in Anchorage, but you're correct, no SMC. We're not big into formality up here. :)
i know you probrably think i hate you but i dont so dont think that way okay so bye and thanks :D
You hit your brother, I gonna hit you...
I am going to buy so many heavy things.
*looks in your eyes*
I KNOW. I have to go see NYD and BC13 and Deuce and BOTDF again soon. i have post-concert depression. /:
Thank you for the birthday wishes.
I really wish tumblr's multiple blogs worked differently. Oh well, I guess I'm going to have to create an e-mail address and log in and out.
#InMIddleSchool Bitches werent quiet bitches yet
you're welcome
we can build machine-only workouts. And, for your muscles' sake, we'd urge you to try something new vs. the old routine...
Thanks again to all the entrants for the 2010 SanAntonioAMA Marketing Excellence Awards! We are starting our judging this Thursday night ...
Wow this day is all messed up with a bad ending to it
You are awesome! So very awesome.
last we had some African delight. Friends were visiting from Chicago. They said:never had coffee like that!
Happy birthday, Paul! :) x
who are they routing for? Better be the Eagles! Those are my boys! Haha
(SLA's Events Director extraordinaire) Thanks for following!
and I wear my uncute-ness with pride
are you fucking kidding me?
Yooooooo closing timmmmee it's time to go
I barked at my grandma because she had as many pizza slices as I did (3, dominoes)..the nerves!!
looking forward to seeing you at tomorrow too and see your new product. Love me some fretzels! We're booth 9.
Just introduced the amazing who's talking about getting funding for your biz.
I miss my freaking niece
that tweet just made my life...
is a film about 5 kids in N.O. whose school system gets the most radical overhaul in America...
#resume #tips Your resume is only one step of many for your ideal job/career.
Thanks for following Dawn :D xoxo
thank you!!!
Or maybe his body just was going to break down no matter what, who knows?
Our marvelous media sponsors!
Thanx for comming. Great to meet you & now can connect another twitter follower to a face!
Hey ma nigga what's the deal lol
it's good. I miss learning from you and on the set. Thanks for the experience.
can you verify our official fan account
I heard that. Wasn't sure if that was fabricated or what. YA know.
I'll be there ina lil. You want something to eat? Like MickDs or some shit..
I just have to keep reminding myself that nothing worth having is ever easy. Especially for me. I've never given up. Never will.
In Kindergarten, we called it cooties. In High School we call it STDs.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
I don't know what to do I'm bored
I visited a LEED Gold building last week. I drove buy it twice, producing green house gasses, because I couldn't see it due to native plants
Thanks for coming out! RT : Incredible visit today at the new #AppomattoxVA. A must-see for all.
looks so cool. not feeling the tremble makes me tremble. Life can be scaring-boring at times, making me afraid I am not living
i suck! i don't even know who's up. :(
welcome to Twitter!
good. I'll send what I recorded tonight, so you can hear it. I'm getting more comfortable every day.
if you don't want me to think wrong then don't remind me to think wrong...
truthfuly those are the folks im talking about
I'm so tired of this I should've just did it when I had a chance
you too Andrew.
i'm old.
Transcribing focus groups SUX!!! Okay. Back to #scholarship ... Jus needed a moment! I'm good now. ;-)
Well said, until now with the full-court press of #GOP wingnuts defunding #education & busting
ha that's funny I was reading ur book today welcome to dead house :-)
Haha Damn Network. I Sent Em At Like 10Sumn.
strange! Do you have a FB vanity URL?
Cant make it nvm...and hit marshall up on fb and get the details cause ima be outta town wit ma'dukes.
Sometimes I wish I knew if we were going somewhere, all this jealousy thing gets out of hand for us not being together yet.
Good to know that!!! BTW, what's your daughter name and how old is she ?
Take everything in stride.
and beer. RT : Edge looks pretty rounded. You'll need a file and a nice afternoon.
What's up B... lol
Awww heard they had to kick you off for all of your fab spelling-- #smartymcsmartypants GRT 1st stage exp!
the most brilliant minds in govt and science see no common component: they are mystified!
The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang. - Mary Kay Ash
Oh, printer problems. You'll be the death of me.
Leaving town already? Nice to meet you all.
Love it!
On a more serious note i need to stop procrastinating
Another beautiful day! <3
So supposedly I have to sit in on some meeting, or something like that, I'm tired though! -_-
Happy mother's day to every mother out there. I love you.
Just heard a squirrel is caught in a power transformer on the police scanner, and I hope you're okay
Just heard there is now a Nandos pretty much in my old uni at Greenwich. If that that been opened while I was there I woulda got a 3rd.
Cute is what they aimed for, gay is what they got.
When's the last time we told you all that you're awesome? Because you are!
Lakers/Clippers >>>> your team
Then when are we going to hear from Coach Shurmur? If he was talking to the fans during the offseason we wouldn't bother MH
Whoa whoa.. is making some updates to my eyes.. I may be getting a new pair of colored eyes! I like where he is going with this
i know. they make me wanna buy them and take them home and knit them sweaters & teach them how to shake!
How is tomorrow only Monday? #sigh I need more eps to rewind!
2012: cool story bro 1886: interesting tale my fine companion
I will get Steven's most prized possession back from his ex. Can't believe she still might have it! Estúpida.
I've been on this bands stickam since 8 or 9! It's currently midnight! I think I have a new fav band!
#cl315 "And why should not my cheeks be starved and my face drawn?" (33)
Brewers with a WALK OFF win.
Go Bucky! RT : Our Road to the Final Four begins NOW! Good luck, Bo and and #ONWISCONSIN!
The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time...
And Zoe is a star in the rest of the season of Game Night! You get to see her in the promo at the end of Ep 1!
911 is America 's day to come together and remember!!!
Some Chipotle sounds good too.
Save me a taco!
thank you very muchh
my right knee won't stop TWITCHING!
I dont appreciate being challenged on things when all steps were tried & communicated, & someone stares at it for 10minutes & puts their
Yay! What's that mean?
RT : good win fellas... This is a good feeling..
maybe it's a nudge towards a style change or (insert private joke), just a feud ;-)
Let your past make you better, not bitter.
": "do u work for the news or ru just a really dedicated dad?"" Lol never heard that one before!
I'm so confused thanks..
JERSEY SHORE #YEAHHHHHHBUDDYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's my last one before I leave!
its okay ^__^
Looking outstanding :)
Ugh, can't sleep. I have an interview at ten and im up on twitter lol.
great I am loving it here :)
Can anyone recommend a good architectural and/or engineering firm in Little Rock, Arkansas?
Aww , Just making sure , cos i'm here !
yow wake up play game with coysin you zeet
what an amazing day! CONGRATULATIONS chasing! Now you ladies go out and celebrate! It's my holiday you know!
Somebody check on RG3. Please.
So not ruling out LT. RT : Lovie Smith on where Chris Williams will play: "We have options with him."
mama netty got our tickets :) ....my sister so juiced she get to see !
I'm dating the only guy on the planet who can't work a remote. I thought using a remote was a genetic requirement in men. I was wrong.
I just love waking up sick
returning to the world of PATO
All right, I'll send one over.
didn't know you played violin!
Hope everyone has a productive day!
Could not be said any better than that! :)
retweet that thing !!
Everyday is not about cleaning...
": Thinking bout that decision I have to make, it's not easy". What is it...masterbate or video game or nap??
"A tree is known by its fruit." (Zulu)
Don't mind if I do! (thanks for sharing.)
no better feeling in the world than finding that box of favorite summer dresses you thought you accidentally sent to Goodwill
Hanging out with the guys tonight. Getting ready to play Soma tomorrow night in SD and the Victorville event center sunday night!!!
Funny, but this was almost funnier without the photo!
The Greece situation will get worse before it gets better.
How awesome r u guys! Just getting the word out, businesses that need more exposure retail, restaurants startups contractors etc.,
So how are we supposed to learn when all you do is yell at us for sitting wrong.... Teachers<<<<
Go to tonight at 6:30pm for a #DonationBasedYoga class benefiting LASPCA. Enjoy yoga in the courtyard at sunset w/ a live DJ
Thanks to our listeners & guests for another amazing show last night. We are on every Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
This is where my heart takes over.
I want to go out with you Saturday night. I have an urge to get drunk and be bitchy to people.
Thought for today: Be yourself. There are enough other people. Keeping it sweet!
A2: Even though I live here I'm not a Jags or Gators, but I respect Tebow a lot. Jville on a whole is awaiting his return.
Saturday is National Drink Wine Day. Fine, but when, in the name of is National Drink Gin Day?
Hoping Peyton Manning doesn't go to the Titans. Isn't that where #Colts go to die?
So crazy.. IT. JUST. MIGHT. WORK.
After a great night @ the " GOT MARGARITAS" event, we are now giving you the "MOJITO CRAWL" ! ! ! ! When: Saturday June 18th - meet at 430p…
Finally got a new phone!!
Wife and I had our first class for becoming foster parents for special needs children. Exciting and scary all at the same time. :)
Glad things are back to normal
RELEASING A NEW TRACK TONIGHT! SPREAD THE WORD!
AVN is not even the same show I remember it being. Not just new venue but just different vibe all around. That and no dancing
watching! I'd love to know which character you all relate to the most!
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men
Insane Sushi Thursday. Rolls starting at $5 featuring DJ Fred X! We definitely think you deserve the night out!
Come see Seth and AyJay at icefest tonight! Going to be rad :)
I swear... It's a h8ter at evry corner I turn.
Keep a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Be thankful everyday for life. And discover the beauty of being on the water!
I want intimacy more than anything.
Uniformed sailors today are training in the midwest navy region naval base, a considerable amount of talented sailors come from the midwest
I wont hurt you.
Gonna have to stop listening until Martin is back. I'm devastated :(
To all the NYPD who are beating people senseless... Remember how out-numbered you are. I'm sure you'll be reminded soon too.
He deep stroke, and make me bite my fist.
Hi again Julie! We are looking into your problem right now and will contact you with info ASAP!
Our Anniversary today <3! Starting 3 months(:
It's warm again outside, isn't it..? Goddamnit, new Orleans. Just goddamnit.
There's nothing we can do to fight the power of sin on our own -
that's what I thought... I'll consider canceling your beat down if you pimp us to your friends.
OAA's today... That puts me in a good mood. Not.
As someone who was a contractor for years, that attitude makes me twitch so bad.
LOVE IT
Thanks for sharing! Are there any #nonbinary or #genderqueer YouTube collab channels?
I feel bad this special needs kid and her dad came in for an app she filled it out n her dad pulled me to the side n asked me to toss it out
I'm not even 18 and apparently I'm an Adult!! Hehe x
MT – Content precedes design. Design in the absence of content is not design, it’s decoration.
You put your arms around, and I believe that's easierfor you to let me go...
con't I made this decision for ME and I am aiming for HEALTHY - and hips and tits are slowly going too - and I look BETTER
nope, I'm with you!
check you DM
yeh I did !!!! lol thats y I said I will freak out if someone fone rings with all this screaming lol
Welcome to Instagram, Android users!
They have "top tweets" selected rather than all tweets.
I'm sorry, that just doesn't add up.
Bright Star Church knows how to have CHURCH!!!! Jeeeeeeezzzzz!!!!!!
they scare the shit outta me
hoping we stay in contact :-)
oh for sure, but pitfalls being what they are..."hips don't lie" to quote shakira.
tell ralph to get on twitter, if not i'm gonna be a mad person.. haha
Would love to hear more about this research.
Back when I was a kid, The only 'fake' friends I had were invisible ones.
hahaha so true!!!
Hey man! You should forreal do another stickam or ustream this weekend.
We follow your blog :-)
Her Facebook name is Miax Ioncare Mhp if you have her as a friend please tag her, if not add her so you can tag her.
another Miami Packers fan! Quite the rarity.
Tweet from my site.
This show is soo freakin cool I love it
You know id fall apart without you
Weekend without the 'rents >
Let's get some sort of result! Come on boys..
hey how are u doing
Can't wait for the "These Days" video shoot this Sunday!!!
Seriously need a break.
I'm a sucks for a female in a sundress
Watching the developments on the crisis in Haiti. I feel personally tied to this news story since my husband is Haitian.
I'm in the mood for bbq ribs.
I think airlines should let you exit the plane on the inflatable slide on your birthday.
Merry Christmas to you too!
Come down to te Euclid Tavern in Cleveland Fri Sept 30 for our live event! Just added local band Airwaves Ignite to the party list!
hella busy today. people are starting to sign up for the emails make sure you do also. hope you all are havin great days
that video is from last week
q2 - install programmable thermostat
Now: Sheela Jane Menon on Malaysian sense of masculinity
ok dr.phil
Nothing makes me happier than walking up to my car and finding a note on it. Shoutout to for making my day better after that test
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it. - Colin Powell
Finna text my brother .. Feeling kinda :/
Hide ur wife,ur kids,hide everything
You are wearing an OSU tshirt drinking a miller lite pitcher at 4 in the afternoon no you're not too girly
it was the whole 'what we hear'. So... you're saying u weren't actually there to see he was inconsistent? Got it. Lol
Hey Julie.
The profit will be donated to TABLE FOR TWO - providing school meals to children in Africa!
Why Mark Connor Resigned, Personal Reason #71: To audition for the role of Prop Joe in the Broadway adaptation of "The Wire".
the WSJ and Barron's need to stop the barrage of defamation against Warren Buffett over this whole Sokol issue. Warren did not know
RT : It seriously is just a matter of time before there's a year where the Vikings accidentally draft a golden retriever.
guard your happiness at ALL costs !!!! no :( faces over here hunnnnni !!!!
The first baseball game that I will be watching starts in 30 minutes, then I will be watching for the rest of the day.
My chief keef tweets> this 2chainz crap
Just plain Yogurt. RT Travel Movie: "Space Balls" John Candy, Pizza the Hut, an RV in Space. Gotta love it.
Yo I want to the Portal Doorway Shirt! Get it back in stock ASAP!!
Meet great #DNation runners this weekend at our first run with or at the & event on Feb. 9th!
Congrats! But I am glad your voice is sultry & sexier because of it. Ne Me Quitte Pas & Avec Le Temps melt me when u sing.
re: my last tweet. I vote Silicon Carriageway.
and he's straight
We're a trusted resource for facts, figures, analysis on key issues in college education today: prep/access, affordability, completion.
just do the right thing for christ sake
MY STEELERS WITH THE BEST POSSIBLE PICK AS ALWAYS.....THIS IS WHY WE ARE
Sales need to be prepared because time is currency! via
C**TY is #OneWordThatDescribesHer ... Ugh, she's so CATTY! #Gotcha!
Burnout them Shoulders get them ready for tonight in a nice V-Neck tee .. Need a lil #TLC <--
Favorite Picture Book Miss Rumphius
Great finish to USPGA not sure who I want to win both playing great golf. Just hope someone steps up & wins rather than it being given away
I'm sleepy but I don't want to sleep
yoi don't know. He could one say
TONIGHT IN ATL & FTL ITS NAUGHTY NURSES AND DIRTY DOCTORS .... PHILLY'S CELEBRATING SWING BREAK W/ FRAT NIGHT BYOB FOR BEER PONG & FLIP CUP
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces
jus woke up myself
sorry - but it'll be a pink court at the french - will be pink to celebrate something womanish.
stop embarrassing me
Don't nobody care about your bitch ass...your a sad excuse for a person breathing
There you go!
Thanks bro, doctors said everything is good.
theres snakes in the grass so i stay on concrete
Or you can just become a #bengals fan and find out first hand! u do realize you got my hometown dawg
Interactive kid shows are so annoying, shut up Steve we know you see the damn clue.
If you're stressed, close your eyes and imagine your favorite place in the world to be in and be calm wherever you are like at a empty beach
not much, just staying home and relax. You?
Hey Ryan, Happy New Year from Bermuda. It's New Years here already. If you can give us a shout out. All the best buddy! Peace!
Curious- what kind of theatre do you present and how big is the venue?
Bar specials Wed-Sat 25% off all Wines by the Glass, and all starters are $5 except antipasti platter.
We are interested in elevating our own voices and will make it happen thanks to other concerned parties
I love my mentees! Three cheers for Group 4 of the Artist Mentor Program
Thanks for the call! (Any (comm) port in a storm?) We're good, but 6 blocks make all the difference; streets closed all around.
no other way
Anybody else watching the NBA All-Star festivities this weekend?
thanks so much!
here's a good one "did you qa that before going to production?" "of course; I mean I loaded it in my web browser once." for real
Rondo definitely does NOT deserve a suspension for that love tap on the ref.
Couple more days left..
Women are so slow
I wish I had a older sibling
hook me up I need another bottle. Addicted to
Not Fitting in is the New Way of standing Out!!!!!
It's called hypocrisy. The GOP accumulated hundreds of billions in debt before Obama ever took office.
Let the nerds hate
First football practice tonight! Coed, not powder puff. Not quite sure what I've gotten myself into..
was unstoppable in his prime. I just watched him drag the kings in the 01 playoffs. He did the same to the Nets in the 02 finals.
www.WeBeGreater.com SF > LA T-shirts. January promotion - $5 off your order. Use coupon code WeBeJan at checkout. Go #SFGiants !
Listening to interview w/ Not sure my generation really grasps the level of genius
I thought telemarketing was a thing of the past?!
watched online but wasn't the same!
I would like to say tech. As far as politics... When you grow up in D.C. like an myself. Politics is a joke :/
I am the updated new negro.
Floyd set to make 100 mil on this fight biggest payday in boxing history!
In honor of Napoleon....
You look like AC Green, Bitch don't call here anymore
What are people's experience with dynatrace? Seems to give limited DB statistics though picking out the bind variables is nice
Suggestion – Second, Pupils also enlarge when people are talking about things that bring them joy or happiness.
;-) got to look out for him
Home Depot co-founder stresses philanthropy for businesses - The Brandeis Hoot
Many new followers today. Welcome! Media team back to full staffing next week when joins us. Pls call on us if we can help.
Pumpkin chili = delicious
So I'm 21 today, finals are done with til monday....What do I do now?
“: "is that girl out of my league?" "you don't have a league, you're a musician."” so so true!!!! Haha
I know //: haha I guess that's how Dustin Rolls (:< lol
The fam takes on a dessert called... "Chocolate Perversion"
Happiness held is the seed; Happiness shared is the flower. -John Harrigan
Lita Ford & Ozzie? :)
My english class started wit 36 ppl....now there's only 10 of us 😳
": So whats with that weave? LOL I go to a ratchet ass school." thats what i be saying.haha!
My parents were sexy mfkrs when they were young. Thats why i'm milking my looks now :)
I can't believe just got me with #aprilfools. Time to go to sleep in CA and wake up to the 2nd - free of dumb pranks.
Where my followers at
Awesome! Thanks! :) RT : I just got 15 pictures. So now I have 18 pictures! Guess whose uploading at 3AM (PST)? ME! #GetStoked :)
I usually prefer tall, dark & handsome.
I'll be there... late, most likely!
Can't wait for this!
Ronnie Lee Twist and the Future Cats getting ready to do Rockabilly show at The Vintage Car show Bellevue Nashville! My first tweet!
So thankful to be feeling better tonight. God is good all of the time. I praise Him whether I'm in pain or feeling well. :-)
The elements of a purpose filled life are joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. #Gal522,23
same. My aunt is in her mid 50's. We were joking around & I said I wish i was just a groomsmen. Im good at full scale productions
Goodnight and Goodbye - Jonas Brothers
#NFL owners just voted to ratify a proposal for a new cba, we could be an hour away from the end of the #lockout!
": Early & Often" obviously not talking about catching the ball
Such a boring night
Tonight's the night! #UrbanIslandParty starts in t-minus 8 hours!
Yeah me either... Almond milk? :)
Harriet Fulbright College organizes each year various activities but its picnic is the most famous one.
The fresh feeling I get from creating can't be compared to any other!
theres something I've always wanted to tell you.
how about war on G.S.A. lets talk about that..thats a talking point
lol I meant I'd twitter after dark to you first. I'll hold off tho. Come nap wiff me
kinda cool and overcast, but ill deal ;)
My friends ask me why I love you & I showed them ur freestyle.. Yepp im pretty sure they're watching ur videos nonstoo now.
happy birthday :)
aww good! Lol but ill Miss him climbing & jumping all over me haha
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla!
we beat you twice this year tho....twice.
im glad to hear that :) dont worry im not trippin just hit a brotha up once in a while
The Hunger Games sounds like the title of a stupid reality show on TLC about anorexic people who do extreme sports.
When we hit 300 followers, we'll #giveaway a free copy of the journal to 5 of the 300 - please share w/ friends to get us there faster
Who wants to go to the beach?
Big Sean verse is fire on that Burn track
College = No Parents. Grad School = Responsibility. Enjoy the two extra years!
just making twitter-verse conversation
Miami got exposed. No depth, streaky shooters, not a great rebounding team. And they still suck in a halfcourt offense.
check out the new PPI website at www.ppipoker.com
This headache <<< 😔
Note to teens: Rachel made a
why does everyone feel like they have to swing at the first pitch they see in a big spot?
By a tranquil mind I mean nothing else than a mind well ordered.
Come on down to the BOA Rink for Indie Arts Fest. Free roller derby bout: Robots vs. Zombies at 5:30 pm on 7/31!
On the road to Charleston, SC, for a show with the New Music Collective, after a great night in Greensboro NC.
A very happy belated to miss ! She's directing/producing 100TH MONKEY EFFECT this April - auditions later this wk
Come see us for lunch AND dinner on Thursday for Dining Out For Life to benefit Great cause!
so nice meeting you! I love your little pup!!!!!
Looking forward to being at AAM in Minneapolis next week!
Take a break from the summer heat & join us for Happy Hour from 4-7!!! 1/2 price glass wine, beer & cocktails!!!
Give the world the best you have and the best will come back to you. Madeline Bridge
"Lawyers and Revolution: Political Mobilization and Professional Power in Tunisia" Eric Tobe
RANDOM QUESTION: Since it's Presidents Day (and no one ever really cares), who is your favorite American president of all-time?
Have you heard of Thomas Place on University? We are leasing for Fall 2012! These great units have Tvs and soundbars! Call 612-703-RENT
If your not FUNNY...I will not tolerate you!.
awesome! It's been too long. I had no idea you had a twitter account.
When people tweet but don't answer texts #ouch lmao
Just about looked like we had ourselves a hockey fight in the #SportingKC game. That would of been AWESOME!
I give u glory i give u praise but the enemy did not triumph....
At checking out #tortoiseandblonde glasses while spins!!
el oh el.
She then tries to get back at me by goin to a niggas house at 4am....lol that shits crazy...
We are downtown at the Farmers Market today between 10 am and 1 pm! Stop by Market Square to visit and meet our new AmeriCorps members!
I'm currently developing scissors that automatically apply a soothing non itch aloe lotion specifically for trimming pubes.
our school it just awful -_-
Tiffany made me teriyaki chicken stir fry =]
PAYA in West Chester, PA will be starting an hour early due to weather issues. It will be from 11am - 2pm tomorrow 8/27. Hope to see you!
I've never actually priced picture books of the #academic variety...will have to search Amazon just to be informed :)
What do I do after school?
I'm still on the Shadam train, if not them I do want Adam to have someone, perhaps Eden - would make Michael's head explode
Dad took his girlfriend to the American Legion for breakfast. I'm at home eating strawberries and watching Premiere League in my PJs. I win.
havent laughed this much in a while :')
#icandothat change the world!
Shit hit the fan.
☼ The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary. Vidal Sassoon
Thats all I ask. hey maybe will wanna join us when we get olives tatted on our chips and whips?
Tonight's agenda for City Council meeting includes the 2012-13 budget recommendation, trash disposal services, report on downtown PAC & more
thanks man! Couldn't do it without fans like you! \m/
#2BeHonestJustcuzI get stuff before u don't mean I'm spoiled kmy birthday just comes a couple of days before Xmasgosh y'all
Idea: a USB cord that charges your iPhone from the power of your cycling on an exercise bike
so you can't text back? 😔
October 14th, San Francisco. I shouldn't be this excited about running 13.1 miles, but I am. All signed up for the NWM!
Dear hipster with your 70s glasses and pedophile mustache- that look makes your flirt face predatory and creepy.
Never feels good enough for you ..
Hahaha. Ditto. Had to turn mine off. Notifications from NYT, WaPo, msnbc, CNN & USAToday apps were too much.
Special S/0 to all of the new followers who support
At school talking to some of my fav people =]
MIA is amazing! DJ up in the classical galleries, with an abundance of desserts!
I'm new to the vegan club and the chocolate protein is helping me stay energized! Huge fan :)
Alaska seems like an amazing and beautiful place :) would love to make it out there one day
Only a month til kickoff and the start of the Mike London era. Richmond vs. U.Va. - Sept. 4 at 6:00.
Thanks dude! RT :
On your birthday, I'm thinking of you and the cake I would jump out of for you.
Thank you for following. I am sending you a direct message shortly. Take care.
Sake bombs !
#FirstWorldProblems RT That was the most disappointing McFlurry from E.P. McDonald's I've ever eaten. Literally zero mix in.
Come on Capitals you can do this. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Gosh, I think I heard Picasso scream as loudly as Munch.
YES RT : Going to a Ted Nugent concert/hate speech today... Do you think a pro-Obama t-shirt is a good idea?
good to see you guys too! Good luck on the rest of finals! Praying for #Younglife camp too!
Loving the Derby Collection!
My dad is the most annoying person ever!
thats ratchet as hell...well i enjoyed your videos and like micheal said u were gone to soon.lol!
Come on, man! Huey's got those golden pipes! Huey Lewis and the News > Train
imy too buddy! Text me!
#ItsHardTo love someone who loves you too much #toneitdownnegro lol
Girl, I was nearly shaking I was so nervous!
RT : Are you a C21 #VIP Loyalty Member? RT this if you are!
3.8 trillion bottles of beer are expected to be consumed to make Madonna's #SuperBowl halftime show tolerable.
Don't sit around and wait for an opportunity to happen to you, make it happen yourself, by getting out and doing it :)
you are my AI!!!The best! Superstar! keep going. You don't need Idol to be a star!!!
I think that's ok as long as you haven't worked for a company that cuts down the rainforest to build condos and strip malls.
Uff baby u make me smile more and more each day!!":)<33
Just sitting here watching RT or follow or tweet people and im sitting here like #foreveralone :/
I really should be doing something productive than eating apricot stilton and watching football.
Obsessed with "Cry" by Kelly Clarkson <3 So much emotion put into the song.
i'm really craving some delicious Coney Mckanes pie today!
lol that was going to be my second guess!
Don't miss FuseBox Theatre: The Craigslist Show - this Saturday at 8pm at Cafe Coco. 2-for-1 tickets at fuseboxtheatre.com/secret
new rule: xmas music shld not be played on radio until after thanksgiving... just saying!
So I might be an uber loser nerd who is overly excited for her clock/scale she just got from Ikea!
Super late night at the office and I'll still get home earlier than I used to.
Yes (: Got 2 more songs for this tape!
never know what's ur gonna get
thank you for sharing! Hope to see you there!
It's good to be back! ;-)
Telling someone "I had a dream about you" is code for: I had a dream we fucked and now I want to.
Spent the afternoon at Flowers, bees & butterflies... already! And lots of photos taken. Bliss.
okay i just have this weirdd feeling...ima get this twitter to 250 followers by tonight<3
Shhhh! Don't tell anyone. It is between you and me.
I figured I should tweet more. So... here it is!
Yes !! Same here always!! Until next time <3!
is loving this beautiful day.... Though a lil negativity was thrown at me, i conquered and today is Fabulous!!!!!!!!!!
Sometimes it scares the hell out of me that time will never go back.
Friday the 13th is your lucky day -
Ironically no GOP politicians claiming to be "the most Pro-Life candidate" mention their rush to war or love 4 the death penalty
Good Fight, Mayweather is gonna win it.
Hopefully or Rachel Crow will win Xfactor since Drew gone :(
": Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give."
Y'all I'm so dang hungry!!
Can any guys tell the difference between air or blowed dried hair??
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight for the concert. We had an amazing evening of worship!!
I beat the pussy up!
I feel like that most of the time.
At the club with !
Refreshingly few iPads at this conference.
Ordered my couches! Interview tomorrow.. So far so good :p
desire to finish school, become a millionaire, travel the world, or to save the lives of millions, if you have passion, you will succeed!
Started my morning running barefoot in 20* weather after the city tow truck... since I kind of made my own parking spot last night :/
yes i do
If u gonna complain about how I do something, don't ask me to do it first place. Do it yourself next time.
RT : just finished Robert K. Elder's () The Film That Changed My Life. so so so good.
I've added easy to follow links and info to The Right Side of History on my website. Please check them all out and help!...
definitely the third house
Super grumpy today for no apparent reason. Blah.
WMYB IS ON AGAIN!!! Bam! Third time in one car ride haha
You can close your eyes, don't worry. I'll still be here in the morning. <3
Side note: a female reddit isn't going to help women get their voices heard. Separating women out just widens the gap.
i cant tell..2 busy w/this hubby, that i cant wait 2 meet..when r yall coming to the ATL
Had lunch with a gal from yesterday (Hi Lauren!) -- they're just awesome :)
Ever feel like you're the only one in the world not getting penetrated at a particular moment?
If I ever fart so hard that I get a heart-attack the headline should say: Hart's fart made his heart not start
“ “ If money grew on trees then i'd go rake leaves 🍃🍂🍁””
#FF recommendations More of our gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers You are the best!
sleepin in on a monday >
Trained the "baby sharks" today at Davis Wright Tremaine LLP
On my way to the compound in ATL. Maybe i'll go see what big boi and andre 3000 are up to.
I've always wanted to go to Vermouth.
What up Fam?!
How does "posting notices" on the "wrong ends" of electromagnetic networks -- the poles -- create communication archives?
Sf resident just asked how austin weather is. I said violent! Lol
Im a girl that dont care alot of things,i do stupid things and i make mistake sometimes.
RT LOL&inspiring! Nothing is unachieveable if you are prepared to work psychotically hard. Marie R.
I have so many books! It's kinda frightening. We've castle of books, many hold things long forgotten.
Aww thanks for your kind words! Thanks for supporting the movement
Awesome day already! New commercial! Class, finished my dance combination, test and no parking ticket!Thank you Universe!!! Life is good!!
: That's 3pm MONDAY in RWC.
A home theater or a surround sound patio would be an awesome way to make mom smile!
$GOOG doesn't say there's no such thing as a right to display snippets; just that it's #fairuse in search context.
In the city you go home. In the country you are home.
Three burritos? Dang son. That's a lot of beans...
If Tea Party protesters were pepper sprayed, arrested and detained, how would the media respond?
": got ya girl wet; super soaked her !"
that could have been a bonus for her. ;)
"#O4L: One thing the devil cant manipulate is your integrity.. Dont sacrifice it for any cost!!!" #Killuminanti #Black jesus
Installed new brakes on my bike by myself for the first time. So if you don't hear from me ever again, there you go...
twitter.com/howardkurtz does a George Plimpton - has a star turn in film as a blogger, including a v memorable scene with
Tonight, we JAM. Join us as brings the funk for a good cause tonight with Chicken Wire Empire!
RT Hey baby why don't u come over to Myspace. I'll let your Twitter my Yahoo until I Google all over your Facebook.
I think you should follow me? (:
Not sure why gets mad about being trolled when he spent his week trolling Clay Travis.
I just wanna cry and be with my dadd forever....
Happy Thanksgiving all! Enjoy the football games and the turkey.
Thanks! RT : The annual Zombie crawl is this Sat- trying to break a world record - wonder what I could do to promote that event?
Stomach hurts going to bed early :-)
Not really but kind of.
Thanks for the follow! Would love to chat , social media, and SD with you sometime
We wish to thank all who have served in the Armed Forces. We honor you today and every day and thank you for your service.
Don't mess with my turtle shell.
No bullshit drama, I'm just going to do me and live it up tonight!
so I bought into the buzz about the FuelBand API. Asked a question and got a blend answer: No public API. How about an early beta?
same here.
why doesn't Andie Graph in the android market support Ginger version ?
when are you going to the library?
Thank you God for this BEAUTIFUL day!!
See, this is why I'll never be a Seahawks fan. Go #STEELERS!
About to ease on down the road to Nectar.
I think I just found the quietest place on earth and it's not the library? Any guesses? Hints to come...
follow Cali D. Productions
Woo! Looks great!
Classy and handsome just like him. Can't wait!
I'm appearing on the Maintaining & Managing Your App panel today at Mediabistro's Publishing Expo - See you there?
(3/6) Sticker-shock analysis of "that's a high number and it's therefore too high" is not a useful way to analyze finances.
tonite.tonight.730pm 4 new songs and one not new song :) see you there!!1
Not going to be at #ImagineRIT? Watch this account Saturday. We will be tweeting about all the coolest events all day long.
Alex's remake video of nice guys ... Is like replaying in my head ... (; -Ally
Cats are cute(:
Can someone please explain how is leading a war against Marriage?
I really want to see #dictator when it comes out!
The real costs of owning a car When buying a car, think beyond the purchase price. To understand a car's real cost, take into account how
and now you retweeet your sister
I wanna go to a tractor pull this summer. They are surprisingly entertaining
Damn Pierce.
can these people next to me on the metro stop making out...
Were inviting you to come to our Sushi & Champagne Dinner Party Saturday Night at 9:30.
I worry that Mitt Romney is a robot or sociopath. <robotvoice> "These work units must be...eliminated"
Requesting "So Many Girls" by on
Here We Come will rock Tonight #Wicked :D
Heading to the #budlightplatinum party tonight at Midland.
What you doing!!
seems so long ago. these 4 have had such a stranglehold on the top 4, it really is crazy.
Tonight's menu: pan seared jerk tilapia w/ peas & rice.
just been sick, trying to recover...you.?
TY for following us.
waching the voice
Sunny, chilly morning, might need a Vanilla Mint Latte with a Blueberry muffin for breakfast.
Dressing up homophobia as racism . . . Yuck!
WTH - going on vaca tomorrow and now my nose starts acting like i have a cold. Not today germs and allergies GO AWAY!!!
absolutely. And it is a huge shift for many teachers to let go of control and become master learners.
got kidnapped by George Bush. He took you to yo grandma house
me nd the girls hittin club ice tonight <3
Daniel Franklin at #ideaseconomy: I am routinely optimistic about the US economy and it's ability to reinvent itself.
Please tell me you guys had a good week of Practice!
The Avengers was awesome! Loved it all the action is amazing! :)
Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It’s what separates us from the animals…except the weasel.
Wtf Im starting to trip out.! O.o
Relationships fail not because they are destined to fail. They failed because one of the two or both, made a choice to give up.
I'm glad you're happy! Start drinking coffee in the morning. It will curb your appetite and promote digestion.
can't today - love to tomorrow...
It's kind of stupid that he would lie like that... it only makes him more enemies lol.
OMGawd. I love you Jason, I needed this for my MJ biography. :-)
I used to defend #Bryz, but #Flyers are back square one, goaltending. #FlyersTalk.There is no possible way homer can bring him back
Twitter is lame, and the funny part is it looks cooler than Facebook. But, I think Facebook just has that cool ashy look to it. haha. ;) lol
thanks for the
Wanna cuddle with the love of my life right now..
Making collections calls
Been to the desert lately? My favorite time of the year in the far east county - lots of dry heat and great deals at places like the Palms.
The Laps Around the Lake event has been canceled tonight because of the rain.
I swear I'm about to break this Mario Golf disk. Tiger Woods would go +10 on this stupid level.
yo Life when u gonna record the track I sent u from Left Field
With and having a blast
Want to compost? Learn the basics with Jeremy Brosowsky at 1:55 pm. At the DIY salon on the farm field!
Maybe I'm just getting too old for comedy. It's getting harder to make me laugh. I've heard it all already~
shit. This BETTER happen...I won't tell Chad. Shhhh.
REMINDER: 30TH APRIL MY EPISODE ON THE HAUNTING HOUR AIRS ON THE HUB NETWORK!! I PLAY A ROBOT!!! U GUYS EXCITED?
Q3B: Dark for hubby, milk for kid and me
Borrow a truck from for that weekend home improvement project.
What do you do after a successful month? I'm going to Disney! We are on our way to take little man to see Mickey.
May the 4th be with you :)
Candlebox - Believe In It by amazing song!!!!! can't wait to hear the new album
Look forward to your tweets!
My dog ate my copy of the Alinea book! Well the cover...
great to see you at the Madison East store event with Randall Cobb yesterday!
i seen him in it and i was like ah marry me NOW !
This is gonna sound so gay, but when will someone decent actually like me?
Working on social media cohesion... thank Gaea for tweetdeck!
Sanzenbacher a german name? Sans meaning without. Bacher mean Backing. So really its German for Cutler than right?
Phone, iPad, and Computer all charging, all in preparation for #wcphilly day 2!
I'm sexy and I know it.
Haha. Well I look forward to it!
I never thought i'de miss you.
Broken foot, torn ligaments and tissue damage. . . #gohardorgohome uuuggghhhhh :(
When following someone on twitter or FB, etc... do you prefer: 1. To be entertained 2. To be informed3. 3. To be overlooked.
: Thanks for the retweet! We're so excited to partner with for this year's Real Food Campaign!
i found obama!
I dream of purchasing the purple animal Dyson. I talk to it in stores as if it can hear me.
Far too excited about these things, but realized that w/ AirPlay mirroring, you can watch Hulu+ from iPad2 through AppleTV2. Now on to Wed!
lol ikr. I just want some wings. And chill with the names
holy shit the twitter account totally doesnt make their "religion" look/seem like a blatant cult/scam for idiots. (sarcasm.)
Sarah Jane had sonic lipstick. Maybe it's pink?
Thank you !
don't sweat the technique
Dear colleagues, if you really want me in 12 back to back meetings today, bring me iv hydration.
But that's illegal!
That's what I keep tellin people
The service you do for others is the rent you pay for the time you spend on earth.
"Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets."
can't wake up... this calls for drastic measures... Misfits Away! Static! Static! Static!
Just bought a domain name via
Keep the faith brother...keep the faith.
Happy BIRTHDAY!!! I think the rain is supposed to go away!
What a slamming night I'm rockin salt is making this kitchen smell so good. I the way thanksgiving smells!
Next Wednesday is CENTER CITY SIPS! Come to the Wrap Shack as we blow it out of the water with these awesome Specials: $5 Cocktails: Don ...
Come to JH025 tonight for 's last meeting of the year!
did people show up? How was it? I feel rusty -- haven't trained since Nov
same here :/
It's cold and rainy in DC. How about a little "I've Change My Plea to Guilty"?
Tommy I still refuse to acknowledge such a substance with a name.
She was spread eagle for a good 20 minutes. It was adorable . Oddly enough.
I have noticed, if you drive the speed limit everywhere you go, it takes a lot longer to get to where you're going.
“: Okay, I'm doing it. Watch CNN Saturday Morning (tomorrow). I promise to say at least one inappropriate thing.”//Yep u did!
You so need to market that
So much work! So little time.....
What's Goody Out-there Vi-Life People!!! It's Another "Fabolous Friday" Let's Get It In!)
Observing at a school for 6 hours today #fallbreak more like
Right?!? RT Wait Sheriff ! Don't go!
yea dats watsup so wat r u up to
wait, you know i can't go to the jmoms right? :( my mom wont let my go without my sister...
I doubt it but thanks.
where did you get this? "There is a huge gap between reality and its possible representations..."? Anyone? Speaks to my soul.
Have to cancel our plans for tomorrow morning w/ my boo sorry but me dont feel well anymore :(
hey lucky! yeah i shouldve done the same, but i never filed. oh well and oh i just myspaced u! lol (low life i know)
Woo ha
Finally at the barber tho getting dis hawk redone
Not done yet, but tonight was tough and will be hard to bounce back from. Hoping somehow it's a Yotes/caps final.
I see $12 section 443 Row J for 2-14 tickets on stub hub
I saw that last night
it looks like your "pneu" chocolate cake from that angle!
Wrong turn still freaks me the f***k out
Tyler Penny Can!
Sometimes people can be to nice, then they regret their decisions
easy. They're on a rapid release cycle now. There was nothing wrong with v4. :-)
Gearing up for on Aug. 28. Announcing participating chefs, breweries, wineries soon! www.digindiana.org
we'll we definitely have to get a beer, well be in Germany! ha! Gabe's working on his speeches right now. See you there! :-D
ok..and stop eating so much Chinese food
Blinn/Galveston is now live. 4 of their 5 games this season went down to the final inning. So you might want to listen before u go to sleep
0-0 after the first half... Mexico is getting the majority of possession, but Honduras is playing very well defensively...
Hii...Great I Cant Get Into My Account Again=(
Spent evening with Alexander Manu, as he discussed Disruptive Business: Desire, Innovation and the Re-Design of Business. Fascinating guy.
I'm a fast runnaa
haha yes imma write another rap.
in the line up yes, face offs not really, Beagle would've got much more ice time then Halpern did
Landmark #sandiego bay cleanup on brink of approval.
whats up!!!! What color was you?????
haha fuck yes! RT Damn I thought I had a good sticker!!! See you soon for some shenanigans?
Found this Dave Matthews quote in old notes: "It's not like the death of the record company is gonna kill music. It's going to kill them."
koo I'm off at 2
#baby sleeping, Steve Wilkos Show in TV, all I need now are donuts.
was just thinking about that phrase - kicked the can down the road - that used to be a fun game, not a bad thing, right?
thanks bro, appreciate it!
cannot wait until summer...it's going to be a good one!
only a fool makes foolish remarks..............but not only an ass can have a hole
"First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you." F. Scott Fitzgerald - Happy Weekend Tweeters!
Will the leftovers be coming to the Journalism Librarian's Lehman office? ;)
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family. - -Marlo Thomas
Do audiences need to watch Titanic again & in 3D? Whose idea was this? James, you don't need the money. The exhibitors put you up to this?
Stop my Marvin Center lobby and Donate to the Whitman-Walker Clinic! We have cupcakes, brownies, condoms and info on HIV/AIDs!!
#BackInElementarySchool I shit my pants once or twice
Thank you for retweeting Friday's Facebook password article!
For anyone who missed new doc check it out at SVA tonight at 9:30!!
Camp Lazlo was the shit for a while...
I was only mad cuz of that but yet you make the biggest deal . Calm down . Ill live , but it cant always be about you .
... Is James there?
Thanks for the RT of my #MissYouDad tweet last night.
I am very davastated....and confused...I need to pull all the facts together and see what my choices are...
Umstead hike, full body massage and a tequila dinner!
Come hang out at the Mango reception free drinks folks
Say hi to & if you see them working their marketing genius out in Pewaukee today!
Ooooohhhhhhhhh he said she ain't got NO NIPPLES!!!!!!!!!
the geological reports for the LA regional connector are pretty interesting re the relative depth of bedrock.
So... This white boy just asked me did I get the new future album yet, lol
I wanna be on jerseylicious
Epic service tonight! If anyone missed it they really missed a treat!
Dworkin: looking for the inverse, ie what kind of language practices are produced by organized listening
sorry cant talk now, working on v important project wherein I transcribe all of eagles' greatest hits on tiny squares of paper w watercolors
Does Brad Pitt ever age? Doesn't seem like it
are you talking about the "Instant Personalization Pilot Program"
m tacos! send a pic!
It's a Creative Cause/Take Charge Indy type day
TWINS! WHY DO YOU NOT IBB AVILA TO GET TO RABURN!? HE'S A GUARANTEED DOUBLE PLAY!
Today was a great day!!
Always so cool when I return to twitter after a long absence, to see familiar folks - makes the world seem safe, yanno?
Tomorrow is my 5 year! Congrats! RT : 2mrrw is my 7 year anniversary 2 the beautiful
leave my boi alone!
The Battle of Florida has some of the TOP players from UM in the game. Jan .thebattleofflorida.com over 11 FL colleges
Some of our band will be working on on July 1st in Houston,TX for The Sunshine Project! So come help and see us!!!
depends. Where are you going to put it?
I feel the same way every damn time. It's infuriating.
Online and social #fitness is not boring, it's a shame the #sxfit panel was. Oh well.
Day 2 of WI, and I've eaten cheese curds, seen snow fall, made gravy from scratch--and I just ate cheese w/ bacon in it. Hello, Wisconsin.
Google calender has a new look! Time for me to purge my calender of old college relics I no longer need.
Congrats to alumna and adjunct professor Jennifer Kruschwitz, named 2012 Tech Woman of the Year by ! (via )
awesome site!
I need food w.e a mimir <3
Its opening day, but if you get downtown too early for the parade and need something to do, we're open 11-2.
RT this if you love me and every one else because we are your fans
based on the last four years, you and Obama have almost nothing, politically, in common. How is this this a good thing?
...Merry Christmas you and yer family also. Enjoy the holidays.
At the time, getting a dark red manicure seemed like fun idea. 4 days later w/2 major chipped nails? Not so much. Need polish change now. :(
WOO adventures!
Sitting beside at the thunder game
you can for me and my daughter bishop Hillard! I'm believing God for a break through w/her.
You Got To Sang Along.
Great story on how made his way into marketing world of sports w/ 's Fuel to Play60 & #NtlDairyCouncil at Priority's event
Exciting news! I am grateful for the opportunities ahead! Just one step closer, waiting on the final call. Fingers crossed.
I feel like giving away some Gabriel Iglesias tickets out now in the 7 @ 7 Countdown...turn on Kiss 97.3! #7 is Rihanna "Talk That Talk"
Thanks for the # FF and back at ya!
Oodles of Noodles.
I managed to somehow go through the process of switching my email to the new system only to find I had switched to the wrong system.
No signal on any of the networks and can't connect to any either. Could earlier. Will check in morning
Thank you for following me!! =)
My cat, who can read, just said acerbically, "and the problem with that is what?"
Good start. Began the day with some banjo, which is a tricky thing to do without waking everybody up.
yeah it's sad.
I'll come by sure brother
Ballet was so slow and lame, but the rest on the day was GREAT! ( : #Yay!
Dow says there's been division on current BOD
It's #TagItTuesday! Stop by Amazon & hit the like & "agree with tags" button for your fave authors.
Tonight at 7:30pm check out the recent film Facing Windows.
Girls growinq up TOO fast to be a dummie && boysNOT Growinq up enouqh to Be a man
Cool Tweeters to follow!
great/fun read. hope you're having to cook your hubby something nice tmrw! keep it rollin'.
Movie Review: Girl In Progress
A closed mouth never gets fed. Ask & you shall receive. "So I say to you: Ask and it will be given to you...." Luke 11:9
Hey, dude sitting in your car outside my house. Turn down the bass a bit.
It sucks when you lose someone you have who is a father figure/great brother & your bestfriend.. It sucks to have a hole in your heart..
if you can do it great if not we get it.
Nice roomate! Looks delicious.
lmfao. they stayed for at least an hour. maybe they wanted to sleepover...
great movie. Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
Anyone else kind of concerned that Kim Kardashian's sex tape lasted longer than her marriage?
I am leaving Twitter. I hate it, it's becoming ridiculous and I WANT OUT. You REAL friends of mine know where to find me. Love U Steven.
I don't like that I saw you for a minute yesterday! Can we have a baking date? Make pies and stuff... From scratch.
Jordan rose.
and need to come and get me and !!!!!!
#OhShizznettttt ! Congratulations on the win(:
dont talk to me.
Thank you very much!
WOW!!!! Just did a fullbody workout first time in about 2 months and I'm worn out. I can't go another 2 months before working out again.
Oh, how I miss brisket and hot links
#everytwittertimeline has that one person who is so FUNNY :)
I can't wait to see what you guys do after this. And also Im praying for a dh reunion movie or episode
oh I'm sorry Nancy. My thoughts and prayers to you and your family
“: Which liquor stores are open today in da county” go outside the county...no?
stressed like crazy.
The BCPSS leadership torpedoed a common sense plan for school construction funding and this is what we get? Baltimore deserves better.
RT “: Stevens has played 11 guys so far tonight...3 who haven't seen the floor are the 3 walk-ons”
is trumbo on track to be halos 3rd baseman opening night?
Interest rates on savings are extremely low, almost nonexistent. Your savings account is actually a loan to your bank, a free loan.
Give back to the community & Text to Volunteer!! :) text BCVOLUNTEER to 27138 to subscribe to text message updates.
It's one of those "just get through one more day" types of days at work. :-\
There's baseball at CONSOL Energy Park this week! 4/2: Trinity vs Thomas Jefferson @ 7 pm; 4/3: Penn State vs Greater Allegheny @ 2 pm
well I think the NYC context is a different beast, in denoms (Redemeer has this problem probs more than others) and nondenoms.
Not yet. I'm still looking. I ordered business cards to hand out. You can see at my pics if you'd like. Thx for asking. :)
your Nickleback trick didn't work. Line at Haileys = damn! Time for plan B
. Good work on the grades piece
last year we showcased some of our favorite neighborhoods and /
Eric Clapton Unplugged
Oh yeah
ON SALE??! Hell yeah, off the fence, purchasing now. aka #trendsetter. cc
I did not receive it. . Pls re-send it.
well maybe if you spent more time on adventures you wouldn't have to correct spelling on twitter
OMG WHERE?! I LIVE IN LA :O
that's just dandy that we agree
hell no lmao. And my bad ☺
what high schools are in Johnson county? Olathe and Shawnee mission?
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. ~ Oscar Wilde
must see tv in 30 minutes! 48 HRS MYSTERY: FACEBOOK DETECTIVES on CBS!!!
And where is Waldo? I mean Bill ? continent jumping rocks.
RT : Derek is a versatile DT who plays with great intensity! He can do a lot of things for us on the defensive line.
haha yes they are so white (: or was that a norwal they have horns so no its the beluga wales that are white (:
T.T Guise. She no love me no moe.-A
im am what u talkin lol muahhhhh i feel better im ready to act crazy now i got hella energy
Need a haircut this week? Call Strange Beauty Show and get $10 off your cut (773) 252 - 9522.
Makeup Tip: Clean your mascara wands frequently....Ewe!
Griping about my tenant not giving me a 30 day noticed. 4 bed room house for rent.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
WELL HELLO THERE :)
": Who up #Alone" always up hey
preparing my first live-slide session for tomorrow's #change11 talk: who knew blank slides took more prep? damn pesky questions.
T-5 hours until I am DONE with the semester. Pray my finals go smoothly today (3 of them). I am greatly anticipating this freedom!
I feel you there are only a hand full of ppl i trust ppl are fuckin dogs shit eating dogs
ok :P
miss you
Enjoy your time here in DC !
I have a story idea for ya for next week... DM me
Apparently I've reached the stage at which the Starbucks barista knows what I want without me telling him....
I love that it is like this!
Well your son will be known for having the"Hot Mom"
I ran today. Ten points for me.
the power fans at is all about F.U.S.E.
Grey's Anatomy. Oh my god lets just give me a fucking heart attack.
The WH's mysogyny is showing,and it's fear of self assertive citizen population, who are the ones that vote.
I'll take the under.
This man in Toyota just told this woman b/c her kids are 8 and 13 she must have had her kids at 16 b/c this is Memphis. Smh...
✌& Much ❤. That's my motto, spread it.
whatever; professional standards should be free anyways
Damned If I Do And Damned If I Dont How To Fuck The World With My Chest Full Of Smoke.
Good morning :) may everyone have a good day!<3
thanks for the reward video today I was surprised but it was cool thanks again looking forward to the album
thats not cool and def not intentional
#Np GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME
I have lessons learned, not regrets.
WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS OF PINKBERRY? A great tasting & healthy frozen yogurt with nonfat & lowfat flavors that are packed with live &...
It's a football score now at Marlins Park. 7-0. Dolphins over the Bears... Like that would ever happen.
my brother and fam is actually out there right now. U guys should connect before they leave.
Thank u :) #NF u back RT : Following
we play next Friday at Riverwest Public House, then we're going into hibernation for a while.
Began the school day with an essay about how cooking lobsters alive should be considered animal abuse. Ended the day with lobster ravioli.
Investigation into City Hall masonry may cost another $1.3 million
hey hows you? :)
Tomorrow night, join for a series of short #LGBT films, a part of
Applesauce and Starburst candies make for a well-balanced, totally legitimate lunch, right?
Had some delicious rice flour dumpling-like things in Hanoi tonight; hope the mystery meat wasn't dog.
No matter who tries ti teach lessons about life, u wownt understand it until u go thrugh it on ur own
I don't know. Maybe this I the kind of thing where they're all terrible in their own special way.
Just saw KE$HA at Lax!!!!!
Rewrote the entire upcoming DnD encounter. Maybe now the PCs will be "challenged" more. BWAHAHAHA.
Off to my favorite restaurant with my favorite person... That's YOU Pink Door! That's YOU Ian!
You're awesome!! Thank you so much! :)
one other note...a friend of mine went to the same high school you did..she graduated by the time you went there though..
Its gonna be one long day
Making a list of my stolen guitars from 2002 that I want to replace. My $800 Tele thinline? I found one. Over $2k. Thanks thieves!
Wishing a great day and hoping it's as lovely in Chicago as it is in D.C.!
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. --Jamie Paolinetti
Sending thoughts and prayers to the family & friends of the Yaroslavl Lokomotiv hockey team & to former Brad McCrimmon. So sad:(
Exodus 22:2-23 "Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan. If you do, and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry."
Uhm...i think i should UNFOLLOW SOME PEOPLE. This is definitely not nicee at all.
Yep.. It's official. I'm dying. Why is my stomach hurting so bad?!?!
Best moment of my day.......... Watching on UStream <33333 #daycomplete!!!
": The A will be half empty this afternoon for game 1 of the playoffs #fact"< 13 fans......white shirts will cover the seats
Little Dragon and Damon Albarn duet
No time for bullshit
Good job!
Really successful day yesterday -- Thanks to for having us and !!
Dear twitter bootstrap havily-based and barely-customized websites. You look boring.
never give up...he might!
Looking to get your company's name out there in the Milwaukee area? Nalani has got you covered.
Very nice thus far... Keep it up :-)
The BoyfriendVideo is very good and has loved too much swag video Justin ... we love is very good. RT if you like!! LOvee Youu
Finishing up a grant and the first draft of our annual report today, gotta love Friday deadlines :)
You know, I've never been there, but I've heard good things. Will check them out soon. Thx!
iRealB is an app that will play your song in any key in different grooves and tempos. You can print the chart too!!! It's pretty awesome.
and so much for the follow! Happy Friday!! :)
RT : When the pain of suffering persists, God is still present. When the gifts we enjoy are gone, God is still good.
That's really great news. RE: "There was...no quarrels, no marriage problems...after 8 years of being on the road."
Listened to your new album love the song Mad Season! Thanks for hanging out on this morning.
Crazy ass night
and I loved the call tonight! Ad I'm loving the videos. SO wonderful! :)
Sluts get no respect.
everyone has a story but its those who you dont know that are worth listening to.
My day has been absolutely INSANE today, and its just noon! How has y'alls day been?
"If you build it, they will LULZ"
get anything at walmart? Other than crabs, of course.
The Man Behind The Shades Dreams of being on the Stage with What I Love About America see the Video ? touching Hearts across the world
when are you coming back to school??❤❤❤
If u let me have my way i swear i'll tear u apart!
thanks I'm trying.
Just got new tires on the truck. They were expensive but they look mean so its worth it I guess.
Those of us doing film to film preservation will be the last consumers of stock
Making Bun Bo Hue tonight fit dinner
NPR just reported that new al quaeda leader was almost not selected Because he is known to be abrasive in his mgmt style. I find that funny
Out and about? Want to be? Late Night Happy Hour at 10, $5 Drafts. Turn Tuesday into TUESDAY!
Watching master teacher cajole a student to take a risk by answering. So many aspects to teaching. Best PD= watching each other.
#ff One of the strongest forces in the world at the moment.
:yes there is definitley going to be a repeat next weekend.
Recorder charged, in hand, all prepped at while waiting for the fantastic Time to nerd out.
Great chatting with you. Thanks for sharing your thoughts as a person who READs -- a lot!
LOL, thanks for the input!
#DidYouKnow? #BHAG stands for Big Hairy Audacious Goal - A long-term goal that changes the very nature of a business’ existence.
Can't FOCUS today!
Big changes ahead for Facebook, thoughts? Lots of people threatening to leave for Google+?
Democrats should now target the Extreme Ultra conservative Obstructionist Tea Party, Indiana Republican Sen. candidate (Richard Mourdock)
Freezing right now but today is going to be great! It's my last day being part time and Taco Tuesday tonight! Margaritas!!!
I kinda hatw it whm ppl sat a celeb wuldnt date a fan like they r ppl were ppl y not the only difference is tht person is more known
TONIGHT! Chanel le Meaux is performing at ! No cover! 9p!
4 reminders / day to shoot. Capture a variation of the 'high 5'; 'the fist bump'. Every little bit of encouragement helps these days.
the bad part for the 99% is that we are lied to thinking that all people can be fooled, but we r a nation awakening!
right back at ya girl. super excited and super happy that something we talked about years ago has come to fruition! love U!
Goodnight and plz have a good sleep you need your voices.............lol
Ha! That is good. I think Sting would concur!
#2 Bro do you want to live a long life? Then Honor and Obey your parents at all times! #Brotips #GodlyBroTips Ephesians 6:1-3
I agree!! RT : Oh morning how you came oh too fast I was enjoying my dreams, how rude of you to interrupt
I can wait either! And Friday is the movie! :)
Next Friday it is, unless someone objects. Bring whatever you'd like. Any cupcake requests?
Amazing how many people smoke in #florida! Quit smoking, everyone! I've heard it's bad for you.
Las Vegas tomorrow! Covering th LGBT pool party at the Luxor this weekend!
A1. Best way to understand customer needs is to ask. Requires engagement. And manpower. C/b hard to scale.
Heading to the “Red, White and Blues” event, hosted by President and First Lady Michelle Obama in the East Room of the White House!
night babygirl. i love you like crazy with all my heart and i can't wait to talk to u tomorrow :) te amo tambien princessa
alright. I give up. We'll try again another time.
Manic-glut :: Organ Hunger :: Radical (re)vision :: Muscles need their own relent.
when is your new show coming on tv?
what the hell is a viddy??
Dang! On ol' Rocky Top. I'd imagine so, but could be wrong. Hollins is liable to fly them back tomorrow at 6:30.
That one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on Facebook.
is hilarious
you think its hard for you..try being me once..lol
Q. What kind of motor vehicles are in the Bible?A. Honda...because the apostles were all in one Accord.
Have you seen Sicko?
The way randomly came to visit me 😄👍
I think ur friends wanna watch me make love to u.#channel 696969696969
I was just thinking, I'm not even sure gets on twitter anymore.
The masterson just say "the browns are...well the #browns"
Since they refs. Are calling everything on the Knicks they should not come out in the second half they are clearly cheating for Miami
lol Alex . Sorry
Watching "I shouldn't be alive" it's hard to imagine all the places to get lost and not be found for days or weeks. Not in NY
If everyone had the determination and drive to do what they love instead of what's easier the world would be a better place.
#Knicks will need way more than Melo to beat this team. Other players have to start showing up
can we get this guy a coke? :-D
hey now, I've always made room for you #buttmunch :)
Np...anytime. Love to do more
white and liquidy i get it
Christmas Party~
I played a dangerous game of cat and mouse, & I didn't plan on falling along the way... I'm sorry. </3
Pretty much good for anything. I've mainly used it for various meat, fruit/vegetables, and random house supplies.
happy birthday bifffy i love you <3333333
HA! RT : Today must be my lucky day. Got not 1, not 2, but but 4 notices informing I just received 6MM USD. Just have to...
jill_hw: Last morning in NOLA. Ready to head home and healthy food. Post #sla2010 diet starts tomorrow.
Aw, hardly! I care about the a lot, just offering #SMM advice based on my Tumblr projects for & =)
hey David Lee love the new VH works..looks like you guys are having fun again" ever consider doing voice over for a commercial
I just booked my hotel and flight to I'm staying at conference hotel
So proud of the dawgs today :) thanks for the shout outs and support!
this election is already being turned into..war on my intelligence
RT : last chance to win tix to tonights show w Raekwon + Dubb Sicks at ! RT THIS FOR A CHANCE TO WIN A PAIR OF TIX!!!
Has anyone ever tried to kill two stones with one bird? That sounds horrifying.
ahh nothing much what about you? :)
Thanksgiving + game day= awesome
Zakarian VS Faulkner. A la cuisine!!!!!!
Was worried about the quality of the 3D until I saw the trailer in front of Avengers. Worries officially scratched.
HOLY SHIT! CENSOR MY BALLS, SOPA!
that sucks that comic press thinks black characters won't sell - am assuming that's why? drag : (
I do believe I am, but not the specific article revisions I need to get done today...
How about letting the student body see the game?
RT When you practice philanthropy, you can educate people, encouraging them to be independent, more aware, & more creative.
- just seen this! will tag em :) some real nice shots there, thanks :) we should arrange another shoot one gig
Go See #JesseEisenberg's #ASUNCION !! No, seriously, GO SEE IT! "Where's my mother fu**in' O.JAAAYYYY?"
beautiful. Love ya too bro, till mañana
i'll keep you updated. up until today everything was headin the right direction but i'll let you know
I'll try to do that next week
I loved "Learning by Doing" even though I came in late!
I'm tired of missing you, I just want you right here by my side.
You're very welcome!
RT The 1 conference I wasn't able to get to this year is lighting up its hashtag! Love doing good? Follow
That's what got me too. That and their size. And the clothes. :)
last minute packing...then train to lansdale to meet up w/ dad.
Was told about an art show in the basement of a shop today and it was just a Zumba class. Served.
I followed now you.
Aww, I tweeted Rachel Crowe and she tweeted back.
LMAO YOU REPLIED TO YOURSELF HAHA. and no its not fun. its death. awww ok. i might help you adter i do this homework
Going to record today :)
Limited time combo pack! Buttons, stickers and an ID Cuff, design of your choice for just $27, valid till may 30th
Yes, I'm excited that my new washing machine is being installed!
I luv the days when there is no real news..and everyone is searching for something relevant
S/O To Floyd Mayweather he right about Lin Espn blowing him up. Kevin Durant and D Rose didnt get credit like that the 1st season Lin 5games
where are you working now?
Yea this going to be a good game! # Team Heat
#ASKING ALEXANDRIA ON REVOLVER GOLDEN GODS ONLY ON XBOX LIVE
East of Eden, John Steinbeck. It's taken word for word from the book.
Hey Artest. Why don't you just admit you did it on purpose due to your psychosis? Lying is only making things worse for you.
Making sense of our lives, and making our gardens grow. Tempered optimism wins out in the end.
Just really wish I had been able to go out and see him. I need a car soon. Next time I have to invite him out.
well get to it! Go the Mom and Pop route!
OH: I don't know why but they had me in the lineup
The snow started here at 4:00PM on the dot, just like the NWS predicted. Weird. :)
Do you look yourself between the eyes, and think about who you let between your theighs?
you make sweet melodys
so i hooked up the modem and router combo on my main floor and the computer is up stairs, trouble with signal
Who has questions for re: #CSPAN's archives? Tweet them to
Look outside right now for the most amazing moon rise!
oh I'll have both charged, thx
Did I really just spend 15 dollars on skittles and jello?
Thanks man. Decided to get rid of the anti-Selig'esque one... Not that I don't hate Selig ('cause I do), but still...
I keep a lot of shit to myself, because in reality, no one gives a fuck.
My dad talks on his phone way to loud why is he so annoying
The Rat will be gald to hear that. :-)
I'm sneezing like crazy .
One days ovr a thousand footsteps wen u walkn in these jays committed to walk this dream
RT : The Lens will webcast the Orleans Parish Prison Reform Coalition's public forum tomorrow from 6-8pmCST.
A man must drive his energy, not be driven by it. -William Frederick Book
RIP Ayrton Senna
I've been in that boat before! Just keep your toes painted :)
Thanks for the
Fuckkk yea RT : #Chicago! Monday "Boyfriend" will be playing on and it is incredible!
Thanks for the #FF and !
Feed The D is a pretty good name but when you say it as Feed The Detroit it sounds pretty weird. Oh well! as long as our produce is good :D
yeah but the pictures do taste funny... but we took enough pics to remeber it well...
If I take care of my character, my reputation will take of itself. -Dwight L. Moody
Baby you Light up my World (; Hehe <3
Thanks for our your support Council Member. The food really is great and the kids love it!
Many in mine still don't understand how fractional banking creates money.
"What are you doing?" Reviewing episodes of La Voce (#TheVoice). This year's batch of singers upped the game. Bravo! Bellisimo! Kick ass!
Lol He Got The Jewish Thing On
so good. I can see why. Jodi said the same thing, lol.
#JoshHamilton hit four homers in one MLB game. Question--with all the PED's used in past why hasn't it been done before? Think he juiced?
Liriano walks the bases full with two away, then gets out of it with a strikeout.
School -_- should I skip class...? I'm kidding :P
Andre Miller just made tonight's #top10 in a very bad way!
How have you been?
