A man in a wheelchair rolling backward through Clovis traffic—a toddler walking a dog between cars—a man leaving his truck to beat a woman.
Unanimous vote I'm still a rodent for the chedder
anyone know where I can buy mp3 of #Drake 's #Successful ? Can't find it on itunes
LOL it was a light brown/dark blonde probably hidden under a hat anyway
are you still looking to fill the Web PM postition? Deadline says 9/30 but it's still posted... would love to join the team!
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Sure do wish that Starbucks wouldn't force us to drink Pike's Place in the afternoon.
sure followed
thanks for the post
yaya i have visitors coming today!!!
#MyLastWishFor2011 is for an end to world hunger by 2020.....
PSA shower ya queen wit gifts yr round & its gonna be sweet yr round everyday make it special rebuild yo shit daily show her she appreciated
yea and he puts as much force on his body as a spaceship...cmon
Doing her daily routine by myself becuz she isn't here today. Feel Better gen.
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
Of course you can! Congrats on the A! You deserve to celebrate :)
I'm at Copley Square (Copley Square, Boston) w/ 4 others
well if you listen to the broadcast, you will probably hear the word popup zone about 67 times
Mark Cuban: Heavily Invested In Patent Law Reform
Great minds think alike!!!
morning! We need vols for Friday night #GreenAcresGala. Can you help #spreadtheword?
Tonight is a good night for roleplaying. I say that every Friday night.
Is so happy it is beginning to feel alot like Christmas...
Was feeling so proud of how well I did financially last year, until TurboTax told me how much I owed : (
Good that POTUS supports same-sex marriage. However, still think he should give Romney back his Etch-a-Sketch....
CHECK OUT www.clubGFX.com to see some of our portfolio!!!!!!!.
It's not what car or bike you are driving, but what's driving you from inside. When Passion drives you, you'll be driving with the Classes.
yea something, Lennox Lewis.Roy Jones. Type shit at least.lol
Pam thick
i heard maiya signed with YMCMB. True?.
Oh, fuck... I was off popping popcorn. No need to "be nice" on my account! Give him what for. Arrogant jackass.
Busy Busy here at the shop today, plus new shirts are on display now!
Lol omg if only answered DM's, then I could ask him boy advice, since he seems to be an expert :p ahha I wish
So much for sleep! Didn't hear sirens go off either! Inconsistency that is weather alert system in Minnesota!
I fucking hate being lied to.
Crap. Now I have to go rent something. haha
Something apparently enraged it appears. Brohan is spitting hot fire atm.
Protein Power Up! This Week's Special: 25% OFF ALL Protein Supplements!
try those little motion sickness stickers that go behind your ears. I saw those a lot on my cruises. If that fails...drink a lot!
Dilemma of the night: What should I get delivered for dinner.
Tonight's project: Assembly of #IKEA dresser.
"Yellow missing signs faded from all this time-I need to know...where'd you go?" ::someone still loves you boris yeltsin::
Dude i could watch Cake Boss all day.
Oh & the fam decided that June 9th is perfect for our house warming party......
Cookin' up bacon & eggs in honor of watching the #HungerGames tonight.
If this little nigga dont pay up mine, bullets will start patten this bitch face. Its make up time!.
awesome. How was urs?
I'm going to live-tweet The Incredibles right now. Cause I'm super busy.
Thank you! That was so special. Don't make me cry on Twitter! Love you always.
Writing an article about our Concept Z home for a green magazine & website.
JW Marriott at LA Live? Nice choice.
hey its good food!
Yes, sir. MRT : Let our message be the ... belief that all men & women who share love should be treated equally under the law.
there were earthquakes today ? apparently, i'm oblivious to a lot of things.
Happy Friday though!
Ditto for Anthony Davis looking at Charlotte Bobcats . . .
lets go to her game hahahaha
is looking forward to going into rehearsals next week for the Independent Feature Film with a "working title" of "Glass Bristols."
(oh no!! poor thing!!) RT : it's so hot I'm freezing! The AC in this building is bonkers.
In honor of Nat'l Poetry Month, when you share a Zipcar haiku w/us today, you could win $25 driving credit! (5-7-5 = $25)
Aye Im chilling. How u Mami?
Thanks so much!
Sadly we don't know enough to pick. Who is your favorite?
Sounds like a plan. Enjoy.
Oh snap ladies! Guess who this is?
Melo sounds exactly like Kevin Garnett in Minnesota before he got Ray, Paul and Doc.
"Make sure you stand up for what’s right before you sit down to write about what’s wrong"
Esoteric thought of the day: There's too much opportunity talk, not enough creative/productive energy focused on trade-offs and limitations
sorry...I'll text ya ;)
No outdoor events today in the Washington, DC Area. It is very hot here!
Im in one of those moods where the only thing to make me feel better is finding out someone from high school got either fat or pregnant.
“: Wish I was chillin at Overton Park today . #Memphis”
and TJs year in Seattle with Deion branch. Down year for both players in 09
I got 144,480 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. Im so addixted to this. omg
So proud of you, POTUS!
Running outside only form of working out gotta do what u have to in Chicago
I just saw someone wheeling around Spuds Mckenzie in a baby carriage. Totally creeped me out.
i often gauge by how quickly i get to "so, this is where I am today..." And then to questioning my life choices.
that awkward moment when you ask someone if they won but they lost and then you don't know what to say...
I feel for #Bruins fans everywhere today. I know what it's like. I kind of want to give all of you a hug and a chocolate milkshake.
Omg!!! Why isn't Netflix working for me?
I get fruit & veg at farmers mrkt that I bike to, but milk at store. WF & TJ's too far, +TJ's puts everything in plastic.
This weather gets me mad
This Day in History: May 10, 1994 Nelson Mandela is inaugurated as South Africa’s first democratically elected president. RT |
Thank you for taking time to look! Let us know if youre interested in promoting with us!
just a little lol
Happy birthday !
Good morning everybody
First day working on a story with a boy that has autism in New Haven
Hahaha! My Facebook status say it al.
Thanks for your thoughtful input.
making fun of the Bigfoot shows on TV is one of my favorite pass times :')
I still need Gwen Stefani to help me spell b-a-n-a-nas!!!!
lets get going!!! so ready for #hansonday!!!
thank so so much but I didn't want to be Ur friend anymore cuz u were hating me and everything wat happened 2 Sis 43v3r?
No problem!
Congratuations to for his Bernays Lifetime Achievement Award! Glad I'm learning from one of the best!
Indeed it is! I look forward to talking to you more/again. And everyone else at
If was talking about you ugly want a bee ghetto bitch lmfaoo ohh man
almost. better than nothing!
Thanks for the RT and ! Do you like the article?
Seriously? Do you have a pic?
Hockey fans, follow for updates from tonight's #Bruins #Pens game live from the !
Today we're in the shop looking at one another and saying, "Luke who?"
will do...see u soon
archeologists challange idea of 'first' americans migration from asia...article by Gareth Cook in todays boston globe
+ So...why is this piece focused entirely on the Asian women and their "choices"? Gender, race, and marriage are socially constructed: +
Really?!?! (Immediately rushes to Netgalley)
Stomach issues..
2 extra Rose Bowl tix available. Hit me up for details.
Thanks sweetie! Following back! : )
gahahah oh wow alex
Maybe I should reconsider moving to IL where a state has a passion for
no it's not! and he'd obviously be upset! Please don't do it!!!!!<333333333
Today has been such a long day!
fall next year lol! Still wanna come lol :P
I tried scanning my Capital Metro monthly pass w/ my phone, and it didn't do anything. It did recognize my Car2Go card, though.
My best friend is an ASL worker and her husband asked her to marry her in sign language. He had to learn how to sign it.
David Marks of the #BeachBoys was here for opening day in '62, wrkd as an usher in '88 & told me his favorite moment is Gibson's homerun!
hahahaha I know ;) lucky :)
thanks for following
Gov. Wise: Digital learning offers an opportunity to better prepare students for the future
Congrats Alexa ! RT
Good morning 😊
Prior to you can really begin setting financial goals, you have to determine where you stand financially.
he wanna go eat tomorrow. Idk where yet. I told him that I'm doing something with u this weekend cuz he tryna suck up all
You are very kind, I appreciate your words more than I could say. We will miss you at USF.
why are there pictures of William Levy's penis on my dashboard....
Very informative presentation by with about how to deal with negative WOM criticism towards your brand.
Ok, so the books seem to me as 'low value' (since the PD and easily downloadable/obscurable via Onion/Tor)
Love this! Then where... Scotland? I'm gonna quit my job and be your travel assistant
the creator of uses ! great way to split dinner checks among friends! :-)
you forgot to clock out.
That's INSANE. Exactly right.. If they don't take cards they should have an ATM. P.S. WHO DON'T TAKE CARDS??
If you'd like yes.
haha nice! We alternate music, podcasts or audio books and tv/movies. My mom is my biz partner so we have an assembly line.
awww so Julie isn't in her honeymoon after all, maybe she'll take that trip later ;)
Thanks to for all of your wonderful social media support behind #Benetwit. You guys are awesome!
don't bother. The rapture Is coming
I don't even know what to say . . .
Another RWr reply from "In the Bubble" 'Im Not' !! Really??
Thanks for following! We love sports, work in commerical finance and are a fam biz too :) Looking forward to connecting!
I stand corrected. My last post I said MEDSONIX.INFO "HEALS PEOPLE... They never said it. More like. EFFECTIVELY TREATS, MS, Arth, Diabetes.
sent you a mail via your website about working together. hope to hear from you
Closed on two new #sportsbiz partnerships this week. National B2B potential is huge. Excited to announce shortly.
I figured that would have been a picture of your limo driver. Threw me for a loop.
Forgot how annoying parents can be
that could be it. That video was actually taken in Marin County, CA, but that makes as much sense as anything else.
": Anyone who wears false eyelashes between 9am & 5pm is my mother%king hero"
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Their is a lot to be thankful for but still more work to do to make it great. Best to all.
Why is there So Much Sex Appeal coming from this Waitress at Red Lobster?
Greenwald's coming to Boise. Pass.
Caps ahead 1-0 in Boston. Bats ahead 6-1 in San Diego. Wooohoo DC sports!
Got my Prom dress today!
No biggie! Good morning, dude! :-)
he was just walking behind me and he goes "idk why but lately everyones been telling me I reek of weed"...
This season of Jersey Shore has not been very good.
never got #TheWantedInWisconsin trending. kinda upset but life goes on. welcome to wisconsin #TheWantedInWisconsin :)
don't get why everyone assumes a healthy Stafford is automatic playoff-caliber.
hi Pam
Love it!
Without a relationship with Jesus Christ baptism is nothing more than a cheap bath!
Congrats to and 2011 Livingston Award finalists. Deserved recognition of young excellence in journalism.
Only a few hours til sundown! Have you had your free cookies today?! Hurry in! :D
Up early to DANCE MY ASS OFF! All day! #HipHopAllDayBitches!
Ideally, if you name something Crystal City, it should look exactly like the set of Logan's Run - not the backlot!
FINALLY some1 mentions this!!! RT hey man, if you're asking your phone "is that rain?" it's intervention time.
haha dang I wasn't paying no attention
Sometimes you got to treat others like shit so they know how serious you are
livin the dream! RT : Hhmmm thinking about working from my fav coffee shop again today. After I ride of course
haha I figured , that's alright though!
Ready for tomorrow!! Geaux Saints!!! Who Dat!!
Students reply to all kinds of questions. Sometimes I let them pose the question.
positive vibes: sent. Good luck!
A lot of sacrifices in order accommodate a busy lifestyle...
Well done, sir! RT : Phone int went well, in person at Cambridge next month. Maybe we'll do some royal wedding crashing.
andrew luck the indianapolis colts quarterback!
Idk why people with small cars drive as if they drive a bigger car than they do! Smh move around
“: Let's go Texas! This game is hard to watch right now” tell me about it!
Had over 30cm of rain in last 24hrs - even the groundhog has his umbrella up and don't even mention chipmunks in waterproofs!!
Apple WWDC Sold out in 2 hours!! Now that is some serious demand. I wonder why they don't move it to a bigger facility than Moscone West.
i wanna go on one too!
Chris Paul will go to LA. LA is the only team that can offer New Orleans grade A players.
Both my boys are on antibiotics- but still racked with wicked coughs, and snotty. :(
HAHA omg he goes "so ms bennet did ya just decide to gouge down on it" your reply "yes" (while sobbing) hahahaha
": It's not always easy letting go of your past." Specially when your past tries to come back into your life.
Bout ready for this Knicks vs Heat game!!! let's see if the Knicks can stretch this out another game #WinOrGoHome ...
There's so many fake people in my school.
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! In Native American culture, the eagle is a teacher and represents great integrity.
Well I certainly didn't see THAT coming. Wow.
almost done recording this vocal. i guess it's kinda late......... oops
Niggas be desperate for fame. I'd rather be heard an un seen
Gate down on bikepath/bridge over Forest Park Pkwy, leaned it aganst the wall to avoid accidents etc.
The "rap" in The Gorrilaz songs ruin everything... Why did they added that? Is so unnecessary..
/ how do you feel about crazy courtney?
has an ego the size of #ChrisChristie's ass. He shd thank his Daddy everyday 4 getting his SI gig, cause he's got no talent.
Las Vegas Hotel's odds on a Super Bowl safety: Yes+900, No -1300. - courtesy of Darren Rovell.
Hey, I'm at Litfest Pasadena, doing Litfest Pasadena things...
Welcoming opening remarks by Marie Fitzgerald, Provost S. Loretta McGrann, Dean Richard Greenwald as we ready for
:( I will try to look it up for you later. & Miley Cyrus is here?
BTW, are you two - & - following each other? If not, you really must.
See!! I wasn't crazy :) RT : BTW I drove by and saw the gold ball, and its UP! Just thought you should know. HA!
you don't deserve that. I personally think you are gorgeous.
text me
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family. ~Anthony Brandt
Watched "The Vicious Kind". It's hilarious & sad all combined. Liked it so much it's still on my mind.Tweeting to say what a movie find.
I would make you some of my "famous" #NoBakeCookies if I knew where to send them!! Better than Grannys!! :)
I I I Will Battle For The Sun!
Saddest. Thanksgiving. Pic. Ever. ;-)
Stacy Robinson, Wide Receiver on Giants' Super Bowl Teams, Dies at 50 - New York Times
Woke up at 6am this morning so I could get to work early. Instead I switched on 'Ferris Bueler's Day Off'. What an AWESOME old school movie
one of you tumblr genius's colorize the new jordan pic?
you think they will beat them by that much
Watching Madea's Big Happy Family this Easter day!
I agree. Had not watched in years. Watched the other nite and Anderson Cooper was just awful, doing the #GOP talking pts :(
Ryan Braun not even among the top five Brewers players in home runs this season. Hmm.
LOVE this video
all the winning entries will be entered in a draw to win a autograph
Now hiring promoters for Miami's most upscale venues DM for details!
You mad cause you can't afford her
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing. - Stephen Covey
I hope all of our friends goint to UT is okay. I know he didnt shoot anyone, but its still a tragic incident.
Please email us @ and we can figure it out.
Current tonight For VIP access- call 2022581567 Email-
Great day at the !
Nope! But that sounds incredible! Can u share the family recipe for...let's say, 400 Followers? LOL
Over 70 players in two weeks!
So true. “: Your brand and your culture have to be synonymous. #FMMIS”
my nose & forehead is bright red from the #brewers game yesterday... you can see where my sunglasses were :/
Ice cream!!
My dad just said "Hello, sexy..." to someone on the phone... I think I might puke
It’s just lunch! RT: : Bre Pettis: Eating together is the most important part of collaboration.
..dang, good pic!
": ...is it strange that I like to work on the floor more than in a chair ?"
thats next week
I hate when people add hideous photos of me on Facebook....
It never ceases to amaze me how #voiceover and #singing parallel each other in technique. I am thankful for those many years of vocal study.
ON A PARTY BOAT ON THE HUDSON RIVER! :D
BYU won't be easy but UNLV has a fair shot at it.
I think people have mixed up stories and are just slandering others
Typos...ugh. Those fabulous fish tacos & guacamole are at
good morning sweetie happy mother day I hope you have a great day
At Js Spring Band Concert. Just saw an SUV with sign that said " Dog is my Co_Pilot. Got close, & sure enough, dog was riding shotgun! LoL
we need another swisha
Get Well Soon
its soo refreshing :)
Students must be brought into the process, but we must also take the bull by the horns ourselves.
Someone must say the unsayable.
cute names for a pet ...
S/O To my new follow !!! Dm for my music links
For All Those Sleeping is one of the best bands ive heard in awhile!
Just saw the Thanksgiving Day message... Did you have a good run?
Oh! More snow! Or is it aerial slush? Can't be sure.
"music theory" 2.0 RT : music is here... but it always was, even when not mentioned explicitly
Shiiit. I know I'm about to gain hella mass using creatine but my goal is also to also burn fat. Is that even possible?
Emoticons serve as body language in the digital world #TAS11 #attensity analyzes
Hold the rope!
Just deleted you turkey
the Kristy Lee Cook prophecy applies to Phillip too. He's from Kristy Leesburg Cook and went to Kristy Lee Cook high school
thank you for having us! once again a very successful event!
WHERE IS MY DAD.
what? were you driving? </3 ;((
#Cheers to our new followers!
RT Man I Need To Go To Bed, I Got School Tomorrow :D *I Mean* D:
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms in the evening. Then scattered showers...
9am-3pm. Have a great music concert. I am hoping to make it down there.
I never want to look at these essays again. Probably won't at the rate Mrs. Dooley grades papers...
Hang tough David. You must be ahead if they are attacking you. The only stuff I got in the mail today was attacks.
wait i just read that! you dont know my life lmao
Lol! Nanny Nanny Boo Boo, Stick Your Head In DooDoo! ;D
yeah its pretty good if u're n2 anime/cartoons
Im finna be a senior!!!!!!
Aww, you know you want some fries. : )
When someone clicks through to my website from my Goodreads ad, I get to see what book they were looking at at the time.
RT WE LOVE VEGAS
Dunno :/ I think the follow messed up (if you followed me?). I don't see you anywhere.
Hey old people, cut out the winking
The best way to beat a #nutter, is to become a #nutter!
Finally in
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
practicing now. Play sunday
Rescue Ringling's Abused Elephants!
Was rooting for Texas last night, but congrats to #Cardinals! I always wonder if they just toss the losers shirts that were made?
I want them to get some momentum back for at least game 7
oh damn. i think I just missed a great opportunity for a crack about prehistoric humor. eh, i clocked out early today.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. Jim Rohn
Da fuck u mean u out of strawberry soda?
Hate= Having A Toxic Existence
Right?! Who showcases their time in custody?
Since isn't in WI yet, I have no choice but to fly to Philly to get my fix tonight w
Sounds fun.
How To Hate is so powerful. I love that song. 🔥👊🎵
I hope I can get over this public humiliation of being shot down for lunch! What would you like and I'll bring lunch to you.
Is it just your dead ex-mayor's imagination, or is it getting awfully wintery here?
I enjoy how my body has adapted to being fueled by caffeine instead of sleep.
New years is comin. If I don't get a call for the studio,think I'm gonna do the tourist thing(hat and all) and watch the ball drop!
You better.
Thanks! RT : Now he looks like a good time! Hope you all enjoyed your Cinco de Mayo festivities!
Where are you rolling around to here in Lex? You should Stop by 1423 Audubon Ave and play some ball! #retweet?
nice touch with the link in the wrong answer message
INCREDIBLY inspiring speech by !
Reels of home movies labeled "Sputnik" from eBay were eagerly anticipated til they arrived & discovered Sputnik was a family dog
easy there big fella that's no way to talk to someones daughter haha
i've been up for almost 24 hrs but had the most engaging day: awesome presentation to org leadership, in depth ceo discussion panel
Seriously exhausted... Ugh
Yesterday was history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift, thats why its called present.
Big game this weekn in san jose
Oh, and happy birthday to two of literature's most lovable fools: Fred and George Weasely! :)
Definitely need to use my Flipboard better. Set up more RSS searches.
that awkward moment when the drinks arent on the menu and you have no idea what is included in coke products.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 2236 calories! on 4/27/12 at 8:14 PM
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. ~Mother Teresa
Some random nigga called me and cussed me out on my voicemail lmaao o.O
I think its suppose to me done
For the record I strongly support a safe and vibrant Palestine but only if there is peace and no terrorism.
Playing downtown #Nashville Tonight w/ (10-close)
Don't trip.. Um on the way to this money I might break u off a lil somethin haha
venue looks dope....food looks off the chain...do they hook up artists?
Our alumni concert starts in less than five minutes! Watch online at www.Juilliard.edu/live
<333 shut up now ill be sad if he never does
Nice Tweet! RT : Lord---while I love #MarchMadness sometimes I can't take seeing these big boys cry...
Possibly 3 days left of school instead of 13
You can't burn out his arm in mid may...
Greek boys. :3
Damn Rondo
It's interesting that MWD isn't showing speakers using its speaker cam so it doesn't have to show San Diego folks with their signs.
Dave Logan and Brian Griese on right now talking #manningtodenver!
thats great im so happy for u!:)
Word, sister. WORD.
#waze is epic. So free and so good.
I miss you more!! Where you been??
Making someone your priority is stupid, if they keep you as option.
I'm ready for Saturday only for the fact that I can't wait to sleep in.
We just got a dog!
Winning is great! Winning is fun! It's incredibly hard ... but it is achievable.
I can't wait till scream it like you mean it.
ohmygod the 'ijever' guy has a store now and is selling stuff???? crazy!
excited for my birthday festivities tonight
“: Announcement -#goldrush aftershow so popular we're adding another to air 3/23. ”...It was a gr8 show
If you meet any artist in the world who would it be?
yeah, it was a huge thing
Yeaa , its cool .
Lakers should be afraid, very afraid.
Chillin waiting for you to follow me(;
Cool man, no rush. Let me know.
Learn how to start a flower garden with Master Gardener Carol Bray at 6 p.m. Monday, May 7 at our Mosinee Branch Library. Free. 715-693-2144
We're about to release something you guys have been waiting for. Who's up? If you see this status, LIKE it.
CANOEING: McKeever keeping his eyes on Olympic prize - This Is Wiltshire
Special Skills Service Dog Keeps Young Girl with Epilepsy Safe. Read full story on www.crtasa.blogspot.com
HEY FAG !!! I MISS YOU SO SO SO MUCH .YOU SHOULD PROBABLY CALL ME SOMETIME . BECAUSE I MISS YOU . YA . CALL ME . LOVE , KAI.
To the Top of the 4th... Reds 1 Pirates 0
Our opinions do not really blossom into fruition until we have expressed them to someone else.
Today is a wonderful day to hang out with my family.
it's really intense! I barely got through the fitness test! It's not a good way to ease into working out routinely
running first-ever personalized medicine trial for pancreatic cancer
I'm so jealous of everyone that is in Disneyland or Disney World right now
hahah me either ! i was like getting crazy !! :O hahahah i told my dad that i was going 2 sport after 2 weeks and he was (c)
And don't miss the last shark week of 2010 with Great White and The Captain. Djs start at 10 so come dance.
All these punk ass bad ass kids getting on my damn nerves
If it's like ten minutes I will.
but because your slow is what lead to your confusion
Should've brought motrin with me. My ears are hurting
a software developer once told me that making an app is easy once you have a prototype/pseudocode. i believed this person up until....now
Happy Easter! Have a great day!
I'm not graduating yet :(
I knew the day was going to be a good one when I fired up my car to hear g n r and styxx on the radio!!!! ;)
why don't pro athletes get paid like waiters? - a base salary plus a tip based on how much you enjoyed their performance? revolutionary...
I hope all my girls have a great spring break !
haha, i have no idea either, but thats awesome. Thanks!!
Too much time spent regulating what qualifies as veganism, too little effort spent actually helping animals.
Check out Metro Market in ! Best grocery store around! And GREAT game last night!
VOTE the person NOT the party...
RT : People are Fake especially on these Holidays. Act the same way all 365 days!
Running an online contest. Let the contestants promote your brand and amplify your own efforts
My boo went home ):
Nothing tugs you gently from slumber like the sound of a woman's voice yelling"BAD DOG....BAD DOG....BAD DOG" outside your bedroom window.
now that's a good one to make hard, not only does it scar the str8 kids in his class but it gives the gay ones a little thrill
CT votes to abolish death penalty.Thinking of Moses Paul, Wampanoag Indian publicly hanged 2 Sept. 1772 in New Haven after appeal denied .
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Choctaw County until 11:45 AM
I love it! That was great
First WISCONSIN sign spotted! Woo hoo!
good luck coach!
Benefits of www.Rx2you.com
Happy Friday All! Getting this Morning started with great drenched classes for
RT : It's all ball bearings these days.
In retrospect, painting parts of a white sweatshirt black would have been more fruitful than painting parts of a black sweatshirt white
Ah so tired im wearing shorts and everyone is lookin at me like why you wearing that lol
Good luck tomorrow Glen. Wishing you the best!
Bill Clinton's remarks very focused on energy efficiency retrofits. Best job creation per dollars invested.
Share with us! What did you do, learn, or got out of this weekend?
Really don't want to do this VOSOT for MidDay tomorrow. Would much rather be driving home in early morning than early afternoon.
Thanks for the nice note from our SXSW Dinner. It was great to get to visit with you and catch up. Take care and talk soon!
start getting on your grind
Damn Cleveland Need Lebron Back Pronto...That Score Is Just Smh...
Don't miss on the spring premiere of 's "The #SecretLife of the American Teenager" - TONIGHT at 8/7c!
RT : I'm glad to see Michelle Obama on the cover of Parents magazine. She's a great role model.
Zaxbys is Nasty!!
The problem w/ being left of Black is few intellectuals left to focus on Treyvon Martin for more than an article & 10 tweets :(
- weekend leftovers was all that was left in the fridge... 16oz cans no less.
I'll send it to you ONLY you reword them.
#love hope you can schwing through and sing me a melody!!! ;-)
Yeah, I was going to put Etgar Keret ahead of you in my queue, but it turned out yours is the right book at the right time.
If there's one thing & 's tweets have taught us, it's that it sounds weird to say y'all when you're from the midwest
N I'm playing the Drug Dealer...so say "HELLO" to the bad guy.....
HEY, something we agree on. Are you telling me you like the pick? Or are you trusting the Dolphins made the right choice?
Working at an event near Union Square. Absolutely beautiful day in #SanFrancisco!!!
haha thanks for sending the video! :)
"Stove...are you an appliance?"
Happy thanksgiving I hope you have a great day sweetie
Coming up In The Quiet Storm, Rene & Angela,Kem, The Isley Bros. and many more of your chillaxin favorites on 106.7 WTLC
Thanks for all the birthday wishes
glad to add to your
WTF is going on with $DRI? Anyone hear anything?
oh and I may need Xia's cooking skills for my food photography. That feast looked amazing!
Thanks so much for your support !
gay dudes are cool as hell..
that source is in New England now
yes sometimes but its a vibez I like havinq you on ma timeline and as a friend also..
forever waiting for the day you notice or follow me :(
FYI, sixth granny of career for #Rockies Helton. Second pinch-hit homer of career.
up early!
if drake tries to get at common thats career suicide ...
Reminder: Today (Feb 10) is the deadline for turning in your TA application for the 2012-2013 academic year.
OMG ya say what ya are!
Hahah, <waves back>
Word on the block is that it's crazy windy outside, seems like a legitimate reason to cancel class.
I am a MM Ambassador. Good stuff, could go for a glass right now!
I'm a fool...I meant Acrobat, not Photoshop. Will that one work? Thanks!!
that's awesome!
talking twitter in the classroom with - she is looking forward to some awesome integration
On the upt scene
Isn't it funny how one minute an abstract represents the best possible paper ever, and the next it reveals itself as an utter load of crap?
I'll read it, but if it's in adweak, I'm sure it is wanky. :)
La Merenda will always be my first choice for small plates.
Starting out your business? Why not try out a #virtualoffice membership for starters? Only $50 a month here at MiamiShared!
Scorp for life!
“: It is a scientific fact that if you stay in bed, nothing bad can ever happen.”
“: when you can't change the situation, change your attitude”
Steve Blake lookin dumb in da interview lmao....he looks like a cartoon character
You should follow ! :D
Yeah we can always try but I also need to study hard for my exams so :o Hugs back to you! xoxo
I got a secret.
Wait am I in the right seminar??? It's totally quite!!
this twitter app sucks lol you should text me! You know who this is!
Talking Devon into buying me long island ice teas at Bdubs >> 😜🍺
Oh wow Deng shot a 3 pointer from mid court. Amazing!!! Go Bulls!
If you are uninsured or uninsured, this is your opportunity!!! Please come on down. 9-3pm.
me too, thug. You're all good though. I promise! :)
RT : Every librarian should be allowed to run around with one "rummy" but potentially brilliant idea
Long Beach was so beautiful today and the Crepes were delish!
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote “Desperation is sometimes as powerful an inspirer as genius.” -Benjamin Disraeli
Hahaha I was doing the same thing. Never ending nerd entertainment.
have a great day see u tomorrow
The Careverge family wishing you and your loved ones a very Happy Easter!
#actorsloungelive the mod squad
Oh my gosh I can't wait.
I don't care for this Rick Santorum.
Rest in peace Lauren, you were a doll.
wait like nothing happened in it I don't understand the message of it I just don'T UNDERSTAND IT
I have to make my next move the best move!
:O you called me baby! Lol I am shocked! Did you mean to send that to me?
That's not regular order...this vote is designed to fail the middle class
He is a country/bluegrassy kinda guy! Mad skills, but I fee ya, his jams don't really speak out
can relate to the locals, because she's observed customs and rituals on Jersey Shore on TV, which she calls a documentary.
Anyone else have the day off tomorrow?
Finding money in a coat that I haven't worn for awhile. Surprise!
Dems should've backed her in 2008, but at least she got to add Sec of State to resume.
Jack Bauer wl never die. <Now Ur Mobile!!!>
She is a mean green music machine. Thanks for the follow.
the other 585k ppl should start paying attention“: . SUCH BS: Per & thr 1538.2 peeps arguing DC metro
These are the times when you wish you owned police sirens.
Thanks #rest351 for Skyping me in, and for good questions and conversation about race + religion in the South!
al harrington with a huge 3
You are a gentlewoman of tweeting :)
is that PPV? if not, you can request the bar show it, it's usually on sports.
Damn you mass texts!
Loops lips....
Tornado watch in NY and MA? Seriously? Must be that end of the world stuff.
Full! Bummer!
Uploaded a couple of songs to SoundCloud.
Great idea! Everyone will be jealous!! RT : Skip the snack bar at ur kid's game - bring some Rocco's and do it up in style!
Hello Bill. welcome!
D: pues claro que no u.u
Sorry, I've no advice to offer. But I'd like to hear how it turns out if you go ahead.
RT : Next time try to save a sinking ship of kittens, that might convince that last 6%
Wish I was in town for draft domination. Worth stopping by if you can make it.
a lot
So proud that we're recognizing Harvey Gantt as the Citizen of the Carolinas this evening. Love him.
“: guess that was Donna Summer's last dance RIP” lol
Kari Allen of Groupon: in 46 countries 500 markets. For users it's not the discount but thrill of doing something different
If I Had A Gun I'd be working for "M.I.B."
right. I'm trying to write a big fat conclusion to eat up some of this word count. Lol
So true. I bet Favre hates TT for stealing his spotlight. RT : With Favre gone they needed a new lightning rod Re: Tebow
What's everyone think of that new chiddy mixtape?
shoot the ball that would be nice.. or he could maybe defend someone except for letting people just run over him
that didn't last long
Happy seis de Mayo!
..great. Michael Bay will be putting his grubby hands all over Michael Myers now. Place your bets, how long before it's just called WEEN?
Well having to work saturday sucks, but at least i talked them onto letting me come in and work first shift.
You answered like a true lawyer! Love it! Personally, I see social media more as PR for your brand. Exposure.
Parents not honest with there kids level. So make it hard for us Coaches to get them where they should be
The next time I'm a compromising position, I'm just going to yell PIZZA HOUSE!
I love kickstarter. I am involved in a project that will be up on there soon!
Congratulations to Douglas Whitlow who was the lucky winner of our $1000 Lennar sweepstakes!
Hold off on season tix! RT : NBA players say they have rejected the league's latest offer to end lockout....
What do you think of Kennedy's statements about Obama White House in the NY Times today?
Sammiches are my favorite food. Garlic bread is up there, too. What kind of sammich should I make on garlic bread?
Today feels like a Thursday. Meh.
Rihanna - We found love <3
All of the above.
Why do they even have the 'close door' button on elevators. We all know they don't do shit...
Letterman's boring me to death tonight. Trying to stay up for the
Bravo, but we still have one maybe two more games left on our season and your season is over.
Oh & Goodmorning, God Bless ♥
okay whatever
At SDUSD Day of the Teacher Celebration with my Board colleagues at MBHS
im glad you know how to do that, itll really help when you become a stripper
Very nice!
it made my eyes roll!
Out of "Judy" Duty for the day. Yes!!!!
Hey Tom, I called you back, call me again when you get a chance or meet us there Friday.
Welcome to Twitter, boss.
cracking up right now. Holy shit.
Oh my god how many songs are coming out on may 22nd
Have some of the crew back out in Malibu, as we'll be looking complete the photo-shoot I had postponed earlier this week.
I'm back. Phone replaced! And I switched to in the process.... It's a new day!
maybe they like entertainment
im an LA fan and i agree
Don't turn out the lights now! :) Its stuck in my head! Lol
Too many ppl are looking to eliminate all their problems to have peace - instead of having the real peace from Jesus while in the midst
Thanks for a great opening party! We had a blast!
Love Palisade. We go to Wine Fest there every year. Look forward to checking out your story more!
In Austin!
I hate going to the dentist!! I'd rather give birth any day!!!! Arrrgghhhh!!
I have a bad mouth I don't give a fuck like it or leave it bitch
can someone tell me why A. Hill didn't tag up on that fly ball to the wall in center? He's been dogging it for two weeks
. just offered to let a stranger taste his drink.
We have a new server ready - vpn31 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
we talkin bout these Dallas ppl in they fukkin face!!!!! Houston Texas in this bitch!!!!! #clubparadisetour !
Contact me if you'd like the Houston Flashmob to do something tomorrow :)
Just want you to be mine, all mine..
Yes, it's Friday, but it doesn't mean you won't get cut today. Watch out.
I actually really want to talk relationship stuff with you :)
Enjoying my new Droid incredible
Tryin to live right and pray God takes me through
youre my favorite musician yet I never get to see you concert 0.o
Ready for a fashionable event with
Joe Budden on first take. Big fan.
i have a little under 3 hours till mothers day is over for me... can i get a follow back on my special day??
I swear...i hear one more gorram christmas song...i'll...i'll...grrrrr
What has 140 teeth and holds back the hulk?
can't wait to try!
i like how Filipino sounds when she talks on the phone with her mom
Going to my friends house for soccer tomorrow morning! :P went bowling today and bowled a 184 with no bumpers! Ohh yeah! :) Lol
I kinda get annoyed with all the questions... Whats this flag, whats that, whats this, whos that,.... But yeah, Good night!
#WhatAWomanNeeds honesty and support.
If you wish to live healthfully, emotions will be applied to the principle, "For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction."
I agree with you Alex and Im a Pens fan..seriously was Sad,Joel showed so much Class.Showed what a true Man acts like.
at least i'm a cute creeper lol =P
oh God, if his ass is going to tell me he likes me im going to fckin delete his annoying ass -.-
Mater Dei was too much for St John Bosco tonite Reinhardt has USC second guess them selves he put on a clinic in the first qtr.
damnit...can't believe I missed it
"you're a stinky predator from the sea." -Noah
Yay!! RT Another amazing #mobiletweetup complete! Thanks to all who helped support - couldn't have done it w/o you!
I had a full house for the green roof Lunch and LEED program last week. A nice way to kick off the newly USGBC credentialed presentation!
Michigan is 8 hours away.....
After 3 years, i feel like my mom STILL doesnt respect me being a Belieber...
bout to hit the "to-do" list and then rehearsal
RT : Note: Librarians *do* read the titles of your study rooms, and we *do* laugh at the funny ones.
haha. NO WAY??!
Cruz Azul goalkeeper Jesus Corona just took a knee to the head and looked to be out cold.
Happy Birthday. You're fearfully made!!!
He act like a lil bitch
happppppppyyyy birthdaaaaayyyyyy OMG you're so old: ') it feels like yesterday we were kindergarten babies. Aww i love you!
Why am I being forced to watch The Honeymooners movie? WHY?!?!?
Back to school after a wonderful three week break. What a Monday!
You've got quite a life! What a night....
how dare you have your own opinion and not just cheer for who your followers want you to? Twitter is awful sometimes
Tomorrow in Newark! RT:Foo Fighters not only playing past midnight at NYC's MSG just brought out Joan Jett Bob Mould before that
lmao you would be. Look at my status!! And I commented on hers lol
austin's going to be able to eat toffee :'D
Thumbs up #Madonna, you just shat all over the #blackeyedpeas!! Definitely a stayer in the industry!!
who is Robin? Haha..
I beg to differ
TweetBombJack->RT:Scissors beats paper. Paper beats rock Rock beats scissors And LOVE beats Cancer
At IUPUI, students are provided with opportunities to become active members of the campus and community. Steven Nestor 2011 Top 100 Students
I literally just fell out of bed. And scraped my knee. And possibly bruised my thigh. What a way to wake up! #sierrajoyness :)
Omg!!! It Was Just a Shootout In Front Of My Granny House. & The First Thing I Do Is Tweet!!!!! :O
Thanks , I'm all set for the #artstech meet up in SF #artstechsf and can't wait!
Dear fans, get stoked for #kylestock2012. We have so much in store for you all this year, even the bands.
You are clearly a visionary. This is how you make a million bucks some day.
countining down the days!! Hurry up and get these dawg-gone finals out da' way!! ;P
It's a long way to the top if you want to rock n roll....
I wish I was in college already..
Gotta crazy habit of walking thru other cities trap spots lol...the philly attitude is gon do me wrong one day lol
Come on ! What time is Google+? I WANT TO GO TO THE GREAT OUTDOORS! XD
I still long for your love.
“: Oh, you're part of the neighborhood watch program? You must have extensive training in law enforcement.” LOL my mom
Dangermuffin in the house ; doby up next. Where are you?
me n maybe
I am very excited to spend my Friday night watching a documentary on Gerhard Richter.
My managers are dropping hints that I'm gonna start opening. How exciting lol. That 5:30 am to 1:30 pm is no joke
then lets spam the person till they leave
Thanks for contributing to my calorie intake problems yesterday :P
Colleen is so awesome. Also, I am jealous of everyone at that conference.
there are a lot of great ways to break into the industry w/o having any contacts. It's all about differentiating yourself!
def didn't i been keepin up with plenty the ones tht dnt keep in touch w/ me are da ones tht haven't been getting any love
no follow back?
Legitimate authority will not suffocate but will only elevate... D. Thompson
RT : Cause.It is your guide to social activism at SXSW! Look out for the mobile app next week!!
it was all a dream.
Pretty good. How are you?
Tomorrow is graduation day at ! I can't believe I'll be a puppy preschool graduate! I'm a little nervous for this big day. Any tips?:)
Sometimes the hardest challenges in life are easier than the more difficult ones. - Yao Ming
Lunch was too funny today
Playboy Magazine
so true!!! It's totally a #scorpio thing ;D
#Showchoir tour tomorrow! We're going to 3 local elementary schools tomorrow!
thanks lol and thanks for following
Our friend reports that her brother is a student
(: plus alcohol
there was this girl that only knew Madison and Nick in AZ. Thats one person....lol
I have a man crush on Aaron Craft.
Its Dr Seuss's Birthday, fav 2 books are Marvin K Monney Will You Please Go Now & Mr Brown Can Moo Can You ...whats yours?.
If you don't believe you can win, there is no point in getting out of bed at the end of the day.
Let me know how the china cabinet project goes--hoping to do something similair.
What did everyone do for Easter? Did you have fun?
Double Dee's or Petite?
Thanks for listening Amrita!
YES. oh, and BRAAAAIIIIIINNNNSSSSS
That is slick!
well, now that you mention it…
Playing halo reach
I got no respect for random asses who follow me and then unfollow me. Oh you look cool? That's so cute cuz all of twitter hates you
just saw you in Rocket Science. Would you be interested in joining my club?
Set yourself up for success. Form things you can control and track what you have no controll over
Great to talk - excited for where you are headed!
Ppl call me suspect cuz I'm always smiling smh doesn't even make sense
Truly amazing that I have known you for my entire life and we had never met Truly amazing just like the stars, we are a perfect set
Taking some band pics at the old prison.
30 minutes left on day 2! The odds of me getting thrown out are drastically diminishing.
didnt follow my other account, :(
Coach, Thanks a million for speaking yesterday. Hope you had as great of a time as we and our 800 guests did!
it makes all the sense!!! Lmao
Thats it ... when i have a Son ... ima name em after me Manuel Joshua De La Cruz :)
Please tell espn!
another good movie choice, love it when she's in Italy eating all that great food :)
What is it for you? not sure yet but intrigued by what people choose to follow on my boards.
The young osprey shows up everyday at dusk, to roost in the lightening-struck pine. I hope he stays.
Thanks, Joe. Real food for thought as I design a new class... opportunity to look at aspects differently. Liked your quotes.
awww, thanks, you are cute!
Btw your gift from a months ago has really helped:)
is the Dr. Ken Bredesen Memorial Award winner as Most Sportsmanlike Athlete at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Having a crush on someone since elementary school >>
Staind: as equally good as they are depressing
Dumb app!
desires unmasked / in a moment of regret / my heart’s quandary
I thought I was the only one left!
With no Internet/email/phone, time for a lot of in person meetings today. First up, Make a Difference Wisconsin Exec. Dir. Brenda Campbell.
I want some freeze pops
Followers - free posting of white papers; free advertising your HR business. HRResourcePortal.Com. Direct message for details.
good job!
NetZero Message Center
Been a long time. Bo! Joe Wilson! Bo!
thank you :) your soo nice!!
q m las time un poco la pierna Pero ya boy a jugar el miercoles
Nothing says "crap" like an empty box of Bunny Grahams.
Attending tonight's Venture Initiation Program reception? Use #VIPSpring12 Looking fwd to big things from our student entrepreneurs!
God is the Midwest region weak!
so , Liam and Silver wasn't about Liam & Spoons ?
Glad you enjoyed. Thanks for sharing.
Im so jell!!! I want to be at the beach!! w a btle of red & a Moontrance CAO hehe! Cheers to friday friend!
I just skied/snowboarded from 8:50am to 8:50pm. Best day ever!!
but not as much as I want you ;)
Good afternoon
I wonder which trip you were researching....!
...but making art can be a very time consuming and hermit-like endeavor.
Hey, is your facebook notification thing not working again? I sent you a message
that's one hell of a girl! :)
Amazing morning!!! Love New York early in the mornings on the weekends!! Enjoy your day friends!
thanks brother!!!
ok first tell JC hi. 2nd I swear we are all mixed up in sports. Softball? Or is downtown archery a sponsor?
I'm only awake because my shoulder is in so much pain. Ugh. How's everyone else's morning?
Beware of the newest #scam telling you to call Mr. Larry Ben. LoL they say that they have your lottery winnings which is like 6,000,000,000.
Somebody text me while I'm at work bored as hell!.
Time to be covered in another cloud of dust.
wats good g how was ur at show? Drop by the store if u have the time
I heard its at a mall! omg. if it isn't true, I'LL FUCKING KILL A BITCH. If its true, I'm not be able to go :(
my computer is having a "kernel panic" oh no!
Your chick she so thirsty
I want iCarly back! I miss it! :'(
and rock
Been writing C# for a decade now. But impressed with steady progress of C++ and STL, which I used to teach. Should I revisit?
Ha, yes, she actually constructs!
please stop talking to me....
Clare Booth Luce~ Lying increases the creative faculties expands the ego and lessens the frictions of social contacts.
Fuggit. Toast to your problems and smoke to their solutions. Happy Fridaays....
If You Gun Talk To Me Like That , Talk To Me Later :-)
thanks for the follow. right back at ya. :) Good to meet you.
“: Happy Birthday to every #Taurus around the world. =)”<---THANK YOU!!!
BREAK LEGS !! TONITE at Studio Be at 7:30pm is the premiere of Kellys 1-woman show-Double Happiness.
#nor egrets. That's what autocorrect decided #noregrets should be. I think a t-shirt is in order.
#latenightconfessions kiss on my neck & I turn into a Wilder beast. Lol
Getting ready to get down with the funkiest undead around!
No. I'm crying tonight.
Jordis can catch your attention from the first sight of her on stage-She is Beautiful !!! We are All Blessed when She Sings
Just heard this on the radio: POTATO. Person Over Thirty Acting Twenty One.
Question of the day: What would Booms Super Hero name be? How about "Sarcastic Man?" Putting morons in their place since 19??
Yall Gotta go check out yall Funny Moments Videos so Halarious ! ♥ I Love that 2012 Funny Moments Fav .
Breakfast tacos in the house tonight
Saturday Night PARTY!! LAS VEGAS STYLE!! Hottest && YOUNGEST GIRLS IN TOWN! Contact me for Free limo service and FREE admission!
like like like. it was an awfully nice zip code, wasn't it? rolls off the tongue much easier than "one one one oh two" now...
RT : ICON DTLA TONIGHT for all the sexy people!!! You got til 530PM to send me lists!
Good luck Caryn! Be there in spirit!
Happy Mothers Day :))
She needs me.
Only for street cleaning morns! RT depends on whether those slippers have been used for outdoor adventures or not...
Hell yeah. That's what's up!!!! Ahahahaahha. So fly. (: Go on May 11th!!! -JChuck
BTW, the show over the weekend was stunningly good. If you don't see the #Alpocalypse tour, you are a terrible person. The end.
": getting my twitter up. plz send some follows my way. thanx guys" << YALL GO FOLLOW MY BOY!!! Gettin him up w/ the technology
this is twitter is it that necessary? lol
you would.
thanks! hope to see you again soon.
Thanks catherine! I will post it tomorrow on twivid.
If u wont it than i got it
apologies for my vocal typo - correcting made it worse! I blame the bright lights and :)
The primal war cry of "Time... for... Tea!" on Emilie Autumn's new single is about perfect. - DvL
Directing The Shape of Things by Neil LaBute. Auditions and casting took place last night.
Listening to #kingoflimbs - should have bought WAV - too much information not enough separation
I'm playing he for Free n on what when
Things like running to the store bcuz my dre beats ran outta battery juice really pisses me off
What up Twitter! Long time no tweet! >.<
I believe in NASA.
Did I say win by 3 or lose by 3...
Lying and saying you're staying the night at a friends while you're really partying.
kerone and team. We look forward to meeting you in person soon. Thanks. Ab
alright will do hun
Canon shipping me Mark IV to test :)
barely awake, but I posted a couple earlier this eve that might give you reason to play with g+
whell im waiting im ur biggest fan!!!!!
Thank you for the mention!
They probably didn't, because they usually let their opponents make first downs WAY before 3rd down...
#businesstime I'm do jealous of all the things this could mean. Love you both
I'm an actress and screenwriter finishing my 1st novel. Here's my site: www.kenyadwilliamson.com
NF: follow back ? (party bus) lol
i am a little insecure, a little unconfident, cause you dont understand, i do what i can. but sometimes i dont make sense.
can't wait till the album comes out I saved all my lunch money for this.When does it come out again??hahaha
Life is about trusting our feelings & taking chances, losing & finding happiness, appreciating the memories & learning from the past.
long fucking day
Any Salons/Spas hiring in #BayArea #Dublin #Pleasanton #DowtownOakland #DowntownSanFrancisco I'm looking 4 a full time #Esthetician position
Dont know what to feel anymore
did u ever make it to katy perry's party
Anyone have their ears gauged and deal with a blow out? What did you do for it?
Swapped basketball for a keyboard
I know michelle already asked but any chance of another letter for myself i sent you an email as well! hope all is well!
This weekend is gonna be crazy
kinda wanna go to drakes after party at zouk....
I have now been notified about that :) haha
I'm great just working about to get my own place
I'm pretty adorable in general.
I got a political robocall from there yesterday (even though I'm in L.A.). Possible connection?
i.am
RT : #Kuwait- '#Publicdiplomacy affected by social sites' - middle east north africa financial network - MENAFN:...
There is a thin line between what should be and what is.
I saw that in the article. I haven't gone to the tumblr though. It's sad there is still a strong hatred in this coountry.
I dont think white women know what WOC have gone thru. Explain to them, dont bitch about on Twitter
RT : Old joke. Woman to baseball player: "I just loove athletes." Player: "Maam, I'm no athlete, I'm a ballplayer,"
PR observation of the day: At what point are kids taught to think independently? School is like the military.
You can also add "schooled"
This is going to be a long 2 weeks
Get over it Cleveland. You lost one player. Seattle lost a whole team! :-p
I guess whatever it takes to get you thru this Friday to get you to the weekend, right? :)
Pissin on a major street in abq at 5:00am would be proud!
Working on my craft!!! Screen acting today!
That's great! And don't worry, we'll keep you updated on language releases like Swedish!
Merry Christmas, Happy Kwanzaa, Happy Hanukkah, Happy Holidays or whatever Politically Correct term you want to call it.
Say a little prayer that our path to Las Vegas is a smooth one my friend :)
is uploading new video, photos, and music!
waiting in the parking lot till the last minute for my shift to start>>>
RT: : Help me get to 400 followers <- follow Danny
#HungerGames is the best movie ever i loved it so much<3
Sitting here at Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery Associates with She's having her wisdom teeth yanked today :(
you always are ☺
My phone ap is working now. Only took 10 minutes to load. Now go sell some yummy beer! :)
There's nothing better than a girl who makes her own money, & always offers to pay her own way. Shout out to you <3
Really touching to see talking about Junior Seau's passing. You did his memory right tho.
let me know when you're ready. make sure you follow me too. stay on the grind.
Have fun in biology (:
I want to go camping already!
Omg you guys
The kind of sad that just takes time.
can't believe I tweeted our family secret! known by friends & fam as the Madonna Arbys now the world knows why!
y'all getting started on those records? I need them ASAP
Yep! Kristine Sutherland is AMAZING! Thanks for checking it out! :) RT ": - It's Joyce Summers! "
LAST DAY IN THE STUDIO!!! :)
Nice vantage point, huh?
I can't get you out of my head, my head. You're the flame that burns me so I know that I'm still alive. "Duality" by Bayside
i realyyy want you to come to WISCONSIN again. meeting you was the best day in the world #codyjakeustream #goldcoastfinest I LOVE YOU
Hi!! Hooray for the Tweetings! (And for Downton...)
Oh my God! Siri can do emoticons :-)
It worked! Thanks for video.
can you use mine please I would be so happy
the last tweet, didn't make sense. WHO CARES. <333
our first location is going to be in Lincoln Park - Diversey & Sheffield at the Brown Line stop
so wonderful to chat w/ you ladies last night! Always nice to chat w/ fellow homeschoolers
A hard man is good to find.
Doubt it would hurt biz; restaurant is usu. doing brisk business. Somehow.
I see what you did there and I don't approve
I don't add people I don't know on my personal facebook, so follow me on twitter son!
Donovan McNabb is my hero
We are gearing up for another week of LeTip! Know any great CPAs, personal organizers, etc. who might benefit from our group? Send em to me!
RT : I just saw a pic of Russell Westbrook wearing all the clothes he got pledging to PBS. Did he bring his tote bag?
BATUM!!! Fantastic, wonderful and outstanding , you guys are so talented. What a team!
yes heard about premier leagues playing friendlies in US/CAN. Yankee stadium, Fenway, MetLife, Philly & others.
Get this game under way already!! Sheesh!
Mad Men makes everything better.
waz up peeps, i gotta go find some fur for lady loki =)
It's National Put Your Wine In Storage Day
ima go in half an hour
Atleast I know what to say and not to say
awwws. Such a nice thing to do! Ize approve!
We don't knock on doors or call. We just turn our Xbox controllers that are synced to our friends consoles.
I did an old fashioned search for indie music- you guys came up!
so are those classes like electives or part of a program? I'm studying Holocaust Studies in grad school at UT Dallas.
Sure! I'd be glad to exchange votes w/ you!
The fact that Caroline just texted me and said "Sex."
Wow! I like our AD hire!
'Niggas in Paris' is weak. Too bad they're not talking Aimé Césaire and négritude.
Why are you not performing in DC???? Baltimore doesn't count we need you in DC too any plans to come here?
"Forgiving someone doesn't make you weak; it makes you strong enough because you understand that everyone makes mistakes"
states: The new social business supports an "activity stream." It's core to the enterprise to build the social graph.
lol you make me laugh
RT : Always appalled to discover that we tolerate rhetoric from Turks on Armenians that we rightly would not from Germans on Jews.
end of act 3 pissed me off... Why you up so late... Or is it early there?
People don't fall in love by choice, it's by chance. People don't fall out of love by chance, it's by choice"
The #SOPA Strike is on at dozens of Internet sites. How is it affecting your Internet use today?
*Breath In* *Breath Out* Thank God For the Breath Of Life.
In Love, one and one are one. Jean-Paul Sartre
i wonder if he watches the show. between the masturbating and sex, it's gotta be strange.
“: I would KILL to know what the candidates are writing down. Seriously. It would rule. #cnndebate” / mostly smiley faces
TY for RT, Wayne. “: RT : Does solitude or collaboration fuel your creativity more?...
Shit Is Whoa Right Now The Banger We Got Brewing Up HaHaa Just Wait To Ya Hear This One…
GET MONEY ! STOP HATING ! " HOOD GENERAL'$ " IN DA STREETS GET AT ME FOR A COPY .
Book signing happening now at El Toro on Shelbyville Rd
Grateful to the Big Apple to let us borrow the mighty for #jboye12!
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat
“: Nicki Minaj's lyrics are so complex!”
: Give my regards and tell her that I'll have "people" for her too :-)
Jealousy Is When you Count Someone Else’s Blessings Instead Of Your's.
I'm a grown man but I have to admit that watching #Tangled on my big HD TV looks phenomenal...
HEY you! Well let's see.. been catching up on reading, enjoying my Directv (no CST tho :( ) & proving I could live w/o Twitter
Everyday I read in the media such mean things about Why be unnecessarily malicious to someone you dont know? #Sharelove guys
Day 3 of #AcademySummit! CEO & Co-Founder Sanford Fisch in Main Room on what sudden death or disability could mean in your law firm
wheels might be coming off the cart, Convey isn't producing and midfield seems flat and hurried. Might be Soony time
I have a small apartment and one smell little cat :) I've tried everything! I would LOVE to try something new!
Whats happening in twitter nowadays?
Tomorrow I'll be in Texas. I am SO ready to get out of here for the weekend!!!!
same here about to go crazy cause I have nothin to do
I see that the citys covered in fog like my brain this morning f*<% MONDAYS
Yep, there was definitely pot in that brownie. Definitely.
love austin mahone
Scratch that sunny day! Pouring Rain
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out, it's the grain of sand in your shoe. - Robert Service
now following back :]
already will there be a season 2
They sound real mad... lol
I need some more friends on this, back on Twitter after being gone for over a year
looking forward to hearing Neville Brody next
Ok enough with the floaters.
same size different location. Price is the same.
Why do you hate San Diego? We got screwed compared to SF
Had a good time tonight. Time to take my ass to bed.
Leave me alone. I have papers to write! (Just kidding. Keep distracting me.)
who's doing the CTF in Tampa? At the ISSA meeting?
Ina good mood ,
RT Yo congrats on the deal YOyoYOyoYOyo!!! It sounds better in NYC. (thanks!!)
Damn! Common's memoir in bargain bin for $5.98!!! This would have been a come up if I didnt already have a copy
I want my belly button pierced.
BOYFRIEND IS COMING. OMG. I'm recording it and if anyone deletes it, I will cut their arm off. Okay.
She should've tweeted all that shit..
Yea! Nothing's holding YOU back. NOTHING!! RT : I was packed for 3 games...
WOW!!! What an incredible Coachella cherry poppin' experience! Thanks for blisters, boob sweat, dust boogers, good friends, and BOOM STIX!!!
my husband is a McClellan. I'd love to know your ancestry. Where does your McClellan family come from?
For dinner try our SEARED SEA SCALLOPS, pear puree, applewood bacon, micro arugula, pecan vinaigrette
Touched down in Denver, flight was late, horrible turbulence last 1/2 hour, tired and still have 6 hrs of work to do. Time to Cowboy up!
way to go!
Check new blog edify2.blogspot.com
You are really beautiful too, you forgot to mention that in your bio :)!!
yes way :P
your voice is beautiful<3
love you to Gina :)
i didn't block you I had deleted my account
I was gonna swim today, but it's raining. Don't wanna get my hair wet.
"Never rock the mic with the pantyhose".
Love spending time with 5evan...so glad school has a delayed start today :)
Trying to make me some fake dreads. xDD And that sucks about your shoulder.
Debbie Lee and Family!! Thank you for helping our little store!! You are loved and appreciated!
the weekend loft music
soon the launch of www.yourmotivated.com go check it out and win yourself a ipad or iphone, its real and good.
Listening to tracks from an upcoming release.
hell yes
OH I CAN SEE YOU ERRDAY NEXT YEAR! bus-wise. I figured out this route and I get out at 2:20 :P
Those songs that make you laugh.
thanks. Perfect Saturday!
I Love Bristol Baby...
The social media panel effect: gained 84 followers after speaking w students.
We'd like to thank Dan Malsch, Dave and KC Escalet, Alec Henninger, & Mikey Kesselring for all your hard work and dedication to the project.
Deuce knew what he was doing.
thank ya!
I'm trying to get like y'all ! 💃
awesome! leads for shops are a huge plus, too! hope you can get them back on this spring/summer :)
I see you're slated to speak tomm at #bnchmrk - see you there!
Need to get better at asking questions about who my audience is when speaking in unfamiliar places.
Will there be a Minecraft video today?
Heck yeah! Always a pleasure KH. RT so lovely to see yall today. hugs AND kisses, total bonus.
Hey now, don't hate on DJ Pirate Bay and his tag team partner, DJ Sync Button.
You could also try "The Hair Up There" or "The Banged Biscuit, The True Story Behind The DP Show."
yeea lol..its on youtube too
This is my horoscope today. I totally agree - "It's a good day to just focus on doing fun things. Let other people work it out."
You forgot the #winning tag!
GBU2 - Be that Light! - Suppor'n U 2day Let it fly!!!!
LOL. I admire ur prescience. If ur not CRAWLIN back home u should stop by our place on ur way home. Im makin Old Fashioneds.
it's very relaxing 😃
I'm not gonna delete you from my life. I'm gonna leave you there, so you can see how happy I am without you.
Have you been following all the coverage of the Stage 2 Meaningful Use comments and controversy?
NBC: #Osama death announcement being delayed cuz #Obama is personally working on the text? Can't he wing even this w/o his #teleprompter?
indeed he is :)
With +20% unemployment, any wonder why Spanish young people are protesting? Time for Spanish Spring?
wondering how you can find your knight in shining armour when you look like his friggin' horse.
FINALLY. This shit is amazing.
Brats, check. Buns, check. Kraut, check. Beers, check. Jamison Irish Whiskey!, check!
BASH!!!Love U
I am excited for her!! Keep us updated. She's gonna be a big star and buy her mommy a house in LA and a nice car. ;)
Lololol!!! I know! ;'D RT : better win cuz this jose guy is mean ;D
is pleased to announce that Jin Kim has joined as a licensed salesperson. All the Best!
10g per day increase in alcohol in women associated w 7-10% increased risk of breast cancer. 1 beer contains 13g & 4oz glass of wine 11g
Why do my children love their grandparents more than they love me?
has just been dubbed the official the #tagnazi of the congrats, good sir!
studying for my next exam.. hopefully will find out about my last one this week...
When you dont focus on God you allow your circumstances to desribe God to you
#Worcestershire don't need to take lunch. They just had a feast.
RT awww i miss my hair when it was teenie ./ready for this stage to be OVER
That's hot lmao xD It just calms me down and mad, sad, or depressed I feel better after it.
The fact that my mom just said my brother is cuter than Justin Bieber <<<<
"How can a young man keep his way pure? By keeping Your word." - Psalm 119:9
I was going to say, I can't believe they let Diamond Taylor back in the Kohl Center.
Thanks to Denise and Bruce for a lovely dinner and a wonderful visit at the Inn. Come back to see us soon!
Why doesn't swa have the staging area look like the plane then have us board from the rear? Please retweet to company president. Thanks
They have been doing this all post season. They suck in the second.
hugs not drugs!
not that much to say tonightt
Design, code, design, code. Rinse and repeat.
I had to take my car to the shop this morning. I left at 730ish. Ugh
those glacier photos were KEEPERS! in my screensaver folder as i type, thx!
There are way too many people in Phillies gear on this train.
I bet doesn't start tonight. Not because of yest, but because hamels is on the bump. Watch the media spin that one...
Hoffman is a brewer yet again, sweet!
Don't forget that bear that got photographed falling from a tree last week that got hit by a car today.
Join FAB- it's FREE and they feature beautifully designed items DAILY! Click the link below and take a look!
Reminder all members the fast starts at 6pm. Get ready for Breakthrough.
Hey, totally love it.
bye everybody for now! i follow back by the way!! <333 :)))))
Matty disappeared, i wonder where he's at ;)
he's 94 years old #Ballsy mcballs
hey sweets I know ur goin thru a tough patch,keep ur head up & have faith! Xoxo
should have worked out today....damnit
Listing to "On My Mind" Dear , Why are you so AMAZING?
I just wikipedia'd Hunger Games. Now I know why I didn't know what it was, it's for tweens.
once in the cloud it has to go down.
sometimes, writing... makes me want to cry. Who knew how painful writing would be - probably everyone that has a PhD, but still...
let me know when you're coming! Lol
Really great tweets! Thx for sharing - I feel like I was right there. Farmers Field stuff particularly interesting. Safe travels!
Just finished my last FYDP class of the year! Even though it was last day, had a student call me Joseph #really!?! Obvi didn't pay attn!
RT : I'm racing St.Anthonys triathlon for Leukemia&Lymphoma.Please RT tosupport:Donations&Prayers welcome! http:/
Lol RT : Kind of over #baconisnotgarnish now hung up on beef Parmesan with chicken at Orlando's today #unnatural #lubbock ...
Ah i c. Dorks.
Been to Rome? 5 East 19th St (b/t 5th & 6th Ave). Free all night w/NightClubLinx. Sexy and chic! Call/Txt for personal attention 9175673803
Always do the right things even when people do u wrong
Berlant:"The impasse of the global urban present is shaped by the dramatic confrontation of the Precarious Peoples with the Austerity State"
RT : #lsmplace walkability, entrepreneurship, green initiatives, arts and culture all aspects of
Ask me why I was about to tweet you about how much I love you? RT : I can't evenn.. ;D
40 days and 6 hours remaining until my birthday
Couldn't find my earbuds this morning so I'm officially one of those hipsters w/ studio headphones on the bus.
Must...be...on...iPad...at...all...times...incase...someone...anyone...updates...anything...
So love me now, or love me never; because if you aren't with me through my worst, you'll never understand how I got better. <3
He looked at the house asif debating whether or not he should come in and try to sell some of hiswares
Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit.
good game frat! The refs were ridiculous today!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand No there is a whole other state along with it
S/o to all my new followers:Enter at your own will I ask that you to keep your hands in and strap up for this wild ride
If you need a smoke alarm, please call the smoke alarm hotline at 215-686-1176.
i have to take a shower -_______-
With no longer available, it's time to cancel
at tianas house while she does her chores o.o
AHH.. Lady Kathy.. Always Good To Read From You... I Bid You Ado
This Tooth Abcess If Killing,Me.. Who knows how to take down the Swallen on my Face? Shld I use Ice?
Bad day today :[
thank you! about time to crash. you are the sweetest.
ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO TO MY FACEBOOK PAGE AND ADD ME /bigpurp254
still aint talking to me , but that's cool i guess :/
