I can confidently, without one single doubt, say this has been the worst week of my 22 years of existence.
can you define "web genius"? I'm not in that category, but may have some connections who are?
"gold" being Internet access, that is. More coffee...
Getting my study on with on a Friday night during the firefighter convention... Who has self control?? This girl!
Vapid question of the day: does anyone have suggestions for a good mint colored nail polish?
There you have it, America. Journalism lives. Power of the people. #Badgers will lift transfer restrictions on Jarrod Uthoff
We've made it to 300+ followers! The contest is over and the winners have been notified. Be sure to check your messages
Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake
Thank you, same!
1. Spending over $5 per work day on coffee. Drink water instead and save $1,300 per year!
Did my alarm clock really wake me up at 4. Really. Really?!?!
Thanks! RT : Just got followed by Seem like good people. They donating100% of their Nov Internet sales...
Lol ": RT : I do RT : I don't think I like my twit pic<~~what Mr. Johnson not hating today????? Lmao"
lets argue real quick so we can have make up sex lol
Monday why you no friday?
Thanks for the mention -- in good company!
trying to connect to my work email...why is this system down so frequently??
going to the haunted house tonight :)
Rye Rye doin too much
I am a big fan of lower wedges with the open toe. Totally love red & metallic shoes, too. Also hot pink, black, white, & nude.
Hey Hey Hey, businesses in Denton! We are looking to expand our network of sponsors! Contact us!
I'm already knowing cuzzo, you stopping thru on the 27th? I'ma need hella footage I'ma be on 106 in August! Tryna really put on
Toilet all morning, call work to tell them I'm going to be late.... Finally went to my car to get to work to only find a hole in my tire...
you're welcome ! And we're so glad you loved it !! (:
I need breakfast!!!!
Totally random graffiti: THE CAKE IS A LIE.
Who's in NY tomorrow? And Who's in LA Sun-Tuesday? Hit me up...
Yes i do.
oh my god Anne, you look gorgeous!
I'm trying really hard not to cry over you because every tear is just one more reminder that I don't know how to let you go.
M... Coffee
The bitches you meet now a days...
Nothing beats southern hospitality
I have similar issues with some of my boxers, I have to make sure the belt gets around them, not trying to be dirty, just facts
(As in: "Huh. That kind of took off.")
Speaking of which, any plans to grace the Big Apple soon?
Certainly anyway! (hall pass)
Im gonna come back to school on monday with a bronze body
RT : Never a dull day in Lacey.
Sound olicy. RT : it is my policy never to interrupt the enemy while they're making mistakes...
#TeamTexans hey kenum you ready to lead your old / new city to a super bowl
Here's 2 a life of love, trust & new beginnings. Thankful 2 special people in my life. Sad 4 the innocent victims who have been used.
The delay of our fantasy bracket launch was delayed due to server issues. We are working hard on getting this fixed by today. Everyone...
Damn I just spent $6 on a shiner bock with 3.25 abv
Thank you!!! And you are very welcome!!
We shall see. Lol
not at all. I'm not even following you. Those sharks search words then follow. Send me your business page.
"The closer you are to God, the more strength you're going to have to do the right thing and say no to the wrong thing."
well the back of a dress couple be backless/cut low so you can't wear a strapless
Why does it seem like someone hacked You ? Um idk , but I cant wait for you album #believe , #muchlove (:
I'm confused... Did anyone actually think Collins would play again for the #Packers?
#Ravens have a ton of options tonight: Konz, Upshaw, Hill, Glenn, Randle, Martin...sleeper pick, though: Amini Silatolu, Midwestern State.
Sixers win again
Trust me, I've been working on my beard for years now.
<3 RT : the weez has landed in Pittsburgh, a mighty fine city. tonight lets rock together.
ray lewis is a punk!! helmet hit on hines......where is the flag??????????
So I felt like death for about a week & I'm finally feeling better :) Yay! :)
I do not envy the hours a Chef keeps.
Ok *Changes Channel*
Jim, can I get your email? Would like to ask your advice on a startup idea. Thanks. DM me, please.
we don't need no stinkin time to puff puff!
killer night. rough, loose, heartfelt; just about perfect. here's to many more. thanks!
Not sure I understand this whole phenomenon of little girls wearing 'BOYS LIE' T-shirts ...Now if it said 'Dads Lie', that would make sense.
Making My Way Downtown Walking Fast ( : Lmaoo Just Came On
thanks for sharing the video Emily!
shut up man, don't start shit for no reason
Happy Tuesday... Currently in my database course. Happiness is oozing from my body knowing that I only have two more weeks!
lol understand then well guess hit me whenever questions come about !
be there a little bit.
I want to thank each and every one of my followers <3 I love you guys.. Your the ones that brighten my day (:
Two huge earthquakes in Indonesia. Tsunami warnings issued. No respite for those poor people/ :(
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there. Enjoy every minute of it!!
I am so confused right now. I am not even in the mood to talk to anyone. I just want to sit in my room and yell and cry.
Hi do u deal with mtf transformation
you haven't? I got it around 5. Check spam? I will be there around 9:15-30.
Sigh. One more drink would have eased this suffering. O! Looks like bus might be here.
Of course! Keep an eye out for live tweets :)
"if you cant live in the wardrobe, its not believeable"-Mz June Ambrose
So.. I'm not at all surprised that the Mariners don't want another pro team moving in next door.
We don’t leave anything to chance, we closely monitor the caregivers & communicate frequently with the client & their family
Hope your day is going good! Love you and miss u
thnx for the follow. how are art and life?
Oy! At first I skimmed your tweet and missed reading the words "the tile." Then I said, "cant' be" and reread correct tweet.
You guys looked great on the news last night Rich Von K for the Steve Jobs story!
Thurs 8-9pm On Health & Healing on a2zen.fm. So excited for my interview w Holly Hall An open lines show filled with fun.
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills. – Jim Rohn
Man the NBA just really isn't interesting. Game 7 or not.
I loved BH so I'm having a great time reading The Solitary House so far!
...and they will never tear us apart, do do do do, bump bump. don't make me sing that out loud, Twitter.
oh wooohooo . (: u better not forget haha !
hey Justin
Anything is possible! We're actually revamping our menu as we speak!
Google made one change to their search box last year, they made the search box longer. People type in whole questions and sentences in Go...
what if the guy is also a nerd and is testing me? ;)
I want a puppy!!!!
to go with his number of naismith awards and ncaa titles..
Well, thanks :)
Have a show. Contact us to put it on the air.
how's San Diego?
Congrats on soon to be a father again happy for you and you're family man
Hello EP! How is the world where you belong?
Say hi to the Secretary of the Navy!
Ur the straw to my berry, the robin to my hood, the robin to my batman. #NeedISayMore?
Sounds like MN taxpayers are getting hosed by the NFL to pay for their stadium.
I cant do it today. But if youre there tomorrow ill show you it
RT "Four R's" of #sustainability for historic places: REUSE, RETROFIT, REINVEST, RESPECT-Kooles. RT
Favorite place to hike - anywhere along Lake Michigan. Instant vacation.
Republican Rep. J. Kyle warns against "knee-jerk" reactions after JPMorgan lost $2bil. Did he oppose "knee-jerk" reactions after 9/11?
Passed 32 tips today! And, 3 guests. Excellent meeting!
Misery loves company...
Oh dear. Just OnDemanded The Vow. Why did I do that?
Working in #DoheneyLibrary, trying to finish three books and my Spanish translation before heading home
Boot camp done!
Juelz Santana - daddy..."I'm happy now, I'm a daddy now, I gotta be there I ain't get to see my daddy round."
Staying on track and always in the right mind, Love for the Music till the end
Good morning ! : )
any cute Brewers stuff??
Was the additive-laden burger terrible?
haha nope I just chill in the back corner in the world war 2 section and play sonic the hedgehog 2 on my iphone
strip club
There's always the one relationship that fucked you up.
LIKE ManyFreeThings page on Facebook to represent your position in the Million chain linkathon! Hundreds of thousands of people may be,,,
GLEE should write in Crawford girls! Female version of Warblers-yes! Girls were cute, esp 3 on the end. Do they sing?
Hi all! Ready for chatting this week :) I'm Natalia, owner of and I'm a #sandiego photographer.
Thanks for #ARudin love-there's always a spot for you on our 2634 if you need a nap from a busy day at the !
just cooling at the moment about to smoke some
Just saw "Monsieur Lazhar"; I highly recommend it.
Paulin please rethink quick kill bill. Or, really, THINK.
RT : Happy National Library Week. What's your favorite library memory?
A common mistake we make is to not be so common and end up being wrong about it.
Jeremy Bird(OFA Rep)--I truly believe your ultimate goal is to increase the wages of labor, and not nickle & dime Small Business?
princeton look too good
Q:Who delievers cat's Christmas presents? A:Santa Paws!
I'm shopping them - shoot me your email
Sunflower seeds & Gatorade are two of my favorite things. <3
#TriviaTuesday Answer Vermont is the only New England state without a seacoast.
Fun Fact: Alan Rickman played Achilles in '85 for the #RSC. #Troilus & Cressida opens Jan 13th, and runs for six weeks
don't we all </3
watered 2day and cleaned up, just took tomatoes on ground which was many, 1 zuch, 1 little egg plant
i was kind of looking fwd to watching u try 1 of the...more creative solutions.
Darn! Well you'll have to come another time, then. It is open until 8 if you can make it over...
Healing | Palm Oil Health: TV segment highlights foods that heal · TV segment highlights ... Our kitchens are loaded with foods and h...
#mds3180 pretty sure it's a survey...
I bet! Any progress??
Always think about the clever shit u could have said after the argument is over lol
Man what it do! Next Level? Man we about to skip levels 2, 3, and 4....We going straight to level 5...lmao
thanks, glad to be a part of the family
LA Sports Fans Frenzy Kicks Up
Moment when you're sitting in the theater, ready to watch the movie, then BOOM! The human giraffe sits in front of you...
. talking about how tweets traveled faster than earthquake in DC last year - Internet is society's amygdala
can you please follow me ever since you were on americas best dance crew I thought hey that girl can dance lol
Wow! SOLD OUT of our presale NYE tickets! A limited number of tickets will be available at 10am this Saturday morning
Good times, indeed!
RT I'd say is one of the best up & coming in the city -nice show last night
Hey, #Oscar! NOW can we have the song performed?!?! #MuppetstakeOscars RT : YES!!!! "Man or Muppet" !!!!!
Just gonna smoke this one off:))
Don't forget the show next saturday! Know one of us? Ask for presale tickets! We gots em.
Is there a link for this?
Test post
Don't forget about the Bridal Show here on Oct. 2, 2011.
Cathy just cussed out the car in front of her!!! Hahaha she said "I wish I had a gd horn!"
my phones charging babe </3 i missed you 4th period though :/
I LOVE YOU OK. It's not my fault :c
I wonder what things would be like if was still in Escape The Fate....
thank you!
KBPS.TV is now seeking TV and Radio content for its World-Wide Social Broadcasting Network. Fully interactive with the audience start now.
...and a serial killer database.
Got up at 6 am to start reading The Bonesetter's Daughter for a PBT challenge. Finished at 3pm. My eyes need a rest.
Belatedly agreeing with your take on Cohen's weird & self-serving NYT review of "The Instructions." I'm w/ you (loved the book).
Take a music bath 1 - 2 x / wk for a few seasons, and you will find that it is to the soul what the water bath is to the body. – Oliver Wen…
I dont get it
Sat with an Isagenix colleague about social media and using it for networking. We both had great takeaway!
LOVE YOU!Check out my music please!I'm Indian too so we should go out!
I got 4g only in norfolk and in new york .. WHAT THE FUCK
Finding someone that you love is like finding the last piece of the puzzle, you need it to make your life complete.
dude that was sick! I hope you win it all.
Adam Banks about to start in the featured session at
I love finding an old playlist or burned CD. Its like traveling to my past; same pain w/ new understanding or its just plain
I'm arguing with a drunk bitch about how to say my name (I've reached an all time low right now)
Ladies... Can you tell what kind of guy your dating by how he keeps his room or car?
Rush's 4 wives have consistently misled him abt female birth control as a way to avoid dealing with his small penis.
Oh, now don't go blaming me for your poor study habits. I only responded because my timeline was full of your tweets, slacker.
our cataloging dept. just mandated we only make orders containing 20-25 items. they are DROWNING in bills upstairs as a result.
Is your app available yet? I would like to see more details can you send them to THX
follow me :)
Happy Birthday to my Tee-T Handsome Man
Listening to paul revere! listen up cause this ain't funny, my name is mike d and I'm about to get money!
Ghost Hunters FTW! Steve and Tango are BACK, baby!!!!
RT : oh hush it turtle LOL!// lol no you're Turtle remember?
I heart you & We r lucky to have u!! “: My brother and sister are everything. So blessed to have them. #lucky”
The rain keeps drowning out Jay Leno!
you are keeewl, I'll see you around 3!
Good morning, sunshines :D.
Yay #teenjeopardy I can actually answer something
Grading grading grading grading.
You have a good holiday as well.
Through Thursday? Get well.
#alatt there's still a homeless droid (w/ a dead battery) in the thinktank. Anyone missing their phone?
We had about a dozen+ people - some new faces, some faimilar ones
I might just delete this twitter because I'm never on it and no one talks to me on this account anyway /:
same mistake was made. Thought the Nevermind show would be good. Seen better covers at local bars. Just horrible. Ears bleeding
ayy that's wassup . nd i been good . a lots changed , but that's life , ya knoww . .
Back to short hair for me! Finally found an amazing hairdresser! 
Now is not the time to be sick.
About to meet with and her partner about our service offerings.
sleep well my friend :) hope U awake with a smile on your face :)! have a great week! always wish you the best Sharon :)!
he had school and work all day. he's gay :|
Is the weeknd's birthday on the weekend this year?
When the temp is very high, don't let your pets on hot asphalt.Their body can heat up quickly, and their paw pads can burn.
My love is conditional, but my conditions are reasonable.
I started following post-podcast, but only so you could have social network cachet in auditions.
Off to Valentine Day dinner with my sweetie (s).
#BOYFRIENDteaser show us! SHOW US SHOW US
literally or figuratively? Lawlz
I'm on 1
Matrix reference for the win!
Thank you Happy Feet 2 for entertaining the kids while I enjoy awesome food and company.
Followed back
Awesome! Great job.
Your welcome! have a great day.RT : Thanks for the RT last night. As always #smallbizchat was great.
A couple weeks until #MarchMadness - who's excited? Any bubble teams you would like to see in the dance?
I don't have any feelings RT : Seriously, can you imagine the outcry there would have been if cried like
Glad you could join us, What was your favorite part of 's Conference?
Great! Lunch or drinks soon?
did u read it
oh lol hm fail
RT:“ Every women deserves a man who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.”
if someone hates you for no reason, give the mother fucker a reason to hate you.
Wonder how tony the tiger feels about this ----> RT : It's a great day to
Guiness is only like 4.2%abv. I could drink about a couple dozen. I'll let ya know how that goes, you guys.
Robot Chicken to Do ‘Super Friends’ Parody Special
I'm gonna miss all my senior friends. And miss the senior soccer people I've come to know. But I'll be there soon enough.<3.
Its involuntary I swear....i zone out and my eyes glaze over every time he opens his mouth to speak...callate por favor
UGH- what do you do when your own family sends racist fascist e-mails to you ALL THE TIME?
Finally got new soccer uniforms. #thankgod ; Iona here we come.*
Hopefully can talk some sense into these shoe idiots. And if he can the soundtrack will be epic.
I am not going to plug #bacon. With the abundance of pork products at this time, I consider the price of 42 cents just too high. [1944]
: robbed I could handle. Murdered would be bad. ....I was trying to be positive
summer teaching starts already. i guess i'll have to suck it up and teach a class about pop music
um y you cursing so much wit that twitter name lls
#Mayweather getting the hammers drop on him, but can #cotto keep up
It's going good. :)
Hello Everybody
FAQ'S Are you in Tulsa? Yes, We are in Tulsa, at 7633 E. 63rd Place Suite 300 (61st and Memorial SW corner behind Steak and Shake)
Thank you very much for sharing that ADORABLE picture--you look amazing in that dress!
Kiss My Sweet Grits
How's 2012 treating you all so far?
Well, that was fortunate. Went to make tea and found the knobs on on the cooker. If that had been left, we'd all be dead in the morning.
Eating at Nature's Express vegan drive-through in San Diego. Very SoCal combo.
Thanks for the very kind words! Much appreciated. We're always interested in hearing suggestions too!
Google Maps once again shows Round Hill as being near Culpepper, I reported the problem. Last time it did get fixed but reverted.
Please sing #HuckFinnBlues on #PrairieHomeCompanion this week!
what dates y'all free an than ill check to see when I'm free
“We can’t be authentic if we're only willing to express and have contact with the parts of ourselves that we think other people want to see”
!My Mind Is Wondering To Wondrous Places!
My co-founder and I were in Private Equity (KKR) and left to do our startup, Loku. Happy to talk more if you want to DM me.
jumping on a train soon... hope I packed my sanity
nice socks!!
Ah google's do a barrel roll! Type in "do a barrel roll" into google
You're only as good as the people you hire. - Ray Kroc
Start with something small and do it everyday no matter what. With this invaluable trait there is absolutely nothing you cannot accomplish.
Adobe Creative Suite 6 is released today. Happy CS6 Day, designers.
Hunger Games at Midnight Tonight w/ & some twitterless peeps
I can always count on you to go there. One of the reasons I like you so much. Happy Mother's Day to Peeps await
It's official. Football SUCKS without the Packers
IF U HAVEN'T HEARD ON THE 1s AND 2s, THEN UR MISSING OUT. CHECK HIM OUT TOMORROW FOR OUR CINCO DE MAYO BASH! FROM 2-8PM
Hate you.
Hello Jenny, hope things are going well on the twitter front :)
Yeah Joe!!
Um excuse me? You're the woman so YOU'RE the one making me the sandwich. Just because we're on twitter doesn't mean role reversal
Hey , I just signed Keeley and I up for the Dirty Dog 15k Trail Run!
there is only so many things cats actually do, and dogs you can at least get some tricks to photograph.
happy mothers day, imu !
People have got to stop attributing general faults of people, that can be found anywhere, to the city of Milwaukee.
reports from Boston media say that Felix Doubront will be the #RedSox num 4 starter and Bard will be num 5. Aceves to the bullpen.
Monday just opened for me! How's your Monday looking?
oh, ha.up was wondering.
Gotta give em' credit. Google+ is trying so hard. I'm rooting for them but still using Facebook. It's just too big.
Big commitment & perceived $ for cos.RT Be S.O.C.I.A.L-sincere, open, collaborative, interested, authentic & likeable
RT - With the powerful receivers that we have, the Atlanta Falcons should throw the ball like the New England Patriots...
Did they say if they look for people with journalistic background or just web/tech?
Making the most out of my time with the family.
Sheeeshhh......you just got over low key......
what's your handle? were all truckers here at the
I know what you mean, I'm going to eventually visit all my subs pages and watch the new stuff...but it will take some time.
18th street NYC you aren't going to know what hit ya!
Disguise or confusing the enemy?
There should be a word to describe showing your kids a perfect film that they have never seen... The joy of showing kids
Graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire
Updated my art inventory file to show the locations of all my recently sold art. I have almost 300 paintings scattered far & wide!
We are new every day. -Irene Claremont de Castillego
Party crashing...
"The only way around is through." Robert Frost
you can play "fag" chord tho
hey bro
crafting with cat hair...may be the only way to become more of a creepy cat lady than I already am.
my big board is part science part work of art.
I feel like I'm bout to die in this hotness 😖
Cultivate your own capabilities, your own style.
is there any deals with horseshoes? I'm want to get a horse and if I could find a good deal, i think the horse will stay,
:A very happy new year to you. May you live well, laugh often and love much. :-)
worst paper Ive ever written. i hope he enjoys the joe dirt and fresh prince references atleast
I`m missing my first softball game this saturday . UGHH But Family comess first so
Mafuckaz alwayz talk down on you -when u tryin make ya way u an den when u up da B All in ya Face askin 4 shit- bt when its all gone da gone
#FF to all . i love you
LOL! i would die if i stayed home "studying" all day btw wht grade you in??
RT : Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there
Hello my boyfriend! :D hehe
we've now got an #api but it's still private you're not allowed to see it (yet).
Colts got best QB/player, best TWO tight ends, and best returner/quickest player. I think they've done pretty well.
Jersey Bound with Allergies
I was totally grossed out by that article. Definitely plan on changing my contact routine!
eh then not to worry. I know it hurts but there are people I would pay $700 to never have to see again.
#CNN: The $2 billion LA Dodgers sale to GBM is complete. New ownership includes Earvin "Magic" Johnson (via )
new hydrobikes came yesterday. who wants a free ride this weekend? we'll be at the congressional cup!
i like irish girls
were there too! its so nice
search your own heart with all diligence for out of it flow the issues of life.
yes china must lead but we must do our part and in doing so rebuild
ill be at verizon Wireless in STL!!
*falls over laughing* knuckles? Muahaa! That. Is. Awesome! :) :)
Question: Has anyone ever been to Space Camp in Huntsville, Alabama? If so, let us know about your experience!
Gingrich...was a soft package of sour narcissism, like a moldering lemon w/ a sunken white fuzzy spot where his head should be
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way. ~ Mark Twain
yes I did, need some help?
it would be so hard and damaging, my hair is so dark... that's always what's stopped me
c'mon....blow him a kiss, be nice
became famous with his speech supporting #creepy John Edwards in 2004.
"Don't have to be alone, because you've always known - Wherever your heart is my home." ::seabird::don't you know you're beautiful::
GN tweet peeps
I still haven't taken my small laptop off Paris time. I just don't have the heart to do it. I miss Paris so much!
cowboy nation CWO
LAX --> SFO on BOOM! Wing shots to follow.
I love how i ask a simple question cuz im curious & i get gripped at cuz the person gets mad
!!!! RT Keep my tv on when I'm going to sleep
JB = Jonas Brothers not Justin bieber
haha my kitten does that.. she purrs and plays with it too sometimes
Gnaaar... Im bored :(
Keep up to date with developments being done to increase the effectiveness of Google Places.
Holy antiques! At the Urban Market w/ Mom. I want it all.
I&#39;m just finna lock myself in my room all day today and do some soul searching.
baby im sorry (puppy eyes/face)
Girl Ive been bad again. Cuz with this money comes problems and with these problems come solutions and I use em
The Josh Garrels and Kate Lynn Logan is officially SOLD OUT!
I need convincing! Ha!
My definition of 10 minutes is 10 minutes or 600 seconds....all of my friends seems to be like an our or 4......
GET BETTER GARY NEAL!!!!!!!!!! YOU ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THIS SPURS OFFENSE!!!!!!!!!
using Sunday ticket how? Charging full price to long term loyal customers?
You say isn't it hard paddling out paddling out
Weeds is one of my favorite shows!
This kid always smells so bad, good lord.
Throwing HTML5 gang signs
So thankful to have such understanding people in my life
now is not the time to die of pneumonia. ok maybe im being a little dramatic BUT STILL.
Great to see a strong turnout at #SLA2012 but they really need to get wireless access included for everyone!!
Anybody in the #Milwaukee WI area? TBW is playing in your city April 5th at Mad Planet 8pm. Come join us for a beer and some Rock & Roll.
Don't forget to share your #FridayReads everyone! This is my favorite day of the week, I love seeing what other people are reading.
Some of best innovation today.. happens from the unexpected. Like - restaurants on wheels (who'd have thought..)
Twitter familia I have missed you today. But I had to do some apartment cleaning. Needless to say it took me the whole day :)
Josh Hamilton is a beast !
i gave my mom my drink, but now i wish i didn't :((
#WifeyMaterial...A girl Who dont have any sidelines or problems....no fussin no fighting, no games, Jus "Me and "Her"
Cool! When my wife was pregnant, she'd order O'Douls & turn the label around so folks wouldn't judge! I'm great! Date?
#nowplaying Only One - Sammy Adams ... getting ready for sunday
This rain is cute when you're in a Parisian cafe, not when you're on a #SanDiego freeway with ppl who've never seen rain before.
On April 13th at 8pm; am gonna watch #ABDC Season6 . . . Can't wait to see it so excited!!
#themost This girl with the stank face that just came into Simpkins <<<<<<<<<<<<
Your finally going!? :D
dat don't make sense
Celebrating my mother birthday :)
My school says I can't be absent 14 consecutive calendar days. I was at the last class and went to school yesterday. I'm not going today lol
plzzz follow your barbs it would mean so much to us
Are you coming up for the #Polar Express Meet & Tweet?! We'll have to get a group together for a #BmoreDrinkUp afterward ;)
I'm sorry! I'm just some guy with the same name. She's
Thank you for watching the show!
Can't wait to wear my new gown tomorrow!!
I can't wait for Game 3 of this series. Think WFC staff can remove all Boston fans?
sucks for you
glad you liked it!
I wish I had an #iPhone so I could share to fb and twitter..
Anything can provide you with a good excuse to give up. Yet nothing can stop you when you choose to keep going.
current tally is 8,000. But we aren't done yet. Come to the booth and help us reach 10,000
#degrassi tonight :D
Hey Darron Sutton, how's my ass taste?
The red head is like 17. She looks 13 0,o
thank you Haley!
Did you know? Smoking costs Calif. $9 BILLION/YR in healthcare costs & much more in lost productivity. We support !
“: Anyone on DrawSomething wanna play? :P” leash524
Just saw one the worse car accidents I will ever see. I pray to God that the people inside both vehicles are ok.
Let it come and let it be
Congrats on winning the Fiesta Bowl, awesome season my dude
I thought only fisherman lied.
song on #AmericanIdol lol I love it.
Great shoot this am for the short 'seize the day'!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope or wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. Napoleon Hill
are u a mistfit. That's what I'm talken about.
omg my neighbors are mowing the lawn at 1 oclock in the morning?!? wtf is up with them
To clarify, I'm taking a sabbatical from the #SMCsac Leadership team. Not I think we scared , :)
Just 2 more hours for the May Day Market at the museum... Stop by and check out the wonderful textiles!
"Everyday, 1 million people get the same idea for an invention. Only 1 makes it a reality. Are you 1 in a million Today?"—DJ(T&BNOV26)
is my new hero in my life
finna piss a lot of white people off with what i'ma do later on today. \m/
Maine fuck life
Thanks for following, Bill!
So we should have a slumber party in our basement is what you're saying?
What did Little Miss Muffet eat while sitting on her tuffet?
aye Jenna !(;
#first40songsonshuffle about you now- , Smile Back- , everything- (4-6)
Up and at it!
I just deeped throwed some toast
what's tht from?!?!
Book Talk: Hitler&#39;s rise through American eyes
When your creepin on someone and you accidentally like an old picture.<<< Uh oh they know now 
|#quotes You will either step forward into growth or you will step back into safety.
Happy Birthday Twitter ( *)>
I am a family guy super fan
oh. I meant the cafe in Tampa; lol
Gem Myers, , and Blow Wow f/ Tony Ruption def doing Whitney Houston Justice. Wish you could be here!
tired :'l
Newark-Essex Pride Coalition is having its first public meeting regarding Pride 2010 Wednesday Nov. 11 7pm Coffee Cave, Halsey St Newark
More like low rent than Lohan.
Just sold gold today and wouldn't you know it went down today :(
Yeah I Guess Lol
I enjoyed watching everyone push it that extra step this morning. You all definitely sweated out all of last nights mistakes.
Why She Delete It ?
You cast a spell on me , you hit me like the sky fell on me <3
Sign that I have too much on mind? Leaving my purse at the coffee shop. Thank goodness the good folks at held it for me!
To hear them laugh at all the stupid shit yall used to joke abt,
Blocked on Facebook: Done ✔ Unfollowed on Twitter: Done ✔ Erased from Cell Phone: Done ✔ Deleted from the Heart: Error ✖
Nissan Infiniti Goes to China
10PM and still 74 average high today 71 what a start to May First 90 possible before week is out
It's the best kind of history. The kind most people would rather forget. The juicy stuff.
Yeah, and Niall would be the most fun :)
Its not worth it. So I'm cutting it out
If that's u, I'm sorry, but I can't be ur lady :-(
Only two more pages to write; I have almost made it through this week, as I have written 16 of the 18 that I have had to write this week.
happy birthday
Go easy on the cheese this National Grilled Cheese Day. Try skim string cheese paired with whole grain crackers as a healthy diet choice.
I presume u earlier differentiated between salvation & sanctification/rewards/treasures in Heaven?
july maybe idk
I think that Timothy Geithner kinda looks like Tony Goldwyn in "Ghost." I find this tremendously unsettling.
RT this! cleaning out our closet and giving away cool sports prizes! Drawing at 10,700, 800, 900 and 11,000 followers.
Wow, a worry-free writer? This I have to see in person. :-) Would love to connect sometime/place!
More must follows...
just wanted to say that your sister Joan was my favorite part of Shameless this season! She is brilliant. Sheila and Jody 4evah!
#Huguely jury asking about "causation of death" in a spectrum between involuntary manslaughter and 1st degree murder.
Apparently...I can get away with saying random things...Folks just say 'Oh, that Crazy Nix...she so funny' *blinks rapidly*
That's so cool!
What can you say? He's their only hope against the tar baby. Oops is that word offensive to The Blacks? My bad.
did he ever!?:o
I'm celebrating my birthday this Saturday at Tantrik. It's guest list only so send me your full name if you're interested in going!
On the way to wales great british championships !!!!.
Watching she's out of my league(:
Dear job applicants: It's OK if your resume isn't customized to our job opening. I don't even mind if your email to us is fairly impersonal.
#WhenAustin acts like a complete goof ball in his videos!
What do you put in yours?
RT : I am very proud of the fact that I have NEVER watched an episode of Glee and I plan on keeping it that way.
I'm sorry
We will help HELCO meet the State of Hawaii’s requirements to produce 20% of the state’s electricity from renewable sources by 2020.
14 days till DC Boy of Splurge Gang is Released from his 11 month sentence
"Legends of Aviation" event last Friday. Call back for national commercial tomorrow. And meeting to pilot presentation on Thursday.
& fucking left me in digital photography! Ugh!
thanks for sharing!
The dorito loco taco changed my life...so good
Thank you for playing in Nashville for our Preds! We'd love to see more of you around here. :)
So tired, may fall asleep standing up, or worse... Fall down some stairs.
Somehow, whenever I read tweets, I hear MC Bat Commanders voice. That scares me.
when the lockout is over who r u most excited to see play this year? jerebko? knight? monroe?
ready to see the #cards do work in #WorldSeries game 4
I'm just out here tryna kickit
Thank you for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays or screenplays. Best, Matthew
You can do it. Same for me and then we are done! Graduates!
Bought tickets on the way in to work to see De La Soul this Friday at The Cabooze. Yes, they're playing a joint called The Cabooze.
I swear my nanny's peanut butter fudge is the best stuff in the world.
How is it warmer tonight than it was today?
The intro to Tales from the Dark Side ranks amongst television's spookiest. Still creeps me out. The show itself--not so much.
oh yes. I didn't get my speech until that bell. And they thought I was doing rebuttal & I freaked out & talked to my
Thanks for FF!
two kinds of juices! thanks for being one of my all-time fave students (and 1st sports protege)
Let the afternoon unconference sessions begin!
My mentions are dead-__- someone tweet me?(;
I am not capable of writing a pop song
go packers.
uhmm every one is asleep in my room if u come we chill outside or something
come to Miami please! We miss you!
Expenses: gas $38; breakfast/lunch/dinner $212; drinks/ tips $6
RT When Twitter goes over capacity, the world is clearly bored as fuck.
Watching the PIXAR documentary with the rommie :)
I'm trippin out on 's tweets... Lol.
Anyone have a hard drive they want shredded?
Wow it's been a while since I got on here lol
papa ruth is gonna get me shot one of these days
what if YOU have our picture?:o
black bean corn salad and Racing Santandar ties Real Madrid!
To rely on one player is silly and unrealistic. Bulls need to pull this game out themselves. It's not over
am i louis gf
american idol bout to come on #teamfollowback >>>>>>
Dear clubs and booking agents, a ton of twitter follwers no longer means a DJ has a following/brand. It means they have paypal & insecurity
GOD, Family & Friends always come first..
4 Pcs.Bedroom Set for $ 745. Dresser,Mirror,Q bed and a Night Stand EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Come by and check out our page on Facebook- Third Stream Giants! www.3sgiants.com! :)
do you not have my phone #
Go Chargers!
Fun fact, the #ReadingRainbow theme song lyrics were written by a band called "The Degenerates"
So I'm unemployed tonight. That's weird.
Thank you Sweet Tea vodka for a wonderful Valentine's Day. We found love in drunken place.
Check out the commercial section of www.leighwatson.com for an extremely talented artist - logo work, creative murals, faux finishes...
RT : I'm enjoying how Europe is pouting because they may get a $1 trillion bailout instead of a $2 trillion one. It's all...
This headache is getting the best of me. :(
very cool.
Thanks for the help #SwaggyB is a legend!
Funny how people only compare Super Bowl wins, as if there was not an NFL champion prior to SB I.
NFL network is so much better than ESPN. They knew the Rams needed a WR and knew who they were going to take.
my life is a giant predicament.
#chartership Is that enough to balance not having professional position? I do lots of stuff outside work but not sure its enough
Power out for 1,400 Summerlin residents - right near Hualapai Way & Town Center. Crews on scene. Updates ahead.
At the Friends of Balboa Park ribbon cutting 4 a new info kiosk. built the digital display repurposing content from balboapark.org.
dude I'd call it a sixpak
licking it like you are in a marathon won't help you win the race so take it slow and lick her how you want to be sucked sextips
BOBBY I LOVE YOU
your secret is safe with me. And our combined 700+ followers.
I love so much!! All my friends have met him except me :'( Why can't my dream come true?!?
In the New Year we are ramping up our staff! C#.NET, Java engineers and test resources. Sharepoint and Project Management resources are i…
it's a good place to live, lots of money to be made here!
Remember, everyone is an "expert"
#gradschool #SJSUSLIS long day, but fun!
Your #SunStandStill prayer, based on ur Pg 23 vison, will mark your life, achieve the impossible, & put u in the middle of the move of God.
Thanks for your post, as uncomfortable as it is to read about you and your girl.
I like them when i see them at the end of the rainbow ! LOL ;)
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone! So much love Baked goods, candy hearts & sweet messages abound.
thanks love😘 miss u!!
Family Night is Starting Right Now! Get a FREE 4ct. Nuggets Meal with an Adult Meal Purchase until 8pm.
My boo butt skills on the tat gun is legit pic comin soon :-)
Follow the nxt Senator from #Connecticut: Currently reps my hometwn of #Meriden & has been supporter of #DC in US House
Actually, I think the Ann Romney comment illustrates just how diffiuclt raising a child is. And it showed her in a human light.
A strong core protects the back. You don't need to move to develop your core. The core functions to dampen movement not create movement.
RT : Happy Mothers Day. Love the hair!!!!- thank u thank u
No harm meant by that post. I'm married.
This Saturday, celebrate Ben Franklin's birthday! Play with static toys and learn about Ben's varying roles by magnetically accessorizing!
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.-- Maureen Dowd
We (Hope & Hannah) really wish you have a very awesome, lovely, great, amazing, most special Birthday ever! we love you so much!
Hi, just had one other reported instance of issues with links. Open rate very high so far on the newsletter.
Put that bottle of champagne back Broke ass club owners are a Joke . You need rehab cuz real talk stop stealing from yourself ! Cuz💙
How much $$$ would Santa get if he actually got paid for all of his endorsements?
Working with brands like or as a chef can be a positive experience.
I feel like tweeting something but I have nothing interesting to say.
#7: Fur farms in the U.S. are the only sector of animal agriculture unregulated by the federal government.
S/o to and my brother for fucking with me and keeping it real #WEST !
Please welcome to Twitter! Hope to see you at #iste11 JB!
R u back to being my neighbor in the hotel?
Happy Birthday! #BBN loves you!
Jek, gone but never forgotten
Cool video, but I'm confused. Did you already have your birthday or is it coming up? If the latter, when?
ah damn
Savoring last few days home before heading back out w/ and co. Lil' Rock Wed. Let's do this!
YOU BOTH ROCK! Great to meet you at the event!
yes you better say that its so good
great article the other day abt Roddick's career with no Federer. Love to see comparison with Leyton Hewitt's career w/o Fed
Pleased to see my organization mentioned (Orchard Village) and our needs highlighted! Thanks for the shout out!
I've seen them show up within a few minutes, after someone tells me they got it, to 4-5 hours. Then some just show up
At paul brown stadium.... caw!
We'll leave them with their regrets.
we hope you enjoyed the show!
Spinning tonight at Envy in Route 66 Casino! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Sunshine coming again. People kayak etc, don't realize if they get in, water still so cold they get hypothermia..in 15 min. Careful.
Haha, you're right. Not.
thank you!! :) “: Thanks for the time. The community appreciates your hard work”
GREAT DEAL GREAT SHOTS HEADSHOTS @ a RECESSION Rate. $115 (Regular Price $200) 2 looks and Retouching included www.flickr.com/mikeflowers
Wow RT : HUGE interview on today: Goldman Sachs Chairman & CEO Lloyd Blankfein - live at 11 ET. Another First on CNBC! $GS
Someday everything will all make perfect sense.
with them biscuits and gravy girl
if he isn't up by 7 we might need a search party jk
and I'd be all right, if it were just til st.patrick's day. At least you're not getting broken up with like John!
Mothers day gift ideas?
is this really that surprising to you?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
would be cool to see hashtags africa tweets even if i need help translating
damnn havent been on this in a while!
Unrelated: is anyone else seriously freaked out by that Fergie Cherry Dr Pepper commercial?
Thank You! : <3 Happy weekend!
at FYE on Broad St. right nowww!!
I kind of love having all of these #MLS games going on at the same time. Makes for an exciting Saturday!
cheer up. You've got to beat that tests ass now!
You're not a thermometer your a thermostat. The thermometer adjusts to temp. But the thermostat sets the temp. SO let's set stuff in order
ohh shit then you should be on the big screen then.
Bill Polian is talking a/b how Cousins complements Griffin as a QB...you can only play one at a time! What the hell are you talking about?
Keep Subtweeting The Bitch I'm Going To Go TF Off!!! Like Why Are You Acknowledging The Hoe. You Got 2 Minutes To Erase All Of Them Tweets
Damn right I got it. Damn right I'm bout it.
aww you have a twitter my bff haha see you tomorrow lol(:<3
it's 420.....gonna get ready for sleep.
Bailey Zeil Throwing Knife, Stainless Steel, Leather Pouch Reviews -
Another day in paradise...
Spot on, Ande.
Volunteering IS SEXY!
Long day/: new schedule!
watching tv ;o wbu ?(x
Oh, with what software?
#Obama: "Congress needs to double the number of work study jobs". Loud cheers.
Excited for hosting Miami session Thx Great having 's Pres. Dr. Padron &more
Fear is the foundation of most governments.
COME MAKE ME!
This some bullshit.
Pacer game with the brah
I like pass/fail for sure.
Ooh oh! Chemistry?
GM y'all, big day today, lets make it happen.
sent you dm asking for your eml because i don't have it. Would u mind sending to me?
#CabinInTheWoods. That is all...
#BeSuretoDrinkYourOvaltine Merry Christmas everyone :)
Would you like free promotion? Please email me at for details!
well are you surprised?
Congrats to Joss Whedon & The #Avengers for having such a huge opening weekend! :)
how do.you think I feel.
Spending our first honeymoon night having room service in bed
once the featured artist section is up and running we will be in business
Helped set up an interview to volunteer at the Hospital this summer with a little help!!!! Thanks Jim Aksamit!
...think I'll listen to 4/26/02 on and take my mind back 2 the mtn. Hard to believe 10 yrs has gone by...
that is some #chingadera! Sorry!
: Please back online #poker. Licensed U.S.-based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated & age verified. Thanks!
miss you! And I know your work tomorrow is appreciated.
just sent it again
Bored. Waiting.....
#anygivensunday maybe best #football movie of all time and
The fact that Android sucks is irrelevant, as was the fact that Windows always sucked. The best products don't always win.
I spoke with a potential tenant of the Fallsway Spring building. HE and the developer are asking. WE should talk about it...
Which do you savor most: The first bite? Or last?
“: Did you watch TLC at all? Thought I'd say Hello! Haven't seen you on here much...” I watched it :)
please write this up for SM so that I don't have too -- I think I might get an aneurism if I take it on.
Looking for something free to do Friday #SanDiego? Check out for a FREE tea tasting at 5pm. 3009 Beech Street.
I love soccer
ok I'm confused. Site looks like it hasn't been updated since 2010""
Ugandan doc looks great! I'm manning the sound mixer at the party tonight
No problem! : )
i love my life cuz im doing me enjoyin life til i can't do it anymore never let anybody stress me out cuz im always doing do ain't got time
Watching the trailer for Prometheus scares me. that sound is just too much...... 😖😱😖
is atlas.
Whoa. Scary stuff.
What's that mean?
Already working on Allegro's next production called Avanti! Very exciting new vocabulary of movement :)
They moved it to tomorrow night
Half hour left on some spectacular items and tickets! Call 414.258.2537.
Simple amusement: when you buy Lärabars at Walgreens, sometimes they show up on the receipt as "DIET AIDS"
Just listened to the teaser for 's song "the drug in me is you" and I think my head just about exploded. I can't wait to hea ...
Good morning Grand Rapids! Did I miss anything while I was away?
irony: drawing trees on paper
Google Law: an open and easily searchable law database that would empower citizens to be their own lawyers
Persistence is a great quality to have in GOD!!!!!! It will take you farther than your mind can comprehend. #don'tloseyourpassion
I still think should have won for sue
agreed new twitter handle ""
RT im feeling totally left out, ignored and it definetly aint good ecspecially if its coming from my best friends
#30thingsaboutme. 1: I love learning new songs on my guitar. It's become some sort of obsession in a way.
its on your front page center under fresh produce
": we gotta link up on a track soon my dude!" Let's do it man! U gotta beat in mind? if not I can send a few I got
I wish my best friends lived at my house. It would be so much easier.
Gorillas in the mist
I ALWAYS STAND WITH NEKO. RT : Saw "Girls"...Why isn't it called "Trust fund girls"? Also where was the "edgy" and...
Hint #3: I am sometimes referred to as the Chinese version of the American staple, BBQ sauce
What kind of hair do oceans have? ...Wavy hair.
Spring Fever! Ready to get outdoors and enjoy some fishing,boating,camping, and hunting? I know we are!Get out and start an adventure :)
You're on twitter! Been a busy week. Going to do my best to have a proof to you on Mondaisy. Does that work?
yes, my friend who tweets me said 50 people are outside milling around, it's open. : )
how is NYC today?
St ides mixed berry! Ol skool!!!
Thank you for the follow!!
#WhatwouldItBeLike if #newyork invested in communities instead of using #prisons as an economic stimulus plan?
good luck with that! I don't have it in me :-/
YES HAHAHHA! <3 with jamiee! the pretty girl i showed u (:
No, your ears are smaller, and you are MUCH better looking.
This job is gonna have me tan as a mother fucker from working outside. Lord knows I need the sun too
is trying to figure where to take SF peeps for halloween stuffs. pressure's on! can't be just plain getting drinks...must be special drinks.
Follow me
Us too! RT : We're broadcasting our opening night performances live on radio this year and we're pretty excited....
That would be Awesome! :)
thanks! we hope you enjoy using it!
New Label on the come up, Trill Talk Entertainment L.L.C Follow
RT : Good to know you & your music, Aoede/Lisa! favorite artists are sopranos. : ] TY Following :)♥♪♫
happy birthday to my brother - wish him well, you stupid cunts!
good idea...cupcakes for all thanks
Ran across this Zappa quote today, "Music, in performance, is a type of sculpture. The air in the performance is sculpted into something"
Really proud of who is directing The Mousetrap University tomorrow night...pay what you can..starts at 7pm..come out!
Feeling dumbfounded...
#Jellyroot in studios right now!
wish I was in nola
Thanks for watching! I will be around this summer doing Braves LIVE. Hope you will tune in.
"Fire turns to embers, embers to ashes. they blow away to soon. Now everything after you is like having wine after whiskey."
I love listening to college coaches and successful high school coaches talk. Learn every day and you can achieve anything!
So I'm invisible to you now? That's cool. I have always wanted a superpower.
Damm those rapid releases really release rapidly. <_>
Hey hey hey! Did anyone swing by for a #SUBWAY breakfast? I did and I'm ready to rock this day!
phone autocorrect sorry bout it. :)
Are u ready for Hurricane season? 305-232-3344
Like how this power point does not work when its supposed to work
LOOOL BLANKET SWAG
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camps. Have great articles and pictures ready to go. How can I work with you guys?
Lolz MT : Kessler NH Predict! Bain Capital, Huntsman Xiansheng, Gold Standard, Tiffany's, Operation Rescue
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada .
enjoyed the LPs. #1 Caveman multicolored side best- 4th song+ #2 Julian Lynch #3 Red/green LPs green grooves #4 Grizzly side C
Flute Summit at Yoshis Oakland tonight. The Bay Area's best across all genres. John Calloway leads. Check out chipboaz article about John
I like pleasure spiked with pain...
you coming out for the AVN's?
see you there!!!
that was all ball bad call
i don't think he is andy i think he's a comedian;)
They sent me home from the doctors office. Taking advantage of the sun & getting my filth mobile cleaned. Yay Pink Elephant. :)
Yes, it's true, believes there are 2 food groups: Nuggets & Strips. More knowledge dropping now
I can help you get rid of some
NOW IM READY FOR THE DAY
I think I need to be on
Neil on Happy Rhodes - so cool! RT I've got a bunch of her albums I was given around 20 years ago. Good stuff.
That's what it means
Oh ya an it's my favorite day of the month. Alcohol inventory can kiss my ass
You should definitely stop by. Unfortunately, we don't have anything gluten-free at this time.
Brake fluid leaking. But we will still land on time. Probably making up for the delay by eliminating the time they normally spend BRAKING.
i have no respect for daytime television
Bout ta do i long over due collab wit the homie m.e.
Deleting you from my life completely, bye.
Just spent a beautiful spring day at the Potter Park Zoo.
Okay im glad im done with school this year but all my friends still got till may or maybe june to finish up..
“: "and that next summer" Michael: "I'll be 6" hahahaha” hahaha I immediately thought of you during that scene
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Moms out there!
Looking to do a long training ride tonight. Maybe out to NJ or 4-5 laps of central park.
Watching intervention and hoarders really makes me feel grateful. People have real issues.
If One of the GOP candidates is behind this Herman Cain slander and it turns out to be a lie that candidate is an instant garbage can file.
In Daytona, she want me to bone ha(Her), damn!! all I bought ha(her) was a shot and a corona.. -Jadakiss "By the bar"
RT communication is key. Rest is vital for all patients/caregivers. make sure to maintain other interests. even reading
I'll summarize it. The Flyers D is awful.
RT : one of few beers I buy casesesss of. ME:I was considering a case of this after my Hopslam and Storm King are done
Is there some sort of source for this description?
Oh, you beautiful magpies!
thanks for the shout-out! May God richly bless you this coming week! †
Another weekend, to much running around just usual!
You embarrass yourself with all the stuff you post on twitter....
I'm a sap. 'After the love is gone' for me.
bitch i might be
Nap time killed that to fast......Z
ahh still one of the best nights of undergrad. i was watching the video we took after the other day
I just signed up for my FIRST triathlon! Dewey Beach Triathlon 2012 bring it on!
I was wondering if you could help me and we have the same birthday as Alli and we would love for her to follow
omg, 67 orange won the cocktail battle!
BLM is 4 every woman of all backgrounds n4 the men who love n support em! It's hard finding good people 2 support n believe in your vision.
thinking bout #oomf & cracking up lol
"& happy mothas day to u both, IF u r mothas" -toll worker in nyc to me& thank gawd we're not like jenelle
#ThingsThatILike Shania Twain's Come on Over album
the flyers need to get off their periods and start playing like men. they have so much more fucking potential.
Glad you enjoyed it! I was just listening to All My Sons with #JulieHarris. One of my all time faves!
what happened?!
Hello world! Enjoy your Sunday! Don't miss the promo to get 10%off your purchase! It ends tomorrow! Use promo code GLMLAUNCH Greylinemap.com
Today's words - The mess you are going through now is preparing you for the greatness to come!
RT : We are the generation that can give access to the analog past. -Brewster Kahle via Jill Cousins
TY for follows:
“: i'm proposing to zayn actually.” gosh, who are you married to these days? :p
Carving a pumpkin! Only thing I like about halloween
Can anyone point me to data indicating that consumers are less forgiving of brands than in the past?
#6wordstories I need to study abroad, now!
Have fun, it's Friday night!
Commencement invocations are captive religious torture.
#schoolmemories skippin in csi when it was in the auditorium
Writing show reviews for the updated website. I almost feel bad for being brutally honest......almost.
I have to work... I'm so mad I can't even enjoy mothers day ;(
I came to a realization that even family will turn on you. :/ like why!!!?
When we stop looking outside ourselves for solutions & start to come into ourselves...
playin left4dead 2 secert maps and i have just noticed they have a zombie that looks just like George Bush. 2 bad . I blew his head off
Being the only girl AND wearing heels....MISTAKE
Will you be at the Elimination Chamber PPV to hype up your return at WrestleMania? Can you give any insight as to what you'll do?
Webinar timeslots are filling quickly. Don't get your feathers ruffled, make an appointment today so you can start selling websites too.
The shit I think of at 3am.
is in the house in the second row! Just went up and said hello!
Never underestimate the power of setting goals!!
That hurt me when I read it RT : My dermal got ripped out yesterday by my brother
I love watching an NHL game, especially when it's my Boston Bruins. They've dominated the Leafs this year.
My dad has been trying to get me to play Golf for the longest. When I get some money, I will invest in some clubs and try it out.
There's always going 2 b people that hurt u so what u have 2 do is keep on trusting & b more careful about who u trust next time around.
Are you trying to "re-live" your childhood? Are you there setting up for Calling All Sports Saturday?
im coolin son wya wit it
“Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone” ― Pablo Picasso
you tellin me to move out my house
Hows that for the old man .....
Congrats to Matt Maher graduating today with honors!
I am with Kate on state right now
When I go golfing, I don't use a putter, I just kick the ball. Minimal effort with maximum results.
Its giveaway time! Like my page on Facebook ;-)
Colonials played well. We are proud of their teamwork, we'll get the W next Saturday!
lmao I bet u would have take a pic and tweet it to me
#NowListening to Off the Ball, a funny sports talk podcast. Catching up on my Motherwell.
I Am beyond happy to be home.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
I still don't like Steve Nash's face.
waking up to thunder and lighting << #scaredtweet 
were still playing with prison, we used for the iowa tournament
Neighbor gave the dog a Milkbone on his way out. Other neighbor gave her a t-bone from his dinner that he saved for her. Damn she's spoiled
Dear MN drivers. Roll down your freaking car windows! Its heavenly spring weather outside!!!
It's rain people! Not fire balls falling from the sky. DRIVE!!!!
IN LA AND IT IS HOT
Why I'm planning on homeschooling. :)
Bruce would eat your throat and mount your corpse. He will stand for no such folly.
The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, the skanks are cuffing, today is gonna be a beautiful day.
Like that? Haha got you !
Got the Fat Burger!
Those tears you can't hold back.. Having some right now.
What's poppin houston,TX in ya city trying to party for my bday so wat it dew
RSVP: FR Productions
Ok eat clean and get dress
My is so good, I might as well have no insurance at all.
": Hanging w my bestie " - So enjoyed ur company we gotta do it more often!!!
- SMH !!! Thinking you gone send it to me thru emails but shidd fuqx that doe imma get it on disc
Why is it *good luck?
Listening to marketing student presentations who used SBDC clients as case studies in class this semester. Some great ideas being shared!
I just now realized how much I love pudding!!
Did Charlize Theron win an Oscar just for pretending to be ugly?
I got a tan for once in my life!
I know u haven't made your mother's day resos yet. I can help. Let me know what H2S restaurant you want to go to.
lolz= laughing out loud zebras 
Great presentation tonight by Anthony Molinaro of Slides and Video to be posted soon. #erlang www.erlang.la
TONIGHT TONIGHT IS THE BASH! LET'S ROCK!
3 Crucial Affiliate Marketing Tips
Out of the frying pan and into the pentagon city mall. Rescue me from this hell twitter.
"I was given so much more than what was taken away from me"
MT : Honored to be joined by Libby Doggett of for conversation about #homevisiting policies at member meeting
: Great news gathering.
Tomorrow celebrate Mother's Day at Ward's! We are open this Sunday from 4pm - 7pm Free glass of house wine & dessert for Mom
Twitter is lagging . who agrees ? RT !
This day just continues to go down hill for me.
you had to bring up Kit Kat......you wench! -starts scratching-
RT : wow. just had a magical moment during commercial w/ Stern & Fallon as Jagger & Richards & Mick Taylor as...Mick Taylor
Exit Twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Twitter.
So is random screaming a phase that 2 year-olds go through? Why does my sweet little boy randomly scream at the top of his lungs?
Oh, I see. Huh.
like they way the attack is building from the right side. Haven't seen that for a while
thanks!“: Your vegan chocolate parfait is awesome, even though I am no vegan foodie. Great alternative indeed!!!”
Glee was ndkskskskksosmxkxksmsdisnsodnsosk #AMAZING idk how I'm gonna make it through the season finale NEXT WEEK! #graduation 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Junior Seau was one of the greatest... Terrorized the Chiefs for years
Pool!!! Im hoping for Coronas and bikinis.
Crazy day with my crazy friends getting crazy!!!!
i cant lie. I really am thinking about just going by my last name. Its catchy
Im still up
Thank you! RT : +1 RT : Best Lincoln-Reagan dinner ever. Great job and !
Yes you can
Excited to do some work with our friends , Thanks for the opportunity!
“: NONONO I HATE THAT THEY JUST KILLED OFF MY FAVE CHARACTER NONONO! FUUUUUUUUUUU THE WRITERS OF #GREYSANATOMY -____- I'm pissed”
I have 4 tomorrow. Well, 3 + 1 CB. Im seeing about 50/50 union / non-union. We all win :)
Thanks bud! RT : Wishing a very happy birthday! Be sure to give his band a listen.
#shoutoutto the beer mug!!
. my fav skirt:)
"The biggest challenge in life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else."
I have never watched the show but with you on it I would be GLUED to my TV. Literally.
i love to
Library Journal interview w/Recorded Books Troy Juliar: "The CD still has five years by our estimation." (Dec. 2011, p. 78)
Roll bounce.
Fans are king. It really is about building a strong base.
Hi: - Thanks for following me!
I Love Austin Mahone With All My Heart <3
Eveyone is hanging up on me!
Do you the sync set up to delete photos from the phone?
I remember a while back, where I used to talk to most of my followers and had friends. Now, I barely do :(
heyy:) dude im so ready to open our photography shop.
Having dinner in clarksdale,ms with Morgan Freeman
Support SOLAR & we'll support you - 24000 new jobs expected www.brighterenergy.org/17722/news/solar/us-solar-companies-to-create-24000-jobs/
I respect anyone in the Navy, better yet anymore who's fighting for our country.
What MLS software is throwing the MS OLE error? Seems ancient, haven't seen that one in a long time.
Natural Health Study For Female Weight Loss: Receive Compensation up to $400 for Participating in Natural Health Clinical Trials. Sta...
#protip Always taste your drink before you leave to see if it was made properly.
Austin is weird. I'm weird. We're meant for each other(;
planning on it eventually. Probably next year or so.
quite possible that September will be the busiest month for us in history.....I LIKEY. #my city # promotions,
Had the county jail call you to post my bail... Can't believe you didn't have my back...
11:00pm; AC running nonstop; still 82 degrees in the house. Time to call the AC guy - hope it just needs freon.
RT : R.I.P to one of the best rappers who ever Did it You will be missed tremendously!
When are u free
Thanks for the RT. I wish I knew about the AMA while I was still in school because I would have definitely become a member..
“ Patience can be the hardest thing about life sometimes.”
Learn How to Methodically Rewrite Your Articles | Seo Blog
the Akwasi Frimpong Foundation just gave away to #theShoeFairy in Orem,USA
But kids seem to know the latest about what the literature says about how dinos looked--feathers are a popular decoration.
BAY AREA BUYOUT FOR #BELIEVE(: #40DAYS !!! :D <3
Harker Dirge pins Torrac Hayes with the Dirt Nap.
marshal needs to come back. He is there only hope
who likes my new icon?? :D
that had to be one of the most attractive tweets ever lol
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
thanks :) i was pretty excited about it!
i'm getting my makeup done atm. Soon c:
Heritage High School Students Use Wake Electric's Newest Technology To Learn ... - Sacramento Bee
I like being high it's a better view 🚀
its friday...we call it the pre game before sat nite...open bar 10-12 ladies $10 guys $20...great way to kick it off tonite
please follow me it'll mean so much to me ! you make the best songs and you are so cute ;D ur sons are adorb♥
FB Bush graduate Demarcus Gatlin off to a good start for Sam Houston. Former Yates star Darius Gardner leading the way for SFA early.
your welcome, thank you as always :-)
Angry Dragon!!!! Although the imagery invoked by 'Spiderman.. Spiderman..'
thank you
#MayTheFourth be with u!
SHUT UP. And yes, I think they should, honestly.
RT for FREE FOOD!!!
When coming up with strategy for ur website, consider what will attract heavy content sharers.
She said she never been
"Smells like... victory."
you should be here already... we'll catch up. Have our event tomorrow - then a lot of moving parts the rest of the way
man i hate it when i have a good attitude but when i greet someone they shoot me down with they dirty little attitude
when did start archiving? #CokeArchivesHangout We started collecting in the 40s.
HOT HOT HOT! 99 to 90 Miami takes Game 1 YES!
You were in marching band?
When a girl ceases to blush, she has lost the most powerful charm of her beauty - Gregory I
Most famous people acts like assholes.
Nice workout. Shower time!
Jonah hill fat or not fat i love you :)
#WordPress #Tools Batch Categories – Makes it easier to add posts to another category, or to organize posts when importing from another blog
how have you been!!!??? Just saw you scrolling by. See you at #140edu again this year?
i bet your sister do that because my brother do it
I'm making a study guide
Waiting for Project Runway. Will post pictures tonight.
omg have I told you about the squirrel I got in a fight with!?
brb crying because rIGHT GIRL
God is Marvelous..!
Or to at least see where your head is..
activated Blackboard eWarning system-- automated mobile phone, voicemail, and email system -- patch of Bb 09
You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case. -Ken Kesey
how much each?
Hi to our newest volunteers! #Boston #GiveBack Pls RT!
day off, at a sports bar and no drink?
congrats gil, you a twitter celebrity
Tried to watch "Eat Pray Love" on cable. Only could stand it long enough to watch Julia Roberts "Eat".
#InMiddleSchool every single girl in my grade hated my guts.
Wait a minute...Christian Bale...BATMAN...is English? I need to get out more.
I guess I'll just eat my ass since there isn't anything in this house.
If you have not tried Moroccan Mediterranean, try it 15 steps from our door. Just had the Lamb and paired really well w/ our Syrah.
get yo ass back on twitter
She thinks i'm cheating the
MT : Thks to all who supported #UWSocial over past wk & our worthy rivals at #SconniePact-#CheeseAlliance rides on.
it was a song!! LOL my drunk ass...
spoken word is basically dramatic poems read or spoken infront of ppl.
How much you wanna bet Austin is only going to RT people when they say they bought the new Popstar Magazine.?We all know it's true:/
#6WordSciFiStory - Just woke from hypersleep. Where's everyone?
awww , : ) gonna be around Erie , bestfriend lil sister party , you ?
I'm about to put together three mixtapes!!! First one is set for June 3 Second in July and currently finish up on the third now
Preparing to hear The Goodby speak.
well I'm enjoying my iPad I'm doing more geek multitasking now than ever I love it. I've been going podcast crazy lately :-)
Bad accident in final laps in Nationwide race at Talladega, driver being cut out of his car...
Mango/Orange or Grape 50cent's street king energy shots tell me with one has the best taste
Great new spot
Donkey show
I know. I want to. Is she like underground? Do it. Can I be flower girl? Haha
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana almost banana
Quickly #Chargers at No. 18. Cordy Glenn or Mark Barron (trade up) or David DeCastro.
Thanks Bridget! Hope you had fun last night!
hahaha I know right?! Well, Logan with longer hair(;
which jasmine we talkn about, cause ive always wonder how my own ass be tasting like
#honestly I hate Being single.......
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
That's pretty crazy!!! Is everything ok?
Future comin to the town tho
Man, Lexi's word vomit on last night's
#churchplanters Your vision will only go as far as the leaders you surround yourself with!
sorry. my fault. trying to instigate a bidding war and jack up commissions.
its .. yeah he is really cute<3
All Softball is rained out. Kickball at Unthank and Gabriel rained out. Sewallcrest Kickball and King School Park Kickball are playable.
Hey ! Loved your West Wing Reunion vid! Check out walkin' n' talkin' for Season 2!...
Damn I'm mad tired =(
DOJ says: “The facts simply don’t support the claims contained in this report."
when is bazaar Miami opening? I REALY want to have my best friends bachelorette dinner there. We're flying down in June
Never, ever help from strong side corner against even average players. Vs good ones it's automatic 3 pter
hiya - How are you? It's been a while.
im gettin the twitter updates on my phone thats next to me but im tweetin on my laptop...
Can anyone recommend a good, reasonably priced self tanner that won't make me orange?
Prosecutor: We don't know what happened but she probably didn't want her kid so she must have been responsible.
I hate school :/
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one
you always had that drive from our jammin g days again congrats.
This week's Weekend Update goes directly to the Hall of Fame reel. Three of the best, & your priceless reactions. TY!
u were just talking to me and on fb u said we made ur night so make ashlees and follow her <3
We wish IL Senator Mark Kirk a very speedy recovery. Our thoughts are with you and your family, Senator Kirk.
Tell me you made it to the Haunted Mansion.
Heyy you wanna please followww me it would make my lifee<3
I had lots of fun with you! We need to hang asap!
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 5
Or requires being korean. I wonder if it's going to be removed from the app store entirely.
It's just rain!!!! Drive, people.
hey Karla wassup? lol I think you think to much for such a beautiful girl lol. cheer up girl ily :)
Meat eaters: What's your number one meat to go on a pizza?
My left leg is longer than my right leg, i just noticed after 18 years of life.
I already left //;
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there. Make motivation a habit & you will get there more quickly and have more fun on the trip.
Thank you darlin! It was touch and go there for a little bit with those burpees.
G shit, did she retire? :(
Woah! David Duchovny on #TwinPeaks. "That's a good color for him."
#nowplaying My Never - Blue October
I'm BACK on TWEETER..!! BE GONE for to LONG!!!
Making lists and checking them twice. Done and done.
I know!
Miami got the best 6th man the refs!!!
Flying out in 4 days to the Philippines where I'll be living for a while.
said goodbye to Tsipi?
if with jeans - skirts, no deal!
#iftheworldendssaturday, SO F'ING WHAT? You won't notice any difference, trust me...
Very cool!! Can't beat the weekends for catching up on the things you love :-)
<--- sitting in her bed with sunglasses on
I Want 2 Go Out Wit U So Bad Ur Beautiful
Ohh your so sweet!!! =D your def. one of my Twitter BFFs =D x
Check me out on radio4by4.com with streaming video and sound from the clevelander hotel
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
HELL YEA!!!!!!!! THOUSANDS YEARS OF DEATH!!!! :D imma start doing that to everyone.
Thus the name “Zanbeelart.” Art is story telling….. scripture of the times, unfolding fantasy and reality.
