Father, son, plead guilty to killing bear in Mass.
Glad You Came on the radio makes me sad. I miss 
Currently tracking bgv's for our upcoming 37 Korean album release. #stoked #CFNi37 www.cfnmusic.com
real life is better! That's when we drink!
Who said you were emo? You dont know the difference between scene and emo? LOLOL
did you see who is coming to the alliant energy center on 3/22 at 8pm? Tix go on sale 2/10.
All music! Esp. classic rock, indie and electro. Check out for some great indie & 4
RT : welcomes Candy Chang to Reno to present her project Before I Die Project. See a sneak peak here....
Either a basketball player or a jockey, depending on the eye.
Guitars are done! Vocals and production to go and we"ll have our new single up!
I love my struggle... It makes me the MAN I AM!
Aw, haha, I'm sorry! I can send you email updates?! haha
go out and find a girl instead
Mark Zuckerburg Happy B- Day Congrats 2 your Business FaceBook.
so many great times, No Limit we got No Limit. Like smashing my head open at winter camp snowboarding
Btikm on at Target!!!
i love you too Salma! :)
Ha! Lame.
“Lingerie” comes from the French word “linge” or “washables.” The seductive meaning of lingerie didn’t exist until the late 19th century.
Hahah this is true!
#TRAFFICALERT: ODOT crews are washing the Vista Ridge Tunnel right now! Traffic is a mess on WB HWY 26.
We kno why we do it, who kno how to do, so....we do it YKMD
If the Lord delights in a man's way, He makes his steps firm. -Psalm 37:23
New beer menus arrived today. Know what that means? NEW BEERS! Lots of 'em. Watch this space, we'll update as we stock the coolers.
If I do NOT FOLLOW YOU then TWEET ME so I can FOLLOW YOU BACK!! I will be waiting to follow you back! #StayClassy!
Awww feel it. Let me know then broski! I'm tryna get em fist pumping!
Eric Church rocks my socks. ngl. #ACMs :) ~Aria
No I'm not at the game, you'd think both and I are there the way it's going, this is beyond words
People are so weird.
kidspiration is a great tool for this
#Np Harvard- French girls
Appreciate it! Thanks for laughing!!! : You were funny as hell to!
Taking huge steps forward.
I am NOTHING like my family
i'm juss asking
Underground Podcast #2: Benny Blades d. Mister X with the Irish Settler.
>Getting old! MT : a girl was showing me her tongue ring at a party this weekend. had to put on my reading glasses to see it!
Celts take it to the hoop , be aggressive
I've said it b4 n I'll say it again, when it comes to rap is da truth hands down
my friends taking EMT classes too
All of the big three on Miami were in with a minute left and double digit lead... it's playoff basketball.
Thanks! Since I changed my FB friend page to a fan page when I ran out of room, I can't post places.
There's something so beautiful about west Texas that makes it harder for me to leave every time I have to.
My pal says #Irene - OMG the just reported that some houses have lost shingles! More #UselessInfo TOTALLY AGREE
*Correction. I'm not. But Umm, Okay.
dammit, now I want yogurt
new is on blast
This is awesome! thanx
Need to take a trip back to dayton I miss home
We're hosting a TechConnect event today! How exciting!
he is perfect
#Idol I have no clue on who is getting booted tonight. I like Phillip best.
sending my kids to school gonna get my nails done then head to watch you folks in Genoa City
Last bu not least R breed in the booth finishing up
okie dokie and yeah ik it burns I think Ryan tried it once
randall is not that good
I need to stop holding back my emotions. Cause every month there's one day that everything explodes. today is that day. someone hold me. :(
Good morning my friends, I have missed you all so much. I can't wait to get off work so I can twitter! 😊
Tampa St. Pete tweeps; I'll be at Inkwood Books, 216 S Armenia, Tampa, tomorrow. Reading from MAGPIES 6 PM, reception starts 5:30.
thank you sir!
when are u planning on coming back to tx? :-)
all i here in my head this morning is "Why Stay The Same When You Can Get Better Each Day" #upearlytotrain Thanks Pres!!
This working biz is TO stressful!
What's everyone being for Halloween? We need ideas!
They are the guiding oracles which man has found out for himself in that great business of ours, of learning how to be, to do, t
Patiently waitn for b ball season!!!
#InnerFire is a trending topic? Is that some kind of ginger joke?
Aww thanx same to you Ms.Music :)
Woah, I am not like that at all!
I said before if U keep seeing people tweet about & u dont kno who they are i feel bad for u cuz UR missing out on something EPIC
ok Coo Did u see ma New AVI yet?
i liked my jaw dropping!
YKK? YYZ is a great Rush song...
Dear 2010 self: THANK YOU for getting that updated tetanus shot. Love, 2011 self (who just stepped on a rusty nail).
is it at her house?
Watching birthing videos. It's a night of a thousand "That's what she said"s.
Devs: For detecting mobile users and sending to a different URL, is there any benefit to doing User Agents over Screen Resolution?
well still.
Just asked abt voting preferences by a polling agency. I have to read polls all the time for my job. Now I'm one of those polled. Too weird!
You say you know me, but you don't. You say you love me, but you won't. You say you're sorry, but I know you're not.
so if he was with west would he b Hoopin ???.
So impressed that answered all customer service emails herself.
If you want to support long-lasting change in the region, support other NGO's. Hear it straight from founders:...
Looks so much sunnier than NYC!
If he start crying im whoopin his ass
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO AN AMAZING, AUSSIE, ACRESS, BEAUTIFUL PERSON INSIDE AND OUT ALLI SIMPSON:)
yea yea yea.
THanks for the retweet Harry!
Each of us chooses the family into which we are born. If you can understand why you've chosen yours, you are on the path to wisdom.
needs to text me back or call me.(:
I believe you haha
Just received an email from the #Twins saying "Bloomberg projects Mauer with 13 HRs and .306 avg." Am I supposed to be excited about that??
Negotiating around anatomic impediments: Tactile clues, bypass techniques, procedural flow
I plugged my curling iron in. I don't want to curl my hair though..
No Talking Just Fucking
For those in AZ who don't already know: Super Stop Liquors in Mesa has something called on hand. And you're welcome.
leek don't get me started lol ur team is out & u wanna start laker hating
My boredom has intensified my quest to reach 1000 followers before the end of the year. Boredom and vanity; a winning combo.
op I hope you get my card tomorrow!!!!!!!!
Ugh he is annoying & stupid don't wanna be here!!! Tired Of his shit ...
well that was a pretty snoopy move there mister./:
- ChennaiGIP is on twitter as well... - follow & enjoy. Meeting notes are up & there's a poll waiting for your ans.
RT : Playing Smokin' Hot Aces in the Plazzo right now. This place is dope. Expect to see big things come out of this joint.
Congrats! Museum Studies Graduate Minor is lucky!
Off to yoga!! So missed it last week
Happy birthday
#boston WE GOT THAT ONE THING!!!
nice - thanks for the heads up! re: immersive surfaces!
Watsup dude, have you been monitoring our station. We are signing the best in the world.
My hair needs to be out for the Drake Concert
very nice!
Loves working with PR people that are nice & on the ball :) Makes us like the band that much more lol.
Nothing much , Getting over being sick.. Lol.
Thanks for the mention!
“: I yell and scream at video games when I lose.”
the post-mortem was super informative but you'll find we're not that similar. Check us out!
Thanks!! RT : Dont separate people's username on basis of their names sue it goes 2other pple
Tell me where you work and why you love it, please. Also where you live and why you love it. I am looking for new places to look.
I don't remember how to breathe.
Yea right. We're still going to have a better record then the Titans
I do not like Ohio State
Never catch feelings for a bitch an stay heartless..or else
POLL: If you interviewed for a position that you did not get, how would you prefer to receive the news: email, snail mail, or phone call?
Indians and White Sox underway on the Indians Radio Network after an hour rain delay
did you see btr! tell me bout that:D
MedRisk Unveils New Website
it has been a fantastic experience - thanks for joining in the #xeroxdrupa conversations
RT "If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. ~ Mother Teresa" Let us never forget.
That's deep.
-- Looks good, although I would identify the players and their teams at the top of each one.
I saw clouds the entire time I was selling
Tuna lightly toasted with
Please someone remind me to buy a #MegaMillions ticket before Friday!!! However remote... A chance at $476m is worth a buck!
"If you like somebody then tell them before someone else does." Um, easier said than done.
Who's wants a s/o for my 100 tweets?
we always seem to have a lot of teacups!
Adversity will not be a bad thing for us. It worked last year.
so tired
#Battleship with awful reviews? I am shocked. Shocked.
Surrounded by memories/searching for truth/I trudge on through existence/Just another workday
ATL Ravens: MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT TOMORROW...keep an eye on this space.
I hope people still remember "and such as" or I have looked like a sorry English professor in numerous conversations & on various websites.
All geared up and ready to go for Future Islands! And by geared up I mean there are FOUR PAs on stage.
Great day for spa services! Add a pedicure to any service for only $30! (usually $75)
Rockin it in da Park"Scottsdale Fashion Square" 2-6pm come holla at me for some free stickers...Peace
R.I.P Etta James, you'll certainly be missed. At last your lonely days are over, you are now with the angels.
If you think education is expensive try ignorance. - Derek Bok
Now why would you be asking to cut his hair? How about lion's mane ? Or messy bun ? #SKC has power hair!
Only 16% of ppl go to actual brand pages on Facebook. Most views are in news feed and ads.
A little more than 4 months until Ariana's album! #KillMe 😲🔫 I know its totally 100% worth the wait tho! #CantWait 💗
E-mail account hacked. It's a good thing though. I think everyone should hear more about the AMAZING acai berry!
Relationships take time whether it be business, friendship or romantic. It is all based on the mutual respect for one another.
Well, #Madonna sure knows how to make an exit.
Last tweet for the night!Peace!Always remember Put your hearts up!
.: how can we incentivize researchers such that their interests are aligned with ethical behavior, patient protection?
Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes - If You Don't Know Me By Now (w/ Teddy Pendergrass) - 09:05 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
About me i don't care what you think about me I'm me your you ;*
Anyone else notice our winning trend really started to take off when Giavotella came back? #JohnnyGIsFree #Royals :)
wha?? Ha well I'm out of the loop haha, what is it now?
Ahh true true, welcome back my friend. Lol
RT You need to run YOUR RACE! Stop trying to run the race of others!!! // that will preach!!! Blessings man.
Dear wind, It would be greatly appreciated if you can knock out the power at work...I'm over this Monday. Thanks!
I credit for teaching me to put bread in the Tupperware container my cookies are in.
So glad your enjoyed the Vicki Goldberg lecture last night!
Regardless of whether or not they're actually tacos, 2 for $1 is still a good deal
I wish<3 your singing is beautiful baby
Today was a day well spent with the family :)
You think you’ve got a long way to go, you need to look back at how far you’ve come Thank God that you’re not what you used to be
Keeping track of laws broken, by the City of Tucson, is becoming a full time hobby. Just found more violations.
IM WITH THE MONEY TEAM RIGHT NOW! ( VOICE) LMAO
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!! TO ALL YOU BEAUTIFUL MOTHERS!!! SQUAD UP #DUB CITY
That sucks.
*Sending you my prayers* hang in there.
Do blind link tweets work for you? E.g., "At last!" w/ a shortened URL. Or, do you immediately delete or unfollow?
VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE! Go do it!
dude! Happy Birthday!
Good Morning everyone today is going to be a good good day!
Grammy voting members receive elitist propaganda sent out on behalf of Neil Portnow regarding revamped financially viable music categories
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song.
hey Brad are you in Boston?
we ain't even cool no mo..
I've never seen an NBA team play with less passion and effort than the Utah Jazz are showing tonight.
If we move any more "forward" we will all be making $8 an hour.
Very poorly played.
yeah. you know where that is right?
"Void where prohibited by law" is some pretty terrible advice.
Uecker is in prime form tonight. very impressive.
i swear, im going to go to the bathroom, and his song is going to come on.. #justmyluck .
If. You. Can. Read. This. RT. This
Big day in the world of #sports media RT : It's OFFICIAL. Today VERSUS becomes the NBC Sports Network.
I am doing #wwonline. Yeah, we can be #ww buddies!!
What more do you want me to do?
morning(: and you too!!!(:
everybody up in my room an shit
Off to the movies though, this shall be interesting.
When you truly love somebody, you accept them and their problems. You can't only love the good parts, you gotta love the entire package.
Those aren't just orange. They look like solar-powered construction worker vest shoes.
anything other than free shipping? :)
That's too bad, I was hoping to see a Phoenix vs Florida Stanley cup final.
that is ur jeep?
You lucky dog.
and here I was thinking, new art… sure that will just take 46 secs. Nice time-lapse.
how times have changed... defibrillators? RBVs? When traveling overseas, food and staying active (walking/exploring) helped!
When your commercial features "celebrities" but you have to name them so they're recognized... you probably chose the wrong celebrities.
I think you'll be fine with the age thing... But where will you have all your coffee????
Yeah, I'm here
RT : We love seeing spontaneous networking in #CT2011 sessions! - just not sure why tweets don't appear w/ ct2011 htag
. bringing Halloween early with his keynote. Seen him as Zuckerburg, Jobs, and Beinioff. No Meg Whitman?
Patrick Swayze's first professional gig was as Cinderella’s Prince Charming in Disneyland parades.
I get soon much love on here! You're all fantastic!
nice base running Jeter
Check out Simply Interactive's new website: www.simplyinteractiveinc.com
yea i'm still with it gotta see my boys
Welcome to the D!
Cool, man. Do you write music?
still on for 10:30 tomorrow?
You can listen to our EP for FREE on Spotify. If you don't know what it is. Check it out!
I whole heartedly agree. I get so lost sometimes, and it's good to have someone to ground me bring me back to center.
"Success each day should be judged by the seeds sown, not the harvest reaped." John C. Maxwell
Mine and 's song is on.
We decided that although it would probably be cool if individuals could buy a single pixel each, in practice, it wouldn't so effective.
I KNOW! Can you believe not 1 of my friends has ever told me to watch #glee even though there r DANCING CHEERLEADERS?! WTF?
how r u doing?
diversity slap
This weekend's gift card winners are BARB ANDRES and SYDNEY ANNE HEATH. Congratulations!
Harry Potter!
you better! if not then im gonna not talk to you for a day! hahaha
You're welcome! :)
Lulz. Thanks Mac! Will let you know...
winning every time they mention Charlie on 2 1/2 men
great work!!
Our house has seen 271 years of Virginia hurricanes. Hoping #Irene doesn't make the top 10.
Social media and Internet video are about to collide in a big way.
Hi Randall! Check ur DM I sent you a few messages about a radio interview with Hope you can make it. xoxo
Too hot for afternoon hill runs! I find is better for an easy gym workout.
It's Friday. Hello, party dress. Yes, I've missed you too.
tell me why i should stay in this relationship when i'm hurtinq baby, i aint happy baby.
Holiday food drive going on at Southridge Apartments so stop by and drop off a non-perishable item any thing is greatly appreciated
We offer free 1 hour diagnostic test, why let that check engine, service engine soon, or any other warning light go unchecked.719 550-8282
well thats for u!!! and plus ur a guy ICONiac so its easier
In moments like these,I sing out a song.
Excuse me! She didnt beat nothin!lol I have those same boots but with a black trim not pink! Come on now Javi--SMH No faith!LOL
We're back up in running. The enemy wont stop us!
A big welcome to our new team member , another good follow in the celeb/brand space
Surprised with windows shut and pouring rain, I clearly hear my neighbor sing her lovely rendition of My Humps. Time to blast some tunes.
Mommy-why can't we live in a playhouse like Miss. Holly?I love that he thinks I live at my speech clinic and that it is the best house ever!
Reading the tweets as I cut wood. Life is good! 0-0 here we go
1/2" cubes are the standard.
super happy for you :) please follow
Does anyone actually like paper.li? It's automatically generated, right? Just feels like spam to me.
Writing does not have to equate punishment. Love and believe in the process.
I'm about to watch a movie about French pastry chefs. How awesome is my life?
Emelyshopping Buy Cheap G7 Grout Max - Grout Removal Tool - grout removal tool
Thank you :-) Happy Friday to you all as well.
oh haha Well I'm pooped. Night :)
Today is the winter solstice, the longest night of the year. Which means that every day after this, just gets brighter and brighter.
Having now covered all relevant snarky memes, we try to get some actual work done. Stupid Twitter.
ohh forsure :) next time we both have a 6am and its nice we'll go to the beach :)
Just watched someone dial a pay phone while reading from their cell phone. Hmm...
All bst 2 u JD FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Im Bored LOL
Wish I were there! Hope you guys had a good night
RT : RIGHT! Make your fan page about you (you just happen to endorse a product) TREH
to the stupid lady in my dream who got bit by the dog trying to save me.... LOL! ...then she bent the dog in half spilling its guts! #DAMN!!
life goes on by tupac is better tho
time to lintigate!
God Please protect and encourage everyone in Haiti. guide them with your spirit and give them strenth to build a brighter tomorrow. Amen!
Louis Ass Thing...LOLOLOL :)
Agreed! RT Could colton be a bigger asshole? I doubt it.
Derby is looking like mid 80's with a chance of the 90's? Heat index in mid 90's? Guess it'll be flip flops and shorts for Derby.
I guarantee half the "sluts" that y'all talk about aren't even sluts, you just hate that they get more attention than you from guys.
thanks for the RT!
Imma KILL dis bitch! She on my HIT-LIST!
by yourself? Rock it!
John Boy came into my office, plugged in his phone and make a fuss about dry shampoo.
I love you.
Yesterday I was super happy and today I just want to jump off a cliff.
i wrote you a song i try not to sing, it opens a door i have trouble closing
if Rodgers wins another, it'll be him
Everyone has the power of voice, new rules rewritten daily
Thank you Southern States for the free numbers. We have close to 80 players signed up for the fall program. Tomorrow is our first day!
"Bestfriends" has 11 letters....but then again, so does "Backstabber".
Glad I'm Feelin' Better Thoo .
RT IF YOU KNOW HOW TO READ!
Headed to coopers tavern to watch MUFC vs Arsenal. spending a Sunday AM watching a great EPL match doesnt get much better
I got a meeting already scheduled for today, dm me your number though we can talk more
Not fair to tease we WI peeps like that Cog! lol
yeah i assisted the second and third classes :)
I believe its at 1:30 if you wanna call Schnurr? Haha
Heck yes! What about you!?!
Too sweet! Thank you!! :D "just checked out ur blog! You look like such an awesome person! Congrats on being in "
Thanks for the follow ! I think i was just you 10 thousandth follower.
wowwhy not that's your first language pansona puta
I love my mom and always will ;)
But Girls are Stupid.
it's only twitter, followers don't validate a person..
#Chile Maternal mortality rate lowest in South America after passing laws that protect both mother and unborn child.
What is your favorite afternoon snack?
You have to now a days, that's how rumors get started :( #DrPhil #NationalEnquirer RT : Thanks for clarifying that! L
I think we learned that the Cubs suck but CM Punk doesn't
I hope so.
how was dinner? Whats the plan for Memorial Weekend for you?
Why can't i be pretty like ?!?!
HOPE YOU HAD THE BEST DAY TOO!
Tell your friends to #FF us --
thank u that means alot. I got alot of luv 4 Michael. He's inspired me since I was a kid. I had to share that love. <3
good call. We agree they need to tour again soon!
You will never reach your full potential until you have the courage to operate in your passion. What is that makes you complete joy?
I learned a while ago in the car business that the following is relevant to auditions: Every "NO" gets you one step closer to that "YES".
Just woke up from a dream in which I kept using finna. Apparently I'm a lot cooler in my dreams.
But then whipping! “: . describing the 'XML' view of the world. …'tho' in practice lots of invalid XML!) #bibnext”
Cup cooler/heater
AW yayyyy :) hahaha I miss frontier so much! Appreciate it while you're there!
Same! Happy Friday! RT : TGIF!! Completely wiped from a super eventful week.
I can see this goin 2 b a long ass day... as u get older u cant always b around ur mom on mothers day
Christopher Schafer Clothier is on the ballot for the Baltimore Magazine Best of Baltimore Readers' Poll in the men's clothing category.
Purely day. Huff said
S/O to the new followers. We appreciate ya
Playin Slabtown in Portland Oregon. 1033 NW 16th Ave., Portland, OR. Shows 21+ so if your an old person come party!
we have someone that maybe selling floor seats - contact us if interested
Give us some odds. What's most likely: a game cancelled before 7:05, a delayed start, or a long night of delays?
Enjoy your day! Xoxo
Ok, I cleaned everything that can be cleaned! DON'T MESS IT UP.
If they weren't also advertising loans and enhancement drugs I would consider not blocking them: they're like an _ebooks account but better?
Austin, I think you should cover Tonight, Tonight by , you'd be amazing at it! #HatersGonnaHateMahomiesGonnaLove♥
UPDATE 2-JPMorgan's Dimon loses clout as reform critic
Thanks for the Iphone update Itunes. My phone is now useless and I'm SOL..... Not sure who to blame but it was working fine before. PISSED!
are you coming to lower Manhattan? The local 6 to Harlem is too far away.
Omfg what nicolejust told me bout !>>> :D! I seriously started crying at the store(x
SURPRISE! Got on the line from ! They're PUMPED for the #SummerBlockParty! Full interview coming to today
flash back to the old AFL playoffs tonight.
Leaving DTD. Still no Mad Hatter posted online. Some exclusive.
: how about letting your fans text to pay orders on their phone?
Left over pizza
Longmont Plane crashes: 2 planes down. One crashed behind public works building. the other near County Line Rd and Great Western.
#followfriday Check out our friends:
I'm feisty today....like I haven't been in a long time. I must be almost completely back now. Laaawd help y'all!
Mexican bread with hot chocolate!(:
Straight up now tell me, are you really gonna eat that beef n' cheddar?
Notice there's only three men here. How many women do you think there are? About 100?
Following us pleassssssssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee you are so crazy hahah love you
hope the weather isn't bad by you & you guys are covered & safe!
Learning more any healthcare payments at
With and readyy to watch #TheVow ;))
I dont give a blow job because the word job makes it sound like its strenuous physical labor. Instead, I give mouth hugs.
That's a problem within itself. Being such a widely known figure and having a mess of a Twitter account is a big problem.
Happy for jb. Cuz he has a really deep voice. It's about friken time no offense. He always was a good singer.
Gonna see him later >
Makes the most of time, but stresses use of intranet page and telephone frequently.
yes mam! March 3rd at Murray Hill!
Should be interesting! RT : We're off to the Opening Party. Who's excited to see a "vertical fashion show?" We are!
which piece are you looking for? Let us know and we can definitely check for you!
Terra or GW2?!
why is your picture an egg?
oh hey random follow sup
Meeting w/ today to go over details of our new website-so excited to launch soon!
***ATTENTION*** I need everyone to follow she only needs 144 more followers until 59,000 she follows back
have your friends check us out by tagging up our page, we should be dropping a new demo soon.
look at my last tweet brotha
I miss you too!!
Oh hey! :D Nice meeting you too! It was awesome hanging with you. And thanks for putting up with our weirdness. Haha.
I think you're incredibly amazing and I cannot wait to see you in June!
We did a fundraiser night at the Westchester store and had a great turnout. The plan is to do another at Busy St. in Jan.
New recipes test: green tea roulé with fresh home made azuki bean paste. Will post the base recipes links I used + pics if successful
for serious! Can't watch that show w/ out a scotch in hand!
me too. Loving they're for the city center.
Bubba just out-Philed Phil. All hail the new pull it out of your arse champ!
dear ru, will be devastated if Sharon Needles doesnt win :'(
Looking for my favorite color. Cannot decide between purple and beige.
I'm out of ibeprofen and I have the biggest headache #notgood 
'What nationality are you? Cuz if you're Irish my dad isn't driving you anywhere.' haha
thats not relevant to the chicken/steak debate :P
Off-campus access is back! Thanks for being patient with us.
Flashdance? Not getting the lyric though.
Been a long day. Good day, but long. Off to the gym! BOOM.
we need your help spreading the word about UNDAWAREness PINK PANTIES FOR BREAST CANCER RESEARCH. tweet about us ~ tell your friends
Hey, sis! Can I call u this early? I gotta tell u stuff. :)
You can't let Rodgers get sacked or hit this much & try to win Offense just has to start the game better and keep it going.
Monday Monday Monday. Gotta get down on Monday the 30th!
just a joke
are u excited for playlist live??!
More work for us devs to prepare higher res assets though!
I like John Travolta in the movie Broken Arrow.
Thanks for RTing! How's it going?
Many of yhu guys had loved my last twiticon but im changing it.
My wifey and I are having movie night :) I love her.
Does McDonald's have chocolate chip cookies?
lol it's covered up with a poster!! Haha no one can see it
Thank you so much for all your support!
OMG thx for the follow :D
Indian summer in san clemente foreal
Another road loss for Brady Hoke and Boo-Hoo :)
Closer look at #pdxmayor 's race with of on at 7pm
#ConfessionNight I forgive people simply because i still want them in my life.
Oh the irony!
Ugh, waking up for work seems harder today. It should be a holiday since the packers did so well yesterday
We'll probably go to the Old German Beer hall beforehand if you want to buy me a drink?
okay. Well I'm here whenever you need me(:
“: Vegas has been booked. End of May into June.. Let the good times roll.. ” about time!
I wouldn't underestimate the value of your background. Let me know a good time to connect.
I hope to god he loses.
WARNING- The YouTube channel taemmojang is stealing passwords with a phishing site. Please inform people!
u should do a cover of E.T. by Katy Perry or Just A Dream by Nelly :D
Amazon one click checkout screwed me and sent my package a way old address...now how the heck am I going to get my blender??
Mean Girls! <3
just promise when the sun merges with the night, your love for me won't fade just as quick as all the light.
Kiss my ass & my anus, cause its finally famous
Any other early arrivals for #SPARC2012? I just checked in and am headed downstairs for a drink and some dinner, if anyone wants to join :)
RT wondering if you could RT our plea to save our school in south philly (Olmc & Sacred Heart) @
Hi Avish! Great blog post, hope you are doing well!
what up Junnie I see that you are on twitter. I went to your store. Adulttoyz4cheap.com. Wow check out this site
I'm sure the kid is cute normally. But this picture... yikes! (Don't worry twitter friends, it's not one of your kids.)
Has anybody ever noticed how similar Robert Downey Jr. and Jeffrey Dean Morgan look? Like seriously
Yes, maybe next time! Sorry to hear it was unavailable!
Just a few more days until and I play Hillcrest. Come out and support!
Latin Perspective is looking for sponsors for their Latin Jazz radio show and web site www.latinperspective.net
hey i need a friend to talk to im sad today
me to girl, S.I.T.
#OMTL I Want To See Abduction! It Looks Awesome.!
not a text but, goodnight! Lol
Why aren't you at our place watching the Eagles!
If you need a last minute Christmas gift....look for the Casting Crowns Christmas album. Amazing!
If you're like me, and couldn't make it to the Eyeo Festival, you can follow it with this hashtag:
Thanks for the #FF last week! You are awesome Meghan!
what a day and it aint over yet...fml
Girl time! Pedicures and Starbucks, does it get any better than that?
Whaddup Aaron, how you been man.
dudes got a CANNON!
follow my new account
That's my jam. I love that song.
Self confidence in street photography is an attribute born(e) of success & practice & self delusion Lose any one of these & you are adrift
What smells like tanning oil? Spring break is teasing me...
Dawes: our moral obligation in human rights movements to bear witness to atrocity
What did you all think of the #RyanBraun press conference today?
I know he messed up, but I'll let a #Real man make it right...
Thank you. The #Avengers have a great history. Always a pleasure discussing the books.
please tell ur son I think he's awesome and I love his drawing :-)
I hate the airport. ✈👎
The closer to your dream you get -- the more obstacles test your endurance. True are signs that u are about to arrive at your destiny.
I just caught my cat going in on my burrito -_____-
Heading to our first #Brewers game of the season with my Uncle. Go Crew!
#ThingsThatILoveInLife my true best friends<3
you own the internet!!!! get on it dork
Hi Everyone! We are having a 2 for $30 sale the next few weeks. Free shipping. Email me at , I'll email you paypal info.
uncoordinated fingers. I tried to delete it. Guess I'm slow AND uncoordinated. Did you get my second artempt.
I am, and I do! Worlds colliding!
no prob man if I get the time this summer I'll come lift with u guys !
Man with dyslexia prematurely makes a scene an quits his job cause he thinks he one the lotto lol
So was that okay with everyone?
#chocolate for breakfast it is! M&Ms = good writing
Life's funny just don't want it laughing at you
Those types of formats are not engaging, yet TED Talks prefer that format. I don't want to encourage such things.
Sad. We have out time after the game. “ im leaving with youre coming. bummer. have fun!”
First full day of the Dallas International Film Festival! What are you seeing?
Have a great weekend, Everybody! We'll be back on Monday.
With the #adorable on our way to amanda #cyd for #campcourage good luck to for tomorrows cyd boxing4boxer
Hmm, one good thing that happened to me today. Me and my best friend are talking again (:
I sent that to because Glenn has been talking about lemonade stands for a week or so.
On the War on Drugs "the people who are winning are the people who are sustaining the marijuana culture" -DEA Agent
Dont you be holding back your
where have you been?!
and join us for Episode 11 of the podcast.
New poll active on STG: Which team drafts Kuechly on Thursday? All are invited to vote
In the time I've spent messing with Drupal, I could have written the entire site I want in html 2.0.
How ironic, I purchase premium support and I must confirm via email they send..and they haven't sent the email.
When will we be able to implant twitter into our heads.
Hey whats up buddy? Check me out on FB under Joey Dimaonds Fashion and under Jack JoeyDiamonds Standokes
Coming to freeland's derby party Saturday?
Twitter fights between couples >>> 👏👊💪
Today's challenging sourcing work: Supply Chain upper management out of automotive or industrial industries/Midwest. Know anyone?
I'm at Nickleby's Lounge tonight (1947 W. Market - behind CVS) in #Akron!
hey sorry was out with the fam :)
I'm with an SPCA in NC, trying to help 4 young black polydactyl cats in a rural SC shelter. Any ideas or contacts down here?
SO MANY OLD SONGS ARE GOING ON PANDORA RIGHT NOW OHMYYYGODDDD
Nope not kidding. :)
One more test
I was down at the Crossroads district for First Friday. Pretty sweet! I'm at Harrahs now..just won 80 bucks. Ah yeah!
YAY! But where da hell were you
"even if the moon fell down tonite, thered be nothing to worry about at all because you make the whole world shine"
Attention Library Managers in the NYC area! A large law firm is recruiting for an experienced Manager for their library! This position …
": < Playa all we know!" That's what's up! What's good?
God morning all!! Hope everyone had a great weekend and are ready to tackle the day with determination and vigor! Play.Develop.Succeed.
won't be making it out tonight #Herm status this week
seriously thinking about it, but I don't think it'd get a big enough following to make it worth doing
RT : I'm not saying is easy! Just that he squeals like a little girl when talking about ACDC. AHAHA!
I ment for is to talk
That's a good look for your little man! Good parenting!
PleasePleasePlease follow me!
You can come back to the office at 1:30. Margie is at lunch.
You are welcome. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. Let me know how Mental Management can help you reach your 2012 goals!
Really interesting...thanks for sharing!
April 22 Real Housewives of New Jersey!!!
YUM. Ihop! : Is there such thing as a Pancake Party? We'd like that to be a thing.
"You're not a woman until people come out of your vagina and stomp on your dreams."
nothing beats that part!
We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within.
"Our capacity for feeling is in itself an insatiable and bottomless abyss" yup. That basically sums shit up right there.
I couldn't find "damn it, stop killing innocent people you fuckwads" anywhere in 's SPD report. Too bad, we kinda need that.
I'm a new fan and I love your music
Love Ford's simple policy } RT : Agree 100%. Got examples of best policies? RT :
Thank you #ITEC11 attendees! Hope you got to see some cool #smartboard & #SAFARIMontage solutions!
I am on the second book and am hooked. Guilty pleasure reading. High on pleasure, low on guilt.
~Brian Tracy One can choose to go back toward safety or forwardtoward growth
m,good pick. #Everythingtastesbettercamping - Hey, did your puppet lose weight with you? Or maybe you just took your hand out.
#092092 I ♥ Your icon,username, & whole twitter account :{)
Just confimed at Gramercy: Bad Sushi - "The Tri state area's #1 Phish cover band!"
Making a pizza with mom>>>>>
Happy Valentines Day!
Thanks for the response! :) Do you think international travel offers a richer experience, though?
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving” ~Albert Einstein
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall, you just fall.
TY my friend. Happy Weekend to you :)
Yes it is.
NO, you're awesome lol how you been man?
who wants to eat anything with an ＡＰＥ in it !?(･_･;?
they only see what I show
The awkward moment when you tend to question your boyfriend's sanity.
I am also loving the new Google Drive.
It's never paid to bet against America. We come through things, but its not always a smooth ride-Warren Buffett Happy 4th everyone!
And tweeter extraordinaire is your reporter on the scene from Barrett's victory party.
The BASH is COMING!
As a fan of the Green Lantern comics, I sadly have to say by the looks of trailers, it's guilty until proven innocent -JR
"The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure." - Pain and Pleasure are my biatch.
Totally geeking out at a Maryland event in NYC celebrating their Alternative Breaks program. #studentaffairs at our best
"The wind is blowing. We are hearing things." #SignMario segue or rant of a crazy person?
#ReplaceBandNamesWithWilly Willy and the Family Stone
fly the kid in!
Haha. Nice touch.
PS - says great things because I let him talk as much as he wants.
last day in miami :'( going to the mall :)
Huge thank you to AND for #TNi and my cookies. YUM!
Turns out our apartment vacancy is going to be for December 1. I'll repost the ad after Nov 1, but if you're looking, let me know!
Someone please help me to get this boredom out
if you are at #RecruitDC today, come find me :) I'm sitting on the ledge all the way in the back of the main room
HELL YEAH.
Cooking lunch :) who knew !!
Country music artist performs for Galesburg unit soldiers in Kuwait - Galesburg Register-Mail
Catch the main man on Sirius NFL Radio's Opening Drive with 7am - 11am tomorrow (Wed) morning.
Good morning, have a nice day<3
But I'm seeing tonight in Berkeley & uber excited! Also, dinner at Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen beforehand.
Mike you need to have the club in the background not the beach w/that pose.
I got a new job as a interior designer
I hate when I send a long message and the person only replies to that one unimortant part.
Appearance is not only swagger. Personality is.......<3
20 teary teenage hockey players with playoff fauxhawks is a poignant sight indeed.
If your book's been overlooked again then it's the former. RT Is it poo-litzer or pew-litzer?
The boyz, Tyler Posey, and Ian all on the same episode. BEST EPISODE EVER
At you still rockin FUBU jerseys??
cause the good Lord blessed ya ..
Your honestly foul.
bike scene is awesome here... much bike-friendlier than Dallas. I ride to work a lot, even when the weather's a bit sketchy
you didnt need to befriend me to know im a bad mother watch yo mouth..!! pro pic say's it all lmao
I want a holistic paradigm of library science. And a cup of coffee. Afternoon break, FTW!
Why do I love lascala so much
Well... unless Austin fell asleep on him or something xD
Will you be tweeting #ahcj12 this weekend?
RT : If you want a SOLO PROMO to my 62,500+ followers, simply *RE-TWEET this tweet. (Easy 35+
look forward to reading. Wonder what the history of slave walking in the US would look like?
you're as cold as ice 💔
BTW, the eating alone reference is a reminder of the book I gave you during our first meeting in ur ATL office!
Feels fantastic to finally lay in bed.
all who ordered Girl Scout cookies through me, your cookies have arrived & are in my possession. Your cookies are in danger.
.: must ask, "privacy" for patients or researchers? "stage IV cancer patients aren't so interested in privacy anymore."
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) ;)
I first visited Soul Train in 1995 with the 69 Boyz and tried to teach Don Cornelius how to Tootsie Roll! RIP Don C.
Last minute wrapping, all ready for Christmas Eve to begin, but for now, I will sleep!
Understanding is the heart of harmony. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
Pfffff #Bulls givin it to #Kings ...
The worst way to handle a tasting event.
Could you please explain this whole moving thing to us?
Put a slightly earlier than expected end to Holiday Rawfast - friends trump silly Will self-challenges. Harder than the first
hahahah!!! Pump it up!
you couldn't think of anything else like a mountain or a tree?!
oh alright. Used play AAU against dog. They team used to talk the most ISH!
Bitches smilin at you, it must be happy hour!!!
We have over 200 people online already before 10 am Eastern! Take advantage of networking in the lounge & here on the Twitter feed.
Summer is here, & I don't like it!
Heading to Overland Park, KS this week. Should be interesting to look at another real estate market. Interesting to travel with my Mom, too.
Hi there, think it might be Wendy. I'm in the US next week. Enjoy!!
On Music Monday's GHAFPM is featuring the Caxixi Instrument. Caxixi (pronounced Ka-shee-shee) is a musical instrument of ancient African...
When I let it bada boom thats bada bang pussy nigga Meek rapping like Flamers on that
I don't spoil these niggas
Words of wisdom #6: Handle every stressful situation like a dog. If you can't eat it or play with it...just pee on it and walk away.
QUESTION; when you get VIP do you have to pick it up at the box office or do try send it to you? Please help!
Uh... why? Why were we not following each other?
Is it just me or is the name ijever starting to sound weird? :S
If Its Real Love Then Let Me Know....R.I.P>
are you at their concert??
Don't have a marketing plan for next year? Now would be a good time to develop one. It just so happens, we know how!
& selling kisses at the merch booth! $25 a pop. Each.
project planning-clear expectations-determining motivations of all parties-all key to collaborative success
Damn I don't want to go to school tomorrow, oh wait... I'm in New York
There seems to be a typo...it shows Spurs scored an away goal in Premier league play??? That can't be right can it??
Cotto needs a really strong finish if he's going to win this.
Interest in word press session - "avoiding breaking themes when tinkering."
I've been waiting all day for you to call my baby
Day 4 went so cool and I gots a big test Monday and I'll have all day tonight. Tomorrow, sat and Sunday to study so Shantey I stay!!! :)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOXO
Happy Thanksgiving Antonio.....
Oh it's going -- It's great :)haha MISS YOU GUYS!
I hope everyone has a good day I'm going to bed...
'Street' cred?!? Who am I pimpin' now?!?
A contagious passion with #kyste2012 Making learning fun for teachers and students! We all need to live this!
Today sucked...
Oh, I love daiquiris. I'm so thirsty all of a sudden, lol
Whats happening Bmore? Hopefully, you are on your way down to the Baltimore Burger Bar for some DELICIOUS burgers, made by an awesome chef!
what why? I hate her.. she really is a ginger without a soul.
I remember that book! Totally for the name of it ):
#SportingKC #USMNT Great win guys. Way to look good in a Sporting and USA Kit!
That moment when you realize you want, but don't need someone.
OLA Sis! Haven't seen you on in here in a loooonnnnggggg time! LOL!
Like our swanky new FB page? we do!
Malcolm in the middle - Ottawa Citizen
oh how do u get it and after i read it ill tell ya delete it
#fridayreads Various wiki pages for , while sneaking in a few pages of Neal Stephenson's #Reamde here and there.
im juss saying so do girls, i see girls talk all the time about how they love their bfs after like a week of dating
#ThingsMyExsaid Someday You'll Be My Husband! Yeah Right! .i.
Why do I even have this girls number in my phone...
They be going at it.
RT : Summit on Preventing Youth Violence. If students aren't safe, everything we ask of them won't be relevant to their lives.
Half an hour left to stop by booth 923 and discover the benefits of joining the Friends of the USC Libraries!
snow is a bummer. I remember those long MKE winters. No snow in MCO.
Did we mention, NY State Sen. Eric Adams plans to stop by our party to HELP THE CARRIAGE HORSES? Mon April 23, 6-9 pm, Traffic Bar East NYC
If it doesn't fit, its perfect. Goodwill.
I have it in my back yard . She's been out here since 9:30 .
LUCKeSHOPPER! Join our team!
Work is so boring
I hope you don't use them.
Stop what you are doing right now and write about something positive or think about something positive in your life
Happy Birthday to the Marines! johnmurray Thank you for your service!
We are all out enjoying the day while you guys sleep. You've missed a great day. We meet the team and your wife has your phone
Hello Interfolio users. We are having a company meeting tomorrow from 3:30-5:00pm ET and our phones will be off-get your questions in early!
and I can't go one conversation without talking about :)
So my dad has a northface and my little brother but not me
Only if people would just stay in their own lane.
I just ran into a Pi Phi from Arkansas at the gym!
lived meeting you today Would love to get together and gain your insight on life, ministry, and everything else.
It was an okay birtbday. Not the best but not the worst.
Hey, Karolina! :D
RT : We’ve a Teddy Bear to make things feel better. Teddy Pendergrass is the featured artist on today’s
The site is currently seeking its Rock Star CTO! Anyone interested in getting involved--email
Im just havin fun wit em y not..get feature before The price go up...ijs
Done with this semester at 7:30 pm. it cannot come fast enough.
Man I can't believe Josh Hamilton drank some alcohol. Hey whatever happened to the hundreds of athletes who took actual steroids?
Owly Graphic Novels THE WAY HOME & THE BITTERSWEET SUMMER and FLYING LESSONS by Andy Runton - very loveable!
ok. Im bored at my dads hse. He isnt even home bro
pink #TarHeel beer cozy? Really?
Thanks so much for the RT! Saving my pennies for your next workshop.
You acted like the only reason you didn't order food was that you hadn't yet arrived at the restaurant.
what's up??
I Keep waking up thinking I'm late ... Only 30 min has passed
bet that! Make it like 8 if that's cool. Gotta DJ at
"can you guard <okc>?" Kobe: (sarcastically) "NO..." ... But seriously, you can't.
let's get this win Lakers! Metta play with a leveled head
Beer Rep or Baby Sitter? Still trying to figure that one out. Are Bar Owners Lazy or just plain stupid? No need to answer the 2nd question.
makes me think of Duran Duran
Thank you
Apparently, the world's second sexiest ginger, Prince Harry, is in DC tomorrow. will swoon.
I can hear the snowmobiles echoing from the lake, wish i had one today
when my dad played!!
Saw a spider on muh ceiling when I woke up today. #IRanFaMyLife!
The art word as we end 2010: ambiguity The "gap" is related, & I hear it a lot too.
I have no idea what Instagram is. I feel old
Have I mentioned that I absolutely love the rain in Los Angeles?
Can't complain one bit! God is still on the throne!!!! How about you? Am I shooting your wedding soon? :) :)
He loves me
Any Stephen Jerzak fans out there? We have TWO signed copies of his new CD to give away to you! Details coming soon!
what kind of animales do You like?5
Staying up late to watch your arch rival? No way. UK fans don't give a F about a 10pm UL game RT
you must!
are you alright? xx
What up?
How to play original Xbox games on Xbox 360 arcade ? ...counter strike game disc on the original Xbox, is there any way to play it on...
I need to start tweeting again, I am loosing my followers.
We're all set up and have the grill going. Come on out and get some food before takes on OCSC
I'm deff not confident in that one.
Think about it.
brian lincoln who r you
I missed you! I'll see you on Wed too! ": great seeing u in class! I missed ur energy! X0"
I swear...I cant get a damn signal
all i have to say is y'ouch.
Thanks for waiting patiently. New secret bonus b-side remix being sent out later today via mailing list. Wanna hear it? Drop me your email!
• Crocheted mustaches???? AWESOME. Can you tweet a picture?
Hi Hollie and Jane! How's our fav Canadian store!?
Playing in Tuscaloosa this weekend... Friday at Copper Top and Saturday at Innisfree!! 10p !!! Come out!
I used it for keeping track of citations, and we set up an account here to organize links to state materials, etc
Hope everyone is staying safe on the east coast. Thinking about you!
My Rangers are beating the Red Sox. This is a glorious night.
Why do I compose such great melodies, phrases, & progressions in my head at the most inoportune times?
you're saying your cd collection is in crappy streamed quality, too?
Nothing is more comforting than coming home after a long day and putting on sweatpants.
YAYAYAYA what happened?
I'm always dressing as if the weather inside my house matches outside. Inevitably, I'm pulling off my sweater when I walk outside.
Waiting to see #BrianCobb rock the ring on
some people just can't handle the truth.
I swear someone is stealing money from me
Boo for suburbs of metropolitan areas. If the house sells, I need to either find roommates or GTFO of this area lol
soon duh, im grounded to
hey i saw that NavArts is looking for Drupal developer(s). Can I be helpful?
We love our fans!
It's my half birthday today. I'd like to stay 26.5 forever, please.
Nothing more American than Barbeque for 4th of July! Come on in for some great specials!
Dammn, gotta shower
Follow back?
Tonight's beer/movie combo: Dogma from & Kevin Smith's Red State. Why Dogma? Part nod to Smith and part selfishly forced pairing.
will you play to "finish" it, or will you play as a loot collector?
aiight pa I won't be
Stunna!! LOL #MuchLove fam!! Hope everything has been good w/ y'all!!
Reading those crazy stats last night caused me to rush a program this summer intead of doing it next summer. Yall will hear about it next wk
Nun. i been callin to c what was up for today. You still up fr Prom?
had fun tonight thanks @ cleetheceo
so disappointed my shades broke.. :(:(
I'm so drunk I can speak fluent Ozzy Osbourne
we'll have the low turquoise/purple within the next few weeks
#sexualcultures Firestone predicted separating reproduction from female body would end the tyranny of the bio family. Has it?
haha no dude, I could never rip on anyone who went to UT!
My lawyer worked for Johnny Cochran. You are screwed!
yea it would, that'd be a fun day.
All great endavors start with a dream & blossom with a plan...Think about it!
is there an accident or something south of the weigh station? Hov merge is way backed up
"Candy = Plague. You don't want the plague do you?"- Mr. Mucha. Lmfao
Holy crap! Can I please have some of that vocal surgery?
US, German Automakers Push EV Charging Nissan Bypasses - BusinessWeek
Minnesota has so much love for museums. My home state should take a lesson!
Hey Detrel will pray.
She bought me a bracelet..awl
RT : At work and This man just asked me can he be my sugar daddy??? Boy I tell you ??????< me & need a dozen
someone forgot to tweet me.. tsk,tsk.
originally, but living in LA now
Cotto putting pressure!!!!!!!
Ah yes, got jury duty delayed for another two months!
#Capitals score they lead 2-1
#Burnsville School Board weighs budget cuts including teacher positions and athletic costs.
I stand corrected. It's just a REALLY flattering angle. :)
better than pajama jeans, I suppose.
Who wants to feed me??
Have a great day! Celebrate!
All Sports Day Tomorrow For School (; and Im In Team Red! :D Lmao ; Favorite Color (;
sorry didn't see your tweet the other day, my bday was on the 30th
A3 Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results ~Albert Einstein --So appropriate RE treadmills
no, it was 2 adjacent 16ths. I must have erased and re drawn it 8 times ....
here's my number, 513-939-7151 be a grown up & text me.
So funny!
thats awesome. So do you any ruby on rails?
does anyone know the number to call into ?
Heatwave in New York is the third character in our shoot. Must think of way to make a change to an indoor location!
www.YouthNation4Christ.com .... "It is ALWAYS about THE BLOOD..."
SPRAWL! That's the way I'd do it. :)
: what a great first experience! Natalie Dessay was the first big time singer to steal my heart.
Have you been following our tweets this last week? A lot of great training resources like openers, energizers, small group ideas...
Oh yes a total mix, loons, bots, amazing.
Sunny Day Real Estate @ the Fillmore tonight!!!
#thingsthatreallymatter college,gettin coin, me and my Boo, God, and a couple of friends
Does Tyrell think this will be the year Northwestern wins a bowl game?
I can't wait for my peoples to get drunk and drop food on Thanksgiving!!!!
I bet all the the so called analysts will be eating their words when oil prices go back down after summer
Hide and Seek so much fun...
Just looking at the box score and am mildly amused the opposing pitcher was the one to get the hit against Matt Cain. Ah those pitcher hits!
bang bang skeet skeet
We have a fire truck, police car, game truck, jumpers, cows,food at Costa Mesa Downtown Recreation Center
working mothers day? haha gotta love pick n save
thank you
there's one next to sister's place on Nostrand and Jefferson (BK)- "The African People's Farmers Market"
Well done! RT Explain a Jazzercise class in 140 characters or less.
the bed you never let me make. Lol (:
Had to skip the acro jam tonight. The rain was really bad. Oh well, maybe next week.
where he you bee!
I know how you feel Bill. It's a whole new bag.
Yo! JWITZ!! Y U NO COME TO ZEE WEST COAST?
Nice to meet you as well! Too bad the #Badgers didn't pull out a win. Maybe I'll see you at the next #SMBMad!
wats up world yo boy is back get at me
did some guy texts u last nite around 4 something
thank YOU was telling me yesterday how much they liked it.
Thank U Sallie! Good #HelloMornings &may U'all have Blessings of Enduring Love. LuvU :)
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo "Rio" by
this isn't the offical twitter for singer/rapper drake is it?
stop in anytime!
this illustrates: (her.name == "Rio") && (her.understand_need == FALSE)
haha, know the feeling! :D there are some lesser known pages w/good tips on songs we don't have tho. Love those ;)
I so adore you.
Rather Disapointed with the announcement of Baldurs gate Enhanced edition. was hoping for a new entry in the franchise.
these sims have turned you into a celebrity
Why lie? Just because you have nice trophies and awards doesn't make u a good relationship person #KickRocks - XavierLT.com
Reports from the club is that The Allure of the Automobile show at Portland Art Museum is very worth checking out.
HA! It wasn't in my office. It was in a box of mags @ my storage space. U will b happy 2 know I through them all out except these
you've. got. that. one. thing.
Alright, the morning blogging has official ended. I have to get on my job. Pictures and video of the show will be posted soon.
New topic - Quick question, IS v ISO
People in relationship change and forget to tell each other!
#FF my sister She's Coo, Loyal, And Tap dances
Just finished Liz Moore's Heft - story abt lonely people, surprisingly not depressing. Think it'll be on lots of Best of 2012 lists.
Thieves Like Us- Drugs In My Body.
How is TCHHD different? We offer just 1 deal/week in a limited quantity. Once that deal is sold out, you must wait until the following week!
I been said I was black! And u were like nawwww remember I said y'all ppl raped ours then we have interracial marriages
It's starting to get cold enough to hang meat in the studio. Oh, wait! -- <insert joke>
M Friday! I've been waiting for you! 😜
Happy Mother's Day Moms and Happy Mr. Moms Day to all single custodial Dads!!!!!
Bloggers at the bottom of the trust graph? Interesting. from Nielsen report and
bonnalog not your 60s festival huge rvs catwered dinner nba finals on large screen
Find peace in the morning rush and you will have a good day :)
JASON ALDEAN FTW.
OMG look at those curls, PRECIOUS!!!!! XD
I'm pretty sure it would have
Why arent we best friends?
#How2Tarot Always compare "past" and "future" position cards to see how the timeline is flowing; compare numbered cards, judge the gap.
RT Positive Tomorrows needs gently used school uniforms for students who are transitioning into public school-Larger sizes
Lots of deals! RT : Cruising the Safeway wine aisle with my sommelier,
Loong naps are great!!(:
Single Girl Swag just followed me. How do they know?!
A strong guy keeps his stuff in line, and with tears running down his face, he still manages to whisper the simple words, "I'm fine."
lmao iced mocha all day!!
What is your #1 goal for this 2011 and why?
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Long weekend of shooting and problem solving
What? RT Is SportsCenter a thing a lot of men who enjoy sports watch?
First play, big hit...
ladies and gentz, i'll also be back at this Friday. stay tuned :)
management in apartment buildings should be sent to "courtesy & realism school" oh my flippin' heck !!!, how much? for what? don't you care?
I'm so upset that this is tha last episode of desperate house wives :(
Rehearsals, callbacks, auditions, and shoots. Busy, busy January.
I never thaugh it was J whitehead that sucker punch Houdini. They were friends. He poisin the king
where have i been and how have i just discovered ?!? reading every post!
you & should most definitely do a ball charity thing(: hahah I wanna play though (: can I ?
Happy Memorial Day!!! "How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" -Maya Angelou
rememeber when I bought u a shot of Jamison
My eyes are crossing at this scribe's funky letter A. Me thinks it's time to stop transcribing for the evening.
BORDER BATTLE ALERT: Join us at tomorrow night as we welcome for a joint hockey game watch party! Puck drops @ 8pm.
I wish u knew how much #ILOVEYOU and #FOLLOWEDBACK ur amazing
The O's are legit!
Let's get physical, physicalI wanna get physical #themeoftheday :-)
thanks so much! :)
Bring Back Ringer 7
Dam you!!! Lol ya had me all pumped!
has learned to stop worrying and love the bug queue
The best defense against discouragement is to base your plans on faith, not on fear and doubt.
we'll be lauching OCRE publicly later in the spring with all RIC types through Hadrian or so.
Yep that's the plan!! #OfficerRicky “ just talk about 'getting money' + 'red bottoms/louboutins'.
Family in Boca with an 8 month old looking for a full-time/live-in nanny. Looking for a long term commitment. Start date ASAP.
Wow, pretty sure the actor from Dude Where's My Car that played himself on #LockedUpAbroad mixed up his life with a Jason Statham movie.
'at least' sounds right -- sorting out competing wishes for requirements seems part of the reason for the mix
I want only the BEST Gravity ball....FUSHIGI !
Took a step in the direction of choosing happier today, & whether the step leads to anything isn't important. Taking the step is the key.
Back from the gig. TY to everyone who came out. I had a Ball & I hope u did too!!! Goodnight... Z...
This is why i love you. RT : Hard at work. Every day. We do it all for you.
and I have decided that our dissertations need soundtracks. Because they do.
hey Valerie! I do the voice for lots of wonderful clients. This week I was a talking tree in a children's book & a website!
sounds like a nice & intelligent guy...
First shot
You are far too kind sir! Way too good to me all the dang time. Thanks for the shoutout to your tweeps for me!
Olympus fears Woodford book may spill secrets - Amateur Photographer
Is there no tag team title match tonight?? What the hell? Are the tag teams even worth a crap anymore?? :(
Thanks for supporting
Quite delish, needs to be here now though.
lol okay. Wait. I don't get the joke...haha :)
I will see you tonight!
hey girl whats up? :)
Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary state of mind. Things will get better, and you should be alive to see it.
Hey FAC Heads!! Come on in today for Serenity Saturday- get a FREE $10 gram with any $40 donation!!!
Things are about to get a whole lot better. I can see it, and I'm happy about it. Trials & Tribulations are temporary and build character.
Nope I didn't know until just now... thanks for the introduction!
What are the odds of you being in my favor?
thanks for the kind words, friends.
Smells like pure weed in the bathroom!!
Good Q! Robin Wright in the Princess Bride! ;-) I would LOVE to play any role that she's played!
Game 7. Let's Go.
I'm glad to hear it. I hope I'm wrong.
Oh! Just figured this out :) Nice Job!
I think some people get way too into this "single life" mess. Single gives you no excuse to be a hoochie.
RT : Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. -Einstein
Enjoyed book signing n La Jolla w teacher Ana Forrest- Fierce Medicine, a transformative honest book bout yoga & healing body/spirit
great new media presentation at LI thank you!
If you ain't puttin' $$$ on it, you can't hit it!
Any specials or events this week? We'd love to pass them along to our residents!
Ooh, I'm shaking in my custom baby seal leather boots!
Fuck that bitch
bring her to our Bridal Show on May 1st. Grooms and Brides & friends! More info on our Facebook Page! All are welcome!
One of the worst movies of all time. I do not under stand its appeal.
Sephora I love u but not today
When the sky is gray and drizzling, hop on a warm tour bus and discover Los Angeles with our passionate local guides.
In Houston everyone speaks Spanish... What was I thinking taking German??
please dont speak to me like stupid! I know how works but with new prop d. does mayor have balance? can city council overturn?
I might have to start a new Pinterest. Now I have two different peeps following I don't want to know my thoughts.
At the lion and rose
move on! Lol out of sight out of mind. Bubba Watson is the man!
stop that boi!
god morning merica! hope you all have a pleasant Thursday!
yeah that looks better on a resume anyways. Professional hater does not get the job offers Rollin in. Lol
love you Twin!!!
Why not commend Jim Cramer for going into what he knew was a hornets nest that there was almost no chance of him looking good at in the end
Hooray! Break a leg out there, man. RT I made it :) hello LA!
"I am human & i need to be loved" this rainy weather makes me wanna sing along to the smiths
any chance you'll still be in Miami through the week?
People r picki but its all good
going to Boston would be sweet! Always wanted to see a game in Fenway Park.
I like Austin. Loooool. (:
Re: Buchholz comments about Chicken & Beer. HE'S RIGHT. THEY WIN, WE'RE ALL WEARING CHICKEN & BEER SHIRTS.
ending a best friendship over this, is beyond rediculous. its by far the stupidest thing.
I just wanna play a two year old baseball game. Is that too much to ask?
Blue Ivy Carter: First Look at Beyonce and Jay-Z’s Newborn Daughter! -
THATCamp LAC campers-we're still planning a final bootcamp workshop-what would you like to learn? Suggestions very welcome...
When I was an office admin, I used to buy them red staplers specifically.
The Heat have a 2-0 series lead against the Philadelphia 76ers, brooms will be needed
I would have chipped in a few more bucks on the ticket prices to get you a plane ticket to Denver.
There's still 7 available winners remaining. Re-tweet and like us on our Facebook page to win any free accessory (free shipping as well)
Dana Dreibelbis from M&C Life Sciences: publish in 3 weeks, can update if new research emerges
Going to c the devil inside dueces!
Thanks for the #follow #FF !
yes we both had different reasons for leaving but I had to follow my heart (:
The Newdigs fairies were hard at work last night bringing a total overhaul of Newdigs.com! Check it out and let us know what you think!
"The key to accuracy is vagueness"-- Thanks Toya
The past 2 games didn't go as well as Thurs night for #Gamecocks baseball but I'm still incredibly proud! Fla didn't sweep & that's good!
This surgery....smh I have to get better... I ave things to do...
#LUCCAthis! My face! It's melted, doc!
Much better! The USA has changed. for the better. The ent industry has learned much! 3 sisters have their own shows in primetime
I hope you guys listened to our new song featuring Nick from the swellers on you tube
hi holly hope to see you somewhere soon
Cesar GOmez's status: Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be overcome first
Most men prefer women with some curves
I kind of want a
I am thankful for my beautiful son, John Jr. I am thankful for my wonderful family and my supportive friends. I have no idea I had a son! H…
arvo2010: Increased Oxidative Stress in “Smoking Mouse” Model of Dry AMD - Ming Yuan, May 6, 11:15 AM - 1:00 PM, D666
Christmas shopping this year has been heavy on the GameStop
82 and not amused.
In mobile world, we are still figuring out how to meld our professional and personal voices: of at
Honestly just wanna blow money on clothes, sneakers, & fitteds. nothing better than looking
when are u not pissed though
I shuld be packing but I'll wait til last min like always
lousy spammers. no respect.
I hate humid days
As moms day comes to an end, I send some final love to my sisters who are all fabulous moms. <3
Free ticket for 1st person to: take pic of self with sign saying, "TEDxFortWayne is helping #rethinkFW" & post to FB wall
Can't wait to hear what you have to say! :)
Yep, the details of our Membership Savings are in our profile pic. Call 503-646-8482 to get your savings before December 31.
I want to hear about it, !
Settle down Frank lol
Prof. Rockwell noticed your excellent tweets from the NASA hearing. Good job!
furniture shopping in korea town. All the way up snd down western ave.
cool it seemsl ike that was a big debate for a while. thanks for clearing it up :-D
Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be
sounding good too ...loving it
To the bird I hit and presumably killed with my car on my lunch break, I'm sorry.
Well don't be so hard on yourself and you are lucky to have such an awesome husband :)
Keith Urban's for you just made me cry..
RT : Am so tired tonight. Must be because Banned Books Week has started.
I hate pessimist
I'm a huge Loner, so if I trust you or even like you as a person consider yourself lucky
Want to watch a comedy- watch a dance movie. I guess everything is about sensationalism or shock value.
The show tapes 3 weeks in the rear, so I will let you know when it's on!
Passion 2012 in one week!
<3 RT : SVG: "No, It hasn't been a tough year off the court. My wife still likes me. Most of the time."
I wish we coulda made it work. Or do I???
So rainy !!! just Chilling Out On My Bed ....
amazing! Emotional is an understatement!
My sister is making me breakfast :D
I got a casual first date tomorrow. Old Navy knit dress with flip flops sounds just about right or head to toe
Is 1020am on Friday too early to start drinking?
What's your name?
Attribute query in QGIS! Basically same old, same old w/ ArcGIS.
#ndpl the idea that libraries are 'free to all' is at peril - this is absolutely core
I am thankful for so many things this holiday season... what are you thankful for
Work first play later
Two words: Chi Town, raised me, crazy. So I live by two words: f* you, pay me
Fuck it music in the rain
You rock, we love you! :)
My chinese fortune today: "You have a keen sense of humor and love a good time." ... haha. Funny.
LOL! You want for real? You can have some if you want.
Also loved D2 and holding out hope for later acts and difficulties. Biggest problem is the ability gating.
SEASON 6 yea ?
Damn, Lowkey Hella Happy! My Bro Kevin is coming back Saturday night! Can't wait! (:
following alot of fans but me and ;/ C'mon bailey! :D Follow us! :)
You're Welcome! RT : - thank you for being our 199th follower!
text me
Cirque du AWESOME!
“: Taurus #ZodiacPeople - Taurus women do not back down easily.” Wow, I'm thinking they're reading my mind with these tweets!
Buster Posey grounds into the double play to end the inning and no, nobody wants any damn kettle corn.
NEW AVI, NEW BACKGROUND, NEW MUSIC
Aristotle is up for TWO awards at the Campaigns and Elections Reed Awards tonight.
Sweet! She's at Elaine Erikson in the third ward. It should be good! Also at's just me. Mike is going to Coachella.
redbirdstudio.com/AWOL/acting2.html , sorry.. This is the correct website.
Ready for two more games outdoors and on grass. Got to love "real" football and the NFL playoffs.
I hope that all the mothers out there enjoyed a beautiful day filled with LOVE . God Bless you all :)
How often do late night comics discuss federal higher ed policy? Um, never. I mean, Pell no.
Spending our entire Christmas weekend demoing out new music. These songs are the meanest yet.
that awkward moment when people think a payment is due at CFL
nice to meet you!
All hands on f*cking deck. We're in for a dog fight.
hi dear no it's me not one of the kids! Yes. Must skype! Off to brunch otherwise now.Love u xx
On a challenge from Scal, & I once saw Gerald Green toss a ball 60 feet in the air, off a wall, and throw down a one-handed dunk.
Community mapping has a strong impact on youth and recreation in not just Milwaukee but everywhere
RT if you're sick of the rock-climbing commercial and wish somebody would shut that damn gate. Love the spirit, hate the song.
does his story coincide with any already given. This man has more stories than mother goose
it really is!
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleveland Clerk of Courts
i bet it feels borring cuz thn u got nothing to live for :D
Very shiny and red!!!
Thanks for the mentions We cant wait for #RestoWeekBoston either!
oh. My bad
Happy #mkeday! Get out and celebrate!
15 oz. would run you about $75
so sad i'm missing it--will have to check it out online later. you know i love sinatra!! ps cannot wait to see you soon!
