Thx for replying. Love to know why you raised your passionate hand. Do share / tell.
Lmao a car meet that consists of nothing but Hondas is known as a "beehive". Anyone know why?x)
The sharp knife of a short life. Well, I've had just enough time.
What omg I'm about to start bawling. I can't handle this.
without question,
Looking for a great gift for that special somone? www.darksideshields.com
Walt Grace's Submarine Test, January 1967 is friggin insanely awesome
I can't decide if I like Ricky or not I can't figure out his deal
enjoy!! “: We're live from the red carpet at #genesisawards!”
Hokay, ate that frog and it tasted god! Let's get on with the rest of the day, shall we?
This gives them an opportunity to tryout for the NFL. Well we got the field at 4:30 so my daughters soccer team will play
If you have no voice, SCREAM. If you have no legs, RUN. If you have no hope, INVENT -Alegria
thanks for checking it out!
Happy Easter Bud!
Pretty much downtown Milwaukee and the Third Ward. Expanding delivery areas soon!
interested to hear the journal's response! being a reviewer is a great experience...
Miss my boyfrand like whoa 😞😘
I thought it was 5pm and its only 12! holy shit!
No worries. RA drops tom., then the natural next step for u is world domination, so its in my best interests to be on ur side.
switch teams? Nah I still like the sox
Excited to be part of the #smbmad event this morning!
Got lunch plans? Anthony's house-made taquitos and our Mexican Chopped salad join forces for a perfect lunch.
Did I just look up "boyfriend justin bieber cover" on youtube???
yeah this country is pretty cool lol
lucky you I wish I got a follow/tweet from James
Going to see Nicci Claspell tonight sing some tunes!!
Gators upset incoming
Root Beer for the win! Now we should all go celebrate by drinking one!
Fellow actor is following you. Good luck in your ventures
let's hang out soon<3
Got my wisdom tooth removed yesterday and I just feel like shit :/
Watching possibly the most hilarious episode of #ModernFamily I've ever seen.
I feel our society has advanced enough that we should be able to agree on the number of belt loops a pair of pants should have.
LeBron shouldn't do anything. He could cure cancer at this point and get criticized for not doing it sooner.
Won't commit so we choose to run away.
Long Beach Pizza Co. on Broadway: good pizza, cheap beer, and hot servers!
there's not much that's funnier than watching 50 PR people trying to deal with a bird loose in the office.
For the amount we pay for broadband, it sure cuts out a lot. i think thats every night this week now.
cocktail tomorrow?
lmfaooo music loud neighber comes! "turn it down!" "Fuck Off"
America does have.talent!!!.dude.with the red box is cold!!!!
Strangers can become best friends, as easily as best friends can become strangers.
"Dare You To Move" just came on Pandora, and I swear I almost threw up when my mind immediately reverted to my youth group days...
We gift each other when we listen to each other without speaking what we think until we are asked.
good luck...i get #allergies in the #saline pool if i dont use a #noseclip..but nothing worse!!
I'm finally out of class ...then work at 3
#ImHappyWhen i can sleep in, because we don't have school. (:
what is that?
Saw the orange line train stopped in its tracks past vienna as I drove in today
Afternoon alredy, cnt believe mah house is dizz bad xc calling ppl to come nd help me out
I can't tell you exactly what's being discussed on the mound, but it involves the word "lawyerball" and lots of four letter words.
Just booked tickets to MN to see my new niece. SO EXCITED!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen your crush texts you.."Hey I have something to tell you.." :))
Dude, a lot of family shit going on today :P Not used to it though, but a lot of family members that i miss are coming.
Eating a salad ( :
hahaha yeah,you're right! ♥
Its not ok. I don't do that to you.... EVER!
What do you guys think about the new new Twitter? Or is it the new new new Twitter?
Ya know..shout outs wouldnt be bad. (:
nice shoes, wanna ....! Lame pick up lines lol
or dont say anything
Curiosity is what gets me out of bed.
Sick with jealousy at all my friends at the APAICS gala now with
You've heard of , but if you haven't downloaded it, do so now. Music, easy, free.
amazing. trying to recharge today though
lmao nah sis it's Ace Hood new mix tape but what you was about to cook?
Avoid Burnside in West Hills its flooded
does that shit actually work?!
why yall say we might lose the whole season
haha I'm digging the avi
I spent 1 hour and 45 minutes Bicycling. 1,356 calories burned.
I need some Greeks who want to participate in a step show.. $1000 prize.... Dm me for details
no disrepsect you said you were hungary so i said eat mami eat smh u cray cray
Do you overshop in response to stress, loss, or trauma?
Finding my fellow grocery shoppers so rude & inconsiderate. Can barely imagine how challenging the employees must find them.
some people should tweet more often...
People of the MPLS! It is Friday, it is beautiful and I'll be taking a call on the patio, but after that we should hang!
No tweet about motivation Monday?
Can't believe that call..
Did they just boo Blake? Wha?
Some Veuve Clicquot and Woody Allen for New York New Year's Eve...
thanks for the support! We cover the & try 2 cover EPL/Champions league as much as we can.
listening to #UnderandOverIt intense face melting at work
*Dolphin noise*
KILL EVERYBODY
that works, i get company
Oh please god no! A friend's parents had a VHS of this we found in jr. high. We watched it on acid. I'm scared to this day
Our a/c's been fixed, fewww.. I would've hated wearing that sweatband around my nuts, lol
30-Year Milestone for Letterman, but Little Instinct to Look Back
The American Kennel Club wants an archivist? I totally imagine a processing room bedecked in red velvet & a mandatory smoking jacket.
saw 4G in my 4s status bar. Wish it really was 4G and not LTE.
Include us in a Follow Friday and we'll include you in ours!
If you dont aknowledge my precence, I will find you. I will rape. And I will keep the child.
#violence is always the answer
I'd say too much tweeting is when you can't see others' tweets.Twitter feeds should be balanced like newspapers:)
I used a neti pot for the 1st time. Boiled the water like mad after article about amoebas the other day. Drug-free health tools, love it!
alright, sounds good.be careful.
Got some COOL Caroline Kole updates on the way!
That's so sweet of you to do. Mothers are so important and I believe Mothers Day should be everyday! Cheers!
Weak minded muthafuckas do weak shit intelligence is better than anything
I would not want to be in the #Packers locker room at the half. They should be losing, and better make some adjustments.
Although I agree many of his views are extreme and some are implausible.
the world will never know how much I love you.
Sexy sax man on America's got talent. Reminds me of
i can't. i do not have a phone. you can text or leave a message at 774-277-9202 RT : hit my cell
Well trying to tell your state that your largest city and the only city that actually makes you a decent state is a fail too
They say stop chasing her... But isn't anything worth having, worth fighting for?
I feel bad for all the little babies being carried around by the super hippies at whole foods
ya LOL i'm sure this convo is uninteresting to everyone else on here haha
good thing they brought you back, I would have missed you
YAY!! You going to be around?
I like you anyway. can we find a common ground in 60 degrees and sunny?
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. ~William James
Bigg Weezy do'n the damn thing on the 41 n Gardena. C Comedy and live entertainment
And now eloy... Love times two
:O i can't believe it.
why my lil sister ask me about logic? smfh. that nigga not seein us!
I want Hey Arnold's room!
Enjoyed "Sharp Dressed Man (Live)" by ZZ Top on Pandora
you're welcomee :)
It's cold as a witch's titty in a brass bra....... DAYUM!
4D: LONG LINE; CRIMENES; VICTIM FIGHTS BACK
Just added a great basic skin care travel kit. Limu facial cleanser and ginseng mineral toner included.
21 days left of school. Ugh hurry up
#ThingsIHate My job & the fact that my parents are my boss's.
Dr. Alvita King on #Hannity tonight...ugh. Where is my desk to bang my head on?
Thx for the RT from a fellow Chi-town nutrition & wellness expert!
LOLCAT! He thinks that group work is the best.
PACERS -VS- MAGIC | ESPN
Yay! I owe you a hug for all the retweeting you do for me. :)
Every time I'm listening to a song, I make up a music video in my head.
I could care less on how the #NBA ruins itself.
I feel like the dude at Buffalo Wild Wings is hitting the button during Rangers-Capitals. Dude moved the net for Ovechkin & Henrique
I love you Tabby!!! i miss u! <3
about 20 feet down the hall....lol
It's kinda neat to think of Jack Bauer as part of our pop culture legacy.
well you can pat my brofro if u want lol.
#SometimesYouHaveTo ride the dick like its being discontinued...
I HATE that I read that excerpt!I have now confirmed what I suspected thru most of the book!I am about3/4thru so maybe...
Yo S/o to one of my favorite bands Defintiely support their music! And Thanks for the follow guys!
You're welcome. Let us know what you end up with.
smh i didnt get a invite cousin
Going to the hardware store... Would it be too much to wear a flannel shirt?
well ill be there. Just gotta find something to wear now.
Time to get some writing done
Awesome weather to eat lunch on a pier right by the most beautiful beach.....only at Pineapple Willy's! SMILE BIG!
Justin looks so bangable rn. he always does...
fruit loops > class
So...what do YOU do when the lights and sound both go out right before your matinee?
HEY , I'M GONNA TYPE IN ALL CAPS JUST TO ANNOY YOU! IS THAT OKAY W/ YOU, DUDE?
Officially the first person to hashtag
Idk why I'm so emotional tonight. Itz weird. Smh.
We're #HIRING an Executive Recruiter!!! Call me @ 813-379-3700 if interested.
RT “Description begins in the writer’s imagination, but should finish in the reader’s.” ― Stephen King, On Writing
are you dating Zayn? don't lie.
shit sounds easy.
Excited to be back in the classroom today. Showing kids how to screencast and create a YouTube channel on there Apps account.
When you don't have to do shit after school >>>>>
RanRan lookin at her reg like "ur my little secret and that's how we gone keep it" lol
Had a great shoot with this morning
#SoListenIn1Day IM SO EXCITED!
How Louboutin Gets the Ladies Kisses!
Good morning. Make sure you know what's on your credit report. Go to Annualcreditreport.com for a free credit report once a year.
thanks so much for following me :)
so great! doesn't happen nearly enough!
Best PG : Derrick Rose Best SG : Ray Allen Best SF : Lebron James Best PF : Dirk Best Center : Dwight Howard
omg u were so young the last time i saw u now ur a teenager!
I'm pretty sure I just grossed everyone out.
#WeWereCoolUntil U asked Me Was That My Kid Cuz We Both Light skinned LOL
"True" by Spandau Ballet is now the new anthem for this tournament....that ad keeps running and running all day long
The fact that Wiz is in Payphone by Maroon 5 is quite humorous. He rips it tho
Btw, if you don't know who is?!? Get the fuck familiar. Excuse my French. They're making some wonderful music. Seriously.
i knowww :/ i really wish i wasnt confused though like should i jsut order the meetngreet pass now or wait till i understand
#InMyMoment..so excuse me while I get myself together lol
RT Cars, Crayons and Cracker Jacks is out! If you don't know T. Kelly and are in the auto biz, you should connect
you don't need an invite - come see us anytime :) thx for the reco
WTH . . . I let my brother use my shampoo and it's half way gone? He's bald . . .
SO excited to get in the hospital and finish our video! It is turning out so beautiful!
We had that tho.
This is my thumbs up in response! :)
Friend's birthday party with fantastic homebrew, jam band, fire pit, good food, and projector screen set up in the backyard.
Eek, less than an hour till Vampire Diaries! I was a little underwhelmed last week, but I'm hopeful for this week! Happy Thursday!
Reason 2: The developers or engineers can write the documentation. If you cant wait – send a request and receive the full list now
It might be time for bed....
": The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart."-Better know what to do with it!!
Just had a 20 min convo with my Dr re. electronic medical records. Verdict: Lack of standardized data formats makes easy problems hard.
Thanks for following us!
Now I remember how I become so fiercely independent. My mother used to promise and forget to sign field trip permission slips. Never changed
I was evil because it was whack. Not my type of crowd at all..Makes me miss NY and Vegas! Lot better selection
Truly awesome atmosphere at Livestrong Sporting park. Best sports atmosphere I've seen in a while. putting on a show.
The DOOSH rocked last nite. Great club! We will be back there soon.
haha yeah(: really fun to talk to in person XD
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT!!! ON MY WAY TO DRINK MY ASS OFF!!!
"True..: I'm not watching but how many calls are the thunder getting? Cheaters."
u coming to our game?
people still don't get it.
My students did great auditions today. Moving on from Commercials now to Film and TV next week - away we go!
RT : Sunset on after some was the best Wednesday I've had all summer.
After tonight will go into "college football" withdrawl symptoms ... have to start watching ESPN Classics.
Arizona loves Mitt...wow
plus there's always a possibility they might change the plane scheduled to make your flight(s)
:were and when
if it makes u feel better, I just ate doritos & m&ms for lunch!
can some tell me how to get some pics
boyfriend is ANOTHER AWESOME SONG. it shows you're a true singer and it has a new side. LUVIT. <3
Thanks for the follow!!! Good to connect w ya on here!! Rock on!!
thnx, jen! now revisions.
I didn't know I had so many facebook friends who loved the Beastie Boys. RIP MCA
No matter wat u do¡! U won't take my dignity a way! BlaH ya beeyutch!!
670 miles to Nashville!
File buying ice under "shit I don't like to do"
Check out Discover PB and North PB Nights for some great music, food, and street fair vibe along cass street and turquoise
(Stephen Butler Leacock) It may be those who do most, dream most.
wish I was there!!!!!
Someday I will build a giant robotic T-Rex with elongated arms so it can wield a katana.
So good to see you the other night! I enjoyed your presentation. Best of luck with the new book!
Self control is what I'm currently practicing, you know something Andrew Bynum could've used last night! It's not always easy, trust! ;)
Art and experience of newness and ability & courage to make new connections are necessary in this revolution.
#voteAGAINST #Amendment1 Today! Gay marriage is already illegal in NC and this amendment will only do harm to women, children, & families.
RE: NL East HR pool, casting a vote for Ike Davis
knowing is half the battle
I ABSOLUTELY DETEST EOC'S. LETS NOT DO THEM. COOL.
I really like "annoyment." It's like enjoyment, only with annoyance.
it only took half a bottle of mad expensive scotch, but today was a very successful (thank you) video shoot
thiss yankees game just ruined my day
Why am I the only one hype right now that Kid Capri is sitting by me at LAX?
!!!!!!""!« !!!! RT : I notice the sneakiest people tend to expect everyone else to be sneaky. #FactualFriday»
Great to hear you are loving your inspiron! Thanks for being our fan!
Nacho/taco bar for lunch at work for Dos De Mayo!
Fuck for F
Paid for my registration - even have paypal receipt, and now my dashboard says I haven't paid - Help?!
ok call me at three!! Cx
Still rockin Louis Vuitton condoms cause I'm still fuckin in style...WOW
follow me back (:
"Having the world we want will not come from "voting" for it." //
And...#winning. RT Charlie Sheen has brought new meaning to the term "March Madness."
|!+_-_ COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
The biggest investment I have ever made is a book of forever stamps. Hopefully postage goes up to $40 soon. I need to retire.
Not towed!! Just blind.
I'm looking for female graphic designers to design labels for my skin care line. Please retweet to anyone you know who can help. Thanks!
#Tynes is hitting some pretty close field goals
Did you just sing a customized version of Lil Sebastian's song to yourself? ;)
I hope we do lol its either that or a Zombie attack
: WOOP WOOP.HOME ALONE! Expectation: PARTAYYYY!! Reality:Peeing with the door open.
*Mobile and expressive* looks wrong
Book challenge policies are supposed to prevent knee-jerk reactions. Guess it offended "community standards"?
Happy New Year to all friends, supporters of SSP. Come buy some books. www.sullivanstpress.com/publications
So now you're gonna lick and fuck it? Hahahaha sorry. I'm just giving you a hard time.
yeah from YOU
RT Beauty is in the eye of the beholder... It's also in every mirror I gaze into. >> not ego,,#ACTUAL !!
Nothing to see here; just upping my tweet count to 667.
Yup. It's the XP that's the problem.
RT If you love Austin's new single ♥
Emma is hilarous
follow back?
You're both weird (but I love ya) and what's with all of those peace signs!?
- Nice to have you on board Maggie!
now your suddenly into just cuz he's coming to tucson. . . . wow. . .
My shins kill how did I play tennis
Take away all the garlic butter, and escargot tastes like a muddy clit. But that's part of its charm.
Happy Monday! What did everyone do this weekend?
For those who attended #AD4MH today, what was the part of the program that stuck with you the most?
u need to hit me up , we all need to kick it. shay is graduatin soon n best believe we kickin it
I really should have stopped playing Minecraft several hours ago.
Turn those clocks forward tonight. Lose an hour & lose some inches with Zerona or Smart lipo at Skintastic.com. 972-620-3223
Yaaal should follow (;
I know comments like that hurt. Try not to let it get to you.
Why thank you!
when someone says "i'll always be there" Dont believe it.
#dhtrial For example I saw how the writers worked - the one thing I was NOT exposed to on set.Fascinating!Marc Cherry is a brilliant writer.
Yea i used 3 lbs fresh in this recipe for a smoked porter and it was still not overpowering at all.
SPARKS takes place in Iowa. Watch the caucus for Bluists crashing the party to plant a pressed ham! Getting your butt on CNN=holy quest.
RT if you love Jesus
Oh fuck I forgot i have a vocab test today. Welp can't do anything about it now. Sorry garvey, I've been done with your class since january
Wow....that is so great to hear. Way to go
I just got my I.D. Checked trying to buy chinese food #wtf ?
Going home to pamper myself wash my hair, paint my nails ,get fresh, lay back and watch a few romantic movies and call it a day. :-|
Once I finish listening to The Joshua Tree, I need to head to my parents' house, rain or no rain, so I can focus. (They aren't home.)
fishers eifs contractors, eifs contractors fishers indiana, fishers eifs repair, eifs repair fishers indiana, eifs contractors fishers
Looking for guidance...
Four-day bender. So glad that's over. Now time for food and sleep! Oh wait, I have a test tomorrow, shit.
I want to go to there!
I miss you more.Me too.I'm super busy this week since my cuz,her bf and her son are here for a week.we r doin a lot of stuff
Thanks for spreading the news about the event!
uhh ya i guess hehe imma call him baby fish now!<3
My dad truly believes in #longislandmedium&he gives me a hard time about being an art director & designer! What is wrong with this picture!?
Late night working on thesis, put on , quote from "this sounds like Optimus Prime having sex." awesome
Had to sign up for my first event as Katie Belew today. 3 weeks away from the wedding is still unreal!
lmao i wonder what baby's think about o:
you're gonna be there accepting the award on my behalf, you will be my trusty decoy. I'll still be at home bundled up.
when will it be out? I can not upgrade until Jan : (
is awesome! Thanks for the RT girl
RT Slammin into the Domino room tonight with Come join us Central Oregon! <--then hit up Afterparty at
Did you get my email - I will moderate and yes I am drafting a proposal but am short on participants. Very Open to suggestions.
ahh nice, is it for your birthday ??xx
I wonder what people like that make of movies like Inception.
Why couldn't I have lost my wallet last week when I didn't have any cash in it?
Love me some when I'm feeling
Get it girl! I know you looked fierce :)
Hello, Monday. You think you've got me, but I have a secret weapon. Positive attitude? No. Winning smile? Nope. It's Yorkshire Gold #tea!
Hehe. " When I'm sitting in Statistics, I dream of sexual physics"
are you coming to braddock tonight? if so, WEAR THE SHOES.
hopefully soon !! (:
Pray for #peace & swift justice for the people of
lol wait... what?!
It's not the rumors lies and words that hurt most, It's the fake smiles/:
WOOF! Can't wait to come up to Seattle!
absolutely! Let me know if you have ideas you want me to bring up. I have a couple different concepts in mind, but am open to more.
Grateful that the 400-pound man who was just sitting next to (read 'half on top of') me on the bus has exited. Blood flowing to my leg o ...
": For every sunset, there is always a sunrise"
. as human beings, we don't need to differentiate in that way...we're naturally differnt
haha! Thank you! Hubs company trip is here...so some of his peeps are here, he just couldn't come! ;)
will do
FOLLOW ME! <3
Fraggle Rock? More like Fraggle BORE!! Am I right?! Smurf Five!!
I kind of really want a deep fryer.
send me a picture of it. I could always get it taken in :)
“: #MagicMike is... I don't even know what to say right now... There is literally nothing like it”
Go #canada! Xavier Dolan back in Cannes 3 for 3... LAURENCE ANYWAYS
"bro I unfollowed her bc I couldn't take it anymore"- this is why I love you. RAHH it's ok we will be living in LA together
ACL curse now stretches to ex-MN players. RT Nats announce terrible news: Wilson Ramos a torn ACL.
yuck.. i hate snow and ice
#Jerzday and #itunes downloading a few much needed songs.
Ok best ad so far?
why do weekends go by so fast?!?!
....And they should throw in a helmet!
LOLL I just don't need to meet him...
oh nah lol, just want somethin new bro
did you try WreckingBalm? If so, what were your results? Please feel free to call customer care at 888-249-2367. Thanks! :)
Happy Birthday, Hopefully you guys will make it back here soon.
Your worst enemy could the your best friend & your best friend your worst enemy
Benches pretty much cleared. A real mess for the refs - and if there is a Game 7, also for the league. Heat vs. Mavericks.
I know we shouldn't have yielded to temptation but when the waiter at Lavo brought us fried Oreo donuts...
Looking for fine dining at a great price? Come to in
yay! its been so amazingly sunny recently :)
more and more in this town. But yeah prolly not all wine.
I've been good :) you?
We have some exciting new projects on the horizon! Keep an eye on updates to come over the summer.
hahahahaha best tweet of the day.
Customers know when they have questions about Home Heating, Home Cooling or Indoor Air Quality, we have the answers! Contact us!
-Thanks for the follow!
Glad to see the greyhounds and do the arings
Sometimes I feel as though I'm on the verge of blowing my own mind.
Oh crap. What have I done. :)
Zayn treats twitter like a diary. Harry treats it like a friend who knows every inside joke. Like ok
I love Jamba Juice.
HHC is honored to receive a 2012 Harbus Foundation grant of $10,000 awarded by a student team from
lmboooooo u a mess, if you miss the pillow it lands on your arm or your face lmboooooo
Just submitted the grades an hour ago. RT : still waiting on
Apparently I'm willing to watch a movie I've never heard of because it has Aaron Eckhart in it. Who knew.
Nothing warms the heart and hands like…a bottle of red wine…or two…
I Just Did
He made it thru 2 interviews with no problems
Great decision, Chris. You deserve major credit for #thesiswp and the community deserves stability. Win.
but they're so GOOD at that! :P
I just got that people are actually saying "Audi 5000!" I always thought they were saying "Outie 5000." #lightbulb!
kk, sounds good. We'll respond when we get it.
Thinking a lot about the problems we encounter in life only makes them appear to be larger than they really are.
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
oh no. :( I know the prospectus part will be great, at least.
You as well, Eddie! Make sure to spread the word and pick up a copy of 's new album!
Deschutes Night at Streets of London- Abyss is an amazing and rare Imperial Stout.
party on Wayne
sending now enjoy :)
Ohh its already at the shop. There gonna do some extra work on it so that's why its gonna take awhile. Thanks tho!
No worries about age--thank you!
my lips hurt real bad
Oh, Work, here I am. Back again. Miss thee,
Oh I ate so much Chick-fil-a chicken I'm gunna explode! So good tho'!
really its 3:09 and someone just knocked on my door
Be sure to head to this Friday! 5 bands, $5 feat The Town Monster, The Randy's, The Regrettes & more, 9p.
Can you just be yourself girl . Doesn't mean your boyfriend is popular in school , you have to change yourself just for him .
Demos' with my best friend <3
Has anyone else thought that "hey mr. Tambourine man play a song for me" is really dumb because you can't play any songs with a tambourine?
Got my phone back, damn security try to take my phone away. I know people bitch.
So apparently I won a prize from Youtube today... I must be special!
Thanks for tweet. I will check out you FB! Glad to connect.
well asked for one.
I keep thinking I see people I know, then they turn around and it's another hipster. THEY ALL LOOK THE SAME #philadelphia is
oh my gosh I love the crunchie bar!!!! I always get them at QFC :) yum yum!
Work tonight despite the snow
No really why is my tab key sticking.
Overheard at vet: "we don't like to feed our dog meat, we're vegetarians."
with a honey in the middle there's a leeway
These stupid pathetic people beats women lol they'te weak ass fuck I am a man but I #ain'tnowomenbeater
aww! Give him hugs from me! & he is..too adorable!
ohemgee, me too! ive been waiting for this album for like forever!
RT : From 12 staff in '97 at NapaNTHS to 1000 participants at the annual conference in Grand Rapids. HOLY COW!
Listening to "Cant Tell Me Nothing" while approaching the Las Vegas skyline >
can you please follow me im a big fan ! pleasee and thankyouuu <3
Regional sales training finished
Friday the 13th.....Retweet if your Superstitious!!!
What's one thing cavemen knew better than we know now? How to survive in the wild? They knew how to survive in the healthiest way possible.
#defendwikileaks Join operation payback at www.anonops.net
MT: : Dress shabbily and they remember the dress; dress impeccably and they remember the woman. -Coco Chanel
Um, screw your advert tweets. You've been haced
Eccentric detective battle royale!! Jeff Golblum to join Law & Order CI. (ps, Chris Noth leaving. he wasn't weird enough anyway.)
Sorting through our readers&#39; clutter: Your answers to our Spring Cleaning survey
yeh but can you tell him to go to anger management? Lol
the new band isn't gonna be show ready for awhile but if you need help getting bands I know a bunch that'd be down
(Juan Rodriguez) talks all things #MiamiMarlins, including new ballpark dynamics, with right now.
About to sling some history books out in this heat. Not exactly looking forward to it.
Every time I trip I puff out my chest, too.
CoworkCharles is on hiatus this week, we're trying to find an awesome location for the next one!
I see hope everything gd with ur health get well soon
Warren Buffett announces that since he has prostate cancer, his secretary must be treated for the disease as well.
tY Sandra :) Got away to chase a bone or 2 & saw Mom :) She is the best Bulldog EVER :)
lou lou saying i aint cuffing no bitch im on to the next one,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,shout out to my nigga Rich Jones
Need a job? Want to work for a fun company? Come to our job fair, June 24th, 5-8pm at our headquarters in Sharon, MA. You know you want to!
You'll beat them at home, for sure! I thought u had a great game. Keep up the good work! Nice job on TMZ
i would expect you of all people would have known... ;D
"Once you lose yourself, you have two choices. Find the person you used to be or lose that person completely"
Im too wise for my age
Are you buying a funnel with that tubing??? no....
“: Las Vegaaaassssss ” Yes sir, welcome!
:) THNX LOVE'S
you are so right he is busy...we just gotta praise our lord louder and let our voices be heard!!!
woot making history with Bobby!
We appreciate the kind words from a friendly experienced traveler. Happy travels and thanks for flying with MKE. That is all. :)
Went antique shopping yesterday & the bf wasn't as tickled as I was by the vintage "Try Our Chili" sign I snagged. Psh. It's going up anyway
omg im crying
Graphic design for branding, web, and print. Visit my online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Had a chance to learn about these guys. Cool dashboard technology for
So much skating goin down these last few days. Bout to hit it right now with branson.
What is a good cream to get rid of wrinkles underneath the eyes? dry ...
New record is really fantastic. Love the production. Sounds like humans made the record opposed to laptops. Diggin' hard.
First halfs for fun, Second halfs for keeps. Who Dey One Time.
Iron Horse Hotel from Milwaukee gets a shout out from Sally Hogshead keynote!
-> ": First off fuck yo bitch & the click you claim!!!!"
Whatever it takes.
Played too much Mario Kart. Luckily, I have just enough time to get 10 hours of sleep, then a few hours on Org Change.
": Only 11 more hours until my favorite 6 hours of the week! #truelifechurchnewark"// Now THATS retweet worthy!
Oh, me too--like waiting to open Christmas present! Good night!
I actually like the idea.
oh sorry! Just curious! Stay up! Holla!
GOOD MORNING TIME TO GET UP AND GET MY DAY STARTED.
No, zoo outside Pardubice. Somewhere northish, kind of nowhwere. Been there ab unch of times.
Awe! Thanks :) I am now kind of doing jewelry AND fashion blogging. It's always something different everyday :)
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
I live in Richmond, MO. NE of KCMO. I have been a church planter for 33 years. this was my 9th new church. Keep me posted on yours.
Finally off work
Every disappointment is an opportunity to make another appointment!
"What are you"? ~Megan Cross~
Not only would Mitt Romney have ordered the raid on Osama Bin Laden, but he would have not ordered it too. So there.
How did I manage to lock the keys to my life in the bar? Not symbolic, just stupidity! Glad I have friends like Cole Drowning
from tonight's #dareproject rehearsal: "the colony was overrun by cute kittens. As is often the case."
#nfl hometown huddle gets gardening tips from #nfl's peter ruocco & united way volunteers
Yea i did, a bit noisy hard to talk but always good to put twitter names with faces
Guys Im Gonna Extend The Deadline For The Video Pictures Til Next Sunday Since People Havent Sent Them So U Guys Have Plenty Of Time! :) x
haha! It also had snake surfing! it's better than Ghosts of Mars... Which I seem to watch all the time despite my complaining!
Ughh another day of Geology...too bad I do not care about rocks.
The woman in black with
.what you think did you find any thing you like
Everyone Go Buy #MYONLY On iTUNES !!!!!!!
RT : RT : The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.~ Buddha
What a cool idea - I hadn't heard of Live Mocha, very neat idea. Thank you!
RT : Get ready for 4th of July wkend!! What is everyone planning?? ;D
Lemme paint a picture : I am not a Christian, I'm not a Muslim, not a Jew, I'm losing my religion.
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance - Lotus Nightclub!!!
how cute lmao
If you need a flyer design for your next show, party, event, etc. Message us, we have fair prices and our designs are nifty. Only $5.
Don't forget #MKESucceeds!
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He's quite good at concealing his horns.
CUTCH IS CLUTCH!
Tonight is the first night. I marked it the day the schedule was released.
wifi on the #Megabus is less than speedy.
Worst part about the day after a road trip: having all of the horrible top 40 hits stuck on repeat in your head
I'm glad we share a similar sense of humor. I look forward to ridiculing others with you in the future.
Damn. Missed the window to catch my unfrienders! RT Facebook Updates Timeline to Avoid Outing Unfrienders - on.mash.to/nCA2lk
Shoutout to my cousin doing her thing on NFL Network covering the #fucking Jets
over here on the Blue Line, butt cancer is the least of our worries.
Thank you!
Love you guys!! Can't wait to meet you guys one day!! <3
At least they only wore the radioactive green alternate uniforms once!
Thanks for sharing Ashraf, we appreciate the love! =)
Love finding new apps - am going to have get Corkbin, Trover and Glimpse now
Strawberry cheesecake<3
Michigan state Could win this game if they wake up.
I finally gave in....made a twitter, follow me :D
Got me some good FL baseball going on here.
Today is gonna be a good day!!
#howiknowsummersgettingclose I feel too nauseous to eat real food so I stick to popsicles and cherries #summerdiet lol
“: Reggie n Spencer gay smh lol” Them two are always playing just like in the locker room when the tv got broke. Smh.
BTW , #HappyMothersDay to the mommies or family members on
richpublican idealism can't fix a historically richpublcan mis-managed city!
Feel bad for Louisville they missed too many easy shots. Could have won the game if they didn't miss the gimme's
do u hate him or wat
The best thing about my spank bank? Lots of easy access ATMs.
Not all, but #AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect
Team Quiz in my Pants is going dominate the 90s.,.hopefully.
Major congrats to , newly minted J.D. -- Enjoy it!! Now, go study some wills & estates.
this Lynnfever getting worst! I need to see Lynnspecialist! ASAP! Then I got a good chance to be Lynntastic!
THANK YOU!
I totally just talked to Brent Spiner.
I really dont understand emo people.Like your already hurt & your going to cut yourself & get made fun of because you cut yourself.SMH.
Nuggets playin fierce
hopefully soon, thinking about a thirsty Thursday ($1 bud/busch) here in the next few weeks.
Ha i wanna see how many hoodrats get mad about my last tweet lol
So how was the turn out at believe 2nite? Was it a full house? Have a great nite! luv bri
Growing up, my mom would make me call up businesses to ask any questions we had. Good career training, turns out! :)
"That why I'm here hiding in Cannes." Baron-Cohen
girl, that bitch nearly snapped our necks trying to get through
I'm having way too much fun with Google's homepage today...
it's all good
I don't think its a white thing as much as an individual personality thing..she was prolly an ESTJ on the myers briggs
Heading to interview the med director of a Texas #ACO accepted into the #Medicare Shared Savings program. What would you ask?
And you, me! PS - Please tell Chicago I say hi :) RT : Pretty sure you complete me. Just sayin.
You think you're hot stuff huh?;)
Thank you for naming us a top #studyabroad site! :-D
thanks bro!!
I'm the savage what's happnin cmon tell me who want it
Lovely Easter. Drive thru mountains, brunch in the woods, walk thru Julian, quiet time at Lake Cuyamaca. San Diego never ceases to amaze me.
The trade that sent Jim Adduci to San Francisco has been rescinded because Adduci refused to report to Phoenix farm club.
And lastly so much love for
Cant wait til today is over, then its SPRING BREAK!!!
So random
I was about to write, "I don't think this day could possibly get any weirder," but I really don't want to tempt fate.
On the way to visit my mom at the hospital! She's going to be there until Monday, so everyone please keep praying she doesn't need surgery.
high noon… you?
Have you found a link to watch #BB13 live streaming? I'm going to be traveling next Thur for the live show.
Why the fuck did he fire Aubrey ODay??
RT : 1 reason a dog can B such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try 2 find out why. unk
Only a few more redesigns left for the fall stuff and I'll be ready to plan a photo shoot!
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
Solid show last night, going to be hard to top for a while .
thanks for following
RT : "Brand is defined by the experience people have had with you."
Thanks man good luck at SEMO
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at Oltorf of the exit ramp
What was the question?
Briana doesn't need to accept Brooks. She sees how u bounce from relationship to relationship. Get over it, loony
new machine is almost dialed in!
State Board of Education votes unanimously to review MIssouri Baptist University's right to sponsor charters at their April 16 meeting.
ELIZABETH WARREN is completing her process of TURNING JAPANESE, having gotten bored to be ONLY Native American.
#HappyMothersDay think of the woman who gave you strength and courage and not only today but everyday.
something must be wrong with me im listening to aventura
you know you are more of a population scientist than a political scientist when your fingers type "demographic" when you meant "democratic"
Me too it's amazing. oh and your party looked fun i wish i could've been there!
on M.Lauter show:Lushness,enchantment&the delirium of color powerfully assert themselves against the limits of rational knowledge
Gregory School library renovation project reused the cyprus original buildings.
#OpeningDay .... I love the smell of freshly cut grass! Lets Play!
COME JOIN US AS WE'RE FALLING INTO FALL w/ VAN GOGH martinis...& everyone's favorite band, will be playing..(6pm-10pm)
Redskins get RG3 and Browns get their pick in immediately, obviously
Darrian told me in drivers ed.
Realization: the Kardashians are the 21st Century Gabor Sisters. Time will not be kind.
maybe spambots have feelings too
you guys get outta school today
My mom thinks my Toni Cade Bambara art is cute. My dad just seems perplexed.
well I was talking to you too lil head gal lol
You're not frat if you don't wear LAX panties.
Sweet, sweet cheat day. #ChocolateChipMuffin #MouthOrgasm #BrainOrgasm LET THE DAY OF GLORY BEGIN!
hahahaha i never would have stopped liking him if i knew he liked hockey...... i cant stop thinking about him now
yellowcake changes everything
Oh you mean rye? lmao
Yes... I was like this can't be real... SPAM is getting out of hand I thought!!!
#MikeRosen to #LPR2011 - school #vouchers poll better among hispanics than whites
“: I feel sad when I see an old man eating alone at a restaurant :(”sometimes it's quieter that way! ;)
is having a comic release party TONIGHT for Li'l Depressed Boy tonight! DJ set and art for sale! RSVP...
Sorry about all the interruptions. However, I think what you're doing is really important, so hopefully that makes it better.
just to note, were SF's first pizza truck. Hope to see you soon.
RT : #netbaseknows need to do mixed media marketing analysis to determine true ROI, not just look at social media
#bitcheswhowontdateme retired Playboy Bunny's
Friendship with one's self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
sorry i was a weirdo about my melty face. let's hang out.
In the final scene of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, are you: •McMurphy •Chief •the Pillow •the Basin •the Escape
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver. ~ Anonymous
Getting there is the problem
If G-d answers ur Prayer He's increasing ur FAITH. If He delays, ur PATIENCE. If He doesn't Answr He has something BETTER by
Just thinking...not enought room here for all my thoughts....I need money is the main one right now! Lol
"I have several charts here. They'll bore you to tears." can't wait...
on the way.
December 14th, the group will have their debut appearance in celebration of the digital release & Blues Alley Jazz Club in Washington, D.C.
I hate being woke up out my sleep!
IF SOMEONE TELLS YOU YOU ARE BLOWING A LOT OF HOT AIR -TELL THEM YOUR GRANDMOTHER INVENTED AIR POPPED POPCORN AND HOT AIR MADE YOU RICH.
And your picks for best director/picture?
don't worry. Santorum is ate up with nonsense....
practice makes perfect!
Watching Sarah palin w/ my mom :p
proud to be working with ya bro!!!! I got 2 words... Scorsese / DeNiro...
Diana knows the whole Kevin G rap from mean girls ctfuuuuu 😂
Can't sleep :/ I don't even know what to say :'(
wisdom teeth being pulled=pretty suckyy to look like a chipmunk hahah
do you need someone to help? i'll manage your finances ;)
yeah I bought a few shirts. Hard to buy for me without trying on since I'm so tall. I'm sure you have the same problem. :)
"They say that Afghanistan is keeping terrorists. Afghanistan cannot even make a needle." #Taliban ambassador in 2001 - 9pm 89.3
Huh, Cowboys didn't defer...
Fred Winton predicts: "web 3.0 won't be user requested pages, nor will it be user generated pages, it will be database-algorithmic pages"
yay! What are you getting?!
Mike will made it
Tennis anyone? Tennis tonight My current fave SnakeSuit are playing the Atari Lounge.
Disagree. Weinke played in the NFL, doubt Weeden does. Basically Weeden=White IMO. Def deserves Heisman if pokes win out though.
Happy mothers day!! 😃
What's the next post going to be about?
I found a new drug: slurpees - an extremely powerful stimulant. Cheaper than booze... and you get the headache out of the way early.
Cleaned carpets. Organized closets. Love the results, but not the process.
always happens with them. Hell, Swish, Tex, Alex, and Cano are always going for bombs! Never a base hit! Frustrating!
thanks for the follow mama...
RT : Q2. Now that its getting warm out, where will you be taking your workout?
To those who think they already know the answers, bless your hearts.
I have no emotions anymoe, I'm not the same guy I once was....my heart is cold but my body is hot..I AM TRIQIWORLDDOTTCoM
how was the TSA gropefest going through customs? Did they give you guys any difficulty?
"If it were not for hopes the world would break." - Thomas Fuller
The lakers been doing Good lately;
sure thing, done :)
It's the last day of the first quarter, otherwise known as beg-for-an-extension day. Are your students like this?
Spring Break for those CCSD noodles, take the kids out, discover local treasure eat.drink.buy.hangout. #LasVegas love your city!
we need a post hail storm pic now
Let's go #TERPS!! We can do this!!
What a night.
by the way, how's that hip doing? rehabbing is fun, eh?!
“: Good night, wonderful mothers! I appreciate all you do for your little ones - whether they have two legs or four!” Amen!
1lap done still ain't no one here o well can't stop my Marathon
Well that a bit of a surprise
they both are some hoes ass niggas!
great! please do! we would love to have you!
In class, you go through your textbook and point to the funny looking people in them saying, "thats you" to your friends.
I did and it looked hideous and greasy so next time it all goes inside :-)
Check out the Daily Featured New Mexico Town from NMGiftShop.com Every Afternoon at 5:05pm (mountain time) only here on Twitter!
we love you more !(: ALOT MORE !(:
lol o ok, not big time at all lol
Order your Choice Eating meal plan by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
Ciudad Juarez = Worst crime city in the world.
Hey there I went home for a view days I will come pay you a visit when I get back
Hey, start w/ email maybe, tell me more about your story to see if I could really be of help. amardeep at gmail...
Southern quote of the day: all Mexicans like tequilla. And that's not racist, y'all INVENTED IT!
Listening to nostalgic bands on Cassie's ipod. Kinda surprised at how much I remember Saves The Day, and how little I enjoy Rilo Kiley
hi cleavage! Rawe
Come to Tacoma again, please!
That was a little scary ": Knox does not need to be holding any babies"
RT : Now going to look at business case of KLM by
lol it's cool! Some things were meant to be left unsaid. So I don't trip out
ill be at every bruins playoff game
Mario Lopez is so hot
so ready for this celtics and 76's game go off cuz im ready to see my #LAKERS!!
Come be an extra in San Francisco for on the 21st! We need you more than we need food, drink, or love! Msg if interested!
ok time to stop playing around & get back to my 'real wedding' planning. The wedding gown must be worn somewhere! 💝🎉
Don’t be too quick to put a period in your life story - there is always room for another comma! (via: )
It's KRISTIN. Not Kristen. Not Crystal. Not Christian. Not Kiersten. Not Bob.
#aftc12 data, analytics and visualization where social media falls short
aw thank you <33
RT : 97% of visitors to #Mexico want to return!
wow my girl is obsessed with Twitter!!!!
did someone go with you? Maybe you can get some and try to come back later and get more, they probably wouldn't notice lol
Miles Davis Reissue, 'Live in Europe 1967' #blowingmymind spacious precise and ferocious
John Reiss workshop at PushPush, is reasonably incredible!
Watching the devil inside during a thunder storm. Challenge accepted.
Absolutely! thank you too!
most if not all of my clients recovered over a year ago and I think the same for most study group advisor colleagues
glad you will be able to join in to hear RT : I'll be available for #sommchat tomorrow! Who's the guest?
TGIF Today God Is First
Thanks so much for the follow...... I got hit hard by Cinco de Mayo too.
Definitely puppy! Although its work, I can't image life w/o my puppy now! I love cable, but my dog loves me back :)
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. -Steve Jobs
that's great to hear! I know he enjoyed talking all of you last night.
bartender tonight said a Chinese kid was going to rock at beer pong because he was Chinese and then asked him if he played ping pong.
I wish I had to work today
seemed like a formality & not much more, right?
check my people out Gutta J Nino Brown youtube
Not a problem. As a social media marketer & blogger, I found the info very useful!
#TODO - Add all whom I despise to a Google+ Circle called "the despicable", then only share with them the sweetest of my success stories.
Stomach flu on a #Sunday = major
it's Friday, there are no good ratings Friday night.
Snowed in - don't care. Drinking and waiting for someone to come blow me (my driveway....pervs).
It's Armed Forces Day! Big thanks to our Military members for their patriotic service and support of our country!
I want NOW! Go get him, by the way he is in Hong Kong right now. I need my hubby! </3
your right it's how now haha
Lol i just ctacked to eggs on my boyfriend with flour:)
Forget feeling sorry for myself imma let loose for once
THEY MUST WIN! I have tickets!
"it looks like you have a comb over"
what you don't know. Lee Todd wouldn't have made that stupid video. Oh wait, he really didn't because after 10 years he finally got to see
oh fa sho ill roll up if you do :)
Business is like a wheelbarrow. Nothing ever happens until you start pushing.
": #Sagittarius likes to travel and likes to see new exciting places."
RT : Please RT. The Row For Freedom team have started their Atlantic world record early this morning.
Sorry you couldn't make it. And thanks for letting me know; just wanted to make sure they weren't lost.
hi, for Movember are you part of any team or are you going it alone?
omg, hey sweetie. <3
Am for nothing never mind :P and i saw ur pics xD it's cool i like it a lot! :) ur hair ..... xD
Pretty sure this is site-wide. I'm gonna crash so hard later tonight. RT : 10:50am: First Red Bull cracked
I'll be a couple of minutes late. Have to drop kid at practice. Sorry!
We'll have a new offer up on our site July 6 at 9am it includes Holiday World Express and admission to the park.
This lady deserves a #rottentomato for badmanners and setting a poorexample for children: was at Princeton Public Library last nite...
Pretty soon. Not quite yet. But soon I'll be playing the classic Bing Crosby "White Christmas" album. Soon. Wait for it.
Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand. ~ Lakhdar Brahimi
I love you Alfredo
New phone no numbers!! Dm me
Great questions everyone! We are passing all of them along and entering you in the autographed dvd drawing (one entry per person).
Going to sxsw at night alone is so weird.
So tired. Omg. Who invented waking up.
oh my god yes! I think that's as close as we'll get to Ron tonight.
In a reminiscing mood today. Going through old pictures and letters. #imisstheolddays :'(
We have McDermott's Irish Ale on tap and in pre-filled growlers! But keep your eye out for another new Irish Ale from Rohrbach's...
:getting ready for Italy.
ohh noo no no lol but it might be cute
Laugh a little more each day.
and im only 19. and only recently.
Good Morning! Thanks for tuning in! We'll need your name to leave at the Will Call for FRI's concert. Have fun!
i love your ass dakota ;)
Watchin spiderman wit jae n jaz n she was braidin my hair bt she took a lil break n im bout to fall asleep she cn do the rest lata
#FollowBack Contact us for all of your Video Production | Photography | Graphic Design needs!
Good morning, have a great day tweeps.
And now four establishing shots of entirely different places.
I need some heat
Don't look to anyone else but yourself to find your own definition of
#thingsididoverthesummer stalked the iconic boyz (: thats not creepy right? RIGHT?!!??!
I need a man that's dedicated to the game and not just playin a role.... Anything else is gonna lead to problems!
The #Pens #Flyers warm-Up playlist: Rage Against Machine, Metallica, Motorhead, Disturbed.
Just cuz you tweet it doesn't make it true
Scott Christiansen highlights progress in Winnebago County - Rockford Register Star (blog)
Why hello bright eyes!!. If you are looking a bit tired, simply blend 3 tiny dots of light reflecting concealer under each eye. 8-)
Why is there so much fuckin traffic everywhere. Go inside people
Hey fatty behind me in class, dying your hair blonde doesn't make up for your double chin and bitchy attitude.
New Attitude, New Look! Rocking it chic!
Congratulations to 2010 first-round Entry Draft pick and California's own on signing with the Pittsburgh Penguins!
Holtby played his ass off, that one goal he had no chance of getting.
Amare Stoudamire, the last nigga on earth with braids
Thanks Marie. You can buy them online (www.WeBeGreater.com) - the orange would really complement your shell :)
How very sad, but I know it to be true for many. Bluegreen has made it possible for our family to vacation every year. Yea!
need some new ladies!! sick of all these white girls.
overused and misused.
blooming Azaleas in Shaw. MT : Seasons all messed up in DC. cherry blossoms blooming on 34th St. and irises popping out in my yard
That is a safe line up and that will be his downfall.
Come on! We've given away hundreds of prizes to our Twitter followers. More to come!
My 200th tweet goes to and for teaching me to NEVER give up on my dreams and to believe in myself. <3 love them
RT : RT : Make a difference tomorrow by becoming a better leader today.
Good Morning :))
Ok 35 to go
So excited rn. Importing into iTunes. Then put on iPod, then sit with headphones and cry.
I am interested in Azealia Banks
i love that documentary its one of y favorites!
not good
Why haven't you gotten to see him?
Windows 8 = Jumping the shark. This OS is AWFUL! Maybe it would work for a tablet but a desktop?
Man, I liked the Barves when they were still in Boston. Someone get me a Pabst and a fixie. We're occupying The Ted.
Here you are ... Follow me back ...
tell me now!
Remember the dog held for a payment - then killed? Justice for Jagger - the story coming up -- Only on KOIN-TV
All I want tomorrow is my computer.
Good night everyone got a long day tomorrow.
I enjoy Saturday night racing. --- Dale Earnhardt
or "Party like its 1999"? I guess '99 wasn't like '95 or '97 though...
When you go to the grocery store, shop the outside perimeter.Most often you will find the food with the most nutrients and least processing,
back now
RT : I will not put tape on my windows. I will buy extra peanut butter. // though it is harder to get off windows
I really can't balance everything any more, and something has to give.
Players, parents and relatives always remembers to road you traveled to move closer to your destination.
Going to be in a music video.... OH YEA!!!!
Early mornin turntable session.
“: Sitting around with 2 of my favorite beers!” what are they?
Goodbye, Jon Huntsman. You were rational, thoughtful and qualified. See you in 2016 - but don't change too much...
I should have studied for mah japanese test.
m, that is a good one. also reminded me of Deusenberg's in Catonsville.
I don't think I could go a night without talking to srsly, this guy right here *points*
Life is short, break rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, and never regret anything that made you smile.
Because something itches in you to tell stories via writing? Because you savor being immersed in deeply felt writing?
where you looking to visit in SF?
Nerves are starting to settle in even more, can't sleep :/ this solo is killing me
Do not hate you for being a girlfriend of one of my idols! I hope you will very happy, but please do not break his heart!
Good to hear from you as well! We should catch up; it's been far too long.
just written a new song with lyrics inspired by life in a minimum wage job. -will preview on Tuesday's Ustream..
Put ya middle finger up screaming fuck da police.!
Raj ever want to be on the Seattle Wine Awards Tasting Panel? Got Fred Dame and Darius Allyn this year along with Jeff Lindsay-Thors!
So wanna try! : An onion rubbed on ur feet will be tasted within next 30-60 min cuz ur bloodstream carries it to ur tongue.
This is actually amazing!!!!!  When the #Pens get pissed off, they really go hard!!!!!!!
50 Shades of Grey is a sleeper. My new novel (A Smudge of Gray) has gotten some sales from people thinking it's 50 Shades...
Long day but had some fun with my Husboo :)
did you ever hear back?
In case god doesn't show.
Hahah. Sadly, it's anecdotal. I often go in the morning and 90% of the time someone in front of me is buying it.
Ready 2 Make Some Moves.
I get a pant full of bone just looking at those jerseys.
- im leaving his house now but leaving to go to the studio
Just got in a version of a #lastchance workout before I fly home to see my family 😊💦💪👟👙
After such an active few weeks in the #obama , hoping this final stretch is the dagger in the #Romney campaign
about 4 minutes into public panel discussion on transportation task the first shout from the crowd-" Liar" Promising start.
well we are excited to present the opportunity for fans to hear that signature voice live and in person at the fanfest!
Saturday morning #FF thanks! -->
Why do #Facebook and #Twitter feel the need togo change their formats every other day?
N is for any where any time at all here in the deep blue sea
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
Since responded to me and I have a prom to go to tonight, I'm gonna buy Prom Night and blast that shit!
please yes- I got Amelia Earhart, and the Octomom- I need more ideas!
Have a great shopping experience at #platocloset? Let us know! Tweet or and tell us about it!!
Enjoying an excellent workers comp class today with 's Bill Perkins
I wanna go home already.
5:00 thursday is the start of friday. right?
If you're an A&R and you have an open mind, reply to this...
J.P. Arencibia just hit a 3-Run home run off Dan Haren. 3-0 the other expansion team from 1977.
awww thank you! Haha I'm down for that any day, every day (; lets go to Narnia!
Can we make a couple Major suggestions regarding your website?
more suggestions for : more areas of town; next year needs more Shorewood, North Shore (Anchorage?)
We hope all of our donors and Longhorn fans in North Texas/DFW area stay safe during these storms! And everyone else too!
2 hour delay!!! :) lets hope for a closing!!
Half day!(:
that would only be fair :-)
What a long ass day of dance
"Eating Green, Living Bling!" Denver's Brown Suga Youth Festival 2012 will be starting shortly
Coming up at 11 we look at proposal by Duluth city council to toughen up regulations on massage parlors. Why some support & others disagree.
There was a typo in that. I'm pretty sure it was supposed to say
we everywhere! Just hit me
maximum rib respect!
- I totally agree.. We need it!!!!
Searching for answers. Is this what mid life crisis feels like?
Happy New Year! May you all have a successful and healthy year! $MSMY is the #pennystock on my radar today, watch with me
Does Arizona hate people or just people that think for themselves?
Headed to #sxsw. Time to start tweeting every 5 seconds.
Too #tired for my own good...get these classes done so I can #sleep!!
Too fucking hot outside, it was burning my flesh.
My daughter is enjoying #ACL right now and I'm at home...what's wrong with this picture? ;-)
Happy Birthday Christian!
Improvements Catalog
haha HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! He's hillarious 
Andy Carroll! Great goal. Game on.
The Civil Wars is one of my favorite bands! :)
so true!!
Im hungry & i feel bitter.
Watching a Mexican soap opera with my parents...
Uggg cant fall back to sleep
That's a great line. I hope you're using this for something more than a tweet.
Yeah, h2h. And I just lost Longoria, so I need an impact bat. I take it you're recommending I take the deal.
I mean sangin and a writin' and shhhhhhh! Surrounded by endless talent...when you coming back to LA? CPT
RT : I've slept with Max. I've slept around in Portland. Now
Guys!!! I got sent to twitter jail earlier😠
Thank you so much :)
Harsh return to reality begins with call from bank reporting fraudulent activity on my card yesterday. Card cancelled.
lol well I had waffles with it, but I mostly at the capin crunch
Cafe 300 specials for this beautiful Tuesday are cheddar broccoli soup and a grilled turkey panini! Come on in! Bring the whole fam!
great article this morn! So proud of you Jess!!
Hello - joining and lurking today :)
": Who Lives In or Around Tampa ?" We n tampa
Forgiving means to pardon the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. And hoping means to hope when things are hopeless.
O'Malley's actually lucky to be on term #2 and not have to make up an excuse for losing a term #3 attempt.
im not much of a pet lover, but id love to strap to my car's roof and drive around as he shits himself like he did with his dog.
That's what he told me.
nigga go to school u graduating monday
Ya FB is getting very boring twitter is definitely better :D
Go #Giants!!
OMG!!! I see the sun. Pinch me I must be dreaming!!!
"I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate
Enough marketing for my clients for tonight (I mean this morning)! Time to get some rest. Busy day tomorrow.
Hosting Jeff Dodd and Greg Porter from Andrews Kurth for a session on intellectual property and patents
calm down. America's education system is deeply flawed. Don't blame people for not having the math skills of a third grader.
Ihave to freaking babysitt and do other stuff!! ugghhhhh but i get money so yay haha after christmas would be perfect!!?!
Gorgeous day for dog walking!
Today's Message: Rescuing Rehab
Back in the 80s I would have never expected Sony to be as irrelevant as they are today
Aerobic and strength training slow the rate of bone loss in postmenopausal women.
If a bell rings in the forest, does an angel still get his wings?
YOU'RE awesome! :)
Three blind dogs. Three fast cars. - Justin C. from Holy Cross
I don't understand whats happening right now :\
Intriguing...you down?
I have an advising appointment with #UniversityOfColorado #Denver on the 14th!!! #GradSchoolHereICome!!
Enough for one day. "lay me down steep road, great gulf, mirror'd lake, that i may delve into your night, unsullied by the light..."
ARE our best friends, they just don't know it yet! :) So jealous.
at least you understand it's wades team lol
.. Now it's too late for you and your white horse, to catch me.. Now ..
Too often efficiency is confused with just cutting corners and lowering standards.
Merkel says she's "appalled" by G-20 not dealing with the "too big to fail" banks. Why didn't she do anything about it in last few years?
please follow me :D 28
is it an arena tour?
Get off twitter but Follow me Back :)
I got new glasses for the first time in three years and had a headache for a few hours. Love 'em now!
thank you for following us, you guys rock!
#69Factsaboutme 1. I have blue/green eyes!
I miss you all, too! Send my hellos to the class. Keep writing. :)
= lyrical wonder
Best Happy Hour. Ever.
When ms.travis calls me a wh*re.
very sick...feel like crap.
NEW VIDEO SHOULD BE UP SATURDAY OR SUNDAY HOPEFULLY <3
some guys are just dumb . I'm not like that
www.thebrassybite.com... check it out!
Says she just threw up in her mouth.
when writing songs, how do u decide if it'll be a #Crüe sing or #SixxAM one?
what up Jimmy
How do u look @ his mentions?
Sometimes the best part of the day is 5:00pm o r5:30pm depending on your work schedule.
Australian quicks excite Arthur
New photo/icon. Me. My bota (yes, that's the technical term). Valle Guadalupe.
Champ says Manning always knows what you're doing defensively.
Stay positive, loving and grateful, and don't forget to laugh a lot:)))
Congrats on launch of Smithsonian mobile!!! Can't wait to give it a try...
why are you such an attention seeker?!
cool bro
I LOVE watching the Tigers in the studio right now! Thank you ESPN!
maybe this calls for a new saying: keep personal music interests and business separate
*sigh* will forever be the cutest thing ever I love her so much <3
Watching episode re: superglue. Remembering 8th grade student I had who used it to glue his lips together.
& Let's go Yankees.... Beat the Rays !
I love going to work on Mondays.
"Life is the dancer & you are the dance" - a new earth, eckhart tolle
how can you say ew? That was badass!
Good to see the fight in the young guys though. Only means it will go up from here.
"#love makes life complete"
Pretty sure my girlfriend is convinced I'm stupid. Not sure I would disagree. Need to stop thinking out loud around her.
Well gorsh, thanks so much!
Welcome to my world. LOL.
HUGE. She's sleeping between us like we never left. Missed her so much. Plus, get this, her mother (the dog) is pregnant again!
talking about back in the day
"2 Big Games. 2 GIANT Wins." - The Book Of Eli
#np love game
Jacksonville #Jaguars select WR from #OKState Justin Blackmon with No. 5 overall pick
loove what you do! keep it up. We posted a blurb about you on Facebook
check out the podcast; it was at the end of the 2nd hour
Its like, whatever
You know, you’re not looking as processed and overly-medicated as usual.
They had to write min.1x a week on something class related but then on anything they wanted - they did poetry, stories, art, photos
so sad!
no rye at first. We need to get our single malt underway. has an excellent rye.
I'm only excited for this summer because I'll have a job so when i don't have friends my excuse will be that i have work
When u relize u left class an hour early and dont come back haha Cheergirl<333
Sometimes when ya get the wrong order, forgotten about, & are served after those who came in after ya, there's no reason to tip your server.
Legalize it?
Shout out to
not even home for 24 hours and already got a speeding ticket
#iWantSomebody to love me for me , <3
oh really that sucks
Thanks ! We are excited to have you back again this year! Be sure to spread the word!
#FAIL "Freedom OF but not Freedom FROM Religion?" #Presidential #President BO on Martin Luther King Day none the less!
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
"If I get you alone, boy we're gonna need a soudproof room"
I LOVE that show; there's even black people, I think he might have even be Haitian, the pirate? lol
I want to take my bra off. The underwire is very uncomfortable.
Sweet Dreams!
for president of america
Photo of said turtleneck please?
How are you supporting local?
Your talking about the ducks right?
right? it's NOT ABOUT YOI
Playing some #mw3 (ps3)
Bwahahahahaha that's hilarious! :)
Haven't been on here for a while -_-
shaq is just a jealous ass nigga who can't do commentary b/c all he does is mumbles. Charles >>>>> Shaq
HAPPY 16TH AUSTIN!!! as if I missed the 10.14 UK time!! ah well, happy birthday:-) have a really good day:-) lots of lovee
really my Nigga i knew you was looking for something at goosebumps guess you found it
I'm making one of those "aw" faces at this tweet, in case you were curious.
Prince Royce looks so hot tonight.😍😍
We all should know that diversity makes for a rich tapestry, and we must understand that all the threads of the tapestry are equal in...
I saw you today :3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAMIAN!!!
Time to get #Yanni'ed. Hell m'effing'yes.
Alright time to make the adjustments...told y'all I was scared of these pacers...spo will make the correct adjustments...
Bout to buss ha ass before I buss these suds
I'm tealed up! RT #TEALTini Happy Hour is finally here!! Eileen and Katie are donating all their happy hr tips!!
for 20 bucks lol you on crack?
Yes you are! Congratulations!
don't get me wrong i love my family BUT i'm at the age where i want some freedom.
R U Mine? on #Conan tearing' shit up!
how many times did you have colonoscopy before?
Super fun day playing in FAO and Toys R Us!!!
those were cool cats to talk to.
yikes...cheer up Jer!
We couldn't really stop laughing, so the team video for our application is going to be weird...
Again with the passes behind the receiver!
Plastic Surgery Sundays
Pacers really just beat the heat??? #wow #okay .
follow back? x]
S/O to my awesome #NF AND You should probably follow them(; lol Thanks guys!
deep life discussions in artroom
Forgive? Sounds good. Forget? I’m not sure I could. They say time heals everything but I’m still waiting
Are we ever going to learn what really happened with the whole Ryan Braun thing?
For school signings, easier to hv ea class come in 1 at a time or, at the most, by grade level
Crap only have vodka... But I guess that works too
Oh yeah :) Just not the German Shepard next door, haha
I'm on g+ I also suggest friending Randall Munroe (guy who does xkcd).
Just another day in the life.
OH! Don't forget about Sangria Friday, as well as the TWO Happy Hours today! City's Longest 2pm-7pm & After Dark 10pm-3am (It's ALMOST 2pm!)
way to go T-man. That last second tip in looked so similar to Dante's last night! Give credit to Haddadi's D tonight too!!
was a guest on potato salad radio this week.
How am I bored?! Yet I'm working!!! I'm bored!
tsu surf.... Man I can name five dudes better than him from the east coast.
Belated thanks for the great customer service last week! Love having you here in Madison.
hey girl! Did u see my bubba at school today? ;)
flight delay. -.-
exactly lol which is going to be my biggest problem. I love my mountain dew :(((((
Im not fine. I need you to comfort me but your not here.
Elevators in big buildings make me nervous!
Yes, I do. I also kno his grandfather. He let us Backstage at Jones Beach. We asked if he knew cody he sed ya and let us back
-- NCAA tourney is a crapshoot. Anybody can win in single elimination tourney.
BE'LA SHOWS: TODAY KENNEDY CENTER / THURSDAY BLEUE / FRIDAY@ WOW WALDORF / SATURDAY@ THE HAT FACTORY RICHMOND VA W/ LISA RAYE
I really don't be seeing you in school
I think I'm somebody I used to know.
#SpecMarket | Is the U is out to best the WB..? I'll never tell. But #spec #script grail is up. And LQQk what's coming [Next #Tweet] July
warriors better stick to the script. we need that draft pick.
Ashlynn, I Swear I Be Trying To Be Nice!
National Hamburger Week at !! created five specially-made burgers to celebrate! Try the Barnyard Buger w/fried egg m
All I know is I'm not home yet, this is not where I belong
Downtown OKC's (my hometown) long term plan starts to pay, by
Yeah I mean, if it's illegal, how can you willingly deprive people of my great service?
I feel like crap too. RT ": I don't think I could drink enough Yogi antioxidant tea right now if I tried. #wildweekend"
Guest for tonight's CBS Xfinity Live show at Tavern Downtown is Broncos fullback Spencer Larson. 6:30-7:00.
The world is a TV and our pineal gland is the remote
Success can bring fake friends and true enemies, watch your circle carefully..
Getting my Warped Tour tickets next week, with my T-Shirt also. :D
Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good. -Romans 12:21
seeing peace around you. Spirit their is no limits. Allow love. Try doing something for someone else. It is a great way to shift
Ryle High School just got a shout in the Reds/Brewers game
