Can Yu Clean The Mirror Before Yu Think About Takin A Bathroom Pic....
Thank you very much sir! RT
#MAWC2012 to all that are attending, have a wonderful time! We hope to go next year!
same here haha. Well ima go & try to get some sleep. You do the same (:
And we THANK YOU! Mega heartzzz
might as well tlkn to u via social networks cuz I can't get a convo off one
Happy Birthday Chris.....Twitter Is Jericho.....
The September 2010-2011 cohort's completion ceremony is underway in NYC.
I caught a bit of it. Sarcasm describes it well.
Talked about beer the whole period in government
A glimpse at my weekend plans:
thanks for stopping by! Congrats on the mayorship :-)
place u need to come to ny now
Singing for hailey : Me : I love you like a love song baby... Hailey: I WANNA FART !!
Thanks for spreading the word!
�Search is about figuring out what people are looking for when they enter keywords into their favorite search engine
shifting analysis focus and submitting to a different journal.
YOU SHOULD COME
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Glide Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Join us today at noon for the 2nd Annual Paige Haas Benefit with great food and live music! For info www.thescreaminggoat.com
AND we'll get right back to 70 to 80 afterwards! Ah....Spring Swing :)
Anthony Davis' unibrow is the real winner here
Thank you everyone for the support. Getting ready to do a new sound mix so there also might be a new trailer and a special announcement.
im really gonna miss u ann. Like ill go into day 6 free and start crying. You are great. And the only one who laughs at my jokes
means ur Twitter is hacked change ur password
The Avengers was an awesome movie! Captain America is one handsome fella.
getting that rehab in
thanks for the tweet, Steve!
I got it!! Love you more!
only a soft guy like yourself would think of such dumbness!
I guess here's a thing: if I've given you program or library advice multiple times without a thank you, I'm going to stop responding.
“: On our way to the Herberger Theatre to see 39 Steps!!! So excited!” We're glad you came to the show!
Hey Lindsey! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
I'm a dreamer
Use cash instead of credit cards.
Indiana got a lil nic squad
Hey Roomies, will be a re-run tonight. But you get to program it. Which Episode do you want to watch together!?
thx much, major surgery this afternoon
dime el nombre del hotel
I came home, thought of you and now here I am. Eating carrots!!!
Coming to downtown LexVegas tonight? Come see me at #Cheapside for a nice cold (or hot, if you're weird like that) adult beverage!
Uncompfortable and heel find openings devin will get frusterated and try too brawl and get caught by left hook and kod war madana!
“When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.”...
#cantgoadaywithout beating a criminals ass! Lol!
"Aren't you going to tell me my email's popping up all over the screen?" "Your emails are..." "No, really? I had no idea." #teachers lol
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
From Pennsylvania location: We just started getting snow flurries!
gallo wants no part of the ball.
we have Papi u idiot. Last thing we need is an ancient, roided out idiot taking up a spot on the roster
Be careful, my Hollywood/Weho friends! This arson business is not so cool.
Gee Minor matchup. Ha..
Summertime grind.. Trips to #Miami, #Cali & #NewYork hope my team is ready to make some neccessary moves, Working with beneficial connects!
I'm still here in Manila. Let's watch tomorrow. :))
make a soufflé
I agree...it's pretty bad...
I'm so glad you guys are going to meet. You will loove each other, no doubt.
Who are the judges for this year's case competition?
Excuse me while I geek out that just followed me. Punk Planet was seriously an integral part of my intellectual development.
Am i the only one who puts sazon and lemon in my soup? *shrugs*
SNL's "What's up with that?" jingle has become our theme song for the week. Yay...
you are so welcome how's everything
Personally, I loved the cheeky and irreverent stuff. Your point of difference from ADWEEK, etc. FWIW.
#1156 I just freaking love your name! "I love Austin" :)
follow back please?
Is it really November? I'm driving with the windows down. Beautiful fall day!
Now go break a cascarone on his head RT : Happy Easter Babe ! I love you =*
How is everyone today?!
To err is human, to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
“: Good Morning Everyone. Hope you have a great day!!! Happy Mother's Day.” good morning!!
Hill House is my favorite as well. I'd love to stay there overnight in the National Trust rooms.Wake up to that view of the firth.
I HATE STUDYING FOR SPANISH
It feels like everyone decided to put their important day on this date...
Houston Texans 2012 NFL Draft Notes and Quotes
I am. Just a stuffy nose. :)
A New Day Thats Wassup! I Am So Ready For Tulsa,OK!
someone should point out that people's dates are most likely able to ride bikes as well...
Every time I hear anything about Tom Cruise's new movie, I think, "Isn't that called ROCK OF LOVE?"
Im Out 4 Some Hours I Got A Life.#FreeBoosie.G.F.B. Damage Mode 414 If U Don't Like It Well #HoeGoHam.Its Problems Bitch.
in Charlotte.....do you think our family is in danger?
What time?
That I won't Ever change...... IM LIKE A BIRD
Had a rejuvenating quiet prayer and bible time this morning. This is the BEST way I have found to have peace, happiness, calm and clarity.
Go Adrian!! RBI time!
If it were not for food, what would we eat?
guest mix for Equalizer radio should be up on Friday if all goes well. new mashup will go up over the weekend
Feeling stressed! Time for a groupon get-aways break.
thanks Ed. Best.
...had an awesome interview on WKKX AM1600 on The Curse of the Red Cup.
Officially finished half a can of ginger ale. I hope that no one catches this from me because it sure is terrible.
WHAT IS IT? :O
Now there is Thursday night football! How is a sista supposed to get some QT?
who the HELL is asking if Moore will do anything other than start?
love the train wreck, but will you send to rehab for spousal abuse? admitting ur abused first step. Lol.
Woow your a bad girl cause you speak slang, it's like me saying I'm a smart child cause I can work out 2+2, get your fucking facts straight
well good thing you're testing a missile shield system. I heard the last test only missed by 137 feet.
All black
I'm great! Let's link up soon. I can show u around
I assume it's all prefaced, "So, if this jackass is to be believed..."
If my phone dies while im at the gym im gonna be very upset /:
happy birthday!
Going to see Zombieland today :)
Today's indispensable summertime affectation: blot dewy face with folded handkerchief. Repeat.
ha! Yes, things could be worse :)
which is why I don't understand why people are concerned about Paterno. He was an enabler! Doing nothing is doing something!
One of the worst mistakes you’ll make is walking away from the girl that stood there and waited for you.
Code Enforcement usually deals with that sort of thing. Depends on if you are in the city or county though.
AND play the Cowboys in the NFL season opener on Sept 5th! That's a WEDNESDAY by the way... #WNF vs.
Looking for that ______ ?
Today was awesome. I got cake in my hair and went bowling. I have an exciting life.
thank goodness some things are still simple. It keeps us alive and present.
Cheers to the freakin weekend!
Thanks for shouting out We're super excited about the product.
where u drinkin at cuz im tryna find where da party be at
marina and I would like an evite to ur party and to be friends
can you please follow back i need to DM you a question about some photos. Thanks
i have not been on twitter for a week becouse of spring break so good to be back
idgaf how many likes you got you're still ugly in my world. l0lz
is on #twitter #YAY!!!!
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is an old dude who is European or often travels to Europe. Pony tail optional.
when I m thinking of it Twitter could b a really good spot for call girls to make thousands of green paper! #imjustsaying I dnt hav a fone
I feel like shit
Paver Patio Installation Video from My Phone - patio pavers
Wanna Be On Top!?
Should have shorted BP when I heard about the spill. Making money off a corporations stupidity makes me feel good inside.
- thanks for following us!
guess i should just get this spanish homework done huh
Isn't she?! -RT : whoop whoop...Diana is awesome! Congrats to her again this year 4 the seafood cook off contest!
Going to bed happy, <3
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. -Benjamin Franklin
excited to learn more about you! Are you based in Seattle?
awesome day in Chicago lovin it
If you can't disprove a "Creator" is it so far fetched to believe that the "Creator" would have concern for it's creation?
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
Insula Primalis is a terrible place
#austinsyear is totally going to be amazing i have to meet him totally #determined !!!!!!!!!!
Cool. Now let's go out for some. I think I may have Yelped out a decent place nearby... you'll just have to come visit or something.
I Got Mixxed Up And Thought It Was Tommorow But Its Today Bro
- Marla, yourtwitter account has been hacked - I recommend you change your password immediately
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. ~ Henry David Thoreau
your profile picture is disturbing lmao jkayy
He really gonna go say "Sydney With That FatAss Butt"
Trying to purchase a domain that was registered with netsol, hasn't become available months after expiring.
i think the Mitchell Airport! i know i'm 20 minutes away from them.my heart is racing cause i know they'll be here soon!
I wish everyone would stop talking about food. Just kidding. All this talk about food IS making me hungry though...
Just spent an hour and a half talking to one of my kids instead of studying. Definitely the right decision.
Either Courtney Upshaw-OLB-Bama', or Shea McClellin-OLB-Boise State. Both guys would be a great compliment to you.
HAD A GREAT TIME WITH MY HUSBAND MY FAMILY AND THE IN-LAW MY TE-TE I LOVE YALL SO MUCH!
Cloud via Canberra and Computer Power
Follow he gives love advice an is good when it comes to love an stuff please follow
They that they will always be there for you... But when you really need them, they aren't there
RT : Discount Double Check Voided
The mosquitos there are like little vampire birds, and I had their sweet sweet nectar.
Can't believe cohens only done 3 interviews out of character
Gonna miss ya twitter:(
lol. My sister said a couple people went to see part of it during sandwich shop! lol
Big bang theory
Are you a #startup CEO & raising funds? 5 minute fundraising survey gets u chance to win
we're leaving in 15 minutes, so I'd say 3 PM tops.
Digging us some cyber TV from down under!
wooh those Emoji cons show up on Twitter now? This could be the first sign of the apocolypse.
I love him unconditionally <3 ...
Good advice, any day. ": Take the other side of the argument today. See how well you understand what you're arguing against."
In permanent marker.
The protesters are back on the street. "We are the 99%."
Tom Brady, win or loose today. You still get Giselle Bundchen tonight after the game. So you win.
alistair is like ... lmao, i just love him.
I'm not sure which dictionary you use... the dictionary of opposites I guess?
they not gonna get you as dramatic tho.
The startling conclusion to Chapter One--two new pages today!
Kids asked why I was laughing hysterically. Told them abt 's pants falling off.They said "That's so WRONG" & "Ewww DISGUSTING!"
Yeah!!!! You could sell it at like, kid stores x) OR PARTY STORES. You'd be a millionare, in no time.
Naah everyone knows they wanna txt me :)
Several police arresting woman in Capitol Visitors Center who's screaming many things, urging everyone not to assassinate Paul Ryan
I agree. As an SLMS I would hesitate to send home an expensive equipment. How much classtime will give students access?
thats more than funny im stopping the cussing and such
You think Card's a jerk, or Ender?
Miss you!!
New faces leading the way for Vols - ESPN
Sometimes "you have to get out of your place" and make your voice heard when it comes to advocating for media access and telling our story.
- yep, sounds awesome!
Good choice! Anyone else vote Crimson? ": Joan Jett - Crimson and Clover."
we both know this #love is trending . <3
If you're a landlord interested in trying our product for FREE in exchange for feedback on the user experience, contact us. PLEASE ReTweet!
SapientNitro is featured as one of the the world's leading independent agencies 2012, published by Campaign and in association with thenetw…
Robert Pinsky giving keynote at #WFUD2012: "As to fair use, nobody knows what it means. It's an ambiguous evolving and devolving concept."
We are seeing an increase in note transactions at Halstead, is capable of researching these types of investment sales?
Enjoyed the wEekend! Can't wait for this one!
one of the best SME events Ive ever been to, great to see another title, the Country Club sports domination continues
Thank goodness its Sunday and I am off because I am STILL at work. LETS GO!
Wtf nicki Minaj that was an abomination... I wouldn't mess around with devil shit!!!!
You know, you can fool me once, you can fool me twice, but then you can only fool me a few more times till I start to catch on.
found my to-do list! but i don't wanna do any of it...
For reals. I designed it. Quetzalcoalt, God if war, AZTEC.
.nowhere outta came...days for pandora on it hearing been ive ?"!pizza !pizza" back bring just caesars little did um
thx for the #ff. Have a great weekend.
Mirna White believes in and supports partnership rights. She supports current legislation surrounding marriage equality.
PLEASE DO! I was actually just going to contact you about doing your piece AND I am going to Common Roots wish u were here!
RT : We've got our latest freebies in! Come get one at the viewing party tomorrow in the sdc 1310 at 7pm!!
Via "Good Collection development policies always leave an out for unwanted donated material" #libmade (GREAT point!)
what if you were paid with gum? Or chocolate? Or something equally as silly?
It was a great session and I picked up some great tips.
You guys should take the helicopter ride around the city!
Hooray! Just submitted final report for FY '10-'11 grant to Thanks for the continued support #OAC!
Why the Midwest is great for startups: Average lower wages = lower cost to start a team.
"Harry Potter" author JK Rowling writing adult novel
photo shoot for my new knitting book is coming up in 2 weeks.... shot by the fabulous jared flood, again.
You too? #freemoney!
I love it!!! Happy Sunday Funday!
My doc brought up the metformin trial to me yesterday! since I can take Metformin now she wants me to start taking it again.
Judge told #Huguely jury to apply the word "reason" as they would "in every day life".
Being Able To Speak Different Languages Is Great :) I Really Wanna Learn Arabic!
Hi, please follow me so I can send u a messages...
White Castle adds beer & wine @ NW IN store. either brilliant or unintended consequence of human progress. No middle ground. What do u think
thanks for the apollo always give me the selena fans thank you very much I love them, always with the message encerio thanks! ♥
Watch out Tejas Moto is coming to town and the force is with us
Happy birthday!
gettin' my study on at mullins with
This is why I need a dog.
well I use Runkeeper (not free- like 10 dollars) but completely worth it.. but MapMyRun is basically the same, good as well
thats why I come in late... saw him in the jpad, and i decided to come in late instead. lol
Q3 I wish we could display all of our books at approximately eye level. I'll have to live with a mix of face out/spine out.
Last night I saw a man beat up a building and a car with his body.
Philly gettin to damn comfortable
My day has consisted of unpacking, doing dishes, doing laundry, taking out the trash, and fixing/cleaning my toilet. I feel so old.
Thinking about the nastiest boning session I've had think...spit...lube...and multiple O's
Everyone needs Club angels in their life. I'm partial to the AAngels
After extended my #blackjack lead at decided to go to Aureole for dinner, land of the Wine Angels.
crazy? That's amazing! I'm at 350/month with budget billing. I want your plan.
Thanks for making me laugh-Moment #2 Brandon Jacobs!
Listening to the new Avalon album while I wait for my flight to Chicago.
This meeting today? Just to ask questions. We won't get answers. The ?s will go in a report to the Chancellor.
"heaven from hell, blue skies from pain" Pink Floyd <3
#ihatewhenpeoplesay I love you after they've been dating for a week.
Just got an email that my glasses have shipped! FINALLY! Yay!
Looking for any tweeps who play world of warcraft.. Any one here play horde on sargeras?
"Once I went to the bathroom at night and it was in the corner... could be here right now I don't even know"
Catching up with generous mentions: Thanks!
sorry I can't be there :/ ... Looks awesome!
Ted Thompson must be stuck in NYC traffic....
Triumph & Tragedy... can any fame go without?
for #FLT tonight! Great set planned for the show and a ton of new jams for the post-party.
Its funny when people in the wrong they always find away to change it around the opposite way smh
YOU HAVE TO GO TO VENICE BEACH. ah-mazing.
Bulls Vs. Magic last night.. Best game I have ever been 2
Not yet. I'm thinking of doing Almost Easy either today or tomorrow.
Ive got this dumpster of liquor from the derby : Has everyone decided what type of liquor they are going to get me for my birthday?
RT : Personal Capital kicks off 2nd session of the morning with a "remote control for your money"
keep it up bro!
Happy Mother's Day everyone! Going to make a special meal. Marinated beef fajita meat all day w cilantro, evoo, w-shire, and lime juice.
Happy Birthday MJ!!!! We miss you!!
How do you know when yogurt goes bad?
positive thoughts, give new ownership a chance please!!
are you intoxicated.. Lol
Woke with an incredibly uneasy feeling...
Saw it three times in the theater. You're making me feel old.
Have a lot of work to catch up with this week.
:p i love ur voice
(cont.) and that #soccer is the #world's favorite sport, the world doesn't revolve around #america ya know.
You know it!
Confession 1- I write ALOT of songs, and raps. <3
THAT'S AWESOME!! I was seriously so excited when he hit 1000 I freaked.
. But EVERYONE presents at a #thatcamp. And re: BootCamp schedule, we're still massaging that.
Oh Alex. You are a weird one. But we love you anyway! :)
#MTV LOVE!
#phx #arizona need help with determining your #bankruptcy options? #debt is no fun and can be overwhelming. Let us know how we can help you?
thanks for the RT.
I loved the "Dolphins Tale" especially because it was based on a true story
yea try it you will get hooked “: ill give ema try :P”
If the master thinks it not possible to learn from the student, what has the master learned?
Marquee-ing at the Cloud Analytics Summit
Grazie! Not too superstitious so it's all good! "Break a leg" also works. BTW choreographer =UMD Alum! Go Terps!
When you get that itch on your foot that seems like it is never going to go away <<<<
RT : Looking to rent this summer in #ROC? Check out - Free Newdigs Renters guide at #RCR2011; you'll be impressed!
Thanks did you get my last jokes I sent you ?
Im glad you came. ✌
I need a vacation, with sun, sand, and palm trees ... oh yea ... and beer!
it's like i have 2 twitters, but one's a tumblr
Preparing to judge the photography entries at the #Loudoun County Fair tomorrow. Looking forward to funnel cake, animals and fun times.
So excited to see Zoup! coming to Westlake! Can't wait for it to open!!
Its funny how the colors red white and blue mean freedom until they're flashing behind you
I drug an old porcelain bathtub out to the Roy Field, full of hot water. I lay there looking skyward for van gogh starlight as water cools.
“: I swear I have the laziest dog in the world. She cuddles up right next to me nd makes it impossible for me to get up” lucky dog
His name is Roman Wolfe and he's even better when he plays violin in his speedo! lol We love you too :)
He surely helping the lakers in the playoffs! RT : Jordan Hill has been a revelation for the
Seriously amazing! Best part of our meal last night. Eating the leftovers tonight. Love the salty sweet combo.
just went to a masseuse that rubbed me the wrong way!! I got an ironic ending.
I see no reason to assume that someone talking about Britney isn't a Kings of Leon fan
way to early
Finding out you're not in the friendzone and you're practically throwing yourself at the person but nothing is happening <
MLS could help women's soccer with double headers or home games when the men's team is on the road, not to hard to figure out.
#castle #47seconds is on tonight!!!
thanks for that link -it was lovely meeting you this week!
i named my brochure girl Jes U. Schrist huhuhuhuhuhuh
What&#39;s in store&quot; Cap-toe shoes
glad you made made it!
Don't rely on others, rely on yourself.
"Take every failure as an experience, because you need experience in order to become an expert."
aha....i'm gonna have to agree with Robby on this one. (And yes, he is obsessed).
we are in the same category as unicorns no? Rumored to exist but no one "sees" us
that leaked NFL schedule may be bogus, per
planned to wake up at 5:45 to work out, slept in until 7:20. my bed would have missed me too much.
"We have gotten some info. We're hoping for the right tip." - 's Derrick Jackson on 1290 WLBY. Call 1.800.CrimeStoppers
I think its better if were just friends. you're cute & all, but were both shy people & nothing will be accomplish the way things are at now!
Gud night twitter peps
": RT You ? and You ? Go Follow » #TeamAutoFollow #500ADay so leave me a message don't understand
Logic pro... Love hate relationship .. But more love than hate
that would be a great name for a watch line
i think i see the resemblance.
Then don't pay attention to it. : I just want the record to show that I think this Tim Tebow pc is an utter disgrace.
I love getting messages that make me smile like a dummy when I read them and make people wonder ❤❤❤❤
thanks I followed!
thanks david (:
Good morning #ISS Long Beach!
1 of my former PhD thesis advisors just shared a link to his latest genomics paper, which is behind a paywall. I felt like chastising him
He's all bleeding and stuff
“: Is there anyone more smug than Alex Trebek? I submit that there is not.” Joe Buck pretending he knows shit about football
Looking at office space in Reston, Va for GeoLaw P.C
I love that!
Movement is a constant. It's the way in which we perceive movement that evolves. This is CG Philosophie.
"Anytime you start a sentence w/ 'I feel that', it's not a feeling, it's a judgment."
ok t mitchell from their is nice but not a game changer , UNT had a solid season but thought they would be dominate with him
Happy Holidays to you guys!! Hope to see you soon. Maybe in Harlem?
We are working on an IPad layout, it will be slick!
no problem. Thanks for tweeting!
Jill! Thanks for the FF! Have a good one today!
late reply, but thank you so much! <3
Nearly any genre category you choose on Spotify radio will queue up some awesome Spanish-language artists. Love it.
It's all good dont think it heard you hahah jp
Heading into a busy day that begins with bootcamp w/ Let's do it!
Let me know if you learn anything exciting about Pinterest please :)
I LOVED most of the latest "attack ad" against Obama from the #GOP. It actually made him look GOOD by looking COOL!
Where do you discover these great classes? how did I miss them??
What's your favorite #foodnews website? We love !
Can I relax and not overtalk at this meeting? Yes. I can.
I've got my mindset on you
it's friday! have you stocked up for the weekend?? Stop in and see us- You won't be sorry you did! :)
so you have seen it. That's annoying, another benefit of freaking FOX, perlease help me get a job there!!!!!
I hear the whole thing is very stirring
Goals are dreams with deadlines. -Diana Scharf Hunt
Greenwood Canada cleanest tap water in the world! YE
Have to back to my queen bed after a week with Kings on vacation
THE LONGER YOU KEEP LOOKING BACK, THE LONGER IT'S GONNA TAKE YOU TO MOVE FORWARD.
Rise Against is playing Broken English. FUCK
I dont like that everybody uses the term female to refer to ladies n women. Females includes animals too. How special do yall feel?
Someone In my #Starbucks just tried to order an eggnog latte. Makes me wonder if I've been sitting here longer than I think ...
You make think you hard but theres someone out there thats harder
Up and still at it...
Still currently traveling out of state and getting daily inspirations for business.
man eye been killin yams all off year! And greens. That shyt don't work. Eye saw bolt stand beside and smdh!
ima beat yo bitch ass bro chill Dawg ... lmao for I start thinking bout Bianca pussycat! & where you went to?
How was everyones Cinco De Mayo? Anyone got stories of your crazy outings last night?
My new favorite Wikipedia disambiguation page: IRIS. 102 uses. None of them the one I was looking for, so maybe I can add
Happy VD everyone. The one day a year you can spread the joy of VD without remorse! It only comes once a year, but the gifts keep on giving!
Feelin better but still kinda sick :{
I gotta say, this is the longest audition EVER.
#ThisSummerImTryna get tan!
#Huguely lawyer, "there simply was no intent to kill" addressing murder charges.
Limo Deals for graduation! Get your exotic stretch limo in Denver Colorado for your upcoming graduation! R/T PKGS! www.denverlimousine.com
Just a Feeling. Maroon 5. </3
Well, if you do go (and you should), please seek out and/or and give em a hug from me!
We're going to bring your idea back to life
Trying to figure out why Ann Coulter retweeted this...
"It might be the Keith Sweat concert. I'm sure it's going to be crowded," says my dad. Seriously.
Ricketts is a placeholder until Evan Bush is ready.
Idaho: Are you looking for a skiing destination in Idaho that has a heart stopping amount of vertical? There are quite a few resorts that...
can you tell me more about the study comparing text messages with phone calls & personal visits?
#EightysWorld2 I been warming up.....bout to dropp all new videos soon.nextlevelshit!
Love Masters Sunday. One of my favorite days of the year.
can't wait to see tonight at :)
Ravens to impose their will today at M&T.
You are so amazing.
Awake and rested! Now about to get ready to party.
Friday Morning Computer Cafe! No experience required, computers available, April 27, 9-10:30 AM, Chippewa Falls Senior Center...
hey everybody! sorry if u got some wierd tweets! my account was hacked!!! all fixed now!
diesel keeps roaming the house looking for Sophie. He'd be freakishly good at hide and seek :)
We always hear that women like making other women unhappy. Sad to see it in action.
were on skype(:
LMAO RT " I like the kissing part, not the killing part. You wouldn't kill me, right?"
Just realized that one reason my back has been bothering me recently is how much I'm sitting in the floor with kids.
Finally back home to my sweet skyscraper national park.
. never used his laptop during #lma12. Used his iPad the whole time. Including blogging.
2 for 50 for everyoone hit me up in the inbox tatt deals
A segment with Bridesmaids cast introduced as celebration of women becomes celebration of penis?! Pathetic. And telling.
RT - I think I figured out why the #Dolphins play so well on the road, compared to at home: everywhere else is not Mia...
Only 1/6th of our eyeball is exposed to the world.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
Rewriting my resume the way. Getting used to the format (1 pg?!?), but I think it's coming together nicely. Thx, Mark & Mike!
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it!
I know! Where is the sun? I thought this was spring?
is my hero
Ok He's my bf
MWP thinking I should have elbowed Westbrook now instead of Harden during the regular season.
I'd rather send a letter than a fax any day!
Nice, we'll see who's interested. Btw, we moved offices, which means more room for game night!
hi, you're awesome :)
Been running into that a lot since I moved back to the M. :-(
miss you!
Today’s Brentwood Specialss: Soups of the day are Butternut Squash and Cauliflower, Sugar Free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Watching the #mets on TV makes running on the treadmill much more tolerable.
this is dope
God, I don't even have the stomach to drink because of this game.
'The secret of joy in work is contained in one word - excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.' - Pearl S. Buck
on my chest? It's a Cancer Crab with a Crown on it.
EVERYONE!! Our show with No Bragging RIghts, It Prevails, We are Defiance, and Onward to Olympus is tomorrow, hit us up for some presales!!!
&quot;innovation and creation- it&#39;s all about metaphor&quot; -John Abele
Make yourself an honest man, and then you may be sure there is one less rascal in the world. ~Thomas Carlyle
'Sometimes before we make a record I go back and listen to a few. It's equally humbling and uplifting.' ~Michael Stipe
good morning
not a bad time to watch my first hockey game of the year. I'm w
Who the fuck invented the freaking wisdom tooth? Ugh!!!! Shit hurts!!!!
My horoscope was spot on today. Spooky.
who do you like in this series?
Jehovah's Witnesses at the door this a.m., my pug barking. They offered a pamphlet on "Religion and Politics."
Ms.Quintero says that by not properly funding FLES, it puts Loudoun County children at a disadvantage. Surrounding counties know better.
Poppin open a second bottle of wine and forgetting this day ever happened y'all
ok, just noticed this was 5 hours ago and not about my Monday craziness.
keep a close watch on HESG there has to be a reason this thing is trading out of no where
where'd u score the awesome ball? I'd u play with ur Schlitz ball and knock over PBR pins, ru bowling?
Power Pop at it's finest, The Shoes "Tongue Twister" I can be be in the worst mood put it on the turntable and be smiling in minutes.
#confession : i hate to admit the fact that i'm jelious of her -.-
I need some green tea--- who has some?!
I'm tickled pink about it, hilarious and oh so awesome.
Because its a fan page.
good to hear. I know it is painful.
Great move by #Dolphins acquiring David Garrard. Bright future in Miami. Will be a great mentor to Matt Barkley in 2013.
Happy birthday :) make it a good one lady!
. I'm a native! Born & raised! And should counts as a native, right? But I think we're outside the norm :)
(The all caps was accidental but funnier.)
yall teed it up yet?
All of the AMC Theaters in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area have sold out of 12:01 am Avengers tix. 😞
"The more time you spend trying to get back what's been took from you more's goin out the door." -- 'No Country for Old Men' by McCarthy
it seems the latest Wygwam updates doesn't allow you to center-align images.
I want a donut from fritz
eyes ache -__-
Log On : www.discountdw.com . Get 15% OFF using coupon code : 2000 on purchase of $2000 or more on doors , windows or hardware
I'm tired of chasing, I'll just let things flow.
Good one!
#umpiring in a bit!
What's your #dreamjob?
Today feels like Friday. Yesterday felt like silly puddy
you're right i have texting anxiety :/ haha
I n boxed u and told u to add me on oovoo n u neva did!
Can anyone recommend a good docking station (like an mp3 boombox) for the Ipod Touch 4? Looking for something in the medium price range.
Shout out to
Happy Birthday to Mark Zuckerberg! Talk about a kid who knows a thing or a billion about incorporating technology in to educational venues!
Out of cheer now I can finally go home
Many food and food-related products are invented by people who wanted the item for themselves. Any ideas?
Looks like #NBA had to sacrifice my #Blazers to keep the #Clippers bandwagon from totally going in the ditch.
bought a house today! Close on our homes on july 15. Summer job...packing then unpacking!
Smart lady. Though I had their Blue Catfish last night with saffron broth and root veggies. It was Excellent!
Thanks for all the work! Just let me know when its all done, the IT committee will use as test to promote paid version next year
Too many emails from stores? Migraine coming on? Research shows peppermint oil can be effective in reducing migraine symptoms.
": dude,ur boobs!! I love them, lmao" Lol thank you!!
PWA Surf World Cup Podersdorf : Gollito powers to victory in single elimination - BYM News (press release)
Chillen out, no school tomorrow :)
This very talented little kid is killing all the reggae dances with Elephant Man. Off the hook!
Good morning beautiful women!! Make sure you smile as much as possible today & trust ur day will be a blessed day no matter how your feeling
“: REAL conservatives support the "race to the bottom," duh.”
I just dropped the hot sauce down the stairs...
TPD talked him down.... more on 10connects.com
Well, good luck to DC, as long as they stay behind Sporting KC in the table. :D lol
Welcome to Indy.
": ladies..if a dude has jeans w/designs on the back pockets he has kids that he doesn't take care of"<=lmao but TRUUUUUUU
I've grown to look forward to our Sunday night hangouts.
on 2/19 heading to W. Palm Beach Bench and Bar meeting - stop by Upchurch Watson White and Max Mediation Group exhibit booth and say hi!!
You are making the GOP look like rednecks. I am not a redneck. Who cares abt Obama college records? Seriously? Get over it
TRAFFIC: Left Lane of SB I90 ramp to EB I94- Closed @ noon today thru Friday @ Noon
woah okay that tweet freaked out xD but you got what I meant haha
he made it to the Live round!
#BehindTheMusic bruno is still the sweet man he says he is. he still has respect for women- and dogs. ;)
“: i've been in and out of meetings and busy with mixing, recording, and my workouts... :)” dam living' life huh
same to you nicole-miss all of you!!! #GACFamily4Life!
Natalie Portman's presentation of the Best Actor award reminds me why I was pissed that she won the Oscar last year.
I'll follow you back!
Putting the final touches on the next 50 hand painted blocks as part of the Art o Mat project!
Sadly, I won't be at RT this year, but I'm sure you will all have a fabulous time!!
I hope MTV does a Where Are They Now? on the guy with calf implants
Memphis pulling off a major choke or Clippers a major comeback?
Say it loud and clear! RT : Your VOTE is your voice, SPEAK UP
Doors are opening and opportunities are arising. Walk through those doors with a smile on and make the best of those opportunities.
yea hahahah I went on my iPod tho oops good night!
When Mario told me they weren't making another Transformers I was in utter shock & cried for like a good 10 mins. but only thugs can care!
Gophers tip off shortly...looking to get back on track after dropping 4 straight. The good news? Ralph I took speed and HGH today.
Follow Back. #TeamAquarius :)
Your tour says uploading an iPhoto library is possible. Is the same true for an Aperture library?
Oh yeah baby, Cheers!!! Today is National Moscato Day! who wants a glass?
she didn't give me yours, but I got an A yeeeeee
Hah! RT : Desperation. RT : Britney's New Album to drop March 15. Any suggestions for the album title?
Yes. When they brought him in, I said, "Wait, this guy's pitched something like 5 innings this spring. He won't be fresh."
Also, Nile Rodgers is the most underrated/under-appreciated genius in the last 35 or so years in music.
can we analyze scripts from other genres or is it only monsters flicks?
I promise that's all the following we'll do ;)
Hey ! RT : We really don't want to square off against Ryan Gosling, that much is certain.
Happy to, LoveGrows Misha! And, likewise, thanks for following me back!
for some reason it said I wasn't following you? Haha wat ever but r u moving today or tomorrow?
I'm so happy I have my mother and grandmother to tell me if I'm wrong or not
Strivers achieve what dreamers believe.
Watching Super Size Me.
#10ThingsIHate Drake's Face
A big thank you to my Aunt Chickie for dropping off a bag of clothes for the giving room...did I tell you she is my assistant?
top or bottom?
Now playing - the bay (Erik Allan remix) thanks to Ray Milian and
is it friday yet?
neva gave his tooth thought til u put me on tht gucci freestyle nicki did >> lmao
I live Sarah so much. <3
he's not a bum. He's a P
Totally some roof deck weather, bro.
shanks babe 😉💃
Do you watch Dance Moms Miami?
Go Pats!!! I must say, thanks to Tim Tebow I am feeling lots of love and support for my guys today instead of the usual bashing/loathing/etc
Jaymie Polet and her mother and Meagan Toothman were injured in the stage collapse last night. Please keep them in your thoughts and prayers
Good morning fellas and ladies!
In ca till Monday that ok?
Please DM your email.
htf he was in the league last year
Working with my older cousin today ... yuhhh bitch.
Lol Ima See You At School Im Runnin Late :* :D
You're not home? Oh god. You're fucked.
that assumes that its the rats you are doing it for, large amounts of poison in a neighborhood hurts everybody
what is the LA times doing there?
is in control...
That awkward moment when everyone leaves you
Speed Iz Also Money 98MPH FastBall
Omg, i just bought the Hunger Games TICKETS FOR NEXT FRIDAY!!!!!!!!
Good stuff.
Ed's Chowder is best ever tasted RT : New to Ed's Chowderhouse (an advertiser)...Chowder 4 me.
What city is it? I wanna see it!
Fronteir barn meets tile shop
I never liked Steak 'n' Shake either.
doing everything you want in those six days
NERD...Noone Ever Really Dies lol
I'll need to think of a good name for it..
Maybe I do, but I'm telling myself I don't.
OK so who's going to dress up a sombrero as a Derby hat?
haha glad you escaped. luckily I'm only hear one day this week.
it is
<---- Got Some Fire Ass Bars In The Making
hey now.. Lol
Good morning everyone!! TGIF!!!
Instead of spending this gorgeous day outside, I'm stuck inside cleaning and studying. #canitbesummeralready?
smh, almost had a Altima but it was some miscommunication and it ended up being on hold. Somebody bought it today
“: Going to hi five and jack white tonight.” so jealous!
Doing anything fun this weekend?
Fuck Randy Travis
Free Coffee Samples
Calling Sarah Conner, iPhone just updated. It's now under the bed crying about my lack of attention & caring or some dribble.
#SkylarLaine singing tn on #AmericanIdol, showin' "em what little girls are made of!" Now we're pumped for Miranda in 3wks!
Big Mess!
Just remembering this Archie comic I read ~15 years ago where Betty serves as the proxy bride in a wedding. Seriously what was going on.
Awesome! Just go back thru my timeline, that's all there is...so we' should get along well, lol.
Ok, this texts on trial sketch is pretty funny.
perfectly still. Hadn't been many pitches up there. Strike 2 was bad, & when Lawrie walked toward 1st, well, anything close...
you're not describing what you're wearing... right?
In my cousinz housy watching a movie and eating chips with lil brother and sister!
oh geeze. Although, why he is also retweeting everyone's tweets that are trashing him? I'm confused.
The #Grizzlies turnover the ball a lot. Man up!
There's some great (and >140 char) discussion of this specifically in
Only here a few hours and already engaged in a deep and inspiring discussion about museums with Brittny Dayes from the SITE museum
Dukes Country Saloon in Kenosha tomorrow ! Jugs Hitching Post in West Bend Saturday !
I like to think everyone on Path just went to sleep like in Serenity.
it must be very hard i think people should seperate his personal life from his professional life
The ball may head down the middle, but it's coming out of left field...
hey nice meeting you and your friend we should have hung out y'all having fun at the RP resort
He said he'll be there by 7. RT ": WHERE IS MY STRIPPER"
I meant what flavor. Lol.
Ice cream round 2
working a 12 hour shift
#YoMommaSoFat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone.
So you'd rather receive one-time funding then be left to slowly deteriorate over the next 30 years? (insert sarcastic tone)
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 53 to 58. Areas of winds west 15...
Most Definitely!
we will be there soon!
The #fullmoon is so beautiful. Hopefully #NASA gets restarted so I have a chance to go there someday!
I want cinammon toast, not the cereal, real homemade cinnamon toast ..and a White Russian... I'm on it when I get home.
This is excellent! Thanks!
great. thanks! you'll enter into a lobby that is currently unattended. just ring the bell.
S/o to for the unfollow! 😉
would you still take Tebow > Rodgers in final 2 min.
how did run go?
hey i has good feelings about this year. so hyped for the start of the season!
Screen printing day.
There will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears.
Yeesh. Life sentence for not snitching. That's tough.
If I win the #lottery I am buying every Milwaukeean a beer. , of course.
Time to start working a new #script for Scriptapalooza! Early entry in January is only $40!
People who unfollow aren't true ICONiacs because shes just given out her opinion so don't hate cuz she giving out the truth
About to go kill Ocean and Collins with my last batch of mixtapes. Let's see whos out. Salted party later tonight.
damn nice body
Thanks for the ♥
- you suck! Collect your paycheck and lose us another game while you're at it.
its a quote in EasyRider. Its framed on the wall in a new orleans whore house.
i saw u on tv
Where can one buy really really long tweezers? Hardware store? Pharmacy?
right back at you!
All done here at saddleback. Quite a fun day. Shot a 101. which is great for me
I need more Danzig "4" in my life!
NOW THATS A SIGHT TO SEE
It will be a Hit!! #Turn To You !!
I'm sure they will.
4 finals down 2 to go, over half way done
Thanks for the support fam Follow back & Dm..let's talk.
Nipples getting hard for
I need someone to talk to :c I don't actually wanna do my homework lol
#sdmayornp 9800 homeless in san diego 9% increase. What's city's role? homeless issue "dirty lil secret"
good luck with ur interview kid, hope it went well... let me know how went, would love to hear the story
what up big marv?? What's the word
stop your war on monochromed temple hair
I can't wait to see him play tonight.
Same here, since I first saw her on #Community ": I have a non-creepy crush on "
A Lake City hair salon is using their talents to help fallen Officer Shneider's family catch at 5pm for the story
Humans R entrepreneurs not bcuz we shld start companies but bcuz will 2 create encoded in our DNA & creation= entrepreneurship -Startup of U
Wow. #Oscars only ran 9 mins over. They deserve an Oscar for that.
RT : Ask questions that help others see.
Afternoon presenters for #sjctie include: , , , and
At digitas for responsive design and prototyping talk
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan
Never trust an Evan Turner
Been in bed all day. Staying in one place is wonderfully horrible.
Get all your #NHL playoff news here WWW.USSportspages.com
First session at the gym was an hour of cardio. Hopefully get to go again tonight after work.
No, THANK YOU, for the "essay" and thanks for sharing your story about #JuniorSeau , may he Rest in Peace
Watching the boxing match with my girl!
Do your thing, bruh!
y so evil!
I am now telling the computer EXACTLY what he can do with a lifetime supply of chocolate.
The 28 runs scored in the #Braves 15-13 W over Philly last night were the most since 8/25 last year when #Yankees beat As 22-9.
US Senate just voted 91-3 to confirm Jacqueline Nguyen to be a 9th Circuit Judge; 1st ever Asian American female federal appellate judge!
Monkees Singer & Actor Davy Jones Dies on Wednesday after suffering a heart attack
Good Morning/Afternoon!
our fearless leader, Kat!
I can't sleep because I can't turn my brain off!!!! Wheres the power switch?!
Ooh so that's a reason I work so much and come home late. I thought I was just super busy.
Thanks! We are excited to share our new nail wraps with the twitter-sphere!
The 12th man thing is about making teams false start,Sorry but it shows when Hawks on road 98% of the time.they not very good.
Check out new movie, "Smitty" looks awesome and is available on iTunes!!
Chicago Bears sign ex-Algonquin kicker Dave Teggart
Confirmation Party
Are there going to alternate costumes for the DLC characters in #MortalKombat?
Happy Purim and lnternational Woman's Day!
**a man will subconsciously position his belly toward the woman in the room he is most attracted to- even if he's speaking to someone else.
My 11 yo son hypnotized me & suggested that I do excessive amounts of push-ups, pull-ups & running. I think I need another session.
I've been waiting forever for #DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER I love you Leland!<3
Wish i lived near the beach. i need to soak in some rays, and relax; Florida Style. love the MidWest, but sometimes the Rain just kills me
I guess child care services in grocery stores are not common in MKE... Must be an up north thing :)
oh yeah buddy :) , and anytime
We couldn't agree more! RT : Look up "Road to Hana" ... you basically drive around Maui and it is PERFECT.
Deffy haven't met but I respect it.
im so flattered to be working with you
Welcome to #ASCRS. See the all new, all-in-one Ocular Response Analyzer at booth 1211.
I placed myself in new positions, and exhausted my lungs and my invention in new clamours.
Dude you're such a twi-stalker
Just woke up ..last night was a success 😁👌👍
So close to the end #JMS481 SLP. Must. Keep. Going. 10 writing outlines to go...
The New York Times and Reuters Collaborate to Deliver 2012 Olympics News and Data to Publishers
Pool then wine tasting....sounds like a nice start to the day. Toasty hot in Sonoma today.
thanks for the retweet
Happy Birthday Shor
Happy County Convention Day!!!
That poutine's a real crowd-pleaser. The writers didn't stand a chance.
West Village bound for the evening.
So feisty today!!! I think Zach doth protest too much!
McDonald's' daily customer traffic (62M) is greater than the population of Great Britain .
keep up the great work!
Gobble gobble turkey shuffle saturday
It's not over in France. The US Supreme Court could still save Sarkozy.
Jurassic Park I is also about dinosaurs.
SO nice to meet you on Friday! Amazing hospitality! #JelloShots ;) lol
Thanks for the endorsement, means a lot coming from tourism folks! :)
I've always been staunchly against the principles of SOPA. Also: winning baseball, fan appreciation, and french-kissing.
omg i love your tweets
of course!
#Airborne or #Emergen-C? I've tried both and #Airborne is the only one that works for me. (Pageant Week Survival Tip.)
LOVE the pic of you an kroy
I really need a summer job!!!!
lmao why didn't you just go to the grant game
I haven't talked to you in forever :(
God love J.Lo for comforting Seacrest. No one else was.
glad you liked it! Heard you were a country fan! Thanks for tuning in! :)
a prayer in which he really takes out a piece of paper for his pocket? they couldn't put that on the teleprompter?
I'm #hungry. Can't focus on my synthesis with my tummy growling... :/ I also need sleep....
Day 2 of the raw food cleanse. Energy level high, somehow not starving. And this pineapple/kiwi juice is like sunshine in a bottle.
Anyone know who she's talking about?
yes, indeed!
suck it up bud. At least you are balling in Florida!
ok just let me know :) do u have alot of ppl doing it??
Alright, who ever replaced my pillow with a rock is going to experience a mob of branches within the next 19 hours
“A mother is the truest friend we have. Washington Irving
even though her mom died, angel still went on that stage and danced her heart out<3
U the 1
I may be on the Craft Police's Top 10 most wanted!
Nailed it! Tacos will have to wait!
wow! sounds way too good to be true - are you sure you didn't just string together 5 yummy words to make us all drool?
Yo LAME ASS
bad hair day, fuck Mondays ok
sweet! Yeah we can coordinate on getting the ticket to you
skylar got sent home, therefore I have no reason to watch american idol anymore.
now I no family can't hld water but that's OK cause wat goes around comes around I'm cuting family members off starting tonight
Thinking of a master plan
Laws cant hold me back...
as much? *groans* as MANY words....sheesh. snow has my brain foggy apparently.
I hate doing the laundry 😞👕👔👗
I have to sneeze
Much has changed, my previous honeycomb felt worse.
Dang why they have to kil Radio Raheem man...
“: My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state”~~~what are u doin not in there wit them?
Haywire is definitely one of the worst movies I've seen in awhile.. Not recommended.
Done and done-Best of luck!
Good seeing you, too! I almost didn't recognize you with the red hair! See you around the track.
OH MY GOD. I laughed so hard my coworkers were concerned for my safety.
noon. Ya?
best Grammy related tweet all night!
Awesome! We're excited to have it on TeeRaiders next month :D
You sir, have changed my mind. I am no longer a *gasp* and instead I am a *wait and see*. Well played.
Just heard Gen. Colin Powell at St. Christopher's School Leadership Symposium--what an inspiration!
David Rapoport attended the ABA Round Table on Legal Specialization in Tampa, Florida.
We love having you. RT Excellent dinner tonight, as always. It never disappoints.
Night night sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite!
I know! I wanted to so badly but I have to be at an event at 9am tomorrow. I'm coming to the show in Seattle!!!
On my way to a meeting. Windows down sunroof is open.
Great I can't wait to see what the WI hopped beer ends up being. Is this an IIPA ?
he must be butter cause he is on a roll right now!
It's not working for me. What's your username?
The US incarcerates about 750 people out of 10,000 - A much higher percentage than any other country. #justice2012”
#AskAlexConstancio PLEASE FALLOW ME??!!
love it when they do an announcement right as the train is pulling into QB Plaza.
I thought I was the only one that placed a product back where I found it, when I decided at checkout that I didn't want it.
Okay I don't wanna be dirty Dan anymore! I'm telling on you
What are the top 3 strategic business drivers for implementing an LMS?
If you don't like what the world has to offer
Smack My Bitch Up
wait until you have it streaming in your tv....your life will be over.
Vote for SDCHC! We need polling sites. We're 1 of 2 organizations in SD to win *ChaseCommunityGivingCampaign*
#PeopleNeedToStop trying to die while at work.
You can make a U Turn anywhere in Florida
To my Lakers-fan followers: I know this is brutal, I was expecting this. But we must go thru this to get a better team. Destroy to rebuild.
"her wounds came from the same source as her power" ~ Adrienne Rich #poetry (via the enchanting book "Wild" by )
and she a hater #:(
Thanks for the follow you gorgeous people, you! !
at this point i think i've heard every black joke in the book.
6th period..is the most boringest. If thats even a word.
Vote for Todd Huston for Indiana State Representative, HD 37. Todd is a great man, great friend and will be a top-notch legislator.
Great word: stumblebum.
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP ♥
Thumbs up to you!
Whoa! It's like blizzard rain out there!
If I could be a race car driver I would be truly happy. It is a dream I will always pursue and never let go.
A visionary is subject to blurred sight every once in a while.
I haven't even been awake that long and today already kinda sucks.
you should change your Twitter password, you've been hacked.
huge test tomorrow and i cant sleep
if your bored has sent you over 10 cds to check out.... Hopefully making a review
Halloweentown high..love it!!!
So true.
Paris glitterati holds breath over Ritz renovation
Here goes another long night at taco hell.
Go stupid go stupid lol
I can't deal...
Hey Greg, would love to have you visit our SiriusXM College Sports Nation studios if you have time while here in DC if possible
A goal without an action plan is a daydream.
Looking forward to Celebrate Recovery at Cornerstone Church in Boulder tonight - Marna M is doing her testimony and I am leading worship
yup yup
I'm no fan of CNN. I don't want a philosophical social issue distracting us from practical issues impacting the black community.
That ball was movin before the knee touched, Steve Wonder coulda made that call!!
thank you!
"If you can spell OLIGARCHY, thank a teacher
Full moon tonight.. you know what that means..
Do you sing? Share your talent on Good To Go.com
Henry Higgins voice: "She must be . . . a Targaryean!"
is #43 $1500 nl going to restart on time at 230 today? are table draws up online somewhere? thx in advance!
Fuckin Crosby is pretty damn good
Saturday at the office, reviewing due diligence. There's a Wong's Grocery & Deli 1mi from our project in Arkansas.
Frickin' cold in Brooklyn! SO glad I'll be in Cali this coming weekend.
Call us today for any questions or concerns you may have about your car care needs! (505) 881-8889
good article.
hope town hall was great + looking v much forward to office hours soon!!! #hff12 <3
“: Will Indiana make the NCAA if they finish .500 in league play? ” yes, comfortably. Beat UK and OSU
#kittenmittens is on THANK YOU LORD
We used to have the #magic8ball, now we have the internet.
Life's to short to even care at all
RT : The Royals may be selling naming rights to their stadium. Please give me money so that we can make "Syphilis Ball...
Sad and tired. bye twitter
yall #Follow the ladies of
Just picked up the app. Nice. Will it work on iPod Touch and/or iPad 2?
oh yeah it was great!
...cause I'm a stupid bitch
Oh good glad you found it..
Speaking for all Zimmermans: George, you've lost your surname privileges for ever! Good riddance! Hope the Riveras come to the same decision
Watched TI and Tiny last night through early this morning. i need to get his book asap!
There will be DWI checkpoints in the triangle this weekend and next. Just because they are unconstitutional doesn't mean its worth the risk
there you go! Keep it up! I have faith in ya!
Yes. And when she brought Milanos and tried to say she baked them?
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!
sorry marisa but its baseball season!!!
Seoul Foreign, Yongsan win soccer crowns
I EMAILED ABOUT THEM KEEPING , THEY TOLD ME 2 STAY OUT OF IT, NOW THEY SEND ME AN EMAIL SAYING TELL TRIBUNE 2 LET US BROADCAST
Taco tuesday!!!
Sometimes seems like the universe just waits 4 U to do thing you've been afraid of doing & then hands U the tools to finish the race.Amazing
Don't get hypnotized by the hype. LEARN, then INVEST! tiny.cc/one-dollar-test-drive
"you need to feel safe in order to be ok to fail"
RT : All you need is chapstick, a bottle of water and a get out of jail free card :)
are u in your danger zone or mine? Lol
Game 3, Yankees comeback, 0-1 to Rays (BOBBY!!!), 3-18 to Rangers, tonight stand out I think.
oh shit! Is that red-rageous flavor I see? That's almost as crazy as eating steak at waffle house! Or a salad at Krispy Kreme!
just one
Learned something new... Interesting.
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
From Justin (10:00am): All strong storms are just to the north around Oshkosh and Appleton. Travelers watch for flooded roads.
Lunch @ Mongo Grill saw someone have enough food to fill two bowls...i'm not sure how he stacked it but it was an art to see it
WOO!!!!!!!! THE DAILY SHOW AND COLBERT REPORT RETURN TODAY! LIFE HAS MEANING AGAIN! (also, check out www.google.com today)
Thanks again for the radio mention... David
Puerto Ricans can scrap doe swear..
O's complete sweep! and Davis with home runs! Let's go o's!
New Monthly Special! 20% off Age Old Organics, Roots Organics/Soul Synthetics and General Organics nutrients and dry amendments!
At South County EDC Board meeting in National City. SCEDC is a positive force for job growth & getting things done in south San Diego region
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have a good birthday XOXOOOOXOXOOOOOOOOOOO
Yes, join us! :) RT : Definite obsession developing with
are you in Nashville?? (:
All I want to do is watch movies in bed. But seeing as I have no means to do so, I guess Pandora will have to suffice.
#FCPX This is going to be interesting, tinyurl.com/3svq2rx
Very disappointed in #Snooki. Unmarried women who are millionaires before turning 30 having babies is ruining this country.
stop playing one direction... I'm starting to like them....
You don't go to a college or technical school to be trained or certified as a husband or a wife...
yeah I haven't watched so I'm kinda lost. I got into #OnceUponAtime way more
DAVE IS NOW
Am I taking you home today?
can't wait for the show!
try restarting your iPod
is having a sale. check it out..
Booyah! Be careful, at the rate those rose bushes are growing, soon they'll block the driveway.
Anne Parker is on course at J3 Junior Olympics DH race!
RT CONCH REPUBLIC: Happy 30th Anniv. 1982 Florida Keys "succeeded" b/c of a U.S. Border Patrol checkpoint on access road
A blessing to hear that the music touches your hear. It means a lot to me. Blessings
Vitamin D is actually a hormone that affects every organ in the body. Its deficiency can cause some serious issues Get at least 2,000 IU/day
are there anymore chances for tickets? I would love the once in a lifetime opportunity to go.
Kyocera are showing their MDS (managed data services) managed print framework on the Fujitsu stand H7 A28 at CeBIT.
S/O to for actually being a good ass friend! We need to chill soon bro! I still got your Bulter hoodie lol
Happy Saturday, Baltimore! Still don't have a present for that birthday this weekend? We're here to help & ready to wrap. #ComeGetYourToyOn!
Aww"..nice to meet a world leader who has bigger ears than me"-Obama on Mickey Mouse.Will Sarkozy visit euroDisney to find Jiminy Cricket?..
did everyone leave that late? Lol
I wanna go to the beach or a theme park so bad.
Looking forward 2 meeting u Aussies. Crazy & Nutter PERFECT
Getting my huirr done look # huirr
steps it up with Infinity and AR. Next level with new devices. Sweet! Geek girl testing sounds cute
Well I am sorry Em. Glad you could straighten me out. He did great.
Spotlight is a great movie about an awkward hermaphrodite too.
and where are mine?!
Thanks for the follow Margaret. WE RT'd one of your tweets. You've aggregated some really informative articles. Keep 'em coming!
Wow! New job?
Looking forward to your tweets. - Thanks for following
"What sci-fi thriller set attendance records during the Fourth of July weekend in 1996?" The answer was "Independence Day!"
6/10 11:25 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
Kanye such a good publicist
the free re-fills are a plus.
- out every night cuz im not single anymore n its nt all about just me anymore ya kno n u got me as well
I'm excited ETL is starting. It's great 2 listen 2 podcasts on the way into 2 work. A great inspiration! Thx 4 making available
#TwoThingsThatDontMix and Pardon the tonal shift guys, but that story was sad.
maybe next time instead of hitting her, just go punch a pillow of somethin. think twice next time
Senior night 2mrw...we have 7 good ones that we're saying goodbye to. Get to the gym early, 6pm tip vs Cornell.
Sitting in a fast food joint listening to a manager interview some hs kid. Its like he is interviewing for secret service job
Me too - still going thru my notes & biz cards from #EBWW, following on here, FB, etc. Terrific, life-changing experience.
So, no email required. LOTS of great things about
We had unforeseen bugs at launch (hidden data, missing photos, etc) so many users were understandably upset. Fixed now though! :)
Club cafe, be there for jams! 8pm
can u follow me? if yu did all my dreams would come true<3 i love yu<3 Im only watching the kids choice awards late2 see yu<3
#Apocalyptour tomorrow! :D
I like the way you think.
My girlfriend just showed up to my #DJ gig!
Finally sent a (hopefully) decent chapter draft to my adviser. That only took two years . . .
Today is a great day for our Union. Thank you to all who voted yes for Merger. Onward and Upward! In Solidarity.
#ThankGod for A+schools
That's just plain sad... :'( I will meditate... oom
Would you be interested in trying to do it every other week?
One more day of work before eleganza extravaganza with in
So annoyed with selfish people who think they can act however they want not thinking it effects their friendship.
#ThingsIwantTheMost is what every Directioner wants... One Direction ;)
Ignoring what mikey's saying >>>> i crack myself up!
Man. Cant finish SM3D Land bc I have to destroy a hornet's nest. If I pull a Culkin in My Girl make sure Kill Em All is played at my funeral
: the iPhone should really stop trying to "Louboutin"
In fact, it's preferred.
I don't know what happened... But there's a cannolli in the sink.
Prepping to administer final exam 1 of 3. This semester's finish line in sight!
Congrats to our April Camp grad Nazeer Reese for getting an opportunity to sell his Skate T-shirts at the RocCity Skate Park fundraiser 6/4
You forgot to add the Rangers fan base as well.
LOVING this extra hour of daylight!
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa - Friday Special. Call NOW
The Jonas Brothers Are BACK :')
LETS GO!
how about miami
They're calln me an alien a big headed astronaut!
Just had a Mexican tell me how fucked up Glendale is because of "All the fuckin Armenians".
when life hands you a lemon, say, hey, i like lemons, what else ya got? - Roxxanne Lynnette Redbird
Assoc of N. American Art Conservation Programs conference this weekend
Its working!! :)
Oh my. I am so high.
Hacienda Egg Sandwich
are you at parkway?
The mess made in our pants after that Broncos game!
your manifesto is one of my favorite things you have ever wrote. Thanks!
GN BA BYE:(
hey baby .
she's calling Disney channel out because she doesn't want the cycle to continue, therefore your argument is invalid in every way.
Watching Tosh.o
Well, is pretty darn kind...so, I can't imagine that she'll be judgy! She saw ME crochet & was sweet as pie!
Can't believe Cards put the "Rally Squirrel" on their ring. So stupid, tarnishes the ring, and was a story for 2 seconds.
I got #trustissues !
You inspire me. #doveinspired Ms. Sweet and smart and sassy!
I now have $70 saved for when Greyson tours the US!
How was your week? Thank you much for your follows:
“: Butterflies.... (:”If MJ was alive he would RT this
Packing up to shoot Legendary Easy Mo Bee in Greenpoint.
I always make shit worst for myself smh
shit, everybody at they crib. wbu?
shit 4real got a good cadrio work out in earlier. Now im drinking black henn and writing down my lyrics.
Join us tomorrow night and try some of our brews at from 5pm-7pm for the kick-off of our expansion into the Buffalo area!
Fuck you Joey Crawford! Hope you die of a heart attack tonight
I'm so ready for some football...just had my annual preseason talk with my dad..damn bears fan
show starts at 10.
Bonez n loanz on deck DIS fri #BDE “: ya dog aint ya dog when u get a bone and he dont get a loan!!!”
Make sure to give us a call if you are having a Fall Festival next month. We are booking up fast!
"you didn't wax your slides?" Yes Bitch.
which date are you going to lol????
The only thing getting me through the day is that its Friday #Weekend>>>
It will be Derby time but this time I will come out one morning....Shane has a live Redoute's 2yo...close 2nd in Sydney 2day
"Be careful when you're driving so you don't fall asleep at the wheel" - sage advice from my Mom every single time we talk on the phone
[X] Never Naughty [X] Always Nice [X] Made This List
Missing you never gets easy. Enjoy your day Vin<3
Still at Maloney's?
thx for makin me admin :)
Twitter glitch, has happened w others I follow. Game on! Ask away! And ; - )
Oh how I wish it really was!
Thanks for the follow, cool site! I especially like the photo from Elizabeth James
“: now thats good foodwhat are your dates for east coast” check out our site for full tour schedule!!:)
Going to be a fun night!!!
Tatevossian - Mobile phones allow 4 citizen engagement globally & closes the digital divide as digital literacy increases.
oh lol IPad are freaking amazing!!
Getting ready to run #Crazylegs with Dan and Emily before we unite & rally against the #WaronWomen!
Enjoyed DNC HQ Housewarming last night. #DNC Committee is working hard to produce the best convention ever & highlight
really? I got March Break
Woo RT : #Lakers win Ok I want #Spurs 2 face #Clippers cuz I wanna see #TonyParker &amp; #ChrisPaul go toe to toe.
YEAH, got my hair done :)
I wish I could attend the Upfronts this week in NY! But believe u me, I will be there 1 day. 1 day!! ::raises & shakes fist in the air::
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS - In the West, The Sports Freak says SAS over MEM in 6, LAL over NOR in 5, PORT over DAL in 7, and OKC over DEN in 6
friends friend look like Shane'ne ...,lmao!!
of course<3
Need a refresher beverage? Try sliced lemons, limes, cucumber or fresh mint in a cold bottle of water. Great way to avoid sugar calories!
Emma Stone <3 killing it.
why not ?
Thanks for your RT. Hope my blog post was helpful :) Let me know if you try it.
make it nasty saw a thick bitch walk past me i said whats hannin damn you strapped gee can i have yo number and hit you after school b lol
who knew being a babbling Brooks was so lucrative. No one pays any attention to anything he writes
Ooh, we're staying at the Mirage, so that's an easy one!
I can't wait to land in Times Square!.. We will be shooting some rad and hard scenes at the Empire State building. Action needs hardworking!
hey now, none of our managers are douches! Lol. What is going with you?
"i dont need to run anywhere" "ill burn your shit"
Thanks so much for the Tweet!
Cool, but why can't I find you on G+?
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: bedtime to be pushed back a half an hour and I will eat my vegetables, Jay Leno's teeth, a nightgown
Thank you for the follow, much appreciated. May I make one suggestions regarding your website, which will pay huge dividends?
RT Walking is heart #healthy! RT Follow enter our #StepIntoSpring giveaway! You could win a pair of #NikeID sneakers
effff I'm hungry
Congrats to (BC'98) on Cougartown being picked up by TBS. Grassroots marketing at its best. Lessons could be applied to BC sports.
Tuesday night. The Deli. Norman. See you there!
Where's the feed that contains mic'd up caddies/golfers? Would have been incredible on championship Sunday!
do u wat
Skip is sucking Jordan's dick now!
Agency supporting disabled individuals now hiring employees w/high moral & work ethics. Tweet me here if interested or check out iCare FHS.
Who winning tha game?
Ready to leave #Lakesidemall pronto! Long weekend makes shoppers go #crizazy!
J lo looks absolutely stunning on
that is interesting! curious--does the mental hum come only from within you or stimulated by your environment?
How bout yoou ?
Ha! Well I might be buff enuf4the womens division, but nobody wud ever want to c that lolol.
This traffic is way too ridiculous I hate this school
Saw orange cordureggings that would be perfect for a more sophisticated look.
Gearing up for #ASA2011 - looking forward to seeing you all in Las Vegas! We'll be at Booth 306 in the book exhibit.
what is the IPA challenge?
No H8 :) We Love ya
Low key i hit the club just to see how many people know me im soo concieded - Bros
either the street light just flickered hard. or i just seen lightening threw da window
i'm reading it right now, it's great! Though I'm still not sure if it's as great as Pyongyang.. :-)
You basically said " Obviously they you only live one" that makes no sense... RT Obviously they yolo.
thanks for spreading the word! You rock.
Building the Fan page! Exciting times!! More info to come soon..
it says Shoutout unfortunately you can only read it on the computer.... Not so well on the phone lol :)
The rain is just making it a more festive St. Patty's!
this effort by the lakers is absolutely appalling.
Despite the current political narrative, we were able to distribute 10,000 "How to Caucus for Kids" kits across
Need to take a step back & get back to my roots. Think I will be hitting the #GreenMill this weekend..love this place! bit.ly/JvJjH
you are cuz your the best
See you there! RT“: I just listened to 's soundtrack for 2012 #MustGoToDayton”
King King ain't got shit on me
A new BLESSED week...let's see what God will create in my life in the next 7 days!
We love Omar Daniel! Great composer and a super nice guy. Yesterday's concert was excellent. Viva Canada!
celebrating the last show of the year...thks to everyone for our best year yet. We'll c u all next year God bless
Just stopped at the ivory room, if your still in town!
shut up I missed u and guess what I have a bball game o_o
“: Sleeping with all your stuffed animals as a kid so none of them get offended.”
CAN'T WAIT for the quotes haha
I HATE MY PHONE.
it probably would be exactly the same as Huntingdon
