studio, desk, codys desk, by the upstairs coke machine, underneath something on Anne's desk, bathroom, fridge, prize closet...?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🎐
Surfing? Seriously? That could be good!
Now hiring! Tailor or Seamstress. Call 330-835-3000
I know - I can't wait to see it all unfold. I feel fortunate to be at the forefront of the movement!
Stoked for tonight!!!! Someone call 911 in advance
My wife saw a bad accident on the fwy today. She's fine. She drives daily. I pray for her safety daily.
where is that right now?????
You could feel the pain .
You still have time to tune in to Fox 26 Houston Morning News - they changed my time to 9am. Then come on out to the Mucky Duck tonight!
ready for summertime.
You should check out Wolfram's A New Kind of Science as well.
When do you open or are you already open? Thanks!
Thanks I worked real hard for that win. Feels good. RT nice win last night dude. happy that Tebow is OUT. haha.
Shakeology Success Story - Elizabeth S. lost 136 LBS and went from a Size 20 to Size 8! "My doctors and I are all in agreement that the...
Windy day in Washington 2day. Actually blew some snow around this morning. Mostly blue skies and sunshine, though.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT
Officially becoming a playwright today.
Obviously there r exceptions, but based on informal #survey it SEEMS like our favourite fruit is one that's in season the month we're born.
": The more stress, tension, expectations, pressure a #Taurus deals with the stronger they get."
they have a bunch of reviews on different products with different skin types. So I found the perfect cleanser, toner, moist...
are we going to get dms?
" I'd help you but I have a jacket on.."
Thanks for backing our film! And the shout out. Much appreciated!!
Celebrating a successful #twitterbinge at Miller Park w/ , maybe some Let's go Crew!
Oh you meant today. I can head over and hang for a bit.
Relaxing enjoying my life by the minute
also, I got the new cosmo today :)...
Stop snitching
Just needed to show ID to buy Robitussin. Apparently 'teen cough medicine abuse' is a thing now.
Thanks Dr. V!
Not sure why I have 2 go 2 a 2 hr formatting mtg. If I can't format a bus plan ppr by now I shouldn't have the option of graduating
I replied to a tweet I was in? Like I said Idk you, I wouldn't have mentioned you. Lol
Old crow medicine show
Congratulations & Blessings!!!
: #youlookedgood until I found out you were a Hufflepuff...
Wish I could but am in pleasanton, ca for board meeting. Get back tomorrow night.
I want to look life in the eye. - David (Psalms)
room darkening shades are really dangerous
I wish someone was afraid of loosing me for once
I take back my apology you snobby little mean person!
Don't feel like moving today .
well i guess i made a new friend or do i not hav rights to say that lol
. believes separating 100,000 soldiers, sailors, Marines, & airmen from service is a "balanced approach" to reducing the deficit
Any South Asian followers (India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan, Maldives, or Sri Lanka) PLEASE @ or DM Important. Pls RT
will be out 'n' about 2nite! :-)
See you soon Molly! RT : Getting ready for my shoot with ! Story to come...
Pls Join us this Thurs at 2pm in the University Playhouse for MNL Learning Center Groundbreaking Ceremony. Celebrate MNL's transformation!
Walking around the effing park and now my back is itching
Up since 5:30. Huge day.
Thought for the day: A year from now, you will have wished you started today.
You *do* get one phone call, right?
Collaborative study groups are the biggest predictor of college success
its been forever!
Selling some cool vintage clothes on ebay.. This is time consuming..there has to be a faster way I think its goodwill
coming to Portland State Theater in May? Yup, I'll be there
Thanks for the add. performed recently. Delightful fellows. Several of our cast go there too.
Linguist and lexical friends: Can you think of two-word adj.-noun compounds typically shortened to just the nominalized adj.?
my niggah you know i'm a hippie at heart
Margarita Monday!! Come enjoy a fresh margarita today after work. Happy Hour 3pm-7pm.
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world?
Good Morning everyone! Sun is shining here and I hope where you are too! Have a great day!
Big and bossy..
whoa kaylee is ur cousin? Small world. Super nice kid.
PORTER SQUARE:What's that?! A brand new never beforeseen flavor! That's right folks, try our second new flavor this week, Blueberry Cobbler!
FOLLOW ;D
enjoyin my pasta lunch
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards. -SK
Where should we go on our honeymoon...
Thank you very much for the RT
Yeah, i like Gumball.c:
Remember wonder ball, the candy?
Thanks for including me! I love the Tech Titans article.
Hiya!!! Albert wake you up???
Lady in front of me is hot about the weight issue...if she hadn't been up out of her seat wen we baked away we might hav mde rnwy B4 it clsd
TODAY 11-2 Truck Lunch Gathering
Yes and they are wonderful. I am a big fan! RT : All of Babette's amazing clothes are made in a California factory.
YUP TOTALLY!! ~Always Will be Zendella Lover~
#scms12 "spam is another way to say i love you"
Was great meeting you too next time I hope we'll have some more time to talk, I kept running off, so first drink's on me.
I didn't know it was outside Boston last year -would be great for PGP volunteers to move the mtg around!
L.A./ O.C. residents, tune in to KTLA's morning show for a morning segment with Fender at NAMM!
#imagen prince: its to tight! tori: stop it hurts it wont fit! keisha:WDF ARE YOU DOING? prince:helping tori try on a shoe!
The ability of writers 2 imagine what is not the self, 2 familiarize the strange & mystify the familiar is the test of their power - Toni M.
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle you only have to keep 1 phone
i only been doin this for a week or so and i almost got as many followers as you
Haven't picked yet, but looking at The In Laws, Scarface, King of New York, or The Third Person by our friend Max Juren
Nice!RT : rockin' the awards ceremony
Climbing on St Pattys Day for the #fightforairclimb Please help me reach my fundraising goal! Every dollar helps the cause.
good luck in the nationwide season i will be watching you go get em
I dont know why i love you, i just know i cant stop thinkin of you. Oh wait! Its cuz you make me smile, you always make me smile :)
Whether its a flyer, insert, poster or sticker.... Don't forget to include some form of contact information.
what's up with your fine ass!? Beautiful titties!
Ill grow up when you grow your hair
mistakes happen...seriously #Mubarak ?!
Nikkole didn't come to school. *sigh*
Hey , my answer is Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window. Steve Wozniak
House of 950 is producing a button-up shirt from Alphonse Van Woerkom's charcoal portrait of Kiki.
awe. that was so sweet! i love you austin! please follow me!
Museums can contribute to educational success by fostering citizenship
Lupe & Lucia are on the way to see Luis. Keep that to yourself until he gets there!!
I think most of the fans still in the stands would find that "positive" an overwhelming negative at this point...
THANKS! I am really happy with how it turned out!
Hope you're enjoying your trip to the
THanks for the follow, Julie.
I am the type to stand by the people I love no matter what
Where u at cuz
Do you just want to ride wiff me after school tomorrow?
Although a cactus is good, I really think you need a pink flamingo! That is the real deal!
I haven't seen you since that time I hoped I'd never see you again.
Baby girl my stroke game official!
#thingsthatpissmeoff is trending because people choose to complain instead of pay attention to things they like. Why?
CENSORED NEWS: Leonard Benally to UN Rapporteur: Corporate ...
I hate kids who are full of themselves. Especially when they suck at what they're so full of themselves about.
RT On the way to St. Louis for our second spring season game tomorrow at 2pm vs. SLU. Pitstop at the Concordia Travel Center
The Lord is my shelter and my strength! 😄
relax lisa salters lol j/k
" Let's say we were to have a weekly show on moombah+ radio, what night would you want US to play?” Yes. Trick question? lol
Sure thing! I was stuck in the train directly behind, so you let me know what was going on.
Higgs Boson trail: "The Fermilab physicists have found a broad hump in their data.., between 115 billion and 135 billion electron volts."
Oh, yes, we have no bananas...
good. I'll come back but nothings happening. I'm not in the mood
"I Want You Back." RT if you thought of Cher Lloyd's song.
Bribery or blackmail.
yay! So happy you're coming to Portland!
I'm officially bored . . . What to do?
Telling someone the truth is a TRUE act of Love
The cute! My son loves Corgis.
come back!
and Cam Gigandet in Never Back Down= the hottest thing ever and my emotions= adjkskhsf ;)
American model: charge taxpayers for waste. European model: charge manufacturers for waste. #Garbology by via
me too. I fell asleep in 3 of my classes!
I challenge you to go outside, find the moon, and tell me last nights was a "super moon"! It looks amazing right now!
This gun for hire.
our videos come out this winter. stay tuned.
sometimes just need to take a day off to drink. OK?!
"I don't like sex, period, but I..."
follow me please and I'm always cheesy
I guess his license to ill was revoked? #toosoon? Seriously, I love the beastie boys and I will always fight for my right to party. RIP
thanks for spreading the good word of systems thinking!
We're tabling the anarchist bookfair in NYC, doors just opened!
Who eats this stuff? Wait, I don't want to know.
"The system breaks when I go into the database and manually corrupt the data!!!" ... "Really? who would have thought?"
We're having the best Autumn here in Seattle. Mild weather, lots of sun & lovely leaves turning. But I keep forgetting my camera
I hear that!!! I have to sleep early... Vet in AM
Um what bitch :o
anxiously waiting for my baby to rock the
Happy Kamehameha Day! RT : On Kamehameha Day, we are happy to share a clip from ONE VOICE of the Song Contest & song directors
Great! And good luck on getting through the proposal phase :)
Can irishmen wearing kilts enter the women's room when it's got the just the icon?
Watching Scare Tactics waiting on 12 little girls to fall asleep.
I got Raps on deck get at me if you want me to spit a verse for your project.
You go off a cliff when your age goes to the double digits.
Thanks Michael - I look forward to our next conversation!
Watching regular show. I say way too many things out loud watching this show. I also laugh like a retard.
Im starting to wonder if the software is getting too powerful 4 it to handle. Happens to all iphone models after 1.5 yrs or so.
I don't care about 's return! All I care about are the returns of The Undertaker, and !
thanks airtalk and and how cool to meet Larry Mantle (and all the composers, too)! Was a great show.
That sounds so so good. I eat peanut butter by the spoonful as well. So addictive. :)
Q: What do u call a bunny with a bent dick? A: FUCKS FUNNY
Lmao RT I like Clark Francis as a guy, but to rank Amile Jefferson in front of Nerlens Noel. Wow.
Amen to that. And "A third sisterhood of traveling panters..."?? Seriously.... all-around fail, NYT...
Mark Henry just got inducted into the #HallOfPain by BIG SHOW.......YEP!
I love big rooms with loud air conditioners.
Finally got my computer back so I can deactivate this fucking twitter account...
Oh my gosh, that is SO CLOSE. I'm sure you are busy with packing and such but you're welcome to stop by tomorrow after you are done
whaaaaa harvard is after you??? Get it girl!
My brother made it home. Wouldn't have been so worried with fewer Bart cops around. Easy to misunderstand autism.
Why?:o RT : why can't a hand be 12 inches?
stop inside the shop and get some ink by josh petty, jerome or junior!!!
Looks Good!
Good point!
Out to eat with parents then getting nails done. :)
no hard feelings ;) just frustrated in the moment.
#MahomiesLoveAustinBecause austin loves his mahomies =) p.s. he loves his haters to follow plz
LOL THANKS! You will meet him when we shoot.
Right On My G, Just Finished It Up..Summer Move
Harahan backup-generator project faces delays
me too, I study new media, marketing & psychology and I'm motivated in bringing AR/mobile technology to JB.
I went to your show on the 8th, I don't know if you remember me but you were absolutely amazing. You are my favorite. :D <3
Yeah, that's right, c'mon throat, swell and hurt some more! You too headache, keep shaking my brain. Thanks , your the best!
thunder thunder in NYC!
Oh good! I was trying to remember the name, but I couldn't and I couldn't remember if I am following!
Probably add online and televised midseason practices after this week.
very good work Pops!
Thank you.
i love it ": That bitch avi is GROSS"
Oh lawd. Somebody kill me now!!
Dad: Hey guys dont eat yet...we're going to say grace. Me: ok...let me eat the food first.. :P
#Love Conquers all things. It is what changes a persons heart for the better!
will do! you r doing it so thorough and so large, man. know ur appreciated in these parts. Ears and eyes on u!
You bet, I love your tidbits of wisdom! :)
EXCELLENT NEWS! Looking forward to seeing the results!
"the kiss, in spite of everything, is not speech"
Tweet us a picture of your most fashionable outfit -- we want to see it!
Pfizer says on lookout for mid-size drug deals
We have a thinking heart,
GRAPE 4 LIFE RT : Vitamin Water is KoolAid for white people.
Im here!
Too funny! You look like a crack addict on the left and it looks like you morphed with me on the right...
How's your life?
The most dangerous man is he who listens, thinks and says nothing.
how does this #drawsomething game end? When one of us gets it wrong?
summer artists are playing an ice breaker game at today's marketing workshop. What was your first #concert ?
thank you girl! And I will :) Hope I see you tonight!
great game matrix only my second and I'm hooked! Thanks so much go mavs!
I need to start having brainstorming sessions!
Just in case anyone is checking I was the only person going thru transfer and security in hong kong. Very unnerving
“: Little known fact: if 49ers lose this game, SV will take down NY startup valuations with them.”
Thanks for the RTs earlier this week!
Have a fun drive. Can't wait for my fix!
bout to go ape shit on his as
did u get a pic with her??
especially if Kobe stays cold. Heated up a bit at the end of the OKC game but overall hasn't shot well since return
Glad you hear me. Kinda like..., he who findeth a wife findeth a good thing. So says the Bible...! :)
Aw you don't know how happy that makes me!! Your voice sounds more beautifuler! <3
Thanks bro! RT : yooooooo!! Happy birthday bro!
Sometimes it's hard staying positive when things are going wrong.
Happy girl :)
what are u still awake for?
download the mixtape!
I have to break this lazy cycle I'm in!
at least you're not on the floor in front of the men's bathroom sucking down Dunkin Donuts waiting for your phone to charge??
"I'M DONE"
Aww i wanna play with Stoni!!!!
Omg I had coffee at this hour on Sunday & was wide awake til 5am!!! You're a nut!
Lord, you can say that again. Power through the BS to get to the gold. By the way have you finished #Mockingjay yet??
that's no good :( I'd be sad too!
This sounds great. I'm in.
winning 3 posters for the library + my third graders bringing me chocolate = a good friday.
Done. Follow back
Wahoo.....knock some balls round girl!!! ;)
I'm happy with the bottom two... Although Joshua should be there
I wish I was on a boat right now
your still barely taller than that bike
The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable. – Paul Tillich
thank goodness, have plans?
Yep and they should replace more than one bad gift this year with donations to both of our organizations!
Test was hard
Hanging at Cardinals/Marlins spring training. #sportsbiz weekend continues.
I don't like it when my friends are feeling down 😔
losing two wonderful girls in less than a week is tragic. you two will never be forgotten. rest in peace Xiomara Munoz and Kyra Quinn <3
Do You Really Want Me To Be Descriptive About That?(X
Dad just brought my flight ticket 4 summer
It's wierd being a girlfriend again! But I like it!
When choosing a social media platform to use, find out where your audience is first. It can vary for every buisiness.
Yeah, count us in! RT : What's your ideal PDX day? How about lunch , dinner + dessert ?
Good mawning! I pray your day is filled with peace & love. To those just going to bed. Sweet dreams. I pray they manifest when you wake. xo
You around the offices? Had questions about your new space again.
is on the way to Belltown Pizza before Fest starts Day 1 of 4 at The Crocodile.
I hate time zones -.-
Not a lesbian.. but she a freak tho
they won't get swept...but they won't see the next round either tho lmao
So Lemmie tell y'all about the mother's day flowers I got today...
every time i turn around someone new has their fucking hand out.
Nothing like seeing the faces of PPL who get stuck in the train car with the mad deathly smell of a bum...
Awesome, enjoy! RT “: I just got my car2go card in the mail. Tomorrow I don't care where I go but I'm going somewhere in car2go”
Can someone give me more followers? I can't follow more peoples before my Followers reach 2000.. :( Please!
Have you read The Professor and the Madman?
I Love Twitter
Hope everyone is doing great today. Reminder follow from now on, starting next week all other accounts will be shut down.
RT : I will release the fury in Austin < Careful what you wish for!
Earth now has a Jobs opening for torch-bearer to pick up the mantle of empowerment with simplification, & channel it in the right direction
productive! On the other hand you do see I keep busy throughout the day with work when yer usually gone!
bring it!
I hate the #Braves -_-
Bike to work weather. Tires flat.
YES! Books are the best! I've read over 150 of them and own almost 300!
#zombieapocalypse2012 began early!
Office Chairs Have become Available in Various Styles to Go With ...
Who loves, Call Me Maybe?
my 1989 case study has handwritten exhibits!
“: Tequila, Tapas, cloud security, tokens at 20 paces. 2751 at #rsac to find out where. Ok, no cloud security talk after 9:01.”
Quit complaining will ya'?:)
Correction: Waste Management offers free TV/computer recycling @ 13 Peggy Parkway, Reeves St. Dunmore. WEEKDAYS 8am-4 pm, Sat: 7-9 am.
lol my questions
ROH on one window, EVOLVE on the other window. Got to love wrestling.
Happy Mothers Day <3
I missed it !
I hoopin in some Kd's next year
I've tried tons o kinds of beer. My favorite is prolly guiness extra stout. The corona and lime is pretty good too
If u don't smoke I don't know why
RT "There's a reason people know more about TED talks than about academic papers"
ugh same
Any direct messages coming from my account appear to be a virus. Do not click the link. It's not from me.
PLEASE follow both accts by me & & supported by &
To reach 1 Million user, it took AIM 9 Years. For Facebook to reach 1 Million users, 9 Months. The App Draw Something...9 DAYS.
I'm developing a strange infatuation with the city of Portland. As in, I just purchased a Portland Timbers jersey strange.
follow my new account
thanks! Do you think the logo should be a bit more 3D/rounded?
hey beautiful :) I hope you have a flipping awesome day today!!!! 😜😁🌹
2 power outlets + internet access = airport nirvana
Aww! Heeeeeeyyy! Happy birthday jazz & the man!
RT : I have so much to do tonight...but i am still siting on my couch whist on tumblr and twitter
lifetime makes me happy
I wanna go watch The Dictatorship.....looks 2 funny...Borat dude is hilarious
Your tears are adding to the flood. Just give me a sign.
i will
i still turn to you
Studying in the School of Music building is my favorite :)
In my maiden speech, I advocated bringing down the voting age of women to twenty-one.
Waiting for Network Team training to begin- A Blueprint for Change
Solid day today of work and the Celtics moving on!
aw thx for the update!
Looking forward to call in a few minutes! Proof of life: You've unclogged MY in box. Thx!
Everything is so commercial now
Forget Let's just move to Minnesota. We'll defeat Mike with our stress-free, hockey-filled lives.
really? thank you! i thought i was slacking honestly lol
bad kaleigh. Tweeting during class.
Kerry Kearney recording with Woodfish. Kerry has shared the stage with The Allman Brothers, Leon Russell, & Mountain www.kerrykearney.com
Also with the prank call ideas, I don't have one but make sure you are new and creative with it. Don't do the norm stupid
Wondering, should I start back working next week.
Slow to the draw this morning. Thanks House of Prime Rib.
hit me up if you chillin in knoxvegas bruhh
never a problem. Just means I have to come out to Bmor.....
Guys! I'm so sorry for the interruption in tweeting the Rampage game for y'all. My laptop died and couldn't find charger. Sry :o
omg that song was amazing(:
For all of my Civil Union friends in NC.... i'm certain there are surrounding states that would LOVE to have your taxes dollars.
Paul Martin scored tonight. I went to high school with him. ha.
Mhhm im sorry but i love my mom more, shes the reason i met you, ( she gave birth to me ) BUT MAN I LOVE YOU JUST AS MUCH!!!
thank you..hopefully you'll dig the new tunes in just a few short weeks :)
Guess whose comming to pride Atlanta weekend
ha ha ha no worries Bro. I got thick eyebrows. I could use a good wax or threading.
Matusz strikes out Rodriguez and Wieters guns Jeter trying to steal to third #Yankees #Orioles. Matusz needed that bad to get out of third.
In the legal field where your problem needs to match up with someone who is licensed to deal w/ the problem. cc:
Inviting many San Diego friends to follow tonight. Just started focusing on my Twitter account, so I only have a few updates. But I'm real.
oh this is fun. If I don't show up to brunch its because I'm in bed making bad iPhone drawings.
Discussed the role of community partnerships with Randy Diamond, Promega, Annette Miller, MG&E, Jim Wood, Wood Comm, & others this morning.
I thought you were already following. Nice to have another #Southernhistory peep.
cuz when your 15 somebody tells you they love you, your gonna believe them
follow me on tumblr
thanks for all the RT's
uh excellent radio station 104.7 is there...even better dj named skywalker on at 2..just sayin
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL
He was due!
An iPad. I has it
im taller
#nowplaying Sunshine - Keane / just one of those days :)
welcome to the twatters club
nothing to report now. watching parade on jumbotron.
eek! spell check :)
Remember when everybody drools over LeBron all year as he wins the #MVP. Then he never shows up in the playoffs
Shower time🛀
I know! I'm excited!!!
Okay Cowboy Fans, this is it! Do amy others want to get on the band wagon?
hey. Blueberries.
Do you prefer to run on a treadmill, sidewalks, paved trails, or dirt/gravel trails?
Thanks to Ya'all for the add. Maybe C U @ Thurs. 8/18 for weekly Vallejo Music Group Ladies Nite! 9-1/ $3 Miss Z -Tinis...XONZ
Kik is acting up :/ blah....
a fickle heart & a bitterness and a heaviness in my head .
Nice day out! Barton Springs at 4?
NEVER look up anything health related on the interwebz - it always tells you you might be dying... Hope everything is ok!!!
I love music. Let It Be!
By the way paintball fun in lanesville is great place to go
Strangely no matter where I am in the world LA finds me and pushes it's way into my life.
id rather not O__________o ....god nicole stop flirting with me bahah
aye y dont u answer my texts
Can't a man brush his teeth at work without getting grief? Didn't realize it was so tabu in the men's room, haha!
bout to go see planet of the apes.
Jeremy Lin's App provides users with great turnover recipes. Apple, peach, basketball...
LOL said she a "Rich Black Girl" on
yeah u don't like?
About to study & invade everybody timeline studying for business law is BORING af.
thank you Twitter for the bootstrap lib
If your wife is asking for a pajamagram 'hoodie footie' for Christmas it's a good sign she's just given up.
Imo is a better Center than but Pau is a better big man and player overall.
Hard at work....The Grind don't stop....
thank you for coming and the tweet. Cheers
see u bright and early tomro! #timetobitch ;D
Woohooo BREWCREW!!! World series here we come!!!!
don't sweat it bro we all have those days just build off your mistakes
RT : Headed to Kansas City then O-Town bound for Nationals
Q4. What's your personal silo breaking strategy?
#Bartab will be at tonight!! Come have a great night with friends and $1 #drinks!
Just booked my Coachella flight for April.
why am I just seeing this!!
long day,
Clay Matthews is leading the league in sweaty ass
u are one strange kid. I am talking something up your alley and 6 figures. But stay in your ways and at the bottom, my dude.
Accomplishing your goals is not always going to be easy.
"Consolidation and Virtualization Made Easy"? "Consolidation and Virtualization Done Right"?
Watching A Bugs Life!!!!
i think you are so beautiful and funny and im a huge fan of you husband.
Free Comic Book Day 2012: We're gonna make your head explode. Get excited
Lol as long as there are no more Drupal questions ;) Just shoot me an email.
What motivates you? What skills are required to be a lifelong learner?
unfortunately we won't be at that show but thanks for checking us out, glad you liked it :)
red laces in and out of them air max 95's
Quincy stop of the LOOP coming soon! I'm almost done with the post!
When will you be coming to town (Cincinnati, Ohio) #cincinnati #cincinnatistpatricksparade,
Shooting stars all around her, fire, comets.
Hey, that's Baltimore's finest/only export!
Santa Fe, and spa day really go well together.
is it ture that you and braun are opening a restaurant
Can we get R.I.P Fergie's Career trending instead?
I have the best pickup line for later . (;
That hashtag is new to me :)
The fact that I've spent the 1st hour of work sending a package... Lol
It still amazes me when someone sees, hears, or reads a story that depresses them -- and their reaction is to feel cheated and lied to.
Looking forward to seeing you guys this summer and of course, seeing a show on the 2031 tour, just to balance everything out
To be a leader, you have to make people want to follow you, nobody wants to follow someone who doesn't know where he is going. - Joe Namath
I love being happy...an making ppl feel special
Looking for 6 hour a week part time employees in marketing, events planning, and/or sales. Preferred markets are Dallas, Austin, or Waco. A…
Bored as hell at work
if your dick gets caught in your zipper.
then it will be there tomorrow at lunch
There are just some days that I wished no girls like me lol
There should be a lot more than that..
I WOOD DIE IF U FOLLOWED ME I WOOD SCREAM MY A** off..
Gooooooooooooool de Barcelona
someone kill me please
ohh I.know!!! BEST BUY!
I wish for once you would just trust me when I say everything will be okay.
It's jury duty for me on Monday. Hoping it's not some week-long trial.
i ve been sick and in bed. anyone heard from adam lambert? he makes my heart pound out of my chest! heis so freakin hot! total adamgasm!!!
Good Night ♥
#ESPN knows when to drop a controversial article at the right time. Never want to read about anyone being a potential child predator.
Jerry the niners could use another WR...ever think about strapping it on again?
Hope the new #TheGreatGatsby film is good - I love the book. But as Gatsby - he seems 2 young 4 Gatsby. 2 4 Nick.
maybe he's @ gov's mansion watching hoops in tv rumpus room remodeled thx to lobbyist & corp contribs to exec residence fund
I may or may not have been partying with Ryan Gosling & Bradley Cooper last night. But I definitely had The Hangover this morning.
why thank you (bow)
RT : PARTY on the PATIO this SATURDAY starting 930pm. DJ Cherntables aka CHIM is spinning!
Is it the 9th yet?
i'd be down.
San Francisco is poetry. Even the hills rhyme. -Pat Montandon
Made a pretty good dent in my paper research today. Hoping I can finish this without getting any gray hairs!
omg watching that movie they locked up the fat boy in the locker
Sounds like my freshman year of college ;)
Eagerly awaiting those pics of my chucks! Don't post the man pics, please! Haha :)
Uber excited to see you tonight for HH at :)
A Lovely Day! This weather is glorious.
I can't go back to sleep...oh well coffee time
Paranoid Time Space Continuum, My War of the Worlds
Oracle sucks big time
You're welcome, thank you for supporting.
Gonna sleep my sadness away.
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.
another solid day at the office, time to whoop in Jeopardy!
Thanks for the mention, and including me in your paper. Have a great day
So I just asked a medium to translate Nicki minaj's message in her song. She said she was calling someone a #StupidHo# lol
Thanks for the retweet. We have modified the entrance to the free parking garage & working much better
For a bra? Its about time u hit puberty RT : Im gonna be fitted spring break
Just wrote a banging post about Word Vomit. Too bad I need to shelve it for a later date. WHOMP WHOMP.
Join us tonight with happy hour from 5:30-6:30pm. How about house made Gnocchi w/ house cured pancetta in a parsley pesto sauce, only $6
"Damn baby look bad 4rm the back........ ah she ight 4rm the front' lol
At 11:30 at night? RT : I'm about to force myself to do a loop around Greenlake ...
Lady Gaga's Musical Tastes Have Always Been Beyond Her Years
You have dysentery.
Never. Never. Never have a connection in Orlando. The whole plane is full of screaming kids with deformed deadmau5 hats on.
Thanks & love you too EB!
Baby all I want for Xmas... Is the fox sweater, and your new eyelashes!!!! <3
enjoy Boston!
Where else would you go for Mendo Mellow but the Mellow Mushroom? Just tapped today, only 8 sixtels in DC. Come n get it
My boss cut my pay... doesn't exactly improve morale
i'm just a silly space potato
bosses gonna boss, that ripraptors deep in a sunday major
Guys do tend to love Foodie Registry! Thanks for the shout - let's see if we can't get on board for you...
WAMI Holiday Party on Sunday Jan 8th 6PM. Hope to see RT please
Drake ft rihanna-take care
#iwannaslap young people who don't understand the importance of respecting the elderly
i laughed yesterday when my mom was like everybody say grace at dinner i said Chloe Grace! Moretz there were like wow she is cool ha
Waukesha Co businesswoman Christine Druecke sentenced to 8 months in jail for hitting a police officer and fleeing the scene.
i ate my lunch from a spork today. i can't even remember what life was like before i made it big. probably very similar to life now.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Large container EB Beltline @ John Nolen. Ramp to John Nolen closed. The EB Beltline may be closed, too. Avoid Area.
Small quantities of 3Floyds Tiger Jelly & Stygian Darkness Also, Uncommon Brewers Golden State Ale & Allagash Odyssey.
Based om the trajectory of the past two days, is it reasonable to assume that George Clooney will be coming out tomorrow?
today will be an awsome day!!! :D
We are so thankful for our consistent volunteer Mary O'Neill who comes in every Wednesday and Thursday to help us out! She's awesome!
On the ground, driving a Mustang, headed to the beach oh yea Tampa
The health insurance plan deductibles are so high to be able to afford a rate that is still too high!
NBC should take the camera off Crist. Let the kid be.
Anyone going out tonight? Where you heading?
:: is on the air NOW with live coverage of a severe storm moving through SE Wisconsin. Send storm photos to
Wish you guys the best!! I'm 100% supportive of you guys <3
I was told I needed to do some soul searching... so I Googled James Brown.
that moment when Louis walked over to me and have me his drum stick...hottie
I hope it was worth it! is a true pro.
I didn't HAVE to use Task to win ;P
" ya trying to use the lord to sale pussy on this corner " lmao
Replacement value of each C-130 you see flying out of Yeager is $70 million ...
Started last AGAIN.. My gosh. Worked my way up and chain fell off. Then was leakin oil... 8th still
I need someone in Boston who will watch Glee and shamelessly fangirl the crap out of it with me.
lame, let's work on getting out of the gravity well
I'd like to see more coverage on the pending Free Trade Agreements with Panama, Colombia & Korea. Good for local jobs & econo
Leaving for new mexico tomorrow! totally jonesing for some warm weather!
Thanks Kevin - that's the kind of tweet I expect...! Have a great weekend
And the cubs blow it like they always do
any suggestions for books anyone??
Ok, start piling the sandbags, Boehner is crying 34 secs into the
imma smack ya ass when I see u fatty
Wow! Really, people are going to stand outside of stores for days over a pair of shoes. Wtf...talk about get a life. Roflmao
I mean anywhere! I swear I'll order from williamsburg if it means getting food within the time advertised!
doesnt feel like you get no attention
Thanks to everyone that listened to and appreciated the Sat. music show. It's been an honor. I'll do my best to turn you on to music here.
motherplunker we gotta chill like this weekend kay?
"We won't be afraid of being sweet to ourselves - Or anybody! anybody else!" ::her space holiday::sleepy tigers::
Dear Twitter, Area 31 is where to be tonight :)
Oh wow, that will be amazing!
idk. Some gurl made ann account about her. And i didnt know if u knew who it was or not
I can further my education without taking more classes. And I feel I want to consider other schools besides UH. Work is priority for now.
Congrats!!! What's the name of little baby ?
kind of you to say :) Love Foley Beach !
Kathie, I bring my own food into the movie theaters only for the fact that many dont carry the soda or candy I perfer.
Well, "it's research," is what I always say!
I don't care where ur from, top-down on the 2-seater in 47 degrees has got to be cold!
Hi Gorgeous. I hope all is well. Have a good one. =)
Coolness:) I'm heading out around 1:00 till 6-ish. Catch me before or after
you found $300/month rest in DC?
Booked another film role, with an awesome group of folks. But, I'm so glued to CNN, this news hasn't phased me yet. (I know you can relate.)
Ok. Who scores this game's GWG...I am saying Parise
At the Brady. Totally not sure my car will be where I parked it when it's done.
woah! will keep ur mum in my thoughts & prayers...
the prices are a bit high but food was good !!!
X Box factory employees in China threaten mass suicide over work conditions. Could this be the next X Box game theme??
Holy shake up #WGN! Love Johnny B. & can't wait to have him back! Sad about Steve & Johnny, since I imagined me & Jen growing up to be them.
Fire drill .... #StarbucksRun?
If you are interested in what is being tweeted at American Council of Education conf, search #ACE2012. ASU Pres Michael Crow Opened
All set up, thanks though :)
we are doing a challenge at :) i think you should do it :)
Happy Valentinee Day To U
"These pants are squeezing me in ways you can't understand."
“: RT : "Bullying is for losers" is a TT. Um, isn't calling bullies 'losers' a form of bullying?” I think so!
hey!!! Wait, for what?! Thanks love, you too! :)
Exactly 2 months until my 21st birthday!
u welcome! Don't act like you don't no me! I'm following
Which gym are they switching to? :) (P.S. This is Kelly...lol)
good point. We'll have to talk to his roommate again about this tomorrow
I effing HATE April Fools Day. Dumbest idea ever.
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
Congrats, & on the best design Crunchie. Well deserved.
I agree it inappropriate twitter comments worse than junk mail
Something is wrong with me! I have been singing little mermaid songs for the past 20minutes haha!
Where did everybody's standards go?
Undergrad moment of the day: group meeting for Russian Constructivism presentation took place in a skate park.
Good luck on Sunday Justin! Go kick some Green Bay ass!!!!! GO BIG BLUE!!!
m. Can't argue with that.
I hope Puck butchers his face!!!
I would love to see him debati the presant VP...who is he again? ...I forgot... I'm so shamless...
Ready fir wrestling
Did you know we have the best warranties in the biz!
Get ready Fort Worthians! White Elephant Saloon on Friday & Fred's Texas Cafe on Saturday! Come on!!
2day, Shawn Chapman Holley kept Lindsay OUT of jail. Get better Lindsay.
#astd10 continue the conversation about how to implement social media solutions successfully in my session following #M304 or Tu304
Well.....this sucks.
thanks daniel. :')
have time to talk tomorrow around 11am?
First time setting up and using the studio alone. a lot less difficult than I thought it would be
How did Silvia's baby shower go? My son Tristan is 22 mos. Can't wait to take him to his first show to see you &
Summer Headshot Special $179 Includes 4 looks, CD with all images, top choices retouched and ready for print. Reserve your spot now ....
PickUpLine: Hi, my name is Milk. I'll do your body good.
haha, that's what i get for not liking capital letters.
Might explain the giant aviator glasses & coat of Axe Bodyspray -- truth conceiler. Will consult my girlfriend on this theory
RT if your a true belieber :)!
Thank you very much for the #ff! DFW folks definitely need to check you out. Good luck with launch!
#1 pick in today's #FantasyBaseball draft! Who should I take?
If you pitch something as being "really hot right now" it most definitely isn't.
Eli Manning’s Playoff Victims: Aaron Rodgers, Matt Ryan, Tom Brady, Brett Favre, Tony Romo, Jeff Garcia
yeah... It is Kentucky (:
Lol You Silly Suhh! QT : Lmao S|O She Is Ah Trip & Going In On Somebody.!
tweet tweet tweet! I LOVE twitter er ee do doo doo see you at the SMODCASTLE!
I've been experimenting w/ #paleo so...I had a "real" burger.
After a day that was positively hell, I'm here in heaven with my best girls...and tequila.
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not
thank you!!
That's great!
Starbucks >>> Crack
Miss you as well =) Everythings been going good, thanks!
You think your cool just realize that your fake and no one likes you and move on with your life
I go to sharpfocus to pin a picture, I get message 'there are no pictures to pin'. blame it on freakin' flash!
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS - says East Finals will be BOS over CHI and in the West LAL over OKC, with Lakers 3-peating over BOS
I cant help but wonder what alex feels about this. What he is gonna do with all the posters. How the crew is taking this.
great idea. Good luck
On marriage: I'm in the dog house because my wife saw me staring at another woman, in her dream.
It is great to talk to administrators like those in Danville Community Schools who are are really seeking to innovate education. Great work!
I'm glad I came here <3
Thanks to my newest follower no hit her up
....a stranger in a strange land......I'll have to get used to it!
Work tonight, dang it I'm missing
Now following
well, when you put the words summer&school together, fun can't be possible. but naah, i'm taking just regular history.
Ah. What's been the matter? The site has been down for over a month except for iffy spurts.
So, is #KONY2012 a scam or what? Im hearing a million things!!!!
- do you think Carmelo will be in Denver after Feb 2011 trade deadline?
Kiwi author and once, present and future Warrior Alan Duff has nat’l treatment rights under Berne but not the monies flowing from his rights
Even though today was crappy, I'm still happy because my family literally keeps me smiling:)
There we go Mr. Norris sir! This'n could get interesting!
The worst part of what happened Wednesday: the Bruins website will show "Capitals 2 Bruins 1" until September. ugh.
WHAT were you doing.
Hey Mel
What makes you think she is?
5 design concepts before running out the door for a spring planting in shades of blue and white. Spring is finally here!
Keep the pictures coming...if you take a picture of your food next time at the daily, you could win a $50 GIFT CERTIFICATE!
glad you made bra
Tonight is the night! Join us at the VAC to celebrate the opening night of amazing student shows from 6-8pm!
Love posting up at coffee shops....
need a swisha!!!
Best homemade clam chowder, ever.
Funny you should mention that. We are looking at v.2 right now :) Any feedback specifically? & thanks for the compliment!
Glad to meet you via the John 3:15 Blog Hop!
RT I've to do some muscle exercise
Practice time...say something!! Ha
At 20 years of age the will reigns, at 30 the wit, at 40 the judgment!
good lookin on the follow
I gotta GTL tonight. Mostly L
are you okay?
Am I ready? I've been pounding them. #hashtagshots might kill me before the meeting.
Another wonderful day is upon us! Plan on hitting the gym hard today & packing my bags, anticipating a rocking weekend! Happiness is me!!!
I like this line: "Luck helps, but hustling helps more."
Working on the plot of "High School Newspaper Musical" with
The bananas I had were banana bread bananas. Too far?
Who's gonna be the lucky lady tonight?!? #IfYouAreSingle HMU!
It's so hard to come to the job I don't like a day after working at the job I really enjoy.
#THATCamp #LAC campers: the wifi information has changed for the camp-the details will be on slips of paper in your nametag holders
Sorry guys, was exhausted and needed to get stuff done at home.
what about the 6th district? Where can I see the counts?
Fucken warm out side blessed be..
Thanks for the follow. Love your website & looking forward to learning more!
No problem! :)
Shows being added to the calendar soon! Making friends and sharing the good Vibes!
Argh! Was trying to wait to play that game until the price dropped. However, I am being drawn inexorably towards that game.
that will fix all types of insomnia...
Whats good, i need to be in chill mode
that sounds delicious!
. PS - LOVE Air Display! Thanks!
Found $5 on the way into the office - what a nice way to start the day!
naw i gt tu my checks b 2 fat i cnt miss out on no money u kno hw dat go
#favorites Hudson jeans & shoes (of course)!
Had a great time in Falls Church - and very glad to meet
and We have a lot of posts to catch up on... =0)
Morning my fellow tweeters
good night Tweety!
“: When he play black jack, he hits on 20 ... and always gets 21.” enjoyed that one. Reminded me of a crazy dude in LV @ 5am
hey ange, did u do a workout at the school gym? And if so cud I join u? X
Excited about client's newest novel. Great stuff!
My Gmail looks like I live in a haunted house, I have a cold and already called in sick. Think it's time to sleep for 20 hours or so.
I agree and that's where we challenge his blind supporters. He knew it as a candidate. He is loathsome.
Supporting DH is definitely a challenge at a U w/ limited tech support and huge STEM focus. Ongoing frustration 4 me.
I grubbed hard when I got home today. I kinda felt like Pumba from the Lion King when it was said and done. O well
Gay chicken.
I officially hate my bus driver -___-
Your avatar makes my day every time I see it running my timeline.
Commission's meeting for organized group presentations of district maps is now in session. Watch live online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
What's number 1 on that list?
;; Just put in my new lip ring
Where'd you get your dress and shoes - obsessed!
Also, Deng's deal is a year shorter and not as expensive. Maybe they keep O.J. then, or get Jason Terry (pipe dream).
What goes down must go up. Thinking positive.
practice was fun :)
RT Reminder....the 101 channel on DirecTV is showing Farm Aid today starting at 5PM EST
My bad, I just used it for entertainment so didn't know you couldn't connect to real account with the app.
😊miss you biggie
Remember, people in publishing see the so-called "digital revolution" as a possible threat to their own careers. It's fear.
I just dropped the phone on my face!
I Am What I Am. I like what I like. I love what I love. Get off my back. It's my life, not yours.
Brenda Braxton on Grimm! How cool is that!
Finally, y'all are playing w/ heart
aprox how long do you run everyday?
Good luck at SXSW.
Elizabeth Warren will not head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. A senate bid against Scott Brown in #Massachusetts appears likely
Happy and appreciative customers, enjoying LENGUADO/FRESH FLOUNDER Cebiches only ...
now is the time for all good trees to come to your aid by only falling on the phone company wires
Wait, what? Dad-cation then?
Finding myself jumping on the band wagon, go #RedBirds!
omg i love ray ray, roc royal,princeton ,diggy simmons, willow smith,jaden smith and ymcmb
LOL, yes!! ;) RT Q7 "Did you know that Chuck Norris is our overdue book collector? Just thought I'd mention it."
At Pep Boys tryna get my car fixed, pray that it doesn't cost too much...
Love this. Never stop learning. Ever. RT : Learn all that you can; you just might be someone’s mentor someday.
If your Mom has a gardern check out Awesome gift ideas. You can find them on FB and
I just joined a community on named NICOLEBARKERFANS
of course that doesn't stop her in RL
A beautiful day... alas teaching and gigging all day. Somebody have a beer in a lawn chair outside for me.
I had a dream about mass effect 3 does that mean im addicted or in love
Always after a little Taste w/the stick & ball sports. NASCAR & Horses is $$$ for me this spring! THE BIG FELLA ALWAYS WINS!!!
Ipod on shuffle= I'm musically inclined right now bbl (:
good luck!
On set still in atl... Another overnight filming on the same movie..... I love my job......
I'll take "things young black men shouldn't say out loud" for $200, Alex. “: I'll bring by your pot."
Just got an email with the subject line: What is happening to our country? Let me get right back to you on that.
lets go HAWKS!!!!!! #GETUPSLUGS!
I still wear Vans...
whea u at??
people are freaking creepy...
love you!!
oh, you know. rocking that 3.88 GPA my first semester at Vandy. nbd.
Wish I could come. Ever planning on Thursday or weekend events? Can I meetup later if I don't make this one?
aww I love you to baby. My tummy hurt real bad
OM Frickin' G!!!! I LOVE IT!!! When I get home I'm going to dig in the sofa for extra change! Thanks for sharing!
Do these people not have to work tomorrow? Oh #LexingtonPoliceScanner you've been a good time tonight. Thank you.
This LeBron's 1st playoff game at MSG. He better score 50+
it won't be the same!
If 'Speaking of' executed its next event around a sweet narrative, which narrative would you choose? Odyssey? Sesame Street?
Know your place when you are in someone else house.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission's gross sales for hard liquor in calendar year 2011 total $448.8 million, 4.5 percent more than 2010.
Great night for a firepit!
I love you too mark! :)
New way of thinking of the books I read: would I want to pass it on to people really close to me so that they get something good out of it.
I'm not trying to be Brian Scalabrine or Sheamus, tho. lol
Did anyone buy anything off of #googlecatalog ? What do you think of the interface?
what was the abuser abusing ?
ill do what i have to do. but if you dont help me when i need you most, dont expect to hear from me when ive gone off to be successful.
you're welcome! <3
Oo they childish! RT : Timeout : I just got a private call &amp; a bunch of females all chanted my government name 0_o wtf...
Busy day! Now hitting the road for MarkLogic World!
Portland too!
Perm Direct Hire - .NET Developer Role - 65k + 3-5 years experience as a .NET developer * .NET development using C# and 4.0 Framework* Web …
Yeah! I definitely need to step it up when the new iPads are released.
Look at you 😏
I keep staying up way too late!
All them trade schools like everest and shit be sellin straight wolf tickets..
I've always believed Inge was perfectly fine for his role. But retiring his number? Nope.
Clippers came a long way, before this year... No one liked em lol
hang in there! :-)
So warm here today that bus has sunroof open.
cool can u tell me there twitter names nd can plzs tell them 2 follow me
"...Mike A. and Fee, Seamus, Mondy and Keeb, Jason and my homie, D.B.!..." The Crispy Fellas!! Say No More. www.crispyfellas.com
“: Holy crap Clay Davis is on Smash #TheWireTheMusical”
I ABSOLUTELY HATE THE PET NAME 'BABE,' 'BABY,' 'BOO,' ETC. LIKE, EUGH.
Do your part. World Piece. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
I just met a 4 year-old named Chance... It's a sign. will score today.
Kihncert 2010 spotlight - Blue Oyster Cult - on the air now! On stage Aug 29th!
I'm obsessed with her. She's my friend's daughter, came to brunch with us, slept on me almost the whole time! Swoon!
yep.. sorry for the long wait..
Be Texan, go #boomboom (GOOD LUCK !!)
SexTip: Nothing kills a relationship more than predictability and boredom.
Almost just walked into the wall..lol..im so awesome
Sometimes you have to be dumb selfish to get anything done. Everybody wants something from you, and time is your most precious resource.
Today is one of the worst in a while but watching Bob Ross has made it better, always does.
awesome. Glad you liked it!
Someone shook the snowglobe again!!!
yeah...My tweets be bi polar as hell at times and Thank you same to you too! :)
I can understand that....
shes got an open minded way of seein things and shes always looking after everyone else before herself. she'll smile even when shes hurting
Happy Saturday all! :-)
The vibrate on the iPhone is so annoying!! Since my volume isn't working I'm jus putting it on silent from now til who the eff cares.
#HowToPissAFemaleOff ASK HER TO STOP TALKING SO MUCH ABOUT BULL SHIT AND SAY' YAP YAP, U BITCHES SHEESH
Countdown is on until game time...gotta head home and change, then it's off to the AT&T Center. Game 1. LET'S GO!! GO SPURS GO!!
How's your SlideRocket coming along?! Let us know if you have any questions. :)
Yea buddy ": I'm effing DOWN. RT Let's DO IT": Schoolboy Q June 21 who's riding with me?""
I'm at Moxie theater waiting for the cutain to go up on a fantastic new season!
You will! It's really interesting. Sorry you're missing it too. Safe travels!
Among alcoholic patients, rates for physical abuse were reported at 24 percent and 33 percent for men and women, respectively.
I'd taken a collection of personal stories over generalizations or statistics any day, on almost any topic.
Looks good on you
so bam bam is a really good nickname but have you considered #streakender or streak killer. Either way keep knocking them down
Ready to watch this game #pacernation 🏀🏀🏀
Epic #trouble!!!
TWILIGHT MARATHON!!! so excited!!!! Always...B More U:))))
My Auntie said its a good movie, Imma see.
I see u lil homie. On ya grind, that's what's up. #504 Love
Is about to leave
If you prefer to not get trampled, come by the bookshop for a visit, buy a book and bask in the catharsis of well-developed story.
hell im not dat picky
I'll tell everyone I know: The Grey is an incredible film, go see it immediately.
Because comfort is the great pacifier. See the Colosseum. See the development of a middle class.
A3: not a formal one BUT definitely an "informal" one -- we get quite a number of returnees...
so efficient Coppo, although I was betting on you replying in under an hour ;)
Congratulations on your nomination!
Love road trips
agreed dude lol no matter whats in front am waiting for when yj is on gonna suck when it goes away for a break
Seeking K attys with ANDA experience for a project. Please message me for details.
Don't! You will attract the wrong company at dinner parties.
Shawty go hard concrete she can shake her ass one cheek both cheeks both cheeks both cheeks they got a white girl said she got no cheeks
You're welcome!
When you have "good problems to have" it's appropriate to say "the glass is half full of champaign."
that made me lol
Does work? Or tweet all day? :) Professional tweeter?
Even more tear gas in Oakland. Solidarity from
Will racial tensions in a key swing state sway the #2012election?
emcee swordfish reporting for duty sir
I photoshopped the hair on the pic... chill, i took it in NJ
RT : Today it's $4 admission day at the Oregon Zoo!
Omg where were you??
meeting today at 4:30 in Brooklyn! DM if you are interested in coming!
I Love The Shuffling Hamster's :)
I'm sitting here like, "what the hell?" why? Cause in hungry. I gotta get somethin to eat.
OKC has rust?
There were a number of moments where I nearly wet myself. And then I laughed.
Of course, thanks for your follow! Have a great evening, and we hope to see you in Atlanta!
aw so precious!
PSA to all you procrastinators out there, don't forget: last chance, today's Tax Day!
"In Him we have redemption through His blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of His grace" -Ephesians 1:7 (NASB)
well i cant see the pic cause im on my phone but ill check it later!(: anyways bye(:
FIVE AMAZING BELIEBERS GO FOLLOW !!!!!!! AND I'LL GIVE YOU 3 SOLO SHOUTOUTS!! JUST TWEET ME!
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include looking/feeling younger. What motivates you?
STEVE HARVEY MADE ALOT OF MONEY FROM THAT BOOK
I'm ok just thinking
Kid: "Guess what?" Me: "What?" Kid: "Chicken-butt!" (classic)
CONGRATS on your new opportunity, James! Happy for you!
It's that time of the day, come by and for the rest of the day, grab a free coffee drink of your choice! Say "Greg" at the register!
im thinking LA and Rangers final...Rangers win it
Man I'm not even trying anymore. I peaked with that WW2 stuff. Time to retire. Thanks guys, I'm moving to Jamaica and opening a bar.
Professional Nail Artist Theresa is available so please stop by or call to book an appoint with her at 510 8321100
Didn't hear anything about a callback on that Home Depot audition...oh well, on to the next one.
Moving bookshelves around -- trying to make it look less like a library in here before my MIL's visit.
stop warning people of your arrival!! Just sayin
People who cause unnecessary drama <<<
": Every evening I turn my worries over to God. He's going to be up all night anyway. -Mary C. Crowley"
Sitting in this boring class. Ready to go back to my dorm and climb back into my bed
One lead we're still tracking down is insurance. So if you know a guy... Just sayin.
We sure do miss tailgating!
Am I lucky or am I blessed?...Yes
Yes, that's the one. Now we wait.
I DO like eating salads for breakfast. I DO like eating salads for breakfast. I DO like eating salads for breakfast.
Oh I'm so happy! He just has such a fresh take on things...inspiring!
That's great! Looking fwd to the fare machine revisions. Please make them simple & straightforward, & w/a non-PC-circa-85 interface!
People are ignorant.
We share the same rare disease. Hopefully one day, there will never be a cure, lol.
A sharp vision, supported by concrete plans, offers you a wonderful feeling of confidence and personal power.
It's a better name than Cougar Town.
Great to hear! We've already booked time with tomb raider this year. Look for an extensive preview soon!
Saturday morning wooooosh must mean it's end of quarter...
#scms12 networks are central to theory (rhizomes, ANT, etc.) but far exceed academe
Troy Polamalu signs 4 year contract w/ the #Steelers || #NFL || P.S. All you ppl hating on Pennsylvania suck a diccup till you hiccup!
Where the heck is a big Mega Millions PowerBall billboard in the Seattle area? Feel like I haven't seen one in ages & it would look cool now
1st #WINNING PIC OF NFL WEEK 1...GIANTS/REDSKINS OVER 37.5 POINTS...RUNNING YDS WILL BE TOUGH TO COME BY...TEAMS WILL STEP UP PASSING GAMES
Is it just me or is ending phone conversations really awkward.
A week in NYC cheering on my wife followed by the holiday weekend. I am so ready to get back to work. Bring it on!
Just finished "Big Love" horrible ending. What a waste :-( I wish I could take back the countless hours I invested.
she just wants to hear it from you more
Quote of the day, "Don't use 70's power tools.".
How big is your entourage?
i meant Gillette stadium
like this week was so stressful for me
apparently Bryce Harper needed stitches after hitting himself in the face with a bat.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the fab endorsement Nicole! :-)
next time we shall
I've had this stuck in my head all morning: "We love our bread, we love our butter, but most of all we love each other." ;P
..or coins & currency from other countries.
I haven't slept in in forever. Sure as hell feels good.
o come on yes taylor isn't exactly the best person but she's human
The Top 5 QBs in AFL history are being announced tonight on Who will be number one?
see you there bud.
I can't wait for Sunday:) finally dying all my hair black
Damn that is adorable.
This seems like one of those things you are only for because it was obama's idea ps go big red
yes & ama catch u too, w ur sexy self
Fashion has two purposes: comfort and love. Beauty comes when fashion succeeds. ~Coco Chanel
Ergotron Workfit-S. Not cheap but I think it will be worth it. Need a smaller actual desk to attach it to, tho.
You don't listen to the words that I say.
-_- lol I really what to go to the beach.
i am feeling extremely fortunate and grateful for working on this film with just amazing people. how did i get here????????
just saying something else people would want. Not directed at hou
oh yeah, huntsman is a smart, relatively normal and honest person, i.e. he can't even get 1% of republicans to vote for him.
is the finale this weekend (5/12) or the following weekend (5/19)?
I feel so sick. :( Hopefully i'll feel better!! /:
I totally forgot about your trip!!! HOW WAS IT?!
Kinda. It says "Jericho wannabe" on it with a picture of a wasp (get it? wannaBEE?).
I'm going to the game on Wednesday and I wanted to ask you , when you yell " let's go clippers lets go" would you like if ..
Doing better. Thanks!
George Gordon~ And if I laugh at any mortal thing This that I may not weep.
you realize that I knew there would be stopwatches bc as a childless non-teacher I've done that before.
Always determine the correct, physiological jaw relationship b4 determining the correct alignment and occlusal relationship of the teeth.
anyone wana hit the mall up with me ?
": Goodies from on the way for #PromProject2point0 🎨" :-)
It's raining like cats & dogs in Sylmar.
Thanks! Gotten a few responses - must put our heads together and confer. Will e-mail over some details over. (cc )
Getting ready for the DC Rollergirls Holiday Bash tomorrow night at the Rock and Roll Hotel!
Just saved an RBI triple.
Inet I miss you too!
dm the new math....will call right away
RT : #Idontknowbut if you leave my life, don't bother coming back.
git commit -m "forgot what i did"
haha I planned on getting my license this spring anyway!
Would like more traction for Win Win and Super 8, but I've no big problems with the ones I've seen listed, even, uh, The Help
best BJ ever!
Congratulations to for defending her Master's! If she thought she was bossy before, imagine now that I have to call her Master.
Kinda weird
& I are living under the authority of King Jesus - fanatical #faith? ABSOLUTELY!
If you can't spell it's probably a good thing you're in there RT "Stiudy hall"
You're weird.
It's sad how much power certain human beings have over others. Especially appearance wise.
Whoa y'all be on the look out for *once again* another escaped inmate...OPP orange jumpsuit found in city park smh smh smh smh smh
App is down today. You have an hour and nineteen minutes to fix or I'm going to miss with
Red stag & coke will be the 'during work' pregame next thursday for the #MSG show, 50 ML shots cost $1 across the street from office!
Rode our bikes to for a burger! Love this weather
What's your favorite #chocolate dessert?
You might not know your future, but you do know your likes & dislikes.
ah, now that makes sense! Thanks for the info.
On the spot freestyle's.. >>
At fiore's excited for the dance tonight!!! I'm gonna show off my moves.... If I had any lol ;P
There are 49 state police agencies. Hawaii doesn't have one, but has sheriffs.
We still need Bosh
don't hate biatch
Musicians don't necessarily own the rights to their own music, though.
with 11 min. to go in 1st half Duke is losing to NC St. 16-6 That's #4 Duke
Metro driver talking on intercom w/a screaming baby in the background. Is it take your child to work day? Isn't that a distraction?
Apologies, but still a great organisation supporting the community. Have a great weekend
practicing my twerkin' in the mirror every day till your party ;D hahaha
Thank you and Happy #WW Seize the day :)
RT : Chopped salad w/ lettuces, piri piri peppers, sheeps milk rustica, French fries & salami - insanely...
I want to design skate decks.
RT did funpub drop the soap on this years box set?
Slowly, but surely I'm getting obsessed with the show Shark Tank! Anyone else watch?
here I am in memphis with some great music for u.
They certainly are harder to carry around :-(
Not sure yet. If I do, will let you know :)
Nothing like a little sparkle to kick off graduation weekend!
hope you are enjoyING dinner
I need a day off from school :(
I'd go with hideout. Sounds more sinister.
The Howie D from BSB is following me now! Cool! :) Now waiting for a New Kid to follow me. :)
We look forward to this partnership and have a lot of surprises in store as we move forward throughout the year!
Swing by sometime. We have rehearsal rooms open throughout the day. If you come by and see people around, come ask for a tour.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 11
Thx, Erica. Sweet to see you drinking in the early phases.
Haha. YES. RT : can I get one of them capes?
Today is the first Saturday where I have absolutely nothing to do. It feels great!
ps make your own sandwich.
don't trust excel. #GBCA brownbag i doubt it is excel that made the error
Can't argue with ya, Chris :) RT You guys? "As every smart person knows, it's #usguys" #TGIF & ^5s all around
Jesse Ventura announced he would run as Ron Paul's VP if Ron Paul leaves the Republican party...interesting
Hey it's better than watching any Minnesota teams play! lol
u really funny bra!! One WR cant stop us bro! When we score 50 on yall dont choke on that Turkey n Dressing!
☼ The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing and should therefore be treated with great caution. J. K. Rowling
This week for Trivia Tuesday Tavern! 7:30 start time! Hints: In the music world, do you know those songs where the title is not used...
Clippers loose lakers win the division
Hey, Paul, thank you for coming and I am glad that you came. Niall
thanks sweetie
Wheres tha guy tha will push a STRONG women like tell me everything will b ok im n ur corner
Did i just almost cry at a chipotle commercial?
I don't think they really care... But I don't think they know
I'll take two, but only if they fit magnum bottles
Exctied for our recruitment lunch tomorrow! Hope to see you there, free will be provided!
at blogger lounge
Thanks for the follow Go check them out!
and a big thank you to ALL of the LSC candidates and to everyone that serves on an LSC. Our community is strong because of you!
On my way to a dance competition....its in a Scottish temple.....um?
ah is this reallt who I think it is. I miss you gurl. We need to catch up on old times #LibrasAllDay <3
I Love the leopard iPhone Case and want to win it on the fabulous blog! Be sure to check this giveaway out!
Sitting at the Continental enjoying a pint of Guinness and listening to Wilco.
Marilyn Johnson "I love libray websites that have quotes from their users"
You and me together nothing is better.
Yea....whatever
Yay Monday! Treat yourself to something great today. Eat an extra donut. Take a long lunch. Get outside and soak up some sun! Xo
Thank you Cindy for the follow!
In other news, I am seriously seriously seriously considering going to Pitchfork today. I wonder if Saturday tickets are still available.
Spending time in Palo Alto makes me realize why people love living here (personally and professionally)
Learning a lot from the guys that saw my previous tweet and who are now robbing my place, they're very efficient and really nice.
Thank god for every new day of life ! <3
RT : Got a great book recommendation for you fellow Stephen King fans - Summer of Night by Dan Simmons. #JustRead it.
Check out unique and clever tweet: snow!! Brrrrr!!! I got nothin'....
Love my #Browns, #Browns fan till I die, tons of #Bengals fans talking smack, taking advantage cause it's been a while since they could lol
happy new year! had an amazing evening at Beauty Bar. back to class in 48 hours...
I call it computer motion sickness, hate it too
Says the guy who has no children and ergo has no idea what it's like to try and keep one occupied ... :-)
RT : This isn't fun anymore guys.
This!!! ---> “ Absolutely no further interest in the NBA season!!! *shrug*”
Girl talk for grownups.
Managed a moment of compassion/pity for Andrew Sullivan. Then he opened his mouth & I went back to thinking he's a childish, spiteful d-bag
Cincinnati's uniforms look like they are out of a bad 90s workout video
I name each WIP sequence so I can track progress… Today's edit is subtitled "THE END AND THEN SOME." Sounds Vonneguty; I'm okay with that.
Most people sin because of the lack of #identity in #JESUS #gzHi -
It was nice to meet you - again, thanks for your feedback.
49 students on a non holiday/event night, 's worship keeps getting better and better AND I got to experience dart wars. Success.
Awesome for you. Sorry Davy won't be there.
Funny how your friends are the one's to sell you out.
#liverunway Snookie Would Of Been A Better Model.Thoes Girl Were Ugly
yeah i know there's more important things, but don't forget to remember me.
Glad that Amazon Instant Video can now be streamed via PS3 but disappointed with the rewind function. Usually won't work for me
lol same to you
Are you free next week or the week after?
time. lol, i've had this for a year or so.
haha its all good =) im excited to meet u too!
my last 2 shreds of dignity, my phone and my car, have both died
My dog is having puppies and I need to help her.
can't wait! Say my name at the door!!
I love cleaning after the kids go home .. I find the most interesting things .... Anyway cleaning while jamming out to <33
yo I am in the same boat!!! It's dry everywhere!!
Everything's great over here! Looking forward to your next event! ;)
Omg my tummu hurts!!!
#ripple about to present at
That's probably the only way my "Library Tycoon" videogame will ever happen--!
#interviewtip Dec Grad: when posting ur resume 2 a job board, dont label urself as "in need of work" u dont want 2 look desperate.
People who have their tweets locked make me laugh
Let's be honest, that man was researching his next show, right?
now following backk;)
will do!
It's almost time!! Prayer at 6:30pm. Don't come alone, bring a friend!
Even #OccupyOakland and #OccupySF need a DIT! Got lots of great footage from both movements today. I love run & gun!
Of course! please send your information to
Managing the unexpected.
Thx for the add! Since you are a tech junkie you must have a smartphone, have you downloaded the bartab app yet?
you just made my week by replying to my tweet!!
I'll see you there!
I followed !!
what did the Post do this time? Out of loop
only 5 likes away from 600 on facebook.com/alessaisred TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS!! thx ;) Support. Retweet+Like.
u welcome
bloody mary <3
Smartphone access already pervasive, becoming moreso, esp. among young. ...
He used the word impugn, watch out.
was "cutie" in reference to teva or isabel? please be more specific.
: How do you think her mother feels?
Only thing that would allow me to stomach Cards WS celebration would be seeing the flying mini-Deion dump a bucket of water on Tim McCarver.
Fairly good...
"Oh dang" momen when you laugh and snort lml haa only me I guess
It Sucks When The Joke is On You lol
