Hey, Dwight Craver (director of the short "Off the Map") welcome to Rochester! We'll see you in the "Adventures & Challenges" program...
*HUGE SPECIALS TODAY ONLY* Buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION over $55 and receive 2 FREE WEEKS of tanning! Instant Tans are 2 for $40 or 10 for $120!
Oh I can't wait to go shopping at that mall!!!
Hah i made my frriend download tumblr so i could go on mine.
Just got me a new BBerry. Trying out twitter on it. To my thousands of followers! - ha!
What do you plan to do with your first 90-degree weekend this year?
I know I only got four followers, but I want all four of you niggas to know F.B.E is killing this Shit.... War on garbage....
lmao! M Chinese would be bomb right now
“#SEC where education matters RT Miss. St. cancelled classes in anticipation for game against LSU" look forward to this hah
We Just to Turned up.....Turned up to the MAX....We be getting to It...
would also have been a good example. we were talking about how heroes (though not heroines) are allowed to be ugly, if powerful.
Really.? :O
Just learned when a guy tells u he's "never giving up" it actually means in 4 days he's gonna start seeing someone else. Good 2 know. LOL.
Having. Not had. It's the end of the semester, and there is not enough coffee IN THE WORLD.
aw, im sorry! it will still be awesome! :)
I used to LOVE doing that as a kid.
Time to Sign Out !
Just got my bellybutton pierced =P it didn't hurt at all!! =P I thought it would hurt like hell!! =P hahah a pleasant surprise ;D
Well said. Too bad the stellar performance will be forgotten by many due to the outcome.
Very little I'm not interested in; thus the luxury of apathy re: cars and sports.
dwade sucks, I think.
Are you using Mac or Windows?
Keep it fun internally!
I need to buy 90 small #sketch books to inspire the creative process in HS #students. where can I buy cheap?
Oh, and there is no way they replace
#MLB: Report: Werth will miss 12 weeks after surgery.
Imagine Etsy with a "live" auction presentation. It's interesting. Def a good place for getting deals on handmade wares.
studying for geo. last final at 1030 am then IM DONE
EPP's titles can be found in academic libraries worldwide, including Canada's McGill Uni; UK's British National Library; USA's UCLA.
What's the best library website you've ever used? Seeking models for #Oxy redesign. pls RT.
What has the world gotten to? 1 person driving 4 others on the phone!
Just watched the interview, good luck with the project.
Stop clubbing, baby seals!
Hawks are in the PLAYOFFS!
Good Morning San Francisco!
Just walked past a playground. Children playing tag. Everytime someone was tagged a kid said "sexy and I know it". That was weird.
I did same thing! I think you are in same sesh. This is better!
I don't want something perfect. I want something real. I want something between the two of us, something we can both feel.
everyday you should be doing something to get faster.
Nas for the win
Working on unveiling many hilarious new ideas in the short future.
Gas station mini-mart on the way to work today. Do they have Diet Coke? No. Hemp milk? Yes. So very
Of course! She's pure sunshine in my life. I am happy to help her get well soon.
I am so freaking sick of evacuating the cathedral
yes! Which is dine by me. :)
gonna be on National TV 4 handing off the home equip ..lovin it...she deserves that TV time...they always push the pretty gurls on!
Thanks for stopping in and supporting and !
Gonna work out tomorrow with along with at the gym. Demo'ing some new stuff - excited!
VOSD: Bonnie Dumanis' Econ plan focuses on buzz words and herself, had to chuckle at that one...
turn to you is amazing<3
Thanks for an outstanding season. It's been an amazing ride. Are you okay? Hated to see you leave the game.
What's your favorite thing about your workspace or #office's design/furniture? How about least favorite?
Just got home, time to paint for a minute....
Kony 2012 is a scam. Do NOT spread it. Spread that it is false. Fucking the government and the elite.
Practice and proper form playing an instrument can help center, meditation
could you have #sex the first night and expect a lasting relationship?
G O O D N I G H T . DONT FORGET TO SAY YOUR PRAYERS<333(:
#ICantLiveWithout my boys
#Verizon has the worst customer service for cable installation. The WORST! Canceled appointments, incorrect equipment. Geez!
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
Hi Adam - thanks for following StoryFirst! Like your work - I'd enjoy a chance to meet. Coffee soon?
big year for you :) Thanks!
thank you <3 :)
Come see IRANIAN film-maker Majid Majidi's THE COLOR OF PARADISE tonight after the Community Meal. Meal 6:30 (good soup), film begins at 7.
You ever read about his incredible athletic feats?
keep forgetting about this damn power point
Yeah. He was an icon. He introduced gamelan to America. He is a legend to the public, and a hero to his family. <3
I agree. I'm on season 2 right now, they're manning the hatch and just found the other survivors from the back of the plane.
OMG I love Grease!!!!!! if there's ever a remake, you would be perfect for Sandy! :D
actually Zach the word evicted comes to mind before fell.
Free day today!! Not really
more like when a guy leaves a league and the first place team vultures his best player (cuz league owns team)
I'm going to miss you guys on Thursday nights!!!
Interested in boosting your #work resilience? The Center for Creative Leadership's Amy Martinez shares three on our feed.
WOW! I love seeing my timeline full of Always funny & entertaining! Love ya Jun :)
Just enjoying a spectacular DC day. Thanks!
Not sure what we're doing yet for New Year's Eve... might go to sister's house.
"Reflections on Play, Pedagogy, and World of Warcraft" - from new quarterly
me too. Especially that "yes we can" rip off one.
at times I just wanna go to stones river or river stones mall.. whatever it's called.. to shop. but I never find anything. ever
ION NEED NOBODY TO SUGAR COAT SHIT
I want somebody to cuddle D:
That's no good--hope you feel better soon!
You owned the TV screen, dude. Nice.
Or you can come here. ;)
So few understand the meaning of companionship. I appreciate all with whom I'm involved.
What's more shocking is that I called that walk-off homer haha..
The City Of Chicago Board Of Edu Stay Fuckinn Up My Work Checkk...Its 50.00 Short. Lemme Call Payroll.
guh. yes, this weather is definitely not conducive to sleeping!
So excited for summer with my boo!! Soon no more college until August :)
#wov12 do girl scouts have a computer science badge? I seem to vaguely remember getting a science badge.
Will post a summary blog later today, more questions raised than answers :)
Good morning all! Get started with breakfast at #SUBWAY & you'll have a great day. Guaranteed! Remember our full menu is available all day
In advance of RSD #BlackFriday I spent money at Wuxtry Decatur today. and - you're next on the list!
Some great points at #9sinst11 about the necessity of clarity and transparency in the promotion/tenure process for younger scholars.
- we'll take all the Cume we can get. Bring it brother. :)
I wish I could teleport myself home!
#retweet ~> : Just 2 more and we are at 100 followers.....pls RT and ask your followers to follow us and
New Yorkers bring fish farms to urban jungle
TECH HOUSE
-_- How is that good?
big hairy audacious goal
Not sure what they did.
HAHAHAHA I am just tweeting funny things people say around me...so it's not actually me saying them!
you asked for more: Mod Timbo's responses are also insulting: 15-16-348-63658155 no one seriously thinks that at Jagex, right?
As of last week, lol, Edward's never online enough for me to go with him... And your my second choice :)
RT : Hiya Kevin. Thanks for the follow. As a former NYC Actress, I know how much actors need marketing help.
Cocaine is one hell of a drug am I right?
Getting fucked up bc I'm done w finals
Love the view of NYC from the plane!
I can't believe I got up at 730 for this
I'm just a regular bloke, I put on my jumpsuit one leg at a time just like everyone else
Guidelines are negotiated with the other side. Best practices are internal professional principals.
RT : Just made my life winning the VIP Suite for Keys/Monkeys show! Thanks so freaking much!!
Last "Rocky Top" of the day
Getting to the point where im to tired to fix my hair. Hurry up summer.
SO TRUE!!! RT When I am home alone, Every noise I hear is a serial killer.
2 days in a row I guess
and the bandwagon just got light again.
Emma Stone in Giambattiata Vali...umm haven't we seen this dress before?
i dont feel like you care anymore
Spring break is over
happy birthday:)
Total #REIT industry capitalization is only 80% of 1 company's cap: Apple
ALERT: Stop, Drop & Roll! RT USC will join 8.2 million across the state in the #GreatCaliforniaShakeout tomorrow.
You need a simple - affordable solution - that PAYS HUGE...
If u go on a date and pull out a RushCard. She gonna pull out her phone & start Tweetin abt u
Have no idea what to expect out of this game. Go cats.
Oh, yeah, the guy with the fashionable hair who has actually played pretty well of late. Not sure what's going on.
great job on #IndyStyle this morning!!
the website we work for is like voldermort from Harry potter - speak the name you'll explode
As Kelly Cutrone would say "if you have to cry go outside."
lots of work :/
I sent you an email. Dr Craig
Personally, I'm going with the Spanx for Mom//Heck! I'd love some of that anit-gravity eye cream!
It is what it is!!!!
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. -Epictetus
POA is matching pledge dollars for the next 3 minutes - Call Now 602-377-3003
#nowplaying Put It Down by & ❤❤ this song!!
O I'd love to go to London for a while! #LACanBChallenging. Ups & Downs, you know. These days here, UMust produce & write
I'm glad I caught the #SOTU. Very inspiring-Loved the messages... also glad I didn't have to stand & clap that many times.. just once at end
so you're saying today is the same as every other day?
Onscreen skies are frightful. Outside real time sky is sunny and lovely.
"I think what is important is that there's a unified argument or narrative sustained at some level."
FOLLOW ME FOOL
ah hell nah you should of won album of the year Blake!
is 1/6 of an all-star 10:30 Jet City at tonight. If you've been waiting for reason to see JCI, this is it.
Sparky no thanks to #NODEGREE #CollegeDropout (KickedOUT?) About That Criminal Defense Fund...#DOE :O
Not sure. But exciting about your consultation starting.
Deductive reasoning Tweeting about ducks lost me followers, probably ducks, or duck sympathisers. My next 100 tweets will..
We're getting ready for tomorrow. Its going to be crazy with POKE LOVERS! We will see you there. Downtown San Jose ca let's do this!!!
New password requiring at least one capital letter, two numbers and one special character? Someone please tell #Gmail to calm down.
Kobe is absolutely ridiculous!
If you had to be stuck on a boat with one of the boyz who would it be ? #12345 :D !
Happy Birthday! Thanks for all that you do!
That's still a thing? The things you learn on Twitter. (Another thing I learned on Twitter today: It's National Cleavage Day.)
never listen to me.
The ceremony was a success! Thank you everyone who came! For those who didn't, you can always watch online. www.unmultimedia.org/tv/webcast
I would do for you
Where was beaver?
Quit it with the fake beards, babies. Such an insult to my craft.
Big birthday shout out to our main man, He is a huge part of helping us get our brews to you.
Uh oh... looks like it's time to return to.... TECH!
That shift really knocked me out. On glad to finally be home
wish my glasses fit better.. you guys need to make a few smaller styles.. still on the mission for fab eyeglasses
"Forgiving is not always forgetting, but forgetting is always forgiving"
How many Musicians want to win a chance at a free Music Video Shoot?
and should #ShootUsDown with their love<3.
Days like this I want to drive away.
RT Got a group of friends and they all trying to get tatted the day before graduation.. :)
Happy #AprilFoolsDay! What's something foolish you've done? #Remember the time...
Sweet for $38 you can buy a share of Facebook. Secure you d-bag status NOW!
Great workshop on #Socialmedia for the #boomer generation with
DM for you!
quick! Someone tell rick santorum!
my tweet feed is blowing up forever Christian&His LittleGirls RT
#InSpotter mobile app will empower
If tomorrow is nice, does anyone want to go to the zoo with me??
aww glad u had fun. Were u bad kate? Lol jeje love ya
How do I sign up for one of those?
How do towels get dirty if you're clean when you use them??
Great show tonight thanks for everybody who tuned in. Thanks to all my new followers. Let me know here what u want to hear on the show -JDM
I rarely remember things myself.
So many brasileiros in central Florida right now...wonder why?
Great British band - - opened up for Love hearing new music!
Yes we do Eni! You should come visit soon I knw Francis would Love your company cuz he b tired as hell of me lol
Just wrote a long email about Tumblr, then realized all I needed to say was "gifs."
#20thingsaboutme I hate going out to eat. I guess that's weird.
If we set you up with your own INTERNET Business...Could you handle it? We will teach you how to market on THE WEB!...
If there's a will, there's a way. Why should I be busting missions to see you? No siree, I have no trouble waiting. I'm already used to it
Part 1 of Supernatural's season finale tonight on the CW.
sure that sounds good.lemme know when you a date that works. Most days are good for me other then wed.
Okay so I officially love today, met deuce from shake it up AND got to go to Sonic for the first time. :D with kalista! Bestdayever!!
RT : For the love of God. Sterling Marlin is trending.
Ellen Brazer announces that she will be the keynote speaker at 22 events beginning in Sept.2010
Had a conversation (w/myself!) abt this yesterday. Not easy. RT Watch what you give your time to. And make approp changes
You're pretty good (: I'm downloading your album when I can ! Lol.
oh mena things are so great I honestly haven't been this happy since Michael
the newest member of the #LoudHouse empire - make sure you follow and look out for him!!
Being ignored <<<
LOL I thought you might say something like that!!
#whimsicalgates being installed in May at Heritage Museums & Gardens. follow our stories
"Please limit to 5 pieces per submission or 2k words"
hope you yank 'em up.
I hear ya. That's been my last WEEK. You ok?
Can we just announce that whoever goes to Costco and buys Zooey Deshanel a giant case of Campbell's tomato soup wins Twitter?
I'm mean!!!!!!no your just annoying the hell out of me.
Sandwich Shop, originally offered to antique shoppers as a side business, now has 200+ outlets nationwide and 7 in Manhattan
Playing the priest at my daughter's penance practice. How funny is this
Made it to the Forest Temple after accidentally picking up the heart in Jabu Jabu's Belly and having to fight Barinade again.
my birthdays on Sunday!! (:
Congratulations on the birth of your new daughter. Mine is coming in late May and I can't wait.
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 16
Bad day at work and fraudulent charges on my debit card?! How did I become so lucky?
I'm comin to see you and the boys play tonight!!! I'll be waving at you!! (section 114)✌😁
Finally got it done! Better late than never right?
When you throw away your French Toast sticks :o
If you can have lunch with anyone in the world, who would that be?
My salad looks yummy :) I wanna eat it already lol
About to see a giant rock! 320 tons.
think I'm playing! #thatswhathomeschoolingsfor #damniwishiainttrickedallthatbread ah gotta go
next TUESDAY at THE FARM. Focus! Focus! w/ Tamia Remains, Teflon w/Special guests!
Nice! I can tell you are a romantic at heart! =)
gosh! too much salt isnt good! :P
Went and did a walk through of the reception venue with the caterer and the staff of the venue. We now have a game plan.
#1 The HoodStarz "Elevator music" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
#HighBloodPressure Antipsychotic Drug Does Not Help Veterans With PTSD Study : Antipsychotic Drug Does Not Help Veterans With PTSD
Having fun w Jason At The Park/Cafeteria in Sacramento after 7 hour flights. Now that's living!
Ima feature you on this banger I got. Its more or less of the kinda stuff you spit but still a banger. Just to see how you do.
i have an exam at 8am, my bro has ap calc the same time, and cause I needed the money
Angles time was about 5 years ago. Plus TNA did have Tito Ortiz as a ref before and Ken Shamrock. Nothing new.
personal trainer and a martial arts instructor
Stake and Shake... Is that a new restaurant that vampires don't like?
Can lizards eat food from Wendy's ?
I need someone different You know it, oh ho, you know it
SIZZLING SEASON FACT; The average show for Actors Company of Tulsa costs anywhere from 3000-5000 dollars.
When people don't put smiley faces OR any kind of face in a text.
It's hard to trust someone when the ones you trusted the most are the ones who betrayed you.
It's like living in a giant mouth,
Great weekend. Got to be outside and enjoy the beautiful weather with family and good beer.
#UShouldnt fake de game
Just following your lead Dr. Kynor! ;)
Working on some super top-secret stuff for -- it should make Tweeps very happy
OK, It's time. From now on I'll tweet
#artpolitics three phases: from voice of enemy to voice of allies to voice of self. Audio spotlights. Cd provide recognition that what you
being in the mac store is like getting a second chance to be nice to the kids you ignored in high school. no thanks
Hey George! When will we have the midterm questions for Leadership and Ethics?
That baby dinosaur noise you make when you stretch.
Whatss Up Babe? :D
day off Wednesday. But I'm always at joes ;)
Scream by Usher 😍❤
That was probably the fastest I ever got ready, & I cut my ankle while shaving:'(
Phone is back up & with a vengeance. Wow!
If someone will look into the actual conversation and thinks I'm a harassing antisemitic violent threat. I'll leave voluntarily.
lol I went yesterday for the first time this year and did surprisingly well
3rd sleepless night in a row... My bags are getting bags ! 😒
Whereas all 12 Bobcat's would play major minutes for Kentucky. That alone should end the discussion.
Working on a new school program about kids in 1900 Phoenix, and a free history children's program about medicine in territorial Arizona.
The things that kids ask in health class..
lol it broke my thin heart.
Deadlifts, bench and pull ups! Sounds like a fantastic workout today!
RT this. I hate the Heat, but they gonna SWEEP the Bulls n their one pony show.
It sucks when you know things will never be the same :/
Seriously, who is Jinsu?
just sat
-- are you headed to E3 this year?
Lovin' the DJ @ Crisp right now!
first tweet ??? On iPhone 4s ; over!
fuck boston, u know the hate run deep lol
Have some open dates still open for holiday music. What could be better than Live Music &Songs for your office party or/and private party
Not surprising, but Rush Limbaugh is amazingly callous about former NFL players and head injuries.
i heard that a treatment Drs use for Bladder Suspension "Coaptite" prb spelled wrong worksWell &last long x as wrinkle fillerTrue?
I need some help with a bill problem, ready to cancel service, any way to get some help?
God is something else. I was just thinking about sending u a message. Wow, really??? That is great! I can't wait to hear!
You can't keep having people do things for you. You have to do things by yourself.
any way to change email addresses from one edu to another. Can't find any way to do it on the licenses area
it's funny that you went to sleep when I woke up.
Physical pain sucks emotional pain hurts but being dead is a misery
Government @ Our Finger Tips™ #Axiomity Inc ® -- ()
birthday celebration.
thanks Heather! :)
Graduating this May? Make sure you use #Suffolk2012 when tweeting. PS Bring your smartphone! :)
Pretty sure no one in Sacramento cares about the Tour of California bike race since they totally negated us this year.
you better. or we won't see each other until mid june
Brain splat. Heart floor.
thank you so much. I really enjoyed being part of the project!
follow fridays us plz!! it will be much appreciated!! thanks.
Poster is not original author of the quote removed from this post. User is under investigation for possible violation of copyright law.
This light skinned boy is in my face putting chochlate in in my face
Angry haters.
"Above all, never let anyone else make you feel like their worth is greater than yours. You are the only one who can measure your worth."
It's Friday the 13th. Has anything really bad ever happen to you on Friday the 13th?
April is Jazz Appreciation Month! Support live jazz.
Ha! That would be good! RT : Anna Nicole Smith! In her skinny modeling days! Xo
got tossed for saying something to ref
Wow, just wow. Firemen cleaning their firetruck is a sight to be seen. Thank you day!
Well..that was a good movie...Time to start cooking..
Love being on the West Coast and finding out everything that's happening in the Grammys. So thankful for tape delay. Thanks CBS.
bored....grinding on lockpoker....
From which state/city/town R you? =)
#Brewers lose. Final score: 1-3.
Work now
If you liked 's presentation last night (we did!), let us know. We're always looking for feedback and suggestions!
I MISS MY TEDDY BEAR
quit letting vince young be such a vagina. Could we have just one game where he plays 60 minutes??
IMPORTANT: If you lost a black Sony Cyber-shot at the Bowling event, please email us.
BTW- there's not one extra scene, there's two. If you leave before the final credits, you'll miss it and that would be a shame.
um Austin replied, he just said that no one cared anymore. Idk what that means but yea
finally finished great expectations this morning. think i should stay away from the classics...rarely enjoy them.
Cowboy buttsex. Sodomy.
why am I not surprised
Mayweather all the way. My dad wants Cotto, though. Bahhh.
Please broadcast the names of the 10 Democrats. I would like to personally help fund their being taken to the woodshed!
Powers out. Damn and I need to study..
Pay freezes longer hours more work Isn't it time to reward your staff? Holiday parties are motovational and an economical way to say thanks
If you're behind while watching on MLB.tv, I apologize for the spoiler.
hahaha yeah maybe not a good idea :)
That will ruled a fumble I think. He was losing control of the ball.
Damn I don't feel like driving
Bout to go chop it up wit the FAM
The first thing I think when I wake up Monday morning in Vegas is, Hmm... I'll take a #hol at #VMworld. Good crowd.
In some secondary world fantasies the kids often remove themselves from the site of the parents, not other way
Made the best Yerba Mate tea latte.. On my way to fitting #1! Could it be a more beautiful day? HAPPY HUNGER GAMES!
Hey, I just sent pics of the table to your gmail. Keep me posted.
At work tired ass hell
I say a huge AMEN to that!! He was awesome and anointed!
How much is too much?
Just realized, the problem with my dog is me. I'm asking him to be a golden r. when all he wants to be is a terrier....
It's harder than it seems
Summer weather sneak peak today in Long Beach. Mid 80s right now. Who is coming down to ride a hydrobike in the bay?
Im so depressed and all i want to do is talk to you but you're asleep...
ok so make my eggs
Thanks! It's been a long time coming! LOL. Now I have to come up with interesting stuff to say! Way too much pressure!
I'm looking for stories/interviews with pit bull lovers who have bred dogs or have purchased from a breeder. Email
the website looks awesome!!!
Holidays are meant to be tiring still
fish an chips for dinner..yumm
McConnell told CNN that there is ageement on lenght: "We're going to pass a short-term continuing resolution over into March."
Thanks Veronika for the follow!
Changing the World's bad mood into good, one brownie and cookie at a time! Bitter?! Sweeten your spirits with one of our medicated Yummies!
RT Please follow She is looking for #followers. Thank you!
It sounds like a comic book lover's dream come true. I can’t wait for the big screen premier in May!
can u spread The word tht I'm an actress an TÊŁŁ ppl to look at mi bio :)
“Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.” ~Buddha
we sat behind you on the flight to London, great to meet you. Do you have a pic of your softail? Good luck w/European tour
Woo! Let's get it Kentucky! All day! :D
My psychic instincts tell me this will not end well.
Don't you expect us to assume if your not telling us anything....
yo I got a babymomma & 1000. twitter-boo's on twitter but no twifey yet tho so I can't talk lol
Peer groups are energizing and always worth the time, I highly recommend you find one...
Big up the Street Bass massive everywhere! Have a great Saturday night!
Going to bed #peaace !
Journal 4 due today!
either ways fine..i'd go for the youtube
does campus cookies deliver to Philadelphia??
HA HA!
she is so HOT too!!!
Bad week for right wing agit-prop provocateurs; first Brietbart collapses, then Limbaugh backpeddles. O'Reilly's gotta wonder if he's next.
Thank you kindly
Sounds like a good plan! We'd love to hear about how your trip goes!
Glad u enjoyed. I like The Palms of Clearwater. And congrats on your daughter's engagement.
Josh "The Little Cowboy" Tomlin doin work!
ah stop it. I hate to hear that. It's disgusting.
haha thats HOw twitter work :) im just starting 2
#SFIMAtweetup QR Code fan over here - don't hate
burned 394 calories doing 180 minutes of "Cleaning, light, moderate effort"
Nigga if u type back "K" n response to any text message ur def gay
The X Factor Snags Britney Spears For $15 Million
It hurts every time you act like you don't care.
Just made it to #webwise before the hotel parking rate went up :). Everyone, I am impersonating
My First Tweet!!!!lml :D
1501 tweets baby.
Chicago is lucky to have you join us!! Have fun at the wedding!
Great day writing with Nathan Chapman &
Before I met you, I didn’t know what it was like to look at someone and smile for no reason at all. ♥
I live in LA and been going to Clippers games 17 years.
Yuck RT : Cashman sounds distressed about Joba. was making good progress coming back from Tommy John surg. This is big setback.
Who's excited for the next Ad2sday Happy Hour at Keystone Bar & Grill in Covington?
i think it was in the most recent brantley banner!! i will find it for you gurl.
my sister and her kids went back to south carolina today....it was sad my nephew was crying and kept saying he wanted to stay with me so sad
WHAT CAN I SAY...GIRLS JUS LIKE TO HAVE FUN;-)
“: I'm the kind of girl that would rather grab a controller and play with him, than complain about him playing.”
Happy spring equinox, fellow human beings. Asymptote day. Rate of change of daylight is fastest today&tomorrow, for the calculus inclined
Union Solidarity Now
a little teasing never hurt anyone - even if it was unintentional ;)
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 4.) when people recycle plastic and paper cups, plates, and utensils when they are clearly DISPOSABLE!!!
RT : "Not permitting libraries to lend ebooks means that some people have less opportunity in their lives than others."...
This car arson business is pure insanity... maybe you should leave your in the street in hopes they find/burn it?
Fraternity Wars Day 1: Capture the Flag at 6!
Thanks. Checking it out now.
just tuned in to
You give me butterflies
Just agreed to stay up until sunrise.
hahaha this is you!!! “: Every time I cut my hair, I immediately start missing my long hair. #GirlProblems”
Watching baseball and drinking beer. Happy Monday.
The mountains tremble AT YOUR VOICE!
We did it
we're twins hahah but sadly no, she doesn't like Justin Bieber
Summer Dinner: tomatoes, corn-on-the-cob and meatloaf. Am I am American or what?
O hello homeless man on the street puking into a trash can.
I find myself deleting it often. Twitter is excellent training for eliminating unnecessary words, i.e. very.
She shine like a Dime-ond.
I just saw someone using a pay phone. Totally caught me off guard. I imagined my kids watching hackers & saying "internet on the phone?"
any chance you'll be sharing your slides? would love to see what you talked about... hard at wrk on semantic netwrks & news...
Cool! Good Luck! Go Noles!
Flopped set ok kings!
Thank you advertisements and docudramas for educating us all that actors are not real people. I guess I am a unicorn.
that is mystique from x-men: the last stand. Being cured, and seeing her naked 4 the first time.
“: Thanks a ton for performing last night guys. Tons of fun!” you guys rock!!!
Did anybody ever go to Clipper games before this year??
Com'n Gise I need Followers!
Yes, I am not a very good swimmer. True story.
at night?
risen hells ranch halloween!?!
Looking for people who want to start a business from home and make more money.
Thank you to my Craftstravaganza customers! It was a wonderful day. :)
RT : Happy Mother's Day to the most beautiful, hardworking, and amazing mom! <3 I dont what I'd do without her. (:
Everytime the chi squared test has been presented to me it was so complicated. Not today!
well the best nachos are in Nampa
Eat Your Heart Out !!
thank goodness I wasn't the only one thing that.
ESPN is angling for access to RGIII. They have been head-over-heals for him since Sept. No wonder stressing about Cousins pick.
in the workshop!!
*crying* omg, I'm right next to you so you see how hard I'm laughing, omfgggg. RT : ahh, her teeth are kinda jacked
TOUGH LOVE- NEW ORLEANS! TONIGHT! 7PM!
Getting A New Phone Case >>>>>>
Weird to ask the girl in front of me if there's something in my teeth? or normal
UMF! WHY AM I NOT THERE :(
The tyrant doesn't care he ruins lives. He is simply happy he can do so without consequence.
You are wearing flip flops to work? RT It is definitely not flip flop weather. Silly patsy.
LinkedIn and job search seminar tonight at CUNY grad center with Phil Jones and John Bau starting at 6:30
Having sushi in Shawnee. No, that is not a typo.
Ready to hang out with !!!
still :O I would just slap her haha!! :D
If you live in Madison and have low water pressure or no running water, let me know where you live. #waterproblem Thanks!
im not wearing any green today. but if you pinch me, i will fucking murder you. happy saint patrick's day!
USAA used to be a good insurance company. Now instead of customer service, they offer incompetence, lies and misinformation. USAA sucks!
Did you regret ever holding my hand?
Keeping up with local, national, and international news: ABC News is the best!!
31 pitches for Lester in the first. Didn't look happy with home ump. Last time we saw that it was Beckett and he settled down.
Still havnt gone to sleep! I don't know how my baby does it to stay awake
looking forward to an exciting 2nd half!
Finally found the man I can say with certainty... I'm going to spend the rest of my life with him. Craziness
Working towards accumulating all my "fav'd" tweets from #NGS2012 in one place.
i hope so too.. I havent been able to edit anything, you been busy
Thank you for being so trusting & generous w me today. Your story is so beautiful - & yet there's so much more to come!
Getting ready to watch the #Oscars. What are your favorite #films this year? Next year-one on how #EricCantor was relieved of his job.
Good morning! Work out pending, biz getting done, and life is lovely
Yesterday, it was Easter and southern Calif. had a 7.2 earthquake. My first quake love it. :)
Cant stand when people chew gum and make that poppin sound
Happy Mothers day :)
Hi Niall, I'm not confused. Vernon indeed said patrol car was going same speed as bike - about 30 mph.
So that new show Duets, pretty much remade the 1984 Apple Commercial.
Just trying to make sure everyone can get on the Metro in time
The Catholic church announces that it considers the only acceptable Holy Union to be between a Priest and a preteen boy.
Judging by this womans eye shadow, she hasn't noticed it's now 2012 and no longer the 80s.
Eighty-six percent of users expect lies about physical appearance on dating site profiles.~D
Yea I might fall but you will never catch me fall off hmmp
pathetic game!!!
in my dream I was a feature in a Kelly Rowland music video. I win
Wow, that is might impressive. Do you have a transporter?
Toastmasters meeting next week on the 6th near Penn Station!! Looking forward to starting off a new year with power and conviction
very cool! I'd love to see some up close. I've only seen videos of that process but it's fascinating.
uh oh! What did you get in trouble for? Lol
RT Participating in the #Loyalty 360 webinar sponsored by Comarch "Experience the True Force of Loyalty"
Michelle Williams Fires Back at Beyonce Stans on Twitter About Baby Blue Ivy Carter -
did you hear? "Bar Method is for wimps" -- 😄
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
What are the odds? A Mexican jockey won the #KyDerby on #CincoDeMayo!
Puppy Bowl: less ref, more puppy. Seriously.
I saw a peacock by the road a few weeks ago too. We also have a #nofilter shirt. :-)
Now that all my #screenwriters have applied to this year's Nicholl's Fellowship, time to up your aggregate queue - oxox
diggin the updates of your trip. The fishing looks rad. Cheers!
I need to wash my eyes
The Rev is 10%. I'd forgotten that. On behalf of my liver: fuck you,
Whenever you quote me on twitter you have to type, #Shit Ade Says
Which one? It really depends. Different languages have such different cognitive properties.
Just the two of us we, we can make it if we try ! :)
meeting the ex-wife today for the first time since July. It will be short and quick, unlike the relationship.
Hey man, let me know how it is!
Reality show idea: libertarian locked in a cage with well-armed cancer patients is forced to explain policies for "pre-existing conditions"
Damn that DQ commercial. M....
.“My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.” (Jim Henson)
We cannot wait to see you on the Miss USA stage!
yeah stop playin
I love accomplishments!
follow me please I love ya and ur hot and awesome
Looking to connect with SAN Storage Administrators - If that's you or someone you know contact me. or 248.351.3813
how are people finding out about Selena's mom..?
thanks you wonderful lady!
you should watch "Top Poppins," it's a film about a fighter pilot nanny.
<- reared by Pops and a #SAHM. raised by wolves and gutter snipes->
Sounds like a time—I've heard good things about Dinowalrus. You going to the May Day concert/festivities Tuesday?
RT : Thx for being our 500th "liker" :) So sweet of you! // The pleasure's all mine. Looks like a great reading club.
's Face When She Saw Matt >>>>>
Confirm your sources, I can't find this anywhere.
Without patience, life can be extremely frustrating... :)
RT : Did you see Toy Story 3? Catch the original Sat. night at our Dive In Movie series!
A Tale of Two City Sidewalks
More: Bartleby's Book of Buttons, Nova Elements, Monster at the End of This Book, ColorSplash, Pages, Wikipanion, WebMD
fuck that they are scary for the whole league
Round up the horses and cannons, the dark age folks have declared war RT OBAMA FLIP FLOPS, DECLARES WAR ON MARRIAGE
It must have unfrozen itself? What a cool video! Thanks for sharing!
Soon it's #TebowTime RT : Soon ....
- If only Liberals/Progressives were as dedicated to voting in Democratic primaries. (& mid-term elections!)
Feeling kinda sad about Donna Summer's passing. Her music was often in the background when I was a kid. No, I did not grow up in a Disco.
yeah but he might have had a little helmet to helmet issue
IMO, not "Knowing" is the point of Faith. I don't "Know" there is a god, but I have Faith and Believe there is! :)
LA FWY closure made front section of local paper. Live just under 1000 miles away. If it effects the commute here...
-Lol thanks n okay no mo pics today haha-!!
great to see you Denise! Thanks for the
Someone stole my foursquare mayorship at Fiesta away from me... we need to fix this!
I do see how women can be chauvinist but there is a freedom of choice to be sexual, empowered, and proud of feminine aspects.
All day err' day!
I'm your huckleberry.
OK got it lol
It's the night before heading out for a conference and I'm still doing laundry and only underwear is packed. Sounds about right.
So, we've totally neglected twitter lately, sorry everybody! We'll keep you posted more often from now on. How are you doing?
alternately, "4 non brondes", as in bro's. too much of a stretch? too...brotesque?
I hope the Clips lose. They can have an everlasting back seat for all I care. The fans too. Didn't know they had fans (Shrugs)
as well you should be!
BK: toast? *Raises beer to Joe Flacco and his future with the #Ravens* put em up.
working on the intro to a manuscript. slow going. just write, baby. stop tweeting. now.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
+1 Strongly agree, as software capital needs fall early-stage firms should get smaller,not larger. $ is commodity, help isn't
“ I hate the way movies portray relationships. It gives us unrealistic expectations of love.”
OMG, you guys, I couldn't even get my #ragecry tweet to post that's how bad my day has been.
No one told me lifting weights would make me sweat as much as running!
Super 15 Rugby (AUS, NZ and RSA together) play consecutive weeks on the road.
seems as we have a lot in common!
I want that girl so bad
That's fantastic! What did you choose for your first?
RT from Iran: Today's protest in Tehran will be at Valiasr square 5pm
Thanks for faving the tweet.
I'm rapidly approaching the point where I'd eat a dog to get people to stop the annoying "Obama ate a dog" thing.
Kind of wish I were taller. 5'6 is average. :(
Did Best Buddies' Fairways to Friendship last night w/UofL's golf coaches as instructors. My body is reminding me I'm out of shape!
Just joined & am really excited about connecting. Keep up the good work!
truth be told I really don't even fucking know what that is but the inverted cross thing looks legit..
Dr. Dre ≤ Large Professor ≤ Dr. Demento ≤ Dr. Octagon ≤ Dr. John ≤ Scientist
i have no memory of who i once was, and i don't remember your name.
Awesome! I always say Very is my fav, but it's hard to pick just one.
It depends- Usually ppl gain more if they cheat on carbs, rather that cheating on fat. It depends on ur body and how u react.
in Lock Haven, PA . . . Snowy! Next reading is Tuesday, in Charlotte, NC.
8 hour push again today. con law exam tomorrow.
Great presentation of program elements/key considerations to start a tablet initiative
why do you do this? Tease us so? Fjfdigfirfbhk I can't wait for 's new album!! #BELIEVE!!!
I know right?! I've been really god :) how about you?
Mark your calendar now for #DevLearn | 12. Join us Oct. 31 - Nov. 2, back at The Aria, Las Vegas!
People who don't know Twitter vocab are funny. #improperuseofhashtag #douchePT , I think you'd agree...
Lock your doors is bartending tonight until 9.
- due to Beck's departure, conspiracy theories are to be outsourced to India. Luckily they're not fans of Pakistan either!
who were you meeting?
like 2 months. ):
Flight later today to Chicago and #AWP12. Of course, the biggest storm thus far this winter is on its way...
lol, yes kind of like self tax monitoring
Being a smart shopper is the first step to getting rich. ~ Mark Cuban
I slept all day ... now I can't sleep at all..... fml
Yesterday had a great day of very engaging / though provoking workshops.
#LSCON in orlando can't wait to meet up with old friends and new. See you all starting tues for certificate program!
Today is Documentary Day at the Malkoff house. Some how Robsessed: Inside the life of Robert Pattinson did not make 's set list.
Ha! I'm in it twice...I tell no lies..
follow me back please? ):
gracias brotha's! def, lets keep in touch...we want to head back to TX this summer
Nasty ass putting hot sauce on eggs
lol.... it must b on the way 2 the trailer
“A Penny Saved…Is Useless.”- Carl Jung
can I get a follow back too
that's why I can't believe this dude isnt in jail. Change the story so Trayvon kills Zimmerman and ask if he walks free...
I got friends in low places.
I hate but love the moment when I'm going to follow someone only to find out I already do... ._. is that weird?
When you see that one person, and you get nervous, heart beaten fast. >>>
How will you help the planet today? Help someone else? Work for a just cause? Smile at people you meet? Lots of options.
You're welcome!
Let us know details on any practices/media availabilities this week. We'd like to catch the team before they head down.
I really want to tweet for during the game but I have a feeling I'll be falling asleep. Regardless
Working the craft table at for
Listen to in class haha
My little sister just bumped into/recognized you in #DC but didn't say hi. She's a fan.
keep the termite ball titles coming, I love em.
Coming up on Saturday, November 5th - our First Saturday show with a very special guest, Keyboardist Nicholas Cole! Nicholas is just 18...
oh man, algebra is so fun! asdhgasjhdgaj i have to do math homework :(
Philly fan, how cool would it be if Richards and carter went on to win the cup in LA?I would love it.
Couldn't agree more with the Iphone, had mine replaced today completely
Had to stop following some people on my twitter cuz they were flooding my feed with boring, dumb tweets.
Sorry about that :) Well I'm happy to meet a San Diego matadorian
While billionaires are pledging millions to advance more income disparity I wonder who will build our assets trust fund?
Thanks #Google, for taking the #GOP #debate to a new technological level. Gmail sounds, Google Earth animations, and a live #Youtube page.
I need you to call me and serenade me with Nsync or Jesse J and if you don't I'll leave you a voicemail singing Shakira:-)
Thanks so much for the follow, I love Toronto, I was there about a year ago with my 3 kids, they loved it too.
Oh ok... I J's asking bc of the other day...yay
Did you missed RFTZ today? It was invigoratingly brisk.
: #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
he better. i'm not sacrificing honor roll for that DB
": NOW FOLLOWING #Followback! #RAVENSNATION Fan from TN!!" We got you big homie!
I'll be there. Sounds like a good one!
I didn't mean just me, right now :-) When it's healed Put that offer out there and I'd bet you'll get lots of takers. $£€¥
I fuckin love rappers that make songs and lyrics talk about some real ass shit !! #ColeWorld , #Eminem ,
1734 Frenchmen St. Is the address of the Construction site. Come out and join us
Researching for an upcoming project.
Yessir...can't wait for tomorrow!
maybe 10 years ago haha those are like VHS... it's all digital now
that's what she said RT boring! more like yawn cock
lmfao, i miss him. I swear he is so slow but so amazing.
Remember when the IC title was considered the workrate belt? Yeah, me neither anymore.
Looking forward to our shoot tonight! Almost wrapped with the beautiful Mary Lechter!
"Need a new title for my new sitcom. CBS didn't like Home game. How bout some help?" how about WINNING!
if your from #MKE you do
Hi Amy, I'm just sitting up thinkin about yall, and planing my escape back there...I'm serious...
The news I just remembered one of my old managers told me when I was working at Walmart >>> lol
Hi! Confirming 3 pm
The #Flyers look ready to play and take a quick 1-0 lead on the #Pens. Hit on Crosby shows Flyers mean business
Authors - have you used book trailers? What's your experience - good or bad? Readers - do you like book trailers?
Set up EEEPC for trip then it crashed. Took much later train, reset factory defaults, fiddled til battery ran out, now almost back in be ...
The bank account is the worst. I haven't even looked at mine in like a week. No good.
def will create engagement & develop attractive sponsorship platform or one that ups current value
What's new? Be hungry for tarragon mayo, zucchini pizza with hummus and crunch wasabi peas, fried sushi cheeseburger, carnitas egg sandwich
": when you stay unemployed to avoid paying child support"
RT : Just got charged $5751 for a cup of coffee at . Manager wasnt even apologetic when I called to report it.
Why does everyone in shaler think they r a rapper
DM would be better. If u have more than a Top 10, I'll give you my EM address, it's part of both a FB page and twitter. Thanks!
solid point. Never thought about that.
"do Romney"? Auditioning for a guest spot on 'What's Happening?' he also ALWAYS seems to have a new tan.
I love my April Challengers!! So encouraging of each other and keeping e/o motivated #loseweight #challenge Go Team!!!!
Grrr…I'm usually winning at #nikefuel and then syncs (late) again :/
i bet if they announced new targeted assassination/indefinite detention programs targeted at SLOTHS that people might actually care
12/12/12, mark you calendar RT : The state of Wisconsin is voting on a proposal for Aaron Rodger's day today?
I dislocated my finger
Maybe those sharecroppers living hardscrabble lives wouldn't have had it so shitty if they'd swallowed their pride & played regular Scrabble
Think the imprint is on hiatus; not sure if future books coming or not. If I hear anything I'll tweet it. Thanks! Do u write?
"I know why we have reservations." "I don't think you do." Classic.
"Stable to table in 7 days." racing industry axiom, no shame.
Should have 25 denk on it
In order to have wat you want you have to fight for it
The velvet lounge - Washington DC=Bangin party!!
That's because they can't get a real job !!!!!!
Awww....I got two #FF? You're a doll.
Just dawned on me I could actually call the # text message came from, but see tweets from earlier today regarding my hatred of the phone.
RT : RT : Retweet if you were a Belieber before Never Say Never came out.
but of course!
#blackfriday gettin trampled in the mall
Man, sometimes parenting is the exact opposite of fun.
working on it..thanks for the heads up
An Ollie in salute to James Van Doren, who passed away. Founder of the company that makes Vans - skateboarders shoes that became classics
Lead by Faith not by Sight -
Pacer game tonight ^_^
Thanks again for all the support at the City Council meeting this past Tuesday!!!
I know the event will be a success! Wish I could be there;-)
My cock is like a shark. It's great, it's white, it comes when you are least expecting it
may the cards be wild
- the spread is based on the horizontal stretch of formations to stress the defense in the run and pass game...
If the Bruins & the Penguins loose today....
Even as fan, I feel sorry hearing the news about Mariano Rivera & what his injury potentially means to his career. Class-act.
I really wasn't though
both tested positive, both served bans, both reinstated, not quite sure your question beyond that.
#10FacebookTips if you tend to update your status every minute, then it's time to get a Twitter.
Purpose gives birth to hope and instills the passion to act.
My mom is making me this tea with some weed, idk what it is lol
Trut confirms this in emails to me: clearly foxes not reached domestic state yet. Repro and other reasons.
Thrilled - thank you so much!!
HUNGER GAMES FANS: Don’t forget to check out our page tomorrow – where we’ll be posting HG trivia every hour!
haven't done that in a while had to do it up :-)
Heading back to Tampa in a few weeks. Should be fun. LOL
Saw lots of people walking the indoor track at Harrington today. Don't forget to sign up for MOUNT MOVES by 1/27.
Who is your favorite? Very curious!
no! I didn't even see this one I'm gonna have to look into it a little more and see what we can do
5 n the morning o well. U already knew the freaks came out at night. So wut if I'm a night person.
God Is Good
that's so sick I may be kind of jealous lol
After #Dahmertour protesters talking peacefully with customers, calmly expressing viewpoints.
My pleasure! Love my new #ULINX bracelet!
Have always loved you like a friend sitting across the kitchen table. Wishing you peace.
i followed! :D
I thought about taking notes, but I figure if not taking notes means seeing some of the levels a few extra times no big.
I always feel like if I DM either he'll never respond because he has so many, or I'll bother him :(
Latinas are the fastest growing demographic in the workplace.
nevermind its all good.
Congratulations on your new car. A new car is always very exciting. ENJOY IT!!
discourse is done in common at all levels, that's the beauty of it.
Richmond Police are in the park. Items are being confiscated. Estimated over 20 police vehicles.
Getting my license in a month, I should probably start looking for a car.
Anyone in LA have a Devi Ever fuzz I can try out? I really don't want to go to Santa Clara to check em out in person.
Welcome to Twitter ... will be happy to see you join tweeterville
Hey ! A non-profit from your hometown would love to talk w/u about a tiny project. Can you have your people call us? Will msg
We'll see who is the Dem nominee for gov in NC's primary which is only two weeks from tomorrow! Unless I decided to suspend it
Just met Jamie Eason at the gym for the 2nd time. Super stoked!
RT : A child can ask questions that a wise man cannot answer. ~Author Unknown
Thanks Shane for the re-follow; have a good night.
u mean he like page or her like actual facebook? and how do u kno its real if its her actual facebook?
Agree : Cowboys and Aliens was pretty terrible.
Cool! Did you get John Larroquette's autograph?
Just saw a "Yellow Mamba" sign ...lol too funny
everybody help trend
Bye Lance Thompson. Great guy, but seriously, why all the worry about a D line coach?
#stopanimalabuse "God made all the creaturesandgave them our loveandour fear, To give sign, we and they are His children, one family here."
Me And MoM About To Go Have Some Mother And Son Time!!! #MaMasBoy#
That should be me.....
Boys becoming men, men becoming wolves...
says, "Go Lehigh!"
FML..Fuck my brain. I'm going home.
KaylaDZ ♥ Welcome Home! ♥ Hope U had a great time.
Cool...Cool.....Thanks!!!! I think you'll like it though...Everybody that heard it so far been goin crazy
: thanks for following me.I'll follow back, have a great tuesday.
Great Pierpont University with of today! Good discussion and lots of sharing.
"If you always did what you always did, you'll always get what you've always got."
I'm missing a sock. , do you know where it is?
Great to see old friends and meet new ones last night at the Phila Am Marketing Assoc. I am excited for the upcoming season of events!
Yesterday, at work, we had an awesome mexican food potluck. I made turkey tacos, pretty standard, but yummy
Auditioning dancers for dirty ball and more projects for rest of season at point park. Great dancers here a total blast.
There is nothing I dislike more in this world than the doctor's office.
You're a good friend! :-D RT : I have followed you on, what, 18 different handles now? ;)
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "this debate is the same old, polititians against each other", proposes Brazilian system of development
I'm going to kill myself thinking about it all night tho. :/
There's no food in my shitty house
Shit. Air con has gone out upstairs. It's almost 90 degrees up there.
I love you with all my fingers toes and every ounce of my blood. Haha and even more than that ♥
I wear my club masters and listen to "I stand alone"
who are you?
Oh no! Very sorry, Chad, happy to refund any errant charges. Could you drop me a note in feedback at the end of your trip?
no way! that's awesome!!!!!
Just sent USD 20 to Wikipedia. What would you do if it went away ? For me the answer is... Not very much.
Things you never want to hear your co-workers say: "At least we know where the bullet wound came from."
Just realized why Facebook has seemed so meaningless and empty lately.
I will definitely catch it, will be a bit of a story here, mentioned on baseball telecast already. I would thing they would change it now
das what ma hoodie smell like lol
See you there!
I've never had bugs before. I have fun playing, but not sure I like the game community.
Special s/o to all my cousins that's graduating tonight, , , , , & <3
with good bourbon...maybe.lol
thank you Bro Goodmorning to you too :)
America Where a man can say what he thinks, if he isn't afraid of his wife, his boss, his customer, his neighbors, or the govern
It remains to be seen whether the EEOC ruling will stand up in court. It's no substitute for inclusive
Last day of tcf training :) met some pretty great people.
Happy New Year!!!!!
Sometimes you just have to! There's still time. I plan a massive push tomorrow, if I can think of anything that happens.
Great lunch sweet potatoes and Sanford & Son.
This morning, my smoke detector went off while I was in the shower. One of us can't tell the difference between smoke & steam.
How much gum is too much?
We built paved roads before everyone owned a car. You must predict future trends and fix probs before they are a prob.
Oh man! I just love rain... Not!:( need to move to a warmer place!!:)
the white M11 earloops were just released. We should get those this month. We can special order the white 7500 earloops for you.
thanks for taking the time for an interview on your big day - congrats and good luck in Cincy
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Prof Quote of the Day "I exercised extreme librarianship."
can we just take your dads work car that pays fir gas and roadtrip downthere please omg
Gratuitous Moby Dick quote: "There is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men."
Are you one of the dozens of fans going to the Padres tonight?
lol- I was probably there; big fan for 20 yrs. She's a pretty consistent performer. It was a lot of fun, excellent food at venue.
Thanks to Joe's Tech Theater class for decking the halls today! The magic isn't just on the stage at Gemini!
Okay I seriously need to do my homework even though I really don't want to. Is anyone good at math? If so please hmu I need help, thanks :)
even that greatest is not perfect
Speaker by the log flume is playing nonstop Very real possibility I won't move from this spot all afternoon.
New Follower Yay!!!
DEV, NYC's New Seed Fund For Digital Media Startups, Announces First Investments - TechCrunch
"The Bull" Alvarez is getting me excited with the way he's swinging it lately. Another bomb in St. Louis for his 6th of the season.
saw it a midnight screening dude. No way I was missing it.
Our most popular products are now available in 17 Holiday fragrances. Rejuvenate your skin with the Midwest Bath Salt Company.
It's Easter! If someone never goes-they go then.
OMG ITS
No, lol Kansas doesn't have much of a music seen. I mostly travel in the Midwest.
going to see Lane Kiffin, John Robinson and Pat Haden speak in San Francisco tonight. Hopefully they actually say something interesting.
my flat butt will never be in velvet brown pants on a treadmill, or in real life. oh you asian cuties yahoo cuttteeee.
What a fabulous holiday weekend with my peeps and Kelsey Jo! Its been a blast!!!!
Wass good young hoe; you about it.
In case #ThankYouRachael trends I want my tweets to be up there! #DC #shamelessselfpromo ;)
The eyes will see what you want to see and the ears will hear what you want to hear but the heart feels what is real:~}
LMAO!!! RT : I swear Matt Barnes is El DeBarge's secret son...
I just ran 345 feet at a time of 7:43:08 using Run Keeper, Nike-Something and GPS.
One has to embrace the world like a lover, and yet demand no easy return of love
another good choice would be our Glam Lipstick in 'Red Carpet'!
A job posting crossed my desk today that had the requirement for a potential candidate to "receive 10 or more pokes per day." Really? -__-
Where is my elephant ring? I lost my elephant ring. And now it's all I want to wear.
But even a Macguffin can have significance.
you know how i di
Today I sat in a chair and stapled my shoe back together at work.
Savoring THE VAULT by the amazing Ruth Rendell. Reg Wexford rules, even in retirement.
Gabe - Tim Williams, and I are truly sorry that the ruined the Fenway 100th last night
It'll be later in April...and we'll dish about it soon! PROMISE! So excited to have you!
miss u guys already and kyle =) lol
Good for you, Nori! You're moving ahead and quickly! I wish you the best! Have a great evening!
I got it off their Facebook it's 1-866-645-9100(:
Dieting is a long-term project. The slow-steady process works!
|#quotes Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
At least this weekend is supposed to be nice.
what's the dates of the album release party? I'll keep posting for ya!
I think you'll get a login when reg table opens up, I think.
So Matt jus called me big daddy jus for a chair
When are they pushing around the margarita cart? :)
I know ur excited but live in the moment! Enjoy ur last few days bc I promise 1 day ul wish u cld go back! :) live it up!
If You Know Better, You'll Do Better..!!
- would love for Philly to whoop the B's. Danny B is still the man.
Anger accomplishes nothing but to inflict pain on a defenselss person demands a reaction and anger comes to you.
I meant....lol...what class are you gonna roll?! Lol
Facebook was just starting as a media the last time I was on the air. It sure is the new radio pacifier.
If you LOVE #XFactor we have one hour until the results. I'll follow everyone who follows me.
Feeling under the weather, but looking forward to today's opportunities.
lol did u want it??
island of the blue dolphins is more girly and still islandy.
Happy new year suck it is every one ok .
Steven a just put on a "I heart " shirt … I never thought I'd see the day
Exciting! I never win anything. I would have personally gone for the Bacon, but anticipated the market to demand Rothko. Bingo.
I feel fat.
(c) wht time it was going to be and then they are going to to an interview with fly 92.3..they said sometime in(c)
coo just let me know whats up
Great Review! Always thought these guys never got the cred that they Deserved!
Not for nothing but shouldn't cyclists have to register their bikes and putting money towards bike lanes, instead of drivers/walkers.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet most of my followers.
gonna get on that g-code status cuhh.
Pretty sure I just saw a cop that was running radar n she was sleeping instead...
I am probably the only person on the planet that would get excited about a junky flip phone.
just saw "Good Deeds" I LOVED IT. Thank u for ur thoughtfulness both on camera & off! You inspire me!
Thank u. how are you?
“Building a design culture” Brad Colbow,
The Raid: Redemption. Stop what you're doing and go see it now. Now that's how you off people!
Who's here?? Tweet me :D
Ever had one of those moments when you discover you've been listening to the same song on repeat, but have no idea how long it's been plyng?
Snell Library will be offering FREE MASSAGES in the lobby on Dec 12th & 13th from 12-2pm to help relieve stress from finals!
I found out he just produced Beyonce's new CD...A guy told my dad last night!
Everyone's PREGNANT !
Sitting in burger king with alannis and jazmyn.
haha I'm good G! Just working wsup with you tho...you still playing ball?
I'll say it again: it seems pure crazy that a bit.ly link copied from Twitter is automagically converted to t.co on copy-and-paste.
i wish i could just sleep all today .. but whatever its worth the $$
#69Factsaboutme 19. I want snake bites.
Jeff Weaver's brother just threw a no-hitter..
60 followers away from 500! Thanks for following, but I think we can get there soon! Spread the word! :)
"And when its over and its done, you almost wish you could you could have the bad stuff back, so that you could have the good too."
amazing speech! He's invigorated and in it to win it!!
Wake up all you baby sleepy heads
Off to for Learning & Libations (aka networking :)
Can't wait until Wednesday.
RT : Q2) we will learn from the learners because they can finally share their ideas
oh, those duodecimos are for me!
nothing like a #pizza and a beer to help you unwind after a long week. see you soon!
Yesterday was the perfect Austream lol. It was hilarious.
i guess they're trying to say they're renegades of the food biz... but they're prolly just fat
Hey Is anyone getting Pay vid's/ and the 7 Phone Ad?
always! And you're pretty great too. :)
If anyone buys Hungry Catepillar for a kid, I guarantee that kid already has 5 copies. It's some kind of recursive paradox.
& saggy pants & coolness: apt metaphor for our future attitude as a profession?
jealous as HELL!!!
I wanna go home!!!
that's not my name...
New Follower hey boy hey
I picked your two favorite (to look at) golfers this week
Talk is cheap blahh
I'm way too sober to deal with this many people singing Sweet Caroline outside my window all night.
I wonder do my ex ever think about me even though I shouldn't think about it
Following to get to know you.
doing great!!! How and where are you? I'm doing Pearl Fishers in Detroit right now :)
Been reading a lot of "Highlights"?
I never break our or get pimples thank god.
Woody and John are turning 22 this week!
We are endorsing Maurice Classen for Seattle City Council pos. 1. Adjourned. Thanks for following!
Last time we lost game 1, we won the rest. Oh look...
Good morning. I'm an analog man trapped in a digital world. Smh
me *raises hand*
Did you get your record signed? #CharlesBradley = super-nice guy!
Terrified for 1140am tomorrow
Thanks! I'm actually feeling much better now!
i shouldve been born in the UK
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 16
You can't usually get a retroactive injunction (just damages), and workarounds can help prevent a future one.
yes!! It's really exciting I'll give you all the details on our 6 hour plane ride to LAS VEGAS in 3 days!!!
Thank you
thanks Chris. Hope you enjoyed the review!
only problem w/ comments re #Castro is that #Cubans in #Miami have money.
Completely with you on this!! Loving yourself is the first step to attaining a healthy body...
Want to try a new cabin cocktail try the Ginger Screwdriver. An alternative to a bloody mary.. it's the new morning cocktail!
Emotional roller coasters<<
Record numbers flock to play in UAE Golf Clubs in the United Arab Emirates have been celebrating the increasing popularity of the sport i
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 22
I agree! It was predictable until the end which I loved! Also really annoyed with the love thing. It's weird
We'll be at this Tuesday.... Hope to see some of you there!
People are so sketchy. Bleg.
This is starting to get weird..
If love isn't a game, why are there so many players?!?! --- The INSANE Cousins
words and suffer noble sorrows.
Thank you for helping make #nycwff so great this year!
& the best #xmas gift would be if #Pottermore was open to the public
I always say the worst enemy is yourself.
Massive Attack 💣
♫Corner Story♫
I've activated that code again as well! Let us know if you still have trouble finding it!
Fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe.
that would be awkward O_o and hilarious
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 29
UPDATE: I have now fired as my spiritual advisor & agent and hired MY DUUDE What up famo!
cant you come after world of fun?
Day gone by, and what do I have to show for it? Too few emails sent and one Apps Script written.
He was protesting what he says is a corrupt BCS system of selecting the teams.
Haters will hate but that gives you strength
or whatever you wanna call it. Haha so at school today in everyone of my classes we pretty much did nothing but watch the tournament on tv
S/O to & for following. whats new guys?
That's 121% true!(:
Walking on flat ground and still managing to trip.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
thought: Taxes, are the dues that we pay for the privileges of membership in an organized society. -Roosevelt, Franklin D. ...
Thanks for the #FF, We love your twitter feed, as well. Keep the good stuff coming.
I need some new sunglasses...I'll wear then during the day and at night!
Pretty sure my dog is going to give birth sometime tonight. Ah, new puppies & I get to keep one! :)
oh, no! Is it because of all the closing Mass ave. business?
Small business in Albuquerque is getting a boost at the South Valley Economic Development Center and their Open House today - 2-5pm
christmas is almost here, you know what that means. BIITTCCHHHEESSS. i mean presents, i had my holidays mixed up.
Silent mute button, Inadvertently switched to Dev/nul, still functions
Pay day >>> #MakingMoney!
I'm daring enough to go to SHA, foolish enough to be presenting, what's the dress code, just out of curiosity? Jeans & nice shirt?
#YouKnowItsOn when i close and lock the door(;
yea, me too! i don't know what I will do without music. rain on me by pitbull and marc anthony
Happy birthday
Who are these people, and why do they keep sending me email?
Lexi, Cousin Kayleigh, & I are belting out "We Are Young" , you'd be so proud :)
I'm impressed with what the Browns did last night.....so far I grade them "B". At least they didn't fuck it up.
that is amazing!! where is this?
Nestl&amp;eacute; Purina voluntarily recalls single lot of therapeutic canned cat food Analytical testing of the product sample indicated
awesome!! :) :) It's so nice to find #GF options at great restaurants, isn't it!? :) Have a happy week :)
I want some ice cream tho
And our last bonus point is: share your favorite adventure from our Savor South Madison Scavenger Hunt!
I will! and thank you but you are so much prettier (:
What a romantic idea. Love it. : HTML is the DNA of the web. via
If you live in the twin cites and aren't reading streets.mn, you should.
That makes two of us.
<======= This niggah rite here, is high af at the moment.
angry birds. E got me hooked.
HEY your future husbands are right here.
Ha! RT Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna...
An already stellar evening, turbocharged by the fantastic appearance of Jeru the Damaja.
#Twitter is less complicated from my #android. Thank you app maker.
yes, state officials can be prosecuted by ICC. under int. law diplomatic immunity can't be claimed as an excuse for war crimes
County computer upgrade temporarily shuts down bookings, courts information - Herald Zeitung
Sitting in the city bored..
Same here! Hustlin hard and laughing at the hurdles ;-P
not too bad, just hopped into bed. And you?
When leaders have proved unwilling or unable to defend the public interest a social movement becomes vitally important."...
Just watched a crow with white wing feathers fly past my window.
you know who he is right :P lol ?
-grilled chicky salad w/ balsamic & gorgonzola @ Sammy's. Delish!
Right on. We'll look forward to meeting you!
I have all the Glee songs :,)
Shawty got a donk, call her Vince Carter.
I've never been to a lakers game though
nicely done
If I could just spend 5 minutes with my life would be complete <3
Gym yesterday, hike in #GriffithPark today...yeah, I'm good and ready to hurt myself at somebody's table.
omg I know. So much happened so fast I think I can write a book on multiples. wants me to start a blog
Can I get a what what?!
I have by far THE WEIRDEST phone conversations with
Here's our first tweet! Enjoy!
So far Browns have best pics in draft through first round.
. any actual living and breathing continental philosopher and not a cross-dressing ordinary analytic
Judge asks #Huguely defense for a doctor's note about illness causing delays.
Rob one of my biggest dreams it to talk to you so will you follow me and just like say hey or somethin please
Bob Taylor liked the film! Spent a fantastic day and night with Bob.
So the show #Awkward was a smash. And the show #SMASH is awkward.
Finally finished editing photos in my shop. Though I might need to retake some. You can see 3 styles from 3 apts in 3 states.
might not go to school today
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: It is a luxury to be able to play poker. Always see it as the luxury it is and do not feel entitled to anything.
Omg christian and kyle. That just made my day hahhahahahahah
GOT some beats for u to rock on ,,,ima rowl in qv some time this week with majestic ill holla when i touch base bruh
Just fired you a email. Hit me back when you have time.
"I'll have a mediumly regular." -me trying to order coffee this morning #caseofthemondays things haven't really improved..
1st degree murder is (1) an unlawful killing (2) of a human being (3) intentionally (4) by another person (5) with malice.
I hope you saw my tweet :) We ♥ you Juliann!
Why are you singing watches? I am confused. What are they for? Please answer :)
Game day at BRCC is Saturday at BRCC! Be there! Women at 1 and men play at 3!!
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." --Sir Ken Robinson
Thanks! Such a wonderful compliment. The paper has a lot more than the talk esp about how one might approach this. Love to talk more.
lets do hard shit today. =)O
Sabres on a roll!!!
Wedding Planning Ideas Which are Easy To Carry out by baliwedding
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth! So help me!!!!!!
and vice versa.
I hate when people tweet stuff like "If this gets 50 RTs Gagas flawless" Well is flawless no matter how many RTs ur tweet gets
are you getting excited for your shower this weekend? Can't wait!! Wedding is right aroung the corner!
Switch btw map view and satt view on Google Maps. Map shows prop lines, satt shows sidewalk. Prop line is further back.
Spring2012 Enrollment begins today for Graduate, Medical, and 3rd & 4th yr professional students. See student ctr for your exact appointment
Watch! Your thoughtsbecome words. Words become actions. Actions become habits. Habits become character. Character becomes your destiny.
It's been a long time since I slapped anybody. I did get into some fights in middle/highschool. None of them were fun or gratifying.
Don't you just love when you show 9 year olds a YouTube video and they can't stop quoting it all day -.-
email them, they are surprisingly nice and responsive. maybe you ran out?
Great weekend at The Swelling goes 3-1. Next year we play on Sunday...
Woot! Thanks, Kevin, for yet another fun visit!
with beamy in the car shop,m trying to get her all fixed ):
just got in da crib cuz.
in the army and in Memphis baha
Snowing hard in Westchester NY. My 3-year old son is over the moon with delight. Hard to be crabby like I would have been any other year.
Can't build a title team around McGee. No way RT Should the Nuggets pay big money to keep JaVale McGee? I say yes. Your thoughts?
Miss the #NASCAR favorites of my youth, Davey Allison and Alan Kulwicki
What's up guys? If you haven't heard, is now playing guitar for D1C. Give him a follow and tell him he's handsome. RT RT RT
Duhh now i can harass you here two
I swear I hate these niggas out here. I fucking promise you I do.
i LOVE it there!!!!!
Let's do it!
for school???
Happy Founder's Day
I love my boots. thanks for helping me make the right choice.
WOW. You could have gone faster on your board.
dude that movie is amazing. Its all insanely true and all insanely awesome
Trust issues.
“Only when I'm dancing can I feel this free.” -Madonna
