thats really good to hear ! keep up the hard work on that education and football : ) i always believed in you kevin : D
Wow it's snowing pretty nicely outside! :)
I was a Starbucks drinker for 6years until now. I can't honestly attest to no stains but it tastes great w/o the coffee breath
Tuesday morning. You're no Saturday but I guess you'll do.
Anyone else see the Facebook ProfileVisitor app?
I have the latest information since I was the last class in Boston. Janet Kraus is an EIR at #HBS and has had 2 successful exits.
to see how we're doing in class I think...probably just to check on Catie:)
It's the little things that annoy us the most. Start addressing them. You'll be surprised with what happens...
Canelo Alverez remember this name! He is the fucking truth and one of my favorite fighters!! Love to see Cotto vs Alverez
Catch the f#ckin ball!!!!!!
I'm tired of being the guy on the fuckin couch!?
"there's a great move called 'pull the groin' IT HURTS!" obviously we are playing dance central
...a little confusing unless you say something to tie it in - like if it reminds you of a scene from the book or a character?
Does this mean that I'll never look good again?
i promise to finish soon
white supremacy ftw! : Intersectionality is out of the gates early!
Thanks for following me! Hope you enjoy my artworks!
Start up valuations are at an all time high.
HEEY!! :)  mind following back? It would mean SO MUCH!! 
yo yo fam! find some time to follow us. We funny as fuck
I think I wanna take a nap hm
Thanks Amy! MT : thanks for doing all you do! Props to for some fabulous work lately!
I love how the jar says use by March 2013. Like it's going to last past the end of this sentence.
Waffle House is trending on Twitter, and now I want waffles. Bacon, too.
Hawaii bound. Currently being welcomed on board with a rousing pan-flute rendition of "sweet child of mine"...can't make this stuff up
ops not mc conrad but my homeboy who had a heart attack.
You can always dream, and your dreams will come true, but you have to make them come true.
The Funny or Die! extended clip is even better, and brave.
family from Detroits over...pretty interesting,
"People will forgive a man with a beautiful wife if he seems sufficiently surprised" - the new yorker, in reference to Sarkozy
Note on door: "I found you to be very unapproachable and offered no assistance. I will never use this law library again."
Damn! Oh well, awesome World Cup, USA Women's Soccer Team.
Right. That's what was confused in my memory. I knew he wore something and remembered someone wearing a big pad.
doesnt need to turn his swag on, cause it was never off. ;)
Thanks for sharing with your followers!
What a douche.
OMG myh mom told me I have a gay cuzen :0
Yes agreed. Not to mention the plethora of Kevin Nguyens... Embrace your uniqueness! :)
who created the lyric artwork that played behind u during ur set just now in VA? Love u guys!
good imma pass :)
wait til u get these cavs and get a whiff of em
I feel like I used to be significantly funnier in my younger years.
#JohnnyDepp "Depp Perception" design is available this Tuesday, March 27th at by for only $10 RT to win free tee
I stay very Happy when replied me!! bahaha*-*'.
Hey out there! I'm running low on the tweets because I'm low on time but stoked to see the group growing! www.thegreatproduct.com/dougnsonib
It always sucks when you yell 'oh' when a song u like comes on radio FORGETTING ppl are in car & they just saw you turn up Michael Bolton
Casually tumbling in the front lawn, where you at
Wow. That is not cool. I'm sorry people are jerks.
Guess I fuck with ratchet ass niggas 
Well the original drumer died but that was awhile ago.
Congratulations Luis Gomez on the 5th anniversary of your SECOND franchise plan with Jan-Pro Cleaning of Sacramento. Keep growing with us!
you were home , you shoulda recorded it ! but okay I'll be up in a min
If you follow us I'll give you a cookie ! is that tempting or what?(:
eat where :o im confused!
Happy Leap Day!!
best 3:30 minutes ever! my ex will be mad when he read this ;)
You are my info ninja. Thanks!
It would be nice if you did (: lol
Baby got humps n dem leggins
Wait. I take that back. I think being out of school has screwed up me knowing what day of the week it is. ;)
RT : These Directv cause & effect commercials are fukn hilarious!
I turn to Twitter to upload a tweet that I couldn't make a Facebook status
Just starting the diet planning I'll share my results
You cannot lead where you do not go. -Keynote
Find out how you can win a trip for two to the WPT Celebrity VIP Invitational tournament! www.utinyrl.com/wpt
follow me on GifBoom! I have 0 followers and this is alot of fun xD username is msnancyy :)
do you guys have parking close proximity, Im getting the groupon
get off twitter
Second chances don't come often. When they do, give it all you got!
hahaha not sure if that's legal. Thanks you're awesome too!
Populists? No, Pope-ulists.
#HighBloodPressure Ground Turkey Recall : 36 Million Lbs . Ground Turkey Recall : 36 Million Lbs . , Among Largest Recalls Ever
Is it just me or are Eli Manning's shoulder pads bigger than most QBs. He is a baller tho.
Exactly one month until Summer >>>
lemme hear some - "So Many Girls"
nice talking to you, bye !!!!
With in my home! Rascing pepe on the sofa!! And now..... #onething LOL
It. Is. Snowing.
yeah bro check your email just hit u back
I hate how twitter jus randomly unfollow ppl
Give us a shout-out if you're loving our offer!
RT Stupid bitch
We can't help but recommend the Letter Writing Social. It's going to be fun and letter-y.
know the feeling...you think you have time to get the mindset of teaching then you all of a sudden have to jump in. Good Luck!
haha I just saw this :)
awesome! good job! 👍👍
I was thinking the same thing.. weird shit
Speak bro! If they persecuted Jesus, what makes you think they won't persecute us?... But we are protected by the blood.
I love catching up with old friends. It makes me realize I need to do it so much more.
Great 1st day so far! In training for the first 3 days. Thx.
I watched Duck Dynasty last night. Now I know why likes it...haha
Glad to hear that you're finding success! Folks with anti-charities definitely tend to have higher success rates.
hey, I hope you're doing well :)
Hmm, hopefully people will actually go there. A blog might require more upkeep than desired.
Good morning! Happy Hump day!
we're they gettin bushy? I'm gettin my nails and brows done tonight son 💅💆💋
Not our finest moment, but funny RT All Oklahoma politicos need to watch tonight's Daily Show!!!!
Re: permanence, I also had the thought that I hope their metadata is robust, because this will age badly
Wondering when hard drives will become obsolete.
When teachers don't take up homework < its not like I stayed up til 1 doing it or anything...
I know! Seans picking me up from the airport and back to our old house to get my stuff n have some tea and then onto a new start!
I don't have an iPhone!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that lies about everything
Concluding 2 day #IgniteSelling session with #WeightWatchers in Toronto ~ This sales team rocks!
Italian cruise ship captains be trippin'
The pilot #mediation program for #TRO cases at #Honolulu District Court is working great. Do you know of similar programs elsewhere?
Happy Friday Eve...Looking forward to the weekend?
Tillamook, Walla Walla, wild Alaska, Rogue River, Yukon, Oregon Rain. A NW dream? NOPE It's Burgerville! Eat there 3/29. % sales to UW
Bomb squad emergency vehicles just passed me heading west on Santa Monica.
I AM teaching Tues PM but not Tues AM. Peace out.
Fakeness just doesn't sit right with me .
Ready for the last day of my Digital Curation class and creating a 6-month action plan based on what I've learned.
R u still there?
lay on your back and let your eyes find the star, you be my venus, love is jupiter, i'm your mars. we gonna turn this bedroom into the sun
Your Killing me on Words with Friends
We be right behind Hey Cupcake!
Reading "JavaScript: The Definitive Guide." One. Page. At. A. Time.
is feeling hopeful, enthusiastic, and like it's time for waffles. Wake up Scott! Wake up! Waffles!
Dirk hoisted the Finals MVP, but was he the best of the entire postseason?
TY for the hotel tips. We can't wait to get to Vegas!
haha! Nicely done!
me too dude me toonothing better than a bunch of zombies,vampires and aliens out.....forget costumes we can be ourselves!
Happy #WW - great wines and wineries!
“: What that rozay & usher jawn sounding like?”<~~~~GREAT
Who is your hero (or personal role model, if you will)?
Never make a permanent decision on temporary feelings
you live in ny?
that'd be even more akward :o
RT : Just met at this auburn festival
Not many options, it seems.
hey sweetie yes i moved it to saturdays shi lee is still doing his thing at his house but i had to grab a prime time date.
#HappyMothersDay ESpecially To The Single Mothers
You can never have too many pics! :)
I'm tryna act like I don't wanna be with you, like I would be OK if you just walked away.
Do speakers need to buy tickets too or are they included? Should we get tickets now even if we submitted presentations?
How you doin???
Hey Guys Im Bored So Ask Me Questions So I Can Make A Question Video For Youtube (:
can't wait until I'm older
Sadly what I remember most clearly abt the LA riots: most of the 9th grade used them as an excuse to cut class and "protest" outside
ha! None
It's like an online Harry Potter world. You go through the books, get sorted into a house and collect stuff along the way.
- hungry? dare I ask. HA!
Jordan is going to put a scoreboard up on the site so its easy to see whose in the lead ;-)
Clearing will continue. Nice day tomorrow, but a slight chance of rain on Tuesday. Temps warm up Wed through end of week into the 80's
So I watched "American Horror Story" for the 1st time tonight and my house just doesn't feel the same lol. I'm about to have a heart attack.
April showers...
Please follow me(: 14
Had a really bad panic attack last nite. Woke up didnt know what happened. Billy had 2 give me med 2 calm me down and breathe. Feel real ...
I saw Eli, Nicks, Cruz, Peirre-Paul,n more yae!!!!!! =D such an. L
yeah, kept a lot of it simple. the challenge was finding certain pts to use to jump to next song (bc it wasn't pre-planned at all).
The hardest thing in life is letting go what yu thought was REAL
haha I kno ! Its alright there will be other times we had fun though were loose!
My universe will never be the same, I'm glad you came.
My coffee hand is strong.
If you see 30 people wearing black, standing on a corner in Manhattan, chances are it's an Armory shuttle stop.
Great move by the Diamondbacks on getting Jason Kubel.
What time is this big lotto drawing?
Once ran into Rick Pitino at a golf course. Dude could sell a pumpkin to an engineer.
member when we were all talking about fun things to do an I said bowling would be cool
I think there should be a new wave of life coaches whose speciality is just holding your hand. That's it.
Just completed an endoscopic laser surgery on patient from Canada. Patient was wide awake during the surgery and no pain.
influenza > NBC overdose > hangover > marriage
ugh, I hate practice.
Ppl who show out <<<<
who's the guy that plays the piano?? I can't think of it and its driving me nuts. Is it bobby v
He really doesn't know how much he means to just me. Ehh.):
i think so
There is a joy I get in giving. But when my heart tells me I am the Only one giving, I walk away.
im checked out
The baby boy was cute tho c:
Previous winner!! RT : RT : 5 followers away from a #GEEBZ giveaway! Follower picked at random. Help us get there!
Ikkkk it was so boring lol
Looking for NYC office? Shared space over looking Union Square $990 p/m inc utilities & wifi
Next on stage is Gudjon Mar from doing a presentation on prototyping a sustainable world
Amazing play by Inge. This regular season won't end. On to extra innings.
ewww I know
Thanks! I did not know of them!! :-)
!!!! :) RT : Thanks to for being awesome people, and hooking it up for the homies.
our t-shirt design & logo is an exclusive design. if that doesn't make you want to buy one- i don't know what will!
Do you have Twitter lists? If no, do you know how creating lists can strengthen your relationships on Twitter? Ask me how.
That too! #showushowyouNSO " how about at NSO full staff training?"
The volcano in Iceland has reduced air traffic to levels not seen since 9/11
Sound great at great rates
Still waiting for you*******
Nice! You have a couple months before Fitmapped hits the west coast! REPRESENT!
This day isn't looking up! It's all good tho
Figure quoted from
RCRD Roc Stars 85 vs H.A.R.D Nuclear Knockouts 63 at the half
Welcome to Kansas City, hope you enjoyed our newest Casino!
Adios 1950s front door hello gorgeous new one
Glad you're back on twitter. Can't wait to see you freak people's minds in the NBA.
great...would love your thoughts
The section on irony in the introduction to the Aesthetics part I is proof that Hegel hated hipsters before it was cool.
o i c u guys
I was proud to be a part of the Dearborn County Democratic Party's tribute to former Rep.Bob Bischoff tonight. A true public servant
Last UCLA-themed tweet, I promise. If Westbrook had had that mid-range jumper for UCLA in '08, they win the national championship.
It's not that I didn't mean what I said, it's that what I said wasn't mean enough.
I didn't ask your life story, I just asked for head. Damn!
It scares us doggies too
Comic Smash, I am in you. :p
Ugh my sleeping schedule has been so messed up over spring break.
Interviewing LA #makeupartists this week! Send people my way!
sounds like we may have an idea for our next online action. :-)
I know right?! All i want are some awesome chinos..is that too much to ask?! #Mylifeissohard!
If musicians get to have boards on pinterest, then do visual artists get to have audio recordings on spotify?
what up, killa?
Pike County is under a TORNADO WARNING until 5:45 p.m. Tracking the storm on
thanks for thaa recognition :) & yes i have missed you...
thank you so much! That means a lot!! :)
If you live in #ward3 #ward4 #ward5 or #ward7 I could use your vote THIS Sat. 3/3 at UDC Van Ness as I'm running to be a delegate to the DNC
.I will
How’s my site look on that bad boy?
#ows has always had reform & revolution camps and while I fall into the latter I encourage mutual respect between all of the 99%
& as long as comm initiatives (in program areas OR comm dept) arent explicitly funded, they risk getting sidelined.
I'll be there-excited to check out #FirstFriday and see 's great artwork displayed!
Absolutely! Hope your weekend is incredible! Great music taste btw
Ugh! 30 minutes looking for the unlimited MTA card that was given to me! #f'inglost
Metro Fair Hikes: because you just aren't paying enough for "suck" cc:
“: “: You took a minute to reply, so I'll take a minute and a half.” only bitches do that shit 😒” I guess I'm a bitch. 😃
We would love a new team! Bring it!
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. ~Truman Capote
aghh that's too far for me to drive. nvmd then lol
Today, the kindly desk fairy left me yesterday's newspaper.
Goodmorning my 9 followers on Twitter, it's such a glorious Sunday to be in the number 1 more time! Computer Research Lab here I come!
soon #olympic bosses will make fans derobe before walking into venues if they are wearing non-olympic sponsors.
#LiamsVoiceIsMoreSexualThanBeyonces omg i love this fandom :)
It's nothing like Hanging. That's the worst game of the bunch by far. I like Scramble even better than Words w/Friends.
#NeverShouldYouEver leave your good girlfriend for your one night stand just cus she wouldn't give you play.
HBO tonight: Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony featuring the Beastie Boys
#ThatSexThat you know shes not as innocent as you thought!!
Nestor: Are you at the O's game today?!
Thanks! Looking forward to it!
hey Seattle folks, do any of you know a good chiropractor in town?
I'm going to sleep Kelli.! See You tomorrow.! I love You Monster <3
knows he uses another language
why hasn't Obama admin prosecuted these #banksters? because they're all clients of the Attorney General's firm?
Do ppl still wear Afro's......1972
When you thought you knew someone & it turns out they are a complete head case. We don't care about your problems. I suggest
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 81
So, the fiction finalists were Swamplandia, DFW's uncompleted manuscript, and a Denis Johnson novella that was originally published in 2002.
Once again I will take #OWS seriously when they give back and publicly ostracize any/all support fr Communist & Nazi parties of USA
S/O to my bestfriend in the whole wide world She decided to blow up my phone in 8th period with 72 messages.
broken swamp cooler. how am i supposed to sleep?!
what's going on
Spell restaurant n..gga R.I.P patrice o'neil
We are settling into our new office in Hunt Valley. Unpacking day! bit.ly/NLMoving
I don't understand but i will just go with it ... ;D
thanks! And , we are alive and well in this twitter world.
trying 2 find a move
gracias. The flight back was terrible though
thank you thank you thank you!
Hahaha! I LOVE that one! Thank you my glorious angel!!!! :)
Lunch. :) RT : Today's special is Blackened Salmon Caesar Salad. We also have Southern Fried Chicken, Meat Loaf, & BBQ Pork Chop.
John Gruden looks like Mrs. Doubtfire.
Look for our new webpage coming soon @ www.sandiacourtyardhotel.com ... Happy Holiday to one and all!
those days are over...
Good thing we have one of the largest stores in the country and its made out of cement! It is so nice in here!
SIX DAYS NO CIGARETTES :-)
Curious about Ebooks? PPL will shed light on these curious contraptions: Friday [6/24] 12-1:30p in the Rines! Demos & experts on hand!
Happy Groundhog Day! "Don't forget your booties, cuz it's cold outside!"
nothing just bored n u :)
haha and I didn't even say hi! The panera parking lot is my "office"
Follow us at Local Business Leads online. TJ
then he'd be dead. He was very grateful for what I did.
HubSpotters may bleed HubSpot-orange, but the SCVNGR team is going to be painted in it
are you still sleeping? :)
makes me wanna bring an extra pair haha.
I love it you too use the I-pad... I returned mine... Not a touch screen guy! Oh and the finger prints doesn't help OCD! :)
Jam Session At The Grand Bohemian Orlando, Florida 8-11
Today is stupid.
is there a place that collects Sitecore modules both free and pay?
No sacrifice No victory
No matter what we breed We still are made of greed This is my kingdom come This is my kingdom come
My republican chef has banned political discussion in the kitchen today. He's in the minority here btw- Y do these guys all behave the same?
Injustice could be removed, but human clashes and natural restrictions cannot be eliminated.
Out buying some polo swag!
yes, i have more guy friends than girl friends. no, that doesn't make me a whore.
we can have like a moment you know.
"Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH.
Hi Tim! I thoroughly enjoyed your view/ approach to wine pairings in your article @ Huffington Post. Thanks for the insight!
Sure is Hell going thru the 7 phases of divorce,painting staying health and yoga ,arobics, kids baby sit,live create ,make a new world wow b
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 75
I was referring to Kathleen, sorry for mix-up.
SOPA legislation (which would essentially make prison-bound felons of anyone embedding a YouTube clip) -< not good at all
you need Auntie to put you up on some real sushi.
“: I got king kong in my trunk” I know you do!!!! Lol🙇
": Michael Jordan, or whomever makes the money from the sale of those shoes is a #Parasite"<-----that's the truth
that's the spirit! thanks so much :)
Nice eye Russell!! C'mon Jeet!!!!
yeah I don't know I'm only 12!
I am interested in follow4follow? do you or no? If you need more follows try the site on my profile :)
Staring into your camera and tweeting? I dig it.
I'm here! What are your lunch plans?
Stumbled up on this idea I started a while back in Logic...uh oh!! Lol
Tropical Addiction Thursdays with the best in Soca, Dancehall, and Hip Hop happens right now!
i always miss first fridays in #ROC maybe ill make it next month!
Headed to the studio to shit all on ya mixtape....Naw literary SHIT ALL ON YOUR MIXTAPE!!!!
Yep, we're trying.
haha what song
Saturday no cover until 9:30 ,Orquesta Zone D'Mambo and Daniel Boom Dj in the mix and Drink Specials every 30 minutes. So VIVA MEXICO !!
hi darling how are you doing these days? It's been a while. Hope you're well and having fun with those presentations in your head
You cant help nobody who dont wanna be helped
Stop being so Niggarant!
Watchin' the Mets play a team more anept than them! Can they find a way to lose this one folks?
I hope everyone has a beautiful day!!
best memory of last year was having the entire mk9 development team there for the whole tournament
thanks for sharing
on 2nd pot of caff... i think my eyes stopped blinking...
It's those blue candles...
Fun day! Tomorrow is my last day at avalon!
they will someday man
I imagine you saying that like the animated Guinness pitchmen of yore.
Tip: During a race, start more slowly than your goal pace and gradually build up to it.
i'm about to scold my parents on being home an hour late. if that was me, i'd be dead. you're not teaching me a good lesson.
No one wants to be on food stamps but everyone has to eat.
Matt Kemp just went young Andruw Jones in center. What a play. Great game tonight
Him [Jesus] we proclaim, warning everyone & teaching everyone w/ all wisdom, that we may present everyone mature in Christ! Col 1:28
work what is right in your life, and work harder on what is not.
Jon Major with an amazing tackle nearly taking off the RB's head
eww no you don't want to see my ugly mug!
Captive is number one and Waves is close second. I also love spineless. Well all the songs, I can't really choose<3
Morning it's day job time!!! I am blessed and headed for success!!
I liked you before Teen Hoot, but now I LOVE you. <3
Yep, deposit transactions adding up all around. At least we're only paying one school, unlike with the applications!
hahahha yea I was gonna say lol
Back in the office after a lovely vacation. Fresh coffee to hand, 403 messages in my inbox; obtaining shovel now. Charge!
A baby just crawled into my dressing room. Little perv. Haha.
don't go taking someone else's food
lmao hell ya he was tasty, why did he say something or was I just obvious! Lol
do you have any current events or tours at $30 or less per couple? Thanks!
I want revenge.
": Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order. ~Samuel Beckett"yes yes! Thanks Prince:)
4 pitch walk? Nice eye.
New Boyz are killing it right now onstage!
When Your In Love Everyday Feels Like The Perfect Day ♥ `
Wait... it's Tuesday? Damnation!
Oh boo...My sweet Honey BooBoo Child...I WAS NOT CALLING YOU A DOUCHE! lol
After tonight
One more meeting this afternoon for work and then I'm off to collect my Kia Optima Hybrid!
crunch gym in Chevy chase it's a lot of fun
That picture is crazy!
You are now rockin with the blessed!! #LEGGO !
I'm attending WOMMA Summit 2010: Creating Talkable Brands - Next Practices
they feel fine maybe it was just the photo?? Agh indecision !!!
THANKX FOR THE FOLLOW
Welcome to my life.
Gilfs love me
Tonight hosts and plays a showcase of sorts with comedy from and solo set. doors 8 show 9
Best comment from a Shocker fan regarding watching the KU game tonight; "I have a Patrick Swayze film festival to watch." haha
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould sent over $100,000 underrepresented students to study abroad through FEA Scholarships.
We need more curators who focus on bringing diversity to the Baltimore art scene
Listening to Bassoon music. It makes me feel both fancy and pompous, which are the two best ways to feel.
“: Oh, you drink smart water? You must shine with intelligence.” that's us.
Its so full filling when a client is genuinely satisfied with your service and will recommend you to her colleagues. Thank you Gay Carroll.
And so begins the one day a year when I stay off of the Internet because half of it is fake.
$7 gut box and Large drink at Guthrie's. Only w/ a
Just back from JDRF YLC Meeting and... Some believe the Type 2 #diabetes epidemic distracts from Type 1 research. Thoughts?
Why Dave Mustaine? Why?!?!?!?!
Best. Marvel Flick. Ever!
you put (c) but I didn't get another tweet! & same. I met some pretty amazing Mahomies on here.
hey kaelyn here subscribe to my tweets to get teen advice <3 and other tips about relationships
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
Warehouse walls are all painted. Floors are being cleaned, mini tramp is being painted, and the tight wire is getting a 2nd coat tomorrow.
Had the best lunch date with <3
that series finale >>>>>
girl ...still at Cheetah  wt a headache
-__- lord be with you. Lol
RT : i ♥ chocolate dudes w/ thick , dark , god hair :-* oh & dimples . lol--->>> sounds like u describing me lol
lol what if ur not? wat r u gonna do about it?!
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
he come up wit the most random posts....but they make sense tho
Yeah you know me! RT : I just asked my Ma something and she replied, "sho'nuff!" My mom is awesome. She's even down w/ O.P.P. Lma
great news!
I had a great time kicking off the 5k Runway Race this morning with the JFK Rotary Club.
Good morning have a great Thursday
the only free thing I got is love baby...everything else will cost ya ;)
Haven't taken the blue line in a minute
The calm before the storm
I don't get any texts from you?!
Thursday Gold at Lottie's. $6 Georgia Golds w/ an adult beverage!
Thank you Sunshine
Thanks for the retweet.
blah now to work till 7>.>
Wtf dude... Can you talk today?:/
I don't like your avatar
Why is it that only righty Doc reps insist on wearing their white coats when talking #hcr in the TV studio? Normal Docs don't need the prop
I never break a stare no no I will not allow the next person to think I'm weak
np at all i had to let the fans know it was one of the intensity's bday lol
Happy Sunday Funday everyone!
sensorship kinda sucks bro ..
Are any of you The Ready Set fans? Well I get to interview him on Sunday! Send your questions this way!
The faculty and Staff at the Academy would like to wish you all a Merry Christmas and happy holidays!
you betcha. Thanks for raking notice.
I need a little quantity right now.
Wikipedia is supposedly dark, but I can still access the mobile site just fine. Today’s featured article is Nick Drake.
Too bad you couldn't make it last night. It was one of the best we've had. Not saying those two things are connected ... ;->
12... I have a headache... I feel like punching him in the face
(2/2) lemme know so I can give your ticket to someone. Thanks! Hope all is well! ;)
If you were here with me, most Likely I would make you stay up. Just to place the cold pack on my face.
Most pointless project I've ever had .
Top 5 birthday - dinner at ' and Iris. Spicy #hollywood excitement at its best. Love you
If you haven't started organizing your receipts, NOW is the time to do it! Come see me and I can help you with your #taxes! 804 Webster St.
Aw, sweet! So weird from you ;)
well hang soon!
I bought a dog once. Named him 'Sit' "Jump, Sit." He's insane now.. like his brother, Stay.
Easy come, easy go
I have equally firm criticisms for China & the United States. But it is undeniable that West critiques China as if it were sport.
: your mothers bitch
well my table was comped, so I won't be ably to tell you about price. Anything else is fine
Fullerton?! How the heck did I miss this?!?!
OH: "I need to do his man bun"
haha have fun! Such an exciting week for you :D
"...the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations." Rev 22:2
Going to bed early to get up early and see everyone's favorite weird uncle, Vice President Joe Biden.
Law & order #svu has a marathon everyday
At playland seeing some awsome live music!
RT : whenever you make a mistake don't worry about covering it up, God wants to cover you
- Haha How Old Are You.?
A big thanks to everyone who came out to our party last night! We had a great time meeting everyone!
Bill Belamy asked "Who got Jokes?"-- I'm still waiting on my answer. Yes, I have TVone jokes. Shout out to Tom "Thats My Joke Now" Joyner.
you have an amazing voice. We love you. Please follow us?
Moving to NYC is officially set in stone in my head. So,I'm not stopping until I get there ✌
S/o to my latest follower
KK Bitch Have Fun
Also, template for a great BG dunk: jump, insert forearm into neck of opponent, throw them down, then dunk.
im so superman...
hahaha they look better than my fingerpainted Picasso
he doesn't have super powers without his sweater vest on!
"Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught." …
Sex aint always the key, Love first
thank you :) how's life?
U.N. warns on mutant strain of bird flu goo.gl/fb/yI7Mq
I support you biking to work & will give you a wide birth as I pass. But ride in the middle of the road & you're my new hood ornament. Deal?
Well, A&M went down 2 goals then turns on the fire. Game is now tied. Most productive offense in the country finally comes to life.
Laziness is very contagious
Auburn vs Bama and Oregon vs Oregon St.. My day is set
i hate you Damian....
Congrats on your #stache award! We miss you in MKE already--can't wait for 2012 season!
All in attendance tonight to receive free Jack in the Box tacos after score 93 points.
RT": worse then the time I lost my fanny pack #missthemalready" can't be replaced 
not quite yet, but im getting the hang of it! Chair sucked in labor room, but i have a full uncomfortable couch in our new room!
Come Visit One of The Best Hotels in Gwinnett County!!!
Cerus (NASDAQ:CERS) entered into agreements with Ilex Biotech to distribute INTERCEPT for platelets & plasma in South Africa & Israel
Where are you heading to? Somewhere warm and sunny I hope!
Yes. So cute
#ThankYouAustin for helping me believe I dont have to listen 2 any haters & to always dream big & if you do theyll come true x
Who would ever imagine the Fresh Beat Band is a tougher ticket then the Linsanity New York Knicks!
Hey Dylan :)
ugh so bored chicken 24 hashahahahahah fruit cakes
#Fluke azz Shit! ..Just been happening! ..Back to Back!
the new blog is up and running - some thoughts from the swrve crew on the state of the games ecosystem; more on the way.. blog.swrve.com
I have bipolar issues. This morning I'm sad and now I'm happy as ever.
wait... they have souls? Lol you know I am just joking.
just asking , i miss you!
And he shall be Levon. And he shall be a good man.
This is an emotional generation
Did you switch to AT&T? I was planning to go with Comcast because they have a higher usage cap (250GB/mo vs 150GB/mo).
So there's a new qualification flight attendants need these days: #IT support skills--#AA flight attendant successful got my neighbor online
Merry Christmas!!!
Ha! We might think about if you come in :)
my friend was there, he said you did good! :D
seriously got that magenta feeling right now
Hi to new followers
“ this is about the bike messenger by Jimmy's house isn't it?
Go to www.watchnhllive.com the links to all tonights hockey games will be up just register and enjoy the games!!!!
A walk on the weird side
i was invited to do water polo by my pool teacher :cc i don't wanna go
President Obama lays out the blueprint for an America built to last
Thanks! RT : welcome!!! I was wondering when my church was going to show. Ready for #CUMC to trend.
Not Me I Want Him To Be With The Iconic Boyz
Tough face
Fourteen minutes <3
What up boy boy....
A "bar fight" doesn't even begin to describe how ugly this game has been.
RT : I think it can attract people who are more interested in being part of a "happening" than simply being audience.
I haven't seen your life, but now I can send you a birthday card yay
l would stand corrected, but you're sitting so far below me.
Best rappers in the burgh?
Authors/illos of color who won non-ethnic ALA awards: G. Neri, Allen Say, Paul Yee. Plus our own was a Morris finalist.
Can we also ban 2000 words essays on the same thing?
This Bitch gone act like she never loved me, tf you was whooped Nigga
People forget who really is there for them
handed out men's bathroom key.
thanks! We give it out to people who want quotes or want service.Our #, It's our cell phone that doubles for our business!
Help us revolutionize the way that #indie #filmmakers release their content to the world. Join our mailing list. Allowing submissions soon!
I've only been to one, sharks v. blue jackets, but it was the best sporting event I've been to.
cant wait! Can you follow me back? <3
The problem with hiding your real motives is that you're essentially keeping a secret. And that'd s bad news for your brain.
Where are you?
been laying low for a while. Waiting for the weather to warm up.
Thanks for saying hello Lance! What the heck. Lol. I'll let you guys get back to it now.
at least do the under body to keep salt from rusting out the bottom.
Charles II, King of England issued an order outlawing Coffee Houses. He said that they were spots where people met to plot against him.
Newt got a standing O
naw, on my way to the gym on muni
Hit him left shoulder and he went below immediately. Sox TV broadcast in Chi covered it well...
Yuck? No bless me? lol.
alright, whenever our next Metro or HOB show is and our new album is out we should take care of this!
“: Do yourself a favor this weekend and go see starring the talented ...a fellow AZ grad gettin' it done."
No lie, Twitter is the only thing that's keeping me up.
Listening to a really interesting show on lobbyists and congress. 90.9 - Tune in now! nprnews
Just finished Lev Grossman's The Magicians, my 81st read of the year. Good story & writing. Not a bad way to spend last day of 2011.
ill be in louisville, goin just as hard bc I'm surrounded by card fans
Hahaha I should have!!!! That would be a fun picture to have!!!!! :)
RT : The status-quo has lasting power because complacency is very seductive; it's all too easy to rest on laurels. Keep...
Saw Rock n Roll Hall of Fame on HBO. Too sad to see Beastie Boys w/ MCA. Great performances not 2 B missed! Peppers killed!
MY HAIR IS LOSING VOLUME FUUUUUUCK.
Wisdom knowledge and overstanding is the greatest gift ever
followed c:
Drugs I do them bitches I screw them
Well goodnight I tried #MuchLove♥
mother of peril...that'll be to late...I'll be leaving then
Drilling… packages… Santorum… is this some kind of sick, fucked up, political porno?
I need the money, time and patience to cook from-scratch meals everyday. Sending prayers up. LOL!
Ephesians 4:29 Let no corrupting talk come out of your mouths, but only such as is good for building up, as fits the occasion, that it may g
....Bernie Federko would agree with me on this lol!
So true!
We could use more Donald Drivers. Period.
Cannot wait for tomorrow! then with , and - it's gonna get cray cray.
“: Things change, friends leave BUT Life doesn’t stop for anybody.”
Love it! A guitar and fishing pole...nothing beats it! Life is good at Pensacola Beach!
#truth but of course I can't RT you! Quit being so private and cool, gosh
A couple more hours to come down and see us at the #SLCBridalMall. Don't miss out on the amazing wedding ideas and great giveaways!
that is so rad!! :) keep rockin!
Just noticed that "Friends of Weird Life" has a good acronym: "FoWL". Ha!
I feel bad for the #BeastieBoys guy and all, but I wish everyone didn't feel the need to play his music constantly now.
Thanks for the #FF love and I'm now following some pretty cool Boston folk on your recommend list...one of them from my alma mater
that's not what they want you to tweet. they want you to say you are excited for the 2013 Conference USA football season.
I could read 's tweets for hours. :)
May have had best brunch ever.
"Oh, I share your disgust, June."
IF U IN TALLY & WANNA PURCHASE A #DONTKILLMEWITHIT SHIRT HIT UP ONLY SELECTIVE COLORS AVAILABLE FOR MEN & WOMEN!!
I'm hitting you up, bro c: long time, no talk!
Finally find some time to tweet our BREAKING NEWS: entire block of parkland Dr. In verona is evacuated due to a natural gas leak.
Just picked up new print an A/P taboot! Super Stoked.
BJ and Mort are going to Upper 90 before the game. How does that sound? See you there a little after 6?
So many!! But I'm gonna change it up and say Tara- she had so much strength of character!
Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before. - James Buckham
There are always great "finds" in the discount bins!
I'm embarrassing. It's the only way.
I'm really hoping that sign wasn't out in front of a hookah bar.
So excited to hear speak tonight about his book, Instant City!
hell yea
Hitting the gym
The Artist won best picture. I think because it's the only movie with a dog as a main cast member. Shout out to
Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. Most of all, other people can’t stop you. Only you can stop you. ~Author Unknown
Life's A Bitch, If It Was Easy It'd Be A Slut Just Like Youu.
I love you <3
“: I dnt care bout being called ugly” They got Chueee fCkd Up !!
I want to design all my presentations. They would be so much more interesting!
Preparing Raleigh's #toomanyvictims vigil in at the United Church of Christ on Wade & Dixie. NBC17 is here. Kid's lives > gun profits.
oh man
Thanks great to see you too! :D
ADAM RUBIN IS WORKING MY LAST NERVE. MY LAST DAMN NERVE. Why even comment that Jose is better than David?
Ill grab your butt too Lol god knows what I would do if I was drunk :o LOL
Aw, we almost went there! Happy Easter to #TeamLeon!
!!! I can't wait till Popstar Magazine!!!!!!
You can't tell me nothing...
... and those of lower socioeconomic status more than those from upper classes.
what's the outlook on being able to schedule pinterest pins via hootsuite? Hope u enjoyed the rest of #sxsw! cc:
Happy to do it!
If its a pun I'm quick to the...heh....PUNch.
you already know! #whiterose on deck!!!
Best sushi -- Ebisu in the sunset
Sucks when people break into your car, but we let you compare glass shops in your area for the cheapest price. www.glass.net
Amazing job at cherry middle school you have a gift of entertaining keep doing yo thing! & u rocked cherry u have to come back!
Every other month I get obsessed with a new member like I love them all but like theres always one I wanna marry. Haha&this month its Zayn(;
Funny how you never see anyone filling out time sheets on
or my lack of exercise and dieting since um, last september. Ashamed.
Ima give you my heart 'till it beats no more...
itz 40 min all multiple choice but 1 of those questions she has to fix bc I knw its wrong
I agree...I'll go for meals, but only if I have to. It's an over glorified diner. And, I've had better meals at diners.
Just got the new Twitter lay-out. What was the point? It looks like they just flipped the sides things were on...
can't got class
The fact that you shut off access to Pandabar, which was way more useful than your website, shows how pathetic you are.
that aint nice.
Here's an old-fashioned way to increase sales...increase your customer service and attention. It always works!
. dig through the minutia to find what's important it's important to remind people why we're here
Amyclae. D&G. Do you want your music?
Smh , My Best'Friends Stressing Me Out , Why They Gotta Put Me In The Middle Of They Bs ..
Flipsyde now on mobile. Text getflipsyde to 88704. Oakland Hip Hop/Rock. Check them out.
LOL RT Surprised wife by folding all the laundry. She thanked me, patted my head, informed me it was dirty laundry.
made my civic duty.
Geeze, what's up w/ people & entitlement? U have a pathetic mortgage app, but feel entitled 2 homeownership? It's not 2005 anymore Dorthy!
Hank takes order from a higher authority (Kipp)
hey boo wasup? & thanks :*
please follow me! Your my fav actress and your gorgeous!
oh man. Not being there is tearing me apart.
Couldn't agree more! RT ...Each school & the conference office should have someone whose primary focus is New Media #MACMeetings”
not useed to this,i usually don't fall asleep until like 7 I the morning and wake up around 4,now it's the other way around.
Allergies are makin my eyes tear! like nutso! I love you summer but I hate you pollen!
:) The newswatch never stops
Agreed. And I don't really care if he does hah.
The Great State Of New Jersey always comes out on Top. #GardenStateRules!
one of the greatest freedom is truly not caring what anyone else thinks of you.
Enjoyed hearing over a good cup of coffee
It is better to spend 7 years studying some works of Ibn Arabi, al Farabi, or St. Anselm, or Meister Eckert than get a PhD.
please follow me :) tanks
Great to meet you as well!
Watching Wedding Crashers while works on some freelance
Lmfaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo really! That tweet<<<<< hypocrite ass nigga!! WTF are u??
Does it matter? ;-) ": If ur not watching the SDSU game, what r u doing?"
okay I drew back on the game lol(: so your coming over at ten tomorrow?
I am great... How are you and your daughter
nope sorry :( what is it?
We've got the Halas, now it's off to Dallas. Congratulations NFC Champion GREEN BAY PACKERS!
hey Jason! I was wondering what is your current song at the moment?
Miami Thursday after school :)
Have fun tonight Dani! You win Prettiest eyes, best eyelashes, best looking, most likely to be awesome!
Did you party a little too hard last night for St. Patty's Day? A cup of tea can help settle your stomach and keep you hydrated!
Heyy i just met you and this is Crazy but here's my number so Call Me, Maybe?
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
This game is INSANE
If anyone can make it to 51st and 7th in the next 8 min., I have an extra ticket to 'Wicked.'
then he's only a good solo player, meaning he's nowhere near as close to a leader as what Lebron was in Cleveland
We have the most popular moth in Jax......
The last seven months have been amazing, I wish you never had to leave :]<3
Oh not making it this year? You another of the West Coast casualties?
good. I'm ready for bed!!
Fck all the bullshit im just trying to eat lol
The hardest thing I ever done is hold myself together when I was falling apart, and that only makes me stronger.
just had lunch in WeHo. Sorry to say the reuben sandwich was pretty awful- all grease and fat. Not much in way of good meat!
The under dogs came through Bentley!
Give your wife what she wants. A face lift...on yourt home. You like it we Love it.
Whew, we've moved on to Hall and Oates.
hey txt me if u got ur fone
live it up then RT Im livin it up for my folks :-) RT : Having fun during graduation season huh?
Private or public: Pilots are powerful
We just had a great luncheon with our Sisters For Success group to study digital marketing, networking & masterminding. Photos will follow.
If you still need somebody I can play. Where at?
I guess I'm the only one at my school who doesn't like their vagina out.
lol...that sure is option number one
RT : Bill Ludwig with USDA says his job is to feed hungry children.
I so co-sign that!!! RT : I'm never GoinG to be a morninG person
I don't know, but I'm obsessed.
I will see about that and get back to you
Grandy just hit a ball to the upper deck... Wow.
So nice to meet and (be forced to) sing for this weekend.
#UglyPeopleExcuses "I look like this because I'm not trying to impress nobody"
9 Medical Benefits including Telahealth for less than the price of one pizza per month for the entire family with Zero Co-pay
Kevin and Frank deserve medals for working with Mark (the Nashville version of Skip Bayless)
thanks for the pep talk
thank you! // : A Matter of Time by Nancy Rae. I've not read it myself, though.
good luck!
Wow such sad news. The Beastie Boys were legendary when I was growing up. Adam was a true engineer of music
Pshaw. Btw, I've got chick-fil-a goods for you, but you must be social to receive
Flaming Lips tomorrow on the National Mall. Let me know if you're interested in joining my journey to a land of free music.
it would be on the beach
Gossamer - July 24. About damn time.
Is this thing on?
Last night's walk home highlight: 5 people passing by on Ralph's motorized shopping cart + extra room in front basket = mass transit.
"Whenever we step closer to the "fires" of the world, we step closer to that slippery slope ofsin."
at least 70% of all our new business comes from social media.
but really, I'm obsessed with it hahaha
now that this big weight is off my chest...I can go back to living
see? Have you done the Usher-Let Me See song yet?(:
m :) arthurs breakfast!! Love hot cakes!!
Wylie leads Liberty Hill 27-19 at the break. Jordan Redmond leads Lady Panthers with 8 points. LH held A&M signee Peyton Little to 5.
don't do it..only 10 more days
Music is the fuel of champions
I think my twitter app is eating some of my tweets. Le sad.
they should be hoping that he isn't suspended more than 2 games, not 1
Celebrating graduation with my favorites
anyone else think that adam levine is a horrible live singer?
Thanks! The city does have some strict requirements for chickens. I'd take fresh honey over eggs any day though!
Grass cut. 2 yards of dirt shoveled. New grass planted. Patio set built. Now a quick nap before I bartend at tonight.
Got a spam email from a dude named "Max Gentleman" asking if I want a bigger johnson. Not very gentleman-like, Max.
Oh man...thats the worst!! Thank God for eyebrows!!!
Fuck everything else. I JUST MISS YOU.
No problem! They're good friends of mine and make insanely cute stuff. I just wish I lived on the East Coast and could go to cons
Fuck a dream. I'm making this reality.
Especially sushi: RT : RT : I'm so over conveyor belt sushi. Food should not be conveyed.
Finished studying(: Hope I do good on this test tomorrow! Pray for me <3 Goodnight guys!
just got back from lifting... getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
Justin has no fans? RIGHT. He has no fans. Cause fans leave. But he has his flawless Beliebers who'll stay by his side forever. ♥
There has to be a better way than the 9-5 grind of the drone worker bee. But are you willing to find it?
“ Thanks so much! More travel adventures to come.
follow back? (:
Also #Pickerington has an <18 population of 31% which is also among the highest in the state - too bad we can't pass a levy
Still love u minnie me : ) , regardless as to wat happen I been there for u and still will be if u need me
The only man I would be ok giving executive power to is the man who doesn't want it, so I'm voting for him.
I'm supposed to stop sayin shit like that but fuck it
i also can't wear eye makeup for a week, so i'm pretty excited about my life right about now. not.
No signs allowed above first floor in Illinois Capitol building? Last I checked free speech wasn't grounded.
is there a waiting list I can sign?
I'm going to leave my car in the self storage unit until i get back from LA New Years one less headache to stress me.
#WhenIWasLilttle I was little, duh.
No joy...had quesadillas last night. Oh...and fresh fruit.
Love it when my daughter's kickball practice turns into a #Blackboard ANGEL product focus group!
Sure! Such a happy shot. :-)
you're welcome. :)
Enjoyed spending time with family this weekend.
Coffee and ideas appear to have a direct relationship.
See the Disney Dancers, Racing Sausages, Ronald McDonald, Santa Claus and more at the Holiday Parade on Saturday--9:30 am in downtown MKE.
ALFAPAC GOLF outing 3rd place and closest to pin. A little bling to bring home
hoping for ohs or strict press today. things i really want to work on getting heavier. i cant seem to PR on my strict press :-/
So we're heading to Cooper's?
I need a chick to fuck me good!give me good conversation!and pick me up when im down! now thats ride or die!
At a gas station letting mom take a nap. She scares me so bad.:/
exactly! now if i was expecting orange juice....
that awkward moment when someone in a flash mob is really off...
QUESTION: A few Reps who voted to kill $$ get federal farm subsidies. Should they stand on their own, too?
Hawk Cards, Get Your Hawk Cards Here
can't wait for baytl
Soy un perdedor. I'm a loser, baby.
omg Kayla got the house rocking wit her breakfast oooowwwww
Dreamt about ponchos. Must be spaghetti western withdrawal.
Breaking News! We also deliver for The Soup and Stock Market! Their menus are being entered right now!
That is absolutely correct. Good call.
Where is the event tonight and do you register/donate?
Madigan emphasizes JCAR will be sufficient check & balance...Healthcare not contractually guaranteed. Repub: Ppl feel it was, feel sold out.
that's why I had the tag on of regardless of background. I'm thinking financially.
Hey sorry I missed the tweet, that was smart marketing! Next time :) flight is boarding for
+Everything RT on a related note, I fucking hate Family Guy and Seth McFarlane
Tribe needs another rally to keep this game going. Com'on boys let's get er done.
Of course! The Chic'
I want to tweet all the time, but then I get nervous and don't.
Buford's stroke is wet.
#WhyAreYou still here I asked you to leave an hour ago....WE'RE over you dumb fuck...
covering breaking news: a deadly shooting in S.Side Milwaukee. Tune into ten at 10:00 for a live report from Stephanie Brown!
Damn, we have the save problem! lmao
Don Trip - Letter To My Son ft. Cee-Lo
cool let me know, so i can catch up with you. I'll hit up Rob.
how about lunch on Friday at 1230p at the varsity with and I?
my bad, it was a rough night
Thank you! love seeing your posts :)
HOLD DID YOU HEAR HIM SAY THE HEATS WILL WHEN THE CHAMPIONSHIP #TEAMMIAMIABY<3 - Jaz'men Ajana Jackson-
It is a Monumental Monday! Use the discount code tweet for $5 off your entry fee. Good for any of the distances until midnight.
Gotta love & her crazy tweets
yeah, I know. But now we don't even know if we are going to cedar point?
I like it!
“: yeah we're gonna cheat... Hardcore. What class were we in?” heaard that.
Getting caught in those "it's not what it looks like" moments
mom banned me from having candles in my room..because I almost turned myself into house of wax.
Stats are unbiased facts, what's better to go by? Schaub is around the 10th best QB. 13th or 14th is too harsh.
I've been kinda busy with school and stuff.. I forgot the password to my twitter that's why I haven't been on in awhile lol
Cutting out on red meat lengthens your life!
please follow me back. Thanks!
“: nick: fell in the pool and broke my $900 macbook lol #WackyWednesday” LOLL
Let's go k u boys
Worth the RT. RT : A novel is that rare place where you can simultaneously find yourself and lose yourself. via
Its official! I will be at the New Jersey State Fair!
That's great! We can learn so much about our own writing by looking at how others construct arguments
Have Fun :) nd can u follow me back pls ..
Boehner called the "war on women" as something created by the Dems. Further proof that he just doesn't have a clue.
the arrow landed on me lol
<---- Is hungry great timing 😒
Manus Manum Lavat => Literally Hand washes Hand, one hand washes the other, scratch my back and I'll scratch yours
Like idea of requesting/requiring/expecting a reflection piece in every #ePortfolio entry.
thank you
haha“: If you stay through the credits of BATTLESHIP, Nick Fury shows up with Yahtzee.”
on ya game. Not 1 but 2 for drew.
sounds good and you have plenty of time to train. i suggest running in shoes to stay injury free this time!
Fuck it its 5 o clock somewhere
Howdy Austin!
When I think Viognier I think all the best in white-floral, stone fruit, round, and a hint of crisp citrus.
WHY IS THE HEAT ON IN THE LIBRARY WHEN IT'S 82 DEGREES OUTSIDE??
what did it say?!
happens to me all the time ;) ahhahaha
whales must eat some pretty good stuff,wonder how they collect this whale vomit #wheresthatfact?
Fam owes me $20 but he so hurt over these #bulls I'm actually feeling bad about collecting it
Watching all the seniors walk out the door..:(...Imma miss them.. #classof2012 ..>>>
ok i think u are cute
i miss you
Got this movie and watched it last weekend. Dramatic and tense, though I was expecting more acting. (Next?)
Right back at ya! RT : kewlpeeps2
Add firetrucks and ambulances..damn I wish I was working the ER this morning
Whoa. This is a lot of dust.
six called Alex.He has autism."
: Mostly disagree. But it depends on the artist and what his goals are. Personally, I say school for arts are lame.
WHOA! Rumor is Paul and Lamar to NOLA in exchange for CP3!!!
Just saw someone driving down 94 with a dogsled strapped to their roof. #wheretheheckaretheygoing?
Driving Mamaw around tomorrow, then softball banquet:)
RT : the theme of this game so far is 3 and out
When it comes to killing fleas-you must treat the yard, house and the pet to stop the Flea life cycle. Your pets will be happier when u do!
Consider me single tonight.
I guess it depends what u wntd. I like the audio quality, has a lot of older music. Not 2 much new though. Wht disappointed?
I can has internshipz? [Best Job Application EVER!]
Me and are goin shopping tonight i hope goes with us anyone else wanna come
Am I Hotspacho?
Thank you, for In a sea of #LiberalMedia, Fox stands apart. Thanks! #gop #tcot #teaparty RT
first time getting white gummy bear
Feel like I sold my soul to the Tasmanian Devil. I'll never look at domestic salmon the same way again.
And that is what you call a banana
With a nice family outing! | “: Mother's day is fast approaching. How are you planning to celebrate your Mami?”
The party is still going....Sunday Daylife - come get wet!
#business2012 2012 was educational to say the least, a wealth of new ideas motivations and some sound advice from #lordsugar worth the trip
Where are your library's bookmarks pages? Del. display of marks on webpages never showed all at one time. tag prob.
I was dressed as the Christmas story leg lamp
im tryin..im goin to the doctor thursday
Thank you for coming to the Rauh Lecture on Monday. We will post photos shortly.
I mean you only live once, that's the motto
you got james johnson huh.... interesting but i dont know if he can come out of the shadows behind sheard unless he gets ints
This week is going to be crazy busy, I can tell already
I love lifetime movies, I'm watching high school hookers haha it's a good movie :)
Your pants should never have more than one "break" above the shoe. Sagging pants are simply "unacceptable."
In OT, Denver defeats San Diego 16-13. The legend of Tim Tebow continues. #everydayimtebowing #tebowinginjanuary?
I haven't talked to her in a minute I heard she hates me
well I'll give one thing if I'm not mistaken it's the Nike jersey just got a whole box of stuff Colts dolphins and my gf's NYG
RT : Just wait until R November elections...and by 2012, I predict that Obama willBhistory>can we last that long?
silence is golden. And that shit is like a thousand dollars an ounce. hearing from old friend in LA worth much more
People talk about my ex and try to rub it in my face like it's going to hurt my feelings. . . . Go ahead with your bad self.
Early reports on Sergio #Perez condition positive, conscious, speaking with medical team via #F1 Formula One
You're doing a great job with the #Facebook class! Thanks!
Looking at this computer screen got my head hurting like hell
Staying home again! Getting serpents shadow today!!!!!;)
We're going to go shopping at #oldnavy. :-)
"Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love!" ~ Hamilton Wright Mabie
I miss my nick boo too
4 years later and I still love Crystal Martin.
This dude just made my day!
Winner of this game wins the series? Agree or disagree?
Beautiful day in Cali.
Merrill Reese has just announced the only difference between the ufc and football is there's more fisting
Happiness! Listening to talented food leaders from
Maps unlock seafloor secrets off Oregon
Worst part about falling asleep to music is I wanna sing along. Goodnight :)
So farmers imagined they had people picking them 2 summers ago?
Whats new on the Horizon for you?
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
gresh all day
Riley I have a fever:( what do I do
at Walmart !
Rachel O'Drywer discusses spectrum as commons, underutilization, and the command-and-control model for distribution
Can u like come to Memphis sometime?.... Oh! By the way Good Morning
I heard that is coming! O_O
$BAC and $YHOO taking trading positions!
Some guy just honked at a cripple guy crossing the street and looked to me for approval.
I haven't been to NYC in a long while. I'll have to find a reason to visit soon. It seems like you're having fun there.
I agree he's divisive! Lot of plans that are different! But I think it's not just him its ALL our government! Congress and him!
oh yeah definetly :D
Helping get her rolling on twitter during class >>>>
understand.. Uk is very patient 😉
This shit is bananas. B-A-N-A-N- i'm hungry.
very cool. will let her know
The debut of Bryce Harper. Strasburg, Kemp, and Ethier at Dodger Stadium. Must see !
“: 11:11 #makeawish” don't tell me what to do!
thanks Joe!! You as well! Many blessings my dear ;o)
Shades of those 1st-round home games vs. Hawks in 2008, when Celtics beat Hawks in all four games at the Garden by an average of 25 points.
can't root for the 2 traitors Young and Withey
what time does the set start?
I still haven't fucking slept. School is gonna be wonderful today.
UNSIGNED ARTISTS LOOKING FOR OVERSEAS GIGS-----> TKO ENTERTAINMENT IS YOUR OVERSEAS SUCCESS SOURCE-----> add & message me now!!!
What movie is it?
Now following!
User #Twitter to ask for help and resolve #business problems.
thats true. Without passion for music there is nothing.
yeah but i don't get what it's showing..
One of the most important things to remember with penny stocks is to be patient as long as your original profit thesis remains intact $$
Los Alamos, Santa Fe County firefighters are posted throughout Los Alamos to protect homes; police, Guardsmen are patrolling town...
Interestingly, more than a few librarians & archivists I know are badass Derby chicks. Came to work all banged up, confused ppl.
I just earned the Shopping Spree Bonus at Balloon Sing-O-Gram in MyTown2.
up from my nap. Lol
you ain't wanna go
Bout to get some starbucks, then get a lil sun, do some work, and then meet up wit the boo for the Heat game tonight...
"Break in Two" will make its Rialto Theater debut today! An original tune by Ashleigh Ashton!
Haha, no, it's because it said II so I was like, there isn't a second one. -.- Lol. :D
Thanks for the RT :)
Agreed in both accounts:-)))
Gettin up with Photographer Derek Tull this week to do the cover for the new record im droppin soon
The lucky one came out today!
its beneficial for everyone we get the concert meet our future husband &get some exercise & they dont have to hear nagging
Welcome to the team Rachel Ryan, Tidah Adipat, Chris Edwards, Jim Byerly, and Stacey Soto!!!
Friday needs to come sooner
Practice makes perfect, but nobody is perfect so why practice
We're honored to have earned that hashtag! RT : #bestmeal2011 French onion soup dumplings
Thanks Mike. It's such good news for the local economy.
Thanks for the follow, Mindy I like the idea of your creativity co-op.
Serge Ibaka hasn't seen a pump fake he didn't like. He can block a lot of shots, but I think he's very overrated on defense
maybe the 1st thing i can do is get 2 know your website :)
One Time to Turn To You <3 His voice may have changed but he's still kidrauhl <3 So proud of that boy
New favorite phrase: "Silly Whore-Biscuit"
What's worse? Seeing "I" being used as an objective pronoun or seeing the phrase "graduate from"?
Bush celebrated victory in Iraq on a carrier and war still isn't over
You in trouble? C'mon they can't touch you. :) But yeah disgusted is not a good look. Real, but not good.
Who me?
Had a great workout with my client tracey edmonds this am!!! Damn her body is looking fierce!!!! Love that commitment!!!
RT :RT : Buy tickets for Transatlantic Coffee at Hollywood's Chinese Theaters on
This week's best London events, from CircusFest in Camden to late-night culture in Kensington: London editor Joh..
Richard von Weizscker~ Whoever refuses to remember the inhumanity is prone to new risks of infection.
haha that's ok I forgive you :P
Have a safe, sound and scrumptious Thanksgiving!
thanks! I agree, best food truck ever. On my way to Awtk mkt to pick up rest of nut what's order... Yum!
Can I hit it in the Mornin?
Badgers Lee Evans his senior year vs Michigan State. 5 TDs. They should have tried covering him though.
I don't give a fuck god sent me to piss the world off.
Super excited for the social media symposium tomorrow !
that's too easy. I need a goal. LOL
trending in
Yup. RT : DeAndre Jordan, getting paid $10 million, has played a total of 3 4th quarter/OT minutes in 4 close playoff games.
Had a dream I was in a sauna last night. Turns out this is because I have a fever.
Going out for coffee with a friend, I mean.
The green light coming from under the escalator is more entertaining than watching green lantern.
good call on Barnes. Might even be a poor man's Williams
& now maybe you should say something nice about me since you think you gotta make me & our relationship look bad.
All the Mahomies who were Mahomies yesterday and true, because I feel like there's gonna be a lot of new "Fans" after #SaySomethin! back up!
OOH so the UK? Now that's a pretty big difference from the north west I had in mind lol.
all good, jon.. jason's a good dude
plz RT --> “: All we need is one person with a TON of follwers to RT and get them to vote and Scott is a semifinalist #NOTHARD”
Wow Kobe went full retard there...but Denver holds on
follow me
I wish Victoria won "/
This bitch wanna b hood so bad
Kotchman has a damn fine glove!
Tmrw we'll be harvesting greens w kids & proving that they're delicious no matter what your age. Wanna try our #recipes? Come to Marion 5-7!
Looking for the Giants to go 2-0 in the same day.
Cheers to MLK Day! Celebrate your day off at one of our partner bars and send/receive drinks for $1!
I must work too early. I swear I just saw Santa waiting for the shuttle.
How many fed'l judges are bucking the OSCAR system for clerkship apps? Just heard from a little birdie that it's a growing trend ... on GP.
hahaha hes the nicest guy ever & an awesome singer (: i met him last month.
is it general admin or seated?
Password strength. It's not the entropy, it's the size that matters. Https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm
Textin Me Back So Slow
Today the American President gave us a clear choice. President Obama stands for liberty & justice for all, Mitt Romney stands in opposition.
omg.. U are a trooper I'm obsessed
Excited to be on my way up to #SMWNYC, lots to learn this week, and hopefully something worthwhile to share too
I heard the
hi i want followers
I have to read notes I took at conferences (in the dark ages) before tossing them. Funny thing--not much changes.
This is my 1000th tweet how exciting :)
It's silly but they just do!
I aint been banging twitter out latly been having alot of shit going
Thanking God everyday for my family, my health, my trials, my success, my tears, my laughter...everything which makes me & helps me grow.
Siri is so sweet to me I love her😊
What a great fall day (minus the slightly cloudy conditions!) -- going on a jog with my late afternoon client, should be a blast!
Also, I LOVE #Rabil. But I could've been playing a fun game of "where is Paul looking when he's not talking" today.
my nose is running ):
lol ah I see !!
RT "It's pretty sad state of affairs when modern pop music makes me thankful I grew up with Kajagoogoo." - Too shy shy to admit.
"I'll make it easy. I'll stay me." I love Luke Bryan :)
The reason why the birds are angry is because their eggs keep getting stolen. Why so angry? It's free birth control!
wow just wow lol
Just be still with me, you wouldn't believe what I've been through.
Not moving to Austria...
can't do no favors
Your niggasz hating my niggasz balling .
What class are you in now? I noticed you're not in my ops management course. Are you just in a different classroom?
I'd also like to note these kids are tighter than some adults I've seen play here & doing 3 part harmonies without any monitors.
Glad to see I'm not alone on here right now... -JO
Jim Dutton of Texas Home Improvement talks about home repair scams Saturday at 2pm Central on The Consumer Team, 570 KLIF...
National Scotch day?? Srsly? If I'd known I would've bought a bottle of my favorite... too late now, though.
Zach has done it again! Listening to Beirut's The Rip Tide. Musical genius.
“: thanks to " thanks for mention!
Finally got twitter to work on my iPhone
I love Hellcats
maybe you were adopted and don't know chinese :D
cool me to
Up Thinking of ways I can improve myself personally & professionally.
So...., I hear you're starting the limbo at prom with your cane?
K. Haje and I were in a carpool together in Jr. High. I might have seen early sleeve-pulling. I may remember under hypnosis. @ @
That's from Sesame Street, right?
she from another set lol
Rad bands, moshing, mini blizzard and french toast with some amazing people! Lawton rules!
Gerber Technology marks milestone in cutter production
I don't know about cancer, but it is pretty terrible for your diet. Healthy is good. Starvation is not.
Taking conspiracy theories... Moss video was mysteriously deleted. Drew re-uploading now. Hang tight.
I'm at the ScraperWiki #jdcdc at the Very cool so far!
Got the new video ready for tomorrow!
slushies after school tomorrow?
This damn headache!!!
Make "digital citizens" (vs. students) part of your library's language. Ross Todd
School assembly about getting us to donate organs and blood.
I met him...and have his autograph.
Thanks for all the cool things you guys did to make #SuitedforSpace happen in California!
lol I felt like an old fuck leaving so soon, but God damn, I can only stand in a massive crowd suffocating for so long
#thatcampgames Gaming as scaffolding/skillbuilding: Level 1=jumping, Level 2=double-jump - can we use this mechanic to teach writing?
Then there's the "badass with a dark shadowy past who's surprisingly intelligent and incredibly attractive."
Molly scored 2 goals and had 2 assists in the first half of her lacrosse game (a 3rd goal was nullified). Great game!
ringringring!!! Hi!! Thanks for the follow! talk soon!! xxoxoxoxox
Please humor me with how u think our soldiers treat civilians?!?! I'm sure the tape will be edited the way u want!
Oh no! We hope you find someone to take you! You can't deny a Quaker Steak & Lube craving!
I'm not calling you a ghost, just stop haunting me... And I love you so much, I'm gonna let you kill me.
Oh shitsandwich, that is terrible!
I FOLLOW Back Bay !!
In Kenmare, Ireland eating mussels -
they are counting N.I.T. Championships also, at one time that was bigger than the NCAA championship, still lame!
I also have no homework! Yaaaaaay :)
Fa la la la la la la
What what?!
#HappyMothersDay to every mother that interacts with their children, monitor there tv, Internet, and video game intake daily!!
DEAR PERIOD, WHY DID U HAVE TO BE MADE IN A GIRL BODY?! From, Girls All Around the world
I'm so tired of double plays.
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile French-kiss her other lips 30 different ways.
p.s. When i get an iPhone does that mean i should sell my iTouch?
"Whether you think you can or can’t, you’re right.” You have to believe that you’re going to be successful
You sound crazy all the time ha RT : Today I am not me. So excuse me if I sound crazy.....
GAH. So. Much. Food
The things GIRLS WILL DO FOR MONEY.. #SAD#
where is my topsoil
& Togetha at da same time. i call that a double stacker. rotflmao!
Have been on it for 6 years. Went from 20mg to 40 after first year. Worked until now developed a cough and dr. said it is time to change
And a couple more on the way. :D
Saying --NO-- to School Bullying says it out loud that we will not be idle about the issue.
Had fun tonight, finally going to bed.
Still working on packaging, hard to find what I want. More changes too. I'm working against and around the clock!
Uggh. I'm getting a slow start this morning. I'm kind enough to myself to know that I can give myself a little break.
follow me?
Did I tell my Twitter friends that I'm going to be at LABBX in August? I'm facilitating the workshop-Marketing and Publicity for the author
RT : Hey! I just met you...and this is crazy: but here's my number. So call me, maybe?
good morning
