I just saw a guy walk by my client's office wearing a cape. A short cape.
It's been a minute since I've been to the movies with a girl
I do I do, but I think I'll look a bit crazy if I do that by myself
i would love a shopping spree, i mostly just have unifoms lol i need clothes for college X)
Come listen to the Beatles with me
Welcome to a club of losers
Saturday marks the third regular-season meeting between the Galaxy and the Timbers, with the series tied at 1-1-0.
Listening to "up all night" album of one direction, listening to "I Want" Harry's voice in the beginning of I Want...... beautiful
Romey you make me laugh. I'm switching over to your show.
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ? thats freaking AMAZING :) i love you so much. ease follow me ?
Fantastic dinner with two great friends. Filet mignon, potato, salad, hummus, and champagne. Life is good.
yes that's true!
OMG. My senioritis has taken a turn for the worst. Might not make it.
thanks! Fun night! DJs did an awesome job of paying homage to Whitney :)
How do I set a laser printer to stun?
Great choice! Lot of power in that session...should provide a vast number of ideas on how to reach racing fans in 2012.
lol nothing at all just being myself
Just discovered s'mores goldfish
How frequently do you check your account balances?
At sfo airport walking behind cop and drug dog. In cops holster belt; glock, bullets, handcuffs and a rubber ball for the dog....priceless
Did u know we beat the Bears 4 times in 2011?
will always be Alex Cash Money (:
only hope we have now is a walk off.....
Lol I look like today
It is in the quiet stillness that we can find ourselves. Too often we are so busy finding ourselves, that we completely miss where we are.
Pls compare and contrast pre-ascension Daniel to post. In 140 characters of course.
my mom's new favourite song is ''Turn to you'' - me too!
Rodney King: 20 Years Later ----- Can We All Just Get Along? ----- HELL NO!! Civil unrest WILL come to pass yet again!
in a min
My dad is addicted to Xbox again.
check out our new website! www.munchieexpress.moonfruit.com
That light skinned dude on the spurs can hit some threes
I been gettin more money ever since I started caring less
Thanks for the follow, !
One of the big attractions that draws people to Phoenix and the surrounding area are the large number of colleges and universities
Once upon a time there existed true classical republicans who understood the common Good upheld by virtue and values...uncorrupted by money
Vibin out in the Gym to dat Meek Mill !!! Got me wanting to go even harder in here is there even a higher level I can go #workethic is KRAY!
An old guy rolls down window and asks why I have PBO sticker on car. told him he's my man. Guy says you must have job, alot don't- continued
That akward moment when you loose your best friend to a skank...
What are you doing today to make the world a better place?
What a day
I laughed...I cried...I shouted...I was overjoyed. Great story, loved the pacing...the action was good but not excessive.
The jury is seated.
that sounds dirty on twitter, where important you going?
your welcome
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU ILY
every twitter app i download sucks smh
Appreciate the mention.
How come guy teachers are more fun? They also don't get mad and annoyed so easily.
It's so weird...I have NO PROBLEM AT ALL talking to bands when I'm interviewing them...but get me in front of my class and I'm TERRIFIED.
I can't believe we invented a hashtag that the target audience actually uses. And so far has no spamification.
Thanks everyone for an amazing pitch fest!
That awkward moment in class when you start randomly laughing and everyone looks....
There is something so terribly wrong with me
Fighting the urge to say inappropriate things in front of family.
Will do so today - in short though, great event!
Have you texted your Glove vote today? Text READS to 86132 to help us win $10,000!!! Help us to help Indy become 100% literate.
Bosh. That's easy
you keep missing a p
Happy Holidays everyone! Thanks for following us. Stay tuned for a big year of contests and giveaways in 2012!
I just sent out letters to attorneys about a new service for a new revenue stream would you be interested in it?
so bummed i couldn't make it out today! sniff.
Kate, how does it feel,2 be the most Beautiful Woman on the Planet?, & what you think about Kim Kardashian saying she is not U?
on My Day is Made <3
Nice rip by Lopez! If he can continue that he will be on this major league club!
If you're building your hot air balloon, probably best to stop dating people with muskets.
Wishing family members could get a better sense of time. I don't like being rushed!
Well just got back from five oaks and had fun with my grandma seen kattie and brianna and (: Haha this dude was bobbing his head(:
Thank you!!
From Palm Springs poolside to LA traffic is a harsh, harsh reality.
Yes, always do ur best!
You can hear all the Giants fans in SF - Cruz
Beautiful day in the A!!!
Would love to hear what you thought! RT Trying Hope it stands up to the hype.
i ant never had a big homie cuz i dont feel like there no one who is as hard as me
thanks for sharing the knowledge!
Thoroughly enjoying my current location but would love to be at the same time. Still remember attending the inaugural year.
You can get bacterial #STIs more than once, so regular testing is very important.
callux is the one who starts the hate trends. lol you need a life.
Have you ever had an idea for an ice cream flavor that didn't exist? Big treats in for the tweeter with the best flavor idea!!
The Plectrum Artist Series radio program has wrapped up its 2010 schedule and will begin again in February 2011.
always happens with long awaited new releases. D:
thanks MBH for
I can't wait for #TheNorthRemembers to start! Thank god for HBO and The Game of Thrones.
I just made Damien stop the radio station because 1D was playing -_-
Green is like a poor man's Delaney and an homeless Zabe
I can't stand listening to the CBS crew complaining about good uni color
can school just finish already.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
Some people in poverty have more sex, because it doesn't cost money to have sex. The other people are focused on money making.
Haters = Money!! & Money = Haters!! So please.. keep it coming AT A FAST PACE!!! Holla @ ya boi doe mann, & lookout for my new track!
Ughh, school tomorrow. -.-
Happy cinco de mayo my party ppl! I look forward to seeing all of you today. Its going to be Bananas!
If you're a beginner learning to play your first piece, it can be frustrating.(cont.)
Advanced search allows you to search by (all) authors affiliation (you could put in a country), but that isnt going to be perfect
i'd love to collaborate - thanks!
Early n long day tomorrow
RT : Hey people that sit on planes not reading, listening to or watching anything: you look like serial killers.
don't act like you don't know who I am lol
aka your fat. Love you.
it's a way to say what you can't say F2F & there's no instant response needed-u can take ur time to think b4 u respond
they won ?
yeah i remember asking you and you telling me you liked timbuk2
UW is conducting a Quit Smoking Study focused on mindfulness & relaxation training which has shown significantly higher abstinence rates!
totally with you on this! Tackling the day with coffee in hand - we got this!
you just lost her, btw
I guess you want me to say Syracuse has the toughest schedule ever...ok...Syracuse has the toughest schedule ever.
Kids who exercise vigorously for 30+ minutes a day lower their risk of heart disease.
I'm putting my two weeks in after school is over. I need a new job!
effing pissed as hell...
sleepin over make house water park tommrow whole ;D
Jack's score from Friday was 665
Can't wait til we start recording!
Am I the only one bothered by the projected obesity rate in 2030? It's alarming!
Nothin better than Mcalisters sweet tea 😊
haha funny someone woke up with jokes !
Aww, thanks ! Here's to you!
Morning. Won't be on all day. Cya =)
RT : I have a Dude. It's bad.
YES Mac How have you been-
To the people who say that dance isn't a sport... MY CALVES WILL CRUSH YOU.
Im waiting for them to invent virtuel weights, so you can add yr weight digitaly to yr bar
Just looked up the Camargue Tourism Board website and I think I went blind.
I'm sure the MVP voters consider KG to be too old and dirty for consideration.
Who is your #Derby pick ?
Good Morning John
Tweet Tweet
hope we'll have a chance to get together at scms! i'm here thru sat am.
pretty bad actually. People are saying a lot of other stuff, but what I told you is the only stuff I know for certain is true
Which President dedicated the San Diego County Administration building in 1938?
MF Doom(vats of urine)Elzhi(colors)Organized Konfusion(Equinox)JeanGrae(Taco Day)Phonte(Charity Starts at Home
Look forward to seeing Monday. Her polymelodic vocal and bass interactions are ridiculous. And, I envy that gorgeous natural.
hey um nicole kendaya is against austin lets fight back
Everyone likes a good story, whats yours?
i know rite im gonna go celebrate im so excited cant wait
you're addicted!
So who purchased or received FLOWERS for #MothersDay?
Username & Password with easy opt-in/opt-out or selective social media connections.
#jrcls situations dealing with unjust laws always involve more than the individual. - law v morality panel
RT : Joe Cabral: 62% of revenue in healthcare is spent on Human Capital! Call to arms?
How exciting! I'm sure it will transform your viewer experience. When will you re-launch?
Tune in to Wsupfl.com.. I'm going to be telling you what celebrities are hooking up and breaking up.. Listen from noon to 3pm!! - Crystal
Happy Birthday!! Hope u have a great day! :))
If I'm gonna be honest, I think religion is really stupid.
glad we could bring some humor to your afternoon ;)
sitting on a seat that's are already warm <<
RT : Be a part of the #ContagiousBehavior tonight with & !!!
please tell me if it's working the new link I put
I get to be a hair model today for the blog!
"Steve Jobs" by Walter Isaacson - so inspirational ! Pure passion and perfection - no BS, no compromise - that's the way it should be
&#39;Simpsons&#39; creator: The real Springfield is in Oregon
Look! A circus! And over there! Taco Bell is using Doritos for shells!
#BrewersTuesdayTrivia Randy Wolf
ok :) well we never see each other anymore :P but i guess its just because you are to cool for me :)
when are you guys coming to the NO
Congrats!!! RT : Fuck a Bentley, fuck a Aston Martin, fuck a ghost! I just bought a house..
I can, on occasion, be mean. However, this was definitely not one of those times.
"Lollygagging is a synonym for dilly-dallying" -Uncle Jerry
Jesus/Palin 2012.
is here with us again. You know you want to join us too.
Have Fun GRANDman !! I Hope This Gets A RT =) <3
Suddenly Larry Luchino doesn't seem all that bad?
“: Love your mission! It's about time indeed!” < thanks much!! Let's talk about ways to get you involved!!
What a beautiful church. When was it built?
can't wait for the weekend. Temecula wine tasting and the big 1 year anniversary. Crazy how fast this year has gone by.
if you're cool follow me on instagram: xocarlyn. ✌
can you please follow me before the year is over? Iloveyou<3
One test standing in the way of me packing up my bags and heading to Dallas. FW and Houston tomorrow then CRUISE TIME!
Cost of phone + data service is significant barrier.
going on hour 15 of the grind, want to sleep but these games are god
Oh how I wish that was me
It's Star Wars Day! Celebrate by holding your phone at a 20 deg. angle at eye level and read everything as it scrolls into the distance.
worth repeating wired
Is a kite still a kite if it doesn't have a string? I feel like it becomes its own person then
Texas' IOLTA funds have dropped by 75%.
Waiting in terminal B11 at the Cleveland Airport...like a boss.
Stop in Florida and say hi, anytime . Safe travels. I heart URIV
3 photo shoots coming up, models please contact us if interested.
Got into a cab and said "dirty birds for cocktails!" Forgot i was in Newport beach...
RT : Mayor giving big props at annual meeting! New engineering school and more are huge assets.
The good guys at have $2.50 Miller Lite Tall Boys to go with your burger today!
I remember that Epi! Nice article. Tho my daughter is only 2, I've, more than once mulled over how that convo would go.
Looking forward to seeing Rubio tonight. He's going to be great player.
This sucks got to wait until tomrrow to watch
Welcome Back Big Man!
hate when niggas talk about u in jail
#DearScooterBraun NEEDS TO RELEASE HIS #BELIEVE VIDEO!
hell no!! GO SPURS GO!!
no love? Fail
Russell Wilson's chick is a babe.
My friend saw u at the aquarium! and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,she knows i love u<33
Yes I think so, enough is enough, twitter is great for quicks back and foths and FB is FB, what's the point of the rest?
Aravind Joshi is amazing - he truly operates on a higher mental level.
I can see myself buying a freakishly low-priced sculpture or artifact that ends up filled with drugs. Hello...Turkish prison.
He is never on my flights :(
Your so dumb Haha
Performance and life tip: Small things are big things when they are done consistently.
I really like my girlfriend. Just saying.
yay. In my calendar on Wed as Hump Renz
haha! I hope you still ate it! Poptarts are a treat not to get wasted. :)
filling out my ballot now...
no ya fool, u really think I'd be serious?? Haha
Foster the people got a weird stoned out look
thanks for the support bro, keep it up :)
The vagina is like a roller coaster: Great to visit, fun to ride, but at the end of the day, you don't want to take care of it.
People with Scensy thingys: If I smell cinnamon rolls, I expect them nearby. It's not fair, what you're doing.
someone got mentioned on tv!
Hows it going everybody?
True colors always come through. wow.
My parents piss me off..
I can't bring myself to do anything school related
My brothers birthday today….is another great day in his memory...HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARVIN!!!
Good morning!
yeah, theres another video. I need to retire.
THIS BULL!!!
Baby I need you.
but what if i win tonight
Thank you. It's wonderful to return. Romania was remarkable.
#Ploop(: word of the day.
Huge piece of chocolate strawberry birthday cake...awesome but I can't finish it...any more and I'm ralphing!
Recent studies correlating SPECIFIC human behaviors with genetic & neurochemical attributes = inspiring & SCARY
But I don't want him for 2B. I want him to upgrade SS.
"How about an essay on kitty cats not having leaves?" "Brilliant" -- Pearson brainstorming session.
Its funny as I sit here. I am nervous about contacting these people to ask them about help. Wonder why that is.Maybe fear of rejection.PUSH
come meet Greg Toler of your AZ Cardinals tonight at Catch 22 watch the game. We'll be raffling cards vs raiders tickets
And more, but yeaah. He didn't even get in trouble. Stupid ass school O__________o
Meant to say if you have question.... not if you have info. WE have info but I am sure you do too. sorry about that tweet
Nice to see two of Eisenhower's guards complaining about working hard during open gym...
Man. Gospel and margs are where it's at.
We hope everyone is having a great Labor Day weekend!
where you workin girl?
"Good luck charlie" is so funny :]
I was so happy the other day when she was online. I feel like I missed my chance to thank her for the love & occasional butt kick
I changed my profile description. That shit's hard to do! But necessary. I can feel myself trying to hard to be funny/honest/cool.
sorry bout yesterday my phone is all f**ked up it still is
Our pleasure.
Thanks, Julie! P.S. I just added you to my MT Twitter list (tweeted it earlier). Still a work in progress! cc:
Odd Thomas is the best character
My mom needs to smoke a blunt or something and chill out , shutuuuup you are a drama queen!
Hitting the next store
PPC is an important part of any search strategy.
Can't wait for MLB 2K12!
Hmm, maybe I stayed a little too late at tonight.
Just got home! haha Getting ready for #WMHS graduation now :)
Rest in peace granny fanny. 99 years is a great long life. You will be missed. Love ya.
I'm taking a HUGE step and applying for another job.
Wake n bake
I believe I make a great candidate for being a tester due to my experience of my years of gaming
Knock-Knock jokes with , , , Brian, Dan and Mr. B on the front of the bus
T minus one hour till M - Friday falls off the face of the earth
Made some major decisions, planning appropriately, then executing said plans.
true but if I make it CLEAR I'm not interested?
I mean when you're bored
Mastering a new single for the multi-talented Joey Stuckey right now. Just finished a cool single for Vicinal called "Alone."
Go you!
This bitch complains so much, please shut the fuck up.
Sweet seeing him for NYE so will put in a word. So which is home and which is work Sydney and Goldcoast ?
you should. We'r VIP'ing u + one :-)
Man you are close. Make sure you take it easy and congrats an many blessings on your bundle of joy. I'll hit y'all when I come down to N ...
Big wins for the company bball team tonight...great to play for a winner
Arrived at the great Choctaw Nation casino. Ready for poker.
Playing at El Cid on October 10th 8pm! That place is awesome and it's all only $5.
I'm always there for everyone else. when is someone gunna be there for me?
totally would but alas, I am in Virginia
Not necessarily. There are no sparkles in Harry Potter or Hunger Games.
Exactly. Any place where the humidity isn't horrible during the summer is FINE with me.
hell yeah
Awesome demos!
Hey Eli, dont be giving me heartaches unnecessarily. But great job taking the GIANTS home. WHOOOWEEEE
#LMSunSIG endicott playing catchup with accessibility, having faculty create script first then transcribe
Yes, totally lame. Also don't like how you can't use more than 1 acct at a time. Even the mobile app allows that.
"I was going to write something about procrastination today, but I'll do that tomorrow instead." Great Work Provocations via
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I used to wear a Starters cap
It is when 6 board members resign
“: See you tonight new york 😏” no
what would infuriate you?
Proud supporter of - Can't wait for the season to start!
Twitter Facebook Twitter
tried yet? Will blow your mind.
#JanoskiansSubscribeToMazziMaz you really deserve them to follow you!
GameAudio101 thanks for following me on Twitter!
Exchange student taking his drivers test in my car...
I just saw when I was taking my lil sis something to rio! :D
Chappaqua and Mt Kisco still recovering from #Irene. Certainly hope that #katia isn't next! Maybe I should have saved that dry ice! Oh no...
Hopefully the FAA doesn't follow you on Twitter.
Ditto--it's just too damn nice out! RT The resistance is winning today. give me a swift kick back to writing desk?
Yeah, that was beyond gross, Greg. You should know better. #where'smomoftheyearwhenyouneedher?
Love ya ,but I think Tracy just told a bad joke. Somewhere Michael Richards is probably smiling.
I need 2 pick up my 15 yr old niece on Sat. She's flying alone but not as an unaccompanied minor. What's the best way 2 pick her up?
ooh hon i have done this many times
Crack is Wack kids.
You ever clean your floors and wonder how the hell pubes could end up all over the place? Do I sleep strip? Can't figure it out.
That's the plan. RT : at on ESPN3 tonight. Can the road teams keep winning this weekend?
How does Monday mid-late afternoon look? Any slots after 3? I'll be on the Northside at appointments until then.
PWEAZE COOL COME ON BEFORE I HARRAS U
Probably not. Ignorance is bliss.
Im creating a website EVERYONE LOOK FOWARD TO IT!!
Nate McMilian, Phil Jackson, Jeff Van Gundy
Yuck to the dykes that try to do the homeboy look & spit like one and to the coworker that carries her junk in a Hefty bag
She's got broken things where her heart should be.
21 I bet I change but for now miss me with the I need a man cuz he is not I and I am not him
Let's work together to make San Antonio a Live Music Community to be reckoned with. Why not?
uhh that's not good :-(
Getting ready to board my flight to tomorrow land. It still surprises me that LAS is now home.
:o get some food!!
Love the song!!!!! Great job fam!!!
I had a dream that I met last night. It felt so real. :(
Tonight's homework: Flatbush Zombies
any time during the day friend? late afternoon is just not working for me…
All Andover consists of is dumb bitches and inherently repellent personalities.
Thx for all the great exposure at yesterday's #ACGPHL breakfast meeting!
B dubs at ten at night #HelloGoodLife :)
I intend to win it.
screw Christina...you owned that song. Nice work brother
Clean up on lane 1!
Seeking a #webdeveloper to assist with our #website. Please send us an email at
Tuesdays are kind of like turning 20 it's a new day but it's just kind of in the way.
To develop your intellect, question everything.
A beautiful-sounding #cccc12 panel on rhetoric and choral arts is at the same time as a music panel with Rice, Rice, Sirc, and Rickert. Sad.
i love your smile <3 you are truly flawless(:
I don't play the cello or the guitar. It's called a bass.
WERE AT 200 FOLLOWERS! THANK YOU! :D.
It sucks when you like someone but you know nothings ever going to happen between you two.
- love it
are you sure? I can't tell!!
proceeds from today`s event to benefit jefferson area CHIP
EVERYTHING IS SO GREEN! AND IT'S RAINING!
Thank you for the beautiful walk last Saturday morning in San Francisco! I'm looking forward to connecting again at the Muse.
RT Urgent! we need you to respond now with a 1time Re-Tweet for a Trayvon Martin Law! Please Re-Tweet Now! Thanks
Good Morning #Tweethearts !
Joe will also be doing a live chat on Friday at 5pm Central (3pm PST/ 6pm EST) on Cambio answering questions and talking to fans.
My NYR is to be mindful that we only have "one wild and precious life," and to act accordingly. (Mary Oliver).
Rotate your tires & periodically check them for uneven wear. Exact alignment saves both gas & tires.
It's Grave Digger!
wow but when i found out Bella & Lorena didnt like eachother... >>>> the FUNNIEST shit
you subbed for me yesterday, it took two of you to handle it.
What do you mean "How does it work?"
It's 's birthday! Wish that nigga a happy birthday.
geneva, driving down to you starting tomorrow
's dying to try new location. Haven't yet.
should totally air JUMPOFF Mix!!(:
lol ik, I was like who is this person then I clicked on your avi. haha I feel like a grandpa man
It's not fair how he guessed my surprise :(
where are you from in Indiana?
My pleasure! Well, kinda.
George filed the official papers today with the San Diego County Registrar of Voters to run for Judge, Office 25. Press release issued!
I need a workout partner. Time to start lifting weights again.
whats up people???
gotta start getting ready for work.....
don't worry, I quit a while ago 😉
“: Kanye West greatest album?” Graduation. Hands down.
sitting alone in the office. rendering art videos for tomorrow eve.
Intense storms are like music to my ears! #lightening best #skyshow ever!
i have to start tweeting more, this is tough.
At the ER! Worst ear infection ever....
Guests-- 50 searches/day, dropped number until 10 when everyone screamed (right number!) Full access requires contribution.
Bill Clinton visited the set of HANGOVER 2 in Bangkok. Sources said he filmed a cameo, but he was just there for the massages
Arroyo got lucky there:) lets get some hits!
RT : In honor of Ron Artest, I'm gonna change my name to "Cure For AIDS" then run around injecting people with AIDS.
i thought it was me RT : Yo did I jinx this fool when I tweeted him to come to LA? Are the Angels really THAT bad????????
Our thoughts and well-wishes to the people of Japan and anyone affected by this terrible disaster. Stay strong
but..but..MLG only comes once a month :P
Are you OK? Some speculated you were playing with an injured toe.
It's like in OB, no matter what happens, the second that baby's head crowns everybody starts to panic.
love that song SEX by Ginuwine
#cara student Michelle T. secured a position as a Pharmacy Tech ! 45 of 310!!!
That voice you thought you gave me...hmmp
those were the days
Top of the morning 2 everyone! From today on: Be Your OWN Boss! Follow ----> ! Get your business/band/brand noticed!
Just got out of church, now at Dunkin Dunuts
Welcome new followers!
Who in the hell ate the rest of my birthday cake?????
www.youtube.com/Nevedomsky please subscribe :)
good deal. & yea the girls nowadays lol
It's Okay Don't Worry!
So where u all at
Just tried to iron my shirt. With a hair straightener. While i was still wearing it.
Love the new profile pic! Got any other pics from that shoot to share?
welp... looks like symbiosis is a go!
Thanks man, thats awesome! You're the first person across the pond getting some Turmoil, pick out any shirt from our store!
PS: have you noticed that since you started working 24/7 and stopped having fun you've been nothing but sick?!
Wow I seriously slept till 3 today. Anybody that knows me, knows that's a rare thing. Guess that's proof this wknd was Awesome!
He's hot and totally not awkward......😒 But I love him!! Haha
Everything my campaign raises / spends will be in my FEC report. I have no affiliation with the other PAC's.
I was named after Nia Long .
OMFG THATS GOOD I WANT THAT! I'm totally fangirling ;o
Although they cut their output forecast, the Fed still expects a noticeable GDP improvement in 2011 from 2010.
I am confused, PaintCode seems to be a great app but, a lot of criticism about the demo version on Twitter yesterday.
I just added Bittersweet to my library order for two high school libraries. Can't wait to read it!
Welcome to Twitter!
Thank you for the RT, Mike :)
“: here's to the kids who always wait until their phone has 1% of battery to charge it.”
or if the rain chills out. If not, kegerator. RT what are you guys up to tonight?
Give it up for drunken hot girls! Am I right?
<3 <3 <3 #happynationalbestfriendday to you! Don't know what i would do without you!
I've been released from the hospital after a wreck today with just a few staples on my head. Grateful to be alive!
I swear it wasn't on there. I must be losing it. Lol. Score on Saturday. Got it!
I'm enjoying the beautiful scene as I sip my tea.-beautiful feeling
party. Freaking at how good this guy is. stage on sixth has the best sound of every venue in Austin.
Where will the headquarters of the DPLA be? Not Cambridge, not D.C. How much does the location matter?
#MD House Maj leader says families earning $250k taxes will go up $6.50 a week for excellent schools, reasonable tuition & police protection
i can't believe i am going to school tomorrow and its going to be 87 degrees out!
ya wanna putcha name on it
Just had an awesome dinner with at #cheesecakefactory ! #HappyEaster !
Too bad people don't like me...
Hey! Plz follow ! Trying to get enough followers to be the best USA site for Drew and Brandon. Thank you!
Well. Yes.
Absolutely. RT : Make everything count today because today is your day that everything go's right.
aw babygirl I <3 you wit da whole 1, I can't wait till I can hang wit yuh again
": going to check out site and seeing sumthin cute... then realizing its sold out <<<< lol" aw man.
If you're just gonna be an asshole when I'm tryna be cute with you like we used to be, fuck it, imma leave.
SO... EXCITED to see you! :)
"Say Yay, Say Yay ,dont we do this every Day Day?! "-
Miss Miracle 2011 Pageant is on June 12th! The entry fee is $65 for the pageant or $100 (including all optionals)- ALL proceeds do to CMNH!
Thanks! Does your blog and tweet book come in iBooks format?
Good ol' fashioned manual labor Does a body good!
RT @ @ DESTINYDIXON LOL hi mama!! I love you n miss you! Let's skype 2morrow k?
Can't wait to see mine!! RT : Working on custom badges today...Who else wants one?
Nice comeback by the Celtics...now close this one out!
My first twit, how does this all work?
Sold out. Thanks for a great week SF!
Follow me on Instagram
New in Nightlife: just announced they will host the official Flo Rida concert after party on Friday, May 11.
Oh God, what a picture. :)
After the pledge of allegiance this morning in my 1st period, me and everyone said "Amen" lol!! =D
Rob wrote tonight's SIMPSONS episode--so if you get sick of the Grammys, watch it!
I might do that. TA hands out participation points cuz mosta these kids refuse to study for 10 secs. Then they cry bout it.
ahaha yeah but I kinda don't want it to end cuz I have to much fun :/
be happy you ran... I was conservative w/ my time at registration; next year I will give myself more credit & move up a corral.
good to see going strong!
You guys are wimps. I sometimes bike in floor length skirts.
I've been awake for an hour. That's about 2 hours of sleep. Ugh! Insomnia. Why.
taking a walk, the California sunshine helps me clear my head!
JUST FOLLOW ME ALREADY PLEASE
": Wtf why do I have cramps!!" Um...time of the month?. Lol
No sleep again. *sigh* oh well.
was thinking that earlier! A 1/999 is not a 1/1 ...listings should be pulled
Rush Limbaugh apologized to student Sandra Fluke cuz it would hurt his pocket. I doubt if advertisers didn't pull out. He always (cont)
Miss. Congeniality! aka !! Congrats and great job girl!!! :D
“: @ had to bring the booty shake to New York... I'm respected now!!! Putting in work
Quote by In These Times describing political wins of Corporate Ag: "the politics of the food system are spoiled rotten"
Yoko Knowing you still live in the city How do you feel leaving the hotel every day knowing what happend there My heart goes out to you
Nothing like a audition w/ required dance moves in the morning :)
Thank you to all my new followers for being true
congratulations! Hope the result is tasty. What style did you go for?
You must be very persuasive. Nicely done.
Running along the streets of San Francisco this morning - new sites
yeap..out of the ordinary i guess
All I wanted was a decaf soy latte this morning...grrrrrr.
No I really have some good friends, I was just being facetious... lol your concern tells me u are a great friend tho lol
Plumbing, electrical, sheet rock, tile, concrete, etc. We have it all on trade through the barter exchange!
So Amy Winehouse's dad said she died of a seizure from alcohol detox...hm not sure about this one.
Will be covering Victoria Tea Party today at Ted Reed Park. Stay tuned for more.
I have one qotsa ticket for tonight available.
Thanks for the RT
Rode the Harley to and from work tonight! (it's my 1st ride at night)
Smashin some chocolate covered marshmallows
You're only limited by your own imagination! And money. And talent. And genetics. And time. And other people. Go for it!
I know, my mom tuned to the channel that's why I started to recall all those lost memories ^_^
yep, that seriously made me smile! A stepping stone on the 21st century path.
T-Minus 24 Hours till Vacation. 1. Crater Lake, 2. Sacrament 3. Santa Rosa 4. San Francisco 5. St. Helena/Napa & 101 back up.
Omg, so am I. And it is indeed a much needed respite from the world.
"I'm here to talk to you about The Avengers Initiative."
Soo glad my supervisor has my back. & her twin brother.
omg! too funny! i think we need a spoof of #portlandia spoofing portland!
Happy "I cant believe Nate's put up with you for three years" da...I mean, Happy anniversary! :p
Nothing says merry christmas like wonton and dumplings
24-hour news cycle sensationalism = Joe Paterno taking more heat than a child rapist. Literally.
Haha lucky me, got a RT from Ms.
what up my dude
what are you doing? LOL
Boyz II Men On A Mission
ha bird i just did the same thing, i felt kinda silly.
yes. I should be at Rebecca's no later than 6 that should give us plenty of time.
The reason CoD is dieing/has that chance is cause of the guarantee a new one will come ever year.No ambition to keep it alive
my daughter was @ your bookbag give away thanks for the gifts she's been beggin 2 see a picture she took with u
Thanks Emily!
Spelling is for amateurs. Gay jokes are for Republicans. and Buzz Lite is for champions.
It's a sin to stick it in and a shame to take it out.
Hall discussing who the PM would be was hilarious "whmmml.... growl"
About to watch the game. Got with me. We can do this!
What's with Steve Nash licking his fingers every time the clock stops?
did you have a similar experience? I can look up my old notes and get you in touch. send me your info:
Day drinking. Hobby? Yep.
yes. Adult version.
I lost a lot of followers :/
I'm in the Wilbur theater waiting for & they're playing Rockstar!!!!
I Demand RESPECT !!! I don't care who the Fuck it is and I won't settle for LESS !
thanks for the rt jordan!
Thanks for stopping by! Looking forward to seeing you again!
“: Man happy birthday to my big headed sis I love you”lol love u too little head
time for you to follow
Happy Groundhog Day! LIKE this post if you're hoping for a shorter winter.
please follow me back!
Wasn't that a neat story?
Im not tired. Time doesnt phase me. This is when i needSomebody to stay up as long as mee.
Pretty Little Liars is on tonight!!!! <3
wishful thinking - go Heat!!!
In a really good mood today .(:
Did anyone in Vegas attend Staind's show at Sunset Station? I'm trying to remember the name of their encore song....
Just half an hour before we open! Come by and see us today from 11am to 6pm!
Yay! Sherry wins!!! Ooh, and John...a very close runner up! Welcome both of you!!! OK, here it comes...
Driving on Long Island listening to the Violent Femmes is making me awfully nostalgic.
Somebody come feed me tho
If that follow button is white! Click it to x what color it will be ^.^
Those who have read GoT: how is HBO handling? Are they rushing through it? Or is season 1 book 1?
Just saw the moped gang of about 150 fratters ripping the streets of Fayetteville AR. Looked like a bunch of killers to me.
Happy birthday to my little sister love love love you to pieces!
Look out for 12 Round Management soon
#Boyfriend video today!
There are too many things to be stressed out about.
NBC pilot starring Phylicia Rashad shooting in town An NBC pilot called “Do No Harm” shot along Summit Street in Chestnut Hill today. The
I don't listen 2 4 the lyrics ... I listen strictly 4 the beats!!!
Lovely to meet you! And thx to for connecting us. Makes me remember why I <3 Twitter :)
Just did yoga in the pool. Combine 2 of my faves--water and yoga always make me feel GR8, positively changes my energy.
thanks for the bday wish
Ugh. I'm really getting sick of all the politicalness on facebook and twitter. Time to start hiding and in following.
Phone is about to die, Gnite y'all
Thanks for the order! RT : looking forward to the 3 tees I just ordered, including the #SuperBowl #XLVI tee!
Hey ! How is that little baby of yours? =)
Congrats on your graduation Kelley!
President Fry is introducing Judith Rodin as his mentor
omg my phone screen just broke GREEAT.
I don't get PBS? WTF?!? I'm gonna punch my TV in the balls. I need Sherlock.
Cureton: #1 "if we don't work on it, it will die". #2 "then let's kill it now so we're done and we can move on". I love it!
Sign me up. RT : would you join a sharpie-a-month club (get a cool pack of colors)?
This should be VERY interesting. Keep in touch Adam.
Medea races away into the heavens on a chariot in Euripides's play....
Thank you for following.
“: so sad you are completely booked on the 15th! Now where do we stay? ” I'm so sad :( Please advise
I've got Cyrus Virus! RT if you have it too.
they have a nandos in DC... Wanna go before your gig on Friday? :)
Chivalry: A male invention to make themselves look like nice guys while checking out your ass as you walk through the door 1st.
Jay Giesen from Brunner discussing the Digital Revolution.
Doing Baal runs for my bros Diablo 2 account. It makes me feel 13 again.
well think of something or someone else.
Sounds heavenly. Are strawberries in yet?
watching "Jayne Eyre" and eating grapes
no. my mom is getting sumfin for my grandma. & im trying to get my mom to get a pool
There's something about the holidays that being out the best in people. If only people could behave this way year round.
dinner and a movie with mom. on valentine's day. just like last year. because i'm 31 and single and AWESOME.
Oh I see!! I like reading your tweets! Gotta love a girl who loves baseball!!!
Google Art: Not only can we view the painting in detail, but we can also examine to condition of the painting as well
See you there :)
Awee who is it?! :') <3 RT : Dear , someone loves you ♥
Heard through the grapevine that the building where the Comet is, is up for sale. THAT would be the spot for an Ace/Doug Fir.
We will be open this Labor Day! Brunch from 10 am-3pm & our Market will b open from 8am-3pm. Join us!!!
Get it girl!
ikr..yep i saw ya lookin like a video vixen lol..the video was great doe!! rt forever! Lol did u watch the video
thanks for the follow. We love your playing and the new album!
It's been too long, getting the itch. anyone got any suggestions where we can do another UpLate taping? Help us get to more fans too!
ohh coo . i want cereal .
Twitter newbie here
Happy Cinco de Mayo, folks!
30 more minutes and I'm "hitting the hay" for the night!
People who don't answer texts or tweets but when they need something, you can't breathe before they reply to you <<<
Why coyotes? What do you do with them?
Loved the Indy cars with all the NFL teams.
Just had the most awkward moment with my mom right now omfg .-.
If I look too serious, that's because I'm working on physics engines.
Seriously! Don't propagate this shit. Obviously the man is dying. Let him have his peace.
I like the idea of Brandon Lloyd reuniting with Josh McDaniels. Maybe Eddie Royal will come too. Definitely need long threat!
The Craft Brewers Conference is getting under way in San Diego today. #CBC12 for tons of interesting news bits.
After a visit to the beach, it's hard to believe that we live in a material world-Pam Shaw
but if we inv him, we can cut off his tail and fry it
LOL. He is just a piece of work.
i got the moves like jagger
PEOPLE IN DA PLACE, IF YOU WANNA GET DOWN, PUT YAH HANDS IN DEE AIR.
In TexASS, we always bring it!
Worst birthday weekend ever...
I don't mean to jinx you...but 'tis the season ...
Each time you eat, you create an environment for oral bacteria to develop
i know omg i didn't have the chance to go to one of the shows
Why are you an actor? Do you know? Exactly? In 10 words? Figure it out.
Be a happier person this week: (1) visit a neighbor, (2) do something good anonymously, and (3) write & post 3 personal goals.
Screenwriters are people too.
Aww man, someone in the office drank my orange juice! Had my name on it and everything. What a disappointing start to the day
Fired up a web server — mongrel — and now installing a scaffold for Posts.
Yay! Also... Have you been tanning yet today? Lol
nah, I have to work tomorrow.
Happy Hunger Games Week(: and may the odds be ever in your favor</3
Yeah I'm not leaving Dallas at all.
“: Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. ~ Lao Tzu”
indeed it is
One man's junk is another man's junk. GET RID OF IT! Schedule us today.
President says Ryan Budget "makes the Contract with America look like the New Deal"
i love you! follow me please? :) ♥
Hanuman by Rodrigo y Gabriela is like fireworks in my brain.
ugh could my day be any worse? 😭
"Food and Sustainability" Farm to Table featuring leaders in food sustainability ...
Stamped Concrete Patios Atlanta's Best www.ConcreteGeorgia.com 770-380-5277 Serving All Of North Ga $8.50 a sf SPECIAL
Are one if your partners available to complete the work you haven't been able to finish in over 5 months?
U felt that shit out of my house lmao
so today I: 1- read To Kill A Mockingbird for 8 hours & 2- ... that's it.... what an exciting day -____-
Looked at all my financial aid and loans for college and realized that I don't want to grow up.
I've personally watched 's 'I Believe I Can Fly' 14 times today...., I'm addicted.
It's good, dirty and kind of f-ed up. It messed with KY head a bit RT Heard lots of good things about '50 shades of grey'
Productive weekend fam Finished about 3 tracks...
Today’s open house is not far from where I grew up. Perhaps I’ll drive past my childhood home to see if it still looks the same.
#INFO #news #work now through April all sessions over $100.00 received free printing. Must have thus tweet or email to be eligible. Gafp
beautiful day in nyc! hope spring is finally here;)the thompton hotel for dj vinlya and after to juliet....
OH: "I'm still catching up on what the f*ck Pinterest is." -
Obama evolved...
Portlander struggles to find time for his career, after realizing that looking totally rad is a full-time job.
Free scoliosis screening this Sat. Sponsored by Minimally Invasive Spine Institute. Spread the word.
What is your favorite #study #music? Good luck with #finals!
ill make a bet right now. if the #Packers and #Ravens play in SB and the Ravens win. ill decorate my car in purple and black
based on the impact they make anyways
Speaking of "civil courage," I appreciated yours in the this am. Couldn't find it on the website to link to.
Positively bursting with excitement to see Pina 3D tonight in Baltimore
Jolly good Irish red, my good man
I just offered to let my kids take their ice cream upstairs to eat while reading in bed so that I can watch Game of Thrones.
ya boy bout to be up on this instagram
To have true freedom you must be rich.
I don't see the problem everyone has with revealing costumes..?
's Good Deeds movie was amazing!
#SanFrancisco loves you ! Bring it home girl! , #TheVoice,
Major fundraiser for the President at Tyler Perry's home tonight... $35,000 per ticket...
Don't forget TONIGHT Kimmel 10th Floor from 6PM - 9PM #TheHalls Event! See you there.
You say none of the guys like me, but remind me again, why are you dating? Exactally!
glad you liked the fencing today
Pack up my apartment or watch maury? I pick maury.
Responded to FIRE @ 485 W. Central Ave, Monsey, NY 10977. Red Cross auto update.
Being one of the guys with my dad, brother-in-law and nephew. No drama at all, this is why they're my favorites.
“: The tragedy of Anderson Varejao is that half of his career contributions never appear in the box score. <Nor his hair.
New driving license :-)
Thank u for the support! : thank you! I go to the one in Tivoli Village almost every weekend!
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Aw little Elen is such a good friend. >.< My cousin did that for me when some fell on my hair, I don't think I could..
get well soon! I stopped by with your other "dad" see you yesterday. :)
Try this, www.twitter.com/history_repeats, www.myspace.com/historyrepeats, www.facebook.com/#/pages/History-Repeats/137814635494?ref=ts
Book extract: Brooke Magnanti on the porn wars An extract from Brooke Magnanti's new book, The Sex Myth.
its the little things in life - like functioning door handles and new light bulbs - that make me happy. hooray landlord daddy!
Why burn Gallardo if you are assuming a game 5?...they habe gallardo game 5 if need be and Zack in game 1 now
I love knowing when I'm right
"What Are You?" Kip Fulbeck in 15 minutes!
thanks for the shout-out jason!
haha! Fantastic Saturday Afternoons! :D :(
I guess that means you'll have to eat breakfast for dinner tonight.
Aloha, glad to have you here!
that was corny : /
Finally got a day off on three weeks! Going to rehearsal for some rad stuff I'm doing this summer. Can't wait to share with you all! Xoxo ♥
Old School. Vince Vaughn
Four days until recess.
I just busted out laughing infront of EVERYbody. Hahahahahahahhaa! YOURE SO FUNNY.(;
(cont) tupperware, economic crisis music, Justin Bieber's kids, pepto bismol shots, an asian store, snuggie cult...
Curious to see what my Facebook pre-IPO shares will be worth on Friday. Good times! Mo money mo money!
The final concurrent session at Faculty Academy begins!
Was just reminded by that today's Bikram yoga class is 90 min. not the 60 I was thinking. A new panic has set in.
On behalf of white trailer trash everywhere we will not take these insults lying down. Reclined perhaps though.
Hey , you should declare Free Comic Book Day a national holiday.
I'm hoping! Cheers!
Can't believe it's our last full day in Kauai. Gotta make the most of this time before we fly out tomorrow!
Mom needs to hurry up with these tacos.!
aw, too bad I'm not up in Los Angeles for that... Sounds insightful!
i love you and i will and forever be a fan! <3 sending my love from the philippines!
Fun school. I've done some work there. Parents very supportive
YOUR FUTURE: I'm DYING to know what you are going to say when the call comes. Practice on a banana, or a piece of corn. Ring, ring - hello?
the part DeMaio called "the black hole" a few minutes ago
Hello Bella :)
Lets go nuggets!!!
on the phone and on skype so skype me @ mz.nia3 and add me on facebook Cannon
GiveObamaCreditFor... Republican attacks about him taking credit for Bin Ladans death. I'ld fired my press guy for that foot in mouth gaff.
Thanks so much David...making the "Drums Daily" made my Day!
This week went by fast!!
some girl just asked me to go to a semi formal with her, wtf?
Last night went to my high school football game and JV and Varsity won. WHO Today cant wait for my party
of course I will
no gentlemen?
first day on set. third department of show so far.
What a shock the NBA made a mistake that allowed a big market team to advance over a small market team.
Have I really been absent so long? Twitter is different! When did that happen?
lol @ rast saying "WHO TRAPPED WHO" when he flops the stones and donk bets into phil who happens to have a flopped oesd+fd lolol
Watching a presentation on Baltimore and fighting the urge to ask as many Wire questions as possible.
listening to his music is how i feel today
Legit Online Jobs
yeah, grew up on wfan. i prayed to the holy lord tebow last year for a better qb and... i'd say He smote me.
Such a hard question!! Can I say both??
It's definitely been discussed. The ads we left on the cutting room floor are the real jewels of the campaign.
Happy New Year everyone!
Yea man looking forward to it
Bwahahahaha --> RT : Gopher fans chant "Where's your logo?" at UND... not bad.
Chosen to speak at CLE Int'l. seminar on "Negotiating Leases: Adapting to the Changing Economy" - Houston, Jan 25-26; SA, Jan 28-29
Don't play with fire, cause you will get burned.
": I hate how you can tell how recently I've masturbated based on how far back my iphone's safari history goes"
Actual life and death...I got over that
Why buy a sports car if you're going to drive it like a family van?
Really! Disgusting¡ I just threw up N my mouth a lil bit!
Happy Birthday!!
Thanks for the mention!! Definitely a great list of Tweeps to follow :-)
ready...i have a gift i need to buy and somehow hide...lol
hot girls we have problms to. Were just like you. Except were hot. "Hot Problems"
I had no idea you were a rocket scientist,
Lakefront freezing my ass off
There are 3 female officers on board, a medical doctor, auxillary machinery ofcr, damage control ofcr
LOL I hate when people take credit for something that's not theirs. Terrible.
Getting ready for Ejhs(:
Super productive day today 😊
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
If it's already paid in full, Then why is it always A.O.D (Acceptance [of Jesus as your lord & savior] on Death)?
*news media ignore....
#WorldAidsDay Get tested. Know your status. Protect yourself and your loved ones. Talk to your kids. We can stop the spread of
listened to Bloom twice since the last tweet. Two thumbs up!
can you help me find a dress?
look out your window
heading to vegas in a couple hours. Would love to grab a drink w/ you.
Que buena noche' ... All the hard work paid off!!!!
#cnndialogues there is a double standard in Bahrain...not enough attention paid to them....
seems to be a lot of that going around... Must be the season!
is getting ready for the family campout at Sherando.
KEEYAH! (That's a karate chop)
I'll know I have a problem when I hit cup number 4.
RT : It's a good thing I got a text last night, otherwise I wouldn't have known I needed to be in cincinnati by 2pm today...
SIX days left to register for the JPA 5k in Grant Park! Visit www.juvenile.org & help support JPA's mission to protect children from abuse!
guess ya dont have work today.
roughing? R u kidding me. Bad call. Dallas loves
It looks like the great Coach Summitt is stepping away from the game. She had a great career and was a great coach
Going for the sweep tonight. I believe!
Nobody liked it when I was proud of my stories and my characters, so now I am going to talk more shit than you will even believe
everything will be alright!
Today has been an amazingly day(: he's amazing<3 And I love you ((:
It Happens To Me Alot o; , Naa . iPhone
TY Glad to connect. Looks like we have lots in common (U may need to school me bout zombies). Lk forward to tweeting w/ you.
I'm sorry .
Just got text (spam!) claiming I've won a prize from ??
my sister says the same thing to me. Just cause we are 21 now doesn't mean we are alcoholics!
jagoda, my cute wife .$ how you doing ?
Our milk stout goes on tap tomorrow! Stop in for a milk stout mustache :-)
I HATE when girls are like "ima so wifey i will roll your blunts for you" stfu you dont even smoke!!!
Mr Weenie says "STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT THE FREE AV" :)
Right back at ya!
I need to speak to someone about my mother's phone bill. Will someone please contact me.
You da man, Trevor.
Yeah, haters will say he choked in this game even though Wade choked WAY MORE in the final minutes of this game.
I am so jealous!! Me and my wife will be looking for u guys!
"That wasn't my hat." *snickers*
Off the Mississippi tomorrow! Thank the Lord!
I went with my Mexican gut and am at Dos Rios. Couldn't find the place but must be on top of it.
omg now your being indecisive lady... Let's just do it!!
You are Very welcome, Adam! Any tips on how someone should go about hosting a Travel Channel Show? Thanks. Do well Always! :)
great interview w/ McCabe today. I am helping Grose/McCabe on their Saturday show.
and WOMEN! :)
Atleast we are back to the top of the order in the 9th.. we can still get this one I have faith Let's Go O's
has a new Parent Handbook available to help parents prepare their children for Kindergarten
We'll help you get your move on. Hey! Just noticed has vans now, thats pretty handy!
So I need some more followers I'm all over Facebook its time to start tweetin
Kids at work today what a hoot got some great sound!
Marketing Metrics: What to Measure in Marketing Part II - Website Metrics
Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup...
great. I'm going to try to make it after sons soccer game. They are young so they might be overwhelmed but think it's cool
Or #Caps fans how's this. Horn horn horn OBAMA! Horn horn horn OBAMA!
Jus got done with practice
just livin the dream Jake! Too much fun here in #sandiego for sure! Howzit with you?
What a bizarre plot, having Zac Efron hook up with his mom in The Lucky One.
Im watching Fred Hammond perform now and his band is awesome....
What's goin down in tha CO
Tacos or puppies. You can only choose one.
AW, i went in the circle pit with le big scary men.. almost shit my pants.
To quote Snake from The Simpsons 'Oh No........COPS!' which means it's me time to become Rachel's scatching post....
he might be at suite at home games, I know he not traveling n he shouldn't. Let him stay home n heal up
Ziggler Sizzles, Henry Fizzles
Read a book
this is rach!
No ones gonna stop me you'll see I will go far
next diss chp: Arctic expeditions after completion; how members-Inuit, explorers, scientists-shaped Arctic life and ideas about it in 1920s
so when your kid grows up do you tell them how you got famous by being a drunk mess on the beach?
#AGuyShould know how to drive a stick shift. After all, it is called a MANual.
hahaha! thanks, babe. nice seeing you!! :)
My head hurts. I'm too tired for this dinner.
Habitat Meeting in 15 minutes in the Admin Room 314A
Thanks, seems to be okay now. I guess we'll let you know tomorrow if it didn't! :)
In the self governing organization, trust is the hierarchy.
Sliders & Beers will bring some Cheers!
You're right. is a little too limiting
same to you brother from another mother
RT if you have less than 2000 followers. Just follow & watch your follower count rise. No joke.
Was it a Titanic story that made you react to the "she" boat thing? I've been thinking that same thing all week!
sure thing. X
Vernon Fisher - Classical Guitarist, Solo Guitarist and Pianists, Guitar and Bass Duos, Two to nine piece Swing Bands www.vernonfischer.com
I can't wait to use this in my classroom-thanks!
white vs. black iPhone... I had the black before & liked it, I just worry the white will get dirty and look gross. thoughts, tweethearts?
I love when I actually enjoy text message conversations. Thank God for people who actually know how to act like a human being
Coming to an ad near you... RT The Democrat Majority Leader just said that voting on budgets is a waste of the Senate's time.
I may have single-handedly moved Skrillex and LMFAO to the top five listened-to tracks on the website.
Nashville rocks
Major headaches tonight with FCP X. Trying to move trailer of into FCP 7 to export OMF. Using Xto7.
Go to recycle bin, select all right mouse and restore, RT : Find or un-delete the Recycle Bin on #Windows #Vista?
I HATE that i let you down.
I'm starting to wonder if we can trade this for Speech credits...
Be easy on the eyes:) Grate(dont slice) cucumbers, wrap in cheesecloth, and put on ur eyes. Grating releases more antioxidants than slicing!
Just finished #walkingdead. My mind is blown.
ITS ON!!! SEASON FINALE OF CASTLE!!!!!!
Happy 4th of July, Long Beach!
#frontline is such a fascinating program. What a nerd I have become!
a drink lol
I agree good music
RT : Dear World: Viral is a possibility, not a strategy.
I don't see anything cute about typing l!k3 +h!$.
Dear , "Copy With Reference" is one of the greatest things ever invented. Thanks! Love, Me in #LawSchool paper-writing mode.
RT if you want a #SHOUTOUT - Must be following
:) i ddnt get ya mention til like 3 this morning
Considering digitization of culture as a civilizational task and could be considered the challenge of our generation. Ben Vershbow #web wise
Does all the recent rain (or mid-terms) have you feeling drained? Swing past the Q with a friend and recharge with some Stumptown espresso!
at my Job.. Krogers
Apparently you cannot hashtag numbers
Georgetown council member Bonnie Skinner wthdraws from race to focus on family; plans to fulfill current term
ayyy just get ready to see some curves lol..... yo i needa finish this paper. smh. (twitter=major distraction)
iso conference room (~15ppl+) in SF for next Mon eve (5-8pm) to use for internal meet-up. can we use your conference room?
Jack in the box tacos + Girlfriend + Zomebieland= <3
Just came back from a whole day of
RT : myself starting a sports management co..what should we name it?
DARN Fallout Boy for putting their music in my head! It's 7:41 AM and I'm already singing.
RT : RT "(Forests are) the "lungs" of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people" -FDR
Sorry just as before, your pet Bayless has caused me to change the channel. I tried... couldn't take it anymore.
What do Teachers want to see? Limited time - if the packet is to thick they can't take time read it. Can pull together resources?
Eating so yummy!
yeah I plan on it. I work til 9 though.
#fridayreads: THE WORLD WITHOUT YOU by Joshua Henkin (, June). Loved MATRIMONY, now this too.
they have karaoke on Mon & Thur at Chevy's in Burbank. Not sure how far that is from everyone.
this temple run ?!!;
Hey! Thanks for the info! I know we don't have 742 this week - but Sue & I have 640 tonight! :)
Gerrard is the fucking man
LOL! I thought you were mocking him, till I see he agrees w/you! LOL!
I CANT BELIEVE YOUR JUST SENDING THIS TYPE OF STUFF 2 PEOPLE! THERE COULD BE A 8 YR OLD THAT CLICKS YOUR LINK AND SEES THAT!
. show results of other orgs, highlight customer adoption & share data from sources like to encourage buy in
it was a snap decision.we put in the order about 2 mins before closing. I think we would have all lost. dogzilla on me next time
I LOVE MY FRIENDS & FAMILY!!!  RT IF U DO!!!
ikr! lol good times..i wonder what we're doin tomorrow..like why would we learn new stuff before break
RT : All vehicles on SB I-5/805 are being diverted onto the SB I-805 bypass lanes due to a vehicle on fire in the gore point.
When did the "infographic" become a 4-page jpeg consisting of boring charts & stats stylized with hip color schemes and serif fonts?
I can't wait to see your new video! You're so funny(:
Yeah, you have to make sure you are ready for something like that cause things can get bad really fast :P
going to the mall at 4pm to sell CD's. Get one here www.IQHipHopcom
Falling in Love with Love
Thanks & good to know! I'm actually in the process of revamping my site/bio/resume as I begin the search for a new job
We will b back soon.....
Its going fast #greattimes urs is coming fast too! RT : Just chopped it up with the good bishop time is a tickin.
: I've been a #Batman diehard for over 20 years. I have Batman on DVR and watch at least an episode each day.
They should rename the San Francisco bus system to "$2 Homeless Porn Rides"
Cocoa's deferred UI initialization struck again this morning, this time I was ready!
About 2 Record My Version of Marvins Room.
People often try to negotiate with shy dogs, and move in to them and give affection when the dog isn’t ready to meet them
Excited for tonight with my girls ! 😘❤
if you were Ginseng on '97...
gas bandits!!!
Grr! I need my hair done.
Good luck to the #Badgers #Packers and #Brewers this weekend. Since the #Cubs are still waiting until next year. Come on out to watch!
i concur. I was looking for a cape or something
On my way down the hill now. See u soon.
don't ever compare us to Knicks fans ... My god
planed so yea he just had to have 2 stents put in but he was very zonkered afterwards :D olo
#nationalhonestyday is today SO LETS BE HONEST!!!! WHOS GONNA BE HONEST TODAY
We hope you enjoy the game!
RT : Woohoo, I just won a Kaiser Springform Pan from ! My day is made :) KosherEye says congrats!
What's the best cure for cold weather blues? #FishFry &
Keep typing away...
dude you have a great sound! I really like "This is God"!
it may rally the (R) establishment. But I'm still voting for Pres I won't be fooled by their rhetorical BS!
get er done and start selling to their customers.
working on getting specific data, should have a much more thorough response in a few days.
Ugh, we're already busy at work :/
suzie!! i need u n my life right now
The meek may inherit the Earth but they will never be chingones or much fun to be around!
IM SO EXCITED RIGHT NOW EVEN CAPS LOCK CANT SHOW MY TRUE EMOTIONS. HE DID AMAZING<3 YOU ARE INCREDIBLE
If 3 in a row is a hat-trick, what will tonight's 4th consecutive playoff win be?
Life for what it is !
have or seen an official attendance number for tonight's game yet?
The sky is so pretty right now. Ah.
omgomg; i gotta tell you some stuff tomorrow!
Day 3 of captain's school today. My first exam (chart navigation) is today.
RT : If someone SERIOUSLY wants to be a part of your life, they will SERIOUSLY make an effort to be in it."
hahaha the beginning creeps me out :p
"watch out now" -
American Airlines is bankrupt. Now I look like an idiot for investing my life savings in the peanut and small pillow industries.
les go
no, when does she reference a year? I specifically looked for some indication and never found it.
"I learned to like the taste" Vinny Vega doing work
One week from today: Free Comic Book Day 2012. Free comics and amazing sales!
Have you ever made roasted quinoa and red potatoes with curry? It is really yummy and healthy!
do you know if iaMmE are coming to Chicago soon?
Plus they have to hate the Chevy Volt if President Obama likes it, right?
I read situation perfectly. Was going to fall to 12 BBs by nxt lvl. Knew I had opportunity to get way abve average as a decent fav. Tilting.
nevermind...you're slow.
Ah. That's just a twitter thing, not related to our site. Fair enough, though.
Nice! Happy Mother's Day!
Disclaimer: #iBelieve fighting for a black man's rights should NOT mean failing to fight for black women when her aggressor is a black man.
I cannot believe the Saints allowed 7 points...cmon guys.
Realize that I'm horrible!
Lived with both Blackberrys and IPhones. Had a blackberry while I had an iPhone. So Blackberry or IPhone? Both.
“: FACT: You cant say the letter "M" without your lips touching.” false. I just did it. Just put ur hand in ur mouth.
Traveling today from FL to KY, the long way home. Alabama has some beautiful scenery and the drive up Highway 19 was calm and leisurely.
#IfItWasUpToMe you would live closer. Long distance sucks.
I'll drink to that!! RT : After a long day there is NOTHING like a double So Co on the rocks! Oh my!
Ok Dominos, time to arrive please.
Ima look like a bum today
Hahaha I'll try that next time.
“: I'm such a geek, I send my husband Calendar invites when we talk about doing things. Lol.” <--THIS=ME! lol
The blogger lounge was OK at #FNOKoP there was only one blogger there! Where you there last night?
"technology multiplies human capital"
In a few hours, on the train to nyc!
I'm sorry Bree!!! but I'm soaking the pants in shout... 😨😢
Now, the long drive back to ATX. 😔
whats Good Mike!
I wish could come to El Paso:)
classic episode forsure !
S/O to on Blog Talk Radio! Do your thing my Sister!!
follow my personal account itsEllieeexD. I go on there a lot more often, this is just my account for 1D haha
I had such weird dreams last night.... :/ they were so random too.
So much I want to say right now, but Momma always told me if I don't have anything nice to say, I shouldn't say anything at all.
TGIF! Since everyone seems to have a dollar menu these days, why not us? Mention twitter today and get a slice of coconut cake for $1.00.
Why is my arm numb? >.<
making it count daily team! Waving from TX
Thx. I'm crowd sourcing movie reccos. ;)
everyone please follow my Labrats Buddies
Shout out if you are playing underdog Kickball, Flag Football, Softball or Volleyball today.
real suave beatboy
What happened to Morning Deals?
Seeing the Motorhome challenge (again) on Top Gear makes me want these as DLC in a future Forza
Trey Songz for unintentionally funny lyrics FTW!!! Agh ... no more sushi places that play slow jams!!! Tipsy+Fish+Slow Jams= squeaky giggles
"many series & movies" lol! “: Please someone, tell me what series Heather was in? #RHoOC”
thanks for the RT!
“: Happy Birthday Austin!!😄” thanks!😄
Let the riots begin in Vancouver #Kings win haha
HD1 happening today. Submerge, Detroit Public Library, and local, excited teens! And a nerd named Denise.
Someone please save me from my misery.
that's a really weird dream but funny 😄
did you audition for Wedding Singer?
PLK - JAKARTA - YOGYAKARTA.. I'm home!
I agree. Should he have to blatantly say it's fiction, though?
I may be boring but I always hit up the breakfast buffet at Chinook winds in Lincoln City. Then I lose some money to casino
Taking a few days from the world shutting my self from the world in a room by my self with music to drown out the rest of it...
This is my friendly public service announcement to remember to fucking clean your ears
Good luck today to !
Bout to head to mac town to shoot at this diggy simmon concert with my boy
Pardon my political pause: But HOT DAMN do we need some 3rd party independents in #Congress to stop this partisan voting crap! COMPROMISE!!!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at #chsconf10! Come visit the BioOne booth and learn more about our 2011 Collections.
Osceola, Wi firefighters have just removed one body from a badly burned house, still searching for one more possible victim.
2 called third strikes to start the 2nd. Timmy looks good so far...
Well, I'm involved with this business now that's very promising so far and if ur interested I can tell u more...
Man im excited about Christmas. Who wants gifts?
I agree. Peeps are gross.
I cant believe that Kim & Kris are already getting a divorce....
Pretty scary. The explosion must've been enormous. Middletown is at least 12 miles from where I live in Cheshire.
haha, trademark application forthcoming
Hello to our lovely promotions team leader! Wishing you a good day!
I have a crush on you:)!
What you have in that song is deserving of it. Look forward to hearing your thoughts.
oh okay
Wondering if a certain lady is done being mad at me yet.
sounds good !!! would love to put a face to all of us !! where ru gonna be sunday ?
Good morning. Getting my morning reading in.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOOKING FOR PROMO'S??? HIT ME UP FREE TWITTER BLAST ON THE MIAMI PRINCESS NETWORK INBO ME 4 DETAILS..I TRAVEL!!!!
I love how the Milwaukee weathermen refer to 38 degrees as mild. I'll take it!
are you using twitter on the phone's browser or as an app?
you bet little bro. The next few months are going to be insane and incredible, get ready! You're gonna be famous!
STR8 CRAZY LOLL
gonna take a power nap to refresh my brain
I got my throwback on and I smell bomb af
Everybody's going out tonight while I'm making that 💰💰 I could go for a cocktail soon though! Aka this weekend for 18th 🎉
We will be announcing our Raffle winners from Friday nights Head to Sole fashion event!!! Keep your fingers crossed!
You can't be conceited & look like spike from land before time !
Getting all settled in after camp. Our April Camp grads were so great!
Lmao I just witnessed a girl throw up in front of me from hitting the bong
When Apple comes out with the new iPhone it better have a longer battery life!
The redskins need to run options and pass bout 45% of the time...
Adele is on repeat right now! Forget that trending topic I was doing lol
i need kate's last name from john and kate plus 8. do u know it?
Does the league have lawyers for that or do they just consult a spreadsheet? "Purple nurple, row 17. See column 4 for fine..."
I have OCD about a few things but nothing more than saying thank you. So thanks to and everyone who came to the show tonight :)
Dude just don't know i had that i am in the wrong classroom type of look on my face.
James Dempsey Champ talks about his win, respect for , and beating a stacked STT while being bet on live!
Way to go!
You don't know what you have until it's gone........
"You try scowling while someone shakes their money-maker in your face"
New phone number
one more in the name of love
Rose Garden Boutique is the exclusive, online retailer for fabulous Canyon Group chenille bathrobes! www.rosegardenboutique.com
Ima shave my head!
I am so tired but I have to go to Physical Therapy.
Just found out i'll be in attendance at the AAC tomorrow night!!!! #Elllllyeahhhhhh!!!!!
this was great - check it aht, pgh! CLOSING this week: Heroes & Villains: The Comic Book Art of Alex Ross - don't miss it!
Please Please Follow Me! :) I think you are an amazing singer and actress!!
I cannot believe there is no San Diego chapter of the rose society. Del Mar, yes.
This Kentucky v Kansas game is good already....these boys ballin!!!
Official member of #LAFITNESS!
If sucks at Jeopardy, I'm going to be very disappointed.
You are amazing! <3
Young woman on panel, Kira Annika said she fell into the same routine of paying rent/working/rent.
Walk away 4rm it with a pain in Ur Heart-knowing U did the right thing. Rather than stay with the pain & regret not leaving.
$2 Tuesday. $2 Tacos. $2 Tecate Tall Boys. (we have vegan chicken today!)
Such a pity!
wow awesome! How many pies did you sell?
great to meet you. Hope to see you in chicago soon
I Think I'll Be Changing My AVI Soon.
When will respond to my I love you tweets?
Ump can't squeeze you on a swinging strikeout.
Finally saw "Hugo" today; one more best picture nom to see before next Sunday!
thanks. The mug was a gift from a friend. Fits my clean look :)
too lazy
I hate it when lord of the rings two ends and the third one is not on right after
