Don't waste your love on someone who isn't worth it
It's a good game! LET'S GO AZTECS!! ⚾😃
Is obama's Silent Speech so much Impressive? I feel less sympathy for Obama's eloquent Silence than US citizen
Forcing people to pay attention. Group Leader Interview
I texted you -_-
A’s open the 2012 Major League Baseball season tomorrow in Japan
I see you, there on the horizon, longing, a look of anticipation on your face. I hope we can meet and travel and seek together my friend.
got it, thanks! Good call on being John malc, been a while since I've seen it.
Thanks Joyce! I appreciate it. Btw, thanks for posting the blog. Let me know if I can return the favor?
That's very helpful. He's in UT, any suggestions on how I get it there?
Toss me a cigarette
Heads down thumbs up now you're WORKING LIKE A BOSS ON A WEBSITE DUE TO A CLIENT.
Let's go... Show Brandon Jennings some love and make him an all star
Thanks for the follow! Check us out Thursday, March 22 at Plush. Girl-loaded lineup with #LangenNeubacher, &SuzieCue
if you'd only try turning around.
987 members on AAUW: American Association of University Women Facebook group. Going for 1000.
Results are declining in importance at a time when resources are more scarce. There is another path: scaling what works-
SWEET Tweet!
Fucking annoying... And childish.
Do you manage your own rental property? Want to simplify the rental process? Here's how...4rentsigns.com
FML. I forgot all about my interior design final. Looks like no sleep for me..
It needs to happen!
Getting braces the first week of August...
“: Probably the (non-Chinese) person who has murdered the most dogs ever is Sarah McLachlan.” you'd agree!
even Rio should retire.had enough of this bullcrap now.and you go study!!
I keep trying to explain everything that is going to happen to Wiki. I'm not sure that helps :P
miss you too! always a willing guinea pig. ninja chaitinis?
Finally ate at ! The garlic fried rice was bomb.
reading about anticipatory systems
I LOVE THAT SONG!
All in all it’s been an amazing week so far
Are you serious ? youre Pathetic.
Watching MVF...god I love so much!!! He's awesomesauce.
I am diggin' it so far!
And now I'm left behind, all the time. I will wait forever, always looking straight. Thinking, counting, all the hours you wait.
I'm starting to get worried, but
Flood insurance? We check all the top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
Where'd you see that at though lol, don't see it on the Jet life website. you gonna give me the rolling tray?! lmao
I am so hungry
May you encounter the Glory of our great God just enough to be terrified by the strength, power, and holiness of our Lord.
It's hot outside man, need to hit up the pool
Act Naturally's own Rob Roy Fitzgerald will be on Thurs. Nov 3rd @ 10pm. Peter Berg is the shit! But his shows never stink!
I hope you start feeling better! Xoxoxo I love you!!! Here's a question if you get a tv show will you stop making YouTube vids
If one tries to navigate unknown waters one runs the risk of shipwreck.
"Soon we may live in a world where the only people opposed to gay marriage will be gay people who are married." -Craig Ferguson 5/9/12
#ipdc is turning out better than I woulda thought yesterday.
Happy Birthday Kenny!!!! have a blessed day!!!
Our social media seems to be working for us. Live jobs / job board is loaded. I guess it could be my charm...
If this bitch don't stop rocking my chair.....
I love LA but I'd rather move him over Batum. Batum has 'killer instinct' LA lacks. LA for Rondo?
hey now.!
Thanks for the FF!
iknowww right !? Lmfao. Idgaf about NOBODY relationship except my damn own. &it aint w him ha
Tonight we started filming on first ghost horror!
Since Dr. Mok first developed & copyrighted CST, there have been many attempts to "copycat" his work
After last nights concert I am officially a fan!
Oh dear God..... Spartacus is over... </3
I love France! I speak it, and worked at a French cafe. How did you know?
Happy two year of not cutting and not being 'there', to me! Two years clean and many more to come
Kavatica plays their reunion show May 28 w/ Parallels and 9 more! Who are you going to see tomorrow at MusicFest?
Do right. Do your best.
i feel like im losing trust for by him not telling us about him and selena, he would get more respect if he just came clean
iain says hi :) and that millennium is much better than west view
You may feel like you're running in place, Virgo. Stay strong, you will soon see evidence of your progress.
I thought Zetterberg imbelished a bit. Webber is gonna pay though.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Some people walk into your life and make it good, some walk out and make it even better.
Congrats! And this weekend you'll get to run a wicked fast marathon :)
lol..i wish
Ah guys best thing ever just went down! This guy said "you sing likea angel" awww so happy! Haha
Freddy v.s. Jason is one of my favorite Movies. Lol
Why is Yahoo news portraying Neverland Ranch as such a normal place?
Woke up really early (for me, anyway) and had a fitness evaluation. It's gonna be a bumpy road, but will get less bumpy the further I go.
I hate the animal rescue commercials... they r to sad!!:,(
when u follow me, I follow back (:
You were better than the judges' scores #TeamDrivingMissPeta!
Our representatives salaries should run short a lot sooner. C'mon CNN, do some research. Report the facts regarding the money.
One big Spanish family, full of shit-talking bitches.
They are opening an additional location in Carmel
First day alone on the streets. Route 31. All day. MKE MCTS.
SORRY, but NO!! I am not running for President "this" election!!
Train your Brain. Get your alpha (waves) on. Associative state of your brain.
Yes lady I am sitting in the floor. Get over it!!!
nope i was just wondering
Read some tweets about how Greyson is gay because of the way he moves his hands…???
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 i love you xo
Send them to me!!!
RT discussions and thinking on SOA for pure client technology - still split opinion on that. To cloud or not to cloud... (via )
I bet it would too!
I don't have 2011-2012 entered yet. RT : yes, I already have the 2012-13 school calendar entered into my phone.
Kinkos is copying and binding my dissertation as we speak!
I always forget about the time difference, Saturday! <3 Sleep well.
Looking forward to meeting w/ the team at in just a bit!
Choreographing 'Up All Night' for concert 1 week earlier
yeah it blows when you dont have a phone
A band & food in spaights
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 76
haha there's a nice place with 2 dollar stores right across the street from each other..
Attitude is like your underwear; you must wear it, but never show it.
I can't lie - I was hurt when you unfollowed me, ... but I always knew we'd somehow find our way back to one another.
“A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.”
He obviously doesn't like *school* much either. RT #CantWait till winter break....i hate skool...
Dad, we should get chick-fil-a
sweet dreams
RT : Leaders keep their eyes on the horizon, not just on the bottom line. - Warren Bennis
Time to grind!! Catch the crew from LoCote Street chillin at the spot puttin in work today! if u got that loud, hola at cha boys!
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.” -Deepak Chopra
A lead?
congrats! 2 tickets for at in your name in will call for tomorrow. Enjoy!
I bet she's really friendly to you!
jb at ohio state. Team is in final four and they play fairfield.
hahha lol um that jordan guy u guys met on sunday! lolz
You Can Smell It A Mile Away!
Fat people are not allowed to be mean . Period
Happy birthday too hope you have an awesome day ;)
‎"Impossible" is just an opinion.- Paulo Coelho
I will check them out
k. i have class at 6. Ill shoot u a txt.
Turns out you can fashion a garbage bag into a pretty good parka while pumping grey water
i'm 80% sure the current pbcore.org metadata dict was built by hand (though i'm working on a v2 and looking myself)
Chillin in Mississippi and back to Atlanta 2morrow
I'll be home next month, tell Mrs. Gutierrez to wear that pink thing for me. She'll know exactly what I'm talking about ;-) .
#IConfess I'm secretly overly obsessed with Zayn malik. :$
Practicing piano while listening to music that has nothing to do with what I'm practicing. =P
Baseball game would be great. Thanks, Campbell.
Hope hope hope
; if you have a prob with me, please write it nicely on a piece of paper, place it in a envelop, fold it up & shove it up your ass. :)))
She ain't doing shit if she ain't making u smile she can't do shit to make u not frown but who had yo back in your rain not her me
I don't remember you being this critical of crazy shit Obama said before election in fact you blamed the people around him
I can't eat scrambled eggs without ketchup.
When in doubt, both! ;-p
Does your child need help with CONFIDENCE??? Sign them up for yat at www.yatkids.org today
Next time: sunscreen.
Hmm, Marchtweetness is for basketball fans.. let me state now I will NEVER have Marchtweetness. EVER. Hockey tweets for sure though!
THIS EXACTLY! RT : can't believe that tomorrow i am done with freshman year...thank the FACKING lord I'm at a 5 year school
Just saw a Cadillac with "Head Turna'" written on the side in extremely large, comic-sans, bright pink letters. Classy!
Mich Daniels says that half of all people under 30 did not go to work today. Is he including children?
I would love to unfortunately I'm working! Boo. But I might stop by to raid your costume closets if that's cool? :) I MISS U!
Also, listening to creepy music while it's raining is so perfect for this.
she follows me
Taxis cost less than limos faster than shuttles. Check out Bing Maps taxi fare calculator. TService improving taxis.
How about 'Defenders of the *Human* Experience'?
My fuckin eyes burn
yeah it definitely has, its interesting
That's chill haha wasn't kito supposed to take my sis today ?(x
i really hope someone asks how jerry is.
In 1992, orchestra leader Lawrence Welk died in Santa Monica, Calif., at age 89.
Ya know. To be honest. I wouldn't trust somebody I thought was whore either.
I was like "How does he know my name?"
Today's my birthday and it's been sucky. RT?
It is wonderful seeing people up here in Pittsburgh, but I am so very ready to go home
Lunch time Brio
Just stumbled across a TV show called "Ball Boys" which is an identical replica of #PawnStars but w/ sports memorabilia. Know of this?
My co-workers are excitedly talking about how unexciting the iPhone 4S is, so I guess Apple got the exposure they were looking for. Touche.
Have a Blessed Birthday Pastor Prince
Wondering how to make your staff more productive? Give them Reel Simple Life & watch their focus soar & stress evaporate...
Listening live to #ewnconf on AZTV. She's sharing great insights into what it takes to be successful.
says it well at #Norway / side event at #CPD45: We have nurture our young ppl to help them make right decisions.
thanks for the shout out Joel. looking forward to what's ahead!
thanks man!
its just physically impossible to have another me in the world, have you ever wondered how much chaos there would be? I do!
J HUD DID THAT BUT I THOUGHT A TRIBUTE IS A NUMBER OF SONGS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks! You're up late aren't you? Finland?
Congratulations on the epic win!! You all deserved it!! Good luck against France!!
I bet soo
SMH... wrong response!
HA! if you have a "strong, restless desire" also known as a "hankering" to come to Denver Feb 10-12...come say HI!
Help! Taking daughter & 4 of her 19 yr old friends out for dinner tonight. Suggestions on fun/interesting places in Raleigh?
Shout out to for being a great mom to the best thing thats ever happened to me NYLA! Happy mothers day!
DOC SHORTS 1 is pretty damn solid. Not really a weak link - standouts for me are: IT AIN'T OVER and MINOR/MAJOR
did you still finish them?
YOU ALREADY KNOW BRO,BRING THE DRUMS OUT.
We just got notice that we have our permits to climb Half Dome in August! See you soon !
Being held hostage at Swope Auto. Why does it take all day to buy a used car?
what do you recommend??
So for that short film - We need a cool eclectic & ethereal bedroom & bathroom in OKC to set. Anyone know of a place?? Please RT!
Slowly I'm deleting everyone from Facebook I no longer need to have contact with
cundiff is active. Start him.
Mike Caputo had arguably the hardest hit I've seen this spring. Met Melvin Gordon in the hole and body slammed him to the turf.
I hate when people tell you things at the last minute. Its like so you couldn't tell me sooner???
We said it b4.... Models Artists Producers Photographers WHOEVER!!!! HOLLA AT US!!!!! #WENETWORK!!!!
Done with high school and now doing graduation practice today :)
We can't go on taco neck safari without you! RT : Seems like there's a lot of people with Taco Neck Syndrome today.
#AtABlackChurch they will offer you chicken before you leave.
my bad gotcha lol
my future is my present, my present is my past. My presence is a present kiss my.
#3WordsForYou Like Me Too?
Happy First Day of Spring!
I'm starting to feel really old. These young whipper snappers can't sing & they're loud & they're almost naked. Where's Buck Owens?
Rickety Henderson ladies and gentlemen!
No more #ABCScandal and no #BFV (heavy sigh) TV is real bunk right now. I miss &
I just check when the treasury is going to open & a little before I start waiting for it...sometimes it takes a while! :-)
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Well it's also raining and Yankees fans usually wouldn't drive down here for a shorter series than normal.
“: RIGHT NOW, Rex Ryan's ass is itchy.” I bet it's always itchy. Bi don't trust his hygiene.
#ff Cool #Milwaukee Peeps
seriously though.
My new MacBook is hard 2 use -_-
yes. Worse than CCS drama
We're tapping & to explore: How to make online primary sources *work* for teachers & students?
Yeah, that's how we're taking it. We've lost a few in the last four years, but they all lived long, with great times.
I know! But iPhoto is so easy for basic edits.
Whitney Houston, your one of the greatest! May you rest in peace
thanks for the RT andrew!
#np thinking about you - frank ocean 💙
Post-tornado customer service final assessment: = phenomenal home mortgage = abysmal. So glad our house is back in order!
Were I not just meeting with constituents, something Smith does poorly, I would have gladly called your show.
GOD NIGHT(:
Oh well yea theu don't really sing the same songs
babe Ruth
Seems like it, I can't find any reports otherwise :)
Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom. The first is being a bore. ~ Sir Cecil Beaton
Oh these damn laker fans were not talkin all this shit the other day....shut that shit up
why did you?
It's 57°F out and I'm driving around in my MINI.
when is this going down?
better than sunlight?
wys i been thinking that about a few of mine
Remember me?I miss my followers!
Best of luck to you!
Thanking God my wife and son are safe, after learning the minivan they were driving in caught fire and was destroyed.
Coaches can benefit from having a closing strategy to use with their students.
so stoked!
I guess I did grow up and moved on if I just shrug off when I see #OOMF talking to other girls sexually lmao I din gives no fucks
With a strong fist to save the world lost in the woods of the blood shot angel eyes~
I'm back in Chicago training advisors for Wealth Financial Group. What you don't know about Medicaid spend down can ruin your legacy...
you got the juice! Haha might just have to do that
Cinco De Mayo dance!!!
Saturday means Art + Design Night in the Design District. You DO plan on being there, right?
he'll probably duck n dodge...get a decision...while boring fight fans to death.
you should tweet =)
if you are your business, you are your brand.
I also like the idea of Alex Kingston in the role of Rebekah Brook
one should be fine. Dogs are allowed pain reliever. It's the whole bottle if he swallowed then get worried.
if you truly reach spiritual wellness, love can't be lost.
"Don't blame the boss. He has enough problems." Donald Rumsfeld
Did you know when I first heard "YTF" I thought it ment yay the f***.
Haven't been on in forever.
Add an exclamation point to an email --BOOM I'm a morning person.
Noah shoots like a 2nd grader
Task management -- have moved from Things to RTM to a simple "To Do" gdoc featured alone in the sidebar of the gmail web interface.
We are one hour away from today's #awcchat about editorial calendars for online content, w/ - anyone can join us!
first row of 2nd balcony!! Where u at?
Josh you just sang bro mo money mo money... there was not enough pauses in between the words and the words were too long!
why happy dance?! Good news, I hope!
u should come 2 new york
Make sure you look out for our next email, you DEFINITELY do not want to miss it.
I am the most selfish person that I know. That's my chair, that's my title. Mine, mine, mine! Don't like it then get your own. This is mine.
Cool! hit 3M followers! I'll settle for 1K! Do it for me & :-)
#TwitterBio Price born Feb. 23 1723, in vale of Glamorgan, Wales. Preached, wrote influential pamphlets, met with Founders, died 1791.
Hello World. Le Club Sports Club Now has a Twitter Account!
already marked it with pen and paper :D
Hey maybe they are ib need of a taxi...call #1800taxicab :-)!!!!!!
the sprays aren't awful if you do them correctly. I do them all the time :)
Liam and Miley. So cute.
Good Morning! Here with my love!
He says I'm smarter than Magnum P.I.
Sometimes it's funny whom you run into when you're out to lunch in Manassas, maybe some members.
Seems that a lot of #Indians fans forget that it's a 162-game season.
this used to happen to me al the time!
Q: What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off? A: Spit, swallow, and gargle.
It's time to rock East Memphis! Who's coming out to Dan McGuinness tonight? We crank up at 9:30 - see you there!
what??? wait when will it be out in texas?
you seem to always burn up cookies. What's really good... Not baking...lol
True story RT : Wizard of Oz is so unbelievable... nobody is that eager to go to Kansas.
When I grow up I wanna be just like
I FINALLY MADE IT HOME YAYYY!!! 16 HOUR DRIVE SMH...
LOL! they .... are not that. basically you have to get a character to perform various tasks in a row under a timer.
Do you ride ? And yes those are my spiffy wheels. Love that bike. The frame, the wheels, everything!
John Madden retires, what does this mean for the Madden football franchise?
Grizzlies need a miracle..
back. Girlfriend
Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC, Gansevoort Hotel flagship property, is set to unveil its guest room and corridor refurbishment next month.
Happy National Kiss Day! 💋
thank u for the follow boo!
um YEA we should go for lunch one day
Experienced the worst smell ever on the train today. Homeless people should not be allowed on the train. My stomach hurts. :-x
hello there
Conference tourney games on now, stop by for lunch!
Refs are called 2 bad calls don't want to see nuggets win.
I hope he left my check. I got laundry to do tmm
bored any one want to talk;0
We are getting ready for our Think Big Baltimore event this evening! Our topic: Where are the Innovation & Idea Houses!
Welcome to "post racial" America. Meanwhile Negroes just keep playing on their X-Boxes.
that sucks lol what was the fight about
yet he won't show us his abbs
TWITTER. TWEETER. TWATTER.
do you ever do fan meetup things at the mall or something? cause i live in austin & if my friend met you she would die [:
This customer is straight up telling me how to do my job.
Who's better wayne or common
no, but it does have to do with mcd's draft picks
Hello! This is my event planning company's twitter account...follow me on my new venture!
hm... I say that expires when you're over 30 married with kids.
I hope y'all enjoyed...sorry I missed y'all
save the last dance son
indeed! our pleasure!
thank you for following!
we are going to turn this area of South Carolina into a Corridor of Innovation. #newtechnetwork, #kw,
#WhootWhoot pull over that ass too fat..lmao
#Tebow & the Broncos did it again! Too bad that according to Timmy & his religion you're going 2 hell unless you believe exactly as they do.
11:11 HAS BEEN ON REPLAY ALL DAY LONG!!!!<3
And then my parents say why im a bad child pshhhh im like the nicest one :D
RIGHT?! like him being all shy is just a cover up. in bed he's a nasty freak!
what if one day, you wake up as a baby and all of this was just a dream?:O
is anybody else stoked for Skyrim tomorrow?!
What restaurant?
Great weather for a jog down East Ave.
Fireworks still a fire threat despite wet fall - KOLD-TV Fireworks still a fire threat despite wet fall KOLD-TV AP Entertainment News Vid
not sure how this got by us but just saw it now. Thx for an incredible shout-out! Hope you're having a wonderful day!
where was that @
We're about to debut the official #TandD drinking song, composed by Nathan Lansing of Spokane Falls CC.
awesome day for a run, #makeitcount!
Was anyone else exceptionally #sleepy today? For once, I thought I got enough
Good Luck Tonight Ryno!
RT": I just want this semester to end."
Social Media is for everyone so get ready for it or jump out of the way!
Birthday greetings from School friends!!😊😊
Photo Contest: WIN 5 nights in #NYC See our Facebook page to enter and for complete details on.fb.me/u6SrRw
I thought that was a joke. That is insane.
Can't sleep too stressed for finals cuz i can't study mehhh, last day of school tomorrow YEA BITCHEZ
just started a workout?
Proud of ya Black Man !!!! There is Nothing like a Loving Father in the Life of a Young Black Man ..
Kay! it's kinda a question thoo! :p
#WhatILoveTheMost being with my family :)
- did you get em?
for competing project called Foundry Row. Kimco wants grocery anchor, but Wegmans has signed letter of intent to open at Foundry Row ... 2/3
you're gonna regret not caring
HAVE FAITH, NEVER LOSE HOPE & LOVE EVERYONE!!☆
Miss the last five shots like theres a kid on the basket. Nice block out just now.
I don't doubt it but unless you can find me an extra 3 hrs in day or extra day in week it ain't gonna be!
oldie! Thanks. Can't wait for my new song "Anywhere" to release. Its fun! Very soon
"The AnaJet is the most valuable business resource we have EVER purchased." Scott P., Peloquin Promo
I just received a 2012 subscription to from poet/publisher James Copeland. Best. Gift. Ever.
Why are all of the attractive women over the age of 25 who love the outdoors already married?
you playin in college?
Has Anyone Seen Niall's New Haircut?.wow.unf.
Thank you so much! Let me know if you need any more help with Chirpify. You can always find Break Me on iTunes too :)
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause she finally got that restraining order
Virginia's looking mighty appealing today after MD legislature raised our already-high income #taxes retroactively
I am. I've wanted to for a very Very long time. I actually have the time to get some training in now
Swallow your mean, mean pride, Rock n Roll Hall of Fame, and put Rush in there!
I would love having Robert California as the new manager on
Me and my friend are ordering a bunch of the old Disney shows soon. I miss them.
today>all the other days.
Follow & RT this for your chance to win a VIP table Friday at the newest hotspot!
Adele is too bumping!
yes they do
You talk about dignity , honey you got none .
apparently to be set, all you really need to do is wear a Miami jersey and have one foot on the floor.
Fact: The guy that stole your coat at the bar last weekend was an Oregon grad.
Join PETA & help save animals lives! Every animal matters! I love animals - I don't eat them! Go vegan! #200K # SMday
Emails to the little queens, volunteer research and loving life!
I hope I win. I really want to :P
RT : We're 5 minutes in, and I find myself missing Anne Hathaway. (Gold!)
Does your self-conscience really work? Mine seems to have gone on a vacation.
Congrats to on his win this afternoon!
Reworking a few keyword groups today. Splitting things out to get a more detailed analysis. Fun stuff!
Oh man, France vs. Mexico , going to be a great match!
Kyles version of someone like you <<<<
Austinites will like this--I mentioned to Roy Spence that I'm writing a book about Texas and got the most sincere "Yay!" in response. :-D
Ya, we found out a while ago unfortuantely. Maybe next year? cc/
well that's cool I gotta work at 10
nice work, keeping it in the family. Hope you guys had fun.
So this is why they were worried about the debt ceiling in washington
A day of relaxation! Ah!
I think they just didn't bring it for a perceived soft team and they paid for it. Let's see if they can rebound.
I was cleaning my closet and I bumped into my 8 grade cast...
ill be there GO HAWKS!
I just checked out your blog and saw the article about the speed drumming symposium. Wicked. Not annual?
maybe he wud be up fer cuddling
Andrew fill the whole in my heart!
damn dumb a$$ broads!~> RT : You sleep w/my husband and then we go on a mammogram date?
EVERYBODY IN CLEVELAND & AROUND THE USA. GO SEE MY THEATER RELEASE MOVIE ''TOUCHBACK'' IN RICHMOND HEIGHTS OR WILLOUGHBY THEATERS TODAY
lots of things to dissect... Will someone please talk about the 'delta bravo' lapel pins that Wade and Bosh were wearing post game?
OOH AAH WHO'D YOU MEET?!:D
I tried really hard to vote today. It just didn't work out.
Healthcare Staffing Summit September 21-23 2011 at Marriott Downtown, Philadelphia
Now you guys will have two players whose knees are made of glass..Bynum and Paul ;-)..
Too many dreams. Not enough lives.
Oh God. So many tourists.
Check out the Newbury Street today from Noon to 4pm! Get a free hot cider from our Newbury Shop and enjoy a bit of sunshine!
You're a rock star! RT : is shaping up here nicely at
Cmon Tracey, get Pomerantz out of the game... get the win!
Another 6900 x 768 section of painting for The Knotted Line has arrived from Evan Bissell, looking great
Comment from Charlene Lake of AT&T @#BMAengage, in 2009 customers ask "How can you save us money" AT&T looked at it as sustainability issue
Eye Opener Series: Millennials: How They're Changing the Game.
Dude, I couldn't even stop by the restroom from 6:40-10:15pm. No way to step away from the mic. You rocked last night.
nice pictures Taylor! Jon we miss you already!
I second that ShoeDazzle tweet. After I got my faux Birkin tote, I was done.
. #Journalism must do better job covering Internet as a contested space. Doesn't fall w/in trad MSM beats
What even is life today.
But Harvard is in top 10 schools that had most int'l students in 2010-11 b/c of its grad programs
serious dude
I feel like Chinas so advanced they could just email us a nuke.
RT if you want me to follow you!! -must be following me-
I really need to find the time to update this more often
I read it in 2 days... Thats how addicting it is.
ha, steak n shrimo kinda night. :)
RT : RT Whatever you doubt you can do is precisely what you must find a way to do.
STYLE LIKE ME VIDEO DROPS TODAY!!!!!
Well, Twitter says I've hit my limit for tonight. If you're legit... I don't mind following you back. Grin. Have a great night!
brah text me lol im so lonely
Small doses of Go-Gos these day. MT : getting ready to head back to france tomorrow to my own bed - my own stuff.
penn doesn't scare me, i'lljust make fun of him for sinking a rowboat during katrina
Hmm. Just noticed that #Spin magazine has a #WorstNewMusic tab on their site which includes #MeatLoaf &
lots of roaming swine & poultry . Where will they all go?
Off to a showing..,
I've just started an outline for a 4th book entitled: "The Keys to Human Integration of Body, Mind & Spirit " Old idea coming to fruition.
Damnit, forgot on my #ff earlier (sorry John!)
The best one: I need to stay married.
Have an #AMASINNN time on your vacation!
I'm really missing I wish there were more churches like that, especially in the MKE area. So amazing, open, and loving.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within. ~ James A. Baldwin
RT Cow tipping is a myth. Cattle rarely tip even when the service is good.
What did Anaheim do for Sac besides exist? Oh, yes. Got it.
Barbeque one hot dog and one hamburger for myself, while streaming the Nuggets/Lakers game on my porch.
We have a new server/location/network ready - vpn-ub4 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Atlanta, Georgia. Available in customer area now.
More arms today. Even though I think I should be hitting legs but they can wait
When you see the least, it's when the god is working the most.
Hey big bro <3 How are you today? :) Can't wait to see you on Saturday!
Real Cool! SepiaTown gets a mention in the new April issue of Real Simple, just hitting the newsstands. (Page 62)
Please schedule another USA alum get-together in New York; it's been a while.
we want you here in the #ATL - Lemme know when you land ;-)
Prime Rib comes from ribs 6-12 of the cow.
but real talk here- c'mon guys random dick pics are weird so ya should prob refrain from em. esp if it looks like its off a horror flick.
Wow really cool augmented reality demo in 's demo
Please RT the poll and have people vote on it, interesting to see what everyone thinks of the UCL Final around the country isnt it?
I know! But, I kinda want to play with it a bit before I pay $200...
Your Daily has nice collections of interest for #educators. (Not taking credit for something I merely passed forward, btw.)
i almost left untill i seen ur mention!!!!!!!!!! what up doe
I heard that too! Same airways at once.
rocked that "Nobody's Perfect" track on album
Is that an excuse ?! No
You know you work in #PR when you get a call from a reporter about a story at 11:30 p.m. on a week night and don't think much about it.
Away until Saturday, goodbye Twitter
It's time to Defeat the Wheat, #Milwaukee! No upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu items all day today, and 2-4-1 New Grist beer.
Roger that. Toolman on it. Consider it done.
terrific. Thanks!
Passer-By Pushes Man Contemplating Suicide Off Bridge in China.Passerby shakes his hand then pushes him off. Mad because traffic backed up
tired. don't wanna go to school.
happy #FF to you too! TGIF
hi, you're awesome.
Tebow!!! What a Bronco, thx 4 the points! Belichick rocked the boat, u just confused the big Ryan, love the down spiral, y'all rock! S my...
Did I get so wrapped up in the world of music that I lost my friends? Where are they when I need them?
Hard Rock Rising edition has begun - #AfterZ on stage now - #Radiohead vibe. It's only week 1 band 1 - HOT.-
Today in Invention History: Charles Townes patents the maser, the precursor to the laser, 1959
GOD's Disclaimer: WARNING! Life-Lessons are programed with auto repeat, for learning that has not been achieved! —DJohnson (T&BNOV26)
Too bad I forgot to spring ahead and fell behind ... until about an hour ago, when I caught up. Did YOU remember to set your clock ahead?
Bout 2 get dress and get ready 4 2nite
Briefly: ROTC cadets to be commissioned today; New organization established ... - The Daily News Journal
Time to start doing yr-end filing, tax prep, and setting up for 2011. #NowPlaying / Passport: Kingdom of the Netherlands
#welcome. Glad I could help!
i thought you meant the planet Mars...that assumption made your tweet very odd but completely awesome in its absurdity.
MobWives Chicago? Oh really! I'm there!
Good morning ! God Reigns!
Gotta love rainy days, until you go to work and realize everyone hates them.
thanks james! hardly get time to blog anymore...
When a really hot girl dies in a horror movie <
Reaching out for a chocolate square when in need of a little pick-me-up? What & how women eat is closely tied to your emotional state!
No problem ! Followed ! :D
yeah and I didn't finish the questions though
Happy b'day grand genius Leonardo da Vinci! ♥ "Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication."
That's crazy talk. I watch Food Network and have never heard hype on Chicago ribs. Pizza? Hot dogs? Comedy? The best! Own that!
i heard my nigga lul boosie gotd out of jail today.,? I Hope He Stop Fucking Up And Getting In Bars
Bored! Somebody!?
not everything has to mean more then it does .
Dr. Ajay Verma #Visioneering: Alzheimer's is THE pandemic of our time. Affects 50% of those over 85, a growing population.
of* heart
Kentucky Wildcats 2012 champions!!!
Beautiful day here! Hope yours is, too.
Heard just outside our office window: someone asked, "Find him?" A dejected, "No." Makes me wonder who's lost. cat? son? bird? husband?
omg nuh. Uh!
12a landed in Vegas, then work at 330a....lesson learned
Don't forget~~~Conclusion Band Tonight~~~Tomorrow is ladies night!!!! Live Saturday's at The Proud One!
Dang it, now im thinking about that kind of stuff...
hey lady, where are you guys? We are getting ready for a drink after dinner? Still at hard rock cafe?
Yes I have unfollowed u, I unfollowed u a month ago. Go suck a Dick nw. Good Day
thank you , is for your own safety
Criminal charges against George Zimmerman expected to be announced today at 3 p.m. PST.
Just finished my first fathers day brunch as a dad and it was pretty sweet! Happy fathers day to all you other dads out there.
I need to go to bed.
Wear more funny costumes.
I could drink me a good cold beer right now.
RT : supports freedom to marry for gays. wants constitutional amend. banning it. Any questions?
I know the rights were sold but I wanted to see if there were any word about an open casting call :) Thank you!!
Don't laugh I've had #naturalhair for almost 6 years & have yet to master the twist out.
Can't get over how perfect was last night. I can't wait to see him again in September <3
Awesome! I'll check it out later today and see if I can get it! :D
Special shout out to my boy - known this kid for a while - hit him with a follow
I'm tired, #fondeuces xD this is fun!
wow! i am at 72 followers already! thanks guys! tell all your friends to follow me! facebook.com/justjawaan
Thank you for your follows! Be sure to visit us !
I should go to sleep.....*in deep voice* BUT I CANT!
Espn everyone
Me too! I love you too! 😊
that previous tweet was for you, from north and Newhall.
woo hoo i m going t be in a music video but now i have to finda nerd outfit. this may be a prob lol causei dotn have slacks lol
#military #discount 15%off ALL ORDERS Just use promo code "Freedom 15" at checkout www.1800anylens.com "Seeing is Believing"
i am following 200 ppl!lol
for every good artist there are 15 garbage ones that get more pub bc of a stupid hook. Producers are more talented than artist.
Terps come back to win game 2, 6-5, and take the doubleheader today. Series concludes at 1 p.m. Sunday.
no, you wait till guests sit on the throne, then turn on the lights, below.
My 23 yr old son just lead my 18yr old daughter and me in prayer; and explained to us why science & math prove that God exists. Wow.
Mandatory Hispanic Rant: I don't practice Santeria and I ain't got no crystal ball...
": Morning people. Wake up and enjoy the beautiful day ahead."
go buy that new too short and keep it pimping 4all u lames stay up to date,rip pimp c,get$$$live life.
We appreciate your having a look at our Facebook page MaryLola. Thank you.
COME THROUGH AND CHECK US OUT! WWW.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.COM
If Old Dominion isn't ready to jump up to Conference USA, will they stick w/ 13 teams or would Idaho or New Mexico State have a shot at #14?
Ted Leo + Rx on the Hudson, Slick Rick on the East River. Both shows are Thursday, and both are free. I can't decide.
Hopefully moms won't be on no trash and i can go over my babys house tomorrow ; goodnight twitter <3
We had a huge turnout for Famiiy Sunday , and tons of fun! Thanks for the mention.
What Kind ,? Cause I Only Eat Oreo & Birthday Cake Ice Cream ;)
Had a brief moment of confusion last night with my application. Was able to correct and submit it this morning. Very hopeful. #YES!
Pink Floyd pandora station is badass.. Led Zepplin, The Beatles, Tom Petty, The Eagles, Kansas, The Animals.. Cant go wrong!
“: Were not even doing anything at school.. #whyamihere!!!”
happy mother's day to all the loving mommas who take care of all of us.
i dare you to run outside in the middle of the night and belt celine dion. you won't.
Your welcome
I can't believe I just bought a blu ray player for a 3 year old. Total sucker when it comes to my goddaughter.
Facebook forever is social networking into the afterlife. Status update from Hell. No fundamentalist fucktards? Not so bad.
We're playing at the Wine Cellar this coming Friday, 1/14 9:00pm. Classic and current pop/rock covers, animated but not loud.
The Civil War was such a golden era for beards.
yeeeeup, you sure know how to pick 'em -_____-
Make me a third. When I was a kid all of my change was spent on Spider-Man and Conan.
Thank you for the # FF
You might be a redneck if : you have a complete set of salad bowls and they all say cool whip on the side .
#FF Thanks for the RTs & mentions
I'm reminded yet again how much I hate reading genetics papers. Ugh.
SO bummed was sent home tonight on American Idol :(
Post practice food!
Bout to sit in this meeting .... Hopefully I'll survive it ... Nothing. But. Women. Smh
At coffee shop, over-hearing a conversation about what "most women" want and how most men "are like wussies nowadays"
I Cried When I saw Phantom of the Opera, A Walk to Remember, Cyberbully, West Side Story, and MANY MORE! :D
I'm having Clyde withdrawals :(
Want a little #bling in your life? Text GRILLZ to 35350 now for a special deal from Grand Jewelers located in !
Those cheap-ass pencils with erasers that fu*k up the paper more than the mistake you want to erase.
Teaching a little girl how to play MASH....I miss those days!
have you seen twilight?
duddeee rain check!!! I'll go tomorrow after class...if thats ok..my mom is studying for a test so im here w/ michelle
I bet you beat the girl in the headband.
I've been a bad tweeter. Sorry I'm a busy girl :)
change of plans everyone im gonna call gamestop tommorow and ask how much i will get for trading in a few items i dont have use for anymore
Really interesting stuff happening around disability at #occupy sites. Is protest unfairly able-bodied-centric?
oh haha it was fine, but yeah I kinda replied late, but that's cool!
Sweetest thing someone has said to you this week. Go: You're an excellent writer. said by a pulitzer prize winner. yep!
I wish I had some pho right now🍜 yum yum!
kind of glad i'm not watching the game in public with the words that are coming out of my mouth.
someone have an at&t phone i could use ..?
Playing poker at Del Park til Super Bowl.
George Stocking: "I have on occasion thought of programming my computer to find and replace all instances of the word or syllable 'cause.'"
Stuffed after an amazing nye dinner of surf n' turf with my hubby. Happy 2011 everyone! Wishing health and happiness!
lmao im scurred you're serious
omg, I love my bed.. I promise to not leave you the rest of the day :)
Heading to work
Damn sometimes WTF????
One word: Revolution
Go Spurs
Let the Turkey Brine'n begin!
I'm wearing a white robe.
I'm so cool
No matter how silent I am outwardly, there is an intense internal dialogue going on always. Not speaking does not mean "being quiet."
epic shot by Nadal, will go down in history as one of the great shots of all time
#bulls are on fire ;)
Technical Communication author Paul Anderson will speak @ 4:45PM session on collaboratively communicating via international gateways
FREE WITH NEXT ALBUM PURCHASE: Hand-drawn "Ladies of Lifetime Movie Network" 2009 calendar (every month is Judith Light)
Blount has to share carries with a player from Boise State, hopefully punches aren't throw.
Idk why I'm pretending like I'm really going to stay up to watch this hole game lol
I've said it before & I'll say it again. Oh air conditioning, how I love you.
Listening to #openingday, Nats @ Cubs. I swear I can smell the fresh cut grass through the audio feed.
I'm a terrible Lady Pope. Had no idea they were playing tonight. But yay Popes!
“: Most Bros won't admit this but Father Of The Bride is hilarious!!! Love that movie ” FAVORITE
/via & : ... basic stats/probability should be taught in high school [21st C req'd knowledge]
... invitation to disciple-ship. My church is more politically correct... LOL
#shaunlumachi will never forget you!
Usually UI/UX unless it's a very cut and dry problem: data access patterns are critical and easy to get painfully wrong
Good afternoon everyone over here at is having a great day!! The weather is beautiful today isn't it?
i wouldn't mind chocolate.
I was talking to me stepmom call me back RT : u saw me call u!!
It takes two things for a person to accomplish their goals, the first is to say it, the second is to do it.
I would love to teach you lessons! What's your email? Don't forget to check out my sexy pix at grahambintliff.com.
CONGRATS CHAR, NO MORE BRAIN SLUG(: Wore my Haters hoodie in honor of today(: xx
just left ivy tech going to work til 8 today is going to be a good day : )
Wahooo!...Stubby's Happy Hour! Frankenmuth Pilsner and Dunkel and all apps 1/2 off today from 3pm-6pm. Get here now!
It will involves ripped tights and a Nirvana record. ;)
- no way! Class of 2001!
Just looked my twitter username on google some cool stuff came up
Definitely. PINK GOLD is one of my top five choices for knuckle tattoos. They belong together.
IPHONE ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD IMPROVED: Even though the diameter of the field has shrunk, still don't put it to your head!
We have more pics/video on Facebook! Follow us!
19. I wanna be famous , ♥
#KentuckyWildcats onward to the Championship Game! Cats! Cats! Cats!
One of the first African companies to export honey to a European market, Beza Mar Agro-Industry is no stranger to success...
Let's go
kills penalty.
Who ever said dogs were a mans bestfriend? According to my Dad a pooper scooper is mine! What I would do without my horses
Downloaded #SteveJobs, the book, before going to bed. Bad idea. It's now 1am and I can't put it down.
OK, time to go from pajamas to professional in 15 minutes! (G'morning', Fort Wayne!)
both my boyfriend and i deactivated them to have less issues in our relationship, and so far its great :)
thank you. that conversation could've gone very poorly. twitter is so hard.
RE "Eternal Sunshine"; showing clips with complex premise in class is problematic -- but it, perhaps, got you to watch the film?
School tomorrow :( god make it snow I'm pleading for a snow day
sometimes life just throws all the shit at you at once, and it doesn't feel particularly good
Tag. You're it. Now come to New York? Cool.
Watching 's "Meeker in a Minute"
haha okay loser :] !
not yet, but it's inevitable.
you're sick haha. better than Charlie Weiss??
Wagwan (What's going)? Get $1 OFF totals over $10 at G&G's Restaurant. Only w/ a
Thats just sick & wrong RT: No Tree of Life cinematography with BAFTA. Bizarre.
On your wedding day, have safety pins on hand so you are prepared for broken bustle loops, torn straps, or broken zippers.
tell me about it.
Get up get dress chill for lil bit then go out :)
starting new life but ur rite no place like NC.
Having #coffee with one of our #neighborhood #moms #taught me to ALWAYS watch It's Academic! #Future of our #talent pool
thanks Dan! Agreed, first EP was great! Think the 2nd one released today actually! See you at the show at !
Dammit kobe cold blooded
I'd take Overeem vs Pacquaio and Mayweather for all the money.
I HATE fake people!!!!!
I need to change my sleeping schedule b4 school starts again, been sleeping around 3 and waking up around 12 this whole sb:/
Glad you enjoyed your visit! What did you and your family enjoy most? Did you get to see the renovated planetarium?
welcome to ATL
Best thing about the day after ur birthday? Homemade brunch!
From prom to tv on the radio to canasta .. I have my whole life cycle in an evening
i wonder what would happen if RT this and followed i think i would bounce of the walls....:):) plz plz plz!
AP Physics done today!! Tomorrow, AP gov, Wednesday, APLAC...
Finished my gloves. Do you know in the four years of my business, this is the FIRST pair of gloves I've made for myself?
In Iowa. Learning how the Water Heater call center here works. Wow!
Yes, yes you should! :)
thought you might like those! They should make a pair in honor of each Disney princess! #collectthemall I want Jasmin's!
I think you will really enjoy the texture of the CHIA Kombucha. Right, Britt?
I feel as though I scheduled every possible meeting ever today. Sorry co-workers.
“: I think Imma have some today for lunch!” I think that's a great idea.
Arizona Diamondbacks will double all pledges for the next 5 MINUTES - call Now 602-277-3003!
I don't think I've ever had a better spring break than the one I've had this past week and a half. :) I'm so blessed and thankful!
Great deals ! Need to get my afterburn on at ! how are you feeling today?
Dear La Jefa, I'm so determined to be in 1 of your videos!! That is all baby!
Strategic Alliance between UK company and My Press Needs imminent, announcement to follow shortly
love it!!
Ya'll guys are awesome.Can't wait to see you all live!Stereo Is A Lie people!
Go drop your pounding head into a book where it's nice a cozy. See yas laterz Girl!!
try BB&Beyond w/coupon less than 10 bucks! “: If you have a Keurig, where do you buy k-cups? Looking for the best price. Thanks!”
Back in the
If you're going to retweet every motherfucker that tweets you, you're getting
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned most people die of natural causes.
HEY FAM! HOW U BEEN?
Er, grilling book.
checking with several people from my past! RT : How does it feel to suck?
Well Baby the one you blow off might be the one you should have kept
#mommydearest on tv right now. Perfect, happy mothers' day! NO WIRE HANGERS EVER!
4 miles starting at 10:30, and I still feel like I just jumped in a swimming pool...
I'd rather have a road win at Washington over 3 #1 picks. Maybe we can get a "We Won 2 meaningless games at Washington" Trophy for that?
fantastic show last night, and the Big Star show was one in a million! See you soon, and love from The Mels!
Blunt ... Breakfast
The next time I think the bus will be faster than the train, y'all have permission to smack me.
Overheard at the show last night. Glen Phillips starts playing "Crazy Love" by Van Morrison. "Isn't this John Mayer?" "I think it's Sting".
If you don't understand, then leave it at that and move on to something else.
RT : Disco fries at Ardeo + Bardeo in Cleveland Park...a new favorite! // love those!
don't go, do it at home :) RT : Can't go to yoga until this death cough is gone. Any remedies?
Good morning!!! Stop & think about what you have to do today... Then make sure you INCLUDE the decision to be POSITIVE today!
So very true. :)
Love Going hard for Christ in Cod #Team Jesus!! How great is our God!!
Current bid is $1200, do I hear $1300? Remember bidding closes at 3pm!
hard to go wrong with cocktails and infoviz.
Interesting convo 2day re: severity of child's disability in relation to parent's level of optimism.
Did ya see Elsy, boy? Did ya dance with her? "no" course u did. We all did. (Boosh)
You ain't gots to lie Craig, you ain't gots to lie.
If you spam my tl I will unfollow you
Nick Johnson, holdin it down for bald dudes everywhere
really good! Pandora's box has now been opened...
good luck, great run and strong finish!!
bo our first games are Monday.
who is also a dog,
Didn't read book for library book group tonight. Oops. Thank you, Spark Notes.
No way...like I said, CH don't hit him, we're not talking about this. Example needs to be made on this...
Still up WTF
I was awesome though lol
THIS GIRL IS INCREDIBLE¡ she has her feet, in the gorund and luciagil NOT¡
No, no that too.. but the theme of healthy relationships that grown ppl have, not like drama/heartbreak of youth
Pussy weed and alcohol is what I'm thinking about
Burning the midnight oil...website coming soon!
They do in NY I think RT : I wish McDonalds delivered!
Mr. Speaker can we speak on JOBS? because without jobs there are no conversation. This is not the America we sign up for!!
My Man! Hows it going?
yeah he really struggled in Gm3. But hit shots at end when it mattered. Plus Rondo/Allen back. Looking up. Big Gm4 tom
Rabbit 3 ways at
“: It's the son turning 10 that makes you feel old isn't it? Happy birthday to you both” yes. and thanks.
RT : RT : Last few days to catch some fantastic films Fest - Learn more about the event:...
Keep calm and Raise Your Glass to how victorious the boyz are.
ms word auto capitalizes Cyborg. Just what is it planning?
So sorry // Choppy texts are so annoying - let's fix this! What carrier do you have? Please email support[at]webgreek[dot]com
Good luck! RT : Final round interview with Wells Fargo set for next week.
It only gets worst before it gets better.
Glad it helped even it was revolting for you.
When I switch from writing non fiction to fiction, I become truer to life. Take that reality tv lovers.
#NP What Makes You Beautiful by #MASHUP What does everyone think of this up and coming boy band? Better than BSB/N*SYNC?
"god, guns, and glory." No, not in NYC anymore.
Proj1: Newsletter - check, Proj2: Free offer - check. Prepping for 3 calls this morning. Got my coffee, headed to breakfast...here we go!
#THEVOICE LADY A ON TA NIGHT.<333
no worries, next time!
we tried to submit for press passes to cover the event! Can you point us in the right direction? Thanks!
nothing much. Enjoying the beginning of spring. u?
Ready for Pretty Little Liars new episodes!!
Sharron Angle: monkeys, cocaine, and Reid
Aw (Tear) lol
much love and respect, young lady!
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!! He is a #guymahomie and #guybelieber! 3
Damn, unfortunately I'm a white straight guy.
I know exactly how you feel. <3
always so flawless. Have you seen the promo for partners?
The WWE universe Demands a DVD!! Please make it happen!!!
Wishing my little brother, Marcus a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY!!
Smile if you thankful for the day
Learn Chinese for the day: 绿色(綠色)[lǜsè] green
The recession won't be over till we raise a generation who knows how to live on what they've got!!
My text from Tannehill.. "I'm ready"
"It's what's inside that counts everyone" #sideeye LOL!
Go Caroline
Follow me? :)
Letting Go of Someone You Love Is Very Hard To Do
Transformation involves seeing beyond one's self and even one's own group or context. Few are interested in what we don't know
Instead of calling him Chris "BirdMan' Anderson, maybe we should call him Chris "BoyCock" Anderson? Cock as in rooster, of course
i wish i had an endless supply of juice right now
vinessanj: #sla2009 Put my awesome green water bottle in the dishwasher and it got warped. Be warned! Guess I'll have to pick up a new o ...
iphones and dre beats are the highest trends in technology rite now...real shxt
Compact shelving, off-site storage, barcoding, RFID, self-checkout, mobile device applications, shadow work.
aww that's cute. I wish someone would make me something for graduation! :P I guess my gift is my Europe trip xD
RIP Gil Scott-Heron
Good Night ! please follow me! you would make my life with that 1 follow!
God gave me you <3
PEOPLES >_< Go take my quiz on ROFLquiz by searching "Which Fruits Basket Character are you" in the search box x)
we got givin out swag to everybody who come to
living in Florida I've cooked 3 turkey holiday meals w/ all the trimmings and they were great and it was fun I'm beautiful
RT : The road to success is constantly under construction!
It is not in the power of men to tell folks how to live. It is in the power of God. It is revealed in the Bible.
go listen to One More Victim on Facebook or download their album Dominion. It's deathcore, but I know you'll like it.
thanks for the support! let me know what you think!
I want Starbucks.
its valenties day were u r? well if so happy valentines day. ^_^
SMH yea yea
What. A. Night.
My nigga floyd money may weather going to beat miguel cotto ass
in boston for the 4th visiting my mum, sis, and nephew Smiley Riley.. can't wait to see him!!!
It was a good fight
Hustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share!www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz :)lets blues out
Awesome! Glad you like it! RT : you, sir...are great at what you do. Cannot wait to write and record on this!
Sounds nice. I like most things really, Chinese particularly but not indian. U ? X
RT : Perfect - Jets pick a receiver who played in triple-option offense to play in their very own double-qb offense!
MSFT's Westlake: Policies that promote #broadband adoption, access key to the future
whoa! I see it still running but not northbound. I'm going to hold out for a few but I may need to save the day
#lgovsm thanks (not sure about the leading bit when I keep forgetting the hashtag)!!
We're My Buddy aaht ?
Just rocked a 48 hr business planning sprint. Micro-celebrations are in order.
Can't wait for that day!
Tomorrow is the big day. My son is getting married. Congrats Andy and Jenn!!!
Nothing like some Mizla family communal Thanksgiving drinking...good times
Good morning Twitter! Worldwide trends include "I Believe I Can Fly" which was my elementary school graduation song.
throwing a zoom fluke on shallow lily pad flats on our natural lakes here in tallahassee
fine a good one? Where?
believe me, that was the first thing that i thought about! But don't worry, puking or not, i'll be there
RT Its official. Time for the diet and exercise to begin. Just one more nap first.
seriously haha, meant to ask, are you getting wristbands for the 1D signing? :)
lol good deed
I think i broke my fucking arm; shitt
I'm the kid all my friends secretly hate.
It makes me want to cry. And change my life.
Stupid DLC you are taking too long to download.
As I see it, in terms of season length, every 10 games is the equivalent of 1 NFL game. Cubs will be 1-2. And only 1 game out. We got this!
i have got to stop singing victory ahead of time
Great site! We love what you do.
I have never seen videos of him singing. But Biebs vocie isn't pretty. Theirs is. Also they have pretty accents!
I sound sick as hell..... It's all bad.
God I love Betty White
DAYUM go make that bitch blow the fuck out lmao its her fault not mine :) thanks
Can't hold truth and honesty to anybody nowadays...
I don't get why you are disrespectful to a teacher. You aren't cool...?
“: Must. Have. Coffee. #goodmorning” seriously. Amen to that. Quad latte kinda day.
Wishing you all a very #HappyHolidays from the Kravitz Dental family!
almost all my near friends are Mahomies, and then I have a fan site on FB for the Danish Mahomies. There's about 245 likes (:
gamers fail most of the time, I think of 's talk and the "not yet" concept of assessment
AEROSMITH TICKETS PURCHASED!!!!!
And new Jetsetters you wanna follow..like this one?? :)
You might think that having tendonitis in both shoulders would be fun, but surprisingly, you would be wrong!
“: Chauncey Billups officially Done for the season with a torn achilles tendon. #FantasyHoops” FYI...
H&A anticipate this complaint by subtitling it "Philosophical Fragments," but I'd rather call Dialectic of Enlightenment a "hot mess"
On our way to the UW Biz Plan competition. We have our favorites but need to seem them up close.
oh my gosh I love you
RT : SM can have humanizing ability to reconnect our community to our representatives.
hm, he needs to really have a great camp to make it I think.
you're such nice :) and no problem! ♥
It's also not my fucking problem when your FT have hit 40 and are about to reach OT and you need me to come in earlier. Fuck yourself.
I miss you. remember when you would bake something then we would go on my roof & watch the sunset then gaze at the stars once it was dark?
I envy my mother like no other. That woman is my hero and inspiration. I want nothing more then to be an amazing woman like her ❤
get into top fests (not fake shitty ones), get top reviews, get distribution, & get careers in Hollywood. Realism > "polish."
Oh, thats cool...
love the site
RT: : Cute baristas just make life so much better.
That's 1:30 both Thursday & Friday, right?
thanks for the shout out :)
It's funny how people say "I like people who text back instantly", yet they're not one of them. And later complain about it more. Please😆
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Q3 I would love to use more seasonal items too I want to try some new things this summer
I'm so glad I got to see the Nuggets live in Phoenix this game reminds me of that one.
and yet, still no review of our debut EP "Ball My Children." I call FOUL!
I'm not sure I know what that means? How is E-Ville coping post quake? Is it chaotic?
good lawd, I have no idea. my dogs are even going crazy....
An Xcellent martial arts publication
Any day without marketing is bound to be a good day 😊
been dancing to the new skrillex album in my room for the last 45 minutes.
why is that?
"These NYC stop & frisks are not one time inconveniences or embarrassments. They are an ongoing trauma and fear for communities in NYC."
Did I un follow? If I did sorry. Ever since I updated twitter it will un follow ppl.
I will sorely miss yelling at the TV screen watching Terrance Newman give up loads of yards & consistently fail in coverage.
are you in florida by any chance? LAWLZ.
cool wrangler tutorial...I will fix the issue with the added underscores soon
Great! I did the HIIT the beach workout this morning... starting the 5day plan monday. We should workout together sometime!
can't say until it's official. But I'll just say he's done a lot of work for coaches all around the state
I cudnt punch my NFL.. Ill try for u tho Bri haha!
Oh maybe there will some ;D
Can't say I'm dying of excitement for prom on friday ... Don't know why.
I like the new logo and branding. Will score points with us Americans. A striking emblem is never a bad thing.
Having a great day talking to recruiters and enjoying time with my wife!
"we gotta make the board, Chris is gonna get mad at us!"
Wow...Facebook is so boring
Agree. That's a weird thing to say. But I do hope they get better. Bog 12 needs everybody to step up next season.
ouch. You're still mad.
Cute i want a scooter soo bad.... but i dont know how to ride one :)
Our express pedicure is 30 minutes and $35. Soak in the pedi tub, have your cuticles whipped into shape, and finish with a glossy polish!
are you having issues with your servers? My tech team is saying that weve had a page hanging in "publishing" mode all morning.
Think, "Determine the thing that can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way" -Abraham Lincoln and go to www.IamINC.biz
Awesome timing! The concert is going to be so much fun in addition to great shopping. Woohoo! XO- M
I need your help. Writing article on 11 craziest rookie hazing's in NHL history. Any ideas?
You Shine Like A Diamond, Glitter Like Gold, And You Need To Know What Nobody Ever Told You! (:
I'm starting a dislike like game right now.. I dislike Zimmerman!
Pets are like little kids... this dude does not want me to sleep... just wants to play
that's epic!
I hope being busy is a good thing! Miss ya, kinda. :)
is now open! Purple Door is proud to be on their menu. Stop in and check out this great, new restaurant!
RT : yup. All original.dudes it's an awesome project I have been blessed wow got a friends copy need to get my own tomorrow...!!
Bernie Madoff Hates You
Attention Real Housewives watching friends: Maloof Hooves are on RueLaLa today. It's a fat little shoe.
my warm feelings for earthlink/mindspring are currently overwhelmed by earthlink's smallprint partnership with verizon
To the man who pleases him, God gives wisdom, knowledge and happiness. Ecclesiastes 2:26
I really want a corn dog right now
Hey you little song birds, its that time of week again.... KARAOKE!! Come mingle with some redskins then sing your heart out!
That's why that story seemed so odd a couple weeks ago. As for Sine Die...
I told u falu had a live bat. What a great moment for falu
Not enough hours in the day. Seriously.
When Harden comes in that gives OKC 3 scoring guards...more chance for Kobe to pick up fouls against ultra AGGRESSIVE guards
Just found 4 other Sansburn's on twitter are they related
I can't deal w all the insecurities
Envisioning a joint-blog post/feature for Men's Health Month with you, on men in the online health space. Thoughts?
Wow! Maceo Parker and band was incredible!! Can't believe Marva Whitney came out & did Think!!
ABC didn't pick up !?
love arsenio and Adam.
So Im watching My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic for the first time...
Loved the wedding photos. All of the shots were creative, lighting was super and you made it a special remembrance
anything but this revised tutoring plan #nomotivation #duetomorrowdotomorrow?
Watchn the game nervous as hell I got faith in my team tho
YAY! Happy birthday !
tweet me since irene ruined my #sundayfunday /:
One Direction is terrible. And I can't stand them. But their song is catchy. Blast.
I show you some attention you start thinkin you can take it for granted, so i cut you off and you wanna come runnin back.
that would be a great idea. I have to do a lot of running around with mom though. If I have time I will
It's all in the hips
Today would have been Shirlock's 30th birthday. Glad we can head to #bourbonchase and run for him and everyone affected by leukemia.
A friend is someone who reaches out for your hand... and touches your heart.
So nervous 4 #BELIEVE tour tickets so scared what if he Doesn't come 2 sheffield? Or what if the tickets run out quickly! Omg need 2 calm<3
LAKEWOOD AS IN DALLAS?
What drugs do to ppl is so sad...that type shit will never amuse me
So what is so good about Spring in Wisconsin? Well--the snow is gone (except for Cascade Mtn. remnants visible from my windows)
Now into meat of ideas behind Imagine Austin Plan #atxcouncil #atxgov. Terms used include liveable, sustainable, mobile, prosperous
Finalizing negotiations with Peyton further proves Elway was never really behind Tebow, ever; even when winning or playoff run last season.
chill lol vampires don't sparkle that was only in cake ass twilight
Oh wow! a sequel to Husbands? He was gone too soon! Love Opening Night, Woman - the Gena focused films.
eating #banana #pakoras in bed stuy in July.
Love the Angry Birds!
well that is a given.
I need to write a blog post. My heart hurts.
john's rap: put the macaroni in the mic-ro-wave(uh) put the macaroni in the mic-ro-wave (yeah) bubblin bubblin bubblin HOT, cheesy goodness
Dreading going to social security office for a replacement card
ur a dumb bitch
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Albert Camus
I've got 7 different dates for #vday today im about to go for the perfect week in 1 day, need to hydrate on my #swagjuice <-
today is wear whatever you want to practice day... You already know I'm legends from the hat to the stirrups!
I vote for critter hats for all IL2 attendants
Hi no I don't have a spring break. I miss you love
I want to move downtown, if only because would bring me
Always a tough one; going with 5ive Style (first lp) or Five Style (second). I figured Black Keys fans needed it spelled out.
It's black people who stand accused of using #trayvonmartin as if he's a chess piece and we're trying to make a move.
had an awesome Easter dinner and had a really cool waitress:) they grow up so fast!
and now we have sweet home Alabama and some woman at the bar screaming.
and yes apparently I just tried to cheat the system
just listened to it, its awesome man!!!
I am allowed to claim exemption because I was actually born in Washington DC.
I know you can't! but hey, #veggiesforlife <3
really? Wow didn't know it was that bad. I take it all back!
luck of the Irish on these hoes, St. Pattys day weekend... lets crack some brews
Oh, I just googled London Boulevard. I'd never heard of it!! Will watch. Thanks for telling me about it.
haha my phone didn't update so that was the one I got
Happy Saturday! Enjoy the sunshine and the last of the mildly cheap gas.
I just go with "I love you but you smell like mayonnaise!" say it fast keeps It short and simple....
and tweet proves you are clueless.
Lose followers not sweet
Anytime! I'm always hunting out good coffee. If you look around you'll find indie stores leagues better than Starbucks or Dunkin
The rookie wage scale has taken any suspense out of teams signing their draft picks. At least we won't have any annoying rookie holdouts.
totally sublime stuff! Super excited J-Mike is back!
WATCHING THE BREW CREW ON NATIONAL TV WHILE CLEANING UP.
- I CONCUR.
Haha, exactly. I don't see them together at all.
RAF SIMMONS TO DIOR. HM INTERESTING CHOICE.
HA! I planned on not having a life or family for the next month so I could do just that.
Thx for the follow!
“Thruout life ppl will make u mad, disrespect u&treat u bad. Let God deal w/ the things they do, cause hate in ur <3 will consume u too.” WS
do you like sushi?
aw dat is so sad u ok doll?
I hate sundays!
So sick of politics and we've only just begun.
already did
HAZE HOMIE IS CRAZY KEEP A LOOK OUT #TEAMNUELIPHE WATCH TALENT GROW! MUAHAAAHAA
Not with the Cubs bullpen...
You look so god, tell me why you wanna work here?
I really want to see that movie! And the Avengers. Now I'm craving that like crazy
#WhyKardashians sorry I think you just give K-family even more attention with that Twitter discussion hashtag
Registering your business' trademarks and service marks with the USPTO can get complicated. Email for assistance.
Manchester City Stole that EPL Title From Man United and I Bet Sir Alex Ferguson was Pissed like he got his money Stolen!
miss you already
Saw "The Five Year Engagement" today - thought it was somewhat disappointing. I expected another 'Bridesmaids"...
The wait is almost over. We might be hitting up the studio during spring break and finally get that EP made. Oh my!
An Adam Dunn like pace! RT : That's No. 16 for Josh Hamilton. That's seven HRs in his last 16 ABs (last four games).
Giving #weirdicecreamflavor a twist: tweet your #literaryicecreamflavor My first entry: The Two Gentlemen of Vanilla
The better to OBLIVIATE with!
don't trust him, he doesn't know lol !
verytime we talk you have a test lol
KUOW at 8:06: Parents muy unhappy about proposal to change start times at Seattle Public Schools.
What a beautiful day!
“ I'm gonna follow you!”
Manage speaker expectations
Each man, woman and child in America eats an average of 46 slices (23 pounds) of pizza a year.
“CHiGOAT It's nice out think I'm a throw a small party on my Patio... Drinks and food on me...” where at?
Hi Robin! I'm submitting to you today!
lol maybe ur his twin instead of me (:
Thus I think I broke my brain, making it impossible to think of fewer than 6 things at a time.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others. - Plato
Hey thanks for following us :)
i love ur icon
what kind of librarian are you? ;)
I'm Ready For Q Gf Who Has Time For Me ^___^ Where Is She?
Thats pretty amazing ;D
Zuckerberg and Eduardo Saverin. hmm. I think I may need to sleep on this and gather my thoughts. *smh*
Hey #SD don't forget to turn on at 6:20am tom. to see and his top #tailgate essentials for the big game! Go #chargers!
Smooth! RT : Make that Ty Rattie with the goal.
Did anyone else see do the discount double check last night?
It's Giveaway Time! We'll give away a pair of Beats by Dre TOUR earbuds ($149.99 value) if we hit 200 Likes by Friday 7/22!
hey alex! Its 4pm here haha ♥
I may need to kick my own ass.
Oh no. I did that not too long ago ... I feel so disconnected from the world when I'm without it!
The likeness is uncanny! ;)
"Who owns the words? Who owns the music and the rest of our culture? We do though not all of us know it yet. Reality cannot be copyrighted"
Yes. MT : Q1 - observation - efforts are decentralized and split in separate initiatives by departments?
Bounce lil kitty, bounce lil kitty. =^.^=.
i hope u will have an exciting 2012 :-)
We just signed up for a twitter account! Follow us as we plan our big day! June 18th at the Chicago History Museum!
How many of you Hollywood actors/actresses believe in the existence of ET's, & how many of you beleive in reincarnation/past lives?
love the name and the logo! Let's get Social!
Just signed the lease. Moving in August 1st
Returned from 3 week trip to China. Did some excellent touring AND some business. Found some oppos in banking, media and energy-saving tech
Be nice to the Jets! Take that Winnipeg!!!
do you workshop your stories while in process?
Speculoos spread is the best thing ever invented, thanks
:-) thank you babes how are you
7:41 :) I just need a picture of you Jacky please i want a picture of you!!
There's still plenty of "gray hat" download stuffing going on, but it's a start
HEY LENNY!!!! Just read your BIO on WBLS website!! So inspiring!!! Keep working hard and following your dreams!!! :)
Just got my student loans deferred for a year. BAM!
Those are beautiful. Lol.
Thanks:-) ... a great speaker... insightful on issues of our time.
Crenshaw students demand digital literacy. Without - they fear on becoming a permanent underclass.
#chicklitchat I can't wait to read everyones! I know what I am going to write About. Need to get hopping!
have you heard about the band they are amazing ;)
its really not cool!
#allstardraft #tsn show the girls who bring up the shirts!!!
Nothing to do today ! I did nothing in my xmas vacation :(
Bought it last night and am already deep into novel number two.
Proud, NEW, member of the 2012 Teach for America Corps in Memphis. Whoo Hoo! I'm looking 2 change the world 1 child at a time. Do yr part 2!
Grant, we apologize. We are following you again, hope you come in soon
good luck! If you get too loney, send lots of tweets.
Headed to Ft Worth today for speech, then 2 Dallas 4 Bill Ames' book event -(he wrote the book on TX textbook wars)
no, I think maybe it's risk adverse but not odd. Do it :)
So glad I get to sleep in in the morning
Thanks for the advice but it was not asked of you..
First RHOA, now Homeland!
Found my Set Your Goals underwear. So much fucking win right now.
hey guys Miami SoFly Magazine had a great interview with ys the future hey make sure yall check out his mixtape on datpiff.com
When someone makes you feel like your worth nothing
4 ur inspiration. Mentioned U & the Steelers in my sermon as we head toward the Superbowl of Christianity, Easter!
now CRC rogue idiot quacks have thier cockroaches in service..harassing Belinda Jackson..PCC/Cascade
Lol I think im gonna need to take a cab after #primal on sat after all those
Happy birthday.😊
looks dumb
