You're welcome. Have a great week!
I like it!
Cory Booker even makes Chris Christie look better!
Well I'm digging the feel good twitter, we need more of those
You can't take "no" for a answer but "no & get the hell out of here before I kill you" is completely acceptable
That HAS to take the cake, lol
lol shut up dude i have ice cream
that's just tendinitis comin in
Dim sum with the family
Ladies, as you tweet with our class focus, please include our hashtag of #HRD2011UR so that we may track our conversation stream. Thxs.
of course, great to know this. =]
I luv my followers!
true datttt girl!!
Aye Kenneth followbak
Ex girlfriends are like farts...They feel good to let go but then they just linger around and annoy all your friends...
We're worried that the Steelers are going to release us :(
fingers crossed!
Lmfao I remember and I would send whales to kameron to piss him off hahaha
Hi Christopher! How did the apartment search go a few weeks ago?
I just remembered why I love Annie Lennox ...
Trust issues :-/
Log onto www.tdmwebacademy.com for webinar - starts at 7pm eastern time
sitting in dubai airport waiting for a 1am flight. one stop in frankfurt.... only 20 hours left. easy.
Can't focus at all right now ugh!!!!
Going Off Too School!Yesterday Was The A Good Day! Stay Beautiful,Gorgeous!Love u's.. I'm Hoping One Day You'll follow meh!(:
notice me xx
It is our right to vote! Practice your rights!
Tip #111: LIVE: People who over shove their stack into your much smaller stack are usually bluffing/weak.....call light.
I have school tomorrow. I can't sleep if you keep tweeting cute pictures of yourself!
haha ok whatever you say lmfaoooo
That awkward moment when you realize mentioned the wrong Hunter Harden in his tweet. Hahaha!
Justt realized im officially four years older than le boyfriend...haha i feel like such a pedophile ;(
RT : Before we leave 'Bama, let's remember George "Goober" Lindsey of "The Andy Griffith Show". The AL native has died at...
2012 WILL BE A FUCKING GOOD YEAR :)
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Television Production Service
I'm here to talk if you need anything just text me
~thinks~ hm nope lol jk~ kisses u~
Up The ARSE!
but.. it's wednesday tho
Who will survive in America?
they may even exhibit emotion is their logical disagreement.
Just saw a commercial for Winnie the Pooh.. won't be able to look at that the same ever again.
I had lost my password 4 twitter & so have not used it for awhile. Glad to be back!
In bed comfy as fuck but I forgot to turn off my light kill me
Service Industry Night at LIVESTRONG Sporting Park is coming up... details soon. Count on Sunday, March 25th vs. FC Dallas
Top Fantasy Baseball Players from Week 2, Apr. 9 to Apr. 15: Fan’s Review
Nathan's dad is not dead...
People are going 5 mph on Henderson
I miss Ke$ha! Where is that girl?
Same to you!
Tactics: set every home page in the apple store to my soundcloud.
Well I had my fun in Florida, flying back to Cali tomorrow
Thanks for the support everyone! We sold 300+ lbs of meat! Stay tuned for info about tomorrow's event.
is happy for the end of the week
Musical word of the day: scatenato - unchained, wildly
You're a bombshell
you can offer what you think... and just love them through the rest.
a cute lobster, I bet! :)
Coffee for lunch? Yes please :)
is that a purple lamp? I dig that! Go Vikings!
RT : Roundtable with #AS Health Activists today! Tweet along #HAroundtable at 12p EST
omg can u believe im actually bac home
great way to end the night:)
how about jill off? or fingerbang? lmsfjsoisisoss
so ipad2 is coming on March 2nd? does it have a camera?if so, i'll get it!!!
House adopts budget amendment removing Senate language penalizing UMAB $250,000 for law school's suit against farmer.
Tonight is a great example that no matter how good the Rangers are, the bench is the ultimate weakness.
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. -P.J. O'Rourke
Go to the top of the Empire State Building on a Wednesday night for a killer view and a bit more breathing room.
Book me for your Halloween makeup! www.lipstickandlace.blogspot.com
That's all for now folks. Thanks for hosting , great event on
found you!! thx for following me, check out TGIF!!!
#wordtothewise don't try to speak spanish in a class full of mexicans my friend
it's not a spam thing that will mess up my computer is it? sorry, i've had it happen before and am a little cautious.
Final dress rehearsal for Joseph just getting started because of rain. Opening tomorrow night!
picture needed
In bed early tonight! And yes, 1230 does qualify as early in my life!
Tunnel of self love? That's what I'm talking about lol~
So yeah, the running thing, today, is a no go. Hurts. Dammit. Maybe a tenth of a mile.
Figures, I plan a trip to New York City and a hurricane decides to bee line to it.
Aye lets kick it tomorrow brah.
LOL Logan hasnt stopped talking abt his new twitter family & how nice Dog and crew are, now hes convinced my brother to get a twitter :)
Getting kicked out of your room all weekend <<<
He who has health, has hope. And he who has hope, has everything. ~ Thomas Carlyle.
who knows but pa seems unlikely to sell in any case.
I FB more than tweet too , but trying to get better at it .
Go Leigh Ann, go!!! #encouragement!
When I go down my page, Kylie Hicks is preaching it over twitter I'm literally thinking the exact same things!!! :)
for sure. I won last time in our "who can finish the test first" competition.
follow he is amazing <3
um.. is drunk in the kitchen. cant wait 2 c what she makes.
Who knew? Tillamook County, Oregon labeled fruad hotbed for phone spoofing. from
I did and it was fantastic. This season is so much less formulaic than the others.
I haven't been this sick since my tour of duty in Hong Kong.
At least you know the brits can drive on business trips? Have you found the ONE?
yo homie we celebrating the wife's birthday tonight, can u through us on the list?
Finally caught up on my sleep today.
What am I doing today!!
Got back after day 1 of InfusionCon and logged in to a pretty new green dashboard! Can't wait to play!
To say the least
That's because the bartender is a L 7 WEEEEENIIIEEE
lmao u guys crack me up 😱
What do museums mean #InOurGeneration? Do you like them? Hate them? Never been to one?
Like archival, provenance lists (who owned what and when)? Or something else?
#EpicFail RT : Not a single Democrat Senator has voted for *any* budget for the last three years.
ha well I'm obviously on your mind ha
Thursday! Will I get to see you while I'm back home in Cleveland, recovering from foot surgery!? :)
The Manuscript for my book "Moving Beyond Point-and-Shoot Photography" is due on October 1st. Planned release date March 2012.
I was only disappointed because I haven't seen you in so long... Thanks for coming!
Ouch. To be fair, I do live in Hampden. RT OH: "Only hipsters like sushi."
actually #Dnc should make video of mitt w/his boys dancing to wu tang clans #c.r.e.a.m. Fitting.
Possibly doing an event for Macdill Air-force Base!
at least it can't be off his orbital bone. Or can it.
Thanks for the follow :))
Sited!! By Deliriously Smiling Passengers - King Kong At Empire State Bldg!
Wait. The girl (Corral) and guy (Shurna) are gonna have a shootout? Interesting.
Them bitches soggy RT : lol man they still on the porch n shit hurry up for quante get um
Had 6 rows of BMW work cars that came in the detail department. Sale day today was actually busy, haha. At least at the detail department.
Teacher: I have a Suzuki swift. Me: OMS!! Teacher: you've gone pale. Me: you said swift Teacher: ?
We Are Gonna Go See Our Grandma... She Has A Room For Us At Her House. But I Have To Share With Karla
next big step in big energy data analytics for smartgrid markets is point2point stream analysis...more soon on Intelen's IPv6 disruptions
Just think... with a gentleman in the picture the world wouldnt have had the last 3 performances. Swift, Perry, & Adele
Today was funny ass hell hehehe
The work of art shows people new directions and thinks of the future. The house thinks of the present.
Hope the New East Ave Wegmans will have multiple exit routes (unlike Wegmans Pittsford)
Go Daddy. And please don't come back.
Kobe will butt fuck all his HATERS
“: He loves Chris” ... At least someone likes that bastard!
I just watched the 10 minute yoga solutions on my Netflix instant play :) Where do you take class?
I've chyeard a LOT this year.
| Please check your DM. Looks like we didn't see your reply from last month. SORRY!
ha ha right
feel free to shop for me
maybe it will be, I have your thin mints!
Josefina, it wears a ragged and dangerous front
sorry, the event last night was not recorded, but i'm sure we'll capture a similar talk at some point. :)
I think is an amazing singer! I enjoyed watching you last night and best of luck in the future!!! :)
Can we get some runs for #Dempster tonight? Guy has been lights out, he deserves a W!!
Man, your kids are some dame comedians!!! LOL!
Oh my darlings how thoughtful! Mwah!
Breathe Carolina, is like, omfgadsjhfawkfjj.<3
please do:)
don't you DARE abandon #cville!
"Law and love are the same - romantic in concept but the actual practice can give you a yeast infection."
Happy Halloween to you too!
OH: Hey, why you wearing socks…you got a date or something?
- re your #dodgers lineup, is that the number of runs each player has scored this season?
hopefully not as scarring as an angry patron with a mismatched reader's advisory suggestion!
= #Hero. #DavidGregory = not so much. Why so annoying?
uhm you hate harry? well i dont.. awkward
Sorry had to vent...it just disgusts me how people put everything before their kids, that they chose to have.
Me and will went prom dress shopping.... and we need to go again
A lot of people don't know this, but I'm pretty competitive
I hate having to wait for my iphone. But I'm SO BEYOND grateful for my family that loves me and the gifts I got(:
dude, that was so high school..I love it!!
Why are you so far away?
I LOVE YOU YOU ARE MY HERO AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF YOU FOLLOWED ME #Mahomies4Life!
Sar, your comment on website took my breath away! so sweet. I'm so glad you liked the interview. Scott=super
Amber....thank you so very much! This is GREAT!
thanks for the ff.
Gross! (Do it. Biscuits are crack.)
She's super AWESOME!
The mullet convention, oops I mean #NAMM, has finally gotten started. Just played on a sweet, new Hammond Organ.
If you've been patiently waiting - It's Back !!! Eithiopian Harrar - known for its taste and aroma of blueberries, www.raoscoffee.com
What a day. All the kids were gone by 11am. Matt and I had Christmas dinner at Lee's Kitchen - chinese food Christmas Story style :) *lol*
Yay!! Very excited!
I AM 25!!! (in that voice you know )
I'm optimistic!
please notice me!!! please 9
My phone has somehow become the phone to call and make jokes on at 3 in the morning?
Not I, just watching play by play
Free printed samples on the world's best digital garment printer.
: Do you have the hidden camera video? KRQE News 13 in Albuquerque wants to know.
What do you want to do!?
What Movie?
don't put my shit on blast please.
cel.ly Just figure out a way to make the texts free for students...
Wow! Thank you for the great article on Charles River. Very eloquent. We greatly appreciate it.
I could watch The Real Housewives of Disney again!
love you to “: BFFs are the best! Love you ”
#NW The Motorcycle Diaries
Seeing a lot of fog on 151. Visibility is very low.
Besides getting hit in the head & a car alarm going off for 15 minutes I had a great nights sleep...
Good for you!!
I don't want to leave
love it ..
Can't stop listening to #SAYSOMETHIN omgg it's amazing <3
"Let the miraculous life you were born to lead unfold in all of its magnificence." ~Henry Thoreau
Do you work today ?
do u know what time we r taking our picture??
“: “: MY GRADUATION SPEECH: "I hate all you fuckers, I'm out."” ” my life.
:) what a long day?! Well I know CPR so if anyone decides to die on me I can resuscitate you!!
had so much fun servin up juice for the #FriendshipWalk thanks so much ;)) great event, great people!
Wouldn't it be nice if you didn't have to fill out a new medical form for your child every year? Your school needs RegisterPatient!
"MAYWEATHER FIGHT WEEKEND TRIP/PARTY IN LAS VEGAS" POWERED BY--->
GOOD LUCK CHIEF, KEEP YA HEAD UP. SOMEONE WILL RECOGNIZE GAME.
RT I should've ejected him, too. I should've drooled on his league-issued clothing. I owe entire viewing audience an apology
Lol @ that dunk attempt
Spoiler Alert: have a trash an to vomit in when you watch this. These intros will make you want to puke
Relationships end but feelings continue.
LOL. Having fun?
Death by fear. Fear is the only thing that keeps you from living.
No worries! I figured as much. I just wanted to make sure it went through :).
stephano is french
Really dislike when people lie to me! Makes my blood boil
thanks to everyone who came out to the CD release this weekend!
She brought that back to country... Good job Skylar...
Never say Never!
Legendary Croce's lineup: and Am I missing anyone?
Acupuncture doesn't really hurt that much, but the homework they give is really a pain in the butt.
What does "dun language translator" mean?
why not a COLTS theme hotel I know a lot of people would spend the weekend there before the games fans would love to stay as well!
Men's Voices tickets are available @ the door SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY! Get to the ABQ Museum Amphitheater by 6:30 7/30 and grab those tix!!
oh yeah .....watching the classic Smokey and the Bandit.......awesome! = )
Looks like it covers I94 down to Cty Hwy K
The best things in life aren`t always easy but they are always worth the wait.
I feel ya on that one! And with almost 5 year old twins, we go through a lot of clothes everyday!!
damn shame
We have a show tomorrow at Capital Skatepark in Round Rock! Starts at 8, costs $5. With Chasing Lions, MARANATHA, and The Changeless.
I pray that God blesses you all today!
Congrats Mike!
SDUSD has about 1000 vehicles. We don't have the $ to maintain them. A school bond can replace these
#followfriday Poor girl. Where's the outrage?
Been laying down all day and ain't planing on go no where today! :-D
Check out The Alchemy Cafe at 1980 Atwood in Madison for great lunch...
i have not been there. def going to check it out then. thanks.
don't think so...let me ask ur mother if it is brb *rolls over*. *rolls back*...nope it isn't.
thanks for the #FF last week! love everyone growing the golf industry following!
He who has injured thee was either stronger or weaker than thee. If weaker, spare him; if stronger, spare thyself.
how tall are you??? #HungerForUnger! :)
#ImminentDanger on panel for identifying solutions, Beckert says MU MJS should sponsor conference on solutions.
in the chill vibe.gotta BIG meeting 2morrow!- SK <3
No lines today at cedar point! It's been a great day!
Thus commences my annual tradition of pretending to care about football.
It reminds me of your Kudzu imagery. Yes, I still get a thrill out of that piece.
Could I be anymore awkward?
what up guys! Its Live Love Learn from MN!
Wen is drake ablum coming out?
since no longer employed by mothership, can we get Sarah Philips on show tomorrow??? : )
Currently interested in a bottle of whiskey.
Who is this?
liquid chocolate and its delicious!
hope ya day is going well
NFL Draft tonight! Hope to hear some local guys get their name called! Who does your team pick? Tell us how they did in the draft.
All she want is some heel money.
It's so funny how I can do everything for people at work or my friends and the only appreciation I get in return is from my boyfriend.
If we're being honest - and I think we are....? I'd hit that.
Dixiana is moving its office to Buddy Lee bldg where talent revolves and the studio to Berry Hill
All I have time to do is school, work, and homework. Freakin' irritated.
College: Mich. St. AD regrets tweet to Michigan's Burke Michigan State athletic director Mark Hollis says he regrets sending a message o
oh... don't. It needs a lot of work & is currently (like, right now) under construction in a non-networked MS Word document :-/
is it on now
a lovely lunch w & her sweet fam. new neomande is gonna be a sam crowder staple, conveniently placed in my path to the Y.
I see you on record store day!!!
How you guys doing today?
Bryce Harper has stealing home now off his bucket list...
RT : RT : says social media doesn't replace face to face, it makes it happen #uwpceyou2 (via )
B/c they know they f'd up RT : I never understand why the person who did wrong has the attitude problem
Some dude in a semi just got arrested in our parking lot. Real life cops!
re QR, check out the Robin Ashford stuff I just tweeted. Bummer that you won't be @ ALAMW!
:D youre welcome :D your the best ;D lol
Feel spiritually rejuvenated. Perfecting the art of casting down imaginations.
Free Library branches play central role in Philly neighborhoods, could be site for projects involving residents' knowledge.
2012. Year of the side stage. Come hang out with us at moe's/the shed tonight. Party
There's something really special about a Sunday afternoon.
Good Coach not a Championship caliber coach
oh snap look at you!! I'm jealous.
Duck...Duck...De'Anthony! He must have been really good at that game when he was a kid.
It can be difficult to make a point when the other person is convinced in the opposite.
I think it's more than a smart business tactic, Ed.
I think the lead singer lives in Staten Island. I don't think they made much $$ the Pistols allegedly didn't make much$
If you missed it. I decided for my 42nd Bday I'm eating & drinking 42 of my favorite food/drinks all week till the big day on Sunday. :)
Welcome back, :)
Happy 2 Years Anniversary Baby Video!!! <33
has anyone seen the CannaBuddies? LOL I love em!
oh yes bitches ' Miley is gonna shit on you hoes tomorrow at the VMAs !
watching NHK... I am now craving for some udon >.< or KATSUUU :D
Working overtime...AGAIN!..Thanks for keeping us busy. :)
no reason.
Loved last night! You make me smile. PS I have a soup on the stove I still need to have you over and we have cable now WIN WIN
Sept 24 Schooling of the minnows at the Chamber waterfront! Voting and prizes! Check out FB Grand Haven ArtWalk!
Another big trial begins in Russia: members of the 'Nord-East-88' neo-Nazi gang are prosecuted for hate crime attacks against foreigners.
hey boo!
that dough kind of looks like a cookie to me.
Hollywood Jammers take on The 24-1 Santa Barbara Breakers Tuesday Night at Grant High School 7:30PM. Watch " The Game " drop 50 points again
Medical research using dogs as models Dogs are among the best animals when it comes to providing models for better medical treatments in
Hi Emma, thanks for the awesome webinar at Acquia! Just bought the book, looking forward to start playing with it.
so you do or you don't like Gaborik lol
Just joined twitter to see whats around.
RT : replay of last Wed at Frank's!! <-- Cool beans! Won't be there till at least after 9 tho!
Another greate TedEX talk on The Dispatch.
Lol!!! How cute, kittens are like little friends, they really do know what they talking about! but make sure feed them. <3
You make me wanna laugh, stick my hands up and laugh!
Time is the longest distance between two places. Tennessee Williams
#FridayIsForever this is the best song ever!
Best gym with yet.
haha nothing really, just a twitter misunderstanding
ya and he called me Shawna how scary
We fetch it from our neighbours, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all
Def true :( RT : #Cancer: sometimes they try to be bad to put on a front, but they're good people that get hurt easily.
ha yes! They are like this in Italy too! If I do have a drink - I prefer box ;)
announces strategic partnership with #Microsoft Dynamics. Buyers and sellers plugging into the
Write a pitch before writing an article, especially if the publication usually writes their own articles.
Adele owes success in US to Sarah Palin. Her album bombed in US until she appeared on SNL featuring Palin. Next day she hit US charts.
hit me
: Not opposed to voting structure change, but wants different representation as opposed to two from Sparks, Reno and Washoe.
lazyweb, what is the best way to find out which organizations are lobbying on a specific topic?
lol i get insane when my adrenaline starts pumpin
Great thank you Dawn!!
“: Live your life and forget your age. Norman Vincent Peale”
and then on to wrestling school :)
Good work!
Don't be afraid of taste. Try the rye!
fer it long but you are beautiful no matter what.
Even in July, eh?
Going to be in Orlando Floriday by chance?
During the Believe tour, Justin should bring Pattie up to the stage to sing Turn To You to her. That would be the cutest thing in the world
Has there ever been a show you weren't perfect for? ;p
What's Good?
Love #personofinterest good episode tonight!
"Fumble OSU....handing out footballs like autographed footballs." --Less practice time due to players having 2 attend classes.
Plus...I don't wear cowboy boots. They slow me down when I have to get out the way of pointed-toed stilettos.
Casino Night Tips -Can't afford to invite your guests to a party blowout in Las Vegas, or Atlantic City ? Plan your own casino party!
oh I'm guessing what
That one is a crowd favorite!
what exercises do you do to get it in such great form?
What?! Well, that is true. But They still look nice on people, as long as they're not like 40, then it just looks weird.
My ring finger is green and the rest are a neutral pink.I'm a spring Person xD Seen that tip on your tumblr :)
#FF report to for detention.
I'm just now walking into this conversation!! M & N come meet us when you can!!! XO
please do please do. I am bummed that so many kids are going to that dumb thing
Is Christina Aguilera wearing a crown because she is queen of skanks?
i havent- have you? good stuff?
hey whose fuckin in the bushes
YOUR AWESOME :D !
Gonna watch Ariana's livechat today. :D
Fun fact: If you run out of aloe, the Italian Ices from lunch make great ice packs!
its Saturday everybody wants to play but dunno what to play :)
This baby keeps waking up when I (accidentally) toss it into its pram.
Hoping that our friend is aware of our history as she programs her shows this week....!
see you at the altar bar tonight!
Google eyes at the Who-who!
thanks so much Stacy!!
Congrats! RT : Our CEO & his wife welcome their first child, Eamon McCrossen.
Don't text me and then expect ME to keep the conversation going...
oh can I just go back to kindergarten when my only worry was snack time and nap time pleasee
Come sign up for a personal resume review at the MLA Resume & Cover Letter Review table!
Too bad the ponds aren't frozen, you can't skate to your ball.
Free Wi-fi is 1 minor indication that a business has changed w/ the times.
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition
I think I need to log off
There is a difference between truth and facts.
Just met with a truly wonderful and talented lady. Thanks for keeping it real and being so helpful!
Already enjoying the #VSFS! Very creative and loving the music!!!
your avi is so cute!
Going for some skittles.
that is hilarious. Hi it's me I am an idiot and forgot to my work but by sending an email it will all be ok.
Is trying to do clean house. Keeps getting bored. Oh, I am so not my mother's daughter in that regard.
im not
Come down to the Moore Building in the design district tonight to the girls night out event provided by Sheckys! Shop and drink :-)
BGHS rugby team won 3 of 4 matches at a tourney over the weekend! BG rugby is made up of Battle Ground, Prairie & Skyview high schools.
Thinking about cheating on my droid with an iphone.
You wont be disappointed.
I wonder what lebron james woulda done had he played against rick mahorn type players. What a chump.
No problem! PS. I am currently obsessed with the 50 Magellano. One of the most beautiful, unique yachts I've ever seen!
Apparently every day is Easter for me.
Don't use JSP! Use a real web framework with a real template engine!
s'good
I'm pretty sure the most awesome friend would get drake tickets Okc feb28 for someone's 21st on the 26th ;) ;)
I think I stumped the guys tonite. “: how about "obsequious" #dropword”
Life is short...live it well ;-)
"I have done some amazing and incredible things in this studio and I know where I can go from here...."...
I'm going to be on twitter all day now. <33
maybe for you, cuz you can actually sing! (x
"So how was your holiday weekend?" "Oh gosh, I was like Jesus. Didn't come out of the tomb for three days."
Lol at the hole in the wall in one of the classrooms. I wonder who did it?
Give me 25 to life,if being fly is a crime
:) I know! I meant that towards your roommate and lol
I didn't get that message.....
From the massive bruise on my leg, questionable pictures on my phone, 3 random numbers, and a brutal hangover, Cinco de Mayo was a success.
it's friday so why wouldn't friday come on
Every few months my life get turned upside down
Sure, you could say that a pilot using FAA airwaves to rant is a story, but if the rant was truly offensive, why rebroadcast it?
Aight cool, I can totally do that if they have something open. Now take yo a** to sleep! Lol. J/k.
Blake lively from gossip girl. I love gossip girl, but l like leighton meester more. Blair:)
thanks for the follow!
hahahahah I'm currently in math class dying because I am imagining you doing this..oh dear lord!
I love how my dad refuses to let me have any privacy.
Ladies if ya man tryna lose weight RT : Oral sex massages the jaw and may also burn 20 calories with each 15 minute session.
#IfUReallyDown4Me u would lick the eye boogers outta my eye..... So they'll be easier to open when I get up
bout to drop some new new shit
"No but I think jenga is a game" forgot how awesome #archer is
Nigga like me be smoking while I'm driving
Who is this long blonde hair girl
Hearing the birds wake up, watching the sun rise, and working on art while listening to music are the plus side of insomnia.
Thank you! Wow, you're fast!
settling down for the day, spent a lot of time catchin up with online networks. that is a job within itself.
": Okay, Lakers. Time to put Bynum and Kobe back into the game. Please?"
So, we're at the point in the day where the computer slows to near uselessness. Awesome.
It still not as creepy as the Garnightmare photo found. I still get creeped by that thing.
And be sure to like us on Facebook, www.facebook.com/partyslayerz
what's sleep?!
Just traveled from Colorado to Tennessee... what's to eat? Fast Food mostly... we looked extra hard for whole-food & plant-based places
Damn!! That Was Good!!
Well be at UN Plaza tomorrow for your lunch hour. With 11-2pm
injury, risks do not mean not knowing who you are
You rock, my friend. Thank YOU.
yes indeed!
welcome to Twitter, dude! (& the Madison orbit)
True, but I think guys who can create their own shots dominate the playoffs, and a healthy Rose is one of the best at that.
#onestateil Bruce Mau: design is the intersection of art & science
band is like the Claritin commericial, you get the blurry picture, but you need to peel off the sticker
lol thanks Linda :)
You know what's gonna be weird? When my brother leaves for the marines. there is going to be so much more food in the house...
RT - The miami dolphins may be 0-3 but their not as bad as their record is reflecting.
Would love to see in New Orleans...most will say no way, but I say Hornets grab what they can for CP3 and build!!
#IWillAlwaysLove my Ex's but wont feel dha same about dem! After dha heart ache n' pain
Saw a female runner (from my car) seemingly struggling. Gave a thumbs up. She smiled, put up a thumb and picked up the pace. Great advice!
well I hope u won't be no grandpa on our date!
next time he has a twitcam, I'm going to get a bunch of people to keep asking about a Chicago signing! It NEEDS to happen!!!!
yea that's good can you do me a favor only if you wanna
Gypsy Revival listening evening at Bang
watch the tour dates come out on monday because everything justin releases is always on a monday.
Aye I got a new phone Shug.dm me your number.
What up bruh lets work
Mordi: Many differences between access during arab spring vs SSAfrica's capabilities. power, broadband, funding, infrastructure
Funny how the app NOT by has more accurate bus times than 's own workers.
NAMI San Diego thinks you are doing an amaizng job at bringing awareness to mental health! THANK YOU!
I'm to hungry!!! Lookin at food network and this nasty crap dey cookn startin to look good!!
Someone who I don't even follow, got on me for saying this game is following a typical Orioles collapse to the Yanks script
I can't believe I actully got a twitter
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
So um totally rocked Houston's socks off today. Yes indeed.
who he given em away 2 ckus u knw its Money team one mines when he fought Ortiz i was da only Mexican routtin 4 him
just be glad can drive. I had to teach his brother...
Way to go #Smoothbeats.com! Let us celebrate are quest for #Freedom while listening to Martin Luther King Jr. a true
YOU ARE! RT : About to head up to Red Square Bar for tonight's festivities. Who's going to buy 1st shot at midnight?
Bubba Watson is great, but let's see what he does next before we anoint him the savior of golf. Tiger is still the only true meter mover
I'm in Venice drinking año Angeleno
Love that quote, too. Great obit.
I heart pink slime! Lol!!
Good Call. Manet definitely took better care of things!
My head hurts really bad and I can't get up
Generations deep in the Seattle taxi industry, locally owned, natives, musicians, and born to hustle. (206)722-7696 Low rates, low waits.
escaping what could have been a long ride in the lex paddy wagon
I'm not a gynecologist but I look a pussies everywhere, everywhere
Kate Wilson of , on #ebooks - must define and design them so kids understand that real books are not "broken"
I'm 50 and 60's inspired tonight. (:
im tired af .
Follow cause he post some funny shit! Lol
one of my favorite songs I've been on! Get wit me fool!
I'm tweeting only to add another tweet to my total so that has a tougher time catching up! :p
hey babe. Jus dm'd you
Hyman Rickover~ Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!! I think I might possibly be a little but Irish, so pucker up!
Haha I miss you too!
the other cabs to go through the line.
did he smell amazing? Omg
Wow this bitch is a big mouth
you hating mfs out here jamming to the radio i aint even skipped a song
it sounds like it is going to be a hoard off!!!!
Followed back. Big thanks for the voice mail support for #ActorsTalkPodcast ! I'm going to learn a lot from you! 5 Stars 2U!
Off to study at the BSU library. I can't wait to creep on the frat boys.
Olive garden >
Hensley supplying the Torture in Wilson's absence?
Anyone who requests a free mp3 song on facebook.com/makaraspen we will send one right out to you..Thanks for the support
Hahh, I understand you, really :] Hehe, I know but the night of Carnival I'm go to another place :]
not immediately, but by the end of summer probably
“: I like being the first one to make him smile everyday” You never once fail to. 😘
wouldn't that be Sweet
meeeeeh To My New Followers -
Going to the funeral! So dreading it!! Prayers are appreciated! :)
Happy April Fool's Day...don't let anyone pull a fast one on ya!
My hearts bullet proof
hell yeah bro, im still trynna make my way up there
I just had tea in Russel Wright's living room...
Cool. WOODY ALLEN won.
I Fucked up my last Tweet i meant being single and alone on the holidays is not wassup.
Drawing up the estimated recording budget for the record project. #work AND I got the flu son!
omg! I missed the planning stages!! that's my fav part! - have fun!!!!!
I finished Thursday morning. I find myself wanting to read them all again. Excellent stories.
Listening to my cousin tellin me that that he calls his gf lemon pie n she calls him chunky monkey
Last night: photo tests w our lovely burlesque model in various wigs + outfits for our shoot for our new book! She's gonna be amazing!
I will :) I haven't gotten new shoes since 7 months
I love having a job but it doesn't help my shopping addiction
maybe you can pretend to be one of the other versions of yourself.what might that be?
you finally getting some vaca time?
no way! what happened? x
Fuck You Heathet First You Get Me Sick Then Talk Shit #FuckYou :D
#FF Friend of the Rogue Scholar and unintentionally hilarious.
In bham gettin ready to watch my nigga knock a nigga out tonight
Friends from school post pictures of themselves on FB then say "here's my kid." I'm like, that is exactly what you looked like when I knew u
swing by Italy & See ADNAN SAKLI .. Help economy..
actually it has nothing to do with the football team it's honoring America's hero's
when is that happening? I need to know so I can stay the eff away from wrigleyville
Time does not wait for you, why would you wait for the right time? Marcela Bennett
you too europedichan
We're so excited for tomorrow! #SummerWrite #OpenHouse AND Poetry, Potluck & Pinot Event! Check our website for more details
the fans are booing!
Are you back in PGH yet, slacker?
A couple of unexpected losses put me at an L5
its the little things!!
RT : Entering the final stanza in Tampa, the Storm lead the Force, 37-20, on Will the Storm get win #200?
I see Mr. Hindsman!!!
Looking forward to learning more African Dance tonite! :)
Freedom can be the scariest, greatest thing in your life.
Really impressed w/ detail of their digital campaign over time.
Thanks. Unfortunately those skills were not passed down but it's still very cool to have the exhibit.
Please do something about the job situation My husband is trying desperately to get a job-been over 3 long years
LOL I like that quote!
So stoked for at ! Thanks <3
tell me if it's good ;P
ASDFGHJKL; i hate you(;
"This is Brent Schneiders, for really." lol this guy kills me.
so what does that mean?
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
All of you people on the east coast who are posting Mad Men spoilers are the lowest of the low!
😥 emails are your friend! Lol.
yeah. It's fucking stupid
Which raises a question: are newspapers archiving reader comments? Amazing data set for historians & poli scientists. cc:
3 day weekend, sweet!
Try Bypass at the game tonight & let me know what you think. You can order concessions from your smartphone and skip the line.
Living History: The Doors played Lagoon, and Morrison was bewildered
So looking forward to my new iPhone tonight!
#TheVoice is trash. I can't believe Jamar Rogers lost
As part of a balanced breakfast on 4/20...dnt forget to eat ur WEEDIES!!!
I never thought building a social media website would be so much work .
someone invited me to a pre-emptive high school reunion, because apparently being facebook friends is not torture enough
you got it! That basement would make the most amazing haunted house/maker adventure. Don't you think?
The sun needs to come out......
I was more of a Geography 127 guy.
Happy BIrthday SIr Alec Jeffreys, DNA brilliance
Hey , look! RT: Saw Stick Fly on broadway last night. Tracie Thoms was incredible. See it.
oh donkey show! I have tix for august! Can't wait.
Thanks for the kudos on the article. Wasn't that for ?
Getting ready to take advantage of the "family golf special". Why is there so often such a thin line between the best and worst ideas?
I swear New Jersey stay with some new dances .. They Live tho
thanks for the RT
my phone's about to die. well luckily I brought my charger c:
#MeWithoutYouIsLike... A sock wit no feet
IT'S A HABIT.
I ASKeD you that LAST NIGHT
Hey. Don't forget your snack for tomorrow 2nd period... I will not be providing your food tomorrow 😊👍
Yes. a return to Felt Mountain with their next LP in the works would be a dream come true for me.
house; 11 people died in the resulting fire that destroyed 61 homes.
End of the top of the 7th, OLLU and USW tied at 3.
well i am in the industry as well as u so hopefully 1day we can bcum frens nd all that matters is i can follow u!<3 princess d
Ah, will do. Thanks!
Why wasn't I notified immediately of this? Also why was I not IN this movie?! I demand answers!~Princess of Dark Comedy~...
Be Human conference May 7-9. , , AND speaking. Discount reg promo code: startingup
Out with my beautiful wife running errands and just enjoying each others company. My life is da best!
looking for new members to join this elite fighter's fate design team, hit me up with a message.
will you be home tomorrow around two?
Kids & I spent afternoon outside weeding, fertilizing, watering, planting carrots and canna bulbs.
or like a waiter...
@ w0rK 2day, feeling a lil better! We will c what 2day bRIngS...!
RT : Happy prom morning everyone. McDonalds, recorded episodes of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, and... Icy Hot? Hehe
To my fellow Mexicanos it's perfectly ok to get White boy/girl drunk today on Cinco De Mayo but only today, no mames güey!
"Only place highlighter where daylight hits the cheekbones, Cupid's bow,and eyelids."
totally agree man - he was great
dude nice dota 2 tips!!! Do more of these commentaries! I play lol but never played dota
Great job from 19 hole!! : So what did you think???
I do not like that twitter is reversed!
We have 15 girls registered for Girls Rock Camp Houston. We're halfway there! www.girlsrockhouston.org
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: You can divorce in Texas if you have lived in Texas 6 months and in the county where you file for 90 days.
glad you enjoyed it and sorry I missed it. Hope the semester was a good one.
I don't think I have ever met a stranger...
How many of us #entrepreneurs aspire to be Mark Zuckerberg and how many aspire, Sean Parker #Facebook ?
<3 Lolita! Do you have one of those tiny victorian hats :3?
Waiting for 6 publications to release!! Can't wait to share!
One those days when I take the orange line home to remind me why I usually bike to work.
i'm duggin' and i'm doggin'
I'll be there. With many penis shaped objects lolol ;D
for real! The whole building shook when he hit the terrace
dude I totally agree. And I can't wait to see if erin wasson can act.
regardless of the horrible gimmick and wrestling ability. Ryder has done more to get himself over than any others have.
so bored tonight imma start hw i dont know how to do D: fuck my life..
probs cause they're not quality cause the dvd thing ya leaked lol
another gorgeous day here in Rochester,NY! Happy Easter all!
You know t bro, #Alreadyy, Thanks for da suport
True: "Support for The Farm is building because it represents an important hope for urban agriculture and community in the East Bay."
Moms making steak & baked potatoes. Yum.
Ii work out !
I totally overpacked but I brought all my shorts & tanks best feeling in the world since its the freaking north pole in PA today
RT : RT : Just printed 20 kfc coupons and am heading by homeless shelter in the morning!
From Justin (3:55pm): It's likely we'll avoid any storms until later tonight. Enjoy the rest of the day. -Justin
Hold on for one more day just came on in Dunkin donuts
“: Accepting you’re going to fail your exams and mentally preparing yourself for a career as a stripper.” Bahahahahah that's me!
sorry about that, miscommunicated to our folks that you guys would be there, totally our fault.
#schoolmemories prom night me and my son ran a train on shorty
~Frederich Nietzsche, Thus Spake ZarathustraThe greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness .
your welcome beautiful(:
Black tea has ~1/2 the caffeine of coffee; green tea has 1/2 the caffeine of black tea. Further reduce caf. by dumping 1st 20 secs of brew!
I love that I so get it!
Last full week of school!Yess!
To be Clear, the reason the #DeptCommittee failed was because Republicans refused to raise taxes on the richest Americans.
looks like the Steelers, Big Ben are getting a warm Cleveland Steamroller!
It's Friday! You know what that means? Work all weekend!
Thank you :)
thank you <3 I love your too Cody looks adorable haha :)
I'm ok thnx! U?
oh...one more thing...
Do you ever work El Rio on Friday nights? They are so much better for me than Wednesdays!
Why do I feel obligated to always tweet over 100 characters?
No swag surfin, finger snappin, crank dat "insert character here" music here ok!!
The Day Ahead: Jobs Report and Hammering Out Greek PSI Details
....for a really good reason
went back and followed everyone we followed on wanted to recreate my twitter experience as much as possible...
First Lady Michelle Obama has a special announcement for us this morning about Let's Move!
The is a godsend when I'm overseas & only have BB email access but no data.
thanks, you're welcome!
Saw your fantastic hair run by on NW Overton this AM. Happy running!
&& you're everything to me.<3
Twitter or facebook!
I can work on that.
Today's Iris Cafe $5 Special - Chicken Salad Croissant with tomato & mixed greens.
Why are Irish accents so complicated and annoying?! jfklaf
New set of strings on, 13 gage & thickest I've ever used as normally I use 11's or 12's .. Yay 13! \m/\m/
What? Where? It's October!!!
Lunch in Beverly Hills. The two women next to me have just ordered Cobb salads without chicken, cheese, beets, eggs, tomatoes or bacon.
I seriously hate #Sprortscenter. It is APRIL and the stupid ass NFL still dominates the show. So fucking sick.
You know what? I LOVE Brian Lies. A man after my own heart with all those bats. But. I hate the CSLP graphics.
After all the shit we been through... I gotchu
If i was ur boyfriend ill never let u go I can take u places u ain't ever been before baby take a chance or u will never ever know....
Damn, just realized it was LA 2, Denver 0 tonight. #Nuggets and #Rockies have some work to do!
yeah,sure. mahomies should help each other right ? :)
I've been asked on 3 dates in the last day and half #WOW ...smh
RT if 0/5 of One Direction follow you.
!!!! RT “: Skinny ass girls that always complain about being fat are annoying af stfu nobody cares.”
Cut your winter dog walking time in half by feeding your dog a laxative five minutes before walkies
Working on a big graphic design project today as well as some DVD duplication & video editing.
I want some LOL
ATL Baby Is Where I Reside <3
Yeah, I've been really disappointed by how many of my otherwise thoughtful friends have been having a laugh at her expense.
woke up crying. dont think its gonna be a good day :/
Hi, You can follow me?
Alien in my pants
My second accounts first tweet is this
im expecting to gain about 30 pounds. #friedchicken #what?
:-) enjoy!! so i think im going to come to your house
No need to rent Shump, buy something. RT : Dear Donny Walsh...thank you for giving me a chance!!
Coach Scott: "We face a very good UNT team. They have probably the most talented player in the league with Tony Mitchell"
If you need a good interview for upcoming shuttle delivery, Dr. Charles Justiz, who captained the SCA cross country is available.
Dear NYS Senators Schumer and Gillenbrand, your phone lines are busy, but you need to vote against PIPA. Thank you.
RT : While digging for #FavoritePicasso stuff in our archive, we found this photo of MoMA staff packing up Guernica.
It's crazy what 5 min after 5pm can do to the traffic flow.
Also a big shout out to of for being fucking awesome and giving us a chance by booking us on his shows. It means a lot.
of tomorrow!!....wat to efen do!!?
yup he is! but I cried so much, and I want JoMo to play Klaus xD
these girl feelings are making me sick to my stomach. some one fast forward time.
Hey would you like to visit our Mark Twain Letters exhibition? We borrowed from Millicent Library letters btwn Twain & HH Rogers!
not entirely sure yet but damn a good dude just left us!
RT : It's true: Don't confuse traffic with engagement.
RT : Currently Reading: The Last Battle by C.S. Lewis. I apologize ahead of time for tweets about knights and talking animals
See ya in 13 hrs Can you feel it ?
Best couple ever<3 Just thought i would let you know(:
Ah well, no Jagr in the Pens. Maybe thats not so bad. I didnt really like his peanut butter anyway. Anyone remember that stuff?
I have to wait till this weekend to go to sprint
Thanks for the RT Chris!
haha I heard the video say it and it was like a reflex for me to turn around and look at you lol.
I'm looking for friends with benefits... mainly medical, but also dental and vision would be good too...
lunch date + ridding on the back of the bike = what I need 😜
The thirst and the delusion I see every day is beyond pathetic
And what the hell is with this ending credits song? THIS IS A POOR IMITATION OF BRYAN ADAMS ALL FOR LOVE!!!
Personally, I'm waiting for Kawhi
": ": For worse or for better were better together" " aw
i love suri!
llamf stfu!!! Phahahah he was a real live baby!! But I must say we look TF good!
seems like just yesterday you were 17... lol happy birthday<3 (:
bored as f***k man
That sucks big time. Here's hoping you killed all the little buggers.
the ratio is infinite if you want it enough, I hear.
apologizes for not tweeting for a LONG time. Patients need care, events need help, friends need to be seen and made. Back to reality! =)
Love you on live tonight's! Makes me realize how much I miss u!
Who's coming out to party with us tonight at TJ Mulligans, Trinity? It's gonna be fun... we'll see you there!
Any kind of #dog can participate in #agility competitions – Hooray for #mutts!
*www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS >>>
Veggie Delites are my life
lol stupid spell check i meant to say Freddie Gibbs
rehearsal for Jools Holland tonight!
sometimes we have to make mature decisions that can be beneficial for our future (:
I can hardly wait...to gouge my own eyes out.
we get to think of life as an inexhaustible well
I know I heard about it Elaine was telling me lastnight that u was moving you better make sure you let me know when u move
have a wonderfull weekend
They say love is in the air, so I hold my breath until my face turn purple.
Tryna go to chipotle after work
Whenever I have headphones in it sounds like everyone around me is speaking another language.
yea I'm taking Latin next year
I can never stay seriousÖAt first Iíll stare at you and then start laughing my ass off.
Anyone have a good recommendation for a St. Paddy's movie? I'm thinking Boondock Saints or The Departed...
The way you see them is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is the way they often become. Zig Ziglar
sorry to hear that. Siri helping at all ?
#NASCIO11a In my opinion this new budget norm creates the biggest opportunity in history to disrupt govt IT procurement: Open Source & SaaS
There no diet in the world that can motivate you. They all succeed or fail due to the operator.
lol ..which news channel do you watch?
Going to the toughest looking bouncer at a strip joint and asking if haggling is allowed.
Hm. I wouldn't worry too much about it. It's an easy fix. And probably agents/houses vary anyway.
de nada. Do you all have to use the "Weave" assessment (computer) program. I'm assembling forces here to attack and destroy it.
Pharez Whitted - Sunday Jazz Jam Session starts this Sunday! Gonna be HOT - Andys @ 11 E. Hubbard Street Chicago - $10-free for musicians
An intern, Microsoft Research, found out from one of presenters on my panel from
nice! lol. just saw this...my twitter has been down 'til now.
you can tell durant won MVP just by seeing his frail arm
Great organization! We are happy to be a follower!
People really do need to stop thinking that me and #oomf are together. It will never happen, I mean they text me from a food stamp phone. 👎
Can I order from factory????
Its Greener on this side no need 2 Rake :)
Why does the media INSIST on making Pinterest the next big thing? I mean, it's cool and all but it jeez...
For a second I thought he was talking about the boyz..lol
as much as your dick
The tour price INCLUDES R/T air from NYC. If you want/need to purchase your own airfare, there is a land-only package too!
I miss having my workout partner #sadtweet:(
I cannot remember the last time I was this hungover. Happy Mother's Day.
I haven't forgot. Have a blessed one hunni
The FCC Makes Campaign Finance (a Bit) More Transparent - Bloomberg
thanks! RT : Checking out down at Cool cart!
Yum......real Greek Food!
But if two wrongs don't make a right, why did she just make this left turn?
Non-bot here - Watching Tree of Life tonight. Heard mixed things. Will be interesting
I am definitely a dark beer kinda girl.. I cant drink stuff like bud light I stick to my yuengling.
the snack machine selection is awful right now. the concessions ppl are missing out on ppl determined to break resolutions.
nas! Had so much fun last night! #random!
i hope your Tumblr is funnier
I don't know...can't go back in time....but probably...but you and I can't talk for everyone else
ik same!! :( at least I got to see your beautiful face!
Fuck old ppl!!!! Yeah I said it!!!!
Following the #FreeSpirit campaign breathlessly, even off the clock. Here's a riddle: What do you call Spirit's one second of motion? News!
Drove Wmsburg to Yorktown tears streaming at Teri's interview w/ Maurice Sendak: beautiful, on books, music, atheism, love
Girls requested early wake up this a.m., so that we could all do sun salutations together.
yes....but not on Tuesdays :-)
Perfect beach day.
Listening to My Name by is the only way to start the weekend!
Sex pistols & Frankie goes to Hollywood this morning. Looks like an 80's kind of day!
We have the power to change our lives look deep within yourself and see what you can do to change to make you life better BELIEVE ACHIEVE
Self: are you okay Me: I wish I could tell you
wish I was in Nash this week! I would come see you!
I'm am cryyyyyyyin laughin at "Amen" !!! Sherman Hemsley a.k.a. George Jefferson is a fool!!!
Jackson!!! I miss you!!!
I came across it while doing research: Is this old wicker thing with a handle that I have a picnic basket, or a purse? Inconclusive.
Just becuz justin is following me doesn't mean I will get nore followers
Store all items in a cool, well-ventilated area. Hot attics, damp basements, and garages should be avoided.
Does anyone want to play racquetball with me at LA? I have two quest passes, just no racquetball equipment.
What's new and exciting in your life?
Bummer my #IL2010 proposal wasn't accepted. But excited to write a paper for #libraryassesment!
Slept in today.... Last week kept me busy, thanks to God!
Daughter: How did you meet Mommy? Austin: Well, it all started when your mom used to spam me on Twitter..
I feel like a bad person when I ask my parents for stuff
Is that lie
RT : DigitalNow 2013 set for April 4-6 at Disney's Contemporary. Already looking forward to it.
Wednesday 7:30. Meeting at PushPush for a revolutionary project in film and live theater hybrids. Mr. Meriwether. Come out n hear more.
Behance is such a great source for inspiration. Some incredible portfolios.
Got up this morning listening to #U2. #GoodMusic and
So of us might but most of use would not
need more then 1200 followers to make that happen
Little Joe!!!
one of many reasons! :)
its going to be humid again today no
thanks for the #ff Chris! have a great weekend bud! cheers!
This was just one of those weeks when I felt like fewer buckles.
At silk hookah lounge for the official meet and greet of
From when you lived here, guessing still up.
You're just a boy toy RT @ _SirHenry I love the sun, met pug Julia in the park, she was 1 year older, nice to play with this old woman"
AVENGERS. WAS. EPIC.
Did you tell her that you just left practice?
you're
School Tomorrow ughh :/
Have a safe trip Chris! And WTF Manny on the roids? Manny being Manny I guess
tuned in only a few minutes before the goal. saw the best part.
Grilling ribs and telling dear friends impt things while wearing green facepaint as 'the mask'
yeah, that was certainly the craziest part of it
Thanks for and You are doing it right.
For it being this early and hung over on my day off I was unusually chipper when I was taking a shower. But then mom cam home.
omg hahah run in with Pat Sharp #classic that's so funny
it's a beautiful day. So naturally, I'm going to be at work. :-)
Alright you pick the place and the time and I'll buy the burgers. Just not Friday.
“: Nice Choice! "Form of Flattery" #1977 Critically #Dope” indeed can't wait for another album
#privatepractice I think what made me cry the most was how fine #Jake is. I'm serious!
The Non-Profit Event will be luxurious after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
why don't you ever tweet boy!
i just keep going.
just had another one of those moments where you realize just how transformative tablets will be.
Cool. I live in Naples. Do you know it? And I lived in Rome too. Beautiful city. But I never got out of Italy, unfortunately.
Oh I missed that! Is it Netflixable????
advertising my business
Thanks for the FF!!
I fear mine reflect badly on my life choices... mustaches, drugs, pizza, pinball... at least beer isn't on there!
Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion
I Still Am!
Seriously, powers-that-be, you should really figure out a way to keep around. He's a huge credit to your organization.
And me. And Noel Crane.
When I play my maracas I go chick chicky boom chick chicky boom!
Someone takeover the vintage camera, the operator is tripping out on the keyboard close ups
Turning off my phone for the rest the day, and going for a run.
nope. Means people want to see u lol
Today in 1989, Whitesnake hits #37 with "Fool For Your Love." This is a re-recording of the song that first charted at #53 in 1980.
I am not interested in simply surviving. I want to thrive with the aid of my yoga practice.
WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY for Marion, Morrow, Knox, Richland and Crawford Counties until 9am Monday.
Gonna meet harry from TOWIE in a bit LOL
Y WOULD I BE DRUNK?
Anyone thinking missing the Champions League final for 3 yellows is harsh: remember two of the Chelsea players were booked for dissent.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said. --Peter Drucker
I know one thing John Elway is "NOT" thankful for, Tim Tebow! Every victory that Timmy gets is one further pick from the TOP Q.B.'s in Draft
AWESOME! I love days like that.
looks lke its about to rain :(
Who are some artists that you want to see us post about? Let us know!
Marty Cesario and Brian Roth breakdown the latest CET football polls.
i hate it when im singing a song , then the artist get the words wrong ..
wait for it....Mormon missionaries are sexy.
Just got to my audition got this in the bag
Rucker: CPC affirms district decisions in 7 out of 9 cases. Before, Superior Court was overturning most cases. Huff's bill muddles process.
are you not tweeting or did Twitter have me I follow you? I haven't seen you in my TL for a couple days. : (
I'll take a pass... But you should twit-pic it lol
Gonna need an evening cup of coffee...
Had a great day working on 's new record... Can't wait to start guitars and vox :-) www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
90% of success is showing up - meet broadcast recruiters from CNN, ESPN, CBS News, Star Radio Group and others on April 18
Are you too dependent on internet communication? How do you usually contact your friends?
oh ok and dont make plans for sunday
#Series14 is the ideal choice for commercial & residential: office buildings, hospitals, schools, restaurants, apartments and retail outlets
I'm sorry
True or False: all is well that ends well....? Happy Hour 1-8pm! $2 Domestic Beer, $3Apps, $4 Bubbles by the Glass
no offense, but I don't care anymore.
Car repairman, a/c repairman, etc. are lost trades. No one does those anymore.
Headed to Glen Rose with this guy!!'
A smoking section in a restaurant is like a peeing section in a pool.
you guys killed it. Those harmonies were SICK. Proud of you dudes!
This picture must have cropped out the sign that said, "RUN AWAY! Escape while you can!" That pic is too funny :)
Dont be soundin too sure lol lol j.k not too much on Him i dont want him too start Defenden Himself.
im at the right nowww!
RT : RT : Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
Josh, It was amazing. I want that so bad!! GAH!
Groovy! We're so happy to have you as part of Blellow! :)
It feels like we haven't talked in a long time!
just received my shirt and will send the one for asap! Thank u I love it Julie :)
"Foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of small minds" Ralph Waldo Emerson.
DON'T VOTE FOR 8 FRUIT SMOOTHIES!!.. VOTE FOR WHO EVER U WANT EXCEPT THEM.. -___-
Love the Twitter but WISH more people would vocalize their opinions to me other than DM. Let EVERYONE KNOW.
RT : "More than half of likely Republican voters in Mississippi say they think President Barack Obama is a Muslim.
My Italian has gotten so rusty... that's disappointing.
THERE'S NO PLACE NOT HOME
Happy shopping! I'm jealous of your day :)
Congratulations to for your award from the AU GLBTA Resource Center! Sorry I couldn't make it to the ceremony
I don't understand the collared shirt, athletic pants, and sandals look...
Anyone have an iPhone 4s OWLE that I can borrow?
Try to discover The road to success And you'll seek but never find, But blaze your own path And the road Will trail right behind.
Just watched 50/50..I recommend it.
Thanks for the RT. Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
"We should Be" by:Trey Songz
Sorry for the following follow bomb, but my band is finally online...!
LMAO this guy on Jeopardy had to guess the name of an artist. They played "Born This Way" and he said "Who is Madonna?". Ugh.
Zing one.
Pennsylvania: Lawyers, judges remember Dr. King's words on Law Day
no I got my back in like January so I'm good for a while
lol not true but you kinda have a nice tan when your white pimples all over your face and your brown freckles cancel out
& the Jonas brothers
eyes changing colour on the daily more than ever. grey/blue/green/weird
Getting ready to head over to GenCon to pick up a busload of LARP enthusiasts. We're very excited, and we're not even playing the game!
Just went for a run in #AlexandriaVA Beverly Hills neighborhood on "big trash day" eve. You guys throw out nice stuff!
It's 9:03pm. Do you know where your television is?
I don't agree w/ #homosexuality. Many feel otherwise. That's fine. Everyone's entitled to their beliefs. Please just go about it quietly.
Idk, two games in one year? It's a little risky, but let's be honest, Fable 3 wasn't to big of a success. Are these better?
but we had such a great day, I would hate to see it end like that..... :-D
what is wrong with you?! Lol I feel the exact opposite!
#dctech check out facial hair, front row on the right
Sometimes I Gotta Ask Myself,, "..Is It Really Worth It??!
Top of the morning to you folks, thanking God for another great day on this earth
Still struggling with the furnace, by the time it's done, summer will be here.
all by myself:-) I do my best work alone lol. I thought u went to bed
Come help
where do u wtch this video wtf
We're from Washington, D.C. and awesome- we'll check it out soon!
So glad! I'll see you there!
or maybe if someone didn't burn a timeout. Typical.
Don't forget 2 watch "The Tonight Show" this Thursday. Pitch 2 America starring the Hollywood Pitch Festival.
can the hawks get dwight without giving up 2 of the 3 (joe, al, smith)?would the magic still consider a marvin/smith for howard?
"Woo Canada! Nickelback! And hockey! And poutine! And ketchup chips! In your face America!" - (I think he's been brainwashed)
RT : There's a show called Wicked Tuna... Just thought you should think about that for a while.
Compassion, communication, and apologies FTW (on both sides), eh?
RT : NFLPA suggested that players have a lawyer&union representative present when they are interviewed by NFL investigators.
what happen to who the miz nothing
I love this rain!!!!'
moving is never fun
Pointing people back to our purpose with stories of impact bring about excitement.
not like he would care.
And right as you're leaving work! Blah.
I have a sudden urge to watch "Grosse Pointe Blank," probably because "Under Pressure" just came on.
"A bitch is a bitch, but a dogs a man's best friend !!"
Cool, just saw that. Mails soon.
slick! User friendly guide is a great touch. Your graphic artist should get a raise. Love the pics
Over 50 people want FREE tickets to Dances from the Heart.. What will you do to win yours?
#lakers trade Fisher and Walton away. I know many are sad to see Fish go but the practical side of me thinks it was past due.
Its like I cant feel a thing without you around.
I want to wish everyone Good luck on your finals, and for all of you that are graduating this month congratulations.!!!
So Tweet something! :)
Thank you so much, Lisa. Have a good night!
There's no way this PR person's name is real
Friends, family, and guitar lovers! I have opened my own vintage and used guitar shop, Thunder Road Guitars. Follow us
Naaa if Kevin love didn't get hurt he would have been MVP hands down
I can't believe you chose that handle & I love it too.
had fun shopping for skool clothes with my mom.SHOP'TILL YOU DROP
Thanks everybody for all of your Leap Day birthday wishes! :) I appreciate!
What's a good Cinco de Mayo movie?
I think I spiked myself this morning on accident
Yes I ! Do it Jah! dub up inna Italia!
I'm disappointed in myself for not telling her... Had an amazing time with her though.
omg i am so stoked.
So glad to see local news anchors drooling over Rick Scott. Not 1 mention of his terrible poll numbers or any challenging questions...
nice photo gallery there alex
Mixed thoughts about the logo. With no text, the logo doesn't scream Starbucks anymore.
Happy birthday!
AYE. Remember us? ;D
just do onto others as you would have them do onto you.....that's all you can keep doin.....
I don't blame you. I'd rather be "eventing" than chatting with me too
Lmao!! Ok, I wanted to avoid this convo but why don't you like it and who's mixtape is better??
19 days or << keep praying things keep going good this time!!
Ended up accidentally adding the same photo 3 times because facebook on iPhones sucks ass -_-
THat is a perfact example of "Thoughts are things" The emotion created by one persons thought captured on film . WOW !
RT : RT : This game is incredible. Student section really stepped up. Feels like OT and we're in the 1st half.
rarely, its all i can do to keep up with twitter and fb.
My adrenaline is gonna do ya in, I'm seein' red again.
At Dove Valley on #Peytonwatch. Elway and Xanders here. No Manning, yet.
woo! We should tweet the link to him too. :D
#yolo ha the things Miami makes u do
Another SCC Tweeter! Follow for updates from Whitefish Bay!
yes! I'm researching how to prepare college students for careers in advertising--what degrees, course loads, major names etc
: Thelma & Marty, you're big winners in my book.
Happy Birthday to my Wife Jacinta Shanae a.k.a The Redbone Mona Lisa! Right On!
Dude....I so want to like party right now!!
Are you in knitting club?? lol
Come get your coffee at BCH #amiamorningperson?
I only speak da truth..lmao
I hope you will be on!
*hot boy taking off his jacket somehow the shirt underneath slipps and you can see his belly* IM LIKE O-H-M-..*dead*
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I'm an optimistic.
did i qualify?
do all of us who make the stuff agree with you?
WAT UP TURF? HOWS BIZ.. IMA COP THAT BLOCK OPS
Dude:if you try to control me because your scared to lose me, in the end you will only push me away.girl: aw
We aim to please. *cocking a lopsided grin* As for dirty, you have no idea.
whoa Micheal Jackson is dead...!
I don't know about you, but the Friday afternoon info dump is my absolute favorite.
definitely chubbies i was always a boy meets world girl
“: Morgan Freeman is the JayZ of acting”
I ain't stressing its all good ... It's okay
Your Welcome, I hope you enjoy!
<-witness of AARP couple making out
Love whats wrong?
You know, I don't hate it. Kind of works. Surprised a team has never had superhero-styled unis and hats
Da Heat got blew out? lol
Has it only been 15? Feels like a lifetime.
Most children threaten at times to run away from home
was Cabelas crazy on Mother's Day?
"Give peace a chance." RIP, John!
“: giving high praise when talking about said he enjoyed playing for you” I really enjoyed it too!
That awkward moment when people accuse you & your best guy friend of having a thing even when the whole school knows who you like.
Dear Luna already did ;)
What bands are you listening to today!?
Eating Fun Dip
I am not young enough to know everything.
Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together ~Marilyn Monroe
Can't wait for this Friday night at midnight... the screening of "The Neverending Story" with the star Noah Hathaway at the Nuart in West LA
Suits new season starts June 14th ...FYI : )
Such a cute town!
Ah yes. We'll be stoked when they stop booking that lineup.
NO! They should have an essay contest, you'd totally win.
good night !
Follow a ill producer
true soldiers
Use the "lock this post" option on Google+ if you don't want people sharing what you posted - thanks #gsocial I love this option.
Terminator is ok. The robots are the best. Best Line: "I'll be back."
OK, we'll check it out. Thank you!
no problem let me know how it all goes!
I just downloaded an app called uloop and you get to make songs! I just spent the last two hours making a beast song!
The Bad Plus t-shirts and CDs available starting tonight. VINYL starting Friday. Don't miss out!
Happy quarter century birthday! Thanks for entertaining us on and off the field. You're a keeper.
"Don't become other peoples energies." ;)
Grammer deal with politics every day, deon is just a country ass cool cat!
This is heartwarming! “For a while, he had to lay down in the back of his mother’s van..."
have the stikers in spanish?
Off to Michaels.....I need another weekend craft....or two.
charles clue me in. everyone buys tickets to sell them for more?
they say you can choose the one you love so i say i love coffee! i don't wanna talk about it. end of discussion.
I'm still thinking we need to make a film together, sir.
My tears dry on their own <3
I don't care if I never meet or see Austin , the fact that I can still hear his voice and watch him live his dream makes me happy.
Guy at ragtag complaining about having "lyrics" stolen from him. Have I mentioned how much I love Columbia recently?
Hey I have a great idea! How about we DON'T murder people!
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy If you think you stopped the killer, but it was before the end credits, leave before they're over. Trust me.
#10thingsaboutmyself I Love Dancers.
Reserve a spot on Fri for LORD OF THE RIBS. $20 trinity: merlot shorts, Memphis baby backs & cherrywood smoked. 312-492-6620
Can you please fucking unfollow me? Oh and check your dm
Thanks so much for the compliment!! :)
good morning twiter
i have to go. bye..
am i getting sick?
Good morning! It's almost Friday. Let's celebrate!
that's so depressing!! :( hope you feel better tho!
your court or mine - lessons are a great gift idea! lets chat over email
Thank you ( :
Seven Pepper Sirloin Steak Salad >
The numbers.... where did all the numbers go? 0_o
