LMFAOOOOOOOOO @ all of the Yankees fans sitting down quiet after that double play!!! HAHAHAAA!!!! FUCK YOU PRICKS!!!
S/o to and her new lover ♥
I am, but my girlfriend and I were hanging out in Salem yesterday.
Everyone is feeling this across the board, including private school students. No longer is there a free flow of grants & aid.
Really interesting article.
easily there games just be at different places
So how many of you teens have a Kik? Add me if you do! Angelkake529
When I searched Justin Bieber, the last person that came up was Selena Gomez.
cool, I'll probably get a job this summer because I really want to save up to move out. haha.
Closed a 2K deal for someone to feature with me today. Such a business lady =) And "Rehab" comes out in less than 20 days!!!!!!
lmbo! You already know! He just need a reason to pull out the grill! Lol
The hours blend and your thoughts all haunt your hopes, your dreams your everything
Ouch. : “: The Jeremy Lin puns. They need to stop.” agreed! This linstant!!!
Just found out a preacher friend deleted me on Facebook...you can lead people to Christ, but you can't discuss things like a man...ha!
We have selected our venue for our Feb. 29 dance event! Stay tuned for deets - this will be a fun fun fun fun night!
Going past NYC looks so beautiful at night
Finally it seems the Chargers are settling down with another first down with Floyd
pretty in PINK Picture upload failed
why did you delete your facebook?
Outstanding day for Green Bay
Smoking Gun ~ johnny walker red blended scotch whiskey cherry heering / sweet vermouth fresh orange juice
I have found that people think im stuck up because I dont talk a lot. If you knew my me, you would see I just have trouble opening up to ...
Time to crawl out from under my rock.
Not to worry. There was a cat card. (cc: )
nice slide it in
waitwut? What time? O.o
LOL. Whenever my husband misses it I tell him what happened. Esp. when its something really bloody. He indulges me!
Sounds great, except the part where they cut care to illegals and payments to hospitals to achieve this "success."
I bet that's "kimchi" : craving kimuchi ramen so badly.
Share your passion about what you do. Networking tip from ,
A person? Who are you?
oh yeah ? I swear i didnt see all day at school ? and you didnt find your man , after testing ?
Who the hell does that to their starting pitcher? LMAO
Happy anniversary I love u
Finally finished editing my prologue & chapter one ... switching points of view is really hard work!
**CREDIT** TO 100K IN 4-10 DAY'S CREDIT CARDS/CASH LINES. 720+ SCORE **NO DOC'S** NO UP FRONT FEES** ​OM
Yep! Consistency is a must... tho hard when editing an anthology where Black, black, African(-)American are used interchangeably.
Stupid headphones that don't work!! Ugh!
FACT: More than one fifth of the nation’s two thousand poorest-performing high schools are located in rural areas.
#FF thanks and welcomes new follows and Move your way!
Im home waiting for you :-)
found a really interesting document that poses one of those interpretive issues that is both rewarding and problematic.
I just watched the interveiw. I never thought I could love them more. <3 Omg.
The #blood still works!
Merry Christmas everyone! Have happy holidays and I will see you all at The Bard's Town January 7th! -Jake
SUNDAY FUNDAY is upon us. No work tomorrow so you have no reason to miss this! Come try one of our 15 new bottled beers!
im mexican and im proud of it. you dont need to make fun of me for what i am. you deserve everything you got done to you.
can u dm him saying my name plz
#30thingsaboutme Thing #1.) I'm a rock band.
Aww love Mrs Obama on 'The biggest loser', so inspiring
You know who I'd like to see in movies...
yeah bruh. I go to Oceana
.is there a station out there who doesn't play the same songs over and over again!
Since the 3 mo #job my family was counting on & were told we had, was not. I won't b doing free promo
Came back from 3 weeks on the road to no electricity and a toothache! Sigh... Blog/videos/etc. from the AWESOME trip ASAP!!
man I need to go when it's cold here. Like October or November.
thanks for following... looking forward to your tweets!
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
Heading to for the start of #dcdrinkup. Who knows where the night will take us? Keep an eye here so you can join the party!
mad skills bro.
HA that's funny :D but hey everyone is gonna attend anyways! Lol
Good luck to all of the #MiniMarathon participants this morning! I wish I were joining you.
“: lets teach each other things.” Sounds good
Tried eating healthy and was doing well, till today. When I ate about 10 pieces of bacon
Watching mission impossible with doesn't want to watch it with us :( boo <3
Just booking a huge job in Miami!! Excited filming soon!!!
“: Why not bring on another defender or at least a defensive mid? Lots of questionable coaching decisions tonight!” terrible!!
"And the whole industry wanna 'fawk' your old chick. Only n*gga I got respect for is Wiz. And I'll admit, I fell in love with Kim..."
I only spent 60 bucks at the I <3 Hanson store. That is a serious accomplishment. Also I got a Hanson pot holder. Hahaha
what the problem is?
BURGERS, FRIES, SHAKES!!!!!!!! We have it all and we're open until 8! Come check it out!
"10 minutes" is generic term for "whenever" RT: have you noticed it only delays service by ten minutes? Every single time?
timeouts. if they are yellow, they haven't been used yet.
I hate when you see someone you dated and those feelings for them kinda start to come back.
is a great astrologer
I hope you stayed up to watch this game!!!! #GoCougs!
girl, name the time & place!
Is that Zanesville?
MY CAR WAS TOWED! Ah!!
Thank god! lets raagee! No late night porn tonight man!
I blew the speakers on my headphones!
ah THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!! :) Like I said, I still have a long way to go, but I'm very proud of my success so far
BanJoTour (banjotour) thanks for the follow.
People these days Dont know when to stop The Nonsense....
im new
Hanging with my boy ramez and in malibu its a very nice day .
TONITE: Be a part of my MUSIC VIDEO being shot live at my gig: www.theredcanarychicago.com 8-11:30pm LIVE JAZZ, film crew, great food, patio
definitely. It's gotta stop!
Say what?
yes! He does make me happy :)...I love him. The only thing is the family thing tht I cnt control
el oh el!
Cry For Cuts And Stitches Not For Bastards And Bitches.
You got an iPhone ?!!
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions
You're entitled to a day off like everybody, chill and enjoy, worry about the 95k tomorrow.
Thank the sports gods! Baseball season is here!!!
ah I just seen Too snakes Sliden Up the side Walk Like we in The Gladees
I have an exam tomorrow morning & if I don't pass it I don't get my high school credit for Algebra. No biggie right? :(
yes great legs honey
I wish Jack Davey and Brook did an LP of just rhymes+beats. She got flows!
Thanks for mentions!
I always wonder what people think of me when they first see me.
At #uwebc marketing meeting. Nice slide from Shoutlet showing effect of overlaying marketing activities onto results to make decisions.
well dont you look fantastic.
There is no worse sound in the universe than that pop-y, dance-y, techno-y music that plays on the radio and everywhere you go in LA!!!
Watching the vampore diaries so excited
Getting ready to teach more zumba classes! New shoes, music and ready to shake it out!
Thank you for the retweets! You are an amazing person! If I can help you in any way please contact me at my www.innothinkgroup
I'm going to college with my da for nursing trials Tomorow
last six baby girl. 3-1-2. That's from your own tweet.
#ThingsThatINeed my boyfriend, , and family.
lol not yet bro give a year or two , it depends on our progress in the relationship , and how she behaving well how we behaving
Hope you're watching on (no relation) will be on in a few. Her new is off to a good start.
Seriously can't deal with this right now.
Still have a crush on Leonardo DeCaprio. He just keeps getting better.
nigga i got plans but not for everybody to know
Omg this lady keeps singin you are not alone.....its driving me crazy
Ive got some issues that nobody can see...
Best way to access internet radio: THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW is thru www.worldtalkradio.com...Fridays at 12:00noon Eastern Time!
if you're reading this FUCKING TEXT ME
you guys couldn't top STL again, not making it easy. When #ToTE drops, steroids sect. contrast w/ beautiful fog on field tonight...
I'm going to do my best to avoid getting teabagged today.
what ya gettin?!
finals already?!?!
Getting ready for this Superbowl party. Needing alcohol. lol
I've been teaching a class at Emory University and topics related to #adaptivechat have come up recently. Looking forward to it!
Awesome episode last night Peter. I know a Stones song "Gimme Shelter" was used.. is there a list of the other ones? -David
"She's falling apart."
47 #AmeriCorps Legal Fellows and 6 staff from will be at the Equal Justice Conference in Jacksonville! Will you be there?
What idiots stood up to give that a standing ovation? I saw at least two.
Man the company sponsors for the Superbowl and Pro Bowl Parties in Miami are broke as "HELL"! I hope the game would be good at least..!
'Pick yourself up' the massage therapist said while reaching for an afternoon cup of coffee thinking really, massage is a way better fix.
Exec Dir James Mayer speaking. Talking about CAFwd govt accountability ballot initiative.
I was born to make mistakes, and I'll die with all of my lessons learned.
Earthquakes n shit
nice dude! I went to visit UCLA a couple of years ago and last year went to see AFI.
I am definitely biased but I wouldn't make the switch until you have checked out our latest devices like the Galaxy S ll
Ladies: Please stop dating bitch niggas and complaining about them. It's YOUR fault you're dating them.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Why were there many eggs underground in Shibuya?
Our coffee will get your tail wagging on Monday morning!
HACKNIGHT! let's make things.
poor mini 50 Cent??! What about poor ME?????
going to get my dress fitted
I need help I am having a CRUSH on a Bad Guy ! BrackiinHalf ❤ what do I do ?
#Angels are facing a rookie lefty. That's a recipe for disaster. Looks like Twins may have found a diamond in the rough
I organize the icons in my dock by shape. Squares to circles. FaceTime is the connector.
#SykesWantsBirthdaySex This fan base is great. :)
RT "A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on" - John F. Kennedy
when can you do the photo shoot?
last agenda item!
#Imagine Zayn kisses you, as he takes your hands and shyly smiles at the ground. He moves closer and his eyelashes flatter your cheek.
Time to beat procrastination again...this ones gonna be tough
Face time me!!
The only girl that had a shot at winning was #SkylarLaine, not that she's gone....JOSH or PHILLY :)
What a start lets go rangers
Hope I make some money tonight 👍
really surprisingly like . always manages to make me laugh.
I know my baby 💔
Just when you think things can’t get any worse, they do. I’ve learned that life is like hour glass sand. Sooner or
I would if you didn't live where Jesus lost his sandals!
I miss you too <3
Already Tweeters..Tweet on...been in the studio all day .. just now taking a break. I love this shit so much I get lost in it... Fllw & RT
Love callback auditions, now I wanna book it!
Weird looks-like-a-muffin-but-isn't thing topped with strange TBD orange spread. Sometimes the grossest-looking things taste the best.
No problem! I hope everyone at WTE is doing well! Keep up the good work, I am always checking out the blog!
Hell yea lol that demon level
My luv for people who talk loudly on their cell phones in public and the harmonious sounds of tambourines are in my mind... synonymous...
oh yeah I know right!
I expect a full report. I've already seen some strains from it today.
Oh Where oh where can I find a construction loan? Still hard to find unless the fundamentals of your site work as a rental.
Dear baltimore city, please pay your electric bill. #notrafficsignals in mount vernon
Have you heard about the Felix Lembersky exhibition coming this September?
OMG I would be so excited to go! I lost 12 lbs this season of and was so inspired :-).
Besides his inflatable bouncer phobia, Slim is fearless. I'll share the video (fr. phone) and the DVD I'm having done! Lol
I always worried when people said, "Don't worry, the tea party won't last." One should never underestimate fanaticism.
haha nice, gotta get one in us soon since Ur back
oh hello mr. Romzek(: what's my name again?
": pony?" never been to the pony what's it like? Lol
Wish I knew what you're thinking..
Everyone says power forwards take longer to develop at the NHL level...We have NO power forwards prospects and Koon isn't getting younger..
Bella is the best! I didn't go in for an up-do -- just a cut, but they had an up-do class this morning and wanted to play. :)
this lady does a lil shout everytime there team scores!
Tweeties Unite! We R on a Facebook friend recruitment drive. Please help Boys/Girls Club by joining group: Project 10 Experiment. Pls join!
Jennifer Lopez Says Adios To American Idol??
So annoying #naptime 💤✌
Watching anime in panera while my husbands car gets worked on. Here for a few hours. Oh and we don't have headphones.
um it's Lexington market
Excited for another opportunity to get better in a lot of different ways...
Code bloat.
Rare internet connection at the job site.
Finished Neil Postman a few minutes ago. Suggestions for follow-up reading?
Happy Intl Syrah Day! Come celebrate with tasting flights that feature our single vyd and esoteric syrahs #hiphipsyrah !
very good videos
Me to RT : I might just do it ...:) i might just become
Feel like I haven't been on here in ages! Enjoying some family time 'unplugged!' hope all is well with everyone!
oh hey
lol CALL ME right now
Pikesville Track Classic
Crackin @ the high noon, shout out to everyone that ripped the stage
Apprct it. Thank you. “: Thanks for all the great podcast episodes! Was looking forward to every week. Will miss it.”
Cont... Stiles: I know it Keeps me up at night
drink water upside down
Nice pitch
Nah depends who you were with
We might just have to bring the crew down to for a lunch meeting soon!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she has so funny tweets AND she FOLLOWS back 3
Everyone watched the vid i just tweeted its so funny plz watch it
#parenting Self-Regulation is the ability to soothe/calm oneself when upset. #Babies need to be taught this it isn't innate.
TRUTH, I AM A BEAST!! using it Right.....LOL see ya later, bye
wow smh you pay attention so well
RT : where talking about twitter in the 4th quarter happens.
Basically, bring in your own particular IP question/contract/case and get some feedback from the library's counsel.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Food. Cartoons. Food. Ghost adventures. Music. Sounds good.
I'm going to slam dunk.
Excited For New Jonas Album 27
Ron Harper had boosties ...
Cat&#39;s life saved by local vets, Humane Society
I want to be the reason why someone is happy.
Nice catch! What else is biting?
on set for the video
Who are u? bitch who are u??
WTF? Has your account been hacked?!
": dont you say no tonight..." u on Kelly ain't u
NC Forward bus tour kicks-off with public input, staggering statewide statistics and knowledgable speakers...tour continues through Sept. 23
Our educators will be at this week's Pre-K K conference at the River Center. Stop by and say hi!
A boy will tell you he loves you but a man will show it.
Cinco De Sporting happens in 5 days! Girls get ready to get your chips & dip on!!
A Portland police officer is behind bars. He's facing sex-related charges. Details at 10&11.
It's the little things that break your heart.
This weather needs to decide if it's going to rain or not. Damn.
All I want to do tonight is ignore everyone, blast some music, drink tea, and paint untill I'm happy..
NF my girl I love your music.
African dance is awesome.
Homophobia isn't a great word. It confuses people. What it denotes isn't mainly about fear, but people get stuck on the etymology.
Folding clothes!
Sunny Colorado day - gotta get outside and DO something!
Bench better without Harris, though...
Would love to show them the final scene of Failsafe, but I don't want to ruin the ending in case any of them ever watch the whole film...
they are all swimminh
damn, I was hoping that would be the deal clincher to get you to move,,
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins, not through strength but by perseverance. ~H. Jackson Brown~
great video about jobs, I was an Econ minor so I get all geeky about that crap..
I used to keep my lil nigga fresh with the best kush
If the Giants can't pull out a win over the Saints this week, well were fucked!
nah I sometimes do as well
nice deflection by the way
As I am planning my four days in California I am nearly breathless with how crazy my schedule is going to be! Phew!
“: wish I could bring my dogs back to school with me I'm gonna miss them so much" can I bring my rats?
Only a few more days to take advantage of our spring rose sale! Buy a case & we'll throw in 3 bottles FREE. This week only!
Thanks Blake for coming tonight. Looking forward to hearing you speak next month.
I love nights like this <3
Well back here again. All my programs for the week watched.
I go shopping xD
I dont know how you got my phone # but when I reply to your shitty offers with KLSTOP I'd appreciate if you would actually stop
The motivation for me is telling me what I can't be.
Rockies Reliever Joe Beimel joins The Score right now! Tune to 1510 to hear him weigh in on Ubaldo and his role with the team...
Want to paint but don't want to move.
sad at ain't it!
Nothin' beats a good cry to make you feel like a person again
congrats Rebecca on your Parenting Magazine cover!!
Where's Cleandra ?
Probably shouldn't have eaten that 😳😢 oh well...😞
TEXT MY PHONE
lol! It's pay phone, by maroon 5.. Love it!
Cute Husky!
GOT NEW NFINITY'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Add them to my nfinity collection hahaha keeping these babies clean this time!
#bonerville is right!!!!
just asked a room full of actors what ur referencing. We're at a loss.
Hope your hour was happy! Did you join us for a drink?
That is a mama's job, I have done the same thing. Gotta look out for your babies!
Tornado warnings isn't it just great to live in new york
I hope you all are aware that I am going to have the best roommates next year. :)
I hope you're right on $AMZN. Looked strong otherwise...
Bunbury with Ana Patricia??!!!!
Goodnight you guys. <3
Our lunch meeting will be starting soon! Stick around, we'll be live tweeting the speaker and topics at hand...
yep. We all got student tickets. Currently @ Pickels watching her down a quesadilla. I'm holding out 4 stuggys
Verizon air card not working for a year....
Man: "Please, have a seat" Person: -takes chair- "Okay!" -walks out-
awful - it's coming down so hard here, def gonna be flooding in the morning
So many cool titles, wish we could say we will have them all, but #RSD12 looks pretty awesome so far!
Think peyton is regretting not going to AZ w fitz and now floyd?
; #YouLosePointsIf you compare me to my mother..
SO EXCITED you're coming back to the US! Viel Spass in Deutschland!
rt Do incentives work for u? What would motivate you to do the 1 thing you are resisting?
have you heard that joke they don't tell dumb ppl?
All vivotek cameras have been installed in the Technical Support building, please call 866-999-4936 to get access!
Im Placed my bet on Mayweather yet im working... #wishiwantworking RT : Whats your #money on?
Eek! Just picked up packets for the trolley trail run this Sunday! I need to run today but I'm having a cheeseburger instead. :P
I want #oomf right about now...at least I'm thinkin about her! On a "I just wanna chill" type situation!
Have you ever tried working out at the beach? :)
"I shrugged." There, much better.
I am so proud of you; I read your blog and you took a serious stand on talking about BULLYING! I was bullied myself!
oomf graduating tmr & still haven't brought me my fricking snacks she owe me -____-
Just saw the Google Maps car traveling down I-75. That's one interesting camera rig
well yeah i just dont want her 2 b hurt cause if someone hurts me then she`ll kill them
Thanks for the RT
Qwrap) Susannah Rockman-Lee Learning Technology Manager, thank you for the quality discussion and new technology to ponder.
Yes. It's horrible she felt the need to do it from all the hate she got.
what's up thanks for following back :)
I WOULD NEVER DO THAT TO A REAL BOOK!
Unashamed pleasure at seeing dbag backwardhat megatruck driver who was riding my ass get pulled over a few miles later.
playing/listening to She Is Love by is too chill to be legal
At the gym getting this workout on
I am going to believe I am a functional human being, then!
her 3rd birthday would of been Thanksgiving.
Happy travels!
What the he'll is going on with this "somebody saying bad things bout ya" thing? Its coming from everywhere & ppl r asking why I sent it!
RT.x1000000 ": Just thinking of how bomb it would be to be in wiz khalifa's shoes Like seriously"
damn right ol boy
How's everyone feeling today?
OMG..Paula Abdul is NOT returning to Idol..it is to early for this news..YIKES! Need coffee
did u notice? Only 3 followers away ha!
Finished Hunger Games now i gotta make time to see the movie this weekend
don't undrstnd the concept of getting them to play when only one can hack it in the bigs (Ichiro). I also have no Jap twit friends
Doubt it.
no I did first haha
This didnt prove challenging at all RT Number 1 Bullrider in Mason! Come to Crave and try and beat my 23 second record!
beer and pizza on my couch
I am 58,stopped work 10 yrs ago. Had stroke.too young to stop work!i loved my job!i dream almost everynite I am working
- you're gone frm facebook page, ashleigh is gone here - are you the amazing disappearing Burlesons? Sorry about your kitty :(
Apologize? F that. Don't do it, Show.
Thank you so much for the RT!!! Appreciate it!!
Good morning and thank you for the follow.
Tatum O'Neal I was raised by free-spirited people, though my father gave me a very strong work ethic
#WeWontWorkOutIf we can't have open debates without you getting angry
You know he is white right? lol... but he is asleep right now... I'll let him know in the morning...
it's British football. I had no idea so many folks I know follow it.
At for candidates forum for #NPS #advisoryboard member candidates.
its never too late .
when u factor in the bottom of the order being up I think the bunt was the right call. It just did not work.
listening to music, ahah in 20 minutes i'm leaving too. ;o i'm going to study. MONDAY TEST -.-
Ahh i love all these wonderful messages i'm getting for friends :)
Nice work Minos! We'd love to see more use of black and white in #revideo It's classy and serves as good contrast to color.
yes i did thank you but you still didnt talk to me as much..
AWW! That made ME smile! Haha (: those clips in your hair are freaking so sweet!! You're adorable! <33
ga ha! Good day to you also!
And there goes the thumb again
Yes! Follow to see all the new reggae we release this year! ROOTS
Friends with Benefits .(:
What's that, Rick Santorum? I couldn't hear you over the sound of history passing by.
miss you. Let's hang out soon. ;)
Awesome! Would greatly appreciate all the help we can get. Can you DM us your email so we can connect?
Ahem. ... plus a visit to Saint Francis Xavier basilica in Dyersville. camping along the Turkey River in Elkader, IA.
Seems pretty convenient how every time I "build character" My dad saves a couple hundred dollars...
Whoever knew rendering an anthropomorphic ball of yarn would be so time consuming???
yay! we just picked up alex from the coalition! he'll be with us at our show at tonight! join us!!!
FIRE & ICEsome say the world will end in some say ice from what ive tasted of desire i hold with those who favor fire but if it had to
the new twitter sucks
just trying to get into the chirping world of twitter. Sounds like it might be hard to do.
The ugliest girl is macking on my ex boyfriend #FTW lol
yeah I'm kinda weird about pissin in a clowns changingroom
I have yout number silly girl! (: but ill be calling you TOMORROW as in Wednesday
He better agree! lol
yo I'm watching this game and the Bucks can't close for shit ... got to get this basket here ...
I love my wife
what type of diaper are u going to use for Lucas???
Hey this is Sam, and I look forward to the go see for the Vodka promo. Thanks LG
no fool, you're going to take a video of you chugging one and then post it up on twitter next sunday
We got a major announcement that involves coming soon.
Success does not come to the timid, to those who wait, or those that follow. Success comes to the bold, the brave and those willing to risk
u better run baby run out run my gun!!
Twitter dead now or what? Muahaha
I got the "big guy" today too, from a very nice guy... I thought exactly the same thing.
Want to send a huge congrats to #RisingStar on his new gig with the -
I'm back; sad I missed Kemp Malone even though says she forgives me. said the speech was full of great ideas!
RT : Thinking bout this morning. Sending love and well wishes.Telling evry one I knw in LA about wht you're doing
Thanks for the
Can't you see that were just a beautiful mistake!
When i talk bout being from 87th Its cuz i am..#GermanoMillgate, when i talk bout 40'z of Ole E its cuz i done hit the liq sto on Commercial
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
I am not a bumble bee
I expected more from you
I'm in DC!
ACT retake today. Time to kick this test's butt.
yep especially seeing as they are actually decent players. Pepe doesn't have to play every game
WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE MY SHELFLIST???
Come out, save money, and have a great time for a great cause!! What's better than an open bar and donating to cancer in the same night??
On the way to Jupiter, Fl to play the Cardinals. show makes this trip go by much better
Check out for luxury WordCampSD accommodations!
that's why I just shhhh till its over cuh😄
Thx Jeremy. Love your slogan, "I keep on living... but I don't learn." Sounds familiar. Will check out the
Our good friend Peter Parts on phone! Reminding everyone to get tickets for benefit #wineauction & dinner coming up!
Thanks for the ultimate mix! Made the morning 6 miler a breeze!
vs in #mls fantasy this week. Who's gonna win?
God can this be finess lol
they're pretty easy to spot out.
I'm rude AF but DGAF
did u get the track
Thanks, Jen! See you at 5:15!
got it, hold up I have to download the video cause I reavtivated my phone today! I'll send it I'm a bit!
On this new talk show will you be yelling "you get a buff! And you get a buff! Buffs for everyone!!"?
can you just please follow me my dreams will come true <3 LOVE YOU JUSTIN
Amazing workout ... Wow !
Good morning Twitter Friends! Yay finally Friday! Have a nice weekend!
Improve your live tweeting skills at a workshop w/ 2/16 7 pm Studio
Heading to Atlanta tomorrow and then on to Augusta, GA to play the big post masters party at Country Club
I'm the same way, but with Law and Order SVU. Damn Mike Post, that catchy saxophone, and the amazing chunchun sound.
Sypher publishes book about Pitino encounter
Great weekend in AC catching up with old friends. Off to work & then Internet Society of DC meeting on the future of the Internet in 2020.
Oh no! That does not sound good for you or me. :( I am physically okay, emotionally not so much. Hard weekend.
Thanks for the RT, Jesse! So excited to watch !
Guess I will have to dry my tears with some tickets this fall! Right ?
that is right!!!! Come out and visit me in San Diego soon ok!!!
Right after HAM won the pole something happened to his car and the crew told him to park it where it was.
Wealth And Health <3
every time i leave you, it's like my heart gets weak
#Battleship for the win!
Please RT! I'm the 2nd nd mayb theres even more, tht got hacked! I got mine back before I could lose followers, but please ...
*1 ALARM FIRE* BOX T15-12 1100 Blk N Bond St East Balto smoke showing from a 2 story middle of the group OPS FG1
they loving the crew...love this song
Follow me on instagram if you haven't already>>>>
What goes up, must come down. This hangover is a doozy.
Punk Mob Au Point FMR - ça change.
High expectations are the key to everything. - Sam Walton
hahaa my booger was a yittle burnt actually! darn them!
on my way to LA! when i come back i will have my THIRD tatt =D
Welp RT : The Heat just canceled practice and will not have a media availability.
:). Wow! My heart is your, always and forever
Specyphi What you Believe.......
Thanks ! That means a lot! You're a talented lad.
Free to Love
"I find a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread." Happy birthday,
Reel Big Fish Sticks
I've just have repaired my iPhone!!!)))
i miss you guys soo much :'(
It was We'll b able to thank her mad skills for this win.
Baby imma be ya motivation ;) ❤
Ryan Hollins just finished a lob straight out of "Blue Chips"
If I'm ever homeless, My sign will say "betcha can't hit me with a quarter"
I used to be so active on twitter. What happened....xD
it was magically delicious!
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.~Buddha”
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Apr. 22 The Glenn Miller Orchestra will be at the Paramount Theatre in Rutland, VT. Show is at 4:00pm (2 hours w/intermission).
Our nannies go through a highly selective screening process -- we want the very best for you and your family!
Sorry.. was out of the game yesterday.. slept more than I normally do all night! Was much needed..
TY 4 ur support! RT : The Gala was a huge success last night! We feel honored to have been part of such a great cause.
need some new people to talk to hmu :)
Just registered for the PRSA New Pros social! This will be my first one! I'm nervous, but very excited to some familiar faces!
congratulations justin glad we do not know how to see that today you turn another year of life I want a kiss
jeff asked me to write pop lyrics for him a few years ago. i did. he didn't use them.
Great catching up with , , and at the #LAKings game! #LetsGoKings!
Callback for NHL. Cross those fingers.
Good to see you on Twitter! What is up?
Bought the cutest maxi dress from today!
Free wifi here >:)
In love with everyone in 1D 
Come on over to our newly updated website. Visit us today at www.dogonwear.com Thanks for stopping by.............
They cancelled Lie to Me? :(
I'M CHILLIN
thanks!means a lot coming from you<3 goodluck on ABDC i KNOW ya'll will do AMAZING<3 !
I suppose solution, def nt d contrary.
Lost my I D damn it thats 31.25 for sum bullshit why dat shit so high doesnt make sense.. I remember when they were 15 bucks SMMFH
That's quite an endorsement from someone with award-winning hair according to
I usually chose by uniform & team crest. I love picking some 1 star team like Barnsley & beating ManU in the FA Cup...
TO #Caps after the icing. Both teams have used their timeout
Living in Boston right now, I try to stock up at Playboy events ha
Pau is a beast!!!
That's the name of our future metablog.
RT : My Weed? He Roll That. My Heart? He Hold That. My Back? He Got That. His role? He Play That. We're Happy. HATE ON That..
Need a few laughs, or funny people to follow, check out 's TL. And he gives great RT. If you're NOT following him, you're a dope
It is a very good game
Wow is going to make me cry with his press conference. =)
Great show tonight
#petsounds one of the best albums. Tonight's Beach Boys performance by #maroon5 #fosterthepeople was not
I think I'm going to need to spend some time at the keyboard playing Bach tonight.
I been busy but I didn't forget.
All these damn 🐤 outside my window chirping. 😂😭
Get your pet used to a daily teeth brushing beginning at an early age
Now casting for paid shoots need fitness and glamour models in central Florida. DM for more info
Check our site to have grad trip cash gifted to you & you both then hop to NYC to celebrate. So insanely easy :)
#concert, Happy 4th everyone
Good morning world
I love you & you love me yeah? yeah ~
miss you my friend. We need to connect
Diet and exercise can help against seasonal depression
it's tethering my entire internet connection for the weekend. I can't just stop having it tether. :-(
Pheasant Sausage today! $4.75 w chips and drink its a $6 even!
Song 5: it is finished
D3 extends good luck wishes to E.K.!
Shout out to our NWA Project Manager ! :) Day complete, thanks for all that you do!
4 yr old flushed his tranformer underwear down toilet - was the movie really that bad?
I love doing that(:
we have it reeeallly good in msn - Steve, food not pretty at the show... unless you think bags are pretty...
I believe we're back to the lucite trophies this year
Nobody better even think about asking me to buy something they are selling for a fundraiser . NEVER EVER AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fact: 250,000 new synapse connections are made every hour you spend watching the new
It's Friday...I'm in love.
i need a texting buddy... or just a new friend in general
Coakley-Vidal saying someone answered "coochie" instead of "coquí" and not realizing what she said.
Aww, you are too sweet. I know that a new nook is not a necessary purchase.
attended a cowboy church did ya?
Yes I do favor me own tweets! Why? Because I am just that darn awesome
RT: HEY! Kick Ass Product Dev/Management experience? Holler at me, have a great opportunity for the right person...!
Are you in for #edcampCincy this year? October 15th!
Wow, I thought this week would never end! Hooray for some days off!
ha thinking about old memories is fun but sad.
You need to get too the Shadow Room. Atlanta's New networking spot on Mondays Shadow Room 3443 Covington Dr. 30032 on the Eastside!
Was cute to see Michelle Williams take her bud Busy Phillips to the #Oscars. So sweet.
Spread Jah Love!
Attending First Alaskans Institute Elders and Youth Conference- Dena'ina Center, Anchorage, AK
is in his beloved Appalachians!
just saying I love when you retweet me
She wont do anal sex? Then tell her you can do better
You know it! RT promises to personally ensure #blend12 enjoys Milwaukee
I seem to have collected a lot of hangers that make it extra hard to get clothing off of them.
you are the wind beneath our wings. Wings powered by #tigerblood! You inspire us to not just be #winning, but
social justice speech on how much the class social justice is a social issue
RT : Hill gets *exactly* at what I was thinking about w/Chopp's narratives. Colleges need their own standards, break w/R1s.
Kicking off #know12 with customer video and now CEO Frank Slootman is starting keynote.
I wish I was working, because then I would have money for stuff lol.
WAIT FOR REAL?!?
When the 1% start sending messengers to you to beg for peace, you know you are winning and on the right side of history.
Pierre saying Schenn's cross-check is a good thing. WOW
What about coconut oil?
Beyondthescoreboard.net with all the trash talking ryan has been doing this is the first time he tackled the possibility of losing
totally agree :)
Back in class today. Watch out, world, I am about to become a super reference ninja. Or maybe just a helpful person...
lol man only If u could have seen cupids face no homo. Landslide victories
@ tpayneeee so so awesome! We really hope you guys like it. If you want tell some of your friends too! :)
List for today: Go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work. I hate my job.
A bad personality can make even the most attractive person ugly.
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister !! !!
Up early with on a radio tour. Today marks the 2nd anniv. of
Psa 28:3 Draw me not away with the wicked, and with the workers of iniquity, who speak peace to their neighbors, yet evil is in their...
I'm pretty sure I just sent the longest text message I've ever sent in my life.
I need proof!!!!! Lol
Please follow me .! I'm new in Twitter
This movie is so cute. Agkdjlshk ☺
I'm not risking incorporeality just to go whiz!
Anyone know a way to draw a shape and have it translated into a canvas tag?
I always think this!
So what happens to now?
snow day with mo and jordan
Girl you are preaching on twitter i love it. You speak the truth. I am so loving this! lol
Holiday party tonight!
Our new website is up ! Have a look !
What about a giraffe??!
Isn't that obvious? Cheers :) RT : Malbec World Day is tomorrow, how will you be celebrating?!
A5 My NAAS is to draft a personal career-life mission statement, complete with guiding principles. A manifesto of sorts.
How bout this fool just fucking hit my shit😡
We know the owners. They are a lot of fun. Oak took over BTW lounge
Ohwell..almost done cooking for me and oomfs dinner date.
VERY TRUE! I think it should be a great weekend though (it better be with all of these events we have going on this weekend)
Hey! Thanks d for thr follow and God bless what you are doing! Would love to network!
....or you can say it like that
has finally joined - looking forward to getting involved!
you taught me to never give up on my dreams and dream big!!
"Ima always b here too"....now dis is y i love
#FF to you all!
Derby morning. I'm in BFE Illinois but I still love it
I feel another turnover coming for
All free stickers have been claimed! If you missed out, we'll have em in our online record store opening soon!
kindle is getting a lot of love. I will check more out tomorrow.
NYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY $175> CALL 1-800-PRINTING OR GO TO www.800printingnyc.com
OMG!!!! SS AND CGS so freaking exited and happy right now!!! :) #showchoirkid IVE BEEN WAITING FOREVER TO USE THAT ONE
#ilookforward to finals being over. This semester was too much.
agreed. Saying it is an interesting twist does not make it so
When people talk shiet about you or someone it mean 1- they jeasles of you 2- they want to be like you It's a.true fact
Happy lunar new year to some of my favorite tweeple!
Ehhh. Yeah, yeah yeah. Gay guys just really need to stop being so attractive. Hahaha.
“We’ve become a referral economy and there’s great social cachet to sharing.” -
maybe afraid of ending up a mid major? Big 12 down to 10. SEC getting bigger.
I want some goldfish
let's see how good ios would be if it was spread across a dozen different hardware types... #Droid (droid voice)
Remember folks, it's now May which means one thing: NO MONTH ABBREVIATIONS ALLOWED.
I forgot I bought like a million lottery tickets last night. Whoops.
:/ what time is it there?
np! And his best friend is but it's hard to get him to follow you too... :(
I guess that's what I need to do RT : when I feel dat weh, I just go back to sleep and start ova lol
Drama, lies, tears. Cheers to the teenage years.
excellent choice ;)
clap his hands at the ref cuz he didn't call the right call, and then bumped him
haha don't know if you remember our convo but I figured out how to unlink someone on linkedin!
I just finished a 3.65 mi run with a time of 33:59 with Nike+ GPS.
Wow it doesn't seem like it's been that long! She was amazing! So young it was such a tragedy! My respects.RIP
Almost time for the #memoryfoam twitter party 5pm Pacific Time!!
- Kobe thought Steve Blake could be his Steve Kerr. BIG mistake
Maj. oppose cuts too RT : 93% of #seniors age 65+ say #SocialSecurity is very important to pple's financial security
Thank you! Had lots of fun working on it. :)
On my way to mentor with
That interdisciplinary feelingis in the air after the Social Computing meet & greet.
Sunday is the last day to check out the lights @ Del Mar Racetrack! So don't miss out on seeing this 1.5 mile long row of lights!
It IS High on Fire. They are playing some arena show the day before or after nearby and have to use a code name.
“: #hth2012 I'm up next... Lots of cancellations in this session” good luck!!
Beautiful evening so I decided to run off the sore muscles. I think it worked. Or I'm delirious & I'll be in the ER soon.
Wouldn't you like to know.......xoxo
Zendaya's Rocks!!!!!!! do you all agree??
Fortunately, I belong to the BLOHARDS, the NYC Red Sox fan club, and they go up to Opening Day every year on a bus trip.
even the suburban housing is good, I did a 3 day cycle trip around Flanders and the design everywhere was great
will check on that - thanks
don't leave!
we are all in this together :)
pretty amazing ain't it....
#BreakingTrivia! As of #Superbowl XLVI how many #Superbowls have the Giants appeared in?
she is!
The other place you'll find discussions is within modules--I link each week's there (but didn't link the intro).
Last year, but I never really got into either that one or Distortion. i was fantastic, but that was 2004.
+ all our other Kips, webinar is starting in five minutes!
lol I'm working I'm on him : Yes Indeed he should give u a shot or u caN give him1;-)
I agree, and would greatly appreciate it if you would come to Conn and N St. NW tomorrow
There is always one that is willing to put up with you and ALL your sh**! And it's up to you to realize that that person is THE ONE!
no problem you welcome ma im just trying to be a good friend
Thanks back to you! Hope you will join us for more #digped conversations.
I cant even get out of my bed lol
In the studio at USA TODAY doing live interviews with Gannett TV stations in Cleveland, St. Louis, Buffalo, Minneapolis
It is! Sadly no Union Station event tomorrow.
Wassup, thanks for the follow .(:
yeah I love blackhawk
Proponent of FIGHT TO WIN or get off BATTLEFIELD. Think too many people making money off status quo. Not want to win OR legalize.
omg! really britny!
when my college roommate got drunk he used to pee in his stereo speakers. All the time
ok well i dont live in the city proper. how about I just mail it to you. DM me yr address. Not a problem.
G.M.N.I.: In #China, I'm known as Quan-Xi.
: Q5 I wouldn't write them off, but think of how you can afford student loans. If you have the means, great plan.
Oh nice! That is a great set! Next time you're in tell Pam you're connecting w/ us via twitter & she might sweeten the deal
Agressive base running means Morgan goes home with 1 out.
what's the issue?
LOL. there's a market for everything. Tempted to do that just as a joke sometime...
Working out
I love eating ice ♥
Whoa! Love the new online account management interface! Looks great!
I looked always outside of myself to see what I could make the world give me instead of looking within myself to see what was there.
Being a legal resident/green card holder is NOT being in legal limbo!! Come on...do your homework!
"The twist goes like this..."
Having sex with the person you love
thanks for celebrating national peanut butter & jelly day with us!
Is CNN filming Paul's speech on their cell phone also?? Shaky camera makes me feel like I'm watching on YouTube!
worlds collide.
Nice! Should swing by my work and I'd give you your little guy.
We're looking for a home for our 9/22 meeting. Do you know of an available, Metro-accessible space for ~75-100?
Day after leap day, jump to conclusions day.
Leslie Visser looks like Joan Rivers...freakish plastic surgery.
thanks for the follow! I'm definitely interested in your posts!
The only Goal you can not achieve is the one you don't Shoot for!
$85 for an Organic Teeth Whitening Service ($180 Value)
wanna come to my bike funeral sat or sun?
The person that's at my house <<<
Now #reading True Blue by David Baldacci
Will #OWS ever protest in honor of the #unemployed? It is a direct result of the financial crisis
thanks serous sweetie
Letting my mullet-headed son eat jerky for dinner.
Much Amontillado About Nothing
What happens to the Veteran when the parades are over?
Matt Holliday on NOW!
thanks sweetie :) how are you?
I HAVE MY UNDERTHEMISTLETOE CD :) I LOVE THE PICTURES IN THE CD
Is Jose Conseco really trying to get back into the bigs via Twitter?
So we're just accepting Zac Effron as a leading man? Just wanna make sure.
Family dinner tonight! Last night together at my old house before I move out!
Food and Beverage Companies use Earth Day to Promote their Year-Round Environmental and Sustainability Activities
still sticking to the script, although I find myself improvising a bit......
her character in michael clayton was so freaky
Required reading for the digital now libraries are facing. Thanks!
#BruceWebber O-U-T at #Illinois. Looks like the coaching carousel starts early this year.
Aww thx but I am only a God-mother (to 5) & auntie to all my little cousins. :D RT : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Just got home.
i love working out
Wells Fargo's Curry (also on Chamber) up now. Stressing strategic nature of econ. development. reminds court that #apple has strategy too
": Does anyone remember the 2 prospects the Yanks got back for AJ Burnett without googling? If you do, you're a die-hard fan."
TRAFFIC - Fire Crews responding to 700 block of University Avenue, in traffic.
good morning!!!
Thanks for a nice event this morning!
You probably can't keep friends and guys "cheat" on you because you are a salty bitch. Get out of sheboygan.. oh wait...
TONIGHT hosted by The Swinging Richards and DJ Malone only $10 general admission includes party favors!
My son was JUST watching He-Man last week! circa '83! "By the Power of Grayskull!"
Meeting of the Southeast Police Comm Relations Council this evening 6-7pm, 5710 Eastern Ave. All are welcome!
Lol whatever. RT By bad five :) .. U making it hard for me u dig lol?
what is the 1974? When u were born...When you lost your virginity? Oh no, that was earlier this evening.... Pieces of what?
San Diego!!! We will be at BRICK BY BRICK tonight!!!! See you there!
or what man
I'd like to get your boy Chandler Harnish on my SiriusXM radio show today between 5-8 PM ET to talk some Cots & NFL. Help us out?
good morning Austin. ♥ I know you're excited for today. :)
SMDH at my followers !
I know I know!! Thanks man! Ima miss a lotta thangs!
My fiancee has the Casio Elixim and I have the Cannon Powershot - both take EXCELLENT pictures. Either would be great
been #ff her :)
Happy Earth Day! Or, as the bicyclin, transit-usin, recyclin, sustainable Militant calls it, "Happy Sunday!"
Thanks for the follow. I like the Night Rider mixtape, great stuff!
what's your favourite place to visit?:) and please follow me?:)<3
I had a great day in the bay area, went to mill valley, muir woods, baker beach, and Golden Gate park. I <3 SF
Just saw some #cosplay peeps downtown. is this weekend obviously.
she suck
are you positive it's them!?
Started my new gig at last week. Fresh beginnings are very exciting! Can't wait to tell you more about my new work.
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
thx for the shout-out!
Another night of insomnia, so thanks, I needed that laugh haha
also the first show i've seen that affirmed i'm not the only one with an irrational fear of contracting HIV that turns into AIDS
Introducing $14 Tuesdays! Any 18" pizza with 2 regular toppings ONLY $14 every Tuesday.
go to Dougs game at noon
~sometimes...what we really want...is just not what we need...and that...is the most difficult part...of it all
Thats it. We need an algorithm for our hair.
Dinner and "X-Men: First Class" (finally) tonight. And yes, I will be running around mimicing my favorite #mutant powers for a few days...
is this Tyson? He is beautiful... Still can't believe your mom is a grandma!
Woo, finally bought myself some new jods
#SOPA is wrong from a freedom of speech perspective/oppression perspective rather than an insignificant distinction
Days shy of my 42nd birthday, yes. Though I have to tel you they were IVF babies. But our 1st time took with twins..
Capitalists don't create jobs; they kill jobs to make more profits. They are not job creators; they are job losers. Go figure.
oh no! Does that mean you left them at home?
What abt the combination of both of them?
that would be great to see!
Trying to sleep , but its so hot in my room
That someone you wanna kiss on New Years (;
can you rt the patio link please, I wasn't able to open it
A Vagina is like the weather: Once it's wet, it's time to go inside.
Site will go live Sunday at 9.00pm PST! wether or not all products have been uploaded. we will add as we go!
Sometimes after a long day I'll drive home and just sit in my truck and stare at the windshield.
Who said it wasn't possible?!
thankfully, every day from now on is a day closer to fall
Would you mind reserving your username? hypothes.is
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success. - Henry Ward Beecher
Buy 1 Wrap, Get 2nd for $2. (Pulled Pork, Chicken, Brisket, Sausage) 24th St & San Antonio St.
Forgot to tell you. I scared the bejesus out of Nikki at the last kickball game! She thought I was the intense dude from last yr.
Just got an email from my kid's little league org, titled: "Child Abuse Tips for Parents." Not sure that's what they meant...
Wow bunch of haters, im a Raiders fan and I still wouldn't talk that much shit
Gotta keep the #PositiveReinforcement going :-)
one of my favorites
More is always said than done
I have 333 followers... 3, oh it's a magic number... Yeah it is... It's a magic number
"I want candy" wow this song takes me back... Can't help but think of :)
we'd love to have you! is a great eco line with fun summer prints.
Thanks for your assistance! LOL - CONGRATULATIONS! :) RT : Who has eight thumbs and just hit 1,000 followers???
Where is the fried cheesecake stand?
Ikr. I was oh no no no i don't think so. They need to get it together.
HaHa good one!! Like that one :)
Congratulations #BestInk winner
RT : WWJD? Hopefully he'd say something like "Stop dragging me into your bullshit you stupid hateful pricks. I'm missing Dexter."
Up 31 let's rest Pierce.
What are you doing on January 28th 2012? Coming to Last Night at the Proms at Palace Theatre in #Newarkontrent of course!
Hope to see you soon! Watch this spot for specials every week.
I could really go for muffins right now! :)
Well deserved!
Is there playoffs ?
"Scooner or Later" in Orange County, California for some early grub!
I wonder if is enjoying this fantastic NBA action.
I still got 5 years left smh
now you love it yes.yes. see LOL
ready to rev it up in Knoxville tomorrow morning...off to bed
Haha...I've been known to confuse people. I hope to be drinking it this wknd if I'm not subjected to #greenbeer for
Jacques Revel on the "The Public Uses of History". Tension between History, axiomatic expectations, and memory.
Might be attending FIU
More great times to come Pittsburgh!
fisherr is alive ! :o
Football baby!!
Time for TV! We have a yacht fire in Ballard, a big day in SC for Boeing, and we're hoping for sun this weekend.
LOL JK. I'm at the gym though. Friday night. Relieved it's Friday. Stressing this week. Just relaxing and working out. & You?
so tired
yeah, it needs to be halted yesterday. That kind of disregard cannot be allowed to exist tomorrow. Absolutely sick of it.
Selfishly, I'm going to hope that is ruled down at the 1 and the next play is a TD pass to Finley...
Entered data into Kutub->Handbooks->IT. These are notes on computer hardware. These were copied from A+ course books and other texts.
bring the boyz here to hawaii or else...
If your last name is Pepper, could you ever consider a career in medicine and be taken seriously.
The White Girl Wasted Megamix will be finished in time for you to blare it on the way to the club tomorrow.
hey why did amanda go to corpus?
What do I want in the scene. Keep it simple!
Trying to use the light from the front of your phone to see the back.... -__- yeah.... Doesn't work!
Thank you for the RT. An empowering reminder for today. Glad it resonated with you too. :-)
REMINDER... The show tonight at The Paradise has been postponed
depends what your profession is!
Man I am not a fan of #adidas but the new ad campaign wit #kenjeong is hilarious.
I just watched this tonight with my lil guy!
Last day at the best job ever :(
Had a dream about #oomf. It wasn't like the one she had about me though. Smh
WHAT THE HELL!!!
Playing on the radio, y'all!
Thanks for the follows! Have a great weekend
ahahaha same here(:
Fabulous Baby from has been stuck in my head ALL morning long.
Did you sign up for a trial? Let us know if you have any questions. Everyone at is ready to help you.
It's Friday! End of the work week, great spring time weather, who's looking forward to the weekend?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
As a supporter of marriage for anyone who wants the misery. The president is doing just fine in Gay support.
Lots on #Agile here at #PMINAC. What was today's best Agile session?
so hard to get anything done knowing how beautiful the weather is outside.
Just got home from Julian. My little one loved picking organic apples and pears in the orchard. Now... what should I do with all the fruit.
I hope do more than 10 shows now that is back. Fingers crossed they come back here with him. ")
HR by Mark Reynolds. A little too late for me if I was the manager.
He who asks the question cannot avoid the answer.
Christmas Photo session coming soon! WE look foward to sharing. Have a great weekend everyone!
Wuddup cuz! Good to see ya doing well
No book club this month. Sad face. We resume in July; read GAMESTORMING and chat with author Yay face!
What a performance by played 50/50 with paul Harris and showed he deserves a shot at Silva
Agree on context, but context comes from more than just numbers--and sometimes small numbers mean a lot.
Yes!! Lots of swimming! Shifting my focus to triathlons for the summer.
hmm.... what should i do for the next 48 hours?? lol
whats up Mr. West keep making music...
Thanks #FF right back at ya!
And the troll that lives under the bridge steps to th plate...
If I tweet data at a council member prior to a decision, is it part of the clerk's public record?
Hard run yesterday...it's amazing how fast u lose it when u haven't ran in a couple weeks!
My travel schedule for the next couple of months is nuts, but if the dates work out I am totally there.
"Concise, direct specific" - we agree, less is definitely more
Happy bday to this stranger
would love to hear Kandy Don't think I'm not. That's a bad ass song. :)
hurt my feelings now im mad grrrrrrr.....
Headed to compound
You gotta do what you gotta do, but every #packer fan I know wants you back on the field in green and gold.
not really interesting! but you are so nice :]] YAY! xoxo
I love seeing you
I totally agree. Not only marketing people should use of social media in museums
Making progress!
You. Are. Awesome. Thanks Yu!
The best things in life are either illegal, bad, or fattening.
#lxchat RT : Yes, my company focuses on producing site-specific performance. Basements, gaols, heritage buildings...
it's fine for me... are there problems?
For sure!
the grizzles not about to lose on their home court tf
I don't know what you mean by early grave, but judging by my appointments to the hairstylist and dentist I'm probably not going to have one.
stories on the impact of OA: first year of free access to Medline: 70 million searches. Public wants to know, access
congrats on 3m followers! you deserve it!! :D
Not gonna scoot down to yo level !
Thanks for a great Jazzfest everyone!!!!!!
In the words of a young man I know im not talking to you I'm talking about what I'm taking about if it applies to you o well!!!
glad to hear it!
Goal: snatch up as many ethnically diverse babies as possible. They run rampant overseas and I luvv dem.
I would love that! Can't wait for the "Victor Is Alive" reveal.
Lady was ogling and his arms lol Im gonna pimp him out! Lol
It's never about knowing who you are, or who you want to be... It's always about trying to figure out who you should be.
But Good Night AGAIN . :)
I will edit the eff out of you!
How do you unwind and relax at the end of the day before you go to sleep?
Join us 4 dinner at the Chick-Fil-A at Coliseum Dr! Dinner starts at 5! Bring us your receipt, after you eat! Bring a friend
Added to that awesome, I worked at KFC in high school.
Why is the gym more crowded at 1am than it is at 1pm!? Gotta love Harlem
Was just introduced to www.airesd.com. Anthony is kicking my ass! let him shape your body before your boudoir shoot with !
Ohio residents we need help: Write or email your senator & tell him or her to support SB 40 to make November CRPS Awareness Month.
I've had the same phone (Evo Shift) for 2 years now, and I still can't figure out how to get it out of my pocket without dropping a call.
My daughter is addicted to Dora the Explorer and Diego.... Those cartoons annoy me alittle.
Sweet! Fingers crossed, someday, I'll be there too!
go write your paper
What a great start of the week & end of the day. Goodnight, moon.
Great opening show, story line, and creator! Love behind the scenes real life story!
Excellent week @#bbworld10! Can't wait till next year. Thanks to the Content System client who presented. Great info!
im thinking the same thing lol
Watching Mad Men makes me REALLY want a couch for my office.
your couch is the best for it though i miss it.....
I just pissed a venti skinny vanilla latte
I Would Mostly Die 4 u
You are a true balla in my eyes!
And the hits keep coming. TD #UGA! Watch out LSU. We're coming!
one of my hot hot hot husbands in my dreams is celebratin his b-day 2day! happy birthday zayn hope u enjy it! for lyf mwah
I've said BARAJAS (in my 2008 Hossssaaaa voice) so much in the past 10 minutes, my son told me I have to go to time out.
I kissed a girl ♥
Guess the Sun is gone for the day :(
have a feeling i'm getting played..
Don't see why guys hate on One Direction. Oh yeah, maybe because they're jealous that all the girls are in love with them.
sittin here lookin crazy cuz my nose been stopped up since yesterday
Congrats, Kelly! Happy to see you find success.
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
I don't wanna move. But I have to get ready. Bo ):
Hear that ? RT: One of the prime differentiators for me between Drupal/Joomla/WordPress is not paying for modules.
I really appreciate the RT, if you ever need photos done for anything look me up, haven't seen you in Goodwill eCommerce lately.
I was thinking this was regarding your birthday and was just imagining you on your 21st lol
you realize that's a decent business idea...
Bath & Body Bistro is open til 7pm today. Get your last minute Mothers Day shopping done with us.
I feel like getting drunk and playing rock band 3 today :-)
Making regrets is not what I do.
RT : Did y'all know red and blue makes purple? Damn learn somethin new everyday < oh you didnt know that ms politics? smh lol
Getting ready for the 18 mile push from Santa Monica to Redondo.
Almost bought Special K chips the other day, but the box was almost lighter than air. Is there really something in there?
lol just took a whole plate so there's not even ten left!
Andrew Luck will challenge Eli Manning for 'Nerdiest In NFL' honors. Athletically gifted, I'm sure, but painfully boring potential star.
Get off Lebron's jock. Plenty of normal people ride their bike to work. Just cause his bike says king James its cool. #comeonson!
What are you building?
what happened?
But I still retain the name one flip skip.
haha..me too...and I already have my make-up on!
when do I get discovered??
RT : 'Ya gotta sweat like a pig to look like a fox!' HERE.. WE.. GO! :-)
Are you still needing group members for the #48hrl? I would love to be on your team!
Do your stats say anything good about Bosh? Is there be a worse fit for what the Heat need? Big 2.5 seems complimentary...
Shopping with yo and renee for their bridesmaids dresses for my wedding :-)
Gotta force my self To sleep tonight I had a nice Nice Nap
Le nope! Whenever you two do adorable/ridiculous things, it shall be tweeted forsooth.
need a new twitter name!!!! hmm...
-~!||! SATURDAYS CLUB MATRIX...NEED VIP... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.....--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Wherever I go ! :D
RT : Plaza under attack by police. Possible attempt to clear. Support needed.
Sandy Sheedy is circulating a memo attacking the arena deal.Pls call her office number is 916-808-7002 and encourage her 2 sppt.
That's great!
Fortunate morning when your roomate's alarm wakes you up 15 mins before your class starts...
In n out for breakfast.
We’re so glad you like it, ! #nafsa12 attendees, be sure to check out the mobile version of conference connection!
I can't help it. It's in my nature lol
There's more to life than school... Just sayin'.
Just because I know how to fight, doesn't mean I'm not intelligent enough to get out of a situation where someone wants to fight.
"New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything. For the heart is an organ of fire." - Almásy (The English Patient, 1996)
If everything go right wit this court case...I'm there
Absolutely.......NOT! You're crazy!
We Love Arts: The Book Club Play
Hiball is the only energy drink without calories, sugar or sweeteners of any kind. It's simply delicious.
Larry Brown. Born & raised in
Chandeliers in cages FTW!
with the girls on tap for a fabulous sunny evening in MN! #Irish_Moxie here I come!
I had no clue Peter Shankman did so many cool things, like AirIntroductions.
Enjoyed going door-to-door in #SD08 with today! Lots of support for in Mequon!
Making me proud boys. Making me PROUD!
Working from home. Laptop-loving baby's dream come true.
Danielle Early on Inglorious Bastards as an example of potentially emerging revisionist trauma fiction genre.
interesting! I love it
Sometimes I hate being right.
no problem. Hope you have some luck finding a place to watch the #hawks game tonight.
don't mock me
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow ~Swedish Proverb
:( GoodNight y'all...n mii feelings :(
i bet! :D ah you know what would make you totally awesome?
very untrue.. In a sports abyss right now.. Hibernating a bit pre-NBA playoffs.. I'm coming back.
Please let upshaw fall to the #bucs in the second round
Commission adjourns till 9 am tomorrow.
lol that isn't that bad!
THEY MAKE ME WANT TO TAKE NINJA TRAINING AND KICK THEIR ASSES. Silly insects.
great observation. What counts as investment, and what are the returns?
“The important thing is not to stop questioning.”-- Albert Einstein
Vino Verite has an amazing #deal right now! Located on capitol hill in #Seattle, everything is 15% off! Stock up for summer #wine lovers!
It's Friday drinks and gaming for all my friends!!!!
Oh wow...thats a lot for a friday night :/ Good luck! I haven't been quite that productive tonight haha
RT : 2 products i couldn't do without, both open source: moodle for course websites and trac for project mgmt/wiki/ticketing.
isn't that what I said?
are your quizes and tests open book? And either way it's a joke of an ap class no matter who your teacher is
Oh. Gotta check it out. Thanks for the tip! RT : no worries... During the week they have a killer happy hour!
congrats on all the raves for your #ArtGameLab workshop at #MW2012 ! G'night.
All I heard were boos when the Pats ran out. It's clear which team the fans are going for
Why I am I dying to live , if I'm just living to die -
listen to music everyday.
Elevate was on
In so much pain D:
About 80% of people who have had diabetes for 15yr or more suffer from some damage to the blood vessels in the eye, or diabetic retinopathy.
You play like a bad sport, her feet on the dashboard
I want to hear the words "to the disco beat" in just one rap song this year.
dying. F Lee Evans
Luna, tweet something nice!
I think you may have a typo in your post about your friend's book, Catharsis. Did you mean to call it fiction; not non-fiction?
exciting. Looking forward to the inspiration
I like Swanberg's IFC series YOUNG AMERICAN BODIES & his NIGHTS & WEEKENDS
Can Punk Put The Showoff to Sleep?
"I always wondered why somebody didn't do something, then I realized, I AM SOMEBODY."
Craving french onion soup lol and I fucking hate onions
the wife and I just watched Tucker and Dale. What a fun movie!
I still gotta think of somebody. 😉
You'll be interested to know: in the Dept of Purchase we have a central inventory. We can tell you [all] we have from a toothpick up. [1944]
If Ur a celeb that needs to "strip bare" for your fans, U need them. For most, it's like "big brother"; unnecessarily invasive.
no problem
I can't stand listening to her on Dr. Drew. The psychologist( kind of ) balanced out her inane babbling.
GUCCI, GUCCI.
Did u get the message I sent abt printing?
Can you recommend any freelance community managers in Chicago? Have a nonprofit client with a great project.
With every crisis comes opportunity. It's there if you look for it.
Good Morning! We're getting excited to see if T.S. Don will bring any rain! It would help Texas so much! :)
Holysmokes! has 1.2 million followers on twitter. Guess I better get movin. Hey gang follow me on twitter and like my fan fb page.
Tune leech?!!?!
UR commercial 4 2nights debate is great. "What's your policy on student loans?" Read the contract U signed
is killing it at #140cuse talking about #game162. by far best tweets of the night "..."
We've arrived at
thanks for the follow guys!!
came home on lunch and got to see #brewers maysonette hit grand slam.
Im praying for your puppy. If you can visit with him as much as possible, that will help with his will to live. Good luck.
"Supreme Court hearing on #SB1070 is key moment for civil rights in the US. #Justice4AZ #SCOTUS” via
awesome!! i always love meeting new people!!
Job resource site of the day: www.careerbuilder.com - great resume building macros and customized job searches.
End of July dissertation progress: 205 sources consulted, 4,565 notes taken, 1 chapter drafted. Making progress.
Those people that tweet good shit
- How's about some Matzoh Ball Soup?
true true...this laker game is making me cry right now.
#west #west #west!!!
4:20. You know what that means? Time to exercise, of course. :-)
3 great names for future ASU Coach: Kevin Sumlin Houston Art Briles Baylor and even Mike Leach. Would make asu exciting again.
thanks for trying.. :)
Maybe babies don't need the spoon-fed mush" These articles drive me crazy! It's the Division of Responsibility not the texture of the...
i may need a real historian to help me. I wonder what Newt is doing... ;)
Hope you are enjoying!
just like sneezing in my bathroom
we got practice tuesday too we got to do push ups and suicides
We need cars fueled by drivers' stupidity because that would help the little oil shortage thingamajig.
Get bought 11:11 #MakeAWish on Itunes.. I love it (:
the most fucking annoying thing is those fake celeb accounts that say "follow this acc and RT and I'll follow you back" or something
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. ~ Dalai Lama
niggggggggga don't tell me what to do shit fuk Dam ugh lmfao
please don't believe that. in my eyes, u r the better one for so many reasons...
As he should! #MittRomney is ALSO a #Bigot!
Portland crust punk spends weekend trying to master the bedazzler so he can add studs to his new vest.
Knicks need a slashing/dishing PG. See how many times Toney Douglas goes into the paint in a game. Once at best.
Celebrate your bday Saturdays at commonspace everyone free all night 2 bottles +champagne for $300+ cake and balloons w/a full set patio
Girl you ugly stop trying so hard... Itll come.. You aint ready for kids. Nor is he.
Milwaukee still loves you! I got a "you" bobble tonight! Everyone else was taking...nvm, I got the best one! :-)
Suggests a public shame campaign against faux social change efforts. Maybe Edelman can take the lead?
I'm w.Obama. Def lesser of all evils IMHO. Politics blow: pres. battles house/senate, accomplishing little.
I want to do Kenya to S.Africa in 2 years .
San Francisco-based Gimmie is offering marketers the ability to interact with mobile gaming users based on their in-game achievements.
Thanks for the follow! I enjoyed your breakout session at #LiNC. Keep up the good work! I'm curious about your reality TV past
i miss twitter so much <3
YES!!!! LOl Its, on the 26
I hear all these Bachelors have dogs and work out.
I can't tell between cops & robbers
so I wonder what is doin. probably missin ha best friend lol cause I no ha best friens misses her lol :-)
Thanks, pal. *feels better*
In Music Meeting-Tonic “Release Me” hey the corporate rock sound is still kickin’ not a big fan of this
I couldn't find the garbage...I panicked Your Awesome
