Funny... my Mom just pointed out that is asleep in my bed while I'm sprawled out on the living room floor. #HappyMothersDay Mom!
Not yet. Did you?
oh snap
s/o #NF can gain some #followers pls
Buy local - support madeinnewark.net
Appreciate the mention guys! Thx for the guitar! ;)
Likewise. Exciting times ahead for us both, I predict. :)
You're welcome! You should really let Temara come to Atlanta to hang out with Me and :]
Another great win!! Good job lady's love you
Amazon bestsellers: 1. Going Rogue, Sarah Palin 2. Arguing with Idiots, Glenn Beck 3. The Lost Symbol, Dan Brown
Another sleepless night alone <<<<
PEOPLE - not restaurants - need to be responsible for what they eat. Better education & affordable healty choices!
why. Are. You. At. A. Hospital. .14
Fried Chicken, Mac && Cheese && Corm!
Santa Monica is getting new smart parking meters. More ways to make $ and rip off the community.
im out here by sea world though.
RT - In #planning, collaboration trumps compromise and results in big ideas, team building and actionable buy-in!
had to cavities filled without Novocaine; feeling like a bad-ass
please. Tongue was firmly planted in cheek
Life is too short to sit around miserable. Get your ass up and enjoy life to the fullest
Failure is meaningless if you don't learn something from it.
No Donna Summer past away. R.I.P.
Well, you just proved learning is a lifelong process. Thanks for sharing. Todd
enterprise development == databases + crappy products
Chris: What did you guys name your baby? Nick: Blue Ivy
Two down, two and a half to go, hello Mississippi
#CincodeMayo lunch with best friends ;*
Aw your so sweet: ) I wish we could too!!
Doors open Thursday night at 9:30 but tix are sold out.
Andy Van Slyke's kid is at bat for the Dodgers, you are old.
I think this is a great move by Acta to bring in Sipp #thingsnobodysays lol
Quite tempted to give Dialog a series of four-letter commands, as the basis for an article that would generate millions of citations…
I'm guessing sleep isn't an option today ._.
is it true??
cheesecake is def a sometimes food. It magically makes everything disappear
I'll grant you soup. But you can't roast kale...
"Jake the Snake, hanging in the weeds . . ." - Jim Jackson, PHI 3 - 2 PIT
I agree (also I'm sorry if some of that was mine). And enjoy the freedom :)
I'm in Stoke. Didn't realise they were playing Man U today. Anyone hook me up with 2 tickets? rioferg8rc.
Why wouldn't they want the Muppets on stage? Because we'd actually enjoy the performance?
good lookin' laptop stickers ya got there.
Im super addicted to this oil from my school O_o
im sleepy NOW. but then again I said that last night and didn't go to sleep til 9am
Elvis Martinez Concert at Malaya's Night Club, that shyt was Fuqcking Live!
Thank you for making Lois Lane so incredibly heroic tonight. You reminded me why she's my hero.
is addicting
425mm people using FB on mobile!!
Elizabeth Warren is my hero.
An IBM? For home use back in '82?
Hey Vanessa! Are you free next Thursday the 12th at 2 p.m.? I don't want to interfere w/your classes. What works best?
perfect. Think it's going to sell out. We'll cover the 7 places you can go to work on to become the person others buy into!
Fun day I had, School tomorrow, Kinda Sucks!
cool vids dude.
James is out at 38. Allen is out at 27. 4 challengers left.
Surfers, surfers, surfers!
like two days ago
why what did u do??
Anything that the Dems do was tested a year ago in Wisconsin. #LtGovKleefisch #SlythePig ": Democrats' war on mothers:
Luging in #Queenstown today with my discount!!!
agreed. i found it most entertaining. (the use of my punctuation counters my sole use of lowercase) :)
That is why I just get a digest version. :)
txt me real quick 4349188
the flowers are beautiful!!!
A lot red out on the streets of Madtown tonight. Represent!
thank you! :D
we did! Great turnout and great wines :) we missed u!
If you try to achieve at something that your heart isn't really into, and that your body doesn't respond to, you won't get very far.
follow back please? X
yes, you can download the source. It's a little wonky in some ways ... you have to download it (right now) folio
Think im gonna have to child proof my cabinets to keep my dogs out of them.
good what happened up all night ?
yeah he said he almost got sent to the office!
With help from just ordered Uni buttons to be handed out when Uni is first put into service in NYC. Hint: I used expedited shipping.
Twitter is a great place to babble your thoughts.
I think I just woke up my entire neighborhood after that goal.
listening to and hear my friend and his rocking violin intro come on. awh.sad miss him.
Ill pay mother nature just so we can get on with summer
Last Monday up until today >>>>>>>
Goss: Young people need quality education available in their neighborhoods. We are failing them.
She's still sleep as usual
Why do people love their attempts to steal your joy?
Don't get confused between my personality and my attitude. My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are - 2Pac
BITCH U WASNT WITH ME SHOOTING IN THE GYM !!!!!!!!!!
I really like the Christmas lights in my room!
glad you weren't stuck too long!
Let me get this straight Stephen Hawking left 2 wives and know has been seen frequenting a sex club, who knew that ALS makes U a dick.
Got that # off of GAB site. 2010 I think. Was surprised to see 11,782.
Let's unwrite these pages, and replace them with our own words.
Nope, you're not on crack. Sadly, the show was cancelled. Come see another show with us!
I'll work on it over the weekend to get it right it may take the place of the Reuben as a special next week to see how it goes :)
I skipped first period . hahahahhha.
I KNOW ME TOO
Even in the terrors of the night, there is a tendency toward grace that does not fail us. - Robert Goolrick
NO way 2 kelly kanes!!!! :) AWESOME! U both rock and thx for the love, & IA will keep matching people w/ cancer!!:)
Beautiful Sunday morning!
Yeah, thanks everyone. It was a much needed break.
. - Illuminate/Agresti & Ghost Flower/Jaffe (scary/spooky) & Croak/Damico (scary/funny) - can't choose just 1!
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone to...
Oh man, 's latest podcast opens with the scrapped prototype to their Factory Showroom song, "Spiraling Shape!" This song is so good.
Things happen for a reason.
Hopefully going shopping this weekend.
Hope friends and colleagues in DC can enjoy the beauty of the snow w/out 2 much frustration; 3 inches closed down the city when I was a kid.
Damn this momentum is crazy!!! Dont stop get it get it let's go!!! Working on the fly on the way to Vegas
You do both, of course! RT So...do I drink some cervesa or get a free comic book?
I think every1 under estimated the Yotes
your face
I like wieners.
mea culpa. I considred the UK part of Europe. Didn't mean to step on toes. I just miss her.
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER!❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
i can be so mean sometimes, but whatever, if you're too nice people take advantage of you.
I feel ya
when the hell dont you! comon man put that shit away lol
I'm *such* a sucker for curated collections of finely made items, ala
"Joshua said unto them, Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage."~Joshua 10:25
Hiring for an embedded C++ Android developer to work in
not really, but ill be fine. Hopefully :/
The smell of your skin lingers on me now.
very nice
Terraphobia: The fear that the world is getting too small and it's time to get off.
Hi There! How's your day going so far?
women are like basketballs.. if you catch them on the rebound. it's alot easier to slam them.. hah
GOSH MAKE UP YOUR MIND...JK.
The Rock got pretty intense didn't he? :x
Memphis Bleek rides out over this smooth joint produced by Knoxx...
What a long night of cleaning out the garage. So many good things of mine had to go
What would happen if nothin happened for just one day?
working on a Arabian style beat!!!!
We saw Hugo tonight on DVD. Long and drawn out. To dramatic for my taste.
my hand writing is freakin beautiful ......
in business for 10 years and still make "rookie" mistakes sometimes.
On the day after my winter break from school a friend not saying who and I are saying something that was ment to be said a long time ago!
not even! My playlists is on point right now! Lmao
Thank God for another day.
no doubnt bra, just chillin, takin a break from a long day ya dig
Bored bout to entertain myself
just #yolo it woman
hey guy
(continued) that stinks :( At least they may have gotten ur letters :)
Thanks for #FF!
I'm working on a couple of projects; mobile-device-friendly webpages and an online image workshop addressing summer image
THAT makes sense. Thank you!!! :)
"It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else." -Erma Bombeck via
Ahaha mee too!! You cant beat a good bargain! :D
no plans except dinner!!!!!
Ask me how many fucks I give ^_^
Off to meet up with Jed Carlson - Co-Founder of - Find out when he took his pants off!
sure(: thank you.(:
RT“: i'm following the first 100 people to follow :) RT this if you followed”
Join #engchat right now if you need grammar lesson ideas
Not the Wii contollerzz !!!!!
follow back nigga
We've got some nice Roberto Bolaño books at the store! Do yourself a favor and get your copies.
Keep focused & keep it moving
hahah ok, i'll take your word for it!
The Master regenerated as a newspaper man?
I missed the Genesis Awards! Anyone know when they will replay it? On the Animal Planet?
U Ready? RT R
Okay I know the sound of the rain is normally relaxing and helps me fall asleep but tonight that shit aint working. Stupid loud water drops
April Fools shenanigans with the crew!
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 7
If you find that I'm m.i.a. In the next couple weeks, just assume I won the $640 million and I'm traveling in Europe for a while.
. left here for work ~10 hours ago and it still smells like beautiful woman.
"I don't want to keep any of it. Anything of importance, I took with me the day I moved out." - "Beautifully Bound Failures" by
I'm bout to go to my car at ingles I'm in east side right now.
I want BALLS in my FACE. There as few movies I am still entertained with by the thirtieth time I see them.
Good Morning (: can you please follow me? It'll make my day .c: I love you 
Want to go back to Kindergarten, you had a nap time, only fights were over crayons, and the only drama was if Jimmy really ate glue or not.
Looking forward to the Kohmen Race for the Cure this weekend in Des Moines...I hope the weather is ok.
i'm sorry.
All of these lil buddies
u.u i been so busy,but i promise that i come back soon! :) g night to all!
We truly believe justice for Trayvon is the first step to justice for all of us!
Peace to you and as well! Thx 4 following
I can't wait to get a car, just so I can get out of this hell hole.
Yes! Love you guys!!!! RT : Just wait till you see us!
#NP Wish I Stayed By Ellie Goulding... my favorite song from ellie
Thanks for the FF!!!
lmfao! CEO! The sister you met has NO kids! But I'll tell the other two! 😉😂😂😂
Keep it trilla.
WHY, Johnny Handsome Of Course!!! BOL
Degrassi was awesome tonight :)
I have had just about enough of your jip. Pipe down and hush your gums. Go fight something and be uselfull with your life
Everything felt like it was going so fast at a certain point. I had to rewind to watch the Klaus-related stuff again.
Daughtry, "Over You"
Yup. And if one is not sure if it's appropriate, the violinist waving his hand in a "shushing" motion should be the first clue.
Vulcans are a deeply spiritual people. :)
Thanks. What time are you thinking?
I'm under contract with mike
what u get, u can tell us!!! XOXO
I got a shit load of belly button rings for 20 bucks. They're so fucking cute. Anybody know where I can get a sparrow?
Just got the word on Donald "Duck" Dunn's passing. Don was an original-a great teacher, friend, player, performer and person. RIP my friend.
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano all I know is I love you too much to walk away though.
Didn't mean it as a shot at Walter.
Good morning! Good morning! Nothing to do, it's up to youI've got noting to say but it's O.K.
how beautiful! Where did you go?
WHAT?!? Where were you
Upgraded the page to the new FB format :)
Spoke to soon
Wake n Brew -_____- (Wake up and make Coffee like a BOSS)
I use Picasa, Google desktop photo organization/editing.
you are going to have soo much fun at rodeo. #sojealous have a BLAST!
Bumping to my new CD waiting for Damon. He can take all the time he wants, I could listen to this shit all day
AMEN! Hey, we need to catch up! How u doing?
just created a pain for social media experts. If a yardstick changes its length, how can it keep its authority as a measuring stick?
Come on Giants Defense stand up!!!
So the claim is that an omniscient monopolist is as efficient as a competitive market? Pretty sure Comcast isn't omniscient
I'm emailing the before pics to him then destroying the evidence. lol Weeds looking like trees for days!
will be having its next PREPUMP ALERT get ready this is one you wont wanna miss!!!
David Foster Wallace is a brilliant and boring writer, maybe intentionally. I can't find my way through Infinite Jest, but I see genius.
thanks for the follow much appreciated!
Skip Bayless is such a douche
Come watch the Blackhawks beat the Coyotes in Game 6 @ 8pm tonight. We'll have the sound on & $5 grey goose cocktails & $10 sangria pitchers
"I wasn't THAT drunk." ... "Dude, you took my parakeet, threw it at my piggy bank and yelled ANGRY BIRDS!"
Anyone go to TMT last night? How was it?
Back down to LA to hopefully secure a position on a feature. Also researching solutions for using iPads as wireless monitors.
you're blind
Locksmiths can cut to the code given when supplying a lost key or making a new restricted key copy.
I can't wait to swim in the ocean again
Lol Cause I Wanna Know
Ok #CelebrityApprentice seems kinda sexist because first the 2 women got fired and then when they bring celebs back it's only 4 women. Hmm
I already had your number :)
good did it hurt?! Hahaha
Weeks!!! I was on bed rest in the hospital starting my 26th week!!!
I wish Shumpert a speedy recovery.
absolutley i hope they sweep them...prob unlikely but if we can & get some rest....that would b perfect!
spready macc please go away now. i don't play in the mud
today in 1955...1st franchised McDonald’s opened in Des Plaines, Illinois, by Ray Kroc. a burger was 15 cents and fries were 10 cents!
# follow now NEED BEATZ ? WE GOT U FOR THE LOW ,,NEED HOOKS / DROPS / WATEVER ...
Was trying to figure out how to store values for a bar chart in a for loop so they could be printed upon exiting the loop. Can't use arrays
When you cry yourself to sleep<<<<<
stay out of my town
Xmas Tweets: Mom just won the argument. The stuffed Sully from Monsters Inc will go in the closet.
Oops I read that wrong, my apologies.
Investment types: any indication how quickly broad based index funds will be taking a stake in Facebook?
yes very true
Very excited for Market Week at the showroom!
I got a really bad sunburn in North Carolina once...
Planted my first edible type plant yesterday, raspberries! I can't wait until they have fruit! cc:
its at 7 and at the hotel by naaman
RT : Yous a big fine woman, won't you back dat thang up?
If a reincarnated person has no memory of her past life, then in what sense is she the same person?
ahh I know how that feels. but that's the perks of wearing a uniform I suppose haha xD
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns
Thanks for following me
Thanks Newman
great 2 have u following. We'd love 2 get u involved at Ted e Bear Hollow.
Not really feeling this Chobani Strawberry Banana yogurt. Going to continue to stick with Yoplait!!!
answers: 15 of Wired posts sparked by Twitter. Replaced ProfNet/HARO. Put Qs on Twitter and get expert As.
Happy Holidays!
We just hit someone
... is this rain for real right now?
So glad you like it! RT I don't know you but this is one fantastic image.
I can't wait to be with tomorrow. She is my favorite girlfriend. Well she's tied with but I love them bot 
Ha! I actually gave up cursive writing a few years ago. My writing looks like a primary schooler's, but it is legible!
Ran out of books, so I bought another: 'State of Wonder.'
Thanks so much for our chat! You are idea fuel, for sure, CA!
what a great start to
Stop by the UW-Madison Day set up at , pick up a coupon for a FREE hat at our stand located inside the Expo Center-TODAY ONLY!
If you talk about next year, devils will laugh at you. 来年のことを言えば鬼が笑う
Thanks so much for the RT Andrew
Crazy how you develop feelings for a person.
Are you a college student that would like to contribute to the #youngsocialite team? Let us know!!!
lol. so you know next time to not mess with his food. lmao
Aww is so sweet, it's nearly 3 in the morning and she's up giving me advice!
Coming Up in about 10 minutes> Betty White's "Off Their Rockers". On NBC, Tune In !!!
on bus to bannanna creek viewing area all looks good for launch
": wet pussy, with no smell, a mothafucka."
The sky was clear and displayed its stars majestically like millions of diamonds sparkling against a black velvet drop cloth.
haha yes! I was poking fun at you:)
Dont Talk About It Be About It ,Let Me See
RT : I'd like to see a #zombie movie where they eat brains and shortly after contract horrible #prion diseases. - Agreed!
It's all a matter of opinion! I don't personally like them, and they don't impress me. But by all means, like em. (:
Have you ever seen #joyluckclub? Watching it again... and this joint is crazy!
You must never give your heart to a wild thing.
I'm good like that. (: lololol, nah your icon. nobody else has that icon that's how I know.
Someone come over tonight
You love to hate the one who loves to hate the one you love
finally got the go-ahead for a seven-session comedy series workshop: Ricky Gervais, Mike Leigh, Tina Fey scripts next to new Atlanta work.
Lessons of mobile site design - ironically, sites designed in the 90s are more mobile optimized than sites designed now
I can't think of a better use for a FunNoodle.
don't you dare! Lol Kelly won't be very happy besides that's his way of showing you love 
Student speaks to the BOS in Spanish and also states that Spanish is important for your job in the future.
will we have exclusivity again? 📱
watching online & being inundated by crazy Americans For Prosperity ads. not your target audience, but keep wasting your $.
Overworked? Capps (4 days rest) Burton (2 days rest). Haven't had leads. He's Scott Diamond not Nolan Ryan!
Looks like it will be up to the Badgers to save face for the Big Ten.
#WhenImBored I keep reloading my timeline
that is awesome~
Oh me? Mayweather.
how's your toe?
We create nonsense in order to make sense.
I have come to the realization , i DO pull of androgyny , and I couldn't be happier.!
#MyCostume for halloween will be spooky one
baby, are you online? x
I'm responsible for only what say.As for how you understand my words is beyond my responsibility.
If you don't like an exercise, start doing it. You're probably avoiding it because you're weak at it.
My kitty has a fractured tail. :(
CASTING! Know a couple that are in a bad relationship? Do they need a love intervention? Email at
I past my final exam
Will be performing with the MidCoast Swing Orchestra at the Indianapolis Jazz Kitchen on Tuesday Night!
It's on my "bucket list" to take my boys there! ;)
Klay Oven Kitchen will be opening soon! We can’t wait for the wonderful aromas of India to fill the
1password. Hands down.
So the person sitting next to me on the bus smells like chicken.
Contest Time: Give us a score and outcome of the Wisconsin game today and you could win a car decal!
if you forgot dont worry ill post it on facebook so you can see it
It's Friday;)
Gets to play poker tonight, yay me!!!!
Thanks so much.My long locks are not always popular for all...:) Have a great weekend
Rise & Shine; Good Morning
Can turn off Gary's mic for every non football topic? Drew Gooden hasn't made any team he's played for better.
thanks for blog mention!
my dad met a guy who owns a trophy making company in India. They make the NFC and AFC champion trophies as well for the NFL
Well, I now have not one but TWO articles under review. Fingers double-crossed!
Exactly seven days from this moment to Gator kickoff 2010 and the beginning of the John Brantley era.
Two auditions down & two more to go! Busy Monday! 👍
Lee: Neither did we. Thanks brother!
We just call it summer vacation:) Omg. I would die if I got out in July! LOL That seems so long. Well I started school at the
i want to just live for a living
this boy that I went out with
Ik exactly how to handle me!
since when are Truck Driver and Surgery Trauma Physicians the same as art director jobs?
If you know someone is already taken, respect their relationship. Don’t be the reason why they end up single.
's stripper boots <3333333
Gonna go see Breaking Dawn at 9:50 leggo
We still have tickets for sale for our show on the 21st with Hurt! If you need tickets, let us know, we'll deliver! (within reason)
Give and it will be given to you.
HElp me get 50 ! followers on tumblr
Thanks for the RT!
wouldn't have it any other way.
I called you, hoping you would care about my day. But you just care about looking for more wrong things....
that is cool. Ive only been in the new venue once but it might have been one of the best venues I've ever been in.
I'm not attractive & I'm lame :P
I doubled as Chuckles the clown for Halloween one year, I can also juggle. Let me know
hahaha im mentally unstable
She don't believe in shooting star but she believe in shoes and cars.
I am so missing my baby!!!! Sure hope she is having a great day!!
much appreciated!
what are you doing up?
Drinking a Port Wipeout IPA as I type!
you lied to me!!! The One Thing video doesn't come out for three more days! :( You better be glad I love you. :) lol.
RT : In B'ham right now, there is a debate going on about whether democracy is a good thing. Elected representatives are saying no.
Damn! So wanted to submit for a "midget wrestler" role just now! Cursed ethics.
ah, but what about saying it and not hearing it back?
Stop loosing leads, appts, bookings, customers, revenue! Let customers text your business instead - text me to learn more: 916-420-6020
Good workouts this evening..between our 3 locations today we had over 96 players in the gym. Good is NOT good enough! And they realize it!
your test worked
Don't try to be serious at my second job. Please. It's not becoming of you.
I'm just sorry 'Vengeance for Beginners' wasn't available when I was an undergrad at TCD...
deep breath
Ha, with wit like that, I'm still waiting for you to write a humor article for The DA
New York Times Reviews MTV2&#39;s &quot;Hip Hop Squares&quot; [VIDEO]
I need a drink after work After work who's with me
Flux capacitor...fluxing.
Happy 2yr anniversary with baebae!! I love him so much!!:)
barcode one gone already can decipher the fez one I mean I did but not working
Google wallet?
Happy Christmas Eve!
Weekly Special!!! Tell us you found us on Twitter and receive 20% of your rate for the evening!!
Nothing wrong with that! Always great to learn more about our history.
Off to an awesome start here for our second game: Steel Hurtin' 53, 9 with 18 min left to go in first half. YINZ!!!
All the best to your grandfather!
HA! Oh man, that sounds like fun
Another screening is scheduled for Digifest April 20th at 7pm. More info to come.
looking forward to the next show! Not well loves you and so do I!!
I have just pinpointed the exact moment in which a deal becomes a steal.
“Let the Good Times Roll”: A Ray Charles Tribute comes to The Hillman in 3 more days. Don’t miss Roger Humphries, Ray’s former drummer.
Without doubt, my mother. She taught to love books, to study, and to reach for the stars.
I thought this only happens in the movies
dont you like when your in a good mode then someone just kill it
Along Came Polly :)
I really want to try that cookie crumble frapp from Starbucks.
Weird seeing dudes drafted in the nfl that I went up against some yrs ago in HS.
thank you.
Set up my parents' Wii. Now to upload months-old pics from their camera.
#IfICouldGetAwayWithIt I wouldn't hesitate for a portion of a split second.
I agree, really depends on the judges mood and personality, i think
MIKEY I KNOW YOU WILL PROBABLY NEVER SEE THIS BUT PLEASE FOLLOW IT WOULD MAKE HER LIFE! <3
Thanks Jason! Just taking an amazing opportunity and making the best of it. Trying to be a good influence to younger drivers
Disappointed the The Hunger Games isn't a show on Food Network where Paula Dean throws butter at people
today, me: "how's it going?" them: "good morning!" me: "good." LOL
I'm getting ready to dj @ Yotel's Club Terrace tonight in honor of an old living legend ! I'm not worthy!!!!!
on diet as of now.
Hi! It was nice to meet you too! See you next Saturday??
What is your New Years Resolution? Leave us a comment and let us know what it is!
Register Today we set draft soon!
Haha! I'm sorry. But thank you for bringing back that deliciousness.
It's happening now All White Party at Capris Lounge 1880 N Congress at Gateway. Grown folks doing it big!
Inter won the treble in 2010, currently 16th after 8 games, up against Juventus who are dun dun dun 1st... how the times have changed
Is loving the run production by
try right clicking on the desktop, clicking on the menu for your video card (maybe Nvidia) and look for a rotate option.
Going to be on the road 16 of the next 21 days
Did you see the Lowriders on FOX5's Throttle Thursday show? You can see them all weekend at the Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo!...
I have a stye in my eye, makes me look Asian (The other kind) o_-
we'll be happy to help. Please provide your location, time and direction that you want to travel.
Please don't tell my kids! RT : Wow. “: 15% of kids under 11 have mobile phones
it doesn't rhyme with "romney" or "mitt". People like derogatory names that rhyme. It won't stick.
Thanks for the follow back :)
Yay! And my mommy is going to pay for your ticket to my show. :)
Maybe not!
outreach team: dropping off a laptop at the storehouse
Yeh i think he deleted me now i do not know my email says it does not exist o it wont work i needed to make a new 1
#YourSexIsWEAK If she don't need her hair done again...
I wish you could also but are seats are pretty high up. And we cannot change our seats
RT : Looking good, modeling some of the handbags that were featured on The Morning Blend earlier!...
Booked my first trip through and just got the hotel confirmation. Excited!
Only have one life to live... Not going to spend it by being taken for granted..
follow me on instagram
Never assume that someone likes you by their sweetness. Sometimes you're just an option when they're bored :/
"The surest route to breeding jealousy is to compare. Since jealousy comes from feeling less than another, comparisons only fan the fires."
Wise man. RT : Somebody told me "you're either the passenger or the pilot" - um, I'll go with Air Traffic Control. Thank you.
The Rock starred in a new trailer Journey 2: The Mysterious Island, translated into Russian film called Journey 2: The Mysterious Island
Jason Wu collection sold out fast!!
I don't understand how Madison can see my tweets but Bailey doesnt......
Begrudgingly went to the gym today to work off everything I'm about to eat and drink!
true. But other than that
No i dont' LOVE Justin Bieber, i havent even met him, i do love what he stands for
unless you been with every dude on the planet , you CANNOT say all dudes are the same , cause that shit ain't true.
Day 100 of 100: (Yee-haa!!) I am SO thankful for finishing this assignment that I gave to myself. Thanks you guys too, for bearing with me:)
*snaps neck* SHE RATCHET
ugh long day at work!
Bradshaw: telling of his happy amazement learning about how humanists work, what they want to do with data and tech.
yep I'm a BX chick-love my neighborhood
;) now and forever!
I'm hoping I'll wake up soon
Big Quakes Pacific Rim Countries in Indian Ocean-- 8.6, aftershock 8.2. Tsunami worries continue.
Heading to the #Pens game w/ my brother
Yes, that's me playing 's 'Eye's Open' on LA's #1 country station You like it??
Co-sign. RT that Sendak obit is probably my favorite I've ever read from them. so great.
haters gonn' hate
sure did! I even got to nap. Lol
Happy Homecoming Spelhouse family!
When did non-Apple and Window's users start acting like they are the socially responsible contrarians.
Happy to talk about using DALN blog to talk up your plagiarism stories project. This is actually (5 seats to left!)
Dawning of a new era! Maybe things will turn around when I get out there, too.
Needs to catch up with him.
Haha yes! We ran out of everything every weekend. Poor planning. Not when I was in charge, of course :)
my mom taped it I can record and send to you.
I meant possible to make safely at home. Not safe to make safely. I'm a writer.
Didn't get to see my Ma today.
Well genuine people are hard to find in many places. Not just there in Orlando.
why is #bustybabswindsor making that dolphin noise in the jackpot joy advert?
The team wouldn't be able to IMAGINE how many people we look up to. That list would go across the states - Zaona
. She chews off her mom's breast first - #1 reason not to have cannibal babies.
oh. has discovered facebook video chat. life just got real.
I get to thinking about fate. That crazy concept that we're not really responsible for the course our lives take.
Got a non-paywall link? I'd love to read it.
Can't wait for the weekend to start.
Yeah! We survived the REALLY strong wind...not as windy today! :-)
thanks - that does help; checking with my wife
crazy, I hear they are tough animals
#ThingsAboutMe I defend both of my nationalities
Thanks--looks good.
Mardi Gras was Tuesday, although some of us are still recovering!
Super excited for a lunch meeting I have today!
Fortune favors the brave.
Thank you! :)
no..... I'm pretty sure your just crazy....
Navy should trend #GetWellRihanna!
:) RT Alright, and I are responsible for selecting tonight's #AskATwin questions for Gardy. Hoping for some good ones!
Oh hey Paul Pierce!
Cant think of anymore
love the new name!!! how's the jetlag???
Thanks dahlin! I'm DYING over your new profile pic!
Be a happier person this week: (1) Call your family, (2) sit down & say hello to someone, (3) have people over to visit.
Online shopping with my mother!
Class prep & #grading under control for the moment -- now must whip into dervish mode to get place ready for MIL's arrival next week.
Savage Garden needs to reunite
1950 I believe. The picture I just sent you was taken on Main St. Just outside Olvera St. In 1950. I have a VHS of the film of
Beautiful day beautiful ppl... Today iz a good day :)
You're willing to cut the right agent a bigger percentage.
go to school fruit ;)
Guitar and keyboard tracking today... and plans begin on something special
I'm getting old haha
Amazing service tonight with Chip Lusko at
Good thing that history outline only took me an hour
Just finished a walk around The Pearl in Doha with … now heading for a final farewell dinner w/ and !
Dude jealous!! RT : Did anyone catch that Fatman Scoop acoustic set at the fort? BEST SHOW OF
Sorry you're missing the swap! Have you read any books by Tana French? She's great!
Have you seen our app? Would love to get your opinion! -Jack (founder)
Another new database for students! WISERTRADE has extensive U.S. & world trade statistics, including EU, Canada, China, etc.
Just like the railroad failures of the 19th century "great corporate failures still produce immense individual rewards."
Danny Garcia walks out to Nice.
Wtf. Why am I still awake?
is in Bloomington Indiana for roller derby instead of punk rock. Weird!
RT : sad trombone in response to the Vogue suggestion was perfect.
“: I'm really FRUSTRATED” why r u frustrated love?
Justin wrote a song for Pattie to raise money for charity. Now tell me that he doesnt care?! Justin Is The Best Son And Idol.
thank you!
Almost half the households of PR receive food assistance says Collado-Schwarz
how'd we cross paths?
that's easy to say when you're the president ;)
*listens, not saying anything, rubs 's back*
Fine then, I don't care anymore lol I'm done
Viewing Google source code, appears there is no HTML. Only compressed obfuscated script with iframes for asynchronous dynamic communication.
YES I AM ON TWITTER NOW!!!
I will be singing at the Fairmont Pittsburgh this Friday 8-12midnight. Will we see you? Hope so.
i don't now , you know Turkey channel ? RT And Tweet ;)
I can't wait till "Boyfriend" comes out ......March 26 better get here fast
Also, doing my part to help the economy! I don't feel complete if I don't make at least one wild rationalization a day.
…and to not voice my opinions about the games they force you to play.
And I got a new shower curtain
Well tell me woman!!!
lol im new to twitter me n my sis wendy r competeing for the most followers but shes winnin follow jacky n wendy pleaze:)
"why don't you go back out with him" "he cheated on me" "po-tat-o, po-tot-o" lmfao
RT: "There are no rules in filmmaking. Only sins. And the cardinal sin is dullness." Frank Capra via
That's a shocker. RT RT : BREAKING: Dominique Strauss-Kahn resigns as International Monetary Fund chief. -MM
You mock, but when I hear you died from a spider attack, I will have the last laugh.. :)
***ATTENTION*** Desperate man lookin for a quick cut/lining... My barber playin me right now... Suggestions anyone?
Terrible grammar in last tweet but that's what O's frustration does to me brain is fried.
In 2010 , others stayed in Mende post-stage 12. Stage 13 start 110K away in Rodez. But Boulder doesn't have enough rooms.
The most valuable of all talents is that of never using two words when one will do. ~Thomas Jefferson
when your in a relationship "you" becomes us, "I" becomes We , && "they" become haters . ♥
~ They should have named the HC the Bob Hope Humana Challenge. How dare they drop Bob's name!!!
What are the limits of acceptability? If someone is murdered and tortured, but not raped, can I make those jokes?
on point. Similar in PH imo, who I heard you had a great discussion with. Where can I hear that if you don't mind?
Gridlock alert Monday: "Obama spends all day in NYC tomorrow: Barnard commencement, "The View" taping and two campaign fundraisers"
did you run into the Fresh Prince?
Hey #Boston, come one come all to join at 9pm for a Game Watch as the Huskies beat Iowa St.
do you think commentary about negative portrayals of children the media?
New assistant professor on the demands on his time: 40% teaching, 40% research, 40% service.
...it's not the first time I've shirked a social responsibility. And not the last either.
thank you! :)
:/ I'm trying to learn how to play that on my guitar
Thanks for the RT's!
How many wins do you predict for the IU men's basketball team this season? How about the Butler basketball team?
Indiana messed with the bull and got the horns. Really tough to beat UK regardless, but I wouldn't play at that pace without equal talent
#Derby or #CincodeMayo ? How will you define your Saturday #DC?
Heck yes!
What is Andrea's name on twitter have searched for her but can not find her
Thanks for the follow! Love your guys' music and sound.
Do you believe I live by Crystal lake? There is no camp at this one though.
In the M300, totes riding back towards
Ready to watch Kansas get smacked
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
do mine? Haahah
My u verse keep acting up
#DAMN out here looking like a young Ron Jeremy with the killer stash..#WTH the stash needs its own column
Alex is stupid lmao
I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN MORE TO YOU DEN I SHOULD HAVE
Is everyone having a lovely sunday? After our bjj open mat was a roaring success #combatcompany huge thanks to benny sootho and
For those who dont know the "Yung" in my name is pronounced Young ,lol
Really good turnout at the Horseshoe Hammond for the monthly $500, around 300 with a lot of freerollers
Three hour coding binge get it!
ahhaha i hey i need to tell u some thing
Thank you so much for the RT of the locations.We truly appreciate all the support we can get.May God bless you all!!!!
lucky but soon me you and will all be friends you'll see very soon
ooh, do you all know each other?
Drummer's surgery is Wednesday, send beer and whiskey.
Yes. we are working on additional functionality. Search, Messaging, etc. Should start rolling out very soon.
precisely the point!
-- no I'm not the REAL , we have same amazing talent though ;D
#PEACEFULFUL PROJECT #NETWORKING IN ACTION
i'm following because she and rule.
Hey, congratulations! Well deserved!
Happy mother's day, Mom = )
80 cappers posted so far and count is KY 34-19 with a few more possible by game time
Love the new song "That Wasn't Me" by ! So good!
cool have fun up there
she had me nervous for no damn reason....
lol but its a lot more work in high school...i was a little surprised at how different it was
omg yes! My two faves, passion roll and mango combined!
That suny life dawg RT : Finals got my days all fucked up..feels like a weekday 😞
Escape the fate or three days grace?
Not tired
I think I started getting ready a bit too late time to speed things up😁
i do not like you
lol she didn't do anything.. maybe its you. Just maybe.
baby don't be so shy(;
No no no! You slow cook it in a cast iron skillet. This deep frying everything shit has got to GO!
...maybe i'll find the right guy someday. just not today. probably not tomorrow either.
Visit us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/allerent today!
Cool!! Thanks for the tip!
head shoulders knees and toes, knees and toes, knees and toes
Awesome gaming site - a lot of great info.
Glad my happy birthday tweet to never sent & has been in my drafts all day:( hope your bday was FAB!! Love you beebs!
Really people r to fucking pussys to say shit to ppls faces instead they hide behind texts
RT no work tmw. WTF to do tonight >stay in and chill out drink something
#thingsineedtostopdoing eating popcorn in bed
I love you Troy G.I fell in love with Montgomery Gentry when I was watching the video something to be proud of.(: so good!:))
Bumping in my 2012 New Whip..Ya this feels Good!
YOU ARE SO RIGHT!
i think i have yet to hear of a report where an electronic device caused a plane to even come close to crashing
Life is a brilliant big canvas, and you ought to throw all the paint on it you can.
The 4-year-old really enjoys playmates. At this stage the toddler will begin to play cooperatively with others.
wish I had time for NaNoWriMo but November is the work month from hell :-(
I have a Shih-Tzu his name is Charlie and mine is so smart. Yours is still a puppy you can teach it all kinds of stuff still.
What are you doing for Earth Day? OB Denver will be in Boulder with celebrating and leading a hike!!
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Goodmorning! Thanks for following us :) We look forward to serving all your Coffee and Tea needs! Have an Awesome Day!
so far so good. We've made some good connects, so things should be fine.
So exciting! Congrats!
sweet costume kornstein!
she is to ugly to be all up on him like that. He can do better than that for sure. Wow that was just a bitter moment in my life.
Im at the library, whats a good book to get ?
oh it does buddy. Just be careful because it's right next door to knock-em-up alley. Don't turn too soon;-)
Marketing our staged reading. Lots of work. No time to work on craft. Off to stock nuts and fruit!
Headed to boys lacrosse, Round 2 today: Castle View-Monarch.
Whether you like tacos or pickles (or both), we've got you covered tonight
LAST DAY to submit your screenplay to the Steeltown Film Factory! Submit today at www.steeltownfilmfactory.org! See you in 2010!
So which team will the World Series postponment help?
Life is generous, and always offers second chances if you are willing to trust.
Cafe 300 has turkey panini's, cheddar broccoli soup and lentil soup for you to enjoy on this rainy day!
Having my office party yankee swap gift of a bottle of wine on my desk was a bad idea
no, you're not allowed to have a break. I forbid it.
can u please follow me
Because you see for me, I know you, but you don't know me 'cause you're just my unfound prince charming <3
um I'm in. Why don't you ever include me! God!
#DanceAudition tip: Ladies, pull your hair back. The auditors want to see your face. Bring hairspray and extra bobby pins!
Great day for a White Wedding, yeah!
you should move here then you could see them for yourself :D
I waved to you today and you ignored me.
11 days till my move!!!! bye bye yay area
Good question...does being with certain family members count?! ;)
Dennis just told me Sam Seaborn doesn't come back after Will Bailey takes his place for the SOTU. Full. On. Tears.
I would finish this tweet, but Kanye stole my keyboard
We utilize tweets 4 advertising our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
Late night at karl denson was prob my fav show so far, been watchin almost every show from backstage, amazingness!
Keep in mind that these aren't excuses and don't excuse the lie-if there was one
Someone needs to tell Petros Papadakis that guys over 200 lbs shouldn't be wearing cardigans.
The Dove chocolate I opened had a message that told me to "exercise my heart today." That's what ALL exercise does, fool.
Small earthquake just hit dc _ evacuating from 9th floor downtown
: I remember when i was your 40th follower!
more like 👳 with a beard or 🎅
Accept you?
Half of that sounds good! :) Drink American and Shine Responsibly!
Demolition Man for the sega genesis is the most underrated movie game ever
My 7 year old sister just asked me what the word "circumcision" means. how do I even explain that? #ouch?
when we hittin the tattoo shop fam??
This #celtics game is going great!! I love my team!!
i did my twitter, now what?
Good thing it's almost spring break 'cause I am burnt OUT.
Proud of you!!
Come on Irish! Let's finish this!
How to raise your metabolism? The dreaded word is EXERCISE. But what is exercise? In reality you are exercising whenever you are moving.
I need to get a helmet. Today it was just seeing how I like it, but I probably will before the end of the summer.
A flying poptart cat that meows in space and shits rainbows is awsome :D
aw, what a good photo! Hope you had fun! I'm praying you guys get to Chicago in one piece!
#UTBlackademics is getting ready to start - I'm hype lol
how does one "cut off their wrist?"
One of the nation's premier #publishers of tried & proven training & development materials,TAP offers high quality products at lowest cost
Was surprised to find out last September that my brother has not read any Harry Potter book. Guess what he is getting for Christmas . . .
More than 10 people a year are killed by vending machines...always knew those things were evil
just saw your easter egg/short on BLOOM, you should be very proud. Except the wardrobe, we are all apologizing for those choices:)
That's real
thank you!! Idk where I have been but there songs make me so happy, or the two that I have on my iPod anyways lol
if you ain't nervous then you'll pass it
Justin is 18 and his voice has never changed. What a sad story. :P
Bach sold used cars on the side.
Um Just wanted to say that your hot.. and that i would cuff even though you 6 years older than me lmaoo <3
Just made something really beautiful. Thank you , , , & for playing music w/ me!
nothing much remember u from da hood
This aria is almost connected together ... there is a light at the end of the tunnel ...
a commenter on the post said it's "rau ram" or Vietnamese Cilantro.
It's always going to be a man of faith vs a man of science.
I want some Cookies and Milk
I don't want to fight....
Admittedly I don't have much to say - but have been stuck at 99 followers for a month or so. Help a brother out.
I think I found a new truth..
my mama really had the nerve to blame me for the SHIT my siblings do...correction i never smoked weed OR skipped class in high school.
buy me one tonight :)
I say our starters don’t shake his hand
get it together!! ;)
Pedro homeruns and open mic. Great combo
Everyone, let's just leave Ashleigh Banfield alone.
Donate $200 or $2,000 to some worthy literacy related cause, or someone's favorite library.
Hanging out at the north ave bar crawl with a bunch of people and Jenna Avers, my scramble nemesis!
From what you say and do everyday, can people truly believe you love and care for others? Actions speaks louder than words.
i hear that. dont want to think about that either. im glad Jordan Hill is playing tonight too.
T-minus 8 minutes till my work day is over.
Congrats Meredith-nominee of 17th annual Woman Who Mean Business Award. We'll be cheering you on today-JIT is who it is because of you
Thanks for the feedback, glad you like it!
already!:D
RESEARCH PAPER DONE HOLY HELL THANKS GOD
Triple D'in
Shout out to for literally shooting a three in my face
Hello, GOP! The point of the election was to get to work on our country's problems NOW, not to get your a$$es re-elected in 2012!
Happy Easter Cody! When are you going to make it back out here again? Great job this weekend!
We're all taught to write exactly like everyone else. Harder for teachers to slap a grade on a unique style. Do your thing.
Lol!!! Derek Gordon has a fan
Astrology is a language of symbols and archetypes. If you look for concrete correlation with science, then you miss the whole point
Wrapping up at #CIL - we had such a great conference! Today only: all books at booth 430 are 50% off!
We're back at Hayes Valley every Saturday. 11:30-4pm. Octavia/Linden
Two designers fighting over a font. You KNOW this will come to blows.
dale :D
I wonder how many followers I can get by just mentioning stuff like: coca cola, iPhone, weight loss, hooters, mcdonalds, Microsoft, etc!
I did good(:
Texas would be more of an "embarrassment"
Can you change your party affiliation at the polls in NC? I am unaffilliated & i was afraid i could only vote on the amendment.
good! hope he plays.
Awww. Thanks, Margot. You picked a winner in Breaking and Entering. Loved it.
thanks for following me!
No way! Neat! We meet in cyberspace again! Lumpy!
researching twitter
#NF good music keep yp the good work fam
I know you stay by the krogers and I'm near by the krogers , can i come by, I dnt have to come in ....just get a hug o_0
Thanks for retweeting.
The weather is perfect in #Miami!!
and for uk haters like you and that is somehow the story of the game. Live a little.
Yes, I'm pretty sure they're set up over there.
Woo manhunt!
well all I know is that I don't have practice and that's all I care about! Lol
should have stayed
"... And that's why I don't like putting OFF switches on Apple devices." - Steve Jobs
I guess this is the end of the Pats-Colts rivalry..After all it was mostly Brady-Manning..
God, Plz give the Bain sisters, Alexandria and Kyliyah, strength as they go through the long process of healing that lies ahead!!
Elevate a little higher <3
: "Okay, this will be the last question, if only b/c we have lost the population of itinerant laborers that run this space."
Why is RG3 wearing a zoot suit?
Can't believe I'm missing the ScreenBurn party. And #sxsw in general.
RT : Oh shit! Other people can read what I type here?
- just me.
follow back please? :)
I wished they'd finished them off in the 3rd...but this is a lot of fun.
So i cant wait till i start my pastel drawing in 2D art
Alfisjbsan this guy gets plane tickets for free!!! Omfg Miami<33333(: I'm coming for you Austin...
Need some opinions, pls. Besides MinettaTavern (like, but was just there) whats the bar w/the best cocktails AND best burger. Downtown NYC.
In related news, I have never been to a concert by myself. Dance party of one.
Good morning Sunday, so bittersweet! Wish I could get the weekends to slow down, especially around the holidays
That's too bad she's one of my favorite actresses. Movies looks like cheesy fun, I'll see it but I won't run.
I love my ring tone it's an new boyz also vote 4 on MTV 4 artist of the year luv ya xD =] =)
from the time we get there till the time we leave. Never fails
What makes him dangerous is romney is a follower instead of a leader.Will always go with big money does know anything else.
RT RT featured in today's article giving the inside scoop and practical tips on commercial auditions http ...
Fuck u too jorge! I dont need u in my fucken life! Ugh I should have never went out with u! Fucken player </3
Good game,49ers
Guess if it ain't that serious to u, let's jus downplay it. LOL Not even worth no more tweets.
what's an eaglebrooker?
likewise dude!
never say never ; ) brandys speaking to me this morning.
Can't help it, #SNL will always be my favorite show. is genius!
RT“ Ain't nothing wrong with being single. It just means you're waiting for the right one.”
yea I don't really like doing laundry -.-
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 11
Gertrude Bell is one of my heroes! RT "Female Lawrence of Arabia" archaeologist biopic bit.ly/fVZTgk via Obsessed with Film
Lots of good ones, which lead to AWESOME ideas... take notes
follow me? (:
Your logo your name @ www.varsityjackets09.com
#cookie crisp
Dont worry ill catch that gernade for u, i dunno what the hell that is, but ill catch it, it better be no disease, lol
Also, please remember to wear your yellow shirts at the rally at the LAUSD headquarters tomorrow!
Music business can make a very big tycoon like P
#Badgera in position for win!
Late Auburn Chautauqua 2012 addition: October can't get here fast enough.
"though eBay sold other items of caricatures of Blackness, they were not interested in selling my conceptual Blackness."
is it Mikey again
thanks i will check those out!
It really wouldnt surprise me if Farve has a heart attack on the field....
follow the new star to help out #charity every follower counts! please!
What concerns me is your fine knowledge of Full House.
Just getting out of a great studio session. Good start to 2012.
I know that what everyone said
Thanks for recommending our products!
On possible Tim Tebow trade - nicely put by John Elway: "In my heart I know the Broncos fans are in love with the Denver Broncos."
Is Mr Potato Head to blame for 'pester power' ads? - BBC News
Cops broke up the 48 screening! Haha! Thanks everyone for coming, and great work :)
why don't you just give them some money
Tell me thats not the best finish ever to a high school game!
aww next time! and i wanna meet u too! =)
Sergio Marchionne tells that can now "afford" one bad car to be produced. Only one. #comeback leader.
next thing, we will be a bellwether state too
Redneck yacht club (;
so excited for the day. its gonna be fun.
Tweetage… hm…. sounds dirty. Enjoy your evening. ;-)
Can't wait to be there tonight.
Love this Jamie :) "don’t look for your job look for your calling!" via , partner at
it's now becoming a race to see which case the prosecution can self-destruct faster: this or the Clemens case. Sickening
Thanks for sharing. :)
yea but this time for good
just saw a outtake of 21 jump street the movie and they didn't ask u to be in it Is it going to be like the series ?
it's debatable...it may be the nicest day of the year
I don't know, Billy Wilder and Samuel Fuller were some pretty badass dudes.
how do you document in quickbooks? I realize it might not be a twitter answer...
Come in for $2 Tuesdays!! And don't forget live music tomorrow starting at 9pm
Out early again today, locked & loaded... with petitions. You can't outwork me in this campaign. House to house - to THE HOUSE.
this week went by so fast 😊
I think that every soul is eternal - whether its of a bird or a human.
Got to the end of that tweet, and really hoped it started out, "You know, ..."
I'm such a baker :)
follow b-zaack..!
Only tweets we send are approved by the user. (Account registration, Twitter List creation & sharing a profile). Hope that helps!
Oh i see now :o
I'm feeling so great today! I don't know if its this beautiful weather, or finding out my jobs givin me a bonus, or the #Adderall I snorted.
Madonna's still got it!
Bucs lose 2 of 3 games to Cards, get outscored 18-9 & outhomered 6-0 over the weekend but remain percentage points ahead in 1st place! Wow!
Capitol city
RT Great post : 89% hiring failures due to poor cultural fit. Problem stems from undefined+not reinforced~Thanks!
Bailey from RNG?
yes of course y wouldnt we tell u we love u!:)and ur awesome follow me plz
No sleep for me
JAMES! COME TO THE SHOW ON WEDNESDAY!
Offering some amazingly good summer deals for last minute brides (15% off!)! Socialconstructevents.com for contact info. Happy Monday!
RT Walt Disney was once fired by a newspaper editor for "lack of creativity."
Blaring The Replacements, cruising down rt 2, windows down. Perfect! Thanks
Really seriously digging britney's new video Criminal.. I keep singing it over and over again :)
Want something cool & refreshing? Try our Red & Yellow Watermelon Salad with Orange Supremes, Toasted Pistachios & Basil Mint Vinaigrette!
email me a pic
well it's fight week! I'm pretty big into ufc so I'm all about this bones jones-Evans fight on sat. Bout it, lady.
good article. this is a constant top-of-mind issue for twitter pms. solution is not that simple, but we can do a lot better.
welcome, welcome!
Well goodnight. I swear to wish this day never even exsised I hate yuh -_-
Thanks man much appreciated. I always enjoy the mEEt ups.
I miss my nieces :/
U mess up my whole schedule Jules ! LMAO
Are free range meatballs hard to catch? LOL
Please email us at if you have an affiliate scheme that you would like to recommend
my boobies have been itchy lately lol
The geometric sublime was contrasted against what other sublime?
5 days off!!
Golfed a 93 today! Relaxing now with champagne, bourbon, and family. HNY!
Thad, that's not gonna work for me.
I'll stop by on some Wednesday in the future and we can discuss further.
Let's hope McDonald's step today is the first of many, many steps.
We at MVP would like thank everyone for all the support driving business to the Las Vegas economy keep checking back for more updates
watching the match again?
Love meh love meh say that u love me
I want to move to Florida.
Awesome! Thank you so much. Folow and befriend us on all our other sites if you haven't yet:)
Wow. Michael Jordan will interview Patrick Ewing for the head coaching vacancy.
haha thanks<3 exactly exactly I don't know who she or he&i did nothing at all!So yes I don't need her opinion!
Brodie sent me over
Cant wait for Ghost Adventures and Paranormal Challenge :D SWEET!
so, uhm wanna take us innocent girls to drake? 😘
Join us tonight as Roger Rumba celebrates his 22nd birthday! (Yeah, I know it's a lie, but he signs the checks.)
Gettin' my groove back
yes!! it's so god!
I hope Katherine is okay! I got a phone call during her dance so I didn't see it.
Going to the vet today for a followup visit. I feel GREAT! Woof!
oh - you are wtop. There was a story saying that the text of all of the speeches are available online now. Do you know the url?
not all ways true i am a marine there is a zero tollorance policy but if they want to keep you they will seen it many time
up early for meetings with the dean and the head of our department.
Vote for my funny friend! RT "Dumbass Comments" is currently featured on the front page of funnyordie.com Vote Funny!
wack :c we can talk on here. or on tumblr ,tumblr buddy (:
my step mom is a cunt sometimes "Stop losing weight your face is sunken in and you look gross" lolk love you too.
Prostitutes are way better than marriage. Why buy a whole cow, when you only want a glass of milk?
Tune in to at 7:15. and I are talking about the newest council committee: Economic Development and Strategies
My nephew is great at naming things. He named the little bottom feeder fish Mug and Motor. The snail, Roots. The goldfish Mabel Steve & Soda
"Success is my only mother fuckin' option; failure's not."
i have be wakein up to love
Badger hockey fans—recruit Grant Besse (He of the 5 goal performance in the MN state title game) is now on Twitter:
Spending half an hour trying to open a can of soup
time to roll down the hill to the "feast". Hard choices. Gelato or cannoli? Uphill may not be pretty.
Usually u plan your class before class starts and not when class a has begun
#ucda johanna says don't just accept things as they are, figure out how they should be
Wishing you best of luck with #burnnotice! See you on #Thursday!
Ok lol .... Have a good day!RT nope
Yes! We can go gluten free at Cafe Japengo! (Or have your pick of healthy options!) DM me with dates that work for you.
Hi Kaira! Thanks so much for the retweet. Very much appreciated. :)
Strickler Knob hike + dinner at Peter Chang's + chocolate cake and lovely conversation w/ friends = one perfect, blissful day.
Whoever put that fake picture of big time rush last season. Thanks for a heart attack and crying excessively
#TheWorstFeeling When You Feel like You're Not Good Enough..
oh like whoo?! :P
its gorgeous out -- enjoy and take lots of pics. :)
Having nicki minaj on a track is the new autotune
hey - how many of your students would you estimate are currently high? IF you say less than 50% I'm calling BS y'all
Looks like you've got good Beckham instincts
that's not our conversation.. Awk
I wanna play some soccer already damnit! Arrrrrg
what's this about a boehner reach around?
hugs & kisses xoxo
I had an amazing week thank you tyrese and John hope Bryant for all of the amazing things you both said to me and thanks to Susan g komen
Dusty is aggravated
Thanks for following me!!
He loves his hookers I guess! ha
up early getting ready for this graduation!!
And then I had another random dream that involved people I havent seen since the 2nd grade lol
But were you buying -- or just kicking the tires, so to speak?
In an interesting twist, Descoings was French as was Francois Mitterand who was once president of the country.
Now, that's what I'm talking about.. It's all about positive thinking and anticipating what's ahead. Opportunities abound!
C U there! RT : Yeah, Southern Comfort 4 everyone!!:P
Sure, Carroll had no idea what was going on - pure coincidence he left before the Fit hit the San.......
oh lucky im about to go to work in a while -.-
I will be putting it out there
“Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.” Benjamin Franklin -
did you know ytour youtube account was killed :(
Said I've been needin you Wantin you Wonderin if you're the same and Who's been with you Is your heart still mine ?
yea that may be
e_o won't even say anything I'm just going to walk away.
Happy Friday all! I hope that you all thoroughly enjoy your Easter weekend!
Being a PWA guest blog editor reduces the risk of cancer and mean-person syndrome. Sign on today! It's what all the cool writers are doing.
#20ThingsAboutMe ; I try my best to text a couple people every morning to tell them they're beautiful.
RT : My heart aches. Christina Taylor Green (9) was taken 2 event, was just elected 2 Student Council, was interested in Politics
" He called his style the “iceberg theory,” and I would agree that in his writing there is a lot going on under that apparently spartan sur…
Sound check!... Concert tonight gon be live yaw!...L's Up!
*raises hand jumps up and down* Yes!
CODY WILL YOU TWEET ME SINCE I WILL BE MISSING YOUR SHOW TONIGHT? IM SO CLOSE TO ATLANTA BUT SO FAR AWAY! 143
Phew these last two days have been. Hm weird to say the least. I have figured out I'm extremely happy I don't go to CCHS anymore lol.
Catching up on "celebrity apprentice"
I once slashed him in the hands two handed because he received a nifty pass through the zone. he didn't have gloves on. That's intimidation.
Whenever you see a succesful buisness, someone made a courageous decision
#Moore, Lamb, The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal. Jesus age 6-30. h/t , who says this was a big hit in seminary.
Country Diva Sara Evans looked glam in her glittery gold top, painted-on jeans, sky-high heels and plenty of attitude.
Kobe is great and all but adding another ring won't make him like Jordan.
Expanding a volume in Win 7 is easy and just made my life much simpler , yay something final was easy.
Open Mic with Joe Wray, Stop in and play a tune or just enjoy the music.... Just Come!!!
I know I passed that test forsure
i'm difficult. i'm complicated. i'm hard to love. i know that...but if you try, i'll try.
Why does 'wholesome mommy' sound dirty to me?
The Titans just drafted a super star. Kendall Wright.
Having a good weekend so far.
It's a larger file than usual (higher audio quality), so may take a bit longer to download. Let us know your thoughts!
RT “: I really hate when you can hear someone slurp their soup or cereal when they are eating .”
Thanks, Tom!
Excited to for my first Happy Hour tonight!
It's 2 Buck Tuesday! Join us for $2.50 PBR tall boys, Schlitz drafts & Highlife bottles and $2 bowling today
alrighty then. I will as soon as I know it's up.
Many thanks to my guests and listeners #CommunityVoices this morning.
Matilda is on ... It's been too long 😊
First thing on my bucket list: make a bucket list
Nice man! Awesome school. Always wanted to go there.
": Me: Mom, can I buy this? Mom: No. Me: I have my own money though. Mom: No."
I responded to your first email but did not see a question in your second.
I haven't even tried work on it, though lots love it for writing on account of the unitasking. Only consumption here.
Merry Christmas
Was hoping Anisimov would do the machine gun mime thing again, but no luck!
this will be the best OF in the majors when Crawford and Ells come back. Two all-star caliber players with Sweeney and Ross
Happy Birthday Ellen!! Do you have a special birthday dance?
Glad to hear! RT : Yoga flow with Kira was great once again! And so nice to run into an old friend
better then having school
Smoke a blunt, fuck a bitch... in the butt. Im bossin!
#Bachmann has endorsed #Romney. But only so her husband can hug him.
Yeah it's cause I have 40+ hours of overtime they decided to let me off for a few days which I don't mind haha
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #AUBREYCROWNE im shaking so bad i love you al!!!
The Pulse is live. Tune in! Power 98.3 or www.power983fm.com
I love you so much! You so amazingly beautiful and talented! It would be so awesome if you could tweet me back!
my first Kansas City Wiz game in the inaugural season. Amazing how far the league has come since then!
I found my new babies daddy at Kona grill !
Your tax money is going to be used to pay for public schools even if you don't have kids? Yup
I'm so ready for what the future holds in store for me! Got rid of my anchors so should very smooth sailing from here! Halaluah!!
Melissa McCarthy and Jenny McCarthy are cousins?! Poor Melissa.
Word of warning...it looks like my account has been hacked into...please disregard and delete any 'questionable' messages from my account!!
i think its awesome that you like austin mahomie and justin bieber :)
Andrew Luck #1Pick I still think RG3 gonna be a better qb, but they both gonna be great
thanks :D
Megan Fox pregnant with first child
How are you going to tell me what i can buy and can't buy? Its my money. if i wanna blow it all then let me.
is showing us examples of the semantic web
: It might be interesting to see some stats on who has appeared most number of times, who has appeared for 3-5-7 years in a row, etc.
- enjoyed your presentation this morning on social media; thx for your time.
I am updating the DNS on my site to move to a new server. If I am down today that is why. That and spite.
Calcium is a must. U don't need it from dairy and u don't want it from dairy - Sarah Taylor. My POV: need 2 create broadcast campaign to edu
I'm good wedding planning is going good just a bit less than 6mos away now. Almost there
After Broussard spelled 'Memphis' as 'Mempis', I completely disregard any of his sports analysis.
plus I don't allow n e 1 to gt hym I'm always wit hym he's always wit me however u wanna put it but dnt disrespect me n hang
wth are we watching??
I'm off the Manning band wagon. If he isn't going to play no better than this he needs to be second string. Paynter could have done better
I wish my old spice body wash didn't say "gel douche" on the front.
HEY LIL BRO.I NEED TO START CONTACTING ME MORE OFTEN. LOVE YA
Johnny 5 Dance Party at Crystal Pistol - win 2 free tickets to 80's Prom!!!
A good PR friend got laid off last week. Non-profit arts + agency experience. Pls RT and send me any leads...thx
"You two obviously like each other...just go out already! >.<"
“: I can't stop thinking about you.. #whatsmyproblem #helprick” I miss you too
happy green beer day fellow miamians!!!!
"Loyalty brings forth royalty." AZ
I'm only 12 but I've experienced romeo and juliet. The one you love so much, just dies
has way too many catalog record maintenance projects to accomplish!
Some couples are so damn annoying. I hope Thomas and I aren't like that.
All my pockets want is
he was wide open, but SHIT...should've just took the drive-in.
“Given the choice between a Republican and someone who acts like(one), people will vote for the real Republican all the time.” HARRY TRUMAN
Lebron put up 30pt while sitting the whole 3rd quarter
Video Record the pages :D
#FF All speakers at the 2010 Yale Publishing Course!
I think I found my new favorite show!
I love how I am getting ignored by :(
I have no idea what I'm doing!
69withcody i like your username a lot. your dp is cute. I'm so happy you got to meet cody! && your tweets are so funny
39 N. 6th Ave tonight! with Free coffee, tea, soday first 50! Hope you come and hang out!
STEFAN! WHY U NO GO TO BED AT A REASONABLE TIME? YOU HAVE TO GET UP WITH YOUR SON IN 4 HOURS!
there's actually a story behind this guy. i'm working on a blog post to tell it. :)
Everything happens for a reason, but sometimes the reason is that you're stupid and make bad decisions.
It looks like the Kickstarter will not succeed. You can never predict what will and will not succeed.
#BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad! Love it! Follow?!X3
So excited to see my sissy tonight 💚
If an American citizen murdered raped and tortured another citizen he would face the #deathPenalty in FederalCourt
MAHOMIES of course(;
Finna go make this money
Jr Smith to the Knicks!!
The $20 he promised to pay you for doing so >>“: Blind trust n. - what you need to vote for Mitt Romney”
Some great instructional strategies for online courses in week one from #bonkopen and #coursesites from #blackboard. All about connection, …
I'm dressing like a huge jerk today. Khakis, gingham shirt, blue blazer and wing tips. Now I know what it feels like to be
AWESOME NITE WITH GROOVE JUNKIES PLEASE FOLLW BACK
Life is a trip sometimes but if your upfront and honest it will keep you from falling on yo ass
It's hot as hell in this house! Geez!
how was Tanner for acg 2071?
thanks!!!! hope to have you book an experience!!! RT : new deal site to check out
Goodnight...peace & love
H&R Block cuts 350 jobs, begins search for new CFO
you always help me pull through :)
I took out my tongue piercing, I had it in for over 6 years. My Tongue feels weird now.
Aaaawwwwwww look at 2 cutie pies
Fake people talk about other people being Fake. Real people worry about their business and nobody else's.
Dang, I'm going to bed! RT : Getting less sleep is associated with a 200% rise in cancer, 100% rise in <3 disease & 20% rise in...
my students never peed on me ;)
fear of repetition. again.
You're totally going to make me listen to a bunch of podcasts I haven't yet, aren't ya? :P
computer crash :'(
So what I can't walk, my vagina ain't handicapped
omg! Which one is this?!
I hate when the bus is packed
