Thank you all for a great game and a great season!
How high is Bill Walton?
It's almost time! Great food by Spoon & co and cookies by our own Natalie Mathis, (too delicious for words.) Be there, 6pm!
Boneshaker will be closed tomorrow. Happy Labor Day!
atty Alex Schimel: #Florida must act to protect unadopted children
apparently, i have alot of softball probz.
No Matter What.... Beliebers Are Unstoppable
thanks for follow!
happy and healthy New Year to you and your family! Love you show waiting for 1am, when c2c goes on! £> Fran and Jimmy Russo
never fails to blow my mind with his freestyles, watched it so many times but it never seems to get old!
that's my study hall, you can chill with me... If you want
It's so nice not to have a mouse that double clicks every time you click once!
THIS IS MY 3,800th TWEET. Cool right?
my teeth hurt
Are these blitz rules now?
I just wanna hide in a hole & never come back out 😔
Hey, Ann Curry, just want to take a moment to let you know I've always admired your reporting. Keep up the great work! You rock :)
Serving up fun in Oklahoma & Kansas 2 ways or take your pick or may we suggest...both!
Tenacious D with a new album? Say word.
At the end of a long weekend, the only decision left is which novel to re-read in bed tonight.
Drama in Meridian Hill Park. Let the drumming begin Park police
good morning, tweeters!!! it's a beautiful hump day! give thanks and make it a great day!!!
it's weird to notice that it's mostly the guys in the design session voicing their thoughts, and women just listening
why ? lol did you get on ?
Tried 2 tell her
Thank you : ) RT happy birthday!!!
Sidewalks are ways n-1 people wide
Ooh - good call!
You're so thoughtful I love that about you
Hey TY 4 being the 1,000th follower ... never announced a gift but when we meet up... show u r Mr. F. & have a Free "Nate" Dog
Hi! Didn't you used to be in Tucson? (Because I'm in Tucson right now.)
MT Yay! #ivotedyes RT : Just enclosed my SAG-AFTRA Merger Ballot ready to mail Monday. Of course I voted "YES"....
the guy in the elmo costume looks like he's high.
“When someone else makes a mistake it is their responsibility to correct it but it's your responsibility to handle how you feel about it.”
en club penguin
I don't mind some tv talk; esp. about great shows or in ways that are revealing about the person. But many bores ONLY talk tv.
uh ? SO Lol I Was Tired And It Was A Early Day , My Mom Didnt Make Me Go Lol
cause i am issues ? Makes no sense
Matt Barnes
199 followers... who will be our 200th? (We're tweeting daily about new, open research from #Columbia - who WOULDN'T want this prize?)
AWSOME SHOW LAST NIGHT!
RT : I can't sleep. I'm too excited and nervous for tomorrow. This is crazy. So weird and cool.
Can't wait for my jimmy johns right now haha
When I saw that yours was a Kate Spade phone, I looked on Amazon to see if she had other cute ones. She did, a whole bunch.
Need a #craft buddy! Prepping #favor orders tonight...maybe a little pick me up will help!
me too!! What would you rather be? A vampire or werewolf? I'd wanna be a werewolf aka 'wolfgirl'
love you
Text me back, dude.
Serious question the GOP needs to ask itself—when was the last time our party enacted positive, forward-thinking social legislation?
Thank you for the RT
My son decided I'd only do a 30min #writingsprint. Got 3pgs. Let me know how you do.
For the state of Kentucky shit just got real!!!
Just saw a guy that looks like he walked out of an episode of Mad Men. Maybe he should calm down.
Thanks! Love how we share the same goals to inspire change! We can def help each other out.
THERE HE IS
I am having the same issue. :-[ sucks
ok, great! It's a "he", will introduce you via FB.
All for the re/cession/covery-friendly price of THREE DOLLARS!
The pope should hang. If there's any justice in the world, the pope should hang.
It has now become a feat task to find a job in the field of Information Technology, the reason behind this is the increase in competition.
Thanks for the event you created on FB for this Sat 5/5
As life goes on, it still sucks. i dont know what 2 do. my hearts broke and as people make fun of me at school, they dont even Know what
I'm a slytherin!!!!
Going to bed.... goodnight :)
They're 6 feet tall, have airplane wings, and make it their business to enchant soccer players, apparently!
JB please... follow me
optimiZation is spelled with a Z people... NOT an S. Thanks... You have now learned something for the day!
Thank you to all of you who have been following & enjoying the info provided. I will continue to do so as I can. Pls let others know also.
BOX OFFICE MONDAY: Not surprisingly, THE AVENGERS once again took the top spot this weekend, followed by DARK SHADOWS. What’d you see?
Tonight - Name That Riff sponsored by PBR @ McGreevy's Boston! 8:30PM - 10:30PM Tons of free prizes! See u tonight!
Just put a full tank of gas in my car and now I can't afford to do anything except stay at home.
Love it ! And , I've not seen Multiplicity. Just looked it up. I won't want Andrew to fall for another me...
Hi! Check out He's raw but in the best possible way. See you at #FranCamp!
Yay now my taco's gone. -___-
Remember Kiel as a fan favorite and some after a rough preseason for Favre were calling for him to be QB
I have a feeling I'm going to make out this school without getting into a fight. too many ducks at this school
Thank you
Just got my stats exam back, I puff puff passsssedddd it
Larry Carroll - made my first semester at awesome...and of course YOU, Wish I cd go back..
How are you Aunt Lisa?(:
Hangin with the big brother tonight!!! I missed you Devyn!
aww lol :) I looked black at some points growing up
You're the only one who can ever calm me down. I love you.
I'm focusing on the positive here!
BACON bacon BACON bacon BACON bacon
I hate when i get that text..
Carmelo is ridiculous
unfortunately in my neighborhood Starbucks is as local as you get.
that's what i thought. i'm expecting to see a large assortment of endorsement deals coming up...
lol french montana
thanks! I'm very glad you enjoyed it. What was your favorite part?
Great turnout for initiation! Good luck to all the new members, and I'm proud to be will all the new officers!
hahahaha my mom said you're gonna have to learn to be made fun of if you plan on surviving this vacation
RT : The best way to go to couples counseling is alone.
I'm ready to go home
Happy New Year 2012 Jamie
Maybe you could. With the right team...
Wow now I feel really bad about the survey we gave to her about her teaching skills....
I don't even have balls.. We nuggets have no genitals.
Leave them out.
Best fucking thing ever: the Chuck Norris plugin for Jenkins.
Two weeks until I finish insanity and move to the asylum. Why do I have to sacrifice sanity for a six pack? Don't care. Koo Koo crunches!
Exercise Benefits Breast Cancer Patients
Morning People! Doin Some Laundry And Then Im Gonna Go Make A Vlog Later!
I poke holes in my parents condoms so theres someone else to do the dishes. ;3
I am _______ fill in the blank LmaoRT : I'm tryna _____ ( fill in the blank)
You walkin in a fashion show, or what?
I'll come to the north side. I'm down with that. I've never got drunk on the north side before.
Long day! Acupuncture time!! :)
chael sonnen just killed it on the #smackoff! NBA players only taking turns with Kim Kardashian!
Opening day, Saturday. Your fish is waiting in Oneida Co.
ah thanks girl :) I'm so excited to have FREE time.
keep them coming..love them
: Happy Birthday Shelly-Pooh . Love you .
What I'm taking now: Carlson cod liver oil, Sprouts ultimate multi, Carlson Vitamin D gems, Traditional Medicinals dandelion root tea.
Open Hack this week, Dec. 15, 8PM, 120 W. North Ave., Baltimore (the usual). All are welcome.
Couldn't have picked a better night for Moonstruck to be on tv.
Remember when Disney channel actually had good tv shows?
tells HS students that w/ FB and Twitter: "You're not going to be able to hide from each other" Asks: Does that affect behavior?
How is that even possible?
#HappyNationalAgnesMonth Be aware everyone, March is the time for the agni!
What you guys did to my eyes...should be done to everyone else in the world
Try living in Minnesota while being the messenger.
na, time to move on. its rather boring now...
I don't know what that is CullyBear...
When networking, differentiate yourself from your competition. What makes you the best?
you gave me two, i lost one and that was what... a month ago...
RT : I'm wearing you to run 35 miles on my birthday tomorrow. Please propel me and #35for35 GET IT!
Sucks the arena's close tomorrow but ran some good games today
You comin down off shrooms? That makes me cry sometimes. Keep your head up and smoke some weed.
It Never Over Until It's OVER..
he's a "rapper" from Atlanta.
Justin box is my one person to text me
its going to be a fun night, is back, have tons of PBR left
*Raises hand* 
my roommate thinks that drinking flat pop isn't gross.
Hey ! I want to win Jill Stuart makeup!
Hi Adrianne!!! I'm guessing that you're not the biggest fan of the POTUS-
Ditching Milton (Cutlass Supreme) & walking to school :-).
If you're in a bad marriage and tripping with your wife then yes.
GOOD LUCK we love you
I'd hate to be the poor bastards who paid through the nose for tonight's #DJ3K delay
Okay, the plus about today is that I am DONE editing chapters one and two (err for now anyways.) tomorrow is chapter three starts!
Is hiring?
Then my mission is accomplished, O nemesis. ::evil laughter::
This is a test
I just combined 4th-order ngrams of Canseco and Zizek. Sorry about the mysteriously abrupt and destructive wind storm.
I think I'm addicted to painting my nails.
What to do on a hour train ride to Chicago? Jam to some Jonas, One Direction and Big Time Rush is what you do!
Every night before I go to sleep I think about you, us and how much I love you <3
She has so many questions about
If you come against me you're suppose to lose.
.: "So what are you guys up to later? Is there a football game on?"
yes Gwyn looks amazing! Tom Ford always does me good
Chipotle, Thai Tom, Schultzy's, Sweet Iron, Specialty's (U Village), Chaco Canyon...
Looks like I'm switching rooms again.. because I don't trust this nigga
Cinco de Mayo calls for breakfast tacos
lol we listen to music, make prank call, eat junk food, braid each other's hair and PELLOW FIGHT! :D
you r beautiful..
Early morning oil change in 18 minutes. I like it.
sometimes being in the beer community is like being in a soap opera. there's only so many people. don't be jerks, you guys.
"Life IS Downton Abbey." - Pam
It's not really resentment for the love we offer. It's an expression of the loss of our self that we sometimes feel.
We just want to take a moment to wish all our buddies luck this weekend at New England Metal & Hardcore Fest! Tear it up!
When they say "High level piping & garnishing skills" do they mean eating piped and garnished cupcakes? Because then I'm a shoe-in
Holy shit stackhouse still in nba?!
#Romney was a bully? Really? That's so surprising. I thought he was just the kind of guy who fires you or turns you down for a loan.
Here I am!
so when are you moving to LA again?
the motive should be health.
It really is! Added bonus: it's pink.
So this guy i use to like has a girlfriend now but he looks at me all the freaking time. Ha sucks to be him cause im not easy.
BLUEWAFFLE LOL ;) IM KIDDING Lol you know i love you
Jut saved $70 on underwear at Kohls
New Mexico St win tonight and were off to the big dance once again!!!!!
looking 4ward! RT : MT : more patient perspective at 2012
it's insanely hot and sunny up here today. Kill me.
A scribe just spontaneously appeared in my office. I've asked him to make me another iPhone from only the materials on my desk.
yeah right! nice tweet, and they also check on the quality Ron RT : What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy...
Almost want to say "jumped the shark," but the episode as a whole was so hilarious I'm holding back.
Want to know more about Kona Coffee? Meet up with growers from Mama's 100% Kona Coffee 7am at Keauhou Bay Coffee Co. on Saturdays.
What's your favorite sex toy?
indded I am am! Also thanks for the great products
the explosions are what got me...so funny..
Ugh wit this heat the blue line gonna smell like ass n arm pit :/ ugh
yes. Still beer and people left.
A sure way for people to self deport! : Gingrich: "I would close the border and open my marriage."
Is going app crazy on her bb!!
long day, short class. lots of library today.
Blues on NBC Action News tonight at 6! Also, touch tonight at SM East at 6:30 so come get a run in!
Not seen by me thx to a channel outage on ! RT Wow. That goal by Cisse was __!
HA! Yes, it seemed Google was very confused... for a second... I think that piece now resides poolside... bit.ly/qJRk6n
Was I wrong for thinking Mike Bibby would make more of an impact with the Heat, not defense, but at least knock down some threes
tarting a business entails a huge financial risk. Determine what can you lose and how much you are prepared to risk for your new business.
I never saw that movie, so I never would have got the reference, nice.
What are you going to do with ALL those posters in your room from your mahomies?
Thanks for the RT!
200 followers!!! A small milestone I know, but still exciting!!
FOX NEWS TODAY: "Energizer Bunny Arrested, Charged With Battery!"
All ready to go out for a run. Why didn't someone tell me it was raining? Now what.
Good! You?
My dear followers,pleasse follow my back-up Thank yall!lav yah!
Don't mean to be rude Just escape her clutch for a little bit Don't have to say a word It'll be our little secret (;
so we got McDonald but then we were still hungry so then we got taco bell and you know me I payed in change.
Follow me Year-long experiment in social media for sustainable farm raising pastured chickens and eggs.
Is it just me or is the #LPC12 Biennial getting more national press than the #ndp leadership race? No, it's not just me.
6 hours with 30 plus females is never ok...
Why Has Sonic Run Out of Steam?
Jesus to rocked the house today! We killed the stage tonight....!!
One day I'm go rep that MMG with we goin straight to the top all hate is welcome fuck
O-line? What is is this you speak of?
kool aid and frozen pizza :p
Long exhausting day thus far but i love every second of it
To die would be and awefully big adventure
Deep Gold releases in Philippine Theaters nationwide today, August 31, in 3D! To all Filipinos in the Philippines, see you at the theaters!
It amazes me how many people have public posts saying things that should not be public information.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Simple BBQ Sauce 4.13 / 5 Stars | 12 Reviews by Karen Bronson "The name says it all. This tasty and different sa
yes which is why I'm hoping I don't have to lol
Check out our carpet, upholstery, tile & grout cleaning specials for the month of July on our site www.revolutionarycleaning.com.
I'm upset about the game but more upset about North Carolina.
In the Bay workin on the site where you can check out the beats. Hit me up if you still interested in beats. Got a few that GO
Why was Rose in up by 12 with one minute left?
Early day again, its frriday only one more left, round six. Lego!
I would like to talk to you about a front-end development lead opportunity. DM me or tweet me a direct contact for you. Thanks!
When is your big day?
Way too many choices of awesome things to do tonight. I hate running around, but I hate to miss so much greatness too.
This is my first tweet.
I would watch the Clippers/Spurs but Im rewinding the Heat Game to see LeBron miss free throws.
Game of Thrones. Heroes. Eastbound and Down. Prison Break. Dexter. Weeds.
(Samuel Butler) The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.
#FACT.....SINGLE....NO KIDS...WHAT MORE CAN I ASK FOR...LIFE IS TOO GRAVY!
Listening to Hurricane by Panic! At The Disco ♥
If sex with 3 people is called a threesome, and sex with 2 people is called a twosome, now I understand why they call you handsome. lmfaoooo
Lanes shut down on I-77 South at mile marker 99 (Greenbrier Street). Be prepared to stop as you approach this area!
Hey girlfriend!
WTF is on CN right now?
Well Mother Connie the time is just about here and you can buy all you want for $1.00. Makes wonderful gifts.
Sometimes I really wanna say to some people, "wtf is wrong with you?"
Shout out to my 400th follower!! I appreciate it.(:
Ayyyyy Big Deasyyyyyyyyy You already know bro, you gotta get out here to visit me
Blazers assistant donates 2 lower level tickets to tonights playoff game to - auction on 3-6 pm on 95.5FM
Ty - Would you be interested in doing an interview with the Denver Twitter Examiner over Twitter?
Listening 2 men construct the new part of the office around me is pure comedy. One guy keeps yelling "bastard!" followed by a dropped object
strawberry/banana smoothie would be great!
Is Popovich missing the last two games like a vacation for him? Or is that considered sabtical leave?
More energy is needed. Any suggestions?
Maybe we should all start singing Christmas Caroles?
We've lost the guy who makes lacquers! If you see him send him our way.
We just sent all rescuers outside the US a special grant for $1,200. This grant is made possible by a generous gift from an anoymous donor.
thanks for the tweets. Kyle and Lucas are great Pros down at Heartland. A steal of a deal.
Not that sad that 'we're all infected' just means we'll havta change our burial traditions
i care so much...
I really can't stand when people live-tweet tv shows/sporting events/hanging out with their friends.
Anyone know of good source that asks: Is it better to be immersed completely in L2 to learn it (no L1), or to reinforce learning w/ L1?
I HATE WHEN A NIGGA UMBRELLA FLIP IN DA FUCKIN RAIN SON!....SMH BE MAKIN A NIGGA LOOK RETARDED
Need to move the slide and swingset from the backyard to the garage, err university. Got offers extended to the dog and goldfish as adjuncts
I have an extremely low A and I just don't give a fuck, I have a research project in english and I don't wanna do two at once
what a dick! We need to send him a scarlet "A." Good ridden to your ex. You're a great lady and so much fun! Miss you a ton!
#OOMF Has an amazing ear for music.... :)
HELL YEA INDY I GREW UP OUT THERE represent!
nyc summer yes?
we got A Chicken...youll have the whole chick pin on your asses! lmao!!
All we do smoke & fck!
if those two get together i might die of laughter.
My goal is to have a job by the end of the month :)
Can't sleep...too many vodka redbulls tonight. Maybe I should cut back, maybe I shouldn't.
It is going on until 10am tomorrow!
I might throw a party when he finally retires. Seriously can't stand that guy.
no pressure...but it may be written soon.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN I LOVE YOU <33333 HAVE THE BEST BIRTHDAY POSSIBLE
and right now you're probably so damn close you can taste. one dream. one shot. chase it.
We hope you are enjoying your Labor Day!
Either you like bacon or you're wrong.
4 on 4 should be better than that piss....
I'm a true #Bulls fan but I never want to see anyone injured. I don't care who it is.
thats good to hear! my day was good. i went to the beach by my self and listen to R&B Music. I have my secret spot i go to.
i agree lol
ok, I will go along with it...but burns a little.... Let's go Flyers.
“The Devil Inside” is a creepy exorcism documentary style film. Based on a “True Story” Story wise, it’s nothing we haven't seen before.
thx for follow too :)
thanks for the follow
Count me in as on the #bunnyhugger side, though I'm afraid Mr. Melton might still need a little help with the definition of "archaeology"
Good sex can fix a bad argument, but it doesn't cure a bad relationship.
Happy Saturday #RVA! What are your plans today?
FUCKING SO MANY A's
Get a 20% discount on Unlimited and Premium upgrades with the promo code cbturkey11 through the weekend!
Thanks for sharing the #SMBAustin news - hope to see you on the 22nd!
Join Figment 2010's (all) volunteer planning team! Come to a meeting on Mon 1/25 at 7pm. RSVP info [at] figmentproject [dot] org for address
Thank you! Unless supermarkets start asking us for massive bagels, we'll be keeping it real with normal sized ones
#CyberMonday is here at last! Who found some amazing online deals today?
A taste for pain with a side of self-loathing.
You and the rest of the panel on CNN do a great job of analyzing the GOP race. We all appreciate the long nights you put in!
tell me bout it ctfu! and happy bday early by the way!! u could come visit every once in awhile #feelinneglected lol
"When chopping herbs, toss a little salt onto the cutting board; it will keep the herbs from flying around."
Watching Face Off with Raven and Kevin Sullivan. About the 6th time I've watched it. Still entertaining as a mofo.
Love this pic!
i once tried to figure it all out too, but, damn it, i got scooped by arthur stewart at the new york herald.
Don't believe everything you think
RT : The feeling you feel when you feel that your going to feel a feeling that you've never felt before.
Records/songs live forever!
Having a dream*
Year of the Dragon! Let's hope it brings some luck!
Remember that showering after #sex does not prevent the transmission of any
These talks >>>
this week just cant get any better.
sorry & I bailed after dinner but Ryan had to lose $ before bed.
what? i thought they were winning?
Setting Up a Garage Sale by Anna Marie Bowman
still telling any and every dog store that will listen about our incredible dog treats!!
Why cant call me maybe be 45 minutes long? I'm tired of clicking replay on YouTube.
I love and miss you too! & alright! Too excited! (:
Naps fuking ruin your sleep cycle.
Thanks!! You've been a great supporter!
Good morning!! Happy Easter everyone!.. Have a great day!!!
That goes for everything.
Goodnight everyone
We've got a winner! #OKSTATE wins the #BedlamBaseball tournament.
oh I'm not sure. You can call up the venue tho. Im sure they know! LOL
Well shit, at least you tried.
So, does this mean that the price of an iPad2 will drop to around $199 or so? Please?
Are you giving Romney as much hell as the president? :)
Lo siento, tengo que irme, llego tarde. / I am sorry, I should leave, I am late
.: for years the state had not been doing what it should have been doing...microcosm of deterioration of state gov overall
am38G that sounds awful. Vanillia whey, oj, strawberries,banana ,and blueberries. Some ice and blend. U outa try
#FF Part 7: sorry for the misspell
nice and classy
I wish you would finally take care of me and be stronger than me and be there for me. There are still decisions you know.
She said thank you!! :)
Props to all of our soldiers and leaders that have lead us to this victory
Thanks so much for the follow back ☺😜
Let me guess, it's a "Jump To Conclusions" App?
WHO WANTS A SHOUT OUT FOR TODAY FIRST GO FOLLOW .. IM CHECKING...
and copy cat was amazing just like every episode!! Shake it up is like my fav show!!!! :);):);)
Nonalcoholic baileys coffee drinker? Wtf is the point?
Thank you! Yes, I think it will be really interesting! I hope #SPNHC was fun!
You make us all laugh too Louis! Lovin all of your tweets today :) Can't wait to see you guys in Columbus next year!
thanks! No worries I'm sure I'll be better in no time.
My hamsters had babies -___-
RIP MS Etta James. Though u r gone your music lives forever!
follow my artists
isn't this why you're moving to lkv? Focus on good things
Duhh I told you I was gonna do it! Lmao
Thanks for making me smile lmao!!!
oh how we have missed the food tweets David! :)
I believe that is why people say you should not go
RT : makes all the right moves! RT Lin moving to D.Lee's apt in White Plains;Avoids NYC tax 3.875% on wages
X 2 Business Analysts needed –NYC - Immediate start top $ Analyze user requirements, procedures, and problems to improve business process. …
Seems like we're in a hurry to be named a victim of one kind or another.
Also,@ CSK Book Awards Breakfast, Walter Dean Myers,YA author extraordinaire, will be honored for his lifetime achievement!
Exactly. And I'd never do that.
RT : "Fat Bottom Girls" & "Bicycle" were on the same Queen album. Coincidence?
#longhotsummer by Keith Urban is playing on the radio. Will summer get here already?!?!?
RT : Reg Foster: Sustainability is really just long-term planning. So of course it's essential to your business
#HappyMothersDay to every mom and grandma out there
looking forward to it jennifer. Sorry to miss.
had the same issue, runs great now! Are you in?
Had a Vanilla Tea Latte from Kind Grind in Santa Cruz, CA! Kept me happy all the way to Salinas! The view of the ocean didn't hurt either!
getting ready
What show should I #netflix instantly next??
Love!!! You should listen to cover of Billie Jean too:)
Blech... Got a sunburn from the pool party I went to yesterday. :P
Guys if the first round of flirts didn't work for you, leave us alone. If we said no the first time, we will the 2nd and 3rd. #nomeansno ugh
": consider it done! :)" yay! : ) so are ther manu courtneys where u live??
Lately I enjoy going out and star-gazing. Knowing something that is much larger than myself, keeps me humble.
Sure! I've been interested -- okay, dying -- to see what it's like. Thanks for asking!
Truth is something you gather along the way to where you're going
Double AP testing tomorrow. Jesus, give me strength.
"Up in the Air" checkpoint scene? Gretchen profiles checkpoint "experts", "stumblers" and "dignitaries". spot-on passenger vs. passenger
Dig that!!!
Did you know 's benefits the 's Northeastern Ohio Chapter? They serve 22 counties in our area!
Wow, I asked who you wanted to win first: Brewers or Bucks and not ONE person said the Packers.... ;)
it's BarnJam time! www.barnjam.com
You wanna know what LSU and the moon have in common? Nothing, cause at least the moon can control the TIDE!!(:
If you would not be known to do anything, never do it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
no haha thats my house in san diego:)
The Orioles DFAed Zelous Wheeler. Sad news, but a welcome reminder that Zelous Wheeler is a good name for a Burt Reynolds character/movie.
JACOBI GAVE THE ORDER TO CUT THEIR LIFE LINES..we caught 1 tryin to buck
What!!! Where was I??? Oh wait, probably getting up for traffic reporting at 4am
Of course - Let's do another fun chat!!!
In other news, Romney plans to appoint Newt Gingrich as Secretary of Massive Deficit Spending.
Crazy weekend
If anybody has extra graduation tickets I need them. Please!! I'll do anything!!
It's nice all week ;p
what did i do now?? And dont even talk ms. "dont come out for my birthday the one time im in dallas"
"Spoonified." Favorite word from Jaimy Gordon's Bogeywoman. Man, that woman can play the language instrument.
Ova Pats, arizona, and maybe Buffalo if you're up this wee" otherwise stay away. love the c's 2night
We hope everyone is having a wonderful Saturday :)
ya lo se
And look who is holding this little fawn? Human hands...caring hands...loving hands...healing hands. Can we do that for each other?
“: and killed this sangria.” :) yeah Kid!!! We killin it in here. Come join us for the festivities.
Ughh only person who can make me feel better is my sister, where is she when I need her-_-
this RT : Ejection snowballed from when Rondo was yelling at refs when he thought a ball out of bounds should've been given to BOS.
Is so pretty :)
your lame dude
The problem with eating in restaurants is when you get sat next to inane people who refuse to just
Thank you :-)
What bands have you been listening to lately?
I was surprised, myself, that we were able to have a round 2. No guarantees past that. They can only take so much.
no I don't fuck with her like tht just didn't think she was going to pull this
I feel like the secrets of the universe are being revealed to me. Why had I not read #mobilefirst sooner?
My nephew learned to stick out his tongue last week. Best Facetime ever!
I need one too!
that is a NICE gift! and you can never miss a great garage sale find!!
No #Crosby on top power play unit = power play goal. Apparently Crosby was the problem.
Great movie, but I always cry at the end... i'm such a sap! :)
“: Sex is not necessarily love:: its not always : (L)egs (O)pen (V)ery (E)asy #Love”. Hah this is great.
UFL's trouble is no surprise at all. That it took a whole year for it to happen is only mild twist.
Side note: Happy Feb / Happy NSD. May the force be with us Dawgs
Ya forgot a couple of people...Punk & H...leads to Vince going out saving the day before official retirement. NWO 2012
Fox59 had a slo-mo vid of you entering a restaurant; kind of looked like a Bigfoot sighting. Welcome to our city!
thank you.
cus I don't have parents this week, so ima smoke some til they get back next week
hey did anybody see my new twitter name yeah I know its awesome
First tweet from new Ivy Bridge setup running Windows 8.
well thats annoying
Tension is still high between American and Britain after the American Revolution.
Lex what you been up to bro?
It's not really a bad thing tho....
Like that wasn't planned...
Just realized the Phil Rizzuto thing in "Paradise By the Dashboard Light" features a squeeze bunt with 2 outs...really guys?
Love Brewer! Great opening quarter!!!!!! Go #Nuggets :)
Yeah. Anyways, best of luck with Golden State. At least they have a vision! :)
What have I to fear? What have I to dread? Leaning on everlasting arms..said I was goin2 sleep in but I find myself up praising the Lord!
Through the common experience of the spectacular, social engagement can flourish.
is my #Number1 source for GLBT News from around the world!
Dang. It's raining really, really hard here.
spring forward!
Great meeting you last night Great event too. Can't wait for the next one!
Weeks was the #2 pick overall. Best player in college baseball. Frustrating. Disagree? Yes?
if i wanted yinz to know what i was talking about, im pretty sure i woulda added and
Lets work let me know when you ready RT : let me get a TWERK mixtape for the ladies!!!
Its almost St. Paddy's Day! What is everyone doing?!
Wtf is with people today. I hate driving.
any plans on doing any autograph/sport shows in the near future? Preferably Chicago, always been a huge fan! I need your
Of the occupy protesters in downtown Chicago, I wonder how many have jobs and how many still get money from their parents or relatives
Have come to the realization that Feb. 11th is coming quickly and for a girl wanting a top 3 -this butt will not be ready. March-9 wks. out
I had such a blast performing and hanging out at Revolution Lounge in Vegas last night!!!
two weeks left in melbourne.... </3
My cup is running ova with love
Watching "Cascabel" and thinking how much I love living in Chicago.
I'm scared! Mommy!
I'm just playing lol It wouldn't let me follow you but now it started working
ya ya ya i know. u guys are lucky and already out of finals
The Isla Earth Radio Series is produced by the Catalina Island Conservancy, because Earth IS an Island.
Some shoppers but not overly crowded at Shopko this morning
The letters h, u, g are right next to each other on the keyboard
Rofl : p Teachers are gayy -.- & ESPECIALLY annoying! I hope u do egg their houses this summer ;PSome only can be cool : )
Oh no! What's it doing/not doing? :(
Starbucks builds up rewards program membership via in-store call to action - Mobile Marketer - Mes.. http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2Fw5fpEX
My way of sayin "Hi"
daaaas right ! Lol but you left before I could say bye!
thats a good thing
#Purdue has been doing a great job shutting down Trob. Just 3 points.
Only a woman can make a one point turn into an 8 point turn
I wish I knew how to fix my comp I think it's time to go to the Apple store soon!
#textsthatgetnoreply "Naked Twister tonight. Just the guys. Any takers?"
Where is your favorite location to shoot in San Diego?
appreciate article. A mention by "Daily Diary of American Dream" is gr8est compliment espec 4 me who's reading wsj since 1980
tweet me if u r bord !!
oh ima have to check it out. How's your day going?
Check with local adult literacy or english as second language programs; most have need for magazines in good condition.
Hollywood Jammers Pro Basketball Game is where U want 2 be tonight 7:30 pm Grant High School. Watch "THE GAME" ball up ex Lakers Tony Farmer
Sin Dios y sin las Mamas no fuésemos nada.
Giving your son a skill is better than giving him one thousand pieces of gold. -Chinese Proverb
Don't hide away from these showers! You've got a whole hour to drink in the rain!
Oh My God -___________- Whale Maybe Choneese Has Some Mulah You Can Borrow c:
Awesome! you??:)
"Only a fool tests the water with both feet" African Proverb #Ambition #RiskTaking #Overcoming Fear
HEY BFF
wish me luck at the #Malaro Award symposium this evening. Public speaking, never a happy task, but I hope I won't stutter too much. :)
Had such a fun day! (:
#aclly im closin my twitter n a day or 2 so if ur frends wit me an dot have my msn its
haha well that's exactly correct.
I need to invest in a juicer....
Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control - New Features Part One
CyberBully=SUCH A GREAT MOVIE.
Hasta lavista bitches I'm going on a cruise! Bon voyage!
I NEED 2 BE GETN READY 4 DA MOVIES BUT ILL WRITE SOME N DEN GET DRESSED
Yes its worth it.. DM me your number so i can tell u were to go.
...proud directioner since october 2010...finally getting to see the boys perform tonight♡ feel incredibly happy & blessed.
Drove to SanD, chilln in sun & playn. You? RT : Thanks, Denise? You had yesterday off? Did you do anything noteworthy?
smoking so much weed 4/20 forgot all about twitter...
We have entry jars coming to all of the major #artgalleries in #pgh. Enter for your chance to win tickets!
No regrets, dont sleep on the Knicks, playoffs here we come.
lol I'm done. time for some sleep, on the bright side, tomorrows Friday!:) #goodnighttweeties :)
oh yeah!!
I love it when I can just act like a lil Kidd wit someone. It attracts me to them so much bcuz I'm just so comfortable with them.
What a lovely holiday tradition!
Wish #chicago businesses knew how much income they lose from urban moms w strollers because they have steps rather than a ramp to get in
Momtrepreneurs. Listen. We are the stuff that dreams are made of.
Thanks ! One step at a time
Saw a guy get hit by a car ; Well my friend saw it , i was distracted but i saw him cursing & trying to fight the lady in the car. o:
I'm still trying to figure it out but I will get better!!! I will have plenty of practice!
wow that's looks perfectly amazingly fake lol
Tf? How am I mean by saying no?
I'm heartbroken I didn't see you in Nashville. I didn't know when u were coming. Just sad I missed you, dang it...
RT - new england patriots, please sign randy moss.
Tom Thon, last seen as SVP of Ops at Clear Channel, has been wisely hired by Townsquare Media as Sr. VP of Radio. Game on!
RT RT Do you want more Followers ? RT&Follow »
Starting your day isn't so bad when you have something to look forward at the end. =)
Thousands of Minnesotans could lose health care programs after Senator Hann blocks grants
live in Milwaukee, WI. Haven't had service for roughly 3 hours. What's going on?
Thursdays amuse- hamachi tartar, spicy mango puree, carrot confit, and flaxseed crips
Thank you for the RTs : "Do you have a Mentor, Advocate & Sponsor? New Blog Post
": The key is not spending time but investing it. How you will invest your time this year?" This is good!
Pay off my school loans:) RT : FILL IN FRIDAY: If I win the lotto today I will _____________.
That happened to me once, but it was cotton candy, so it was totally like 0mg
I'm always checking and responding to email during down time in the work day. Metro rides, waiting for a client, etc.
hmu lmk what's the deal bro
We should trend something..
US Poet Laureate Phil Levine has audience in stitches telling stories of libraries from his youth.
CORRECTION: The tasting today will be Oktoberfest beers!
you're music is amazingly amazing.
you got a point,but when my sht come you know i got you
I'm suddenly feeling better about my decision to not report when I was raped while on active duty.
um no but u prolly seen me workin at ultrabar i take money @ door
Beginning HEARTSTONE by C J Sansom - thrilled to be reunited with Matthew Shardlake in treacherous Tudor England!
Can and the pick up Lamar Odom going into the playoffs?
#WorkFlow I'm Back like i never left
#DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you have no respect for art
that's a plan:)
Only in Roanoke would you find out that your 4th grade teacher is your friends cousin
I dig why he did it... for people with that gift. I think I have the opposite of it haha. Fucking Knicks! Grrr
Sometimes its hard telling the other person the truth because you're afraid of their reaction
Community management research from : <1% of communities are superfans, but they create 50%+ of user generated content ^ac
that was quite confusing..but I got it Haha
#Fact #1 iOnly Sleep In PINK!
If you are wearing glasses as an accessory, stop now. -Neil Everett on sports center.
congratulations on the schools first post season win. Great Job!!
161games and counting. Love it!! ": Two innings in the books for the Marlins in Cincy. Who is watching the game? #LETSGOMARLINS"
I learned something today. District 1 knows how to cook. Yum!!! Happy Oktoberfest!
Boobs, cause you can't motorboat a personality
back into running a little too much i think. spent my lunch hour in a running store. bought more than i should have.
I'm in dire need of a park buddy. Must also be willing to visit a magic shop with me.
I don't know, never Mind (:
Bunch: Museums have the opportunity to help the public embrace ambiguity, not give simple answers to complex questions.
All better 😍
We need more people like you who love #racquetball RT: I'm seriously in love with racquetball!
Yeah u smile in my dont know my struggle
Mac Miller wearing the Ron Burgundy T toinght at the murat.
He looks even older than on TV. The campaign did not help him in the age dept.
Days with >>>
Karma's a beautiful bitch..
OH RIGHT
planned final project topic: Enhancing Social Presence in Online Learning
When “you” change, everything else changes
At Bahamas breeze with babe! Getting my grub on!
nice to meet you
I WANT TO GIVE A SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWER FRIENDS & FAMILY... (singing>>>) WE IS LIKE THAT BABAY.... #justbecauseiloveyou ;-0
Let the sightings of poor fashion choices begin.
Check out our newest products! We now you will love them!
Annoyed that doesn't seem to consider last week's hockey playoffs to be a major factor in tv ratings
Right now, it seems as though they might be the team to beat.
Even if you own a car, it's still great to have access to trucks, SUVs, and convertibles! We have 'em all.
Anyway, I need to learn the best ecofriendly way to clean hardwood floors, I hear tea works.
It's raining...
Thanks for the RT Hope you've recovered from the Bruins' series. Still stings.
Realtor: first you folks tell me what you can afford, then we'll have a good laugh and go on from there. ;-)
Hope you enjoyed the tour. It was a beautiful day to be out on the campus!
No office referral today!!! <3 thank you Mrs. Peterman!! (: and my parents aren't mad!! Gonna have a great weekend!(:
Invisible Dangers of Cell Phone Radiation BloGadgeTech.flv
We just watched Moneyball this weekend and both of us loved it! Great movie!
Hey guys, it's been a while. How was everyone's week? What's on your party playlist for the weekend? Who's on your #FollowFriday list?
is the only one who will talk soccer
If you can barely spell your name correctly, please, get the fuck off back to 1st grade.
I'm getting killed for being a "Spurs homer".. My, my my thangs have changed. (Taylor)
it was good! It was like a class reunion of band friends..
No Problem. Sub-prime lending and the backing of those loans with credit default swaps was the #1 cause of the crash.
totally might try that! Im gettin sick of liquid....
This girlnext to me is breathing like a dying 120 year old man
Supreme court must consider health of our economy and our small businesses, & see insurance is essential for living. Everyone gets sick!
cookies and milk
that's when you use a hand towel... or a blow bryer
did you have a good time lol
If you can pronounce the place you work
thank you for sharing my post.
I have sensitive ass skin I hate it
I'm so sorry for your loss. My thoughts and prayers are with you
Music makes me so happy (:
- thanks, Dan. Glad you liked it. :) Were/are you a big Beastie boys fan?
don't know but i think they were medi-vaccing her from the school field.
Get to see my best friend later ;)
Money doesn't buy you class
There's one by David Marlow in American Speech, on using clickers in syntax classes. I think 2008...can find cite if you need.
No problem, great ideas and videos.
Any tracks you purchase for your Mac, iPad, iPhone etc WILL be compatible with Windows when we release that. No worries!
if you just realize what I just realized that we'd be perfect for each other
Why do #IU fans want #BBN in their bracket? No tourny games in Assembly Hall, and they SUCK on the road!!!
DM me Chill when you get a minute so i can shoot you my number.
my phone battery died if theres someone trying to text me...might be at sweet frog in a few
Can't wait for our boys 1st bball practice tonight
maybe because she sells all those albums and can't sing lol
Greg Taylor, CEO of the Foundation for Newark's Future will be 's guest on tonight's Newark Today on WBGO at 8 pm.
there goes the game sign idea lol
I believe it's maintained by a person living in the UK. Those European people, they don't know anything about nutrition
hey guys hit us up for booking @ ! keep rockin!
big headache for the bighead lol
are you still going to the Cinemeeting event today? Report back! Live tweet it ;) have fun
BP: Bristol Palin, British Petroleum … coincidence?
Omg I'm so sad!! Please #PrayForNena :''(
Stick men tickets will be available for the advance price until 3pm tomorrow at ! Get em while they're hot!
. Of course. Great idea. Thanks, Josh!
just started my masters, workin part- time till I finish next summer then I have a full time job waitin for me next fall.
"you wanna lose weight? Stop eating, fatty!"
Wore Yoga pants on Tuesday and im wearing them again today #YOLO lolo
Oh relax. I left the razors at home. Loved some of the knives they had for sale though!
Girl: So what are you doing? Boy: At some party, and you? (at home in pajamas) Girl: Partying it up! Duh?
I'm actually pissed that I have a minor catbutt issue in my left ear.
lol...I'm watching that too. Love it.
i'm going to write a mystery novel called The Vintagery.
I was going too but I told her in A.R that i found out I wasn't going to move . & what did she say to you about it though ?
I don't have favs but I like Wu Tang, Public Enemy, De La Soul, Gangstarr and etc
Thanks to you as well.
invite my sim :).
“: Rule #3 of slutdom: always have amazing foundation to cover those hickies, you don't want to look trashy.”
we are all completely booked tomorrow :-(
yes ... they have been here too long and i am dull of them.
He is incapable of doing nice things. Where did they REALLY come from?
lol ok I love you!
I tend to eat pretty healthy during the week and cheat a little on weekends. Green smoothies are my fav!
Back on twitter bitches!!!
stop in and have a beer with us!!
Already dipped to the Cabin Tavern. Next time - that's your boy?
BEST SHOW EVER.
Rush hour at work!
It's never TOO LATE. Time for a change ~
ok got it
I hear you talking but your actions prove to be a contradiction
Anyone going to the noise tour tonight in Chicago come hang out with me and Mike!
Rhodri you cant trust your backstabbing brother mate he screwed your missus so why have anything to do with this piece of scum !!!.
idk I gotta talk to G briel
REALLY HOW DID U KNOW!:0FOLLOW ME PLZ
I had forgotten how brutal (& awesome) Battle Royale is. Poor, crazy Mitsuko.
Thanks to all to came out to learn about how to be part of ArtWalk! Great fun mixing at The Grand!
Happy Halloween!
Can't wait to watch Top Chef tonight! Lets go team moto!
Happy Mothers Day !
You know what really grinds my gears? How the toilet seats always cold in the winter
The Wall St. Journal called Tim Tebow the Justin Bieber of the NFL. Mr. Popularity gets fed to the Lions this week.
What is average shipping time? I'm ordering today & wonder if $5 Economy shipping will get it to me before I leave 5/17
That Was Awkward & Left Me Utterly Confused.....
Rocking Chicago tonight at the Red Line Tap! Show stars soon. We are up at 9!
I also miss COME BACK TO OHIO! ): wahhh
Why Dream Farm? Because what the world needs is not another commuting commuter community. :) www.DreamFarm.US
The more I grow the more y'all seem to stay the same
Crazy to think how many lies were told to keep up the hoax. How does one even keep track? Evernote? Google Docs? Enlighten me.
Of course! I am so glad you were able to make it. And you should feel that way all the time-I think you know your importance :)
spoke too soon - he just chimed in in response to a question
watching #PBS movie on women's peace movement in #Liberia - they define bravery. A reminder that the 99% are still really the global 1%.
one more thank-you to for leading a great chat on mobile this week.
what good is a file backup if you can't use the file that you're backing up?
Kudos for persuasive advocacy on SB 820 passed out of senate
I wanna talk to Samson RT : Grandmother ... Arrested for selling weed got caught with 4lbs of weed worth over $270,000
I Love <3
Fleurir Chocolate Tasting Friday Eve at Biagio
yep *smiles*
You're right! They're no better then those blue people. Am I right?
I hope that someday I will be emotionally stable enough to go to a hallmark store.
I'm too drunk to taste those chicken
thanks for your support!
Hoping to hear great news today!!
We think of our attachments being to something or someone we love, but we are clinging to our attachments because of fear and lack of love.
ok enjoy I'm gonna drink for u patron & Hennessy lbvs
Ha cuz u wont plan nothing
you amaze me everyday i'm so prud o you J!!!
RT :sure here you can see some older works-- what lens do you use for yo music videos And what camera went yo learn more...
Love the new Santa & Siri commercial! Of course, #Apple never fails to impress
Realization of yuppie-dom came while crossing Whole Foods parking lot, talking about DVRed Community & wild salmon on sale at Fresh Market.
im so sleepy, it's hard to stay awake :(
SOB RT : re-reading Jessica, Grace, Michelle, and my tweets from earlier today... We are fucking hilarious.
Do u really think I want to stand and chat at wal-mart at 6:45AM?
JB on her difference from Massumi: I'm focusing on everyday connections after emergence.
Mega Millions in mere moments. Someone is gonna win $640 million. We're hoping someone in Georgia snags the prize.
She's unreal RT : Beyonce is operating on different level than everyone right now!
Haha cheers!! RT Uh oh. Food/bar writer is back to drinking vodka
Lets go Eagles I still beleive.
All prayers and thoughts go out to the people at the Indianopolis Fair!
So glad the man behind us on the bus has taken this time to change his ringtone. Greyhound is a second home for crazies
Self sufficient literature ecosystem
I play Kyle next week.
They won't be able to see me yet, but they can still enjoy a nice tour.
Finally getting a night where I haven't heard a train go by every 15 minutes!
Srsly there were republicans who argued against repealing DADT bcuz... "Congress should not do so when American troops r fighting overseas"
Like a damsel in distress....
Congrats on ur engagement 2 Sandra.Just saw an article from E!Shes a very lucky women 2 have u in her life.i wish u 2 the best
u got it bro!
Our roommate got a great new job at the neighborhood bank. Then she robbed it. Made our later transactions there a bit...awkward.
This day has been exciting, productive and beautiful. Now enjoying a great way of winding down at karaoke in
yeah I'm the reacher but I think that's a good thing lol
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
what he said?
It didn't happen
Dedicated artist, what are you doing to cultivate enough "Real Fans (not followers)" using cutting edge technology to make an honest living?
bust it wide open
Good morning everyone!!
Find a job you like and you add five days to every week. H. Jackson Brown
Regrouping after a big week, tad stressful, but laying out plans for #SWSW 2012. Always exciting & good time in Austin every spring.
yes I think I missed one eye ;) Thanks
lolololol oh lord do I have stories for you
Thk U so much ;-) RT thanks! a lot of my friends get pictures done by yall. they're gorgeous!
I know the feeling that Mac has for Chase Utley. I have it for Dustin Pedroia.
We are on pretty soon at The Guitar Merchant. Come join us
The #Browns traded their #67 pick to Denver for #87 and a 5th Rd (#120)
What is Graphic Design? email your thoughts to #aigadesign #aiga #design #graphicdesign Thank you.
What's going on?
Drive faster!!!
Don't drag yourself down. Today is going to be an awesome day!
Client news: RT Sequenta to present data at #ASH2011 highlighting use of #sequencing (#ICRS) to measure #cancer in blood
RT : A feast of data to interpret in new Pew survey of book readers about ebooks: Mike Shatzkin comments on the Pew s......
Totally happy with the way that trade turned out the first time around. No need to revisit.
This damn back pain needs to stop o':
maybe you stayed up too late tweeting?
And we've reached that point in #lawschool finals studying where my procrastination means I have to learn a semester in about three hours.
PLEASE FOLLOW FOR ME!
Consumers will set prices for ebooks in a fragmented market. Jesus Badenes
Have a safe and productive weekend!
It is nice to be important, but It is more important to be nice.
I need to take a week day off work.
Stoked to see Ben Kweller on Monday up in Rancho Barnyardo. Thx to & for the invite.
Posters are in! I need one or two people from every high school and college to come pick some up and post them around your school!
My favorite Björk quote says the same: "If there's no soul in the [electronic] music, it's because nobody put it there."
There r many forms of #bravery. How r u #brave?
thanks for the RT & I love all the #Pathogenoposse!
Early voting numbers have NC #amendment1 passing 55 percent to 45 percent
did something unprecedented and read a book tonight.
Thank you for the shoutout and spreading the word about Karl Rove in "The Daily Transformation."
S/O to all my DJs, All DJs breaking records... Yall give us fuel
"Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory."
I'm sorry. Forgive me.
Why is it that the neighbors pooch is always trying to eat me!?!
AH HE'S GOING <33
Tonight...and tonight only...The Skiffle Minstrels are playing live at Lindy Fix! Swing out till you drop! Lesson with John and Sylbie.
Miss universe Canada contestant accuses the organization for being disqualified because she is transsexual!!
Shut up...loll
INgrooves' Robb MDaniels says: The music biz needs to take back music. 's
Lots of little birdies walking around on my back porch. Without a doubt, spring is here.
USA or UK If the USA olympic team played the Kentucky bball team UK would win...
That didn't take long. USA down 1-0.
City Businesses: Clean Your Files Day is April 24, call 410-396-4511 by April 18 to register for free recycling pickup service.
hey! were an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out?
<3 When are we hanging out girl ? (:
- Would have loved to have made it down to the #Nomad but the real game starts now. !
Only 196 homicides in #Baltimore this year- lowest # since 1978! Were the criminals passed out for 2 days straight or what?
crap...stupid fat fingers
Did I ever tell you how much I *love* you?
me too!
I'm kind of worthless today. ("Today?" you say....)
I totally agree.
If only, if only.
Great #MLA12 roundup! So glad #dh #altac #elit folk get deserved shout outs.
Non-obvious glitch brought our Tomcat OPAC down. Troubleshooting took a back seat to simply restarting the Apache and Tomcat servers.
my fave word/phrase in any city gov't document: "errant golf balls." when I used to cover Vista for
I didn't think I could love you more, then I heard #turntoyou .
Not visiting Twitter much, must confess. Quark is a busy hive. How go your adventures in creative culinary combinations?
God determines who walks into ur life. It's up to u to decide who u let walk away, who u let stay, & who u refuse to let go.
"Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently."
lol idk but this made me laugh!!
Bored as fuck
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks
Yaaaaay! Picked up ! As much as I don't wanna leave the only thing I'm looking forward to is going home with her :D
yeah I think everybody should be 21 next year
i would if i worked there!!! I NEED TO GET AWAY FROM TRH!
Need to get Street Fighter 4. I just got my Xbox with 2 'real' games, but all I've actually been playing is SF 2 Turbo HD remix. Hadouken!
And they shot some of it in Cleveland!
Thank you 3M for the Nook won as a door prize.
4 Sonnets of Garcilaso have been set for SATB by Z. Randall Stroope to honor the first 50 yrs of FCS. Dr. Stroope conducts this debut 5/12!
looks like it has great traffic rt Omg! Perfect location for my #FoxxyChef bakery
#8Mile is on again tonight.(;
Recruiting for Taxonomy/Metadata/Content Management Specialist for a Financial Firm in Los Angeles! Email me at katie.cyboron…
“: Spurs are the smartest team in the NBA” Church.
Ended yesterday's long planning meeting by suggesting we should let proposed plans "fester." Colleague kindly corrected that to "germinate"
Today in the night of new with my dad and you friend ToñO
Watch and see how many people 'lose their ass' tmrw on the Facebook IPO. LMFAO
As I stated in my pres, mobile typing introduces errors! Thx for tweeting #EUCI. My tweety voice was silent w/o wifi.
Hey! Other than dancing, how do you love love love your stand up desk? Thinking about taking the plunge - recommend one?
great news. Congratulations!
Last dinner in Vegas!! Off to the Cheesecake Factory!! Thank goodness for their 'skinnylicious' menu hahaha skinnylicious just gets funnier
I need to make some fly business cards!
It's a matter of contracting/exposing... Give/get is something you do w/ a gift not
At state
RT : RT : have representatives attending this Saturday's...
Erthor and Krishna are literally running around 's sleeping carcass
Big day today! Our planetarium reopens at 10 am & tonight is our Star Party on the Levee w/ serving up dinner.
Fun Fact: the macchiato was invented so waiters could tell the difference between straight espresso and that with a bit of milk when serving
You are so handsome!
Not a Savannah River...I'd say Morrow Mtn. They are real expedient points and really common.
well... She didn't offer to locate a doctor for you...
Maybe and can help your cravings?
I would love to go to bed right now
who honesty gives two shits about the whole idea of it, like some high school drama bullshit
RT The win is not 's opaque statement. The win: an anti-choice power play failed in the court of public opinion
“: my pussy is the smartest girl ever.” that's what she said.
Woz may have made the computer, but we all know it was Jobs who sold it.
I totally agree It's a sad day when celebrity chefs are driving nutrition policy instead of the nutrition experts.
Good luck to you, too!
I'm joining in a little late
the cancer!
So hungry!!
Blair Levin: we can't put all our chips on reallocation of
every1 go follow for funny tweets and advice :)
the statement has been misread since it was first made in 1984 - by free, Stewart Brand meant "unbound"
I'm back with my technology
JazzWord: "Blues is to jazz what yeast is to bread--without it, it's flat."~Carmen McRae. 'NufSed.
Some facts about arthritis and the foundation to follow....let's raise awareness!
Peter Jurkin finally got some penetration.
the world wide web
Modica Associates - Innovative Protection for Today's World.
yes! mistress of library and information science. joining that #feminist revolution.
losing all lollipops
I'll buy that. MT : Bottom line: Olympics not hugely important. More important Vela is settled at new club, ready for Brazil '14 run
I agree!!
Hi friends! Happy Monday! Still casting for new MTV show! If you or someone you know uses a fake online profile we want to talk to you! RT!
. announces the Tavern League of #Wisconsin has endorsed him in the recall election.
Our last day in the office before Thanksgiving! Do you have turkey fever yet like we do?!
Cashing in insurance policies suck, but I'm glad you've got a bit of a cushion now.
Lines in the sand by Members & Pastors at my church, rethinking Christianity all together. Judgement rendered on 1 sided story.
im trying to create a gospe band who down with me lol im so serious i need a drummer a piano player a guitar player and singers
good n u
Thinking about spring cleaning? I would love to give you a free estimate on your window cleaning, Residential or commercial, DM me
is there an option for relay teams?
what's done is done.
RIP MCA. So sad! Paul's boutique is still one of my favorite albums ever!
I think needs to get on Facebook more..
I think Brandon Jacobs would be a good fit in the Burgh. Thoughts?
Fall Break - 2011 Tall Ship Day Camp - Ventura County Star
Tee shirts for the fall line are lookin' fresh
The Ritz-Carlton New York, Central Park's restaurant, BLT Market, has closed its doors to allow room for an exciting new restaurant
ur welcome babe...give me my smooch lol
Let's go lakers.
we found him! Stuck on our wall- he is ok!
RT : Tim Rugg is pinning it. Adrian Hegyvary of leading chase. Blue Train in effect w/8 laps to go.
I miss my twitter
Snow: the unemployment rate is the most important thing when it comes to an election. A barometer of the economy & presidency
Speaking today @ #ABIChicago09 Consumer Bankruptcy conference on Individual chapter 11 cases.
Lol! Leave my uncle alone, he knows what he's talking about.
RT : Did U know that 1,753 breweries operated in the US 4 sum or all of 2010, the highest total since the late-1800s? WOOT!!
For The meeting of the minds, Steve Allen spent 1 year in prep and production for one show. It's historically PBS #1, still avail on NPR
HRResourcePortal provides FREE LISTINGS for HR Professional Development training provided free by HR Vendors. Send a direct message!
I wonder why? LOL “: LMFAO!!! Parental discretion advised for next week's episode?!!! YES! Baaahahahahaha! #AskScandal”
I'm still paying back my student loans. #don'tdoublemyrate
Sometimes there just isn't a better word than beast!
(500) Days of Summer is coming from Netflix in a couple days - you should probably come over next weekend and watch it
Last nights music video shoot made me so tired.
Watched #hugo and #TheMupppets today at skool! :D #Beast!
one of your biggest fans miss ferrett!! can we be expecting an album soon?
Cut the Lawn today. Rewarded with a bottle of
"parallel park while I'm ghost riding.. Black diamonds yeah I'm racial profilin"
I need that Nike pin Kevin durant rocking
Can anyone recommend a quality, affordable online print service for business cards?
“: had someone actually rummage through my car while inside doing an order!! #helpyourself”. LOL. I believe it.
Recognize the ones that always got yo B*A*C*K bc those are the ones that u never want to leave B*E*H*I*N*D
thank you! I'll check that out.
that looks amazing and right up alley. Where are you dinning?
Wine tapping machines sound interesting but yes we need more BEER!
Maggie Smith, will you narrate the audio book of my life?
I wish my thumb was that green. My girlfriend who works for brought it back from work, leftover from a farmer's market
Was in the first audience to see #the bachelorette from
He was one of the best speakers I have ever seen
Be who you want to be, not what others want to see. Be you.
HoeLies #59: I'm a nun.
so in love with pamela love's jewelry...
Go #OWS Chicago! RT Protesters R Librarians,teachers,Vets,Airline Pilots,students,nurses,housewives, parents,hard hats. 99%, got it?
Tired of limiting your business to facebook? Call us #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
Getting ready to listen to music n one of your headphones doesnt work
Aug 4 live performance at Six Flags Over St Louis with Hope to see some of you there!
Hey Helene, We're on to #Record at Lucas' house on Thursday. See you then
Relaxin' on the bed with Jonathan sleeping on my chest.
at least you have your MacBook. My got stolen -_-
If Noel chooses Georgetown #BBN will have a mild stroke. They aren't use to losing to many if any recruiting battles since Cal has coached
done! My grandmother and step-dad died of cancer. Good Luck!
Look at me at my new desk! My first press mention!
Looks like yall having fun out there boys...lol. Glad everybodys ok...
heard on #OWS #occupywallstreet movements are CHANGING the conversation from "big govt is bad" to "wealth gap's what's really bad"
I wish lost would!
Hahaha we'd have some pretty cute babies probably.
happy birthday of 's #FM2 #cutthroat #rivals #exes. hope you have a great day! :)
no I don't think it was. We won't sweep them
I can't remember the movie, but I did see it. Plus, dude's tweets are protected.
we got 9 scores recorded for you (ohp-sf)
don't let go okay? :3
I say the same thing about ice cream. RT : Why can't I eat crepes for every meal, huh?
And in French it's "se branler le mystére", or "to jerk the mystery".
Brewers Lucroy and Gomez keep taking strikes...what's the deal!?
no. i dont know anybody whose sick or anything
Somethings u shouldd keep to yourself..
made 2 appt's this week for readings completely by Texting from and too my clients!! Isn't technology wonderful???
if I operated a jackhammer I'd be cumming all day long! It's like a giant vibrator!
Keep it 100.
Man I finally finished watching. Jordan N Rachel were crying! LOL! Jeff was going to be the target next week anyway. Whatudoing?
I GOING THERE RIGHT NOW!!
Starting to feel a ltitle fall'ish Hope everyone is doing well this Tuesday mornin.
all of us adam lambert fans! go vote now!!!!
Getting ready to head to the Future Food premiere at ! Should be very fun and interesting.
We are in Atlanta GA. feeding a few and giving away jobs. Meet us there. Location coming soon...
We wish you could too!
your> you're
I am the drunk guy setting off illegal fireworks in front of your house...during high-alert fire season. Mayhem.
hit me up yo
After the Shitty day that everyone had yesterday... I hope that everyone has an Awesome day!.
of course !
exactly my point!!! Beyond pissed!
Today's been great. Hangin' TOUGH with my boys! Loungin' on pillow pets and watchin' spongebob. I love my life..now, to make some chai tea!!
RT : ATL considers audio surveillance to track gunfire. Some SW ATL n'hoods support.
Cutest Zoo Babies
Fuck. I cant stop listening to this one Velvet teen song. Post will follow
it makes complete sense to me though, think its pretty consistent. Nice that speed no longer dominates gameplay either.
I need a vacation...
“: Oh man. RIP Ad Rock. That is fucking horrible.” oh no, this is horrible! It's truly a sad day for all.
Heading to the market in calf high socks and Birkenstock, channeling that LA/Portland hybrid swagger
happy hunger games, and may the odds be ever in your favor.
I feel like I'm in a hospital waiting room right now, waiting to find out the good or bad news.
Getting excited for 's reading Wednesday night at Porter Square Books in Cambridge She's one of Boston's finest.
Thanks to all my new followers
Yea the 1st season was awesome. It apparently followed the comics really well
Fixed it RT : Available substitutes tonight for #SportingKC: Kempin, AIYEGBUSI blah blah
sucks for me i have a shit load of birthdays coming up lol its that broke season for me lol
Perhaps the worst part about being home is the lack of Dominos around here.
Yeah, it has always been fascinating & weird to me.
#YouKnowBetter than to shave when you can wax!
swear i get more impatient every day .... not good
": very sweet ☺"<<=== I know right lol.. but most of the sometimes they can be hand full too ha haha lol.thnx
Sorry, world: taking a short and deserved dance break.
#thatcampfl Has anyone compiled a 'copyright guide' to using social Zotero with non-open-access journal articles?
we gotta have dj drops already on the song for you to accept it?
hahahaha! I would hope it wouldn't!
Nobody from Glades read my last tweet
#BreakoutKings pretty good just finished the pilot there
All good things must end
Thanks I appreciate it! If you guys ever need something made feel free to contact me through my email on my website.
damn I wanna go to that gucci mane! in Palm Beach
Me too!
how is he becoming irrelevant? What's with the jealousy?
You are so welcome. He's pretty amazing, isn't he? :-)
thats why fanny pak is in the bottom 2 again
Why must you question everything I do?
thanks TBird! Hope to run into you. Let us know what you think!
She gives the best #handjobs 😍👍
Family Guy>>
off to Portland (Oregon) with tomorrow!
Crew Neck tonight.
I'm assuming was referring to subs who don't know the domme.
ISPI MeetUp in Denver on November 11. Explore human performance solutions with a panel of experts. Only $5! www.ISPI-FRC.org Sign up now!
I didn't even need to see if there's anything else to watch, I love it! :) even though I've seen it n I'm sleepy I stayed up LOL
i wonder if is readin all of tweets xD i bet hes laughin his butt off!!!!! xD o gosh
Tweet me if your gonna be watching the Grammy Awards
How's your Monday going? LOVED the weekend - got to sleep in!
you back east? Rage!
#dtl2011 trying to learn how to twitter properly :)
Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night, Lube Nation! Give us a shoutout to your favorite location!
": Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. -Steve Jobs" AMEN TO THAT! HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!
- you can't escape it so the important thing to do is learn how to deal with it. Everyone is judged by others.
RIP Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys.
... happy bday & i'm SO glad i met you on the other side of the world!
Wait...there's a Middle Eastern guy in the game?
Thanks for the follow, Barry!
Domestic violence horrifies me. Unless it's the husband getting his ass kicked then it's just funny.
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz
If I make anyone a taco, it'd be myself. I'm hungry as hell. Fast metabolism suck donkey nuts.
Suffering Preeclampsia — After Giving Birth
txting you right now…
It was so wonderful! Gonna be a great study!
That's what she said?
And that my friends, is highschool for you.
Listening To Speech About His 3rd MVP Award He Says"This Not The Award He Want He Wants The Championship!"
Had lunch and a pleasant conversation w/ about workplace safety. #STADA conference.
At the sound of Your Great Name. JESUS, you are highly lifted up💜
So, the talent show is canceled. I was actually looking forward to performing.
Good morning #SXSW. Team #Shindig is in the house...What are you most excited to learn today?
is slicing & dicing #data with to learn more about how we can inform our community's efforts to
Every woman is wrong until she cries, and then she is right, instantly.
thanks Sarah, you too!
Do you take non-union actors? Are all the actors represented across the board? Thanks!
You only live once, but if you do it right once is enough. -Mae West
I am thankful for the little I do have
boy you a celebrity, where your followers at?? Lol lol
Thanks for all you did to make #filming a success! You're the best!
working on new shit
LOL and I was so close to 100 D:
glad u having a good time over there. Tell Duke I said whaddup. Hotel still have guards w/Tech 9's?
TEAM JESUS CHECKING IN,,,LETS GO,,,STAY FOCUS,RUN AWAY FROM THE DEVIL,,KEEP YA EYE ON GOD
Change is a comin'....
Hi Mike.. We are open to all new potential business. When is you next meeting?
Download EggDrop and give us some feedback.
never got back with me just checking on ya...
If defense aint ur thing&u throw the ball around on a whim,14 consecutive NCAA tourneys tells me 1thing,i prefer how we win
Woot! First Thurs night game of the season!
I just figured out how to get my favorite passages out of my Kindle & I love it! Today: more from that beautiful book by Abraham Verghese.
it's just all spam
All that pent-up anger is going to give you premature wrinkles, my dear. ;)
Clients, returning, current and new :) excited for the day!
Nice to see you here! TTLP, in the house! :)
After 6 hours, I finally got Microsoft Exchange syncing everything properly. It was a battle, but so worth it.
Who's excited for us to drop our new tracks in the not too distant future?
amen sister!
"The only other people called users are drug addicts" - starting the day with
. told me I smell "doggish" but I think it's him. Here's to a night of sniffing each other.
That's precisely why he's retiring. His positions are contradictory, because he doesn't understand US imperialism.
Ruth Clark's workshop 'Applying the Science of Learning' has begun!
Grateful for people who tell me that I'm doing a good job when otherwise, I am feedback-less.
only cool people wear ninja turtle shirts and american flag shorts. AT THE SAME TIME.
