It's breathtaking in person.
come on down! We can get a little rowdy in the box office...you might not be able to fall asleep
Point of curiosity/explanation: Which constituency/group/bloc pretends that Bama-North Texas is equal/worth watching?
Well maybe a Chicago Italian Beef;) RT : nothing beats a good philly cheesesteak!
Throw me a friggin bone!
thanks for the mention. Keep on leading and integrating!
I was saying I've been chatting with more people through joining up again, so it's working for me at least haha
you always think im smarter than i really am!
But you've never sent me one!
Thanks for the suggestions! Also, good to find more DH medievalists on Twitter! :)
lost toenail and am in so muchpain!
Have a bar or club you'd like to see a drink deal for? Email us-
everyone check out rich kids club. Rey supported up at the video shoot. Look for their clothes in the video
L'oreal and Victorias Secret keep emailing me. Evidently I need lip gloss and panties.
don't break a leg riding that state of Utah bandwagon
Cooler today but still beautiful at 54°F. Is it just me or has this month gone by REALLY fast?
the day is not over my friend!
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODY !!!!!!
That must be one giant blender to fit all those kids, chickens and bunnies.
alright awesome. Thanks
Nah...just trying to de-clutter things that takes up my day/focus. Trying for a week.
Ladies free haircut on Thursday from 1-3pm. Appointment only.
Sometimes I can't decide whether I need a James Agee or a Walker Evans.
Maybe I'm kinda slow but that recycling trash can looks way to much like the regular trash.
turning purple when you get cold...
Gusset plate analysis!!! Legoooo
hang with me tonight
woke up to find my body pillow on the floor again. Can't even find love from an inanimate object.
Squirt on me ah nigga funds low
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
So sorry! You'll be missed.
What a girl wants, what a girl needs is for radio stations to stop playing this awful song.
thanks for the love
I'm a homosexual. Of course I like piss.
Hey, I just met you... And this is crazy... But here's my number.. So call me, maybe?
You're welcome. And enjoy!
You ask me for free beats, and then I go to your page and the first track that plays is called "Im Getting Money"
it was beautiful
What to do when your past clashes with your future...
cuz I do care! and bye!:( but why leave?
love the application Craig. Makes candidates put some thought into their app beyond resume/cover letter.
BRITNEY SPEARS possibly joining THE X-FACTOR for $10 MILLION DOLLARS??!!! I LUV IT!!!
reports: #Rollins sentenced to 151.5 years--87 mandatory for serial rape on the job
RT We have to focus on innovations & call on Congress to do the right thing. -Rep
Other churches do it!
I know a lot of celebs got a twitter page but Joe Buddens (not gonna mention em cuz he tight lol) does entirely too much tweeting
also, happy birthday/many happy returns of the day to another good person, :)
please take a nonchalant photo
Greinke has a 1.56 ERA since the All Star Break
glad you joined our Tweet-chat! Good to see ya on there :)
I go to prom saturday
Just watched The Hunger Games , best movie ever :D
Join us this Saturday for the Cannabis Freedom March to march for our civil rights, rally to have our voices heard, and be active activists
did you tell then you have your own WHIP TOPPING to go on your coffee!!! If not u can cream me any time bro!!
. is the No. 1 seed for the NCAA tournament, they will face Mercyhurst at the Kohl Center Friday for a shot at the Frozen Four
You know my name not my story so shut the fuck up.
OMFG. BETTER WIN THAT IPOD. She was one of your first dew hundred subscribers!!
Congratulations on coming in 1st place at tonight's
In 1845, #Portland was a rest stop for traders and was marked on maps simply as “Stump-town”
What is it that we can do together that we fundamentally can't do alone?
A5: schedule just an excuse to leverage timing for programming production value. They'd be talking NFL anyway w/draft coming
“People don’t want quarter-inch drills--they want quarter-inch holes.” -Ted Levitt ...Is your team selling drills? or holes?
Can't wait to see for drinks later!
I don't want any fingerprints on my butterfly...
Let's stop reproducing and take the next step: Fucking objects. Exhaust pipes present utilitarian objects of desire for either gender.
I am baaaaaaaackkkkk!!!! Lunch? It's gorgeous out!!!!
welcome to Kc let's go big this season!
Knock Knock. Who's there! Cassette! Cassette who? Cassette your dinner, I'm sorry!
Whole new respect for Albert Puljols after Shaq Vs tonight. Class act.We need more atletes like that.
oh, school dance?! will there be live tweeting?
This is how I know I love you. It is domestic, simple as the rise in your voice when you ask Do you think, perhaps, you could iron my shirt?
Its going to be 69 degrees tomorrow guys. Wear your sweaters.
"one big room, full of bad bitches" enough said.
Wait 'til you see this thing...
I will when I can! Im on a following limit :( so I have to unfollow others that arent following me back, then I will :)
Hell Yeah...I was just thinkin doesnt he ever tweet about things that matter? ; ) Redeemed! GO PACK!
#Follow Me
Happy Holidays from all of us at WasteCap! Our office will be closed Friday - Tuesday.
unlimited designs till 31st Dec, 2011 will be charged $20 each, for any left chest or Cap logos unlimited stitch count. email: frank
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do!
This is a crazy game. What a holiday bowl game should be.
hello! thanks for the follow.
are you coming to seattle any time in the near future?
Make that money!!!
Yayyy! How have you been? :) I was this l_l close to getting you a T Swift shirt from Hot Topic the other day lol
I'm sure we both will. I feel bad for Zach having to plant the garden tonight, takes a lot of energy he doesn't have today!
Designing a new Danko Art logo in PhotoShop now. Intend to use on my new website. Will post soon. All feedback welcomed.
I had forgotten what it was like to have high quality apps on my phone. Kind of awesome.
I hate people addicted to opana.
well if you need company..;)
Naw. I'm taking my time. RT Happy birthday! U 40 yet like ???
enjoy your stay in our hometown!
If i get sick, i know who to blame.
you shoulda seen me after I pulled my hair up! Lol
that rain just won't let up
Is Jordy Nelson our number 2 receiver? He is really good.
Psh, it's sunny/hot all year round. XD
same here but dont do it its not worth it dude save ur tears !!
mindless behavior doesn't even have personal Facebook accounts
Thanks for helping spread the word about the importance of stopping the Community Care Facilities Ordinance !
Everytime I tweet I'm hungry wazup with that??
so sorry hon what type is it? Been so busy I haven't seen anyone in so long. I hope you are well:) 95 lbs gone!
i just want to cry. just to let everything out & then feel better after. it would help me a lot. d:
This Rusher can't take anymore of bullying at school. bye bye Peace I LOVE JAMES
trying to anyway. it's hard, not being a gamer and all...
Well yeah alot of shit to do, but keeps my mind busy and staying busy.. Helps me out a lot.
RT : I'm so excited. I have 15 more teddy bears all ready to take to Daniel Jaecks who is my contact at UNM Children's......
La tweet bro.
My mom cracks me up...my bullheaded ways come from her. Talking she said "I don't have time to worry about that shit" Lmao I say that too!
Flooding can be very difficult to deal with, that is why we are here!!!
wait, so people in LA actually like hockey?
turn the record over. I'll see you on the flip side #45 rules!!
haha I do that a lot...totally a bad idea!
bro never give a girl ur <3... i mean heart u can give her the other thing
#gots2chill fridays at club sugarhill. 3337 fm1960 w!!! Drinks specials are too sick
My jeans taste like sadness.
Lol some old dude was knocking on the giant vases in the mall
I look at the girls you flirt with and think to myself "Why did you leave me for sluts.?"
#TheDickVanDykeShow just makes me feel all warm inside :)
Pizza Shuttle it is! Thanks Fred
Damned hippies. RT : It has become apparent that referring to my gym back as a "dead hooker bag" will offend some people.
And they say Ted doesn't draft for needs...love that man.
I'm sure it does :) thank you! I'm so glad I talked with you tonight, have a good rest of the week! Pls don't forget to tell
There are 9 Days, 2 Hours, 16 Minutes and 35 Seconds until Christmas!
What do you mean?
Skipping biology with Karl . Lol . He crazy (:
Ah! OK I was worried something bad was going to happen to your dog if you didn't find someone. I don't have a home to take it in!
Oh I see there you unfollow people who don't tweet that often. I also see that you lack any redeeming qualities as a human
#Youshouldbeashamedif you didn't soak up tis 3 day weekend!!! But look ahead to a great week of fun Happy Hours!
The father of a homeless man beaten to death by Fullerton police joins the show at 1:06 on KOGO am and fm.
\m/ thx for backing me up
me too. i'm sitting in it now.
FYI my boss has ok'd #edcampIN and the center grove iPad camp...we'll have to chat!
The only person you should ever compare yourself to is the person you used to be.
cabin fever vs sorry 4 the wait.......... cabin fever won by 8 songs TGOD
I think I went to that party last year. : )
where u off to tonite boo :-)
is the site down? I enter my login info and just get a white blank page.
Such a heartbreaking, wasted life: ZELDA by Nancy Milford--the other half of the story.
Someone at work asked me if I was from CA, and played the banjo I said yes, he said he's heard about me and that I shred on banjo, #really?!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering, and take without forgetting. Princess Elizabeth Asquith Bibesco
Instead of Democrat "death panels" killing off grandma - Republicans just want to starve her to death!
~Our lives improve only when we take chances, and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.--W. Anderson
Dr. James Mittelman the debate over #KONY2012 isn't the use of social media but the narrative of the video
#Socialimpact is proud to announce our next fundraiser at Cavanaugh's River Deck in Philly on July 8th! All proceeds go to RT
hey Naz trust me you won't be disappointed
#nowplaying the pack vans... Got my vans on but they look like sneakers olllldd
glad you like the Mini Carafes and the 200ml bottles!
Don't hate her cause you ain't her! Lol follow now!!
the easy answer is that so many people here are from somewhere else and brought their team allegiance with them
In the end we only regret the chances we didn't take.
All Moms out there in twitterland..........HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!! Or is it MILF'ers day? Whatever the case, enjoy your day.........
I Keep iT TurnT uP When oN The Mix :)
Who needs ticket to the You Me At Six show??? We can deliver them to you today!!! Message us
Just picked up a great deal for headphones on ebay. LICKER track of the week will resume soon!
Beaded 3D Star Charm with tutorial! (Bead Jewelry Making) Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Beading Stories , RSS Feed
RT : #Pirates bullpen is 2nd in ERA, but 13th in FIP, and 10th in xFIP. There's a storm brewing.
dammit! Friday's the only day of the week that doesn't work for me. I'll be in Milwaukee for an awards ceremony.
#the BULLS look deadly......
Dont know what to do!
No matter what kind of business you have, you absolutely, positively must have a revenue strategy. No revvie, no survivee.--
het twitter dudes i'm available now, bring ur harley-sized u know what and cum n git it baby! i hate being bored n i need the $ help me out!
How devisive is to warn of "the weapons of the Left" when a Republican stresses flaws in Mitten's campaign?
I have just ordered the Hazards of Love. Tonight, the hangover's on me.
I kno I hate it
You can still use the discount code: tavern20 for 20% off your website orders, through October!
"there was no shortage of mascara when I started." -Janet Gutwitch
this awesome band from Japan is coming in November: www.myspace.com/theheiz
YEAH BUDDY
Meeting with so they can make me pretty.
Thank you so much, Walter Moreau for speaking this morning at Housing for All in Changing Times, NMCEH Conference.
I don't want an other pretty face I don't just anyone to hold I don't my love to go to waste I want you and your beautiful soul <3
Truth is #newt is the best debater #scpolls are showing a direct result of that #SCprimary Florida will also tell
that's good kinfolk.
looking 4ward to a great band practice 2night.. time 2 finish up a bunch of songs, finalize gig dates, & also setup our new photoshoot =)
looks good!
RT : It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
I know, right?!
I think it's about time to jump back into Sim City for an evening...
we may be able to arrange that
Can't reply to your DM bc you aren't following.
#joelOsteen on #PiersMorgan stated that he's against #abortion due to the sanctity of life & yet is pro #capitalpunishment. Contradiction?
Fascinating, all the same, to see these works put thru the donnish culture mill.
Nice to hear NOT say "ya know, when I was coming up..."
Crazy day always expecting the unexpected
lolol ya crazy.
Anthony Davis. BOW TO THE BROW!!
Good morning cold world
To market, to market to buy healthy eats. Home again, home again, to cook healthy treats.
quick get his number! lol, jk
well then we need to work on that wink!
Thanks for the RT!
are u going to the parade? For fiesta
i'm with a radio network in washington -- do you think your cousin would talk with us?? thanks
I hate motherfuckers that block you !
The whole freaking city smells of smoke. Wonder if the odor of No. CalM burning is distinguishable from the smell of So. Cal burning.
what's wrong babe?
Im Starting to Like more Different Types of Music (: & its not a Bad thing.
The Walker administration says Wisconsin is projected to have a $154.5 million budget surplus at the end of the biennium.
I like the idea of some connection. We're looking at the bureaucracy next week -- any link-up ideas re: that topic?
They hit Sori. Stay classy, Milwaukee. Issues warned.
Give John & Gus my BEST! Merry Christmas Sal!
and getting old means. Jobs, college, kids, relationshits, BEING MATURE and all that crap..
welp i called lets get this show on the road....#adulthood lol
Lol I love your excitement !
The universe is kind of like a big catalog and it's up to us to choose what we'd like to Be,Do,Have - Dr. Joe Vitale
No power just went out during the new jersey shore
Office is dang near SILENT this morning... #MondayBlues?
hahaha yea right try that with the big boss!
but if we get Dwight tho lol or a true pg
Nothing but the utmost respect for you and all you've done for the FGC. Good luck in all your future endeavors.
With Will & Grace, knew 25% of country wouldn't watch gay characters, so Burrows made a hetero kiss at end of pilot.
studio session... writing songs is instinctual now ... get ready for some new musik soon...
going to be packed. Wether feels good. Enjoy the game!
I agree w/one of the commenters that maybe "communicative ability" will turn out to be less morally signif than we thought.
I ended up going to Playa Del Carmen last night, which was very fun, minus the expensive fee for my ATM withdrawal.
thanks Gary, would love to come up with a similar piece for the Dollar Stretcher
Thinking about buying one of #bowwownation sis a ticket for the tour in Miami I need somebody to come with me... But never met my sis tho :/
You Ever Mess With A Scorpio?
Follow Me If You Are A Fan Of Ariana Grande
Yep it is! I hope he is having as much fun as he can!
": Once when I was ordering food a "panini" from Panera Bread I mistakenly asked for a "punani"..........."
Bus slid downtown ahead so my bus is waiting in traffic. Fml.
Tornado watch. Let me go get my popcorn. :D
cut it
I could spend hours on Seriously addictive. May need a new 12 step program.
It's cause you're a jew bagel. c;
Kevin_faulconer city council should be first to give up own pay$ for public safety!
HAHAHA SHUT UP! I WAS PISSED!
My pants now have massive skids in them, thank you too :) <3<3
you do not have any bg written Austin Mahone
Austin American Statesman reports residents burned down govt buildings in Honduras. They want the USA drug agents out after 4 were killed
We in there next year
Baltimore Mayoral Candidate Otis Rolley will be on Midday with Dan Rodricks on WYPR 88.1 today at noon!
that money won't go to the Tahoe Park pool, even though we're the 3rd most used...
New tonight: Confit duck legs with french fingerling potatoes, beet greens and rosemary. Perfection.
Feeling alone, is the shittiest feeling ever.
- Great point. I'm applying that principle right now as a matter of fact.
Plans for Brussels and Bruges this weekend!!! Can't wait!
way to go!
Glad I left school today! #stillfeelsickdoe😔
Semester done (except for the grading part).
super fabulous lunch at Son of a Gun & the Geffen tonight... pretty fabulous day if I may say so!
Last day of track ! :)
RT : May is Foster Parent Appreciation Month in Illinois. A shout out to all fellow licensed foster parents... for what you do!
good food reporting. New career?
Thanks For Following! #teamawesome Checkout our partners!
Just Saw The Cutest Couple Ever .
I know thats what is happening to mine. We go to Sylvan for help.
Suspending Ppl Over Dumb Sh.t !
we would love for u and ur family to visit us!
I'm Mrs. Butterworth's bitch
It was SO BLOOMING GOOD. What did you think? :)
should one ever celebrate in the playoffs until the title is won?
SWH is starting up a #kickball league on Sunday's in noho who's in...spread the word
let's make it happen bruh !
Have fun!
Bleh why are you so ugly? ;)
OMG RDA makes me want to be an accountant instead.
Up and at em already...early bird gets the worm!
So high I told my friend I didn't know where the bowl was, while it was in my hand.
#ILS2010 Jane Hart & Jay Cross Social In the workplace = we trust you
I sometimes open Salon articles only to close them after the first few paragraphs because of the "Read More" link - why is it necessary??
u know I can't spell
I didn't die, cry, or throw up. I'd say it was a good night.
Correction "bed" idk kno if yall were bein smart or yall jus assumed the word bed and didnt catch the typo
that's because of out advanced ordering system! You can place advanced orders from restaurants before they open.
LMAO so true!
here here ... not only is Dicko a winner, he's a humanitarian
And that just added to my bad mood....thanks.
my guy was full of shit. Line ain't bad
hey. Not saying I blame you. Not one bit Hahah
true, but hockey is a lower tier sport to them so they have fun with it. Think an NFL team would do that? No.
When I asked for some head this bitch looked at me funny
Loyalty, safety, and security; that's all us women really want.💘
You can tell the people working in #INSTAGRAM are clueless with business. If not #TWITTER, I would of man-up and gone solo.
I'm available for that, sounds like a good idea.
Why can CJ pitch in back2back games but couldn't start game 7 on 3 days rest?
Click 'LIKE' if you think 2012 is going to be a great year for you ...
lol!!!! It's ok at least they didn't lose you
Artists may also request written comments by emailing .gov.
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote – “Don’t fire till you see the whites of their eyes!” – Bunker Hill - 1775
Hi Andrew, are you interested in hearing about some PHP jobs I am recruiting for? Not sure if you are on the market.
If you fine Ladies feel ya self, cause them bitches gone hate regardless !!!
kinda inlove with your profile picture..... <3
Some how someone is changing my Gmail password, and I keep having to fix it. It's happened 2 nights in a row, now. :/
That's a cool concept. We look forward to it.
Had such a interesting evening. ;)
Red head behind Tippett. Sorry to my female followers, but had to make the notation.
thank you sweetie:)
coincidence that shoes have a waffle pattern for a sole...... Everything you do is faster with a Wired Waffle!
Dumb Dick Smoking Bitch
:] no worries we stil love ya' Lol ♥♥
Tuesday is Wimpy's payday..
oh yea God Morning!
Had a headache today so I grabbed an Ice pack for my head. had it on for a half hour until I realized it was a bag of turkey gravy.
Yes! That's awesome. :)
After waiting for more than 2 hrs we got him. Accused Vice Principal Corey Greenwood took off running when he saw us. The video
writing lyrics and arranging before I head to work....I should have about 5 new songs ready for the next Ustream !
What's Up Doc? Yeah - that Cwazy Wabbit - it's his day, National Bugs Bunny Day - the carrot cruncher debuted in 1947.
Panel on #mobile for holiday: using rewards a la preserves ability to charge higher prices in store
Wearing a V over a tank cause the school board is gayayayayayayayayay
Thank you! It's awesome! :)
Some people have conflated the The Help movie's win at the NAACP Image Awards with black approval of book's fallacies.
This is my husband: He's funny.
Congratulations to Romello Johnson, an 11th gr MICP stud., on delivering an outstanding speech Ford Theater oratory competition finals.
FOLLOW ME:: ii_shauneerss :))
Hi. Did you get my e-mail Sir Mix A-Lot? I may be attending your shindig with Victoria ;-)
I just don't know. How do you help someone who doesn't want your help? What do you do when you can't do anything?
nope. no way to forget
Rick Perry thinks The No Fly Zone is the area above a man's waste.
nice! Have fun! We have a regatta in Michigan tomorrow. :)
Repo Games is great!
So what you think of the #SilversunPickups album? My least fav so far but Im sure itll grow on me. Couple solid tracks IMO.
No problem ^-^
because your going to go shopping there and then be brooke! i know i should i must apply soon :')
Don't we all!
I'm sorry.
You'd think these guys were playing on Soldier Field in November the way they're dressed.
I just had a craving for a Christmas cookie and I ate a bag of brocoli instead. I feel invincible.
Recognize #HATERS HAVING ANGER TOWARDS EVRYONE REACHING SUCCESS! RT
#MLSFirstKick Kasey Keller thinks the national anthem is not being sung as well as it was done in K-town.
-thanks for the shine. ; )
Peace of mind really reflects on our existence.
I took so many drugs for this cold and then for my allergies. I've tied on so many drugs today. I swear I'm not making sense.
Either we have a ghost or a plumbing problem. Toilet flushes at random.
WOW! 1345 Times Thats Awesome! Sad to see Hollie Go! :( I Love Philip So Hope he win!
I am hungry
Re-drop RT : Hey is here. I'm waving at you from the crowd lady. Thanks for bringing the rock on the radio!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 30
I followed!
I hear it all the time ;-) RT Class in 13 minutes. I'm hearing the "hurry up and get home" Ferris Bueller music in my head.
OSBLN members: Get your nominations in for the 2012-2013 Exec. Board positions!
Clean up something
man its called thermos haha..
crunch time ...
lost keys...FOUND. YES!!
When I say I want a tall iced mocha in the morning, what I really mean is that I want a tall chocolate milk. Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
A few more hours before kickoff! We've got some great #raffles to give away-- not to mention the #froyo! Shops at
very true
Cold isn't the half of it
can i get a shoutout pretty plzzzzzzzzzzzzz
RT : RT : Exercise daily. Walk with the Lord!
The hulk because I love giant things that make me scream
library books... I am already overspent on my budget of $2200
BED TIME. FOR REAL. GOOD FORKING NIGHT, YO.
Changed my FB page to Jo Snow Syrups...hopefully it will be easier to find...start having your friends "like" us..much appreciated.
Pedro's?
Tweef is when your moms ain't safe up in the social medias (Biggies Voice) ": What's Tweef?"
Signing up for classes and figuring out school stuff, got my A game face on
beauty is as beauty does.
Health food makes me sick. ~Calvin Trillin
new favorite word: riffage
Rolling thru the streets of Dallas with the lil turd jammin to that xo till we overdose
Chocolate Theme Play Room, for those of you who enjoy the world of BBC as part of your lifestyle activities. Now sponsored by Playcate.com!
I saw my homie today and he asked for an autograph, I told him give me your number. Nothing changed, I'm the same Lito.
I think i remember you having a particular disdain for the remake. :)
Now following the ever so sexy Mr. Marcus #followback :)
Big thanks to for the love on Street Sounds yesterday!
That's a wrap for this edition of MIDDAY JAZZ on !! Thanks for helping me kick off my earth day!!
Not Going To Prom
We can't wait to see you!! I get to see and Monday night at It's gonna be a good night.
im a loner but i dont give away money/ clown ass niggas, but aint shit funny/
so can't wait to be published
I'm On Twitter More Than Facebook.
follow back
Phil's coming apart at 4...
In a workshop with about 10 librarians, and half said "Yay!" when they heard where I work. That's fun.
Great idea, but too many admins operating in crisis mode to do it, in my exp.
congrats girl :)
Check out this new Q&A interview library site of veteran entertainment industry professionals that is coming soon at www.actorbizguru.com.
Do you have your phone?
I'm not a coffee person. It's going to be a productive morning or else.. Or else I'll be falling asleep standing. It's possible.
Ensembles participating in our Youth Choral Festival: Sounds of Sweetness from Walter Payton College Preparatory High School.
Yes it is, thanks for the suggestion!
Team Jlp all the way.. Showaaaaaa!!! :-)
I wonder what he thought was a good hnd n that spot....very weird hnd..first hnd I saw him ply...folded...what do I beat, lol?
thanks so much :)
The Flyers are flying high right now - they lead 50-38. Do the Gophers have a run in them?
‎My mission in life isn't merely 2 survive, but 2 thrive; and 2 do so w/ some passion,some compassion,some humor,and some style.Maya Angelou
i like Captain America(" but thats rrreeaallyy good!! <21
i love you too mad-dawg!!
God is still in control...trust in him and dont worry about it.
On flip side, HE may be pushed by such students MT A6: Students could gain expertise in the cloud services used in college
For those hoping was behind the cryptic videos, he worked the dark match.
Reading Richard Troxell's new book "Looking Up at the Bottom Line" - an amazing, dedicated advocate for the homeless in Austin
A wondrous gift indeed, to be treasured and used as much as possible!
Prezis are the peacocks of the academic world, all show and no meat.
Check out the Peace Quest site www.peacequest2020.org PEACE DAY 2011 - May 14, 2011 Don't Miss It...It's FREE!!!
thanks, excited to get in touch with some other photoshelter people on twitter, let them know we're on the Twitter bus!
"Invisible, intangible, and [an] artificial being, a corporation ... is certainly not a citizen" Justice John Marshall, U.S. v. DEVEAUX 1809
thank you Twitter for sending my those lovely spam DMs and blaming it on sweet innocent people.
Or a snow suit.
Vote on "Music Friday" artist 4 this Friday a.) Johnny Cash b.) Queen c.) ELO d.) Fleetwood Mac e.) Rick James - send vote to
Been drinking deep from the firehose at 's sales #kickoff12. Lots of innovation happening here.
I find that offensive. Hoe.
Ijuz got lokey tired pity's know where Doe..
People are so judgemental. Everyone so quick to post their opinion. Paid professionals met in court made a decision. Shut your mouth or ...
You forgot me!
I just want to go home and sleep 😔👎💤
: My calls were definitely not 'marching orders'. They were broad requests that seemed tense in tone because I was freaked.
So today my hair is more of a burgundy color.. I wanted red. Guess I'll be coloring it again!
I spoke no lies when I told ya I'm a lost cause.
I don't even know what to say
#Cuba rebuffed our requests for journalist's visas for #PapaCuba; No prob. #elnuevoherald.com is rocking; and our paper is a keeper tomorrow
first accidently unfollowed...you can fix tht. 2nd got your nonsense tweet the other night. wsup folk. I knw u miss us
The other day I was wondering if it was weird for me to LOVE the smell of fabric softener.... guess not ;)
#edcampis flipping classroom; thinking about tips for video / audio quality; consistent intro's & conclusions; making content reusable
The # people groups unengaged worldwide by Christian orgs has declined by 86% in last 6 yrs Steve Douglass
oh, thanks girl! (:
that link didnt work?... have another? thx! Tom
Awesome to be back in great Twitter Community Stream! =D RT It's great having you back in the stream. : )
Is your company looking at mobile training with video? Does the message resonate or should training be in a more formal setting?
LOL thanks for your expert opinion
I hate when Walmart only has like 3 lanes open
Today we are playing in BALTIMORE, MD @ THE OTTOBAR. Doors are at noon!
Everything I've learned has either been from self-study or learning on the job. So, it's possible.
I don't even know what's his history with her so I can't say anything
Last 4 days to sign up for this special event! Book Law & Order: 2 week Law & Order CI workshop w/ Head CD Kevin Kuffa 3/12/11.
yea I know that base im at macdill afb in tampa
Good Year Facebook:) Great news Azure College is accredited by ABHES.
Did Adele change her dress?
Convo with my mom reminded me of why moms are our first mentors. Happy Mother's Day to all moms & single dads!
Hope you all have fun at #c4l12 (Code4Lib 2012). I'm going to follow your tweets!
Don't think so plenty of very active forums out there reddit, somethingawful are some general examples but lots of niche too
Big Bill salutes our veterans on this Veterans Day! They called me Kaiser Bill during WWI, but I was always the doughboys' best friend.
yes you are!!!
People should get married, and let me sing at their weddings.
Working on it right now. Thanks for the heads up.
Aw, I'm sorry :( It took a ton of begging, cleaning, and an hour of church for them to say yes
If you're UNC why would you hire an assistant with no coaching experience/recruiting ties?Wouldn't an operations role be better at first?
Must say five finger death punch gets me motivated to work out
Anyone else noticed the increase in Twitter spam lately? Step it up
the twist in the knight/cage flick would be that it was actually good and Nick's wig was real. Film title: "Unbeweevable"
yeah it was really good seein you too! We should smoke a blizzy sometime
On ground in El Paso on way home to San Antonio
#Signature is now following the best comedy spot around
i didnt know dominique was chinese!
Open daily April through December, closed January through March
Use a variety of techniques and methods to engage the learner and meet their needs
one decision could change one persons life so would you stand up or stand down?
oh erykah badu... you sexy lady
yea you right
I'm not at schoo now, I mean I would love to be at school now, and yeah Im having exams in 11 days too.
nice pic I like look of gown you wearin
Cop: "When is your birthday?" Drunk Teen: "September 25." Cop: "What year?" Drunk Teen: "Every year!"
HD drum cover of In the Face of Death by being processed right now. ;)
Wishing you all a beautiful, blessed Thursday! :))
#Someday I will meet
i cannot get warm today. i went to work and thought my office was going to stay warm, but i thought wrong...................
check out how I use it live, Facebook.com/rawkadeus has a video of "bones." an original song featuring the synth.
Shout out to the staff: , , , & Cordell - peeps be rocking today.
private account?!
This twitter fight is lame Af! Ima go shoot myself in the head nao~
Thank you! :O)
Don't forget Uncle fucker
Noted. Tracking your flight, so no worries. :)
How goes it my friend?
You haven't lived until you've seized a beer vendor by the mullet.
THE FREAKING WORLD IS NOT GOING TO END by the way I'm not screaming I'm just making sure u see what I'm writing kk bye
Coyote ugly!
You know...MJ's Secret Stuff lol RT : LMAO space jam juice?
Reading Brian Greene. Love his marvelous way of explaining physics.
Yoga saved me from my over the top workout the other day. Why Why Why do I have to over do everything?!?!?
I've had a bad day,and it would make my day a trillion times better if followed me<3
hey! thank you for the follow. make sure to "like" us on facebook too!! we love you
FYI. Chicagoland drivers really suck.
cool RT : lemme know if y'all wanna get a tee too I'm gonna email for quotes!
i need u, i want u, i must have u, u buy me everythng and i love spending time wth u shopping ........."MY MONEY"
time for #Packers fans to start fantasizing of compensatory picks in the 2013 #NFLdraft!
Will Smith Attached to Remake of 'Colossus: The Forbin Project'
Happy Mothers Day to the strongest and most beautiful woman in the whole world my Mommy ♥ I love you so much!
RT: Amen! RT : Ur most beautiful voice is the one where you share your truth from ur heart w/out sugar coating it.
I'll give you 3 guesses what 1 player has ever avg'ed 8APG playing w/ Kobe.
Back to working on that pear-shaped physique I've always dreamed of having.
omg wht r they arguing abt
"When we walked into Friendly's, we saw Morgan Freeman."
I was surprised to see my college had a full page add in Newsweek…way to go #UNI!
I agree 100% with that and everything you said about her afterward! “: That was Aubrey's firing to be had! #CelebrityApprentice”
Trying to sell furniture on Craigslist but all the buyers are scammers! Any recommendations for sites that let you sell stuff locally?
no you was looking for all the porn in it you effin #SEXFIEND lmao
hes at this radio station
It's good stuff. I played that hole years ago when I covered the Gator Bowl. So cool.
Fox seems ready to go to make the movie, it appears they're waiting on Reynolds since he has been such a major player.
I remember seeing this! A lot of folks complained about the campaign because they used the word "puking," right?
Moving to iCloud before upgrading to OSX Lion was a bad idea.
Sorry. I'm unable to stop making fun of stupid stuff.
hahahaha i ll do so :D
I know! I love pink roses.
I think we will be there Friday!!
Junior Seau's mom is so sad, but I dont understand why this is on national television.
Just asked my hubby & son re Madonna - Son=Candyland; Hubby=strip poker. Go figure.
love your designs!
How to catch a squirrel? Climb up a tree and just be yourself
Today going super straight actually had fun with my mama,brothers, and my baby sis
i <3 listening to music
I fucking hate you guys now I wanna watch it like 10000000000000000000000000x more.!!!
OMG HenryNews only posted one update!!! Now that's News
Great job Rene Syler IN articulating the feelings of working women who don't disrespect stay-at-homes!!! on #CNN right now!
RT : #spectrum crunch is the hot topic today at #mmtcforum <-- it's important ,
No more magic for the #Magic, Go #Pacers!!! Let's end it in Indy
I'm glad you satisfied your spoon needs
Happy Peanut Butter Lover's Month!
lol i guess
Kepler Lucas :I'M CRANKY THIS MORNING SO DON'T TEST ME!
you got that right! and we should! love you too!
RT Hoorah!Mobile App is now available Android&iPhone Download for projects,deals,coupons that can be scanned from the phone!
Living a life filled with compassion for others creates transformational experiences for all.
Why would you even say that... You stoop so low. Get over yourself.
you get both
looks yummy!
Trying to get shoveled out
Read what everyone is writing about the #NBA #Playoffs! USSportspages.com
Thanks so much for listing us!
I guess the myth is true those innocent cheerleaders is really
that is the most amazing drawing ever!!!
Can't wait! RT : Calling all DC area fashionistas: We're hosting our first Twitter chat TODAY at 7pm w hashtag
Agreed. I think he's talented (sort of), but he's also been convicted of domestic abuse.
"so juicy" or "great smile"? Lol
i'd tell him to go away cause idgaf. Hahaha. He was talking to me and was like i see you're improving. Keep it up.
Lazy Sunday! What are you guys up to?
hmm...livingsocial seems to have some 1 hour downtown massages here and there lingering around $45. pretty good deal!
So good!
Was browsing the NFL Shop on NFL.COM. And found they have the official draft hats for every team except the Packers.
Moment by moment. Smile by smile.
Why is it that energy is so difficult to collect and so easy to use?
Twitter's down again. Quickly, let's all tweet about it!
HA! I knew saying I was bored would come back to bite me!
he posted a video of his "new" song..."let me show u how your p_$$¥ works"
imma google you... (shoot that joke didn't work!!!)
have a lot in mind what can I say lol
Broncos PR guru Jim Saccomano says hi and takes off. Peyton still here? "I don't know" he says.
hello jordan How's your day? :D
Why is #GooglePlus so fkin lame and boring???
This ratting on Obama ridiculous!! This country/ whole world!! lucky to have him! For my left wing friends: go get YOURSELF elected!
Lou Williams is a cold dude.
Loving the weather in the ATL today...might need to move to Seattle...
thanks I try!
Peniel Joseph: President Obama is a metaphor for the evolution of American democracy.
I've taken 173 photos on my iPod!Good practice for me wanting to be a photographer!!! :D
At the Asian World Market with my lola(grandma) we are shopping for ingredients to palabok! Yum!
RT : will have an info booth at dinner tonight. They provide tix 4 sporting events to people with disabilities.
This conversation >>> ♥
theatres are still being added, make sure you check back!
Birthday is Happy B-day Hammer
PEAK STATE!
Well. I didn't want to talk to you anyway,
Wow, Kiko sounds like a real intelligent fella.
You know in 100,000 years we will be being unearthed on the new national geographic channel.
New Broken Water on is clearing out the cobwebs and replacing them with Pollock-style color splashes.
Next scheduled Wisconsin Concealed Carry Course is November 23rd. Contact me for details!
And that ON MY MAMA
What is on Weeks hand a sliding mitten??
It's deep how you can be so shallow And I'm afraid cause I have no fear And I didn't believe in magic Until I watched you disappear
I had a lot of fun yesterday at the / I even split a Brick of frys with some friend. Good Times
Watching Dan Wheldon's memorial service. Sheesh, heart wrenching.
oh “ She can get dicked down and ate up ..”
WAIT - it's not over yet!? It is true...We extended our $50 Spa Week specials.Take advantage of round two until October 23rd!
Another great week with
Heading to Bakersfield on the 30th of this month. Looking forward to seeing our friends in the central valley! Lospochos.com
what time do you want us tomorrow?
Another weekend of sunshine ahead says the weatherman. Inquire with us on our special weekend promotional rates. www.vancouverwahotel.com
bitches be crazy
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether u only wanna call when it fits "your" schedule.
Nice to know we see things in the same passionate way!
I DRIVE YOUR TRUCK! This song is gonna be HUGE! Everybody download this album!
see me for your Navigator!
Who doesn't? MT : & apparently like getting tweets from people who disagree with them (respectfully).
": the "MFA to art star" system is long dead. You need not be an MFA to succeed in the art world." Fingers crossed.
jaykay i thought it was sunday...
twitter party today Btwn 8-9pm EST! Stop by if you want to qualify for the love themed voxbox! Hashtag :
Must they be Western canon and/or novels? Shamara and Other Stories by Vasilenko might be of interest, though not obv feminist.
And I think some caterpillars are poisonous.... not sure!
dude, thats wild!
Thanks to and his dope music:), I know of Allen Stone who I'm going to see in Portland this Sunday! $%#! Yeah!
Still don't understand how a grown ass man would be scared of a teenager with skittles.smh
Kids keeping you up? Hope they feel better...
Go girl! RT : Who wants to volunteer at the animal shelter with me this weekend?
Today, Mar 13 @ 5 PM PST | Question Reality | LA Talk Radio | Georgia Reed, Actress, Dancer | www:latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Why hate on Santos? It seems he's made to be the reject gay.. Isn't the whole point if our community to accept our diversity?
let's do it!
lol when is this supposed to be?
Bought two new phones today, not iPhones due to disaster with iCloud on the iPad.
Now they're all gone like nothing had happened. What is the deal here??? Has this happened to anyone else?
good luck to you man!
Oh. That's dumb. People can express themselves however they want.
Did #Facebook pay $100 million per employee for #Instagram?!
Looks like the critter my bil found at his parents house in far ne heights. He was very intrigued by it.
"Hard-bitten honesty of Ryan Adams." Oh my god What the fuck Laughing out loud Rolling on the floor laughing.
Thanks for the #FF love & !
lol ay the DJ said no English but she end up puttin it on it was crazy fun yo lol aunties daughter was goin crazy wit us lol!
bestfriend is leaving school next year, horrible headache, and i have to choose between 2 of my closest friends. great.
it was great meeting you this weekend! Thanks for taking the time to chat with me
I Just Got my Twitter account. I can start tweeting. Ya
A HUGE congrats to you my friend on your new adventure/gig with ! So excited and proud of you!
sweet. Its a quality event they run there. Your life sucks man. Work on that
you're a brand new bitch.
Good point.
Happy Birthday CEO!! Even though the Red Sox had a poor, very poor start to the season, they're only 5.5 games out of 1st place. Go Sox !
I'm going to visit Cedar Hill Dairy tomorrow morning...can't wait to try some artisan cheese and hug some jersey cows
Tom Brady will be fine, to early to freak out.
I #LOVE that is loving everything! Love makes the world, life itself and you especially into something #wonderful!
Hey how ya doing mama? Staying busy?
In need of a summer job :(
I am so drained right now.... I need some home cooked Caribbean food
Good morning!
all the magazines photoshop demi's pics like a lot.
If you could only bring 1 fitness accessory on an extended backpacking trip, what'd it be? I'm thinking my speed rope.
next week
I'm not saying it's bad I'm saying the retrofit 3D is poorly done. You would be better off renting the DVD
Don't waste your vote on an "imaginary candidate"...you may as well not vote!
Haven't tweeted this till now as I was waiting for the police to advise me. On Thursday night my dog Enid, (a (cont) ...
Had a student today tell me that I get excited and drool a little whenever I mention posthumanism. God, I hope she's right.
also wish a happy happy birthday!!
OMG. You must watch. He's so wonderful.
i know :'( im still gonna come and lift but i really wanted to run the 100m hurdles by the end of the season!! it sucks
Happy birthday to me Today!!! I'm the big 29!! Woo all smiles 8-)
#thatonepersonwho always has a joke to crack and a giant hug and a cookie for you when she knows you're about to lose it...wait that's me :)
My Dope Be Shining Like Its Yellow Diamonds....Who...
Must play WCW/NWO Revenge for N64, no clue why....
On my way! You guys still there?
Time to go
so sick of doing school work. is it summer yet?
Uh oh....thanks for the warning!
... anything to help clean or anything so you'll just have to be hungry cause when we get food we'll get food." -___-
OMFG MY TWITTER WAS HACKED
or better yet if it is really good keep, just brand it with your .net that u should own and maybe get others urls to brand it up...
That was the most stressful minute ever
Tornado sirens are sounded at this time? Why? With what right?
Thanks, also, for the NSR coverage
My pleasure RT : Thank you to and for guest hosting with me tonight!
I must say it is def refreshing to see something different for a change..
Hello, Chicago!
AQUS is trying to go now, watch L2...
Funny how that works. The Mecca and the KNicks havent won a Championship since the early 70's. We are DUE!
Just the tiniest ounce of maturity is so rare these days and also highly prized by me. It makes a person extraordinary.
everyone please follow my dear buddies > they are very sweet, nice, and cool
« I hate losing more than I like winning. 😡»
Mike Mowen, Sound Designer is wrapping up dialogue mix for the film.
Scutaro just got his 1,000th hit for the #RedSox in the 7th- it is looking good for Wakefield to get his 200th win.
I swear i HATE when ppl make up excuses !!
Strong game for Michael Beasley in the win over the Clippers: 27 points (11-15), 3-3 from deep, five boards for good measure.
we are working on our new website www.lacrasiagloves.com do you have any suggestions?
See Pretty Lights, Neon Indian, Miami Horror, Empire of the Sun and more on Governor's Island today
I just finished my homework ! #SoTired :[ , it's 2 AM, I'd better go to sleep, good Night everyone! ( ü )
get better soon!
Floyd looking all beat up lol
I might be wet from the rain but I"m still alive :-)
Awesome :) 911 Turbo S? Was it as fast as they say??
You wish what??
Rough but good.
"The world's smartest man poses no more threat to me than does its smartest termite." :D
that sounds deeeelish. Yes, please!
yes, Your #MLA12 panel on game studies will Go Directly to Yale!
in vegas waiting for my tourney this afternoon.
what I do for camp rock 2, just cleaned my mums whole house top to bottom for it....
working on #crashingbroadway this morning.... tuning vocals up and then mixing time later today...
How long is it acceptable to keep somebody on hold? I'm talking to you, You're about to lose my business.
Merry Christmas Eve , I better see you under my tree tomorrow :,)
Have you tried John's double chocolate raspberry cookie yet? So good, it will make you weak at the knees . . .
I now have over 3,000 Followers! YIPPEE!!!
Both Chapman (Lennon) and Hinkley (Reagan) were known to be associated with the same facility of MK engagement in Honolulu.
thank u:)
i aint know you had a twitter lol
some jackass probably flipped the alarm, or someone was smoking. That's usually what happened at my school
the dude is 28 and they have a QB just as good, if not better than him...
Would like to be cuddled up during this rain...
you right, it will be
I'm such a terrible student. I feel sorry for my teachers
Lemme not got too started tweeting creative slogans for my clients and colleagues. It's the writer in me! dmp
i co sign this!!!
Kobe best player in the team #justsaying lol
YES! RT : A1 Sometimes collaborating means helping someone in biz you admire without knowing what the immediate return
now I know what your new name is !! It's not BestArianator anymore !
are you here yet? Lol I'm in the Parking lot -_-
Off to Knockouts! Time for some
Put all your towels in the laundry...then take a shower! It sounded like a great idea at the time...
I have tests in every class tomorrow..
Dodged a traffic bullet on 64E
There's about 100 words to describe me right now, none of which are pleasant. It's going to be a long day.
Thx for the mentions, wonderful tweeters!
and ur one of them o_o
- Great to see you're lovin' your major. #KeepTweetin'
i think it's so gross that people drink milk on purpose.
Thank you for following me! I am now following you as well. GNR!!! \m/ MERRY CHRISTMAS & HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Justin Biebers hair comes from s beard.
ohh edward already bumping into me and shit.
RT : Going to to get my haircut.....Supporting ! ;-)
Mind over matter
Turkey could invoke NATO assistance since it is a member, and can request support for processing refugees, border patrols and defense
No LeBrick slander for me tonight. I'm switchin' to this baseball game.
#top10Lies The CIA is not responsible for the distribution of crack cocaine.
All you need to do is sell ONE COPY of your book for ONE MILLION DOLLARS and you're a millionaire. ONE. COPY.
you look gorgeous!!!!
apologies, just seeing your tweet. stepped out but heading back to conference space in a few minutes if you're still around!
Happy Birthday shoutout to
. got the most addictive record out.
I have 2 under 4 and work full time too. fun and frazzled sums it up.
Attending a very informative webinar on blogging at
BUT the Packers D gives hope! And Rodgers too! He's 3 x better than #4. Get it? Cause Rodgers is # 12. My new favorite number.
These past three starts have Minor dangerously close to minor-league demotion. Shocking, given his dominance prior to this stretch.
Rage is good Alf! Perhaps it is time for me to do another book!
HOT PRODUCER outta #RVA..send me a email..i can send u sum #BANGERS..dont miss on dis new
I believe the #custserv should tackle one channel at a time before rolling out apps. Conquer and proceed
My goal is to see you this year.. at least once!
Only 15 minutes left to vote before the polls close. Have you cast your ballot?
Slim McGinn's has the new Lakefront Snake Chaser on tap. $15 for a pint, you keep the glass and a t-shirt. Yes please.
Me too. RT : on Spoon.net, not possible to try out IE -- this was what I hoped to be able to do, I'm a MAC person!
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. ~ Albert Einstein
3 more followers!!!
sure thing, happy to send! DM your shipping address. anyone else for A NATURAL WOMAN?
whenever a teacher asks for volunteers in class I'm going to end up yelling "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" #hungergames is eating my life.
thanks for the heads up, we'll be on the lookout for it!
#furchat thanks hows the chat going? I'm gonna catch the tail end, working away on website - should be live today/tomorrow!
Back at #a11ysummit :integrating accessibility across devices
hotter than tatter tots?? :O
you & your mom both. whens the next time your free? cause ill bring him to see you! Im gonna need your address too for the wedding
Give it away.
fixed it with "open all with current extension as" of course, but Sass should probably also have its own native highlighting.
I hate the nights I can't sleep and I got nothin better to do
We need to catch up!
Cello Fury at the Garfield Artworks! 8pm tonight!!!
Huff introducing SB 1059 for Rep Caucus: He's critical of rubber rooms, unaware his bill would mandate rubber rooms in all school districts?
2 months till the
You think a noon start down here in Chicago is gonna prevent that?
You are happy to be #alive #Livelovelaugh Everyone
north Chelsea
Great presentation. Congrats on the new gig. If I can pick your brain Subway is on me!
#ThingsMyExSaid Give me another chance
dude, i loved that movie
Come see us and learn about treatment for your back pain at the Addison Wellness Expo at the Addison Convention Center today and tomorrow.
Good Morning. Or as we say on the Secret Service, "Why are these hookers still here?..."
Swear I hate em : These blurry Avi's gotta chill
thanks Man!!! and dont forget me.
awesome advice Angela!
Anybody know how to contest a fraudulent purchase on your itunes account?
You gotta know your wanted.
#ff future owner of Arsenal, on FM :)
Is getting McDonalds breakfast worth the stomach pain?? YURP...
That's what I hear.
You wanna text me back?
I'm stunned at the outcome of these games today...
Maybe I've grown magnanimous and less niggardly in my old age, but I'm pretty sure we were tied for top Wordmaster.
at the uncles house
My tummy is making me want to use the bathroom but I can't use it because SCHOOL TOILETS ARE NASTY AS FUCK!
Marquee Mondays with Killing it.
you really shouldn't drink and judge. It's not pretty. #thevoice It's Simon and Jennifer Hudson all over again.
what's your social security number?
Wow, well there u go! Oh, and if the Titans stomp on the terrible towel again, they should be banned from the NFL!! hehe
I love dot, and have found it perfect for generating graphs from dynamic data. Looking forward to 's video.
that's awesome dude. I'm gonna get the cancer ribbon on my upper arm with my mothers passing date on it.
honestly, I was just tired of being left out, so I'll take what I can get. When I have a tablet to worry about, I guess I will...
silly cats....
I take serious issue with using policy like this to fund stuff like education. Unimaginative and harmful.
im all around annoyed and seriously frustrated...
Good and fast.
at least you get less done in less time...
Novo coffee and savory croissant from - great start to the day.
Caramelized onions, and much more!
Android IAP is a nasty bitch to get working. The error messages mean exactly Zilch.
Game 3! Let's go #HEAT!
With the power of #PRAYER there is nothing I can't accomplish... Tha homie showed me that..
CODY IS KING
Happy birthday, ! You were just mentioned on NPR as an alternative to Google.
citations for english papers <
Tonite w/ Tim Luntzel Brooklyn Boogaloo Blowout at Red Lotus Room Bklyn 1am. Start time pushed back for a singing wolf act.
Only 2nd period and I lost my yellow card.
Or phrased differently, "think twice before you fund independent projects anonymously."
Thompson would rather draft than sign big names. It's the difference between him and Ron Wolfe.
if my mom do this one thing for me i would forever be grateful because im in need of it lol
Ashleigh has developed an excellent program about believing in your own power and following your dreams! Has 4 assemblies this week!
City Market area misses you. Lol
Who Can I Trust In This Cold World ? .. My Phonie Homie Had A Baby By My Ol' Girl
seriously. this. dude.
Never be afraid to try something new. Like spending every Thursday night with us!
Come do something for us in vegas nigga! <3
I love being able to say, "my office". Let's see how long that lasts.
The most amazing thing about the human mind, is its capacity to repeatedly love, love and love again...even after the hell its been through.
PRODUCT OF THE DAY!! Forever Royal Jelly: Boosts energy, supports the immune system! Easily absorbed and readily digestible!
Sebastian Ingrosso's podcast is good. What do you listen to?
yea that is sad that anotherr close family member is leaving but its definitely an honorable thing to do
wish they weren't sold out, guess I'll just get in trouble for watchin Laugh At My Pain at work lol
:P ha
Nice to know it was their servers. Not my excessive additions of titles and descriptions.
lol it looks cool. they are green
Turkey FEST begins!! COME cheer 4 BRONCOs & enjoy a giveaway w/ the 101.5 The Truth Radio during pre&post show! All on THANKSGIVING!!!
We've got your HH plans, join @ Bar Louie from 4-6p (at the corner of 6th and Colorado) for a FREE martini and small plate!
Sick of hypocrites. this is just fucking bullshit. people need to realize wtf they do as apposed to wtf they're bitchin at me about
- I'm teaching Mr. Bungle how to play a flying V guitar.
I suspect a lot of the votes "for" don't have gays as neighbors, or even know any.
well..maybe..a little..
.RT : Kicking off the "Defending Public Higher Ed" conference, hosted by the great folks !
Merry Christmas to the Christians, and Happy Chinese Food & Movies Day to the Jews!
": Nas murdered Hov"what was u smoking crack then listen to the takeover
“: :) hey every1 , how's every1s day going ? X x” school 
anytime let me know what u want to do and ill give u ideas
Somebody just told me to give my Drake ticket away so I could come to camp one extra day! Umm I think not!
Downtown Houston at night >>>>>
Sometimes it's a good thing to have fake people in this world. It helps you find out who your real friends are.
Instead of raising awareness of some idiot via a Twitition (that's real?) Just don't follow him & don't follow those that retweet him.
Good to know...I'm a little scared but I ate it all over Japan & never ever got sick so I shouldn't worry!
#NickiComeBack sure come back....follow me ill folow back
Nice. Hopefully they are in the same key!
Have you ever met the #ThugInACocktailDress and if you have was she nice?
Promoted with tenure!
I don't always drive like an asshole, but when I do, I'm listening to 's essential mix.
The cash register stopped working and the cashier had to manually key in over 700 coupons! But the lady saved over $900!
is anyone else having issues with facebook or is just me? nothing will load.
happy birthday to my biffff i loveyouuuu sexy <33333333333
Happy milf day
thank you! :)
no but read about the trial on Daily Beast- OH LORD_ he is fucked to the rafters by his own hand mind you
Awesome! Thanks for taking the time to read my new book. As you probably know, this one's not for the kids. ;-)
So glad brought on Preston Wilson to reiterate the most obvious things in the game. I call capitalism. Let me try that job.
EyeSeeVideo.com monitoring from your smartphone is EASY, plug and play. One lucky FEI twitter follower will win one, 3/31/11 Could be U
You had a link to a review. I went there and couldn't find it. Not on your website.
what are you doing in DC? Going to the Rangers / Captials game tomorrow afternoon?
ice isn't good to chew on yet, i still chew that shit : /
Good grief! Where are his parents? Wonder if they know he's at your door!
Watching Jones/Evans again. People claiming Chael Sonnen is the answer are dumb, he has NOTHING JJ can't handle.
Quebec gangstas... i don't know if I can survive DAT HOMIE! BTW... when do I get to vacation in Quebec at your casa? :D
Is lip syncing the cool thing to do for your superbowl halftime performance?
Stats from Sun Prairie clerk: As of Monday night 9.4% of the city's registered voters had voted.
Ugh why must he act like an ass lol
We have the #bestfans! RT : What a nice morning someone in front of me & they treated me to my breakfast :)
My PC politely told me "Twitter was overwhelmed" I had to log on later !
Who to follow? That is the question. In search of professional mentorship...
Excellence! Allen and my gurl Tisa Wills..#sangin and acting! My God Today
thanks for joining us this weekend!
Jonathan Lucroy is trying to look like Ben Foster.
So much going through my head.. So many changes are about to be made hopefully..
Tired-leaving unpacking till tommorrow. Thankful to be in my bed w/ blankie, warms my heart knowing cuddled w/ her hubby in it.♥
Get on that dick. You get that money, go Oprah for me.
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment ?Ten ants !
Maxin and relaxing... big year ahead personally and professionally. Lots of weddings to shoot and magazine submissions. #Versatile Photog
“: i ask my self that EVERY NIGHT!” Haha it's a horrible feeling!
Obama not truthful that he has increased oil drilling. Fact: drilling permits are DOWN 36% since he became President.
oh, okay.
At a talk by Robert Greenstein of addressing whether policy makers are actually making #poverty worse.
you know you love it, everyone loves a good mentioning.
Im who he chose...i love you babe :)
Hey sweetie! Hope you are great!
Recording our homie and he's going hard on the beat
I've lived in roxbury for 20 years and nothing has ever happened to me either but I don't hang out on BHA -quality of life
The topic is recycling now. (Sorry).
Why do I suddenly feel like I've been hit by a bus?!
Absolutely! Are you in Atlanta? Yes, I'll let Angelo know...blessings!
“: think I'm about to go plank in my bed (: goodnight”
On the way to present Pokatok to the Pomona Valley, CA, Boys & Girls Club with Cal Poly Pomona Latino/Greek athletes leading the way.
RT : If you have any new/gently used shoes that you'd like to donate, drop them in the Soles 4 Souls box by the front desk by 7/30!
The little miss has a Spring cold. She's a mini snufalufagus. Luckily it has had no affect on her appetite or energy. She just keeps going.
i cant belive we made of a week of no school in summer vacation,i have a feeling summer vacation is gonna go by fast.."No" :(
#FearTheBeard that was SICK
Caleb's Wars by the wonderful David Dudley. It's great so far!
on what that "Tony Montana" dnt just make your shoulders jump tho every time you here it???
Thanks for following my twitter Rim. Best of luck on your way to Zen living.
Can't believe tebow is taking first take & sportscenter away...
Of every 5 hands I'm dealt, I'll play one.
Even the most violent critic will soften in the presence of a patient, sympathetic listener- b silent & let the cobra dispose its venom
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does
Had to tell my mom why is famous today :(
lmao xD so i still remember the toys r us thing we were talking about lmao xD
cannot wait to visit when I am Seattle in a few weeks. Which location to choose?
Are you talking about ?? Aww how cute! ;p
hey, Rock Center on NBC tonight has segment re #concussions in female soccer players.
Never let yourself get fooled by someone who tells you one thing but their actions do another....
see you at Ticketstock tomorrow....
"Life is just a bitch, a bitch is like a hoe. Hoes want the money, money come and goes."
Hi 'Jimmy', I'm always up for a few cold 1881's after work at Sam's. Tomorrow? Ask to join.
JUST FINISH MAKING MY SCHEDULE FOR THE FALL SEMESTER....FINALLY SOME REAL CLASSES...
I absolutely dread going into Bath & Body Works. They ask of you need help every 5 damn seconds.
3rd set at in 10 minutes....its crazy here!!!!
Kip, you are the man. Much appreciated.
So excited about my new skorts! Can't wait for it to get warm enough to wear them!
should bring back,Surfers Paradise Street Circuit in Queensland,Australia and for 2013
I can teach you to #beatbox !!!
Just put on a bus heading north for C2E2 - solo parenting weekend begins now!
How about Superman!
oh kool...oh well...letz be friends
Thank you for your participation !
Angry Birds space is epic!
LADIES DRINK FREE 10-12 AND CAN WIN $250 IN THE MISS WHITE TRASH CONTEST
when are we going to hit the grey screen and losen up some cash...Not just steal from it. What happened to for the people.....
Did you know that gets a kick out of grossing out her colleagues w/ new derby injuries every day? Today's takes the cake.
Pretty sure I just saw a man walking along the side of the road with a shotgun. Um...
RT : E.l. James was actually charming And down-to-earth. Her fans are...devout.
I miss my so much right now. We need to tweet each other right now.
wow, the lemony appley pork loin sammy was amazing! As was the honey bacony polenta. So good!
"Life best live is life by design"
<3 the heatwave!
There are just so many things that I'll probably never get a chance to tell you. I guess it's better that way.
I warned the folks that if they didn't plan for allocation, people would not be happy. Economics was right again. Surprise!
I mean, which bloggers think they could run which corporations after playing which video games?
check out mine and my brother's vlog www.youtube.com/thetduke
Most difficult part, the first weekend.
Good Night!
The greatest productivity secret in the world is to be passionate about your work.
Buy buy buy RT : It's Monday and we are offering 20% off your entire order all day long. Hurry! this deal is Today Only!
1st time making egg rolls. I hope its a success! :-)
Haha! I wish. I read a tweet from a girl today where she said something lame & it got 50+ favorites. I guess I need bigger tits.
i love you so much you are so sweet plz RT RT
Mayhew better go get mike jenkins from dallas
I don't know. Textures can gross me out just as much as an awful taste.
At La Ha with my momma! #mexicanfood ❤
Banking on a good weather today in Tempe.
those pitches or he needs better aim and a bigger set of balls.
University of Colorado Law School & Northwestern University School of Law
Thanks! RT ErinsFoodFiles I stayed at when I needed to be downtown. Gorgeous rooms, great bar. Next to CNN.
There's no rush. Just go with it.
Instead of focusing on things you don't want, focus on what you want!!!!!!
vw using indiana license plates? excellent.
only you understand me. . I swear
Thanks! I had fun teaching it.
Returning hugs ...
I knowww you would've!! Gotta communicate better with her! :)
Sitting here watching You-Tube videos with my daughter.
thank you for raising awareness of my cousins story and supporting his sons. Bill's Seattle family misses him a lot!
Fine! I'll have coffee & chocolate crosissant alone RT : top secret x 2 > I'll sniff it out
This is NOT hijacking the PXY Twitter. Ok, maybe it is... RT : quit teasing us raph!!!!
Today is a good day and I would like to thank all who made it possible.
Do eeeet! I just did :)
if they were dating, im pretty sure they'd keep it a secret... lol @ this girl.. i cant even.
Visuals do play a strong role in the world of advertising, but when it comes to politics, the language used plays a crucial role.
112 Surgery Center Administrators to Know - Becker's Orthopedic &amp; Spine
Get the gun. Shoot. Shoot. Shoot.
Good morning ...one day down 4 to go..the first 5 days after the weekend are so hard...
Ur body's gonna think u starvin it now stop it. Lol
lol fair enough
hello there nice to follow you feel free to visit us @ www.allsportsshopping.com see our UGG boots.
Can I send you some info about us? We're a new Miami based Startup that I think you'd be into
Moisturize from within! www.5StarFishOil.com
the band-aid empress, lives the life of Pooh. Her Boswell is perhaps the finest cilantro-yogurt-bacon-currant Tweeter in America.
The speaker for my next class is super queer. *swoon* Hey.
That's actually a great idea -- screen out guys by how they visit a museum. Too funny that you notice though.
The word here is Wow re. J.A.H(2012) The preview; wow, she said
Shout out to our Secret Style Agents!
The ex: I can't eat or sleep, I'm so upset. Me: that's not necessarily a bad thing, you could stand to lose a few pounds
RT : We've got Oreo Jones Performing Live TONIGHT - 6:30 #LocalUnderground! Come Enjoy some Fresh•Local•Beer & Hip Hop!
don't drown in the shower
Purchasing a new ride is SO STRESSFUL!!!!!
fair enough! It was worth a shot though! Have you ever roped him into your social media biz or has he been spared so far?
Observations from my teen daughter: Imitating Edgar Allen Poe is easier said than done....
Re-activated Facebook. Finally going Grocery Shopping, byyee!
Go Mark! “: Evernote gets big data religion: joins as Head of Data Products (tech co-founder of , VERY smart)”
Nice speech about not relying only on computers Dave grohl only to have your acceptance speech ended early by party rock anthem
Protein Power Up! Next Week's Special: 25% OFF ALL Protein Supplements!
I wonder what obstacles are in store for me today.
lol seems to be enough for you. ,)
crap! Let me know when you find them. I've been looking too.
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock " #12ProofsOfLove...The Passion To Protect."
Time to venture out to the boulangerie TOUTE SEULE! It'll be okay though, there's one for about every 4 meters of Paris
I'll bring it up before dodgeball!
Emanuel thinks there should also be a #RTTT for early childhood education, local school districts. Recommended to Obama.
Yep! Let's get her done!
I really dig that game. The cell shading makes it I think.
Thanks, I'm glad you liked it.
I don't know about this ending. "can you see us getting married?" "I love you!" This girl isn't even in HS yet!
So we have been thinking about bringing in some guest vocalists on our new recordings...who would you want to hear?
Great picture! I'm coming for a visit next week! Cannot wait!
Hey Babe, We added the event for you. <3
garlic is the GOO in DO.
Cherish the importance of knowing who is worth being cherished.
Thank you for tweeting today's guest post over at !
Thank you!
Wanna go home so badly. I miss her so much.
you are a phenom my dear...xoxo
L'amour vainc tout. ~ Anonymous (Love conquers all.)
I'll be here tomorrow I leave on fri. What time do you get in?
#SignsYourSonMightBeGay If he's a virgin at age 18. You know something is up
Albeit a very stylish house but it would only last a few months before completely falling apart in true IKEA fashion
Just cleaned up two full and unhappy inboxes...feeling so much lighter now!
Businesses in Detroit! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Why do I feel all lonely? :/ I would complain about wanting a girlfriend, but I can actually do something about it instead of complain.
hey hey! How are you : )
#POTD is an album which it took some sad news to kick me into gear and listen to, and now I'm pissed it took me so long.
MG - if you ever get a chance, would love to hear your thoughts on Grouposts!
computer class :/
Jae-Wan's Domestic Disturbance available on iTUNES and @ Best Buy World wide.... 3rd world music Motha Fuckas!!
Me either
who am I to question why you took the path you took? And who the fuck am I to open this closed?
you know MSI?! Omg. Yep, best friends we are.
I'm thinking it might be time to watch Long Way Round again.
I'm into crime/detective shows now 0.0. I always kept being an FBI agent or detective as a plan B in case the whole hair career didn't work
Shawn, what's the good word? Hope all is well!
happy birthday to the first lady! Despite the harsh critics, I think you are a great example for black women! Thank you!
Don't like H-town hip hop, ignorant shit.
I am a little overwhelmed. My dress is nice and I have my tiara but beyond that, I haven't done much. :/
I think you're going to like our new computer backgrounds
Draw something? With me? Thanks! -jacobhennen (:
heck yeah JS! Can't wait to play around with ExtJS and make some nice looking dashboards
RT : I love your music, so glad y'all followed me! :) // Thanks so much! (And we're glad you follow us too!)
what part of insomnia did you not understand?! lol yeah I caugth it immediately after and was like... meh.
Hello how are you
Hey fam..Tune into CNBC at 9p EST..Billions behind Bars... And no its not your local water spots.. profits in the corrections industry..
in what year KG started using ANTA?
RT Now following u come highly recommended by
thanksgiving food only has the status of food on thanksgiving, the rest of the time it's fat crap. trash is where it belongs.
RT : Well, at least our moms think we're the best of the Twin Cities. #botc // Think again, boys.
Sometimes you should just treat yourself...
I'm sorry to hear that you were having problems accessing your site last night. Is the problem still occurring? ^CB
