PLEASE FOLLOW ME
I do! What can I do to help?
DC Comics – The Flash – The Crimson Comet
You know where we stand on this one. Your membership supports valuable programs and gains access to great benefits.
Perhaps we can bribe to call in this time...
. i'm guessing armholes are so small because they're made by third-world emaciated orphans. 2 cents/hour. that sort of thing.
Gotta Go With The Money Team!!
You would shut it down
Reading a Jack London book I'd never heard about until this week. "The Star Rover." Really good. Different than you'd expect.
Someone did tell Trent Johnson that TCU is going to the Big 12, right?
Excellent! Congrats! (BTW, I've been digging your posts on the research workflow.)
man just found out u was released from strike force go 2 WWE make some quik doe then sign wit bellator or UfC luv u Bruh!!
GOP/teaP have blame too. Uber rich are GOP cronies. Listen to Mr. Cain. Get off your lazy asses and get a job. Mr Cain what jobs?
can u plz follow me
at least you're getting somewhere...I'm just wading through data!
Thanks for the #FF love! Right back atcha! :)
Sorry -- My Tweet length post yesterday was an April fools joke. Sorry if I spooked the markets.
I saw the sexy sax man in an ad for vitamin water while watching basketball on a bar tv at the Chicago airport - hm
good luck man!!! We need golf in our future!!
Yikes! Ella only has to go to time out for a minute or two and can't talk back! I don't even want to think about teenagers!
no please don't! I'm sorry!
RT “: Girls "dumb" isn't cute”
you could even transition in a PROPERLY INSTALLED sew-in like does.
PickUpLine: I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart
Its ok the most we can do is pray and help.Helping Austin and Mahomies is a HUGE favor and thTs all we can ask 4
Come out come out, wherever you are!!!
i feel u on that
Off to Chicago
please keep Michael as host he is the best of course a die hard Giant fan xo
lol, I don't think so--maybe just in principle she would? But at some point later I found condominiums & was scandalized.
The greatest form of humanity is the expression of genuine human kindness - itsjustme
Shes as pretty as a picture, everything is funny as she is smart, gotta smile that'll hold you together and a touch that'll tear you apart
True love is not external. It is ever present inside of you since the day of creation.
Thank you!!!
I have a feeling tonight is going to be some funny shit
I wouldn't be going to graduation if my mom wasn't making me
I just finished a 4.31 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Welcome back ambassadors to #AmericanU after a restful break! Looking fwd to seeing u on campus!Check our blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com!
I think I'm going to need an intervention for my addiction to the show "Intervention". New series "Relapse" premieres tonight!
Kids on the bus, your celebrity impersonations are not clever.
C'mon Pacers
Breaking a car window to steal CDs is the old school version of pirating music.
Just did week 2, day 1 of #c25k with !
yes i am
Girl Im not finna play w/ yu lol.... Just knock loud cuz Im might be sleep by time yu get here
": you think? slow on rotations and poor close outs. not much from a defensive minded coach " attributed to old age
dang u globe trottin'
Charles called this before the playoffs started so u cant say everyone are flippin'
I never thought loving you would hurt.
It no longer holds views of wiping out capitalism all together, which is fine, reasonable.
the right timing only happens when you are prepared! Why wait?
Show tonight at Lorelei MM82 Islamorada FL , it's pretty windy out there today!! :(
I know you were still trying to defend myself not trying to bash Cleveland just a stupid pick at that spot
forgot to admit that she took $2,500 from Earl Jentz in her campaign. That's politics as usual, Mary!
Go get em!
RT : You know it's been an inventive week when you're still seeing tweets from equally wired colleagues at 3am
Just returned from the San Francisco ACC show; honored to win Award of Excellence. Getting ready now for the Evanston ACE show next week.
#idontlike ugly kids that are mad bad and wanna act cute
well if you hadn't of stolen someone elses ;)
#WhyDoIAlways let go of people who really care about me, and hang onto assholes?
Thinking the #Browns' draft board looks a lot different at the top than the pundits' boards.
Come say goodbye tomorrow to your favorite barista it's her last day!!!!! We're going to miss her!!!!
merry christmas °<:{>
mob wives!!!
Business Travel Is Driving Hotel Demand
make sure you die with Christ in ya life.
also i failed to mention that three of us had to get a cab to the tire place last nite. and the driver looked like a hitman for NJ MOB
Even at our weakest,or most difficult moments, God can still use us. We just have to make ourselves available to Him. God Bless.
Marriage. That was just way too far.
Oh, I.... Oh I'm still alive
Happy Memorial Day! "The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great example."~Benjamin Disraeli
Amazing show sat at the Cantab with SWOON! Thanks to everyone who came out! See us again January 21st at the Dover Brickhouse!
Merry Christmas everyone!
the apocalypse sketch was boiler plate, but still pretty damn great.
Walked to the restroom tonight at the #betterla charity event. She is even prettier in person! I would def be her cougar bait!
I an meandering in that direction
If you're AMAZING, like Austin, then people watch his videos. Why? B/C THE KID HAS TALENT. ARE YOU PEOPLE DEAF? CAN YOU NOT HEAR HIM SING?
oh hey California misses you. Come back.
Collected owls when i was single..bears when i was pregnant & angels when mom passed away..(for 15 yrs.)
Help! We're lost without a Google Aps expert like yourself, and you came highly recommended. Taking new clients right now?
how much did you get paid to make that 21Jump ST garbage? It's an embarassment to the original series. Yr better than that-No lie
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy was "The Bleeding"
Glad it's all going well. how is s fl treating ya?
dang. THE SECRET IS OUT :o
AP lit exam Thursday morning ! Waking up at 8am to study in the morning ! So let me go to sleep !
are you purposely trying to lower your draft position?
One a good note, #GreysAnatomy starts back up this Thursday! I've missed it quite a bit :)
what the heck is happening in the Midwest today weatherwise... huge winds in Madison, tornado watches and warnings in MI/OH? Oct 26?!
thanks. [and now signing off on the thanking. just going to enjoy]
Attilla sacked Carthage? Wait... never mind... you're on a roll ;)
Carmona continues to disappoint in a bad way - where will the Tribe look for starting pitching help?
Skies so blue...hope it stays like this for next week!
i really do not feel like staying in here -.-
How do you keep breaking my heart over and over?
Way to take the win Lakers!
Wow, incredible. Milagros indeed.
Though the doorway we go to take anyone and everything of just one day.
The Employment Situation Report prints on Friday. This data has been our focus for the last two weeks.
no worries...just figured you'd appreciate it haha
Supermodel Emme will be in Atl to promote her new venture in wellness products for women this weekend. Excited to meet her : )
Sunday afternoon should work, as far as I know. what time is good? I can make sure to be home
whenever I hear "Bonaparte's Retreat, Hoedown" (from Beef, It's What's for Dinner campaign) I get hungry for Pot Roast
"Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth."~Luke 12:15
NO STOP. SEND ME A PIC.
i like it. Sounds like a Flavor of love spin off show
#ifiwas...shut up.
He is good-I like him, will be watching! Did your friend #8 or Jalen enter the draft, or were they eligible!
I love it too!!
A biz associate looking to buy and sell high end (20kw+) Generators and Liebert air conditioning systems. Send an email if we have a match!
Off work. What's really good doe?
Ah my gosh , everything happens at school -__- One of the lenses from my glasses got lost :o ? Like what the heck !
Lately when I go out I have more fighting/ drama stories rather than hoochie stories now.
you still owe me a dance! 😜
His wikipedia page has already been updated.
I need to do 'Merican things before I leave
and FWIW with the climate there you really wouldn't want to walk outside except at night. Nice pasar malams, though.
You cant take your money to heaven, nor can you take your power or success..
Apologies for my absence. I've missed Twitter friends. Lots of baby and grown-up sickness and then field trips/dates.
Agreed, pretty sad.
If you drive a minivan, they did you a favor RT Minivan Thefts Increase on Milwaukee's North Side.
haha I bet! It's happened to me before infront of like 30 ppl!
Why are we taking a test. What is this. No Schrei, no.
“: It's not necrophilia if we're both dead inside.”
We posted our Mother's Day Specials on our website homepage! Go check it out at www.skyandseaspa.com
my greys are back in full force :) I need to get myself some color, stat!
Chaucer's Cranberry Tales
I'm a visionary Architect. At least according to your cool survey. Let's get in touch.. DM me and we'll set it up.
Silly me, thinking you cared
#10FactsAboutMe 6.) i am a Makeup-Junkie! i love makeup!!!
Anyone needing studio time, photos, videos or all three get at me. Get a package deal and really save....
going to a tournament at niagra falls!
5 year old girl at Chipotle crying, screaming & begging her mom to order her burrito w/extra sour cream. Good shit y'all, come thru!
dad never shuts the fuck up like damn stop arguing with your girlfriend and find something else to do.
Okay thanks, I'll double check. Thanks for the heads up.
I'm not finding the email. Can you resend, or want to DM your email to us?
Yes, I understood this from a voicemail left by the Officer and Gentleman. How did your presentation go? New recruits?!
which ones thatt?!
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing it :)
he gets me tight. But when Durant goes 6 for 30 he's quite
Can't sleep, too busy thinking about a chicken sandwich.
On set shooting a sketch on Tosh.0 today!!!
State strands 2 runners in the top half of the 4th. Virginia holds 1-0 lead with Byxbee, Bowdren, Hawkis due up.
Nope, never heard of it.
Iconic Boyz are gonna be on the VMA's!? Yaaaaay:D
What if instead of politicians legislating behavior, they encouraged #mindfulness so that when driving, etc., we payed attention? Sigh...
hey beautiful
man out ain't my falt you song make things clear
lmao!! You Know what I want<<<<<<
Everything about you (:
Thanks George!
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Got new headshots from Photographer Jenn Hoffman!! They will be up soon!!
“: Oregon is the 2nd team in Rose Bowl history to score 3 TD of 50 yards - Alabama in 1935 was the other.”
U'll prolly miss me later but for now....
RT : What an amazing 3 days that was! Inspiring stuff! Thanks to and everybody present.
I just want dknees.
God is our refuge and strength, always ready to help in times of trouble. Ps 46:1
Imagine: you get a package from austin, you open it and its a cd full of love songs dedicated to you.
I love painting my nails :3
#RealLakerHaters Would Take Their Time Out Of The Day To Watch Our,Games Just To See If We'll Lose By A Team Theyre Not Even A Fan Of .
of course! Which one?
RT learning about my mansion in heaven if you didnt come u missing out on ur mansion
Lord, I'm sure that you called Rick Santorum to be a "fisher of men." He thought you said "anal fissure."
your joking right?
Happy Mothers Day! Bring your mom in for a free strawberry sundae!
Wish we could go together! I'm going crazy waiting for my bf to finish reading the books.
2nd shwdwn of day. Flp tptk n rare limped pot that became 3rd pr by river. Cldve valuebet rvr but more curious to see what he called with...
#MKExpo you are awesome, thank you!!!!
..you don't follow others..ignor any requests yourself and NOW you're asking for our help? Really?? Shag off, lady!
Look Good / Feel Good, Feel Good / Play Good!
- Sending "private" message through Twitter is like spray-painting it on my door instead of putting it in mail slot.
That broad is a head monster!
Agreed - those rocked! RT I gotta get the slides to 's #AMA volunteer of the year preso!
Happy 15th birthday to the best bro!!
B-E-A-UTIFUL!! Good luck to you, and my sister who is at the Doves also.
Anyone know what video that was of neil degrasii ???? #DEATHSQUAD #DSQfamily #JRE ?!?!?
Yes RT : Did you get named after the character in "Snatch" or was he named after you?
Shrinking Indian Islets spell sea change
we can improve the criminal justice system by having a system similar to checks and balances. It'll run smoother!
Let us know what you think and how it works out for ya! If you have any questions, just ask. Happy to help!
Love your post about being from the 'holler'. Were you a fan of #RoyRogers and Dale Evans?
same here!
Black Keys tonight!
Ha! Well, i can't feel my toes. RT : as a red head with Viking blood, I'm comfy!
i'm having that day, and it's not limited to writing.
Well, since I can't fall back asleep, I might as well get up and do some work!
"Papers must be submitted in the form of a savory crepe."
In the studio!
WHAT'S THE NAME OF THE STUDIO IN THE CITY?
I had a blast! It was a hoot - would do again in a minute!
Got my first client the other day cant wait to see if he liked his website or not once he approves I can post it :)
"forever" means "forNOW" "til death do us part" means "til the feelings gone" & "for life time" means "until i realize im wasting my time"”
I So Feel I am feel like doing Nothing
Big ups to
I admire your dedication. do well
“: You guys are going to love season 2 of #Tiaandtamera June 11th Mondays 8/7c on Style”>>>Yay! I love this show :)
Thanks! There will be a nice new pretty label on it soon as well.
Areas around bus/mass transit stations.
I think the manager at ocharleys thinks I am 21. He sat us in the bar.
Let's go
Has anybody seen or come across any really cool sports website lately? Looking for modern sports inspiration.
Great use of SM! RT ...Check in at the hotel on and receive an additional 1,500 priority points upon arrival!
Goodtimes cuttin it up with DJ Chris Villa yesterday in the Scottsdale AZ Metro Park. Peace
HOw about going to a doctor? I've heard those quacks know a thing or two.
hey bleed internally
Hope i can get A's for english,science,history and irk :)
your so cute . Kbye
I'm totally fine with it! This fandom has no limits.
You are not the sandwich you order or the number of calories in your lunch.
Nick Collins doesn't have a twitter account correct?
I lovee Justin Bieber!
Daniel Bryan and CM Punk is first wrestling match in months I've reeeeallly looked foward to.
That bitch is just trying to make excusses she thought I wasn't gunna say anything she swear she low byee boo ugly ass bitch go suck it
Please like our "Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique" page on Facebook!!!! Thank you!
thanks for the rt, anita!
Lmfao I just laugh to myself when people talk about their problems and use them as excuses for shit. No one knows what I've been through
I do
Thanks for the mention. We're giddy to be here!
We can relabel all t-shirts form American apparel Anvil Gildan Alstyle Cygnus etc. Contact www.reliablerelabel.com
I love the fall in love movies by the end of the movie. Too bad it's a movie.
I love my braids but I miss my bangs.
Borders files for bankruptcy
#FollowReader #TheCatsTable Adding it to my wishlist right now...
Good luck to my hometown Charleston Bluejays, playing in the Class 3A State Semi-Finals today in Columbia, MO.
RT : And we're sold old! Thanks to the amazing NTEN community for our 4th straight sell out! You guys rock!
“: I could use a nap right now.”
#Listening to I Gotta Get Away From You by Little Milton
Not really short tho... I might dye it again too.
I've become so nocturnal lately. Waking up for work is going to be fun!!
that awkward moment when I lean on the window at subway and it falls in on me
I'd bet there are people at right now who wanted to do things differently, but something obviously went wrong during game dev.
Everything the Mavs do makes them look old
What would Flipper have done with this #Chen Guangcheng case? Yep, you guessed it; nothing.
not really me but they fuck up my mom and bros almost eerytime.. Literally. And i know a couple ppl w/ the same prob retarded
What Bags to Wear with Leather Jackets | YouQueen
you always make me laught :D
Made it to Indie
The man came up to me and said and I quoted "never give up u have it in u" I felt proud
the precedent being set is that a developer can't half ass a game and then feed us overpriced DLC.
Ok it's been a while...we're building passthenotes.com, on track and working with great smart people! also Viper promo vid on the way :)
#commontattoos is trending I'm glad my 3 tats are tats that I thought of myself and nobody else has
Booked sunday off work, so I could go to a party saturday night. Then I get asked to work saturday night, typical.
& other #Twitter experts: Looking for tips on using hashtags for events - how to select, how many, etc. Ideas?
If they unfollow you for that, they ain't worth keeping anyway.
All I could think about tonight is,Austin. I just wanted to hug him \(••)/
#idRatherHave 4 #NBA Championship rings than 3 #MVP awards and NO rings......
Morrow, god rest his soul, was to film grouches what Shelly Winters was to annoying film wives.
hey y'all librarian types, ALA elections open today-civic duty & all. For ALA Council, consider Martin Garnar, Latrice Booker,
Hello New York. Paris ain't got nothin' on you.
Gettin ready for show time! If your in vegas, come by the Luxor Hotel and come see The Fantasy Show!
Up with the sun again, off to a breakfast with GOP Committeemen. Beautiful day - House to House TO THE HOUSE!
RT Participating in this morning's Blue Ridge Watershed Coalition meeting at St. Andrews on-the-Mount Church.
im not ashamed that i cried through half of that movie.
How good is your high school Latin? Albus Cavus?
Just saw a woman toss a bottle into the street. I politely asked her to pick it up & she had some expletives and a middle finger for me.
Already wants to come home
> Exciting 1st half my friend! #WinterClassic was really fun to watch. End of the 3rd was crazy.
omg I do that every night! lol I just want to see a video of him just working out &sweating haha
Just watched "The Arbor" on Netflix Instant. Guess I need to redo my Best of 2011 list now. You should watch it too. Outstanding.
I am glad I kept away from Amazon EC2, I guess 100% up-time still means 99.72%
"Hill, I did not aspire to the Presidency so I could set brother against brother," Mr. Lincoln said. "And yet I have."
:) thank you
Wow. RT : These drivers have more partners than whores at a college party.
Yum yum-- Flourless Chocolate Cake on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Served with our homemade Mango Ice Cream. So good!
So honored to be in the presence of so many successful communication professionals today. What an opportunity!
I want :) RT“: 2 ounces of chuck, brisket and short rib, topped with feta, homemade tzaziki, kalamata olives, and tomatoes,
Prayers for JoePa and his family. A sad ending for a man that positively influenced so many.
- you DO know Soupy Sales has been dead for years? Jonathan Frid probably died in anticipation of the new Dark Shadows movie.
well it is obvious who -A is on PLL
Thanks for the follow! I can't wait to check out your pics!
first half doesn't matter in the nba lol
Nigga you broker than a crack house window!
Holy cow! We made it! Thank you to everyone who helped out. Meet us tonight at the Brocach at 8pm to celebrate!
Got it. Just emailed it to you. (: Have a great night! You're very welcome.
DM me, son.
should have gotten a ticket to ces when they were free, but I might still find a way... what's new?
I said whatever.
120 W North Ave. We can grab a drink after at Joe Squared across the street.
It bothers me when someone has the same photo for all their social networks, I'd like to think they're just boring.
Thank you!!! :D
one day, we'll go to disney world & rock it & get promoted & go to disney land & be supreme
Drivers must renew in person once every eight years regardless of driving history.If you have received a post card renew in person,
great minds think alike...great seeing you both tonight!!
So honored and blessed to be able to sing/speak this morning at a women's event ~ no place I'd rather be on my bday! Jesus be huge!
um, Swiss Army knight?
Police were concerned about the rap video because there were some known criminals in it.
Thanks, I'm not surprised. Hope he's going to run as romney's VP that would really make them both UN-electable!!
": My hair looks wild a.f" twins!
Looked mad fresh back than.
I never thought I'd see the day when people's words got in the way.
got an email from my ex-boss,everything was fine until I read "I'm guessing yo probably owe me one" DEALBREAKER, I DON'T OWE ANYONE ANYTHING
Check out the twitter for my first ever movie it's Yvonne DeCarlo's son, Bruce Morgan who I just love & adore..
GET UP THO
Congrats to the tech team on a HUGE week! Have 6 or 7 drinks tonight...
“ Feeling productive is the best way to feel”
Lmao. Well he talked to you ! So psh. I mean he said something.
fantastic! Good to hear. Now go spoil all those wonderful moms in your life. lol Night.
Working the EAST PATROL @ Bexar County Sheriff Office...so far its been busy...
RT : Yall already know last 5mins of the game the monster gone come out right!?
that's nice and I'm from San Diego
The pastor at the church I'm at just said that if you miss beginning worship and leave when the message is done, you've never worshiped. No?
End of the semester stress, please go away.
They didnt work this out backstage?! I bet the producer is so mad at stiller and the girl from Mad Men's daughter.
MAJOR, MAJOR #ExtremeReunion updates THIS MONDAY. ALL MATCHES/add'l talent/backstage pass winners announced! Change profile pic now to ours
what an awesome hubby u have. my hubby just got home. he is going to go pick up the food for me.
I am still trying to figure out a way to do Twitter without becoming insane.
Don't forget the new Jazz classes added to wednesday mornings at 9:30...and it's now part of the Unlimited Plan!!
Agreed, thanks. Also, following you now!
see ya then (:
Absolutely! Good times all around, prizes or not!!
Gotta have it.
#IfSheCant roll a blunt - Ima think she never had a real nigga
"This is Mr. Dickman, our student teacher". Normal kids: hey mr dickman. Me: hehehe she said dick
twitter/facebook feeds on webpage, announcements during instruction, signs around school
God seeing you last night maybe next time it won't be for 5 minutes !
absolutely right on Louie
with him u know that u shouldnt with me you know that you should.
Pleased to entrance, Ed! Best Wednesday wishes.
#18conf sounds like Marva has been where I walked. What is the line between safety and family?
thanks love:) I can't wait to be done so I can just dance!!
Like creating a key for the whole blog site, then another key per blog entry, then u could search key combo for replications
Congrats to Pat McCrory on his election win tonight. Wish I was running against him again
way to go, spam artist.
Drunk convos with people here are so interesting
Romney is in Euclid? lol why dude. why waste your time?
Wow #stanford has five turnovers
Great day to grill out with friends/family. Stoked about a new gig @ Canal Steet Tavern with friends from Dayton the RedTone Sixes! Sat 6/4
Aw, screw it. I'm going to DeVry.
great story regarding you and your colleagues efforts in saving jobs. You are all to be commended.
Thanks for the RT
Sorry about that, thanks for letting us know : )
"But while size grants the advantages of quantity, smallness creates an opportunity to specialize in quality." Start-Up Nation
Stolen truck pursuit, then crash and suspect bail out in Riverview. K-9 and Helicopter assisting in search.
Finally saw the amazing Black Swan Still shaken. inspired and disturbed.
Thanks for the follow!
I freaking can't wait for ur new album
Did you have a pool to guess Angelina Jolie's weight for the Oscars? Could have been a fun side bet. See you in San Francisco?
Closing in on 1200 followers. If you have fun tweeple in Central Ohio tell them to give us a try!
thanks Agatha! So happy you could join us for the opening! Come back soon.
*Flipping the covers back, dropping my legs over the side of the bed, and pulling on my jeans in a series of quick, jabbing movements.*
RT Alright! iPhone on shuffle: "Thriller" (Michael Jackson)
Summer sleep schedule is already in place. Great
Junior high was a good highlight of my life ^-^
Thank you. I think I will.
Tell the truth and run.
Syracuse converts on 4th down.
Want to avoid the 57 years of sickness in your life? Attend the presentation by my parents and I at 12:30pm this Saturday as part of...
Under certain circumstances, profanity works better than prayer Mark Twain
Weeping shades of indigo.
#TeamGraduation make it a TT. Too many high school dropouts. 2012 is the year we have at many graduates as we can
Mice are so cute when they're in their little cages and stories. But when they're in your basement, they are a HORROR.
Holy Nuts! New level/experience of stress! Drove for 20 minutes on empty--in the middle of nowhere! 20 miles from any gas station! #WHEW!
Alright. The Hoffman is showing CABIN. In addition to THE RAID. This is as clear as sign as I'll get. Little trip to Virginia tomorrow.
he's pretty badass. Like one of the most swingin drummers ever.
is doin ur vrsRT : I'm sorry bro I just got to the house No ride I'm on the way gotta get my ish together
that definitely needs to change
Hello awesome friend!
Not sure. It's hard to imagine Bo following a script.
Purify your body & mind through the practice of
If you're looking for shenanigans, follow our fav #WindowNation endorsers
"Stemple's last meal was a large stuffed crust pizza and orange soda. Death row inmates have a $15 limit."
Me too :( everyone is
Porque? Obv impossible your bags aren't costing something? Maybe there's value to the customer having costs hidden occasionally.
1) Bed Bath & Beyond 2) Amazon
": His smile. His eyes. His lips. His hair. His laugh. His hands. His smirk. His humor. His weird faces." <3
Man outside groc store just sd that he can c my energy.I said oh yeah what's that? He said u drive fast&always want to be free.
RT : North Carolina voters have approved Amendment 1, a state constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, the AP reports.
We're so excited for the upcoming - Friday, April 6th - 21+ $5 - Backbar.
#shutterisland -- The best movie i've seen in recent memory. Also, Junior Mints are still the best movie candy
don't be scared lol « lol idk if u want me to do that l.»
This! RT I do love me some boys II old men.
Just got out of work and I'm wide awake -.- just going to drive till my tank runs low
I forgot to watch single ladies.
It's 4:37 in the morning. Why am I still up?>:3
good and you?
Time to sleep. Night folks. :)
#starwalk hello everyone ready for the solar storm?
sorry sucia. I know u needed this
Did you know our hot dogs are made special for Happy Jacks right here in good old Indiana ? No yucky after taste with our hot dogs...
- Bahaha! OH NO'S DX Super glue it back! X) Haha
This is bullshit
keep the plates and peppers away from Kaeson! Lol
hey Rob. 0-3 in the debut, but kid has a cannon eh? Love to chat if you want. Ping me at eric at Zaarly dot com
MT : COM senior throws out the first pitch today at the game for donating to
sngs sngs pot limit omaha high low 2$ fulltiltpoker.com need players
YAY Friday! Go team!
Stop in today and choose from a variety of tasty luncheon salads! What’s your favorite?
Austin-bound for #chi2012, final paper grading, and b'day while we're at it.
Teaching is an art. The art of Love, The art of Teaching.
Let me tell you, the air is much clearer on this side of graduation. Good luck!
Why is half 0f my followers p0rn stars? Or fake girls
's great!! My old College...
if he brings kanye out I'll cry, like no homo or anything but I would actually cry
Questions about modeling, pageants, fitness, advice for being a sexy single mom? Just ask!
oh my gosh jin i just tweeted that to the wrong person..
What percent promising?
hey Adam! Im rooting for you and Xtina both. Love u guys! Um, Javiers twitter is if I'm not mistaking o.o
stared down the vending machine & all of its savory & sugary treats. went with the nature valley oats 'n honey.
. Atlanta said he'd be working in scouting department, but didn't stipulate he'd head up that department.
No BOT'S here! Networks are built with brains and brawn! One social network at a time.
Goodnight twitter! No school friday or monday.....4 day weekend, baby!!! #YeahBuddyyyy (:
of course! ;)
Ahh soo ready to get my chest worked on
Just when I was beginning to freak out. I don't think I've ever been so excited to get a Facebook message.
What did you think of the new Madonna song???
I ate way too much.
This not even the first time he pulled that bull shit this the second year in a row I gave him a chance last year now he gotta go
#lsubcs Les Miles said that his players voted to play Oregon to open 2011 knowing how much it added to an already brutal road schedule
OMG! SO adorable! Love that! :)
I'm a man of layers, like a Smith Island Cake. Little-known fact: I'm also filled with crushed candy bars & covered in chocolate
In the coldest flint there is hot fire
Hope you have a great day sir! :D As for me, nap time! Haha
Watching Saved by the Bell AC Slater and Zack Morris are my dream guys haha
Preparing for a new magic student! Da' Teacha' is in! Sucka!
that will be stuck in my head all day! #notabadthing Safe travels!
All the best love stories have one thing in common: they need to go against all odds to get there.
Im Feeling The Song Tripping <3
I hate school
Attended last nights Fountain Hills Unified School Dist budget Mtg. Big reduction in funds = challenges, but great confidence in leadership.
its not scarey its actually good
Next time I make eggplant rollatini, I'll call it Eggplant Jacked!
Procrastination...seriously, I hate it but do it constantly!
wow....Classy
Aww thanks u...List me :)
Congrats to on 's Congressional Champion for Children award. Another strong advocate for kids!
If it says Tranny Phanny on the cover you MAY want to avoid it!!
#vra2012 Great discussion of video and fair use by Steve Anderson of USC. Fair use is part of our first amendment rights.
nah, U know Rappaport does that at the Gaaaaah-den.
Fed up with your auto repair bills? We can ease the burden on your insurance through social media.
I think I need this. :)
After tonight's Wordy and Wordless set, audience member asked if I was really deaf.
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s extremely good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO. OK, we are, but whatever
Dam wonder wat time the kar show begin
Alas, I just discovered that youtube took it down (GGGV1981).
Fairly sure the title for the next Texas in July album is "No Pain No Reward".
so my mom explained to me that she would get me VIP if Cody tweets me a reason why she should take me... Omg...
ain't feel too good.
Umm, Today is Sunday.
DISH Business means you can stay informed at work, or keep the kid entertained so you can get something done! Call John at 350-6428!
My friends left my house, so now I'm just watching se7en again.
Lmfao yes!! & didn't even tell us, selfish ass haha.
Is it weird that I really want to see #BATTLESHIP ? I mean its not directed by Michael Bay or anything.
I feel like you probably have a compromising pic or 2 of me at this place...have fun!
It's been a fun night but callin it a day goodnight moon
A free venti breve latte with an extra shot? Sufficiently amped to go clean someone's fridge as a gift to them. Thanks !
hola i just ate green chiles and spam haha
Come on I know you want this may 1st we start together!!
good knight!!!!!
There was a desire to establish the State of #Israel and its culture on the basis of #Jewish sources--Medina
Thanks for the retweet. By spreading the knowledge, you are bringing about positive change.
can't sleep and I am going to sactown in 3 hrs.
Don't miss Blue Moon Cafe at Cooking at the Market tomorrow. Chef Brian will be doing "Country Time Fresh"
Pulling out carpet in the parents room! Rawr ^_^
Power out at deering cute
Emerging interest in getting subject bibliographers to process archival collections ... wow. Born digital archives session
I feel like crappy crap
May 14th Pearsall,Tx.I The Texas Renegade"Lupe Trejo" make my return to pro wrestling after nearly 2yrs. for a heavyweight title main event!
FRIDAY NIGHT! Woo-hoo!
I like the sound you make when you Shut the F*** up!
#sacscoc increase classroom activity & engagement
White House Correspondents Dinner parties. But I'm home now. Dead tired!
u look amazing
She is in here goin Ham lol
i have been great wbu i iss texin u!!!
#CougarTown Best. Show. Ever.
Omg tomorrow's finally Friday :')
Church in Elk-Rock means gramma time! :)
Isn't school like twitter? A bunch of interesting topics and we just manage to touch the surface...
Delicious RT : Ham, egg & cheese on english muffin RT : Q2 If you have time to enjoy, What is
"Essence of librarian" sounds like a bad perfume. You know, musty books?
So proud of my dad! He is now a #CSUGrad just like me.
it was so good! We are definitely going back soon.
Need a pick me up? Fight the cold with our scrumptious goodness as always-:) #Yum # Chicago
I should be sleeping but I'm held captive by my desire for more meaning
Make each day count because it is a blessing.. Everyday creates your history.. Rise & Grind..
The sins of the drunk are visited upon the sober. Good Morning, sins.
So true - and incredibly valuable advice. Connectors are often rewarded for their efforts, if only with personal satisfaction.
Yea, we don't get along, but I go anyways because... well.... I love to ride and I get to meet some pretty cute girls haha
Didn't say anything as to why he's in WV?
Job Hunter/Networking Tip 4 Action! Keep your LinkedIn status fresh. Times are busy. Many need a reminder from the status update to say Hi!
Sampling at the Palm Springs' Jensen's Finest Foods - come by and talk about the Tour de Palm Springs!
/ J-Town or Jeffersontown.
“: If they don't respect, appreciate, and value you, then they don't deserve you.” AMEN
We wish Gordon Beckham could hit like Starlin Castro and Castro could field like Beckham.
Working on a blog about Oklahoma City's best deals of the day! Catch it before you leave work in a few minutes!
I can't wait to have waffles in the morning ;D
congratulations to for his 2011 Sheila Motton Book Award!
I'm a goner.
My fave seasons are 2 and 4, I think. 2 for classic awkward comedy, 4 b/c the Broadway-related storyline was a hoot.
awesome job!
At institute nothing better then a student cutting ur hair
We were victims, together but lonetly
Having a lot of trouble with this #Pathfinder project...Really want it to go well. 5 hours at Mpls Central today...
Happy Mother's Day
My phone bout to die don't feel like getting my charger
no surfing today -- tsunami!!!
Suck the skin off the dick , shouldve seen this bitch .
Fitch Report: Other banks will follow JPMorgan and Wells Fargo in reclassifying second lien mortgages as non-performing.
I couldn't take you down myself. So I just outsourced it. ;) (via ) damn fine job! I will find you.
We have many new Spectre items in. Many new items to come these next 2 weeks.
Yeah, I have no idea what that's supposed to be...lol.
When you find yourself singing >>> haha #listeningtomusic :)
No. I'm skate boarding to work. 25 miles. I leave my house at 3am to arrive at work at 3pm :-)
One hell of a night 😄😏
good job... can't wait! cause its going on 2 years. U know i always support the cause! so I'll be there
I'm fine thanks xx. You? :)
Barry University in FL. Check their website or just google shaq. It hit a couple of papers.
I picked a GREAT week to play against Josh Hamilton in fantasy.
Research will cure any writer's block and deepen your story. Read about your film world ideas or subjects to spark new ideas.
Hope my fellow okies are safe!
A few UT iSchoolers will be live tweeting our #sxsw experiences. Stay tuned as we partly engage in our real lives to bring this to you!
Sleep? What's that? Let me google that :P
followed dear (: <3333
Biggest Loser lover, too :) Just thought I'd chime in
is it weird that #fridaythethirteenth is one of my favorite days??
I know I'm getting old when I can't play my age on the #MegaMillions #lottery ticket 'cos the numbers don't go that high. <sigh>
Bahahahhaaha! Someone found our site by searching the words "fn pryde porn." I believe that means I have arrived. O_o
Clippers fucked up my night those pussy fucks!
RT : If the real Eddie Murphy only had a thousand words left, I wonder how many of them would be "tranny" or "hooker".
lol! U call it ur hubby to?.
It's been a # of years since my visit to Bahia. Hope to return.
Hahaha got that right
i will sleep like a little tiny baby tonight.
I saw you on the news acting crazy lol
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
MY COUSIN JUST WON SURVIVOR AND IS A MILLIONAIRE. I can't think of anyone who deserves it more! Congrats Kim!
I still don't think facebook is making a good choice by trying to be more like twitter...I think integrating twitter would be better
I mean, I thought anything more than 42" was too big. >-<
so unbelievably true.
Don't worry you will be a Bronco regardless what critics are saying .Ur a team leader
Excited to present in roundtable special session titled "Expanding Access: Building Bridges within Digital Humanities" at MLA2013 Boston
Well, any time :)
Anyone doing research in NYC this summer and needs housing, my sister is subleasing her place (Wash Heights) from June 15-31 Aug. DM me.
Back seat windows up thats the way I like to?
WNY's 2 major trauma center -Kaleida and ECMC - account for 9% of severe trauma cases statewide-and I can see both from my porch!
thanks for the RT! We appreciate it!
Keep up the good work. I think it's going to pay off. (fingers crossed)
Northampton, Massachusetts...turkey in the air...
It's a new year either there will be repetitions of the past or new beginnings. Live and love as if there is no tomorrow "Feliz año nuevo"
This dude texted me last night calling me NIGGA, that's what I woke up to !
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience,
if it starts to run low I'll stash some for you.
(1) Red Hat is about to become the first $1 billion open source company.
Finally changed my number! Goodbye stalker!
#dirtyworktuesday. I kept myself from listening to it till it came out. One. More. Day. (:
thank you!!!!! That just made my day ! Seriously! You are amazing, and I can't wait until you come play in SF again :)
BURNED OUT TODAY HARD WORKOUT ...
"There are freaks everywhere," says the woman SCREAMING into her cellphone in public.
what do you mean ? it was
My just arrived at 1am (don't judge me) & I'm so excited!! Love the pizza tracker tool...makes the process so easy to stalk!
People are still warming to the idea of location sharing.
EVERY RACE
doing fine sir! U?
All I could think about all day sitting at my desk was gardening. Plant pots. Food insecurity issues. Gardening. Plant pots.
“: Okay, I'm a #vegan, but I'm pulling for Bev tho I've never had a short rib!” converting vegan
Friday catch me at with all my pretty bitches.
yup. I got a two day rule. If that shit still in there it's unclaimed!! Therefore it's mines!!!
I hve so much food in front of me I cant even be mad no more..smh
Last YOS eval was in '04, it found a # of problems - i.e., Substance abuse not adequately addressed.
Making butter burgers with our #beef, basil and #tomatoes.... Channeling #Wisconsin tonight!
Ooh. I am going to have to check this out.
Venture philanthropy - philanthropic capitalism.
Or don't follow me..
#teamreportspam RT : Why do artists continue to follow & unfollow people? Now I'll never listen to your music ;-)
we can on oovoo
Last night was mad real.. right now I need some Advil, can't even explain how my head feels.. everybody was turnt up!!!
No church in the wild
fine then
can I get in on that?
Gonna try to get back on track today. though i had thoughts of change..... anyway Live at 3 with random local music
#InCaseYouDidntKnow theres nicer ways of doing things.
I don't care what they say. Coach Cal is my boyfriend. GO CATS!!
what's up?
Bball game coming off a weekend bachelor party and Five Guys for lunch today. Yeah, this is bound to end well...
Nashville's genius is that it can take any production technology - drum loops, Auto-Tune - and find a way to use it in a song about trucks.
Can I get a retweet for our son Kaden? He has autism and tomorrow is autism awareness day. Thanks for helping spread the word!
This man, has done more honorary feats for our community. - His influence means a great deal. - Thank you, mister president
......there's an in school dance tomorrow
Happy Mother's day to all Mothers '
It won't take long, I promise
The competition is close! There's still time to enter!Show us your fave dessert & enter to win a free night !...
Peter, wow. Do you have daughters? Is this a guy you want around the women you love? He's a very good QB, but thats it
ah, cool. thanks
Fuck friends. I need more enemies. Atleast they admit they don't like you.
Are you a Rangers fan?
lmao okay girl! Well they don't have a twitter. Which is good! No more drama! Lol
thamarlie you & alex can keep thinking that , but remember I got you at 3.
“: After 4 days in Nashville I am convinced it is Portland's little sister” it's true!
this is wild !!!
I just saw a banner ad for "luxury addiction rehab" and my first thought was that it was for treating people who were addicted to luxury...
New York PRSA Announces Finalists for 2012 Big Apple Awards
Nick, Thanks so much for the RT. Susan
I can't remember being this excited about video games since dad brought home a Nintendo (Christmas, 1988).
Still looking for 1 band interested in playing at Dobbs in philly tonight. Rock/pop/ jam/ folk Email ASAP
Damn. This new is HARD! Can't wait to play it at 6:00pm!
You've loaded it all with great, common sense advice
so much fun today!!!!!! OMG 18K bbs shot at tan team with PKM!!!!
Opening Night THE LABYRINTH OF DESIRE! Witty romantic comedy about a love triangle that turns into a square! 9/24 - 10/3 theatre.sdsu.edu
I hate that I watch How I Met Your Mother. Show drives me nuts. Can't give up this far in though. Will be glad when it's done.
That's such BULLSHIT !! 😠
chill brandy
#FF thank you very much!
Sinus headache FTW.
Thanks for the resources.
Alarm clock just went off << >…<
can you do this with a MacBook pro? I assume not since MacBook pro has no HDMI. True or false?
Ma'am. That is too much. You need to calm it down.
when do u wanna dye my hair??? I got the stuff today💆👍
news just called wikipedia "a mishmash of fact and fiction"... it's still more reliable than some of the "news" they report
Really excited for tomorrow. Hoping it's not icy!
Paul Walker sexy as FUCK man.
Really poor taste on the suicide joke. Not funny at all.
vp of PS3 softball team
I enjoy eating ear wax
Bridge on the River Kwai!
For the record, the Y is way more than a fitness club or a facility. The Y is a movement that is strengthening Milwaukee.
So that's why I never get a response from schools I reach out to after one of their players are paralyzed or die from brain injury Shameful
They have five or so locations in WA. Good folks and yes, very busy.
Flop City, prepare to be fucked by the long dick of the law.
On my way to work after a long day at work aghhhgggg #wtfff .
Wow! This lightning and thunder storm makes me miss Tucson. :-)
Don't worry, you'll be fine. Oh, wait...is Bethany teaching? *whistles and walks away*
Managing relationships among vocabularies big challenge; plans for workshop for DCMI11 for vocabulary managers
Just turned on degrassi and I don't recognise any of the characters. I miss the next gen
I VOTED FOR YOU 33 TIMES! I GOT EVERY SINGLE ONE OF MY FRIENDS TO DO IT :D
I never got a chance to tell you how brilliant you were on #Fringe! Such a delight to watch!
Whoa: RT : To recap, about 30 min. ago roughly 100 protesters took over BofA in SF financial district. Standoff ongoing.
and there was also Peacock so serious confusion
the boys in clothes :D>>>
Best description impressive
how did I not follow you on Twitter! Good Morning!!!
Appreciate my blessings and opportunities.
Some of the worlds most powerful businesses, including Lloyds of London & the NYSE, started life as a coffee houses
you're not blocked, I think it's just a privacy setting
please mike. Show at Cleveland HOS me and Mac will be first there :)
I shouldd put a fur coat on him.
Such an awesome day!! I wish i didn't have to work :(
well thats embarrassing
I wonder why Amish furniture stores have electricity…
Why do I always get asked out at the end of the school year, like what is wrong with you?
Random guy: that's a bean burrito rite? Me: No its a quesadilla
do u have any plans to ever act?
lol u too? sucks doesn't it
Posting any slides, etc. when you're done? Would love to see them!
We're putting on a school assembly at Lakewood HS today! Special guests include NWBA players, Rocky, and sports anchors from Denver!
Welcome home !
Attention members! Does your #business have a #Yelp page? Send us a link so we can promote your page :)
But both are amazing!
I give it a 10. Perfectly executed. Is that the right saying?? LOL
Not a bad idea, but we'd rather have Peyton! Go
Wow. Thanks, Jaclyn, for your kind words. Pittsburgh IS some kind of great place.
Ah I need to catch up on my #AmericanHorrorStory! I'm two weeks behind!
Agreed! It's a shame to I like Scott Caan #nohomo RT hawaii five-o gotta b the worst show ever
We SPECIALIZE in working with Autistic patients? Need answers? We have them – call 412-681-6400 today.
also trying to put the fans to sleep running the ball so much
We're gearing up to update our website. Stay tuned to see the newest from Arizona House Painters!
your discussion makes my day as I'm working on my questionnaire (almost done)!
yes I do.
Not only in Twitter feed but on TV too. Someone's going to get hurt. Excessive, like the product they're promoting.
so far so good. one quarter down, eight to go. we should grab lunch if you're around during the holidays before the CES rush
I see in you what you cant see in yourself and I take the privilege to help bring it out
I love Austria :)
Happy birthday to my girl !!! Hope you have a great day!!! See you soon
#IsitJustMe or the older you get the quicker the year goes by? The year is almost half way over....
If you refer 10 people in any state that would love to get Tree Braids, you and a friend will be bless with a free hair do, ask me how.
People observing "don't walk" signs...are they making invisible cars?
lol that would irritate me soo much
Get in a Velocity workout before going out to root for Giants tonight!
hahaha classic. Best part is when Slider is getting him some.
AWW LMFAO! I Thought He Worked At Gardner White.": nigga he works at target wats expensive there....jus askin"
When says "no stop, no cop" instead of "no cop, no stop."
Wait a second, the Big East coaching section on SN forgot to list Marrone and then just slipped him in later in last place?
Watching fact or fake.. Are Zombies real fact or fake? .... REAL YOU UNDEAD ASSHOLES!!!!
Lol RT : Holy smokes we just got bombarded by spam in our mentions. Someone get those poor spam robots a burrito!
Maybe Saturday. Tough to come in during the week.
Im drained , goin right to sleep when i get home .
Great! My group, VAA, needs more volunteer mentors to help vets get jobs. E-mail me @
Just had picture taken with Ritchie, and at
Thank you
Don't forget to set your clocks forward tonight.
i wonder Wat songs r gana be on Ur next album :-) but i know their all gana be great hits just like it will rain ;)
I'm actually volunteering as their social media coordinator ;) Or rather, I was roped into it by a family member ;)
Decided to take four hours of optional time. I just can't seem to recover from hard partying as quickly as I used to.
When ugly ass guys message you <<<< #smh -______________-
. it was Bush who signed TARP in Oct 2008 to bailout banks w/taxpayer money. How's that 'Free' Market Capitalism workin fer ya?
Obviously is trying to get me to say balls. It's hotter than balls. There, I said it. Are you happy now?
great topic on show. You Give some credit to prince for RBs #'s by batting cleanup?
I'm writing a book! Yrs ago moved from poet to singer-poet. Now amazed this project doesn't mean practice, orchestrate, record, or perform.
Ok, kid. Send 'em home happy.
If you have family in Dallas I hope they're ok from all the tornados!
Thanks for an inspiring weekend, David Nightingale and CreativeLIVE!
Thanks for the mention and for following back. :)
thanks for the RT!
Farewell my new friends. See you in the arena.
Feed, litter box, snuggles (LOL). I'd say 30 minutes a day?
heh. although I did drop off a few books at Special Collections, including the one with the ugliest cover art I've ever seen...
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Happy E day
Have you checked out our Papa Rewards yet? Order your pizzas online, rack up points, and earn free pizzas! Pretty sweet deal!...
“If you want to write, if you want to create, you must be the most sublime fool that God ever turned out and sent rambling."-Ray Bradbury
That'll do for car expenses, 2011. THAT'LL DO. Oh, hello, Sounding better all the time.
Curation is now the vogue digital term for a brand's ability to aggregate & distribute carefully selected info & provide a unique voice.
prepping for a post-primary presentation this afternoon, so I'll be out, will continue to dig through primary results over the coming days
How do you or your leaders adopt social media and technology into your workplace?
Mini road trip up to Orlando today for a girl's shopping day. Funfunfun!
Congrats to for winning the 2010 World Series! We'll see you in #Scottsdale in February at Spring Training!
yea i cant talk to you here i got stalkers watchin me SMH hittin my phone wit dat bullshit maan lol
O yea and this W hotel Pool Party... i gotta spot 4 a bad 1 on the guest list 4 dat 1 too ... Comp the Fly...
when people say they're going to the gym I just think assume they're going for a Pokemon battle
#OWS | Speaker/Senators/politicians must show that they work w/ the President to resolve the crisis; no, they show their partisanship | WTF
Good morning! More Ron Burgundy coming soon
Join us for Happy Hour from 4-7pm & check out the Jazz Festival going on in The Village Plaza!
I agree Mr. Snead.
is the pet adoption process pretty difficult?I lost my rottie last month to cancer and I want to adopt one from a rescue
Cause she racheeeeeeeeeeeet
my favorite post-race food is definitely pasta!
Hey, does everyone know about the Wicked Lottery we're having before each show?
#google4np marketplace offers reduced- cost vendors?
I've never cried for any body , but when it comes to you I cry all the time now .
Happy Mother's Day to all ámazing mothers out there!!! We love you!!!
"Imagine if we got paid for being ugly."
Wants an iPhone for Draw Something and Instagram!
So proud of my Ace Parking team! Thank you for all your hard work to Earn Every Thank You from our customers.
Why the hate for Wisky? Last year you promised theyd lose to FSU. Theyre not world beaters, but 'cmon. Bo Ryan kill your dog?
if yu not wit me now.. dont expect 2b wit me when i get to the top. do exactly wat yu doin now.... watchin
when do you end
you're welcome! Never knoew what to expect, new kicks, inspirational quips, or fantastic pics, ecletic mix..
lol that's hilarious! Thanks!
Cool. I can definitely help you out. DM me what you're looking for (BR/BA, etc.) and your contact info. I'll get on it.
Funniest memory: heads of past/present mascots sitting on top of cubicles inside our office. Felt like ad.
were you covering it?
MONEY on my mind im thinking common cents lol AYE.
Sadness for the death of a wonderful rock singer known as Ronnie James Dio
I love being organized Howard!
Enjoy this story about the beauty of humanity and the power of music.
as well as his bio/publicity photo and precise youtube link for his music video "it's on me" check your gmail inbox.
- he could not possibly be number 2, believe me.
Ever get caught up thinking about your past, present, and future? how things can change up so quickly.
Attending DVC's Basic Skills Initiative and Community College Libraries conference tomorrow.
don't act like you didn't see them blow out miami..ahaha...but you tryna go to the game sunday?? After church...
Christmas themed Pictionary tonight! Only at
Thanks ! We will put it to creative and innovative use! Next time you're in Austin, please come check it out!
Rise n shine :) good morning
GladiatorsCageFighting.com 25 bout Milwaukee mega card only 2 days away!! $30 for 25 bouts, that's a stimulus package we all can agree on!!
Paid Wifi? Blasphemy.
Oh great! Thanks for the info! :)
Is it a full moon tonight? The kitten is going INSANE.
Every time I hear the new Coldplay song on the radio, I say "pair of socks" whenever the singer says "paradox."
I fallowed you :)
you will know what i was doing on all of them and you'll see when my foot was broking
#LastTimeIChecked I ran the show around here.
Little bit of Cyclocross there
“: “: Here's to the kids that bust their ass every single day.” Playing Call of Duty. After I farm. 👊
Three in a row over Izzo and the sparties is feeling really good right now...
: text me
RT": I don't trust this world period..". Me either
Lol where's your music where's a least a short video don't hate on ur own state fuccin dumb ass wonder y Colorado ain't on the map
desert island wine? I have an electric chair cheese.
Still sum issues but vastly superior 2 how it was before. We manage a lot of pages now cn get notification if thr R posts!
OMG so much sushi...
In west palm beach ... Chillin
I wish, that way I would have been sleeping
what is your favorite tv show? :)
Dallas Granite Pros Unveils Their Free Offering and Newest Dallas Granite ... - SBWire (press release)
enjoyed having you on #SommChat today - look fwd to future times
cool, my birthday is today (2/7).
Were hittin the streets tomorrow for Cinco de Mayo. Come by and we'll roll ya one.
I keep having reoccuring dreams....what is that supposed to mean?
And now i can't find my cigarettes. Awesome day.
Singing to my baby cousin .. <3
where's it gonna be? HGH?
Northrop old bean, be a love and find out how late Four Season pool is open, will you? See you there! *packs bathing costume*
Ready for my bday to come up this summer
anything changes for this Sunday, or everything going as plan..
Got a case of the monday blues? Come into the shop and get pierced or tattooed! It'll cheer you up in no time! 206 329 8274
#OGK ONLY GOD KNOWS
Carlos or Amber?
That's so overused already tho....and doesn't totally mk sense....but ur in the rt mindset
Afterparty is in full swing at #BCBos. Still time to come by, grab a sub, grab a drink!
LMFAO. WHERE'D YOU GET THAT FROM?
where at??
it is very nice. The Aria hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed in.
Ford group VP of marketing James Farley Jr. just praised Nissan Leaf, said the feel of driving an electric car is a "turn on."
Do media moguls like Katie use ghostwriters for their online persona's?
25-35 MPH winds at a soccer tourney. Yup, we're definitely in Kansas. Looking for Dorothy and Toto to fly by any second now.
#WeWontWorkoutIf You let your family run our relationship..
Tarheels win! Duke loses! Makes my day!
I know they offer 20x30 framed prints (I've only purchased prints, no frames). Has always been fast & quality is great.
drive safely! I'm rising and get ready for some grinding!
that is a message more people need to hear In NM. Thank you.
7:21 mile, best yet but room for improvement
You say that I am still a child, but because it is children like the most pure and true love ...
omg u guys. Haha. I'm happy to see you guys hanging together again. So, when are you two gonna make plans to see me? lol
sup not going home again?
THE DAY GEROGE ZIMMERMAN GOES TO JAIL, OR IF & WHEN THE BLACK PANTHER FINDS EM, WE GON' B POPIN BOTTLES!!!
(2/2) "Question as to whether Doug Manchester will run the paper for the broad interests of SD or narrowly for Doug Manchester's interests"
RT For a guy who's obsessed with public safety, I think Batman drives a little too fast sometimes.
LOL! You play the "crazy" so well tho!! :)
RT : In 1929, household wealth fell 5% in first phases. In this crisis, household bounty fell about 15%. - Austan Goolsbee
is the greatest show on tv. Watching the new episode. I wanna see my tweet on tv please Brah
ready to dive in and get all website about it!
Kanacevic discusses St. Joe's win St. Joe's forward Halil Kanacevic talks about his team's A-10 tournament win over Charlotte.
point taken! will fix shortly
Sometimes the happiest people are the loneliest
Strange. Matt Kemp just hit another homer.
really? Oh this is bad news... thanks though!
Whatever. You know ALL you're gonna do is stay home, watch movies and eat ice cream! :P
Happy Mother's Day Ambher!
Until it sleeps.
praying for you. God loves you.
You are my addiction, and I need more than words to show you.
"I love Christmas music!"
: There are some projects where it's be hard to tell. The film I worked on last year: BIG name talent, who worked for scraps...
Oh, put your arms around me, what you feel is what you are, what you are is beautiful, Oh, you want to get married or run away?
Sometimes it’s the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
thank you for sharing! We are happy to servie the #GlutenFree community.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
well there it is Meryl
huh? It's true I can even send you a pic
haha ohmygosh c: That's so funny but sadening.
I'm actually one of the only girls in LEBO wearing shorts.
Spent yesterday in the community next to where Phoebe Prince hanged herself. No good answers there. Many perspectives, none positive.
UW extends the 5-year contracts of Bo Ryan, Mike Eaves, Mark Johnson,and Bobbie Kelsey by another year.
This nigga so silly.... Do the dumbest shit.
We're smiling today because we read rain is in the forecast for this coming Friday. We need RAIN!
a bomb to my plans -__-
hi there! Just working like crazy. In need of some time off for sure. How have you been?
at Caroline's. Finally!
you're profile pic is REALLY awkward...just saying xD
Have just a couple left of my avi
ed in gen is less knowledge based and more based on drawing a main idea from text
hell yeah ! We need to finish it!(:
Damn 500 Tweets Can U Say Twitter Junkie #FuckIt #IDoItAll #ItProblemsHoe #HoeGoHam Im Gone G.F.B. 414 Damage Mode
#dayTripsFromCharlotte in presentation
THANK YOU
Again the final, Japan-20 USA-14. Full report later today at NoLongerMinnows.com. Have a great day.
my bucket list for this particular #endoftheworld only included margaritas as prep for the next one
Audio recap of tonight's show will be sent to after I wake up.
Our system is now updated for Tuesday 4/10
Just watched "Gasland" on HBO. Very upsetting. Everyone needs to watch this before we have no drinkable water left.
Best of luck at your new adventure!
So far we have over 140 registrations from High School and College age students... there's still room for 60 more.
Watching March Madness and loving it. Looks like there are going to be a few upsets today. This is the best time of the sports year.
Break in and rapes is not sumthing u want to wake up to at 3am out of ur sleep knwing u have to go back to sleep
Ladies just because you take a million pictures doesn't mean your a model...Smh
good news, you're only 999, 610 followers away from 1 Mil!
If she cut her bangs/hair a different way, put on makeup, and had me buy clothes for her, she could be really gorgeous maybe.
lol yes gym first!!
we need a picture!?!
Thnx for the retweet. Much appreciated.
put it in a 115 or so word tweet & I can send it out. Make it short enough to get rts. Any baseball fans going?
footloose is quite possibly the best movie ever.
how u been
the next 3 people that follow me get to triple penetrate me
I love how closely tied Spurs and Bayern are this weekend. Like a dream come true.
i DM'd you my number. hmu when ever you want to light one up lol. especially since u do live down the street
Home from office portion of #dayofDH (+ a grocery run) now a break for a few life things before the late shift. About three hrs more to do
Fixed info lit largely for 'set' places (desk tops) for any type of query from a range of established tools (databases, etc)
SAME. I can't wait for snow. Especially untouched snow.
The user experience of iPhone is unmatched. The app experience is amazing too.
Our family is going to be holding a military memorial ceremony @ Cross Plains Legion on June 9 to honor my late father-in-law Arthur Pierce.
Scallops are sold out everywhere...at least there's always pasta primavera
brain gas is what you get from too much thinking, followed of course by brain farts, none of which is cool...
Ugh I'm so confused! Ppl always say to me "yeah your my BFF" and all that, but then when I ttry to talk to them they ignore me?! So weird!
I dont think he sees how much I love him, or how bad it hurts me when he acts like im invisible. But yet we still end up 2gether somehow </3
Subscribe to my channel on you tube cityboygang
Awesome name, and he looks the part RT : Toledo QB Brogan Roback threw' very well' today for #Badgers WR coach Zach Azzanni
Determine what you have or can do of massive value & market it. We ALL have something to offer.
>>> High, nice meeting you too ;)
System issues are causing the HS/HSL's library catalog to be down and preventing access to e-resources.
Give us a listen BELOW See our page & friend request us at REVERBNATION www.reverbnation.com/furiosity
Happy Monday fellow tweeps! Whats for lunch?
I don't wanna work on my French project
hahahah too funny. I'll see you in a week my man
the main thing I do is surf & no one will take me to the beach .
Man come on, did the defense even show up to play?
hey guys go follow his tweets r awesome :)
went to the ER and everything man
Where can I buy sexy female soccer clothes?
Since men are like dogs, shouldn't we chop their balls off, unless we plan on showing them
what do you mean dan
And again my side of the bed has been taken over...as well as the other side.... Bed hog..
Siri! Should I buy iPhone 4S or wait for iPhone 5 ??
Suspension training seems like tons of fun. Who's tried it???
Needed 50,000 same sex couples to move to Montana & take total political control. 2008 ~ McCain 242,763 & Obama 231,667. Why not?
HAPPY BIRHTDAY!!!!!!!!!! hope it's great cause you deserve it :) <3
Alcohol ban in Manchester ahead of tonight's match
Yeah... he really blew the delivery on that one. Evidently, Kemp Kr. is the 5th son of a Sonic to play for UW.
I Do Too!
Can't wait to do some serious dev on 5,000 Cool Facts tomorrow. It's our fall book with - you guessed it - 5,000 knock your socks off facts.
were is your helment
#wedontcare if the system's bumpin loud
Wish ppl would chill the fuck out bout and
EVERY WEDNESDAY AT HALLIGAN: $2.50 You Call Its! All Bottles, Drafts and Cocktails Only $2.50 All Night!! Open At 5pm
I'm having a blast, but this heat is killing me! What happend to the winter?
“: in the burbs where struggle rappers prevail” fuckin A doggy was gone say come kick it G
Keep those song requests coming in!
Michelle Bachmann says they'll drop to $2 a gallon if she's elected. Maybe she can bring hamburger down to $.79 a pound too!
Home from Temecula...Pala Casino show... Fun?
OMG I just watched the trailer for "saw VI" they are making another one?
Dear google+: instant upload is a terrible idea. Time for damage control. Oops.
just finished my introduction ready to turn it in first thing Tuesday!
A hipster just pissed their skinny jeans
girls i respect
Lmfaoo RT : Too busy with Fap ? Oh boy RT : chibsa85 ill tell u when im free :)
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO?!?!?! #OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you!!! <3
haha you heard that too? Lol at least we know why though!(;
haha just another way to make a dollar.
Call back for a super-funny commercial! Fingers and toes crossed! :)
That firefighter contract was going to expire in June 2013. .
Going out for a drive ^.^
Anyone wanna clean my room?!
#Thatawkwardmoment when someone catches you talking to yourself
yeah I don't know anything about Adonis Thomas but obviously they saw something. I bet Obie get cut & Thomas makes PS in the end
So ready for lunch!
The internet taught me about a new philanthropic opportunity; support cats suffering from urine scalding! But don't Google Image search.
wow!! Amazing video bro like mind blowing well done,god bless ima post it on my blog. Keep at it...I suport u a 100 percent ;)
Yeah I think It's time for
oh yea I love low goal
Today was chaotic but it ended well
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year
thank you to everyone who came out last night!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!
What the CL guys told me is that if I updated thru Itunes to 3.1 (did accidentally) then it can't be done. Yet...
Cooking with is fun!
Will miss you #GrantWilson. Carry on team.
Yep lol RT : Why is the INGOP debate on every single channel? What a bunch of Dicks.
that's my wish as well because been about a year since joe tweeted me.
this was just on #instagram. :D
it's not polite to lie...Geez.
That awkward moment when ur mom Is texting ur dad and she sends it to u instead and it was about u
Thanks boss for leaving me at work by myself while u go to oaks... By the way I'm currently not doing my job from now till close
Last night in Cali! Time to go hard and crazy !!!
Who will be our VISIONARY Now? God Bless Steve Jobs! and Thank you Steve for sharing your time on earth with all of us.
A new fitness client asked if there's an easy way 2 get into shape & lose weight. Pills? Injections? Quick diets? "No, ... only Discipline!"
dope. Do you want me to keep it 3D like that in the same perspective? I can keep it the same and add what you wanted.
Lance McDaniel- who are you texting? Me- I'm tweeting. Lance- even better... You're texting the world!
fuck man. it just hit me that tomorrow the video for more than this will come out.
yes! so much awesomness happened from thurs - sunday...most of it involved bbq and music. :)
I wish I made a copy of my #Oscar picks because in my head I think I'm winning. Here's to hoping I'm not disappointed tomorrow!
hahaha. U still got urn phone? Hahahaha
Trisha Yearwood (finally) has a cooking show, you guys.
haha yea!(: that class cracks me up!
depends on the surgery.
Joanna, there's a way to find people to network with in Columbus, tweet back and I'll give you the place to do it at.
I need some posters :x
is there ever a good day for it???? If so, I have not found it.
Watching the old guy behind me JAM TF OUT in his car and wandering if I look that goofy every time a good song comes on..
good one. thanks
Finished F is for Fugitive, and it's still #fridayreads, so I get to tweet again - think I'll start on Kick-Ass. Or maybe The Wouldbegoods.
Ughh I just, I don't know what to say!! Where's that quote when you need it?
Longest drive EVER just took place... I'll miss the Kenwood kids tomorrow. Will be back Monday :)
First week of school wasnt as bad as I thought but it defiantly wasn't good lol
RT : TRUST ME... You'll want to be following & and all our bars this summer!!! You'll thanks me later :)
mine on my Android seems to be working
Bring your friends to to watch the #RANGERS & #KNICKS play on one of our 30 flatscreen tv's!
he should be back tonight!
- but sporting a rockin' 'stache certainly helps...
Attention musical artists of Chicago! Check out CENTER STAGE OPEN MIC COMPETITION! We are looking for the best performers to compete!
hey thanks for the RT!
(I'll be looming forward to tomorrow night ;)
You are just the sweetest! The "lady with all the questions" is my aunt!
That's what that is????
haha crystal said im a entertaining person :p
Have a great time in FL! I look forward to hearing about the conference and all of those interviews you've completed.
Thank you For Singing to me on my way to school My Ipod has been blessed
BBZ I LUV YOU (a good email or a bad email?)
OMG I WANT THAT
dude how you know that?
You're the best little bro a sister can have! I LOVE U!
Sure. I'm actually producing a travel a travel series on the ancient Maya, focusing on Yucatan, 900 AD.
gonna go take pictures, you know... cause there's nothing better to do.
We would love to host your next project! is lurking if you want to chat with someone about it.
'Income does not equal wealth' -Millete Birnhanemaske, Investment Executive
Accidentally ordered a venti coffee
It's funny how Twitter is sometimes -- just mentioning interview/features & it confused what I was doing. Things should be back to normal.
I've had #CollinsCold for over a year now! It'll never go away.. im okay with that(:
College football makes everything a-ok! LOVE this time of year!
relaxing at the condo! bout to go to diner!
Happy Valentines Day!
Hate to see mf got jump on people. Scary hoes. That dat shit I dont like.
oh my gosh, yes! ❤ You're too amazing, darling.
I'm gonna stop worrying about what others think of me and just be myself
Had awesome sea bass filet at Crazy Water in Milwaukee Sunday night. A nice night with my lovely wife.
I love winter time in San Francisco
thanks for the tweet! ^JM
I can't promise trailer till June (but I've seen cuts of a teaser, 1 min, and theatrical). Poster soon FOR SURE!
Tonight is my junior Prom and I'm not going. :(
I'm sorry #Redskins fans. The #Jets just put a fork in it. You're done for the day.
much obliged!
: If Kobe loses to the Nuggets - there will be a fallout! Somebody has to take the fall for this collapse.
there sure is! Shoot our support team an email and they'll walk you through "householding"
So...if we waited until the deadline to sign De Ghea, Young and Jones everyone would be going bonkers..tidy work Fergie!
haha nice to know
I don't believe in that "let someone go and if they come back they truly yours" shit.. If you truly love someone, you'd never let them go
Oh great, I just opened one of those links. So if I send you those stupid emails, sorry.
use carmex lip balm. Its the best and safe
Found the 1st 3 books in the Mortal Instruments series at Half Price Books!
Note to self - don't eat a handful of triscuits directly before running several miles
: We're gonna eat first. Give us an hour or so?
