i mispelled your username and tweeted the wrong person lol
So mrs. Obama is going to be on iCarly. I don't remember seeing any other 1st ladys anywhere on tv before...
Tuesday NIght in DENVER Masterpiece Ballroom <3 BEDROCK SexIest Local ARTSIT up and coming <3
I'm the same way!! He's afraid I'm gonna bring home another animal every week! Lol
Chris Brown - I Needed You <3
Yes! The Country Network is working again!
All 3 defensive backs that were taken in the first round are from the SEC
Because ADD is awesome.
Live like SPONGEBOB. Laugh out loud all day without any reason & annoy the mean people with your happiness.
"American Masters: The King of Late Night" about Johnny Carson was on earlier & I missed it, good on PBS for replaying it at 1 AM PST
It's Wednesday that means another staff meeting!!! We are working on some really amazing things for #AnacostiaDC!
Come on butler!!
of course, I'll DM you my info
Well that's true.
Trance Trance Trance Trance Trance
I'd agree with that!
I'm late to the #Pinterest party but now can
me too. Were u singing Zombie in ur head while watching? I was. Haha :D
Every netbook I've used (5 or 6 models) has multiple USB ports. Doubtful any version of Photoshop would run on any of them.
Listening to the old school jb!!! #JonasBrothers!!
It is AWESOME! Congrats !!!!!
roller rink later with my daughter, Abagail. and with her daddy :-)
Be yourself!!!
Thanks for following us back!
OMG!!! Steve!! She replied to you!!!! Awesome!!
One two Freddy's coming for you.Three four better lock your door.Five,six,grab your crucifix.Seven, eight,gonna stay up late.Nine,ten,
Tryna figure out when will bein NYC on myspace... yall needa website also wtf is the new myspace layout, thats not what I used
Can you smell the Holidays approaching? Close your eyes n step outside n feel the wind surround you like a warm hug that is happy to see you
#shoutout to all my nonfollowers and unfollowers..... I see you stop asking for a followback just to unfollow a few days later.
I feel like I'm a kid again. Living in a homestay, I have a new mom, dad, and sister, and have to be home for dinner each night by 18:30.
We have an opportunity to embrace the changing world to get more of these types of jobs here
#VHP doesn't seek out interviewees; relies on the public to participate. Balances data vs untrained interviewers
Is ready to do nothing this weekend but relax! (and work on her video)
How do, or would you recommend keeping up w/ daily tasks, or projects your working on to be more efficient w/ your time?
So bored!! Chillin at my gma house, got dignosed with bronicitus... so took some meds and coughing.. nothing good on tv.. this sucks
Just handed the gavel to our new chair Tara Murray ! It's going to be a great year!
^tlTonights another Hot One @ Cup of Joe, that's right the Art of Conversation, Poetry at it's best, don't miss another hot show by E THE...
Our daughter's uncle brought over a VCR tape of her when she was little. Now I have to find out who can convert it to DVD.
TWEET ME N ANY PORN STAR YOU THINK WOULD BE HOT SCENE TO DO TOGETHER TELL ME DETS WAT YAL WANT TO SEE I'M DWN IS DEY RT RT RT
Understand Me
yea I remember that Dave...we thought his coach was a genius and they went on to win a couple of back to back state championships
#FF my bro
why we in a level 2 lockdown . o.O
“I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.” – Donald Trump
If they can develop convenient amnesia regarding 2000-2008, they can forget ANYTHING.
“: Second sighting of the week at Warners party” // umm Sir Paul!?!?
Happy Birthday Taylor ! xD
knucklehead is one of the best movies ive ever watched. hilarious
There was on Sheriff F1. They Freeway squad ch (Sheriff Primary Dispatch)
#edchat ~you can have teachers W great intentions but if the system is flawed~& its is~the outcome will not change
oh go home
Just brushing up on my DDR skills.
There is more info on CA Customer Experience Mgr on IBM's partner site than there is on CA's own website. not kidding.
i know a good lawyer.
#NNS1yr suggested everyone following this hashtag follow
love the product. Make sure your mobile site it activated...
Nothing says Saturday like working while having a nice brewski and watching Rick Steves.
Shane was hotter! And maybe she knows the baby is his.
SERIES FINALE of #OTH tonight at 8 on CW20. What will you miss the most?
Guys stop , Austin is getting his pizza. Cool your meezies down (;
Thanks for following me! Hope you enjoy my art
I hope I can stay awake until #Thrones tonight
Me and tweet in school. Cause we're just that fucking hard.
AH #IFEELGOOD NICE HOT BATH FEELS GOD :)
<-- best thing i ever had <3
did i miss justin bieber or something :(
just love ohio flies by thanks so much Peach!
Being a Carolinian myself, here's an insightful post from follower friend It gets you thinking.
Workin on some new ish tonight
it doesn't. it's a necessary evil, unfortunately. good for you for getting started early.
Ouch! All I could think of after that near accident: Dad has a bike! And Dad knows as much about A&P as you.
Finished early- thankful Monday played nice. Hubby home, he took over the kitchen...I love that about him. ♥
lik that tweet loll
More chances for a FREE rental coming soon.....Stay tuned!
I'm good!! What about you? :)
First of five shows begins in less than 6 hours!
bring montay back for the show
Commissioners speaking to a resolution honoring Addie Wyatt, fierce, pioneering Black lady in labor. Long list of accolades...
“: I miss being a kid. No one cares how you dresses, we were all friends, and you could be yourself.”
I'm disappointed in ma manz t.r.u.s.t dukez cuz he showed no luv on ma bday but itz all gravy no luv lost!
THE City, man, THE City. Baghdad by the Bay. San Francisco.
Veterans in Communities will have a FREE grill out for students and staff TODAY from 11am-1pm in Quad or Theatre (if rain).
Yipes! That isn't supposed to do that, pretty sure.
Third trend is Identity Management - This includes name disambiguation, but also includes access authentication and crowdsourcing
If you have 1.3 spare seconds. Tell a friend about MLTM. They will thank you later. ;)
so crazy how I can't eat any food a city is famous for ever again.
I could do without hearing "better bang for your buck" ever again.
Mfckrs be lying for no damn reason at all.
A couple of folks have asked about this: all TILTS DH events are free to the public, no registration required!
there's zero chance that fight isn't Pay Per View. Zero.
Now following---> :)
Yay us! RT : Holy Moly. My and 's book chapter proposal got accepted! I'm so pumped!
My grandpa watches the Brewers and reads about them in the paper, but his mind is going a bit. Calls YuniB Yuni Betanhoff. He likes him alot
Happy birthday Miranda !!
gonna piss that puppy out
Nothing's better than a day of fishing
Stewart just stomped that guy, and shushed the crowd!
Agreed! Happy Anniversary from and too!! RT : Happy 1st anniversary to !!
I totally just took a nap. shh
how did you know?? Seriously I think he was.
Js Taxi- ride in a clean cab for less.Negotiate your rate on some trips. Call for details. (916)501-8171 Sacramento area only.
I guess I've finally grown tired of only reading books no one else has even heard of. :)
Hey Seattle - today is our fav day - #WineWednesday! $10 off all bottles tonight plus live flamenco guitar!
Especially when people stop you and ask your desk height :) : Yes! " It is simply impossible to concentrate right now."
which Weeknd joint(s)?
#GhettoSuperstitions " My shitty car looks good if I put expensive rims on it"
I am starting optional "Tech in 10 Tuesday" 10 min sessions with faculty this year from 3:30-3:40 ~ what are best tools for pre-k-8?
My aunt just informed me celibacy is wrong.
hopefully you're not as much of a wuss as some girl I used to know. She would freak out so much when there was thunderstorms lol
It's Safety Week at Kleen Test Products!
Nice day for an interview on the rooftop w/ Cherie Nelson
Uh oh there's a hash tag
Haha Y U SO SUCK!? ALL TIME.
I also don't hate LeBron, I hate his decision to leave my team. Therefore, I don't wish him well. Plain and simple.
diggin that rogue stuff! :-)
Drinking isn't my thing either BUT there is the Detroit Symphony Orchestra and the Detroit Institute of Arts :)
Me too! I hope they look cool!! We should have lunch to discuss. Haha.
It's really funny!
When the hell did their become so many damn social media sites?
this aint bout sex with yu i just love the thought of being next to yu
Never fear, my dear, it'd never happen here!
System Test. Sorry for the inconvenience...
Looking for pandora/last.fm music streamers to answer a few questions tomorrow for my job. Let me know if you are interested
Ima call this one a wrap.
En effet. I blame my American work ethic for seeking excuses to seek beauty & balconies & crepes. Ca y est! CDG here I come.
oh I'm excited to watch. Shhh don't ruin it for me!
Calling for Chip Kelly's head?
#thx4following - have a great #weekend!
U cannot do yoga.Yoga is your natural state.What u can do r yoga exercises, which may reveal to you where you r resisting your natural state
Seeing a porn star in real life is kind of like seeing a movie star. But different.
How much is a boat load? I guess it depends on the boat?
Damn, the Thunder have had 13 turnovers??
Lions management needs to invest in some anger management classes for Suh!
Just went to see #Bully with Deviance and Crim students, where we all cried our faces off. So troubling.
I have no where to rant anymore. Maybe I'll make another twitter for that.
What a week! Going to unwind with a big ol' beer and the series finale of my favorite show, #MONK!
Im so lucky to have friends that are there for me when im down. Oh wait, I don't! Haha.
Celebrating the Nature Conservancy of Canada&#39;s Golden Anniversary
I thought i told ya, imma star.
Laughing at something so hard that you cry even though it's not even that funny...
wutup natasha! No, not on this tour. Next one for sure!!
Heading to Los Angeles to attend "Dances with Films" festival- "SCALENE", Sat, June 4, 9:30pm. Starring Margo Martindale, I play ex-husband
These GOP candidates are ridiculous. I cant WAIT 2 watch #Obama wipe the floor w/ any of them, no matter the winner.
"how was ur dinner?" "good, I finished everything but the vegetables." "story of my life!"
Gay ghetto moment: saying "imma cut ya" and clawing like a kitty
looking forward to her joining!
Listening to Ed Dale talk about this year's 30 Day Challenge and "pre-season"
Lol, gurl I be in my zone! I can't sit still when Bobby Brown comes on!!!
just saw your tweet - got lost in the flurry after the tbbj article
Anyone else going to tonight?
6 buses and 2 trains later, I KNOW WHERE I AM woo
just go away please
thank you for a great game, great atmosphere, and great win last night!
I know! its also the #1 song on itunes right now so its not the least bit creative. but can't help it im a sucker for catchy tunes!
Happy 2 years, GREG MIKE I am sick as a dog but great job!
Thankful for another work day!
Oh, but if they lose, I SINCEREly hope a certain someone is ready for me to cash in on that bet!
but thanks you again for your tweets!
Cousin You Okay?
Carol...D=
have a nice day!
David, are you in the Cape?
so true - WOW was just discussed on RT : Some people lie so much they begin to believe their own bullshit
Star Trek: The Motion Picture is about a half hour of story packed into 2 hours of 1979's brand new special effects.
Fast Forward
Sunday's event at John's house has been cancelled. Stay tuned for more songwriting workshops coming soon. C U tonight at Gypsy!
Passed out with my music playing >>>
I'm testing out a theory. What is your favourite fruit, and what month were you born in?
hayy girl! hope your doing well!
Thoroughly enjoyed Don 2 in a Los Angeles Theater last night.
Step by step the ladder is ascended. -George Herbert
"Have you ever been to the kitty-cat thrift store? Oh, this is way more important than CSS."
How not to impress me on a date: use the term "factory farms."
how wonderfully devious;) you're like a twitter ninja!!
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
I love your boxer image...looking forward to see the type.
You in Durham now?
Lessons learned about elephants: they are punctual and fast creatures.
sample of diverse audience discussing #Tebow. Rarely seen athlete cross over so quick
Context Objects: Embedded/ Latent Allowing Citations As Needed To Html
RT Who's the "highest-testing character" on any of NBC's shows this season? The monkey in a sitcom called "Animal Practice."
lol send me some money
I DON'T HIT FEMALES BUT I SWEAR IF I HAVE TO I'LL KNOCK A BITCH THE FUCK REAL FAST TOO!! Ctfu
congrats on your engagement!!
Monkey Knife Fight Pale Ale for lunch @ rubicon brewing co. I just like to say the name...good #beer too.
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
Enjoying all the great food for the #Tasteofspring food festival.
Sometimes the difference between making it safely across the street and getting struck by a vehicle lies in a light hop run-step
yes ma'am!
i slept till 2:30 today. it felt so nice
New AB3 contest a hit with surfers: SURF SPECTACLE: Sandy Bay surfer Patxi Scott-Arrieta was one of the standout surfers at the Ocean...
You're not the only one.
"God is so good to me.....I'm truly favored and highly blessed...." - Loretta Divine
You guys were incredible! Thanks for bringing your cowboy talents to GLOE!
I really love the site i use for getting likes and follows to my social network pages. its on my profile
Thinking about getting physical...
I love your mom !
New working title for band: Fat Elvis. ps - anyone want to join a band?
has THE best deals on ink! I just saved 75% over Staples!!
what time is movie night???
OK world, today was unexpectedly good. Let's see if I can build on the goodwill I got at work today and make Friday good too. Now to sleep.
Went to sleep at 4am why am I up?
Going to the beach today with friends. :-)
RT I have so much energy right now I just want to blast arabic music and dance all over the house lol
How about Pete Campbell getting busted up by the old brit Lane Pryce? This is how we settle disputes after MEB camps too
Cowboys are definitely one of the most popular and recognizable teams, particularly in Mexico. Steelers up there too.
I'm excited to graduate but sad because I'm friends with so many underclassmen. All the more reason to visit next year! :P
where did u find the pic at?
Lol everything is all good
..these are great
Kids should sit in their assigned seats. Period.
Slipping to the dark side... Watching Never Say Never and I'm actually entertained.
When u cant get out of a class were u dont no anyone & theres 22574027 group projects
Implementing global despair protocols
Ready to kick off season? Stop by #RIT Simone Plaza this Thursday, 10:45-11:30 am, for the E-Dragster Race preview.
i need a new phone.
Good: found a cool new website: brainpickings. Bad: found it cuz student plagiarized from it.
Did the #163jumper jump? Is he dead? I want to justify this traffic. #callousbutisodon'tcare
I need to get to bed. The alarm goes off in 4 hours 13 minutes ...
There's nthing drkr & more twisted than a teenage girl, except mb one who's a cheerleader. Reagan Arthur on Abbott's Dare Me.
Halfway through yogato challenge.
Hey guys! We're looking for someone who could help out with a website of ours. It's configured with Drupal. Any takers?
well try and have some fun and dont let the ratchet people prevent you from having fun
thanks for the follow keep it green, bean.
RT Giancarlo Stanton extends his hit streak to 10 games with a 2-run HR in the 4th. May have been a broken bat HR.
my keyboard squeeks
What a beautiful day, we have a great view from #OAG Come bowl, and take a movie while you're here too!
waz up , thanks for following me ....
Lets go!! I'm your warrior dash DJ tomorrow! Come find me on the main stage and I'll give u a CD!
Just got the new album. Someone want to play some cymbals for me tonight?-- I want to stay home and listen to this on repeat.
My first name is Ana-Jamileh. I have NO middle name.
don't u just feel like crying
Justin biebers birthday :) !!!!!!!!
What's with Twitter? 1 comment from 1 hour ago and then it jumps back to 8:29PM March 9. WTF?
hope to see you tonight at USC's Bovard Auditorium for my album release concert to benefit Egypt!
Are the existing locations at The Corner and University Blvd. not connected?
Eek! "TnT:SVU"... the thought makes me cringe a little.
Awe, thanks Amber!(: I'm always here for you!
Knicks better beat the Clippers.
Hanging with tonight, grabbing a quick dinner and checking out the against the at MSG!!
Pissed the fuck off. . .? Yeah pretty much
Yeah, that's my mistake. Amelie Mancini. Yoiks.
Just starting #carlsononthelaw on
It is my pleasure to announce we have have a new cast member! Danny is about to become a huge freaking star, y'all!!!
that's kind of how it is, you know? :)
Times like this i wish i could sing.
Lol yeaa #texasweather it will only stay like this for like one more day! Lol
this theoretical "new office" would be a great place for a sweet amp. I sold my electric and my bass is at work. //
I'm listening to the Lily Pond Orchestra track "Invisible Oceans". A gentle, pleasing track.
RT : Lorenz Hart - lyricist half of Rodgers and Hart. Wrote My Funny Valentine was born this day in 1895
Please tell me why you care so much??? I just would punch him in the face!!!
Where good
Today in Blues History: The Memphis Jug Band recorded “Insane Crazy Blues” November 7, 1930, in Memphis, Tennessee, for the OK label.
my bad homie, I was in a loud place!
whats wrong with me?
dear earth, hope u feel better soon.
It would be cheaper to just throw a whole salad onstage.
Yeah! Up by 35# from my last 1 RM! Thanks.
I'm bout life bitches
Back in Cincinnati gotta work
if you're not busy this saturday, we'd love to see you at soma again <3
I want to but idk hbu
There are four fundamentals textbooks that beat theirs. Handily.
Working on this summer's to do list and first up is our newest addition to the blogging family... #B&B
I'm going to sleep now. Nite-nite Twitterland, sweet dreams to you all. Let's see how well I'll be able to sleep tonight. :(
The wind outside whistles with discontent for america and it's poor choices.
Aly does Hellcats hav any new episodes comin on?
Argh. Typos on Twitter on the worst! Fixed and reposted. Thanks! :)
well Happy Birthday!!
": 2 hours 40 minutes away from being done with this shit!" :(
what up big homie!! What's good wit it?
i want to do some destructive shit
#10favouritebands THE SCRIPT
Green Giant claims their package of broccoli w/cheese sauce contains 2.5 servings. For a 2-year-old, maybe. Back to fresh, homemade.
OK, need more friends to discuss about Apple Mac app.
Fantasy Baseball Advice: 10 Latest 'Sell High' Fantasy Trade Options - Bleacher Report
YOU CAN TELL IT'S ABOUT 2 GO DOWN BY THE MUSIC SHE PUTS ON... LOL
get better fam!
Sounds yummy: RT : The St. Pats Specials are Pistachio Creme Brule, "Thick" Mint Cookies and Mint Choco Chip Macarons.
Spending the day editing everyone's photos!
i can't wait for #teenwolf prom ep :"D
ah yeah ah yeah ah yeah
If you could pick one color that Sporting Blue looks the most like what would it be? I'm thinking baby blue.
Thanks for the kind words and shout out, Adam.
I believe that some day we will be doing intellectual, cultural and literary history at the level of the sentence. That is the big idea.
Phil Cunningham is a great hire by Ray Harper at Western.
we gettin deep into my white people crate tonight.
Crying 'cause of Small Bump. That song. Just tears. <3
Certainly doesn't HELP tourism
Thats why i pick & choose, i dont get shit confused.
Flight delayed 3 hours. I need to start keeping track - flights rarely go as planned.
Cocoa Almond Spread
TESTIFY - Andy Pettitte is on the stand at the U.S. District Courthouse for the Roger Clemens perjury trial
who r u bro ? do i know u or something ? why are u asking for add on fb ? lol am i right ?
I think I jus encountered my first serendipity moment
Looking at IMDB. No wonder is not wrestling. He has two movies coming out in same year. Journey 2 and GI Joe. #balling #giveme$20
(c) is almost as fantastic as I am" Harry: I saw a 40 yr old women in the incline, she was hot" Niall: I LOVE PRIMANTI BROTHERS.
i suppose. Id rather watch this than one of these teams blowing out any other team in the country.
We're glad we could help with that :)
It's bound to get hot in the summer, but the summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse of a town.
Fear trumps truth in Jacques Tourneur’s '47 Out of the Past—a chronicle of greed, deceit and love run amok in a mesmerizing noir masterpiece
“: Thanks for the RT. I hope that doesn't make me a writing jagoff, lol.”. It doesn't lol
wonders if 'dry clean' really actually means 'dry clean ONLY' or if it's just a suggestion.
There's snow hope for survival! : I'm going to write a #SyFy disaster movie about these snow storms called "Snow Way Out."
I have 11:11 on replay(: Its such a great song! #1<3
oh there's much more to come.
Doubt that...": Back to #clippernation shit... #LobCity bitch!.... #Spurs let's see if they shoot like that all series..."
too quiet?
lies boy then palms sweaty then a penguins belly lmao
Yes you do my friend! Enjoy! So glad we can share in the moments :-)
#IHateWhen you and I are so close... But then we fall so apart.
Thank you for the mention!
Do you have any great resources for royalty free music for patron videos?
#travel day to #Iowa for grandma's 80th birthday! We got a pig roast and square dancing planned!
Yes he is. :D
U have 2 wait 2 find out but there 2 of the main characters on the storyline and some other characters included on the cover
Having a great time with 's parents at their place; I must add the city views from here are spectacular.
Happy International Literacy Day! What is your fave title in the Jewish Encounters series?
I like the word "clockwise"
Congrats to for the big help award!C:
Yeah! I'll keep voting!
I LOVE YOU so much ❤
What a beautiful day
I want it as a styled shoot but I don't want to style :) sometimes im lazy
How was your day?________
So im watchin NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE this movie funny but this movie so stupid thoo lol
love your show :-)
Hi Pam, my pleasure -- thanks for the follow as well! Looking forward to following your tweets
not to be all bragster bragsterini, but my white chocolate cream cheese frosting might change your life.
What a beautiful day in the Mile High! Stop in and see us we're open till 9! :)
In a Great Mood :) perfect time to sleep!
Leslie Cochran, Austin's iconic and beloved homeless, political activist, cross dresser has passed away.
That's disrespectful to me..
or we could go run at promitory point they have steeper hills.Let me know when your down!
New Year's Resolution: book more gigs
FUCK YEAH! PACERS WON'T GET SWEPT!
What's up with everyone today? :) rebelriotpromotions.webs.com
It gonna be alone
I hate that damn song!....My kids sing it all day
not too much, went into town and had to get my tire fixed, it had a nail in it and was almost flat, then just relaxed
Niall: why aren't we moving?! Liam: we're on land -.-
Pathetic girls.... Hilarious
S/O to these people for being real and awesome people
Shout out to the Jersey boys I just met at the hotel hot tub, thanks for disproving the Jersey stereotypes while still maintaining hot abs.
that's one of my favorite songs right now.
Happy mothers day mama!! Thanks for being an amazing second mother to all us mahomies! We love you!<3
Definitely- how are you doing? Thanks for the RT as well-
The time is always right to do what is right. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
Ladies, Great event last night, I was very impressed by how well organized it was from point A-Z! Keep up the great work!
Prob going to dial in on the call, you will moderate?
YUUS. I CANT WAIT TO MEET YOU. asdoifasl. OMG~
#140cuse It was Wayne Gretzky who said "I stake to where the puck will be, not where it is."
i have my AP WH exam tomorrow.
#Breaking should each state be allowed to drug test welfare recipients?
tyvm. executing 'plan b' atm, but appreciate your offer + will keep it in mind. btw, is your server powered by faerie magick? ;)
Thanks! :) (But don't forget that if you don't put something before the @, only ppl who follow both accts will see it).
Lol I don't know why people keep msging me on I am available on They should contact me here
Ok Pacers
is it time for dinner yet?
Sorry I didn't get a chance to introduce myself Dave. Hope to get another opportunity
flight delayed but should take off soon. Tech problem.
Happy Military Spouse Appreciation Day everyone! We are extremely thankful for all the sacrifices that you & your children have made for us
To all my new people that r fallowing me thank u
Getting really excited for you all to see the Marvelous Mud exhibitions. Plus, shhh...we are launching an app tomorrow.
I'm so inspired, I'm ready to kick a door in.
Bonjouuuuuuuuuuur Bella :D'
But not Bertha Lopez. Interesting. Of course, she was the only one to consistently question Gandara...
Haha, I thought Matt Hunter is sick. Haha ;))
yes, i got another job :)
Got to drive 3 different friend's cars today. A jeep, a civic, and an audi. Sorry, and , But.... Aaron's audi >>>>
Thank god
I am trying to embed in Wordpress. Sites apparently makes it easy.
Especially if provides snacks! ;)
It's 1am almost and I really want to go out and get something to eat, but it's raining... Suppose I could use an umbrella but...
How am I supposed to study when it's so nice outside and so close to the weekend??
Won the tournament!! Haven't lost a game yet in the spring..Both my knees are killin me, and my foot hurts again tho. I NEED to take a break
just come knock on my door when you get here. if you're not in by the time i leave, i'll put it in your mail box!
Went to park with daughter today and saw some teenage hooligans. Remember when that was us?
He gonna be mad I can't get down there because I'm not spending any money
Oh that is so sweet of you! We definitely love using social media to connect with our patients & Columbus :)
I don't think its that late out rite now
I expect to see a lot of Cinco De Mustaches at tomorrow's tailgate. That is all.
Fuck ya bitches c:
Once again turning to my twitter friends. I'm looking for socks for a guy that say "I am creative. I am hip. I am cool' You know? Any ideas?
Need. More. Sleep. -_-
only in your icon
My life is one long #MadMen episode. Well, really only the clownish, nebbishy parts about Harry. But still.
This Just In: Brandon Phillips can play a little defense.
what part do u live in?
Great Total Security Summit workshop on the Ipact of Accurate Identification on your Bottom Line presented by Gary G. Jones!
I'll FOLLOW WHO TWEET FOR FOLLOW ME. PLEASE GUYS TWEET (:
got my poster in the mail today! That poster is sick! Love it! Thanks again...
Dinner meeting!
4 months with the baby! :D♥
Just bought my new website, cant wait to get it up and running :)
Let's get to 700 followers by tonight, eh? eh?That's 11 more dance fiends!! Lezzz Go!
The house of your dreams might mean looking past that overgrown landscaping, shag carpet, orange kitchen counter and dark green paint.
AmberMichelle94 you should get me a dr pepper from qt and ill pay you back
um hoping he didn't die bc I will not be able to deal !
You are welcome and thanks for the compliment. It was a fun show to perform and the great crowds are special to us.
So I find my all time favorite pair of shorts and I put them on the realize I ripped them up the side awhile back
the Sixers will be 1-0 against playoff teams when Turner starts and gets a triple double while playing on Tuesdays after tonight
Lolololol RT : If lying was a job, I know someone who would be a billionaire.
you get the new one?
um yeah right , cheater
I'm creepily adding this pizza picture to my phone's photo library for the next time I'm tipsy and hungry in Williamsburg.
was not expecting that at all
Went from having no job to having two overnight. I'm going to be pretttyy busy today
ONE MILE SHORT OF 100 for the month. Looks like I'm going for short run tomorrow before work. ;)
Every time I go to a restaurant,I'm just shocked by how rude people are. I've been shoved by obese 40 year olds all day.
no, it's stupid. Way too much drama and unrealistic expectations created for us average guys to make every date like those...
Plus, I bet Pride this weekend in New York is going to be *amazing*
Ok,here we go now. Another day in da "throw all ya crap at me" life of Nolagoose. Think I will change all my profiles & start over, again!!!
Vegetables are your best bet when it comes to losing pounds. Nature has a terrific spread when it comes to choosing vegetables
EarthFare or Home Economist has them! Good luck! :) Who's the lucky eater?
great to hear, thanks! Can't wait for the film release as well. Our THOR VO trailer coming soon!!
I'm in CO enjoying my last day of vacation. I'm ready to go home to LA and get back into the grind!
Be sure to tune into Indy, Channel 13 news this evening to see the "What's cool in school" segment!
i have to go 2 the dentist tomorrow to get my teeth cleaned wish me luck(: <3
Lol KD's doodle jump commercial.
I think that playing dress up begins at age five and never truly ends.
Thanks - same to your Sheri.
You are no longer created equal, but to be improved and changed
Stephen A. Smith Is Destroying Tim Tebow Right Now! Hilarious!
Sometimes I do open mic there. Am working on a new band right now. Playing Especial tomorrow at 4 p.m., @ Rackspace
pure honesty <3
The Zeiss lenses are all manual focus. Which is sometimes nice... But sometimes not?
crank up the volume turn up the volume .
Yes. But only with one person :/
Watching Natural Born Killers. Everything about this movie is SO 1994. And I'll have L7 "Shit List" stuck in my head all night.
If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 mph, you're gonna see some serious shit
This is why I'm so fat.. I eat wendy's at this time.
Girl You Are So Right
ditto bro!!
what up boi!
Anyone going to #Netroots looking for a roomie for that Tuesday night?
Ingenious disposable cup. No lid. Creators Herman & Bascome presenting at Creative Mornings.
Just sitting here in Texas wondering if you still a Rock Star in India!
ah hope ya having fun, obviously got over the jetlag quick 2 b out again lol! Rupert Everett spot#Fail x
Does anyone else find these anti compact fluorescent lighting whiners totally annoying?
I'm a huge fan pls follow me... I love your music...
I am just another nothing.
15% of adults engage in half of all sexual activity.
Excellence is in the details. Give attention to the details in everything you do And excellence will come. No detail is too small. -G. Allen
Watch out for your so called friends their the main ppl that'll stab you in the back
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race. -- H. G. Wells
": Top Flight security gaurds of the world creig lmao
Considering I usually have 2 coffees total....YES.
That would be good as well. Apple doesn't half ass MBP design refreshes though.
I ordered these cute heels and they fit me too big!!
I haven't quite mastered the art of sharing! And apparently I'm a beer hoarder :)
ill have to check that book out sound very interesting.. i loved you on the hill you were thr life of the party
Night!!! Finally home
This is gonna take cracker jack timing.
shittt I was just thinking bout it
Is the little foam puzzle piece for #1 backwards? For a school board mailer? I could be wrong.
Thanks for the follow!
that's the shit!
Damn, that was a long night
Any way to see David Attenborough's BBC Frozen Earth Final episode here in the U.S.? Let us know.
Thanks for the shoutout.
I am so sorry...
I'm so excited that we can see the status and chime in without twenty million steps. Thanks for getting the word out!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
yep! i produced
living in a time zone where pretty little liars isnt on for like 2 more hours. woo
Sugar fenna get knocked out.
What are your plans for the game tonight? Any great bar deals around town?!
I am currently in an intermission. I will return to regularly scheduled tweeting, shortly. Until then, go get better!
Thanks for blowing up my Twitters. And by blowing up, I mean something like 5 mentions in one day.
congrats on tenure.
Play it out on Madden RT If '96 Packers played '11 Packers, Antonio Freeman says his old team wins.
boca grand veggie tacos are really tasty. AND not too terrible for you. that makes my day.
The nerves of some people is comedy #
I'm wondering at what age I'll stop wanting to get jiggy wit it.
So life has been busy and stressful lately. Poo.
i shouldn't have eaten that sandwich.
I was trying to but it cropped the hell out of the picture smh I hate that! Lol
"And I will always, love YOU" Who's ready to get their karaoke on tonight at 10?
Mega-creep
Yea great, but I don't need to see it again. I just about lost it when he snapped his arms.
Inspiring Excerpt – Little People Making a Big Splash - Little People Making a Big Splash Don’t underestimate the potential in a...
check out our girl appearing in the new USA show Necessary Roughness starting June 29!
iGOTTA THUGG iN MY LiFE ((QUE))
your hopes. your dreams. your everything.
someone: wanna hang ? Me : ohh heck no i'm not ! #BoyzAreBack dumb butt!
All 3 styles now available at Piggly Wiggly in Cedarburg! Go try Hop on Top, Witty White Wheat and Fire Light today!
For some reason my dog sees squirrels as a natural threat.
san francisco <3
Those wings from Brother's were to good. I'm going to have to get some more today for lunch.
RT if you love when Austin says
Work work work. GET MONEY BITCHES(:
Honestly is the best show on daytime...
wow... who are you rooting for American Idol? Phillip Phillips just killed it...
just because you have a gee don't make u a ninja nigga.
uh, let's move on.
NICK!! HOW ARE YOUU? :)
That show kicked so much ass.
I like your microfilm machines better than Mugar's.
Eager to attend my first #ASHE2011 meeting next week. Please stop by the Hopkins booth and say hello.
HAPPY 15 BDAY. im wearing peaces and your necklace today. I hope u day is awesome, we love you soo much :).
I'll apply for this job, but I'm still not quite sure. submitting resume now!!
holy crap! i could meet you downtown after the ballet. or now-ish? just got home from work, but happy to put pants on again.
thanks ok idgaf what you think and I dare you to go to my house and say that to my facw, oh wait you wont because i'll beat u up!
Ironically, Giffords was a gun owner and against gun control.
RT : Mitt Romney would not tell a lie would he? Ask Rachel Maddow.
#FF Making prom dreams come true all over America!
Thanks for following - Looking forward to your updates!
Melo is in the dome!
More live music tonight. Big crowd expected. Band at 9.I don't have a food truck tonight but I would love to have one if your free.
#GoStrick...only four back.
THANKYOU to founding #mothers of #JIT-surrogate moms/aunts/sisters/g-mas that help when no one else did b/c they know our youth are worth it
'habitat' image in from Sarah Lyon
Excited to introduce #Spreecast to everyone I meet at #MashCon!
I have put the picture of me & my sister meeting in a frame in the living room with the pick for every1 to see
(3/6) Sue's clients include Oprah Winfrey, Hillary Rodham Clinton and Maria Shriver just to name a few.
do it! Go to protest!
so glad you enjoyed #dining in #Philly at City Tavern! Huzzah!
Very nice custom twitter page and great eye and laser surgeon, Dr Reza Mozayeni
My back is ruined right now and I have a play a set in about 30 mins.
Afternoon party with old friends, nice!
all he do is smoke weed, lol
end of nba on abc means i am released from the couch at last. Kinda sad.
"there should be a love song about sadness" - hipsters, I bet
People are crazy.
Facebook seems divisive IMO but it is good for Family stuff true dat
I am a basketball ref in Texas. At the high school level, a flop is a technical foul
foreals its because i aint at crockett but im going bak next year
Start slow, guys: kiss your way down her body, teasing her thighs and buttocks, before reaching your goal. sextip
sounds good
In the swamp land
Loving these last few weeks with great friends & family. Graduation is around the corner!!!
you need a better phone than a blackberry....what carrier you with?
I'm out of Baileys. Hello boring drip coffee.
that def touched williams... Coughlin better challenge this... should be G MEN BALL!!!
Haven't heard from the snake bros in a min guess they forgot about a naga
us too! Here in Southern California.
my knee didnt hurt for #wsbob and due to minor snow. knee just shot out in pain. #wscrystal will be a pain in my neck... Grrrrr
sounds great
Pilot season is kicking my butt!
keep your head up! I promise it will get better ð
St. Mary's cardinals going for the title today, good luck!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle " Hell Raiser "
omg that howl is super annoying! its like echoing in my head
Goodies Goodies Goodies!!! www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Love me some USC but dude just looks like a Viking, congrats?
Got a little teary eyed watching that Packer special on the Today Show ... NFL is back!!!
Studying my Script, we start Shooting Early Saturday Morning. Much Respect to TnG Films Director Terence Gordon.
Sorry to bring awful news: just came home from dinner and found my much, much-beloved 12 year-old pug had died, with no warning at all.
but it'll be fun!!
get crazy with the cheese whiz
I don't know what my mom gave me but I feel kinda high. Hope it wasn't Vicodin she knows I'm not supposed to take them.
Looking for something to do today? Come watch Zeitgeist: Moving Forward at the Glas Box on Texas and Cotton! The door is on Langtry St. $5
boyfriend is in rome, italy and i'm in venice, ca. we're both sitting in cafes to write to one another.
- TY 2 u 4 coming out 2 Shoot to Cure HD on fri nite @ Chargers Park! UR support is greatly appreciated.
A: how can we make this a #RVA community thing not just a university thing?
you heard it here
I am stupid; #leeziness at its finest folks.
do you think the are done making moves?
Haha, sure sounds that way. RT : Just got a phone call from a "captain" I won a cruise for two! This has to be totally legit.
Every episode of Saved by the Bell is now on Netflix Streaming.
so we'll just need to work on appetizers for the shower. and i put your table & chair in the van => making progress :)
Great tourney coaches draw something up here to get a great shot. Will Shaka?
Top finish from Suarez
yea ik!!! its such a relief!
happy women's day ♥♥♥♥
Its like your ghost is chasing me, when I'm awake and when I'm asleep. A part of you lives in every part of me. And I can't out run you.!
haaha, omg that would be so freaking cool if we had the same birthday!
hey ! how's it going?
It happened once , and sadly I'm allowing it too happen again . Bcos whatever I do or saay never matters .
keep us all informed. Even though Sam focuses on the coogs, now. Tonight how it should be.
So excited for bday shindig celebration tonight!!!!
Can't wait for the show tonight!
About time we see some scoring!
Can't wait to see “The extra man“ seems like a awesome movie yeah!
Everyone get excited to see part of my life story in the new batman movie this summer, when I'm not playing music I'm actually batman.
I'm a reporter w/, I saw your tweet abt your bro being a Devils fan. Can I talk w/u for a story? Thanks, let me know!
I remember tweeting how it was funny only ENS Alerts texted me. Yeah well jokes on me now. #comebackENS #I'lltreatyoubetterthistime
When strange people chat you on Facebook and ask to hang out...
#cdx2012 Thanks for the social media book. i am sure it will be a good read.
Evan Ortega (: hello
Lmao. I know I'm late but what's with the black nails and Ev you a mess Dennis Rodman's twin. 2funny
": Great Day World! How will you SHINE today?"
Somebody has been sniffing a lot of the Palo Alto air
Found out I broke my tailbone..
#ifiwonthemegamillions I'd buy the trump tower condo above drose and make that the center of my empire
you're right
Shouldn't wine openers be a standard in all hotel rooms in France? Haha.
Sorry I'm not transparent! You can not walk through me no matter how fast your walking!!
Tru dat! RT : #Aquarians have no qualms about breaking tradition or standing up to authority
ahaha yeaa lets goo if u get sleepy ill take ur spot !! Haha WE GOING MIKEY HUNTING !!!!!
Math is my worst nightmare....
Good one. Maybe Leake can do a Cueto impression tomorrow? RT: ": Didnt find Johnny Cueto's Mike Leake impression very amusing"
Woke Up At 4:00 pm...! Was dreaming off Vinny And Mikey running around with there shirts off..!!! Best dream ever =))
By 1902 the Aquarium had 100 tanks and 7 large pools making it the largest in the world. It housed the largest single collection of...
is dat dude
Enjoying a cold XX on Corpus Christi Beach
When try to improve and better the lives of the people you meet you are often rewarded by others returning the favor & lasting relationships
On no! When you know the drill to Hegeman '96 is when I will schedule your intervention.
RT : "The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success." - Henry Ward Beecher
I can't skip anymore spanishes but I get out at 9:55 tomorrow. I'm totally up for it.
RT & Follow 4 Only 3 more to 1000 for the Greek! Who will do him the honors of hitting the mark on Friday the 13th?!?
Cookies for breakfast with a side of coffee. I love my co-workers :)
Afinitor Approval Expanded to Include Benign Kidney Tumors
So excited for my sister coming in town! 😄😃
Nothing to be jealous of here--I still have to go to the gym (ba dum ching!) Cc
i'll let bethany do that!
Ke$ha is my go to girl and then there is always Lil Wayne if I feel like going hard
Got new clothes and stuff ~
yes yes yes!!
You're our winner for The Wombats tickets for Monday! Shoot us an email at to redeem the tickets!
Hi Adam, Thanks for keeping in touch.
I love you. Hope you know that your fucking amazing!
Happy Easter, everyone! :)
The next adventure refugee tv episode will be with surfing and talking about his new book. Stay tuned.
Done and done. Doubtful Sound too!
u still foe tha gym life thursday? Hit me
contact vball regarding open play. All vball teams are sold out for current session but open play is an option
oh ok do u have a new phone
Job apps today. Wish meh luck! XD
#ChicTheNextLev ....It's a thing, make it happen.
studying now going better than I thought. Finished algebra. On to geometry now. Trying to finish math soon. How 'bout you?
What a day.
The #GOP is pack of pathological liers!
Beautiful, sunny day in #Houston today!
talking like a fat person !
Congratulations! Great news.
Mudhouse coffee tasting TODAY at 3!
yeah and if uve seen the cars i ride in u will be amazed
Haha yeah. my dad wants me to run track but i hate running. #FatTogether haha XD
They don't do that in other cities, too?
Tweet me your fitness goals! :)
You know the song, I like big butts... I was being silly, a silly goose! ;)
You're a cutie (:
God, I ran travel for a crappy media outlet in Australia and always flew business! Enjoy it, Never go back!
Fighting aging is a tough . But the right hair and skin care are essential for the battle read my blog where I go over all the latest fads
Thanks for all the support!
RT : Is it really National Cleavege Day? lmao!!! <- seems like it everyday according to some timelines lol!
Don't forget to say your PRAYERS .
Dear audience: I came to hear Florence sing not to hear you shriek every time she moves.
Bored af in the big gym doing a packet of work :l :(
thanks for the shout out!
Watch , he gone in twitter jail again !
YOU ROCK
Headed home after a great night with my LB The #mint is calling our name. Here we go! Lol!
You had a better deal I think. Spot was hot. RT : and you looked amazing. what a brave bookseller!
U CRAZY. LOL.
I would not hug that Big chin h.e ! Erica is FAKE .
Thank you!
Rainy days on the trolley are the worst! Everything gets soaked... But at least I don't have to sit in traffic!
Nice hit by Malone on the PK in neutral ice to break up Hamilton scoring chance
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho always gets hurt
Wow CNN Breaking News - Steve Jobs, the co-founder of Apple, has died, according to the company. He was 56.
Thanks Lisa - thought this would be fun to design these after going through the last 48h!
Text back with yo titties on it!
we find it very helpful, but we always get some kids who enroll late, so there are always wild cards.
Getting rid of them feels good!!!!
I've decided to go vegan and give up drinking. Hope everyone will help and be supportive of my new lifestyle!
Wow thanks YAY!
Well played on the soap bubble reference. Every game is a history lesson.
Kiss your life. Accept it, just as it is. Today. Now. So that those moments of happiness you're waiting for don't pass you by.
Wrote some jokes about God and my whole family sick!, there just jokes God
try gnawing on a book. You know...a subtle hint.
It's hard to follow you, if your bio is full of gramaticral...grummacular...germatricle...nevermind. *follow*
Well I like senior elite so, sorry
exactly my plan too girl.
Just did. ": follow back"
RT : This is valuable SSR time
TL Costa, thanks for following
#nowplaying The Writer - Ellie Goulding. Obsessed.
Thanks for following!
good - how are you?
um u can't be talkin about me.
Because of #CelebrityApprentice, you've gained another fan! Good Luck!
What happened to D Wade?
#incaseyoudidntknow i miss talking to you... alot.
Good Night!!♥
When you are being interviewed on screen, remember show and tell isn’t just for kindergarten. Bring props to help get your message across.
Union Equity, Inc.'s Wholly Owned Subsidiary Receives USDA BioPreferred Certification
The Bucks face the Miami Heat tonight at 6 p.m. Go, Bucks!
SHIPPING IS NOW ONLY 99 CENTS!!!!!!!
me? holding hands with you!? hahahaa
About to head to the mall for anyone up for some coneing???
My son has Tetralogy of Fallot.
I will not buy "Bibles" for Computer Scientists and Engineers.
Red Green
Double Jeopardy with Tommy Lee Jones and Ashley Judd was the #1 movie this day in 1999.
Ohhkkaayyy This Is my last tweet till lunch TIME(;
Is it suppose to be hot today ??
Be sure that you are maintaining HR records as required! If not, this could be very costly for your Company.
Yea me and my friend zakaiya are going to do it every time we here the song----RT > mean for party rock
Walker will be followed by CNN at Hart Park for the Tosa East v Nicolet tonight for his son's game.
beer is awesome
When she lays down with dogs, she wakes up with fleas.
Happy Birthday again <3
Yes, Gregor and Jon mentioned they met our new neighbors! Welcome to the neighborhood!
No idea how to score that. Also nevermind about Cotto landing punches. Throwing them but barely any solid shots.
Just Listed: Turnkey Script Mart -
no worries, it might be a bit of a zoo tonight anyway
Ugh I just wanna go back to sleep
Nobody's looking at your shoes anyway. Unless you wear them.
Absolutely! are you attending the workshops today? See you tomorrow!
mmhmm been craving one all day!
Big thanks to for hosting our Annual Meeting and Campaign Kickoff last night!
MPAA and allies are freaked b/c if SOPA and PIPA are killed (or diluted) it doesn't stop there. Hollywood hegemony is over.
Oh well those must be some pretty damn bright lights
All I'm gunna say is....get a bunt down and put some pressure on
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset Scuffed up shoes :(
Will you be moving to the district that you hope to represent?
Good morning, East Coast. :) <3
In international-ticket limbo land. Hope we figure this out in the next couple of days.
I will not eat the Cadbury Cream Eggs...I will not eat the Cadbury Creme Eggs...etc...
i feel special =)
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart. ~ William Wordsworth
Your Dad sounded like an awesome and fun guy. Hope that time with family in Ohio has been as good as can be.
Gonna have to rewrite ”Motherfuckers Move Slow” to be about the west Seattle DMV.
AH NO!? Ur deff too cool for me.:( hang wif me boo!!
sorry samurai or nothing. Maybe next time... I'm better 1 on 1 anyways.
I just assume everybody works all the time. ;) You must have a dozen internal clocks running!
#Thatawkwardmoment where you have #pornstars following you
Spicy Chicken
Light but steady rain as we head south on I-39 out of Plover. Still tasting the lunch at Jim's Barb-ie-Q Shack in Rapids
Our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch... beautiful
you better quit that habit, its gross!
Bae told me Im on my Boss shit ..haha
horrible fan base
add my LinkedIn page!
Fathers never lose focus of your priorities, your children!
People seem to be extremely amused by my ability to impersonate the characters from "Llamas With Hats."
Yo just got his third strikeout for the #Brewers today... Settling in now.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves. - J. Paul Getty
the help? I have a B+ in communications okay so help me help you :) Why would your cat hate you in the 1st place is it because U
aww, Jackie! You are too sweet! Thank you for your support!!!!
how does it know your timezone? so weird but I love it.
People judge you, no matter where you go .
Happy Birthday!! <3
Excited our new Kentfield rental office is almost ready!!
Do you think Kobe's mask helps him see any better in the eternal darkness of MJ's shadow??
This, you will have.(:
Thx for the follow! Love your benefits and discounts. How can you not join if you're in Central NJ??
Just finished watching the tribute thing on him on Centric.
Lol I'm On Ya Trail
Documents in Rangel matter will be available at ethics.house.gov ... the meeting has just adjourned.
My personal experience w/ tweens- they don't differentiate mediums. Hand-written notes = texts = convo.
said he wants to ride my wood!!
Just donated to Children's Miracle Network. Had my pic taken with two beauty queens. The comparisons will not be flattering.
I Will Not Be Fuckn With Downtown With That NATO shit Going On.
So wait, this "Iron Lady" movie has nothing to do with Tony Stark? WTF? *storms out of theater*
I'd advise any Steelers fan to never wear their jersey in any part of Ohio. Keep that garbage out of Wisconsin too.
:) i hope you get 4 more follower <3
This is my first Christmas on twitter!!
Please Please Please Please Please Please Follow Me Alex I Love You So So So Much Please Please Follow Me. ILOVEYOU <3
You know it, homey. Is this Worldwide Wes from Iowa-Grant?
stopped talking to me on christmas eve why? O.o
S/O 2 #MNF sexy ass a lady whos loves the Packers im bout to faint!! Shes now on #TeamPackers!!
No prob, there's no way I can get my 20 year old in on this contest right?
My hairs fuckn 3 different colors^.^
what happened?): Dm me?....if you want!/:
Spent all weekend with totally okay with it.
you're welcome. :-)
Every time i talk to you, i smile like an idiot 😍
And if I'm gone tomorrow, what was ours still will be. I have have something to believe in, now that I know you believed in me
Then again I also tried to make a joke ab lack of calcium and Vit. D and nobody got that.
Getting tees ready for Check out their booth at the "I Made It Market" in Schenley Plaza tomorrow evening.
I hate taking this bum order. He be so stank.
thank you! i wish there was a discussion/forum option for each group
when a campaign goes viral and your neighbors grandma and her dog are talking about it
fifa for breakfast...:-)
Hey man,this is Mike-the drummer from Pat's church u visited when yr up here in Jax.just wanna say hang in thr-Gods Got Ya!!
Will be at the Press Restaurant in Claremont tonight at 10:00 p.m. We've got some new tunes, so stop on by!
LISTEN TO MY NEW HIT 8 BARS OR BETTER...
Thanks Carly:) RT : Flash Cab is off my shit list. Acknowledging when you're wrong and apologizing goes a long way in my book.
Hannah's creeper in american lit. Lol >>>>>
Wifey surprised me with the new iPad tonight ... Love her so much ... She made my day ... :)
I might be missing something, but I just open the lid on my macbook and it's online. How does adding a phone to the mix help me?
LMFAO I have such a funny best friend!
I think they should put clean-up materials on the el. It is awful when you find yourself sticking to the floor of the train...
I got myself a new pair of cowboy boots today. Yeehaw...
Beat - but excited for Hershey tomorrow with my girlfriend. Right now, though, gonna spend a few quality hours with L.A. Noire.
Pinkish-purple and white room!
HOW DO YOU GET HARRY STYLES TO FOLLOW YOUR TWITTER IF YOU ARE MEETING HIM IN PERSON
My 1st long-form article of 2012 about will be on MyFoxHouston tomorrow. I hope you guys enjoy it as much as I had writing it.
That's a BANG.
Internet Explorer officially holds less than a 50% global market share today. Chrome usage tripled. What do you guys use?
Ha, that commercial where the spider beats that one guy up cracks me up.
If he was still here..
Increasingly becoming inclined to agree...
hopefully I see my baby today.
I won’t take a bullet for anyone because if I have time to jump in front of a bullet, you have time to move.
Man! RT : and was so hyped about it. "this shit so raw!"
RT : Tragedy: (Almost) no one will experience the joy of watching the Apple Tablet announcement ON an Apple Tablet.
Hey guys come 2 the afterparty tonite at RnR hotel after yr show! RT Block Party today at Dupont Circle - 4pm (via )
WAL-MART Specials brought to you by #Walmart slaves!!! FU** Walmart ! The worst most heartless employer ever! Do not help support GREED!
So happy that my fans are enjoying my new music video for "Where Have You Been"! I think something finally passed "I Wanna Go" (; Xoxo <3
why don't we sneeze when we sleep?
": be yourself around me"
it's hilarity when the girl you used to talk to wants to try&be all friendly with your girl friend she used to trip on and hate..
Before im hitting anything .. biiich i need dome first -DOM
Attn local SA fashion designers: UTSA's Paisano is doing a feature on local fashion designers. If you're interested, let me know!
there a designated driver discount?
Rescuers down under on the Disney channel what a way to see me off #questionable?
He ain't dead. just another twitter attempted murder...
Grrr...don't wanna get out of bed -_-
Ur getting spammed called autobots. Block the followers you don't know. The more you tweet, the more spam you get.
let's go aziz on national tv watching #LobCity and Lebron aka I choke every 4th quarter
Experiencing typical post-LA blues. I miss that city.
go to sleep
damn that was very hot and those shoes r tight too homie;)
hey Ryan what's going on with Justin and selena
Happy Birthday!!!
This weekend of R&R is a blessing. I've held up really well tho, Gods been with me. Scrimmage Fri. Hope everyone has a nice weekend
This day is charged with positive energy!!
its official I am the new Mrs. Washington Black Globe International 2011 & will be competing in the Bahamas in for the big one
#ThingsThatGetMePissed Beliebers and the dumb stuff they trend
RT At the altar, reflect "Someday I will walk down a hospital corridor with this person pushing a pole holding a plastic bag"
I see. We love your dribble sturf.
not sure he will be ready next seasonRT : Source just confirmed both Adrian Peterson's MCL and ACL are torn.
A-OK! I've been meaning to call about this biznas that we need to discuss. If you can wait til next month, so can I.... :)
Up early with a cup of coffee in my hand. Busy week will require a lot of focus
school's coming.. :D bye twitter.
have you tried dish soap to get your ring off? Like Dawn or something.
Again Fern tweeted battle, defeat, frustrate, and ruin
Thanks for the follow ! Happy New Year.
Got my copy and i must say i LOVE it. incredible work from you as always mother.
Thanks Tom & Jaclyn! RT : Looks like a great lineup! Great stuff happening in our community.
I went to bed at a better time , yet i'm STILL sleepy !
Nice pair of plants! <3
Watching NU-Mich. Cats would be up huge if they could just rebound.
Ma'am, you probably shouldn't hold up that "marry me, Axford" sign while his wife's in labor.
Online radio shows. :)
watching my boy Steve Billirakis on Final table of the 10k omaha 8
it's pretty great.
RAISE IT!!
Jewelry Is An Investment, Here Are Tips To Help Guide You
Guess I have no new text buddies :(
RT : I don't want to sound intolerant, but I pray to God every night that none of my children grow up to be North Carolinian.
I don't want a kiss in the rain.
My bro has a bag of gummy bears and I took all the red ones cuz those are the only ones I like haha
Amazing weekend. Monday, you suck.
Just "Heard over the Bar". When name of winning horse #19 was flashed ... "Good idea. I had him! And, I'll have another!"
What do I do with this bottle of amaretto but glare at it?
Oh yeah, moms. Mine? No one's good enough for her kids, trust no one, ever. *sigh*
Not the typical musical. Looks more like it's from the makers of Airplane! (1980).
there was no other analogy adequate. lol I tap danced on their faces...I won. Lol
It was a good game cats.! Maybe next time.! Now its #racernation.!
they had to know the site was having problems so you waited till it hit critical #fail and now want a
Mostly The Whole Routine Was Isos , It was mostly , Tick Tick Tick , Tick tick tick tick tick tick tick ! Ah #ABDCmemories <3
Our trip through PA was just for our cats :)
I have joined twitter. I'm a tweeter. So it is said, so it is written.
Thanks. *hugs* I think I'll be better about handling things in a few days when it doesn't feel as intense.
charlie white trash like you needs to OD on methadone
#icantstandwhen I see Obama 2012 stickers on cars. Have you people no shame?
Up and ready for my meeting.
-- my name is I, my problem is LOVE, the solution is YOU # </3
so I take it Dane Sanzenbacher and Nick Reed made the team?
Primary goal in creating "museum different" to change way non-Indian people viewed Indian people &culture.
Congrats! I am so behind!
FUCKKKKKKK i have no choice man, i gotta get it, ive tried not to do certain shit cause of my morals but fuuuuuck.
Lovely to see Jeff again.
sitting here by my self listening to music and thinking.....so madd rite know ughh & gotta do alot of homework somebody shoot me -_-
Watching the pacers game!
About saying f'you to people through prayer? How do u find that funny?
Votto is my all-time favorite Canadian. Although Jim Carrey is pretty cool, too
That is the OG bootleg style! Had the original Megatron when I was a kid. Now he is some sort of stupid space ship.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great
eating my eggs straight from pan with plastic fork #nodirtydishes day
suddenly all my college besties are on twitter! loving this!
"are you really busy next weekend?" lmfao, montell loves mee.
ARE YOU FOR OR AGAINST GAYS?
OUTTA MIAMI S/O TO MY HUBBY ....MEET ME @ THE SPOT :)
Thanks so much!
Haters keep doing your job thanks for the support for my bro we love yall keep hating...haa keep hating lego...
Hee Hee. Uh huh! RT : oh man, I didn't know you could special order different crusts. This is dangerous information.
Creativity vs budget - SEO & Social Media efforts can be implemented yielding high results on the long run, specially when PPC budget is low
I am looking for a talent agent. I need them to submit my project to adult swim. Please
golf writer Karen Crouse tells website she wouldn't want to cover again until Augusta National invites a female member
Thanks! And to you too!! :0)
I understand why people are upset for using govt funds to pay for sex, but also, really? They get a per diem. Who cares?
<3 RT ps amber you look gorgeous in your picture :*
AND ANATOMY CONTINUES TO HAUNT US...
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.- William Shakespeare
Heh. " Seriously, if you want to change a college quietly, don't piss off the writers. They have words and know people."
That's efficiency at work.
RESPECT A WOMAN WITH A BIG PURSE JUST KNOW SHE ALWAYS PREPARED
cant wait to go to skool to see all my friends...the learing part of skool NO!!!!
beauty, brains, #beastmode, sillyness....you're the complete package!
my followers are dead
Oral History Video Project for African American Males will start in May in the Oakland Public Schools.
yay!!! So excited to see!
#CONV11 burial ground for spots here. Time to move ahead to quest. Who is accountable?
Will you be staying at The House of Bamboo?
ok well let me know what you need..when ever your ready
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary
Cheap Mani-Pedi from Nails by Tracy on www.crowdclick.com!
Stay up Dj Ant nice
Ahahaaaa! I LOVED it! We are awesome, aren't we!?!!
It was VP Biden
Dang near got lost today on campus smh...
I don't know if it's just me or what, but I kind of get sad seeing all these pictures Cody & Greyson post because I wish I was there...♥
worked lots of diff hospital wards, know that stare anywhere : )
:) RT : how did you know I was on your website yesterday? You must have ESP. I love anything that loves
": Shit i do for you i dont for anybody ;"
going fashion crazy. Need a makeover asap. Wanna help me?
i will go with u if u want!
Wow. That was one intense episode of Glee!
How about 200 followers by Opening Day of LSP!? RT please!
are you ready for a good game?
Tartuffe,Barefoot in the Park,The Last of the Red Hot Lovers, & read plays by GeorgeBernardShaw & OscarWilde
If this kid bumps into me one more time there will be a fatality at subway.
How did I end up drunk?
Agree w/ the primary rule of simplicity (just keep swiping) via , but also support pushing the envelope for interactivity.
Great bumping into and sharing conversation last night. And thanks for the milk shake!
to listen to a panel about attending neighborhood schools in
you will keep the same DA. The new plan will start at the begining of your next billing cycle.
Rum! Tee shirts on sale! Friends, family and lovers!
love the songs we chose
Just experienced the new (new to me anyway) #evernote #FF plug-in clipping behavior. Slick!
to Band practice! Officially a voting member for the Grammys!locking myself in a cave to listen to every song to vote!nominees
Ok, SO excited to go see Bat For Lashes tonight @ the crocodile! I will be screaming like a little girl!
Querying for one of my other books. Waiting to hear back from an agent who requested the full manuscript!
Im looking really #SwaggedOut right now got #cool skinny jeans on my #awesome hat my #raw shirt and my #beast shoes now im ready to go
Go Tribe!
Had a dream last night that my friend and I pissed off a Polish factory. Hilarity ensued.
#20ThingsAboutMe 1.I dont hold grudges im not that type of person
This #Noesi Inning: Flowing past in an endless stream.
It's Fabulous Fan Friday.. Again! Where did this week fly by to? What's on your agenda for the weekend? Work or play?
I can now say-I've Read the Entire Bible! I also C that God sent Jesus 2 save God from Us as much as He sent Jesus to save Us from We!
This test tweet goes out to all the python scripts watching my status updates.
What a day at the office
#RedCross is taking # donations for victims of the
looking 4 hair & makeup artists 4 Apr3rd scholarship program in #Baltimore; volunteer your services for experience & advertising returns!
aight good. Well i hope we get this
I'm glad you liked it :) I think it's a great movie too.
Thanks for the RTs!
DESPERATE=DENIAL, which means telling lies 2 every1 & makING urself believe what ur sayin is true, when in reality, its NOT!
Join the "Cowgirls Suck Club" (x
#NP Big Pun - Beware
Co-authoring Lex's first tweet EVER-hes excited 2 be a part of the Twittersphere! Reviewing www.PromolastEvents.com +Fanfest!
what do u need?
Nap time?
LOVE IT :)
If you're not talking about getting fucked up, you are fucked up. I think you have a problem.
Have you ever considered a career in Sales? Send me your resume and I can email you the info:
:((( i cant enter im not thirteen :( im so so so close though
Humbly we HONOR the Purple Heart Day. On this day we remember & recognize those willing to serve our country. Thank you brave souls.
maybe Elin Nordegren should play golf. with a swing like that. or maybe baseball i dont know.
IKr ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
WE ARE 12!!!!! YOU DONT KNOW WHAT LOVE IS! ffs.
love GAF! “: Happy Ghost Adventures Friday! RT this if you're excited for our new Return to Linda Vista episode tonight!”
no!!! How can that be an accident!?
“: Talked to two AL evaluators today who strongly believe Rangers are the best team in the majors.”Any Tigers fans disagree?
BABY COME BACK! Message me if you need to talk! <33
Beautiful Freaks has been stuck in my head the past two weeks! A big thanks goes to and
its so hard to forget about the past tho ..
is having our annual Padres game and tailgate party this Saturday! So excited! GO PADRES!!!!
I think he is going to skip the nba and join the cast of true blood
i did look cuz i thought he was! plus hes my favorite btr person! i love him! and i really care for him!
you just got a new one.
You should connect with if you aren't already connected - he works at YouVersion!
hahaha i think she said fuck about 20 times too so awesome! lmao demi lovato was so funny too
I followed back! ^-^
Faviorite song right now : canibal by ke$ha! She's so funny !
Considered taking the day off and resting....but decided I'd rather work. So much to do, so little time. Driven, motivated and focused.
Always interested in ex-cons who've turned their lives around. Use the contact page on Going-Straight.com.
Heading to wet Willies to meet my loves :)
YOUTUBE and SECRET AGENT RA-RA will be HOLDING MITT ROMNEY'S FEET TO THE FIRE. MITT will be walking in the FIRE WITH TONY ROBBINS. NLD MOM.
You gotta love love the "don't help them" christian philosophy.
been at a discipleship training program. It's 6 months long home for the weekend then back for 3 more months. Things r great
RT who your favorite merchant is!
hey um you guys should probably tweet otherwise just get rid of Twitter
I'll be anxious to hear the reviews!
Soledad I'm tired of seeing your three men 'w' panel more than the fair diverse panel!
Thanks for the RT.
The clouds opened up and the light burst forth. Diamonds of hope and pearls of joy glistened in the sun. The taxes are finished.
Thanks for the info....glad it's getting rescheduled. Hope you at least enjoyed the warm-up pics from yesterday!
One of our work-study students just started a campaign for a library cat. I'm so on board.
Uncovering the roots of bitterness and shame is hard to do. But it is a necessary step for you as you move to
It feels like Sunday. I kind of wish it was Sunday...
Hoping to attend tmrw's lunch & learn, but not sure yet. Otherwise, I'll try to make the a.m. coffee hour or Saturday's clean up.
oh yeah, you probably eat a lot better in Memphis then in Cali I tasted the difference in food with I went to Ohio :)
Thank you for all so eagerly awaiting my announcement -- I know you are going to love it!
"The rain in Spain falls mainly on the New York Stock Exchange." - Thurston Howell I
When managing employees , what if the numbers do lie? What if the only way to measure performance, was to use qualitative data?
Today’s African Proverb (5.10.12) Where food is free, many will come. (Yoruba) Like Unlike
Um just cuz yall are bald headed and always been , doesn't mean I was
i hate the high school ways of some of the paleo community. i stop being able to find people relatable or likable for that matter
I see absolutely nothing wrong with that
who cares haha and no stupid hoe would be 👸 baba
I was trapped in the corner of the shower for like 10 minutes cause the water got really COLD!! ): #trapped!!
Next week will be my 11th year at #SXSW music week! Can't wait. Always a #goodtimeatsxw... Good for business too.
Im already rich as a bitch cause I claim it # GM
just got home from washington D.C it was crazy made it to the FINALS I think i have a new good luck charm my rosary beads
Okay bye now.
A #fantasyfootball filled #ChristmasEve... What could be better?
Heading to for a staff photo shoot
congrats!! :D so happy for you guys!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. -David Brinkley
Watching CSI in the dark >
Oh you mean who thinks hes going to meet and date ? That fool? ..
If anyone needs an Ark, I Noah guy.
