What genre do you write?
Something tells me that awkward Otto Porter shot wasn't what JTIII drew up. Sims fouls out, 10 seconds left, NC State shooting two
Painting your home will make the most dramatic change for the money.
Kind Of Sleepy !
#StarWars trilogy marathon tonight!
I'm not sleeping in the bag; I'm just enjoying my privacy. (perfect metaphor for privacy settings?)
Agreed great brand
Checked it out and applied. oompa loompa doopidy dee, if you are wise then you will call me :)
Third time for the #Pens to win with a 5 - 2 score :D
Had to close the bar solo and didn't even make a bill. Well at least I have my Man Drama to look forward to,
....whose pointless lives are ground to ash by their inability to move in any direction.
Thank you God for allowing this world to have such a great singer as Whitney Houston. You are a just God and I praise you for that.
Massive Rocket Radio is going to start fresh again, w an all new facelift and a new model to follow to lend its services to SA's Music Scene
Xmas Tweets: My nephew bragging he got the prize orb with the most candy. Claims it's proof he is the 1%.
Long day ahead ...
throw a party mothafukka
Just like Hell.This bus is hot and crowded.
Starships are meant to flyy, hands up & touch the sky..we can't stop cause were so high.
Always got A paycheck never a paycut
Whoo we "We are sorry for the inconvenience" in a robot tone really shouldn't cut the mustard anymore.
everybody in my family know wat me turning 21 means!!!!
You're the only one who really knew me at all.
#exhausted....and nowhere near being done.
My instagram is always food pictures -.-
the internet...enabling creepy men for 16 years and counting.
oh trust me, I know he's real. We did a hunt here four yrs ago.. weird shit happen to me. I don't go to the bathroom alone at night
ha! Oh yeah can't wait for you guys.
Tonight is Free Fry First Friday.... free fries with every order and we'll also be giving away tons of swag! See you tonight!!
top tip, never push the red button with Sr. folks @ #dell #platform + #ibm if you have avoided cat /proc/sys/fs/file-max
I didn't hit you. I lightly slapped you.
#noobjections Also, good reference.
hey, should I credit the photos to u in the blog?
When he makes refried beans, he only has to fry them once
Great day today, even better night! Will spread the good news as soon as I know :)
One of my goals is to be a Grammy Award winning songwriter.
I missed your Stickam... No! :(
Question of the day, as asked by : What motivates you to click "follow" and follow a person or business?
yep im hungry lol!
#LiamNeeson is very cool.
thanks :) we'll throw you some discounts codes once the sites's up, as long as you send some pics of yourself wearing them!
Risk on! $JPM dividend boost.
$7? “: I'm having hard time seeing difference between Cora Barry's 2010 election Giant gift card ordeal and Biddle's Red Velvet
Slideshare, down. LinkedIn, downish. Internet trouble or sign of an impending #WWDC ticket offering?
Today's Feature: Tempura Fried Shrimp Po' Boy w/ shaved romaine, onion, tomato, pepperoncinni & citron aioli Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
#nageltechblazers 6:30 is a hard time on Tuesdays...my mother-in-law can't be at my house until 6:30
s/o boss status👌
congratulations hard work paying off! Oh and happy 1500th tweet
Glad to have met you this morning at the workshop. Will follow you here. Sadly I won't be at #PAS2012 too much longer.
Learn from your mistakes and move forward with greater confidence.
Thanks for the great feature in ! We love it!!
good to see ya kickin it on twitter bro!!! Miss seeing ya at the ball fields!! How's life?
Lilys Closet - a Childrens Clothing Ministry - closets wardrobes
Thats session c301...Imagine & Dream Big. Where's the creativity?? Frustrated...
me And my bestfriend are gonna go see never say never for the 10th time tomorrow :) We love you!!!
follow ya boi, heard from TP ya'll were interested in working with me ....DOPE!!! lets get it
I'm pretty sure my new neighbors are drug dealers..
working 2 full night shoots my first time working till the sun comes up.. #RedBull to the rescue!
Auditions squared away for my new movie
Yeah, I will def be there in August!
Wow has become the 3rd most visited social networking site this past week, everyone must be planning their wedding (via )
The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show 7PM EST on The Blaze www.wwradio.net featuring TY
The #tijuana craft beer scene is on the rise. When's your next trip up?
Morning! Hope you guys enjoyed your weekend.
I keep having the same dream, & I think that I just realized what it means 🎆
I wake up and mtv puts "boyfriend" hm.
"the canary sings" - what my client announces to her colleagues when i submit copy.
Trick or treating with my family at the mall.
I do most of my parenting on Facebook. My kids post that they're smoking pot and having unprotected sex and I reply with a sad emoticon :-(.
Happy Holidays and Happy Birthday to my son Marlon who is my X-Mas present every year, in 1993 I brought home my son on X-Mas day, Peace
Kick off SugarCon in the Sonoma rm :30am tomorrow and listen to Bill Harrison discuss mobile CRM and its effects on business
Sorry, just seeing this (no notifications?). I honestly don't know. We never make it past 1st round ;)
Drop Slowbiskie and get a west coast veteran receiver in here, stat.
Who's coming to Kegs & Eggs w/ this morning? Festivities start @ 11 am!!! Green eggs anyone?
Teaching my sister to ride a bike is probably one of the many reasons why I will never teach.
Now playing "Until Tomorrow"
more like the land of disenchantment! Never hated driving through a state as much I did NM when I moved to LV!
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Did you know today is Global #Accessibility Awareness Day? Follow 2 find out what u can do 2 help raise awareness! #GAAD Plz RT
Show at Celebration Disney, Florida tonight at 9:15pm!
I don't know+ my name = Asdfghjkl
This aint even bout love........Street Beauty Entertainment loves the gurls!!!
Poll: yes or no, will the #O's snap the losing streak and get back on track?
So my alarm just went off for school... It's Saturday. Now I'm bored at 6am :/
What unreasonable request are you making today. Cynthia
Happy "Get Drunk, Wear Green, and Dance Like A Leprechaun" day! Or, as they call it in Ireland: another damn Saturday.
Suzie shut up, if you didn't want to be in the middle keep your mouth shut. How you grown with kids acting like a bully
muah! thank you
Does Wawa make a good milk steak?
Town Talk
More than a dozen friends or family of teenagers charged with starting fire at Woodburn HS at juvenile court. Waiting for hearing to begin
working on floors all week, working evenings, better than taking rain days, I guess.
"How To Avoid Dating A Jerk" workshop this saturday, must be at least 18, $10 includes lunch - some seats, 412-829-0100
Awesome! RT : I now get on orangebloods more than I get on Facebook and twitter combined
Haha yes :] 82 and 93. The greatest women ever. They hold my heart! :D <3 It's going to be just Lovely :]] What R your plans?
In rihanna's Man Down song I thought she was in front of a bagel truck.. o_O
You got my head in the clouds. <3
#1 > We need to reconsider compensation for those that commit to education. Invest in those Entrusted to inspire greatness!
Got it. So long as you have your thang ;)
its gone be weird not waking up every morning to go to school
#DanGirardiWarrior Girardi's face looked like stoudimire's hand only thing is he played still
RT To beat the best you must be better than the best. Work harder, longer to catch up. Take a little more risk.
Highlands will not give up a point Saturday! Towels will throw for 5+ Td's and runs for 4 Td's Bold Prediction
House hunting in DC... I have long awaited this activity!
No, but I'm not finding TQ&TD a slow read. I'm just...not making time to read it. :/
#FF Some of our great members:
got hoodwinked into swimming a local LCM meet next Sunday. all sprints 400 Free, 400 IM, 200 IM and an easy 50 back
The myth is strong because the need is strong.
rawr. too bad about you being so far.
Made it to time mgmt class ...just in time!
well in regards ya know at the end of the day we're no better than the nazis. I mean, i knew about kony 4 years ago.
How do you organize a space party........... You planet✌
we good
Take can't and impossible out of your vocabulary and your world will change. Everything you touch will become an asset.
Bassam's talk is next week 3/1. Today is a brown bag with MAAS alum Timothy Kaldas at 1:30pm.
I also made spicy&sweet pears!...will bring then to the market asap!, do'nt miss it it's delightful!.I know I owe you pics,that's not fair:(
“: I will personally give you a shoutout or follow if you follow HURRY :)” no you won't
Get the sparkling smile you've always wanted to start out #2011 with confidence! #NewYear #WhiteSmile www.kravitzdental.com
Ah, Twitter. Bringing the gas station bathroom wall into the 21st century.
Must move soon or it's about to be over and out Captain.
The Target by my house didn't have any Brewers gear :(
RT TransforMED welcomes the US Army Northern Regional Command. TMED's train the trainer program is a perfect fit for 15 bases.
just wondering! ;p
Listening radio in the morning. Why not
MT : Lakers much better when they feature Bynum and Gasol. Coincidence?
We're focused on meeting the needs of legal firms & knowledgeable in all Rules of civil procedures to accommodate your needs! 877-527-5737
Read Daniel Pink. Money is not always a motivator. Autonomy and respect are motivating.
Hot Dog!! Congrats to 3 of my favorite people in sports. Scotty Rolen, Jay Bruce, & Bubba Watson! Great stuff today!
Great - still an extra step, but better than leaving the browser. Thanks!
RT : Super PACs! A fact-checked, info-rich, musical explainer video from and graduate David Holmes.
Retweet it because it's funny. Don't retweet because it's important.
Daaaaammm what a fucking hit!!!!!! #NHL clean? Dirty?
Remember, weekends start on Thursday's!
Thanks for the heads up! We'll add it to our calendar.
The heat and the drought are taking their toll on local trees. Diebacks, disease and death abound. Call for care!
If I had a gun I'd leave it at home, unloaded and locked up.
Did you know Global Elements sells FB marketing packages?We help small businesses get on FB and find their customers.
: that's a natural feeling until the 1st or the 15th.
hehehe I'm the girl on the right :'P just letting you know
I followed!:D
Q5 Green bean casserole and waldor salad! Must haves at my place!
It’s hard not to surrender to the bold and comely words what sway the bloody minded what hang above the graceless herd.
Is It A Good Idea To Microwave An Aerosol Can?
just saw her second song on SNL and thought she actually did a really good job. Much better than first.
Pedroia is dressed like Little Red (Sox) Riding Hood.
Fascinating >>> : My week on twitter: 5 retweets received, 2 new listings, 125 new followers, 11 mentions
Argentum is the best place in town. Always the most consistent color output.
The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose. ~Heda Bajar
But it is. RT : Baylor being undefeated should not be a surprise
I just a shirtless man riding a bike while adjusting his long, long blond ponytail off Davis Lane. It must've been 's new bf.
I have, saw a bunch of videos award shows ect. Realized no matter how cool or trendy you dress we all look like a seal when clapping
Great night!!(:
Yes on the early stuff between 02-07. The new stuff is more commercial & accessible, less blues more pop. i give it a yes too.
I have an essay 2 projects to finish a letter to write and 2 tests to take
at the family reunion, who we introducing...
he's hot
I just saw this! Much to discuss indeed, like that dress you just tweeted!
Montgomery west of Jefferson
#Stanley Cup could NBC's coverage suck any more? Emrick misses the winning goal, then Roenick breaks down on live TV
I think those are UK only. We have the journals and the mugs with those covers.
#confession I want a kitten.
It's a dying medium. I hope to be a part of the death of it.
I got a crush on you...
I agree my minds not on h50 either right now. Im thinking bout tvd too. Im sad & mad bout it too. Im shocked over it.
Cubs win!
Donna thank you for listing my Twitter accounts in the Jazzerati List. It's wonderful to have such company!
Hail to the Chief.
I guess assault and stealing is the thing to do around campus now.
What friends?
'Don't Be Tardy For the Wedding' simply isn't an acceptable show, even for reality TV. Please tone it down, Kim.
I'll let you know when I get through the entire thing...good so far.
Is anyone else super NOT excited for Monday? Let the countdown to Friday begin.
u already were! Just needed to have more confidence!! :-)
"A bloody, gods-fucked, gender-swapping, black-humored tragedy."
Lawd Sen help <in my Brownie voice>
": BK: If Edgar, Allen and Poe hit free agency Rex Ryan will try to sign them as the #Jets mascots."
Up next is Black Caulk (lecoqnoir) and
Forecast for Today: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 68 to 73...
& are pulling out all the stops tonight. Girls on the bar ALL NIGHT LONG! We don't need a reason to party! WE JUST DO IT!
Final game today at 1pm vs. a very good Cal State Fullerton team. 3rd game in 3 days (in 43 hours to be precise)
lool hm well I gotta say kendall :P hehe how about u? :] x
I added u my skype name Samantha.bueno2 I really hope u add me plz
You aint gotta like it but I guarantee you gone respect it
Yes. And here's the discussion we should be having around that news.
sticks & stones, & weed & bones.
Do not know anything about you, but the family is blessed to have you. Great interview on FOX. We choose Justice and Life
Niggas don't want no smoke
Everyone go and follow!
Looking for more cities to beta test YouTown. Completely free & we will watch 1 hour of kittens on YouTube for every city that signs up.
Right? I live in the middle of SF and for some reason most companies don't have the infrastructure to support my building.
too much food!
I can't help telling my students to be good when I dismiss them on Friday afternoons. I already love them quite hopelessly.
I promise thats gone be my auntie at my grandaddy funeral cuz she dont do a damn thing for him but spend his money!
RT : I'm Mexican and a poblana at heart, yes, Cinco de Mayo is overrated and another St Pat's Day
Good for Kirsten Powers - even tho..lol
Two New SNO Shirts Coming!!!
I'm in the mood for another Moonstruck experience, for another romantic comedy
A little shopping here, a little shopping there....a little shopping, here.... shopping...
when traffic lights all the way down the fuckin street are red <<<<<<<
Met a dude at the pool doing Eagle Creek! He was indoor swimming in *full wetsuit*. Not endorsed.
Heh. Seriously. One missed attribution after pumping out all that content? Harsh...
"We do not want to lose (this) opportunity in El Cajon," developer Neal Arthur tells council, still plugging this four-star hotel near ECPAC
Sure have! The Ichetucknee is terrific.Can't beat a kayak or tubing there.
Music, Corporate & non-profits trust us for CD/DVD duplication, printing & custom t-shirt printing. San Antonio & South Texas trusted.
I agree w/ ya buddy. Ill betcha he does retire. Just my guess. I like watching Eli, too.
jibs in the bibs.
i KNOW right? next time I'm in there, I'm going to rate random stuff & get some bold 'recommendations'
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." - Alfred A. Montapert
Thank you so much for all of the RTs and support!
oh I read the summary to that! mine was the one about carriers. dude, it was kinda disappointing tbh.
You're welcome!
Ate too much!!
there is a god!!!!
SMH~ totally not interested in shopping for this. NOT...sigh...could have sold my things instead-or gave to appreciated party.
College life :)
you're adorable😊
i know it hurts but there's nothing much to do for her but be there for her. Let her calm down and when she'll b sober (c)
WHERE'S THE LIKE BUTTON ON THIS TWEETER CONTRAPTION?!???
UGH, people who saw avengers opening weekend and not know who thanos is makes me ROLL MY EYES IN DISGUST.
Sometimes its nice just to sit and have a beer. Traveling (even for leisure) can be really exhausting.
I cant wait to see them live!
"Remember... We used to finger each other down behind the board??"
worst schedule ever
my vote is for
Hopefully it's gunna be another good day;)!
RT : i miss the lips that made me fly.
I know your reading this, don't deny it. ;) Hahahahaha, just kidding your not reading thiss..
can't wait for tonight's #RHOAReunion Part 2 on ... Can't wait to see what has to say!!!
yes that would be so fun (:
Back from an awesome senior party! Glad I know a popular senior's lil' brother. Played capture the flag at night... Legit
ok, now you're just rubbing it in ;)
RT : #Harvard and #Stanford #endowments have nearly made up losses suffered during the financial crisis, and
lmao took your gum?
Here's to wishing you a beatific day of celebration! :) ....'clink'
Fond farewell to Shaq O'neal! Best wishes to Kobe Bryant! And a special thanks to Dirk Nowitski on a spectacular comback against Miami Heat!
Lastnight I wrote a song
Does anyone want to play some paintball? I am thinking of getting a group together to play sometime in May.
'I need to tell you something...' Oh boy.
Sorry for the delay...it was nice meeting you as well. Keep in touch.
oh, we'll talk about all that in good time :)
San Marcos Pass 154, my favorite part of the trip to Santa Ynez. Love the drive through the mountains
THIS SATURDAY at (1917 9th St NW DC) is the #CAKEandKISSES party!!! starring
Not sure that Alex Gonzalez is a good move for the #brewers at ss need more of an offensive threat, this is a lateral move from yuni
#JoePaterno - He molded men? By him NOT being a man, and stepping up and reporting this animal, other children were molested!
I was looking for it on Direct TV and they only have it in certain areas excluding Chicago
great, and I'll look forward to returning the favour... I also wanted to ask you about your trailer: OK if I e-mail you?
we are excited you are featuring #SJMO member
": #oomf is sexy as fuck, especially with them Tattoos , the things i would do to him ;-)" lick my tats Lmfaoooo
Be sure to watch tonight 8pm! Tell us where you see the posters and which ones you see
Someone come save me from all these bs people.
- they had to make the first match 18 seconds to make sure there was enough time for this Funkasaurus shit?
Black Friday is absolutely my favorite workday of the year. I've already been exponentially more productive than I was this M-W.
cool...we're patiently waiting
That's tough! You're a Spanish major? Both Valencia & Malaga are great. But in Salamanca you can do an internship w/
LOL! Not at all :) Just participating in the
Finally had my first shwdwn of the day. Bottom pr n a raised pot. Got dwn as low as $15k earlier. $27k now...
Nothing better than dinner at #HarryandIzzy with good friends and a beet salad!!!
I'm willing to hear you out, but what have the Nats shown you that gives you the impression they will make it to the Series?
Now Airing on Gygs TV. Pull No Punches
Ik im exicted for her new ALBUM !
Couldn't bring myself to read "Anna Karenina" on the train.
Hey SVP are we going to see you in Madison on Saturday? Herbie says he'll buy the first Fishbowl at Wando's......
almost at 1,400 followers, support and spread the The Sliders!
Of course! You go girl! And of course, anything for Ashley's lovely sister with a great name! :)
Spending money I don't have
I am joining the tweet world finally! Apparently Facebook works the same way so why not!
Thanks! It's version 1.1 of my app named Dark Time. Free and OSS, I use it as a teaching tool.
Don't forget about your lil' buddy Justin when you drink that.
me and my sisters are comedians.
The #223project exhibit has moved to the Leavey lobby — check it out today!
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com for all your latest news and feeds on the olympics and the NHL. Register and join our forum enjoy.
Don't tease us over here!
Any suggestions on other FREE cover photos you would like me to make?
eww i dont wanna talk to you you are so boring to talk to!! i'd rather talk to someone else :)
props:to_string is a debugging representation. It was not intended as a serializer. It could be added I suppose.
still, just seems stupid to pretty much guarantee them points.
then your years gonna be pretty great(:
Yay it's Easter!
Design Methods makes me want to quit architecture!
horizon league?
Anytime. I'd recommend inviting Matthew [ ] on as well. That would be a blast.
#bookaday - Dan Gutman fun - MISS DAISY IS CRAZY and MRS ROOPY IS LOOPY!
As goes almost without saying. Of course, there are other roads to that realization, too.
what up Sucka? How's Tawas treatin ya kid?
A special Valentine's Day Dedication Show is coming! Stay tuned to nkairplayradio.com for details!
The saddest part of my version of #I Am Legend when I tried to kill my computer mouse with d-con and it didnt work. Please follow Retweet!
Loved your mother's day post.
I get a maintenance screen every time I try to get past the Sale the company web pages. I can't sign up, can't even complain.
except Justin.tv only displays in flash and the app costs $5?! Bah! Next time I'm at my laptop :)
I wanna give a shoutout to the beautiful and the talented for their show tonite. Good Luck yall
Perfect weekend with the perfect boyfriend :) and the house is clean! Woo
I need ta clean out my ears :/
Bet!!! Trying get some for CIAA
might anyone have step sheets and task cards for an elementary Glogster project? thanks for any resources...
Thinking of heading down to the GO Burger truck for my #PricelessNY free lunch.
Welcome back to school! The reference desk is open for business.
Thats so true in so many wayz
Nah, I'm stuck in the '90s with a regular old phone. And it doesn't look very nice on my wrist either.
Daddy Ray is back in the USA. : )
Were my Toms wisely chosen? Only time will tell
At Smoque in Chicago having Q.
Ryan Longwell cut by #Vikings. Team could have spent his $3.5 bonus on a new stadium...or at least bribing a few MN politicians.
I am. But I'm not proud about it.
I think a common mistake is I thought nothing else had to change-- assessment, in class-- I think it all has to be reevaluated.
the pullout no matter who made the decision its happening on Obama's watch! He will benefit politically!!!
There are only as many miracles as you choose to celebrate. That must explain my constant smile. I celebrate everything
Whatever happened to commenting on the blog, probably just easier to do it in Facebook....
o where she/he live lol
Hi! Happy Morning!! How are you today? I hope you have a great day and you're enjoying your time off!!! :-) love ya! <3
It's a beautiful Monday morning here in CO! Certainly means that a great week is ahead! :)
#SometimesIWonder why the prettiest girls are so insecure.
I didnt know u could fanboy
TGIT! I don't have class tomorrow :') or any other Friday
I imagine it was scary D:
I'm sayin I lied to some females too last night lol... We was too drunk
I acctually thought there was something there.
Could the Twitter UI not break so often in Chrome, please. Thanks!
"YOU BETRAYED THE LAW!" "LAW"
Suck it Steelers
Intelligence decreases when you are a #cocky little brat about it.
I wish I could be outside enjoying this weather. :(
text me back dork
Where the eff is is he alive? Oh snap let me txt him.... Haha! i need to get on twitter more
other donation options: Paul's Place on Ward St or the Goodwills on Baltimore St (west Baltimore) or Broadway (Fells Point)
Depends how far, I guess. I didn't die in a twin prop from Toronto to Rochester in zero visibility fog over lake Erie.
I love to work, I'm a workin all the time. I can carve my initials on any ole mule's behi-hi-hind. Yodalay-hee-he he-he-he-he-he-he-he
Game changer!
rewatching #celebrityapprentice #celebapprentice & laughed at the nose pick.lol.too funny.Gotta love the Clay.
*tesco advert* all ben and jerry's is half price. Get to the shop, only the raspberry shit one is. Wankers.
RT : I’m not single. I’m in a long standing relationship with fun and freedom.
#iusedtothink the salvation army only rung bells & had thrift stores, now I know we have 15+ programs for people w/ any need. pretty cool!
haha! I'm glad I could help!
thought James was talking about riding out there to chill... I'll hit him
Big mouthed people <<<
Good ga.... This is #outtacontrol !
GREE Selects Oracle&#39;s Sun ZFS Storage Appliance, Oracle Solaris 11 on Sun x86 Server for Data Analysis
Is DVD called Chuck Jones Collection that has RTT, Cricket in Times Square, White Seal. Didn't realize all animated by him
glad you could make it tonight!
I'm glad I got your approval. I was so fucked up someone asked to take me out to a movie at a house party
what the hell did I do?
Yeah! Read up on it and now I an ready. Geez! Just following one person and got a whole bunch of tweets.
seattle is rly ugly rofl
Have about 40 more bows to make... make it stop. :)
Just over a month till the epic #KingsIsland adventure with
Who would a batlle between Godzilla and king kong? Chuck norris would win because he wins everything
thanks, girl.
hey Im good you
2. Nas - new york state of mind part 2
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
she's gonna be on glee for the season finally ;D
Just delete this account. Ppl are already saying how pathetic ur being.
Earthquake Straps! Please!
Lolz @ email chains. Glad grps going to diff teams b/c they didn't like the THREE mobile application options provided last yr...
answer: print-to-voice features are a great add-on for ebooks, though not all books offer them.
Saving up for one now, have a feeling if i get that game i will not convert.
Make that
(3) New Years Day (January 1, 2012) Tweet the pics to THIS account.... Thank you<3
I need to take my ass to LA Fitness, being a skinny girl with a gut has never been cool.
RT HEY MARIO AND ROD, STOP TALKING ABOUT THE A'S HITTING HOMERUNS
RT Live in or around houston?? let help you find a place to call your own! < Thank you! hope to hear from you soon
gotta sho this thu, however we can set something up soon! xo
Your on?
Today is #BLACsunday make sure to check out 's live stickam chat. STICKAM.COM/OFFICIALBLAC 2 PM pst, 5 PM est.
Also hate when someone reverses Likert-scale to all 1s and then goes on to love-fest in comments!
I have a sudden urge to make both crab dip and wing dip. I'll most likely think about this all week.
hugs and good vibes
Can't b an nba analyst & not follow college basketball during the season & have sound input. No Kenny...Duke never plays inside out.
Hoping the weather holds out today for my after-work cookout event!
Saw two bike cops arresting someone today in Cambridge....happy spring!!!
People sleeping on Dunkmans. Not that i give a shit but i been gettin compliments all day on em
this was such a good movie, saw it a couple weeks ago
RT : Congrats Phyllis Sager! You've won an online NCLEX review course! Thanks for stopping by booth 313 at the NSNA...
Happy Birthday !
No matter how long or how many times I do this, I still get the adrenaline surge at offer time. It's time.
#RT : #MNlove s/o thanx for the follow back!!
Ha you are crazy! When are we gonna have another bonfire?
I' miss u baby
Thank you for checking out our 3M multi-touch display. We are working on some videos
can't wait to see you @ 930!!
Sorry I've been slacking. I'll try to produce a great fart joke soon!
YES THANKYOU LOVELY
Rhetoric & DH update: impressive number of apps: 40+ from 60+ people. & I are skyping today to discuss submissions. More soon.
Trying to get in all the top docs: watching Buck - not super taken with it.
Chicago Bulls are favored by 3 points over Miami Heat in what could be an Eastern Conference Finals preview. Heat won 97-93 earlier in Mia.
ON THE WAY TO VAULT. I HOPE REMEMBERS PROMISING A SHOT. HAHA
Join our discussion on Facebook about reincarnation and children who remember!
And no goodbye: How fast did the Current/Keith Olbermann news go down? Current's "Countdown" page is still prominent on its website
Do not let Trayvon Martin's death be in vain. Fight or march for justice.
New Clues to Preeclampsia - Wall Street Journal
for a #friday nite, there are sum decent games coming on tv this evening. #ncaa,
Everyone needs to watch Derrick Rose's acceptance speech for winning the MVP. Emotions. Class Act. First words that come to mind.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate just so you know, once I'm done with my pills I'm down for sex
One great looking Saturday!!
What were you drinking on ?
trying to stay cool in face of southern exposure
ask judge Sankovitz... how many times he saw my face...
Ur ice cream just made me cuss.....in front of my mother.....a former missionary. Best. Flippin. Ice cream. Ever. Damnit.
haha, yay! a nice turn around. hopefully it stays that way.
Hanging at the event today at the Frontier Center...stop by the space and say HI!
I'm excited for black friday! I've never gone shopping that day though lol!
oh, because you sent him that picture? That's cute(:
aww don't say that! what happened?! :(
wooaahh is gettin' drunk with all those beers ! (;
NO Boo school. =[ K keep us updated!
I'm so hungry
RT : If a #Capricorn loves you there isn't anything that we wouldn't do for you.
cte gives me a circus kind of feeling and andrew with his new top hat just makes the feeling stronger
6 foot ceiling.
change in line-up: confirmed writers reading on Feb. 7 include Felicia Luna Lemus, Brendan Constantine, Mandy Kahn and one more tbd. Thanks!
I hate seeing men with long ass toenails in flip flops.
RT : Are you at risk for AMD (Age-related Macular Degeneration)? This is a chronic eye disease that causes loss of......
YEAH! Great to meet you in person! I sent you an email on SSP content. :)
When things start getting a tad bit stressful for me, I say to myself "I care about this, but NOT THAT MUCH! :)
You've been single too long if you look forward to spooning with your bed bugs
Forget the pants ;D
I thought your dress looked lovely!!
hey uncle ken!!! All is well up here! Was very sad to hear the news about grandma! How's everyone holding up?! Praying for u all!
Excited that I don't have to wait until July to see my utah homies again :)
Maddow tonight is the preacher, the choir AND the congregation. Excellent!
Crane owner found not guilty in deadly construction accident case ...
#ROC can you believe how beautiful this day is! embrace it!
Your Birthday flier will be done first thing tomorrow, just followed up w/ the designer. Saturday is going to be off the hook!
Please know that you are loved,cared for & wanted. There are people who love you and will be there for you no matter what!
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
Just got some new lyrics, let the writing begin! ;)
lol it's the last one pager, go out with a bang.
Yes girl yes
Keep up the great work bro. Don't forget to hook me up when I see you on HBO or ESPN. Keep working hard!
At least he's not a lefty
I'm proud to be born & raised Floridian if it means being associated w folks like Levek , Hear Hums. Crazy shit brewing!
Mega NBA All Star party coming up next month ..hit me up to get on the A List!
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
g'morning!
lol I sort of figured
No lie!
Weak arguments. Cubs need presence in dugout who knows what it means to be a Cub. Hold players to HIS STANDARD. That's Ryno.
don't worry you will be #backontop in no time! 🇮🇹👌👍
aw mom, I didn't know you made a twitter, why didn't you tell me? love you... :) miss you.. I'm going to bed now bc I should :)
Liking the twitcon!
Baylor-Mizzou! Good game with good friends. RT The game that I am looking forward to most this weekend is _________________.
i wish i had friends to go on a walk with me .
Changes in context: : Our history is being reintrepted in terms of the environment and sustainability
Another say grinding away at work. Lots to do. Coffee time needed!
We're so thankful to have the opportunity to know and work with each and every one of you and hope you have a Super Rad Thanksgiving!
met him at Curlys pub at a TV taping. Talked to him along the way out. Great guy, very humble. Signed my tix stub!!
Love that you guys have a Packer!
Staying focused on last week of work is never easy....
The game starts at 7:30, it's not even 4:30 and I'm already on my way to the arena lol
none of my stuff has come out. I've sold a couple of script, but none have gone past production.
I got some cold stone jelly beans
Four days riding in a row? Yes, it's happening. Hitting the cable tomorrow.
Is proudly and expertly caring for 150 patients and their loved ones tonight.
Make us to know your ways, O Lord, teach us to live according to your truth
Auto show traffic. Ugh, yuck!
We need a chant.
I need to be sleeping but " sons of Anarchy " is so damn good💋
yep, almost clicked but saw the link redirected to a sketchy site
you need the Cat Effects App! you would die (courtesy of )
jeez, you Sound like you like Justin Bieber.. Takin all this time to tweet tons of people hating on Justin. DUMB.
Y'all stop sendin me spans please and thank you
RT : #WorldSeries is all tied. Who do you got tonight - Cards or Rangers? RT with your prediction now.
New recording update is up in the "notes" section! Be sure to check it out and leave some feedback!
Just getting in... Good Night world!
But the amount and speed of muscle build-up will be determined by nutrition
your welcome & hopefullyy I will(:
He took one on the 1st of may and I'm just like "Oh.. New month huh?" and my mom said to him "Is it a holiday or something?" 😂😂😂
Discussion is linking 18c ephemera to digital pedagogy.
omg im in love w #bloomingdales :-)
Best of luck. This #Bills fan will miss you in B-lo.
RT : Also, the Nuggets have added a 2015 second--round pick going to Minnesota.
haha de boa k
I say goodnight!
S.Taylor Signature Pie, serving San Diego by the slice!!!!
Booking 3 Day Cruise aboard the Royal Caribbean Monarch of the Seas today
btw who's in first? Lol
Yeah lol im laying in bed with my phone in front of my face and while i was relpying i droped it and it hit me
happy Monday love 😜😜
copperhead. Poisonous!
I wish I was the 7000 you followed!(:
indeed to the Neve ...organics
great show tonight and your comments at the end were fantastic
If the Brewers lose this one, could sting for a long time considering their current record.
Busy day at #TFOB. Come by the #NuestrosRaices tent at 1:00pm to see Rene Colato Lainez read, and me look silly in a fish head.
26.2 miles: That's almost 385 inside-the-park homers at Fenway or 736 laps up and down the Garden floor.
Better your mind than your heart.
when you ready? come out here to the east..or maybe u see me when I get to a convention out by you soon.
Another surprise gift gone! Three left...who's going to get them?
Javale McGee the worse player ever! He just tried to dunk a free throw? Foreal man!
long heel, red bottom
Someone please bring me to a hospital
Good Morning ! Have a nice day :3
New poll on website: Do you think we get Jefferson or Harrell to add to the front court?
i might love you again.
you should come to Kentucky! (: i think that should be your next stop! <3
Agree to disagree.
I hear ya there... Long day, but at least no bad damage or injuries here!
to steal one of your gimmicks
Raining so hard in Playa it sounds like hail.
If the change of pace outside the organization is faster than the change of pace within - the end is near - Jack Welch
The theme of new catalog is "innovating in the spirit of Steve Jobs." The 3 lbs of paper its printed on begs to differ.
Why is there no for women? Women hate shopping too, right? Oh...only me?...I see.
God made coke; He made pepsi. God made me; oh so sexy. God made river; He made lake. God made u; well, we all make mistakes.
lol made candy n its delicious=]
I was overwhelmed by the ARTISTRY of War Horse onstage, and overcome by the STORY of War Horse the film. Have u seen that yet?
I think it's all about where you're at... guys house, I always put the toilet seat up, but if you're at my house, seat down, thanks
GREAT concert last night featuring the JJO, BYU & Snow College Jazz Orchestra. 500 in attendance, a good time was had by all...
Smoking is related to loss of vision. Cataracts and age-related macular degeneration are two diseases caused by smoking....
lmao i wish they answer this
join the fit challenge no matter where you are in the country you are welcome to join my team
#Freeinharlem Beginners Yoga 11AM #SYVW You gotta start somewhere.
i would cry too!!! tears of joy.(:
four loose here but nothing yet. Go Bella!
Tomorrow I have a reading with TWTP 730@ the Looby Theatre. Sat a show in East Nashville supporting the Haitian community here.
Existence in itself is beautiful.
Minnesota Senate is now voting on the Vikings stadium bill
well have safe travels bro. Hope you have fun.
Great meeting yesterday with Board Member Ellen Blais & NYC/NJ Youth Opportunities Program Coordinator Sebastien Venuat in Harlem.
My bf doesn't like Disneyland... This is a bad sign hshah
beautiful snippet thanks for sharing!
COMET PING PONG ON SATURDAY!
Happy graduation day to my baby cakes !! 🎓🎉👍👌🌟
why am i awake right now?.
...and wishin I were a fast-break train a just chooglin' on down to New Orlean'. Born on the bayou...m, m, m
that's good. Gilgul Hang Out would be *interesting*.
- NICE!! What I'd give for a homemade meal- tired of eating out!!
no...just get drunk :-)
As in, when will leading figures on the left call Ann Romney "fat" and "angry." Probably never.
Lord bless the hypocrites. AMEN!
thanks! I will! I have mine set too! Haha :)
Yeah, Captain America is another one that I didn't see. Maybe that's a good thing??? :/
I suggest on your next day out! It's the perfect place to escape to alone.
I'm excited for 2012
It really won't be the same
many thanks for the shout-out!
#MaryJane session with my babe ...ready for #Nas Behind the music to come on
As I am tweeting this I am talking about use of social media in
Life is like a sewer... what you get out of it depends on what you put into it. ~ Tom Lehrer
I could be wrong but it sounds like we are agreeing! haha!
Thanks Man..
Y its such a turn on when women luv & know about sports???I say let's go sip &watch 2 good NBA games tonite > he all smiles.
Yeah I dont mind driving over there but we gotta wait til she gets back. I live in garner.
when is that alblum droppin? Folks gonna be on that thang!
Follow what you're most passionate about and you'll never feel like you've worked a day in your life via
Spending this week in Tallahassee was kool, and now its time to hit the road.
I gotta unfollow sum people cuz they b tweetin bout dumb stuff
Nice! What'd you end up with?
Fun new game: Listen to the Spotify 90's Hits Playlist on random and see how many artists I can name without looking. So far, 9/9.
#TurnberryToDo: Using colorful supplies, design a beach tote as a reminder of ur sunny #Miami vaca! Laguna Lawn | 3:15pm | $15
Clumsy MS Employees?
Posted a picture on Instagram and it really brought how pale I am to my attention. Oh dang.
only if i was a "fellow stoner" ......... #faggot no u did that on purpose!
Los Angeles should be renamed to SAGAFTRA, CA. Seems legit.
So pumped! RT : The ONYX chefs are ready for the #dolehealthsummit group tonight! They have a great menu planned for everyone...
or in my case red nd black ;)
congrats homie im on my way to my spot.wish me luck
Goodbye 2011, Hello 2012. Happy New Year everyone.
Peter Diamandis: "Since my early teenage years I've wanted to be an asteroid miner"
wait! My dad's gold watch is in the arcade. “: Chemical building too! ;) MT : Yeah, I'm pretty sick of seeing
How tall are you?
Puttin in WORK! RT : Great day today tho,... I got about 13 Tracks done. #veryproductive!
Tried to make it as fun as possible cause I'm back to school Monday :(
anotha one .. Reporter: what do you think about road trips? Meta: roaches??? I don't like roaches
Home now, long day, and looking forward to one indulgence, homemade oaktmeal cookies--my favorite. Please help me to limit the portion!!
That is why I have my gato. She is my BEST friend.
Brian Anderson is obviously a baseball announcer
followed them!
bahaha gonna be real good lookin! I cant grow out a stache this march since the show i am in is going on now. Its lame!
How can Will Schuester win Teacher of the Year when we found out, thanks to Ricky Martin, that he's in fact a terrible teacher?
not sure if *friends* would walk away on you
If people don't like me they should tell it to my face and not talk shit about me behind my back. js. true friends dont do that.
#sacscoc ADA compliance MUST be taken into account and addressed.
Sorry to hear it - have a good Thanksgiving!
What happened?? Our power went out due to an accident and I didnt get to watch :(
At this rate, how many Knicks will be banned from Game 2? #championsleaguerules Eh, back to the Caps.
I am so tired. its only Wednesday -___- i need the weekend.
Thanks for following from across the seas!
My wife now has the option of literally taking me to the woodshed. Our utility room outside is now for my pants-down correction.
Great display of tackling by sterling Moore. Way to wrap up.
TWEET ME
I do me y'all don't do shit
Randomly remembering good times and smiling like an idiot..!!
I love the food channel :)
Sex without love .. is like a phone without a dial tone .
Headed to DIA on the way to Jacksonville for meetings with & of course TacoLu, best fish tacos on the east coast
you must go to gymboree. my SIL found them there. apparently they have large sizes too - :)
Remember: downtime is just as important as doing the work. Don't be afraid of recharge mode - it's usually passive, and it's good for you!
I never realized it was gonna be this way. But I guess that's the way it is. That's how it was gonna be. No one can change it. Not even me.
We are in final stages of planning for the big event 9-25-11. 50 years! Please contribute rpcvw.org
lebanon goes through to the final round of #wc2014 qualifiers for the first time in history... thanks to a south korea victory!
3 wins and a draw in my last four road games... Suck it
So I love it here and if this doesn't work out ill cry :(
#2012rsa paper printed! Looking forward to 3 exciting days in DC. 3 days of panels on my exam items > 3 days of studying for comps by myself
Back among the English...
No I agree except that Morgan was walking away, yes he was jawing at Carpenter, but he was walking away..until Pujols got involved.
's Judith Scott-Clayton talking about benefits of 's policy evaluations.
Having the worse problem ever with Serato Video. FML
Traffords traffic is
pony up for one of the new car/planes...
promo fig: IHD 20 dl in US, 6 in UK, AC 1 sale in UK. Final ranking: #679 of all books on promo. #5 of US Drama Fiction! Thank you!!!
Awesome tribute to Mercedes Ellington at the 52nd street Jazz feat. Great music, danced and spirit. Fun crowd. Antoinettemontague
. People criticize capitalism when they mean to criticize mercantilism; they don't know the difference.
interesting, I wonder what the sheet music looks like for the saw.
Red meat is not bad for you. Now blue-green meat, that’s bad for you! ~Tommy Smothers
Me and connecting Friday night to put work in!
I am glad you enjoyed the groupthink article too. Cheers!
I love when I read in an article that some respond to a claim, at length, on twitter... 140 characters is at length now?
Awesome two a day workout courtesy of Hit Fitness Warehouse. I'm an athlete at heart
I design #custom #made #clothes join me at
Yes, Satan?
We Miss Michael Jackson - My IDOL FOREVER
you know some of us aren't studying (hardly) for finals. So chill out bro, no time to read your witty tweets.
Why is the price of gasoline going back up?.... Is it that Wall Street thinks they can nickel and dime us once again?
I'm blessed to have gone to your concert in Houston.❤
Oh my kittens. It's snowing again.
Take it you've not seen the squad then!
that's good 2 hear. Progression is key
Their is always gonna be that one guy you go back to no matter what...
21% of surveyed pubs don't check metadata at all
Thank *you* for the shout-out, !
Tks for following me! Your twitter page makes my mouth water!
oh I can't believe it *t pain voice*
My grandma said I have Obama's ears.
my dads questioning me about a guy i ended things with more than a month ago. #littlelatethere #awkward. ✌
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead-to-know basis.
Just arrived in New Orleans for an extended NYE weekend!
You a Freeeakk! Lol Ion even know what to say to that haha :)
I'll be on Imus 7:35 a.m Monday morning. I have to pick 5 of my favorite songs for him to play. What would you pick?
The Sex Pancakes "Anar-crepe in the UK"
At thos point, it's the 2010 49'ers again. If their losses lead to the people in charge getting fired, I'm ok.
RT : I would like to cordially invite you to Fuck Off
#edchat #cpchat #sschat Reading and writing should be the spine of all content area teachers! For a good read , read Focus by mike schmoker
Well taffy just pulled a crown off. :^(
Watching Alabama-Florida. Played for Coach Pelphrey and Coach Pujol. Both great men and great people in this business.
can't breath good when laying down and her feet is swelling really bad. She has congestive heart failure.
Not only does reviewing for ap exams suck but the storm outside is intense
Never thought I'd listen to Mayday Parade so consistently. Beautiful music.
Words of Wine Wisdom: "Artists and poets still find life's meaning in a glass of wine." ~ Joy Sterling, A Cultivated Life
Van Halen tickets coming up next.
I'm really tryna hit up the movies again dis friday or saturday
omg whatt! i have a broken love story</3 o;
you win / 'chain so big cant pop my COLLAR' / weird when santa turns into a lawyer at the end.
Things will never be the same
I've never had it so I don't know what to expect but I think I'm going to give it a try today or tomorrow :/
: I will be happy! It doesn't mean everything is perfect. It means I have decided 2 look beyond any imperfections!
Hi John.Seth should make a podcast because is his birthday Hope you read it. I love your music, Have a nice day. God bless you!
Those chocolates are too yummy! Trying not to eat the whole box. ;)
hey can you please retweet me for all Ur dolls in phx!!!! Love ya khloe and lamar!!!!
uploading pizza to lunch reserves page.
Well yeah, they're depressed.
im going to be by your side 24/7 i love youu<33
Good luck to the #usmnt today vs. Italy.
Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed
Thank God we don't work in cubicles here....and thank God for technology so no one knows if we're on a patio while working.....
,NINO THE UNDERBOSS !COME CHECK OUT THA NEW ALBUM STREET SHIT OVER WEAK SHIT,HOT SINGLE NINO ,FEAT.SLIM THUG NEW SHIT!
No. No more than they are right now.
call me fam
you don't know me so don't even try .
Been Sittin in A Parkin Lot For 3 Hours Cause I Rather Not Argue! #Bullshit #CantLiveLikeThis !
Q: What's the difference between an onion and an accordion?A: No-one cries when you chop up an accordion.
awe! I love your new profile pic, btw!! So cute!
My left eyelashes are longer than my right eyelashes. Does that happen to anyone else?
that was my team dylan I was relying on them
Blah I want food.
on his way to 110K. Let's help get him there by letting everyone know what he's all about. #Class #GCF Only The Finest 👌
Unix is user friendly - it's just picky about it's friends
Come visit our repair facility at: 20423 State Road 7 #F-1 Boca Raton for an extensive selection of parts & accessories for your phone.
is currently pooping :)
Students & #aoahill = GREAT combo ! RT #AOA advocacy meeting in Washington DC. It's time to fight for optometry!
Been working all day on my site upgrades. Now time for bed. Another early morning.
Jamie Dimon's mom really washed behind his ears today, I have no doubt...
My cousin just got proposed to!!!!!! ah! Screw my chem final, it is time to celebrate!
Never doubt anyone…
How did I end up right here with you? After all the things that I've been through.
Tonight's pages will be lovely thanks to inspirational lunch w/ and his equally lovely significant other! Plus, I do a favor...
Is Google + the official death of Google Buzz? I hope so
Finally back at home in VA! And looks like maybe a white Christmas!
Thats exactly the idea :)
Work WITH Wisconin's citizens, instead of against them.
that's nothing new, he did that all season
I'm trying to read the books but I just don't have any time to
how what?
route 66 casino coupons
please pick me di time!?!
thanks! Hey do you have an FB account?
Better not be! I expect an exciting night, With or out out NFL news lol ! “: Quieter than expected so far tonight. Will it last?”
I hope to get down to LA sometime this year and I definitely want to meet the new lil one!
#Blazers on a 21-7 run to cut 20-pt. deficit to 6. scored 8 straight for Portland.
If it's weird, it's grand. =)
Tell me why there is actually a one legged waitress working at the Ihop.
sorry i forgot to give a fuck
Faithful are the wounds of a friend; But the kisses of an enemy are profuse. Proverbs 27:6
close enough I guess...
so that's a yes for tonight then right? Tell her my chicken is already in the crock pot and bring Mia too she was fun!
We have #Playaway accessories , check them out. #Earbuds, #headphones , #replacement battery door covers and much more. www.showcases1.com
Therapy is expensive, poppin' bubble wrap is cheap! You choose.
cousin's here :D
I suppose bed might be good . Gotta be at bright and early to make my peoples their donuts and coffee ..
slasherz be damned, the way you look today restored my faith in all mankind
Meet Let her know about any specials going on, and she will tweet about them. You deserves lots of followers!
Draw something! adam.zahoran 😁
LMAOOO!! --> RT : If you ugly as shyt you should b nice to everyone && stfu !!"
": I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents lmaoo" I WOULD HATE TO.
Great evening hanging with our Tar Heels & Charlie, & now Trey, on Franklin St.
HAven't spoken to you in so long1 How are you pretty girl? Look at that pic rawwwwwr!
lol! Where's the Gladys Knight's sweet tea maker?! EMERGENCY
you have no idea how excited we are!!! cc
I hate not being able to say what i really feel >.<
you're welcome
wheres the pics of you hitting that trippy stick. Thats what we waiting for.
Phone calls from ATL n CALi I'm startin to see the bigger picture.
#IfMyDreamsCameTrue I'd be married to
Did I mention tomorrow i'll be getting PAID!!!!
Home from work. Time for Game of Thrones!
I can't tweet my entire book. I RT what I think is interesting. So does everyone.
We need more engaging content like you create. I know how much work this is but keep going!
Cash for Hot Tubs. You guys always have the best ideas.
And who are back up QB. Is gonna be after literally trading all of our other quarterbacks for 1 guy
Sandra, just one. I'm here to peer pressure you. It's BASICALLY summer.
At my first Diamondbacks game!! With and Julia!
wow it's gonna be special.. Poor things, they might choose to go with the bears! I'm thinking no photos? ;P <3
Don't go to bed before reading about the School Cave! Part 2 up at my blog.
gonna shout it from the rooftop...
that will happen.
Sorry, know what that's like, worked a lot of the conference and most of my free time last yr. Hope u get more freedom!
Are you ready to make it happen today? I am!
Touche, ha. But I won't let you "lawyer" us out of this discussion quite so easily. If not "punk", you could use "garage".
Betty White is endorsing Pres. Obama...mad cool!
I don't. I just have gin and horse tranquilizers.
HOLY! That looks amazing. That's definitely a meal in itself though. Too sweet for me. Enjoy! <3
LOL U been living the good life huh?? I am just chillin for a minute!!
word?! We need to get together!
You can kiss my country ass!
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down. – Unknown
I dont think you know how big of a smile you put on my face knowing that you'll be here in less than a month <3333333 #sofrigginexcited ...
♀Hope floats, So to reach it you have to rise above negativity♀
sure hope so
awe ok lol:) well I'm going 2 bed I'm super tired:p I'll ttyl
We'll certainly have to meet up one day after my return.
Exhausted as fuck
If a woman dunks in a basketball game, does it make a sound?
oh chuck.
APPARENTLY #SNAS ALBUM RELEASE PARTY LAST NIGHT WAS BIGGER THAN THE OJ CASE & CASEY ANTHONY CASE. AND I MISSED IT. CONGRATS CHIEF.
Dear "friend", After everything you have done, you have no right to even speak to me.
"too bad I have herpes and webbed feet" LMAO I love him
Thank you very much Rt Presley's career is looking like it died while on the toilet.
does your lab coat say "Pediatric Neurology?" That's my dream.
Some people need to mind their own business...
Bout to head home
And when your fucking her. I'll be in your head
Levon was and will remain the personification of true American music.
Happy Birthday Darius!
I can't believe you just said that. Take it back. Now. Please?
Coachella is expected to make an announcement on Monday. Likely concert dates for 2013, but possibly a Tupac weekend.
So happy Pka is found! Best wishes to you!
Rep. Molepske says he will run for Portage Co. district attorney.
Monaco has more people in its orchestra than its army! Lets rob them. What are they going to do, hit you with an oboe?!
I think it's funny that so many people talk about "stay classy", when you know everyone hasdone some unclassy shit in their life
“: Wow...another call...filled w/ opportunity. What a week!! And I still have the afternoon, tomorrow & Sat.”
you'll find out soon if they did!
To vote for your favorite photo, just "like" it in our Facebook photo album.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "VOLCANO" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
oh my christ please tell me you're still working in olin and are willing to share thanks bye
I seen this dude get his ass beat.damn
Don't that get on your nerves QT : I can't stand people who always saying they kin to every damn body
Couldn't agree more. I'm thinking this is my last semester spring break can't come soon enough!
Should have mixed it with Cointreau from the liquor cabinet.
I moved on to drinking teat from my mug. Still on the couch.
O_O RT : The Thunder are killing the Lakers by so much, James Harden's beard has 20 points.
send me your email address
RT : Jabee Just finished an interview with from the Daily Oklahoman! Look for the story in the paper on Friday!
#amwriting and making myself giggle. This means the stuff is great... or I've had too much coffee. :)
Its so nice out, I think Ill walk the 100 blocks home
“: are u at the Peyton Manning press conference?” no sir. Im in LA
TEE TIME
I think I'm going to enjoy NYC a lot more now that I'm not a student!
Smart stuff: RT : "You can't get ahead of anyone if you're always trying to get even with them."
There'll be a break from 5:15 to 6. If you need food or coffee recommendations, feel free to ask the volunteers in gray shirts.
ima have to get wit you a ball brodie
Please mention me in you next tweet. I will follow back to.
that fat nigga
is also SO over.
RT : In order to lose $80 million, Terrell Owens would have had to spend $15,279 A DAY from his 1st NFL paycheck to his last.
Not sure who you are but that statement is false. The majority love her and are sad to see her go. Her timeline is all love
Attended the State of the City Adress by Mayor Tomas Regalado on Friday. Excellent speech !
Oh my! Too much rain!
How is it? In Austin, at least, it's apparently nowhere near as hot/disgusting as it was last week...
we'll hopefully have the demo out next month or even earlier if we can. We'll keep posted
just working my dude! How are u?
From Barcelona to Las Vegas. I will be attending the Digital Signage Expo this week. Looking forward to it!
I just finished a 4.01 mi run with a pace of 9'28"/mi and a time of 38:00 with Nike+ GPS.
is tomorrow gonna be another live Saturday??? O BUT OFCOURSE IT IS.!!!!!!
RT : Hey north Austinites! Come see me at Whole Foods Gateway today from 11-3 and try some #m coffee buzz!!
Keep up on twitter Byron. We luv ya!
you gunna be there tomorrow am?
I like where we are. Here.
You look amazing!!!Love the necklace on you!
That's what we were made to do. to love and b loved by u
Yeah my favorite person in the whole world is here this week! My Nana! Can't wait to go shopping, sew, and spend quality time with her
Throw down the mattock and dance while you can.
Q4 via : What's the funniest street/public sign you found on your travels? Photos?
The #webslam food was demolished & loved. The little left went to to help them get through opening night.
Evan Smith is doing an outstanding job pressing Jill Abramson about the Murdoch era of the Journal. She stayed classy
you should let me and write for yu cuz u ass..lmao
Every time I study finance depressing music shuffles on. #nofutureonwallstreet #butI'mstillacapitalist
I hate when ma daughters is Sick I wish I could take their sickness so they can feel betta
New Spring Lunch menu is now in production! Check out our new Yellowfin Tuna Nicoise $13
Wed. #HighSociety at Club SEXY Ladies Free & Well Dressed Men Free B4 11pm. Txt3235235851
And Julian Edelman covering Cruz. Relax.
i didn't know that. Don't do army though, do marines. But if you do go in the army, try for the rangers and maybe delta
We recommend following for Follow Friday
Because Chicago needs to know where they can find the most authentic ethnic food in the city. Cabbies know best.
then I will see it tommrow :)
Big thanks to for allowing us to meet there to hit the road today! They are the best. Be back late tonight!
People always ask me why I seem so happy--I always have the same answer; forgiveness.
Did you know that KC is the sister city of Freetown Sierra Leone which is only 308 km from 's hometown of Kenema?
Hi Carlo! Things are going good. I am much better since I had a stent put in my heart. My blood flow is good. Hope you are well.
i'm always impressed with these awards shows and the people who do the staging. they always come up with new and interesting stuff.
Day 2 and she is beating me like crazy. But I love each moment of it
Totally forgot to reply to you. Thanks for sending the articles! I'll make sure my chicken is antibiotic-free now!
I'm glad you feel the same.
i dont care!
We need a remote location for house/farm concert in Atlanta area for If you can provide, contact me please.
I could not agree more. She's the best and like you, she loves actors!
I would love to hire you to host an interactive video chat with your fans. DM me for more info.
Do about what?
yeah that's what the pass was:p
Are you a pinball prodigy? A high-scoring Skeballer? If so, checkout this 52% off offer from Nickel-O-Play. www.yourluckydeals.com
gravity is so wierd
They dont know what to say about themselves either lmao
I would love to know the science behind the ripping and hole punching of train tickets
Gym flow before this Lakers game tonight 💪👊
do you keep getting hacked?
I'm liking the idea of installing a #franzia box wine unit into my desk a work
Seriously, there were incredible disconnects in that entire presentation today. Pandora v. Radio, markets, etc. Didn't equate.
Well, the Colts had a terrible first game. But there's still 15 more.
Thanks, Pacers fans! We received our limit. Congrats to the 250 fans that get to see me dunk live on Tuesday.
Hey old friend . Been a year since we talked .
follow me please
Early lunch is so healthy:)
Its weird
down to shoot and edit a vid for me tomorrow?
♀God heals the broken hearted, He will bandage your wounds and erase your sorrows♀
me - and you should check out the hottest pop artist in Detroit here. www.thekeyplayerz.com - Toot Toot!!! thatd be my horn.
For me NBA refs are bad for EVERYONE. And Joey Crawford? I'd hate for him to call any of my teams' games.
is a CREEP
Watching War On Drugs at The Avalon. Random venue for this show, but such a good band.
I'm getting word smith's book. Thanks for the shoutout.
Power is the endgame in politics, not solutions. Says Hofmeister
gonna start with getting my bachelors in business, and would have to work somewhere a couple of years before can get the MBA.
If u r single and want to mingle, Eden is the place tonite.
you can look into the modem config page and see how many channels are bonded
thesinglelive! It has its charms.
Do the new views work for your blog? They don't really work for mine. Not enough pictures...
Pissed I had to get up at 6:30 to drive from Bloomington to school and my patient cancelled grrr!!
your sense of humor always balance your soul of life, use each hour of life and enjoy it they dont return, the stem of progress start you
Emilie Management signs up under Lightyear Wireless and Telecommunications
Just got done recording a new song and now time for lunch!
I tend to collect little trinket- boxes.
its you and me and all of the people and i dont know why, i cant keep my eyes off of you. <3
Band Concert!
My mind forgets to remind me, you're a bad idea .
I need a map of the convention center. This place is huge!
my whole office just pegged their jeans. ah love the 80s
ight I'll try not to
very nice. That is exactly what I am looking for. I will Be in touch. Thx
THE QUEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNN IS BACK ALL DAY DJ'S BEWARE
would totally get together...wedding is out on end of LI but we are thinking of doing a few days before/after
if you ever need reflective acoustic songs Sp/Eng check out my tunes...thanks
You know you're depressed and self-destructive when McDonald's seems like a good idea.
It's nice as a reading device. You can read white on black or black on white. And enlarge fonts. We old folks need that. LOL
Arden B. bebe. bcbg. Great sales...black Friday is coming up...
real good news way to go!
I thought that fucking bird wanted to play until I saw mamma smack it.
I LOVE sleep but never want to go to bed early -- I Do That Too ()
Okay NOW Goodnight :)
Blink is always good to listen to on a road trip.
Congratulations on the hiring of Walter Berger as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
when you going to start throwing facts? Your other page is protected like a coward. Mine's wide open like your pussy.
oh my gosh?! Really?? Thats so exciting!
Laying out with a cold brewski
My Italian friend gave me a hug today, I thou he was gonna smack me so it got all awkws. Oh, well.
i love you followers [: ~Dannah
I am loving this morning on my way to CrossFit!!! Yes!!!
I get mad when people go out of their way to tell me they're a pescatarian.
ALARA Principle and Time -- always use the shortest exposure time possible.
Great; I'll give you a call or gchat at some point about the poster session if we move forward.
Scoping out exteriors, roaming neighborhoods this morning. Interior viewing this afternoon.
I'm trying to get into the modeling and acting business any tips
Now following , follow back!
while your reputation is merely what others think you are."CoachWooden
Super Bowl Weekend!!! CHOOSE TO BE A GOOD SPORT!!
Your strongest lines of defense are all just self-inflicting wounds
my first tape
arrived back to LA in one piece. didn't die in the 'horrific and stupidly over dramatized hurricane' such a loads of codswollop
typical. RT “: my weekend was _________. (one word only)”
#bravo restaurant in Des moines - DISGRACEFUL keeping a party with reservation waiting 35 mins & counting. Terrible service - no tip 4u guys
If you woke up breathing, congratulations! You have another chance!
gotta go work
Great alert from MBBP (law firm) about new #data #security regs in MA. Very relevant to our #tech #entrepreneur friends!...
literally 30min ago??
Things I never thought I'd hear in a children's cartoon: Blood waterbed.
You need to follow ! Best TE in the league!
oh, well i wouldn't know since i've never been
I'm Telling You Purpose Is Unfolding! It Seems Like Its Taking Forever, But When It Happens It's Gonna Be Swift!
The local level does not work unless the individual level comes to church.
Can't handle the brilliance of that show. I watched that one twice too! I never do that with TV.
Oh your back is messed up? Let me pop it back into place baby
No Rose No Problem BULLS WIN!!! BULLS WIN!!!
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”~ Dr. Seuss
Had a busy work/campaign day, but I am excited to be joining Bill White at his education town hall in Irving this evening.
Now I want to listen to that. I wonder if salting the road instead of mowing the lawn will have same effect?
I think im addicted to instagram... Haha
SHOUT OUT TO shes a new quote account and could use some followers! PLLLLEEEEAAAASSEEE follow her? :) Thanks! <3
so u get followers for that son of a bitch andre but not me? :stevie:
Ha! Sad but true. RT : FACT: The UW Marching Band has already spent more time on the field than the UW defense
Life is too short. Enjoy every moment"
Thanks for the comment. I will look into that with the cab company. We are working hard to improve taxi service in Baltimore
ick!!!!!!! Love it! Great work dude!
NO NO NO hahaha kidding ;)
Just gray here
Frosting has both less calories and less calories from fat than peanut butter. Frosting and jelly sandwiches for all.
did you see the fans story on how he was treated at IU...indiana is the new WVU
brandnewgoodcheap-iphonecharger: Fm Transmitter + Car Charger ...
are you still on because #bring1dtoseattle is what's happening
Sad thing is. I can give people relationship advice, and it pretty much always works out...but when it comes to me..my brain goes blank -__-
sorry for getting lipgloss all over your face :x love ya babe :-*
Worried that pre-hub has THE FLU. Hopefully it's just the rotten cold that's ripped through our house.
with fewer applicants and stagnating opportunities, it'll pop quite loudly, especially at younger/not-well-regarded schools
Don't sleep on us.. 2011 is our year!! Stay hungry my friends!
oh yea love you too, I guess that's payback for that burnt grilled cheese
I would enjoy this awesome thunder storm more if my dogs weren't about to tip over the couch to hide under it.
should we post another song demo or do you find demos annoying and you just wanna wait for the full song ?
calm down there grown up person
Did the #Pac12 already engrave the 2012 trophy with USC!?!
If today is ash Wednesday.... Is tomorrow pikachu Thursday?
MINDS: One audience member raises the issue that in order to show an employer a portfolio, they need the grades to get to the interview.
So glad I don't have to worry about making appointments to get my hair / nails done. I'll sleep in and shop, thank you very much. 😏
We're back! Happy Monday. We'll see you LIVE starting at 9am.
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "U" #Unbreakable , #TheUnitedStatesOfLeland , #Underworld ,
i don't have respect for people who do drugs.
"Feeling so good, to have our new single {I'm in love} Rickey Calloway & The Dapkings Band played on Breakin Bread Radio in London."
shit. I wish a nigga would.
Good night for the #Cubs top two prospects so far. Anthony Rizzo with a 3R HR in the 1st, Brett Jackson with a run scored and a triple.
i kept thinkin bout almost everyday . i know your disappointed wit me and mad towards me, im sorry once again bby ): i love you so much !
This is why I take the classes... I NEED to do this!
Waiting for an train to offload at BWI. Feel like I'm on the metro
you got thiss no ones as good as u guys have fun tonight wish i was there but ill be watching :)
Dosent cost a thing to smile, you Don't have To pay to laugh, you better thank God for that!
Anybody got gaylords to sell? We buy a bunch. $$$
cannot wait until you're back on the field
throwing down bilingual in LA presser. Do it Marc.
Q6 If I stopped what I was doing everytime the detector beeped I'd never get work done
Chinatown today, get some shopping done and grab a taco, we got al pastor, pollo sofrito, purple potato and barbacoa. happy holidays
I know! We've been working hard to get some great vids! Hope u like!! :)
btw Ill be at ya crib next week
I hear you guys have a 1 yotabyte cpu, I guess all our private info is the then
Ok I lied I am wearing pajamas
was just showing off his new #iPad in the office. Many of us were quite jealous.
Death of Salesman was brilliant! Phillip Seymour Hoffman + critiques of American capitalism
Happy Easter back! Enjoy those green beans as ONLY Aunt Myra makes them! :-D
He asked me what i was doin there because i looked out of place.
Bad brat! Eat something better! Like sugar cereals! Lol
South Florida is DESTROYING Cal
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool why is Mr.Brown so wired I bet other kids don't have to deal with this but we love him any way right
Haters are gonna hate. Lol. Just give them a REAL reason to hate you.
omg yes! #SUBWAYFAN more like subways #1 Fan
I don't like jealous boyfriends. Uh-uh.
great smirk
RT Raffi Torres gets 25 game suspension for hit on Hossa. He should've been forced to go on a date with Chris Brown to see how he likes it.
after a rinse-off AND a real shower, I'm still finding pebbles in my poon & sand in my ear
RT : Attending SOURCEBoston? 1st 20 ppl @ M's table receive a FREE copy of book "Practical Malware Analysis"
In caveman times we had seasonal macronutrient shortages - industrial agriculture has brought us year-round micronutrient shortages
Wooot! Loved the #vegan treats and spending time with you!
Hi WRAS Team! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH LOU <3
- HUGE Kick Ass fan! Would love 2 send you my comic material for review. Hopefully it kicks ass too... Who can I contact? Thanks!
RT : RT : If you admit fault with social media, customers will come to your defense says
I graduated and started a new job in the same week with no time off... what was I thinking?! But, this whole "job" thing is pretty cool!
do you have an editor lined up yet?
This is a game for grown man in the paint. If your a lil boy you won't survive.
Asked if they could move out of my parking lots driveway.
Ditto!! Go have some fun!
I always try to wake up early enough to read something motivational in the morning so I can start my day off right
Theres an advantage to being flexible, disadvanrtage my joints lock up!! :/
please follow >>>
Verizon stops taking iPhone pre-orders after setting unspecified 'record'
Leaf and Signal Opening TONIGHT 6-8pm - see you there! #cville community arts
aw thanks .
I know... I was beat by a squirrel #awkward #embarrassing anyway you're my favorite
What a silly title: non-attorney spokesperson aka actor?
I agree
TRAVELS IN THE SCRIPTORIUM.
I DETEST unnecessary drama. Drama is stress. Stress is DEATH. Not just sickness DEATH. I Am NOT dying to-damn-day! #vamoosyawhack2me #GO!
The key is not the "will to win" - everybody has that. It is the will to prepare to win that is important. Bobby Knight
Kings of Illuminati.
Thank you research paper for ruining a perfectly good Sunday
RT for A GoodNight Mention from TerranceJay* ;)
It's a serious hunk of shit.
I would like to give a huge shoutout to beacuse she supports all the time :) Congrats Jasmin !
I think we've all been there, You'll know what we mean if you come to and hear her
I do the same thing. Its more common than you think, and I thought i worked past it a long while ago.
