hahaha! Why are they basically the same person???? It's kinda scary 😱
If people only knew how hard I work to gain my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe ;)
Planning a 10 day trip to cinci in June!!!!! Yay accruing more vacation days!
shes just a 14 year old girl..... what if people said that 2 u??? i hope does wins the TCA i vote 4 her everyday
very nice set tonight! Tell the guitarist in the back he did an amazing solo on Head Home. What's his name?
im whidd god until the end
They scored the 2nd most runs in BB but they also had an outfielder pitching the other night. smh
I. AM. SO. BORED
Yes Quyana for the RT! Thank you so much! I'm going to be in the State Fair Parade! :) I hope to see you all there!
Good to Know Fact: Massage during pregnancy relieves many of the aches and pains often accompanying the changing mother's body.
Sweet! Thanks, brother!
Bonhoeffer graduate Jonathan Irwin just received the William Wilberforce Award for "vigorously engaging the public square."
lmao! they are just a bunch of dumb fucks!!
Great to meet you here on Twitter.
Golf time
erica he has a BAD BACK
FVCK LENT doe
YES! RT : Booked a commerical, had a film #audition, Shakespeare #audition, plus a fantastic meet and greet !
Where are you betch?
good morning stranger next time u see me speak big head lol
ill have to remember that.. i love them
Merry Christmas from !
Go Daddy boycott slows, domain transfers in almost doubles those going out
I get it. Stevie reworked happy birthday in support of King holiday & now we witness rebirth of King in a huge way.
my car smells like assholes. i believe this to be my fault.
whered the hell is that?
This is my specialty.
I know I'm the bomb diggity now I'm ready to do your hair for graduation all I can say is its going to be
Shannon:"I'm just a fat walking potato." Lmfaaaooo!!!
Time to give my nosy ass neighbors something more to talk about ima start taking my dog out in my boxers. Hopefully one of them is reading!
Leading lady Jane Wyman is the only woman to have been an ex-wife of a US president: she was married to Ronald Reagan from 1940 to 1948.
5-0 #Royals in the 2nd but if any team can crap more runs than a lactose intolerant man at the Belfonte ice cream factory, it's the
;) love lights.
oh! Very nice!!!
Headin out for the night. Dont have to be in the studio til mon
That's your name, don't wear it out
STANDING TALL AND TALENTED!.....good game tonight! keep it up!
Streptococci help plaque to form. Plaque is home for infectious bacteria. Kill the strep & the bacteria. Learn more at: www.closys.com
Just woke up from a 5 hour nap >_< I don't know if I'll sleep the rest of the night..
Two more sales on ! Looking for gifts for any of the ladies in your life? Look no further! dirtyslaundry.etsy.com has what you need!
You going to bed?! Let me guess on the floor? <3 (:LOL.
i.e. when the news kept posting Sybrina's "accident"statement...days AFTER she sent her clarity statement
Thanks for being obedient!
rain threat low in the morning and early afternoon, after 3pm chance of rain/storms. Severe threat looks west and south
lmao! Yeah it'll do that for the first 2 wks i was just like you! Then i got in a routine so it was all good
I don't(: I need a smart and a hard working guy. I won't just date anyone. They need to be worth it(:
#wma2011 "learning how to think with art is far more interesting" - [re]vision
Luv kexp I Power tagline, avatar, splash, sticker social media campaign
Merry Christmas, everyone!
Cycling 1. Gazelle 0. I'd like to complain about what hurts - but it's not G rated.
I feel calmer already!
Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Have fun and stay safe. Slainte!
Free Noodles & Company for lunch, just for working on Lake St in Oak Park. Happy Monday.
yeah that can do it haha! And nice! What did you specialize in ? And I'm thinking about going the TUF way but still not sure...
Hope everyone had a Bright and Blessed Mother's Day!
I'm glad you tweeted tonight. Me and were just wondering if you were dead!!
My sister keeper <3
Christina Hendricks, this ramone lady on might be your future.
Hola to my favorite faux scrapbooker!
(Belated) Grand Opening Celebration today! Raffle entries all day, and at 8p, come hear musician Erica Warford.
I'll look and see if I have any left
I suspect few saw that one coming.
#MyMomRocks Because She Always KEEP her Word and Keep It One Hunnit ALL The Time.
I hate when people dont pay attention to a interesting conv. HateLies<3Trust
sorry guys, I'm giving the bracket board to , he was the 1st responder. See you all thursday !
Great, send me an email at and I'll send over some info.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. Watch "Mister Rogers & Me", a documentary produced by Fred Rogers' neighbor, on MPTV 10 at 8PM.
During the Great Depression, the US built one of the greatest engineering feats ever. At 8 on MPTV 10 on - the Hoover Dam.
I can't believe you're at this #USC #Stanford game. So sick.
This chick is bad
extremely disappointed to learn that only 2 of 8 #COMMONpitch ideas selected are from MKE. How is this pro-MKE?
Do not bother.
RT - I Have So Much Passion For The New England Patriots Its Like I Live In Boston; Not To Forget The Celtics, Red Sox...
Catering function this am, followed by BIG meeting all day.
Ancient aliens is pretty rad.
The capitol building is a freakin' maze.
Genesect? They gave him out at events, right?
Regrets collect like old friends.
#Bruins need to go get Nash!
It's funny how my customers always want to pretend to take a bite of my soaps after they pick them up...Temptation was Eve's reply "he-hee
American Dad > Family Guy
All The Care I Would Take All The Love That We Made And Now You Trynna Find Somebody To Replace What I Gave To Ya...
Irrationally angry that peanut butter frosting exists (with matching cake) and I can't eat it.
He's a patent examiner.
Thx Kim. Just trying to keep up with you. How are things at DreamTown?
Do not allow those things that, by nature, destroy to affect your nature.
RT : A man wearing an Afghan army uniform has shot dead an American service member in southern Afghanistan, officials said...
Nice. Spring Training is a blast and it's never a dull moment with & crew. First round at Dos Gringos is on me.
Wow this girl really just said that on tv
is a BART ride away.
LOVE THAT!
- Yeah as long as you don't party too hard at night too often, that's they key to surviving in nightlife!
Senator John McCain, while not a fan said "Elections have consequenses". Is that a problem? Perhaps we should think about that!
I didn't feel really at home until year 4 (5th this year). I'm considering why that is, not sure yet.
hey there
damn it is april fools day. wow forgot all about that day,
tire iron an Leather strap?
Studio is looking sick. Love the atmosphere!
I found a great way to avoid all the time and hassle of ironing and it's completely free! I call it, "not giving a shit."
yea until you get shot at!!! I haven't but you know just sayin, so what's your life like??
Power just went out
Finally time to get some windows cleaned, heading to St. Paul, near the capitol today.
Pissed off to the max right now but its all good...I'm about to get this good ol' I.d. & get my life on track
MEN: How many times are you gotten a blowjob in the back of a movie theater with someone sitting next to you?
RSVP: Weed Road
It's ok. My computer needs to be fixed. As for work, I love it! So its not so bad, plus I sleep much better now! Ha ha.
some of the kennel namez go back a long wayz- in the Total Shiba book.
Only 2 days of work this week....only 2 days till my birthday....only 20 minutes left on this smelly train.
it's hard to judge just based off one episode. I'll probably give it a couple more before I decide whether to continue.
oh wow. Well ima stay outta it I don't wanna hit a nerve lol :) hope the best for y'all sis
Yes, you only put one eye.... dumb ass.... ahaha
thanks boy (:
Today's challenging sourcing work: Merchandise planners out of select top-notch competitors.
Ok great. You know I always love to chit chat!!! Lol.
Don't miss out on this week! And definitely check out the menus at #BlueBoheme, &
Here in Boston, the rain is pouring down. So yes, coffee, please!
LET IT BE ! Go JB ! Hope the message gets thru to all the peeps!
cute scarf!
- great discussion about innovation, social media and higher education. Looking forward to more discussions with
love the goose! Does he/she have a name?
Hello Whistler!
Okay, that's 4 more resumes sent, for a grand total of 14 out there. That ought to lead to a few callbacks.
whatever if its a body pillow that shit probably flat now ya big ass
I would have voted brick...from personal experience
Up earlier than expected ..still Kush up from last night..still finna roll up again
love all hate none.
Hello everyone can you please follow one of my really really really close friends !!:) thankk youu !:)
That OVO and that XO is everything you believe in.
ah, I get it. lol I was super confused, but now I get it. :)
Conducting a concert on a Barge during a windy storm was interesting. The music stand kept sliding from side to side.
my dads speech on life & true friends he's giving me right now... awh i love him
A smile hides a thousand tears and a broken heart.
Thanks to all attendees, restaurants, MSOE, and volunteers. So awesome
Breakfast in the pm with the guys
BDay present this year= Garmin watch! Officially joining those using "lap" ft.,tracking pace, etc. I feel like I just joined big kid table
Lexi! you're so pretty.
I am going to Singapore! But you have already left...
Just way too obnoxious for my tastes. So overdramatic, so selfish, such a jerk in just about every regard.
got me too but u caught it.
did he sign
Thanks Molly!
Welcome , , ! Thanks for following
I have so much to pack that I don't know if it can be done in the next few days before Monday. . . . . .
<----- followed back
Do you wanna start with Coolidge or Reagan? Both sucked.
Is everyone going crazy for the Marni for H&M collection today? We like the jewelry and prints.
NW; Impractical jokers
im so hungrey i can eat eney thing right now
I think I just saw Christian Finnegan from Best Week Ever walking on Broad St. but doesn't think so.
when did this happen lmfao
-dal.a c someone no haha
which city?
Leo Burd from MIT Center for Civic Media speaking on, "Design technology for social inclusion"
New look for our Eco Framing FB Page - similar to the Timeline GUI launched a couple months ago - check it out!
Can that ball boy play 3rd? Or SS? Please?
Ah no, I'm from Portland and I'm a little picky!
Hey Richard, Thanks for following me on Twitter
I can actually see him doing it because Y is pretty sarcastic but no, Shia should not be allowed anywhere near this.
I'm making a hash tag for the Random House Library Advisory Board. I hope others pick up on it.
We promise we will be back at 100% very early next year! Thanks guys!
“: 10 minutes til I serve the Exploration Cocktail from to thirsty guests at the #mcc2012 ”
Q1. The Official Twitter Theme Song should be...
less than a minute. They walked in the booth I was in and they pulled their dicks out. I was sitting there in my jockstrap.
Kantor had just thrown a trunk, w/ contents unknown to public, into the ocean. 1600 people showed up for experience.
Quote of the night: "There's a lot of Jewish people here tonight. You're either going to get this or not."
it said that on all our school computers today haahah
Penny needs to STFU. Ego is unbecoming.
omg I wish...lol but you don't follow me!
I may be home in LA but I left my heart in #Sayulita, Mexico!
lol follow my self???
Tahquitz casts sacred spell yesterday, today
Why is it that ALL the super #attractive #cute #sweet #funny #smart #stunning #amazing #romantic #sexy #GUYS go to every school but mine?!?!
2nd gig in Paris was murder. Joint packed & we played superbly, then on to a jam w/Margitza. So good 2 C & play w/him again. Last gig 2nite.
Could really use some distraction today. Come on, students! I know you have final papers to research!
Sometimes you have a client...and they should rent.
I saw a commercial the other day. I'm going shopping tomorrow and will find them.
Is Patterson still italicizing random words in that series of books? Drove me nuts.
Created Pen-for-Rent business page on LinkedIn yesterday. Hope you'll check it out & follow it.
Thanx for taking a moment to "Follow," it means a lot!
Avengers was pretty awesome. Great dialogue and it had Robin Scherbatsky from HIMYM!
It is for me. Are you using WiFI or cell service? Try killing the app and re-opening it?
Subway again. :)
Woot! Finally back in Denver! Missed this town, but seeing the ladies was lovely!
well, I wasn't going to say that but - yea - be a men among boys :-)
and it came and went with nothing happening.
I'm in such a great mood. Things are finally getting better for me. :)
Aw THANK YOU SOO MUCH I REALLY APPRECIATE IT!! “ way ahead of you. Keep working hard. You Finna kill the game :)”
The Big Brutal Easy
With #miamimegamission listening to Ambassador Daniel Shapiro - says he has to pick & choose which groups he sees, but we were a no brainer
Pitt/PSU rivalry is dead. I'll be surprised if it comes back....so good luck coach O'Brien
do not let 1 moment go by tht doesnt remind u that ur heart beats 100,000x a day n there r enough gallons of blood 2 make every1 of u oceans
The people at the dentist are always so nice... but I know they are just masking the pain they are about to inflict ;(
Why have I been up for two hours already?
Glad I could make it to , Today's topic: "Inspiring Millennial Philanthropy"
Love to see arenafootball strategy being used in the super bowl
Aw.Turn the lighs on!:O
plane tickets is out of line boy lol
Just about to go on the air on #carlsononthelaw on I'll be talking about pot and naked bike riding...
go home mother is worried about you...
Sing Solidarity Forever... fuck the star spangled banner.
Don't indirectly tweet me bastard. Grow a pair.
“: it's raining...and im wearing a white shirt. of course.” niiiicccceeeee!!!!
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute.
Show cancelled tonight!
#ICantStandWhen your takin a test and you nose starts to wheeze and ya can't get it to stop
Pokerstars Caribbean Adventure.
I hope it doesn't rain, I wanna ride outside
it is a message asking me to connect with u on namyz
distractions are the worst
bands of the world: if you want to know what awesome is, go see archers of loaf on their tour. holy crap face.
But I still dont think teens should just go and get pregnant...They should use more caution if they are sexually active
Glad to have it.
I just said that cuz I seen u on my tweeter feed lol
yeah your right..lol.... hey do you like cumbias?
Happy New Year to everyone! Wishing you the best for the year ahead. Live well.
It would be a shame if you weren't at Racebannon's show at Red 7 Monday. Be there.
#eli2011 Thanks to Signals, Purdue has seen 6-10% improvement in retention from freshman to sophomore.
What a long ass day! 😁
Wat a happy feet 2???? Im down to go see that november 13 who else is down??lol
Ok I think I'm ready for tomorrow I figured out how to program the coffee pot.
oops, obviously it's going to be a spelling error morning, lol
so moved back in home, getting the band started again! life is good my friends!
So i go to my sisters room and this b**** is in the bed, hell no........
WOW! -> # people who do not pay federal income taxes but not claimed as dependents in 1984 = 14.8%, in 2009 = 49.5%
Go binary. 1024 words/day.
Oh, didn't get Angels as thought 1218. instead got gold stars for the stars they are, they light up my life more than they will ever know.
Every contact, situation, experience, or adventure, leads to positive, negative, or meaningless learning. Think, use, store or discard it.
After all is said and done, there is usually more said than done.
i have more followers then both you foos. Take that :P
I did not expect that
RT : Loose, broken ductwork accounts for 15-35% of a home’s energy loss. Have a professional test ductwork to locate and seal leaks.
4 days of master mind meetings this week with "the winner's circle"
Does Africa's economic growth mean that the top % are finding ways to alleviate the conditions of the 99%
THE RACE IS NOT GIVEN TO THE SWIFT NOR THE STRONG BUT HE THAT ENDURE UNTIL THE END!!!!!! JUST RUN ON AND SEE WHAT THE END GONNA BE!!!!
If ur a country music independent/un-signed artist and/or band & would like for ur music to be reviewed, contact us!
RT BarackObama: We will return with the help you need with or without the blessing of Congress
I hate when Ppl text in my ear like really punk
To the dealer...Every deal everyday is important, so there’s no need to wait
RT : heading to pasadena for area reception for accepted student! --> Let us know how it goes!
I like the look. Is this WordPress?
If time allows, it's a good idea for retailers to claim their business on foursquare so they have more control
she is the head girl ..... Jasmine Jazanti Santiago
My mom got the thing so i can plug my ipod in the car stereo wood.
John Cammack: "I want Baltimore to be the silicon valley of ed-tech start ups. We have all the ingredients."
I was right about the fact that Vonnegut was in Dresden, regardless of whether that was really in the argument we were having
I'd fight for you :)
- One's belief might be the foundation for everything that they do in life. May it be stupid or not.
Morneau just creamed one to center. His homers are just a thing of beauty.
Will you please please please only play the Pogues and Sin City Disciples at my funeral? Thanks, Dude.
I should have been violently killed long ago. Instead, he was.
why dont you Vox me??? i Vox u get all brewtech to follow me!!! i need more followers pls
You've gotta be more creative than that! 's adorable ;-) Make your own coffee shop! Unquiet1, is that Mellow Mushroom?
We not FRIENDS, so stop giving me nicknames and telling me ya bizness!
Yes, seems like 20 lifetimes ago. All is well, I hope the same for you. I don't know what RadioExiles is, but will check it out.
ill probably be around for next years tastecamp. Couldn't resist #vawine. It's my wine home.
Its crazy how to tear drops make a heart.
Botox has it's Rewards! Up to $125 in Rebates from the Botox peeps contact Skintastic.com for details & Look More Beautiful!
When You Start Dreaming And Working To Your Accomplishments, Thats When You Start Living!
what's up matey? Congratulations on your nod KCA.. also digging your new tune.. loved that art piece Livy did inspired by WSO
okay just let me know what time to hop on
Thanks for RTs and/or paper.li inclusion
Yup. I just booked a family trip on and am filled with dread.
The lines blurred a lot in the past few years. Change is one thing that's constant in media, esp when technology enter into it
Getting mentally ready to Run the Gauntlet with and
Omonia has the best Greek coffee & Cookies in Denver ...
my dad RSVP to the email he got about the picnic so we didnt get to go. I'm going next year!!!
starting to get pissed off =[
The dude on CNN just pointed to Kansas on a map and called it Oklahoma
thought i felt better today.... but i dont
time to make some money this year......... super grind mode
And that is the subject of a blog I'm currently working on. I really want to challenge the "NO CELL PHONES" urge we all have.
My son used to travel all over for cross country. I am very sorry about the funeral.
In #Tucson, imagining.
#Mariners shut out the #Twins behind #KingFelix winning 7-0!
comeover and eat our bacon ~
You already know, let's do it! Only time i'm comin back is Sundays for the
Rihanna is bad ass
omg I am so excited to c u guys perform! I love u so much please please follow me? :)
#TeamFollowBack can suck my dick you bunch of losers
Oops.... Caught up in a fairly wizardly adventure! Come check it out before we close our season til September!
Blackhole, Thanks for donating your fine coffee for our plant sale, its only 10 days away!!
Fun Fact: Flamingos are pink because of the food they eat. I wonder what they eat? And why they like to stand on one leg?
“: "Hi, Welcome to Hollister. Here's your gas mask and your flashlight."”
Josh Hamilton, tonight: 4 HRs in 5 ABs. All Mets, Giants and Padres hitters, combined, month of May: 3 HRs in 641 ABs.
Find the most static & immovable part of your business or process + nudge it imperceptibly in a new direction
whos that lovely lady?
An excellent read: RT : Combat #PTSD in 15 minutes. FREE EBOOK What is it, what does it look like, where to get help....
They're either commitment-phobes or just trying desperately to get a follow-back.
fo real! I'm not a good girl, excuse me, I like to be wild and have fun. :)
Yep I'm half Egyptian, from my mom's side.
That last one was obviously meant to be Q7.
Be well, my friend. I'm finally feeling like 75% of myself.
did you like that wink I shot you? I think I seduced jules ;)
road-trip to see during THATCamp on 4/25?
The Higher Caliber Klique?
They are over charging for the earths natural resources....america is for sale... This is modern day slavery...people wake up...
2 more tests left... ugh!
Time flys when your having fun
Welcome. Are the "Grey" books giving you a bump in readers?
first day of spring break = massive cleaning.
The Atlanta R&R Clinic is now starting at 11am this Saturday. That's one hour extra of Read & React goodness!
Happy new year everyone!!
Hey Jeff, thanks for the follow. I see you a fellow despiser of #SOPA. Keep fighting the good fight.
PACKER NATION SE SAYS GO PACK GO
God builds your faith through delays, difficulties, and dead ends, so that when he delivers you, God gets all the credit! Don't lose faith!
Portland Trail Blazers 31 Milwaukee Bucks 33 End Of 1st #trailblazers #bucks #nba (Via )
I just have no feelings toward school at all right now.
"Who would steal shopping carts?" "Hobos."
Would like to hear more about this.
Accident I-15 south at Sahara. Off on the shoulder. No major delays.
I'll let u know. Ight
I think iv changed my mind ..
s/o to my mama man always been their str8-up
Young athletes should be chasing athletic scholarships read this allsportsvideos.wordpress.com
Today I'm trying very hard to give myself permission to work on one overdue project at a time, rather than 7. Hoping for more progress.
The sex aint as good when I dont care for the person....ijs
Writing a story about mom who sued Nutella b/c advertising made her think she was feeding kids something healthy. Really?
I have One Direction Infection. <33333
You're welcome.
tickets are at will call!
thx for the follow!
best answer RT A2: I wanna go back to early 90s, where all my flannel shirts would be cool instead of #hipster ironic.
Everything for a reason .
We've been here before under slightly diff circumstances. Innovation and technology will always change the way we work. - Rio
Working on a Saturday to catch up before #HighPoint Market on Monday!
10 cups in a day, haha. Had more than that?
really? hmm that sounds pretty delicious. I'm heading there tonight, I'll pick some up.
Why do people prove points that aren't relative to the topic. Hysterical aint it?
LMAO If thats what you want to think
People are really into covertly taking cameraphone pictures of other people.
fuck the world. Drink more. Or sober up like me.
thanks for mentioning us.
A new era is starting...what a business trip, what an experience!
thank you so much! That was so nice of you. It was a great class, right?!
and I are playin floors via twitter 😊
WOW So, #OliviaOutsideTheGrammys is a trending topic? bofl!! Ya'll ain't right! ^o^
! no one was supposed to kno ;) lmaoo
Severe t-storm warning for SE Dodge and central Washington counties until 2:30. Hail is biggest threat. 1/2 dollar fell N of Watertown.
Woody Allen The best angle from which to approach any problem is the try-angle.
Twitter at work.... always a risky idea
Thank you for having the most entertaining match at last week Lockdown. Just wish u would have won
Peddle mashed down, painted red toes, sunglasses on, headed south down a dirt road, bye bye, back to the wind, she's gone
B/C even though he has bad days, he IS a doctor? RT : I only like it when John beats up Sherlock.
I was so cranky last nite so was he 😲😣 I kept waking up out my sleep
Wether you think you can or think u can't.... Your right!
old news but yea it's an
bad bitches get low
Obama is going to have a lot of Gay votes this yearr! 🌈✌
The love needs to be equal. Every band deserves to be loved, right?? Fuck yeah :P
that's what Ima do
I second that hork.
she prolly dont trust because of all the bullshit u put her thru.
The Movie Sensei would like to thank all his new followers! Domo Arigato
Figures, I guess :)
I am offically obsessed with the walking dead.
i dont myself :/(while shrugging)
hey Britt! Sitting next to your mom. :)
Thank you #flourbakery Central Sq, for this vanilla milkshake atop a magic chocolate pillow. Aka: chocolate cupcake.
Oh, good. You've read The Hunger Games, though, right? And The Maze Runner series is pretty good too, along the lines of survival.
#sacscoc General session-Best Practices in Assessing Student Learning by Gloria Rogers
I'm going to watch a DVD, cause the stupid tv won't #Shutup!
“: """Ok grass cut I think I need a six pack of Budweiser like ASAP."""” ciroc early Wat u say bra
I'm so happy that politico memes are becoming a thing. Endless distractions!
I conquered India, Africa, Canada, Australia, invaded Russia, Prussia and founded the first colony. Legit.
Let's do it to it! :-D I may try & do a lil show that week! “: How about we meet up during CMA fest?!?! #YesYesYes”
yep it's pretty gnarly:) I think "Fragments" is the best!!
I'll re-follow you if you
I really love my little Hartke 2100 Pro cab,BIG tone!..little box..but its kinda heavy,very good extention into lowest notes...34hz!
dang it.
SO EXCITED!!
No Bobby, he gets a pass... for cuteness factor, plus it is #pcbw not: ;D cc
Congrats to all of the SC students who graduated this Friday!!!!
Well we were going to take it easy tonight, but now I guess well make it sleezy tonight
You, too! I am looking forward to coming back up there to your fabulous High Falls Mercantile!
RT : The videos ready soon. "Agile is a change framework for software delivery...because the business needs us to change"
I think it's cool that celebs actually write what they think on here. I'm @ work watching MNF.
I would purposely have no ID and speak spanish, can you say LAWSUIT!
Fan favorite Red Panda about to take the stage/court.
Reading Half the Sky at the library. Riveted by the effective true-life storytelling use in non-fiction.
it is a good morning tho
When you are nasty to other people its usually because you dont like yourself....
Omg just keep talking -.-t
Congrats to Rick Rieman for picking up 2 vouchers to Sesame Street Live at April 27-29. Another shot at tix is coming up...
RT : The westbound lanes of 1604 at 281 will be closed through Mon. If this affects your route, use 410 to come to the park.
So I'm feeling really good about this shoot today :-)
LOL Life has been hectic. Can't keep up w/ technology! See you Wed nite?
Heading to the show soon! Pics up later!
C the kickoff of #RMHCs #SuperBowl commercial starring a 6yr old cancer survivor and help his support network grow even bigger! 6p EST tmw!
"You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there." ~Edwin Louis Cole
There comes a moment when it's more than just a game, and you either take that step forward or turn around and walk away
love your background! thanks for following!
On The Score @ 7:30 - Si.com writer Andy Staples (Covering Eastern Conf Finals and covered SEC football Tebow's first 2 years at Florida)
blew my mind. Fucking crazy show! Chipped tooth well worth it. I feel bad for though.
Yolanda Adam's tribute to Whitney gave me goose bumps.
Ohh best of luck with your search! I work at an advertising agency in downtown SD nowadays. Whatchoo up to besides Neverland??
Austin is so cute in his new interview :)
I look foward to reading your work! :-)
Switching accounts for results. Keep following
Legs hurt so badly!!!! One more !
thanks for making me look half way smart! Ha
Time to go for a run. :-)
Do you use this account still? I would like to have it.
Good morning and s/o to
Dumb question? Are there limits? ": I have like six people wanting me to follow I can't-I'm chicken!LOL.How many...
Oh my god you have your license and a car you're so cool please tell me more.
I can't remember which of my eccentricities are real, and which ones I keep up just because my friends find them so damn amusing.
Hey Arnold >>>>
Ear ache last night. No bueno. :-/
Apparently refs still think they can pull this out for GB.
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life. Robert Louis Stevenson
congrats dude!!!!
hmm... how about everyone else shaves their heads? It's more aerodynamic.
yea :)) so Can I get yo numba so I can txt U ?
Love reading & seeing pics about all the #MLB teams loading the trucks to head for spring training. Game ON!!
we gon bend so cum bust it open 😜lol
can you come to school tommorow?
The absolute satisfaction at the end of the day when you discover a new song.
where is that price ? I bought it yesterday on Amazon for 9.95
What's your fave hunger-fighting org?
"big men can't dominate w/o the ball" - Shaq
What's on channel 27?
my bday present to you
congrats eloy!!! That is awesome. Best of luck in all you do!
just signed up for Massive Open Online Class (MOOC) on "Online Learning Today...and Tomorrow". see link in previous post
Last night was awesome and I finally got to see you guys in concert and it was worth it!!! Rock on!!!!
that is a good assumption!
There is something in a packed box that is playing The Dreidel Song on repeat and I've no idea where it is.
Polls have only been open a little over an hour and I was number 119. Going to be a high turnout for non Pres, non Gov election.
We were both young when I first saw you~
Microwaving marshmallows on a Saturday night. No really, have you done it before?
the shooting range.
there are 46 in the bag. =)
!! RT : Can't wait to get drinks/network/catch up with tonight! Heading to the event at Science Club.
Google search: ways to break into your own apartment with a pen and earphones
is looking forward to the weekend! Let the party begin!
That's very cool!
Cheers to for being our newest sponsor!
regreting some things i have made :(.
Mhm yuh right....well you know I'm here and me love you so much...u me world lol Muah Muah Muah
thanks for the love Jasmine
Why would you use a franchise tag on Matt Prater? Sign him to a long-term deal
S/O to my man for the follow! Miss havin you around Nutter!
Having the Rampage's #1 goalie called up to Florida today didn't hurt either......lucky break!
This dam blk family came in the store n tried to get me to use my discount cuz im blk like they had sum kinda of secret connection f outta
It's the weekend, time to get bred.
what do you exactly mean by cocky?? Just wondering
Of course! I like things a little harsh
Im hungry
Centennial Family Discounts at Bonnet House. Sat., Aug. 13. 1/2 price for adults and free for children 12 and under.
.no bad aly no food. U had enuf.
Nobody's perfect.
Congrats Alexander Payne and company for Best Screenplay Oscar!
Amy please follow
Good morning, Joan! We're so excited that you will be joining us as a judge on 4/24 for the #cakeshout2012 finals!
Guess I need more single friends...all my girls got married :/
lol just saw you in the crowd! Your girlfriend killed it tonight!
Up early taking care of business
RIP Donna Summer :(
I have lost friends, some by death, others through sheer inability to cross the street.
Aw, wasn't it good?!
Have information to stream in on the web. Contact www.vcube.com Here is some of our work.www.lachamber.com/accesslacityhall
yeah, definitely, just as I wanted to watch/listen to classics of prev. Generation.
These refs are determined to help Lebron.
Fresh Epic Cookies await you now at ! Perfect with a gigantic hemp milk latte...
Stoked for the new album!
At Lithia Toyota... ;)
"The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it." Ralph Waldo Emerson
A scent of rain wafts through the cool Burque air. haha...makes me laugh
Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost.
I don't have a subscription to NYRB, so I can only read the first section online. I'd like to read the rest.
Hoping we get to name a drink "The Peyton Manning" real soon.
your welcome ^_^ RT : Thank YOU for RE=tweeting :)
thank you pumped to be there
just 2.5 weeks left to register for the JPA 5k on Sept. 16 at Grant Park! Register at www.juvenile.org
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS ;P
Nuggets came to play.
Hags still flyin 100 mph. Want a goal so badly right now. So tired.
added to my bucket list: spend an evening on the town with
yes, it's Friidaay Eve....and I am glad.
So Tupac was at Coachella huh? Lol Look that shit up. It was dope as fuck
6. Commit to ur own '20 mile march' - allocated time to it. #ASTD2012 Collins
Man. They'll let ANYBODY in these days. Be sure to say hi if/when in town.
I'm prolly the only person in the world that doesn't give a fuck about "the avengers"
UW's Marques Tuiasosopo is still the only QB in NCAA history to pass for 300 and run for 200. Vs Stanford
Thank you so much!
The thing always happens that you really believe in and the belief in a thing makes it happen. ~Frank Lloyd Wright
wtf hit the $AAPL stock this week? If it keeps going south like this I will have to raise VC funding for my Christmas expenditure!
Dear Ex, Just because I'm being nice to you doesn't mean I want you back. Sincerely, We broke up for a reason.
Your last chance to get #OGS12 passes at the Early Adopter rate is by this Thursday! Make sure you save!
Good job and Congratulations. Enjoy timeoff and get ready for the final year! I am proud of you
What's good, bruh? :) Hey, can I share a private collection w/ non-users? I wanted a cache for clients.
lol! Did u check that out by the way?
words to live by
yay! glad i could help you with your morning caffeine fix. those atticus peeps are awesome.
Today the NRA announced its endorsement of Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch today for the June 5 recall election.
Thanks for the RT ! Enjoy your day in the Keys!
busy keeping the little birds well fed. youz?
I just bought Stairwells and have been listening to it non-stop <3
It's about time somebody gave me props.
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
okay. What time is it at?
Shitty birthday foreal spent the majority of my day tryna see dis chik fa her to tell me go my ass bak whea I cam from word?
Addicted to #Dexter. A few years late.
Animation in GIS - things to learn from data visualization people.
The beginning of week 4! Our first month of being open!
BTW lets not pin the blame on "unleashing the President" on Bush this started a LONG time ago. Read your history.
um, so...can i come visit or what!? :D hello, hawaii!!
and there are some real-life horror stories out there that entirely prove your point: sometimes a bargain isn't really a bargain
work + freelancing + cheer = nothing unexpected, but it is always exciting.
“: Addressing needs, like that. Want to see a DT taken in next pick tho. Kinda thin there. Like Criner too
I am convinced that anything Tom Hanks is associated with is amazing! The guy is like a genius. You rock Hanks! ...Sigma out
Its so cold >.<
Excited for Mission: Impossible 4 - I'm curious to see how Brad Bird handles live action
one time RTed me, I thought I was reeeealy taking on that pesky 1%
Its cool i know all this hard work going pay off
Went to Shin Sen Gumi Yakitori yesterday. They have a mini-empire!
You think? RT : T3: If our data could tweet (data, not documents like #ehr), then the whole notion of #HIE gets flipped
Wow,Idc. Go get help
yea...and how much college bball has he been watcing ? I dont think he has done a game since ours vs unc
Fun & great shoot assisting w/ the Talented #JulietVo! Great Looks & amaaze set in Beverly Hills! xox
Sounds like an excellent plan!
Its a Little To Late To Say Ur Just Srry Now. U Kick Me When I Was Down. But What U Say Just Dont Hurt Me.
So many people in suits and dresses seem to love McDs.
Also can spike please sit down. Sir you aren't the coach
HELLO! THANX for the FOLLOW. Have a great weekend!
It's freezing out there! Warm yourself up with custom printed hooded sweatshirts and long sleeve shirts - INKSCREENS.com - 1-800-724-0577
Nikon confirms woes with D4 and D800, joins Canon in high-end doghouse
- Have a great trip! Post up some videos.
lol will he should know how i feel its ever clear
Try not to look at a picture of Joe Morton and not say "Oh shit, thats Miles Dyson".
Whose too drunk to drive right now? Call the Munchie Express to deliver your food!
Self love, self respect, self worth: There's a reason they all start with "self" - you can't find them in anyone else !
im very sorry austin
thank you so very much for time and info ! :-) have a beautiful day
hahaha and you probably never will :)
i rememba when they came out with chocolate
happy birthday!! :)I love PLL
AIDS Run & Walk is Sept. 29! Sign up for Team PACPI or make a donation here.
[insert Friday Happy Dance here]
this first part of this quote is in Independence Day, if you would like to know from whom please respond.
you can't miss what you never had
Personally, I'm rolling with #St. Johns this year to shock the world. Not sure if they can be considered a sleeper anymore, though.
Lane sees "sustainability" as capturing a vision of "the good" #SustUnbound. Recognition of human agency in ecosystem health is rel new
Howdy #motorama pals! What's happening tonight?
Cupping Ethiopian Tchembe N2 and Kenya Ngunguru this morning. It's a good morning.
One hundred percent of the shots you don't take don't go in. - Wayne Gretzky
yes. The school fiscal year is fall then spring the summer. It resets each fall.
"Noobie doobie," I said to the fish. It was transfixed by the smell of my sweet breath, gulping. I grabbed it, smashed it against the rocks.
Just paid $152 to submit my thesis. That plus all I paid out of pocket = an MA for >$1200. Thanks to US Air Force & Hazlewood benefits!!!
Are you planning on doing the Childs Play tournament after E3?
that no talent assclown
he taught me everything I know!
Nope! None relatively close... Total blower! How about you?
#illpunchyouintheface if you say cant sing!!!!! -anna
Great bike ride, hosted by Specialized, followed by Adam Sandler chilling at the hotel.
We had a single inch here in Missouri. Once. It doesn't feel like Christmas at all!
#2012 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
In one year I will be graduating from college. I know what I want, now is time to put in the work for it
Glad this tornado ish over with
yal gone learn yea.......
Unless you is a tranny! then it's okay.
Thank you for following!
chilling with my bestfriend for the rest of the day..
shout out to you I jus saw you on and I'm registering for the Urock unsigned event
Love #sexandthecity marathons.
It's pretty cold this morning! :-0
oh really
I just got accepted the Engage Academy! I'm #PUMPED !
Best value in town for Holiday Catering www.PatricksCatering.com
Happy Birthday ! Five years old today!
Would that be trouble marketing to women, or trouble with women romantically? ;-)
Thanks John! Boomerang-in the love!
Kinda yeah, but that slip. Wow been getting kinda racy over here. Thanks for the heads up.
I would not get hired on focus.
Thank GOD for another. Make the best of it all!
Haven't been a 76ers fan in 20 years but they are issuing a "where my money" type beat down on Golden State right now
Strange things in Alaska weren't strange things expected. Most American place ever been! and apple pie everywhere!
Sweetpea? Me? Now I'm blushing.
Ray: Tonight's episode of the Simpsons is making fun of us.
Just learned that by hitting the J key, you can page down on a website. Thanks !
how does that make any sense Russia is fucking tundra Canada drives on the QEW and gets maple donuts moose eh..Crosby loses
What will the name Greg Smith come to mean in pop culture? will he be heroic to the 99% and demonized by 1%.What is the lesson?
The private-equity portion included a detailed discussion of distressed-company issues, as is a sign of our recent times.
i love drake to much.
Looking forward to hear what has to say during his presentation.
He just wanted to believe!
..zayn please follow me ...PLEASE !!!
Ikr.! Gosh I Hate Does Kinda Of People.!>:( #StandGRAND Is What I Should Do!(: #TrueGRANDer Right Here
Sorry to eavesdrop but I LOVE Tecate.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Walt Emerson
alex!! Please fallow
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
I was really hopeful that today would be a good day.Then it started sucking. Now I am eating a hoard of chocolate. It's a good day after all
When she was just a girl She expected the world but it flew away from her reach so she ran away in her sleep & dreamed of Para Para Paradise
you're welcome
the chicken walnut sammy at PB is my fav.. YUMMO enjoy your lunch!!
Did you know installing a home lighting control system is one of the easiest GREEN home improvement changes you can make. WOW :)
Facebook just acquired Instagram! Didn't see that coming!
Emergency situation on the cta. Have to take a shuttle bus. I just may be late for my music history class
I completely agree, hyperlinking is inconvenient-I'd prefer preview popup window or perhaps in-text citations with @ symbol
We need to remember that when we digitize items (esp eg, mss) we can't hope to perfectly replicate the item & that should be clear.
Thanks, Pam. I'm honored.
Ok now I have a iPhone and don't know why I did not befor .. I'm chill with baby Cameron watching married with childern
sure thing:)
Un.Be.Lievable.
This music exam I have today = anxiety
How is OPT things?
Im.funny.
Sapience for Success
If your a jb fan twitter and he doesn't follow you, then your obviously new.
from now on, i will begin all of our arguments with a nolawyerz hashtag.
Bring Back Ringer like your life depends on it
Undereye circles store your eye cream in the fridge and sweep it on with the back of a teaspoon the cold metal helps reduce swelling!
and the dentist had to like kinda redo my one filling because it was a little bit washed out. So he just fixed it somehow an ...
Tweet us a photo of your favorite item with hashtag #raidthewarehouse and we will give you $25 off your next purchase!
Good Morning Twitter! We are running an awesome contest for our next show w/ Valencia and Anarbor! go here 4 more www.facebook.com/mtysband
thanks and we should've swept the rays. We blew that late inning lead. Big test for us with Texas in town tom
Stomachache after eating McDonalds, is how you know it's working.
Wherever you are tonight, just know if you hear Mambo #5 I'm in the building.
I'm irritated.
Needs to cancel 6:00 movie showing. caught in traffic.
I've decided that #mezcal is #tequila's ugly step sister.
Come swing around with us tonight, swing dance lessons begin at 8 and are only $7. Open dancing is from 9-close!
#LusoAmericanoNewspaper portuguese spelling mistakes counted so far: 23. Im not even half way through this paper
Bout to go slam on some Roosters for lunch!
Madison Pharmacy Associates is grateful for a fantastic staff of pharmacists, nurses, and analytical chemists.
if you're telling me we're friends, i may lose it! REAL FRIENDS!!!!!
“ “ Chilln wit the kids && mii sis :) ♥”CHI PLEASE ALL U WORRIED BOUT IS _______”
has one of the most diverse, intact collections of late 19th and early 20th century urban architecture. What’s your favorite?
"Woot Off The Wed Nosed Weindeer." Nice.
Lisa Nichols () is inspiring! "You were built to outlast this recession..." "It's Tonka time!" Have 2 b here!
I would if I could):
The sun is so hot
Tell it how it is
Justin Blackmon just said he's going pro. Couldn't be more obvious if he tattooed "NFL Draft" on his forehead and attached lights to it.
Companies are full of BS
Thanks buddy. Alex may not be a FF top pick but he is getting the job done in SF RT good luck!
Congrats to last nights winner, they received $25! We are 30 members strong!
When you finally do reach the age where a woman's personality is what attracts you it won't matter- they stop believing that years earlier.
I'm free Friday & I have to work 9-9 Saturday so after 9 I'm free so what's up love
I meant my boobs in my Victoria's Secret miraculous bra but you too ;)
The caption should be, "We are for freedom of speech as long as its what we tell you to think and say. Or a dirty Lib says it"
Skepticism, like chastity, should not be relinquished too readily.
Finna get some new clothes young huh lady
. and I are going to watch Dude Where's My Car and no one can stop us!
Thanks again to everyone who participated in our 50th episode. It really means a lot!
Ha...I wish too. I went up for the Vancouver Winter Games and it was a BLAST!!
Past wkend's movies: INCEPTION and THE STING (2nd time). Basically the same plot structure, I realized. Am I getting more plotty?
I was interviewing random people. #secretproject for :)
hit me up. lmao and yeah
Who's up for some Oktoberfest-style beers tonight? I'll be doing some blind tasting at the beer co.
well i hope to see! Go Pack Go!
Sushi with the fam
Participating in 's presentation on More Effective Approaches to Sales Communication at
That moment when somebody is being so annoying but you don't want to be mean....God help me!
Not 2 many options wen u comin from the projects
Gonna see and tonight hollaaaa
Hey guys Ik that some ppl are CONFUSED about us it actually 4 members but we don't have a FULL group pictures yet...sorry 😔
Final day of class of the spring semester!
and I bet the vast majority of people said, "why on earth would we want to talk to to people soar away?!"
Putting my new #sales ebook on Barnes and Noble today! Sales Rock Star.
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it's particular that there're vastly more options of being dead, or instead not alive.
Happy Earth Day! Let's keep on promoting eco-hip beauty! <3
#Fairuse cases often defer to the well articulated norms of the community. Which is why we need best practices for fair use.
I'm real sleepy e_o
you and I need to hit up Gallo Blanco for happy hour one of these days! Not even a block from my place :)
is such a cool guy! Buying tons of free tickets for Pacers fans.
I am smoking on exotic my girl ain't got no stomach lol
OH: I'm pretty sure that ~you~ don't pass the Turing test.
whatchu gone do up there at S.A
I usually eat awesome lunches at work, but today I have leftover German food, so today's lunch is e-spätzel-ly good.
A must - try for yogurt enthusiasts.Low-fat yogurt, low-fat granola and including the season's freshest berries @ Friehook Bakery!
no problem !
Somebody should text me right now, because I'm lonely in the corner of this classroom.
#cnndebate Go, Ron, go!
Listening to 'Johnny & June' and damned if this isn't an incredibly romantic song. *swoon*
yeah dude! Fallopian high five!
Hey , are you coming to Code-a-thon? // a 48-hour open source, open data coding marathon for coders and designers, April 13-15
These 3 weeks better go fast. 😞
#IslamTaughtMe to be a better man, and to never take anything for granted.
Yess Im a LEADER but you aint FuCkInG with ME!!! He He (NickiMinaj)
ever get stuck in traffic and notice the nose picker? are you a picker? are you a roller and flicker? an under the seat wiper?
I was on while on Plus the rock opera starring me playing in my head. 3 shows AT THE SAME TIME. Suck it Jon Stewart!
brilliant marketing!! #tigerblood at it's best..!
It's good to know that a celebrity who I respect is showing #solidarity with the #TrayvonMartin #hoodiesup movement.
You're too young to distrust love..
I'm more concerned with how Steven is doing.
Well that just made my night.
PROJECT X LOOKS SICK!
Frontier. From CS to Denver, then St Louis
thin mints are my weakness
So Episode 1 3D isn't playing anywhere around here. I love #starwars but no enough to drive 45minutes just to see it.
the test wasn't hard at all
One of my favorite things about the UVA project is its acronym. How can you go wrong with Project SNAC?
I Touch Down And Cause Hell!
where are you playing?
Did you accidentally eat your phone, ? I find it odd that you're not texting back...
Sam Brittain gets the start in net for today vs. Ferris State.
FF# for Mid-Atlantic Ensemble Theatre Awesomeness
Anybody remember what I wore yesteryear?
Yes ma'am ;) Living the thug life
claymaker you are awsome great year congrats GO PACK GO
Thank you kindly
Need a #virtualoffice - Davinci just added about 15 new locations around the world at amazingly low prices. Great for #startup companies.
Well, at least your memoirs (Tartle & Toska) will have a great title.
It's pretty obvious that when you lie to yourself you lose yourself. Not in a good way though.
Jake Gyllenhaal will make his American stage debut in 's Off-Broadway production of IF THERE IS I HAVEN'T FOUND IT YET.
u so want me in ur life, cut the shit pimpin haha!
Gasol was struggling with Kenneth Faried. Serge Ibaka ain't no damn Kenneth Faried, I'll tell you that much
So is it still cold cause it's still 94
bwahahaha! You are so right....
What's for lunch today? Homestyle beef stew, mashed potatoes, biscuit, banana and milk.
I went to a wedding last weekend & some ppl were actually wearing shorts! Yeah, it's hot, but u don't wear shorts to a wedding!
We the people of the motherfucking United States, in order to form a more fucked up Union...
Glad you enjoyed it. They can be addicting.
you need to follow for hot squirrel action
- also not bipartisan so none of this really counts.
I was trying to get in contact with her friend not her you dumb fuck...
Great weekend to be a #Wisconsin Sports Fan! Congrats #Badgers #Packers and #Brewers on great performances! Fun to watch!
shout out to the service team...killing it everyday
not get his green eggs and beer this morning?
These new songs are so fun!
i drink and eat whatever gets me drunk. but last night we had captian morgan
burning question: did you all capture the horses that took off?!? was worried cause it doesn't look like there was fencing there
if xtina put on any more weight I got a shot at banging that
you should give me the #FREEin3D package so I have something actually entertaining to do when #Alabama and #LSU play again.
Thank you! I'm glad you like it!
Hope to see you there!
my acct will not let me post tweets says error please try again later. Been over a week now. Help thanks
This Republican primary at some points has been more of a circus show and a clown show, says David Plouffe. Too bad it ain't funny.
Im not texting u til u text me
Walk into a restraunt.. me:"it smells like old people in here."
Sex is like air; it's not important unless you aren't getting any
One of our artists, is patiently waiting while The Scientist mixes and dubs their newest album! Give thanks and praise!
In hawaii
You think I get to see any film that isn't animated or featuring puppets?
Happy Birthday to one of the realist kids I've ever met I got you with that AJ on Monday lol
Glenn, has Camargo's signing been announced yet? Can Costly play for the Dynamo tomorrow?
's cover of "Call Me Maybe >
Parts ordered; claims adjusted; rental car scheduled with pick up; impressing all parties with my efficiency despite bureaucracy; Done.
Yay! Officially a Bat
actually, your twitter handles says you're a shark.
Great. Now I feel funny when I have to sit down to do any work.
We are long overdue for a KC restaurant podcast. I recommend for your listening pleasure.
"Banking customer service" - now that's an oxymoron.
just aborted the mission to go walk on the moon or something with anyone know of anything to do in LA tonight?
What's this? A real (non-bot) follower who actually seems interesting (and got followed back)? You deserve special mention,
yeah, i will try this weekend. thanks aaryn :)
What a randomly awesome day.
Took Scott Mack's Pro Tools sessions that we also mixed and created some performance tracks for yesterday, and are mastering those today.
How many sigma nu's does it take to change a flat tire? Six apperently
How's everyone doing today???
Going to see live in NYC on May 4th!! So freaking excited! I can't even wait! :D
Movie prep: roasted almonds in dark chocolate, Turbinado sugar and salt with an Old Waldorf's Last--1 gin, 1 orange Curaçao, 1 cream--up!
They say I talk with so much emphases...O THEY SO SENSITIVE
Just got back from the Galaxy diner with husband and nephew!
Suck it Cardinals
Specialization is for insects.
cool. Drop me ur email address again. I'll send some music over and we can go from there
Practice, Practice, Practice, Practice,
Giants win in a walk-off. Brewers fall to 12-16.
That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well. Abraham Lincoln
Omg I love your profile pic. . . #SWAGGBABY . !! :D
Is it weird to miss the friendship but not the person ?
Yep, get those feeders up for the early birds! We won't see any Hummingbirds probably for another month or so...
I'm sitting here in total shock! it's an old book that came out in 2006. Did you notice a rise in sales after your promotion?
Wow this has really changed since the last time I was on haha.. I like it!
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties. - Doug Larson
Pump arrives today! says one day early!
#edchat most effective PD is driven by need, relevant, implemented, and refined over time. Regardless of self directed or group.
Me and cousins taking pictues and soon we gonna post pictures :)
Well deserved am sure. Will be glad to sleep in a bit tomorrow. Exhausted from this week
I support your whole family 10000% You are almost the only family in the spotlight that hasn't messed up. I'm so proud of Jas (:
- well, what seasons have you seen so far? lol cuz i dont wanna name one u dont know lol.
sounds like a great deal for ! Colorado brewed bottles for $3...then Late Night Happy Hour at 10!
heading over now or in a bit?
Yes. I'm at his house wondering where he is. The text reply "urgent care" scared me. Sorry to confuse.
The 2nd episode of #Awake is on tonight. NBC, 10/9c. Good show.
Very true hahaha!
a proper response is "I love u too"
if lamar wins where do we at next week
"Growing up:" definition: learning to depend on yourself rather than relying on everyone else...
lol. I tweeted after every Garcia start.. Plus every time that Phelps came thru for us in long relief.
Yesterday was our due date...still no baby! The dr is about to come in and tell us if she's ready though! Fingers crossed!
aww, sad. i need to figure out how many more days we have lol
Slowly settling into vacation mode with the wife and a bottle of good Zin. Should hit home when we hit the lake tomorrow.
I am so lost and late. Lord calm my nerves.
I prefer people to call me aubs.
Today is my Birth-Day & It was amazing:) Has the movie had an impact on you? I know it did for me:)
awh thank you :'D I would stalk you Any day (;
Just finished watching SYTYCD season 8 auditions and saw oh god it was amazing! There's lots of talented ppl :D
Great back to back Italian dinners. Trattoria Stella on Colfax Friday and Tuscany Tavern tonight in evergreen.
Woot! How exciting! RT Our vineyard manager Daniel Fey thinks it is approximately two weeks until bud break!
It might only be mental, but I SWEAR that sometimes it works.
Thanks for mentioning us in your daily and for favoriting our tweet :)
We already are. ;-) We all start out as having XX chromosomes (dominant/female). Men drop an x which them becomes xy. Recessive
hates exams...
she is kind of amazing!
welcome ;D
This one's for you.
Congrats on the big win Coogs! 11-0 and 3 more to go!
New post: Magellan Vehicle AN0201SWXXX Power Adapter / FM Antenna
“: We're watching Grease and Lanes having a dance party. Somebody stop her.” I can just totally picture it right now.
whats good wit the T's. Ready to make moves
Never thought I'd say this but you guys need to take a page out of ESPN's playbook and cut the fucking commercials. 1 ev oth pk
I was In it For tha Love & you was in it for tha check !
Going to bed.. Have to wake up early for school tomorrow...
Zellers wanting it to pass but not voting for it.
ProMetic Provides Corporate Update
I hate when its new years and the clock is about to hit twelve and someone farts it ruins the whole night
thank you :-)
Lost Girl Road is a paranormal mystery that takes place in the woods of northwest Montana. Thanks for asking :)
My Words Are Growing Old And All I Need To Do Is Find A New Way To Say I Love You.
Why hasn't anybody opened a water ice stand in LA? How come west-coasters don't know what water ice is?! (pronounced 'wooder ice' in philly)
Thanks for sharing, Jose!
awee me to thanks chad!! :) your so nice!
text me your number!! Xoxo
Harry potter marathon on abc.. hell yeah.
have we become a nation of haters
we're not lol
My Kids will have the greatest childhood ❤❤❤
Gotta love Classic Rock.
“: So proud of #killinit this year” THANKS
I love how the rain did NOT inhibit our girls!
I saw hit 4 HR's in a game at Miller Park. 6 for 6 that day, 6 runs scored and 7 RBI's. Best feat in sports I've seen live!
What's the point in taking mirror pics with an iPhone 4 when you have your own selfie cam?
As a #leader what do u do 4 the greater good? #leadership #altruism #helping Does ur job do it 4 u? What is greater good for u?
Love that musical. One of my fav's.
hahaha thats great. Now go do some more stalking. (;
great to meet you last night beauty! ;)
I would Neva save a chick sorry hoe... I am not the babies father take me on the Maury show
Me too, inherited 11 acres in the middle of my "one year off work" experiment and it has taken much of my writing time
The bruised season is upon us. ugh
we would love to get with you and do a cross promotion. Any chance to speak?
RT : Had a great afternoon filming with FRS Healthy Performance! Stay on the look out for video of the newest FRS......
simply lobbies and pushes for the matchup that makes them the most $$$. They have no credibility wrt BCS manipulation.
RT Alabama has a great offense! The only thing they are missing is a dominate WR like when they had Julio Jones or Forrest Gump.
U got that right ;) Constitution or the rule of law b damned :)
Just crazy, congratulations Kings.
It'll be tough no doubt.If she wants to cry she gets 2.If she wants 2 be angry she gets 2..whatever she wants..
isn't 3 in the morning a little early for insults?
hahahaha no, i wish. One day, but not tonight
#MyWorldMemories ; vip allentown pa concert <3 && stalking your tour bus in philly <\333
Quite well. Twitter won't allow me to express all the blessings! How is life in the Fort?
M ... smoked trout on endive is SO good!
...and by Thursday Next, I meant the series. Just starting The Eyre Affair.
oh really?
that's my favorite part.
pretty sure...could've been old Asian lady cooter too.
check out Jeppa Joe's - newest hotspot for lunch. Fresh local ingredients, global flavors. At Marquette today - 15th & Wells!
Okay, Minnesota #Vikings, we're in this for the long haul. Let's make something of it.
summer reading prizes have arrived as well. it is that time of year where the scent of smencils lingers over my desk.
Dwayne wade and taj have a special relationship. Taj is wades criptonite.
Yep...ISU just fumbled in the RZ
You don’t have to be an education wonk to know that teachers matter. Thanks to all the teachers making a difference!
I appreciate the support of all my followers. I could not get thru the month of April w/o you.
you gotta.
You know the speed of light;so what is the speed of dark ?
RT : who me not me LOL>> You heard me.. Are u okay girl??
Just finished 's hair/make up for an amazing video about the House of Hope charity she speaks for. :)
I always feel that way when people say "you look NICE today!" Like how do I look most of the time? HA
I just heard about this. Have very special memories of him. The world lost an incredibly generous and talented actor. RIP.
In today's market big names can go overseas & still get big $.NBA owners should reconsider whether it's worth losing it all
I'm thinking too much again.
Then he started asking for an ashtray! 6 times he asked! Then this fam walked in sat down and this guy thought Dad was talkin bout his girl>
No! Why? That has to be a joke.
Real fireworks or a metaphor? We have fireworks next weekend. What's going on?
I need to switch editors. Seems my current lady has dropped off the radar.
nap time was pretty good. :)
No prob beautiful
Somerset and Danville. That's my neck o the woods! Yay! Lol
Alright boys, this is what you've worked all season for!
good answer!
We've endorsed our slate of candidates for King County Council, Assessor, & Director of Elections.
sup bro?
#Linsanity is even more real than Tebow mania. He could be what Yao couldn't be for Asian ground breakers in America.
roasted a handful of green bean consecutively two times. all of them failed .. what's problem?? beans coasted with oil oozed from itself
The single largest campaign ever against #HumanTrafficking launches 2013. via
I bearly tweet anymore...
Watching the
#MUSICNEWS Clement Marfo & The Frontline are without a doubt one of the best things to happen this year. Not only do they have huge talen
Support organisation Design Initiative closes due to a lack of funding
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. R. Buckminster Fuller
Beautiful Voice.... (excuse the randomness)
THURSDAY...Rock the Mic 2012 @ Barnes and Noble Cafe, FRIDAY...Dinner and a Movie! Get your tix from a NABJ_INDY eBoard member 2day!
Corey Hart 1 for his last 23. He's so due!!
morning hun :-D
good...girl y I think ima have 2 snap out on Larry, Michelle and Lee
#divaconference Also from blues divas (Smith/Rainey) to gospel divas (Jackson/King) to the Broadway gospel diva.
Oh is #Downton Abbey good? I was thinking about watching it.
You gotta pay the troll toll, to get into that boy's hole.
How about Iowa State's Paul Rhoads
U Rock! Great chat!
Need to start tweeting from this account more often..
Don't be down on what you're not up on. Know the science.
At the risk of sounding naive, what's the deal with #Obamadogrecipes ? And what happened to Fox link?
good luck :D
New favorite acronym: FOAD
it really hurts getting burnt by a cigeratte
Couldn't care less about silly self-generated event that is the NFL draft!
Don't be fooled by "Easy Money" scams...If it was as easy as they say it is, the sure as hell wouldn't be sharing the secret with you!
Being at work super early for a huge meeting and they claimed that they would feed us. Breakfast of champions: chickfila, fruit, and pas ...
We are in Circus Mashimus. I am not there but drop on by! Having fun yet?
just editing stuff that's for my port :)
Totally makes sense. 12hrs for sauce to soak into pasta=good. Overnight time for quick-cooked deliciousness to soak into rice=bad
Seconded - can't wait to see you and Myra IRL in SFO. Are you in AUS for #SXSW? ps, Aviel, miss you - hope all is well!
he seems....interesting...lol
My friends saw yesterday :O I'm completely jelly
To some lawyers, all facts are created equal.
Questions about satellite TV? Ask me! New Mexico Satellite Man has over a decade of experience with the stuff. John - 350-6428
greatest challenge- the pressure to demonstrate the value of social media & the importance of audience engagement quantitatively
last thing mls needs is a huge cavernous stadium for 20,000 fans. Looks pathetic on tv and the atmosphere would suck
three shows in three weeks starting with that's the shortest set, the others are 3-4 hours long
Exciting! RT After 280 pages of contract and seven lawyers, i've officially (just moments ago) become a New York City homeowner!
same here :/
I'd lick your toes with tortitos sauce.
Someone once told me to learn to accept change when batting mac vs pc years ago. Now that applies to almost everything.
Ridin wit the boss
thanks for the follow!
Where there's a will, I want to be in it.
Heading to Grazie for #lunch today! #AllYouCanEat buffet for just 9.95!
Q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A: a stick!
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
You act as if you never knew my name...
Thanks for checking out our Tribal Art Miami show. It was a huge success!
nice! How do you like the app?
got some amazing vintage today
Hotter then at the grocery store? ...Me biting a habanero pepper...on fire...sweating...passed out next to the banana display.
I think the prettiest woman in the world loses ALL desirability when she pulls out a cigarette. ALL!!!
My phone battery perfectly last one day and at the end it still doesnt hit 20% and i use it every second of the day!
Debuting our new TV ad at 6:40 am on FOX 5!
Class before trash
Broken pinkie? Who cares. David Wright homer.
hey miranda you coming 2012 to germany or europa ? ilove you
Well then we agree! Why you gotta be so angry?! ;)
Everyone go wish our guitarist David Diaz a Happy 20th Birthday!
How good can Memphis be when u throw rudy gay back into the mix? Scary
call me
HAPPY OPENING DAY!
Why are there still telephones in hotel bathrooms?
Makes you wonder why he is so secretive, probably hiding illegal behavior, probably bought people off.
If you're getting what I think you're getting, then I'm very jealous.
do it. It's almost 9:30 at night here ;-)
Apparently Jurassic Park doesn't really exist...
Doing the best at this moment puts you In the best place for the next moment.
Amber& Joe
The best songs appear with no practical agenda other than the ineffable high they give you when you sing and hit the chords on your guitar.
Help! Did anyone else here the morn. ed. segment this week, maybe tues, about digital literacy/school libs? Can't find it.
NEW INFO: Reason Osama buried at sea...Answer: Because no country wanted to accept his body for burial according to US official
Talk is cheap! Life happens at the level of events not of words.. Trust movement! Faith without working is not effective! from Rev him self
females that keep callin themselves classy are more likely not to be classy
Last chance to win Kenny Chesney tickets by tweeting with the hashtag #KennyChesneyinPDX - we'll choose a winner today at noon!
I have my sights set on the "Play Ball" kid first. Baby steps. Well, really pre-teen steps, but who's counting.
NEED PROMO? EMAIL BLAST? ON A BUDGET? EMAIL ME @ FOR THE PROMOTIONAL SERVICES
Sean from Driver.ly just crushed the Q&A. #startupriot #today'spreparationdeterminestomorrow'ssuccess
"No one can change a person, but someone can be a person's reason to change. -Spongebob"
Why can't people just get along with each other? K people need to stop calling people like me hurtful and offensive names.
RT Lawrence says idea that #Huguely 's actions were "premeditated, malice, intent to kill" is "just not there"
do u have school tommarrow
I dont care what anyone says.U.S.A. is still number one in economy.
indoors or out?
Need to go tanning but to caught up in this game
A cluster of good roots music: Duotone, Randy Thompson and The Urban Folk Quartet are among those with interesti..
Some talented people in that room!
that is wht I'm sayin, I made tht mistake this holiday season & after mny calls & a visit 2 the store it we cnfrmed
[Campus Bulletin] Dear students, please come back. We're lonely.
Thanks for the follow, bud. Hope all is well!
Congressman Al Green addressing the audience at the NAACP Gala. Another great event this evening.
Someone said "this looks like a show for hipsters". Was that supposed to be an insult? I couldn't think of a better crowd.
I farted so much on last night idk how she doesn't have pink eye
Find me someone who's had a better 21 days than Chris Kreider
them the weak females that get fat after a relationship because they all depressed and lonely and shit
RT : "Vicki Swanky is a Beauty": check out this review of Diane Williams' surreal collection of prose poems and short shorts...
I had a longer response, so let me summorize. You fucking suck.
Definitely there in spirit and need to plan a trip to CLE this summer!
Hmm best songs???? Countdown by beyonce :) you da one, right there :) hehe so many
Greetings to Germany!! :)
: Be sure to follow my favorite #Milwaukee #Nonprofit, too: :-)
I Hate Mondays -___-
I just did an exam and treatment today for a 9 day old baby. So awesome to have them grow up with Chiropractic. :)
Amazing tea and chicken wings at tonight!
LOL! Jules was right! She is an amazing person.
Really? A Three Stooges movie? Set in a convent? With Larry David and Kate Upton as nuns? What knucklehead dreamt this up?
I am speechless.. Animal blood? No worries Cassie I'll make sure to stay on your good side.
Morning Farmers, stop by today & pick up our strain of the day; George Clinton & don't forget 10% off all H20 concentrates today
Looking for a USED 51" automatic die cutter with stripping. Know of one? 888-BRAUSSE.
Really hoping my recent visit to Bodega Bay is unrelated to the murder of crows which has just descended on my neighborhood.
My lips are sealed! Talk to
I watched him here in CO last season & he got Tulo & Helton out-- got 3 straight outs in the 8th
18-25 YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS VOTING EVENT IN DC. LOOKING FOR A VOICE THE YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS EVENT! GET BACK AT US IF POSSIBLE
the main reason i wanted to go to coachella this year was to see at the drive in. don't fret. i'm seeing them tonight. TX FTW
In what you say of another, apply the test of kindness, necessity and truth, and let nothing pass your lips without a 2/3 majority.
you in Madison?!
happy birthday Cody!!! I hope u have a wonderful birthday!!!
hahaha I had to ! It wouldn't let me tweet it ...
The #GoSpursGo just keep winning- I'm sure Pop will not be happy with the points allowed, but he has to be happy w/ the 5-0 rodeo road trip.
Well, a podcast is required to have a certain dong quotient - DvL
Cruising #StateStreet and checking out everybody that have begun the #MifflinStreet party early.
Damn I miss Euclid now.
