It's been fun New Orleans!!!!!
We've had a mild winter so far here in Columbus ... it's going to get bitter cold before you know it. Still time to get a furnace tune up!
- Want more Mark Steyn and what up with The Last Patriot author/sales? Curious to know. A GREAT relevent thriller, people.
RT People will actually care about you when you're dead.
I like the family pic :) and every show was good. lala full court life was good and basketball wives.
Never let stupid things get in the way of your happiness.
drink water backwards
Post Indian food coma...
haha no u just put it on the wart and it goes away! I'm serious haha it works
how'd you know? Ginger made an appearance ;) get ready sxsw!!! cc:
oh my lord... That is so going to happen...
hey Jon how r u tonight?
hah those fish tacos were orgasmic...lmao (x
is coming to Fairfax!! :D :D :D but... I cannot afford tickets :-((((
What are the best #coffices in #SF? I'll be writing from there all week.
NYT article used the "not your average librarian shushing people" to describe Ferriero. Most over-used cliche of all time.
hahaha!! Zimmerman going gangster? That's
did u get an iPad?!
If anyone knows, or is able to find, the original quote, I would be ever grateful
New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks &
Hooray for Tom Corbett for signing into law that beer distributors can be open until 9PM. None of them are near me unfortunately though :(
RT : It would have been cool if he had slipped at least one more "the trump" joke into the speech :)
ahaha oh yes enjoy it :p
Nick likes long hard skinny things
human wall ASAP
I.S.D. Locksmith 619-335-7969 www.isdlocksmith.com 24/7 locally owned & operated 92109 Quality, Fast, and Honest locksmith
I'm alive bitches!
YOU NEED TO PICK ONE... NOT NEITHER OR BOTH
split keyrings50 Years Calendar Key Ring Chain Keyring Silver- split key rings
All # combinations of $5M lotto selected- a winner is out there! Hope he/she finds creative ways to #GIVE back to the community!
just getting it all out now so I'll be the perfect spring formal date on Friday ;)
They make money, a little for some of the towns where they're built and a lot for shareholders and investors.
Heading to Quality Social downtown for the Internet marketing party
i bet is never going to follow me. no matter how many tweets i send him
don't think they do, unfortunately. When you come to Chicago, consider it my treat.
"Nobody ever told you, you shine like a diamond, glitter like gold and you need to know what nobody ever told you" <3 :)
Thank you
u in the trap ?
oh well
We deliver! Area of delivery NW Expressway & Reno to north & south, Santa Fe to Villa east to west. Call 521-9800!
Can't believe it's over - Goodbye Wisteria Lane. Proud to have been a cast member and a fan!
Michael symon? Omg! I am sad to see him go..
I need to get on the bike, but I feel more like napping.
She's a kitten, but thinks she's English royalty ;-) What's new in your world?
Today is my Friday.
Ha ha! We thought we were gonna die on the way to Ciampino last summer. This man was insane!
Hey Nick, do you have Robert Palmer's "Blues & Trouble"? If not, have an xtra copy that I'd love to give you.
I hope you have a safe flight Roy!! Blessed Easter to you :-)
I might look calm, but in my head I've killed you three times.
Goodnight everyone. Wishing everyone has sweet dreams tonight.
What do Residence Renovation, earthquakes and 44 prizes that will rock yourworld have in common? Stay tuned to find out.
when you discover you're digging yourself a hole you can't get out of... quit digging.
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mamma cats out there!
There is a facebook account that says its you talking to me right now. just wanted to know if its really you or not.
Goodluck c: google a way to get it off lol
Guy code is a funny show
College showcase today at Nazareth College...Finger Lakes Coaches Clinic yesterday = a full weekend of basketball
I see you following, then unfollowing, then refollowing again. How've you been? lol.
awesome! Hope to connect with you too!
I'd echo that praise! The Geis family from the Cap Girardeau store are FANTASTIC!
He went to Stadium, who cares...I'm going there Friday for some buffalo wings and bday cake *shrugs*. Not that serious...
Omg its rainninnggg AGAIN. What the frick happened to the austin droubt?!?!
Bob Hope used to say that but he said it was his wife that wouldn't move to a smaller house.
Wallace trade is nice for the future, but I keep hoping there's a secret deal to unload Felton. Or Camby. Or both.
oh shyt is on twitter better block yo ears
Thinking of and his family today. You are missed and loved, Anthony Cornacchia.
Nope. I would love to see real cross country train travel.
Good Morning Lord
I hope all is well with you my good sir
BREAKING: Maryland approves gay marriage bill...
Going Roller Skating In Gym! :D lol
impromptu family session today at Red Rock Canyon!
Beautiful evening for drive to Green Bay for State Convention. Looking forward to rallying around w/ fellow conservatives
Friend told me he had seen a Shopping Cart within #Pinterest. Can't find an app or anything. Anybody know what he might be talking about?
I love words I can type with one hand like "careers" & "regards"
I hate this league because it requires a Constitution and now Supreme Court
JU alums that grew up in the 90s: check out #90sareallthat on teen nick. Brings back memories!
It's actually kind of a nice place now. Just told the new owner your pyromania story
Pretty good,text me,aight?
You're barely there? -_-
RT Sweet mother I no go forget you for the suffer wey you suffer for me.
Watching the face of a child staring at a Christmas Tree is a moment of Wonder and Peace!
BEACH=beast
RT “People need 2 know what they SHOULD pay attention 2, not everything they COULD pay attention 2" (Chris Kaskie)
Not sure what "those types of sites" are, but we have dealt with this situation with all morning.
Drumroll please for Javier Fuentes from , one of our 2012 Addy judges. More on Javier here facebook.com/AAFMiami
text me bestie
Tell me about this level, what's included?
Y.O.L.O is how I'm feeling
watching LOTR Fellowship on blu ray for the first time. Looks amazing. Makes me wish the Hobbit was coming out this year instead of 2013.
Blessed beyond measure.
I was doing so good tho :/ lol but it's somehow still working
fuck u been at
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to seeing your creativity.
Get ahead of the game & consult w/ before the end of the year. Trust us you won’t regret it!
Some people don't seem to understand that the "practice of medicine" is not perfect. They believe it should be fool proof.
All fish in Marlins backstop tank already dead
BINGO RT : #buzzword alert: platform
but why is #Titanic3D in theaters again?
POLL QUESTION: what will you heshers do to ward off evil on this Friday the 13th?
I got a thang for British women I think it's the accent
Meek throws 8 straight balls and I'm not too upset about it.
Gracias! Thank you for the follow. Cheers!
Is RIM going to launch their Colt QNX this year? Their next phones had better be significant or they'll slide off the hill
virginia tried to become part of our everyDAY joke again....
Locked yourself out? Indianapolis Best Way Lock n Key Locksmiths provide an emergency service.
People say its hot outside.Then I think, if people can't take the heat outside, just imagine how hell is going to be. I don't want that heat
RT : #GOD You open all the doors... I will be your faithful servant.
ha he didn know that word till I said it
Follow me and I'll follow u back :)
Oh man, I wish I could talk to someone about this Mad Men episode. I don't want to spoil anything for those who haven't seen it yet.
Shoutout for Shoutout ? and sorry if you are following me and im not following you back! lemme know :)
If you live in Austin, TX and have a car that has bumper damage, dented, scuffed up or chipped, check out www.austinpaintguy.com.
i make myself laugh too hard....
let's do it! Except the hoopin' haha, I don't play and you'll most likely murk me.
I would agree it was a big defeat for firefighters but we didn't run Prop D.
Vikings draft NC State LB, Cal DE in 7th round - Sacramento Bee
I bet #Believe is gonna be an AMAZING album eeeks can't wait!! ;D RT?
"Tesla girls, Tesla girls, writing in their diaries. Now and then they'll watch TV. Now and then they'll speak to me."
OMG! It's getting on my nerves too! It's losing it's swagg' besides lilwaynes on twitter <3
Sad day for Tecmo legend MT : Deion Sanders cited for misdemeanor assault after Monday altercation with his estranged wife
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Austin Mahone, RT if you want to meet Austin.
Damn I don't even be on this G thang nomoe
I've always loved the idea of music as a cottage industry. And it's really possible these days. Gotta love it. :)
Great workshop. But where is the #recycling?
wer you at
These Beds R-HOT Titans Gym Cleveland has 6 beds waiting for YOU. 1st time with us tan for Free 216-574-2875
Start BECC tomorrow n feelin good bout it the thing bout the navy is that u are constantly moving forward. No time to look bacc.
i just realized i missed the oscarsss :(
So Daybreakers was a really swell film. I'm glad I had the chance to watch it. It's suprising more movies aren't like that now-a-days.
Guy:did it hurt? girl: did what hurt? guy:when you fell from heaven.
HEY www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
If you're over the age of 5 you shouldn't be sucking your thumb; if you're in your mid-20s then you've missed the boat of life.
thanks ur tight dude
I love you way to much to just let you go that easily <3
Stop in for a tour today, the sky's are blue :)
Here is your injury update Breen: his career is over dude.
i want love. i miss being in love
haha yeah. She does scream and talk a lot.
wow lol I got it Saturday morning.
this whole time I've been telling you about my man, you didn't tell me about your man, or should I call him your warrior?
Letters = the Zooniverse citizen science journal.
Champagne gone, #LegauxNoLa tag retired.. New trend : #BearcatsOnBourbon ... Again
Bono looks a lot like Corey Feldman on stage with Bruce and Patti Smith
I stand by my "wtf" reaction.
At applebees Thinkin bout skippin out on this bill better step it up
Surround your mistakes with love and forgiveness.
Kenneth & Connie White, Albert & Josephine Gregory. I am Honored I had time with you. And I miss you more than you will ever know!!
Is it time to polish up your look?? Sarah Bella Salon offering $34 Cut and Partial Highlight ($85 Value) at www.yourluckydeals.com
Really looking forward to crushing !
<---Don't take this stuff seriously - this experience is running a gauntlet.
I'm frm the hood of drug sales slabs cocked up choppa shooters where we don't let outsiders violate our block
heard it in Eastern Market too. Big loud booming plane noises not cool.
Alan Jackson Puts Tennessee Lake Home Up for Sale - Great American Country (blog)
Laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can. Elsa Maxwell
So sad!! A family had just moved too Washington and what happens? Someone steals everything in their house. I wish you the best guys !
If you really loved me you'd love my farts.
chicken nuggets and fries in the 80s.. yeah buddy
Oh sorry! I thought you meant have I met anyone. I didnt know you where talking about a band! Haha! I feel so stupid!
I wonder if anyone has ever been slapped in the face by a pickle. That's how I would solve a Tony argument.
someone like you is amazing!!
Lakers...really....damn
did you get signed?!?!
Whats for lunch? I know! Free Fastinos Sandwich! Score a Carne Adovada sandwich totally free when you mention the promo code: CA10
Assorted lozenges. Yum.
so good running into you last night! Tell beau happy birthday from me!
Nice work guys!
Yeah, its gonna be some time in September. I was hoping we could hang if I finally make it to the LA vicinity. lol
The ft nts should be included with any version of the article, if they aren't, check the IMH website
American Idol 2012 Top 5 Performance Recap: Finalists sing 60s and British songs (Video)
this is some of the worst watermelon i've ever eaten
Rooting for you tonight!
#poem Alate means having wings. No help to my writing career. I’m no angel. So for me: better never than alate.
go for it and right after well do stand up comedy together
I'm moving out next month
When your teeth hurt there is nothing better than a big bowl of icecream :)
Happy 1st Mothers Day to me :-)
Interesting read! thanks for posting
Love it! Will be sharing that in class today.
Oxy Mo: Genuine Fake
not totally looking forward to it. Forgot my socks too.
Whats up twitter
#Christie delivering reheated State of the State address. NJ making comeback from depths of 2009 because he cut spending, time for tax cut
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time. - Henry Ford
A Christmas Story!
Life goes on.
havent tweeted in awhile
Pan con Bistec!!! (Checked in at El Rey De Las Fritas)
It's Friday! Time to work : )
Should Terrence Jones enter draft or would he benefit from another yr in college?
Don’t give up just because things seem hard. Keep believing because your closer than you think to become everything you were created to be
Enjoying Mistborn very much. Thanks iyeronic!
Time to live a little!
back from a long hiatus.
How so? I get paid for 29 hours per week. I just worked a 50hr wk, had folks watch my kids, sacrificed sanity just 2 inform.
you were adopted
Make those fun size candy bars even MORE fun by cutting 'em in half and wrapping 'em in scotch tape!
Lets go people! Show the real king of comedy some love.
Knew each other 18 days before they got married!!! The mind boggles.
Most of 'em anyway... I'm currently away from the classroom though. Gotta write that book!
Europe cash coffee: Strong demand for spot contracts
2hours never felt so long im funna die
"Sometimes the only way to heal, is to first hurt deeply." - Sarah D. Henson
I'm only me when I'm with you
My lovely friend Kim would've been 32 yrs old today. Oh how I miss her vibrant energy & laughter. XO Kim!
Just got home guess Iam going to try to go to sleep cause my lil bro game in a few hours
tell me what do you see when you're looking at me the social responsiblity its killing me inside
According to psychology, there is no such thing as a photographic memory. I feel better knowing that they just remember info in patterns.
I need a house wife
Waste of time.... Fuckin liar!
Wearing sandals with a jacket on # go jump off a bridge
Will you be watching the CUBS or the WHITE SOX GAME tonight while eating our CURRY in the comfort of your home?
Mouth piece*
SO glad that #ForksOverKnives is finally coming to southeast VA (6/17)! Heard so many great things; can't wait to see it for myself.
So I got pulled over....He said My Window Tint is to dark.....Really?? I guess he had nothing better to do!
~follows~ ok i'll come
getting off in a sec
U have to wake up to seek the truth everything is not as it seems majority seem asleep while very few are awake follow me
"When kids volunteer it tells others they don't have to be perfect ... or even grown up to make a difference." - Kalynn Dobos, 7...
Want to grow more hair? www.scoresluda.com
Who should I listen to next
I am looking forward to seeing you guys in here.
Men&Women of The 99%.... Help small Business Owners&Unemployed Mothers by Supporting your Online Representative Shop Avon -
One thing I do love about the #Oscars...they always start on time!
wait i really dont wanna leave but actually have to but i really dont want to seriously but my mom wants the cpu so sorry:D
can u drop me off at the airport!? I promise I'll get on!
Home from work & all I feel like doing is hibernating. Thank you, fifty degree weather.
i got a fb,,im soo happy
RT : For those that have given up on the #Brewers after yesterday, remember last years team was 14-20 on May 8th...
Try the Roasted Chicken Sammy : whole wheat, chicken, provolone, roasted red pepper, artichoke, pesto mayo!
Scottsville Farmers Market is open TWO days a week. Thursdays: 3:30 to 7:30 PM and Saturdays: 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM. Always Fresh - The Best!
keep grinding and make the sharks a national power house
I heard u 🐭'd out your fellow tweeterz just to get out!
“: Its new to you; to me, its old” true -2chains voice
#HighBloodPressure Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids Study : Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids
I Wonder if She Misses Me,
Check w from LA...
the interview obviously took place on April 1 - Fool's Day
Chris: Youtube cant play anything
Does this week seem like it's about a month long to anyone else?
Same food/people/ranch. That's what's important.
Ahh so excited #ChasingTheSun #TheWantedEP9Days Needs to come faster!!!!
I'm excited for next season! and I got season tix for dubs!
How ever you celebrate with your valentine, I hope there are lots of smiles involved!
i love my bucket. thank you!
because it's bacon. Pigs are my hero because they eat slop and make bacon. What other animal can do that?!
trying to stay up & watch the rest of this game, but sleep is coming down on me..smh
Let's go Pats!
Maybe NJ Sometime To Meet Them (: YAY! Excited!
thank you for mentioning my book on Twitter. You are an amazing women!
I'm right there with ya ;) QT : All the learner stories really get me, Im such a sap
How do we make data functional? Def a need for user needs assessments and ILS evaluations
This meal equiv line is cray
Thanks for the RT! I haven't received much traffic this week on the ol' blog, all sharing helps. =)
I love Revlon lipsticks &I C U do 2! I use #455 a lot. What #color is in the squared Revlon lipstick case? &pink&Orange 1s?
We some times set our eyes on the finish line, forgetting the past & straining towards the mark of spiritual maturity & fruitfulness~BAMM.
Crazy, wonder what it could be...
We're in the process of moving our office, so there may be slight delays w/ orders & message response 4 a few days. Thanks 4 your patience!
I want one of those relationships where people are like 'damn, they're still together?'
Looking for unique lighting fixtures? Our showrooms have a wide selection on display, so stop in today!
I hope we can fix this problem asap
The Other Guys (2010) Terry: Your farts aren't manly. Allen: Are you serious? Terry: They sound like a baby blowing out birthday candles.
Just listened to. #SAYSOMETHIN 3'times this Morning by the end of the day ima know that song !!!😊😊❤❤
No caffeine was a really bad idea this morning..I'm officially sleep tweeting
5% of sales tonite at 1618 supports PPMD. Have a glass of wine 2nite for a good cause.
my hole birthday party was going on and I stood there crying literaly the hole time bec u would not say happy birthday to me
Travis Barker's leaked photos! I really expected his rock star penis to have tattoos.
2 for 1 EveryThing in full effect until 9
I see. I am made out of gluten though. Lol. I'm glad they figured out what was making you sick.
Some old people are driving vehicles right now and don't even know it
Do you use your RSS reader daily? weekly? ever? I love my Google Reader, but I'm a bit confused and curious.
Hope your Sunday was outstanding. Have a wonderful night.
how was your prom?
Best day of my life
linda las uñas!!..
this is literally the only reason i hang out with you
I need a new job. One that doesn't require hearing 80 gunshots/day. Missing out on normal er'day life.
This all seemed so much easier when I was 5 and dreamed of having a wonderful life. 17 now and my lifes
People remember how u treat them...
Great horn session today with Danny Pelfrey, Dave Becker, jim Kerber and my producer Mark Ross!
I do not like your "new look" too much change!!
I knew those "sexual battery" lawsuits against John Travolta were BULLSHIT. Losers trying to get PAID.
Surprise naps are the best kind.
hell yeah
I love this weekend already :D so happy
oh crap, lol sorry :/
Has NYT ever done a story on ? Would make for a great profile.
Ahh this lady needs to beat her up quick!
How will this year's signing bonuses affect next year's salary cap at #KU?
Can a girl get a cab?
His is We had a lot of fun too!! Thanks again. You guys are welcome over any time. Let's do this more often.
Manage me, I'm a mess.
If I'm your bestfriend, you wouldnt have acted this way. True friends aren't like that.
I kinda feel there should be no difference in a foul call no matter position on the field. If it's a foul, it's a foul.
Miami home opener this Sat @ Cocoa @ 7PM or Sunday Day vs Orl 5PM @ BigTree, S. Day Bch
To be all broken up and delirious.
nice work reporting on the most wanted fugitives!
Are you bringing your backpack tommorow?
Marble Slab site to host AT&T store instead of ice cream
#imagine Harry: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Harry: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
How about a $5 gift card for the closest price by 10:30AM this morning. Yes, you may ask questions.
Everyone tweeted me back & said it was really good.
haha got it
yeah true!:/
Loving the Rush of training Hard
Lit circles r great if not overused. Many Struggling Readers prefer nonfiction but r smothered in fiction daily
I would consider selling my soul to the devil to be done with finals and teleport home
In the studio until Tuesday. Can't wait for you to hear the new tunes!
should i get dropped off
what about the 20 games that will be blacked out?
Ditto. RT : Every year around this time, I'm reminded of the pain of being an atlanta hawks fan. sigh.
At The woman next to me ordered the sushi. That's like going to and ordering the chicken fingers!
Never give up. Go over, go under, go around or through. But never give up.
Someone just told me they think Liam is ugly. Bitch, you cray.
John Wooden, one of my idols!
I wish I didn't have a heart.
What up tweople!
BF made it as far as Vienna. Last leg, Vienna to Kurdistan(Erbil), 2morrow. Don't know if I should worry about his safety there.He says no.
thank you for writing back and make sure to wear sunblock the sun rays are especially strong right now
What's going on buddy? How's 7S treating you these days?
RT : RT Shorter Obama: I'm prepared to give Republicans everything they want...and still they say no
You are a stronger that can face challenges better because you are reinforced by being able to do the things you love.
today was pretty good, driving lesson later tonight, writing a disturbing story for my reading/writing workshop class its great
I'm sleepy as shit
I think I'll take a nap on my desk now.
good to have you home for a couple days. Hope to see you soon. Best of luck
Come out for lunch today in , 11am to 3pm!
and beer! Amtrak up? :)
RT "Colts say they will draft Andrew Luck. in related news, water is wet, and fire is hot." My sentiments exactly.
#Kool, just take care of yourself we'll later ok..
Happy Friday Everyone!
Daydream of things like lexus and beamer's.
Im ready for some more camps!!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great March weekend buddy!
So late everyone.
Are there many free or low-cost treatment centers there? I need recommendations please!
The response from the article has been great! Thanks for all the support!
Cravin' Juanito's. Trip there in a few weeks?
I feel like everytime I discover a song on the internet its always the first song I hear on the radio in my car
Happy Birthday Mrs. Coolness : )
Do it!
Peace of mind..
Thanks for responding. You can send a resume, brief cover letter and 2-3 clips to
Maybe my team will feel my support vibes in the #DMV and start playing #Tarheel basketball. We don't miss free throws!!!
Mee To Good luck with that.
Link out to authority sites reinforcing points in your content, says
what is in it rocks???
WSOD affects us all. Congrats on the launch!
Me too!
No Chance! The Rangers will sweep the rest of the way and win in 6.
RT if you're a girl who can appreciate Jazz Music. Guess what? I love you if you do <3 Lol
": ": #WilWheatonSausageFest really needs to be trending." #bigbangtheory" LOL watching right now!
Today I've watch the Mighty Ducks trilogy, the Wall, and now Team America: World Police…. What a strange selection of movies for one day
Please stop by and visit #ShelterHopePetShop! We showcase shelter animals for adoption at the Janss MarketPlace Mall!
But rock covers of rap shd be judged aesthetically. E.g. the Manic St Preachers' ver of "Umbrella" and Korn's ver of "Word Up" = awesome.
Should be fixed now. Give it a shot and let us know if it's all set or if I need to spend more time on it!
So glad that warm weather is picking up all over again, yesterday's wind was
the more ppl playing with my wii the merrier
Always great to catch up w/ great work of
Well luckily that was Dec 2011 state of the month. I think this month it'll be... any state but Florida. #%$%(^(%*@!!!
haha shut up
I am honored. Thx for the follow. As a bonus, following me reduces the chances of bad weather by 10%.
leprechauns too?
Was that the 21 gun salute behind the hounds?
Perfect night.
pitching now at #SocEntWknd to reduce cost of solar power in WA state. "together let's make WA a greener place"
what did you think
hahaha yeah he fucking did. Mrs. Vick asked her wth she was doing and made her stop! 😝
You look so good in blue.
Lubricating molecules
Fleet Foxes are no joke live.
he's talking to bush?
With all due respect, it is absolutely impossible to trade without losses at all. Something is not quite right with your robot.
is about to skidaddle from work. Question...have u ever had the feeling that things were about to seriously start going your way?
oh thank god thought i missed it.
That is so cool
Nothing is true. Everything is permitted.
Tried to patch leaky crack or floor joint one too many times and it just keeps leaking? Schedule a free inspection here:...
good morning
It's crazy that investors hear about #RIMM ceo/board issues & the #stock price goes up-This is a failing biz, are you gambling on a merger?
Thank you for following us back and for your support!
Danny looks like an anorexic child molester
Lakers vs thunder tonight.
Just witnessed someone rob someone w/ a pistol in broad daylight.!
Sunday football. 8-)
See you guys there! What day are you performing? “: Rehearsing getting ready for SXSW!”
I want some ice cream! 
Thank you!
Plan your own trip to the Caribbean at home with authentic easy recipes.
I'll support catholics being able to withhold funds for abortion/contraception when I can get a refund on all the taxes I've paid into wars.
Really a photoshoot right after i eat
How many flats can I deal with at once? Half of the family bikes currently need attention but I'm stuck at work with a flat tire.
Another beach day ruined by rain...
so i am like the most bored person on earth right now
good and you?
#schoolmemories dancing with at every school dance (:
At some point it becomes nice to just make the decisions and stop worrying about them.
I see your tweets and i want to make sure you are alright. If you need anything let me know. Praying for you and your fam.
"The spirit of revolution, the spirit of insurrection, is a spirit radically opposed to liberty"-Francois Guizot
OMG.... So I just heard a new Hannah Mahoney song... She says "It turns out, you're not Mr. Wonderful"...Trouble in paradise ?
have a great weekend
“: #survivor "It is what it is" - I hate that saying. Not sure why. It's just so passive. "It is what it is..."” AGREED!!!
#FF experts helping others improve
calling all WEDDING photogs, planners, caterers, bloggers, etc. wanna contribute to 944's feb. wedding issue? email me at
Thanks for stoppin by to say hi Sun, next time feel free to make yourself comfortable
Im down with N Y G yea you know me :-)
Thanksgiving is... <fill in the blank>?
#ItsAwkwardWhen you're laughing so hard that no noise comes out, so you just sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
Anyone tailgating with their Toyota at Miller Park?
every single person that I have dealt with today has been utterly incompetent, and I have only been awake for an hour.
In the form you reference I think CS it shouldn't even be named that. Its more like non profit volunteering.
do the mens heath abs diet. You'll definitely achieve that goal
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything
TGIF! Who is ready for the weekend?
I need to follow more Seattle directioners.
Anyone see Terra Nova on discovery last night? Interesting concept.
To love another person is to see the face of God. ~Les Miserables
“ On my this morning:)”
If drops Tell Me More and uses finances as an excuse they will not see a dime from us ever again.
I don't wanna go to school..
album comes out tommorrow #sostoked. I wish they would come tour in florida! :(
Making great progress on the literature review for my prospectus. It feels really good when the ideas flow.
Following you now :)
Everyday is Easter: And we are raised with Him, death is dead, Love has won, Christ has conquered [...] Christ is risen from the dead!
Now that schools done for the semester I'm already bored :/
After a week of vacationing and resting up...SST hits the stages again starting saturday...FINALLY!!!
With the exception of the architecture and few other things New York City is a shit hole in every sense of the word.
#MOH recipient Sal Giunta "I've been out since last June and I still am transitioning."
A Big Fish In A small pond
So that's what it sounds like when all of Miller Park laughs.
do you know Cory Miller
Wow I can't believe that Austin is going to be having a concert somewhere outside of US. Amazing how big that boy has gotten <3
okay well the offer stands for whenever! Once again we apologize, when your ready to come back..would love to have u!
"You play in dirt, you get dirty" - Jimmy McNulty.
check out for updates from #flashbelt 2009! Day 1 Bike ride, massive visuals on buildings, BEER. Can't wait for Day 2 :D
thank you! :)
The early bird gets the worm but also wants to fly into a window to end his misery
stay tuned...
(sits and stares at keys)
I havnt been there in a super long min. We got one in midtown too. You know this. Shit I want to shoot out to Florida.
": family over everythang!!!!!!"
I saw your beautiful wife in her final show of She was stunning. Shame more people won't get to see it.
I really wish people would stop using "heart" as a verb.
When I ROLL UP!!!!
Zakariya Salem Saad: The airplanes used in the barbaric bombing of protesters were MIG 23 which have rockets & heavy machine guns
Good afternoon twitter!!
Bye bye chicago, love the city but its just too cold ..... Going back to my beach house :D Miami
well thanks for the tip tho, i'm already used to weird machinations to get iphone FB app to load pix properly, so what the hey
It's amazing really, how a sequence of people being friendly and helpful can brighten one's attitude. Kudos universe.
I hate how i cant watch one direction video because i am from Toledo, Ohio that just sucks so i cant prove anyhing to my mom.
Blatant mistakes like "culty sack" when referencing a dead-end suburban neighborhood street are so hilarious!
He who sits on the throne said, "Behold, I am making all things new." -Revelation 2:15
good lord you're better than me.. You drove by yourself.??
#thingsisayatayankeesgame: "what happened?"
today my T.A. asked if we were done with the problem on the board so he could "rub it out!"
Trend 1: More research, more data; Trend 2: More interdisciplinary activity; Trend 3: Changes in Scholarly Comm. & Publishing models ...
“: The first sentence in your novel is so important. #querytip” Yes. And I will write it last.
Thanks! :D
Oh, hi there!
Such an interesting idea: placing tech interns with parl as a way of promoting internal expertise .... used in Croatia
I agree. Our challenges at SDUSD are so huge and so seemingly intractable I wish everyone was working with us.
Throwing everything she said to me back in her face. >
Asdfghjkl I'm SO excited for the new season of teen wolf ;D <3 <3
Thanks, looking forward to it. Been seeing them for years, always good to see some hometown guys make an impact.
WHERE DA BUD AT UGH !!! SCARED MONEY DNT MAKE NONE
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/22/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Pain as result of workout making it hard to type column about workout. Where are my wristguards when I need them?
So sore I need bed lol !!
Congrats Patriots now I hope the giants get beat bad I hate the giants
Samee.NEEDS to follow me.
The Awakening Arab Market seeks greater voice in global business. Transforming governments and the workforce in the process.
Hussey = Smooth Operator
dam when??
Darkness my new fragrance will be the best yet of Jake Drew.......!!!
Paul White speaking to us via Skype about the 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
of course! Keep your eyes open for my recap out tomorrow afternoon!
gotta agree w that :) Thank you !
come to my stand up comedy show, i know you like entertainment. lol
you need to do a live broadcast on NFL network with a #ballsoharduniversity background
Feather extension time. $2.00 each.
NEW FRESH DANK IN, GOING FAST: AK-47! Super potent Indica for only $12/G or $30/8th! Enjoy ;)
Looking forward to heading over to #bizexpo to present #sm4sg with and
Fork is in the cheese
Wait.. didn't I see that in a Portlandia episode?!
Trying to decide what make of all this right now...
O M G this weather is ridiculous
ow! sorry, tx! at least you still have cows. AND you were in the WS. lots of teams would love to try that on. congrats, stl.
Tonight J.Kap hits the stage at Graveyard Tavern in the basement along side the RiTE Family circus! Show starts at 10pm. Be there!
We takin dum ass jump shots
I get what ur saying
follow me sweety
The New Mexico Small Business Development Center offers sub-contracting seminar 9 am-12 March 6 at Clovis-Curry County Chamber of Commerce
Hey now!
MY MESSAGES NEVER GO THROUGH FROM MY PHONE SO I CANT VOTE -_____--
oh right. see, i am lottery dumb. should've paid more attention in stat.
If you are a teacher, take your own advice. it's amazing! #AlwaysKeepLearning! #MakingMoves!
#IfIwasPresident would be in my pants. and everybody would be tan.
Yeah, and what about prairie dogs? Sure they're vermin crawling with disease, but they're cute!
RT : Anywho.. On another note, I love all y'all..--- lol stories about fb status with u
Heck yeah I will! Just tell me when you guys are heading out on tour! Did Matt tell you that we're moving to LA? :O
We know not where our dreams will take us, but we can probably see quite clearly where we'll go without them
How can talkin to one person bring your whole world down? Geesh, I'm glad I left you alone.
so what happened to kramer? poof-he's gone, ? and the law suits?
and yes, we know we tweeted TGIF on Friday. We're not proud of it.
I'm happy cuz I can almost scream victory;)
Discuss FREE College credit for HS students TONIGHT at 6:30pm in the Jefferson HS cafeteria w/SEI and
Yip. RT : Boom RT : I believe, Jermichael, "the quarterback"'s name is Aaron. Might want to use that.
It is like a sauna at the reference desk right now.
Can't wait to see u there either Thomas!!! ^.^
Good meet up w/editor & visual effects artist; looks like editor's cut 2b completed ahead of sched w/in nxt 10-days! Post movin at good pace
Hurricane Irene get anyone? in new Hampshire our power went out. It just came back on :) -izzy
a family who lives in TN needs your help desperately. Their gay son died and the school knew about his plans. Who will take action?
The "Day Man" song from #ItsAlwaysSunny might legitimately be one of my favorite songs ever.
alive and kicking, and looking dapper, too
We need to do our thing together soon buddie.
thanks for following! mercury in summer is awesome! :D have a great day, itd be awesome if you also checked out ! <3
i never use my Twitter.. Gotta Tweet more! Follow me
3 days until a mini vacation. Hope they go fast.
Thanks! School is great - nearly done, actually! How is your work? Still in MI?
Looking forward to todays shoots and Spokane Chiefs game!
Ha ha ha! I thought as much! Have a great Friday night!
That was actually me...RT : Got to high five one of 'em. Made my hand sparkle. Ew.
Tell her says hi and how will Terrible Beauty survive with her out of town?
Had my wisdom teeth removed this morning. Went well- if anyone needs me this weekend, I will be on my couch. (trying not to shop online)
Pets Rocking in Manhattan - All Pet News (blog)
"A true conservationist is a man who knows that the world is not given by his fathers, but borrowed from his children." - John James Audubon
Had to search Twitter to find prep score because Channel3000 is not iPhone viewable. Pretty pathetic.
Chest workout followed by cardio. then home for a Yummy protein shake and some oatmeal!!!
I should have been a copyeditor. There has been an increase in "Ms. Pryde, would you read my paper" queries this week. More than usual.
no plan b for that...
you won't be able to move by friday. haha
We're playing at Backstage Lounge 1315 S Main St Gainesville, FL on Saturday April 2. Show starts at 9pm. Tickets $8
GOD is always looking to promote you.
i work here lol
What's good to make for a potluck?
kinda sad we use the term suicide with a 18/19 year old
when I say no it means no.
I'm looking for examples of patient-centered blogs run by locally-oriented health care organizations. Any ideas?
I'll ask you the same thing when I get my 2 seater ride at Indy!
you know you give absolutely 0 fucks when you do a photoshoot ina kilt with a straight ass face the whole time
OH. But yes, actually all of the things would be inadvisable, so you're quite right.
God Bless him for his service.
Keep free from the love of money and be content with what you have, because God has said,"Never will I leave you;never will I forsake you."
Starting this week with Steely Dan's "Kid Charlemagne"
KOTCHMAN WITH A TOWERING DRIVE TO DEEP RIGHT FIELD, AND OUT OF HERE! 4-1 TRIBE! LETS GO!
"When you face your fear, most of the time you will discover that it was not really such a big threat after all."
go jog around the block :)
As in food brought from multiple restaurants? RT : we should have a food related Tweetup
i knew you'd like it!<3
It almost seems like the Blazers couldn't handle not having the "everyone's injured" excuse to fall back on this season.
Is heartbroken and emo
Indie film lovers check out
I sure do! Actually I don't know what his hair looks like because he was wearing a hipster hat.
MARC 517 just struck a person and is stopped on tracks.
..it hurts that bad!!
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The #sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
Wondering about writing coaches & webinars. If they could make more $$$ writing books or movies or limmericks, wouldn't they be doing that?
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Booty Daddy Mikey Stix
Yup, I agree - but most companies don't, and that's a shame.
Maybe the Mayans just ran out of space when they made their calendar.
OH (at the office) "Gretchen kind of looks like she's 10."
its even harder to picture that you're not here next to me
Goodnight everyone. Remember #GNF!
Everett Animal Shelter looking 4 canned pet food donations Kirkland, Science Diet, Aims & Nature's Recipe Rbest
#Feng Shui Tip: Receiving is just as important as giving! Keep the flow!
PickUpLine: Hey baby, I'll screw you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Females love It when you surprise them .
#Venezuelans & people all over #LatinAmerica have no rights because of evil tyrants like Hugo &
that, and I had a run in with a fortune teller that made me wholeheartedly believe that smthing will happen to me when I hit 42.
can't wait to see you on Thursday @ SXSW I wanna take a pic with you....
knock knock?
It's definitely possible that BOS is on decline & CLE is a bat away but i'd like to see how CLE wud do in AL East.
nicely done! see you didn't need my help at all! ;)
VERY under-prepared. I am keeping in mind that courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
youre tall. :o and you play basketball haha thats great.(:
My cmte worked hard--and it showed! SO PROUD!
Jim, you can also use "all y'all"!
If you don't quit, and don't cheat, and don't run home when trouble arrives, you can only win. -Shelley Long
I wish would update their box app. Damn this thing sucks.
Man be saying the realist shit
Amazing day. Looking forward 2 conference tomorrow. So much good info as a support group leader and as a mom!
yea, that was a freak accident.
we just walked out lol
#BBN show some love! Hopefully we can add him to the class.
My favorite European team is actually in Russia. Big ups to Samuel Eto'o for putting Anzhi in championship group.
S/O to for being my bro lately
Great Q from : What does a good visitor experience look like on web/social/on-site? Do we know?
Indeed, thanks to the and everyone else
I want to wish a very happy bday to the one and only I love him so much!! <3
assistant coach Buck Williams not extended. Contract expires end of june.
I BLAST atilla in the parking lot waiting for my mom. People are freaking out loolololol
I'm flattered to be in such good company. And that guy is cool
Would you say that your online identity as "Scandy" toed the line of porn? So many men seemed so quick 2 consume you.
Anyone that gets a fever from a pussy really shouldn't be blasting his suck hole about anything presidential...let alone assassination.
Life before electronic communication.
nothing much just staying out of the snow and ice lol
Welcoming our newest members Joan and KFaehling
Sean Hiller needs to stop telling girls he likes that they're not pretty.
Good morning #thankgod for another one
Huntsman: Believes everything should be up for budget cuts, including Dept. of Defense
but thanks :)
Want a tattoo today? John has appointment time from 4-8pm and Gustavo has time from 5-9pm! Come on down or give us a call !
Alright, I rarely do this, but I just walked past a group whose fashion and attitudes merit the reaction: Man, fuckin' hipsters.
“: major workout day !! training with , cardio then pilates ?!? #getit”. Can't wait!
it says i'm following you
GOD is SO good!
Talent Agent Needed...
We all Know Selena goes everywhere with Justin lol it's not obvious
oh I could go on d man. Paisley is amazing. He is like a version of Kirk Hammett and Stevie ray Vaughn. Has rhythm and speed
hit me up
consider the chip bags emptied
so you're a laker fan too
RT : He's Phony, She's Fake!
well im at home rite now lol i go to L'Anse Creuse high
The best tweets are always 4 characters too long...I can cut 3 characters by adding grammatical errors, but 4
Gah damn, just saw project x... Makes me wanna go to a party.
Mica favors some TE activities but "time 2 get away from mandates" Rahall "tired of this program being used as whipping boy"
Grey's yes. But it seems that after LOST, killing popular characters became vogue. Oh I miss the time of red shirts.
My mom loves flowers.
trudging through the mountain of work that's been piling up since last week
New laptop.
Just read that Facebook is going to start launching Timeline for fan pages this month! What do you think?
You lookin to build some muscle man? Tmw voice
Same with me. Lol just laying here -_-
okay, maybe i'll make a secret new twitter name RestlessLegSyndrome? for the night
What's the goddamned aural difference between "ha-ha" and "ha-hah" in Stoppard's #Arcadia?
Will do!
Look for the announcement of Celeste Kellogg's official Fan Club being announced early 2011...
I wanna visit!
I'm talking about infrastructure in general - ex: fiber installed when w new streets in a major project. I agree access not univ.
I hope I get my computer back from the tech who is fixing it (my cousin, lol). I sure miss twittering more often!
#BlueRock welcomes the #RedCross and their production company to our great #soundstage!
use the entrance on S. Frederick. No crowd.
Plane ticket = $300, snacks at airport = $10, having amazing kids get really excited to see me and give me hugs = priceless!
I'd think closer to 10. 5 seems like a steal. Kind of? with his temper, though..
m not so bad (=
Really excited to hear the work puts into the studio this week.
I hate being at home all day!
ROB YOUR SONG IS THE SHXT!
": Michael Eric Dyson teaches a class at Georgetown about Jay-Z." Now that's cool.
Hahaha whatever your heart desires(:
Many intriguing panels @ #NCPH2012, particularly: Whose Civil RIghts Stories on the Web + State of the field: The Long Civil Rights Movement
Lost my school id. Crap.
Who do people in the love the most in BTR? Mine would of course be the only one! KENDALL
Next Gladiators Cage Fighting show in Milwaukee is Sat, May 16th inside the Milwaukee Harley-Davidson dealership on Hwy 100 & Silver Spring
Hey #HCG 'Losers'! How was your #weightloss this weekend?
Earning money feels good but giving it away to my family for the bills feels even better
Is it weird that when I walk into a bank I think of ways to robb it.. And strategize a plan step by step?
Yes, thats right, I am a heartless bitch.
did you get a hard case for the akai apc40? I need to get one
Hello, my friend. Yes, it is!
hahaha right . ! (: well G2G Loser Bye * Gasp a dinosaur "\('o')/"
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Mary j got off in that commercial.
Keep the faith. You'll come back stronger.
I HATE having allergies.
change your mind yet sign me interscope records payola 2012
Advocate through FB - create a group page (ie Save SC libraries)
RT : I hope Crucifictorious is on the Battleship soundtrack.
- #nice That's when SNL was good.
huh?? is there a different R.Kelly? lol RT : I wanna do a song with R Kelly.
Got passes from hispanic website. Mgmt says definitely here.
lol I do you bold with that name but what's up
I think, should Redman do well, there's a good chance they cut Mendenhall loose.
The boat sank. We know.
today we're going to see Annie with our friends!
"In all things be a master of what you do and say and think. Be free."
yes at an Arbys in Manhattan. Where your $8 roast beef becomes a $38 sandwich.
"Jenna Marbles! Gettin' people pregnant!"
Submission deadline for SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 13 is Friday, August 13, 2010. Send queries to wptATeightstonepressDOTcom!
nice. Good looking
If he had pitched a fit on the bench or after game, it'd be different. He was just answering questions. No harm, no foul.
Don't let the snow stop you from visiting Hundred Acres Manor Haunted House!! Only two nights left!
I hope those include fewer than 1 million bots :)
Little Weapons is on Text! We love it and it's been a fun and efficient way to text each other and get business done!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you randomly get horny while driving the car =/
I think you're referencing the truck from World of Jenks. It was a Jeep Commander :-)
Good luck finding the fuck that I should give about you.
: Hit me up the day of... would love to see you Friday too!
That girl was so hot dude 😳
So just saw THE HELP- loved it but realized that I'm totally over paying my maid.
April 14th, Guthrie Oklahoma, lazy E arena! Help us raise awareness and put a stop to childhood obesity. RT if want to make a difference.
I'm sensing a 98 yard TD coming up...
All I want to do is High Fashion #Modeling, get some free designer labels wear my own #jewelryline and get some celeb jewelry clients...
I'm going to take Barbara Walters advice to ElizabethHasselback to heart: "The show must go on."
My mom came home with a 1D magazine and chocolate for me... I love you So much :')
No! Thanks for pointing it out to me.
still workin out the kinks, I reckon...
Awesome, thanks -- we'll check 'em out. Got any more old 4-H friends up your sleeve?
yo it be Jose..
if the power went out I couldn't see the TV anyway... lol. If internet goes out... I'll tether my phone :-)
Blah.....fuck this I just wanna have fun.. ._.
Could not wake up this morning. So tired.
Went to a new barber today. They did that thing where they wrapped my face in a hot towel. Kinda freaked me out.
SIT THE FUCK DOWN WOULD YA PLEASE...
No matter how love sick a woman is, she shouldn't take the first pill that comes along.~ Joyce Brothers
God, if I can’t have what I want, let me want what I have.
Going to see cabin in the woods. Scan of the theatre doesn't show whedonheads.
Who let the dogs out?
I tried to reply to you privately - but it is not working. I promise that I do not have any anger in my heart. We want peace but.
If you're in L.A. and tryna get tatt'd tomorrow hmu! Special Deals tomorrow!
And u knows funny? He will get this message. He will just keep sending money like that's going to be alright. Fuck money.
I am drenched from the rain. My good deed of the week is finished, so I'm back... at work. It's an exciting life I lead.
Still thinking about 'Time Stands Still' -- heart-wrenching, provocative & brilliantly performed. Go see it!
28 minute flight to Grand Rapids, MI.
I can't believe all the similarities were there. I was there for gm 5 in 2007, one of the best moments of my life
UPDATE: Livingston Co. sheriff deputies confirm 1 dead, 3 injured in Livonia crash.
Sunday Funday @ Sache!!!!!!! Walk in wearing your shades (even if you're not hung over:) and get an extra 10% off of everything!!!
Amazing rehearsal last night with new singer Whitney Coleman. Crawfish Boil all day #cinqodemayo 18th & Church
Sender and receiver mutually evolve a code that enables communication, but that negotiation only has bits to work with
The Oracle/Hurd memo from Big Larry to employees: Dear Colleagues, bla bla, leadership, bla bla, culture... integrity, bla bla, stock price!
Who are your Ru-ting for?
Welcome back, #Drexel students! Hoping you had a restful break and that 2012 is off to a great start!
Long Tail Keywords - People are searching for a specific item, variations are endless.
Is there a better nut than an almond ?
i hate you :hmm:
the lip thing I hate
"Superstar! xo!"
Watching skins Season 3 and 4 - yes! :)
Oh yeah, why would the Steelers even entertain a trade for Rothlisberger, for a top-10 pick? Thats stupid
If you don't apologize by tomorrow we are no longer friends
“: #lovetherunyourwith5k, unimpressed w event pageantry and race gifts $40 got me” did u at least get a shirt??
I truly hope the #Colts take Upshaw so the #Ravens can't. Red Flags Reg Flags...
lmfaoo hell yea
My mom just bought tickets to see Wiz Khalifa. For herself. Mom.........
whoop sick buddiess
Anybody have any dealings with WebCore?
Listening to YellaWolf
Brutal turnover
Up here @ 254 ink across from west end mall ...we getting it N ...20% off tats
Can we just dump Simone in the ocean like we did the tea and break away from his nonsense
I was gonna DM you a number but you aren't following me
#NABJ The end of Unity Journalists of Color is more than unfortunate. It represents a disturbing trend in U S newsrooms. They're lost!
I often say, just because I don't say doesn't mean I don't know. I should say, the less I say the Less I care.
Booked a part in the award winning web series "the adventures of super7even"!
God bless you Today is also the anniversary of my grandfather's passing. May (y)our day be
For the Love of music
yes, it's not fun what's up?
~ Throwing XOXO your way sweetness. Thamls for the ReTweetable Mentions! So delicious.. ha
were all taught to do it with the slip of one hand.
There has to be some kind of study that looks at why humans enjoy farm simulation games so much, even in 2012. (I want Harvest Moon, plz.)
oh man, great idea I'm about to turn it on! The perfect jams to get you through a tough day! PS. we have a lot to catch up on!
Haters gotta hate
It's what u make of it not what u think of ot
so who is going to take the risk and draft megatron in fantasy this year??
Im fuccin' ready for #DIRTYIIIRDS again this saturday. This nigga 'guarantees' turnt up parties! period.
. Thanks for loving my dad's poem. I will eventually publish the rest of them. Some are deeply moving! Good luck with your book.
Hello if your costumers need airport transportation send them my way I will return the favor with my costumers
Do not have, can I find them online? <3
Bright side? Now we'll have a quick and easy shortcut to making Moscow Mules without having to leave campus.
not cos of the sun., cos people are watching me
When you're cleaning you come across stuff and wonder "Why did I hang on to this?!"
#NP Called Out In The Dark - Snow Patrol
Thanks Starbucks for making a good frapp today... We won't talk about the last 100.
I've been listening to Sleeping With Sirens, Pierce The Veil & Circa Survive all day.
Rheumy has me starting on Humira along with my Plaquenil starting next week. I'm a bit uneasy about it, but I hope it gives me some relief.
gives me an excuse to break out the Counsell shirt!!
Wow! That Rizzo is awesome. The Padres should call him up because those Tucson numbers will certainly translate well at Petco!
Stay positive, everything works out.
G4rrrrrrrrrrrrr twitter... let my tweet go thru!
About to play you another cut from new album called #MakeBelieve on Cant wait to dig in to this-
wait my brother just put on a random episode of Seinfeld and its the underground shower head episode...
Special talent? Supporting a cause?want to be on radio? Tell us about it for a chance to be on Saturday's Variety Show. !!!
Reminded today what a privilege it is to treat children. nearly overwhelmed by how awesome & precious they are.
cuter than ;)
ughh my friend does that all the time!
"...You may dig winter time but, Spring is my Joy! (Joy Spring)
On my way to Vegas, might go see :)
Dreading my trip to the DMV tomorrow morning. :(
Jus got 2 harlem. Feeling better already. (:
plzzzzzzz follow me it my new years wish
A few of our favorite local DJs are spinning vinyl tomorrow at Come dance for No Richmond! Sat. 10:30pm.
What do you think about our new cover photo and profile picture?
'I'm just a regular 16 year old kid. I make good grilled cheese and I like girls' -Justin Bieber. ;)
You cheated on me with choreography
I am so glad I will see both of you in one week! It has been way too long.
#EBUS118 I am trying, but am finding myself super boring.
I can do that but I cant do that?
Biggest Fantasy Baseball Stars of the Week: Fan’s Take
i'm a Ferrer fan in the Austalian Open. it's endurance and heart against Murray's natural talents
Hey nephew I lost my name and password how do I get it back
"The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance."~Galatians 5:22-23
almost had this game! Them boys played their <3 out
That may be the true. I think Ajax is less of an injury risk too. 20th rd pick, I don't think you can fuck up too badly.
": Glad the "home race" is in the books, recommencing training sequence and wagon riding." Fit and x rated.
well that's good he seems polite. :)
Today is Wm Shakespeare's birthday! #448. Would he have a publishing contract in today's world, self-publish or write Broadway to film?
"Your work is to dicover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it ."
RT PPC Aruba & WPT Boot Camp Battle less than 2 months away! See you in Aruba !
Edmonds family beat Plymouth rock pilgrims to America by 1 year #'merica
Good Morning Everyone :)
My shiny teeth and me
I think that makes the GOP presidential field NFL Europe. RT Lawrence O'Donnell compares #sotu to an all star game. Which is apt.
Reading a good book by , called Twitter Power. Very helpful.
i burnt myself..
If you're a woman #entrepreneur (or staunch supporter of one) and want to share ideas with a brilliant, like-minded group of women, I invit…
I think half of LA was scared of that crazy wind lastnight... 6:30am now and still kinda windy :-/
So, its official! The girl group is coming soon ! Sassy Swagg 3 ayee, ! Y'all ready??
: About to watch Game 5 of the series! Lets close it up & move on to the Heat!
I may just log into my daughter's console. I'm at work so I can't do it immediately.
Kate upton doin the cat daddy is easily top 5 sexiest things ive ever seen hands down no doubt about it 
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Go Elena! Rock the world & keep making this planet a #SafeWorld4Women!
#youwerecooluntil you started wearing skinny jeans and leotards
Whisker Wars, pizza, & needlecraft with Yes on all 3 counts.
linnnnnnnds big hug girl! hope SF rocks!! my gf and I broke up in the fall but her friends are all still very cool!! ;) haha!
thanks for getting us to 800 folks! shooting for 1000 now!
finally!! its my Birthday, about to have a BLLLASSSSTTT tonight!!
don't know where I'm going but glad you're following.
I am a husband, father & entrepreneur who has become more and more interested in online marketing, blogging & social media
welcome!! I like LOVE it! And other #Imagines u did!
So the old lady behind me in the flight to Austin threw her nasty used tissue on my shoulder then it processed to roll into my lap!
wanna cum out
Like analyzing a fugue, sonata, or motet has never caused anybody any pain. :) They're harmless little numbers.
right back at you! Should be a great chat!
RT Great cause! Thank you for supporting so many great local orgs. >> Amen to that . And, Thanks!!
RT : I want to rephrase, the police said 'the people do not have the right to assemble.'
SAVE THE DATE: September 10, 2011, Yards Park, 4-10pm - BEER & BBQ - TICKETS COMING SOON!
Philip Seymour Hoffman :) RT Spill it! Who? RT Oscar winners do ride the subway.
At the HEAT GAME with my brother (Jason Garte) thanks papa!
To the one person that reads my tweets..goodnight
Hahaha now the real question is how many of those thousand are spam bots...
Ship building company in Singapore is looking for a General Manager with good neg skill for tender preparation, project coor. send CV to me
RT Remember to stop, look and listen today. God wants to encourage your heart.
Wonderful! It's so important to support our local farmers and community. Thank you for the reminder!
Dear security guard, just because I'm a teenager doesn't mean I'm up to no good. So please stop walking by and staring at me.
a nice little evening for some footy
Turns out I actually underestimated the value of Empire Strikes Back for explaining some of Nietzsche's concepts in the Genealogy...
MA has now replaced Rhode Island as the most Catholic state in the country
oh man, my hearts been particularly ugly lately and yet the gifts don't stop coming. Spoiled child.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. - Confucius
There are 2, upstream & downstream, on exhaust pipe. Call if you can't figure it out 242-9778
burns are the worst
Personally it was wonderful. Politically it was a bit rough. :-)
26 August 2010 is Women's Equality Day: how will you observe it? www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
I can't deal wit my moms and her friends lol
is WM going to be able to file an appeal of sorts in the near future?
First, dieting mice are almost always MORE ACTIVE than non-dieting mice
Wonderful! I'll be going back for a Ph.D. in Modern Literature and Culture!
got an email from twitter "twitter misses you"...what the?!
Jus followed everyone bck that has followed me this week... Love, so s/o to you all
Lolol what is homework? Not gonna do any of it, whatevaaaaaaa
Yeah ...... But I only live 5 hours away from him so ...... I hope I get to meet him before he gets to famous!
I Wanna see My Brother Benji tho(:
I know, right? I'm thinking a sequel?
so i have like no ride to school in the AM!
a great point.
Women dress alike all over the world they dress to be annoying to other women..
Onwards and upwards!
your friends are the best!!
The Pirates were really rolling along there at the start of the season. What happened? I hope they can turn things around.
no idea what you and are talking about. I haven't tweeted in over a month
Nordstrom just wrote to inform me that w/out this bamboo clutch and and maxi dress THERE WON'T BE ANY SUMMER.
This nigga on tv ttu he really trying to sale these coins!!
Testing a Google+ to (Facebook AND Twitter) cross-post. Using brackets because I'm a librarian.
lovely. Yes, let's skype around 8/9ish tonight because you know... my fav. show comes on at 10 (; looves you. XoXo
Y should he ? His loyalties r 2 his benefactors,not 2 his country. Re: #Haqqani says that he is not prepared to give #BB data...
ALways looking for the next gadget PCTEL Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend BLOOMINGDALE, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--PCTEL, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCT
What's the latest on UTC reno time line? MT Do you know of when parts of UTC remod's will be completed?
red skull
i did and man wow he is a beast well i forgot that fast if its a man or lady well oh well ur awesome
Skeeter had already mauled a stuffed duck toy.
Sexually frustrated
Call into work or not
That awkward moment when walks into your house...
thanks for the info. i haven't been in the den stuff yet this year either and this is a good nudge for me. luv the rock star list
watching on w/coverage of #Tornado & #VincentTang. Incredible what they went through, our hearts go out to everyone!
Females want a nigga wit a job but if I sell drugs ill still get her huh
$10 RAW DEAL, plus new summer cocktails to push these clouds away
The fact that I am in Maine makes this rumor seem more legitimate - Nor'easter on Christmas day. Hmm...
In the lounge at the Showbox sodo, they stopped taking food orders. Too many at once. I think that's a record for them!
alright. i believe you.
It's great that I'm a plus in ur life but if u're always a minus how can we ever get ahead?
sorry...I think my A game is already in Florida for the week.
Effective networking tip 51: Forge and strengthen key business alliances, including your referral network, with your business networking
the irish chieftains
no I didnt call u a bitch so what are u saying
Tired-.- off to bed
Yes, and a smile on the face of a non-threatening black man in said video :D
Enjoy the exhibits! If you're looking for art, you've come to the right place. :)
yes! The girls are always wearing stuff straight out of Styles.
Family jog? Possibly the easiest way to learn how outta shape you are!
RT : "You can either accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them." Denis Waitley
Headache from hell
Hello hunters :)))
a threat to herself and her children, she would have Eric locked away at the very least. Too strong. Eric if he is pushed would have harmed
s favorite horse" I'll have another" just won the derby
No. It should have been higher to begin with. $100. There is no "choice" between speeding & driving responsibly.
Awe thanks (:
Hey Chris! I saw 's Community Manager job listing & came right to Twitter. Is there a better contact to reach you?
If she actually wants to watch the NBA Playoffs
going to be a late night, pushing through to release an update to Weather Genie
ive replied have you not gotten them?
All programs are different to fit their libraries :) I sent you some links via email about our programs.
Seems you're the expert! Impressed :) RT : haha Im always willing to help and give suggestions!
gahh interview tomorrow :o
We had a great conversation with from today about building a user base. Recommend any entrepreneurs check out his blog.
What kind of person who works at the Art Institute do you need?
Info Regarding Running Attire for Women
why didn't you invite me?? Hahah
today i will now find cody new shoes !!:D
Happy Monday everybody. Wanna read about my weird dream? It's not weird in a strange way b/c it could really happen.
I just lost 2 followers..
(Whiny voice) I'm tired...I'm tired. I'm hot...I'm hungry...gimme tacos, now...pollo!
seems like you have a great life
Study hall((:
"Mr. Crick, you got my weave wet!"
very impressive!
I had Comfy Cow for the first time this evening, it was heavenly.
Knots do need a little def.help. I will also go out on a limb and say Pierce will need to score at least 9 to win
Holiday worthy: Gilt Taste. Ruth Reichl's roasted chicken, spiced kale, dried chili pepper flakes, Parmesan with anchovies,onions, garlic.
Actors should license out full 3D body scans so we can enjoy new movies from when they were in their prime.
does not approve...
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F FOG/MIST: 61F FOG/MIST
The Ravine is ok, but should have found a better place to woo voters with
jesus, what is wrong with this world? i guess i'm going to have to run for president. ONE DAY gay marriage will be legal everywhere.
when and where is the fantasy football draft party going to be?
Another shoot rocked!
We are featuring $3 Loopy Bombs and $5 Lemon Drop Martinis, get yours tonight!
Ay if y'all wanna come down lets do it! I was referring to gettin alot of ppl but shit we can still kik it
So I'm listening to the radio. Lily Allen YES...but then the song gets hijacked by some autotuned pirate. What happened... Stop stealing ;)
Today we received in the mail: Dawes tickets, Kennedy Center theatre tickets, and Keane tickets… we are an awesome couple.
'King of the Hill' was great....enjoying all the seasons all over again...dang.
Can't be bothered.
I drink to o fast ...
would not, stay tuned to forecast as we go through the weekend, should be dry most of the day on Sunday
aw yeah! what station?
really? Cuz im about to change my schedule and be in apc.
outside of Sarasota
I'd be happy to see THE AVENGERS nab the biggest opening weekend. A movie that massive deserves a giant haul.
it usually is, based on what's been in the news for the past few years. Never had one here, but equal pay one today.
Just a FYI, I am alive and well...with Internet & phone access so u can contact me now
Hello #NAPICS! First attendee or exhibitor to mention this tweet at Off The Wall Magnetics booth 619 gets 500 free magnets!! Come visit!
WHY ARE MY COWS RECKLESS?
LOVING SugarRay's aggressive takes to the hope...
Not Ron, Not Hermione, YOU
Pls RT:FREE interactive teacher+kid friendly stuff at my newly-updated site: www.brianpcleary.com
Yes to both. While you're at it, steer your travels to the windy city :)
Lakers game in 5 min. after a double-header! Philly about to win this one.
Price Tag ♥
if flght from HNL to LAX has layover in KOA do i check in w/ regular Delta counter or inter-island counter for Hawaiian?
you told me to shut up!
RT and follow me? (: yea ok thanks!! (;
Training till you almost puke, thats going HARD!
Hearing Lil Wayne light a blunt at the beginning of one of his songs >>>>>
Bad ass workout earlier.
For fans of batman I would check out the series red hood and the outlaws. Its a fantastic new series from the DC new 52!
not too sure I'd be eating sprouts right now, from anywhere.
Thanks for sharing the news on the AZ vigilante law. Hard to believe we've come to this.
Shouldn't be RT : RT : we're not really trippin on that, are we?
Haha! no one was off-limits at the Regal Beagle!
Thanks for acknowledging my pain! I'd write a strongly worded letter, but it wouldn't make a difference. Perhaps we can...
I asked him about emeraude
always a pleasure. Hope to do it again soon!
Shout out to for having the most swag in the PGA and for his first W!
schweeeeet! it'll be fun! we're gunna be selling stuff like it's a thrift store too hahah $5 shirts and stuff :)
“: I LOVE BEING A #PISCES HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!! MARCH 17TH ”
I dont know yet! A bottle of chardonnay I think. Its in the fridge and will be ready to go when I get home. YOU?
do you work down town? I go to the Hubcap for lunch
good luck. 143 ❤
And all of a sudden my room magically becomes a Sauna?
If you take care of your character, your reputation will take care of itself. ~ American Proverb
Great conf call with my bud whose home from hospital and eager to get started on 'Privacy' score. Website score he did is kickn!
#Dope concerts hitting Indy this summer...Janet Jackson at Indy State Fair
Good. They put the Bucks on a channel that won't interrupt important sports.
I just prayed for the first time in a couple weeks, feel relieved.
was one of them Grave of the Fireflies?
*squeals* #AdamOnIdol Go Adam!
O'Hare, how I love thee. The way you hold on to me just a little too long each time I pass through. Your coyly concealed power outlets.
#FF isn't over in my time zone - here's a few of my favs
I can confirm this.
Damn! I want all the women to win.
Is it just me or do any of you get random people following you with naughty contents?
Need to go get my dress altered asap
no school on my bday
students from Marlowe Middle School in Illinois visiting the Conservatory today for a performance from members of our Voice Faculty!
Hey Anne! Ever run by us on Ridge Ave?! Stop on in soon for some Best of BBQ!
After no sleep in scottsdale this weekend had to get 12 hours of it back in ABQ. Now its time to get to work on the current and new work.
"That falcon must have slipped something into his drink."
Definitely trying to get out of work early to go see the #Lemieux statue. Only kid on Liberty with his jersey on.
Very helpful conversation today. Thank you. if you haven't spoken to a rep, give them a call. 800.663.1662
Just passed the national certification exam for Massage Therapy and Bodywork.
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 5
No #AC till Saturday!...maybe he says!!!...guess I'm living at the library till then...
ENOUGH with the "Keep Calm & Carry On" knockoffs. Today I saw "Keep Calm & Be Vintage" HUH? Almost as bad as "Got ___?"
“A goal without a plan is just a wish.” - Larry Elders
Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece. A higher price? Maybe?
its only like a mile and a half from the venue! thats only if everyone is playing..hopefully i should be ok
Thanks Glen Boudreaux for invite to Duxiana Holiday Party tonight! Great time meeting new friends.
pneumonia couldn't have kept me away!
Maya Angelo “ People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
I wanna hangout with my best friend tonight.
Hey #Followers ~ let's have some fun . . . what's your favorite thing to do?
Hanging with the bestie...no partying this weekend...laptop & sweats #leggoohh!
heard the word "marinate" used in a way today that is no bueno. #awfulwaffles #maguro #whatWorldDoiLiveIn?
haha Congrats to ! Be the fearless leader!
Leap day should be a holiday. Mostly because I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
No set backs, im out with the old in with new!!!
In a super secret unmarked balloon warehouse, getting ready for at w
