Sick right now. I can't pre order, not doing no work at work and again I can't pre order.
Should sign up for school soon... Hm
what did you think of the stadium?
im going greg little
Social manipulation tip: If you're going to cut in line, edge your way in and just stand there a minute.
Thank you!
not thinking the things I have 2 do are so pressing that I cant slow down enough to listen & wait on Gods will on all things
haha sonic the hedgehog wouldn't approve
Night Night 
Fina work and write songs all night #Grinding !
LATE DINNER AGAIN!! DELICIOUS HOME MADE HAMBURGERS WITH GARLIC FRIES...
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth. - Erma Bombeck
“: appreciate it home”No prob. I give credit where it's due bro!
Is this thing on?
Just got back from filming downtown. So many leprechauns.
SURG Restaurant Group is still collecting money for Officer Vrtochnick's Family. Checks can made to TYMPD Funder & dropped off at any venue.
Feeling some type of way so boutta watch The Lion King. Yea, it's like that.
you know kids ... they bounce back fast!!
HUGE PASS BY
Michale Cera movie marathon<3 Scott pilgrim vs the world and then nick + noras infinite play list
and BTW twitter is the new facebook.
Happy Hour tonight at 5 PM ! Pretty excited to check out the new pub. You'll be there, right?
I always feel like I'm in trouble
great find!
lol no doubt especially with all the followers u have. Ps there are some funny folks using the favstar
Sorry, everyone. We are sold out of the free hugs. Would you like fries with that? Haha. What fun! -Tony
what's your guilty pleasure song?
following, sorry i took a long time (:
RT : We're off to to celebrate moms to be! If you're attending be sure to stop by and say hello!
When asked how he did it so fast?(Josh Bazell) luck..found a good agent. 1st Agent did not want him, second found him. What a find.
the Orleans Arena for the Desert Autogroup Used Car Supersale, when you get there ask for the Desert BMW stores for help. Don't miss out!
I dis wear my pea coat tonight!!! (I'm in DC )
Got my 10 year award from RN today. I can't believe it's been so long...
Who are you, me? RT never thought I'd ever say this...I'm on my way to a sports bar to watch the Knicks/Kings game.
Education is all a matter of building bridges
Zuckerberg vs. Assange: I guess it depends on whose data you release?
thanks super Toby!:)
God will create circumstance in your life so that what is in you can be seen by the people that you are assigned to help.
NYC! I am coming to see ya Jan 28-Feb 2. Any culturals need an Eval Capacity Bldg workshop while I'm there? (Or just a drink?)
Nick Baron was selected by Tampa Bay at
My lunch today is vile. Disappointing and sad (and hungry)!
There will be three large events and two intense distributed campaigns. Do you believe in libraries?
I have a question why is a bunny giving out egga
No snow in La Cienega... but 6 inches in some areas of Santa Fe!
#Its2012 And More Of Yall Lil Ass Girl Getting PREGNANT.At first it was 16 now my niggas be 14 & Pregnant!
red is always classic
#Prayers for Robin Gibb.
can't wait for the Mariah Carey concert tomorrow night at the DAR.
Please remember we will be closed on Monday am.
check out the website... many local businesses are participating! www.worldchampionfans.com
i followed her
it's actually a mixture of eating and reading/replying to emails :P
Another amazing Monday lunch from !
Why thank you ! Speaking of - alumni weekend Sept 30 - Oct 2, I'm thinking road trip! U in?
everything you love fucking dies.
Depends on if you're looking for craft beer available in Mn or just from MN available in other states.
no never heard of it
I am terrified of thunderstorms. No wind please. It scares me. Just rain.
Just let u kwn I aite no dam fool. Kmsl Motherfuckers this slow no boo
Working on some new Twitter backgrounds for clients :)
Just started The Name of the Star by … if it's anything like what claims, I'm prepared for sleepless nights.
so we are considering moving to #thebay instead of #LA :)
My friend thinks I'm weird for loving tea. She says I'm quirky... and apparently wearing glasses is a quirky quality, I'm the werid one?
lol u wasn't saying that when u was eating that chicken boo boo LMAO
I'm in love with a company...
If Google is making too many changes for you lately, check out or Both are great #searchengine alternatives.
Sleep? I vaguely remember it.
Something is going on....
Thanks for the follow! Cheers!
I'm still in recovery mode , and I'm definitely feeling better than yesterday so #TwoThumbsUp !
What a boss! // RT Was up to 6am working last night; when you work with awesome people & a phenomenal company, you don't mind!
Close game by far
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT I LOVE YOU!!!!
In the house bout to drink a few cold ones.
it's tough trying to be a change agent
Q said it's because I look too niggerish with my curls!! Lol
My good friend and Monet share the same birthday. Happy birthday to my two favorite artists!
My life would be made if followed me... Never gonna.happen),:
over diagnosed or misdiagnosed? Something to think about ;)
Thanks for revisiting #DixieLullaby with my class today. You rock.
We will be tweeting every fifth application.
discussing regulation of mobile apps. Will FDA regulate apps, EHRs, mobile health space? Seems to be moving there.
Source? RT : KGW's Michael Berk reports Chip Kelly is working to finalize a deal to make him head coach of the Tampa Bay Bucs.
A heart is like a puzzle...once it breaks its hard to put the pices back together:))
": I have to pee every 2 hours because of my fast metabolism. #firstworldpains" THAT'S WHY, GUYS
haha like lietterely : I'm Like nigga go read or do something productive hahahahaha just kidding but no that's to much tweets hahaha
Thanks. Really enjoy reading your blog (Leaf Warbler), btw.
#threewordstoliveby life is short.
Thanks, will take you up on that.very cool
I know that, but I didnt take that the wrong way. I just got back from Manhattan and pretty tired of walking :(
i like the word mangina. (x
My thoughts and prayers are with the entire Pinkel family.
Good looking ppl ! #Ladies and Gents!
I just passed Dick Clark!
You could have been rich!
Lmbo......where the heck is that?
gotta go to Buffalo!! Anchor Bar downtown!
All life is games
,I am doing lot better now, thanks,stay Blessed
Looks like it's gonna rain 'til tonight. Might as well stay at home and sleep then wake up and eat. Rest day today!
Making up a whole story in your head, Hoping one day it will happen :)
On the 8th day of Christmas my true love sent to me, 8 decades of giving! We've been PROUD to be apart of downtown #Milwaukee for 85 years!
Ha, that'd be awesome!
if I had any super power it would be to be able to always be with you <3
Judging by the rate in which he's signing artist Ye must need some tax write offs! LOL!!
Sounds like you found a solidly true statement about art. Perhaps not complete...
No doubt other parents think I'm rude too.
Promoting my books takes more time than writing them. I need elastic days. Or a good FREE PR person. I can wish, can't I? www.lindaswift.net
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
It's bout day, aka Xmas day at my house. No matter how I try there's no sleeping in.
I used to!
Modified acronym for SCOAP Sustainably Create Once Publish Everyehere
"Hey. we've created this great way to make local content available worldwide. Let's artificially hobble it just for laughs!"
Bummer. How's the internship going?
Happy St Patrick's Day! Cheer on the Badgers & Marquette with us. Outdoor seating open.
I'd rather jump on my mattress in my underwear listening to the Commodores
A great place to follow given your autism advocacy is
Good luck to all the students!
Slob on my nob.
is such a hipster. And she just KILLED it on stage.
What can we expect on #Believe ?
Oh I'm sure I will LOVE it, the cast itself is fantastic! Do u have a firm date of release? And how 'bout that interview? ;-)
RT Is there an eating disorder that entails only wanting to eat tacos for every meal of the day? I have that.
did just say "Spencer Hawes with a suntan"? is a national treasure
The Science Museum of MN Pirate Exhibit looks so cool! Check it out now on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS now.
I don't understand anything and I never pay attention and I miraculously have a B... Yes (y)
me too buddy. Sorry bout ur driver. Duct tape. Animal reached a new level on back 9. Jeans and Tee.
yeah...it just won't be the same :(
This is also a test.
Favorite ads of the superbowl? Car commercials went all out as expected, dogs had a big presence, and Madonna is relevant again
Tuesday is upon us once again. They are closing lots of main buildings here in Chacago on Saturday. NATO protesting weekend.
A movie is being filmed on campus. The extras playing undergrads are all much better looking & more properly dressed than real students.
I hadn't noticed til you mentioned it. I've only been looking at that background of moving gears. =)
i know you were....and thank you! :)
Hope everyone has a great morning. :)
Brah!! Detroit loves
“: There is no cure for curiosity. ~Dorothy Parker” <-- WHO would want a cure?!
My son has seen the Pack in Cleveland, New York, New England, Minnesota, Atlanta (I think), maybe more.
It was a pretty surreal experience!
Seeking a hands-on Technical Program Manager in OC. Have managed technical projects from start to finish. Must have a development backgro…
:) Very glad to hear!! We hope you had a great night :)
My resume will now read : Fucking creep, idiot, asshole, dick, and pathetic. Not my words. Someone elses.
RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE!
did u like it?
I like you even more now.
Baby Sage just won the parent lottery with and Lindsey. Congrats!!!!!
WHO IS WINNING BIISHHHH!?!?!
All done w/ the shoot for Champs!
) Do you find playing piano enjoyable?
At the #StripOscarparty in St. w/ a few celebrities! --> Shout out to & looking good!
I am shocked. Another horrendous mistake by Verizon. My $120 plan somehow earned a bill for $370. It's almost funny how bad this has been.
And, apparently, breaking the CFO's arm doesn't constitute as assault.
Buyers are continuing to be active in the area. It shows up in a great turnout at Sunday Open House attendance. Who do you know that I can …
Teacher: Now I want you to fold your paper lengthwise. Me: Don't confuse me, Hamburger or Hotdog?
transparency issues in Illustrator augh!
Thanks SO much! ": Just have seen your cover of cherry bomb and rebel rebel! Wow girls, you are amazing!"
Nigga, Frankie > you. Sit your ass down Angel.
exciting week full of auditions, learning sides in french, a photoshoot..oh and the boyfriend comes back today!!!! :D
Stand still on 70, definitely didn't miss this.
Ashyness is my pet peeve !
Chumble: We have a hard time with the numbers, sometimes we see $8, sometimes $13, sometimes $20. What does it really mean? Break it down.
Makes me sick looking at that hit on Hossa! How is that not a penalty!!
I need to go to bath and body works, I've lost all of my mini bottles.
Drinking Edmund Fitzgerald at legume in Oakland.Such a phenomenal porter.I remember why it was one of my first go to crafts
Q4 There are some committees that I dropped, because I wanted to be an active part of a committee.
Cool down with us in Little Italy tonight. We've got Tres Leches with Apricot Pineapple Ice Cream!
Secret Circle was cancelled and I think I'm okay with that. You should start watching #TVD now. ;)
yeah. I think southwest has me on a "make sure you piss her off list." They won't get me down! I am ready for another fun day
let's try this again...
hey, you wanna collab?
re:privacy/scary site. Is this for reals?!
Don't feel bad, punk! I have one named Arrogant Ass and one named Whore.
This episode is pissing me off so bad.
You gotta admit hotel breakfast is pretty bad most of the time. Still, a better breakfast option than BK would be great.
Y do u tweet so shrt.hhahaha
Jealous. No I don't get jealous. I just find sumone new. Obviously it wasn't what u though about me.
Big day for me, all piled up and all done, now i can relax and watch all the Pats hype. Bring it home!
MLIS Semester 3: Beginning Cataloging and Classification, Literacy and Learning and Organizational Management. Week two and still afloat...
Yeah if you only do the shotz ": Y'all think if I take like 6 shots & drink a full cup it'll be out my system before 10:45 lol"
Jershey Shore on today !! :D
Rub his nose in it.
lol thank you
you are amazing for wanting to take a relationship seriously your not old fashioned!
Let me just keep it real and say I'm lonely.. It would be nice to have someone to talk to on this rainy night.. text, kik:ceceg or DM
If Court upholds SB 1070, it will jeopardize the rights of immigrants in Arizona..
I feel like paintballing Saturday
Follow me on instagram!! iluvtaylorl17 and I follow back:)
just finished a great workout with ffc in central park. ;)
"I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying." - Michael Jordan.
Follow - hybrid sci-fi/doc based on alignments between theoretical physics, UFO sightings, and Native American Origin stories
I would wait on this balcony all night to see my neighbors' porch collapse from the combined weight of so many underage virgins.
What is wrong with Carl Crawford?
Pretty happy with Volquez's decision to cut those shit locks off.
Check us out at the WFYI Ice Miller Indy #Wine Fest this Friday night in #Indy and the Expo for Women in South Bend Friday & Saturday!
based on my very unscientific study I'd say yes, but would know for sure.
lil wayen the best rapper alive
My planning book is a word doc ...but looking for a better method. Any ideas?
that your new nickname?! Or are you just saying things to make me hungrier?
I appreciate the idea of compostable cutlery, but a fork which can't pierce a tomato is not a fork
Yea Baby! RT : Ps it's all really sinking in...super bowl baby! Holy crap!
You never feel alive until you are risking your life...
Got a jar of Honey Hill Farms (bremerton) Honey as a gift. Just enjoyed a spoonful. So Good! #yum #nomnom #goodeats Now Lookin for recipes
First day of work. I'm nervous!
Too many people spend too much time at jobs they hate so that they can buy things that they don't need.
Off to work ! Somebody please wish me luck.
My new skin care obsession: Arcona
Just a note... Should Brooks Conrad happen to do something good tonight I DO NOT WANT TO SEE ANY GLOATING RICHARD JUSTICE RETWEETS!!!
lemme get it
What?...How long has this been going on?
sucking romo's dick as usual
Simon Cowell is a Hater of Marcus Canty, Marcus is the best singer Simon this is not England this is the Usa u got my vote
I'm not ready for kids right now, but his DNA appears phenomenal :D : LMAO!!!! Wow. That is serious."
💩gets real when your feelings are involved
Klusoz gon be blazing tonight baby!! We get it in!!!
Going to sleep early to not fuckin deal with my mom!>:/ Its always my fault well goodnite people!
58% of a city's success is related to talent - as close as you can get to a silver bullet.
I apologize for the previous tweet. That was an inappropriate variant spelling of "booty"
Why do I kill myself working every Saturday... oh ya I have #asixteenyearoldgirl #worthit!!!
I wish i would have tried out for an extra in public enemies when i had the chance when they filmed in crown point! In 2009
thanks for the shout out! Glad u like out tees!!!
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed it!
It takes no longer to close a VA Mortgage than a Conventional loan
Black Ice this morning... why's everything gotta be a race issue?
who did?
She did great. I want to follow her.
The only difference between a winner and a loser, is a winner plays until he WINS
NUMBER TWO: #DontGo in Mifflin resident's backyards unless you were explicitly INVITED, you would be trespassing
Is this true? RT : Santorum asks crowd to say a prayer for his wife Karen who is doing an interview tonight.
I'm working out alone. I need my work out buddy!
I ❌LOVE❌ you I ⭕hope somone eats⭕ you ☺
That awkward moment when you're 5'8 and wear petite jeans.
RT : : Most consumers don't seek sustainability. We need to change the way consumers think and interact with the...
Does it make me sound less pretentious if I tell you the wine is a day old, but was vacuum sealed?
Got a $2-300 dress for $40 at 's designer sale today -- score! Can't wait to rock it.
uh oh what was it ?
yayy! Looks amazing!! :)))
yeah, movies are pre great ;)
that would be fine with me! They wont have cousins on my side!! Lol! ;)
no tomorrow... im old im abt to be sleep!!
#PhillipPhillips is way too good.
Ohh greatt forgot my science hw at school wow
L&#39;attirail » Blog Archive » Add Spice And Jazz Up Your Myspace ...
thanks I live in San Jose. I'll be commuting daily to the conference daily. This is my 3rd year attending and wouldn't miss it.
Look out, world. Homie just got some new black 501s.
Damn.... Chris Brown wins.... what will he say?
who? Lol a Lil early don't ya think ms kern? Haha
Is the Jesus fish really Venn diagram-based?
A REAL NIGGA RITE HERE
Hate when people stare
“: Bro we needs to go tanning!!” fucking gay! Smh
We like the Joakim Noah-Willis reed comparisons this week, but the #Bulls need more than 4 points from their emotional leader in Game 6.
The ESV Study Bible
If a woman fucks that badly, I think you should blame years of guys who let her and didn't teach her the ways.
#onceyougetmarried you cant look at other hot gujys...thtz why im not married...cuz im too young ehl -oh-ehl
i need a haircut & lineup >_<
New York Rangers are 4-0 all-time at home in Game 7s. That's all I got for today's game.
I was there yesterday. Cove, Heights, Killeen, Belton, Temple, Cameron...
“: How stunning were 's performances? Musical heaven. #OperaSwag #TheVoiceFinale” Please vote for ChrisMann!
Free Movie Friday continues with till 6!
Yeah... I carry stamps, too. ;) I just picked these 2 bec. I liked the card!
#RIP Whitney Houston
Dogfish Head Namaste (Belgian-style wit), St. Peter's English Ale, Page 24 Biere de Printemps (French-style biere de garde)
That crowd so amped I LOVE IT!!!
Interesting Tannehill talk by Irsay. If he goes #3, that might put the Couch-McNabb-Akili Smith jinx in play.
lol that strip looked too easy
When I have a difficult article to write, suddenly all sorts of errands & chores sound enticing. Perhaps I should use this strategically.
Well, if you're ever in NYC hit me up so I can listen to you talk and then hopefully make out with you. Love a good accent.
I am Sidney Poitier... and I am god. Thank you.
And no one offered you vodka?
lucky Ass Niqqa
Happy #humpday! We're busy figuring out who's going to host our ticket sales for the production of #dannysea! Any recs for us?
#Philly is in the house. THIS #DUDE NEED HES MONEY...... 215
"Divide and rule, the politician cries; unite and lead, is watchword of the wise." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
#ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Walk the Tits. :>
Severely swollen tonsil? Sounds like tech week!
ok can somebody giv me some advice wat do u do wen my 16 year old nxt door niebor sits u down to watch her dance on her fathers truck
Mane it cold af in here! ⛄
know your priorities/morals and do what it takes to respect them. Don't ever risk losing your diamond while you're out looking for stones
.I'm watching #Matilda . Cute movie :*<3
My horoscope says, "You can feel a surge of energy today as feisty Mars...aligns with Uranus" That would make me feel - SOMETHING!
is the most underrated rapper i wonder he has had great sucess and still going strong
Proof that quality of life is not really all about "jobs, jobs, jobs."
Supt Deasy of testifying in support of SB 1530: "Simply put, the bill makes schools safer." How so?
You'll find me up at club one-tweezy
can u pretty please follow me in mmy sister please
sweet dreams "Diana" lol ;)
Congrats to for launching in Palo Alto yesterday!
lol I never saw that coming.. Where was this announced? She is about to have all the gays
Last rehearsal of the season with one of my orchestras tomorrow. I will miss the clarinet...
we discovered editing problem also. You are not crazy. Our pilot is in jeopardy- looking at CMS alternatives for summer
Time for a glass of wine? Yes, yes it is.
no have you??
too bad it's not true!
this is a valid point. But I... damn, I forgot I was supposed to be outta your mentions! *facepalms*
#MIA flipped the camera the bird during the halftime show? Didn't see it,but they are making a big deal out of it
haha we now have two broken chairs
Unfortunately we do not, we'd love to come back sometime though. We just haven't had the opportunity come up yet.
BIG TIME RUSH SINGING THE NATIONAL ANTHEM =
So cute! Thanks for checking in! How was your weekend?
Back in NYC after a nice Holiday up North
i have just been informed someone hacked my twitter account and was using it unpleasantly. sorry.
"Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her. Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does. #ITR313"
Let me know when youre in LA!
thanks B!
Myself, I'm not interested in fame. I like having an influence on large groups of people but only to give away info I have learned.
wow it's. Night time there?
Who's this from guy? Sounds cool and funny
How many commercials is Verlander in???
The Neptune used to be THE place to see Rocky Horror Picture Show…
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 16
My head is killing me
It's surreal and exciting to see people posting about their book arriving from Amazon. Thanks, you guys!! cc:
Pretty Little Liars
T NASTY... THINGS I LOVE TO HEAR IN MY DAY TO DAY!!!
With Oriakhi taking his talents to Missouri, we sadly won't get to hear Kyle Macy butcher Alex's name on the Big Blue Network
Jeremy Beth Michaels wrote: maize & puke green color eyeshadows r the shoulderpads of makeup. they exist but u never want 2 c or wear them.
have a great run! #RnRSD , we will have a cool one waiting for you!
Im going to kill this train..
happy hump day peeps dont hump too much! wait u can never hump too much lol oh yeah yeahh hump away!!!!!
"Your lips are a hot flame baby, and our chemistry is kerosene."
18 percent, no minimum time unless you're renting out the lounge area for exclusive use.
RT : You guys did a fabulous job! Thanks again! #lakeshoreswag is definitely going to be a trending topic on twitter.
Inexplicably have Randy Newman's “Short People” stuck in my head.
If I could sing with you, I would have ARRIVED!
CNN Begins Special Super Tuesday Coverage right now! 6pm ET
I suck at gambling. I never win. My roommate had me pick his choices on a game...I won him $208. Me...lost $60
she changed her mom
I give away a couple slots every week, and it will be open for paid subscription tomorrow (for a few days).
We're looking to hire two #J2EE developers, dm me if you know anyone in the Richmond or DC areas
i love you so much <3
It's really cool to live in LA! I love being able to see a film/tv show & have the opp to ask industry peeps q's, in person on their work!
Old man harden is the truth.
Very nice RT : Going vacuum shopping. This is going to suck.
Austin, come out 2 night (Friday) to see Kiran Ahluwalia's kickin' group/CD release, from New York- 9ish @ St David’s Episcopal Church
looks pretty awesome...and...pretty!
What's your take on MAC Foundations? I see that most Makeup artists don't use them as much as the other brands. Do you know why?
Get at me homie!!!!! Lets chop it up. Dunlap.
well whatever and shes coming to school tomorrow yay!!!!!
Hélène Cixous wrote that "We are a mixture of love and its contrary," and today I'm very contrary.
There are enough road blocks in life without you putting up one for yourself! Coach Terry
NO! That would be 3 days in a row. My kidneys would fail
where he is he going
Today I get to go to a Seattle Sounders soccer game with Jason Sisneros!!!
You know nothing, Jon Snow...
Great show!! Thanks for playing us today!
So much pleasure reading to do its not even funny
I have a sauna too. It's called my garage.
will what's good?
Thanks Jen-You too and congrats on the great start to - we inventors surely appreciate all yalls hard work!
LOL cute! RT: Photo: Happy Galentine's Day! To http ...
No i dnt think so, i talk like Atlanta folks now lol
Cont..... *Needles stabbing me ~Devin.Anne<3
Sometimes you gotta readjust your priorities and goals, to reach that ultimate goal! Much needed!!!! Let's get it!
soo proud to b a Defensemen and an Alum!! Here comes th TERPS!! What out NCAA Tournament!!! "YEAH TERPS!!!!"
There's Gonna Be Times Where People Tell You That You Can't Live Your Dreams! This Is What I Tell Them!!! NEVER SAY NEVER!!! <3
Get that pussy wet
Lol you're really not as hot as you think you are.
Need a badd chick aint settlin for less again
today i'm at 1222 Hollins Street between Carey and Carrollton. Picking up bottles and litter. Will create garden over time.
Okay , isound all depressed now . Fuck these songs gona try to sleep :)
Get ready!! That was Kush from LTD!! You're next my friend!!
RT : We lost some serious Am-Jew creativity this week. RT MCA AND MAURICE SENDAK IN THE SAME WEEK??? WHY???????
That's about the size of it.
People just like to make me cry. People like to take advantage of my niceness 
yea it does cause I love my checks lol
Just battled an industrial sized mosquito in the live truck! Take that bugs. Don't mess with a fearless news reporter.
Thank you.
Where is your light or integrity? Yield not to temptation! Be Encouraged.
(jen) Delivering three projects to three different clients this week - all great videos. Can't wait to show them off!
Seen on a sign in Soho: Impossible is not a fact. Impossible is an opinion.
Eating a McGangBang that shit is good
haha congrats you proved me wrong ! 😲
your REALLY cute... just saying :)
it's normally fine but I moved my desktop into the living room and I'm trying to get the wireless card to work, it's being bad
Who fouls out first?
ABOUT TO TWEET MY FIRST "#FACT" OF PLENTY MORE TO COME! (FACTS BY OBSERVATION) SO, FEEL FREE TO DISAGREE.
the first week you start!
Boxwire would like to welcome Mercy Hospital! Trinity Health!
Austin hates you.
Was that #RickSantorum accepting an Oscar for The #Decendents ?!
Affiliate Marketing is being Monopolized
explosions in the sky was a sick show
laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh
I have the taste of fucking weed on the tip of my tongue. I'm so tempted to do it. I could just dig my trash and find it.
hi. i just found ur twitter xD
Listening to reminds me of #summertime :)
road trip. Follow for details :)
The whole cuban sandwich story better be true- it looks like you're in a moving vehicle!!
Hey George Clooney. When you get out of lockup head to Medium Rare. We are 6 blocks from lockup. Dinner's on us!
just made my self look like an idiot on Facebook for two crappy puns
Jeff Goodman reporting Marquette asst Tony Benford hired at North Texas. Great hire!
congrats on the baby!
learning how to use this twitter. At least it's easy to spell.
“: Romney's victory speech: "I love American democracy. I'm good friends with the owners of it."”
Happy Mother's Day To All The Mom's Out There Today!
You know you love someone when you're crying because they look upset.
Killing someone with kindness sounds like a lot of work to me.
Do the right thing and BE A FRIEND AND LEND A HAND!!!!
#IWannaBe in the greatest love story ever known <3
#CAD2012 prevention of abuse? I want to hear more. Children are worth it.
RT : #GigHarbor #waterpolo coach trying his best to get me in a speedo for my stand-up? I'm think no, ratings killer
Holmes says things between he and Sanchez were blown out of proportion last year.
I seent it.
yeah that sucks big time! And I gota be some where in the next hour or so lol
I thought Evan Rachel Wood's character didn't behave in a believable way at all.
and I don't like pumpkins
#hello november where all the freaky female scorpios at?
Not at all I was checking something else and just happen to see say something. But how are you?
You should also go see DRIVE...badass movie w/ solid track esp if you like 'chase' films in the mold of French Connection/ToLiveandDieinLA
The Chesapeake Center will be transformed after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Did you know Uncle Sam has or will have between 25 and 45% stake in your qualified retirement fund? Talk to me about how I can help you!
#imagine Louis: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Niall: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;)
Foundation Medicine average 2/3 clinically actionable variants reported per case
you paint? Thats awesome. what do you like to paint? Ugh I work all day tomorrow :/
"I like your gear" was all she can muster to say..
Know your end game before u lift a hand
just finished day one @ annual NEDRA conf... enjoying a beer in Portland ME~
#Uninsured adults receive fewer and less timely preventive and screening services
Yes I have blue Eyes&Blonde hair. I'm a true blonde. Talk shit go right ahead, but it's who I am.
Texting my mom I'm cool.
G'morning tweet peeps up late than usual had a late night. You were there if on twitter. Enjoy ur day y'all.
That was a good article! It seems like it's an issue of packaging, I guess. Also: I want to read those books now!
same for me but with my momma :D
Lucky lefty i expect a 7, i went thru hell im expecting heaven...who gon stop me huunnn!!!
thx so much!! U should enter if u have near you!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Any Pizza any toppings just $12!!!! All day long!!!!!
i honestly dont know why Sandi and Will stoped having kids After seeing caitlin and christian who wouldnt want more kids lookin like dat!!
It feels like spring in #Cleveland! Shoot me a DM with title or escrow questions- I sit next to our General Counsel, so I have the answers!
I can alter my life by altering the attitude of my mind. -Anonymous
Thanks for the wonderful cross-promotion! Sincerely, your art loving friends in Orlando. <3
Whata what the hell??? R u ok???
Nothing much just watching college football. U?
See you then!
If the Lakers are indeed swept, moves need to be made to re-tool this roster. This is likely Pau's last year in LA anyways
RT if u think Miley Cyrus is PERFECT
You are so close!!
lol fakeness isn't even a word but it is now why? CUZ GRIM SAID IT!!
The first week in May is looking pretty clear so far.
AM stop at George's Shoe & Skate Repair for 1st baseman's glove fix. Their shop is like a hot-metal type shop, aprons and all.
Come and enjoy dinner @ D'Noche...such a glorious night...pre-fixe menu for $18.95
If the patriots win today, is that all I'm gonna hear about next weekend at Evolution ? I miss my packers
email and social media access
What happened in your childhood that made you think people are good???
Tried new product today: #Hanover garbanzo beans, OU #kosher - Added 2 green salad w/ classic OK kosher Italian dressg starter
Louis your gay is showing
you weren't boring! You were amazing :) I loved the songs :) but I think upbeat would be good. Like Avril Lavigne
thanks<3..... I didn't get caught with my phone and now code 99 on my b-day this can't get any better
presenting at UW-Milwaukee startup workshop: telling is not selling
don't let the haters bug ya. They can't take this away from us!
Thanks -- those are great suggestions. We are working to build an "education" charity portfolio for sure!
Welp, looks like can sit at home and watch the Lakers-Thunder playoffs...
yay! awesome! I am working on the first issue at the moment :) super excited about this project
Foo playin the Jazz aint even fair..they couldnt win a gm in the D League haha
"Uptown shoot".. Good luck! add in some shadows and it could be quite challenging.
I'm kinda excited to wake up at 4 is that wierd? 😳
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
I was at Alterra for 2 hours this a.m. and was definitely expecting an Aaron showing. I'm shocked you didn't appear.
Lol damn austins not excited at all for the nyc concert! (;
I swear Stephenson High got the best band in Atlanta
I hope I get at least a 3.0 this semester , I worked hard as shit...
I tweet while i climb the stairmaster, what do you #dowhiletweeting?
=O What did he do now?
Eyeglasses for the masses. #IHaveAnIdea! Design frame that ppl would want & realize they need. Make eyesight clearer @ important times 41212
Join us tomorrow from 12-2 pm for a free lunch hour concert with Martin & Asha Saville!
Actually it's all of the above ;)
did you see where and met?!?! I'm so jealous! Wish we could've been there. :)
dam! is this like the 50 time this week???:O lol
Cm punk υ are best in the world i love υ man graduation for wwe champion good luck
ME TOO!
Thank you both! RT - Glad you liked Bricks & Feathers. is the man.
I hate all the people from my school.
twitter break :/ every time I tried to come back, there was even more drama!
working my assignment :)
Happy Hump Day! How about #HalfOff my services when you book today?!?! #Cleveland #Akron whats up?
How much did Adam Mayes sell the Harley for? I wonder how long till the $$ runs out.....
actually back in the queen city. We'll have to catch up!!! :)
See the truth of those who do #good for others. May their #blindness be lifted, and may they be #spiritually enlightened.
I think WordCamp SF will be in August this year. If you come up for it, hit me up!
Why do people on motorcycles think the speed limit doesn't apply to them?
I've been trying to text you for a week
RT #Aries are brutally honest and straightforward and don't care if you like it or not.
follow jennetteccurdy now
I'm betting on yes but I it all depends on the metro...no above ground access today
I'm so confused right now :( I don't know what to do :(
Always monitor competition, and benchmark but your ultimate focus is on the customer and their experience - Diego Piacentini, Amazon
whats been up with u
Cute!!! I'll try out any food you need taste tested. ^.^
I miss #oomf she took da bear and burnt off on a nigga! Jk lol
Oops--forgot tag: Duderstadt on to potential for "uni's in and of the world" that redefine mission on broader, even int'l, scope.
Don't change a thing! You're perfect!
Raise the Jolly Roger only trends in April, because that's the only time people from Pittsburgh still consider themselves 'Pirates fans'
": You should be kissed every day every hour every minute " two weeks was all it took fer me to fall for u
heck yeah man thanks a lot. If you like new heights and ruins. You will love the rest of the stuff
Arrow, a brown old sailor with earrings in his ears and asquint
Christine July 27th, 2007 6:03 pm I have recently discovered I have Restless Leg Sydrome
..whats up. follow back
Panel on women in the military during the Persain Gulf (first time we deployed large #s of women not in the nurse core)
Cute guy, wonder if he goes to my school.
u can pick up a knife and throw it at them i am kidding lol no i got no ideas and ur walking and using the phone at da same time
I'm so gonna cry for the House series finale on Monday.
Noting much i'm working on modeling got some good gigs and you?
Anyone know of available #grants for translating materials into Spanish?
it's for your own good......
the general presentation for #leweb was absolutely brilliant this year. Really enjoyed watching the sessions on youtube. Congrats man!
brings his incredible traveling show to ATL in less than a week. And we are SO excited.
haha never heard of that song??
He had a new show, can't remember if it was 2011 or 2010. It bombed and disappeared
<< Ig bitches will be bitches
That's a lot of trash. Looks like it's heavy on plastic bottles. Bottle deposit, anyone?
Thanks for the mentions and awesome RTs! :) :) :)
Thanks, Thom! Good to know, all my sitting is apparently guaranteeing that I can't do much more than that lately!
Championship Sunday for the 2010 Jr. High Volleyball League!
": She's strong enough to walk away, but broken enough to look back." Another story of my life
I need to get out of this house....it's like a prison and I'm slowly dying in it
he had good cars to win!!.. No question about it!!
Just finished my final ensemble concert as a Juilliard Student!
How 'bout you & your #GOP cronies stop screwing the Am PPL at the behest of your $$$ special interest donors
Put your face between MY legs .
": I'm not an asshole I just don't give a fuck a lot"
Really hoping to get to 90% today. Who will put us over the top?
RT : Box office opens one hour before each perfornance of "Greater Tuna"
Nice! Enjoy, you'll be in good company.
Hey, I believe you will be famous. I really do!
Rainy ,chilly day all is good
Desormeaux is NOT jockey for I'll Have Another RT : Kent Desormeaux off mounts today for failing breathalyzer test
Hope the mommies had a great day today :) For those of you who missed us, come by the #designdistrict tomorrow to get your #coolhaus fix.
Who will benefit from you living your dream?
Clean up on my mess up. because of the key malfunction we are extending your $1.00 shopping for 15 more minutes.
Ha im just giving you a hard time :-)
Nice to meet you today! Hope you enjoyed the stretch!
Stoked for an amazing weekend of music celebrating Dr. David Baker's 80th Birthday!
Students attacking teachers in-school - and a lot of educators are telling school districts don't want to talk about it
Win your share of THOUSANDS of Cha-Ching! The #WorkplacePayoff starts Monday! $100 EVERY hr!
You know you're lame when you're preparing for class and suddenly get excited as you realize you're reading a Judge Easterbrook opinion.
RT : I don't like you and I never have so quite frankly.....fuck yo feelins!!!!
And call it.
is 16 and pregnant. :') She's having a girl. That's so cute. I'm so happy for her!
#WorshipAndTheword is and private music lessons are available. Follow if interested.
this is like so good I just watched it !!!! I love this song ah !!!!
“: I just want to Wobble. #WobbleBabyWobbleWobbleBaby”
well it was from my fridge.
The other day a rich man told me "Just hearing the name makes me think about wanting to buy a "
Great expectations
By the time females take off all that fake shit they a totally different person
I want the blessing of lord Konti.
Its been a lonq day.! Havent had any sleep so im runninq on very lil riqht now.! Gonna try n relax
Baja Wine Tasting today from 2 to 6pm. 7 wines and light snacks for $14. Hope to see you!
Keep going Kevin, love hearing this haha
“: Doesn't "turbo session" sound much cooler than "trainer session"? gonna start calling all my gear "kit" Love it!
I'm a bit fuzzy on the particulars. But it would seem so.
For all the non believe'n' foes out there doubtin' me... This is who I am, this is Kold Reality!
great way to remember Adam (MCA) and to celebrate his life!
Scores coming in 47, 43, 42 for Austin ISD to take the lead
well its cut off now. Were going to OU tomorrow I'm excited!
haha next weekend maybe?!:)
THAAATS IT! Omg please though!
#RIPDJROWDYA </3 My prayers go out to his family..
i love the PANK. Great mag! Glad to be following.
bout to go play basketball
R.I.p whitney houston
Porter's Tavern should be a goo place this afternoon!
Thanks for the follow Bryan! How goes it?
my mom's for us getting that room... it could still work for us
question: do you think the public model will be different from the school model?
": Dearly Departed Tours' New office on Sunset Blvd. Is shaping up nicely! Tours start from New location April 1"
i followed :)
do you know if logan will be in seattle anytime soon? :)
Just passed a corvette!
Synagogue Schmooze - Cleveland Jewish News
Thanks for following! Good to meet you.
Shd be going over to the Cheery Blossum Festival in a bit with Mark. Will check in on Facebook... (check)
just the same dream for like 8 days now.
Are y'all going to be signing at CMA Fest as well as performing? I love ya's so much!
I wanna be Made into a professional ghost ride the whip.
ahahah your cracking me up. Mine just thinks she's so well balanced, and amazing at everything. She fell into a trash can..
Mary Blair is being honored today with a google doodle!
maybe you could show us your peter andre six pack sometime? hehee ;) love youu calluumm xo
#daydreambeliever on a rainy day
So long ... Wish you could have stuck around one more year, buy best of luck in the
ohh i turned 14 in march :)
Tomorrow we'll be on the southwest side at Fedex Trade Networks International Transport & Brokerage 2349 Aviation Drive Indianapolis.11-1:30
24 hours until I'm back in Raleigh...yes.
SYCAMORE PRIDE!
& drop leg 2 help low-income students go 2 higher ed: eTracking system monitors readiness & links 2 ed savings acct
next time<3
very nice. Beautiful as always.
I don't know but holy cow, I don't think I can handle another breakdown from the girl!
Too hard Too hype lab is on.
#GoTribe Let's go tribe. Get in that walk off mood again. But not the most promising guys up to bat..yet I believe!!! ⚾⚾⚾⚾⚾
Coral Reef head is the name and fish is all about that game.
Burglaries of residential properties accounted for 73.9 percent of all burglary offenses.
Sounds fun! Still w/ Denny? =)
That's not a smart baby; that's a very very creepy baby. Bradley can do better!
Only 3% of the #earth's water is #freshwater - we must protect this critical resource.
Oh, no, it's okay, Mother Nature, I really fucking love hydroplanning all over the damn place.
can you look at times? You pick
rally not funny
hey belated congrats on new show! Come visit us Cheers
Delicious as always. Went in for the crayfish after I saw the price went down.
: Until the 1800s, Turkish women suspected of cheating were tied in a sack with cats and thrown into the ocean. Thats a punishment
Loving the free toca boca doctor app. My preschoolers will love it.
follow back?
|#quotes A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done.
?? Not from me.
Yo Myasiaa stay tryna get washed! I was gonna give some cookies too. smh lol
well illegal immigrants get fake ssn#'s and id's can't I get the monkeys one too!?!?!
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined."- Henry David Thoreau
Listening to my co-workers discuss american idol is like a slow descent into madness. Please never use the word "pitchy" please.
hah I can relate! sounds good.
Drake is too beautiful not to reblog every picture I see of him on my dash
!!!!! RT : Whoa, Riot Fest in Humboldt Park in the Fall! The actual PARK.
Thx for the shout out great seeing you at #innotech today. Enjoy and send out some live feeds
if you're constipated, that means 'YOU AIN'T SHIT!' LLAMF!!!!!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: BBQ Ribs and Broasted Chicken. Double the meat and double the fun.
m, oreos n milk (:
Was looking forward to S-Jax vs. Metta, oh well. Lets' beat LA anyways.
Wait! You should be using a STEINWAY piano, not a Yamaha!
I just got 23 new messages.
Want to hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke. Joke. Joooooooooooooooooooookkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkke.
DUDE HOW DID CHEM GO?? HOPE IT WENT WELL♥
The beatings will continue until morale improves!!!!!!!!
Hoo-Rag Launches New Line Of Outdoor Protective Gear
A behind-the-scenes peek at the wheels from Bluemont Dairy in Madison, Wisc. The bandaged cheddar has crystals of goodness:
When you have headphones in and people try and talk to you <<<
Any JAVA Peeps? And Im not talking the coffee- Gimme a call if youre looking for a PERM Position *312-616-7974*
What'd you get? Fried pie? RT : with their 100th follower!
Mascara companies can make eye lashes look three times longer. Why in the world don't they make condoms?!
...that's the only Conrad on the team that I know of.
I LOVED your performance. You guys went hard.
ARTyard plan for downtown Chandler stalls It's been more than six months since the city requested proposals.
i feel absolutely horrible
Should be every leaders battle cry! RT Most people spend their day putting out fires. I'm spending mine starting them.
Like our own so we can let the frustration out while simultaneously sending it anonymously into the ether.
Woo take home test, completed! Next time to prepare for this presentation, start to prepare for the final, and do 2 more projects.
hey :) follow me back please?
Widdout internet on my laptop until time warner come install my phone, internet, & cable Tuesday. Had to cancel direct tv, not allowed here.
Yeahh (: well I'm so freaking tired I'm going to bed (: haha goodnight (: Talk to you later? (:
Aw wah. 😱😲😭 No bueno! Will do, wish you were!
Pretty sure we know it's UK, sigh. “: Nerlens Noel will announce his college decision on April 11 on ESPN #Cuse #UK #GTown”
Happy Friday. Cant complain about the weather today. Its going to be a busy weekend. Wont be on the computer much.
Shout out to my newest follower Hope everything is going well with you Ruth! :-)
what a beautiful day out san francisco! get out there and do #something!
#ChrisRickert column on War on Women in today's is so bad I can't even bring myself to link it here.
why isn't twitter working right???? God please help me on this stressful day
I'm in a train! I'm on a train! Take a look at me now, 'cause I'm on a train!
the friends i got <<<<
Everybody message me Ur skype names
Floyd gonna wait til manny has to walk around wit a cane and then say let's fight.....funny thing is manny would still beat his weak ass
So excited for the #beach this weekend
I say the "No way I'm like that" vote smothers the "I'm totally like that" vote
you too! Yes, kale is so Californian, never knew so many recipes until I got here! Spicy peanut a fave! :)
No more blog posts about him going home!
that is pretty much what you are doing by GAMBLING our city's future on BF
Yeah check the stats, my team winning Tryna get a bitch open like a flea flicker
Want to help me trend something for ariana?
sarees look funny when you don't have boobs heeheehee... i was trying to figure out what looked off about these draped skinny white girls
From EduDemic- 25 Ways to Use Twitter in the Classroom-...
In 1971, Ol’ Blue Eyes announced his retirement. Aren’t we lucky that he was back in the studio just 2yrs later?
...<3 can't wait to see you tomorrow
thanks for a great season. With love from the bay..❤
WAIT....IT RAINED EARLIER?! HOW THE HELL DID I SLEEP THROUGH IT?!
Happy Tuesday...S/0 New 2 my new tweepies
Make me a #DraftVIP #NFLDraft1 Much love Shawn!
I think I may buy a couple of copies of the today and take them to work Wednesday.
I hope you get better soon!!!
I fell back. Now what do I do
god doesn't exist
I'm writing a big "NO" on my summer availability for work
I love you fuck head!!!! Xoxoxoxo
": I'm really not in the mood to go to school or even smoke today . -.- I feel like shit." Im on a hangover!!!
I want you to be happy, but I want to be the reason...
• Cool. I don't know how twitter accounts get hijacked but I've seen it happen to lots of people.
I wish I had rotten tomatoes I could throw at cars instead of havin to honk at them.
Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch!
do you think it matters? not being rude just asking
Don't do it for profit. Do it for purpose.
#Pacers gotta 16 point lead #LetsGo!!!
According to Examiner: Kris Allen has just partnered with the Music Empowers Foundation
rodney where are you...
But Yea Finna Roll It Up, Den Toke It Up Hell.
First time watching braveheart. Was pretty good
So there is this beautiful girl...and she is reading this right now.
Betty White and #thevoice, for sure : Fav commercial so far?
you're drunk, huh?
I hate when that happens! I lost days on that once...bizarro.
Jersey Shore season 3 in december get ready! Back in jersey, Hell yeah I'm pumped!
This is good, yes?
all bad bros!
bonus if they're active for a month.
and my car broke, barely got it to the shop aka some guys backyard who we found on craigslist.
I'm single. You'd have to be amazing to change that.
Forget the light at the end of the tunnel. It's usually just a break between tunnels. Learn to love the tunnel - Scrappy Project Mgmt book
nice. Makes me think of the owl from the '81 Clash of the Titans
If sexy never left, then why's everybody on my shi-i-it?
I think they are having a budget cut.. Lol
's "disintermediation" slide at #AAUP11 has me rereading the anthros of mediation: , W. Mazzarella, , etc.
'The Avengers' is awesome, yo.
nope dm it to me
RT : What are we going to do after they pass cap-n-tax?> stop feeding this beast!!
13 more days of school doe!!! >>>>>
Good to hear.
Oh, yes. I want to see photos.
Also shout out the TKIL homies back home just lit one for ya!
Looking forward to profiling in magazine soon. chatted about prop. 8 win @ #CaDem2012 #CTA reception
I thought we had something real -.-
if any of my FB friends have a Twitter follow me on there i dnt want any more surprizes jp
right back at you:)
Today at the improvisational retreat, we learned about mitosis, Nihilism and plumbing.
College Football Capsules: Petrino, mistress exchanged 100s of calls, texts - Brownsville Herald
#fgn3 hey hey
5 reasons your boyfriend hates your bangs.
You can never get back what you choose to throw away.(DEP)
Great hustle by Evan Turner!
Successfully sang the four questions
please, and thank you.
Use Selective Tweets for FB! When installed on yr FB account, you can [hastag]FB to whatever tweets you want posted to FB too.
Way to go lakers
Hugo Viana is nothing short of incredible. Right now, FAR outshines Martins as a player.
I wonder what it's like to be 19 and make the MLB look so easy.
Shepards pie for dinner! Yum. :)
There are a lot more soups to go - thank goodness it is getting close to lunch! I am making myself hungry!
they needed that to wake up
Randy Sklar screaming and playing with snakes is like the best thing I've seen all year.
I'm definitely a changed person from 3 years ago. Big dreams & at a tough point of my life, I began to realize them!
Just played 'Wind Cries Mary' on the guitar. Haven't got the solo down yet, but I'm working on it.
Happy birthday!!
Great information Lisa. Thanks How do we contact you after the TWEET CHAT ?
wats up wit you??
I just remembered I learned how to tie a bow tie last night! BaBAM
Bless him!!
i don't wanna be loved , i don't wanna be loved .
VOTE FO' PEDRO!!
haha! I feel it's beyond rude to take advantage of people. I watch start ups do it like its the program. Dark times.
Dude, a book about Nose Pickers? Awesome, count me in!
IM GONNA FUCKING KILL SOMEONE. MY WIFI WON'T CONNECT AGAIN. IT SAYS UNABLE TO JOIN NETWORK.
so i just checked out your band and you guys are amazing :) ill def spread the word around :)
sounds like we have the same problem. AND I'm going to stop and get breakfast on the way
i think they could benefit from sociology 101
would you like to do a colab/duet with me? your a very talented singer.
Hey David. Follow me please?
What!?!?“: Correction: An earlier tweet about our cover story this weekend, now deleted, mistakenly referred to raccoons as "coons."”
Virtues are acquired through endeavor, which rests wholly upon yourself.
I miss you:(
Where would you guys like to see us play next in NYC?
P.Terry's veggie burger....
When do you become too old for your parents to not help you anymore? Cause you never get too old too not have to respect them anymore
Cant promise you will win $540 million by playing at the Riv, but we can promise good times and great memories !
can u pleaaaassseeee follow me??? It'll make my day <33
Oh ya an good morning to all you beautiful people on my timeline this morning :) have a blessed day
none of my friends listen to the same music as me.
so is it weird to root for one Rangers and against another?
Now the principal is trying to kick her out of lake nona
Above all things, never be afraid. The enemy who forces you to retreat is himself afraid of you at that very moment. -Andre Maurois
The only beer on tap at Underground Lounge last night was Murphy's - only half a glass left - don't think they've change the keg since 1982.
Good news just keeps on coming!!! So happy right now.. loving life =)
"Ooh my my" doing his thing on with keeping it real!!
Thanks for the RT girl ;) Team DSE
I'm going to be in London for a month in July so I'm looking at what to watch that is exclusively BRITISH.
Me too. #coffee is good for just about everything!
YUMMO! cannot wait to see what you whip up for the FIESTA! xx
yes Woof!
haha aw. I have all of the normal lab times this month lol.
Wow Dead Man Walking is a GREAT movie
well, true but based on our controlled spending conversation last night it's probably going to happen w/or w/o new hangers.
Thanks for the RTs tonight Make it a memorable weekend.
Still counts!
Vday gift from the Cupid of productive workdays: no internet in my office.On cusp of hr 3;perhaps flirting w.building mgr will resolve this!
Our lives are an open book. What role does God play? What role do we play? Who has the leading role? Who is writing the book?
And when the wedding photographer asks you to say the magic 'smile' word for the pics...presume we know what you'll say! :)
Yeah I like to shoot squirrels in our backyard for fun too.. K Dom..
Hey y'all follow !!
well that's two reccomends and no disapprovals congrats new customer.
Prove everyone wrong.
Lets go Bucs! Hieber's Pharmacy supports the
That Thing You Do!
The crew from upcoming movie "she wants me" just arrived. What a day so far! Love this place.
I know you ate it.
Made it to Long Beach. Testing iPad as road laptop. Great on flight.
See you there. And then we'll need to find a renter, right?
I think the this is the first flight I have ever been on with Internet
tried new lotion formula, been letting it sit 2 c if it separated, it's been 5 days & still in tack! Looks like we may have a winner!
go look at it lmao it's too damn funny
Need beats? e-mail me @ or call 678.577.7062
Enjoy! I hope that you like the snack mix. It is the one thing that I know how to make fairly well!
We are so glad you are enjoying the #LiNC conference, Wally!
and you're the background on my phone
it's a great place... If guy have time there's a six flags there
These Apple announcements are always so exciting.
Out of meeting about usability test results for website. It's one of the few meetings I actually look forward to!
US can't tell Iowa its marriages aren't valid. Nor can Texas tell Iowa that. That's what being united states means.
WOW thanks “: is one of the best follows I ever made. If u want inspiration, intellect, philosophy, & truth ..
thanks for the RT! Haven't seen you in a while - how have you been?
Sasha vujacic is still way out in front in the people I hate contest
Nice to know my whole office got $1 pretzels from without me.
well when ur in town we can take a trip and go to the real ones then lol deal ?
Celebrate the New Year with Helmet City! What's your favorite motorcycle memory from 2010?
Who admits to buyers remorse starts in 3..2..1.. RT The who will give JaVale McGee $10 mill per year debate starts in 3..2..1
In the mornings, I was anxious; It's better just to stay in bed. Didn't want to fail myself again.
#nowwatching MaryMary on We T.V.
At the #SSAC excited to hear the first session w/ Gary Bettman, Adam Silver, Steve Tisch, Rob Manfred & Michael Wilbon.
I'm like the only person awake
hahahaha yes Robert! Lol an my brother
awh thankss! but yours is better (:
Thanks for the retweet, we love this pic, too! We're celebrating #harleywomen all month long!
That awkward moment when you hear your own voice on a record and wonder how you even have friends.
Its Colder Than The Hairs On A Polar Bears Ass
go for it, you got my support
oh~Sajj., thank u soo much! U just don't know how much I need ((HUGS)) right now, thank u 4 ur luv<3. My dearest sweetest friend;)
Justin, I love u, wontcha gimme ur hand? - a blast from the past
Thanksgiving=1 week and counting:)
"Happy Mother's Day"
Meeting lots of nice new people via #rot11 - please feel free to say "Hey" :)
i'll miss ya!
YESS!! FOLLOW US BAILEY! ;O YOUR SO AMAZING!! <3
I'm gonna be less cool sans OKC!!!!
Headed there shortly: “: Wheels up! #GCDC #clothdiapers at Kiwanis Park Tempe Arizona! In Phoenix #earthday lead up!”
Bartender pour the wine cause the hurtin is all mine yeah tonight the heartaches on me
I'm sorry, hopefully you'll be able to attend one of our Creative Salons soon!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid and pointless. man, was I wrong.
:) Ya got a point there! Though that can be fun too, all depends, lol.
defintiely just tryna make some moves slowly but surely yall need to creep out her for bday bash
UPDATE: Due to the excitement building around - #BBRN will archive it 30 minutes after each live broadcast.
What are your favorite hoppy brews?
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America
& . Yes i do fell bad But it's not my problem that he had to leave early & its kinda off your guys fault because ...
New twidroyd update might actually stop me uninstalling it
g'night all. hope pleasant dreams lead you into a beautiful and relaxing sunday...
#sportspetpeeves When people always think national announcers are biased
I can't dM you any longer.
Carolyn Wells~ Actions lie louder than words.
Thank you! I should take my own advice, and not throw a tantrum, right? :)
When a song reminds you something or someone in ur past that ur trying to forget <<<<<
Since Husband man doesn't have Twitter I can freely shout this out...SUPRISE PRESENT IS BEING SHIPPED!!!! Hope it gets here by Saturday!
that should really read, before OPENING FOR
A menu from one our fine school lunches: "Fillet flounder, scalloped potatoes, buttered spinach, buttered bread, stewed prunes, milk" [1944]
yes girl that's right lol
Grab all your co-workers and come compete in our New Belgium Office Olympics Nov 11, 18 at 6 pm. Prizes include VIP tour of brewery.
Is traffic really stopped because a dog won't get out of the road!?
yes, I believe I have heard of her ;)
Awesome, thank you so much! Very excited :)
This chick turned down a job offer 2 work 25.00 an hour..wtf?
she bad. and she know it.
Would love to be part of setting the 5-yr plan for SMPSdc. Thanks for asking!
needs to stay the hell out my dreams when Im trying to sleep Im tired as hell today .....smh
RICK SANTORUM has been called out several TIMES by secret agent RA-RA. Once again she has nailed his BUTT TO THE CROSS. NLD Mom/ca.surv.
hell yea lol i will be in detention tomorrow -_-
Preparing for History exam :/
Toshiba Excite 10 LE unboxing and initial hands on review [Video ...
welcome to Twitter!
Looking through the unopened goodie bag to see what I can give away on
Hi all when you get a chance check out my world music project called Indigenous Souls... www.myspace.com/indigenoussouls
RT : RT A new study says vitamin D may reduce aggressive breast cancers in black women. Are you getting enough?...
no problem! :)
like what????
Sure thing!
HELL YEAH BIG TIME.
MR Blow! Class music is much more than a chance to calm down! it could be a linchpin in the war on poverty! (El Sistema !!!)
said he wished he had a girlfriend that nigga was on that big time rush shit talkin bout #oohf singin'n'shit
Can't wait to see it! :)
So bored and tired that I'm watching infomercials :/
this is bulshit
Sci-Fi is the path to world peace, per the Toastmaster.
Anyone else having a Gmail problem where it fails to mark messages in a label as read? Quite annoying.
Yay! Thank you! Hope you enjoy it! :)
damn dat nigga traffic did have some paper
thank you my love, also to you <3
Headed to church with my brothers and Dad
Thank you to everyone who supported us, the walk was great! We raised $1,128!!
So what am I looking forward to #CES ?? Drooling over things I can't and won't have lol.
Just saw this the other day. It's about to go viral I can feel it.
My love for was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
Love this: God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind. Nighty Night!
finally with my kid! Whew!
I just had the best & longest ssleep of my life. I rub you.
and very few roads.
It was such a nice day today. Wish I had someone to share it with.
I wish I could sleep with headphones and not get strangled in them. I need to sleep with music playing.
Has Ron Paul been asked about son Rand's opinions on the 1964 Civil Rights Act?
Lady Gaga So So ALready winner you winner winner
What. The. Fuck??? Really?!
no problem, I'm always here. (:
Looking to have style Ring-Tail Lemur Vinyl Figures manaufactured for our company - Any recommendations? -
Good Morning... Happy Monday :)
SECCA presents conversation with paperless exhibition's only NC-based artist. Thurs., May 17, 7 p.m. FREE
One client just wrote "Great play last night!" regarding #HKC's College Hoops WINNER Arkansas St !!!! BPOSport.com
we'd be honored
A good thing gone wrong, rather like Diedrich's. Sad. I'm going back to Peet's now.
NEW Lunch Special- 1 HUGE Cheese Slice, 1/2 size any specialty salad & drink for ONLY $8.99!! Best Lunch Specials in town & the best pizza!
REBEL fashion show tonight at ! REBEL will be giving away some pieces from the new line! Get there early supplies are limited.
if only official baseball season was here with the weather...
Sleep time :) 13 hour shift tomorrow woo!
sounds like you guys... Would love to see a color-coded graphic of Libya news showing how bits of news travel...
#Glee haha Tina is doing an awesome Rachel impression. I like Tina better as Tina though.
On the road again.. 6 cities in the next week.. And then LA!
just sent our golf shirts for Can't look better than that on the links!
on a happier note, LET'S GO TO MILL MTN TOMORROW. cause i'll be home. and i want your face in my life.
Going on Martha Stewart Living Radio on Sirius from 230-3. Learn how to pack perfectly for the holidays!
Looking at playing in Brownsboro (close to Tyler) on March 30th and Jacksonville on April 27th. Can we get people to come out?!
why are you getting surgery?
you lucky:/
-stands in doorway- your serious?
thanks for the follow!
says it's like an MLS crowd
Responding to an attack with an attack contributes to a downward spiral of negative interactions.
HEY SIS,,IF U WORKING,THIS FOR U,,LEGGO!!!
I think hunger games would've been even better is I was there when yelled YOLO! when people were killed
"The hardest to say three sentences: Help me, I love you, I'm sorry"
I DONT KNOW WHAT DO WE HAVE HERE
Why does Gallardo always seem to have one foot stuck in the mud puddle of mediocrity?
Blessed with you in my life
Anybody want to see 21 jump street tonight?
okay goodnight!<3
I heard u like the wild ones
#creative dilemma: choose between the known and unknown (which is juicier?)
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. ~ Napoleon Hill
"Rock The Runway" April 8th, sponsored by Dmagazine, Junior League, Park Place, Fig. Your judge extraordinaire...Skintastic's own Barbara
Yes! It will all be good!
We're very happy to announce that for the 9th straight year that the Delafield Brewhaus will be attending the World of Beer Festival!
Thanks everyone for your #JustRead contributions this week!
hate you right now! me and my boss were JUST talking about taco bell and mexican resturaunts.. NEED.TACOS.NOW.
Swabbies is thanking its taco talents downtown to Alhambra and H in t minus 1 hour!
Sending hugs the way of one of my favs !
somethings wrong with my time
To our 3 patrons who helped a lost gentleman, thank you. Such a Mitzvah. Your kindness is a blessing!
All we are , all we need
COME TO KENTUCKY
There will be two stages of security. Then Conner Prairie is first onstage with Michelle. I'm sure I'll trip.
Moth stuck in my ear, what's new with you?
yea umm tbh I never heard of him and I didn't even follow him but I followed him and looked him up! He's a good actor! :D
. I'll give you a tasty dog.. HAHAHAHAH
What drama on the last day of the epl
OMG I just got the worst news from my home town. My cousin died today and she just had a baby 1 week ago. I cant believe this !!!!!!
im so tired >< and this weather doesnt help
Nice call.
meant hay
John! Nice to meet you. You seem like a nice guy. That's nice.
Thank you.
Please RT! → I'm running a 2-for-1 special on voice coaching sessions THIS MONTH ONLY. In L.A. or via Skype. Email me at !
got one of them a few weeks back....
So there's a chance of a LA-NY #StanleyCup Finals...interesting
": Doing makeup now too? Awesome!" Thank So Much! Make Up Artist Theresa
The simple quiet moments in life can bring us so much if we allow ourselves to be present to them.
but then again, they're just trolling.
Check out for GREAT training and classes - plus keep an eye out for upcoming Nutrition/Wellness Workshops to be held here!
I'd rather rest in a sauna than row through a lagoon.
It's nearly impossible to focus these last 2 weeks of school.
#dh11 Lots of little issues w/ GBooks: large swaths of corpus misdated.
he's going to stay at home and you'll support the family?
do you not realize arguing about the same thing everyday isn't helping though
plus opener against Saints team w/o it's coach
Thanks Again (:
27pg final submitted.
Wow!! We need a new fucking goalie!!!!
To whomever just walked by my office saying, "oh yeah, that must be the liquid cheese they pour on their cheese fries" - shut your yap.
you're welcome... have a wonderful day!
": I'm eating persimmons like they're vampires before sunrise." Like vampires before sunrise. :)
Especially since Newt said today that the Prez doesn't know what he's doing.
AxeOff USA is a Monthly Guitar playing contest @ the Hard Rock Cafe in New Orleans. Cash prizes $3000. For more info: www.AxeOffUSA.com
slow and steady wins the race...aka haven't started yet
I founded CORE, organized the freedom rides & [brought] Gandhian techniques... to the struggle for racial equality. - James Farmer
Somewhere a racist kidney is complaining about how kidneys don't get a holiday.
If we made stickers, would anyone buy them? Currently looking into getting some bad ass logo die cuts made so we can raise $ for a new site.
meeting saturday?
Get decent refs, then we'll chat! RT puts a bow on TD. Great celebration or selfish for getting team a 15-yard penalty?
whos it supposed to be by?
Today we have a sale on televisions! 25% off all TVs and like all electronics, money back guarantee within 7 days of purchase with receipt!
: hey:p Random question. Do you know any good songs?
. OA mentioned at 1 talk, but not scandal. Someone suggested consortium of universities could BUY Elsevier. Which would be cool.
This is after LBJ had earlier forced RFK to go deer hunting in Tx and made him use a large caliber shotgun that knocked him on his ass.
AFTER STUFFING UR FACE WHICH GAME R U LOOKING FORWARD 2 MOST??? 4 ME ITS THE PACKERS/LIONS
Men don't have button flys.
I got a few plans im about to set in motion.. but b4 that I need to watch a dream.. out
Come on, now! Real wind doesn't start until 30mph. Then continues until it gusts at 75mph. #WestTexasFistbump (;
hola how goes?
Sometimes I wish I didn't care. it would make things so much easier for me
hey its stingy Chris lol
i'm going to see resident evil. i don't even know what it's about. :p
i was DEDICATED... to the Jonas Brothers. just like i never stopped loving them, ill never stop loving one direction. ♥ ^-^
for who?
Taking it chill tonight with and
I flirt but that don't means I want to fuck you all the time -_-
That red one is smoking! :-)
Aw man I love my bitches!!!
Phew! What a relief that it didn't tear your nips off!
it is! People are really enjoying. The society is accepting members. Contact
you are welcome :)
...i guess i'll just stare at the walls in the green room and listen to John Mayer until my eyes close on their own.
That last answer leads into A2: Being motivated AT the right time -- when everyone else is in bed & before everyone else is awake.
At Home Pranking My Mom By SNAPPING videos of her funny excersices ! :)
I hate mondays and wednesdays just as much.
maybe he didn't write them,but we don't know that anymore than we know he did...but he's still resp for those pubs
Yup. Soon as I get back, please?
Although it feels wrong for a lifelong NJ devils fan to say, I have to cheer for the Rangers against the Caps... Peace out, Ovechkin!
Never say sorry for sayin what you feel thats like apologizing for just bein real
Indians bring in closer Joe Smith to take on Jays in the top of the 11th.
Pushing forth 2 more faith- based business designs: LeChic Hair Designers-Miami, Florida and Ruach Studios-Miami,Florida.
RT : Just dark-deployed auto-routing Drush remote support to infrastructure. Really cool and going public...
I work with models of all ages from kids to older people so I get a chance to meet celebrities and important people
Still time to register for SD Press Club's Wed workshop Practicing Safe Social Media. More info at www.sdpress.org/Activities
It would be sweet if I did this all the time ... likely though? Not so much. :)
