Coming home :)) I'm staaaaarrrrvvviiinnnggg LOL:)
right I hurts?
Hope everyone had a safe and fun night last night - Downtown Austin is a blast on St Patrick's Day and SXSW!
I think sex is better than logic but I can't prove it.
Goodmorning loves not looking forward to this Sol
actually your wrong you can say "praise be to allah" or "all praise is due to allah" so uh...yahh
Social web ib panel was fantastic.
I'm not comin back to the US. I can't leave London.
The good news is when I am done with these last four rounds of chemo I will be DONE with treatments.............. the end is in sight
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections. Saint Francis de Sales
DURANT ! That is all I have to say!
I appreciate that you cover stories with depth and clarity.
360 spin? You won't be confused for a math genius. Try 180. 360 is facing same direction he started.
Just seen Amber Rose on Wendy and loved her!!
More than I can say!
It was great meeting you this week! Hope you have a safe trip back to Martin and best of luck with the internship!
Gwyneth + Goop have nothing on you!
congratulations to Maine Community Health Options for winning a huge CMS grant set up a non-profit CO-OP in ME!
Looking up there's always skies, rest your head I'll take you high and we won't fade into darkness..
Finally a skate session! It has been weeks since I got back on the shred sled!
I cannot sleep when its this hot in my room. It's like 357532478874335788433.25 degrees.
GO PACERS
So are we! RT : excited for premiere of my brand-spanking new "Now or Never" on 9/27 at !
if that doesnt work scrub hard with soap and water then let it dry and just like pick it off
We are currently mesmerized by the Asian kid in the front row who has been emotionless and unimpressed all night.
Hurry up and get those orders in! Campaign 19 must be in noon tomorrow, but I will be at school so I have to put it in tonight! I will wait!
Now that I un-protected my twitter, all those lovely porn bots can follow me. Thanks guys!!
I cant get Michel Telo's song "Ai se eu te pego" out of my head. Its so catchy!
I think I'm sitting next to jared the subway guy.
What's higher than number one... ?
Come on people, start following (:
Game tonight at home vs South Carolina. We kick off at 7 pm, we need all the support we can get !
follow for followw? :)
Man chooses which part of the bible he believes in all the time. Should you be allowed multiple wives, do we stone people, etc.
Happy birthday to Muhammad "the greatest ever" Ali. Float like a butterfly and sting like a bee for another fifty years champ!!
World Cup Soccer Thursday: (7am - Greece/Nigeria) (11:30am - France/Mexico) (6:30pm - Argentina/South Korea)
it was a pretty unlucky situation turned lucky hahaha
Absolutely, cool logo but where can we get your music?
Just left the eye doctor I look like I'm straight rolling face hahah
Kate Upton is the Motto
My latest intention is to live a visually interesting life.
Baseball and runnin'
The lovely to celebrate her birthday at Saturday the 7th! , looking forward to...
Its a beautiful day in San Diego...& I'm stuck inside this restaurant working.
Las Vegans get a life. Obama didn't create unemployment here. Let's ask our local officials what are they doing for Nevada.
My sympathies on your loss-- his life sounds remarkable.
henrik = best goalie on this planet!!!!
my hair doesnt even get curly , it gets wavy :/
At least he was honest tho...lotta niggas stay flaugin like they blowin strong...and it be pure bullshit!!
Thanks for the Retweet! Hope to see you there.
The #nytimes ran some great obits today. Too bad about the date. Lady from the Cornelia St cafe must have been lovely!
ohh cause im ordering my phone tomorrow .. is that individual ?
I will be at Terrace 390 celebrating a good friends bday. Come join us tonight! :-)
Thanks for Found LA tweets!
#Republicans chose a man who decried "Reagan-Bush" over #Gingrich or #Santorum. What a ringing endorsement of the conservative movement.
"If someone was heads up in the shoot out 2nd table and tweeted they did a 15% save does that qualify them to be dq'ed"
We love it!
the fave to win Cup rarely does. Wings have been "locks" to win Cup, as Pens r this year, & have fallen flat. I know the pain
Louis C.K. might be the funniest man in America
yes! That's why, he's so sweet :)
Awesome how about your.....But sad of Premier League Soccer yeasterday:(
Good night yep been up for almost 24 hours just 3more hours to go but to bf im going to sleep :) peace out <3 One Direction
just did a little unscheduled maintenance on the OMC grinder to keep flowing. OMC w/out caffeine * Monday = CouldGetUgly
How bad did KC over pay Winston?
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 54 to 59. Light winds.
Totally! He threatened libel in the comments section of my blog, ha!
Chokeholds are not fun...
shooting baccarat winners w/
I could never work in HR.
oh gee thanks!
I bet tomorrow's going to be an awesome day though ;)
I can't believe the table moved, Cray!
katy perry is awesome!!
LOVE your pics! And congrats on your news! :)
happy happy birthday to you!
No matter how fast you run Michael Myers will some how walk faster
give pappa Steve a hug for me
love it!!
Sad to see ABC 7's GM Emily Barr leave - she understands military families, and being a Navy wife during her tenure, I can't tx her enough.
Morning!! -_- Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
welcome to the wild world of tweetdom! Glad that the twitter box inspired you...
GREAT NEWS!! All filing fees have been sent to the IRS woo hooo we is a LEGAL 501C3 NON-PROFIT www.pledge4patriots.com WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE
Two great days of earn your turn skiing! The legs are feeling it so today will be filled with chairlift rides;-)
We've tweeted it a hundred times dude.
RT : Media Coverage in a Fragmented Media Age - Join us May 25 to hear from our local media experts! ow.ly/4VN8u
your still a twat..
Leaving for Atlanta in week and my hubby already telling me how much he'll miss me...tickles my ears. :D
Occupy corporations on Twitter by trolling.
I've been distant from a lot of people the past week or so, I don't know why..
Today marks the 73rd anniv. of Kristallnacht. CANDLES docent Walter Sommers was in Hamburg that night and witnessed the destruction.
You bet. cheers
Great win tonight Mavs
Today's been a really long day...
I'll look into late next week James.
So this is what my brain feels like with 8 hours of sleep. Day four of complete and total relaxation.
And off to the theater with our capes and gloves!!!
#daleearnhardtjrjr nice sound on #Conan. First time for me.
Thanks! Love the show.
Ugh, I do NOT miss that!
So ready for the Super Bowl so I can watch the giants win already
Hope you're doing well at Ball State my man! -Jared
Good morning world. Off to work
Twitter, the highest rated Soap Opera of the 21st Century.
Major Consumer Brands and Companies are experiencing a "social synapse" when Considering the "Voice of the Employee!"
Birds are chirping in NYC!
Another awful week out of Colston, kid's got T.O. hands. That's not a good thing.
Is this really going to help the LGBT community? It's been known for years anyway...
is it lame that this is actually my favorite class or
i love doctor stalker song espiecally when im getting changed to go out and its blasting, iloveyouuu!!!!!
days like this i just wanna stay in bed!!
follow NOW
I had a moment of creativity...
Just a few spots remain for our Career Fair on 5/16 in #ROC. We can help you fill your open positions!
Thanks Knox! - Joe
At Olivee Garden :D
lol the two days
I love you too :)
im young(:
Looks like the Austin opening of GOD BLESS AMERICA has bumped to May 25th. It airs tonight on HDNet Movies as a "sneak preview"!
I actually think that works best- peer to peer interactions RT : Let them hang out. They will learn anyway.
when I was little I was planning on stealing Prince Eric from Ariel. Until they had a child together. 
He is so good.
hahaa no we have tomorrow to copy it!
no problem! Keep up the hard work in Paris, can't wait to see you back in the league!
Should probably lay off the Patsy Cline during this season without my man.
they 24 hours after my last final which is friday. But I can talk them about staying as long as I need.
I just may be celebrating Easter Sunday exactly the way I dreamed....singing live <3 Amazing Grace <3
Zilla Man killing the mic right now...
Please Post. Please support homelessdogmusic launch Jan 2012
I think Michigan State gots this ( :
Hey, babe- I'm at www.theredcanarychicago.com tomorrow until 11:30 so once again I will miss you there. Keep me posted&xo
what happened :(
I cringe on the outside and tell them to knock that nonsense off. :)
Thanks for the suggestions!
is it y our job to push them out the proverbial closet or be in denial of their sexuality?
My tiny Huddles treat is killing me! Death by frozen yogurt (or the gummy bears & animal crackers are battling)!!
If you want to tell me you love me but text it like "Ily" Don't get mad When I text back like "k" There IS a differnt meaning... JS
Calvin Johnson Field at Detroit Megatron Stadium
Americans generally don't fit in Serie A just because the style is so different. Fast and direct vs. slow and technical.
: sidebar...why/how have u sent 90,000+ tweets?! How?! Lol
Sometimes I really like taking cold showers
"Lincoln’s hallmarks are design, technology and comfort" Mark Fields, President Ford Americas
They just corrected it.
hell yeah
. Thank you! We couldn't do the work we do without the support of our very generous members.
3 career 5-hit games is pretty legit too.
RT : #fact I used to call Brosius "Ferocious Brosius"
at rehearsal at asu picking my butt! Come over here and let's drink!
Time to get this workout rollin with AC-G³
It really does. World Sbk should be awesome this year! Who is your early pick this year?
Coincidentally enough, that was also the last known sighting of 's big boy pants.
Tomorrow starts off an incredible month for me and Interactive. I hope you have a great one too!
Top of the afternoon twitterville!
you have no game
it's going to be epic! Are you attending?
pimping out my myspace now looking hott
WE HAVE 3 WINNERS !!! Thanks every one for my first contest
FOREVER ALONE *trollface*
those pictures from Australia....
#FollowFriday Corpus Christi Peeps!
Craving chocolate? Come get one of our Chocolate Easter Bunnies!
My iPhone is now pink
ohh yeah! Tommy!!
ok ima french kiss it lmaoo!!
you will do NO such thing
lol i would too
Today's new cities on #YouTown: City of Edmonton (AB), City of Gulfport (FL), City of Lynn (MA), City of Maricopa (AZ)
shoulders stiff...now I have to do something about it. Uggh. Turning in.
"We are getting data obese."
Physical Post. I think Dre will be great next year with all this experience already.
Sad. Yeah, I don't even wanna think about food right now.
Got $10? Head to and drink unlimited taps tonight! WOO HOO!
I just love that "fail whale" well maybe just the term :-)
LEAP is only available to U.S. patrons because Bookshare's arrangement with publishers only applies to U.S. copyright laws.
Spring Break was GREAT! How about yours? (: <3
|#quotes The future you see is the future you get.
I got a date with the cheese/tapas buffet later on tonight. Who's with me? Starts at 430! I'll be there from 630-??
Miami! Tomorrow night & & myself are recording a DVD be apart of the live audience, msg me for tix!
It was great meeting Scott, Steve, and everyone else! It was awesome working with you guys!
im so glad alli and cody are home.
It was a fabulous time! RT representin' at #WERCNRC! Great time catching up with in line back to the A!
How Apple's stores turned into a retail juggernaut
This evening, 6-7 pm, Pilates at Chatham Village's Clubhouse, in Mt. Washington.
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity,Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW
It's not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. - Seneca
I am wondering if that opens to the door to patent say a robusto sizing? I wonder if it is just this size of chisel or all?
makes me feel like I should get back into marathon form again like the "old" days.
Thanks Colleen!
Is there any tips u can give me to make it to the college level for bball? i want to get there and make my mom proud.
doing what I can to help others reach their full potential, which includes sometimes just getting out of the way
IF U WANNA B IN ENTERTAINMENT and GET PAID P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS u will work hard but u will not regret it
Wow it looks like its gnna rain:))
Enjoying my Friday night with Mom Adams! When nothing else could help, love lifted me!
RT : tonight! lisa ridgely & the fainting room will appear on 's local/live radio show at 8 p.m.!
Danny Espinosa, ADDICTED TO GLOVE!! Nice scoop to help out Gio..
I'm just trying to live life to the fullest and #FollowMyDreams til the day I day. Shout out to all my peoples here in #Detroit doin it big.
Hello World. I'm back. But not for long.
Listening to creator of Khan academy talk. So cool!
&#9754; Protect your rights
I just heard the OMG Girlz new song & it really dont sound like them ....
9th what grade are you in
Word is Chris Hardwick may be looking at a guest set tonight and tomorrow at Helium!
Cant believe I'm saying this,but I'm actually kinda excited for school today (:
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life. - Buddha
#HowHotIsYourGrandma ... Post it up
Reading 1st G of T book on your indirect suggestion. Can't wait to see the show
im gonna play fruit ninja with myself(; #LOL im a iphone
Brian Sorby/EMC likens storage market today as dinosaurs vs. mamals. sooner or later mamals win because of adaptability ...
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one - John Lennon
Damn this new track is a banger!
RT #chs + needs an experienced lead line chef, full time. Great restaurant + owners.
I had that last summer! Awesome poster.
listening to all day long has made my day infinitely better.
Omg the stress!!
Ugh! Connecticut, why are you so wide?!
HAHAHA follows all members of I fuckin' LOVE that bear.
Tumbled marble gives a European appearance and works well with a range of bathroom materials.
Mad Men and Hunger Games this week? The fanatic in me can't handle it.
Bout to be I the treadmill and only eating salad
Needed a nap and took one. Today is good. : )
can't go wrong with the flank steak!
Attending my first NGS this week! Arriving in Charleston tomorrow afternoon. Looking forward to seeing others there!
i keept my emotions bottled up thats why i can snap so easily !
En route to Fun to be going there while Korean present is in town!
I'm crying
It's time for a James Van Der Beek cameo on Mad Men me thinks.
I thru my hands up in the air sometimes saying ayohhh, im a weirdooooohh
Got my ISRC codes, and BDS info in the email this morning.. BOOM! Album coming SOON!
Too much to do today....so I think I'll be ridiculously perverse and take a nap.
"finders keepers" Bitch Shut The f*** Up And Give Me My Shyt Bck.! Haha
If you're at the Annual Rural Health Conference today, be sure to stop by booth 304 and say hi to our CommunityWorks team!
We have a new server ready - vpn-co34 OpenVPN (SSL) server in London, UK
I can put in a 5 hour shift at the library and still look like a huge pussy compared to
Chill time in prospect park w my old buddy Wes. Love watching the little league games.
So sad for many reasons 1 He was young & talented 2 The world needs artists 3 My students LOVE that song & now we'll assoc. it w/ violence
Woot! MT : Bring Your Own Code day at was a success! Lots of happy researchers ready to compute on Lonestar.
Three more days til I'm Mrs. Smith..#fistpump lol Good Morning Twit Fam!
is going to be god tonight! is performing tonight ;)
Portofino Restaurant In Bermuda With My Pal Guillermo From Guatemala!
When a women is in her ninth month of pregnancy she has 18
Waiting to see Eleanor Friedberger at Black Cat
Nothing like spending time with the family & their mobile devices, eh?
I need something to eat
Thx to the Chamber for today's debate and Ballantyne/Warren for tonight's. Happy 2 be THE voice supporting the Marriage Amend.
Hey Eddie. Thanks for the listen and post. So glad you liked it!!!
Italian ambulance w/ lights & sirens sped by To Rome With Love set; slammed on its brakes, backed up; crew got out and took pics w/ actors.
Why is Friday so far away from Monday, but Monday so close to Friday?
Many thanks, albeit belated, for the Airplane Novel comments. ~ Paul
Iphone it is! Thanks #Tweeps for all the help. You guys are the best :)
I remember seeing that 2 years ago when it first went around and we were in Austria. hilarious...
why is it tht at the hgh schl level, the morning announcements are 90% sports related and no academic success stories? Culture?
Need more sleep!!!!
On my way to the game lets go 49ers!!!
Gonna be an athletic trainer next year!! Yayy.<3 ((:
Saturday Nite's Smoking Sessions is supposed to be HOT this week too....Looking forward to it all...Come chill n smoke w us....
no, did it close?
I disagree on Charlie, I enjoyed it for what it was.
Well Damn but y u stop Fuckin wit me Doe !?!?
My twin still owes me potato wedges !
ur welcome kisses...do u have a oovoo or skype?
Rehearsing for the Nov 30th Bad Bad Baby Shower with the Bad Bad Supergroup. ;)
lunch hour and my co-worker just left for her lunch. why am i alone the busiest time of day? we need a floater.
I might come soon and when we go to London this summer.
I was just thinking that....haha
Our story with a 2014 #Butler target, Sean Sellers ( ) as he talks this season and recruiting.
I appreciate that. Have some fajitas for me too, please. And a Negra Modelo.
Junior's death confirmed a suicide. Waiting to see if family will give permission to study his brain.
#OpeningDay! Who's ready for some baseball?
If you have time this weekend, be sure to visit City Sandwich and order the Pavia.
Swisher Sweet!
well I'm not looking for a big trade.
Wow I go shower and get my shit ready for work and its 10-3 holy crap
lol still love you
GGS to everyone on peaceful jays stream in umvc3.
Ask hundred friends what slut means and they'll tell you it isn't good. Your stance is pathetic.
There are so many students rocking our hair flowers today at Xavier University for #Earth week! THIS CAMPUS is #BLOOMING :D
Live, love, laugh and pass it on! Joy grows when shared!
Hapy Mother's Day as well to my wifey The mother of my child & the love of my life. I love u baby
RT Never a better ending to fake Twitter account than There are only 150 Tweets. Start at bottom & go up.
Game on? Seat open? Is everyone stuck and tilting?
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  14
": God is basic Fact. He must not be thought of as a featureless generality. He is the most concrete thing there is."
Just watched ur performance on The Voice (:
Congratulations, Emily! Excited to have you as part of the program!
It's your call. <3
What we just talked about is not what I call "working it out" :-\
Saturday sunshine
thanks for the RT!
Swaggy With Daya LETS GET IT TRENDING GUYS!
Wait, Billy Bragg licensed his music to flippin' "Love and Other Drugs?" :(
Yo I'm so sore, it's not even funny!
Just finished my Spanish final! Now, I have two study halls
There is no store, but we will have some drums at an Austin drum shop soon! I'll have an update on the site when this happens
Real Estate Investing Techniques-Use time wisely, stick to reachable goals, strategize & be a people person!
BOO. It's Kiara again lolol
Thanks to whose contribution pushed us over 200 policies in the online database
All I want is for everyone to be Happy & Healthy, Peace on Earth, & Joy to the World. But as usual, I'll have to settle for Egg Nog.
hey cuzzo. All is good on my end. Ok, let me know. I have a photo gig Sunday & leave for Chicago on Monday. Gotta pack
An hour and twenty minutes left of this suffering
lol 2 days ago on tv with J. Hud!!! Beating!! I heard u!! Lol
its not my falut i can hear you and Capi!
" Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength." -Frances de Sales
Don't miss Flannagan's annual reading of Molly at Symphony Space's Bloomsday celebration. It's avail online. Yes.~D
Andrew from MWW Designs >>>
I lived in NYC for 3.5 years & never received mail from , as soon as I move back to SF, I end up on their mailing list.
at hershey park?
Much Obliged!
iSmile Only Becuss I'm Hiding The Pain Within <3
you would.
I like how her apology is on the K-State coloring sheet. Just saw that Eric Stonestreet wants to get in touch with her parents.
I'm just trying to be a decent person.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I'm so hungry...! When Is the period over??
Haha he said Chris Griffin
I randomly met 2 dudes with engineering doctorates that work in airline safety. Cell phones aren't dangerous on flights
Smoke something!! Only kush not that other shit!! Lol
Just did. Now what? ;)
Robot hearts!!!
I wanna go to a party
Undernutrition in the womb may increase the risk of disease such as diabetes in adult life.
It's a different between Hood and Evil.
Sitting in the MOC for the Atlas V launch; looks like any other battlestaff...just missing the CNN on the screens! T minus roughly an hour
Reading #netsmart Excellent! Thank you!
What was CJ Watson doing????
thank you so much for following us! :) <3 
Damn shit pops off in class
UAGGGHHHHSDFJSKLF I think I might cry.
trying to layoff on the tacos. Lol.
I was just thinking about that...
How's boxing match?
RT if u love and they r ur life BIG TIME RUSH and if eveywhere u go u see a rusher plz follow
Study Focuses On Mentally Challenged Accused Of Crimes « CBS ...
I don't know what it is, but something about your face makes me wanna plant one in your suck hole.
i want sum chicken !
is there an official statement from DOJ re: recall petitions?
Ah shucks Thanks! How U B?
I think I have a talent for being able to tell which white people would've owned slaves two hundred years ago.
RT : #2 = Adapt to your boss. "4 Surprising Strategies that Get You Promoted" #leadership (New)
Learned a new word for bannanagrams: zaftig which means plump
that's sick man! What band was that with?
Happy Friday the 13th. Make it your lucky day.
has best job in world! Uses technology to improve health of people... with IOM et al Data Initiative Project #TEDMED. Maximize!
ur welcome. thank u
CBS gave away a Denver game at the height of Tebow-mania? Someone's going to get his butt kicked there!
If Mariano Rivera is retiring, I'm requesting a James Hetfield & Metallica live performance from the bullpen in the home finale.
Water keeps you hydrated and helps to curb your appetite until you get something healthy to eat.
Hunan's sesame beef!
yes I do!! Haha
I absolutely love video "Heart Attack", perfect concept, combo with was on point !!! Hotness !!!!
Sometimes i just want to fall asleep & never wake up.
thank you :)
" You've been quoted in my #Storify story "Tweet This SIG!" " No messin' around at Skidmore!
I guess i will cook me something to eat and fix me a good drink.
you bought your tickets? Let me know when you're here, I'd love to catch up!
People STILL be sending those shits!?
believes I'm influencial in Prison.. thanks?
Triple H holding a real belt behind Mayweather. Why Beiber?
Austin bound!
I always have that exact same problem! so upsetting :(
Thats why Kendrick Lamar is so cold, he can rap his ass off and his flow and delivery are on point
That was the most random tonight ever. have a nice Tuesday everyone
If #yahoo patents were critical to #socialnetworking why isn't yahoo successful as #facebook? If #yahoo could have done Facebook they'd be
Ok. I will get on it. Thanks.
Just posted a new "deal". You can either check in or mention this update to receive 20% off any jewelry repair service!
probably the perfect pick. I'd love to! samueldzimmerman at gmail
Awesome-ness is contagious! RT : Thank you for the mention, you are awesome.
Just wondering what poseidon's plans are if San O power never comes back on?
"When I was your age, television was called books"-Princess Bride quotes.
Kateex ! Stole all my ideas ! <3 :) But She is Style one of my best friends !
Wolfman's Brother
Based on Socialcam's angel round, everybody (and I do mean everybody) is a tech investor. Being the Instagram for X has its merits.
Make sure to tune in to News 3 at 10 if you are in #Madison...great story about great finds on our vault!
Who knew you could make a friend at the airport... Haha
Are you on our email list? Visit www.friendsofhowardfootball.org to sign up.
How many ads do you see on the right hand side when you go to pages? I'm seeing 7 right now..
Yay! We'll be flying in next week! :)
Happy #Valentine's Day everyone :)
Love the Anti Power Point Party!!
Had SO much fun! & throw such elegant parties. Excited to work with you all at #MissSantaMonica!
just wanna see ya.. SHAKE THAT! LOL
3 Best Exercises For Your Abs Side Plank-6 reps of 10 seconds Quadruped Opposition - 20 reps each side Crunch 3 sets of abdominal fatigue
Alright, enough is really enough.
Next speaker is , USA Health Policy Reporter
Today KMGH FM 88.9 broadcast my recordings of "Cry Me a River" and "How High the Moon" !! Aloha Harlingen, TX!
0 Visua mobile vodafone wallpapers web youtube
Got projects? Upcoming project photography trips to Chicago, GA, SC, NC, LA, TX, OK, MO. Contact me for a quote.
this is ruining my big island scoop prediction. although i got love for Waimea - that's where lauren's family is all from.
without it twitter is pointless
Never fails I'm having the perfect dream then my alarm wakes me up -_-
I always hear pundits talking about how Cain seems so "Likable" and "Charismatic". But to me he seems stuck up and cold.
(That's Very Important Tweets.)
guess how old loll
Wonder why hasn't invited "Think Like A Man" cast on to promote?
well played.
the good always die young.
Only an idiot (or maybe a moron) would want to discuss that as anything but trash...could not watch pass first 10 minutes..
awww hope for the best! REAC is a client of Sound Investment Audio in Chicago who also does AV for weddings too! Check'em out
I know I keep harassing all of you, but Ill make it all up to you tomorrow at Double Door for the ehLee Entertainment event.
$14 for $30 worth of eye shadow, lip gloss, mascara, nail polish, eyeliner, blush or bronzer.
Fair words fill not the belly.
Well, after explaining that I used her pic to brag about her, she calmed down.
Sweet Baby Blue Swim Trunks...Im at a baseball game and I just screamed like a teenager...Lord have mercy! That man will be the death of me!
Girl I hope you got yo stamina up
Early day of work. Nothing to do which is good cuz i feel lazy
Pleasure chatting at length with ya, man. Please look me up if you ever find yourself in NYC. We'll drag out
"It's raining in San Antonio...Hallelujah!
If I had the power to change the world, I would not use it so that you can get the answer you want to hear.
you have a private/locked account. I can't retweet your posts
I will be talking on #FOX45 tom. morning at 9:45am about how "Anyone Can Be an #Actor or #Model." Please check it out & tell your friends!
I am good.. what about you?
Phone problems are fixed! Apparently the battery was swelling (?!) so that was causing it to shut off randomly...
Hova. RT : 'If you like it then you should have put a pin on it.' Said here first.
Can this summer be like last please? Starting this Saturday?
Absolutely not!
Would appreciate it if would stop braggin bout the concert and making me jealous!! Thank you :)
What are you doing on this lovely holiday weekend?
Advertising execs?!?! Always about the money.... ;)
if u follow me we could direct message
#ificouldiwould sleep all day.
agreed - there is still a solid satisfaction in handing over a stack of coupons to the cashier!
Exactly. The Crazies.
& how did that end up 2 him kissin u
Brewer Game tonight. Hoping they actually show up to play!
Mr. just proclaimed war vs. #teammongoloid. He said we're gonna be sleeping in the hallway tonight.
Great webinar today with Mike from hosted by Thanks guys!
Don't judge me when Lil Wayne got a dick on his forehead
Blunts and bongs >
Yeah... with vodka!
you deserve everything Austin. You've come so far & worked for every ounce of it. I'm proud to call you my idol.
I've been checking out a lot of new music lately but nothing is really capturing me. Everything sounds old and faded.
aww thank you dear! It was our pleasure : )
sorry to hear that :/ I hope I do, there's no way I can miss All Time Low :P
Same here! RT : I've never read any science fiction and think I might try it. Suggestions are welcome.
At party. So far, it's basically the media
I'm tired of this rain and wind, but I said it like Samuel L. Jackson.
I wonder if 640 million people will win a dollar tonight
but if he does sign to good music, pusha t gonna need a new home.
Cool fact. RT : 2,000 electric vehicles to hit #SanDiego streets this year alone; 10% of the 20,000 Nissan Leafs ordered by San Diegans
Good morning.
Last quarter of high school...holy shit
I think the business is too overwhelming to some folks. No restrictions on what we can put up really.
ya girll... im doing the activites now. ugh
You are very welcome! :)
Please call dalton and tell him to call the mod office and tell one of them to wakeup -___________-
I think I love my mr.wrong
National Geographic-/Inside Outlaw Bikers -Hell's Angels Documentary Part 1 of 5 [HQ]
And there was much rejoicing!
Enjoying the first of a few days off from work. Much needed time at home on the farm and God has blessed me with a beautiful day!
hardest thing about the holidays is: RomanZolanski_
Passed out at 7:30 last night surrounded by casebooks, highlighters, and outlines. Definitely time for
Saturday note - don't ever give up on your dreams. Let your desire burn strong! Hope your wknd is fab!
You Tube - the best education source in the world.
Can't wait for the Enrique halftime show on Thursday!
We have not tweeted in forever! That changes today!
"I close my eyes but I can see questions circling. How do I realize the dreams you sparked in me?"
Who inspires you the most and why?
your welcome
The world uses a tanker of gas every 13 minutes
RT : Now would be a bad time to reboot the social media monitoring servers, wouldn't it?
so enjoyed newyorkunderground radio! they really showed me love and they played my tracks stop by fridays and tuesdays
Guys ethans awesome!:)
Getting ready for summer vacation? Show your love of the 'Burgh wherever you go with our quality tees.
You guys earned it!
Pardon our mess while we begin setup for our next special show inside the conservatory!
Dudes name is Marian?
Just so you guys know (in case you care) Target is not open on Easter. But I can't take the shift bc MAGNETIC FIELDS CONCERT YES YES.
#Comicon a life of science headed is headed to Columbus for our first Comicon also we will be playing on Saturday!!!!!
Perhaps Ms Larimore should read the article she is referencing. That was a sloppy review and missed the mark.
Test Game – Please Ignore
It pays off to keep in touch with friends near and far. I am incredibly lucky to have such amazing people in my life.
So fired Shyam Das? Only shocked by that it took them this long. Unbelievably petty response. Das ruled as he had to based on facts.
we're all just people trynna' make it through life. & we don't need your bitchy attitude to do it.
when the ladies were fighting and the opera singing was hilarious! Last night was funniest by far!
Now what am I gonna watch Monday nights...
My 18 WP installs happy as clams. I'm pretty rigorous about maintenance. The oldest are 8 years old! Only one site ever hacked.
Children in elementary are playing a new game called Rape-Tag (like freeze tag, but they do hip thrusts).
uhm me? idgaf if you want to or not
Indeed...which makes tonight's decision all the more headscratching.
You're more than a lover There could never be another To make me feel the way you do
Wasn't saying the travel was crazy. Sheesh. Just think it's crazy they still have a shot at home-ice advantage.
I say Democrats should be the working class unless you have Independents like Bernie Sanders,and I don't like Joe Lieberman.
Free wifi at the MCC during #ala11. But will it work? That's the question.
yes!!! Omg, that would be so much fun!
Congrats to DBV for winning the non-profit altar contest!
Probably WR (players like Jenkins and Adams could provide downfield threat) but it's a tough question.
So happy to be finally done with all my classes! xD
I'll go with u Chris and drive us :)
With my childhood friend Carla
In November 1682 complained to Fort Oranje Court that he was called an "old, dubious, rascal."
Borgman: Google searches are optimized to find the best consumer projects not to find the best research
Oh and please eat several beignets for moi.
Go !!!!! RT: Paul Casey joins McIlroy at 14 under. They trail leader Fredrik Jacobson by three shots.
Thanks to everyone who came to my talk at today. Was great to see so many people there.
Reading your blog "My First Day at School" is fun! It really made me reminisce my school days! #verygoodcomposition :-)
Ahh I wish. It is looking like August now. Things are super busy. How are you? I miss you all!
specifically, firefox on my PC . Have seen the same problem in chrome as well more frequently lately. Haven't tested on a mac yet.
In Charlotte NC viewing #slnolsummit webcast! Hi to & all!
lol it sounds weird like that
#sdusd board getting pretty sobering presentation on the process of state takeover in the event they can't balance the district's budget
I need your love to pull me up- i can't swim on my own- it's to much <3 - ily big dylan & Dalton. (:
#cody what's the craziest thing a fan has done on tour? (;
glad to see you are still doing your civic duty.
woaah I'm not a bitch! Haha and I wasn't. Duncan retweeted it. It's kinds cool to see my fb status go viral over twitter
Chandler man shoots aggressive dog to save his own Chandler police said the man was forced to shoot an American Bulldog that attacked his
Art Directors Guild ‏ | Let us know what you think of the production design in The Avengers! #ADG RT ( #Awesomesauce )
now she wana photo, you already know tho, you only live once that's that motto yolo
Bed is calling, but so is one more episode of Game of Thrones.
I'm more offended by that jacket!
I nearly sprayed my monitors with a mouthful of coffee re: that last tweet. Good one.
Glad that Charles Scott and PCOG team are OK in Joplin--let us join in praying for all those devastated by this storm.
I hate how Sportscenter talks about Amare's hand for 30 min and the entire NHL playoffs for 30 seconds
Santonio can you see this turning into a QB controversy? "No. No I don't." insists Sanchez is the starter.
anonymus D: ok no e.e
Customer service can't find you in the system. Pls DM me with email address or case # or full name.
More cold weather to come. Sale continues on fall and winter merchandise.
It crazy how that one text can change the feelings you have for that person. . . .
It's madness, love! Broken windows at Niketown, the courthouse and American Apparel. Fires being set, rioting...
I like it moved here in 2006...how is Cali?
#WaysToBeginSex Argue first!
"You have but one choice... the ring must be destroyed." All his lines in that scene could be the scene-button. All of em.
Win tickets to our midnight showing of The Hunger Games at Baxter 8 Theater's coming up with the Interactive 8 at 8!
because I am totally against that...
My partner is my wonderful husband... been married 29½ years. :) He loves it when I cook
take yo wife... give her back... 9 months after that... SIMILAC!!!
hey.... at least i tried ;) and it was more truthful ;D maybe even an understatement
New icon everybody!!!!
The Roots may be the most consistent artist in hip hop. They do not drop bad music.
mind your P's and Q's if you expect to get
It's spring!! My favourite season of the year, let the sun rise!! Xx
When you've got your breath inside your hands, everyday's a second chance
u home today?
can we get a shout out for an amazing singer/songwriter, #levilowrey? It would mean so much to me =)
Accepted. Email me deets () or message me here!
RT You can help us save kids before they up the doses. Looking for some role models and stars. No judgments. All good PR
For life? hahahah :D
He said if I want em "2 take care of me". I said "no cus my whole body hurts. An I don't want u 2 get it"
I hear ya, bought to start my next chapter :) let's catch up soon!
cool im 16. Im marie u?
I caught on to that ;))
I'll talk to the boss. He's a hardass tho
I'm falling to pieces.
Thanks for raising a nerd boy that traveled the world and made a few people's world a little better. You are a great woman.
NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg isn't a Democrat.
I hear you lol! It's just the way weekends are made of
actually "Til the break of dawn!" *drops * xD
A 70+ degree weekend in Seattle feels like Christmas to me. Makes sense!
MVP: Phillip Rivers, (Superbowl and The Whole NFL.) Offensive man: Phillip Rivers, Defensive man: Vince Wilfork.
I had a raw kale and collard salad last night.
Re: Vince Young. Seems that way. RT : If it happened you gotta think we'd have heard it by now
Thanks for the tip about Utah beers. You are right, there are some great choices. My fave - Polygamy Porter.
": -- the Thai wrap is addictive. Mostly due to the amazing in my peanut" you all rock!
Argh, too much good stuff at #ASJA ! missing online markets w to hear food/nutrition editors including
OPEN MIC WITH MIKE MOLINARO AT 9PM 's Tavern! Check out our .com for more of tonight's specials events this weekend!
aye movies tonight!!!
got hw, bye
Thanks again to the Milwaukee Pizza Tour! It was a crazy night but we live having you!!!
I wish someday that it would be possible to claim all of the student loan interest and not just 2500$ cap on the federal form!
Thanks for the follow !
Some mistakes are too much fun to make only once.
Woo I got told my hair is getting long today :D this makes me happy..
I should have new profile pic(:
The primary property of intuitive design is clear focus. -
I feel bad that wagner has to read this piece of shit.. actually I dont feel bad, not at all.
why is she a nightmare?
Harriet Fulbright College offers an versatile array of exciting classes including our ESL for Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing students
A bit of a mess in the bottom of the eighth. Crim and Plesac combine to allow one run on two hits, an error and a walk. 10-8 Brewers.
Absolutely! Throw them a curve! and a left and a right! Keep 'em confused but not so much that they forget to feed us. :o)
What was the lick?
I then went and sobbed quietly in a corner... then had more ice cream
good point. It is the devils, after all
Letss get drunk
OmG HAHAHAHA i love stephanie!!
Watching tha Heat game
I love cheap nail polish. Why? Because it is cheap and it is nail polish.
thinly slice sweet potato, sprinkle salt / touch of olive oil, broil in oven til crisp but not burned
Always fun to stand helplessly with your colleagues while golf ball sized hail pounds your cars.
the usual Monday with
No doubt!
How you feel on the inside reflects how you look on the outside and vise versa.
Session done! Great class too -- although sitting thru a 30 min. summary of library services must feels like speed-eating a bowl of pasta.
Romans, notorious party animals wore wreaths of CELERY stalk to protect them from hangovers,which may explain celery sticks in Bloody Marys.
No Liquor 4 me 2nite! I'm gonna keep it plain n simple with ... Uumm ... Uhra uumm ... Yeah, I'll probably drink Liquor 2nite :-)
Thanks for the follow
nice one! keep up the good work.
to be honest, I barely ever read him anymore he could have changed it I wouldn't even know.
What sort of work would you be looking for? Have a friend who just moved back to Boston from Chi, she may have some ideas!
Training instructor has a line of 4 red bulls and a Starbucks espresso drink, said it's his job to be strung out for training
Great time catching up with this afternoon! Coulda spent the rest of the day hanging and chatting.
Where'd yah get them from?
New rule: If you start the email with "I hope you've been well," I will delete it without reading it.
You can't feel good about yourself when your making someone else feel bad. (life class with OWN last night!)
Hey I'm Jocelyn from DESA in 6 grade and let me tell you ,that day you came was fun and sum of us fell in love with poetry
Today we mark the one and only time in history that a completely innocent man died. And thank God he did, voluntarily.
I love the idea of a bulletin board. Looking forward to seeing how you use it!
well u can't, but play hard or hardly work, hahaha
I still cant get over when Devin said "Ah! I forgot my cigarettes!" i was dying laughing. Boy SIT tf down somewhere. He's a Unk !
omw to chill with my bestie . Where you work again ?
if you were LA local radio guy, how would you handle Artest talkers today?
Did you go to Cornel West? I was sick. :(
RT A big "Thank you" for #follow You can also #follow me Thanks again
you're doing a fanfic? :)
Surely watching Downton Abbey will help me finish this homework, right? Right?
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
Haha I take that as a huge compliment - Samantha was my fave & am very thankful I don't look like Will Ferrell :)
“: Since 1945 , the United States has attempted to overthrow more than 50 foreign governments.”
Strawberry daiquiris...🍓
if you want me to follow back tell your friends to follow me so i can get off of this following limit its irritating me ugh!
Lil Boys Who Aint Grown Yet..
where r u
I got beats for you!
this place just went bananas
Worried that #Santorum will take this thing. Libs forget that a religious conservative can rally millions of people who don't believe in TV.
": Idk what I would do w/o my dad."
going to bed soon. Good Night x
Thought for the Day - "You can’t build a reputation on what you’re going to do." - Henry Ford
Hair, like Gia's.
wow friend! i love your picture! lets go
do you have any work I could see?
Random acts of kindness to your neighbor = service = love = a better world to live in.
Working out every morning has been great, but do you find yourself hungry all day? Raw almonds n lots of water seem to help.
knock em dead! :)
Hot yoga soon-- it is a real ass-kicking but totally worth it. More men should do it.
Yes--Crown was years ago! Hope you're doing well--looks like you're busy w/ good writing gigs!
Learn from your mistakes and move forward! Bring your dreams into reality through action steps. Take steps daily to manifest your dreams!
“: Pay attention to them niggaz That you cool with & keep yo eyes on dem bitches that you claim you threw with”
If shes buying Ill take mine delivered to Mass & AlabamaRT : I'd it's a coworker then they are buying!
RT in Galveston Hooters, the balinese room and murdoch are gone. All piers on Seawall are gone, except flagship and 91st street
True story. “: When someone loves you, they don't always have to say it. You can always know it by the way they treat you.”
Would be nice to get some late night turkey dick
Portland traffic... :-/
When are you building that list management app? Building a new list SUCKS!
I have a client that needs pr and promotional help here in ny. Steve
mayne bout to start this cafe mom and im a dude lol
Hello VA! Its a beautiful day...
nice... Welcome back!
they definitely are
I am wise and #confident in all matters. I approve of myself 100%. I ask for help when I need it. I believe in myself.
Ever run sound & your out of 9 volt batteries for the wireless, so gather your old batteries & friends manually juice check them, sound fun?
Nothing puts me in a better mood than getting ready for the day with 's album blasting through my speakers.
I'm beautiful now that I'm with you <3 ( ü )
Sprint investigating reports of slow iPhone 4S data speeds Sprint Nextel ( NYSE:S ) is investigating reports that some Apple ( NASDAQ:AAP
I'm down with pasta here too. Just let me know.
Being a kid with a lot of money beats a broke ass adult any day
Growth as a professional= input Data in front of a computer for about 10hrs. I do it all for the kids! Children are our future.
Via We just finished up our Free Black Spectacles day at the University of Illinois at Chicago....
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen my mom to walk :)
I hate fags
I'll be hanging about on Twitter tonight from 7 to 730 ET to answer any questions from Accent Instructors re www.800-language.com workshops.
not good at all for the C's
What great praise - thank you! RT : Doing the most for our youth-Proud the PDX community benefits from your work!
Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand.
it's one of the best gifts he ever gave.
With game 1 officially over WMP is escorted by Police back to the hotel!
Need a new phone; iphone, galaxy etc.... Gotta decide
Spurs all about "we" not "me"
Me: Mom, can I buy this? Mom: No. Me: I have my own money though. Mom: No.
Thx & Happy Hump Day to u too!!
Al-Marzooq: not a single senior member of govt brought to justice
tapin out ugh
likewise. Where have you been?
does it involve a snuggie and a cup of milk
k see ya later!!! Lol bye
It's most important, that you're ok. #perspective man I hate these car things...... sorry :(
conducting research w/all partners to find out abt circ, costs, and sustainability for all parties
Back to the real world
We're almost there! We've got waterproofed iphones kicking around the office, we're just not quite full scale ready yet.
I wanna go to zuma
I'm quickly realizing there is a thing as "too much coffee" - don't mind me, just can't stop shaking & having minor heart palpitations
I might hang out with Jakob tomorrow haha
#Wiunion #Wisconsin The power the wealthy collect is self destruction; a business can't stand without demand. We, the people, are the union.
i got caught up with finals but ima send over an email this week with some tunes attached to see if you like any
I fuckin love avengers! :) "im always angry"
at least you wont get tasered if you mix bacon and cobbler.
Thank You <3 Then it's still my b-day over there then hehe
thanks for the follow girl!
#ICANN & IP: 1-sided misinformation, tortured metaphors, half-truths, grand-standing, rhetoric, threats - it must be congressional testimony
I'll be checking out and tomorrow due to the meetup plug by
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Kid Ink What I Do
thanks, little buddy.
that's me(;
Has anyone used member.ly?
(cont) for 2 minutes. He gets 20 tries.
The fact I get a 68% on a yet and my grade goes up 5% . >>>>
Quote: "I liked that title. I didn't want to lose it, but if I had to, I'm glad I lost to you. You're gonna be a champ." —Jersey Joe Walcott
If your about something and you have a love for music support the movement and
stepping out of the serato control vinyl realm?
And 'frisco' and 'Cali' RT Dear guy who says "Cap Hill," "San Fran," and "Philly" in one sentence-are you THAT busy?
Stick to writing and let the front office and coaching staff do their job. Damn we all miss Bernardo Fallas
What's an elevator pitch
Bingo Players tonight ! Steve Aoki killed it as USUAL!! Don't miss out on one epic night!
Life's like an hourglass glued to the table.
my bro gets in from nicaragua tonight! can't wait to see him. and neither can the pups.
you suck -_-
lmao im sure she wont care shes got millions of guys out there after her oh nd u. I would pik u over JB ANYY DAY F that kid lol
cats turtles irishness mirrors carrots
Had a great time now we're 's with all the...Bruins fans wah wah. Soprano gonna take your forward any day
My Father had a profound influence on me. He was a lunatic.
WOW. Sucks. Brenton won't take you guys?
Finally seeing the avengers!
The Indians and Jays are scoreless heading into the bottom of the 4th
hey.iwanna see your hair?dm me!!
I did not want to get up this morning... it is cloudy and raining. I think I need extra coffee :-)
fun stuff coming up the rest of the week!
Why have we not heard about this before now???
SEAHAWKS will b in some high-scoring affairs this season - HOUSH arrival coupled lame backfield & aging "D" means it's time for
I be Tumbln like a muthafucka
Hahha RT : wow...once again steve blake is demonstrating his inability to guard ANYONE....
Working tonight cuz prom is gonna make me broke
i aint seen dis movie in years i loove love love carlitoss way so im out
I pretend to like 80% of the people I know
Rameriz his second hit today. I think his average might be above .100 now.
Very excited to catch up with the old #BSU PR Crew over sushi and drinks tonight! Good eats, good times and most importantly, good friends.
Its stuck in my head...And no I am not kidding about the money.
Thanks for following buddy!
“: So I downloaded #FCPX wow, this might take some getting used to. Interesting.” havent even bothered
If I ran the ball 10 times against a pro defense I'd have the ball stripped probably 9 times.
I Followed Her Already!(:
I can't wait to get married ^_^
They say patience is a virtue. I'm driving myself crazy in waiting.
Let's be honest, I'll be singing "one percent reason you'll remember oUR name" all day long... I may even break out into dance.
Possibly. I'll wait a couple days. But remember, I was overcharged *twice*. I have one credit showing up.
Is anyone else super crazy curious about their future? I know I am!
good luck with Duke today though - have fun with that ;)
Products sound gr8! Want to learn more... do u offer samples to try out?
“: At Axum supporting and Come out and support!” great hanging man!!
My wife is laughing her ass off at a video of horse dressage (dancing). This is why we get along so well.
starting from the beginnig though so I hope to catch up in the next couple of months or so! Listen to one/two a day.
Thanks. I've tried some of those, but it's just not the same. Sigh.
Big show fired?
I wouldn't mind if you were one of the 72 Virginians either.
Hello my people!!
Well of course!! Best of luck to you and everyone on rehearsal and shows! :)
That's awesome! I didn't know he was a good guy!
Seeing that I got a text and get excited because I think it's from you & it's from someone else :(
Anyone know how the snow is these days at Whistler?
lol when I said home, I meant Dallas. Won't be in the Chi till July.
#vpearl6 how best to gather a range of people to throw their support behind a common effort? This can drive a new appreciation of our world
So I found out can come to parties but I wonder if you can pay extra for to come too :)
She likes to play around.
Now That Was A Stupid Question...
so when u going to give me a taste!?")
Downloaded the Minecraft trial. I'll give it a chance.
What are you behind on, maybe I can fill you in
get off my QB!
www.meetup.com/lunch-in-lodo Join us for Lunch this Friday at Samba Room- Great Networking!!!
#NowPlaying Your Favorite Hero – Killer On the Lower East Side
RT : Did I just read that Simon Borg -------- Spurs are not as high up on pecking order of world football as you might think.
I love Chipolte, even if I can't spell it rite LOL
Sunday Gravy has never been better specially with four pairs of fake titties to help out with the ambience
RT : 'If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.' -Woody Allen
Prenatal tests are medical services that saves the life of mom &baby not a moral aptitude test.
dropped at the job and went to the bank, now off to sort and wash laundry... another productive monday :)))
C:\Users\Cathy\Documents\Cornerstone\Website\Doc1.mht
When do I get those Twinkies? I have only been waiting since like 3rd grade...
Oh man. I just had the best best best super-secret idea.
Very successful day :)
Think of the qualities of your best teacher? Your worst teacher?
Restrooms available RT : Going to hear Nathan Englander and Etgar Keret speak at #DCJCC, may pee myself from excitement
your size in_____?
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up
New co-op missions every week or two ... like a TV show you play. It's not DLC. It doesn't cost anything.
Text from the President: "John Travolta is here....very...VERY excited about my announcement on gay marriage....VERY...excited..."
this man has to have the hairiest hands in the midwest.
my day just got ten times bettterrrrr(:
Pierce doing his best "Bruce Banner gets Angry" impression.
haha, i woke up from my name just in time for SWAC. xD
my girl asked me what would I change about her if I could change one thing. I said "I'd change her into J Lo" and she got mad!
Kendrick Lamar is one of the dopest rappers out. Perfect blend of intelligent rhymes and style. Most rappers are one or the other.
follow back please ?:)
First Kick! KSMO! Now!
lol RT RT “: We're experiencing technical issues. Thanks for your patience!” <-- zuckerberg's takeover!! 👎
Alien invaders in the intestines!
Whats Up with Tiger Woods? Follow me. Why struggling w/consistency? Check for my blog before Tiger tees off on Saturday!
Jon Bones Jones!!!!
#21stME is twenty first century museum education.
oh gosh o.o lol
send you an email about it w a URL for a sneak preview...
perfect timing right when i get back from kansas lol ask ur mommy if u can come visit me!
Been craving Maggiano's for like 2 months now... It's time.
Such a wonderful time with Hebron Church this morning in Pittsburgh! Thank you so much for having me - loved being with you. :)
Haha uh oh
Hi Sandra, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Silent Prayer
Maybe playing FarmVille all day and giving back your stock options isn't all that appealing after all?
Time for schooll
You should follow if you know your own name
I'm gonna come by to grab those dvds if ya got em
Mixtape title ideas: 'Berna Fide Pro' 'Turn Up: Drunk in the AM' and an r&b title for the ladies: 'Feel the Bern'
even worst lol and yeah family is good guess won't be bad then...but powerful connections oh la la
it's supposed to smell like apples ;o
“: Now joined to a gym #Teamfitness Hehe” do work
Can't wait to get back to Austin to see !!
Heading 2 Lawrence, with the boy to kick off the Futbol season. Tourney starts @ 8 am Saturday.
That was a super great message this morning!
: just one of the great lines in that movie!
I hope tomorrow is as pretty as it is today!
“There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.” – Peaceful Warrior
RT : I can't move.
I don't get it
hey!!!! Is hilarious, why don't you be yourself and say
Thanks to the CLA, Budget Committee has an additional $16M to work with. Time to talk about layoffs?
Now you can be catchin feelings baby cause were goin steady.(:
At Ruby Tuesday ^.^
hey babe how r u ? Will be there soon.. Just got back from Holland and now in vegas..
Now a days. I love you means nothing. It's over said. Smh
if I am not mistaken that came from lion kimbros notebook! Cool
Boys like you love me forever.
It was great meeting you and RaeAnn tonight I am already putting my FB tips to good use
"If the people remain right, your public men can never betray you." #quote From "Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches," p. 55.
good morning <3
Difficult, almost impossible, to win when you are missing support.
Gross! I'll pass.
Early literacy: if there's a big mess, a lot of learning was going on
Good start, lets hope the American people are smart enough to give you a chance to do more
"I know why the caged bird smokes"
"Arenas: No. People come up to me and have a conversation with me, especially at the YMCA, where I do spin class in the mornings."
RT : Just heard someone AGAIN say "#WCM & #Portals are starting to converge". Really?! Um, this trend started 10 yrs ago.
With the uncertainty about the future of small businesses and what the government will do next, it takes hard work, and a success...
Cat Fact: Sir Isaac Newton, not only theorized the principles of gravity, he also invented the cat door
Hahahahaha gotcha! Love you too!:)
Signed with new agent. Good day.
fingers crossed she sticks to puppies and doesn't have children!
do people still use to plan their travel these days?
Its shameful how many tweeters don't realize the POSITIVE impact Planned Parenthood has for women who need it for healthcare
or I should say is flying by lol
when someone asks to take your work home to copy, then they lose it. omg. you're never copying me ever again. K!!!
The pregame drinking for #Buzzcation has begun
Honey <3 I'll tweet u soon cause I'll be offline these days :(( <3
Talking with simone presents inc from atlanta cheers amy
Awesome round for
got em. keep the change.
OMG, the women coming into the Marina Del Rey Starbucks are AWEsome. You'd think there was a model convention nearby.
I challenge you to be dreamers; I challenge you to be doers and let us make the greatest place in the world even better
whatever makes you happy...you win:/
I love you, Justin !
How do vampire football players get the mud off? They all get in the bat-tub.
marathon!!! yeah <3
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! Audrey Hepburn
Welcome to Twitter, !
Hard rock cafe Hollywood
Those who can't forget are worse off than those who can't remember
oh tweet him and say check ur DM's
who's the culprit LIRR or NJT
Hey! A democrat won an election! Isn't this the first time since like... 2008?
As told me a few years ago....keep it classy 24/7. Aiming for 1% improvement in all aspects of life everyday.
Hey everyone(:
Hooray! We can't WAIT!
Hope that everyone is enjoying this Thanksgiving day! Take a moment to reflect on for what you are thankful.
in Pass conference at orange county. Douglas Barrett rocks! Agile data warehousing with parallel SQL support
Tonight! Earplane : LATIN - BRAZILIAN JAZZ 8:00PM Peter Kienle - Guitar, Tom Clark - Sax, Neil Heidler - Bass, Lawrence Clark - Drums
I just want to say I love warm weather because these ladies be looking good:-)
Bill, why do you tempt us with lizard links? why? share!
good night :)
Just saw the Traber Mazzio's commercial. I'm confused. The goal for advertisements is to sell products, right?
That was too much Nicki!
I think I'm stuck in the past.
But yeah the weekend you come, I'm back on my club flow.. Let me know when to start collecting bottles
Bright Eyes can get me through any kind of day
If a guy ever tried to control me he would never see the light of day again
If you were a radio personality... What would you name your show, & what type of music you'd play, join our FB convo at on.fb.me/w496Q2
This beautiful weather calls for drinks and !!! Come down to the #firestonedistrict for Sunday funday!!!
“: One way to increase your chances of a goodnight kiss: Getting your date home without a drunk-driving crash. #ThingsWomenWant” Bravo!
“: It's never an easy win you know never a smear lol” // ;D
Praying so hard that my grade turn into a c in math ugh
you know that's right! Cohen had a VERY rough early evening:(
I am so happy that Cory came to support my team and i at our last home game of the varsity bball season :)
I saw him today...and his legs >w<
I want a cotton candy machine! :D 💚
I'm homeschooled now cause kids were being really rude and immature
I'd never let you go
The International Calls are coming in form around the world. Singapore, United Kingdom, Argentina, Bahamas, Chile, Costa Rica, Brazil,
rule of thumb...if you've been to an iteen foam party within the past year, odds are you aren't prepared to raise a child
Would you be interested in attending and Oscars Party if we had one at The Spot?
Excited about book award announcements coming up: NBCC nominees tonight and Newbery, Caldecott awards Monday a.m.
Visited Rockman exhibit last week. Loved his 'Evolution' mural!
the enforcement tactics are creating not only impoverished fathers, but creating poor minority children with negative ROI.WHY?
Hello Mel!
When you sang "It was 94 and you had to change your ways" In #TurnToYou My mom and I began to cry #1994 is my birthyear! 😭💜
Drop #2...r u f in serious
My feet are swollen :(
Can't wait to show off our designers' creations at 's Art In Bloom this weekend!!
On that note. . .how the hell does one make coffee tastes like cigarettes???
Though my blood runs cold to think on it, if it be my destiny, I will rent a Zipcar and drive to Newton. For the good of the archives.
wow u happy
With Freese sitting 2-0 and runners at corners with 0 outs, I think we all knew the game would end that way.
Less than a week away from Hollywood Alley, great local bands and cheap beer, you can't go wrong, see you Saturday!
Fancy grilled cheese just got fancier as adds toastabags to their delivery service to keep your sammies nice & toasty!
"and I don't like it...read why" Not a very well thought out schedule. Conference championships 3 days after semis end is nuts.
If uses 'gamechanger' in reference to any more of his tweets, he is disqualified.
You can now follow Rock Snubs on Twitter! Follow user
Smart stuff: RT : "You can't get ahead of anyone if you're always trying to get even with them."
Daylight Saving time is like telling someone "you would be taller if you cut your head off and stood on it"
Good shii RT : Watching "How I made my millions" on cnbc... Interesting
golf tourney. Brought my giant toothbrush for a putter.
You can follow the tweets of our awesome tour developer, guide, and unofficial historian, TOM DAVIS, here:
are going to take down the today
Feral cats are responsible for about 82% of kittens born in the U.S. annually, putting great strain on the shelter system.
#Pens have been down is series 3-1 before & come back to win, but they never got to the point of down 3-1 by losing the 1st 3 games & won.
that photo of & is so precious! <333
Damn babe drop her phone in some water all bad
Looking forward to the Sacramento Archives Crawl today. Our first stop will be at the Sacramento Room at
I was either spammed or last night I was going through my Nature Boy Ric Flair moments
Not at Microsoft anymore, at a startup company called WebServius (API management infrastruct. as a service), it's still very small
Reply: omg iloveyoujustinn!
BOUNCE BOUNCE So and are frakkin' rockstars Demo of archive server up and working launchpad.net/citability
So annoyed.
I need coffee. Ten minutes til there's a pumpkin spiced latte in my hands
we can guess, Josh, but u gotta admit that Glantz's BB A7 was not one of his better plays vs Phil given raise size & stcks, etc
Picnic lunch at Crissy Field w family and friends today. Pretty nice way to break up the work day!
Happy New Year. Bye 2011.. welcome 2012
Directioner: i finally got 1D tickets maybe niall will see me!! *excited* Me: Bitch please hes mine!! :)
Ashleigh Ashton, Wednesday Knight & Kaleigh Wood make their sister act debut tonight at the wine studio!
In other news, Kerry Wood has an ERA of 14.54.
but he is old and married!
Oh what a lucky man he was!
they won't call me back either!! I texted you!!! :) <3
U haha why not?
Having second thoughts about telling you how I feel..
ohh that's depending on who you're talking to... and wether or not they've got a gf or significant other. :P
U know what im gonna do to get more women followers ima just put a famous person's abs on my main picture maybe its a good idea or bad idea
email sent! [heart]
The official studio for is expected to open July 2011.
I really loved CODE NAME VERITY by Elizabeth Wein - WWII 2 young women who work for the British cause, one captured by Nazis
I'm up packing for the 81th Anniversary Conference in Columbia, SC.
eat some cheese! :)
#ff to our awesome partners for tonight's #Unblurred:
It was ugly. A win is always a good thing #gobrewers Nice job!
good job; you're making me feel lazy, man!
How do you feel about comments made about ? That as a SAHM she has "actually never worked a day in her life".
We're so excited! It's going to be a fun night. (and weekend) Wish you could be here.
isn't iceland in financial ruin right now? Perhaps that is the best time to go....
Never let your "enemy" make your policy choices.
i refuse to complain about the blazing, sweltering, smothering, soul-destroying heat.
See you this Wednesday at 'Voices: Perspectives of Women in Medicine' from 12-1PM at the Biomed research commons
LMAO! “: Saturday is a great day for running errands & recording in a little book all the people who pissed you off this week.”
People don't change, they just become a clearer version of who they really are.
XD thanks for the support you are the reason why i draw :)
RT City of #ABQ Thank u for using 311 We appreciate your tweets and are here for all your city government requests and concerns.
I also still find the irony that Joey fatone's name is "fat one", AND I feel bad for the guy w/the deep voice in Boyz to Men. He only talks
Gerrymandering is legal & encouraged by law but it is one of the most undemocratic notions ever invented.
I could pull it off probably
That was YOU??? I told my kid to do it. I thought that was a good-nasty look, though, not bad-nasty. ;)
In such a bad mood that I feel like punching the next person that talks to me!
I love
RT : Dear , I promise to get drunk at your wedding and fall in the cake.
Always. More. Sergio!
's first Women in Business Conference is today + speaker series with #LauraEvans! It's going to be a great day, we hope to see you!
Just casually met the guy who plays Peter Pan at Disneyworld when I was out walking the dog...
RT if you love this guy that lived in San Antonio, TX, but now lives in Miami, FL.<3
you entering!? I'm jealous!
Have you liked This Restaurant yet? $150,000.00 makeover to the winning restaurant.
you are welcome!! Follow me please!! I watched #boyfriend 25 times i am really
Ok, I'm clowning now but seriously Chicago is that deal. I love her dearly and I promise to never do her wrong. She's been too good to me
I don't know why it didn't occur to me that you would be there! Duh
#GiveObamaCreditFor... paying off hookers in Latin America AFTER they went to the news media.
Thinking Rinaldo probably is in the press box next game
SAVE THE DATE: April 17 Luncheon. Jay Friedman, author of 30 Days to Digital Media Expertise will discuss "Doing Digital Media Right."
naw....gave it to ur mom a month or so ago 85.00 dollars NEPHEW
Why don't people "get" that closing loopholes will generate more revenue... just like raising taxes?
It hurts saying these things because you think you'll get hurt but it's just hurting....
Saturday is the sneakpeak just4 ! U have2 follow Buggy 4the next taste! We r officially on the streets this summer!
My fancy pants shoes are evil!
. How many innocents have been put to death? BAN THE DEATH PENALTY! The system is NOT perfect!
Braden holtby is the best goalie in the playoffs right now
Can't wait to take my medicine!! In the mean time handling this bipolar fever >__<
was Rachel around? ;) lol
nun laying in my bed ,txtin friends trying to go places and watchin bad girls
you are amazing Samuel <3
will be announcing the postcard contest winner soon!
haley freaking baker . ( ;
I sent a hologram of myself to work today. Hopefully no one saw through my deception.
I swear my short-term memory is entirely trained to remember what I control-C'd twenty minutes ago.
safe travels luv. See you soon.
Damn we watching all the good movies tonight.
lol!! Yeah normally I would, but I have a BUSY morning!
And it's all I've ever known. When I'm in Washington, I'm at a loss. Usually friend(s) do that for me.
cant wait for torr beating that ass
“: Wicked spot for those Do-Over parties!" stay tuned for the next one!
"Break Up" is one of my favorite albums. Always on the top of my playlist!
but that just keeps me on my ass more lol ;)
oh thank you!!! :) and best of luck!
RT : What about Ty Law or other free agent DB's getting a look this week?
Brilliant show last night at the Crofoot!
my location consists: anywhere there is WiFi..
just saw that you're w/ Outside now. Congrats on the fancy new title.
Camp Pendleton Marine's home searched and wife questioned in dissappearance of Fallbrook woman.
Woke up earlier this morning to the sound of bagpipes. Downtown San Diego is always full of surprises! Happy St. Patrick's Day everybody!
MY THOUGHTS.....I THINK KIDS SHOULD BE ABLE TO GO PRO SRAIGHT FROM COLLEGE. MUST STAY 2 YEARS IF COLLEGE
SOX vs CUBS...CUBS about to get the goo goo gaa gaa beat outta them..lol.
Keep going back on colors to paint my room!! Decisions
Oh god, animal cages...I'm going to freak if there's reptiles!
Content Marketing: Online is the New Skyline
Q: What happens if you cross a midget and a computer?A: You get a short circut.
My wrist is all fucked up today.... guess I don't have to run any food tonight! Like I would anyway.
lol ya my bad forgot to reply! I took quintanilla & willem's 18th/19th cent. Q's much more fun lol but both challenging profs
lmafo!!! You look like that roach after Jake killed it!!
don't care haha
Movie night! ((:
haha! Well you learned something new everyday...yup! Lmao. Are you from Chicago or you're traveling to Chicago to see 1D?
Looking forward to this event! A Conversation with President Amy Gutmann at Alumni Weekend 2012
Uploading a new video!
