Cleantech investment since '04 reaches $1 trillion. RT A billion dollars isn't cool. You know what's cool? A trillion dollars
bye bitch(:
Invited by a friend to go out and eat but I said movies lol 😉
RT : TONIGHT @ OPEN MiKE - Internship Social Mixer! ttp://innovationinmilwaukee.com/mike-internship-mixer/...
It's 75 degrees in San Diego. My daughter & I are sitting on the Starbucks patio baking, enjoying the coffee, the sun & each other.
Hi, Brooke! Sorry I missed this. I can't do 8am. Can you do anything later?
love helo kitty
You ain't trying if you ain't cheating. #Wings win another one...
RT : I'm craving O_o <---- give into the cravings girl...do it!
For each of past five years, I've purchased a new 59Fifty throwback Brewers cap on Opening Day (/Night) & worn it daily in-season. 2012 baby
I'm sure it's spam. I've been getting a lot of those lately. Not sure what it would've been anyway.
#SeriousTweet Richard Simmons HAS to be my personal trainer. I wont settle for nothing less.
#Dried mushrooms are available all year-round and are rich in flavour and when re-hydrated are of great nutrient value!
Ah thank you! I've been looking for some like these for... forever. Perfect sassy summer heel ;)
Got 2 jackets and pissed that the black jacket I purchased wasn't in the bag when I got home! grrr!!!
you survive the so co last nite ???
The follicle being clogged compromises the scalp area which then causes a change in the hair's growth pattern.
!.~+~! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Thnkn...i cnt wait til school starts bak...nd' I really hope I get this other job. I need all tha money!.
The answer: Build your skills! To compete in this ultra competitive market you have to be at your best in every audition.
Bye bye Dublin Dr.Pepper
In taco cabana :)
I have more info on Prince Harry's night out in SD Friday if you are interested!
The BET awards are WHATS UP!!! Right now!! Fire
anytime love
hahah okay, just checking:)
we are all so upset.. im doing better though. im just putting the year behind me and preparing to start fresh next semester.
ugh i feel like i always miss 's tweet attacks cause i'm so busy with school :( i miss her
Dam I had da best day eva it aint rain thank god. Whatup miami
That's what I like to hear! It was an excellent show!
yeah looks like it was pretty lame. Having survived some Texas hurricanes this is nothing. how'd you manage?
I've been having the strangest, most frightening dreams lately:/
ugh.... lol are we suppose to do a twitter pitch too
i wanna come to your #BelieveTour so bad :') please follow me back on here? :') I love you so much :') <3<3<3
that's great! Can't wait to read it. Look forward to working with you again soon.
Remind me again why the humidity has to be so high? Ugh.
To the people that say, "I've 99 problems but a bitch aint one." Those 99 problems are the reasons why you aint got one.
And no more winky faces, I promess.
Hehe working for Cuervo and Sally Hansen tonight on the red carpet. Drunken beauty, gotta love it.
Thank you.
That's why its entertainment dummy. You think anyone is interested in a real "singing" contest?-- No, about the circus!! DUR
looking forward to our meeting with this afternoon.
Later this year
And what's with the t-shirt under the golf shirt look? Makes no sense.
Just gotta have faith
I don't say it often enough, but I have the best, I repeat, best job in the world.
#quotes If you wait until all the lights are "green" before you leave home, you'll never get started on your trip to the top.
Come check us out at on May 8th!!!!
yea Dollas my bro I love that niggardly to death
Spent my day in #trafficcourt watching red tape at work. WOW, it's a snorefest
#BackInElementarySchool I had recess. I no longer have recess... :( I'm in middle school/junior high. Haha idc.
Ah Big Brother time OMG!!!
soon? “: Happy Hour tonight: $2 Belgian Frittes (excellent french fries) and $2 Heineken Drafts! 2-6pm!”
St. Trop was the first l'Occitane shop I saw in the 90's
lol, very true. Aren't you always on the road?
PR Observation of the day: When is it enough? Some people will never learn. Pigs get fat. Hogs get slaughtered! #corpoamerica Gotta love it.
Again, I just think your standards for success are much higher than mine. Hard to square that.
TONIGHT!: Richmond Varietease: The Den of Delight with Corn Mo 8:00 doors! 21 and up!
I find out if I got into UF on Friday at 6:00 PM so this week needs to go by fast.
Shouts out to for the work she's putting in!! Tune-in tonight (7p-9p ET) to hear her record #OldSoul on WFXE FM Foxie 105!!!
Is blackberry down or something? I can't get on bbm or twitter...
You talk as if you don't know me. I'm disappointed. I AM.
My boy Phillip Phillips' killin it right now.
I saw that yesterday. What a pile of horse crap.
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus~ Out of the frying pan into the fire.
Fixation on a lower level of abstraction is sub optimal.
For the record, If you wore flip flops, it wasn't exercise.
Thanks so much! You too!
watching you on Piers Morgan. Great interview. (From a native Syracuse kid :-) )
watching Platoon wif the boy
I think I'm on the verge of scaring the tenants that I like at work, cause my friendly/polite hellos aren't coming off, at all this week.
its awesome to be following! ;)
I didn't, but I LOVE her & need to send her something pretty to wear! I think she'd look great in Rockin' B :)
that works on some...
I am so proud to have hosted a speech by Robert Bielski who discussed the true story of the Bielski brothers’ survival of the Holocaust
wish me luck :)
Hey Zach, how are you? :)
haha I blocked a chick because of the 1st one last night...sad part is she is older
You say you nevr done it
Lol these Haitian females grilling me ahahah
aren't you 22 minutes early for a FF? :-)
My favorite Hopscotch poster, by far...just ordered one. Thank you!
Steve Shaw is a dick.
“: Put some whiskey in my coffee this morning because, hey, it's Ireland somewhere!”
I love ! I also LOVE ! But, it's kinda strange how much Maria resembles ;) He likes his older ladies
Wow! If thats a flagrant foul, the #Knicks might as well get on the plane home. Cuz the refs are goin to hand this series to the
i always wanted to visit Hawaii ;) i hope u have a good time
u prob having an allergic reaction to the metal u have, try some bio flex or ptfe
RT : An #Aries woman is great to have in times of despair or need, she will always be there for you.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
Thanks Lisa! :-)
Thxs for mention.
In 10 days I see the Dali Lama speak at SDSU and then head off to ! Life is good!
The is outside of school today. Such a nice surprise!
As the Clash once said, Who shot the shot? 2 months back in Boyle Heights and was awakened by a loud blast. Honey, I'm home!
Atlas Sound on right now!
Busy, busy show. Just had Thom Brennaman and SI's David Dusek, Jim Armstrong from Cincy and Nugget Anthony Carter coming up! MHS, AM 1510!
Looking forward to Fall?! If your training has come to a halt due to the excessive heat, don't worry there is still plenty of time to train!
Want to learn how to swing dance? Come in tonight for lessons beginning at 8!
sweet. :) I thought MN was two zones.
The past 2 days have been my recovery days off but i cant stop, i feel as if someone, somewhere is working harder than me.....
Late Night Happy Hour, $5 Drafts - starts at 10pm.
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 87
Things some people could stand to be hit over the head with: 1)kindness 2)sensitivity 3)driving skills.
feels #awesome to get a W against wilm. for the first match of the season! won mine: 6-0, 7-5 let's get em tomorrow too!!!
OH at Eastburn. "I had somebody call me a unicorn today."
Thank you for naming award for Best Lounge or Event after our founder Diane Naegel. Great honor!
will be perfecting #ChickenMushroomRice this week!! Let me know if you want to place an order!!
a Big Thank You to Liz and the gang for being such great neighbors to and great friends of !
After going to Europe a trip to Oregon is like pocket change to you, right?
I agree. There was some debate here with Chick-filet. Some seem ok with their oil and process and curious what others thought
chillin, what's up..
Okay so, I got a new bikini, Foster Grant sunglasses, Steve Madden sandals, A NEW car, and a new wardrobe.. This week is gonna be fun ;D
cardigans are very suspicious
my pleasure!! And it will be great as always....doesn't matter what it is! Show off the new iPad and people will aaawww...
Whatever works! Glad the ratings were up, hope it continues throughout the year.
haha I totally noticed that, too! It's like an outer space fascinator.
“The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly. Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.” Eckhart Tolle
bad haircuts
We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life.
please send an email with details of what you are experiencing to . We'll be able to help you.
Dont freak out when somebody says bitch, its just another word for female dog, thats all.
hey friend, remember me??
we will have a healthier pizza option for you soon... tasty food that you don't have to feel bad about eating
In the past year I've really perfected my ability to wear pretty much the whole J. Crew catalogue and still look kinda homeless. #
You would think Shannon brown would be the first person you box out... Sick dunk though
Dr Scott delivered an awesome keynote on gaming as a library service. Got some good ideas for academic libraries as well!
#Uggla makes those throws so often, it's hard to believe. Remember that one from last season that went into the fifth row?
yeah I'm still waiting 👌
Big debate about #civilunions coverage today Who should we put on TV today?
Good afternoon!!!!!!
Horsin Around with #Gimme5 at Tonight.
listening to the brilliant speak in the flesh!!
I saw that and was also wondering about the rules issue.
This game boring lol
The sun is shining & it's snowing. Yup, I live in Reno, NV. "If you don't like the weather, just wait a few hours, it will change."
2012 is going to be a GREAT year for Maria. I can feel it.
Bad Teacher was a freakin hilarious movie
maybe introduce an dprovide time for PLC?
Use Notes to keep details of how you met this connection, other information that could be helpful later on; they cannot see it!
Ditto! RT : loved the "announcements" part of the meeting today. that was DNA all the way through.
It feels so much earlier.
Went to Whole Foods today, because we needed $157 worth of pesto and breads that will be stale in an hour.
I'm happy for finishing 7th in his #NASCAR #NNS rookie debut! But man I can't wait for Dylan out there!
Going to bed before midnight. Oh baby I'm lovin it!
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid doing entirely. ~ Anonymous
Be careful what you fish for.
Both of Us by B.o.B featuring Taylor Swift is #beautiful!
RT Re-Entry Draft roll call is a somewhat comical exercise...
yeah it needs to STOP!! U WILL NEVER FIND A GUYS IF YOU CANT LOOK PAST ONE THING HANNAH~!~~!! i love you :)
I just got a voicemail from someone in a personnel office...perhaps a job interview is forthcoming?
haha lookin good! Happy birthday!! Don't forget to give me some kind of an idea!
I miss Sassy! And Jane. Well, Jane before it sold out.
Niggas be throwing up the illuminati like they know about it. Smh
She my motivation
Did a double feature, loved it!
...I hear the horses' thunder down in the valley below... I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon, waiting for the eastern glow.... (Scottish)
I didn't have sex with him trust me.
My moms taking the girls tonight for a sleepover! Since I spent all day organizing I'm happy to get a good nights sleep!
dam got to go all the way back up top into the county when it wasnt needed
Perhaps out of reverence to Steve Jobs, my MacBook has stopped working unless it's plugged in to an outlet.
Ray Charles to the bullshit. Now hop up on this dick and do a full split...uh
thanks coach!
Pranking my sister m I need ideas???
Wow! $20K poll! Maybe #Ed Reformers didn't like that American Federation of Teachers spent over $1M to undo the progress that's been made?
Twitter vehicles such as tweetmyjobs.com, twitjobsearch.com and tweetajob.com. All using twitter engine.
Who's ready to hear the second single off of our upcoming ep?
Recorded Curators at SFMOMA yesterday. Winderful comments on Jasper Johns, David Park, Clyfford Still.
Online Gaming Market continues to grow in the Asia-Pacific Region - openPR (press release)
word of the day "fructuous" Fruitful; productive.
john terry!
You're Awesome Jenn! Thx.. Super Intellect in this group:
Stupid conversations make sense when you're talking to someone special.
I met someone new yesterday their name is 4 miles an oh my god I'm feeling every bit of it right now
I bet. Clovis must be tiny.
Happy 125th to Occidental! Final Spring practice of the year today...
Any idea what the raindate policy is for kickball? Double-headers?
RT : #SIF $1 invested in , $13 returned to low-income families. that's social innovation at its best
ah-ah- ah- ah- ah- oooowwww!
We recommend Nordic Naturals. Expensive but nowhere near cost of Lovasa. Many think the omega-3s in Nordic are more available.
I could fit him in the trunk. The fish will be riding in the front seat. Oh I got a fish... I got lonely with Nealer not coming over as much
lmao!!!!! My phone be dry
OH MY GOSH AUSTIN. GUESS WHAT. I HAVE TO TELL YOU. Iloveyou. That is all;)
harrison ford, how I love thee
Totally eating my feelings with two Snickers ice cream bars.
lol sweet thanks. You ROCK. It was you who inspired me.
RT : In VSIA days, more lawyers than engineers in #IP integration- Jean-Marie Brunet
What some look forward to the most about work is when supervisors are on vacation.
: Actually, the halls of indigo are now burnt red, the GG bridge is now rainbow and the Waldo tunnel is indigo with spotted rhinos.
nike 2 piece i ordered >>>>
All the ed. petitions in the world will not change existing public mindset re: ed. purpose.
Should ADHD meds be taken by children & teens? What is your view on this?. I know the answer is "It depends..". Tweet your opinion to me!!
Just back from the Mariners game - Griffey wins it in the 14th with 2 outs and 2 strikes.
Last night I went on a lil ghost hunting adventure, and it was lovely. But now I've gotta go through the footage, how boring, lol.
He had a huge car wreck after Practice and ended up in a ditch. Didn't die
Corey and I are going to that show!!
Thanks for the follow! :P
miss you more </3 love ya sweetcheeks ;))
4th qtr is the best time of the yr - Football is everywhere, Basketball is on the horizon, new video games coming, and tv shows premiering!
I've never met he doesn't follow me, never tweeted/RT me, he doesn't know I exist, yeah it hurts, but I'm still a Mahomie!<3
I gotta find me another twitter app!
aw well thank you :)
That was just too fucking funny! Lmfaoo these whores :-*
I'll see you guys on April 7th !
Indeed it will. I am truly honored to be able to send this message to the man, the legend, the founder. Best wishes to you sir.
Kuechly crediting Albright and Wes Davis for taking him under their wins when he got to BC.
Stuck in traffic and have to piss.. What would do? #Wheresthecup #dampseats lol
#welcometotheclub, I'm the president!
southern indiana may as well be mars.
the IAP Dance panel will begin at 10:00 EDT in Indiana Government Center South Conference Room D. We'll begin with app
yes! is coming with!
Oscar winning Actor Louis Gossett Jr & Israeli transexual trance singer Aderet on tonight 9-11pm (pst) on my show on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Did anyone catch our shout out from Good Morning Texas yesterday? <3
My god you look so stunning tonight. Seriously WOW!!
Brilliant! I'm not even going to try to top that.
Our biggest problem: getting volunteers online
Nothing attracts like excellence.
Most bands I get so bored of, but never Lydia. Never.
RT : #letnotyourheartbetroubled thanks sean, I just love this verse John 14:1
haha only up momentarily, GOOD AFTERNOON!
Getting my shit together.
RT Happy Anniversary, Sprinkles Scottsdale! The first 50 to whisper “Happy 4th” @ each Sprinkles receive a free...
RT : I considered a #mnmaps Rickroll but didn't want death threats, so I'll just send this link from OR leg:...
LOVE it! “: Teacher digital portfolios as an alternative evaluation tool. Teachers learning along with students #plpnetwork”
I can't stop laughing! I'm not sure I know who is..?
NaLee2010.com a trilogy, a brand new fantasy, mermaids, dragons and a 16 year old boy mysterious and sexy chek it out!!!
you crack me up:)
Awesome game! Congrats to you and the #Packers from Houston!
i aint got a mom bro :/ she up in heaven watching the heat !
The NRA Legislative Affairs Director is speaking now. Sounds like a firearm salesman.
For Real, good thing the Royals handled them already this week
I want to go back to Japan
RT in awe... kickstarter.com/projects/17592…//great insight on writing. A worthy investment as well
why you leave me cutie? D:
could you please stay in one piece until I get there to hug u? Thanks! :)
Yeah seriously brave!
have you ever wondered why you have to click on "Start" to stop Windows?
Great response 2 my #discount offer for #executive #coaching. Email me b4 the close of business today. Can't beat this!
you guys can eat froyo now... Yo Life Yo Yo just got for here bowls
WT EDITORS: Jessica is #reading The Unnamed by Joshua Ferris, which is about "a man who can't stop walking."
Guess it's that "absolutely positively" thing. Never wondered about the "or else" part of that.
you're a goddamned tease.
& thanks for all your help today! You make me smile.
You can't do it ": Oh no! We suck again!"
Good lookin out RT : Congrats to the homie .... Another notch on the belt...
We've come too far to turn back now!
I'm getting seriously tired of you being a bitch all the time. #stop before I knock you out. K thanks.
Run with real big rocks and throw them and get stronger. ready to fight!!!!!!!!
Film sounds great! We're working on our own micro-budget post-apocalyptic film called #Knock. Good luck! -JO
They paid him $0 signing bonus so they lost nothing but potential production. Fat from worst since Raiders will sign Leinhart
Can u put ARC & Brad Pitt in a box and mail it to me?
Is problem-based learning the key to developing interdisciplinary science curriculum? Your thoughts?
Cool, let me know. I'm down
Thanks and for the follows! Proud to be from the great state of Mass!
Why do girls like bad bad guys LOL
you are online?
Yeah, don't get any ideas.
No problem! :0) (HUG)
Another reason to love San Francisco: Almost every corner store sells Orangina.
awww why thank you! I'm just tired of stuff making me tired all the time. I used to never ever be tired
coming from you
Super Bowl Sunday is finally here.
you compared me to a Lil homo kid that all 15 year old girls love..
yea come thru we here kickin it
You have my vote!
The Way #oomf Talks , Walks , Looks At Me , Laughs , Smiles , & Even Breathes Annoys The Shit Out Of Me . I Really Dislike Them .
With summer on the horizon, who are you excited to see on tour? @ reply us!
hahahahaha well yourself
Nothing, but if you can get Manning, I could careless about Tim.
- Go Stars! Keep up the hard work Ladies!! You Rock!
I've been in San Francisco for a while
.....and you felt the need to send me that ...because....?
Our booth is now officially a mega-booth #awp12 with
How much freedom do individual teachers have about how to teach about the Holocaust? How many choose their own texts?
If I delete you off fb don't send another friend request you stupid skank! I don't need your drama
"Because of the Affordable Care Act being a women is no longer considered a pre-exisiting condition" -Leader Nancy Pelosi
I want pancakes so bad
I heard today from a Social Media professional "twitter is just a fade". Twitter potential for B2B & B2C is still been developed/discovered.
Wow. How hard do you rock, babe? I'll reciprocate as soon as I get off this iPhone and back to a proper computer. :)
He just made a million dollar sale by discounting it 50%. Someone get this guy a promotion!
Is anyone doing anything exciting for #StPaddys tomorrow?
is that a lot?
i got tables son
Stackin this paper so I can relax later hustle none stop I want all the money!
Hawaiian pandora station. Always on point.
YO UR NOT LOOKIN' FOR ANY PRODUCERS TO JOIN UR STABLE R U?
How was everyone's weekend?
#Deadass and then i look at my crappy phone lol
i's so sad to miss last nite! Seemed like show of the decade. totally proud, totally jealous, totally love you guys!
Off to Oxbow in Napa - after being an observer in some crazy familial convo... If only these animals could talk.
The fact that they are called the Golden Dawn makes me laugh in so many ways.
#FF shout out to ! Excited for your big launch in February and to see the change you will make in the lives of young people.
How can school be made to follow the business or working world to better connect the stu to RW? : :
can never go to that store and buy just two or a couple items
don't you want to help me design my next tattoo?
Awh..how sweet. I will carry you, if you feel like falling down <3
Got an email saying my Diaspora invite was coming soon. Forgot I had even signed up.
Thank you! We will be stopping back for sure!
#FF Great news, great blog, great follow!
Bennie and the jets
I need motivation...6 more pages left out of 12. Darn you close textual analysis paper.
Bitches play so hard in front of other bitches but are actually soft af
Dear Lord forgive me for all that I done knowingly and unknowingly.
Good work. How long did it take? Professor better have given you an A.
Four day work week. Then 10 day vacation!!!!
"Wigwam Susie and the corn maze crew" LOL
"Pro-lifers" want to cut food stamps
Day dreaming about winning the #megamillions all day long today.
Elimination Chamber's Painful History
Easy Win
how many beers are you gonna down for the big birthday party sunday? #SO to Center Field in Marathon!
Duggs the Bulls still have a better record and the Bulls had no Luol Deng or CJ Watson the Heat still barely won
Katy Perry is a hero
2012 is the return of the crazy someone will fulfill the VIP bodybag
canelo Shane to old man
Really Jose Reyes? Really? You didn't see Ted Williams sitting the last game of the year out to ensure his .400 AVG. Braun will rise up!
Yes, thanks. How's everything, when you coming back this way? RT : RT : Ah, good morning< J!
Appreciate the RT
Silly I know... But I really wish & would be friends again.
Either a Pens logo or a tattoo for my grandfather and my aunt who passed away 2 months apart
fuck:( I'm so bored
no, thank you Arzu
I love horror movies and the pop culture that surrounds it, I look forward to it.. Too bad I can't star in it .. Sad face :(
they discontinued them #LowSales RT Any Mahsa Ball doughnuts aboard? If not, they should get on that.
where u flying tomorrow? I'm flying to Wilkes barre via Newark and NYC
Smooth move Rush
nice! I need such summary skills! I'm wallowing in events from 1796, when I really just need to get to the action in 1801...
Thanks for following! :))
Check out . CEO speaking at Digiday:LA today with our client. We are doing incredible stuff for flash sales.
anyone in #ROC know someone who runs a driving range? I have found possibly 1,000 range & brand name balls & would like to sell them off
RT : Spanish football in crisis.
lets trend #WellingtonOver1D #Wellington swag
you guys rock and what a voice Abby! Holding it down in Londontown!
I liked my sixth and seventh grade pictures better.
Game day!!!
Sitting in the hot tub is one of my favorite things to do.
If it wasn't for this test, I'd just be getting up
Ha RT "Whale you be my valentine?" "Dolphinately." #LoveNotes #Happy Valentines Day
nope! free all day
Is anyone else in the North East suddenly suffering with allergies and headaches as bad as I am?
Our next #AfterHours event is tomorrow 6-8pm at ! Wanna come? Email
“: She Was Kickin Out A Whole Bunch Of Bullshit. That's The Shit I Don't Like! Lol”
Any suggestions for best car audio spot in #charlotte? Need some new speakers for the Jeep.
happy mothers day
That awkward moment when you see an ex you DON'T want to see ever and the look like an idiot trying to hide
So much grammar i never fucking learned #fucksats #fucktheenglishsystem 😞
6:00am Thursday April 28 marks the end of an era for 91.7 FM & RIP my beloved. I'll see you on the flipside.
Sorry. :( So was that last tweet for me then?
Cabs weren't advertising me.
Off to Spain today for three weeks of eating, drinking, and learning.
#FF , frequently delightful
Well it only took one day to find an apartment & furnature. I'm feeling lucky!
Back from KingsCast Studios. Editing a new show with - new show up in the morning.
Ceti Alpha Six exploded six months after we were left here.
Shoutout everyone follow this hard working producer RT : much love fam!
ooohhh yeaa all day er day ;)
New song this weekend tho
thanks man...will do...workin on a lot of new stuff
So much money... You should take that chance.
Video of students talking about tech., all were using phones, phones did everything.
Rick Slick hating on the twitter :( # itsokthowestillheartyou
spray it with windex, that's what my sister does haha
yes but I don't know it
ugh this sucks!!
#MyBiggestFear is the day my Mom dies. Thinking about it almost makes me cry
Everyone go follow he needs to get 200,000 followers then maybe he will follow me! And he is a amazing guy too (: ♥
it's sad but true haha.
Oh my subconscious. I love you so much. You solve problems when I'm in long meetings.
I would like to say it was fun but it wasn't it was terrible
Detroit. im a Pistons, Lakers, Bulls fan.
I haven't seen in years either!!!!!
--->RT : RT : F everything. Tim Duncan might be the third GOAT after MJ and Bill Russell.
Law firm is West Los Angeles is seeking a Junior Litigation Secretary. Must have some prior legal exp and strong computer skills.
...waking up in your crushes bed..
They didnt' even care if I got a burned bagel! And the manager didn't even care! Does Brueggers Care about it??
I just got honked at in the whole foods venice beach parking lot. It's getting real...
Yup! Although what does "compatible" mean? To my knowledge Square doesn't have an API.
He said he needed about tree fitty.
Went to water st project. DC...sigh...Poor form
Thanks a ton. I'll check this out!
Thinking about this weekend... It all went so smooth.
I promise I'll fly out! No question.. I'm there!
You're Welcome :)
Sub in English!!
| Thanks for a great session!
To all of you who try going for a "zero figure" just remember, real men go for curves. Dogs go for bones.
if you go to sarah's twitter, you'll see it. it's the tweet that says "bullying gets you no where" or whatever hahahah
yeah it's disc golf city around those parts.
Have a good day!
You do django, right?
I'm more freaked by the schizophrenic on the bus then the person with cancer.
Many people will be voting against Obama for this decision and many will be voting for him for this decision.
I want to cut your advertising budget in half & sell every used car on all your lots in Florida in the next 30 Days ! 323-370-6419
Did I mention that I live Diane Lane and Josh Brolin?
Dude, did not see that coming is what Charlie Sheen is saying right now. Sargon Kutcher is
I'll have to go back and put that in the listing
Another way to fly.... RT : Checking out the Flying Arts at Emerald City Trapeze. if you want to follow.
Will you an Ol' Crimson be making an appearance at the Crimson & Gray game
“: “: Any suggestions for a great birthday dinner out in Philly? Thanks!” Vetri!” - or Monks! (get the veal cheeks)
MAKE ME A SANDWICH WOMAN!>:O
Gasol can only do that cause he's tall...
Giving a shout to new followers we are so honored to have!
Over the Rhine, Bon Iver, Calexico, and Iron and Wine. Is there a better background for a Sunday evening of reading?
This is why I don't wanna work, can't find a permanent job, tired of starting over...
your welcome :)
Thanks to you too! If you or need anything at all, don't hesitate to let us know: it's what we're here for.
I was going to say...seems early for you too
Howdy , what kind of shoes do you see your racers wearing? Also, it's kickass that you have 4 types of races.
I will leave a series of clues around the Q Prime compound. Each more challenging than the last
Watching Boston and PHI..go Boston
who's your favorite player in #WorldCup? Better yet, what's been your fav. moment during #WorldCup?
no..lol ive liked the pacers since 4th grade though! if that counts for anything. its exciting 2 see everything come together!
Crossing fingers!!
Thanks for the follow. Ancestors are Highlanders. Ever study the history of the S GA coast? Lots of HLDers. Real culture shock!
Come on over! We would be happy to have you, plus a $100 bill credit when you switch
#lunch specials!! Braised applewood pork belly quesadilla.
it's da bomb.
the only thing I like about USC is/was Steve Sarkisian
looking thru old docs, found invoice from 5/2002. piece: "how to be her rebound." commissioning editor: ky henderson.
damn. who all is in there?
I would normally ask somebody to go riding today but for some reason I've got a really bad feeling about it.
fall asleep
awwwhhhsndksodkbdieoe that made me so happy to hear. ;)
Absolutely!! " yes it is and and are beautiful women. Much continued success to them".
As always GREAT STUFF!
Why anyone whos touching success gettin accused of being apart of the illuminate? People hate too see people do good huh?
they are jealous they alone, people without brains
Damn hommie just dissed me bad!!!
Hello everyone, happy Mothers Day to every mom in the whole world.
who knows its all guessing at this point
Praying for all those affected by the storms& tornadoes today.
haha I've been good…busy with school. How is everything? Trying to come over for the olympics
Judge Not...
Come check us out March 10-18 in the WEST Pavilion at the Indy Flower & Patio Show! $50 off ezWalkers at the show!
For all of us late shoppers, what is the "hot" present for this year!
I'm always mortified when a sit-down pizza joint doesn't give free refills, even if it's in New York City!
Hey , when I hear that moron Cowboy Dave come on the air I turn the station off.
Hey hey Coming up! featuring Mr Ryan Clark of ,& entire album so listen & win Enter grand prize drawing
The Chris Gethard Show is changing lives. Thanks
Ghetto black people <<
My other student is a 68 year old who wants to attend college. In younger age, he finished A levels. He has highly literate.
Methylchloroisothiazolinone....on my cupcakes.
Will finish refoldering/reboxing today. Hopefully will get started on updating the container list. Woo-hoo!
Egg Jacked
Had a great night at the Parents Dinner at , benefitting
Have a review of B1? We would love to see it on our Yelp page!
Why is it that there are always dental floss sticks on the ground in parking lots?
I prefer the atomic bomb quote: If there's ever another war, I'm going to sit right the hell on top of it.
I will protect my sister through everything that comes her way regardless of who or what it is. She deserves it.
Going to the gym with my sis and getting a good work out in.
Just wrapped up season 1 of "The Killing". Damn fine writing, so-so acting pleased with the product.
What #cooking utensil can you not live without? I love my Henckels knives!
Dave Letterman is eating his pants tonight, they are pulled up to his chin.
damn i needed that instead of what i got 4 my bday breakfast lol
I love Adele
Went to the mall found 2 cute skirts by the time the cashier rang them up I aged 3 years and now I'm too old to wear them.hire employees gee
that's a good day!!! Hehe ;)
August is slipping away quickly-- what plans did you have for this month and this year that aren't finished? Time to make it happen!
Come see me now on Bryn Mawr in
working hard on my book and then hitting the audition road
It's the 9th... We're at 98 balls used.
If you have a #kik retweet this :) I need people to talk to there
MKE fans suck riding the Ryan Braun "guilty" bandwagon without a SHREAD of detail or proof. He's innocent and won't be banned.
And okaay :P I HAVE NOTHING TO DO TONIGHT. D: I wish I had homework sometimes. My teachers are like "Its classwork"
"It's ironic how some people accidentally walk on my feet and apologize, while others walk all over my heart and don't even realize"
Yup I'm a producer, I also sell eBooks which teach people how I make money online selling beats
I feel official knowing you're now following me;) hahaha
What can we say, this guy has taste.
is performing in DC and I won't be there. The world we live in, it's not fair I tell ya...
Chris Bosh all hurt smfh
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have!
Having to plan my next four years of highschool out now sucks! #Ijustmightdie !
Who should i follow next?
Happy Birthday Logan Aunt Cheyanne loves you and hopes you have a great day! :) <3
Happy birthday, Beth!
Can I have him?! Adorable!
Hey. Do bags fly free on Southwest, or something?
All :)'s never had this feeling before.
I stayed awake to find my place.
day off from workout to upload photos from the most amazing Daniel Hoff Agency 20th Anniversary Party April 28, 2012!!
So exciting, thanks! RT Wonder what's behind the rope and up the Frick's Grand Staircase or in the basement? fb.me/FioOT330
how're you??? *Bretana*
THAT was a home plate collision
Does anyone out there in anthro-land use "Ethnoquest" the interactive intro to cultural anthro computer game? What are your thoughts?
just hangin out at home watching movies and running the twitter haha. How are you?
success! Congratulations!
Hey Oscar, thanks for connecting!
I hate that! Go to the bookstore dressed like a goddess. Always fun!
lets go
Hey guys there's still 2 hours of FF left tag us!!
If you go by decades as you said then Unites, Bradshaw, Montana, Elway and Brady 's done it with less receivers than Manning
Trying again. Hoping #newnordstrom recognizes green!
I think I'm going to call it Mad Seth. I don't know where I come up with these ideas. Seth will be impressed.
Marie says "I have 8 nipples!" I (heart) you!!
Today I got hit in the face in boxing, and it didn't hurt nearly as much as you hurt
God is good all the time
That's how we fixed'em on the Diana and Holga.
I need to study anyway! Cant wait to be done with school. Im b out this bitch on my independant shit!
we love you man.
"I'm alright, but I've been living in a movie - Someday I will have to wake from this dream." ::julie peel::living in a movie::
"Mario always found a way"
I hate section 110. What's wrong with you people?
lol ray is my boy he knows it's no disrespect.
#justdance2 is fun as hell. Good cardio too
was it good at the theatre??xx
T-12hrs and ill b on my third brew
You would think I would be use to it by now.. but I'm really not.
damn #totesjelly how was it? Did u get ne footage? =^..^=
Sat waiting for the Beppo to try on outfits. I look a tad out of place in #Monsoon!
So So So excited!
OH!! 4got 2 mention gonna have a block party 2 morrow! & are coming!
Dalai Lama to arrive in San Diego Tuesday
Agreed! RT via 4th habit: diversify - work on many projects, across many genres.
Good night everyone <3
"Braziliebers LOVE Kenny"?? well so do all other beliebers...
Trying to fight off this nastiness that I thought skipped me.. 😷
More than 24hrs since endorsed #marriageequality, and the US still hasn't been wiped out by a massive hurricane.
my nicotine fix happens maybe twice a year. You just happened to witness one.
what up cuzzo...now I'm following you on twitter too...cant get away from me fam! stay up...one love to the fam!
Did you know the Radio Shack building near the intersection of Lane Ave & Northwest Blvd was once a pharmacy owned by Jack Nicklaus' father?
This is worse than wanting to cry, being upset or angry.. this is almost worse than being numb.
your avi is gorgeous...
So now daddy wants me to clean his car.. ugh!!
I keep losing followers. What did I say?
Oh come on! I was eating brie when I was tricked into seeing that
Hot af out.. this humidity <<
Track and field
evil evil evil. Don't count your final 4 eggs just yet--they were saying tonight that Marshall might be able to go for UNC
“: Was just thinking...last Easter in Las Vegas. The move is getting real! & I can't wait!” it's surreal!!
So happy i got my car today<333
Betty Whites Off Their Rockers !
Liverpool = Underachievers “: SUBS: Liverpool bring on Kuyt and Downing for Adam and Rodriguez. #bpl #bwfc #lfc”
Were you wrongfully foreclosed by Deutsche or First Franklin Financial Corp via invalid assignment of note? 310-944-2055 class action suit.
I don't want to be angry.
why are you not in my life
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 30
Okay, another A-maazziingg movie!! Def watch "The Lorax" in IMAX D-Box!!!
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs, the closest thing we had to Tony Stark
Interesting wild crowd tonight People dancing on tables and shirts off.
I think they're adorable when they run.
Scheduled to sign my book "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid" tomorrow, 4-21, 12-2pm, @ Barnes & Noble, Valparaiso, Indiana.
Run baby run...... Don't ever look back!
- I change my vote to Green....
Hey...almost forgot; May the 5th be with you.
Congratulations! Is that the final step at your institution?
So glad I dvr'd Jay-Z on #fusetv :) Watching the 9/11 charity concert @ Madison square garden now
If you get a chance to visit the #Xerox social media cafe in #drupa hall 8b come by & say hi
Getting even warmer --> Today's going to be 52°F and beautiful! Did you know there's also #snow on the crest?
Thanks! Well, word on the street is I have a pretty awesome job, so I suppose I'll make it. :)
Fresh out of pandas atm. Waiting for a new shipment. But when we get 'em we'd love a photo of one of them on the pepper! ;)
all of the hot guys here are douchebags. Life sucks.
new album "Fallen Empires" streamed on Rdio for 24 hours & was removed. Why do bands not understand access over ownership.
welcome to D-town! We love it here!
Is #Romney eligible to run for president? Something about his dad not being a citizen? Why are we just now hearing about this?
It was changed for two days but I just got my old one back :)
I'll miss you dearly.
High School Jock Nod.
Control|24 board has done its last session here. Waiting for the D-Command to arrive. Meanwhile, the wires in the walls remain obstinate.
#CA & #desperatehousewives finale tonight 😃👍
Talking about pandas...it is what we do
Bring sick < Going back to sleep. Hopefully the doctors later.
First Improv class this afternoon! I'm a little nervous!
I don't think my P.O. Would allow that ;)
follow back
.love you to bubbles!
#whsummit come to session on ending hunger-how to develop an accountability mechanism in which low-income people and all can participate
Actually i am doing fine, thanks for your wishes. Off to Colorado next week!
you don't like bovada? i don't like any of our choices, but it's all we have :/ 11/276 last night on bovada.
1. Buy Hamster. 2. Name Hamster virginity. 3. Lose Hamster. .....Close enough (._.)
And that's love...
it was great meeting you!!
Trying to figure out abbreviations in this knitting pattern book
Good moring everyone!
;) no problem! The boys have done alot for me and I want to help introduce them to other girls. Music=Love
yo guess who will also be in Athens on Friday??
Complete BS! #DWTS 2 wks in a row #Katherine has slipped or malfunction & they keep saying its the best! Its cuz she's their favorite!
He's 71. Can't relate with NBA guys and now wants to recruit 17-18 yr olds. Just stole a job from a younger coach.
New to L&F Sentences: “He was a pitchfork, she was a torch, and together they drove the witches to a bus station to get them back to Salem.”
Thanks to Tori I am prepared for my math test #besttutorever :)
The Hoodie cut Underwood so that can play? I knew he was a genius!
NEW VIDEO "NO PROBLEMS" PROD. BY TREE VISUAL BY LIKE IT_ HATE IT_SHARE IT!!!
GoInG 2 EaT DiNnEr :D BbL :D PeAcE <3
r u serious!!!!!! Wtf were getting taken advantage of!!!!! You guys are always floor moving!!!!! Hahahaha
i listen to lil wayne's "single" faithfully everyday. lol that song never gets old.
I can't see a downside to it. They'll be able to connect with more of the global village.
Yall know keisha was raised by white folks and white folks are non confrontational
Super excited to get going with the C and Objective C courses w/ - Hoping this will allow me to stop passing up great projects.
When kids pull up old beef raps #ThatShitOld but it don't matter no more.
Great open house on Saturday!
listen up - you startin' to get on my nerves boy. Don't think this ole girl won't kick your behind to the curb!
and they shouldn't be. 401 Ks have been a joke since they came along. We need pensions paid out of emplr pocket instead of bonuses
Headed to then to #Un-Cabaret for #Oscars live feed. Yay Sunday!
Good is subjective.
Looks like I'll be canceling my order, since cust service can't/won't help me. They'd rather lose my order to gain $20 in shipping.
with a chance to for a eye for an eye, i choose to turn the other cheek
Crime fits the punishment.
this is 100x better tho, and I'm not that worried about Lock going down, but I'm keeping limited money on their just to be safe
Fucking data war
I'm in love with that pussy yeaaaahhhh
Bedroom window is open and it's so cold that I don't know if I can get out of bed.....
Rihanna got Thuglife on her fingernails???...long live Makaveli
You know you're at a chemistry banquet when the PowerPoint is of chemistry jokes! "What do you do with a dead chemist? Barium!"
Looking at two-bedroom apartments in DC tonight! If you hear of ANY, in the district itself, let me know!
Huge fire in Columbus. Two story farmhouse fully engulfed.
Good afternoon tweets!!! I had a wonderful time last night but I'm still sleepy. And on top of that I'm hungry as hell!!!
Bummed that I can't go to teen hoot to meet :( hopefully there will be other opportunities to meet him soon!
Apparantly more places need to sell heart shaped food. 2 hr wait at for carry out. Luckily a just opened!
The 4x6 promotional fliers are here!!!
you better be! Lol
Staying centered gets you to the crown above Jesus' heart
thanks for the yummy cupcake.
The person who says they don't have papers you are asking them for, yet there they are sitting right on their desk. That person has to go.
hell yeah!! Go #Brewers!!
I know! Your Tar Heels are ready to go! And yes, AWESOME Veteran's Day tribute. From all angles - this is great. Incredible.
Mane Yall Need 2 Get On That Feat. -BURN- Dem Boyz Handled Bizness
I'm terrible when it comes to losing someone..
either she hand picked one or he has 6 wives.
yes I quit for two days then started drinking again and started again :(
My Mind Is Always Brainstorming
I'm so glad I made the "Mad Dash!" you are the bomb, rad groovy, mod, loveable,the only true christ..
FALAFEL sandwich at A LA CART
great banking advice! Looking forward to working with you and discovering more about premier services.
Whats' up new followers?! Listen at facebook.com/DrawOneCard and give the page a 'like' if you genuinely like it. Much appreciated! :)
Hi Bert,thank you for contacting me with regard to your movie and the... (to be continued)
Thirty minutes on the phone and all I said was yep, uh huh, right and good for you.
same reaction here. watched it last week.
OLD SCHOOL WEDNESDAYS WITH DAS EFX Tonight!
Shopped the whole day and my feet hurts like crazy. Then to top it off, I'm still sore from 2 months worth of band practice.
what's your favorite flavor?
You are strong -- probably stronger than you think (mentally and emotionally) -- now, physically, may be another matter entirely
I wish ducktape could fix my broken heart </3
Toddler Time @ 1030am. Ages 2-5. Story, song, craft, and carousel ride!
not performing w nightcrawlers at jazzfest this year but on natchez dinner cruise this eve. also tom mcdermott cancelled jazzfest date
yes and yes - can't say when but hopefully not too long
you are a steward of this WONDERFUL VESSEL (ur body!) :-)
What if you could literally "do not track" by encrypting your posts on #FB #Twitter #Google+, etc. Coming soon!
Have fun! Get me some Kenyan coffee☕
The gatekeeper at the company I just called has a British accent. So awesome. I am a sucker for that.
& Follow the models of
Hope to see everyone tomorrow at 10am at the #pancakesmackdown at
This why I stick to sports. World is so crazy. Ppl don't like a persons words or PoV so they want punitive measures to silence him or her.
Are you on Facebook? Connect with us there, too! www.facebook.com/kravitzdental
commence mid-grading Modest Mouse chair dance breakdown...and cue many well-dressed VIP alumni to walk by: check.
we have an event with Sara Levine on 4/10. Info will be up on our site by the end of the week. Hope to see you there.
I figured out how to make a new download button without the magento file uploader. #BOOYAH!
It's going well! might run the Ironman Muncie course Sunday. You ready for the big day?
YOUR FACE IS ABSOLUTE PERFECTION. <3 love your pearly whites :)
interesting here, too, bro
My head is starting to hurt now. My sister finally finished it.
You inspire us Sammy! All your hard work WILL pay off!!!
that friend who you ONCE called a friend, made out with you....... & had nothing going on? yeah, that's BS.
could #Eagles deal Samuel in the division to CB-needy #giants ? They dealt McNabb w/in division last year....
It's a weird phone phobia in general. Not just all about dinner reservations. I really hate calling people. Don't mind if they call me tho.
or drink and make cell calls
Sounds like it... any talk of trying to clear it up a bit more for you guys and the people calling in?
It's not even summer and it's already too hot for my liking.
You seem awesome!
We are having a great day! How about you?
That's why my left eye was jumping this morning... Let him be ok.
Soon tired I went to sleep around 1am -_- #don'twanttobeinschoolrightnow
Do you buy it? I'm just not sure I put full faith in that study...
Its Not My Fault, Im Slow And She Never Tells Anyone Anything
You are the best Efrat! Rock on!!! \m/
Wanting a lowkey weekend to catch up on sleep somehow turned into being in the back seat on the way to LA with friends. How did that happen?
yeah sure :D
#FF Thanks for the support, happy Friday!
. Thanks for sharing the story. I'm looking forward to the finished product. Ground hasn't been broken yet.
don't forget the pepper spray and nunchucks! But maybe if you play the...cello..well enough you won't have to worry! Godspeed. X
Watching Portlands Starlight Parade. ;)
talk about a complete look..wow!
.. no comment!
The story of Jessica Dorrell and former football coach Bobby Petrino is messy. But, who can judge? Who wouldn't do what Dorrell did?
Happy Mothers Day to the Mommy's out there! Have a great day.
Love the choices! Roger's a heroic droid though - no way would he be a storm trooper!
PCarroll is attending a Federal Working Group meeting
Don't hold the door open for me when I'm 20 feet away. Now I have to speed up.
1st is hitman mystery.. Other is a dark comedy. I have a love hate relationship with both of them lol
I got EVERYBODY I was cool with back then on Thursday TBT LMFAOO!
Thanks! And thank YOU for being a part of it!
#Halloween Bows and Hair Clips are now available. Scary Spiders & Pumpkin faces! We just love Halloween at Sydney b. Boutique
yep it works
want who i follow
Be passionate with everything you do.
make us proud food trucks, make us proud ! Circle City is for street food...
That photo is amazing! Check out - love that feed.
The elimination of the two-line pass stoppage is one of the best things to ever happen to the NHL.
Tweeting live from #SWIFTsofa!
Secret Life of Bees great movie and book
Did you enjoy your time at and ?!
Been redoing aspects of my website. Glad that's over for now. Gorgeous sunny warm day. Lots to do. The garden is celebratings with flowers.
The guy at the bar next to me just told the bartender goodbye saying "May the force be with you," I responded "And also with you."
I thought the same thing a good 2 weeks ago.
I would have a Gelatinous Cube keeper and an Elf Paladin as striker on my imaginary
Just some advice for my niggas step ya game up
expect UI upgrades in digress.it soon as well! :)
Live tweeting my dinner: tortellini, and I'm chewing it.
can't wait till Mob Wives cum back on!
The main thing that I'm thankful for is my happiness. It means more than money, food, or any material good. Happy Thanksgiving.
Almost 200 followers :D
No problem lol.. I was looking for it too
Yep, I am! I live, work and play in Dupont. Do you ever make it over here?
I do understand your HUSBAND is in the military but doesn't mean you can get shit for free...bitch
is so tired of the snow!!! Stop snowing!
#Google plans unorthodox stock split, announces revenue increase of 24% to $10.7 billion. Earnings beat estimates.
RT : The only thing worse than a potato chip on the couch is setting on it, butt naked, then standing to find it gone.
i know right same here!!! :]
This is over my head, but underneath my feet. Cause by tomorrow morning I'll have this thing beat..
Excellent rendition of 'I'll Always Love You'! That was incredible!!!
lol. Now you know we are gonna ask for forgiveness after we get caught.
me too!
'heads will roll' by the 'yeah yeah yeahs' is the best song ever.
tell me about it! Just a couple days ago I started driving again.
Wow, just got spammed by someone with an Oprah avatar. That's a new one.
I'm at my honey's firefighter graduation ceremony. I hope he gets recognized for beating the firehouse's agility test by a full 2 minutes!
Has anyone seen a source (book preferably) for history of economic thought that INCLUDES behavioral work?
Couldn't sleep last night bc of paranormal activity 2!
Graduate Students! Looking for an internship or advice about the job market? Ever considered the benefits of going to a career fair?
ahahaha my friend put a photo up like that too haha its hillarious
Have you ever started a movie 2/3 in and tried to figure out the plot? It's impossible. Now try an ACTION French film with subtitles.
gimme da loot....I feel so hood
I am interested although will not have the money for couple weeks but would fill my dream. Please if possible
off for a hike
Rumble in the jungle went hard
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” Les Brown
"The Beginnings Guides for pregnancy and parenting have been a wonderful asset to our home visiting program."
Whew! You had me worried for a second! I totes agree : ) And I should be sending some story ideas your way today.
Spending mothers day w/ my sissy. :-)
Wanna keep your girl? Respect her, care for her, love her, text her first, make sure she knows how you feel about her, and NEVER lie.
Best Newscaster - Linkage Radio (Douglas)
I love titties man..if them joints is near ya belly button gat bitch
8 mile and get rich or die tryin' ...damn mtv i see you
Ozzie Guillen: "I make a lot of comments and I didn’t apologize but now I have to do it because I did the wrong thing."
When it's not your problem, all you can say is "it's going to be okay".
where are you headed for brunch?
I know it was so much better there. Now I pound beers in the garage or have to pay for them outside the arena...sucks, ha!
Thanks for the update! We'll join in on the next one!
God always comes through & encourages us just when we need it! Surround yourself w people who lift u up & Gods light will shine through!
Fascinated by old recipes, Hot Milk Cake, 150 yrs old. Drenched in homemade chocolate sauce (modern addition)
any chance you'll swing by the Sears in Schaumburg early to see all of the fans who are lined up already?
Pancreatic #cancer is a bitch. That's all I have for today.
A firm believer that things happen exactly the way they are supposed to : )
Please follow me I'm in love with you(; bahaha
R.I.P. Adam Yauch. Long live the Beastie Boys.
Heading to schlitz park now
First-pitch swinging from Brooks Conrad...who is 0 for the season. ???
I think I like it too? Still on the fence.
i cant handle all of these bruins tweets!!! 
Facial masks can dig deep into your skin and take care of its surface, that's why it's unique ability to leave your skin rejuvenated.
we'd play madden all-nite!!!
Hi EVRadio Team! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
if you can't be yourself around someone there is no point to keep them around :)
Every girl has something special about her
What a fabulous monday. I'm sick and once again my computer won't boot up. Plus the IT dept is out of the office. Fabulous.
So won by a country mile in Malmo. Shame he didn't in Stockholm
Thank you Jim for RTing my tweet to help Hayley. Unfort. she passed away on 12/27. There were enough donations for her and her
It's a gorgeous day in #NYC!
: much love to my closes fam....
any && everything
Cubs being the Cubs.
Tynes blew it! Wait, that was Cundiff who cost his team a chance at eternal glory and Super Bowl greatness.
Vaction with classmates is so much better than going with family.
Wish I live in Cali.!!!! Could've not gone to school and met ! Lucky Californians ....
Doesn't get better than this! Dave Matthews and on Jimmy Fallon in Chapel Hill tonight! Entertained and educated in 60 minutes!
I will for sure tune in next time.
'..Perhaps in death, I will learn forgiveness...'
reminds of you killing your rascal aka bob odenkirk...they're whirly birds
I'm at a Payphone trying to call home, all of the change I spent on you.<3
Shake your groove thing today for KC’s own Hip Hop Academy workshop. The hip hop session last from 1-3pm.
At Poetry & Beer, but drinking a mudslide. Waiting for Ginsberg.
Thank You For Everything Kidrauhl.
can he play our center tonight...can't be worse then BH
Gabi Zarnegar shoots for Texas, puts the ball off the top of the OSU crossbar.
That's a bold move.
noticed Wikipedia is still running their wiki app. Anyone else?
“: Timothy De La Ghettos videos got me rolling right now!” Lol me too.
Tonight's #wjmf Roberto Rodriguez & the Cuban Jewish All-Stars concert is sold-out. Stand-by tickets may be released at showtime...
Just when I thought I would never meet a new guy, I did.
yeah we did! Too bad I'm stuck taking his final...
": Word of advice friends, be careful when removing bookmarks from all up in your wazoo....papercuts."-->can be very painful lol
what do you think about
yup and now I'm stuffed up and sneezing
5 o'clock are you there... I'm coming for you
nun beenin tha house went tew go eat nd i was n tha er wit mi god mama
the highlight of tonight is watching perform on mtv <3
I could make a business card which says BRAIN SURGEON on it, Mr. "MarCom Manager," but that doesn't mean you want me slicing into your head.
Eating horribly...
Yup I sure am
Feels weird not being at the senior banquet I'll take anotha yr of hoopin tho
it's saturday night and i'm at home. it's ok cuz it's raining:)
Thank you! I know I was like so this is the Anna Maggie talks about all the time :D Glad we're twitter friends now!
I'm ready for something big to happen from the bad girls club tonight.
Sushi Monster: Math App for iPad. Have to play a little more but looks cool.
i'm a master con artist.
Going to see her tonight m...
Miami Beach gambles on radical remake of convention center - Miami Herald Found on Bing
Connecting to collections. Saving/preserving digital collections & content key to protecting "long tail" of information & research.
Thanks for listening, we hope you will join us on Mindfire! RT skyping with us! at UADE Argentina
spending my night with some more ...and i'm pretty happy with that. yay for themeing.
Thanks for participating! RT : Thank you for making us part of the #musesocial event. The spirit of sharing...
yur tweet that i responded to
The #RedSox got Chris Carpenter!...Oh not that Chris Carpenter?..Well #BuyBricks anyway.
go irish 123 more days till kickoff
I made it 3 paragraphs, then skimmed to the 1 sentence graph, then quit
Last night I had a dream that I was starring in a Broadway version of Goodnight Moon with Best dream of the night, hands down.
to all douchebag friends--please don't give the Jehovah's Witnesses mine. Thx.
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness. ~ You've Got Mail
Sounds harmless enough. :)
Was worried for a while... RT : OMFG Mickelson in the lead! ALL IS WELL AGAIN IN AFFLUENT WHITE AMERICA
Living everyday in expectancy. Have a blessed day all.
:.(....U can always visit
Phillip Lomax and The Brewer Boys have been eliminated do far.
hi lady - it might be my phone but the link doesn't open the newest posts for me. :(
I wish you could text Siri what you want. It's embarrassing saying "remind me to take my diarrhea medicine at 2pm" outloud in public.
"The anvil outlasts the hammer." - Vietnamese saying
the sad thing is that no one wants to be my Valentine :/
Do you mean info on the discounted Disneyland tickets or more general info?
"When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth.”
i shed tears with this convo :'(
I have pop-pop in the attic...
"I don't shake hands with substitutes!"
yeah. the world is totally going crazy! : / im having family problems, what about you?
I knew him through The Collegian and profiled him for an assignment. Had a real impact on me as I was learning to be a reporter.
It's getting dangerously close to March 1st, which is the first day I start going nuts about getting Stephen Jackson shipped out of town.
hm I just did that the other day. The $1.00 section always gets me...it's a $1.00.
Wow dude, wow.
Success is when u can get a positive result more than once
Damn, replay shows Chara just got slashed in the neck! That musta hurt like hell. #Caps continue #gutless play.
Just finished the first Hunger Games Book. Intensity
no real stress lately, how have you been
why not
Work while you can !
nmmmmm still a little sick hbuu
'real life is for March...nothing on Leap Day counts.'
No problem! It was a great article. is a partner with RelayRides, but I didn't know how well the service was doing.
Take a leap tonight & play speedy bingo from 11pm till closing
..what are you talking about
Chewing sugar free gum or sucking on sugar free candy can't help cure cravings
Didn't have the chance to travel this Summer? Come by WSWB for globally inspired bites and Big Glasses of wine. Passport not necessary!
I like when you wear stripes!!
I wake up at 6:30am every morning having to pee!
ending my tea drinking experiments for the day with a cup of Rare Grade Yunannan from China-heady, dusty sandalwood cologne fragrance.
Changed my mind. #Optimizer is a beast. Nodding his head up and down. Oh yeah! Gonna get after it. #Optimizer is my horse now'
Strip Club tonight... Hm... Thinking bout it
RT Just had to chase Whitney Houston away from my baking powder for the third time this week.
Happy Birthday and congrats!!
Aww, sorry to hear you're sick, Fou. Feel better soon!
well I would have a hard time concentrating to if I knew plans were being made about my awesome birthday brunch!
Jobs saved Pixar.
ok fine ill vote only cuz u talked me into it and I miss hearing from u
My wife & kids make my life complete. Always calm me down when I need it. Being a good husband & father help make me a better man.
I can't hardly think of biscuits without mustard ever since Slingblade.
your work internet may be out, but you still find a way to tweet. #dedicated social media junkie, or what?!?
ohh my /: I'll be praying!!
Choosing new flooring for your home? At Select Floors we offer custom installation of any type of wood flooring & approved subfloor systems.
Tomorrow Is Tuesday ... FOREVER ALONE!!
i should take a trip to the kitchen, yes.
Thank YOU, Elvis.....
Absolutly! We would love for you to join us! We will be at Senor Fish at 1p :-)
germs make me angry no matter what form they come in; but I get your point, its a good one.
"Iceberg lettuce has no nutritional value" But its the best kind :'(
whole lime with skin, orange, carrot, ginger or kale, cumber, cellery, lemon, lime
Stay classy San Diego! (Sorry, I Couldn't help myself)
New droid screams - Twinning
DANA STOP IT RN. RT : I still don't get why people with more then 2K followers follow me. Like. Why? Lol I'm horrible and ugly.
If my twitter wasn't my every thing. Facebook ain't shit but drama. :-) :-$
edge to Romo? Won 3 ref season games late? Have u forgot historic playoff performances? DET'07 & CHI'11m.j.-like
Looks like Thanksgiving in Scranton and a trip to Giants Stadium too. Yay!
It's Election time! For all my political friends up for re-election, I have FRONT cover ads avail. 516-747-8282;
hheadachee go away…
Tweeting Meeting
Open air drugs + illegal sex + no accountability or administration = #NoNo come get your fix no consequences
That'd be like throwing a bullet.
Got Tweetdeck running with Twitter, FB, Linkedin accounts, and Google+ on Chrome all at once. I feel lightheaded-azzle.
I want you to know, I can't get you outta my head, my head LMAO
When says 'we' need to take the right steps for get you over him > #bestfriends never go through anything alone <3
follow bacc pimp!
it's still on the blink for me...
I haven't talked to you in forever ._.
Word!...I've only been there once...had a bomb ass time tho...
40 Racks Stuffed Down In My Denim I Blow IT $$$$$
oh. Thursday I am taking Spanish and biology, from 8-3:30. :(
Teen Digital Advisory Committee interviewing teens at Teen Night
yea let me get a coffee... Three creams... 1 and a half sugars.
Soccer star muamba in critical condition
Announcement #1: The first four languages in the "Love in Any Language" series will be: English, French, Romanian, & Finnish!
she a old cougar who be growling when i rip!
Seems legit
How the fuck do you ask a guy for their number? Lol
You R welcome! Love the blog & look forward 2 reading it! RT : Thanks for all your hard work! It looks great :)
I'm a good enough person to forgive you,but not stupid enough to trust you...
yeah yeah yes!
I'm not saying he is clean or dirty, just saying that there is an appeals process for a reason :)
Gingrich aide on CNN calls upcoming Louisiana contest "halftime" of GOP primary. Obama campaign has surely enjoyed the 1st half.
S/O the bruhs it was great fraternizing during our brief visit.
Bakersfield has opened up a nine point lead (37-28)with 8:33 left to play in the first half. The Jam are shooting 61.9% from the field
have you guys found a new place yet?
thanks nick! Feeling much better today :)
my goal this month is to make atleast $200 this month from adsense revenue.
lmfao if ur so much better y didn't he call u? LOL this is my practice session, u know kids don't lie.
Listening to Vin Scully call a ball game >
Cali girls...put u on bipolar status
More work today on PHIT's new website (launching February 2012). Excitement abounds with WordPress plugins.
"It's not right for a woman to read..soon she starts getting ideas..thinking.."
Just got the spelling of 'mats' confirmed correct by _spell ...Crazy
you did good buddy, real good
He would have at least 20 without the penalties. That has to be a season record!!!
This deal can get done tomorrow. Emotions run high and its easy to overreact to all news and reports. Stay positive fans.
Who do you like more this weekend at TE - Pettigrew, Keller or Finley (if he plays?). Thanks for your help!
Have fun and thanks. :-)
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: This is the second of our Three Fridays that fall on the 13th this year. It feels like your...
Did you know choir teacher Candace Morrison? As a student, coworker, or neighbor? We would love to hear from you and learn more about her
Women ARENT toys that you can just play with & get a new one when youre tired. Women should be PRIZED and one should be held ABOVE the rest.
playing SUPER MARIO...SUNSHINE!!! ...on laptop with ps3 controller
Drove back from Reno at 2am today..now working a 9 hour shift...going to be a looonnnggggg night!
@ Morning Joe: because I work for a Catholic institution, am still entitled to full range medical care. so stop bitching!
Bruins wouldn't have dominated the Senators but probably would've beaten them in 6.
One more thing! By "new" I meant artists would have to leave where they are & start a new life in other city. Not new as in "hip"
Will let them know :) Thanks!
Eating mcdonalds:P
People should definately listen before they start assuming things.
Glad i get to spend my nights laughing and having a good time with great people! #noalcoholrequired :)
Still remember reading Contrary To Popular Opinion.
Congrats 😊❤ I want to see him soon!
DSK charged with 'aggravated pimping'
Aye homie this D-E-Z, I just emailed a joint I did off one of your tracks I leased "Organ ER"
Just spent an hour in the kitchen making some food for my parents and I'm pretty sure I just WON Top Chef. BAM!
the King's Speech is an amazing film, and if you have any sense you will go see it. GO. GO NOW.
....and *blink* the vacation has ended.
This class is so dead
On 29 headed to Party pants packed.
RT : #WhyWouldYou cheat on someone? If you're unhappy just let them go. No sense in breaking them aswell.
heh. That's funny! Say Hi to Jason for me!
"reading-e" or "ereading" - it's the ~device~ that's electronic, not the reading! whatever.
just got home from Church, what a wonderful harvest service!!! How was everyone else's Sunday?
Slept all biology
Why would someone say that? That just isn't true.
tired yet?
RT: Voting in Wisconsin Primary Tuesday? Demand a paper ballot!
its kind of like when people continue to call you AGAIN RIGHT after they just called
One last Americano for the day. Hopefully it'll keep me going through evening. Seattlite Tip: Diva Espresso has the best espresso beans
Better Off Red? Snooki Goes Ginger for the New Year (PHOTOS) Snooki is ringing in 2012 as a redhead! The Jersey Shore star ditched her
well, he's no McNabb.
80 degrees damn thus feel good
Now that I have successfully annoyed everyone on Facebook, I will move to Twitter.
yes do it and in the meantime I will cryptically say things about it to you on twitter
GUYS PLEASE COME TO BOSTON!!?? I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME!!<33
Yohoo! Thanks Matt!!
I would much rather try and fail, than to have never tried at all.
Great sesh on Raintree Lake tonight. Happy to be back with the entire
Why is Herman Cain's alleged affair top news? Who cares? People are homeless, hungry, & dying in this country. US
"It sucks when your body is slowly dying" - Quoted from my loving and caring boyfriend about my ailments.
. My Sweet One/Contact/Esther for originals. For covers... I'd lose my shit if I saw Foreplay/Longtime.
that's good enough for me. Like most Kentuckians, when says something, he usually means it.
#AskFluffy How is it performing on stage and tv?
I probably should stop listening to The Smiths for the rest of the day.
I ain't gone say every nigga alike but every nigga I run into is js like my lst nigga tht mean its time fa me to step out the box
I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer. For the is his ideal. ~Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
lol you are a Mess Duck🐤
yeah buddy :)
Charles Orban, "Carte Noire" champagne, crisp lemon meringue, Granny Smith apples, sourdough! Yum-ee.
That was in the judicial decision. It was directly quoted from that decision.
now that you got your #stumptown, no more tweets?
is starting the last week of classes
Track meet, rugby practice and baseball game (7&8 yr old) all still going on with lightning nearby. Guess we get wiser(?) with age.
Taking to the airport to head back to school. I'm sad for her to go, but so very proud of her.
Is that a new track
if i can survive this upcoming week, i can survive anything.
that bitch official...
It's too horrible.
Yolonda Spinks, Social Media Manager & Consultant, Author publicity and promotions
Good seeing you this weekend ! Always working hard, I'm sure you will actually help you one of these days ;)
was that directed towards me?
FIELD GOAL !
Buddy, totally didn't see your tweet last night
Hampton Beach
I kinda like dis new nicki video
Visiting and wondering...
Of course!
Yeaa, it is, but I just followed a couple white kids that are going there.
haha The best is that they always put "BOGO" in BIG letters and then "50% off" small in the corner...
just three!?!?! Haha
": I want my wife to be a pharmacists"
Even though he hasn't anchored the CBS Evening News since 1981, I miss Walter Cronkite today.
WE HAVE DOS EQUIS PITCHERS FOR $11 ON SATURDAY AND $3 PINTS
If you feel bad for Colt McCoy and you didn't feel bad for Brady Quinn, you're crazy.
For those in fundraising or donor-relations, Cygnus Applied Research and Burk's Blog are outstanding resources w/ great info!
Hole No. 6 is a 250-yard par 3...into the wind. Holy Habakkuk.
Thnx man, ur pretty fine looking yourself!
Wishing I could get 's So Listen skin.. But I'm broke and my dad didn't want to pay S&H. Poop.
lol just shut up, i won't reply her anymore.. she's jelly u.u
I love you J!
.....I can't expect a dialog from a bunch of statements. What do you think?
Y.O.L.O you only live once.
But you don't know MY birthday!
saw you, you wrote a cool comic.
t-11m and counting..
Interestingly, North Carolina voted no on Bieber's appearance on The Voice too.
On Facebook
thnx for ur input re: adobe captivate!
I'm outtie
