I loved #secretdaughter! I can't wait to read what you are working on next!
makes you wonder why people don't see it as the blessing it is
If you’re following me on Twitter and ever retweeted or me – Thank YOU! You rock!!
Determined to make today great!
hey are you sick this week
i respect that. Wish more had that same attitude. Too many haters in the game man.
FIRST THREE POINTER OF THE GAME?!?!?!
Trying to go to the bathroom and get a snack or a drink before the commercial is over
Students in Tucson are boycotting school on 1-24 (when schools count attendees for funding) in protest against the loss of Ethnic Studies!
come on I NEED
happy mothers' day!
So I am not alone here with my #Instagram not working?? It doesn't refresh smh
Our little Twitters are growing up!
Today 1850: Milwaukee mayor Peter J Somersault was born. He served as the city's mayor from 1890 to 1893.
Congrats on getting people to convert to Google Docs!!! It's such a great tool for committee work.
perfect! See you then!
My fury is rising watching #preppers. I just can't believe these parents abuse these kids by projecting paranoia. Anxiety disorders ensue.
AH, I'M SO EXCITED. CAN YOU GIVE A RELEASE DATE? PLEASE MO. I'M YOUR NUMBER 1 FAN.
Give yourself a break.
I have to be careful what I talk about with my dad and he made a rude comments last night
WOO! Iced Americanos have excellent slam-ability & oh-so-tasty! Hopefully your productivity was through the roof!
YUM. Looks so easy! Love the taste of almond milk, but a few brands that I tried were heavy in sugar
the vibe is thick in Chicago - The Jaws theme quietly in the background
I WILL see justice.
How tall is Greyson? He looks so tall xD
Must cease ostentatious erudition.
Personal pursuits excite students
.literally :using stop to need we word one the
This really doesn't happen very often, but it's a New Order morning. What exactly that means, I don't know.
you guys are twins!!!!
Tomorrow I will go to the flash mob! It is necessary to have fun from the heart!
We've got 8 kids coming to USJN tourney this wkend...6 of them are 6' ft or bigger...the other 2 are 5'10 guards, should be interesting
thank you for the delicious kringle!!
lol...diet? that takes discipline, Lord help!!! Well keep it up it's working for you!
One of my all time favorite tunes.
What is your favorite Pandora station? I'm bored with all of mine and need some ideas.
guys get ur contest entrys in!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at #Buzzcation this Wednesday!
It will be a bigger, better world.
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff simple w/ me ,b/c if U did something so bad to really piss me / do me wrong - I cut you out my life all the way
Omg it's like a bagillion degrees in my room right now 😓
We love Long Beach! Spent a night on the Queen Mary 'bout 10 years ago. Thanks for the follow, looking forward to sharing.
Why does Governor-elect Walker oppose mass transit options? We are forced to buy cars w/o options.
Ive always respected you + been a fan.. plz dont ruin that and say you'd consider playing for the heat
Close game but I'll take it!
will do!
This English paper is killing me.
My rational mind tells me the same. Online Vaccination Hysteria...well...it's working.
I wanna make YT videos haha. But no one would watch it ):
I appreciate that retweet sir. Much love and respect
dane copies me
cant lose you cant help it sorry im so selfish
I wonder who her clients were?
is that like "hens?"
Trying to decide if I actually want to submit a proposal to #acrl13. If I do I better get my act together.
I will collect APUSH 20th Century projects on a website, use to review before exams next year.
RT : Deacon in the air-chair and liking this new Trey Songz (song) "Unusual"
Don’t run too many miles too slow. Running slow, teaches your body to...run slow! Instead run fewer, faster miles.
iwillmovement.blogspot.com real talk with a Godly perspective!
Join us for lunch! Last day to try our amazing #GrilledCheese special!
iF your dreads look like you just got out da beach wit all dat dirty lookin shii n it.. YOU ARE NOT PIMPIN
I don't sit here and do mixes or mixtapes but I should just record ONE! And for the title is gonna be FAKE RECOGNISE'S FAKE....
When you truly find love, you find yourself.
I got suspended I can't even go lmfao
Getting sleepy sucka...
Thanx dude... i dig ur videos on youtube
I hate when people ask for a follow back, but they're not even following you.
Hi loves :)xx
Not at all ;)
What! That's right near my house!
Happy 2nd anniversary Affordable Care Act - what's your favorite provision?
"Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest." - Mark Twain.
did you know your apps may have access to your friend lists? Check your social network privacy settings, get rid of apps u don't use.
“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.”
those are awesome ideas!
www.fpyouthoutcry.org visit and learn more
Nice! I love both of those books.
Hairspray cast was excited for Naya Rivera from Glee, but she didn't show up. :( LOL
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.Oliver Goldsmith
Currently in LOVE with 's album. Ugh your voices are beautiful. Make babies.
Is it possible NOT to eat well in Italy??
#MarianUniversity baseball visit with great coaches and school. plays a big game at #VictoryField tomorrow.
#follow cause she's a positive gal making some positive moves in her career
Very funny Scotty, now beam up my clothes.
started my training for the San Fran 1/2 marathon today with a 4 mile run. a glorious LA day. How are you enjoying your weekend?
um, , im waitin on that talk to wanted to give me, ya kno about that friend i sed im gettin tired of
will try that one too. The whole thing with AB for me is the potential for setting up lucid dreaming that people report.
Dwyane Wade shouldn't be questioning anyone's celebrating. It's not like the Pacers set up a stage and guaranteed eight championships.
Congrats Trenni, you deserve it.
G'Evening tweeps. If U don't want to share in my uber-snarkiness about the #bachelor, just ignore me 4 the next 2 hours.
just now catching up on Twitter and saw your tweet from Thurs morning. No worries we can connect next time!
Thanks! We will be sure to give you credit. :)
Had a nice discussion on LIFO and FIFO accounting methods with my wife while picking up discounted coffee for our stockpile.
"What's chiefing ?" *white girl voice* Lmao
were you in for service?
It is time for you to begin to open up to your own manifesting abilities by awakening to yourself and taking back your power.
lookin for work
RT : Q3) How are you collecting formative and summative data now?
You Were Awetastic(Awesome and Fantastic) On !!!!
Today in 1934, the first Laundromat opened in Fort Worth, Texas.
and selling your license to a place in the innovation district or back bay is attractive (restaurant/bar) breezeway/packy's
amazing. May he rest in peace.
Time for bed now. Then comes the start of a new day of wonder and amazement. OK, maybe just a new day, but who knows?
Hot water is such a pleasure to me.
service available 24 hours a day, seven days a week for all of your emergency locksmith needs. We can open just about anything you can lock.
Every time I see #dontdoublemyrate, my mind sticks "bro" at the end. Is trying to stereotype college students, or am I?
Orlando come check me out tonight for the xxl red carpet event chakra tonight
On my school way :/
Happy Mothers Day !!!
4:21 on 4/20! Haha! Got a minute? (Cough) 10 days until UFC's epic card! O I cannot wait to try out my new gloves !
In theory, I agree with you. Managers do a terrible job at maximizing the value of their closer.
well you're wrong because it says maybe not baby :p lol
Thank you for the support and sharing us with your Twitter network! You rock!
Thank you for mentioning
I don't know who irks me more: tom crean or alec jury.
I do the exact same thing holy crap hahahaha!!!!
#REDParty w/ , open bar til midnight if you come dressed in red! will also donate $10 to AFAN for each guest in Red!
Struggling with people rescheduling at the last minute. Not to mention the weather is starting to get to me.
Thanks to you, I'm going to resurrect the word "cripey" in my vocabulary. HA HA HA!! It'll make my family proud.
you know whats up :)
8 hours?? Musta been quite a night ...
If I could use 150 letters to describe to you how awesome Avengers was i would. But alas I cannot. So just go. It's awesome.
Thanks! MT Thanks for the great talk on photo preservation at QC! From a layperson's perspective, it was very educational.
GET IT SHENELL
thanks dude 😊
love doing the game but dammit don't jinx us!
Now following you on tumblr. Best wishes.
A final look at #bookless tonight, thanks to the artists and organizers for a great event
Daylight Savings, I hate you.
Yes, I was thinking it must be something along the lines of false positives. I'll open a ticket. Thanks!
Maybe you should take over Brooke's job at Fox Sports... Timeouts and re-entries would be much better.
Ewww she got vomit in her hair....I would cry
thank U,had a nice day.Wish they did a better job 4 Andy, thoght he had a real good 1st game.Way 2 many people left on base
The fact I got third place <
And now I'm having visions of a buddy-cop movie starring Johnny Knoxville and Keenan Ivory Wayans.
But they're precision incisions. And that rhymes.
Not being in school right now >
I wasn't following , but was following Fixed that. Thanks for the unintentional #ff. ;)
amen followed up with Omaha
If we only have one this year, who should be our all start? I'm thinking Butler or Moose.!
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom
Still time for some piercings tonight! We are open till 10pm!
May I request Defying Gravity :P
Woo CouchDB 1.2 released with new features and cleaned up website, just in time to put it into the book :)
I love everything mentioned in this mango post! Next time we make slaw...mangos will be a new feature!
Just landed in Chicago to meet with one of our partners, love planning for a new NFL season!
You are what you think about all day long. (Dr. Robert Schuller)
manicotti and stuffed shells which one you like the most ?
I'm gonna enjoy this
hey, enjoy your time with your man, it's all about love this summer! Tell him I said hi!
"I'm determined to remain forever young even if I die trying."
The best! :) RT : Great to see you today-- glad to know UComm is a solid career launch point!
Doc on Avery Bradley's shoulder: "It's [popping out] every other game now, and that's obviously becoming a problem."
I gave up and hopped on the #30wb at 7:25, even though it wasn't as convenient as #10 was to destination. I had to be on time!
careful, talk like that will get you kicked off twitter
It's only a matter of time until Facebook adds 'Friend-zoned' as a relationship LOL
I NOW look at bad days as "on-the-job" training. THESE are the days that have made me an equipped soldier for my cause.
Flying to Seattle on Sunday for Xbox commercial
And get sent back to rehab?
How about Scott Cherry (Former GMU Asst) getting that job?
sharing is caring :-] plus, group activities are so much more fun than solo :P
Thanks for the RT! See you at #HIMSS12!
or work on my SHIT with ME
McDonald's with and
Looking for a new IT Job? Follow to see OPEN IT JOBS at Top Companies across the US!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Enjoy the biggest full moon of the year tonight.
I got the new HTC 4g evo this is the best app phone on the market for me most of my phone have been HTC -BB storm move over iPhone
alright that was enough snow for me. ready for spring
Too much Botox!
There's some vague ideas in here I agree with, but I don't believe in absolute Socialist society, not possible anyway.
The mission of PhDeets is to give PhDs a place to boil down their dissertation into a tweet.
I was just sitting here filling out my planner and adding things into my phone..#ScheduleJunkie Planners, Planners, Planners hahah
this show is mindblowing. Bruce & friends in a 2,700-seat venue. @ sxsw. A true rock 'n' roll moment.
I'm thinking I'd rather see a Duck with a half the speed who can hold onto the football than the fastest player on the field who can't
Southbound I-35 semi wreck just north of Norman. Traffic at a stand still.
its official! we will be shooting a video for "okay" soon!!
I listen to "Someone Like You" repeatedly every morning, you have such a beautiful voice and you are an inspiration
I'm great too! We're BBQing right now & it's beautiful outside. The house hunt is slow, but we know the right one will come along.
what a weird one that was. Supposed to be an article about us in that site tomorrow.
Just saw a Poise commercial with and I gotta admit the idea of her leaky fairy bladder was uncomfortable & yet kinda hot.
RT : Khloe Tweets about the Roast: Kan't we all just get along?
Good luck!
Omg! Lol wow, there could be many captions for that pic! Hope u had a blast Carrie! Any East Coast events soon? Cheers, Emmi
There is a trail of high heeled shoes from my closet into my two year olds room. :)
I've cube
no coach with a shot at 0-16 is getting fired! You plaaayyyy to win the decade.
Cowboys are shopping Mike Jenkins to get back in 2nd round
Very nice! Thanks!
no sir lol
Adele has shed 14lbs thanks to a vegetarian diet.
So... Bryce Harper got mad and swung his bat at a wall. The wall swung back, bouncing the bat into his eye. He ended up needing 10 stitches
Radiate.. Be your Sun. Out Shine the shinny things.The Omnipotent Reality that You are Can't be Boxed or Dis Mantled.
Celebrating what w my beautiful gf and #ianmagid who has no twitter
Do any of you guys live in Ohio? Tweet me if you do
Two days untill we tear this place apart
The belly dance class@ powerhouse gym went well today. My Ladies are really down packing the technique. I am so grateful!
why did you have some more bad experiences? :P or just not finding what you're looking for?
In da club
Took gold fixtures from a flip and had them powder coated to an oil rubbed bronze. Looked awesome and saved $3400
#Brewers come Home and take on Reds. What else can go wrong?
I love you so much that i'm starting to question it..
Tip of the week: Improve your diet by eating orange fruits and veggies. Squash and carrots contain vitamin A that boost your immune system.
#FF to some inspiring moms for this #MothersDay: , , , , , ,
oh please don't tell me this is connected to current life events!
#black church is so hypocritical why you telling folk not to vote when half your church is #gay and lesbian and having sex with members
Epic all-nighter workshop.
yea it would be weird and no not really and are you still in that class :P lol ?
After seeing that Steelers fake punt I'm gonna sign Daniel Sepulveda to compete for quarterback. We need another one.
Words don't get to me, but action does.
And a TD pass from Shipley ... to Ash. I think we've found our QB.
positive energy miss.
Thank you for the mention in your bang, bang post! I can't believe I'm already answering mom-ish questions.
This is goodbye . No more nice me . I'm sick of being nice to you
Had a blast at the show tonight! :) Can't even fit all thoughts into one tweet.
Moe is dakota don't stop touchin me and go to bed wit her evil looking self omgg
adooooorbs. Miss u guys!
BOUNCE BITCH
lol stupid men who produce it are attracted to me.
Women only tell Wat they want u to know but expect you to tell everything
Welcome! And sure, about the 16th.
"Wine is the most civilized thing in the world." - Ernest Hemingway Join us tonight as we offer HALF OFF every wine by the bottle!
tell me what he says
I wanna put something together with my peoples over at
The 4C Collective Studio is in FULL EFFECT!! Planning, writing, freestylin, praying, having a good time doing KINGDOM MUSIC!!! #MSPMONDAYS!!
I'm so dope, I got bit my the drug dogs today at school
I'd give the speech an A
Oddly, I keep capitalizing "furlough" in IMs and emails and stuff.
While Jacking off RT <-- Gonna watch the smashing Ashton Korver #And1 about 500 times tonight
Had a great 3 days in a tax seminar in Vegas! Time to catch a red eye flight to Atlanta and head to the office in the morning.
lol okay. you'll see! im smarter than youu!
Great workout. Summer is around the corner
Discussing pilot legislation for 3 electric vehicle charging stations in Cleveland. To be operated by CPP.
":My friend went to Wis 3 days ago haven't heard from her since. I assume they kill ppl/cellphones there” death by cheese curds
Just doing my best to keep it fresh - thanks for the kind words!
It's like spring practice for as we update our 52 blogs in time for 2012 #HSFB season.
happy mother's day to all mommy's in the world..!
of course i watched the game the offense was trash thank god for our d
#truestory “: more money for the only added service of fresh towels. Fun!”
alone with my host stand for the next 2 hourss... fml
Thank you for following me on Twitter! Lissy
This work is lame o;
Assemblyman David Weprin named Democratic nominee in Special Election for Congress to be held on September 13th.
So mean for someone with such a sweet face :p Well its cool, Diner smells good here anyways :)
#40 Bro, there is no such thing as "nothing" and without love we are nothing, get it? 1 Corinthians 13:2
Way to go Mrs. Eleanor Holmes Norton
Happy hump days everyone enjoy your day!
Them #Hoosiers are unconscious
I also really want to go to Vancouver
Don't move back here remember the last time you were here d-oh!!
if your my Romeo I'll be your Juliet
whatcha up to?
Meow... :) RT : my cat said good morning to you too :)
Just met and and Lucy of course!! What amazing people thank you for joining us!
That's a bold hash tag. We will see what happens.
Good Morning everyone waking up in #Chicago on my way to #Scottsdale this evening...
Purdue football game.
Aww my baby sore from football practice Aww...
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
just got express dropoff and felt extra special
yea lol just a different species
Just spent an hour playing with Good stuff. Can't wait for the facebook integration.
- is the mastermind behind the sweet side of all the NeighborhoodRestGroup. Id recommend anything she touches
I'm kind of at the point where I feel like all of my profs hate me & I'm okay with that. I shouldn't be but I kinda am.
To own is to fear.
What does it MEAN that Jon Hamm does voiceover so for so many commercials? Surely there is some symbolic relevance!
Everything is getting better and better!!!
I think I'm getting sick :( & I had a horrible day at school today. If u tweeted me "feel better" I think I most definitely would
New EP from The Shakespeares on iTunes. So good. Go get it now. (via )
you're going to need another drink, lord grantham
In honor of Earth Day, children throughout the world are running into their homes wearing muddy shoes.
Seriously, do it!!!!!
Have you ever noticed that when your in love nothing else can be going right for you but it seems like everything else is perfect.
That spider scared the #crap out of me!
You're welcome! RT : Thanks to , and for a weekend of engaging entertainment.
It's it amazing how everyone is always looking for the bad in everything? Braun was right, this is far from over, but I believe him!
I called it! It is now snowing here!
I saw Forey! Kilt, bare feet and all!
#SantaRobIsComingToTown ...and wraps presents like a four year old. [:
Ok, back to cake boss, Buddy says "lobster claw" is his wife's favorite, and it does look amazing. So try one and report back!
not sure . All other shops are closed now as of a few months ago
Beautiful night outside. I'm blessed to be alive and well, praise the Lord!
my friend just called me and all i heard was wind and a little girl laughing....
Dang all my friends be sayin all that to! i miss KC!
Thanks, folks!
You andi we were born to die
Yeah, we're going to need a moment to weep about Derek Rose and the 2012-2013 Bulls season.
My day is gonna be awsome! I don't have to do anything all day!! 😌
Oh wait- just realized he's not on the phone but talking to himself.
Follow Chances band, , they are pretty rad and they love you :)
hey just now got on twitter...NOPE babes wasnt my party. If it was you know you would had been invited.
doing some cool research.
squealing like a fucking weirdo while grabbing your crotch and staring at me llike a chester is not going to get you my number.sorry.
wendys smell like Fart right now
I'm not just suggesting shock and awe this time, though -- I'm suggesting shock and awe and a drum circle, Bob.
Great! I am open to location. Is there someplace that works well for you?
There is one very vocal audience member on #DWTS! Has anyone ever gotten kicked out?
On one of the most ancient sites ever
blow da phone up
Nothing like bag pipes!
As opposed to throwing batting practice at Coors Field earlier this season?
I need a nap.
good to know.. I just read online that it wasn't going to be available.
At #Japanese restaurant yumm :D
Facebook... too cluttered?
I thought you were getting a rat rod? I just saw post pics of your mini. Gotta say I'm diggin it!
and I can't describe,ther's Something About the Way You Look Tonight♥
Shoot out tomorrow #with the sister(:
that's a good thing ;)
Haven't had a chance to listen to your stuff yet but I'm sure it's great.
People don't change unless there is a crisis (and if they don't, flee!)
we know...you think your the funniest person in the world
I went #Zorbing yesterday! Thanks to the I was able to #zorb, #luge and stay in a great base #Hostel in
Its raining..soo...imma go ...play in the rain xDD
congrats...it's about time!
Walla Walla Onion Rings now in season .
having solo meeting of Nic Cage fan club - watchin It Could Happen To You - a thief requests box of Virginia Slims - surprisingly comedic
I hope to do a lot of traveling this summer :)
Coffee is no longer working. Crunching numbers is not for the sleepy-headed! Time to relax :)
Breaked it down in boat shoes and a cardigan. Couldn't help myself.
I could eat that humbow every day! And those ribs!! Delicious. Thx for your hospitality as always.
sitting here in the studio working on a commercial soon to be aired. Putting the final mix on it... COMING SOON!!!!
OH: "You're so judgmental. Is that what hackers do? They judge?" cc'
: Follow me I'm going places!
Norwegian has great deals for 7 day western carribean leaving from Tampa! Contact me for details!
just saw your mom at McDonalds..
"If things don't work out, call me.." OMG. LINDZI. HAVE SOME DIGNITY HONEY CHILD!!!!! BEN LOOKS LIKE A BABOON!!!
Sometimes I miss the innocent, uncomplicated, unjaded times of our youth.
I'm fucking tired of being sick about it. Stand up now and be a man about it...
Night Everyone
stashman..get some sleep man..once the little ax moves in...that's it for the sleep
Walking with my XL-size, aerodynamic-vented canopy umbrella in a light sprinkle feels a bit of an overkill
happy birthday to the lovely today!! Lunch at Archi's, yummiest Thai food ever :)
“: Burger King will go out of business within 2 years ..mark my words. Their food has gone from bad to worst" THIS is so true!
"Academy Award nominee Jonah Hill" still doesn't quite roll off the tongue well yet.
i kinda loved ur old life <3 I gotta admit I'm gonna miss it a lot nothing will be the same.. But I'll support u wherever u r
can u tell her to follow me it would mean the world to me
Drinking el Mole Ocho
Carlos Santana = Legend.
Look who joined Twitter!
Ah the glory years. For now I'll just settle for the playoffs.
Green is the way!
Have I been working too much or did we just skip spring and land a summer heat wave?!?
See, the team is PLAYING putrid. The players are far from. The problem is Smokes in the clubhouse.
I liked the Missouri line. I don't follow the other person that tweeted it, so it's all good over here :-) 'Twas funny!
I was standing right there haha.!
how u get his number ??!!
So soon as I'm done with these exams tomorrow ...I'm gone need a good drank!
I'm bout to be up all night. Damn
The feeling is mutual! RT : what's not to love about ?! They rock our socks off! :)
: Special acoustic show 2 February at 930pm. Location: THE RENAISSANCE HOTEL & SPA-HOLLYWOOD. New songs from the new album, and it's FREE!
": Thanks good Brother! Stay blessed 'til next time we meet."~We both will be blessed until and after then. Ttyl.
my parents wouldnt take me to LA for a concert.... :/
RT : MILITARY FRIENDS: only 15 active duty discounts left! Email now for details.
In line Foursquare has me at this location 33 times. This one starbucks! Dont tell my husband!
good one!
Happy 4th of July!
I just got back. But I'll be back again. I've got a ton to do... Hey, FB me your number and let's have a phone chat tomorrow.
Just saw a & Ike walking by from inside Work it, girl! ;)
I don't know you, but I want to. You strike as smart, savvy and downright visceral sometimes. My kinda progressive, keep it up!
I have a lot of friends here who are Beachbody coaches. Those of you who are coaches, what is your favorite part of being a coach?
like that
Wow, thanks! I'm really looking forward to reading it!
yes! We must :)
#UKAllTheWay #AllCatsEverything Let's go boys!!!!!!
#JesusSaysNo to letting Jews plug in their iPods to Christian iPod chargers
congrats to our friends from on an awesome kickstarter campaign! Can't wait to see what's next!
: ah. we had a memorial playing of Paul's Boutique before i headed out. (we will catch up soon! <3 )
”More than a Feeling” just came on the radio and my fingers involuntarily began moving. Played way too much Guitar Hero in college.
One day I hope you look back at what we had, and regret every single thing you did to let it end.
good luck getting it back in it's original cube form
Hi all!
In my inbox & will be included this week. Congrats, South VN is a good club but sounds like NAFC held up well.
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked dog ate my homework...
How long is Fall Break?
Try Strictly Roots in Harlem,they are great!
Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders
Not going to lie i kind of like being a tease sometimes
thanks im going to need it lol
Good thing Kentucky beat Radford. I kinda pre recorded some sportscasts for tomorrow morning earlier today that said they did.
could you plzz plzz follow me ???♥♥♥♥ :D
it is not gone :)
my abs are hurting from laughing non-stop for an hour last night at 's show.
washing dishes<<<<<<
Power Yoga 7:00am tomorrow. Powerful way to start the day, or end one, depending on your lifestyle.
she reached out to do a piece on and interviewed myself for her Inked Mag. blog! Love her!
Still in bed being a lazy bum.
Touch screen keyboards are awesome
TONIGHT AT PALM GARDENS NFL CELEBRITY BASH MUSIC BY DOORS OPEN AT 10pm
Mint chocolates in bed. Breaking diet. Bad, bad lolo. Must work out for 6 out of next 10 days and get back on salad life.
Tornado warnings issued for Miami and Hamilton (Cincinnati) counties until 5 pm.
That was a good
im so excited to get a chance to work on a story about dog fighting
I told him I was likely wireing cat-5 throughout the house to put u-verse in each room, maybe that was a mistake
hey mama just checkin in on you...saw the show it's going to be crazy this season
Anyone who doesn't enjoy "Call Me Maybe" is a communist.
I expected one arm push ups from you.
HEY GEORGE!!!!!! Whad up whad up, miss all of youu guys!!!!
Planning to wait it out for a table at ' tonight with !
The penguins say they want pizza but they just eat the anchovies off and leave the rest.
Thanks for the follow!
This must be the best #FF for Just found out the #kardashians follow her. It's also the worst day ever for her boyfriend.
“: Dude, chill. It's P.E not the Olympics.” this reminds me of Sarah and mason :D
Worldwide LGBT Civil Rights March (Washington DC) - April 21, 2012. Be a part of it! Thousands in attendance.
wow, the delay on the iPhone app is enormous. I just heard that from Sterling. Stay warm, Kim!
I get the Neal hit wasn't good but IMO it was charging just like schenns should've been. No? Only difference was ash reacted.
Enjoying this pretty spring day!!! Hope everyone is having a great day : )
Colts, "Hey Tressel, interested?" JT, "do I have to enforce any rules?" Colts, "we have a commissioner to fine players." JT, "then YES"
Today we will pass 1k DLs of #ExperienceJoeRogan Thank you to for the help and all and fans!
#tu320 Constant Partial Attention = new "multitasking"
Sick again. :( It's like I'm sick for a few days and then I get about two weeks before I'm sick again. blaah.
Ha! I will accept your apology when album #2 comes out. :D
I'm wit it wit it wit it
My mom keeps Saying texans are gonna choke I told her Shes a liar
I Gave Up EVERYTHING For Who I Loved ! But I Lost My Girl. . . To Some Groupie Love !
congrats girly! I loved it there when I visited, you're gonna have a blast in Cali!
So glad you enjoyed it!
Congrats to the for closing out the Western Conference Finals in 4!!! Awesome, awesome job guys! #allin Get it done in final
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~ David Brinkley
the article said indefinitely. Probably for the season
School is open
figures I just misplaced mine somewhere in my house. Landscape's nice, but I need a "Find my Kindle" feature! :-)
You are the first person who has been able to make my heart beat slower and faster at the same time.
Making 'kraut now RT : saurkraut one is interesting - makes me want to eat more kimchi & banchan!
yeah same here I was just trying to avoid the mall.
hi I really adore you and want to talk to you. If you have a chance that would be awesome! I know you are really busy!!
This shits getting like a horror moviee.
Dealing with my boyfriend in law school #incollege has been a challenge. I think I'm going to channel it into an epic #VoxTalk blog post.
Congrats to your boy from flight of the concord on his oscars win these guys took it far..
#YouGetPointsIf you're a
Already an important homestand this week for the #Brewers. 6 gms against the NL Central, starting with the #Reds. Need wins & health.
We're becoming mindless drones with our eyes glued to a 4" screen.
pussycat, pussycat, I love u!
that's normal for you because your always up till morning LOL
I want pizza and hot wings...
Funny... Some girl that looked like a ring girl just ran across the stage.
thank you for the info. I will check it out.....
I'm restless, can't get this off my chest, now its time to decide. Is it worth this or worse yet its worthless and I'm wasting my time.
Thanks! Here's to fine wine and good reads.
That's awesome! Glad you enjoy it! :)
pleasure! & ty too. Good school went there myself 4 a while now daughters there. Good ol Lubbock. lol nice 2 meet u. God Bless
I'm sorry I'm not perfect I can't do everything right like you do
but it pays off.
High on the list of depressing things: watching a pregnant woman walk into McDonald's.
Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. Tao Te Ching, via << get some good news for a change!
Why do they hire these bi polar Chicks to hold serious Jobs lol?
I can't believe I'm actually sitting here listening to Dreamchasers 2😱
Frankly, it's like: Johnny likes Mexican food, and Sue likes Mexican and Chinese, but Danny won't eat Italian. Where should they go?
Wow...US CTO restrained tears telling how healthcare advances helped treat his newborn's ventricular septal defect.
every time I eat at Freddy's I get sick. so why do I keep going back?
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a gift, that's why we call it the present.
I went running for the first time in over 2 years. My legs aren't gonna work in the morning.
My rep called Michelle Rodriguez's rep to talk about Road to Sturgis and they said not interested before they heard about it.
Missed a couple days running the Roomba. It is judgementally pushing candy wrappers out from under the couch.
White folk are funny when it comes to black hair lol they pet me like a dog... 0_o
Thanks! I almost got the Celeb Widget, but then I got scared... I think I may still retain a small tech phobia :)
Aging & Health has a lot to do with how you enjoy your Retirement. I hope to share why & how "UcanRetireEarly" to Live & Enjoy Your Dreams
“: I think Viola is gonna take this.” definitely!
Happy Mother's Day! I have the most amazing mother anyone can ever have <3
if I can ever get my hands on an Astro Video Prowler or clam shell Shock Waves it would make my year.
I'm having minor surgery today. I'm a little scared, it's my first surgery of any kind!
It disturbs me that the only person you follow on Twitter is I'm not shocked. The hair toss won you over?
Oh yea... I could use some new followers!!
Finished with the gym! Has great morning workout sessions! Gonna eat than back to the gym!
If yo bank account doesn't have at least 1 comma, you're not ballin
as if i don't have enough trouble sleeping...
What up tho
Oh, guess what? You're never going to guess! Omg. this is such exiting news. omg. like, you wanna know? gurlll! werk it!
I gave +K about Food on
Alright, Alright, Allrriigghhtt....# random
why the fuck am i up so early ??
Go Follow Now
just did it
The guy at the gas station just used one of those pens on my $20 bill to see if it was fake...
John Solly plays tonight at 7pm! Don't miss out!
ASIDE FROM THE BREAD AND PRETZELS
That's our new favorite line from Carolyn Haywood's book "Penny and Peter." It has occasioned much hilarity this afternoon.
Good job boys!!!!
the things you tweet sometimes are just plain disgusting.
Everyone calm down.
You were actually invited to the Letterman Show and you turned them down? What's up with that?
sprain? break?
do you guys do sunday morning airport runs?
it was great :)
#east #side tell I
I'm really Cool to talk to but I talk to most people on my other account
Rocking some Red House Painters on The Casual Geographer
Cameo appearance at the University Bowl coming soon
Holy moly! Hailing HARD!
drivin to the westside from b rip
Life is like a wave motion, full of highs and lows
Thanks for the follow! We love your KUSI appearances!
is #welovemamamalik gonna trend now or...?
Love the name. So...what do you do there?
Transact SQL & SSIS Developer position - Atlanta
3000 is a true achievement. Congrats!
Maybe this Friday?
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. #Shakedown”
RT CHICAGO. Come hang w/ us at 103.5 KISS FM today at 2:30pm! (233 N Michigan Ave) We'll have tix and meet & greet passes!
Where did the warm weather go?
I love road trips omg :)
Missing my ex Miguel
no Austin no my life is officially ruined my dram was to meet you 1 more time before I left next year but your leaving 😢😢😢
hey, would be happy to see a show sometime. we're both in LA so lets make it happen. let me know when youre playing & where
RT Have A PS3 With YLOD? You Can Easily Fix ThatFor Only $30 -- Don't Send It To Sony For $150 And Wait 6 Weeks -- Chk It Out...
where my invite
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.. SPREAD THE WORD
Thanks for the reminder to drink water!
22. I LOVE CLASSICAL MUSIC!
Listening to the Show podcast archive. Nice!
give credit where it is due,Cards looked damn good tonight,I hope to play them in the final 4 to see if Chane thinks it is a piece of cake
is it really that big of a gap? It seems more like Lawrence where some say Women in Love and others Sons and Lovers
NEW MUSIK COMIN A.S.A.P....IM NEXT UP!
when I meet Austin: "hey I just met you & this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe ;)"
Thank you so much for the follow! Peace!
Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe & B TRE Drink specials all night long
For the life of me, I have no idea why it's national news when a college coach is fired. Big deal; hire a different overpaid gym teacher.
BROADWAY BAR "NIOSA" BUS PARTY TONIGHT !!! I DONT THINK DOWNTOWN IS READY FOR THESE CRAZY PEOPLE :0 !!!!
Watching streaming live at obmcc.org. Check him out for some great word.
My boss then lost his damn mind....bitch ass nigga gne throw some keys at me n snatch papers out my hand!! I bout to lose my job.
haha nice. did you dropbox yours? cause it didnt let me.
It's Friday
I love tacos!
I didn't listen long enough to get a name. However, I do have something for you to make your day brighter tomorrow!
hahaha I feel that. It is a one sided game lol
You're *
PUT ME IN THE LOOP BAD NEWZ,DRUGS & BWILDS PROD.BY BWILD FOLLOW NOW
Sergeant Kabuki Boner
Okay, I think I've made my choice. I just played "the game" a little more than I like to.
where u sitting? Look for the blue blazer ;)
Happy Hour and tour of Language ETC tonight! 6pm at 2200 California St. NW. Look forward to seeing you there!
10 for $10 bell peppers at safeway = I just ate an entire pepper and didn't even feel bad about it.
#nw | Bridesmaids <-- This movie will never get old.
These next couple of months are looking like hell right now. I hope I'll get through this.
A drunk EWE...actually, a tipsy goat...
There's some things that no matter what you tell yourself or how often you remind yourself that you just can't control, its primal...
Presenter query on methods & pedagogy concerning: "Space as intersection of cultural & social movements." Interesting use of iPod.
You should definitely come hang out at CfA.
im good bra u still balling
I AM SO SICK OF HOW STUPID U.S. DEPT OF EDUCATION EMPLOYEES ARE! IT MAKES NO SENSE!!!!
very nice Daniel. Don't worry about what's been done or not been done. Do it your way and own it, as you did with this one ;-)
He'll be writing prose in a week.
We promote the best music
good to see you today!
Excellent choice! We hope to see you back soon!
When the Mets are up, no one watchin, people go to shake shack, fart... changes wind direction to directly at home plate.
How about Team Knickers?
My optimism for this team has gotten swept away as fast as a trailer home in an EF5 tornado.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. Peter Ustinov
Sample 23Things "fail": not getting staff buy-in first
I'll check it out...
I'm studying some anthro too. You're preparing for the exam, I'm preparing the exam ;-) Happy visit!
And SynTETic wins another ensemble award. I believe the word is "shocker."
Honored. Quivering with glee.
Visitors. Shoppers. Artisans. Craft aficionados. You ready?
I love you wifey!!
New phone!
This convo is making me super hungry.
I see you too! #lawlz love this class... Not
Got a number tonight. Alrigh alright alright
“: - And FYI we had a convo about not licking the ice sculptures a la A Christmas Story. cc: #gnice” HA!
I have like no followers, I guess it can only get better from here.
People on Vinny's wall are starting drama by correcting other people's spelling! ~Ashley
"Lil bitch ass thug douches" = Not Me
When you get to the dealer ask for a Carfax report
"Why Would You Do Without?: The Indispensable Colon and its Role in Catchy and Descriptive Presentation Titles" Colon=success
Are you wearing your green today? Tweet me some of your #StPatricksDay pics!
Think imma hit my favorite spot tonight
no I won't be there :( Just saw on FB you were coming up. I didn't realize you were coming!
Sorry about the head. I would have high fived you as well.
Griffin going coast I like that
My computer says it doesn't support PowerPC applications and therefor can't open TMBG Clock Radio! OH NO! SOS! ACK! & what have you.
gonna hang out with attack attack tonight! saweet!
CONGRATS IN THE NEW SPOT CHIEF. HEARD IT WAS MIAMI VICE 2012.
short term.
I hate when my phone says I have full bars but nothing is loading..
what where???
“: nobody cares if you look like an ostrich when you show up big for game 7” lol!!!
haha, said the Devil.
Pakistan has sharply criticised the USA for a missile attack on Wednesday in which six people were reported killed near the Afghan border.
For every action lies a consequence
Headed off to Johnson Trail in #DeathValley #NationalPark today.
soft drinks are for soft people
I hate it cause of drama
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "TYPHOON" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
Put on my party dress for party in Beverly Hills & ended the night by devouring 7 delicious street tacos. Oh yes.
But hand-buttered with creamery butter, right?
omg we are so hot.
I MUST NOT speak like a specification. It is RECOMMENDED to speak like a normal human.
RT : main justification for app is making use of advanced native hardware features. Camera, Accelerometer, File System etc
you know you wanna drink
has been involved in #lrmi and their mailing list is fairly active
hehe yeah! :D
I'm really glad I'm not a member in any way shape or form of the Kennedy family.
it is so freakin hot out 2day!!
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step but personally I'd prefer to sleep in.
I really want to keep reading my horror novel. I also really want to sleep tonight. Which road to travel?!
Yeah the thunder can shoot all these shots, but at the same time the lakers gotta keep the game within reach
my friend who won the race isn't even on email. Sean "Run Bum" just ran it the day after Ray Miller 50 and he is on Facebook.
I HAS FEETS!
Seems like a good time for to wake up now. Nice stand by the D. Let's see if we continue to have rubber hands.
Be here now
Todays #drake song of the day is Find Your Love.
There's no cure for a ugly heart
Always nice to get affirmation from people I respect that my feet are on the ground when it comes to distributed computing.Thanks
I'll start ruminating on what I want the letter to be about.
i'm shittin on ya whole life
30% off all sale items!!! Today and tomorrow only!
just never know
Are you at the choir concert?
Hell yes. RT : Schoolboy Q concert is gonna be off the wall I'm pumped
It's called TJ Oyster Bar
and individuals can be prosecuted for crimes committed in the territory of states who are parties, even if their state is not.
WHY YOU GUYS NO VIP ? LOL .
My sweetie is taking his mom on the boat today. Wish I didn't have to miss that. I'm working...
Good to follow one another on twitter.
It's just one game, we'll win this series
Assigned my Public History students to review a historical documentary and one suggested a 1980s topic. Is is history? Yes. Sigh.
i was thinking that, but i contacted some students i know and theyve all received their grades. i sent her an email, so we'll see
And it's raining?!
I don't think I'd ever get a line in LGB tho, so it's bottom on my list. Commuting there would be a lot easier tho...
Who is the best window cleaner in NM? You bet your glass I am!
I have measured out my life with 100 calorie packs.
Found out my sister got into a fight, lls she really be showing off when I'm not there...
This argument is getting heated on ESPN. Listen, at the end of the day this is football. Its a contact sport and lets not act otherwise.
you look fabulous girl!! Hope you had a great night! :)
Indy Conference Early Registration discounts end tomorrow - so register today for the only conference devoted to the Indoor Sports...
people are saying I got it and others are saying they got it cause it's was two against one. I think I did good for two vs one
clear? Where are you looking? Gray and cloudy in Beaverton/Hillsboro.
Your health-related tweets inspire me.
About to hit up #FortMason. San Francisco lifestyle is pretty legit
If Chad Durbin is on this team Friday then I'm done.
They should offer frosting as a topping on coffees.
when ever your ready bro and with any of my artist! U got that
God is love<3
LOVE your dance moves during the break ;)
Good luck at PHL - not a pleasant place...
Paul: Uninsured man in coma should "do whatever he wants to do." Asked if society should let him die, TParty crowd yells "yeah!"
heck I'll buy a case and never sleep.
and we don't see her until last period on Monday.
Please Follow Back (: ILY So much ..
and both put on an amazing set today as part of . #PDX rocks.
Congrats on the new space Chris, It looks Fab! cc
you're in.. be sure and like us on FB
#GetReady Special Guest announcement
Another enjoyable & effective team session w/ a long-time client. Some good breakthroughs! Need team coaching? Email
You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime
is cheering for you! Let us know if you need more #MagicCookies. Lets get it done tonight!
I want to give a shout out to For following
And add an oil change to that list. Hoorah!
2 umbrellas in mine please :-))
I know! RT : Three days before
Practicing counting backwards from 10 to 1.
ok ok no prob (:
Who has people in Denver? We gotta hightail it out there STAT!
Thanks! Same to you :)
she's a star if i ever seen one, a perfect ten and lord knows i need one
Nice BackGround (;
bring it
At this point I'm surprised Jesus isn't one of the headliners.
lol don't go to sleep you go on your DM (:
i aint saying anything you have a nice body your destroying it with greasy food though lol
what'd they say!?
Well fellow GBer's... looks like we'll be spending A LOT if time together in Sept!
Just listen to Nas.
Almost to 800 help me get there?
Really? Great topic. What term do they use instead? Can you send me an example.
I tried returning the favor link does not work sorry.
Paul's Guild acoustic has busted and been put back together so many times - it's surprising we still use this thing at our shows...
Crazy!RT : Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number u started with. Your answer is three. Mind=Blown
lost two followers.... like i care lmao
My dog just ate my cotton candy. Jerk :(
Is 2012 the year you want ALL your money 2 start building wealth 4 yourself and not someone else? Join me 2 learn the how and the benefits.
They say don�t believe your own hype, but if U don�t why would any1 else? 2 B great U have 2 believe U can do great things-Charley Johnson
A-Rod is the goat.
Also sadly amusing in Douthat's column is favorable comparison of US political climate/violence to Pakistan's. Oh, now I feel better.
Did you know #bcfootball AD Gene D is two inches shorter than Napoleon?
I'm with you! I love the character (she's pretty bad ass) and the music is wonderful.
I got a ring! I got a ring! We got a what..We got a Ring!! Them was doin the damn thang at the parade!! with the salsa!!
Don't forget , she's another of those Fox News "liberals".
if you cant say anything good well you know the rest i hope.lol
Just what the world needs, another #Duggar baby! Because 19 babies is just not enough. Love how some people get 20 babies and others get 0.
If the #Pens go on to win, remember that save by Fleury at the 19:00 mark of the 2nd period. That was an incredible save.
Acquia released it's new Drupal package "Acquia Drupal" today. It provides a well tested and supported version of Drupal and key modules
#fycchat For any higher ed instructors, what ped. training did you receive; was it effective? Compiling anecdotal responses.
You're very welcome!
anyone see new laron landry pictures? look it up
Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little talks, all our jokes... I fell..HARD
Get off of Facebook and come down to Rice Park to enjoy the delicious foodtrucks and great music by McNally Smith!
“: My students think I am hilarious. I don't know if they're laughing at or with me.”
you aren't black because the color of your skin
Thanks for sharing with us! We'll put you in the random batch o' names for when we pick ITunes winners later. Any ideas on worst album?
Just Do It
lmao it's true!
Fuck this school bullshit. When is
Thank you for rejoining TBS and repping bald people everywhere..I'll be with you shortly :)
Me and my girl Kamala were watching MTV and Kurt Loder broke in and we just started screaming. Moms was like, "WTF are you screaming for?!"
#Wake And Bake Dat Loud
no go to Camden I'll drive you
hitting the links. raise a can for a good round
i like your work. very nice photography
morning to all! on da grind!
: I wish I was laying in bed with you. #yeshomo « YES PLEASE! "You're horny, let's do it! Riding! My pony!"
Anyone on campus going to the midnight breakfast?
you would like that tweet...lol.
Big props for for honoring me "Editor Choice!" I love the crew of two bright lights. They rock!!
Come out to the Fern Park Sam's Club this Saturday, May 28th from 10:00 am- 3:00 pm for a great car show that benefits local kids!
I think that's the date. I'm on the show, too.
HELL YEAH! I'm gonna get the lime green leopard printed ones next
ya haven't you heard?
What are your top songs for the Carnival season?
uh, not in a hitting-on way, dads just seem to prefer it for some reason
As a notMitt, I can say Ryan's endorsement, & what he actually said, was the best that Mitt could possibly get.": value #tcot"
Women are like police, they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession.
Takin the ap test tomorrow glad i dont hav to see dr kinsman
Lost something in the #IUPUI library? Check the library's lost and found at the Circulation Desk. We have a ton of lost flash drives.
Somebody once defined a "tradition" as anything that has happened to a baby boomer twice.
Favorite drink at Red Door on Damen...(other than a good ole' gin & tonic) the Pico Sour!
brings my wonders to thy ears of such enjoyment of your day proceeds
Hey look, I got an #FF!!!! Oh wait. That was just me from my other account. #lilmissunpopular ;)
cant wait for the movie(:
#ThingsThatAreSEXY A confident man going to a business meeting... that just had his shoes shined
Hispanic for the day
Our hearts go out to everyone affected by the quakes and tsunami
nothing hurts as much as seeing/knowing/hearing/watching your true love being really happy with someone else...
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. ~ Anais Nin
The Countdown to 2011 Official Fam/Island Def Jam. 2 releases from Sin Cere by island def jam coming soon.
Want to compile a monthly Teaching Carnival ? Please email me billiehara We're waiting for YOU! (July forward is open)
Four likes til we celebrate our 100th like with a FREE tanning session for our lucky #100!
tweet me maybe? :D <3
That's dedication!!! Awesome!!
I have a prob wit wantin to help everyone b4 i help myself... Smh
entertaining my visiting parents and enjoying 6 days off. Sweet.
i really need i boyfriend
We think so too! Just wait 'till you read her 2nd book this fall :) MT : Guadalupe Garcia McCal () is an amazing writer.
#ThingsThatINeed TRUE Friends
started Monday
I need to watch that. I was so excited I stopped watching the feed and started jumping!
"Let us not wish for lighter loads, but for stronger backs" - T. Roosevelt. What do you whine about w/o looking at upping your capacity?
Coffee is not just a beverage...it is a cup of liquid sanity~
.... Fuck u kno how long it will take to put clothes on these bitches ... Fuck it
how are You today?!
Love this: "I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution." Werner Braun
Give the #gift of a new #Bathroom, #Remodel! #Granite countertops, #tile flooring, #cabinets...www.allstategc.com in
Thnx for the tweets about Pokatok. We appreciate it!
sack up
I bet he has. He isn't around all the losers in the Oriole organization.
Contemp Artists from South Asia, face a challenge of defining their identity as CITIZENS and ARTISTS in a multi-cultural www.zanbeelart.com
am I that predictable? ;)
your getting old
Thinks the format of the plenary might be broken.
Hasta pronto #TWITTERISTAS ! Go bed:) Tweet dreams xo;)
this one's not a secret ;-)
Getting so close to the 3 day weekend!! Can hardly wait!
C'mon ! Let's get number 6 in a row tonight.
thanks bestfriend!!! LOVE AND MISS YOU <3
Chipotle! How do you do it? Bowl or Burrito? I want to know your favorite ingredients, so I can taste what you like. ;)
Awesome show tonight really gonna miss this week but well be fine since we're going on tour next weekend. @
#giants are being slowly bunted to death. Quite lovely really
what's the marathon for?
Aw poor Puck!:(
So if you really want to tell him, you will eventually (:
I think I'm losing my mind.
how can I get in?
defense*** Looks like I'm avoiding that word completely
Oof. Rough night. Hope your day goes better.
Any indoor courts to ball today ?
I'll be lurking during #nptalk today, very interested in seo but working on a grant proposal!
Follow - great new dispensary on south broadway. killer product and deals like what.
There are far better things in the world than me.
nothing says devoted like spending 40 + nights at a ballpark without your husband or kids... Perception is reality Front Row
RT : Hm. I'm 8 books behind on my 2011 reading challenge. Need some great books under 200 pages. Suggestions welcome! Pls RT?
Some days I HATE email.
I just read Bartleby with my students! I would've preferred not to. (False.)
we seem to be circling back to "chief-learning" as modeler again. Nice!
FYI - Raeanna was expecting ya'll She started brewing your Tea even before I could tell her about your Tweet
Looking for recommendations... Who you reading online lately?
Laughter in in the Held Auditorium simulcast as professors on the platform take pictures of
These niggas are not making testing interesting -.-
Love hearing that OHIO cheer around the superdome!
Happy Wednesday facebook/twitter fam!
Is it bad that I'm at a dare graduation....and I'm hungover
At least we can agree on that. MT It is certainly not ok to discriminate on the basis of race.
Maybe will be a prophet, and we'll hear about Doc Sadler getting hired at KSU, next.
I love you.
sounded like a white Nintendo DS with zoom.
Guys how about you follow ? shes pretty cool <3
later gator!
Me, and a wine cellar to boot
After A Night 2 Dwell, #Maui Emerged As The Winner of My #Summer2012 Family Vacation! Thanks 2 All Who Swayed Me Back 2 The #Island!
The best part of coming home for Christmas is watching Judge Judy eviscerate liars.
i forgot to tweet
Congrats , , , on BIG series win over number 2 Florida!! Travel home safely
#Barcamptampa saw 379 people attend, that's a new record
RT : Pumped to chat video with you all next week. #revideo • Ditto! Thanks for being a part of it!
I think I'm old enough for a real relationship.
Is it me or has Waino lost some velocity?
both injury and no growth. Muscle can't repair and grow if you go too far.
Cannabis Crest - Cool new cannabis crest design
Life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being but one shouldnt take life of a lamb for the sake of human body. Go #Vegan!!
I wishh would say GOODNIGHT to me no one ever does
Happy Mothers Day lady. Stay positive and motivating. Love and miss y'all. If I could sing this tweet I would lol.
Agreed! I couldn't get anyone to go grab lunch elsewhere with me because "This is free!" :-| This food was gross. So gross.
Barney's Beanery..Happy Birthday Rich!
grrrl you got a lotta accounts now!
"Marriage rally" seeking to drag a fantasized corpse around the walls of the #Colorado Capitol today. See you next year.
Inches from the 1st down... Maybe millimeters
i spilled it on my crotch.
idk man, if gave me a fan call from the Boyz i think I'd like die. Right.there.
Calls also entail some pretty obvious response to the corp greed. For example, limiting corp. lobbyists' access to elected off
Montel Williams could play your older brother
thank you! there's a grad seminar on affect theory at UW that will be interested to hear what's going on there
You know, You really should follow me back.....What would it hurt, really? I like you anyway :(
oh really? I don't know why they do it.
Finally, a good workout after being sick!
#APowerfulPrayerToPray Lord, don't let me feel towards my enemies how they feel towards me. Let me be like Jesus and love them anyway.
had to miss it for the Badger game. Though maybe I should have made a different decision.
If someone is making "horrible rumors" about you, ignore it. They're just phishing for your password.
today I mean lol ie work x
how do I categorize a payment in my accounting software? Purchase? Donation? Make a new category?
Someday I will tire of Seinfeld reruns. That day is not today.
Tonight Ryan Roberts Trio w/ Matt Yeakley at the Federal Bar in NOHO. We'll be there, come hang out!
Tebow a Jet....Why?
RT : My zine is done. 2 hours of sleep in the past 28. I just got home. Time for bed.
hi alessandro,i'm your english fan :) u are amazing......
Me: "#Ableton Live....where have you BEEN all my life??" Ableton Live: "On your computer you asshole!" Me: "..........oh"
True. Will the gov know enough about poker 2 keep loopholes out that these sites might find to continue? Never know.
The national anthem is terrible! Boo... Really? The Fray?!
Q5: Don't stop until you get answers and start seeing real progress towards
It's difficult to be thin when you live for the moment. : }
you're awesome (:
Hey, I was just running with scissors.....
What he do? RT : G-Moneyy must think he grown or sumn. Ima have to put him on punishment
Thx Grant. :) RT : ive been a fan since I first heard a set of yours. Congrats on Killin' it!
Its cold in Washington too. I've got a fire going and a blanket. Lol
Found them!
Now, I'm just greedy. I want a buzzer beater. But, congrats to Purdue to upset St. Mary's
#newt will be happy to sell more books and go backto K st. #Paul just want to get a recognition for his ideas #Perry got talked into running
Thanks for the follow! I love your restaurant! It's in my personal Top 10.
what did the air writing say?
I thought I heard a plane crashing, but now I think it was your passion snapping.
you heard me
Kim I called the phone number you gave me and left the 4 numbers on his answering machine. Love ya. Say Hi to John for me.
going shopping. hit the cell if ya need me :)
he single handedly beat the Knicks in a playoff game THIS yr, on both ends.
The movie has been chosen: Triplets of Belleville! By a landslide vote! We hope to see you all at PZS Bike-In Movie with Whiffies!
my theory is having a "Beer Blog" means you've got an excuse to drink a crap ton of beer
Working on number sense, video taping for review by others. Mostly engaged, but could have been better (if I planned more). Sigh.
Thanks for your message! 7 PM is wind-down time & bedtime preparation here. My son is first priority. All the best! :-)
YES! I can get pretty mean haha especially when it comes to Justin bieber I'll defend him 4ever and always just like my boys
Arbonne strives to minimize the impact on the earth through the implementation of innovative/responsible environmental practices
photoshoot was a hit. Posting a few tonight so watch for em.
I JUST WANT MY PHONE TO CHARGE.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present. - Barbara De Angelis
There's a special place in Twitter hell for people who follow you just to get you to follow them back, pad their stats, then unfollow you.
so this is the future of Fiji ex patriots ... I love it
If it was up to you who SHOULD of won the #Grammys last night? Did you agree with the choices made?
Stop on over at a SCC & get a free extra espresso shot in your drink!
I got my coffee ready for the morning lol
I love to produce song after song it is so much fun!!
I need pictures of Farallone Islands foghorns from the 1880s if you have any.
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love. -Carl Sagan
"I stopped at a drive-in for a bottle of beer."
Looks like another #GWC today.. Experience is amazing for those asking
Well we have it here! All 36 of our drafts are on sale for $2!!!!!!!
They are ashamed of themselves RT : they are silent because they are ashamed of me.
#RappersBetterThanDiggySimmons most rappers really
amazing right! #Bath is beautiful!
I'm watching the Grammys. One day i KNOW i will see you on there(: #Represent!
Wow bout time
"Who wants that honey. Let me out!"
Great op-ed on women and water "It’s time talk of statistics turned into talk of solutions" -
most definitely. And maybe a friend of mine.
Is there now?!?!
Congrats Taylor :D
Princianna Durosier - Bullying Hurts - Passion about the eradication of the social ill that is bullying -
Yikes! Wow that hurts. I hope you find something soon.
yay welcome to twitter my long lost Cali roommate. Hope your showing DC whats up!!
Everybody go follow She's so lovely, she's a Mahomie&Acon she's beautiful and you would miss out if you don't! <AB
ur icon just made my day :)
Someone missed 's video... RT : Might be hitting up Madison tomorrow w crew.. Should be a great time..
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.
Fatso's Pizza is on Twitter! Follow us!
Confiscated the cat's squishy ball. It is cool to have a cat that likes to play fetch but it is cooler when it's not bedtime.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to connecting
where are you???
Please see my answer on to: How long is too long for a judge to rule on a divorce/custody case? - These things ...
O_o “: Poking holes in your parents condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes.”
Welcome to the real world.
I was scared on account of the glasses but I definitely died a little when he started singing. I'm involved!
“Love is a desire for & adelight in the well being of the one loved;leading 2active&aselfsacrificingeffortoftheir behalf.”-Russell Champlin
emoticons should be included in every Tweet so as not to confuse things. ;)
Just returned from #AFSCME Women's Conference in Milwaukee. My exhibit on history of women in AFSCME got a lot of good traffic.
WMYB was playing at the pool at Circus Circus. Boyfriend started singing :)
Thank you for all you've done in the world of #MMA. You will be missed.
How all the basketball players & soccer players are fighting (x
I have almost a months' worth of daily comics waiting to be inked. "Buffer" sounds a lot nicer than "laziness."
im finna take my shirt off
One more chancee, biggie gimme one more chancee..
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high POOR CONDITIONS
Dave Hoyt of Timbers Army joins us on NWSports tonight at 7:05 to talk about team
I'll be happy again...cuz we know who loses.
Taylor & I are about to jam with a new drummer. Let's hope this goes smoothly. He seems like a nice guy
Inside the List - New York Times
Used to love #ArmyWives, but it's turned so formulaic w blah writing. Girl needs a good drama besides
When people cold call with "exciting opportunities" it makes me feel slimy. Send serious propositions via email please.
FUEL blogging live at the National Scholarship Providers Association #NSPA conference!
please send good luck tweets to our #salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week! Great way to teach positive twittering!
The first weekend of Senior Week culminates in a "keg event". I wonder what that means.
Dear God, let me out of jail! Please! 🙏
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 314
come over we have plenty of lamb to satisfy your appetite!
The #Badgers have hit 5 3-pointers in a row. Its raining 3's in Boston
I'm weaning myself off of caffeine. And by weaning I mean quitting cold turkey. The withdrawal headache is starting.
Sir Wilfred Grenfell~ The service we render others is the rent we pay for our room on earth.
We think of our players as our friends & family so we invite all of you to the poker room to help us bring in the Chinese New Year tonight!
Why do I never get sat next to a hot guy on planes... #WheresTheHotties #NotNextToMe :(
Our Chat Night is today at 4pm: a fascinating discussion on females in gangs with special guest speakers from
Haha I'm going to the east coast on June 2nd and the 3rd! Quick trip though :(
we just tried our luck with 's quiz - 8 out of 10 - not too bad. The sports questions tripped us up, like always
AP reports President Obama to speak at high school graduation ceremony in Joplin
thanks man, it was an ordeal but everything worked out well in the end. :)
Now reads from MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE, opening in oldest Chinatown in Paris!
Pardoning the bad is injuring the good. - German Proverb
A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes. Some lions mate over 50 times a day. Would you rather be a #pig or a #lion?
sat down somewhure
Was that edition of Le Giornate del Cinema Muto really in 1999?
#IfDrakeWasOurTeacher *Drake What's Wrong?* Student nothing! "Drake i can see it in your eyes your angry.
Go Go Gadget. Inspector Gadget, Good times, Good times. Claw- scary depiction of evil, just the hand. Bloody specials till 5pm.
Drinking coffee in Koreatown listening to French Cafe music in the sunshine.
There was the BERLIN WALL and the GREAT WALL OF CHINA. WHAT WILL ARIZONA name their WALL? NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Let's get the baddest frontcourt in the land and bring in Orihaki
MMG is Like Tha Miami HEAT Ross Is D.Wade WALE is C.Bosh Meek Mill Is L.JAMES
Don't miss! Tomorrow afternoon from 4:30pm to 6:00pm. Ku Ha'aheo Evening Hula at our Fountain Stage.
Music transcends time.
You should be warned cause this is going a little too far.
#GOP 'RUNNING SCARED' like "Vampire Capitalist' hiding from "LIGHT OF TRUTH" shined on his despicable deadly deeds vs
Yeah dawg, I see you. Let's hit the gym one day. What gym you at?
Was great having you here!!! RT : Had the bestest time with at !!!! Love u so much!
"go bang your head against a wall" - Betty Draper! #RokuMom Lesson: Don't be bored around Betty.
Seriously bro. That was insane. #1 Rule of being a ref. Don't be seen or heard during the game...That was a D-Bag call...
Only 8 more followers to reach 1k! Help us spread the word and our mission!
Its so stupid that ESPN has a special releasing NFL schedules. I love the #NFL, but there's no need for this
Still waiting...
: SONIC. No one wants mints give us napkins instead!!!
BB: Mayer sets down the Stars 1-2-3 in the first. Eagles coming up to bat. Walker, Clark, Jaskulski.
I swear I first read this as being from Wendie Malick. Was going to crack "hot in" joke. But~ great pic!
Special #FF goin out to Go follow them. Seriously!
i cant believe darth vader is the avengers father.
" Is Al Cowlings driving your moving truck?"...no, but there's a bloody Tracksuit in a dufflebag.
Bouta Go et Sum More O.G HERIOJUANA, ICE, & MARS JUST HALF EIF OV EACH DOE GOT GET AH APPETITE
I figure even *they* got it right half the time.
Only got 2 right numbers on the lotto.
Loved the idea of a mansion for every state. Hated the idea of a dolphin embassy (seriously).
nope, but I like it!!!
if there was a fire in my house, I would grad 2 things: My kitten (Simba) :) and my hand signed Poster <3
How about we plan a crazy Chicago house party after Lollapalooza.....
Dairy and cheese makes me 🚶💨 my stomach hurts 😣
your preaching Sunday! Can't wait! :):)
And another one...
Alot of stores will b sold out of papers & 'gars today. And paper. Regular paper. For the amateur retards who don't wanna look suspicious...
I wish I still didn't know the definition of a subtweet. Now they're everywhere. Please stop.
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) :) :)
R u mad at me
hopefully first or second week of July. #R ours is too :)
aw man! Gonna have to call it a night- drawing due at midnight. Anyone up for brekky?!
just accidental xed out the opportunity to follow jesus. . .. .
Thanks! You too. Enjoy the hump day.
Both. Tonight and tomorrow night !RT : : is american idol tonight or tomorrow night ?
A great beginning to the day. Psalms 30:10-12 Hear O Lord . . . Thou hast turned for me mourning into dancing . . . I will give thanks . . .
It was tough this year but I think you all got pretty close. Only think I would say Haley over Coleman. any reason why?
DUSTY IS AGGRAVATED WITH THE PRINTER AAGH
“: #WeWontWork if you act different around your friends !”
Pop tarts are not for sex
A big thanks to on his last day with the Oregon 150 team. Good luck in Seattle and thanks for all your hard work!
w/ the silver plan do I pick the abstracts or are they selected for me?
All-time fave.
Very lucky! When in June?
I hate when I go to bed and my mind is forcing me to remember the things that I am trying so hard to forget.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Tips:DON'T give out your Social Security number unless it is absolutely necessary, DESTROY any unwanted credit card offers.This A1 Shredding
Awesome job you're doing for Teens!!
I feel like there's gotta be a basic internet recipe for that. Skip the pectin, especially if she doesn't want a stiff jam.
you're right im really scared...april fools lol
I was doing yard work, then I found a wasp nest
I think it's time to refinance. have any suggestions mortgage brokers anyone?
round of applause how much do you love Jac?
if my cocoa crispier were in the bowl and I spilled the last of the milk I may cry. Lol
hey! how are you?
This Saturday today = Very Active wheeeeew.!
Haha SAME!! RT : Rolling around on the floor.
On my way to Chris Brown Concert!
Cut your hair for my bestfriend ; . her cousin is 6 & has brain cancer & has been fighting for 18 months.
Aha Won Tickets On The Radio To Go To Universal Studios & To Go Watch The Brand New World Premier Of Transformers 3
I decided not to start making inquiries about the whiskey cellar within the first 30 min of meeting the boss. I know, lame.
While everyone else is getting up and getting ready to go to school,I'm getting ready to go get my license!(:
hello there
Has anyone read Choker by Elizabeth Woods? I have questions.
home at last
"Uh.. can I come hide in your house??" -
Conjunction, Junction, what's your function? Hooking up words and phrases and clauses.
