I have done nothing productive all weekend but lay around and listen to tsp and fun. on repeat \m/
a customer just asked for my name
Man can dese people get out of my space
I always will !❤
Thanks to Greater Abyssinia Baptist Church + Dr. Rev. Caviness for not making me leave when they heard how poorly I sing.
There are lots of showers & t'storms lurking around #NewMexico & more are coming! I'll have your complete forecast tonight on KOB Channel 4!
Happy Friday! Trying to get out of the office, the real question is why am I tweeting that. . . Have a good weekend
Yep, plenty of brilliant lines
Woody page
I see how it is lol :/
Is canceling Bored To Death?
yo bro long time man how u been
I can't fucking fall asleep.
I feel really giggly today lol
i miss the sweet boy of 15 that sings ''one time'' :(
Totally failing my history class this semester
I just wasted 25 minutes looking at afashionloveaffair.com. I love that site even w/all it's grammatical errors! Late for work!
Right on! : With Southern Luvin’ & Big Girl Burgers, the menu at Rosie’s Bar & Grill caters to all colors under the rainbow!
seems rather overcast. But cool still.
aw thats love lol. i got some music i wanted to play for you in person but ima just send it to your email
Writing til tipoff... in my zone
So glad you are here!!!! Looking forward to seeing you!
check your email
I like #startupstate - nice play on words. It is kind of long though.
It Would Make My Day If I Got A Tweet From You :D #BeICONic :D
' Hope to see everyone this Friday - please spread the word!
nah dude, you have it twisted dude. i know you dnt want to see me on the court or 2k.
Bella is every girls first name!
Good morning , lovelies. Hope your day is great as you are. <3
gotcha. I'm definitely new to web scraping, so I'm trying to err on the side of caution. Have you experimented much with twitteR?
i follow alot of people xD And sometimes they follow back. [:
And now I'm on the Acela with Chris Matthews.
lol gotta keep the gods happy :P
the gentleman fixing our plumbing is wearing suspenders that look like yellow measuring tape
Talk about a hole in one
Ah.. quite nervous on this semester all of sudden. We'll see.
Okay I'm not feeling this episode. Who grows their toe nails that long.
Thanks, Justin. Simplifies, but where's the fun? :) (Depends on district, I'm sure. #nc12 not as interesting as others.)
He u r so right!
Ingram Micro CE Hosts Its Largest Spring Event - Twice
Assemble an all-star drinking team and head down for PBR Beer-a-mids tonight!
William you and I share the same first name and that's not the only reason I love you. Great point. #RockTheRed and
No, I just love to ogle everything from Boozed & Infused from my keyboard. But I'm going to try them soon!
of course they say that - saying & being another matter ~ 25% of teens say they're in top 1% of leaders.
#Svu opening is already real
Lol I remember in 6th grade when remembering the rap from down made you so kool..
forget it. Where r u?
Did you see #fashionstar ? Was hoping the entire time that Tim Gunn would pop out and tell everyone to "make it work"
Check out the photos of our meeting with Milwaukee County Sheriff's Office K9 Unit!
loving #cybermonday? use code COOLNESS for 20% off until December 1st!
no you wont. you'll be the first he trys to kill :pp
Had a blast this past weekend !! Thanks all!
I am ANTICIPATING your mid day mix tomorrow!!!
It's all about their timing, not yours.
RT Maybe a reader can help: Warrior Dash vs. Dirty Girl Mud Run? They're both August 18 this year. TBH, I want the cool hat.
What me do social media? 'bout time
YEAH :D No seriously boo...Thats what we shall do this summer & go to camp & make other fans!
Happy Friday :)
Hey there, (calonnekikbf3), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Aye you
I can build and create content online. Turn radio stations on and off from my kitchen. Can't figure out gmail on my iPhone
text chris
still here, just super-busy! Not sure I'll be able to meetup this week after all; will email you
Congratulations and the #Kentucky Wildcats for an excellent season. Looking forward to SEC Tournament!
Hopefully I can donate blood next week. I will not be discouraged this time!
Almost approved something to print, and the location was spelled wrong. Glad I double checked
London crowds are always awesome
how can I be a bad influence?
I thought it was gonna be a really good surprise like getting signed.
Cont. "...reduce or stretch out debt & build up capital reserves." -Tom Woolway.
Will you please inform us when the NCAA interviews his Bus Driver and Lunch Lady? That will totally shock the world!
Yo this I kidnapped twitter just to say...#kawalaPussy...lol phone went dead nobodys safe.
Bitches get $ 800 in foodstamps and try not to break bread....
Hearing people sing at the top of their lungs, with the windows rolled down >
really diggin this nfl and nba draft stuff.
i have tuesday and friday off this week. thank you lord.
Ok, it's been 5 days. How many relationships do you all think Modern Warfare 3 has ended?
Thanks for the follow :-)
do we go to school in our dresses and shit?
The Japanese have made a tongue kissing machine to kiss over the internet...but why!?!
Wrong emotion....utterly confused
When Scarface shot Sosa's boy in the car, when they were supposed to blow up dudes car. LMAO....
As my children get older, its getting difficult to find the time to spend with them. When I do, I cherish every moment.
Mel Kiper Jr. is beginning to resemble the Tootsie Pop Owl who likes football instead of candy suckers.
Nametags?! I'm there :) Really. RT : ready for #tcamp12 --redundant wifi, hashtag, nametags, guests from around the world...
I want one
Great! Next Thursday sound good?
i can't stop Obsessing over Mikey's Cheekbones. CALL ME WEIRD BUT FOR A 13 YR OLD HE HAS SOME PRETTY DEFINED CHEEK BONES.
Loiter Squad on yay
Wearing a hoodie and shorts because you’re confused about the weather.
hmm, I do live east-ward, don't I! ;) The #mtida has an open-door policy....
Do you already have the perfect Holiday gift for that 'special someone'? A new Ford vehicle would be the perfect gift! Stop at Freedom Ford…
Family Affair TV premiere on OWN Thurs, March 1 at 8pm
lol me too!
Spring is a time for ch-ch-ch-chaaaangesss
Body of abducted coal trader recovered in Bokaro Chelsea FC ready to let Lampard, Drogba go in youth drive Intervention by Pranab at G-20
please tell me how we just conquered 21 clients today! #exhausted! One more day!
Already here dog. “: u going?”
great info on fruits! The more u know...
Intellectuals are too sentimental for me.
“It’s hard to wait around for something you know may never happen, but it’s harder when you know it’s everything you want
I think Dale Jr is due to win at Dega. What do you think because he's the best driver ever Jeff Gordon is gay right???
Definitely 'More Than This', that's my favorite song :)
I'm at RSO. You back to work yet?
#Work Hard Play
I dunno I think ima do vegas
RT : Heading for today! I know u don't live in FLA but tell ur friends!
RT : DC is still a waterlogged mess and MD even worse - many roads closed. May need actual pirate ship to make it to Baltimore...
Today is also #FacebookFriday! "Like" us on Facebook to receive even more Mashup actions! @"Mashup.com"
I'm sorry.. Just keep your head up(: and look at the positives
I'm calling today tuesday so go get their album #bestkindofmess on itunes for christmas now!!
why bother with Pro Bowl, boring and unwarranted. Please, no more!
decent tweet/hashtag
Confirmation interview was a sucess (y)
Hey go look at me keek (Jazmine Cantu) and see looking like a lion please (:
thanks duder! hope you're well!
idk it sounds really funny lol
If he was like, "Oh, god, I remember that and it haunts me," that would be something else.
#IADMIT wishes she could have my swag but she can't pop like me;)
Today special Sweetpotato cheesecake ! WOW !!!
CPT's production of "for colored girls..." will be back in DC 12.14-12.18!! More info is coming soon. Be on the lookout!!
We're seeing why Afflalo says Kobe is his idol.
I'm preparing an #art lesson to teach my on-going Saturday #PaintingClass here at my studio in #PortOrchard, WA.
There's a Virginia grant where you only have to spend a week in VA. You could apply & use $ left over for a Charleston trip?
": ": My girlfriend sent out a mass text saying happy birthday to all the mothers out there #WOW" lmfaooo!"
Avatar didn't have even half the heart that this one did. Why? Because Cameron worried about the technology over good story telling
lol I guess you're gonna learn to go to the car STRAPPED!!!
Kaner's dirty dangle, S/O winning goal against the Wild, December 14 2011! Ever so memorable.
thanks scott...its been a long 4 months!
I know y I'm anti and nonchalant people give me so many reasons 2
come back!!
Um..i'm positive...
Getting ready, getting ready...
do butterflies get boners
Monty Hall
I'm pansexual...what do you want to talk about?
TONIGHT! Stop in and buy a bottle of lotion, and receive 2 free UV upgrades to use whenever you want.
Mother's Day is May 13th. Flowers are great but a gift certificate for a culinary tour is better!
amen to that
RT : Watched today. Gave me chills. I advise you do the same.
got moved to 9pm tomorrow. We will still be there around 6 though to hang out!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number now call me maybe #CallMeMaybeIBStyle #BoyzCallMeMaybe yeah buddy
I wish would be my personal fitness trainer. Have y'all seen her? Still sexy Plus ripped now.
S/O 2 FOR BEIN SO PRETTY ;)
Heey Everybody, guess what? It's Alona's b-day! Go over and wish her a Big Happy Awesome Birthday and give her some love. :)
where are they gonna be?
the paper is still up after 3 weeks
STOP...... & watch that m'fer hammer time!!!
CARE week continues this week-- stay posted for more fabulous events!
At the eye doctor's 1st time in years. I hate the eye doctor. Need new glasses though. Thinking about the kind Costner had in JFK.
On the way home
do you live around the atlanta area? Sorry new fan here(:
what's the details of your may 9th show? Please?! I've waited 6 years to see you!
whyy is it soo hot out
what do you mean by it not being a big deal?
how do I get my titles carried in your store?
I did the knowledge check bro but the other shit idk
fucking cold as hell outside. oh well, this weekend! :DD
She keeps me calm when im bout to blow up
"The Avengers" might be the least plausible movie I've ever seen.
jc, you've got that entertaining swag.
Seen on PATH train - man eating snack drops a piece.. Picks it up & eats it.
Wow....I was walkin to the bank and this 16 year old kid tried to get me to fight him because he thought I was staring at him....smh lmao!
Good mornin I'm well rested so I'm gonna have a great day. Can't wait until album comes out. I'm already rocking wit #coleworld. :)
RT RT IF U R BORED
“: Tomorrow is mothers day. AND MY DAD DIDNT TAKE ME TO BUY SOMETHING FOR MY MOM!!!! -.-”me too :c
Time will tell if that goal was Drury vs NYR or Briere vs OTT. Damn that was a hell of a playoff run
- We use a "big" camera so it's hard to squeeze in Iphone shots too. We need interns or something! :-)
Call our office on Monday. STH seats are on hold for you up until 24 hours before game time.
had to dump this weeks podcast at 57 min in, thought i was listening to see ya next week though
WTH? That's not true, right?
maybe he's just staying true to himself and wants twitterverse to know that.
all i do is had to take it one day at a time
I think he has identity issues. lol.
if you've never gotten pussy juice in your eye, you don't eat pussy
Having some serious #wsp withdraws thinking about the spring run 02; sad but blessed 2 have shared so many memories w/ mikey.
Its just a do nothing day #bored text me(:
Oh, I'm a great liar. I just don't like to lie.
I think that's an issue with journalism at large; the media tends to extrapolate from Leader -> "Community", whatever that is...
thanks for your well wishes Steve! Happy holidays!!:)
Wow. Good luck in Japan! Practically everything is made over there so at least you get first dibs on stuff! ;-) lol.
PickUpLine: Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
You make me drink that much harder.
"That will solve everything" and we've had our first memorable Roger Sterling one-liner of the season.
would like to wish a happy bday to LFR...wherever you are. God bless.
Check out how sideline fanatics at Auburn, Bucknell and University of Florida rock their #SweetU kicks and game day gear...
0 mutual friends. "HOW THE FUCK DID YOU FIND ME?!"
it's actually Big 10 bias. MSU is the wildcard even though they won conf. tourney.
And an even longer night “: Gonna be a long day.”
dem devils
Thank you! And thanks again for the reference!
Weekends is the freak end
OOOOOHHHHHHH Masai Moon !!!! Edged ? Oh what a run
STOP YOU'RE SHIT YOUR BRAKING MY HEART!!!!
In a test: assert == code is broken raise == test is broken knowing the difference is key to understanding a test
Guess What Time it Is ?
could be worse...3p!
Yeah that is the book! It is a great one.
RT "A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him."
cool photo!!!
was there plenty of Pacino in 13? Can't remember.
Hi - the Book Fairy came to Seattle's Lenin Statue this morning, leaving free children's picture books at his feet!
great meeting you at Big O!
A winner listens, a loser just waits until its his turn to talk.
If you are not standing up and speaking out against child sexual abuse, you are allowing perps to get away with it.
Thank you Thank you lol
I learned that I'm not the only one who wishes SD was more edgy & had actual dive bars. Also nice to be not the only woman who likes IPAs
Working on Fall 2011 Release info.As a Software as a Service (#SaaS) Co, it is exciting how easily we bring new features to you
I would pay to see Reggie and Cheryl Miller face off
Too long of a story for twitter; but I've got a good embarrassing one about my attempt to over-utilize data. Next
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
The only logical choice :)
by George I'd say you got it now ;)
Do any kids play freeze tag anymore??? Or hop scotch ??? or Teader ball ???
I need to join lol. Wasting away my life with alcohol is my only aspiration in life right now!!
what a wanker.
hey, how've you been? :)
people are still in avon besides me? whaat?
Yes, please. I need to earn a living!
Not even sure I have tickets
Getting married and going away on your honeymoon with more than $800 in wedding card cash >>>
Wow... I woke up 4 hours before my alarm.
thank you!
I mean, who doesnt love a giant orgy over a bunch of colorful spots right?
--my neighbor and I don't want something to happen and me have to see him all the time. I'm also scared to get close to anyone because I--
Interesting Peter Gabriel concert this evening at the United Center in Chicago.
Who is a bigger threat to the future of human civilization, Sean Hannity or the orange guy from Jersey Shore?
My phone just picks and chooses the days to have a lasting battery
OH ME, PICK ME ! I AM ! with possibly !
i will try to get someone out tomorrow but i need an alternate phone number in case we need to call you. DM me
We pray for patience with baby boomers who told us to go to college and criticize us for taking out loans to do it.
lol you're right!! I need to finish this one!! You better get the book!
Trying to remember other "switched at birth" plots akin to Puddin'head Wilson. Anyone out there with a better memory than mine?
Add Moxie to that, and you'll live FOREVER!
For nothing dear, Good Night, Pleasure to have you in my followers. kisses
Was feeling a little lost here, then I saw Tron Guy
We love you God. We worship You. <3
Were so excited for the festival! We have our tickets!
lmfao u kno how the pastor's kids r
thank you 😘
Woo Hoo!! I just signed with a new talent manager,
Wasted bottle of remy cuz u wanna act stupid..ill drink it myself
RT : At 11am ET, I call on Americans to observe a moment of silence to honor the victims of the senseless tragedy in Tucson.
Did I mention I picked up 's new book? Gorgeous. I'm poring over it like it's "The Hunger Games!"
Hello and welcome to another edition of cuda sports , I'm Gabriel Llanes
Amber rose
Glad to have you join us!
I wish haha....did they show that on TV? I was sitting with some of the guys
#cursing at the tv while the #nuggets lose to the #lakers = #wife () kindly suggesting to turn it
I'm not sure how
#LSC help make single "Gettin Em" #1 we need you guys to blow your local radio stations up go now!
*yawn* good morning... Didn't really have such a good sleep last night.. *sigh*
I realized I still haven't seen glee in 3d. Is it still in theaters?
And my 802 tweet goes out to cause I love him. ❤ Better?
glad to see you on twitter. Welcome :-)
Thanks for the RT :-) do you think it may change the opinion of a few men?
Watching this #UFC match... Always amazed by the athleticism and determination these fighters have.
Whether you’re hot & spicy or sweet & savory ABX has the sauce for you!
We're excited about a delivery of Raven hand puppets from Creation Station next week. Just in time for From Dark Pages, which opens Oct. 2!
Hey guys guess what? has the exclusive photos from my video shoot for #3LeafClover & will be releasing them this week!
So Stanford might not fade as quickly as we'd like. Now with Murphy and Shittu, the haul of linemen Stanford brought in is out of control.
'Cell phones were amazing 40 years ago, but now they're a real nuisance in our society' -- #GeorgeTakei on the price of progress.
congrats to on winning the sporting news Defensive player of the year award, NAILED IT!
ballers always roam in the same circles
Ok , time for you to get into the airline tix business. The customer experience today is broken.
Shout out to for playn that hot new trac by & titled "Show Out"
that's always hard. I'm dreading it! How is the opening?
m CHOCOLATE!!!
Today's Sports News is damn interesting.
maybe we could enlist & his famous notepad to describe the action
well! how are you?
yes!!!!!! No worries! I am being productive. I am doing good. Working out these Law school applications =) How are you?
Did you get a chance to read Marcus Hayes' game 2 Article? "The offense died in the hands of homeboy Evan Turner"?? WTF?
I see what you did there...
Why do so many comedians in Rochester think that rape is funny?
$30 gift cert from in my inbox. Now I shall dream of Hibachi chicken and Mickey Mouse-shaped rice all day long.
Thanks for your support good brother! I really appreciate it. Together, we can and will take Alpha to new heights!
George Centeno & Dj Tatiana - "Beautiful Day" out this Thursday on Beatport.
Days off & too much time to think.
guess that's a glass half full look at it
I get to watch Sherlock Season 2 on Friday. Needless to say I'm boners.
it takes most people a while to figure things out, but they are way ahead of the curve!!!
": That awkward moment when a girl wears more make up than clothes."
but shay is no loser.. Im a #winner <3
is it #becauseimblack?
If u have to ask....
I'm Fucking soaked because of this rain...SMDH
today is a full day of masterclasses w/visiting ensemble Juilliard String Quartet - check them out tomorrow @ Shriver Hall!
This Brewers team just lacks tenacity without Prince. I am sorry to say...
Don't forget the great defensive stops by Bradley. Might be overlooked but shouldn't be.
cocky, arrogant, selfish, etc wateva u call me its cool i kno my potential an tru powers
celtics ;beat heat ;'/
Ok urhighness, lol I'm at Coco Lounge tonight & New Year's Eve.
“: Not much can beat In-N-Out burger...” quite true, I'm jealous!
Here's my new theory: smoking tobacco with poor lung capacity gets you less high
you're awesome sis! It always works out the way it's supposed to my love!
Great win! ROCK CHALK!
in crits, you don't have time to think. You think, you die.
RT 72 % of ad spending during 2010 election would've been prohibited before Citizens United decision via
man i just realized i had plenty shots last night
Nashville Streakers, would you rather win cash or a tangible prize for the next Streak?
By Miranda Johnson When it comes to Blue Ivy everyone knows she will possess the best of the best, in whatever she desir
Check out The Star's soccer blog! “: There's enough on the blog to quench just about everyone's Sporting KC thirst right now."
Why is the default line spacing in a Word doc 1.15?? Who does that???
- Hope you had a great holiday! Thank you for the mention!
Can you handle it? Can I go there, baby, with you?
Thanks for the RT :)
Can't say for sure, but I think our drummer is masturbating at a Starbucks.
Question: Does the three second rule apply when food is dropped in your cleavage?
Starbucks hot chocolate is the shizz
"can it be that it was all so simple then?" #NowPlaying Wu-Tang Clan
i heard your voice through a photograph.
oh some weird 7 day one my sister recently did in prep for my trip to FLA in a week.
I so bad want to witness or be involved in a FLASH MOB!!!
I think my bae get paid this week.hopefully we get to spend sometime wit each other .n just chill n mot spend no money or whatever
we haven't decided yet.
2-1 I couldn't stay up the whole game either
Our "#Titanic at 100: Myth and Memory" exhibition opens today at 10am!
My highest score on arcade mode is 684! #ballin!
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job. ~ Slappy White
FOX 12 calls Portland City Council race, position 4 for Steve Novick.
loved your instagram picture. Thank you.
you Austin mahONE in a million(; ❤
you goin to any concerts this year??
Get out of my bubble!!
Okay awkk people are making out.
Local Secret Service chief says he's getting a lot more invitations to parties since the Colombian scandal erupted -- but he's not talking..
Ha! But you couldn't handle it and then paid for exhibit at MAM so technically I owe you a bday present! :)
SO They tied up ... OMG
im not lonely or depressed. im completley fine and amazingly happy. i just need a bottle of vodka simply because i fucking need it.
right right!! i havent even been on in a few days!!! shit send an invite when u get on and a voice message so we kno its u!! lol
Back in Chicagoland from #ebertfest Wish I had said hi to but after seeing Big Fan was worried he'd beat the shit out of me
Front Desk Thurs Nite: Reason I'm reading the kids books, so I can give honest review when sum1 asks re: good #Alaska children bk. Honest!
This guy is getting all the hoes with his googled quotes.
I feel u Bruh I think I just have way to much animosity towards her and the situation that it was and I got put in that I can't
The game comes on tonight .
That was a great voice for the NFL pick in the 4th round. How-ever I think Vontaze Burfict is a 6th rounder.
#teamfollowback :D LEHH GOO. check my following/followers. Guaranteed follow ;D
Watching animal cops Houston getting angrier at humans every second I watch.
Tumblr, what do you mean you CAN'T PLAY THIS GIF!? sincerely, unsatisfied user ):<
Read tacos, eat poetry Sat, May 26 in Highland Park (L.A.) 5pm... be there or be square
Going on fox business from indy, Theisman ahead of me and I heard Ray Lucas was in before, I'm the only guy who wish it was Lucas now!
I'm tuned in!
pre-order "Old, Mad, Joy" from www.thegourds.com
yes you do!
What's the institutional added value from blended learning?
Yay! Dec. 3! MT : Dance Project participants announced: , , , , & others!
have u heard #Tranzitions yet?--Holla back and we'll send u link
Headed to extras at Miller Park thanks to Corey Hart!
Is it scary? Intrigued but don't usually do horror.
I don't know why my kids are so surprised when I yell.
The average American drinks about 600 sodas a year.
Idiot savant of a ballplayer.
I've heard good things about that book. Thanks for the recommendation!
Nothing like introducing a rock star than PowerPoint.
lol. Yes Millennium would ban me from coming to any location!
what channel are the senatre hearings on, on Direct TV
Your a kid stop trying to be older. Be yourself :)
We know yours, too!
still here tonight and tomorrow til about 2. Any good shows tonight?
Hi Jen, you presented at our ICBO congress in Ontario, CA in 2010. Our executive director is Bob Williams. Glad to connect here!
"it's not about who you wanna spend Friday night with, but who you wanna spend all of Saturday with"
omg!! Feels good to be back to normal! Lol how are you??
it was great to see you on Real Time this week, you are a great man!
On the Media silent on NPR retraction
Ah! I want to see, I want to see! Penciled in hours to work on your wedding designs this week. Can't wait to share!
Rick Dempsey's Mistletoe-On-His-Belt-Buckle gag already making me uncomfortable, even before he kicked open the door to the ladies room.
": Dat Cranberry Juice was just so good &refreshing"Wish I had some
"My idea of heaven is to burn one with John Prine"...where does she get this stuff? I'm drinking the koolaid.
Where is ?
Looking forward to returning to a climate where a scarf is an unnecessary and slightly effeminate accessory.
I'm reading your book right now Its pretty awsome.
Don't forget to put the hashtag #LRAH after your responses, so people can follow the stream of conversation!
find dj and get in #THEBANGARANG video he is shooting!!!
Crowley scores again for Philly. Making the match a close one in the final minutes of the game.
great! We will be sure to add our events!
Funny as hell
Much higher engagement with user in native app vs. mobile
Please welcome Richard Thomsen, he joins Property Line's dedicated Member Services team today!
Few things are more enjoyable than pie for breakfast.
I don’t want something special. I want something beautifully plain.
": Melo is insane in the clutch. #KobeSystem level 3." #KobeSystem level jst went down after those free throws
For caresses and applause. +
Veto CISPA, the privacy killing bill!
Ya you say I'm crazy? Guess that makes two, but I never knew that dreams really came true.
fuck all of you
yes this is the last season i think
#Cardinals bringing on a new pitcher -- sensing the #Brewers have something going here.
back is killing me i need three
It's really hard 4 me 2 see the #Bulls crash and burn like this.. especially this quick
Did not like black olives in red tamales, but they taste good in red enchiladas.
a young kid, 15 is my damn age, you be like me, look me up facebook page. - <3
Are you an investor buying foreclosed properties ?Call Mr.D's Painting your one stop renovation contractor.One call does it all 619-562-5848
get your network running up to par with the big guys
thanks for telling me about #dish2011 slideshow. Referencing it in my #MW2012 paper on dig project management.
first week in Feb gone! U tell me what up with that!
I've waited all day to see you on #teenwolf! You have definitely made my day(:
Nobody expects the Spanish influenza!
Lol there was thunder and it was raining and cold now its all sunny and hot!:)
Sounds great!! Thanks for the advice!
discussing on stage We USE
Damn it was so good, I want more......
GUYS..FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Beyond the internet circles RapTV members are cross linked by our text-network that makes business possible in places where internet is not
Skinned knees and stolen swings?
I never show off.
needs a spankin.like now!!!!lolz
Thanks for the share, Chris!
It's a #classicrock kinda day...I'm listening to "Dream On" by Aerosmith on
haha i gotta make a greeting i aint ever got to it
I wish this laundromat was in my basement lol
Due to jobs, kids, TV, the Internet and more, the average married couple spends just four minutes a day alone together. Make it special!
So much to do. So little motivation.
so far, the market manipulators have not been able to get lasting leverage. The Dow has edged down from its move upwards.
YES! I am totally getting this so I can brainstorm with no limits.
I once got a PG&E bill for $0.02. I really didn't see the point as it probably cost them than that to mail it.
Nice job Thibadeau.
It's a kind of day, who's with us? #Florence+themachine
This month it going by fast....thank god for testing.
A person with #Parkinsons came in wheelchair watching our film after watching the film he left walking the theater.
be careful of the shanks
Until Turiaf cut them weak ass Cheryl Miller braids tha Heat will never win a ring....
rape isnt so much the prob.... its more molestation
Got to do laundry.....so tired :(
hey, you've got that white powder snuggling within the crust of your nose.
she got a little taste & she wants more ;P
I just love being ignored.
Finally digging out of the end of course exam abyss. And if I was this stressed about it, I can only imagine what my students felt.
My weekend to work open to close. Must hit the sack. Maybe tonight I'll land on it & get some decent sleep for a change!
Thanks! It was definitely a fun party :)
bout time
I was more team Nsync
Happy Monday, Twitterverse!
we love you too. reply? <3
Did you know you can follow on twitter as well ?
Daydreaming about buying a cabin in the Virginia Mountains....Why does a country boy live in the city?
On this follow Friday, let's follow some deserving authors! #FF (Or if not following, just say hello!)
Riding round n I'm getting it on my bike ..we out here
jealous that sounds fun
Thinking about changing my twitter name to so people who don't know me are likely to assume I'm someone important.
did you leave me a review...
Love hearing you sing "You're The Inspiration". Makes me think of someone I used to love.
WTF is wrong with your satellite coverage in Chicago? #runchi until
Everyone having a good day? I really hope so. YOU are special :) :)
thanks!! Have a stellar weekend!
The husb and I went to watch the 25th anniversary of Les Mis. Here's to another 25!
hey, a friend of mine might need a temporary or permanent home for her puppy while she searches for a house...any interest?
R.I.P. Nate Dogg.
Hopefully could sleep better tonight.....
Just can't get enough !!!...
thanks for the suggestion. I paid 2.99 to get the "Tea" app thinking it was something useful. Nope, ...glorified notepad.
Hey there Kim! It is a bit of a metaphor. Plus, I had no pictures of me on my phone when I signed up! ;-)
I can't wait for this years Anime Fest, we are SO #COSPLAYING!
Im about to take me a hot ass shower
There's a pocket of Indian restaurants in Chatham Square, with an Indian dessert bar in the mix.
oh my god I would never do that! I just wouldn't drive you to McDonalds instead haha
Finally, someone said it. Good for you! I could not agree more.
and if I wasnt at work id come get you lol
Do #memes have a #life of their own?
thats totally awesome to hear! nothing like a woman thts feeling too good lol
Thanks for the advice, I actually have an Orvis GC from the holiday. Perfect solution.
keep up the good work, Mr. Lesley!
Good to know when you're naming your characters right?
So sean parker might own a piece of warner music group in the near future...dont you just love irony.
Where are u ?
I hate crying:'(
Lamar Miller is fast.. like Kinzo knife fast, slicing through the Maryland defense for a 41yd TD run, untouched. Canes go up 14-13
Qualcomm CEO at #YPO Pacific Edge: 1mm new broadband connections added daily.
Buffet at M? Sounds good to me (as long as I just have to play HORSE, not eat one).
amazed by the pure anger health care reform causes
Here comes the tarp at Progressive Field as the rain continues to pour down.
Dear - Why does your sub task system suck? I think I'm moving on.
Jaguars sweep series against LSU-Alexandria to end season - Victoria Advocate
lol....some people just don't learn, have no respect for any1, & don't care enough about doing what's right. Amazes me. Karma....
It is nice to be important, but it is more important to be nice-download- InSpotter app
"Bruno Mars is like the music version of The Artist... except on as good." quote of the night thus far
RT : RT : #HasAnnRomneyEver Asked her husband whether a working mom would make it on the pay from those jobs he...
Happy #NewYearsEve to everyone of you from RiTE!
“: I think I speak for humanity when I say that the Oscars could use a little more Three 6 Mafia.” Word.
Hell freeze over RT : What do u think needs to happen for the NFL and NFLPA to reach an agreement before Thursday's deadline?
So far tonight's gonna be awesome!
Be careful not to bend to the majority for whom 'impossible' is a comforting excuse for inaction. -Tim Ferriss
“: try to help me get my twitter baack” what????
Students, get published! Lions-on-line accepting applications for Spring issue. bit.ly/yGt3nR
that's what he did when he was at Cedar Hill in Dallas ... Trying to get big ...
I like to be in control. and I struggle against that instinct every day in order to be a leader in service to others.
Yoooo, 20 years since The chronic was released?! No way..... Pulls out cd
Any plans for lunch? What about adding Bach to your lunch break at Kings Chapel today at noon? Bach, suite no 6 in D for cello solo.
morning :D
If you could teleport yourself to any place or time, where would you go?
Just saw your tweet of the fake Baeza Tumblr ; and nahwe I didn't .
Lmao smh RT I struggle trying to go downstairs
According to - over #blackfriday weekend, more than 212 million shoppers spent $45 BILLION dollars!
its cold den a muhfukka n this apt....
Ben Jealous @ NAACP says get rid of all racial profiling Kathleen Ko says comp immigration reform
“ new rappers is cool but we still bump biggie - #ripBIG”
Probably one of the biggest reasons why I would like to make more money is so I can make all these nummy vegan recipes I've been seeing.
Green Juice!!
RT : Thanks! The hardest thing is time management and frequent price increases from suppliers.
Famiky Guy is the best!!
Really moving special about The work is hard and it's not glamorous, but so important for the future.
#cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far? :D
lmfao can't wait then
So much Illinois pride on the line this wknd I had to retreat to WI. Go 'Cats!
lol. That was a show in the 60s. Your gonna have to come over for a kids show marathon (which usually includes mimosas)
Question: Is it dishonest to not include grad school in a resume when I know it'll probably exclude me from lower level jobs?
SDPD: 51-year-old man shot and killed in Mt. Hope late Friday in drive-by shooting.
I walked in then I turn up! Happy birthday !
Thanks for the RT!
But still it seemed like Scherzer was as bad as Garcia.
Wondering why I have a pile of toilet paper in my room haha
We r waiting with baited breath and anticipation, 4 your thoughts. In fact, we are on a hunger strike, pending your review.
is playing is playing "I am the Fire"! For those who have not, go and download for free off of their Band Camp!
I agree, it's not much of a serious critique. But it's still a *little bit* of a critique
hi. 😊 hope your having an ICONic day. Love you! 💙
thank you so much for your support! We appreciate it.
Don't forget to mark you calendars for May 11-13 for our Mother's Day Plant sale.Exclusive heirloom plants & seedling from the CP garden.
I think it was January...Belgrade, boot in Timisoara, Bucharest for orientation.... What Marriott is this? Was I there??
University of Michigan 2 offer online courses 4 free joining Princeton, Stanford & Univ of Pennsylvania. Partnership w/ Coursera
Dwidle your toes under a man's nose, after using a "Me oh my, Pumpkin Pie Ped/Pal Foot Scrubby,and he'll sure want to BITE YOUR TOES
I was on that show once. Hard to act like your browsing
"Cabbage: Life is Elsewhere."
Love that #balloonboy gets top billing on the news. Shows the great aptitude of the media.
Me vs = 1-1 in pots against each other. I'm playing kinda bad ATM so glad to win one against him.
Hi Friends.. Follow .. There is something interesting for you.. :)
make them eat your tacobell meal for every K you record this year
Running on one measly little hour of sleep.
Y r u elated ? Thought HH wanted 2 confront his accuser & prove his 'innocence' ? Very FISHY!
Breaking Bad is so good! How far in are you?
wrapping up another experientially diversifying weekend, including exploring a creepy abandoned flour mill. flight w/ back to ATX
I can't help wanting to point out that housing everything "under one roof" means a single point of failure. [+]
No problem :)
If that libertine, Travado, ever leaves Lorraine, I'm afraid she'll linger, languishing fearful tides; her bloom ablated pale.
pete & john are both performing tonight. Early show @ 8:30 and then late sets throughout the night. Come see them at the pistol!
Cheer Up!! HMU whenever
can't believe christmas is 2 weeks away. It feels longer than that. It doesn't even feel like december yet.
truth hurts. But you bought the others so all good for boca and bk. Bombs away!!
Yes, I watch Hannity, oReily, Beck. Yes, I marched in Million Man March. So what am I or aren't I nothing, FAIR & BALANCE until mañana amigo
Book a Birthday Party Monday- Friday and recieve a FREE upgrade!!
Feeding inlaw's cats and watching The Ninth Gate, I love this movie!
- For Yu To Ever Dick Eat :)
we're not alone “: I wish my eyes could take pictures.”
it's really only troublesome longer term, six days is not enough time for weight gain, mood/irritability problems to surface, etc
hey girl :)
A 'C' is a ok grade. It shouldn't be the grade your aiming for.
I hope he loves me more than I love him.
Sunny in San Diego today! Much nicer than the 'June Gloom' over the last 2 days
getting wrestled down in the box, nothing has changed haha. Digging the cleats though, fancy
" Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an Original is worth more than a Copy. "
Don't think of coming up without others because you're nothing without support!
Seriously LOVE, and there are a couple prints to choose from!
If you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to "check-in" on your Facebook app while you're here. Thanks for the love Cbus!
Hey Hun! My stay is brief so I'll be w my fam mostly. If I step out I'll hit you up! XO
Your welcome & thank you for the 'follow-back' :-)
The Hot Cross Buns are on their second rise. The first time has worked with Cardamon. I'm sure they'll be delicious
pens getting worked in this awesome 2nd period!
Smile, it’s the second best thing you can do with your lips.
If Amare Stoudemire had watched #ExtremeRules last night, he would've realized how damaging a fire extinguisher can be
You'd think this girl was blindfolded while cutting my hair, it's so fucked up. :(
I hope you are having a great time in #Vegas!! :)
hey too ur self what you been up too
Quarto out loud means room -That party's 2 hot 4 me LOL! RT : Quarto de Mayo the party before the party RT
i always say that lol
He's a bright spot in a stressful place. ;)
everything's going to be ok :) you deserve a night out. but don't get too crazy, you don't want to feel crappier
i expect to see lots more pictures this summer :)
I am currently enrolled at IIN. Have you taken their program?
cool place. you will have to check it out when you come down here.
you buying???
Longest line ever to get out of the Union Station garage-- dying of boredom with
I was thinking this too. A coincidence that Hellmuth and Duke left UB & now all this zynga stuff emerges?
If Cincinnati were to have a local music scene TV show on a good network/good time slot, what would you like to see???
Bdubsssssss with my girls.
I feel great.
I just pulled a : mini Reese's cup sandwiched between two pretzels.
Dear creative recruiters, when is the best time for potential may graduates to start sending their resumes out?sooner, or later?
WOOHOOO and Congrats to the NUGGETS WIN TODAY!!
He made other music and poof gone. i dont think many ppl know what hes doing
Trying to get back into the swing of things today. Did everyone have a great weekend?!
Oh no. The Buckeyes are playing AT Illinois?? It's going to be a long afternoon...
yes indeed! So happy :))
it's really easy to fix on FB if you end up getting hacked. The scary part was that I couldn't tell from my end. I'll keep an eye >
So what are you doing now?? So miss #Charmed! Please let us know whats on your agenda! {{HUGS}}
yes:)) thanks
RT Let's try it again. Check out this article about my 1st year as Councilmember. ow.ly/1Cvllf looking forward to year no. 2
late night runs 🏃 >>> haha! love you Peyton 😘
Very likely a bit of both. :)
even the sun sets in paradise.
If students feel online learning is the same as being self taught the instructor is doing something wrong.
Did Emmit just kiss D & cheat on Bay!!! OMG! #switchedatbirth Saw it coming though..lol
Florida man FREED after DNA testing determined he didn't commit the rape. He was in prison for 34 years.
i start school tomorrow....i have to start getting up at 4:30 am in the morining.and heading to the bus stop at 8:20.8th grade hear i come
I need a place where I can YELL!!! #music_gotta_love_it!
Just saw the preview for Moon Shiners on Discovery Channel. I think I saw some of my relatives on there.
Courting success
insane in the brain
Of course, my man!
soldiers in the US Army wear berets. :-)
You should put one in Phoenix, AZ :)
Im going to roll one now
It sounds good :]
Was it a wilted salad? :D
This ur lil bro biggest fan ever and ive been wanting to meet him since 2007 so if u never say never maybe i could meethim:)!
Happy fathers day to all the dad's out there =]
New designs r bubblin' in my brainz!!
is empty.
I HAVE BEEN READING TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD FOR SCHOOL FOR THE PAST 8 HOURS.
Awww :-), thank you, very sweet
Fuckin a you're a genius aren't you? I was pointing out that UNLV hasn't mattered in many of moons, and sure as hell don't now.
Anyone who says 'Easy as taking candy from a baby', has never tried it. - Anonymous
so not funny
RT : Who's ready for the #knightlife? Make sure u follow us throughout the tweetup tonite for our BIG giveaways! Tell your friends!
RT : 3: Curatorial/bibliog expertise in digital age more visible, important, widely distributed than b4.
Being a hippie in school. I guess that'd be considered
Belated thanks for the #followalibrary rec!
how are you today? (:
Yeah, I am surprised she didn't show that off.
thanks. Clink clink
Have you embraced your #LifeMission? What is it?
I love catching people in their lies!
Great idea! Enjoy the new ski cable :)
they used to sell them at the UCSD campus convenience store but apparently their Canuck employee left. :(
I'm just teasing von von! Sorry!
On rainy days like today, I wish I could just curl up on my couch with a blanket and read 's new book. How about you?
[Just woke from a dream where I was eating out your ass... Best food dream I ever had.]
hooray! So glad you had a wonderful time!
Blisters on the back of my heels from breaking my new shoes in. <<<<<
at least you got to see it. :-o
art is the act of making the fantastic real.
Don't go back for less just because you're to impatient to wait for the best!
bring Keo with you if you come through today, he didn't get a chance to try that spam bao!
but he likes to creep
this should be interesting. I'm going to get drunk, while you get drunk and watch twitter.
Former intern has work in Jerk Magazine, a popular magazine at Syracuse University. Congrats!
Awesome episode tonight...very well done
shout out to ilovecamren prodigyswifey4life and princetonsgween and all of the mindless fans and my follopwers luv ya stay mindless
Stocks slightly higher in early going. Key avgs DN 3 to 4.1 pct for the week before today's opening bell.
It pays 14 an hour though!
Forget that!!! I'm not going to sleep.
Hey Joe, Tweeted the Wrist Bands , hope they sell wonderfully! "FB-ed it too" :) Take care, Emmi
Glad our valet helped you make it on time!
Badgers slim chances | Enhanced by bad play calling | Two runs and field goal |
Digging through my demos and recorded jams. I got about 35 songs in the bank. That's like, what, 15 singles?
Meg. Because small nerdy girls in anoraks are our future.
It does look pretty hot I admit.
3:15 a.m. and I'm just getting up to go to work... and my roommate is apparently just going to bed.
This is so stressful. #ohmygoodness 😱
Could fall asleep outside
Silvertone for dinner then mobile dev meetup with
People that don't encourage what you do... Smh
The honor is mine, my friend. Play on!
Just had lunch with and Two of the most amazing people you'll ever meet.
T shirt relabeling at low price and fast turn around contact www.reliablerelabel.com
Entrepreneur, product direction, leadership - Zynga's 3 core talent attributes they look for. Employee NPS matters.
I can't wait to see and spark some flames in L.A. 2day. #LETSGOHEAT l
thanks for following! can't wait to try your ice cream sammies! :-D
Do not ask yourself what the world requires; consider what makes you come to life.
NEXT : Blood On the Dance Floor w/ Anglespit, New Years Day, and Challenger! Tickets moving fast... get yours now!
Thanks for the FF
Thats awkward cause I'm creeping you right now and I just saw that.
Time to get ready for NHS!!!
If you don't listen to dubstep kill ya self
Is feeling some kind of way.
Start your Saturday out right with the indoor Winter market. 9-12
it's not enough for to be saturated with wall photos, articles read & shoe tags, but now reminders of someone's calendar?
oh well they only thing i dont like about the summer is that they only guve you two months
666= *=me Bitch
Yes ma'am!! I missed you last week.
lmao can i join
has no days off work again this week!
Finally saw "Coriolanus." Most excellent. Only for two more days. Ralph Fiennes rocks!
3 major RIPs today, Shuttlesworth, Jobs & Palin Campaign. Sad about first 2. 3rd not so much.They inspired. Palin did what again? Child bye.
Waking up early to getting my butt kicked was I thinking?!? #fitness #health #bikiniready #summer2012 
yeah music wasn't paying the bills...and the opportunity was presented to my in a time of weakness. Been here 3 years.
Check out the updated suites. Champagne & Cupid
Id sleep great with ***** next too me
My husband tried to give me a shoulder rub tonight. Told him this was not the day to kid around!!!!!
These are the worst "questions" I have ever heard. No wonder nobody watches MSNBC.
If everyone in community is contributing the experiment, how does 1 identify the individual contributions to the success?
Hello how are you:)RT : Hi my dear :)
now its even hrder or u to follow us :(
“: Never let or me drive a snowmobile again. #almostdied atleast we met our future husbands” TOO TRUE
Just changed my twitter profile and ready to promote and share my experiences
They lie to much
um really
My office had held the nickname "Siberia" for nearly 30 years...and for good reason!
Bay Area Stop Hating Movement check out FLY website
hey congrats i hope yall r good <3 ya
All that mankind has done, thought or been: it is lying as in magic preservation in the pages of books. ~ Thomas Carlyle in "On Heroes,
thanks for RT!
so excited for a lay in tmrw.
well... you can turn on Private Browsing, then nothing is remembered locally... but Bing or Google remember everything.
Explore the unincorporated South LA community of Florence-Firestone
Oh no, I hope bosh is ok!
looks like Swisher means business...he has the socks pulled up today
I guess ill finish resting so I can go 2 my cousin bday party 2nite!! My plate sale went really well yesterday, I do thank every1 !!!
thanks for the reminder. Sadly u will probably logging this
#teenwolfseason2 is so far away!!!!!
sounds like a deal to me, you guys good to go, and ?
I love that feeling when you find that amazing source that blows open your ideas for your project.
let me know what you're looking for and maybe I can help.
There are places not in Brooklyn that serve boozy shakes? I don't trust it.
Good luck with your session
would it creep you out to know this straight grandma has a crush on you? That said, please shave.
Also, you are probably handsomer, though I have not seen recent photos of Mr. Pedia to compare.
Definitely the hardest part is picking just one.
how was everyone's weekend?
HAHA. Welcome I my life. Whenever I'm about to talk , people always ask me if it's about Bieber or 1D.
Biggest game of the 2012 NCAA football season today! Rammer Jammer yellow hammer, give'em hell Alabama!!!
bye bye summer fun for you!
Haha I know her better then her own "boyfriend"
Sublime with Rome Announces Summer Tour Dates; Alternative Ska/Punk Group to Tour With Cypress Hill and Pepper ...
thanks! We'll leave comments here directly. No complaints, just suggestions. It's a beautiful facility here in San Antonio!!
I wonder if Big East will finally pick either a football or a marketing person as Commish. The Providence basketball guy thing is dated.
Don't abuse credit with any business big or small.
Save you a seat?
I need a cool theme song for my life, or at least a bad ass on that plays when I enter the room...like on wrestling.
Guh cuz my boo chester just knock on the door lol I'm pressed
Everybody snapping bout dick Cheney heart transplant
In PPR no way do I trade Graham and Manningham for Turner. In TD heavy format, depending on rest of your squad, maybe.
I'm ready for a Un-civil war. #PayBacksABitch #daddysmoney <
naaaaa im good
Congratz 2 for coming back to Yankees. I hope you are a Yankee your whole life in your way to Hall Of Fame.
Never watched #DWTS before, but pretty sure will win or has won at the 35 minute mark!
Yes! Mission accomplished! LMFAO😂
Kevin Steen takes the mic. He reminds Mike and Colt that he's going to be their first challenger. Their victory will be very short lived.
Les Mis Callbacks today! So excited! :)
He looked pretty soft on goal 6 ": Sparta G Grosskopf has been amazing. Five goals could easily be 10. #wiaahockey"
More like your too drunk to ever remember what your doing on here!
why aren't YOU following us?!? :)
Merry Christmas to all! May it be full of joy, peace and cheer for everyone.
So good! Nightmare at 20,000 Feet is my favorite of all time.
What are your favorite #iPhone apps?
RT: Don't just sit back & wait for something to happen in life. Take a step of faith. There's more in you than you think!
absolutely! Inwas thinking noon ish. Where do you all wanna go?
This week marks the start of my second-to-last term of #libraryschool. Almost there!
: long multi step sales process is no longer effective. Current road to sale is outdated. #NADA2012 True!
When he sings to me >>>
RT : MVP of the game should be Bartolo Colon's belt. God help us all if that breaks while he is on the mound
So who will we see rockin' out with us tomorrow night?
Can You Follow Me Back Please?(:
Hey Chris - I am a fellow Wellesleyan and would love to interview you for an ESPN Boston piece I'm doing on the Marathon.
Um... we'll take it
yes, acc. to
it's missing epic pollen induced ha-chooos!
Instagrammmmm! marcyyyx8 follow me ! I follow back! :)
It's back! watch ESPN in the chair only
Great to hear and we are happy to send you samples of our great #GF chips. Just dm me your address!
Dear computer, I hate you. Why are you trying to ruin my life?
Tonight we are interviewing Oh Sleeper at the Key Club in Hollywood
NW Exterior Cleaning Service
Sorry we didn't get back to you in time yesterday! Hope to see you again soon.
Who is
I'm really nice! I was in the whole time haha #I'mbringinggoodies
That one’s still pretty good. There’ll be a good one soonish from , too.
sometimes my boss gets national geographic travel magazines in the mail. i like to keep the ones with the polar bears. is that stealing?
Word of the Day:
Still workin when I get off ima try
We had a great day ! Thanks to all who came in! Come check us out tomorrow from 10-6. 25% off all dresses and menswear!
#mobilityshifts bob stein's new 'social book' will be completely browser based (a very good thing!)
There's Arnold's upcoming memoir, TOTAL RECALL. Lots of that will probably be fiction. You're welcome!
Follow me !!
make it $30
Sound Transit sucks really bad right now. They changed their closure schedule because of seafair but didn't post the right time online.
#edshow AL GORE breaks record by creating more TOXIC HOT AIR than small NUCLEAR PLANT
Jeffery Mair? RT : Way to interfere with that catch you piece of shit Yankees fans.
These teams are really good. Getting crushed. YAY.
1945-#FDR DIED at his Warm Springs, GA retreat in the company of an old flame, Lucy Mercer whom he had promised #Eleanor never 2 see again
that's funny--thanks!
You got my vote!
awesome!!! now I don't have to implement it.
I would be floored to shoot behind the scenes of #couples #retreat2 or a #pirates movie! #dreamjobs!
Everyone follow Amazing Greyson tweets!
better go with a night with girls. JS
By what definition is walking through deep, dirty water something to giggle about?
I am nocturnal
“: he loves me and i miss my little Mia lou. I come oba thursday?” yes pwease.
I'm in the booth w/ goin back to back on a hip hop set.. I can tell he's tryna school me right now. Lol
Let me guess...... 2012 is gonna be your year
I dated an 18 year old when I was 14!
thanks for sharing the track! Keep an eye out for more coming soon.
Taking out their best player like a boss.
we want everyone to join. Even if you're just a film lover.
" I'm sexy and i know it!" no ur not bitch, ur ugly and u show it
you've been injured..in the heart area it seems...by a mini-guitar? And you kamehamehate ukes now. It gets better.
I got a job! Hooray!
but I can still blow your windows out!
November 30, 1929 – April 18, 2012. "For now, Dick Clark... so long."
But has the mobile cooler been installed? RT “: Rubber floor mats in the jet are out. Carpet mats in. Fuck you winter.”
true? Haha cant tell. ;)
Shout Out to ma new follower:)
Never trust a man with a toothpick in their mouth. And u aren't gonna get anywhere with a girl that does.
happy birthday haha my birthday is today too
Today is my last day at KyForward. It's been great! Thanks for following me. And you can continue following me at
48hour film project comes to PIttsburgh. 36 teams, 48 hours, 1 city.
AIM me:
#IfItWasntForTwitter, we would of never been together.
I really don't think that's him. Look closely at his face. And all those tats?? Don't think he has that many.
Also Checkout Our Ministry Website at: www.gordonpictures.org
So LA it is on sat see what they tawkin bout over there
lol so was I yo I got up and was hopping around.
Thanks! Sweep the cards!!!!!
I'm hoping I read the sign wrong but if not it said "Immaculate Conception School"
Raji for the touchdown!!
Let me DM it.
I was at the game today, Rose looked as though his normal gait is returning. I hope he is back soon.
question of the afternoon...coffee or nap break?
Your thirst is sickening, get some cool about yourself.
Thanks! No more RL! ;p
i love you
What it is
Damn...In a stretcher smh
Wow. I need to take a test and the lady is taking forever in the restroom
no problem.
haha let me guess...Trying to win back your rubios mayorship? And yes, you should've done minglestream!
I am reminded of the joke about the accountant interview: "What is 2+2?" Answer: "What do you want it to be?"
speaking of ILB, any available that can boost the GB coverage over the middle? Huge weak spot this season was ILBs on te/rb.
It's FUN rain or shine
Eating dinner at Sensu with the sister!
I agree with appearing in a world tour event should carry more weight than doing 6 3-stars...
good call !
Wow, you like Poker and Revolution. My man!
Tsk tsk bad boy. :p haha. I usually watch movies my brothers rented at the redbox. It's cheap.
great point!
It's a blessing to see another day...I am grateful for everything.
I had one of those first couple of years I owned my house. 2 years ago I caved in and went to a power mower; not going back!
but; follow me
Hahaha aha!(: Austin Mahone's nose just tweeted me !! (: #YEE AH!!(;
What's your ETA?
If I had to sum up my #LOEX2012 experience in 1 word, I'd pick "inspiring." I'm looking forward to a summer of planning & reading.
Pleased to announce portions of our broadcasts in 2012-2013 will be brought to you by
never let people get to you. the way i see it, they can't pull the trigger if you don't hand them the gun.
Giving testimony on behalf of the Biz Leadership Alliance @ the SD CIty Redistricting Comm. Keep commerce areas whole!
Just tried to eat the $10 pizza box...damn ner hurled after 2 slices and a breadstick...
if anyone is interested in donating/lending these items for girls rock camp houston 2010, please DM. thanks!:
4 days to the debut of the first transnational initiative process, the #EU 's Citizens' Initiative. No April Fool's.
I'll have to let my dad know how much you love it!
Attn producers: We are looking for tracks for projects for & email tracks to
: FWD: Funeral service for my sister Stephanie(Step) Gaye will be held at Shiloh Baptist Church in Bennettsville SC, friday ...
Shout out to #RockTheBells and
ROTC cadets choose military path upon graduation
Are we seriously getting a dunkies? I'm from Boston and miss their coffee so much!!!
Just seen a giant Bud . . .
Fire alarms at post and Hyde. Officers running toward leavenworth on hyde
yeah He's a good brotha.
It Started guys. Get Ready
Went to Target and came home on the bus. Almost as bad as when I moved back to college and took the bus from the airport
waiting on him to get back with my car.
Thanks, Anthony! I'm really looking forward to it.
Let FREEDOM RING!!!
well so are you:)
!!! i love that (1) my suspicions about gillian anderson were true, and (2) FOUR separate friends have sent me this
I don't wanna go back out from where I came...
friend of mine did
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. - Lord Byron
The sound of the hail isn't soothing at all
oh my i wanted 2 c ur wanker lol u hava hot sexy body u got msn i ll show u mine if u will show me urs =P
Red Lobster's Festival of Shrimp has an unnecessary passive construction, but it works. Sounds regal, or translated from the French.
: hey did you check out that song?
Giants, 30-24, Mike. And great work with the coverage.
Now that's a FN birthday present!
wishes the #Pens good luck on in 4 minutes
all my shorts fit me big 😖
Messi breaks the record of most goals scored in a season..68 and still counting
Why . .....do they have drive-up ATM machines with Braille lettering
wow cant believe i forgot to do my #FF's....oh well better late than never.....have a good friday night......yeaaahhhhh..!!!!!
thats awesome... you deserve it! keep up the good work... just dont forget the bean!
You're nothing but a second rate, trying hard, COPYCAT! *splashes a glass of water in your face*
Really excited to watch the Skins and the Eagles...great start so far!
#ItsCrazyHow pple say one thing but act on another
Vamos a Barcelona ante el Real Madrid en el Clásico de hoy!
There goes my life
i hate perverts...
Food for thought. RT New musicians: "Not getting paid isn't the enemy. Anonymity is the enemy" -David Herlihy
uh what is hunching? Lol
Jetting off to NYC with a Supermodel Finalist, Wilhelmina +40 model search.
Hosting a webinar in 30 mins from now for clients - Blogs as a Dealer CRM tool - send me a DM if you'd like to attend
My favorite reason for being a Registered Dietitian: Combining science/food/passion to help others improve health! HAPPY #RDDay!!!
they have some federal funding, have the votes, and won't put it up for referendum. It might go through, regardless of costs.
just confirmed our 3 judges for #CMJ #RhymeCal showdown this Thurs...and our special guest mackin' girl...
follow me please
we are a band! What are you???
WooHooo! Can't wait. :)
Can't have it all. Boo.
awe maybe they upgrading.
Love hard, fuck harder
RT : Have a friend that wears sandals with jeans all the time? He hits on your girlfriend when you’re not around.
No tweet whistle for me. Just the regular txt msg tri-tone
✨✌✨✌✨follow me cuz i love u and u inspire me
"I'm keeping my options open." Translation: I'm going to wait so long to make a decision that I will no longer have an option.
watchin sex and the city...just classic.
we won't make it in time for HD museum meetup - maybe later meetup?
and they're talking about expanding it to allow online FastPass reservations. That ought to be an adventure.
Awesome! It's penciled in.
Am out.batt3 low
Missouri’s top court refuses to hear KC murder case
I don't even care anymore!
A2: Networking in person is best. Attend local events in your area, and always bring your "A" game wherever you go! You never know.
cmgeluk: #sla2010 u can find the Collection Intell slides on the Sci-Tech Div website;plus MEB posts her slides at ...
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don't have it.
Sick band name: Wild Rumpus
woooohoooooo Halloween is coming. What are you going to be?
If, “It’s a bird! It’s a plane! No, it’s Besse Coleman!” was said by kids everywhere, wouldn’t they want to soar to unimaginable heights?
ENJOY IT!
Congrats to and team for an important win in yesterday's #wvgov race!
aw pop they are jerks
You sir are amazing
8 more days until the concert woohoo!
how is the music coming out
Looks like is really trying to get the word out with their flying. blimp over the city
Much to my current delight, De Gea plays with all the confidence of my dog when it knows it's done something wrong,
See Angkor Wat, ride a bike & raise money for children! Angkor Wat Bike Race & Cycle - Sat 3rd Dec
Ignorance is kind
Off to the set of SHAME all night, then to the set of BLUE BLOODS all day tomorrow. ;-)
RT : Incredible #Denver SEO firm looking for candidate w/technical SEO expertise AND client management skillz. @ me.
Work flow lets go
Happy 95th birthday, National Park Service!
love u too
Lego nerds are awesome.
#Seed...The Possibility For A Harvest.
Taking an Uber from the stadium after the match? Tweet out about it with the hash tag #UberFutbol & get $10 off your next ride!
is mad at me.
R&R at Journal of Health Communication - need to revise my cv again. But that's a good thing!
For whatever happened, I hope you at least get a smoothie out of the deal.That was my favorite prego treat!
Balanced weekend of friends, hair cut/color, Target shopping, movie, jewelry making, magazines, TV DVRd, YE paper filing & Super Bowl!
She use to tie her hair up in ribbons & bows, sign her letters with X's & O's..
follow follow follow
will you ever notice me??? If so please follow me
RETWEET this & follow us for a chance to see the 85th Annual Golden Gloves this weekend !
Dangit. Love(d) Bored as well.
power out I'm scared D: ughh
I miss you tons!! :(
Steam is coming to Mac. The Mac gaming future is looking bright in 2010.
I have the same sleep schedule. I hate it.
Trick to getting a toddler thru a wedding? Among other things, a dress with pockets. Pacifier or cheese...whatever works.
Kinky ass ppl on oovoo ewww
or if you know something is gonna be really stressful and scary
bummed. Each of those > office
OMG MAYA RIP WE'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU
Next time Barrea drives to the lane, I want someone to put him on his wallet!
what, no Faulkner? (Everyone's a critic)
we need a movie nightt :)
I have no idea, right now. I'll let you know when I find out. But I don't think it's at two.
I had my first Jean Rollin recently too, with LIPS OF BLOOD
what if they try to break the door down?
Thanks Loren!
I'm back (because the wifi is back) Thx
no cap? What would happen to Washington, Cleveland, Nets, Kings and Charlotte that can't pay big salaries??
No go for a non-speaking Flight 2. Also, planes should board by window, middle, and aisle seats...not back to front or rich to poor.
@ initial concept discussion - director said he saw a big opening, then sitting in 1 look until curtain call... current count 120 & rising
love you back!
Tons of Fans at Plews Brews in St Johns where my meet and greet was hosted by Randy Plew earlier today. Live Music till 2am
i think we're multiple: even the online/offline selves are often blended as worlds enmesh. i interact w/ppl in both.
lol, but I like someone else remember ? I can't just go around being a slore & like every guy I see lmao
At bier and plunged.. What a cozy place.. :P
Amazing weekend at the 53rd annual Monterey Jazz Festival. blew the roof off on Saturday & Ahmad Jamal killed it on Sunday.
Shawty got potential I can be her sponsor
S/o to the lazy folk who depend on the system
Look Out For Jay Rimes New Music Video!1!
Number 1 thing that scares me
Goodnight everyone :)
LOL. That's awesome. I so wish!
sorry forgot about that....I was thinking...has he ever had pils??
So tired finished work nap time yawn
she was mean.Psh i shoulda ran that b over with my wheelchair by "accident"
Well bye twitter!!!
be awesome be miz
#WorstBreakUpExcuses "It's because I like you that I don't wanna be with you. It's a complicated emotion."
In all fairness I did stare at the numbers for a while
At least you didn't wake up to find him standing at the foot of you bed...
“: Packing for ATL. I just found out were filming in Peachtree City . What's good Down there???”
I feel like playing more sideman gigs these days. Interested in hiring me? I can play in all keys & time signatures if you treat me well.
You too! U r great! RT : Whoo-saaaa! Y'all have a blessed one. I'm stepping away from twitter for a minute.
Getting prepared for the International Beauty Show in NYC- March 6-8!
I've came to the conclusion that "Reef Releaf" is the greatest song of all time.
don't worry you still my bro and we gotta sled and ice skate over Christmas break
you're the #blurst!! #moody?
SO BORED............NOW, I'M GOING TO DANCE TO SEXY AND I KNOW IT
I literally don't tweet anymore. #whydoIeventry ?
That's a cute cat.
i miss you to ):
love it! (p.s. - it's "primogeniture")
who says being weird is a bad thing
I can't stand it when fast food restaurants don't give you a tray!
You guys know where we can find the presenter's slides or videos?
i can't beleive i have to argue with my boyfriend about his wallpaper on his phone lol dear i want my boyfriend back haha
#cwgchina China education tour, Yangling, Northwestern Agricultural Uni, significant center plant genomics research, 2 hours west of X'ian
Movement is a constant. It's the way in which we perceive movement that changes and evolves. CG Philosophie.
yeah, WTF man i'm SO pissed..
REPLY TO ME
Sorry you're having a good day
TV GUIDE Reported that Evil Dick violated CBS Rules and Regulations and was LET GO
It was so nice to see your face in the Bizzy app over the weekend. Welcome aboard.
The travel budget for #thebachelor always has to plan for at least one extra cross-country round trip ticket for a dumped contestant
I clearly need to know the work of Twyla Tharp, Merce Cunningham, & Demis Volpi just as much as Mozart, Stravinsky, & Berg
cool! Glad you like the twitter map! :)
im sorry bro
Let there be more joy and laughter in our living.
About to download #ChurchClothes. Workout listening to #ChurchClothes. But not in my #ChurchClothes. Or will I?
Ron Gardenhire has been an excellent manager with the Twins. But it might be time to make a change.
