but my next jaunt to SE Asia, it is at the top of the list.
Someone give me a good #TT to go in on.......
Don’t miss your chance! Today is the last day for shipping in time for Valentine’s Day!
I'll be there & the G2G RT : #CIOSummit is coming up next week for SIM chapter leaders. Will you be attending? Give us a shout out!
RT : Fat free Greek yogurt + frozen berries + vanilla protein powder = delicious meal for getting lean
Yes. But I didn't train. I will be letting my corporation down with my subpar race time.
Can you sing a few lines for me too? Lol
You can get some sympathy from about this.
Again with this no bars -.-
i think im in love with the blues brothers now.
Watching the video of Junior Seau's mom - I gotta go wash the tears off my face ...
Will someone do something with the Borders on Broadway and Brand already? It's sad.
um NO!!! Lmbo! You said you were basically a doctor but you definitely had your phone in your hand.
I can't reach my mom I am walking home to log in
Right back attcha!! RT We are all excited to have you guys from join us in London! 85 days to go!
the rioters are for mary j blige
Nice. But it's a long vacation. Seen more Speedos than I can imagine.
you probably get this a lot but I love you!!!!! I really wanna see you at vidcon but I can't go :(
#heysonny may be the best hashtag I saw all day
On way to Lincoln Square tree lighting
Our Hosts today will be, Moses Munoz, Marisa Welles & Roque Castro.
that's good man!!
"I don't even bother saying no to you Toni. There's no point." -
NO QUESTIONS ASKED. THIS DUDE RIGHT HERE HAS DESERVED IT SINCE G5: CERTIFIED FLY!!!
Some old lady is asking my dentist a thousand pointless questions....lady, who cares, you'll be wearing dentures soon!
Happy hour starts at 3...Brewer game starts at 3....coincidence? I think not!
Train fell off the bridge in east China has been buried under the bridge within 24hrs, without taking all the bodies out, why??????
Happy Birthday! I hope you're already home having a fun evening.
whats good today ?
I love it! You're the next Douglas Bubbletrousers!
foorreeaaaallsss,? no way
I have tinychat :)
as an avid supporter of #openness and #transparency, I can proudly claim that I hide nothing ;) except for dark chocolate
already installed :)
still trying to decide whether tonight's graduate seminar will be trick or treat.
Just one more cup I swear. Then out the door.
slay one for me
yeah . . . I haven't used hotmail since high school and don't have a live or msn email account. :-/
Check out our new site! Simple and straight to the point!
RT A big thank you to & for surprising with new bedding sets for all the kids.
See timeline for detailed hh of my absurd triple up.
Sitting at a bar with a guy who looks like Jeremy Renner's brother...
Where are you going?
amazing blog about overcoming bullying/ a friends suicide www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com #stopbullying ..wow....
are you going to the nets game the 17? I miss you too much Lil buddy<3
Tennis elbow is the devil
We never really interact with each other no more like last year. We use to be so cool. We should tho.
": Then you could get discovered and become a model like Chris" that's a bet
Do not say everything you think, but think everything you say... This time real, night. Love!
Hope u all had a fun wkend as well. If not, let's work on making the next one better. Life's too short to NOT live ur life in fun and peace
Come let me touch ya, come, come let me touch ya. ;*
Yeah fam I am working with Ease to get you some placements
Oh good grief. I the wrong person. Boo for phony twitter personas!
Season Come Already
Sort of. His high so far is 100 pitches. Definitely last inning. RT : Is he on a pitch count?
Finished our last day of in-service training for NATO yesterday. Now we wait & see what happens.
Damn he's So cute.
you and your video games
Gratitude time!!!
Have heard the same! Guess I should eat nothing between now and then in order to prepare!
At great lakes brewery 😄
Talk to me in person, not in text.
Now that's what I'm talking about!! Way to go, #Bruins! Take that Toronto!
Have fun with your child and prank Daddy. Try offering him a Snake in a Can or a Dribble Cup.
Tweet me you battle tag to friend up
I agree with Jimmy. I can see all the pieces, but not always perfect. I didn't LOVE "I don't want to miss a thing," but "My All" was good!!
Heading to Shooters to hang with various pilots and have a cocktail! Care to join me? See you at 6. Lets kick off the air show! CU there
efficiency is a gene-my dad and brother share a birthday. now my niece is strongly considering mine. not born, and already solving problems
thank you! what up?
I'm listening to "Think About It" by Donell Jones.
You sure did, cause I sure do! ;) I have 2, a daughter & a son.
And of course cell phones were an indirect result of the space program
1bar lyrics/rhymes: "I came to bring pain in the game" 4 sale ©2012
Thanks dude!
:P hipster day at rehearsal:P
Happy New Year Q. Heres to an amazing 2012
just get out of my life...gi pul an nako nimo..=P
laughing at my jack russell-- he just scared himself awake.
no way avs give Matt up
Oh hell. Nookie's bagging on for doing her part to take down the yard of ale. Bo Nook. Weak.
Today is a wonderful day!!!
Curling my hair at 9 at night cuz im bored.lol.
RT : FYI: We are open until 10pm tonight!!
Just seen the Avengers with my mom, nina, and lil cuz...beast ass movie :)
Relaxation rooms at the airport. They are coming soon. More info at 5 on
#Aftershocks jolts Chile -- Our thoughts and prayers are with you all!
If you need a dentist while visiting San Diego, please call us and we'll look into your toothache! Take care!
I do. :) What's he think, since he's a dad? Have you read it?
": awe sooowwy!" About nick today?
learning. He wouldn't even get back to you. Just act like you never even sent a msg. So they wont help us. So why help them?
" you look trashy"
This rain does not make being up this early easy
And you Tasha... Please, be okay...
Feeling some emotions at this very moment after a day of getting my ass kicked: panic and disappointment. No idea what I'm doing.
So glad! She sounds a lot like my almost 4yo. :)
I've played that game many times before. I love it but my wallet doesn't.
My dad thinks he's slick...
Death Cab For Cutie, Britney Spears Aren't The First To Sport Light-Up Fashion
I'm happy I get to call YOU my boyfriend(:
im serious november 23 is my bday
,why,i like your old one better hunneydo
Interviewing Sissy Spacek here in a few minutes. Starpower in the building...
Why is there a man walking through my neighborhood with a Parrot on his shoulder? #What?
Respectful fight by Haley, had wide open shot at Campells's face after he went down but didn't swing
taco bell <3333
no that's tool much. I'm be back n d boro by then
I need someone to go with me tomorrow... Getting the outline for my sleeve done.
What are the successes of the past century that allow us to live longer lives?
Stupid? Maybe, but she had never felt so alive. But she couldn't share that, not yet, so she replied "yeah."
ok so let's see..start putting a dollar for every bad word we will be #millionaires lol
#RandomThingsThatAnnoyMe any ad with 'Got ____?' ... how 'bout: Got Anything Original?
I think you will enjoy....you can also get his show in iTunes for free...I usually listen that way
. work will investigate and support requirement to type on smartphone and walk at same time. #hcil brownbag
Just finished the Steve Jobs biography...a natural segue way to "The Shallows- What the Internet is Doing to our Brains"
save the date: April 12. Los Angeles.
Where are and ?
New ridiculousness: Print an email. Walk over to my desk and set it down in front of me. Tell me to read it. Really!? (cc: )
they can cancel classes, but to mess with the temple of productivity makes it impossible to be a real person.
Flying back to Oregon tomorrow for a busy week and my first interview in over a year, speaking out! STAY TUNED!
Labor Day Weekend is here! The party is kickin' off tonight at The Fly...who's ready!?
jealous of you & .. Give him some "dap" for me
I'm sad to inform all you stylers ( harry styles fans) that harry is taken by a model named emma osley
Congratulations, Andrew :)
: Thanks for great convo!
no, i dont. but I will!
2nd period has started...
I'm not going to vegas tho. And when I was going I was going with Tray to see his mom but military happens
Birth control pills work on gorillas lol?
Mr. Kramer: I've been a fan since your role on Roseanne. You are an exceptional and versatile actor. Best wishes always.
im bout to move to the moon
Ordering Some House Slippers... They Look Comfy
Keep your readin' eyes and holes peeled: Brock is scratching out a retrospective on the world's strongest humans called "Muscle Memories"
Thanks Dawn!
IMMORTAL FLASH MOB REHEARSAL HAPPENING NOW AT HYPE STUDIOS IN TORRANCE 12-2pm
Can't sleep!
Hmm. Urgent voicemail from the bank. I called back, and they said, "Oh, you could have just disregarded that voicemail!" *facepalm*
I'm drunk in Utah. What's good? Ever been drunk in Utah? It's strange here
Happiness is getting a haircut that is a little to short that has now grown in just right.
call me maybe.
The Only Way I Fail is If I Give Up..
Growing old is a must, Growing up is optional I C!!
Maybe SIX things we learned on this Ravens Christmas Eve??
Chillin at this point ...
I hate how I was just getting over you && bam!! There u go making me fall for u again -____-
If I am ever certified as insane, I'm going to blame Andrew's current obsession with "the animaniacs"
Currently watching WVU USF game on MASN. The USF tubas are always audible and characteristically goofy.
Thanks bro! RT : I got a shoulder for u sis RT : Feel like I need to cry.
By the way, Will's improv 401 class who I just watched at , pretty funny, you funny people.
Justin biebers concerts this weekend in Texas were off the chain
RIP, drowned phone. Welcome, brand new phone!
Blessings for my 1st pick the past 2 seasons on signing an extension. Really one of the most exciting players in the league
Black Pride was essential in our fight for social equality. However, our economic equivalent will come only through, repeated Black Support!
How beautiful is today?
LoL my old crush wants to be friends with me on Facebook:)
sounds good just keep me posted ;) can go to star or somewhere up here.
It was a tough weekend with the Seahawks loss in the playoffs. I am slowly recovering. . .
My computer is acting up idk why
I cannot get over how gorgeous it is outside! I need to be sipping some beverages outside 
Woot we love when you come by!! Cheers RT : coming your way with for Happy Happy Hr!
#Work is a beauty of life.
Looking 4 partner 2 be on-the-ground organizer of Taste and Tweets. Want to partner? www.TasteTweet.com/MarketDirector.htm Plz RT
is writing crazy writing like crazy.
haha what a friendly fish
I was playing on you typing 'mist' instead of 'must', but yeah I thought it was a great interview. Always liked Oden.
did not I told him we was clowning lol my bad yo
NaLee2010.com check it out ebooks are only $.99
someone come and watch Adventure Time with meh
I love you too bestfriend(:
your brain was working, it was just 99% text twist 1% everything else
Hit dat bitch with the gud ol
Our show is tomorrow night on Citywide Blackout from 6-8p unregularradio.com. Feat:Boston and Bosco. Let's talk about all things rock!!!
CHARGING!!!! And a 3pg dagger before that. Oh my
You right abt that, im sorry :[
"WE HAVE NO SENSE FOR EMPTY TIME"
don't worry Nate he is just a loser
the only reason you're living here is because me & my dad decided your mom was really hot & that we should both bang her.
If I had really killed myself after that last tweet, you would be sad but also impressed at how hilarious of a suicide note that was
Hey I didn't know you worked for yourself. That's pretty cool. That's what I want to do.
REALLY need to get out and do stuff - but I need a BOAT to get to my car!!! UNBELIEVABLE DOWNPOUR HERE IN THE VALLEY!!!
d'oh! I never responded to your SMS. My bad :(
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
ah nice! uk knows what's up.
Guess where I ate dinner last night? DE-LICIOUS!
I don't always drink Microbrews, but when I do I prefer Great White & Racer 5
One time I had a dream that I was dancing. I was about to do a combination. "5, 6, 7, 8..." I started dancing in bed, but then I woke up.
Shout Out to our newest west side restaurant. Please Follow one of the best and oldest italian restaurants in
7 servings of this provides high quality antioxidants, plenty of high-quality protein, vitamins and minerals; dietary fiber; dairy- and...
Just observation at this point, but I just posted the new (Convergence) paper on academic.edu which has a bit
Watching Whitney Houston funeral service..
I bet people feelins be hurt when they say Goodmornin to someone n that person don't say it back but still tweetin!
Chimpanzee was awesome! The world is such an amazing place.
thanks for your help. Good luck on your adventure. I can't wait to hear more.
if thats the case, you will freak out when you try the
welcome to the twitterverse.
Join Co-Author of "Success On God's Terms" Gerald D. Rogers right now@ the Manhood Tour in the ATL 1950 highway 85 Jonesboro, Ga
"People in the 1970s were unwilling to pay 2 cents more for dolphin-safe tuna." ~Kevin Starr, #socap11. Has the world changed?
Perhaps that we're not in the same diocese is a good thing for the creative balance of the universe.
looking forward to a visit from youth today interested in the mission of !
Really enjoyed the show, but concerned. How thirsty were you guys!?
I lost my star :(
You still have the tix to SeattleBeta? Are they transferable? Not asking for me, it's for a couple of friends. :)
Are you on
Ready to learn all about bookmaking! A nice crafty break from all the recent writing and research.
U ARE GREAT ONLY IF YOU'RE DETERMINED TO BE SO!!! DETERMINATION LIES IN ONES HEART!
Who would have ever thought that we'd be reflecting on bullshit
The older I get, the less likely I am to keep my mouth shut about things that bother me
Karen Head & Nirmal Trivedi just received Georgia Tech Awards for exceptional response rates and outstanding scores on student evaluations.
Hello new followers and customers! So glad to have the support! Thank you!
The Current Analysis #EC12 Wrapup - Brett Shockley, Avaya Had 4 issues Presence, Consumerization, Video and Speeding up adoption.
Casey said I skirted. No pun intended!
Not too much, a lot of writing and we just played the Fearless Friend's tour last night. And yeah i just now saw it! So sick:]
video killed the radio demidog ? .
change is good....embrace it!
lol. Yeah, focus on school! :)
fierce baby! ALL THE TIME! ROAAAARRRR!!
Who is the best candidate for healthcare issues!
Does anyone know why is moving to Miami for?
DailyHookahTip#127: If you don't have a way to stabilize your hookah at parties, put it in a bucket filled with ice on top.Cool and safe.
RT Our George Lopez Celeb Golf Tournament was a major success. Thanks to all of our amazing sponsors!!
I really should've signed up the fan cave I watch a lot of baseball lol
first the hilarious videos, now this!!!! :D RT : Big shout out to 6-0-0! Keep it up!
Forget paid #internships - in your dreams #collegegraduates. And you better know how to make coffee:
In The Mall Wit #KIL Bitch
Dress. No Tights! hello sunny & 85!
Sweet site let me know how I can help get the word out.
you can transform a company into a contact (or the other way around) under other actions on contact detail page
Books, books, the magical fruit, the more you read, the more you are awesome.
Reading Jessica James' civil war novel, Shades Of Gray. Impressive writer!!!
Took my little one and she enjoyed it...and I didn't fall asleep. You'll have fun!
Our city knows you guys gave it your all and that's all we can ask. Respect. Thanks for being a Raven.
When I watch Walking Dead I feel like an angry zombie who wants to eat everyone on the show. Maybe this is the point of it?
I am looking for Artists to feature in my gallery. Are you a toy artist?
Do it, lots of wonderful things happening in downtown LV - look forward to seeing you!
I'm so desperate I need Roc royal to follow asap
Great coverage so far. Hope they keep it up. Hats off to
The first 5 days after a weekend are rough, but I'll make it.
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
ok had to leave #occupywallst protest but I hope my tweets helped. Power to the people!
Oh man, I've had the urge for the past 2 years to, but something always crops up. Then I get annoyed cos it feels like an excuse!
The website design is a fail because Godaddy's site builder doesn't work on a Mac. They might have mentioned that.....
Love Chopped! RT : Cooking dinner with #Chopped on in the background. I find myself rushing to beat the clock.
I'll definitely have to check it out! Is listing free?
someone should be the underwear glitter bomber.
are you modeling??
so, an "semi midget" according to your bio, eh? :)
Productive Sunday! Checking out an apartment this afternoon, getting some work done for Jockey, and then off to support !
A tank has one purpose, but software tech has many. This changes the acquisition model for governments, and prob companies, too.
How about Robinson over Thomas(den)
how he wears only a blanket on the plane. ♥
you've been playing for like 6 hours lol
sorry I got hacked
with your attitude, i'm surprised you actually have friends
Should you see me wandering around talking to myself in public today, worry not. I'm just chanting.
...take dollar out of a rich person's pocket, it crashes the economy?
I need to go on a vacation:-)
Fantastic article on being a dad and an actor in LA from today. Follow him and check it out.
I want you. I want you so bad.
I know, it's so terribly sad
Studying abroad this summer or fall? We're looking for bloggers! If you're interested, please let us know!
lol people these days
iv been chilling i only go out like once a month where you be going out let me know
Thank you, my dear!! :) I'm very chuffed for SECRETS and Miranda! xoxo
of course I follow :) ♥
Omgomg sophia and rosie are gonna sing on ellen again((: love those little cuties
thanks man..which song?
Sailing...and does visiting lobster roll shacks count?
it= the show
lol maybe on that topic
HI evryone please take a moment and check out my website www.createmoneyweb.com
what do you mean lies?
then you have every right to call him a wanker, no?
As my boy put it, you're either a #BUM or a #BOSS. #BOSS it is for me.
Uh, we're looking at the forecast and it's not looking really pretty for racing ... big storm cell moving in from southern Indiana.
With no ads, who would pay for the media? The good fairy? ~Samuel Thurm
#Hugs swept first place at the 2012 Stevenson MAP Film Festival! -JO
Speakers: We know we have problems with women in power when the lead story of the day is H. Clinton not wearing makeup.
Huge turnout at WakeGOP convention tonight.
PATIENCE! it's a virtue! ...a stupid one RT come on with the announcement already, ! the anticipation is torment!
At ORD, waiting for challenge week 2011 to begin. And milkshakes in Cincy...
Is that #tickertape or batthroom tissue that just flew by our windows???
March 25th!!! You don't wanna miss, not only the SHOW but the "2" party right after with and
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH<3! FOLLOW HIM!
well i am a person. But the bar is a bar lol. Kevin!
I'm am so jealous of you! :) I love them!! Lucky you :D
Remember the irony of them hawking social web/smart devices while none of us could get on overloaded Wifi last year?
i have testing in the morning, but i'm WIDE AWAKE . FML
I'm gonna need Starbucks tomorrow. Venti Iced Vanilla Latte w/ light ice here I come.
I just don't even know what to think anymore.
Testing out an obstacle course! gotta make some money somehow :)
Im such a student in her world!
Library = #personal #digital #library. Jeffrey demonstrating how you can easily scan in physical books' barcodes....
thank you lord for another beautiful day
Jersey Shore premiere was also the most watched cable program of 2010. Suck on that Mad Men.
Love it! Good luck with the car. <3
I think my paper fried my brain.. I have nothing constructive or remotely intelligent to say about community needs analysis.
ND putting it on them dang!
show me
lmao, yeah all the time. I'm watchin Sherlock Holmes on PBS
I'll go if u can find a brown wig and heels that fit me lol
it's normal to go through this rage... try to stay constructive. :)
Haha, yeah I love projects that make the internet a little more fun and a little less business.
I just know that when my mom gets back I'm gonna fuck her up
haha! You are so very welcome!! :) thank you for being so cool and having them!!
Forced RT: My question of the day: will fast will follow me on Twitter?
well he can dream.
Yes. It means if we average 20 points a week we stand a chance of catching up in a mere 38 weeks. Trivia math!
If tht dream ever happened im real life., I'd kill someone
Watching a rocket land.
Who Says
Are you going to become a fan? They have your colors and now you live out there!
Let's Go Cardinals!
for the next hour i don't care about anything but How I Met Your Mother
"So does Abby Lee show these girls the steps? I mean, she's so fat..." hahaha my mother
oh the phone calls we must make.
#teambreezy forever on mi mind at all times
Looking forward to this #MayweatherCotto fight.
#GymPetPeeve when they're scoping you out curling or squatting or on the treadmill and trying to see how heavy/hard youre going...LOOK AWAY
Haha nah we're good. We just moved in here in April. But thanks!
The world these days
I hope so. RT : PM will be Broncos today...can't wait!!!
Olive Garden Feast Fest!
#. Buying Cheap Wolverine Men&#39;s Raider 6&quot; Contour Welt Boot ...
Oh Melo I'm not a fan of NY but you are one gorgeous man...please beat the heat
I'd be happy if anyone was willing to study for my last two finals for me Takers?
I should be working but instead I am flooding everyones twitter feeds with absolute nonsense. One day I will have something important to say
Fill in the blank: My favorite menu item from Jimmy's is _______, because it tastes like ________.
Do you have a campaign office in Nevada?
towel under the door, we wasn't even suppose to smoke
I normally don't do politics, but... Is the 2-party system really a good idea? Or the cause of our ("us" vs "them") political problems?
"For those of you that don't know me: I'm Taylor's amazing younger sister." - FTW! Haha.
Last time I was at a concert, it wasn't that known of a band and it was more than a decade ago!
Going to see #thegrey! :) Has anyone seen it yet?
love that! Best perk of AM workouts is that I feel like my brain is firing on all cylinders once I get to my desk.
haha that's funny and I totally missed it!
what r u doin today ?
Very fair and important distinction, but still an unethical use of authority/influence for sexual purposes.
Had fun last night at my party . Was a little fucked up
cause your hot... Girls that love Austin, Justin, and one direction LOVE hot guys on twitter...LOL
Cool. You got tickets? Are you going w/Zamora?
Been busy trying to write LOL where have you been Bon!? :)
You too Trelly God bless
Jayde and Ed help out Alexa on BLOWN OFF in just a minute!
...and I'm still not ready to eat food. Thanks, #Thanksgiving for making me bloated and just too full.
that is one call I wish I could take. I need a light at the end if the tunnel! Sorry to hear you're in a rough patch as well.
follow back ??
Just realized that I no longer have anything to read during my commute to and from work anymore.
Spay or Neuter? -Yes- Home that evening-out patient for your dog or cat.
#sincewebeinghonest Jason Terry that was a bitch ass move you did!!! And #sincewebeinghonest We (#Lakers) still going to win!!!
Brenda Just taught a brief Cinahl Class to a group of nurses.
oh you flatter! But thank you :-)
I am spending 21st BDAY on Wednesday driving 8 hours to see u vs. Bucks in Milwaukee! Possible to meet u? Your my all time MVP!
Starting today with the noisy Breville Juice Fountain to payback my neighbors for using a power saw during NFL Sunday.
lol just lost a follower. byebye
I am in sore throat hell. Again. Fuck!
Virtual travel abroad e-journal. Constructivist/experiential/collaborative. Weekly assignment essential.
well let's def. talk, then.
I don't normally do New Year's resolutions but this seems like a good one: be more courageous.
I sort of love the sound of Russian.
Serious business.
oh you talking bout when "bitches" lick up water
yes definitely!
Annoyed to pull out my Fleischman's yeast and see that it's stamped "Bake for the Cure." No longer pleased to be supporting
Busy is good, indeed, and am glad it is helping you. Using anything save for a brush is most groovus. :-)
if 90 percent of your tweets are arguing with celebs/famous personalities trying to get noticed, just stop.
Next week our Village Glen HS Seniors will participate in the senior trips. Exciting activities & community service are planned.
RT : Another domino falls in the #CleanHouseMission2012 so yall gettin what yall wanted. A record breaking 10yr run but...
Need another reason to drink at Burnhearts tomorrow night? Yum Yum will be parking outside w/ falafel & more! Good beer + good food! 7pm
YAY SNUGGLE TIME :)
I want my don's voice to be a cross between Darth Vader and Mufasa.
Say hello to sabram!
i would really appreciate it if boo bear or haz would tweet right now. thanks
F***cckkkkk... Been taking "tragos" ever since got to BOMBAY RANCH.
it looks nasty outside and people wonder why i have been lazy the past couple hours
Uh, that wasn't me because I totally already knew that!
Your welcome. (kobe voice)...RT : kobe tried to tell y'all.
clippers playing together. Kobe playing bye him self
hey u
It's fantastic! The books are better, of course, but it's a great adaptation. I highly recommend it.
its all good girl haha
any numbers (couldn't make conference) thanks
what do you want to do tonight? Fyi we may need to go out hard tmw :) so maybe low key tonight?
gonna go eat lunch. tweet ya later
never mind, is shutting down
you little whores lol
I am so down! You tell me when
I absolutely HATE dramatic people
Didn't sleep well!
Factor XI Deficiency and Obstetrical Anesthesia | Anesthesiologie ...
Twitter is still kind of fun, though, so maybe I will come back for a while.
feet so soft. I think he slick be gettin pedicures. BOL.
- We are making friends, and collecting partners. We are feeling very optimistic!
RT : “Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.” ― Dr. Seuss
we all know, lazy bum.(x
I just had a coherent phone conversation which means I'm not buzzed enough...
the rest of the crew has no clue what we have to put up with.....
Then why do people put cucumber slices on their eyes?
Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind.
I don't know! lmao. xD And aw
um drinky dranks in our near future, please?
Ain't Austin a piece of work???“ Rewatching A-list NY with my boo... It's warm. :) #teamDerek”
The weather in PDX today is lovely. Couldn't have asked for a better start to my weekend!
I lost followers:( But all of my friends on Twitter moved to Tumblr.... Man come back to Twitter<3
I'll keep that in mind! Thanks for the suggestions.
is gonna lose :)
seen Josh Hamilton lately?? 😳 crushing it.
>>> I'm working ICE get ready
Thanks for the follow Maestro Blake. If you could pick one instrument...what would it be?
Schedule your next teeth cleaning at Studio B Smiles!
Let's learn from each other!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/01/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Why would you even be on the phone coughing up phlegm? That is so disgusting
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Being that I'm leaving for Russia in less than 2 weeks, I better get my butt in gear and start getting ready
The end of this week...
hey Ms punk
RT : We make a point of letting our students know how we find "cool" stuff on twitter-> FABULOUS
:) Why are you up so early?
It didn't smell like a PayDay! But I think it was a special Valentine's gift.
If #Obama had cut off a classmate's hair, he'd get pegged the gang-banging pimp socialist Muslim, not just the socialist Muslim.
Is spring cleaning the office.
I'm not even sure I consider myself a "gamer" in the same sense that I'm a book "reader" and film/TV "viewer." Maybe I should...
new goal - make my apartment cool enough to be featured on apartment therapy's "small cool"
Admiral Mullen: shout out to employers of Guard and Reserve. We would be no where without the #Guard and
when is tgat?
dig common's beard #grammys and glad that he's giving props to gil scott-heron
Just remember IMMA ALWAYS BE ABLE TO REPLACE YOU
FNO after party at Diva with special guest DJ Vicki Wang tonight 9pm! Complimentary Hors'duerves will be served.
RT James Marcelin looking spiffy in his Haitian kit. sbn.to/mXZvwx
RT : loving my first 10 minutes! <=YaY :) SO FUN and info-packed. Glad to have you here!
who died?
is my Beantown dwelling brother - check his blog for the skinny on local beats and eats
Tis the season to give. Get 5% off mattress when you donate $10 to
lame ass
Whatever. Not even gunna stress this. I am not in the position to stress right now..
Woosah. Breathe in. Breathe out.
Wish me luck
This is great! RT : It smells like apple cinnamon Jamison shots in my office and I was not at last night!
whenever i see you up on your bed i cant help thinking that i want to punch you in the head
“: Paris Hilton should make a sex tape with 2 black guys and call it NIGGAS IN PARIS!”. ROTFLMFAO
What kinda happy ending are we talking about here, lol
pizza pizza pizza
Must be terrible parents
I agree there are issues with govt-funded higher ed in the US; offer a counterproposal?
that would be the best collaboration ever, ever...
Idk who's more excited about tonight the fans or the stars of the show
oh hush up
I was actually able to say 'bow ties are cool' today. Not often you can quote #doctorwho quote IRL
I was just getting used to owls/legends highlights
I hope so too. I would say to "lighten up" but that tact was discredited by a flair of false dilemma.
Do you still have that billboard on hwy 16 with a car crashing into it?
well there is is there. just like that!
Any tips on running #JBossAS7 on Fedora 16? JBOSS_HOME is set but getting ModuleNotFoundException. No probs getting it running on Windows 7.
thanks for the follow!
stack jack
I love my president. I want him for 4 more years. Can we make that happen? Thanks
Simplify, organize, and thank God for each and every blessing RT What's your New Year's resolution?
I cannot wait to hear about this
Thanks, Dennis! The pleasure is mine!!
OMG yes. I'm pretty much broke now. But that's okay, I just won't eat for...the month of June
to honor with the 2012 Service to America Leadership Award
Thank you to Corpus Christi Tots and Teens for hosting a FABULOUS site visit! It's great to see the enthusiasm!
I mean seriously, now everyone knows their business SMH
Also thanks to for the live tweets!
Good burger >
This RIP "Insert Celebrity Name Here" thing is getting old fast.
What’s Your Lip Style? here some great information for woman with small medium and large lips read more www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
yeah.. Me and Santana almost died. ;)
aww pewpew! I was distracting your boy with texts while you were spending QT together.
we need more of that!
damn it I suck at responding. I think Wednesday is only night this week Megan and I have home time. How things going?
HaHahaha!!! Santana on #Glee is freaking HILARIOUS!<3 "its okay if Rachel wants a big beak."
The wifi in my house is terrible.
I'm sticking with the Heat-Pavers & Spurs game until I fall asleep.
Did I forget to mention I'm no longer on probation 😊 this will be a glorious summer.
is this true
I actually was able to finish in 6hrs. Normally it takes a week. I finished before anyone. Teacher says she is impressed!!
scream-singing along to i love life
Just now starting to hit me that I'll be leaving Oxford in 2 days....
If only I could do a thousand things @ one time, but I would rather just do one thing well. I have a lot to do.
RT My momma said don't b afraid 2 shit on all these niggas!
My Heart Will Go On!!
Yessir! Big ups to you guys! See you at D'mongo's on the 18th?
I wanna travel to Paris
Insane ~> now live tweeting a BRAIN SURGERY. Amazing what Social Media can enable.
You're probably gonna have to have two meetings. Business in the front, party in the back!
Sorry, I can't be grownup enough for everyone. You all have to grow up too.
Favre needs to shut his trap!
The textual anxiety of writing for an audience of editors. cc
My heart skips a beat w/ every new tweet on my timeline.
No matter what job we have (or don't have) we are all the CEO of ourselves.
thanks for understanding. Haha
I wanna go go dance like so bad someone help me?
I will miss all the amazing talent the #Colts let go this year, but I'm thrilled is still our punter. He's my fave anyway :)
Who enjoyed the beautiful weather this weekend!?!
#4BetterOr4Worse is a kick ass band RT this plz all over the Twitter Universe :)
Peppers In Broad Ripple Saturday Night!!!! Be There!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm Too much to handle!
Nothing, about to watch, Because I Said So. Trying to sleep too.
Even me ? RT : I don't like any of you.
well they had to do this instant elimination thing... And got it SO wrong
orange slice is most definitely obligatory. no other citrus will do! (Save your lemons for Hoegaarden, also delicious!)
Doc appointment ..... Job looking ... Dinner .....
me sorry rem-job. We didn't even get to go in anyways. I <3 you
must be bringing us all together.
That newspaper is old news.
PCL with Jay... This hoe packed
yea that's what I thought, I hope they do offer, I believe he really wants 2 be a wildcat!!
i want ajax.
I'm just now seeing what you said. Shows how much I use twitter besides my articles.
Justin was adorable on Ellen today!
Great game, yesterday. What's it like competing for both the number 1 team in NCAA D1 BBall and #teamnosleep?
Updated Company Info and Awards on Facebook. Take a look.
Already obsessing about who's gonna win #xfactor tonight!!!!! I can't stand it! better win!!!!
A #family of 4 missing and 2 are still #missing. Murdering #women and #children in the #US has been on the
that would be some nice bling for sure.
- Don't forget the sunscreen.
Her voice is flawless.
Yes! I would go to school for MadMen studies! I think I could write a whole thesis comparing and contrasting Peggy and Joan.
Mayweather vs. Pacquiao let's make it happen already
You have a gift coming thank you so much for all your help
Monday the teacher blindfolded us and today he told us our class was in a plane crash and we had to figure out how to survive
Got the internship!!!! Yes we are definitely kickin it today
Can't stop being sick... :(
Rescue wildlife in 'Animal Kingdom' - USA TODAY
Just curious. Who thinks we should release one more song before the Ep comes out? Or just have three brand new songs for the Ep:)
RIP: Catholic Citizens of Illinois founder, Chicago legend Tom Roeser. Condolences from this soft-as-a-cupcake know-nothing relativist.
Technology for Education just added saynplay to its product line- Hooray!!!! www.tfeinc.com
You should have a M&G ;D
Not just trying to be a grumpy M's fan but has to be Wilhelmsen going to wrong base, throwing away. Though, pitcher.
When girls help you n shit >>> Lmao I'm stupid Haha
how can u watch hockey its terrible
I would watch the jackass movies just to see him
your whole head?
For the record, we'll be rolling a D20 to determine the playing order.
Hope everyone has a lovely stretchy pants day!
Nice Ad last night - big time!
Me too -- adorable. Bittersweet this year, though.
can't in maxwell class you should go get me something and bring it here
Not feeling very successful right now ...maybe some Ben & Jerry's will help me see the light
NOTHING JUST SICK OF MEMPHIS
dm i will tell you about my dream
Project-based learning is the hook once the student is already interested in the content (of the discipline)
You r the best !
Does anyone know of useful resources out there for private money investors?
*LE GASP* dude, I've been there like five times, I found stuff to do xD
I just met your dad Dylan
Only treasures and Chairman are registered because they fiduciary responsibility.
i'm starting dance classes! Can i have a good luck?
Fast Company launching a new website -Co-Exist- to demonstrate how to impact the earth lightly
sure thing - price tag is a little staggering :)
Is it just me or are all the employees in Thom Tillis' office bangin' all the lobbyists in Raleigh y'all?
Klout believes I am influential on Seafood, Pasta, and Moms. Eerily accurate, Klout is.
Thank you and happy year !
I swear, allergies are going to be the death of me!
I could eat you up, I love you so: “: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83”
XOXORT : Happiness!!! :D ... Nothing special going on, but I'm happy! :)
I can only fishtail part of my hair.. Not all of it :(
Happy #MusicMonday! Tag us with your favorite local/regional bands and we'll mail out a free DDE wristband!
fumbling idiots today..u gotta be happy about that!
Have a great day my Love! Xoxoxo -Mr. Grouch
Standing Sideways on the plane. Thanks
Have you joined the #Motorama LIVE discussion yet? Join us from 9-11pm EST tonight and every Wednesday.
$1,000 dollar reward on any information leading to the person or people who stole from the Creek yesterday.
I'm happy to read that there are other USPS enthusiasts out there.
Was that a coincidence? #ilikeditthough :)
wishes much success & good wishes to colleagues dancing and it's organizers
good morning, Jon!
We are excited! Thank you for the mention!
Dec 22 2012 is E-day the Birthday party for planet earth.
we need to hang out!
i hope you know most of us voted our hearts out for you, win or loose, we'll always be here. :)
it's so good here!
Startups are about sacrifices.
Every time, babe, every time!
really sending a telemarketing tweet for someone who died.
SDiego Collaborative Law will cost more-FACT.JAMS Thomas Ashworth will make sure of it.Lori Love/Stephen Doyne use children for $$. $$ win.
i creep tweet
Eyes puttin up a fight well hell they win goodnight niggas
espn needs to chill with calling Blake Griffin a superstar... cmon man.
RT Name an actor who could play my younger brother. > Mo Diaby
That's a good idea. I've been wanting to play with some non-video game designing myself.
For you all at ..show a valid student ID and used code RDGRAD for unlimited $50 tickets for
Art History Lovers...is there anyone more lovely to read than EH Gombrich?
Just As I Promised 4 New Songs(HEY,KITCHEN,I SEE YA, MY LOVE) Off My New CD "The Intro" Check Em Out, Tell The World What You Think - BAM!!!
yoYO Misfit_toy m'friend n pal0mine.. tech9iner here from his biz twitter acct.. keep'n tags on ya for FBI profit someday! LOL;]
At her Moms House
Just played Westminster High in with Symphony Crack!! It's always inspiring playing with , and
Happy mother's day
- you guys have any good conferences on the radar besides the obvious ones? I'm compiling a list for everyone at work. thx
BTW what's not to love about *sigh*
Hit me wit an e mail to send beats to you at
still reading The Expats by Chris Pavone & really enjoying it!
Despite this gloomy weather Im going re-create my current environment with all the color and goodness God has created!
exactly but they hit me with the bible "man is the head of the house"banter.I showed respect to their beliefs but disagreed
don't tell me you love me when I'm mad at you >:/
Cinco de Mayo celebrates Mexicans defeating the French. Seis de Mayo celebrates Tequila defeating dumb ass Americans
The online program for Beyond Borders: San Diego 2012 is almost finished and will be available by Monday. Thanks!
did you see CashCab!
Good times Fri w - c U guys soon
yes, I'll be there my friend
ok if u have a facebook. go to your fb,check your invites and click that u are going to the #MissRedandBlackPageant tickets on sale now!
Ouch. But you'd think a pro body would be highly serviceable, so maybe it'll be minor?
Random man on the bus gave me an awesome compliment and didn't press me for a number-maybe chivalry ain't dead! :-)
"Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can - there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did."
All I want right now is a breakfast sandwich from dunks
on another note Big Joe Blanton is pitching a good game for the
At the Women for Women event. Some really great workshops all day followed by an awards ceremony honoring inspiring #ROC women!
We miss you guys too! I hope all is going well for you and !
What do you love about owning your own business?
TylerMeehan: stillblazingtho walking 5 miles on a state road at 10pm for a buy one get one free big mac.
plz follow me plz follow me plz follow me
Ikr? :'( and thank you so much sist *hug*
hope that question isn't too stupid...
Not all money is good
The 5th Inning (my second memoir) will soon be going into paperback. A good book to use in memoir workshop. Order from Amazon or PM Press.
do you want to make up the earth test tomorrow after school?
On the road again? WSJ NEWS ALERT: U.S. Economy Added 200,000 Jobs in December; Unemployment Rate Slipped to 8.5%
Dinner at Six Feet Under with my King and his bother.
Forgot how good James Morrison was.
I feel so secure when I leave Twitter open as I do my homework, it makes me feel less lonely lol. Is that just me?
Small fire at Belmont Race Track in barn 22. Fire was contained in office area and sprinkler system put out the fire. No injuries to horses.
How does that suck? I'm moving there immediately. Maybe they can even provide me with a ranch dressing hose...
the something else is my creative mind thinking or new ideas/ventures :)
Hahaha! Me too 😝
You know, some of us have to wait another three hours until we get to see it.
take me for who i am. if you dont like me it doesnt give you the right to make fun of me cause im a mexican. think before you say somthing.
well played, well played indeed.
RULES - answer Trivia question posted at 10pm EST & follow -- we will chose the WINNER at 10:45pm EST
awe..I have adopted new favorite Republicans :-).
Adam Gordon quoting Emerson's amusingly precise calculation of what small proportion of human print one can read in a lifetime
S/O to John Lucas I for being ready when your number is called, that's what a pro does!!!
Aw thank you =)
You wrote an intro?!
We finally Made it to #100 views on our #youtube Video "Whatcha Say" !!!and almost #200 on "Somthing Is Missing" Check us Out ! :)
Okayy sure well talk tomorrow
Good bye and good night sleep and tomorrow I have I bored hahha school wing
fantastic social media insights. Establish and maintain authentic relationships where your customers are.
Whatever happens happens.
i want You to have first look
I just love when guys diss because it shows how much there jealous of him <3
I'm all about the flare! And all my friends better be sportin' a Tech SIG sticker!
How are u
Amazing cover! hope it's out today! Seems like a really cool edition.
Good News For Megan Fox: Less Painful Tattoo Removal Procedure Hits Hollywood - Hollywood Reporter
watching tv tweeting
Damn it! Ruined part of the first part of the series finale of Desperate Housewives. So pissed.
I'd like to promote National Don't Use Your Stupid Cell Phone In A Store Day. Week. Month. Year.
I don't like Mandie. Yes I'm actually jealous. But everyone is saying she was really rude,& SHE asked them to pick her... wtf. js my opinion
This concludes a day of #uwethics... apologies for blowing up all your Twitter feeds, I hope you found some of it slightly interesting!
Wicked excited to go see the A Day in Pompeii exhibit at the today!
R.I.P. Lee Roy Selmon
what you on tonite
that just blew my mind
Lyman and Fiona work to discover the family history of the bird in #ABirdoftheAir. Have you ever explored your #genealogy ?
Carrier is 6'3" 240 pounds & ran a 4.49 40-yard dash, 40-inch vertical jump & did a three-cone run in 6.69 seconds, which is off the charts.
It's been a hell of a night, what a beautiful life.
where are you in Phoenix .hope your having a great time here .
HEY!!!!!! I change my name from XxHockeyChick19 to this :) iLoveDJMalik1D
awh that sucks girl!! Haha and you've never been here. It sucks.
Wad up big cuz. And s/o to the Mavs!
wow you have over 1000 followers already. Congrats you deserve it cuz you're sweet :)
Im taking no prisoners!!! Im claiming today is going to be good!!
Make sure y'all tune in!! RT : "Off in This" by VIDEO airing on MTV2 TOMORROW est..RT..RT
Aaron Rogers for Governor!
Interisland power cable bill clears Hawaii Senate
I always wait till I have nothing...I mean NOTHING left to eat...then I go to the store!
such a mayday parade mood
nothing can be more delicious than those chocolate Jesus Fishes
Spring Break!!! The studio will be closed March 16th - March 24th. Classes will resume March 25th. Have a fun and relaxing break everyone!!!
7 top 25 teams still on the schedule. 4 of which are in the top 10. More than any other team in the country.
i am the queen of making quentin uncomfortable.
well I go to QC lmao and no it was an accident ... So critical
#FF thanks for the follow back Mestre!
#RN20 "fallen eagles live forever, soaring above us and in our hearts"
i see the roses in their cheeks and i know the message is received
If we want people to speak to us honestly, we must take responsibility to honestly listen.
Just tapped, Brewing Total Domination IPA (replaces IPA)
What's going on my y'all. I'm bout to rise and grind, whats have y'all been up to.
exciting, will kathy griffin be involved? that would be great
where is that from? At first glance it looks like it has too much cocoa...so it's probably not even worth it
you're so cute <3
You just gonna serenade me on Twitter like that? That could be interpreted as political stance in itself, haha.
That's awesome! That deserves a winning too.
Sex and the City II, The Biggest night in Portland, Come celebrate it with US tonight at Society NightClub. ,
ok no problem
Today's going to be such a busy day !
R.I.P Spring Break . Free my nigga Summer ,He'll be out in June
soo this guy... we never really talk anymore, and i kinda miss talking to him(:
I love so much <3
And they want to put a THIRD team in this market?
came into the dept this morning and effing barbara johnstone is giving a talk in our conference room!!! we need better interdept commcns
.247 2nd half, true, but the slash marks weren't much different from those in 1st half. .277 in Aug. 1 It's 1 month.
Everyone I use to talk to on here doesn't talk to me
Thanks bud u too RT : Happy Friday everyone! Enjoy!! xx
Thanks for following!!
This is a dance for all the lovers, taking a chance with one another.
Got dressed in a daze and just saw I chose all grey. Hmm what does that say about my mood?
#TUFLive is horrible. Great fights but horrible format. So much awkward silence.
You are welcome.
From Chong to Kumar—Stoner Cinema Throughout the Years
was just gonna tweet that too. You know it's good when d rose and noah can't crack the lineup
does Hamilton come back next year with the #Bulls?
You don't follow in anyone's footsteps. You make your own path.
Do the kids need to burn off a little energy on a rainy day? Chick-fil-A at Arden Fair has an Indoor Playground!
No jobs today. Well, except Pearson. But they're always hiring. So is Software Advice and some romance publisher in south Austin.
I'd probably be reading if my book wasn't all the way downstairs. 📖
Let's go #caps! Then the Avengers... AGAIN!
What's going on tonight
Excited for my first audition of 2012 today.
yup I love it lol
I guess *have to* was the wrong term. Since they updated yesterday to include mobile info, seems like this would also=update.
people were ATL at the A3cfestial.com real hiphop
&#39;Avengers&#39;: Joss Whedon fills the screen with heroes and humor
Anyone have an extra wristband for tonight's client appreciation party? #BBworld11 thanks!
I am so excited, you have no idea!
Sounds like a great Rockabilly Chili day for WMSE!
It always feels good being back home :)
Hey Nathan; Congratulations on all your personal & professional accomplishments & Achievements! looking good buddy; HNY 2012 DD
my dad :) ha just playing, its lebanese, if that's what you're asking
Green Day
Keep it in your pants
Just got asked on the phone, "Do you often get told you sound exactly like k.d. lang?"What a lovely compliment!
The theme of the night is anime and rap.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset People playing with my emotions..
haha awesome. That was definitely us! Yea were always doing rad stuff. Glad it all worked out 😊
let's you catch me okay I should go and have a look sometime :) we there yet
for a guy his size, that blog title could mean lot's of things...lol
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear we need to talk.
Thanks for reaching out. Follow me back and I'll DM you my contact info.
😂lmao chillout I look good as always mane (Harold voice)
if you want to lose weight you have to get the myfitnesspal app its a lifesaver, have lost about 25-30 lbs from it
I thought about a certain follower all day today. I really miss them.
gah, the new mileage plus program has downgraded membership benefits.
Landed in Buenos Aires! Unfortunately my luggage did not.
What rooftop bar is delightful tonight? We're in River North and hosting colleagues.
Wish I could fast forward my time here at work.
All day long do it like Tony, fuck her friend then I pass her to the big homie back to it
And , I'm tired of being all alone . And the solitary moment makes me want to come back home ..
Looking forward to getting back home and attending the Lincoln Day Dinner in Floyd County.
heh, you win.
Everybody going out of town this weekend >>>>> house to my self
Good afternoon everyone!! So what's everyones thoughts on the lockout! Do u think there will be a season??
I just ignore 2 calls
Allstar game is the real dunk contest!
Not true": If u gotta go to #SUMMERSCHOOL this 2012 SUMMER you gone b missing out n u DUMB AF"
If the team moves forward together, than success takes care of itself. strong arm steady fam.
Design is an increasingly fundamental tool to make cities more competitive, attractive, liveable and efficient. How about for #Reno?
did the analysis once, concluded large swathes of SF & most of downtown would be fully covered if Starbucks had full power APs
Plans are nothing great, planning is everything. #WhyAreYou going to ignore planing?
damn, I'm proud of my rebuttal defending country music. maybe thats why I wanna move to Nashville &work around it
im lovin your new 'where have you been' track.
and a hole in the bag so he can sing to me, that's it.
Just 1 week left - get a FREE raffle ticket when you buy your 3rd Annual Bachelor/ette Auction "Flashes of Hope" ticket before May 1st!
I do not want to be taught how to Dougie
Countdown! Les than 500 followers till Miss reach the 16MillionBritneyArmy #Teambritney RT
If you're not watching #SNL you're missing a great show right now
Unreal. But it seems a lot of people are doing it. I'm modest - so I probably wouldn't be a good one to ask. :)
That's the #RedSox I know!
You make it like this. Press the shift button and the ; key, then the shift button and the 9 key.
Sheriff Joe must go - kicks off his campaign this weekend. Message me for details!
The Food Court was just brutal!
did the NFL finalize a deal yet? Lots of time b4 NBA needs to make a deal
Is it possible that Tim Tebow has encouraged more healthy discussion of faith than many radicals and evangelicals?
solid! key to endurance for last 4 miles.. coupled with long runs and proper medium miles and you'll be there! good luck
I hate when I forget to fast-forward the commercials while watching TiVoed shows.
Yes Obama is still my guy. But can't ignore how often he looks like a Republican dream come true: Immigration, Education & Foreign Policy.
yes, agreed. I like her much better for you. You have my blessing and approval, lol.
In Brooklyn today working at Sovereign Motor Cars Ltd. Working with beautiful Mercedes Benz all day! Thanks
Finally getting the team on board with social media... great for team approach to multiple outlets. What does your team use?
Spending the day working on making myself a better person!
I am game for a cocktail this week. Game Like fame!
So why does Hamas use Civilians as human shields?
Just too many unemployed people out here for folks to not want to do their best at their jobs. No matter how minute the task.
I read your blog "In a Sense Lost" Excellent advice for all artists. Will write about it on FAR Blog! Great piece.
I am in a strip club.. Not sure how I feel about that..
. Note: is an early adopter of so we are especially excited about their achievements!
who wants to see The Kildares with me? Anyone?
I get is cracking like a bad back
Sometimes you have to give up on your wish for the best and success in live!!!
Thanks for the RT! Glad you liked the blog post!
"Sometimes good is not enough."
I am detecting a lot of wind from Apopka, Deltona to New Smyrna Beach...any reports?
Happy birthday! <3
How was everything on Saturday? Did you have a great NYE?
got some front row balcony spots for in Madison w/ & mr fillmore!!! yeeeeeewhooo!
Who's here?
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one
oh cool, thanks.
BY the way - had a great time chatting it up with the election inspectors & volunteers at those Greece polling places...
yeah but not for a few weeks.
#hypercondria is a real condition my friend.
Upper traps are so flipping hard to ice! Someone come section my grapefruit for me and snuggle!
Thought we had skool today
NOW "Honky Tonk Life" VACANTHOUSEBAND Canton,GA
I'm learning too
When she dance I throw her dollas
Only an apple fish can make apple caviar.
Can you get a Coors Light on the Southside?
congrats on your video premier on 106 and Park tomorrow!!! Dude I'm still ready got that tour my bags are packed !!
more shows/dates: July 2nd in Chicago, July 16th in Ottawa Ontario Canada, July 19th in Omaha, NE, July 23rd in Chicago
#ConfessionTime I don't get drunk or smoke.
kid kid kid, go to church tomorrow
Have a great time at dinner!
like your new picture.
I must have been In my titanium-lined pedicurium, having my feet re-skinned. Very spotty wifi there.
Pizza salad at #masa, so good
#aaasmtg Nancy Baron says content is key. Passion matters, too, says Cornelia Dean.
You won’t build skyscraper without blueprint. Your life dream is no different.
That shit you tryna do I did it yesterday ...
Great meeting you as well! CC:
We do too! RT : You bet! I love farmers market season.
Ohh you're acting like obama is a hero, pleas continue to tell me how well our employment and tax rates are
Ready for some #pucks and some #beer!
I wonder if Florence + The Machine ever have to call Mike + The Mechanics.
Do me a favor...Save that shit..Bitch!!!!!
Excellent selection with Quatermass and the Pit!!
Definitely looking forward to this Cook Out wit the team
gonna rock my shirt tomorrow!
#incaseyoudidntknow there is not a damn thing to watch on T.V right now
pshh in your dreams(;
dont worry this time tomorrow #ssod will be raping hitler and his anschluss on the final.
All I want is your Respect
I'm thinking about getting it. Is there a creator mode or is it only survival?
Alberta Darling looking forward to defeating etc. whatever. From home, right? Not from Madison.
lololol! That's adorable. Thanks! :D
awee, my BESTFRIEND was and still is so CUTE :D love ya <333
What is the difference between a pit bull and a hockey mom? A pitbull tastes delicious. -
One of my supervisors resembles an oxicottoned mary kate or ashley....
Dear Elisabet. I just read your 2002 article on Jane Roberts/ Seth. Brilliant. It's an honor to follow you
i remember following some people then i have to re foollow them. tf twitter cmon
At CYFS breakfast, Dahlia Lithwick is entertaining us with Supreme Court talk. Awesome crowd supporting a great organization.
I am now humming The Partridge Family. And I second the Friday shout out!
It's people nit-picking about line changes and small crap like that.
hey sorry I forgot my twitter name on there my email is
YOU DO LIKE LOUIS.
Am I the only one that twoops??
Planet Tennis : has been doing all kinds of cool things w/video & the muse.Inspiration to get daily tracks going again.
Is it really Thursday already?? These short weeks throw me off! Work hard today!
you'd think People love Jesus as much as they Loved #Joe P? # no. #NCAA The real All Time Wins Coach is #Eddie Robinson #PSU did it 4self.
I sleep in your t-shirt, wake up in your t-shirt, still smell the scent of your cologne...
Nice pic! TY for your hard work! RT A few of my PDXBobcats helping restore a creek this past Sat.
“: great seeing you tonight!!! Here's to the next one!! Woo too!!” Agreed!
After a short down period we have Roadshow up and running. We also fixed the drop target on T2 so now lock the ball every time.
Whenever someone says "oh my god" slowly I just have to say "becky look at her butt"
Who the hell still uses fax machines???
Celebrity nude shots are becoming more and more common. I think they are having a competition.
Just Checked out the Visa page. They have a live Chat with Phelps tomorrow but don't tag him in post. NBD it's not like he has over 5M fans
Wearing my Lakers shirt to school fwm Nuggets fans.
for my birthday I want to follow me but it will never happen ;c
The temps this week are gonna be awesome! It's gonna feel like this past January!
First time on a carpetless Metro. I dont know how to feel...
“: RT:Asians on Charlie Angels-pic Dynasty in reline also--> thanks miss. As always ;)
Owl City >
Lls You Stupid!
Heat player takes that foul its a flop.
Wow this GRUB place is freaking poppin
Want to party at Mirage FREE Tonight Text NFL to 804.245.9688
Like, Wade, Bron, (and sometimes Kobe) ooze sexiness. TD not so much. He looks like a gas attendant.
RT U should give a campaign blossom to the CV Chamber for seeing thru anti-worker rhetoric & voting to endorse no on G
Pretty cruel for someone who lives in a shack in the mountains.
To get rich never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth. -Richard Baker
Missing my other half...
Hi Cindy :-) What do you see in the 2012 New York Mets?
Now That'sa fat ass cat
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
thank u. *YAWN* Okay time to go beddy bye!
Listening to track data flows
💘🌟✨Austin means the world to me✨🌟💘
What kind of feed do you mean? Like one we host or simply just one we use/subscribe to?
I get out of work between 5-5:30 so I can make that- however M works in Waconia so you might have to meet him another night.
Good question. Grab one end and spin it around your head like a helicopter until the debris is all out, oh & don't rinse it!
Your communication strategy is not a commodity, the same way your #brand is not a commodity.
got it in today. damn tired. alot of store cleanup, need to get on learning to repair monitors, can be dangerous CURRENT SON >_<
My hairs getting longish!
Had a 7th grader in my 5:30 am spin class this morning! Love to see kids being so dedicated to work out while their young!
We've got a great Sunday Facebook fan & Twitter follower special lined up tomorrow. Show us you are a fan/follower on your phone to collect!
planted my first round of kiwi seeds and ginger roots; tickled that I'm getting new plants from the produce aisle.
Ah thanks you! I wanted to mention it in an upcoming session with education students
Music to be creative by - we set up Radio KTD on Pandora. Check out our favorite tunes. Thank you rockstar intern Victoria.
": Our Council President is pretty awesome. #trueleadership #truereform #classact cc: " He certainly is (as are you).
There`s no crown for the fisherman who caught you.
sorge texted me.. if could let Hajdin know too that would be great
Food babies make me a less lonely single puppy momma.
you've got that one thing..♥
lol melo looked like he was gonna knock him out. and is it just me or is lebrons hair line receeding for real
reminds me of nyc pod hotel
#LitQuote: "Years that are gone seem like dreams… perhaps it is better to wake up... than to remain a dupe to illusions all one's life."
OK. I just believe the whole reaction in NY has been typical NY.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one for a shoutout please
saw your latest FB pic w the 4 Bettys. Awesome!!! We should collaborate? You can be the official Vodka of
Had a fun weekend, life is moving fast and its not a bad thing
Got my hair did - pics coming soon!
me to! I'm serious, it's a must.
>>>> thats what somebody wrote on my desk
Work was ruff, but tanning was relaxing
did you receive the most recent email?
Seriously this is the sickest I've been all year. $4 in the bank. HUGE final due tomorrow. Must move this weekend. Crying.
Come to the show tonight! It will be fun. XO
I LOVE fearless people.
We won a little bit the last two nights using Ken Silver's system for Cash Five and Lotto Texas. I adapted a 6/54 system for a 5/37 game.
A: I like to think of all of our employees as patient advocates. -Peter Bernard
I cant wait until July 3rd !!!
Today is my 16th birthday and I wish would notice me for once <3
here's to the kalin and myles fans who wanna be in their new video.
What's the big deal about same sex marriage? It's LOVE, ain't it? Let them live
hey sam
????.????? #GiveMeaBreak Ima Woman Scorn So U Say Love Me..But I'm Like F?ck Love...
Winding down from a nice day working outside and playing with the kids. Beaut of a day in Seattle.
Its not "the regime" stop blaming #Assad & look at #NATO countries insurgents. not rocket science.
Post link if it is public
You can't win this battle cuz I'm supa hot boy, sweatin in the shade cuz I'm supa hot boy!!
up close and personal is both fav and least fav. Penned by joan didion...could have done w out bob redford tho
if any of you bully madison i swear you'll die tonight
Today in 1863 President Lincoln proclaimed November 26 as a national #Thanksgiving Day, to be celebrated annually at the end of the month.
Unravel the mysteries of the APA citation style - today, 4PM in LTB 2153
i think i know the answer to this already but can anyone PLEASE take me up to see lost in kostko at the roxy on june 1st? you'll have fun!
I hate when I'm laughing & my ass falls off.
Good vibes sent. “ At the ER with my mother. Send us some good vibes.”
just spent the past four days exploring the city of Vancouver BC, and will spend the next week on Vancouver Island and Salt Spring Island.
I think I need to go to a Packers game with a sign that says "Marry me B.J.?" =)
Thx for following!
At the First Annual Charity Polo Classic, watching out for the steaming divits. Great match!
Heading to Hong Kong and China for two weeks. An adventure to be sure！
“ “ No words can fully describe all the feelings i have for you.””
I can tell you're excited for Heat Pacers
“Tourists don’t know where they’ve been, travelers don’t know where they’re going.” – Paul Theroux
Can you honestly say you're happy with the person you see in the mirror ?
“: When I see your face I think... "Man, I need to give your parents some condoms so THAT doesn't happen again."” mirror?
#IwantSomebody that will love me forever no matter what I do wrong
I'm being reinstated as the official kids class instructor at work today, which means... a double shift! Gotta love weekends in retail.
Having to hide this from your best friends...
Vicky, what's yours?
Ready to relax
RT : We are so looking forward to it! See you at 11:30pm, Room# 1721!
The Stickers new record has been completed. Watch for a late spring release date!
I feel disconnected from the world without an instagram
haha, okay. You had me at acting classes.
Running errands
Red Rattles drop their new album 'City Dogs' tonight at the with Nashville's and Firetrucks! 9PM!
first day on twitter.. lets see wht the fuss about..
We put a gorilla on our front lawn to celebrate National Library Week.
- you ready for some shots tonight? I have a bottle of patron waiting for you tonight my friend! -
#Steampunk, what I understand, is what our world would basically look like if the steam engine was king. That's the short answer.
Yup. In a bar of Caps fans who said the last goal was cheap. I yelled out "shut up!!" (silently)
Lol okay I'll start practicing my one-liners and monotone now.
Happy Mothers Day Mom<3 I love you more than than anything!! You're always there when I need you, & I couldn't ask for anyone better.
thanks Jim! I hope you have a great weekend!
Any of my Milwaukee friends golfers? Looking to get out for a few rounds or join a league. Might be too late for leagues.
The second guy on your right seems particularly wide-eyed as he adjusts his glasses. "How did he MISS that?"
Grape soda. So delish.
Good MORNING WORLD! Time for me to catch up on national headlines!!! ♥ What are you doing today???!!
I ran out of juice. Crying.
My salt shaker looks like a Dalek!
easter is when you are supposed to spend time with family... if you have one. laying in bed all day
thank you, love you too <3
When my momma makes me some good pasta, with garlic bread :}♥ yumm
swimming would be so righteous right about now!
i tell her my dick cant breath so she give me CPR
Thanks, Dave. I can't get through at all.
Does he need to be? Plenty of dead weight to ditch.
The more you read the Bible the more you will love the author
breaking: youngest MN'n w/answering machine RT Rep says, "My answering machine is full of pro-stadium voice messages"
To what time?
Events DC should be ashamed of themselves for the condition of the pitch for the season opener.
Chris Gayle-5 sixes in an over? Thank GOODNESS Windies cricket moved on from such a poor excuse for a cricketer.
Chinese, Japanese, what are these? Christmas tree's
Francisco-Revilla: Mobile phones have already started to replace the personal computer
For all you job seekers out there...pay attention! Top Executive Recruiters Agree There Are Only Three True Job Interview Questions -...
So we're just straight wearing see-through or lace tops over bras now, Brooklyn? I'm...actually I'm fine with this and applaud your courage.
<3 When I feel weak and unpretty I know I'm beautiful and strong Because, I see myself like my mother does. <3
gonna wax my name to "Bariamis"
I'm with you. But I'd probably draw the line between "would you like to table your cards?" and "oh, here's what you're holding."
Twitter Twitter Twitter...What to tweet...
Aww my ♥ isn't working! Neither is my Alt+3 to create the heart symbol! Any Mac people have any suggestions?! ;-)
So pumped to be going to the home opener today!
RT : #Taurus just as you are loyal and dependable, you are very possessive & jealous if your emotional security is threatened.
That happens some times :)
yeah I know but it's hard Dime :/
You"ll end up dating him :b
We won the gold medal! Yee haw!
The dreaded musical number.
You're welcome
UF Provost's office offers seed funding/release time to create open textbooks!
Ever notice how gentleman keep their vehicles spotless while others...don't?
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at..
Let it be written, so let it be done. Garbage plates in the good ol' #ROC with this June is totally on!
Pink floyd turned up in the rental. Might blow the speakers!
People These Days,
I don't care hoe
AWE thats sweet
well played, mr. parkview.
thanks for the RT. is receiving $750K to expand healthcare for #homeless and uninsured in
RT : We wish you could have been here for the Dalai Lama, amazing peace philosophy in action
Do kids toys become adult toys once you stick them up your butt?
3 at the buzzer. Down only 4 points.
:) RT : Nba is back? Great news today. I'm so happy for all our fans and all the people who work in and around the arenas. Go mavs
Hello Jody, from Washington, DC. Home of Barack, Michelle, Malia and Sasha! You're number 1.
A4: I do have mentors and I have met all of them online through social media - some amazing women!
can i be your date to this dance?;) hehe love you .
any word why no Braun? Rest? Hurt? Feelings hurt by the boo's? Frostbite from last night?
