Run Women Run endorsement meeting. Interesting stories from tonight. Oh, San Diego.
I miss , we used to talk like everyday, we probably talked once this whole school year :/
excited i just posted a new recording of winney's weight!
Yes, it is turning into a kind of gridiron. But a couple very interesting questions (Pedinotti, Paik).
Super Bowl! (with Jason, Rachel, and 2 others)
I feel so close to you right now <3
- we checked the links and everything seems to be working properly.
Thanks for picking up boxes! Any specific numbers you want?
I need my PIC back this year! Please tell me you'll be making an appearance??
April Got Genealogy Gazette will be out in two days. Topic: GenealogyBank (my new favorite Web site). Stay tuned.
they converted to HD before the season ended. It was pretty big news.
Don't believe in talking about your work. Let it talk for itself. I'd rather make money than just converse about my business.
Macmillan reservoir site? Henderson Make the plan relevant to the community. Day needs more planning.
Miami Game
She was everywhere.
UGH. I absolutely hate waiting for so loong and then the ticket people saying the tickets are sold out! #annoyed . This is gay -.-
my mom is annoying! She thinks that every guy Im friends with Im going out with them But she never bothers me about my two other guy friends
Spontaneous dinner at one of my favorites tonight. Yayay! Perfect end to a GREAT week with family and friends!
Thank you coffee!
If I called the radio station and they picked up I wouldn't know what to say.. I would just sound like an idiot.
yes but wat time u think tho?
now that facebook has made their crappy interface even crappier, maybe its time for me to give twitter a try
Car shoppin with my pops =).... not looking forward to these 7 hour drives from here to tally that I'm gunna hav to start doing though
Tickle me Happy Friday TweetHearts!
making a scene.
#FountainSquare is already rocking! Are YOU going to ? You should be.
Habakkuk Lesson: Keep pressing into GOD; with an expectant heart;
It's been out for two years but the strings on Joanna Newsom's "In California" still make me tear up
happy birthday lady!!!
Austin heart will always stay in texas.But he is doing this all of US and to make US happy. Be happy for him becuase its the right thing.
Haha, no way man, you rock! Seriously, you're like the #HarrisonFord of !
lmfao im so sorry I love you
btr lost, but at least they will know that we put up a fight for them to win. we tried & in my eyes they are still the best band EVER!
So we're walking around Walmart and I'm like so tired suddenly I saw a pic of 1D on a magazine and became fully awake hahaha
Late presents are awesome :) I got the prettiest ring and necklace
thanks Mercedes! Have a great week!
"Has his unfailing love vanished forever? Has his promise failed for all time? Has God forgotten to be merciful?" -Psalm 77:8,9
you already know what time it is Ronald
Let's take God at his word and believe that nothing can harm you or stop you from accomplishing all that God has placed in your heart to do.
i hate when people say all poor/homeless people are that way because they chose to be. for some that may be the case but not all.
Tomorrow should work for me. Want to go to the Jade Monkey?
yo what's good?
I still prefer to give him to Ethan, lol.
We ( ) watched the 1st 3 episodes & were dying laughing. Scary how you remind us of ourselves sometimes.
I love the way she loves me =)
A battle between and Chuck Norris. Who would win?
Good morning. It's raining. Wish I could have stayed home in bed.
"This place has history."
how wonderful to recognize Don in this way!
Cool, see you there!
is tweeting like crazy today!
RT": Good morning Internet! We're talking about garbage (human produced) today. (Not Garbage, Shirley Manson produced.)"
Nope, the Troll bridge is one of those iron ones. Ya know, like a railroad bridge. But It's pretty small, one lane, wood deck.
Watching MMA. Two chicks fighting to Evanescence. It's awful. They deserve better music than this bullshit. Give those bitches their due.
haha of course not!
hopefully follows me she is so very beautiful and talented :)
ok so I have tickets now. so the hashtag is changing
School tomorrow:P
Angels release former Phillies OF Bobby Abreu
IP Cameras allow you to make sure your recorded video is safe by storing it at a location that only you can access.
RT Capricorn is not one to have affairs
you should look up his walk-off grand slam last night. ha ha ha.
We don't know when or where we are moving, but we will keep everyone as updated as possible! Thank you!
glad to see someone hates as much as I do.
Apparently Mike Breen believes the #Clippers shooting 28% from the field was a good quarter.
;*they say that the world was built for 2 so its not worth living unless someones loving u
Sticks & stones may break my bones, but karma is a bitch, so you can rot in hell
RT : A3 A separate track for questions / moderation is a great idea. moderator better control over the convo flow.
what is link to live stream?
well your cute too :-)
Just getting back to #Madison and looking for something to do? We're open so look to further!
Welcome...hope you can attend.
Already got my Barney/Robin. Now all I need is to find out who Ted's wife is, and my life will be complete xD
david spade must have a huge 3rd leg
Built almost all the cool stuff with the triple combos. Still have one hurdle to go there.... The combo of three mansions. ;)
"Is the coathanger what god would want for his beloved daughter?"-Cathy Levy, Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice
your makeup is immaculate, but you got an extra comma on your tagline
"Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently"
kiss me until your drunk
i honestly dont know if the Lakers can beat OKC 4 times.. but im with em.. come on OKC.
RT One month
Thanks! We're quite excited. RT Yeah so excited for the #Seahawks partnership!!! Go Seahawks!!!
Is it strange that I wanna yum up on some oatmeal at 1am?!
I didn't hate it, tho I think Roger has been played for comic relief too much this season
2:45 am and I'm still up and i have school at 9 ..
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now ... I�m marrying my dreams
Oh yeah! Blade Runner's a good one too.
Sure I felt salty about the ruthless teasing, the headless barbies, &made revengeful fountain wishes at age 7, but I <3 my sibs.
... and I have the haiku books to prove it.
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN <3
lol you dot have to worry about me anytime soon.
#thecabininthewoods was legit. Not what I expected. Thumbs up.
This robot is trained to smash your camera!
#KappaSplash coming May 7th. You can't get on the boat with a presale ticket!!! Make sure you hit up the for a ticket ASAP.
I want to watch a movie.
Share your shining soul with others: Smile!
If Anchorman 2 wasn't enough, now they're making Dumb and Dumber 2!
That is EXACTLY my cousin's fb status right now. ahhaha Hope u r well <3
NO Guys it's fine...Give me 20 battle to reasurch and you guys get like 5. No it's cool...I have like no time a even breath.
RT : BREAKING: Campaign officials: Jon Huntsman to withdraw from race for Republican presidential nomination
RT Jason Kilar at allthingsD: Hulu still needs to exist because they give customers what they want, when they want
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
I wish #OKCupid had better search functions that allowed you to search by how people answered Q, what race they want, hair color, etc.
Congratulations to all Packers Fans and the entire Packers organization for a great and well deserved Lombardi trophy, great SB 45...
I am not sure what type that is. What color paint?
Friendos- is the twitter page for Blue Sky Carnival Band, a group I'm very involved in :) Show today!
:c just got home. party tonight.. c:
Only reason I'm going for the heats is because my bestfriend Ralph love them. Lol
The comfort Inn in North Platte, Neb has a Romance Package? There are more romantic grain elevators.
Just think of it this way: They are keeping you from getting diarrhea sooner.
Seattle Mayor McGwinn: "I share the values and the message of the Occupy Wall Street movement." He should probably camp out.
thx for the shout out!
LOL..Rep Brooks may need a new chip. The Cindy McCain model is defective too. I'm sure they are on the recall list... :-)
To blog or not to blog. That is the question.
Outstanding! Congratulations to you and your family!
S/O TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS RT RT
To clarify, the survivalist character in Terrorvision espouses the eating of lizards tails as a renewable resource since they grow back.
It's exciting to see our webseries get hits with less and less effort on our parts.
I'm using OnKeyUp in a text widget to set focus on the next text field widget. Works on full web, but no cursor on focus in mobile.
Good morning :-)
#milwaukee We just repriced out extension cords at a very competitive price. Sign up your business with an account and save even more!
followed you :)
How was the weekend? Did you get enough sleep?
Let's go crew!!
Same! It seems to be the start of a trend. Marvel/Disney didn't really start promoting #Avengers til mid March/early April.
Just found 's twitter..
Finished shooting a music video in Arizona yesterday! Can't wait to start working on it, looks so good but now time for the drive back to LA
YAY >>RT : thanks for all your help today. Kids should be very happy on Christmas morning!
thanks for coming in!
Killing ourselves with a knife and fork
so ready for prom tomorrow #prom2012 :)
Action research-Life changing experience w/CTU doctoral group's Nicaragua trip w/World Affairs Council. Win win win!
he's awesome!!!
it's never that easy.
I figured u would.. Bitch
seriously why am I so lame
nuggets plus points
Me 'n can see about the Wordpress needs. www.rkostin.com
Let's get physical, physical. Let me see your body move.
Valentines day isn't about getting gifts an eating candy it's about spending time with the one you love and care about forever <3
It's all good doe c;
Follow Me Please!? 37
Critiques with art students is a little like herding cats.
Word is that we'll see timetables today. I'm excited to start planning my new commute.
Glad you enjoyed it!
My last tweet was to
I hate androids
Sick of spending $$ on your #car? We save you #money on your auto expenses through
Christmas lights start house fire - Fraser Coast Chronicle Christmas lights start house fire Fraser Coast Chronicle It took about 15 minu
HA! Love it.
Actual quote by : "I love dangling modifiers!"
I just love TRS so much and I never talk about it anymore but I just still really love Jordan okay
Followed by "Stand Out" from A Goofy Movie, my on and off favorite movie.
Savoy come thru
Lmao y'all remember that lil Chinese girl from the end of rush hour saying "push the button" ?! Lmfao.
Good luck.
A day of tree surgery on a friends beach tree has left me aching all over but happy. Body much older than mind!!
Not a bad idea to check this out Orlando! goo.gl/Tr7v2
The rain has stopped... Game time... In 4.5 hours...
“: - the and I are getting together this Sat. I'm sure your ears will be burning. Or is it ringing?" -not bleeding!
how tall is Greg Dickerson? he looks just a couple of inches smaller than Bass, is Bass really 6"5?
good. I hope they try to put him in a backpack and drop him off the roof.
Ah #Facebook is frustrating me. My account is suspended?????? WTFFFFFFFF
Will you ever say hi to me? (:
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow Im Hella Chill Most Days..
We just shipped a package to a place in Alaska-north of the Arctic Circle. Wisconsin Badgers fans are everywhere!
your show makes me smarter, thank you! Funny cause I feel dumber watching fox news.
Albino people (or animals) + glitter = instant Twilight vamp sexy.
Wish I knew what I know now
": Cuddling in bed & falling asleep is probably the best feeling in a relationship." Agreed :) gotta love cuddling!!
San Diego Friends, Happy Hour at ElToritos MiraMesa this Thurs at 5:30pm if you want to swing by. If you need to text/call me: 858-922-2468
oh my god no, you're a rapper now? -__-
I need more #CeNation Followers
Good morning..i just wake up enjoying my day off from work i got fooball pactice tonight..
Ok..I see why the #Hornets really wanted Bledsoe...
Had a great time last night at Milwaukee Art Museum's 'Food and Froth' Event.
Just imagining what that could mean makes me a little nervous for teacher-you.
Our guest piercer Jill only has another day :( so come on in and say hello! She would love to pierce you!
Cool, were not in any classes together though :( IT SUCKS!
Mute the TV and listen to the radio feed. Hell, listen to Nickelback and it's an improvement over Hayward.
you just made me spit up.
“: Probability of offense coming back from 2 run deficit in last 7 inn: .0000000000000001” happy to be wrong on that one.
": Need some motivation for this paper.." you can do it Austin, it'll be great, you can do anything you put your mind to!
RT : Salute to my comrades & many more who are making art live in this...
is contemplating some serious mentoring. Mucho $$$ but the direction I want. Hm...
Bring it on. How about dinner on the 23rd?
Heading out to the mid Missouri portion of Route 66 for some final shots for the project!
move out already.
Getting some Vitamin D with my girl
Come follow me...
Dear urban planners from 50 years ago, Thanks for nothing. Sincerely, Aaron
Of Course! We had a great time as usual :-)
RT : #telco2 > > "the huge inefficiencies of advertising are still hidden"
Exciting news: Jackie will be speaking at #CPAC 2012 this Saturday at 3:30PM. Come and listen or tune into C-SPAN to catch all the action!!
It looks like this is going to be a Blue Monday
yep, I'm still going. Khanh too.
You got great gifts on music!
BREAKING: MJ Doc Conrad Murray sentenced to four years in prison.
Think I'm going to use storybird for my student's "children's" book project.
ahahahahh that's right
": 1st Job I had fresh out of High School was @ CoSi . I was a Barista!!"Ahahaha yayyy Cosi
amen girl!
ugh ... dog farts are the worst
Nice sentiment but a lot of people still can't afford the food.
me too !
anytime... tweeting from my dual personalities today before i fly to FLA!
LOVE THE STORY!
Give us a shout out on your page and will do the same!
Via CNN: New French President François Hollande's plane hit by lightning on Germany trip, CNN affiliate BFM-TV says. No injuries.
was the BEST CONCERT EVER!!! #Come on, Come on...Get Your Goodtime On!
im sure the frey have no idea why they r singing this or why they r even their
Being biased is one thing but making claims about things you know nothing about is a completely different issue.
Does anyone here know who Sean Sellers is/was?
you really are evil
Girls, you're all beautiful and gorgeous and flawless. Always remember that. When life is rough, keep your head held high.
would be great to hang out!
I feel really weird and its not a good weird.
Thanks Malcom! We try to bring some fun back to traveling. :) Don't miss the "Recombobulation Area" right after TSA checkpoint!
Today we're #thankfulfor planes that make holiday travel possible (and faster!).
Don't give a crap about anything anymore.
your a lucky man, and they are lucky to have you! Reciprocity is a blessing and a gift!
Thanks, Merle. Aloha!
don't let aubrey run the show, she's a loser for your task.
At This Time Of Night I Really! Wish I Had My Easy Bake Oven ...</3
Big thanks to everyone who came to the open house with today! Such a great turnout!
lol thanks ha ha ha
"It was a minuscule concern, really, which following an epic tome-like exaggeration resolved itself—as onto the head of a pin."
haha!!... Ilym and did u follow salim and justin as i told ya cuz they r my friends!!w i will tell ya who to follow later on
What restaurant is that from? looks delicious!
well, then we'll talk later; its sxn on pragmatism experiment/-ence closely describes P Grimstad's project imo. enjoy opera!
summer hairstyle..
I could but then i would have 2 kill u
Sign it's been a long day: just spent 10 minutes plugging 2 RCA cables into audio jacks + wondering why there was no video.
Back to the drawing board. Didn't want ya'll to think I drop out my music scene.
Bosh is becoming a man right in front of our eyes! Big moves!
This is a test, only a test: for those using Twitter's web interface, see how fast you can find Twitter's footer. Go!
Hit My Line, so I know it's real 😉
don't get me wrong here folks, I love me a well placed womp.
theres alot of padagonia on the train today ... they cant all be going on adventures , it makes me nervous
Golf: I just don't get the love for it. Probably 95% because I tried to learn and failed big time.
Hey blekko! please send me an invite for your private beta launch.
Plants Vs. Zombies!!♥play game
#WeirdThingsToSayDuringSex What's your name again?
I love bubble baths :)
Fuckkkkkk yeah baby portugal
he is!!!! That dude tossed a fridge around with ease. You got a cool dude there, miss Wik.
Hello from California!
Go ahead. Take her side again. Its obvious shes ur favorite.
Looking forward to seeing your tweets. Let us know if there is anything we can RT for you.
I hear ya! Thank you for sharing the info that backs this up. Massage does so much good, indeed. Will be following your blogs!
Uh-oh. I accidentally got a sunburn.
Grill officially--and successfully--tested! Yum!
Darlene Wink knows things. Dirty things. Dirty, secret things. Dirty, secret, incriminating things.
Love is like a two-way treat
Hey Followers, get access to all of the latest Conservation News by following ! Help WLCV protect WI's nat. resources
What would this world do w/o haters? Apparently they need trainers like you and I to get the results they're lacking!
Thank you both for staying with us & congrats! Hope to see you for a future anniversary vacation!
yesterday I was still in Pennsylvania for an early xmas w my bf's family. Now im stuck in Chicago..
#HowImGrand I'm simply me and don't care wat other people think of me cause wat really matters is wat I think of myself!
looking good. The Leawood Honda club is expanding. We need to organize a ride soon.
Jammin to 'On my Mind' by over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over !!
Gonna take my daily nap for today soon....
How's everyones week going so far? We've been busy with all the orders you all have been sending us, thanks!
hathi trust talk - looking at the tradeoffs between boosting/stemming and index size.
welcomes Sublime w/Rome, Cypress Hill, and Pepper at The LC outdoor stage on July 13th. Tixs $39.50 in advance. On sale 4/28.
Why wear 4 inch heels if you're gonna walk like you got fucked by a bulldozer last night
Eric Pio~ You are not an artistan artist creates. You do not write your own songs. End of debate.
I am writing all of this down and I'll run it past Saz in the am! ,get ready to put some miles on ur car!
No Sarge, Clayton Richard doesn't throw 97 mph
CM Punk RT : Yankees RT : joe girardi RT : So who do u think is the best point guard in NBA right now?
you're going to the oscars??!!
let's do work together!
thanks for listening to my chat today! Best of luck! If you are ever back at 550, say hello!
just took my ACT ._____. i dont think i did my very best. but oh well.. im taking it as practice for next year when i will actually try more
lmao shut up ..
Hey alex, do you understand what would happen if you noticed me. ASKLHGLGHJSDKLGH i'm just imagining it now. GLOBAL PARTY!
Cab rides are fun with and
You seem like the kinda girl who posts nude photos of herself on Reddit; in other words, you seem like the kinda girl I could love.
My Dinner of Andre
is it impossible for you too notice or follow me? I've been trying for soo long!:(
seriously fuck everyone.. the day i'm 18 you'll never see me again. fuck you.
What the hell? Friday it was nearly 70 degrees here in Denver and tuesday the forecast is -3 for a high!
Only 9:30 and already have gotten so much accomplished today. Excited for the rest of the week ahead :)
Everyone tries to shift blame to other people, typically when it's their fault.
i miss you too :) what're you doing Saturday?!
too much on my mind, cant get it straight. time for a 30min jolt of Shark Tank
YUP WE IN DEEP YUP WE IN THE STREETS IN THE STUDIO ENT..
Attention fellow tweeters - my library loving heart would soar if you took a moment and followed (It will be awesome!)
lost me phone. Yeah. Going to try to get a cheap new one today. Xo
2nd day ina row shooting catalog product in the studio.
-way true!haa!
Rediscovered an old gem!
Happy Monday - Make the most of it!
25+ bottles of soda, costco sized slim jims, pretzels and granola bars in my office. Yup, Hoya Saxa Weekend is here.
Don't make social media about the organization only -
just like me, dust off the carwashin muscles!
I know it is. Keep sharing the news. That is one way to fight back!
I second that motion!
Right? I was surprised a)how candid the students were; b)that the uni posted it. Some uplifting thoughts, some not so much
Hey, pitchers and catchers reported while I wasn't paying attention this week. Spring is almost here! #frivolousthings thatcheermeup
Janet and Noell are pogoing around to The Blue Rajas.
there was not one part Where i wasn't laughing
INT Willie McGinest! haha. Brandon Spikes!
just found out the microphone on my keyboard is speech to text. let the obsession commence
This is why I don't make friends with the males in my class I try helping them with school and they take it to next level
ahahaa Erica your so cute(:
What's Up ! Shady lovers. :)
when are you moving!?
#swing collaborative #Conversations in perfect pitch song. © dmp
TOUCHDOWN CANES!!!! Another laser strike to L. Hankerson from Harris. Great catch by Hank, his 3rd TD before half. Miami 27, Clemson 14
Claim your $150 discount voucher off you awesome summer adventure in the USA now! Small group fun for 18-40yr olds
I am excited to learn about Pinterest, starting now, with and Jessi Langsen
I'll hold you to it!
Iknow im not all that you want .
*high fives your forehead*
so adorable!
Congrats to the #USMNT Big win in a friendly vs. Italy.
Moving in today!
Will a night w/ the alien enthusiasts turn me n2 a believer? Won't b hard 2do.Small planet,big universe #Contact here I come
I do that every time I pitch against the #Athletics ... RT Congratulations on beating a Triple-A team, C.J. Wilson.
Few things on Twitter are funnier than Anthony DiComo's exclamation-point mockery of the Mets' official feed.
Free health screenings for AU faculty and staff in the East Quad Building today until 12:30. Very awesome!
If you want me to stop dancin' then keep me out of the end zone.
sounds good. Just let me know what you need. I will see what I can do.
playoff hockey starts today and there is an all episode of #ABDC ... now all I gotta do is make it through work.
thank you!
#ustream it is lil Deliliahs bday she 2! u met her in Salina! will u sing Hey There Deliliah & tell her happy bday PLEASE?
oh....well i could have quessed that
What about Sarah O
Osaka with the family <3
haha! her dad was just watching her and laughing. Like really? Some people should just not be parents.
Well said. “: I would not hire Rick Santorum to be the night manager at a DoubleTree.”
my bap ass.
BTI is wrong about pastner.... Cal tried to get, Tony Barber the Memphis job his ex-player at UMASS, coach at auburn...
Nope. All your fault.
I can't take one more sleepless night without you<3
So Pissed Right Now ! .
I guess this is goodbye.
Thank you for making returns so easy. So nice when things like that aren't a hassle!
Thanks for the info. Bookmarked to be read with morning coffee.
Sexually Frustrated.
NEW CAR YAYAYYAYAYAYAYYAAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY :)
YE Countdown To Greatness 12 DaYS LefT!
You know we love ya Diva Ø!
are you at the office? We'll be at the reception desk in 5min
Cozy,Yummy,And Friendly Like Eating In An Ideal CapeCodInn Amsterdam83St212.4960163
☼ Though ambition itself be a vice yet it is often times the cause of virtues. Quintilian
Just got an amazing and thrilling phone call! My excitement is barely containable. :D
oh nice! My cousins went tonight but couldn't find parking and had to go home
Gun to your head, are #datingwebsites A) Convenient or B) Creepy?
sorry baby it ran outta money LOL
RT : How much of a charity's funding should go to "administrative costs"? Better Business Bureau says 20% to 30% a benchmark
Captain Feathersword is an idiot. Yeah, I said it.
Miss my daddy.
Already there. You guys going to bust out Stephen Hawking?
I want a Margarita!
i work tomorrow and Thursday. im spending the whole day friday and saturday to do prom stuff .____. and im pretty sure i wont get HW done
Need the right Valentine's gift? How about a Massage Gift Certificate? Valentine Special $60-1hr massage ($100) value. call 305-335-3855
Sometimes I like to listen to piano while I'm typing on the keyboard. I have trouble keeping the tempo though.
Awee, those are adorable (: Mine is a Maltese .. && thanks for tweeting me ! #Follow ?
How come when #Romney says he's not worried about the poor or the rich- only about the middle class - it's not considered class warfare?
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3 B-)
was Fantasia “: Was that Vanessa Williams' voice in M&M spot?”
Im sorry im kinda tired and i have to wake up at 6 and its almost midnight but ill tlk to u tmrw.. k?
alright, i'm in you pusher
Thanks to all my followers finally hit 100 actually now at 101!!
Looking for jewelry designers interested in upcoming photo shoot! DM me for more information. -Merci
I got a case of the coughs
Hey Don! Thanks for the following. How's your day going?
Transportation is always an issue for our homeless teens. We have several clients that desperately need a bicycle - new or used.
thrust me, it will. Stay positive<3 :)
I AM GOING TO THROW THIS PHONE AGAINST THE WALL!
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you
ALL I CAN SAY IS LAST NIGHT WAS THT ISSHHHH & TONIGHT WILL BE PART 2 at the KEITH SWEAT CONCERT & after party @ BAR 11 & THE STUDIO!
Oh and here's something else I haven't said in a really long time #SweetNightmares See you tomorrow bye !*)
Oh hey yeah let's have a conversation on twitter because texting each other is too much work.
Is Peter psychic?
I'm back holler at me....
It never fails. Anytime someone calls me Bud who doesn't know that that, in fact, is my name... it always throws me off.
Nothing takes the stress off finals like a round of golf
Small claims court is a friend if you protect the interest of your
please RT my girl for her 21st Birthday! She is an enormous fan & loves You! Pretty please?? Thank u.<3
#FavoriteNBAMoments the day after the finals
im his big sister. i have to be responsible.
The difference from my generation and older generations is in the work. They would do anything to win a client and keep a client. PART
idk Reece's Pieces is underrated. It's closer than you think.
#ThatDepressingMoment when the guy you like talks to you about the girl he likes... which isn't you >.<
RT : RT : Heading to McKenzie Outfitters to help get geared up for his climb at Skinner Butte Columns.
Short answer: yes. Make sure you follow your own guidelines, and make sure it makes them want to read the next page.
Serving Jury duty. Anyone know a good, fast place to eat?
the sky might fall, but i'm not worried at al~
A7: Attending chats like this and being a part of several business groups. I love listening to motivational podcasts too!
I've strength tested her & found that if you drop her on tile that she looses a wolf ear & 1 foot @ the ankle ;)
I believe we have a nice inventory of dice containment units! It would be a pleasure to serve you.
Yep, that is to warm for my taste, love temps in the 70"s
Poised and ready to be J's stand in for the draft but turns out he can make it. Kinda sad I'm not on the call. cc
- At 5PM? BAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAH! :) Seriously though, good luck. :)
I'm not an idiot, so when I explain to you how my phone is broken...please don't send me away three times. This is LA, the mall is far.
Then you and I are in damned fine shape.
It's the over-praised, self-loathing types who become most bilious.
Spurs...meh. Needs more Derrick Byars.
Former #LAPD Chief William J. Bratton always used the term cop.
Governor and legislative leaders call presser to celebrate budget. They enter to weak applause from a smattering of members
There is a CRAZY Woman in this house!!! She packs her shit to leave at least twice a week. She stomps out only to return in a hour. GO!!!!!
New logo, new site design coming...
#Valentines Day In The #BigApple! It's A Beautiful Thing! Any Special Plans For You?
it's okay, I dm myself(;
The remarkable moment you realize you never considered changing your twitter profile pic.
RT : #SmallBizSummit on the Twitter 80/20 rule. 20% promotion; 80% tips, hints, engaging content, shout outs, etc...
what are the hours? i'll call :)
Im hungry !! but my moms not home , and im not down to go make something to eat ..
OMG! JUST DMed ME!!! :D YEE
I HATE ppl that kiss ass!!? That shit is pathetic and sad!! Like bitch u really wanna stay relevant to somebody that use u and don't like u!
Ugh i'm a mess
lloyd banks going off on this jackpot song
Always looking around but never looking up..
This kid is a joke.
If you would've put in as much effort as I did, you'd understand why I'm so hurt.
Good for you ! I'd like to see and others to follow suit. We all should fight this!
Linkin Park, "New Divide"...damn
hey Chloe its me mary. Please follow me back. :-)
awe ok then. When u decide to play all u gotta do is log in and explore to different city's.
Good morning! Tune in now to NBC6 to get your Tuesday going!
A foolish child is a calamity to a father; a quarrelsome wife is as annoying as constant dripping. (Proverbs 19:13 NLT)
How's the lil' fellaz' punching bag? Considering buying one. Need some stress-relief aides.
o lord srry bro. ok man hit me up on face time when u home cause i am getting of this bitch lol.
No phone still I'm actually on my laptop for once haha
you guys look hot! 😘
#toilet girl.. You mean the Sittin On Tha Toilet girl??
#seriously grow up. I want a MAN not a BOY. Call me when you
I hate them. Unless we can choose our groups... But these were assigned to us and I got the 2 worst partners. -_-
The new customer control panel is awesome and a much appreciated upgrade from their old control panel! Love it!
Yesterday was filled with so many lotto hopes. Today? Not so much.
thanks...I'm off for the day. has some compelling stuff tonight...
Destiny all kills mouz. Also, are you ever mad that IPL is overshadowed during stream time by other major SC2 streams?
Not going to lie. I cheered on the conf call when I heard was going to DJ Dell's NBMBAA VIP event.
Occupy Columbus Rally today. Geniuses picked a day when the banks, and probably government are shut down. Way to be heard.
i miss ...what a way to ruin a
Wishing the smartest high school girl I know good luck on her exams
Hope Yanks get the double play here!
nothing does mindless better than vampires or zombies. After listening to politicans lately...#TheWalking Dead is more lively.
Was kvetching about stinky lunchboxes today & a friend told me to use baking soda overnight to de-stink.
yes! Jamar and Juliet!! Amazing talent from both :)
Did u c any of the Tweets that I tried to reach out 2 u with early tips morning about FEATURE FILM BIDNES PROPOSAL
then ur set... You are going to cry at the end of smackdown. I read the spoiler
oh you know it!
Shame... Shame on your whole family...
Awesome! Can you DM me your email address? Then I can ask in more than 140 characters :)
RT : #ToMyFutureHusband I promise I will love you no matter how angry or frustrated you make me :)
Do you do the colored electrical tape on your mic and cable or does someone else?
you got hacked. You may want to reset your password. YOur account is spamming. Good music!
Take to work and win CA$H! We're giving away $100 every hr during the workday with #WorkplacePayoff Listen for your cue!
Thanks for the follow
Got our seats in the theater! Katie Miles is here! So excited and sad.
Hi, my loves I've missed you all, but I've been working on taking our music project to the next level and now you can buy Copper Rose music
read this online..."some people are like a slinky, they are only good at tumbling down the stairs" so true. Lol
a bus? Hope he's OK
Guuuuurl bye. :p
I was in that pool today too! shes so cute!
Do athiests believe in Karma?
No 4 on Friday the 13th? Seems like a pretty awesome day to me so far
I can't even keep my eyes open without them watering
you just lost most of your hearing, right? Been there done that
#FF ; thanks for the follows;
Independent, over-analytical, creative, fearless nutcase. Doesn't like most people, loves children and animals..
Hey #Wisconsin, don't forget to #vote today in the spring election! Polls are open until 8 p.m.
Who is ready to get dirty with for his 30th birthday party tonight at Closet Sundays!
ah that's like hour from my wife fam in zanesville
This is going to be one for the collection: a break from the totally serious, lots of over-the-top kill action and boss fights of note
thanks for the RT!
donna summer was so pretty…
Happy Birthday Khameel!!! !!!
no!! That's the view out the window from inside!
you mad ?
Reed signed contracts w/ Hollywood production cos. for *Pallbearers* and *Yellow Back Radio* & wrote a screen play for *Pallbearers* ...
....are you going to be at Zia Records in LV before the show???
yep that takes the cake
When the best you have to offer is riddled with imperfection you have an opportunity to improve. Be better than the best you you know!
yes and yes,
your contempt for the elderly is palpable.
stay up to date with us with a free AccentLink Basic account at 800-language.com
i agree to that.
IEPPal News - 2. All users may schedule one-on-one training from within the app and on our website.
i hate today so much
Man how much do I love The Lion King?
Great deals on toys and games for children at any age can be found at www.todaysfavoritetoys.com check it out!
After an action packed weekend, it is time to hit the books
Thank you for braving the wind and letting us feed you tonight! You made tonight awesome!
We'd make a bomb ass couple #Baby!
#oomf cooked some chicken spaghetti and it was so good.
My grandfather was shot in the eye at age 9, while hanging laundry. He passed in 2005 and could not be buried back home.
good to see you at I am second tonight man!
M... Kool-Aid. I've always liked that stuff.
lol u silly
Treat me like a joke, i'll leave you like its funny.
Get to pack this weekend
thanks for the blog alert - the brand's story through #transmedia storytelling is what we do
"Every life is a story make yours a best seller."
Ciroc and good music... #chill mode
SO THE GREATEST DAY ABOUT 2DAY IS ITS BDAY HAPPY BDAY HUN
missing my warrior nation
Today is tomorrow !
What's good fam, you get a chance to check out that mixtape, I'd like to remix a few of them....
Im fuckin lucky I made it home alive my punk ass car kept sliding I swear when I get my new whip I'm blowin this piece of shit up noregrets
": I wish people realized it is not winter and you should not wear boots."
hehe word up
Getting through finals week.
Media & tech are tools but we shouldn't underestimate the power of 1on1 human connection & how it can empower & inspire youth.
I wouldn't see word cloud as hard-core analysis but def as a filtering tool and, if seems appropriate, viz tool
Bubbly before or after you file your copy? How old school are you?
Listening to
Happy nurses day to all my fellow nurses
#TeamLakers all the way !
Eagerly awaiting the April issue of to arrive at the office
especially hearing the kids recite names
No. We welcome all. Come on out in may and lets pursue the dream together.
Love ya too :)
Hah - I just sang that to somebody the other day!
Women who exercise are less likely to suffer from strokes, diabetes or breast cancer later in life.
Nice Thunderstorms this morning!
Good luck today We'll be cheering you on today. Start off the season with a win.
Huge adoption event at the Petsmart in 7 Corners today...
I admit sometimes it hard for a nigga to say how he truely feel to females..
Congratsb man...you're a Beast
mention me:)
Im that white girl haa
"No, gyro loser!"
and ma'am .
Haha, I know right! And I've been good, you?
Looking back at my tweet, twitter unescaped what I had pasted in! what #zotero had (sans spaces): <p> &amp &nbsp ; </p>
ha! maybe you can adopt a team? that's what we did ;)
Lets set up a skype time!!! We miss the family!
Sessions was a Milwaukee Buck yet another who left and went to a great team and got to play in the playoffs
#NYR tonight, can't wait.
SAME RULE OF RESPECT APPLY 2 HER LIKE SHE GOD BECUZ WIT OUT HER NONE OF THIZ IZ POSSIBLE.........REAL SHYT......
Aw, thanks! Yours is pretty neat, too.
loved the #FiggeStudentFellows presentations last night? think u could be one? students can look for 2012-13 applications in Aug!
Text fields in RefWorks hold up to 1 GB of plain text each.
I'll mention it to him. ;p if he's a good boy. Lol
HA!! WAY TO SMALL!!
The University of Phoenix is buying ads on tV
u welcome babe...Truth is truth n u told it!
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 3 Washington Redskins 17 14:55 in 3rd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
That's actually in Lake Eola in Downtown Orlando. Beautiful spot to enjoy the scenery.
any help on how to unlock the 2000 follwers rule from twitter
Today #WarisChildsPlay opens-our art show at the Spinning Plates Gallery! The opening ceremony starts at 7pm, with music, wine, and more!
That was my concern. Sent a simple question, got a non-answer. Not going to volley emails with your company. It's a time waster.
it was a blast to work with your team to crush the competition with such a thin, light piece of glass / aluminum! ;)
Welcome to the family! Hope your first day goes well.
wtf?!?!?! Why didn't you tell me sooner???? I could've asked for off :( Lmao UNLIMITED bread is your favorite :)
Pancake mix and sprite? Who knew it made a awsome breakfast in the microwave!
GIVE IT UP FOR WHO REACHED 20,000 FOLLOWERS
THE RAID: I've never had a movie kick my ass as much as this one did. Some of the most insane action I've ever seen. SEE IT
Have you got your tix yet for today's concert? Bernstein, Stravinsky and more! There are still seats left. See you at the at 4 pm!
can we wear heans today??
Does anyone else feel a little bit sorry for real people who may be perfectly nice, but happen to have disasters named after them?
packer green bay packers super bowl champions
One's mind has a way of making itself up in the background, and it suddenly becomes clear what one means to do.
Wow. Didnt think I'd see a penalty in game 7 of the Stanley cup playoffs. Seemed legit though
still with sadness but hope for the team going forward
So sad that is no longer on American Idol. :( You're still amazing in my book dude! and still my favorite!
Defense verdict in business case. Irvine trial attorney Gregory G. Brown handled the trial. Jury out for only 1hr. 45 min.
If you wanna do something in art, then it would be an AMAZING opportunity. But just trust your heart, do what you think(:
Had a great time at the Word in motion Urban Dance Festival!
Fuck Todd Graham and his kids! Hail to Pitt!!!
Its 4/20 every day for a real pot head!!!!
i hate coming from the votech.. smh, i have to rush to get to my bus. -____-
Did you sample the Peeps flavor? I was scared...
The over indulging must stop at some point, right???
Profersonal - melding together of personal and professional lives online per
You looking to stay in the southland? I know of some space but it's in PV and KC.
Thanks so much for the RT's! :)
She never goes these days.
Lil workout at the park real brief like lol
Our pleasure! It is a great partnership for a great cause!
Does anyone want to play Scramble With Friends with me? I haven't tried it yet but realllyyy want to.
The latest Video Librarian recommends 8 Kino Lorber Edu films. That's 8 reasons to pick up the January/February edition.
Yes please! Then we can have a tasting party.
: Ha ha... You can have hockey... Bucky will take football and basketball...
Is that the new saying now?
Woo hoo! Got my divorce papers today! Stoked!
My back hurts O:
we do love our Red Bull :)
makes me think of my favorite Crystal Waters song, "100% Pure Nougat"
thought the music you played behind the Tebow call was classic
just wanted to tell you that I still love that "how do you solve a problem like maria" stalking joke.
"Tweeple"? That's
missed you at the little magazine panel, but would love to meet up sometime this weekend
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead. -Bertrand Russell
Watching the episode of dream machine with and is he really wearing an shirt that is awsome
Just noticed "HCR" is also a TT, behind "Rush Limbaugh?"
The flying lawnmower is the reason we are amazing
“Chapter 11 Pavilion”
I seriously can't fucking do this anymore..
Fav is Neighborhood Plumber No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
changed my username
they've never drove through Indiana 
Everyone can call me beautiful, pretty, or sexy but it matters more coming from you.
wut's happening on your account right now...
Yeah, I saw that. Goodell does not play around.
Resetting my vibration at that clear autumn thing: we catch sight of the bridge to darker days yet still turn in the heat and light...
Former #SNL writer looking for artist to create political #cartoons for #obama2012. I'll write, you draw. #p2 Pls RT to ur followers
Up at dawn; watched Performance (1970), insanely good/influential, then checked out The Last Rites of Joe May. Cool little sleeper.
can you please follow my friend he is a
be careful he's only good for 60 miles tops, he can't handle driving further than that.
National Thought Leader: "Hell yeah, I'll put that on my bio!" Love it.
Editing a video staring my niece and nephews. Stay tuned....Monday hopefully:)
omg i was about TO BUY THE ONE ON THE RIGHT BUT THEN MY MOM WAS LIKE WHY ARE YOU WASTING YOU R 5 DOLLARS ON HIM AND I GOT SO MAD
At ihop with the kids. Taking bailey to see her old softball team. Hope she gets the fever back
Thank you, Im glad you like it! See you in Bloomington next time
OMG YOU GUYS DHSKAHSLGDKDKW
Just got a little reusable lion king bag and stickers for getting a kids meal at subway :)))
Thanks for the follow Mike!
Hurley to #URI along with his brother, great news to get at 10,000+ feet in the air. Rhody Hoops.
I feel like it's all over but in reality tomorrow I have to take Italian.
If you have received a message from me in the last couple of hours, it was not me. Sorry about that, I hope you ignored it.
Looks like FCX is making another run at breaking that $46.80 mark...
Recording time had to be delayed to a scheduling matter. Should be ready for Thursday. Sorry, My Rocketeers! :-)
God takes care of himself, and you of you.
I'll be back guys!
Congrats to Maria from Lakeland!!!! She just won Rays tickets!!!! Another chance to win coming up soon!
Reason 1,001 to avoid a shutdown: it will kill me - KILL ME - to get up while bf relishes lazy mornings. And, I like a man with a paycheck.
I want to start a blog abou 'gving and receiving' i.e. I spotlight for-profit companies/social entrepreneurs who funnel-
bouttah fix it now.
Thanks for following! We're looking for a #MKE business to offer a complimentary website design! Interested?
Stay tuned for Episode 4 which will be live in the next 24 hours!
Having the flu for a week is way better than getting a painful shot for 5 seconds.
holy crap, leg of lamb cooked by me, if I do say so myself with fantastic mint sauce is delicious.
Yup, Portland comeback was 2000 conference finals. 3rd ring came after beating Kings in '02 conference finals.
Met 7 CDs at TCN workshop today. Felt good!
I just slept for so many hours.
Lady: what are you shooting? Me: pilot for MTV called "x" Lady: never heard of it Me: yeah cause we're shooting it right now moron.
RT : I believe that is Mr. Nafziger himself... am I correct? #uwrightnow <- "The man, the legend, the conference room"!
The Xbox 360 ELITE Acution is less than an hour away! Come join the fun and bid at BidFather!
Tryin to go
"Megan, look left for swag."-Grace
when I am having a bad day I go on Facebook and read the status updates from all the people I knew in high school, and then I feel better.
You can't always control what you do when you're wasted, but you can control whether or not you get that drunk
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!!
Im waiting for your voicemail ,you said you were gonna leave me one on friday haha the weekend is almost over >.<
I did indeed review that production--(set was best thing about it!)
IT'S GOING DOWN TONITE NATIVE TONGUES' STYLE...ABSOLUTLY NATIVE! @ The Warehouse Loft. It's gonna be so muh fun. JAROBI from ATCQ on the mic
Rob Hanna Defeats Brice Kellem via Ref Stoppage after the 2nd Round to retain the Rocktagon MMA East Coast Regional Lightweight Championship
"Me pones de los nervios" means "you get on my nerves"
Really tho? It's like that?
Made Monster Cookies with the little man. Yummiest combo ever of choc chips, m&m's, peanut butter and oatmeal...m...delish!
New York City Baby!!(:
Hope you are well!
It's a comment on the legal concept of property that is itself legally enforceable, i.e. a recursive contract. Code as law.
that moment, when you show your crush his football sign, and gives you a huge smile. :') <3
Movie time :)
RT : My first #citycouncilmeeting this is serious!
shit well david and i are separated so i guess thats the next best thing right?
Haha! Indeed it has begun
:3 I have a coat if you want one, find me!
I had a great time at the CityLit Festival.
oh, snap. I've been called out.
i want hot chocolate, i don't want snow! can't we just play winter in hawaii?!?
just realized there is only a month of the semester left. this is both good and bad.
Prom fucking sucked I would have been perfectly fine sitting at home..
i dont tweet anymore
Nothing good ever happens between 7-10am, so why do people even get up this early?
what are you?
I live on the windward side, opposite end from Ewa Beach. We are doing an investigation there next month at a house
Follow and :D
I 'shutter' to think RT : CNN just fired 12 photographers in favor of crowdwourced pics. Is the iPhone killing the photojournalist?
Today I'm thankful for fun-size Sour Patch Kids so I can eat "just a few" and not feel guilty ;)
Police block access to the Capitol in WI, despite the fact that it is illegal to block access to the Capitol in WI - tinyurl.com/4qwq89b
yep that's prob it. Have a great weekend I'm off to go hot tubbing
Late to school again. Whadddup.
The ill-advised not sticking of it in pocket didn't burn Gomez that time
that will never change the way I feel.. and all I can do.. keep on telling you..don't be sad... 'cause2outof3"aint bad!!!!!i can't lie,
m just ate the most delicious cake for my birhday..from the curvy Baker liquored desserts!! www.curvybaker.com she ships FRESH
Hey Tom - you should check out feel free to connect w/ happy customers &
I seriously feel so bad for the people who nathan blocked :(
My market going roommate is gone, so I do indeed need someone to tag along. You in?
Getting Book of Mormon tix is more about competition than anything now.
Not really excited about the #superbowl RT if u aren't excited.(:
Maybe I spoke to soon
Nothing will please Boehner.
that is way cute!
You are REALLY uninformed. He is an ex officio member, not a sitting member, by virtue of his office.
Every day is earth day, dont'cha know?
Thai-ASEAN News Network - Ayudhya Allianz C.P. Hosts Charity Event to Mark 61st Anniversary
Don't think the Mavs want it bad enough
JUSTIN NEEDS TO WIGGLE WIGGLE IN HIS BIRTHDAY SUIT!!!!!!! LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL.
Morale & engagement is huge!
Sick again. You know what that means... Dexter marathon.
On my way to 1st session at NAEA - mine! If you're around, stop by the Seattle convention center to hear about docents with iPads.
fascinating! Thank you so much for following me!
Today in Blues History: Delta blues singer and slide guitarist John Henry Barbee was born Nov 14, 1905, in Henning, Tennessee.
Hope you stop by the table today T35!
.'s customer service should be a model for others: always good attitudes, attentive, and helpful. It's not that hard guys,
Really enjoying talking about the use of digital tech in museum exhibits at #thatcampphilly. Great way to end the day.
Pittsburgh Rocks
that orange looks like Panatone's color of the year, meaning your super stylin'! Do it!
Hmm. Maybe if you're logged in?
Happiness is my third Review Of The Day on Yelp in 2009, I am pretty geeked not gonna lie! Thank You to all of my followers keep on eating!
"When Paul saw them, he thanked God, and took courage."~Acts 28:15
Two nights in Vegas free for a limited time!!! RT please so your friends can get a trip while they last!!
I found pics of us when we were inseperable
#UrbanMeyer just guarenteed Jim Bollman needs to get his resume ready.
6 weeks til Shank Hall show !
Jonah Hill at my Starbucks. Lol.
When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on. ~ Franklin D. Roosevelt
yo what's your number?
The speech will be webcast? I love rachel maddow!
Bacon is bacon Eggs are eggs Don't let a guy get between your legs He saysyou're cute he says you're fine Nine months later he says not mine
If your in line looking for #work stop wasting your time make work happen from the ground up! The piggy bank is broken & lines are 4 sheep
no you cant be just a rondo fan.
Don't reward failure. Reward the lessons learned.
and hopefully there's a trip scheduled for Washington soon after that.
exactly. i dislike him even more because he was already rich and he didn't have to stoop to this level. lost respect.
regular season son. Cmon now. You know better.
i just got a bunch of fake follows too
kinda awesome today...
I get that but still I'm seeing and hear like Bynum nice but calm down
haha so did i 1 time :P and speaking of dreams goodnight! <3
“: Our generation desperately needs courageous men to step up!" //Good word man God, blessings!
I LOVE YOU 2!
can't wait!
I want to play lingerie football. LOL. No but forreal tho.
SEO jobs are the bottom of the technology barrel. They are low-profit, commodity jobs. No innovation.
Hugo/Eric chavez favor the left RT : Chavez! First hit of the evening, singles to left, none out
just got a 97% on my math test, the world is ending in 2012
MSM may activate certain genes that suppress cancer growth. According to research at Univ. W. Ontario
I got sick to see your photo in KDA
#Justice4Trayvon finally Yeah
#POTUS is guest commentating on the Army-Navy game on CBS.
love green bay but Texas is home.
Gearing up for tonight's "New Mindset for #Fundraising" event at Didn't RSVP? No problem! Still welcome...
January?? No...May 4th :)
Had reqests for Dental plans,, here ya go.., look up providers in your area, www.tek4health.com
Finally a free time for a tweet (: Have a god night twitter peps <3'
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'I, Ratchet'
- thanks for the follow - check out our Facebook page - www.facebook.com/consultingconceptsinnovations
Need a focus group? Ask for community volunteers.
I have an opening for 9am Wednesday - otherwise booked!
Is going to try not to be such a flake this year. Energizing myself to be a better activist and, most importantly, better friend.
are you covering the Budget Overview that the Union Reinvestment Project will discuss tonight at 6:00?
you all should text me.(: 2762211182
are you gonna come to TAG next Monday?:) and it's a date!<3
You should play Cowboys!
Customer has more leverage in forcing cloud vendor to accept responsibility for laws bases on location of data than type of data.
cigarets for dinner anyone?
#oomff forgot about me..:(
The Avengers was so good... one of my fave movies ever, for sure.
In New Jersey.
Now that is way to celebrate your birthday, 27th goal on his 27th Birthday, Lets go
Lmao at that woman that say she couldn't find her dress tho
“: This tours kicking my ass. Pushing through tho. Sick and all *cough *cough” Aw take it easy and get better :)
hey brothers why is it so hard to find 5A and 5AB pro mark sticks in Nashville Area????
Economic impact of Alaska Federation of Natives convention to Anchorage: $7.2M, says ACVB. reports
That's an advantage?
I have a birthday dinner date with the most amazing, sweetest, and most precious daughter in the world, !!!
3 of my favorite things
My theory is that 1B would force him to concentrate. RT : Because he handled that grounder in RF so well?
Biting my tongue.
Im like outta breath just by doing the first part theres no way in hell im gonna make it through it #awkcuzitsonlyaminute lol
#FF she's new to the twittosphere and her handful of followers seem lonely!
s/o to all of the Librarians in the world who are Mother's!!! U ROCK! :)
“: "Mom, there's someone at the door." "Then answer it." "I'm not wearing pants." #femalepains”
Great discussions happening under #Mdchat #hcsm and #healthIT hashtags... - All great. Also follow #HITSM as well.
Nice!....I plan on cutting too....the 3rd time already!
Wow! Good Job! Still maintaining? RT I started on HCG drops on July 3 of last year. The first 40 days, I had lost about 25 lbs
adorable. ": You are the best in my book!"
very nice! less sodium, less sugar, whole wheat and lean meat right?
Trying to do my taxes and researching home buyer info. Productive Sunday night :) oh, and #WalkingDead :)
Work is the curse of the drinking class #OscarWilde. We believe if venues find the right people & people find the right job, work can be fun
umm wasn't I suppose to tag along?
Alright, maybe this weekend? I start my first full-time job tomorrow as a staff writer for a health care news publication!
Lookin for someone to write an article about their experience at the Nature Knwldge Wrkshp. To be published in the HSierran.
Reason and faith are both banks of the same river. ~ Doménico Cieri Estrada
I'm not sure there is a 12 Step Program for Perfectionism, but there should be. As for me, I'm making a perfect effort to be good enough...
Men want a sexually attractive partner. Women want someone they can be proud of and brag about. Relationships at the core
What's for dinner? Better yet, who's cooking it??
Ready to get my oral surgery over with! Lol! Yeah... The only part I'm worried about is the needles! Haha!
3125 images and six hours of video for the 2011 fall season - great season!
the fact that my mom gave me condoms when i went to go hang with my girlfriend today .. :3
Things are good and yourself??
Lets go clippers lets knock these grizzlies out
You should definitely record the audio. So many people now only want to listen to the book. Not me, though.
damn, we love you.
you can meet him at the Roxy june 1st!
Thank god the doctor prescribed me some pain killers. I don't think I'd get through this week without them! 💊💊💊
hey! Sorry... My 3G connection was really bad in the big room. Couldn't even tweet :(
Home from running errands...back on the couch!
: Thanks for attending our Euro Devon Grand Opening last night! Did you enjoy the event?
What's the point of twitter if you're not even funny????? that's a quote by
Exploited? How so?RT : I liked the #barves more when I didn't know they were being exploited by a business owner with a cool haircut
headed in door now
well unless you can do something about this weather...
np, welcome to the club!
This Twitter drama is annoying.
If Cinci wins the #NCAA tourney, I will name my first born Cashmere Wright
Is officially a season ticket holder
yea I should be around for a little in the evening
Be certain to check in with your group. Blue Team seemed to have a good handle on production requirements on Friday.
I will be at Newsday-LI on Tuesday for some training. Hope you'll be there too.
rick perry pulling out after santorum surges
welcome to twitter! I'm excited to learn more about your trucks!
I have a meeting at 2pm and then a banquet in Seattle. I'll run solo tomorrow and then with you guys on Friday?
OMG. Did you like skip a grade? Haha. I'm only a Freshman. well, sophomore next year. xx
Just got from the runway...=)
You are so fine boy! Don't make since :) lol
So Silva vs Okami... Thoughts??
Someone add me on PS3 I'm BiiONiiC_TuRTL3
Making data entries while listening to the AL and NL baseball playoffs. Does it get any better than this? I think not.
UT comparing the Marines and the Republican(orDemocrat)party is insulting.They are trying to drag Fletcher down by flinging mud.
PROCEDURE=DONE!
#creativity was not 100% today, frustration won. Stop motion shoot ended in burnt out computers. We'll start again tomorrow!
yeah it sucks lol :-(
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho I
well you do 😞 you even said you did last night !
sorry heck yes
Kenny Powers is alive!!!
Okay. Practiced, workout, more practice, eat then drink. How does that sound.
Great show topic today with the cover songs! Heard a lot of covers that I had never heard before. Thanks!
Burnt... the fuck... out
tomorrow I guess
Ew.i picked an ugly shade of purple.
ya but it was being telecast like a daily serial.How many times can a person watch it?
Heeeeeyyyy Yooouuuuu Guuuuyyyss! I can't wait- Friday night: Midnight showing of "The Goonies"
"No, he's out getting a spray on tan. He comes back and stains the furniture. The man is a walking creamsicle!"- Mr. Burns
he really can tho
YOU LIE
shutup! You're beautiful the way you are, don't let ANYONE bring you down I love you.
Ha! Then it doesn't count. Hmm... A real-life crush is more intriguing.
Some shit pop off tonight I'm good take my to bed
woah now! I said championships. That means Eastern Conference and Western Conference championship. They do not equal finals.
salena is ugly!!!
For June #LetsLunch: & are in charge. I'll be at a writers' retreat then/out of commission.See you in July!
do i have a donk???
Pittsburgh 4/17 Forgetting Lydia, Maesion, Fakade, New AC, and more at Finleyville Community Center tickets are $10 msg me if you wanna go.
yes, I do. It is very smooth. I have the new Fujitsu Q550 and annotator has been smoother than OneNote
How many PHOucking Pho Noodle places does LA really need?!
It is a sad day for our republic any time the majority votes on the civil rights of the minority.
GO FOLLOW FOR A FOLLOW
I love this concept as long as the lanes are not slick when wet. Would be nicer if cycling could adopt a universal color.
Lol. World peace is the man
Omw to Disneyworld! Love the 40 min flight to Orlando.
I can't be there this morning but sending the cast good vibes for there appearance on Good Morning America!!!
Watching my first indoor track meet. Kind of crazy!!
who is watching on #VH1 la la's full court life? Watch her journey on motives for la la💄
You feel like you can have a spontaneous shoot & have good work from it?
Just registered for Digital Pedagogy in the Humanities at led by -- excited :)
No coat, apple blossom tree blooming, morning meeting canceled.
Ha! a fool! Lol cant blame her for keeping 98/2 tho!
Give a Rose @};->-- To Everyone You Care About, See If You Can Get A Dozen Before Valentines Day ♥♥♥ ♥ Thank You
has sd city considered getting water out of air via plastic water collection systems?
Glad you like it! It's one if our favs, too!!!!
we aren't telling our story. We are co-creating it with our most passionate fans and supporters.
So excited to have you on board!
Announcing game V Chicago at 5:00. Come out to DSGP. Great day for futbol!!
Flow chart hell?
Before you can really begin establishing financial goals, you have to figure out where you stand financially.
life in a perfect world haha! ;)
We can't just hand you a $50 gift card to , but write a haiku and post it to our FB page & you may just be the lucky winner!
7 bedroom big enough for you?:)
MY LLAMA LIKES YOU LOL
see? You got this fatherhood thing down
All hail our benevolent lord Science!
Mickey's Dairy Bar by Camp Randall. Get a milkshake.
Opening Day! Come watch your #NYYANKEES and #MYMETS start off their season while enjoying a nice cold beer here !
Do you think the new DC 52 line will stick or will DC reverse its direction again?
Going to walmart today
Brian Boyle just simply cannot be stopped in this series!
top of the world
At some point u just have to let go, move on. No matter how painful it is, it's the only way we grow.
So tired... but this Cowboy/Jets game is quite entertaining!
You know im high im over here eatin raisins lol them sun maid raisins poppin tho
im def excited for the weekend..hope u follow/shutout..plus im going to c #Avengers wit my mama saturday
Haven't had/been in a show for about a year...anyone know of any shows what need an artist in MKE in the next couple months?!
My name is katniss hear my arrow soar through trees! My name is rachel watch my arrow go two inches!!!
I FORGOT ABOUT RICHARD FACE! Definitely. Definitely my favorite Dick with a silly last name.
- punk show in a church? Cool. I almost moved into an old church (now a house), but didn't cuz I thought I'd burn.
Theres too many list, but for everyone that helped and was a part of this weekend, thank you. I love you.
Got the "DUDU wrap" down thanks to Cool book-Happiest Baby in the Block
Nice! Gotta represent. xo
Elton John - Blue Avenue
Word! ":been told I'm a belligerent drunk. Attending road games rooting for a team I expect to kick ass seems a great recipe."
My father used to say that quote like a broken record while I was growing up. Love him for it now.
At work: Different rodeo, same bull.
I love my girl. Shes the number one thing on my mind all day. It's crazy
oh yeah. Last years critiques helped shape this years conference.
The #DetroitTigers have just announced that Justin Verlander will continue to pitch after the game, and into tomorrow & Friday.
I've never heard it before this article.
Tigers or Ducks?
Thanks Jerry. I left optimistic about a new arena. Less so about the team. disagreed. It will be tough sell
yea lol but anyways I'm super bords! D:
The hamster in the wheel that is powering this computer is dying a slow, painful death.
Be sure to stop by Academy on Vance Jackson Friday 23 for a special Fiesta event.
Watch the Throne
same ol same ol. What u been up 2?
just followed a bunch of awesome people. I just hope they will follow back! Heres to good karma and stuff.
Did you vote today? Get an extra punch on your punch card with your “I voted” sticker tonight.
perhaps you can teach me how to write. I need help!!
Oh, that has to be a good story! And, Jenn lives with 3 males, so I bet she could handle it.
Mental Health Day!
#ICanHonestlySay I Love Animals!
my head is spinning from everything so far...
gonna make a box out of colored paper. let's go.
Slain my dick at these hoes like Nunchucks
what happened to Karla?
Who do you think they'll play? I just like knowing what definitely won't happen.
Does anyone have Dish??
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Honey. Please wear a bra. For the love of God
I like when surveys ask me for my "current age". As if they didn't ask for current I would have put anything from 0-25
sure sounds great!
who's them? We'v done videos for a few bands
OK. Do I have to make my own Mother's Day brunch reservations?
Oh no please...don't tell me that...I think I'm gonna die :| r u serious? #TVD without Alaric? OK must be a joke!
Sometimes I forget how lucky I am
aim not even in yet!
app world was a PAIN to download, sign up and never let me download an app. no wonder people are abandoning blackberry 4 iphone
#cbsbigbrother who else's gag reflex is triggered by brenchel???
I'm glad my phone number starts with 305 and not 786. 👍
Congratulations, you marvelous people!
can I browse images? Not immediately clear how.
The Atlanta Hawks look terrible against the Heat with no Bron or Wade ...
hey Brett?! I mean...what's your name again?! :P
it sure is! Soak up that sun! : )
have the opening theme music sound more like the original from the 1960's.
what u think about earth 2 am sure u saw that coming right lol
I wrote an email 6 or so years ago to Jason and he wrote me back a lengthy reply.. I was reduced to tears. Amazing man.
"Changing the way we think about vulnerable kids, they are truly worth investing" - Barbara Allen from at
. #YOCOPY you only carnival once per year
Don't try to hide it, imma make you my bitch.
What a gorgeous spring day 88 degrees, sunny. Hard to get any work done! But lots to get done, so back at it!
Oh, and if you live in one of the recall districts and haven't voted already, get out there ASAP
Can't shake this headache...
Steady tryna change up something fresh?
happy Mothers day boop ❤💋❤💋❤
hi Dan! *waves from america*
Get invested with Kayla, Jarred, and Apple. 8 parts of Trivium Proportion are out so far. #print and #ebook release upcoming
just hugged me. Holy fuck
It may be for the best, he needs to get healthy RT#chargers Gates may miss five weeks or longer bit.ly/nAITyd
awkward moment when you're a whore
Can't dm b/c u r not a follower.But would love to help. Pls email me at columbusfoodie AT gmail DOT com so we can discuss more.
Lmao #chuck and #shaq are some fools
hopefully something healthy because right now...at my desk...there are A LOT of cookies...the life of working with chefs...
I hate typoes.
Grt choice! ":“: Hi Chef, huge fan of yours. Was wondering if you could recommend a Pinot Grigio? ” Scarbolo!!"
Hosting event 'Art for Humanity' - Art auction and fundraiser. Pretty amazing art & crowd.
I can't wait to start working out.
And that's how you win the game!! Great job 49ers and congrats on your first postseason win!
“: RT : Joel Robuchon is in the house at L'Atelier this week and weekend #joelrobuchon” on to Las Vegas next week!
they lost the sale of an alcoholic beverage because of that little stunt.
hahaha ya bieber/1D blogs ftw! :)
what time do you work till
not lyrical
Monday #Trivia: Who coached the Blackhawks to a Stanley Cup Finals appearance in 1992?
Dwade is about to go off!
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger
Why do trains and traffic only appear when I'm running late for work? gotta get my #cashflow .
You got some extra tickets to any event???? Simply hurry up and call us now at: 888-493-0004 and sell those tickets to us.
Cool. DM me and we can set up a time to chat.
Any fun weekend plans?
Yeah, but still. This is KISS!! This was a complete sellout, IMHO
were the 3 bestfriends that anybody could have
Jesus is at the 49ers after party, ignoring Tebow's texts...
Where is my breakfast!
thanks for the great weekend ideas! great job! you always know what's going on :-) have a wonderful weekend!
lol u wild
Rock on, Emily! Congratulations!
The site looks great - You've been busy! Keep it up.
Weird glitch in Google Maps right now -- several major DC streets now incorrectly labeled "W City Ave"
train dude!
Look for our new interactive game at Bear Down Fridays this week at main gate square. For more information visit www.beardownfridays.com
if wishes came true, i'd wish to be that light behind your eye.
are you a fan of music?
yes so happy i found my charger pretty sure i would die if my phone died
all good man. Thanks for checking it out though. Glad life's treating you well man
Where did the sun go?
who the mother is, everything we know about the mother could be seen tonight, thanks to the spoilers. I hope i'm not spoiling!
I am down whenever. But I am busy hosting jams until Monday.
Rad show march 10th at New Frontier Tacoma . Lozen will be there !!!!!!
You know that one person you're facebook friends with only so you can see how awesomely they decorated their apartment?
I text my sister the things I want to tweet but can't because it's too embarassing or stupid
I found companion link to sync w/2010. Will RIM update DM or should I purchase?
So proud of ; job well done, men.
#slaname so many new types dilute more of our meetings? Too many topics among the specialized?
Thnx very much! Surprisingly enough, the naked cowboy campaign was more enlightening. Know any "real" US politicians doing well?
that's cool next time u see me out don't be afraid to say hi
thanks. We had one in Santa Barbara. Doh....
Damn right! RT : If they change who they are when others are watching,they were never real to begin with.
cool site would appreciate it if you friended us at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic thanks
The library is not a place for laughter!
Uggghhhh.I'm so fucking irritated.
Chill b lol RT iono if i should listen to that new kid cudi song i kinda gave up on him
replace the OR with AND, i'm right there with you.
favorite thing of a game is standing on the base lines looking at the flag while the anthem plays, just havin that moment to talk to god.
lol i don't even know her! So yes it was random bahaha
Night 2 of my three night volunteer binge of "hey strangers, let's talk about the movie we just watched!" Pretty fun 40mins.
#WeWontWork if you dumb as a door knob
maybe he's being succinct. Most of what's written in profiles is meaningless crap anyway. (with exceptions)
Praying for God to move in all the details - How is baby Kevin?
thts true i never got to see them live... :( now ur makin me sad
Odd time for maintenance. Will probably be months before I try to log in again. :(
The looks i get from dudes drivin in trevs car is ridiculous
