After our 4 weeks off OPM hits the stage again this Saturday in Columbus. I think I remember the songs. We even wrote a couple of new ones
Didn't really want to see "The Vow", but it was actually a good movie. Guys it's good v-day movie with your wife.
Just bought The Magician King by because I couldn't wait another day for it. Literally.
This is my first tweet since last year :^)
A #Mariners lineup has no holes - for an ever expanding abyss will never fissure.
Enjoyin Spring Break
haha now you know how i feel ! :P sorry i dont think there's a cure
#ThingsISAYDuringSchool What the fuck is she wearing ?
That's a little Twittah nibblah.
ditto ... i do think that these days, it may be more competitive for the newer trainers/instructors, you know?
let's get the other 3 in on this too.
Damn, I'm so "heads-down" on product development, it's not even funny. I'm not following Twitter and my TiVo is about to explode.
Emmy Lou can take my place on the squadron & I'll be team Mom. Orange slices & granola bars for errbody!
With my next paycheck, I think I will be getting a tattoo!! ;) oh yeah
WTH is J. Hill on? Fam is too random.
great words of wisdom
What if I had friends...LOL
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 50
#lessambitiousbooks War and Treaty
I spend more money on tutus, fishnets and sparkly costume-y things than I do on normal clothes. This is beginning to be a problem.
Unbelievable hockey game!
honestly, I would buy anything I could if you did :D
Fire Threat in Texas for the next couple of days, here
that sounds far more appealing than a run.
RT If you are even vaguely engaged in your profession, you probably have no problem with CPEs. < people have problems? How?!
& remained around the initial asking price. But it'll turn into a long term investment like I had assumed. The company will grow
patience damn you
I'm going to start a droney rock band called 'Ugly Duckling' with hopes of, one day, turning into SWANS.
Void said: "Everybody on this site has bodied burna and it's getting pretty old. Hes a lost hope of a rapper and a human being " lmao!!!!!!!
Can't sleep so may as well do my hair (which is been a hot mess lately)
#cali if it snowed 2 feet there right now your world would crumble! No shit you get em everyday, we don't, you're geographically dumb! JK
sweet real estate porn on tonite
Enlightened souls appear whenever righteousness declines and unrighteousness takes over in the world.
No snowfall pool I've heard about. I would have lost by now!
Big thank you to #TeamBalderas for helping us pass 1600 followers!
i have to study. Geez. Get off my back.
Sorry for the delay...yes, 99cent Iced Tea thru May 6. We'll follow up with you.
how're you there?!
#3WordsOfAdvice Follow Your Heart.
Is says page not found??
I can't see myself with the same person for a long time ...
Currently being spammed by Brightroom Photography. Okay, I get it, they have pictures of me. How many more emails will it take?
I do not know myself. I know the Sons of Confederate Veterans would know-try them. Best
I want to wish all the men in my life a happy Defenders of the Fatherland Day. Thank you all for being wonderful.
MegaKitty is known around these parts as Muy Gato
still waiting for a follow from ..it could happen one day but probs not.
"Learning comes through concentrated study; mastery comes from tedious repitition."
When people make it awkward and then walk out of the room >>
Thank you Mr. President for supporting #MarriageEquality for LGBT folks. We appreciate your support, and you have mine!
Going to volunteer at the Alley Theater this afternoon for Agatha Christie's Then There Was None
oh for sure! I thought it was funny :)
I Love Surprises ;)
(No, it's actually really good—well worth the mild depression that comes with it.)
let us know how they turned out RT : running tests on the brewer!
Hologic Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Operating Results - MarketWatch (press release)
I love my new iPhone. I should have gotten one a lot sooner! Any good 4S pointers?
follow back.
Spring cleaning!
Hm more highlights or dark hair for prom
Happy Wednesday Beautiful People #JusticeForTrayvonMartin - XavierLT. com
Charles Barkley needs to take his country ass to speech class. I hate his delivery.
take one to bainbridge island! It's just a quick trip but beautiful!!
Goodbye, Linkedin. You have served me little.
Who wants 2 FREE tickets to the Denver Home Show? First to call 303-922-8811 and mention Facebook or Twitter, WINS!
obsessed much!?
Trying to construct the perfect DMV "rock and roll" license plate today online. That's work! Current RE themed plate going to hiatus.
#HowtoEnd2012 everybody on the world jumps at one time !
Makes me wonder why the squat thrust never really took off...
no, the greeks actually left some dude there to present it to the trojans! he must have been a real sweet-talker...
Much appreciated, Larry. Have a wonderful weekend!
Thanks for the follow! Nice curation. Have you read 's Net Smart?
Thanks for sharing!
Dang it autocorrect, I really did try to type "wear".
Today is #FollowFriday so retweet and favorite this tweet to spread the love!
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving.
hey Syd i miss u boo we gotta hang when u back from the ATL
One weekend into my diet resolution and a Brazilian steakhouse opens in the neighborhood. And they have a mother's day special.
thank goodness it's not just me lmao
Stoked because today is my Friday since I have a wedding to attend tomorrow. Yay only need to make it another 8 hrs. Woo! :-)
#Avengers was okay- funny at times but definitely your run of the mill blockbuster.
Leaving for Stanford in a bit. Long flight,but great education group to meet. Loved the PR today @ the Idaho proram's success. Fun stuff!
hi damian! i love when you sing take care! its so cute
what do have to get? Ha.. ha.. love ya.!!
The moment when you feel like you're losing the one person you never wanted to lose.. #losinghim </3
On the job playing blues at Universal
FISTING?! You got yourself a follow :-p
Plan ahead this year - 50% off tax preparation services from Convenient tax Services, only on www.crowdclick.com!
haha depends on the time you actually get home. cause i have class again tomorrow morning :( which i really wanna skip
Homer bailey giving up 3 solos in one inning<<<<
#RealDealsNotJustCoupons please tell me what type of deals you would really like discounts on?
killin it at current
2 finals down 1 more to go...I'm completely stressed out I'm too ready for summer
Just checking in, I am now off to plant my tomatoes, and basil.. Yes, I am a woman of many talents..
Four hours of sleep. Haven't played since September. Huntington Beach is on. Cue the music.
Being treated like a princess today,
What a night! We couldn't tell you who won, but we could tell you what JLo's nipple looks like, and how many Scorseses it takes to vomit.
this owl will be out of battery by the end of the night
Michelle is not trying to kick it!!
Wishing the Westminster Choir safe travels to Charleston-we can't WAIT to hear you sing KEPLER!
Finally have a copy of mixed in key. Phenomenal!
anywhere with a good book
Many thanks! Belated
Increase your Twitter numbers with real fans worldwide! Guaranteed real results! Gain followers today!
FYI I just deleted about 12 pics related to Gotye.
Just flew back into the city. And am quickly reminded of why I don't live off the blue line.
If you "watch" the current one, you'll be updated when a new date is added :)
Good Morning World! Lets All Thank God For Letting Us See Another Beautiful Day & You All Have A Blessed Day!
Show was awesome tonight! Thanks to those of you who came out!
Txs for visiting RT I want my small t-shirt! Enjoying the event and the #PMIYinLA piano!
In need of some new books for nites like this :)
Wow! Thanks for the link! That is now bookmarked for in-depth viewing! Ah my old TRS-80!!!! Can you say diskette! ;-)
Why am I always dragged into other peoples drama???
once I wore Spanx to the gym on accident. I was so unmotivated.
close to a mental breakdown cause of all the meetings i've had the past couple weeks. and now 2 at the same time tonight AND tomorrow? shit.
We are in the business of youth fitness. Our website has video of our 123GoTV by KidExerciser. Discount coupon PTPA.
I almost became local ex-con/rapper's lady in the back of the KFC... BURLESQUE & I bought a cuddly critter temp. tattoo
sounds great. Happy to host. Let's talk.
playing mass effect 3
I thought I finally had a Hawaii Monster guy friend :'/ oh well, life goes on.
And if Christ is in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the Spirit is life because of righteousness." Romans 8:10
Hahahaa oh my gosh you're right, it's also the problem of growing up
actually, I'm drinking cheap instant Folgers. Imagine that.
thanks for the RT's from the #openrestdc event
Wednesday morning, why do you even bother?
Welcome to the two party system. Kick them all out.
Where did you go you where here yesterday? Why did you leave? why did you leave? And now im.stuck here thinking about your face
- we comeback on thursday, yhu miss us?
Trustworthy people do not humiliate themselves by begging to be believed
< one month til
Happy Friday
I feel bad but it was worth it :p another ssomeone will stop hating me
Check out ' wkend plans!: Muppets in Manhattan in Pioneer Square, Music Man in Laurelhurst, and breakfast
contact me b4 Monday or I'm filing papers u probably dnt want me to file.
Theater for "Hunger Games" is crowded - and it's a morning movie! (My first)
11-25-82 Big #Superdome show as Stagger Lee beats Ted DiBiase for the North American title
good! It's a free down load so no risk!
you too! haha must be a #Capricorn thing
go big green!
my comp. is tomorrow
Communication is key! Maintaining a class blog for Ss to share their work will help both admin & parents see effects
ah so excited four dayss!!
old puffer Pete
BUT you used it as your bio pic! Makes it even MORE priceless! ;) (not to sound stalker-ish - but I love watching people sleep)
Come on Florida, we need some better defense.
Absolutely summertime! Love to have 2 our Surf Clinics. Last week took double amputee for his 1st surf.
My Vagina like....fell asleep.
I look forward to meeting you at #SWMadison. Glad to talk.
I need to bring you some bakery samples..we re a bakery too..great marble rye and some rustic..maybe I can swing by Monday?
You're very welcome!
one of Chicago's biggest holidays.cubbie no like St patty day is like a Redbird not winning world series just unheard of ha ha
I should totally come with a warning label. Don't tell me if you don't want me to tweet it. Of course then people may not want to talk to me
So yesterday i got a new pair of heels and they are AMAZING.They are blue w a yellow bow.
Using low threshold 'disruptive' technologies in smart ways for aging population healthcare: worth each of the 16 minutes it takes to...
didn't make it there, but took in some good music just the same
it wont let me send it! #wtf ill send it on facebook haha
good? More like messy.
All you need is love.
#SOUTHsundays was magical tonight. I wish every Sunday was 's birthday!!!
I gotta say ... I'm pretty impressed that is tweeting during #SNL. He was pretty funny in it tonight.
TONIGHT - SHOWTIME with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, XsintriX, Torp, Weapon XI & Doktor D along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!!!
no worries. Thanks for the RT!
Follow me plzz
My Lover?(:
:) hope u enjoy it! Looking forward to Sunday.
Im The Weird Gurl At Skool . The Gurl Who Gets Bullied Just For Loving The ICONic Boyz :/ Just For Being An #ICONiac & #GRANDer :'(
now unless you are just going to waste time insulting and assuming, dont bother to respond.
rap write and produce
you said something bout team bulls count you in?
yikes! you better rest up! I would hate to see ya have to call in sick tomorrow!
Thanks for making it an unforgettable experience for our "Dream in Tune" Songwriting contest winner - you ROCK!!
Just pranced around the house for a good 1/2 hour #cantwait <3
damn cuz you a real goon I'm scared so imma fall back cause you don't wanna fight old school
Children can be taught both science and art through magic. -- S.H. Sharpe
Thanks for the follow on Pinterest. Please follow here too?
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries. - Ralph Waldo Emerson.
if i had you that would be the only thing i ever need
could i get a follow for my birthday?<333
OMG we haz a twitter
Yes and Me Too! RT Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there. I'm relaxing and watching on TV then some grillin'
The best thing to give your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child,
Evan, do you know what beer tastes like? RT : Hahaha fuck the both of you
#plansforsummer going to the bank atlantic center to see one direction with my bestfriend,my 15s pictures,etc.....
Great night at the Sapphire Lounge, amazing that after all these years, I still love what I do! Next gig a surprise B-DAY party ON Saturday!
Looking forward to meeting you at Sunday's Communication 201 workshop!
I really wish Jacob was awake already ._.
Tired -____- need an energy boost ugh.. It's going to be a long day ...
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
#sometimesallagirlwants is a hug. Stop trying to slide us something extra!
just like a flower...
. DRose also missed 20+ games and minutes were limited due to these injuries . . .
My mom: " I decided not to become a whore when I grow up." Me: " oh, that's good." My mom: " I decides to be a bitch." Nice life goals mom.
TEFL: A life of travel, adventure, and doing something meaningful. If you haven't taught abroad yet, what are you waiting for?
What jackass predicted snow for the the DMV?
yu still have your ipod number
That sounds really good. I need something better than a Pop Tart for breakfast.
yay! fingers crossed that I can find something!
RT : Nothing is progressive forever.
happy birthday, lovely! :))
11:30 - this is the earliest I've gone to bed in quite awhile.
AFT's prez visited West Side Elem today, WSE is a perfect example of a school that could benefit from public charter school leg
I am very interested in your book and exploring the possibility of having you on our show.
miss you more <3
oddly I have that same fear. Creepy.
It's Spring Break and Ed Rooney is still calling my house to see where I am!!!
Hey guys, my boo needs your help! Retweet this so she can win a contest and be in a music video with her fav band, Nickelback!
Saying "Sloppy Seconds" instead of "Leftovers" is really funny, until your five year old says it
i shouldnt have to do that im not cheatin an thats that sorry if u dnt wanna b wit me then dnt but its up to u cuz u trippin over nothing
it's so addictive isn't it? There are probably too many characters but most of them are really good characters.
bet hit me
How about my cover for number ten? www.trisefbook.com
I just had a health practitioner recommend grapefruit seed extract to me in helping to reduce sugar cravings
where can one get that "books not boys" tote?
Thanks! Looking forward to being a a "real" journalist and not just a blogger :)
Watching "Midnight In Love" and loving 's work.
that's how it feels in my house all the time. Perks of living in Florida? I don't think so.
Last night before graduation... out with the homies. Find me in the throwback
ange,we did Hallelujah praise ye the Lord. several folks under 50 were standing and sitting, lol the elderly were just smilin
Oh and the new episode of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia did not disappoint....
that was me yawning just so you know
Good GREEN Morning to u! Don't u love how lush everything is after all our rain! Big storm last night, but again, HAPPY GREEN SPRING ATX!
Next at #mashcon: Peter "the future of stuff"
Um did you get the large root beer??
Great I will have the Cawl ready
Next round! Which "Sir" with a passion for racing drove a 300 SLR #722 to one of his most well-known victories at the Mille Miglia?
#Ghostfacers! I love these guys 'specially Spruce (What up, playaaaaaa?)
User suggestions this week that we are working on include: Cop Wife, Sheriff Wife, Trooper Wife, Team Guns, Cute Sheep and Cute Horse!
Someone should txt me :)
These are the most paranoid cats I've ever met. One just watches me from the window of another room; the other keeps forgetting who I am.
M...warming Honey Pear Cider....my house smells delish!!!
Thanks Tony! A few days ago, he donated $25!!! That makes him a Chum Buddy!
bahaha know what you mean ;)
its all about that raw east coast shit though, swear to god
didn't get the invite. Where and when so I can crash?
Kristina Dorville takes over for Tim Fraser as DHS lead on Stop, Think, Connect cybersecurity awareness campaign
dnt feel good and I have a bad attitude rite now
This Bitches is my sons ;)
Thanks Lisa, hope to see you there!
who else is laugh crying right now?
Happy spring!
thanks for following !
Yes, Roger, we did. You been drinking again? RT Shit, those overtime rules are confusing. Did the Broncos officially win?
Make A Difference
Happy Mothers Day to all Moms we serve, Moms on staff, THC supporters/Mothers, Mommy volunteers & Twoms (Twitter Moms)
How's your Friday 13th going?
I can't stop thinking about this.. I haven't slept in almost 14 hours... This Shit is taking a toll on me.. I miss you already
preach it
I need to start writing blogs about shows, so much stuff happens at them that i never wanna forget. <3
What a difference a great proofreader makes. Thank you, , for polishing my web content!
Merry christmas everyone <3
not exactly the best formula eh?
let me know how that works out for you.
Cool but weird that 2 chefs chatting can sell out the Paramount.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Thank you for your support! We're so close!
u got me
it's okay - you can go to the bottom of that same page tomorrow and stream it or download the MP3. I'm at the 1hr30min mark!
Thank you Diane Martini Richard!
Thanks for the RT!
lol where'd you go last night?
BEING A GENTLEMEN DOESN'T MEAN UR A PUSSY ......IT GETS U PUSSY
Romney at Daytona: "I love this stuff. I've always been a huge NASDAQ fan."
Brees continuing to show why Rodgers is the man!
"The nerd base controls the internet."
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
goal for today is to build a full product database, with vendor links, prices, images, descriptions, resale price, and.... SMILEY PIES!!!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
The sun is out, the office is empty and I can't stop working. I love it when projects come together, it is looking amazing!
Jk i went to swim for an hour and left because anothr storm came. (:
Hey hey hey!!!!
This friday & saturday are the only things I'm looking forward to at this moment. .
“: #MentionTo someone who makes you smile just by saying good morning to you.”
Just put on my favorite lip gloss, walked outside, and the wind blew my hair into my face
I know the president, I can put in a good word for the Bay Area.
Larry Johnson should check back into the TV commercial game by portraying "GrammarMama" in AP Stylebook ads.
El Anatsui segment. Fascinating work. Using metal, wood, ceramic. "Destruction as prerequisite of new hope."
swear i feel like blowin but im not.
Oops, nevermind, great goal by the Toronto defender on his own net.
See you from 4-7 pm in front of the Pueblo County Courthouse for the Rally!
The Jalapeno and Ham biscuit was simply amazing!
Are you doing any spring cleaning?
Help get him 2 the summit! RT Apparently--for me at any rate--1,200+ followers is Mt. Everest and I'm perpetually at base camp.
Colorado it is
Spend my day in Managua visiting grassroots orgs that battle sexual and gender based violence
RT : Congratulations Denise Barrett! You've won a free online NCLEX Review course! Thanks for stopping by booth 313 at NSNA.
Hope everyone is having a good weekend...
Congrats Eric! DM us your address! wants to mail you a T! RT : Santa #tailgates on Christmas Eve
Did you know Harry Potter books are printed in more than 60 languages? Can you say Hogwart in Lebanese? More from local fans on CBS19
A lack of planning on your part, does not make a crisis for me.
Nobody thinks I'm kool till aftr 5pm... Then my shit ring off the hook!!!!!
your good. You already ate it didnt you.
#Xavier isn't doing a great job playing defense in the paint, but they're doing a great job following Heslip through a barrage of screens.
oh snaps I thought yall went
SAG-AFTRA please keep the plastic membership cards especially if you raise fees annually by 2% AFTRA paper cards reflect a cheap union
where the hell are you? why have i not seen you? what is this madness?
I GUESS!
Go Colts! The Colts take on the Steelers today at Lucas Oil Stadium! Who's heading downtown to help support our team?
my neighbor>> lmao
#Worldshare as an innovation platform. Where have I have heard this before?
lol oh ok that's good how are the pups?
DR. ANDERSON LIVE! ON DVD & CD; visit Classic One Books & Herbs 1425 W. Manchester Ave. LA. CA 90047, 323-750-3592 or www.milliganbooks.com
That's not historically accurate!!
Waited for #comcast for 3 hrs then called and they said they messed up the date. Now we have to resch + they won't waive the service fee!
What iPad apps do you use for education? Need tutorials & info on iMovie on the iPad too. Thanks for helping!
Sorry we missed you guys again in SD. I am finally finished with this semester. Now just a few things to grade. Merry Christmas!
Anyone's life truly lived consists of work, sunshine, exercise, soap, plenty of fresh air, and a happy contented spirit. - Lillie...
DAMN when u gonna com 2 da #EASTCOAST we gotta set chu up an
and we will appear on Reggie Gay TODAY!!! Check us out a 8pm Channel 57!
When people hurl insults at you,attack & question your character,ignore you for a time & then seek you out like nothing happened.
I'm jealous.
great article today about A-Rod. I love when you have the stats to back Elite QB status.
thanks for the video shout Wendy
If I Come Around You Alot & You Make Me Smile I Got a #crushonyou or
If #Bo Ryan could recruit a one and done, instead of a one and I want the hell outta #wiscy he wouldn't be in this situation.
It's got to be Roberto Martinez as next #lfc manager. He has a blinding reputation for keeping clubs in the Premiership.
To Courage Center meeting with occupational therapist to talk about my hand strength with my Inflamatory Myopathy eval then plan I hope.
I have 2 other pages: & , follow me on both
Whoa... #grizznation just went ghost.
The classic mistake. RT Remain in Light CD case doesn't have Remain in Light in it. This road trip is totes fucked.
I'm so not looking forward to school .-.
This week on YOUR SHOW, we are going to discuss Fracking. What questions or comments do you have?
We're finding people from the Indy area to follow, follow us back and say hi!
And now after licking the carpet for any tiny remnants, he's crashing, hard.
BREAKING: 1 Dead &1 hospitalized in apparent Milwaukie murder/suicide. Happened home park. Police on scene
So... we need a team! RT [...] Real Portlanders don't own umbrellas: fact. Baseball cap = Portland brolly.
I am sorry for any problems you may be experiencing, we have networking connection issues, we will update as soon as info is available. ^CS
what're you guys talking about! It's B-e-a-utiful!
Thanks for the mention Amy!
oh. How i dont like winter:) i think i like florida right now at this time of year:)
How do you feel about ? Is Gaga a genius or an outrageous sensationalist looking for attention and pushing an agenda?
RT Lmbo I remember when the whole xxi crew use to work mad extra shifts during the week just so we didn't have work the weekend
mashed with the original actually, this is a highly valued bootleg they will not give out.
Lord grant me the #serenity to accept myself... Especially while shopping for a new swim suit.
u make it last night? Do you cook/grill?
I can let you know a week from Tuesday!
Partner news... RT Beginning 5 p.m. today, is changing its Twitter handle to New name, same reliable services!
Tune in tonight at 8 pm for a special hour-long tournament edition of CrimsonCast Live! Featuring , , and
Look For Me ?♥
Who knows, I need to go to sleep but I just woke up not too long ago
Um Sophia Grace and Rosie's Tea Time on Ellen is AMAZINGLY adorable!
Phao Parent Council meeting is tonight at 6pm in the Overtime area of the Ministries Center. All Parents of 5th-12th graders invited!
i told my little sister about this trend and she was pissed the fuck off
Its really bizarre that has more followers than
Sweet day here ! Lots of great music! We play the FPL stage at 6pm! #Simplified #Sunfest #Reggae, Funk, Roots Rock & Roll!
no es pa tanto ✋ more like watch some locas go loca on a table ;)
Thanks for the RT!
gotta get my tweet groove back. I missed twitter while we were out the ruling real estate world!
Discipleship is anything that causes what is believed in the heart to have demonstrable consequences in our daily lives. - Eugene Peterson
The challenge that most people feel with a #Gemini is that they ‘don’t know who they’re talking to’, since you are so multifaceted.
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 39
Any #cfobjective peeps attending my Automated Testing preso, DM me if you'd like slides and demo code now for a head start.
I'm as bored as a fat kid with a plate of carrots.
Agreed, but the news that it's potentially a two year deal for us makes the news even better.
I can't see why anyone wouldn't love pigeons. They are so silly to watch.
I'm just networking & chillin its not so bad
Advance planning of social media tactics : put your org's Content Calendar up against overall goals & focus.
but i knew it was not going to go over well.. so i hope the rest of the vacation goes well Phx Skateboards
The Annual Red Lion Run Car Show will take place this year on Sunday, July 15th at Anderson Park in Wheat Ridge
he's retarted. That's the only explanation.
I guess you have to be the one to ask questions about #Cain's accuser because if the men did they'd be crucified...
Good night moon
Headed to model fittings #BabyBashBling w/ - excited about models for #BumptheRunway!
I know, it keeps asking to come out but I won't let it. :-/
Last day of #npsg! Speaking today at evolution of smart growth- the SD story.
RT: tickets still available for tomorrow night. SOA PALEYFEST // I already got mine!! THANKS ~ can't wait!!
in the studio mixing today. rock on!!
Don't say: "I know how you feel" or "everything will be ok" or "it was god's will" do say: "I'm so sorry" or "I don't know what to say."
to NOT give john icecream because its his bedtime, right?
watched Charmageddon on Netflix. My #1 "if you liked that you'll like this" recommendation is The Diary of Anne Frank. Wtf? lol
Getting ready to bring in a class from U of C to tour our building. I can't wait to hear what has to say.
Blood is dripping thru my hands.. Tell me, is this what you wanted?
that's it?? Wow. That sucks!
#Furthur this Friday at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium – 7:30pm
we will be at the Verison Center to see next Saturday.
in Brazil we use eggs as pizza topping mixed with onions, olives, veggies, etc. It is called portuguesa flavor.
hope u miss me a little wen Im gone. 4real. have fun w/out me n jeez u seriously wnt ham cussin!! Spare me sum. Lol. ♥♥ u
why did it just say that i wasnt following you??
I love Banaian's view on revenue generation from ONLY the stadium. Craziness. "Super Bowl's seldom generate much revenue". What?
follow me back loosa
The game for autism, resuming next week!! if you havent checked it out, you can @ www.d3xsoft.com or stop by our facebook page and give us a
Its official, i can't listen to music without dancing.
How goes it?
Enjoy better health and a longer life, make an appointment with the expert of your choice today.
u got it fam!
Here going to crash at 11 or so...
Co's,museums,galleries,schools,sports clubs + of US-based tweeters-please contact us to have your co. show, buy or sell MandelaArt prints
Just got a role in a short film. Yay!!
I just guffawed on this bus. And I agree with you.
Congrats on the 2 year deal. I think both you & the are going to surprise a lot of people this year!
You have to pinch hit Felix here, right?
So talented man! HUGE INSPIRATION for our band!
you are welcome.
What do a junkie and a guru have in common?
did u see we are in talks to trade raymond to lakers for guess who steve blake lol he better for then raymond at least : )
I love data & I love targeting but pros need to recognize error/leak potentials & consider impact. cc:
I'm Feeling Sexi and Free♥
Bahaha...sorry not funny...(chuckle) RT : #Brewers released Braddock?!? What a nightmare!
i haven't heard from in 2 days. i hope he has dropped dead from alcohol poisoning =/
Do you have plans this weekend? If they don't involve seeing The Avengers, change them right this instant and go see it. NOW.
Taught a class & presented my PATS Program at the COGIC Leadership Conference in Sacramento, CA. Then Bishop Macklin reached out! Wow!
How the hell did the new cones on the Kennedy bridge get knocked down in less then 24hrs, some jackass just cut us off through the cones.
Ah, got it.
Home is where the bros are. Thank you and for treating me and for our New York-iversary!
My cats are now 19++ years old. They need lots of care. They are doing GREAT with my HealthyPetNet products! www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
ha. can you just send me funny things so i can laugh?
#RelationshipsAre meant to be easy ... Things should just flow, for the most part
just watched finding nemo. "just keep swimming..." me: IN ONE DIRECTION OH MY GAWDDDDD!!! friend: *smacks head*
Alright precalc homework, prepare to be destroyed! #bringiton!
It's not that we don't care, we just know that the fight ain't fair so we keep on waiting on the world to change
Oh desperate housewives..thank you for making me cry my eyes out 😭
less Twitter for Lent or NO Twitter for Lent? Couldn't you just give up dill pickles instead?
2.5 hour nap is exactly what I needed today
Download the free eventbrite app and check in with your phone once you've reached the event and avoid the lines
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. ~ Wayne Dyer
lol cool!!:D
That's our little lady! RT : Perfect. Raining this morning Grace said Chicago is crying cuz they know they're gonna lose
LEBRON didn't just turn the ball over?!!!!!!!!!
Yes lol I was!
Just found out that I get to rescue a flamepoint Siamese on Sunday! Cedric the cat needs a friend.
Happy Easter. Im off to Canada!
next year will be back in the Super Bowl!!! Doing a tap dance on the afc!!!
My biggest worry about the super moon is all those super werewolves.
I don't have any free time ever. I'm a kid I wanna have fun.
Thank you so much! :) Unfortunately, I've tried contacting ALL of those organizations and never received any replies :(
watching the same epilepsy inducing music video over and over while studying for french. brilliant idea? i think so.
Wow the less I drink the less fun it is when I do, fun but not worth the headache lol back to work, Orale a chingarle
Never walk in the footsteps of others, or you won’t leave any of your own.
I am trying to figure out the best way to promote my store on Zazzle. I am just now getting it started with my art designs.
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
No doubt fam! Its time to take over wit da 2 greatest DMV labels! “ shout out #NKE and #WBE all day”
At work.... wondering when I can spend quality time with my favorite future sister
getting ready to hit the road for #sxsw. Austin, Tx here comes the guilt!
Give me your hand gosh dammit
2nite-Plug In & Win a trip to London to see Hard Rock Calling 3-day festival. Register at the door-Free live music w/The Hawkeyes.
love the knife! Great song! Thanks for playing it!
From L.A.! Before we lived in NYC. Now we live in beverly hills. I miss NYC & ma friends. :'(
3-21 huh Kobe best player in the league? I think not!!!
Now let's get him in a #Wild jersey. #ImComingHome MT Zach Parise is back to full speed. Best on ice.
If CA had kept 30% of production jobs lost in the last 14 years, we wouldn't have a budget deficit today. - Bring Hollywood Home Foundation
Car wash time with !!!!
Will it ever stop raining? We have fenders if you need them!
yes. very very yum. red leaf lettuce. thinking about you today. Looking forward to Immersion. Plans all set.
a cop standing in the road flagged us down and the fool in front of me stopped! one cop busted 5 cars with the wave of a hand!
yeah on my way to work
“Trust in Me, Your Lord, with all your heart; and lean not on your own understanding.” - Proverbs 3:5
Jessica Sanchez just did the best cover of Whitney's "I Will Always Love You" EVER on American Idol !!! One of the best singers ever on AI.
u good ?........dont insult me like that joe.....i aint one of dem lame,ass niggas at yo school...save dat for dem
loving student tickets. Seeing Dutoit conduct twice next week!
#incaseyoudidntknow.. I love you. More than anything and more than anyone ever will.
Samuel Jackson needs to let me know what trick he used, to get Siri to work on his iPhone, b/c Siri has never worked on mine!😠
thank you for blessing me with the opportunity to seduce another poor convert and celebrate this devilish moment once again
There's no wifi....? Ok c'mon I gotta be getting punk'd ?
does that mean you take scooby very seriously? Because he starts every word with an "r"
Feeling pretty amped! Get amped up!! woo!
Patsy, thrilling eloquence
Someone needs to tell that I tweet a lot and she is going to have to get use to it if she follows me ;)
After the first period, both the and Oklahoma City are scoreless. Live from the AT&T Center(:
Making myself fat with pizza in celebration of the NY Rangers advancing to the ECF. #LetsGoRangers!
must be the same annoying one I heard earlier
I used to hate going to school in the rain. Now I hate going to work in the rain. Lol
Always good to get that 1st match under my belt: play lousy, yell and scream, throw my racquet a few times. And now I can barely walk. :-)
Free shuttle to all MU and UWM home basketball games. This Saturday also running a shuttle to the Admirals game. Meet
Your life works to the degree you keep your agreements. -Werner Erhardt
Sore as Fuck coming bck from the gym a few minutes ago wit the bro' , this niqka needs to get me the vicks ASAP for mah legs!
when you have a nice hot shower after a long day
With Circle of Sorcerers ready to go to the editor, time to finish up the #Zombie series: A World Forsaken
need some medicine asap
Warming lasagna should take precedence over all those tasks.
RT Bored as FUCK!!! tear up the town;)
I'll be honest. I don't understand the allure of tablets. They're like crossover vehicles.
Smartphones are useful.
so so true!!!
RT : Monday at #LTNY was extremely productive! Uncovered some new vendors for the #DCIG #eDSG #eDiscovery #ECA Buyers Guide
Yakov in. Jeff off.
Itchin' to see dirt. Home Depot is stocking garden supplies. Just need one more good thaw...
A little tipsy there lol
saw you on stage today
Gio was number 8 today on top 10! add it to the list!
haha i gotcha, that is too funny!
Yeah, i learned at track today im not a fast runner...
Newman family double feature tonight, w/ Modern Times (Alfred, 1936) and The Player (Thomas, 1992) - inspiration abounds.
Now learning how #drupal can power facebook apps, shots!
I'm sure you would love it!!! 12MP stills with backside illuminated CMOS sensor as well as 1080/60. Good stuff
no. I'm never blacked out from games. I get Fox sports Florida on TV. But you can use it for nationally televised game blackout
so we're back to DWTS? (Jane Fonda, et al - lol) Yes, I liked They shoot horses. Just watched Maria Menounos dance, Great Tango
Nice! I look forward to your tweets :)
Making someone a priority when they only make you an option gets really old fast.
#VMA You never cease to amaze us.
We'll interrogate data (search logs) not people; hope we'll learn what terms are used to access museum records, which works, etc
Why is it that Halloween candy is enjoyable through November but nibbling on Swedish Fish "eggs" just 3 days after Easter feels kinda wrong?
Had a blessed workout with Salim. Can't wait till tomorrow
I'm at the Celebrating Mom! Craft and Vendor Show until 3pm at Ashton Place, 341 75th Street, Willowbrook, IL. Stop by and check it out!
when u going
Wow, just learning about the devastation in Vermont and New York. That is so terrible. My thoughts are with them.
that's good!
His challenge at the 1/2 yard line was a total momentum killer, QB sneak would work if you run up quick, they knew it
Hmmph, maybe?! 😏 Yes! Of course we must!!!!
Exactly. The reliability of political polling.
Brand New.
Sorry for the friends retweets, I just really love that show
Excited to see you again today. Feel like we could talk for hours comparing our libraries/schools.
Search terms that led people to #ThePublicProfessor website today:racing speeding radar; suzanne sommers; man v food oyster challenge; party
I need to travel somewhere! It's killing me! Even if I go to Wisconsin or something I just need to get away.
Looking forward to checking out your other non-zombie adventures, films & more photography from big bald head.
obsessed with one direction (:
Good day Church with grandma and aunt. Saw musical. Surprised with haci and a cake.
FOLLOW MY BRO FOR THE BEST BEATZ EVA GET YA WEIGHT UP FELLAZ FOLLOW HIM NOW !
Drinking the gatorade that I found yesterday... At the bottom of the pool! #freegatorde!
I only have one grade up right now and it's an a. It can only go downhill from here
- Great news Oscar. It's one day at a time.
Enjoying lunch & missing
May 17 at 3PM ET Twitter Chat Hashtag: #NextGenLearn next-generation computing devices and anytime, anywhere learning in K-12 education.
Allergies. Same shit. Different day.
48 Hour #isagenix cleanse this week. Bring it on!
My best friend knows me too well, brought me a flask full of captain to my bday dinner 😊
It's alright. =) It was time-consuming but I had fun making it
today i felt like a first grader again when was told to go sit in the hall
I feel like i should be hanging out with my mom today...
So clowning! RT : this #what2chainzwouldsay TT has had me dying all day...
Nice work on NM style yesterday!
Pumped show tommorow !
hmm so did I.
Work on Tuesdays is so relaxing, I actually work on maybe 1 or 2 clients at a time....
Amen. I like it when we are all rock stars together. Like Woodstock, but not naked and muddy and stuff.
what are you talking about? You don't need luck. You're Joel-freaking-Goodloe.
thats gonna be me some day...and my name is Ben too :)
I'm not gonna be home for a while. Gonna have to get ahold of
Going to Google Earth just to see your house
I did not think it was possible to fall more in love with you but the video proved me wrong! great stuff!
Again, it might have been changed in the Random House pb release. That's something an editor should have done, at least...
Best sale of the year. W.yeldahgoods.com. everything less than 10 bucks!
Aw is tlkinjg to jasminators! :D
Lakers got whipped by the heat. :( good hustle Kobe. Now time to do some rx3 carb research.
Who's excited that Starbucks has brought back the Pumpkin Spice Latte? Fall is definitely almost here!
Thank you Doug Gottlieb for finally saying the #Badgers are an underrated team in the #sweet16! Can't wait for tomorrow night, #Go Badgers!
just came home from #Balboa #Park....hehehe!
Looking forward to seeing you gentlemen this morning at the #GAAR Annual Meeting.
im trying to figure out how to do this thing still.. sheesh.
Your giant-giant ceramic cat is incredible, but please don't use it as a not-for-sale ploy to lure me into your yard of sales.
We are picking our contest winners now! We will announce the winners soon!
The TNLP guys are about to interview Brent Barry. Any questions?
Btw! For those of you with iphones, itouches, pr ipads NEED to download Draw Something!!! So fun! Username: lyrensiren
got my tan lines back :)))
Omg. Wtf have I gotten myself into
see monster trade of nene going down?
Aw, the husband made me a Valentine's Day card for me to find. Made me cry a bit.
ilove you more
When my parents call me, I automatically think of all the bad things I've done recently.
RT : Our ten year long term impact plan will be announced within an hour!
oh we shall :)
Great presentation for Big Brothers Big Sisters in San Diego at #SLA2012 #SLA12. Huge group here. Find a way to get involved and give.back
Going to have the best day ever today. Greatness comes from within.
Thanks for checking us out!
Tony Parker has 27 points and Tim Duncan has 17. The Spurs beat the Jazz 102-90 to take a 3-0 lead in the series.
You're right, Tego. Folks do luv #drama. Lot of other players got #power, too.
not too big. About 3 inches from leg to leg
Schamp: This problem is not specifically this board's fault.
RT : Q2 What is difference btw Achievement Gap and Passion Gap
R.I.P. Bert Schneider
Wishing all religiously inclined who look to heavens for spiritual solace happy festivities
I think they're using "talent" in the "hey, I'm a creeper" sense.
Listening to Cousin Brucie on SiriusXM. He is a class act.
Support Unity Day tomorrow. Wear your orange! Put and End to bullying.
Goin to bed listeing to my favorite song of TVD #florence and the machine-Never Let Me Go
she died by his hand twice
I need to go to another concert like NOW UGH
"Like resignation to the end. Always the end"
Threatened but not actually shot.
he's swimming... YES!
that's because big money corporations do not care about people. They are only concerned with shareholders and stock prices.
I hope all of you moms out there have a lovely day tomorrow and feel cherished and appreciated all year long!
Considering that I have to leave this house at the god-forsaken hour of five in the morning, I should probably go to bed...
Thanks for hanging with me at the end of the night. Youre a trip...
I Live 1 Hour Away From There:)) Bakersfield, Cali!!
I'm glad the ballroom filled up. For a while there poor looked so lonely.
Woke up with the fragile rock theme in my head... Wipe your cares away... Down at fragile rock!
Everyday is feeling like a routine. Same hustle & same grind.
Our Broward launch issue is almost full, Call Today to Advertise!!!! 305-238-2973 or contact:
is it even possible to hate you??(:
Another great day at #360365-starting off with kids shorts, Gone to Earth, followed by "Conversation w/ Julie Taymor & Jack Garner
do people say that?
sweetheart, you're still ugly & have no friends.
I always feel terrible when my sisters are upset, I feel like I should do something to help, but I don't know what. /:
Red hair/Red tie:Another clue Hey 40 y/o white guys,don't tuck your polo into your dad jeans. Makes you look like a serial killer
(2/2) s, I would love to surprise him. He deserves it.
Also known as the
Why can't it be Friday Yet!!!!!
And as far as you let us!
haha of course I do (:
My dad liked to say, "Our economy is a lot like this family. It's weak and full of very angry people." Dad was kind of an asshole.
Follow me! Is an Hot account related to Porn!;P
the same ppl as usual Big D said he was tryna hoop at the AC tho
and don't fake that u love cause everyone knows it fake jerk no is jealous and u know what if u call your fans b words u ri
Wow...this night is dragging on. So sleepy...wish I wasn't at work
Omg the littler mermaid is so inappriate #arrielle did u know that in the book she dies
NEWS FLASH! just booked another slot on March 31st at 9:30pm. www.inrareformcomedy.com for more deets.
Watson will change our future forever. Amazing work IBM
I am doing very good. Just trying to keep cool. It's a hot one today, and stay inside too. NATO junk this weekend.
*in best William Shatner voice* Oh, nothing, at, all, my, friend ;-)
Can't stand lies, and especially cannot stand obvious lying.
Since I'm up I'm bout to have a lil talk with GOD
My good mate Adrian and I had golden times back in our music class last year lol
RT : Heat Index around 100 degress - High HEAT ADVISORY in DC - DC F&EMS call volume is moderate to heavy - DC Hospitals are busy
Let's rock it: tonite 8p The Comedy Store (Main Room) for a fundraiser show-proceeds go to suicide prevention
#JoeyDiamondFact "secret" was that he has a Shakeweight ;)
Pierce Brosnan joining The Coup
The first interracial kiss on network television was on an episode of Star Trek in 1968- InSpotter app
The Ghosts of
Totally not work... Never making any money because you spend it all. {sigh} I still love it. cc:
will let Adam Smith's invisible hand molest your children.
RT - Chelsea and New England Patriots today. Tough assignments for the Patriots trip to the 2 and 1 Raiders, I don't...
Who gave Beastie Boys a License to Ill?? The rhymes hit my ear like a Brass Monkey & the beats wouldn't let me Sleep Till Brooklyn!
i think i might have to see this queen latifah/ dolly parton movie.
uh oh what happened?
Preparing to teach the first two episodes of #Ulysses tomorrow, then off to Buffalo for
OMG its snowing!!!
Great! Have fun! RT : Last minute changes: I'm pulling out the razzle dazzle & covering the #HHAwards tonight 4 !
Today is the last day to order your #FactoryOfSadness t-shirt to recieve your order by 12/25!
wow, #ManCITY...WHAT A COMEBACK!
yeah I will now :)
FOLLOW DA HOTTEST NIGGA IN DA GAME ON DA TRACKS !!!! LETS GO!!!
Thanks for the nice words (blush). When do you head to New Zealand? I'm back in SanFran mid-January; maybe catch up?
Looks great! Is that a second bass drum off to the right?
76ers better beat the celtics tonight ❤💙❤💙
If you want to learn about GarageBand for iOS and get some free Apple swag, you should come by the bookstore during free hour!
While listening 2 Obama speech (just pick 1), take a sip of wine every time he says "I" & U'll be drunk by the time he finishes.
!! When do you get back/defrost?
30 minutes of break goes by so quick. 30 minutes of work does not. -.-
Had to educate myself on BB Creams just now. I swear I saw 50 commericals for different brands this weekend. Will have to try it out....
I sing, their song #LikeWhoa, in my wii, (Sing It) i saw your sweet sixteen party yesterday on MTV ;)
would you say they are de-rezzing it?
A different sort of festival mood in NY tonight RT Gorgeous joyous day capped by cops beating and mass arresting people
Don't be stuck up.
thanks Mike! Same to you! Know MK well! Had many a good night there in the new city!
Yo can you pls play Where Have You Been by Rihanna?
Babysitting is a real challenge..
Recorded it? Like on VHS? :') All old skool style! I wanna see your list, I wanna see, I wanna see! :D Wickity Wild!
I gothu bay ;)
its not you..FB is acting up again.... and can't log on either right now..
On the Couch watching #GameofThrones with
Happy birthday thanks for the (I had the carrot)
I didn't get in trouble.
Hahaha I love yawl.. ;)
LAWD WHY DA DEVIL KEEP TRYNA STEAL MY JOY?
Tired... Gonna watch Scrubs and be a lazy bum.
Only thing about Joyner is size. Which is bs cause he is a monster regardless of size
Happy Valentine's Day! Today we announce the availability of creative arts therapies for patients of UMDNJ-University Hospital
#TrueBlood - "I wanna do bad things to you."
Thanks for the congrats, good lady! :D
nO *LAUGHS* i like u
RT : Entitlement shouldnt be viewed as solely negative, it has its positive moments
in the words of max mosely ive had a hectic few days but i can assure you its got nothing to do with nazis
Countdown to graduation is ON!!
Only 2.5 more weeks! but whose counting right?
Just got a beautiful surprise, a bouquet of roses.
:-p Aren't you supposed to be appearing for spontaneous lunch again soon?
what about this delay? If they can call it on Hextall in 87 playoffs they can call it now - yeay for some consistency from refs
awwh & babygap have such cute jeans. I lived how they looked on madison. Jacob is already 12lbs.
BEDROOM SET $ 795.- Q bed+Dresser+Mirror+1 n/stand EVERTHING MUST GO !!! up to 65% of!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Proud To Be On Team Bieber
i wanna visit england so bad.
might be listening to ION Interactive webinar about "Post-Click Seo for Greater Online Marketing ROI".
I love Taylor :)
lmao, oh i get it :)
Wow, , your wait music is making my ears bleed.
Decent spot. RT : LB Emmanuel Acho drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the 6th round of the 2012 NFL Draft.
!!,RT I HAVE NO ROOM FOR FAILURE.......I HAVE NO ROOM FOR BS ....I ONLY GOT ROOM FOR SUCCESS
me either! But im happy i got tickets!!!!:D
Just promoted to shift supervisor at starbucks and I have my place rented out! Let the cash start coming in!
I treat every night like I run with the owls
Headset for home, office, mobile or combo?
I thought Dwight was going to travel there
Man I'm passing out. Good night lovers
I do too!
I think my eyes are deceiving me. I just read that is coming to Des Moines. Maybe i need glasses. Surely i didn't see that..
Happy Valentine's Day from Tess Kirsch Acting!<3
Only a handful of tickets left for , sponsored by Starbucks and 5-Hour Energy. Yawngazer!
lol, i'm so excited to be working with you again!!
Well that sucks! We can still do Cedar Point though :)
where are people watching the Rugby 6 nations in the Los Angeles area???
Wayy too hot for a run
Food Fact of the Day: May 17, 1985 Record Chinook salmon, caught with rod and reel weighed over 97 pounds and was in Alaska.
nice. Let me know if you ever need some advice, one of my favorite clients is an ENT dr at children's! He's awesome!
That was u I saw playing in the grass earlier! STOP THAT. Lol Glad u found ur keys. :)
Give it up for the #Minnesota girl - #TeamJordis has got some pipes!
wth goin on with this vid of a lady doing a horse on fb
omg. yalls tweets just made me cry.
“: Happy Mother day! Hope u enjoy.” Awe thank you hun !!!!
I'm scared. Just read my horoscope, and it said "duck."
Thank you work for giving me an hour to get to my house from school, change, eat and some how magically make it on time.... O.o
love to hear it! Anna's Merlot is my favorite new red wine on the list
Can't believe it's May already!?! Hmph.
well I guess it all "depends"
oh I know but again if u read my tweet it said "after" you lol now I know all females round here da same
keep from going under by mase and puffdaddy
Lol, I'm referring to females
Every day is Mother's Day to me. I am so grateful to have a loving, caring, non-psycho loving mother. Mum wins "best mum award" each year!
“: Tornado hit just north of home. We are safe. Another round on its way.” where did it hit?
you're not brycurious?
Welcome to APCO! is tops in my book
no. Because u wont get under a squat rack
The best way to appreciate something is to be without it for awhile.
Out of skewl in the studio. Nothing really to do but listen to Instrumentals.
Feels like my whole world is falling apart and no one to talk to...
RT : Someone text me :)
So Honduras, Mexico thru to Olympics from CONCACAF. Worth noting: Their managers have 10+ years of pro experience. One coached a World Cup.
Preperation h wants to thank for steady buisness
Wish I was at home chillin watching out the window . Sipping on my coffee. But reality check , money
You have to pronounce "bones" as two syllables to make the rhyme work, but it's funnier that way.
jst got my hair braided and it hurts :-(((
Home from school
RT : Triple culture day! w/Totó la Momposina and M. Ward later!
Janis is driving now by the way. Not texting and driving on no sleep
please go follow shes amazing:)
Did you Know... Americans use 85,000,000 tons of paper a year; about 680 pounds per person.
INVASION getting ready to pitch a new TV Show!!!
Obvious Malfunction At Corporate.
2 extra days of Christmas break
I wish! I'm actually packing up a storm-- moving this weekend AND working three full shifts. YIKES.
There are two kinds of #yards which we can differentiate in every home
Neither are my ears ; )
Let Boston Know how it works out!
Just watched the Kony 2012 movie. Great job guys. Very funny. Keep up the good work.
Thx 4 all of your retweets favorites and mentions !
When ACA passed, someone joked we should just ask Anthony Kennedy what he thinks right now and get it over with. And here we are.
Sure--loss of vision, innovation, & beauty. Like yr show said, not easy to track, though. Invisible. So people don't care.
I hope so :) RT : OKC gone win it all mane.
China slowdown is just a blip It was inevitable, right? China was too hot not to cool down. And this country's once-torrid auto market, w
that had to be a comedian using sarcasm
Get Ready world the will premiere our teaser! S/O to &
hey we got to set up a day for our staff to go on your Pedal Tavern!
When I was a kid, people used to say "You can buy any Elektra record. Everything on Elektra Records is good." -->
Meatloaf? ZING. Seriously, though, just make a Pandora station based on The XX.
i need wendys
Pretty sure med school is teaching my gf how to human centipede....
Congratulations and Crush Management! Job well done today, many thanks for the support and overall success for #NYFamilyDay!
": If two people are meant to be together, they will eventually find their ways back into eachothers arms, no matter what."
I'm thinking I might need to know your mom. Is she a soccer-head, too? Have her check us out
naw I like Pusey
Our Divine Lord said to St. Mechtilde: When you awake in the morning, let your first act be to salute My Heart, and to offer Me your own.
Thanks for all the love on my Birthday!!!
Where are we on rain delay status? This works out great since I can't watch the game at the moment.
nope im gettin tomorrow
“: "Bacon wrapped shrimp... That's my #1 favorite food wrapped around my #3 favorite food." - Ron Swanson”
Thanks! That seems to be the current favorite amongst us as well.
it's the price I was willing to pay.
Are u guys ready for the christian party of the year for more info 30502007249
lucky i can't even move to pee
The Rapture is this weekend? I should have a party.
Apple targets Instagram and Facebook by including new photo-sharing and video features for iOS 6
Aww my followers haven't budged 😞
Feels like I've been carrying barrels of hooch. Back is still hurting.
Come swim sometime. RT : I want 's pink pool.
I am a bohemian in my heart & genes, but I don't often show it.
A double murder suspect busted at the Canadian border is now back in the Bay State
And we loved the green team!
God asks no man whether he'll accept life. That is not the choice. You need to take it. The only question is how.
Haha keep drawing! ur good at it and yep good ol netflix
one map has measles, the other has a rash? -- Though really - nice work
Had fun rocking out with Awake! Awake! and Between The Trees last night at 527! :-)
one of you should bring me some candy!!
well played
My legs hurt..
um one word: Braces
yeah :) hangout soon??
so what's up?:)
Relevant info that can help you in the next big storm. & team up to find out if the cities is #stormready. Starts tomorrow.
There is something creepy in my apartment or I've entirely lost all of my sane mind. Hoping for the latter.
nope ;p
afternoon man, have a great day!
#overthesummer I forgot the boy who doesn't care about me
They are coming 2 ft.Wanye Ind I told them I knew you& asked for free tickets they said I'd have to pay double .
sorry I though they where chocolate buttons
don't lie. You liked you are welcome
#mysuperpower is environmentally sustainable print jobs; that will successfully impact your market.
Non-traditional Miso soup with jalapenos...and mesclun salad with chicken. Then...a long nap!
you did see #confessiontime is trending...? ;) Remember, lycopene in tomatoes is good for you.
": Not included in my Indiana hate are..." my inlaws live there but its OK for you to hate them
Fine. I trust you... Don't let me down.
sweet photo!
who whispered?
oh no the fuck you're not.
away from smacking her across the face with my math book. but then I was like, "be calm. the Boyz wouldn't like this." so I sat down and
We are living in a world today where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons.
Just wow. Terrible game winner, :29 to go.
Is twitter officially ready to explode?
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday!
Officially found my dream job! #WGSN probs switching to business with 2 minors now, Journalism and apparel!
Welcome to our friends over
Got two iPads, one online and one at the #sxsw popup store. Just needed one so I used eBay. Buyer paid $160 more of what I paid!
215k in the $$$ of west palm main.
‘Abdu'l-Bahá is giving a second talk at the LaSalle Hotel.
We must take a stand at this critical moment and seize the opportunity to make a CHANGE. DISTRICT 2, This is Our time! I hope you all...
Hope everyone is having a fabulous day!!
hahhah wow, coolest story i ever heard!!! 
That looks really interesting. keeping an eye out for that.
didn't see this till now. I didn't know you were a mountain biker? We hit up some trails over by Menomonee River Parkway.
Join us for a community celebration of the State Center Economic Inclusion Plan on Sat July 9 at 11:00am Eutaw &MLK.
True. But you can walk between Gallery Place and Metro Center faster no matter what it costs.
either is fine your eyes transcend the frames.
is live
i kno but i aint never seen it so i cant believe it. We gotta get into some shit together. Its time since we arent coworkers now
Have you found a hotel yet? We'd love to have you stay with us. We are directly across the street from the convention center.
totes agree.
I'd like to attend/work at SXSW. I am a trained monkey in trade showing - I can stand and talk for hours. Msg me if you'd like to hire me.
It dont make sense if it dont make money .
#GameofThrones Let's go. Maybe I'll even finish the 4th book tonight too...
After tomorrows Bootcamp don't forget to hang around and go through the foam rolling class!
I will follow :D
New Benny today at the Ballpark!Del Mar Lump crab,asparagus,lemon vin on a corn griddle cake,eggs,cream cheese hollandaise & romesco sauce!!
I endorsed April Jackson on , "your professional profile on Facebook"
Great question re: cats in tubs! What's the deal?
Should have gone lefty sooner. Apparently shoulder pain doesn't vanish if you just ignore it. Who knew?! Baristas & pitchers. That's who.
ant let em take u out ur element RT : #Libras won't water down their classy nurture for your trashy demeanor. Class > Trash.
Lol waiting for it bro “: yall got degrees. av= last of a dying breed. Come may, they gone be be yelling”
Thanks for the RTs, mentions!
to help avoid muscle injuries, start slowly and gradually increase intensity within your workout
join guard.
Reprts of broadcast news demise are greatly exaggeratd. Web is supplemnt 2 broadcast #Ifill Creates transparency, not competition
I agree with Zak. I feel there's so much more to lose by _not_ taking a stand.
Are you guys working at La Fitness Expo? I'll be at Vitargo Sun
": Guy just kicked a ball from the pitch OVER THE ROOF at Yeah, He kicked it OVER THE ROOF." WOW! WOW! WOW!
After ONE GAME, too.
This is the official start of the #BobKnighted movement
OH: Legalize pot and our economy will BEAST
Naw not this weekend, in a couple weeks I will be. Are you?
ThMrUKno:”The Bible is a divine comedy in both the high and the low sense of the word comedy.” (Jack Miles) Yep to that.
9a should not be sleeping in for me
no he wasnt. he did a lot
I want to make sure that you 2 are talking, there is some good synergy there...
somebody got too tell the truth
Lol okay enough. I'm sure non of y'all care. But I'm just so whiny today, gosh
Where do I send my application to be part of Christopher Plummer's "Agents Provocateurs"? Because I'm guessing that's a pretty sweet gig.
Whew! I'm glad to hea---z
I'm truly impressed.
Hey!!!! Champagne & Chickenheadz!!
I carry my TAP card in my wallet because I unapologetically love Los Angeles.
The boss says we have to give the date & time of our GIVEAWAY! So WE WILL BE DOING A #GIVEAWAY tomorrow at 1pm EST LOOK FOR OUR TWEET TO RT!
im ready for wrestling...
Stiglitz interview, (..reminded of 1950s saying from where? Money is like manure - you have to spread it around.)
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man ~ Paulo Coelho
Haha it just has a small list of some people's tweets under his tweet and I'm one of them!
I hate when people don't answer their Dang phones!
Just wanna go home! I hate work lol
lmao yeas I was looking at this pic the other day hahahahaha
Well that was pretty cool.
Make DIPTHONG!! The word of the day ;) for tmar
Me too, which prob means we are only seeing HUGE companies and those that spend on SEO
thanks for the #ff! you too.
Going 2 sleep now, gotta make dis early money tomorrow
Damn my dad is so smart :p
Wait when Cindy says birthday card...which one was she talking about
Thank you for following Singing Stone Gallery & Studio in Ybor City Tampa, Florida. Visit our website at SingingStoneOnline.Com or Facebook.
Just had to let it out.
that'd be great! Just let us know!
Gonna have my babygurl today,goin downtown
*psst* A vote for LaFollette is a vote for Barrett. Sorry. Love the guy, but he's not going to be in the running.
Ok so what apps shod I get with my new IPhone?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 93
Looking forward to this Sat. w/ our new keyboardist, Rob! Sorry, this is a private event, but come see him at our Money Plays, gig July 9th
Also, eBook PDF we provide displays perfectly on smartphone screen! Great companion to (not replacement for) physical book.
first day living on the east side and finding parking makes me want to kill myself already.
that's a true statement!
You guys are idiots if you think that was really the senior prank.. Lol
thanks so much for coming! xo
Having one of those L A Z Y days.
I've seen friends turn haters...
My orthodontist is a sadist!
i want em!
ME YOU AND <3
Went to the Grammy Museum for music of the 50s to 70s in LA & FIDM to see costumes from this year's movies. (Clothes from Thor are amazing)
What is YOUR spring cleaning? Are you ready to let go? "Spring Fling" yoga workshop this SUN 4/15, 1:30-3:30, $25
Rest of jazz band at #kchonors is Jimmy Heath,Benny Golson,Joe Lovano,Ravi Coltrane and Roy Hargrove. Yeah, I'd say that's a solid band!
At any given moment you the power to say: "This is not how the story is going to end...''
I want this dress so bad 😣 but I have no occasion to wear it to 😒
On twitter on the iPad it's so cool lollx
Echoed from The Irish Inn at Glen Echo via : Nothing like a mid day black and tan
From a NYT article: "(Mr. Waters’s Provincetown home was five blocks from Mailer’s.)"
I like how people act surprised about the Wall St. Journal news on the P&L District. I've been writing about it for years. The Pitch, too.
that is you. All the way.
can you text me?? (:
I know but j found a bigger area :)
not with any management at the moment
Happy birthday to a wonderful Samaritan Ministry friend and volunteer, Bill Flanders!
awww!! Congrats Chaz! That's so cute!!! Lol... Even though you don't know who I am lol
my ass starts shaking when my depends get full
A painting in a museum hears more ridiculous opinions than anything else in the world.- Edmond de Goncourt
and even though we won't be using any of her eggs, she would be thrilled to know I'm going through with this
#howtopleaseahoodrat white guy talking black
RT We are giving away 32GB Zune HDs tomorrow at 12pm PDT. You must be following to #WinWin7, so follow now and RT it!
Ernie Grunfeld reportedly coming back...wow, didn't see that coming AT ALL
I hear ya
All those schools that werent there for 16 hours probably saw the exhausted cp kids and thought we couldn't hang
Tired. starting another 48 tomorrow hope everyone has fun and stays safe this weekend
oh is that what facial hair is for? I thought it was the accident of being lazy...tomato potato I guess
Exceptional readings by Joy Castro, Ann Fisher-Wirth, and Michael Kardos this afternoon.
Great team meeting tonight!
It's a Hot one Today !
Be Tight and Follow me!(: #YounggMoney<3
what you flipping?
Getting ready to head to Rural Retreat, VA!!! So stoked!!
driving to iowa hey! just passed northern illinois university
WOW! How dumb are we? What's wrong with people and their #AWFUL English on #Twitter? Do they realize how unintelligent they sound?
Happy Birthday <3
1 more week I will finish this internship, then I will have two weeks to enjoy summer before school starts! this is the busiest summer ever
I wished weekends were long weeks were shorter
On Fox News right now: "This is crazeh, why is ta governmaynt tryna tax my soda n beer?!" Because of 300 pound obese f***s like you.
The gotye skit was amazing
If u r what u eat, what r u now? What change can u make to be a better u?
yes so true
you're a GREAT cheerleader! Thanks for all the shout outs :)
Oh cool! It was so much fun, just have a lot of energy and positive attitude. That's the key, you'll have a blast!
Always glad to see the work of one of our researchers highlighted, since most know SI for exhibits, not research.
Driving by myself and can't help but laugh out loud while listening to So funny.
S/O to TOPFLIGHT!! Yall did the damn thang tonight!! I love my TOPFLIGHT fam!!!
Speaking of which, I wasn't called on before the conference call ended, supposedly "with no questions left." I smell conspiracy!
The crazy apple does not fall far from the crazy apple tree.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU PLEASE XO
I just ate a whole bunch of candy.
The interactive #worldcom instant polling tool is really cool!
Me and My manager had a Smokin' time at the casino and at Fight Night! Thanks
I've moved to Denver, the Mile High City, does that mean I'm a member of The Mile High Club?
Inspirational moment from KCMinistry, "And in all things,whatsoever u shall ask in PRAYER, believing, u shall RECEIVE it"..Matt21:22
Watched GANDHI for the first time. It has everything I hate about biopics and everything I love about epics rolled together. Conflicted.
Everyone else should envy you right now.
Guess I should announce myself whenever I come over house lol she called me a creeper one too many times
6. When you see the Someday display, go and talk to the cutout like a normal person. Then hug it.
what is dm
Nick or Madison
Love yourself today. :)
The worst pain a parent could ever imagine; to loose a child.
depends on schedule at work!
diggin the kicks rotation
Whatsup with that hurling article!
Stress & suck must go away! You've got a book to read, after all. The world must acknowledge your priorities.
Get a walk-up ticket for tonight's The Grimacchio Hour for $5 with password "Use the Field, Luke!"
There truly is no place like home!
how early are you guys planning on getting to school tomorrow?
today? In in Portland, Ore. for a coffee conference. Would love to make a drink for both of you soon! Stop by next Sat.
Hump day
sometimes it's tough being the smartest person in the room. knows what I'm talking about.
Being a father to my family and a husband is to me much more important than what I did in the business.
and ya we have more songs than when you saw us at our 1st show.. just wrote one a week ago and we love it! come out soon :p
you are welcome anytime
How does that taste, Konrad?
Mistake tweet
haha nothing much except today was my last Friday of school for this year..(:
haha ok u tell him tht. Ill stand behind u and listen
. Ms.kellog's class
"Only the best Follower can Lead" Richard M. Killian
Will kids be attending a summer camp or stay at home with you?
lol its cradle robber awww u are a baby :)
but doesnt knowing you look good = confidence?
soul mates, y/y?
No doubt. Thought there'd be a 12-5 upset between Bone Thugs and Eminem. Surprised to see I was wrong.
Having the smell of you on me when I go home :)
You work third shift, huh? In that case: good morning@
HAHAHAH AWWW! :) well really guys plzz follow! <<<<<<< and thanks!
A eagle can't fly around a bunch of turkeys which one are you.
Bookmobiles are NOT running today. Sorry folks!
Merry Christmas Eve!! In need of a tasty beer? We're open today from noon-6 pm... So come see us:)
fucking funny - i read recently that cursing is an alpha move, which makes sense as many bosses like to say shit
That awkward eye contact with somebody who used to mean the world to you
doing well…enjoying MD I see? go Caps! hah
Happy Friday! Thanks for the Friends #FF mention! Have a great weekend!
#Lexusparty at #motorcity was absolutely fabulous. Props !
Go Louisville, go bebe!!
would you have made those kind of throws?
is there another service to use like PP that isn't PP?
I forgot I wanted to get the logo on the back cover of the mix tape. I been so busy with stuff man. Damn! I'll put it on the side
hopes newsroom decision makers soon put the kibosh on Casey Anthony coverage.
Well wishes to my opposition...
I want a female thats a freak in the sheets gimmi yo all!
Our next Undergrad Term (8 weeks) beings on Monday! With our online model, students still have time to enroll! 1-617-603-6942
I would love to own one of these
At some point..we gotta me me happy too..
Happy valentines Day tweepsters!
3 more hours until the show...CBS 48 Hrs Mystery: Facebook Detectives...don't miss it!
Out in #harrisburg 4 a few more hrs
See you today at 1pm for TempleFest. Learn more about SCT Study Away programs! You can find Lezlie & Toya on deck waiting to chat with you.
Thanks much for the RT's. Hope you have a fab weekend. Should be lots better for biking than last Sunday was!!! :)
I ended up at Ardeo. Rabbit bolognese. Love Beck too!
Don't worry, we'll be sending you an e-mail in a month to make sure you were sure about unsubscribing!
Thanks for the #follow Tatiyana :)
Sure--always happy to share our #CCSS plan and resources.
a fellow software vampire. We work at night. Bwaahaahaa! 💀
I NEED SLEEP >:O
That's awesome!!!
(shrug) Bernardine Dohrn and Bill Ayers were all about black people murdering whites. It's nothing new for libs.
I hear ya girl. About to go get me some coffee to make this countdown
I get a warm fuzzy feeling every time I cross Keehner Ave in Roseville. It's part of my family's history.
idk family from NY r coming
thank you Maria!
REHEARSAL WAS GREAT TONIGHT!!!
Deal! I have to finish the new Radio Enso site & at least START building a new photo site, which is LONG overdue!
u're welcome :)
What song is stuck in your head today?
Guilty... I bought another box and already finished the other one yesterday :( #toogood haha
I c u
I feel like I'm at the kkids choice awards with the flying blimp
Rewatching this year's show.
