Listening to the cure with my mom, odds are my mom is cooler than yours.
MY FAVORITE SNACK OF THE DAY! Organic Baked Tofu – marinated & ready to eat (). 2 peices – each piece 160cals,5g fat, 15g carbs,…
mid April will be our first test with it-
The top 10 people documented to have lived the longest were women
I have an uncle who lives in boulder creek. It's nice there too.
what's up dood? we're brainstorming some hip-hop shows - maybe west coast? let's talk about collab.
The Social Media Landacape: Understanding & Using it w/ #wfx live now
im watching also...this game was actually my first as a fan...13 long years ago..im 21 now.
Never seen someone so anti-nfl. Can't figure it out.
TS Lee has decided that 5 MPH wasn't slow enough. Now he just wants to hang out and not move at all. Laziest tropical storm ever.
aint no $$$ in retail...i like $$$ to much, gotta switch gears
me to but its cold n wet so i think ima just gone wear my gray jeans n sum type of shirt
Larry Scott on original programming for networks: "Are we going to have permission from the viewer to see how far we can go beyond sports?"
The study abroad fair is almost here! Come out to the Union Green on Wednesday to learn about our programs & enter to win awesome prizes!
"Admins...feared a scenario where "non-affiliates" would mix with students and bring with them a wicked brew of sex, drugs, and violence."
LOL fuck school! I was not looking forward to Segals class today aha.
thats your anthem now?
it's freaking hard. That's why I get so pissed!! Hoes.
Remember: when bitching about downtown traffic, you & car next to you are likely driving <1 mile to your destination. It's your fault.
lol big fail!
Aww thanks & I'm wishing u much success always :) RT : Also appreciate for the continued support as well
Baylor "Highlighters" are long and athletic.
hahaha swag! And thanks for what you said to me at the gym
- Did I write "ant"? I meant "aunt"!
Senator Glenn: "... at times, a plain flat out truck"... which allowed us to build the space station.
Spring is definitely here! How did you enjoy the 70-degree weather this weekend?
I was just on my way there when E decided to take a nap.
OFFICIAL GOODMORNING TWEET~ Mornin'! :) off to school looking pretty. I can tell its gonna be a great day!
Cleaning and packing al day..excited but right now
Providing smartphone support for
it sounds like one of those hobbies that can be taken as far as the bank account will allow :)
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)2
I think i saw hands down the finest woman in the world today
What I want 4 Xmas.. that be home with his family
Just think of how proud your mom is of you and how much you've accomplished <3 she loves you :)
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 18
not at all. I know karate.
thanks for soda.
aww, thank you!
No longer going to use twitter?
I am thankful for my wonderful friends and fans in Japan! I'm so lucky and grateful for ur support! x
I knew you'd love it :)
thanks for the homie. U killed it at the show. U got mad talent
Yes. I'm thinking I do want to see the Basel Ballet perform a very hot version of "Romeo Et Juliette" tonight.
Just a little under the weather at the moment - changing the channel...I haven't watched since Kelly Clarkson :D
Being on the Water Taxi dock today is not going to leave me very warm and fuzzy.
Serving Golden Wing & Cut Throat ! Fundraiser and food trucks
#idol - Joshua sstarted nicely and kept the sreaming to a minnimum. Pretty decent job overall.
And still haven't found a dress ... I'm failing bad, acting like I don't leave on Thursday
Thanks, lovely!
First day of 5th grade for my son. Another year of school :-)
GOOD MORNING!!!!<3<3<3RT : I love you! Good morning!!
over the hill..
Good morning :]
When I think of drug cartels, Wil Wheaton is always the first thing that pops into my mind.
Thanks for the Backstage Article retweet! I have a book in my "mind". Wanna help me write it?
Considering his tremendous foreign policy record, would David Petraeus be a viable Veep consideration for Mitt Romney?
Watching Alex and Austin on Youtube!!
cant wait for knock madness!
Marketing is what you do when your product is no good
Life is like Twitter. You just have to Tweet what you feel, Retweet the good memories, Delete the drama and Follow your dreams.”
We like that one too! We're teaching the wobble tonight!
i myself worry that the media isn't doing enough to turn my kids into mindless consumers
Had a fun filled day yesterday for the 4th, feel like I got beat up, body is aching, too old for this drinking thing!
in town for #FOSS4GNA?
7 more days. Just 7 more days.
K got it figured out twitter sent me email telling me to change pw... They're on top of their shit
sounds marvelous, enjoy!
So im starting to think, mabey its not my job to be happy... Ive been put here just to make other ppl happy
Cops are already stationed around Yale Park!
Owl Paws <3
If you click the drop-down menu, do document options not appear? What browser are you using?
lost 4 pounds since her last weigh-in!
Makes us feel Loved.
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine." Anthony J. D'Angelo
ikr! I'm still shivering
Thanks for supporting #BookPeopleUnite!
who wants to get me those 12s playoffs?!
Shout out for me being a fan of ! Bro's gotta support another bro! 👍😏
I SAW WHEN HE THREW UP IN THE GARBAGE. ME AND EMPREY WERE LIKE OMG LETS TAKE PICS! LOL.
shitty! I dropped mine in the toilet a month ago. I will say if you replace it, go to the apple store. It's about $200
i think my family is more two-faced then my school...and thats saying something.
Do or die
I thought we just trimmed "a local newspaper that's an arm of the Republican Party" for space considerations, no?
also because of the student #loans going on the books to make the #banks look better than they are?
USA's Community Acceptance Program Launched the CAMPAIGN to Release 10% of the Millions of Humans Locked-Up.
when a good thing goes bad, its not the end of the world. its just the end of a world.
Great! looking forward to seeing you there, & finally meeting you in person. Looking forward to your perspective on the book.
Niggaz is bitches too...
Great show! Both episodes were fantastic!
UGH I'm not even waiting for Sticks N' Stones to come out in the US I just wanna get everything off youtube & download it to my ipod
what's up? U kicking ass in bowling?
So hard watching Kansas beat our third string in silence on this bus. Proud of #RoysBoys & always proud to be a Tar Heel!
You were born to #win, but to be a #winner, you must #plan to win, #prepare to win, and expect to win - #Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
Looks like Gobbler Heaven to me!
Light is the center of #design. We take light & manipulate it in ways that shape our understanding of continuity, space, contour, & value.
Not too much right now...you??
Singers and players alike appreciate being given cues. Assisting them in this area frees them to concentrate on other important things.
Smelling like a lopsided Rangers win.
I was in band with Callista. MT Newt suspended his campaign today, powering down Callista and putting her in sleep mode.
should have MORE twitter followers, so follow him! films have been seen by 150MM+ viewers
Humble-bragging about outgrowing Raymond Carver should be punished with Prometheus liver pecking
good vibes and prayers your way, mister.
Proud owner of an unused vagina. Lol
so happy your next single is #Ours <3 (: that song is completely my boyfriend and I. <3
Like Continental Airline's new campaign in Grand Central. Good taglines. But will it make u fly CO?
it's going to be elite hockey free box courtesy of panini
At least Phi Phi kept her wig on while lip syncing.
Baby Jay Z
No I'm thinking Thursday. Will let you know. And thanks for the reminder about the show!
Recommended by Susan Metros: Composing a Life by Mary Catherine Bateson 3 of 3
Next up on stage is the instrumental surf rock group Tsunami of Sound at Church rock club. Come on down and get your bronze on!
YES! A vote for #oneunion #sagaftra IS the way to move forward with strength and unity. Thanks for spreading the word!
who does that awesome dog belong to? So cute!
On my way to LA...bring me some sun!!!
i did pls shout out me pls!
Pretty successful day with
is tweeting A LOT today. And I'm completely okay with that. <3
Well this is not good. Not good at all. Hope you're doing better.
what channel?
Thanks for the fundraiser last night. You guys are awesome!
One week until we're at Oregon v. LSU, ESPN Game Day and the return of to DFW (with less snow this time).
So excited for you!
Healthy Cooking with Quinoa: Quinoa is a traditional Native American food which has lately come back in fashion to eat due to its nat...
Feeling a little wind blown after an outdoor meeting. Great weather in ATL today. Dreaming of the beach.
I know ... knows how to do it right
so I gotta ask.... You got a booty? Old gnr
Playing tonight with at with and Orlando le Fleming. 10pm, 2sets. come or watch online!
Congrats on winning Pudsey is so cute!!!!!!!!
I've been waiting on for 20mins... #storyofmylife #husbands :)
Too bad. Hope our paths will cross sometime soon.
Guess we wait another 365+ days to see #therollingstones? Bummer!
#Pens fan, that's why, lol
Wayne Balik haha I can't wait Barry! Was your last name Miles? I can't remember!
go embalm the whole state
It seems that there is a presumption of innocence on way and danger another. More investigation is needed.
I wish I was in Australia right now.. #nitrocircuslive!
We aren't going to tell anyone and see what they say after they try them.
lol drugging kids ... Shame on you
#20thingsaboutme 1. I'm scared of the dentist!
Happy St. Patricks Day! Come celebrate at Losers!
RT : Now let's pressure TED into releasing my TED talk about how to properly create peanut butter & jelly sandwiches.
Great idea take my Spring Break beach runs from the sand into the water. I'll keep runs solo & do w/o the fish, though, lol.
#ff I'ma start with us. Follow Such a good decision.
Oh I know right...I ran 6 miles yesterday, and I'm feeling it this morning...
Great luck to all of you who are auditioning this week and next!
They no, they no, that the real is on my side, ride with me! Iamjustspitting!
Playing the Chop House tonight in Pasadena, solo piano, 6:30.
"You can't evict an idea whose time had come." OWS on the eviction
Happy Fittness Day!!!!! WORK OUT!!!
love you too Hurleyy
Had 14 girls at our home 4 daughters b day - never heard so much noise. That is 1/2 of a typical class - how do teachers do it? No idea.
The man who is always talking about being a gentleman, never is one.
Come on, Brewers, I need cheering up. Could really use a win tonight!!!
It's been 4 weeks since I started Latisse and my lashes are already longer! I only have to put two strokes of mascara on now!
hiya. We're in front of Jack Wills. x
I think we may have now created a too friendly nature habitat in our yard :)
"Let the forfeit be nominated for an equal pound of your fair flesh"
love u guys!!! Just wanted to say :) 💘
oh, definitely on board for this trip. marimekko here we come!
yes, typical Wolves! Really something needs to be done! Players have packed it in for the season & owners don't have a clue!
Happy Veterans Day everybody! Have a GREAT weekend!
I love Jamie too! I wish they would do a story line with him and a girl.....
I'm sure we'll see it on TV soon. It's too good to stay hidden. . .
well you can talk to this hot guy with no line babe ;)
Tweet about the show tonight with the hash tag
Lol! RT : “: Ugly on the inside, ugly on the out! #KillYourself Hater! (Do it right this time, lmao!)”
Ill be Tio Izzy lol RT : Im going to be the God Mother!!!
RT : “: The struggle is real.” The Mayans may be on to something lol>>>lol
tf it is , for all that you coulda brought a doggy purse I was all scared like who does that What if your dog started barking
Congrats to former Scobee Principal Kathy Gorsche, who has been appointed principal of Los Reyes ES. The new school opens Aug 2012.
Quote: "He can have heart, he can hit harder and he can be stronger, but there's no fighter smarter than me." —Floyd Mayweather Jr.
Follow me please. Follow me please.
Going through studio withdrawal!!! :/
NEW MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!WHILE SUPPLIES LAST 12-4PM
great meeting you yesterday. Thanks for coordinating the happy hour and bringing so many ICT4Ders together!
" Your tongue can be your own enemy. "
If I smile at you too much mid conversation its because I didn't hear a word you said, but I hope its funny.
ive been voting for the past hour and yall still havent followed me...yall dont even see my tweets #cryinginthebathroom :'(
Back at work for a half day before heading to Punta Cana to watch my parents renew their wedding vows.
Thanks for stopping by for dinner last night! Hope your weekend is excellent!
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com..........
Reading restrictive covenants and by-laws. Ahh the beauties of being the attorney of a homeowner's association.
Great night for warm, soulful live music at with from 7:30-8:15 followed by Joe Moe & Tom Melancon.
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
have you taken a shot with ?
Agreed. Chiobani has ruined all other yogurts for me
Wow MT : Podimetrics: Designed bathmat that scans feet of person standing on it, ID's ulcers b4 they're visible
Really thinking about going to the lake front TONIGHT
Man, I'm thankful for the Lord's present calling on my life. Church, job, city community group. What grace He has poured out on my life..
Today's #WSJ has a number of worthwhile articles on the European financial crisis. Begin with, “How a Radical Greek Rescue Plan Fell Short”
How long does this horrible sinus thing last? It's been 2 weeks of misery.
The Lord God is the SUN & the shield.
Power hour, my worst hour every minute feels like eternity, ready to go watch the game at Hard Rock! Then off to Washington, HOME!!!!
Thank you for following us. NES Financial is looking forward to potential business opportunity with International Referral
I can't believe that I paid $3.08 for a Mrs. Field's ice cream cookie sandwich.
I am in ready to bring in ya bday now !! Lol
Looking forward to #AORN12. Visit Stanley InnerSpace at booth 4511. Exhibit hall opens Mon at 5 pm!
Sadly RT Libraries do design like this:Include everything! Emphasize nothing! Add more advanced options! Fill up ALL the space!
"Hawaii is a former leper colony on top of an active volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed. Mahalo for nothing, Hawaii"
#1 mom/pop arthouse film house; #2 getting a multipurpose hotel from (or Hotel Belmont) in town
Plz Grab Ur History Books Or Go on Google to Learn about ur Past So U can Understand where your Future is headed..
im sry but y r they all bout chris brown she is over it nd its done
Thanks for ending the conversation. I can listen to the game tomorrow night VS watching on mute.
Oh you are lovely! Thank you... but really, your super talented children are the ones to watch! :)
I followed back :)
Need to borrow a Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter for a new unibody macbook pro - can someone at #sundance help us out??
au revoir spring break!
pretty good.
when his mouth is closed.
Im in #TheCastle #Effortless Work
Our new favorite neighbor is - thanks for the deliciousness!
Meryl Streep was def stunning in her younger years but still seems to be amazing at what she does! Love her.
don't disagree but they like Randle and Hill better
For one of my classes I have to go to a wine tasting at a winery... Who wants to come? It'll be fun ;)
I wonder if the forefathers celebrated America's birth with some sort of eating contest. Probably wood chips or ball bearings or something.
its on right now! Lol
#NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Career Building- presented by George Washington University
Ive told you twice already! RT : I'm sick of these dark circles under my eyes. I look like I have two black eyes!
You know your morning dog walk was successful when your dog is crashed out on the couch unaffected by the smell of bacon being cooked.
I'm waiting outside the MD House Ways and Means Committee room.. Members are talking about gambling expansion-- PG facility and table games
#FF ::: Need beats, graphcs, studio time, mixtape covers? GO FOLLOW>>>
people are misinterpreting mike's post. it's not so much about being classy as it about being noticeable/marketable.
No, not really. After all, the results are based on the votes of readers globally.
r u really shure or r u shure for real
thank you!
shit bitch fuck up I miss u bitch.
Lol i love that every time we get drunk, i call "judbroiu" now hahaha
And now comes with the RTs. One of my favorite bits on twitter!
Just because someone makes you feel like you're the only one doesn't always mean you're the only one.
Happy Earthday! A gorgeous weather pattern here in Portland, OR! No complaints!
Franco Moretti class coming up & need several absurdly baroque projects drawn from graphs, maps, trees.
this time I wasn't eavesdropping, was chatting right along with them. So fun!
We hope so too!
just watched never say never :') its just so...so.. omfg.. :'D
#MyNextBoo will be HOT
If a wiki can be yanked by the wishes of an administrator or two, how does the wiki-ness hold any value over the long term?
I hate it when my phone has like 76% left and all I wanna do is go to sleep!
love the pictures! Love adidas more!
Break legs!! :) RT : I feel so honored by all the love my agency is giving me today. I LOVE BLOC! So honored.
Left eye cut, getting hammered, Gil Garcia still coming forward.
People always say i want. Well if you want you can work hard and get it. Me i want to meet 1d. I am going to try to meet them in 2013
Coming in 2nd place Silver is Eric's Double Czec Imperial Pils & in 3rd with the Bronze Medal is Mike's Cool Breeze Extra Pale. Great job!
Closing Time!
I don't see people!
I think not, particularly if there's scotch in the picture. *cheers*
We all feel like the only one for us is either , , or one of the .... Ik I do .
Hahah posing alert. "!" <- Metal Gear Solid and srs, they dont? Must be a Logan thing. C: *shrugs*
When do you get your braces off?
NO!!!!!!!!! RT : Mariano Rivera, head bowed and teary-eyed, says he does not know if he will pitch again.
FEATURE-Afghanistan, West hope farming will crush Taliban, poppy lure
Yeah, he made a classic and memorable character with Goober.
ringringring! Hi Danierra!! Thanks so much for following!! Have a great Friday!!
Thanks to and for leads on neighborhood and city level #digitaldivide!
don't. Sadly, The Sitter it's an awful movie. I can't believe got to be in such crap. I still like him, but...
I'm already calling it will be Super Bowl MVP.
Looks wonderful, although I suspect parking's a bear.
Thanks for retweeting! We are excited to be holding #STEM12 with you!
My BF's a SAS fan but loves Blake Griffin & doesn't know which side of the fence 2B on rt now LOL. U live N AUSTRALIA?
God has a purpose for your Pain, a reason for your Struggles, and a reward for your Faithfulness!
Make each day the best day! Neulympics field day at St. John Neumann School tomorrow. Remember the sunblock & H20 - it will be great! :-)
Said that ab a month ago and got chewed out.
"Prevention costs are only .6percent of county budget. Dismantle safety nets and you'll leave people without options"
It may be time to graduate the Padowan!
did Dexter get hurt?
With Perkins back in the lineup the Celtics did to the Lakers what they would've done in Game 7 last year. Go Celtics!!
First 100 people to The Bakken on Saturday - Green Energy Day - will receive a coupon for a FREE bowl at Noodles!
Sounds like Brittany...
Shout-out to that dad for shootin two turkeys today
�All great changes are preceded by chaos.� This one is so true (By Deepak Chopra)
You're a F U C K I N G IDIOT if you believe that. Why don't you leave America, Its clear you hate it. BTY F U C K YOU. Moron.
I was wondering if you could hook a sista up ?!? And if we could get together soon (:
Giants, Patriots, Ravens, Niners
Cosign!!! or my socks
Great stuff man.. JUCO Assistants play such a key role in the academic success of their athletes. You're big time!
I know it made me smile. I'm like omg frankie TWEETED bout my cousin. But I'm still worried
radical materialist poetics :: slow composing of care :: muchness :: but not world hoarding :: incompleteness and the little oases en route
I believe in the power of Prayer...
what do you hear about Drogba to LA?
I'm going to bed..... now. I know WHAT I'm going to do with my Prezis, just don't have the energy to do it tonight.
Baking with shortening really grosses me out. M... Trans fats...
Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
New UPS commercial: driver delivers 100,000 "Duke 2012 Final Four" t-shirts to the needy in Uganda.
m, me gusta
Looking forward to #usdla2012! Who else?
Thats not attractive at all.. Stop trying to impress me I have a boyfriend...
If that's the case, then I assume thinks Philip Humberto is the best pitcher in
In what, debate? RT Is Georgetown ranked 6?
“ Love is nothing without action, Trust is nothing without proof, and Sorry is nothing without change”
Morning all... #happysunday everyone😄☀
I'll hopefully get it to you by tomorrow. I hope its not too late.
That's right - you earned it! Congratulations! RT: so excited to be a part of hard work pays off
Needy ass bxtches “: I want frozen yogurt”
Coffee soon? Wanna hear about the biz
Just one week to go! The hottest event in Winston, Nov. 3 @ SECCA. FREE opening of "Out of Fashion." Food, music, cash bar.
Battled to find WiFi connection for the past 24 hours while traveling... how I wish I had you already
Listening to Boom Boom Box.. Luv that song!
I'm sorry
- welcome to the Twittersphere! We'll figure it out together.
Just so you guys know, y'all got real weird in your replies to my #guacamole tweets last night. Real weird.
Given the dramatic note that lots of West Wing episodes end on, the extremely jaunty end credits music is hilariously jarring.
Np Rick Ross- rich forever
Getting ready to head to the hearing for former dance instructor DJ Jaynes. Let's see how this goes.
we need something that aggregates the "daily deals" that are now out there... between groupon and local media i have at least 12!
The ol' drag across the ground on your belly, arms flailing scare. Blargh.
Right. Next season, we finally Meet the Mother.
it means NOW FOLLOWING
THE golden rule... "Treat others as you would expect 2 b treated"<-this is absolutely vital 2 b an effective coach & most important! Agree?
HAHAHAHA maybe like a tad prettier and a few pounds lighter
need 4 four more MVPs and a chip added to his name
I TRY EVERYNIGHT AND UP UNTIL 11:11 HOPING U WILL FOLLOW ME SO MAKE WISH COME TRUE AND PLEASE FOLLOW ME TONIGHT UR AMAZING <33
meant to say O my gosh is the best ever but he was just so taken aback by my awsomeness to finish the sentence.
Also today, Leslie Bonci is here to share her new book with us! Stay tuned!
you know you're truly easily entertained when...
I have more followers today than I had on Friday - I have you to thank!
RT if you wanna play! ♥
It's like I want to get up and make food...but that means getting up and making food...ever feel this lazy???
When's the app coming to the amazon app store? Now that libraries have a "partnership" w/Amazon it's expected.
Us too! We went to orientation yesterday!
tweeting you in school
never could :)
My life just got very interesting. I just hope it continues
tell Mohamed fozia to call me asap
this is bullshit!
i have #swaggé ;)
#Pens have lost their cool and likely the series if they dont create a miracle
Do you know if the game will be replayed later today or tonight?
Don't worry #Indiana punter. You will get MANY more opportunities this game.
I... Hate.... You.... Why can't I come to your FN graduation??
I'm praying that God will allow me to have the focus to work on my own projects this year.
Can I just fast forward to a time when I am not in school? Nah, enjoy life as it comes.
I've never been so happy to be under my two comforters before
one more espresso...
Today in bizarre follows: a bike shop in a city I've never been to, thousands of miles from anywhere I've ever lived.
Doonby looks awesome! Can't wait to see it!
“ Former Dolphins S Yeremiah Bell is scheduled to visit the Chiefs on Wednesday.”
Beyond stoked to see Conan in May!
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 22:05 with Nike+ GPS.
I wonder how many bitches at #UK are bustin it open for the National Champs...one lucky girl gon have a unibrow baby lmao
Happy 18th Birthday <3 I love you! Hope you have a wonderful day!!!:*
. just found some of her really old CDs and is reminiscing of her days as a rapper.
My favorite bible verse is Romans 3:23-26
im fucked wore the wrong gear today
+ So find your other half and have a good time.
sun would def help with instability...you have sunshine?
Guess who got certified to coach today...
hot damn. should i wear my good shirt?
working on today!!! WOOOT or as they say
whichever is easier to get to...I think ohio city would be good
Getting settled in at Forrester Marketing Forum - looking forward to gaining & sharing some insights
I don't do funny business, not interested in fakers.... Don't want no paper gangster!
that show killed it
Time to finally watch Moneyball.
SO ARE YOU COMING, OR NOT?!
The beginning of the day I was border line insanity.... That lines been crossed..
That's been obvious for quite some time with that particular writer.
And leaked a new cogniac is coming out for a famous rapper.....hov ;)
Looking for 5 people that want to get healthy with me...A group of us are locking arms and helping each other...I lost 12 lbs in 8 days, my…
just TRY to extract me from Brooklyn generally and this futon specifically sometime in the next week
Please Hear this! You don't have Jesus is you dont have him all the way! Dont put christ in one tweet and then curse in the next Hypocrisy
No problem and thanks!
So many thanks for the #FF love. Wishing you a great CO weekend. xo
Thanks for following cutie :)
Someone just make my day !!! ^_^
once you get that done maybe you'll need an oil change. We come to you for a change!
If you have not checked out album chasing the reds then you really need 2 click on itunes store & own "Skyscrapers" NYCsteez
ALL republican candidates should be lined up for a lobotomy. Then we can get on with 2012!
if you stick a q-tip in your ear make sure it has that cotton bit on the end
Google+ needs groups--my eduMOOC circle is not your eduMOOC circle
Our Advanced English Class starts at 4:30pm. Practice your English skills in a fun, friendly environment!
RT : LBJ once mispronounced 'hors d'oeuvres' as 'whore doves.' ... Let's make that a thing, ok?
ha that too son.
I thought we were talking about Mitt Romney?
Back in class
Pre-mastered tracks are up and playing on adamevoving.com! Give em a listen and let us know your thoughts.
True, that is a considerable downside. Hm.
it will soon be a reality...22 days!
RT : Off to meet Jim Duffy at 3pm. Heard great things from and Sir Tom Hunter....
Just about to give my "Future of Libraries" presentation
what? Where are you?
Don't forget 2 eat a healthy breakfast to jumpstart your day. It will energize your body & mind to face the challenges that lie ahead.
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much....
Yeah so I really really really hate the beastie boys but 47 is way too young. So RIP
Flying tortilla? Wasn't he one of Shaun White's snowboarding teammates?
Once, but it was a long, long time ago...
Wouldn't agreement to pay that rate require the signing of a contract?
Good Snowy Morning! On today's show: weird baby dreams, comfort foods, winter makeup tips and a FREE trip! See you at 9!
That's awesome to hear Roger! A huge thank you for sharing the music! Glad your friends enjoyed it. Blessings :)
when will you return
get off netflix dog, i need to get my #TheOffice fix on.
girl I'll be home after work
A plotless drama starring people in rabbit suits, how is it that I have never seen David Lynch's _Rabbits_?
yes you do! You're like already in debt. Hahaha
how old IS he?
Did anyone else watching that Chris Paul / Gasol exchange think: Bambi vs Godzilla?
I'll chalk it up to autocorrect not knowing mediocre 90s basketball players.
Watching MC the Charlotte's Wings charity event at the Royal Park. He's the best.
does anybody know what time practice is tomorrow?
You can't defend this action by Josh Beckett. I love the Sox, but he and our other pitchers are showing no accountability.
Thank God I'm Fresh.
Spinach salad and tortellini & zucchini soup for lunch...sad that its soup weather in May, but healthy and delicious is a great combination!
Breakin out the country music
oh yeah He does need too be on her show xD
Awesome! ....What is it?
i'm terrified of the possibility of one of my pedophile friends on facebook showing up at my work and stalking me. -_-
Holy smokes what a night on #thevoice I'd SO hate making those decisions...What amazing talent!
Just washed all my clothes in the bathtub by hand and then had to hang dry them. Italy get washers and dryers that work
I miss u to
That's really awesome! You seem to making a name for your self and your comic these days ^^
I walk with a limp~
So informed us that he "built" his daughters bed over the weekend all by himself.
After the first, the Bulls lead the Pacers 36-25 while the Magic are dominating the Hawks at the half...58-35
#Foundersday convocation at Clark Atlanta University.
#RT IF YOU ARE SINGLE AND LOVING IT !!!!!
When you cry .. your tears are washing my eyes
cathy. is. a. worm.
trade jones you will get more for him. Driver is more reliable and a team leader on offense
thanks for the ReTweet
U can kidnap my style but I can promise u I'll never pay da ransom
I guess I can say I am a boy belieber! When I went to church today Iw as working with 4th-6th grade and they were dissing on JB
True that: RT Had a "what the hell am I doing here" moment 2 days into classes. Doesn't bode well for the rest of the semester.
Free adios and a double up in craps. Why yes I did. I love breaktime.
Thoughts and prayers for my fellow Australians as Cyclone Yasi approaches.
Why is #chopped the most awesome show on tv to me
BUZZ a teen novel set in South Texas will transport you to a whole new world Buy it at www.indigotreepublishing.com
Christine in the City, Adam & Steve, Grey Gardens, Sex & the City Movie...Where is Malcom Gets now?
TRAFFIC: Crash is Clear - WB Belt @ Todd Drive. Delays remain
Just dropped my fiancé off to head outta town for the weekend. :=/
I mean took a nap
about to get on the rattler
U got it bad <3
I think we need to take El Paso's "can do" attitude to Washington.
I never blame a female for a dude actions!
Interrupted paper writing so the thesis group could do a google+ hangout with -- best decision this week.
Should I change my icon back?? Idk about this one.
Thinking about going back to sleep for a little bit, it may seem weird, but working to 330am again will take a lot out of me
I stop and ask myself every day: "Is Mischa Barton Flashing Too Much Side Boob?"
I don't know about you, but I don't think God intended on you SHOVING your religion down my throat...
email is all wacked out homi, check the soundcloud and let me know which ones you like, ill enable downloading on them for you
sheeiit. Didn't realize it was that close.
I'm outside your house at the mailbox😳
kiss me, i'm indian?
now theyre saying no
even better is oh father. May be one of the deepest hip hop songs ever. Stays in my rotation
Great point! RT : I am convinced that the way we teach will have a greater impact than what we teach.
Not sure that qualifies as valiant by anyone other than Pecoraro.
My #fridayreads: Outrageous Acts and Everyday Rebellions by Gloria Steinem. On my to-read list forever; loving it.
#Agencies, diversify your sales training. RT : Solve Your Toughest Sales Situations, 4/20 Seminar in Troy
Soo. Much. School.):
aha glad you like it, truth be told not made by me!
It's so good! We love it.
yes it will be, thanks for sharing!
No! I don't have your money, quit calling me!
anything going on tonight ?
You may not always be able to trust the person you love, but you can always love the person you trust.
Thanks #cmh airport for the constant reminders that this is a smoke free facility. what is this, 1989??
yep, not playing as in doing a show though. Just riding the rides and such!
"Sold, I'm Ever open ears and open eyes - Wake up to your starboard bride." ::bon iver::calgary::
MAC's Face+Body Foundation is amazing as well but I'm having trouble finding a good match for my skin tone in that one
It's time to watch asap for breaking Rivera coverage
Who doesn't, get in line. hehe :)
I'm hanging with my baby cousin, you hoes
Been writing lyrics for about a good 2 and a half hours, almost done& probably will record it within a week or two. #Waiting for Green light
"The power of the word is real whether or not you are conscious of it. Your own words are the bricks and mortar of the dreams you want to...
#packernation R U ready for some football!!!!!!!!!
Have a great weekend, #Cleveland!
lol...yes yes. I'm like you now haha.
Delish, really impressed with Cafe Benelux. Hopefully be back soon.
LS 1426 Inc is enjoying Will Downing and Najee what a Mother's Day Gift. Yes! I love my boys. Thanks again.
Love you :>
Singing.. I don't mind giving God the praise I don't mind giving God the praise I don't mind giving God the praise..giving God the praise..
Yea right lol RT : probably never ha
I really do hate driving
A Friends marathon it is!
I look for usage information in man pages first. When it's not there I guess how the software works. When that fails I read the man page.
My instagram name is horrible.
Spotted: Jared Padelecki at Hula Hut
yeah we have a good thing going with Decadent. We are essentially the city park on the Esplanade. Mostly quiet but.. :-)
#replacemovienameswithbacon Never Say Bacon.
Jagimo! The mobile social network that plays like a game.
Hi Rick
her smile iz flawless az fuk omgee i love a woman's smile -SELF'MADE
we are lurching in the Kickstarter room! Join us and we will seek food
This book has got to be the stupidest thing I've ever read. How a screenwriting book can suck this hard blows my mind.
my pleasure!!!!
Naysayers always hate truth #golions RT People are hating that I said the Lions have more swag now than Packers on
LOL RT : Is it weird that I'm a San Antonio native but I avoid Fiesta like the plague.
Austin bound for the 4th yr in a row to #sxsw. Ready to revel in the techie for a bit :) Can't wait to share new tech w/ my followers
I can easily not give a fuck.
Snow's falling fairly heavily here at
my thoughts exactly! Do you happen to know if he's been working on anything with Dance Gavin Dance?
support issues for two hours = unproductive lunch
Weather.com predictions for Fri/Sat/Sun: "Landscape lightning," "Disaster on the road," "Deadly car heat." Seems excessively dire.
- thanks for the follow
Stand up straight and love yourself there is no one on this planet that is better than you
I seem to have attracted some California followers who think I'm from Capitola,CA. Sorry to disappoint. Capitola is my name and I'm from NY!
Thanks, understood. Allbest, J.
I got moves like Jagger....well sort of....
It's coon hunting season!
Great weekend. Shame to see it go.
Last night I was on that tip. Im talkin 100 rounds
Going to see with my dad tonight!
April 12th INVITES YOU OUT TO THE NEW AND HOTTEST COLLEGE NITE CLUB AT "ENDLESS MUSIC NITECLUB" SO OPEN YA TWITTER APP ...
Wait, who will become what? Is this a trick question? RT Memories make us who we are. Dreams make us who will become.
Despite everything that's happened to you within the last couple of years, you came back with a come back, music. I adore you.
any idea when it's coming?
Holy rain in Centex. Dust off the
Watching an episode of The Green Hornet where the bad guys are watching an episode of the '60's Batman show on TV. Awesome.
#Writing is its own reward.
Slick rick
excited for tonight (:
took a couple years in HS and one semester in college but not nearly enough retention...translator app on phone helps!
“ Nobody ever pays me in gum!!!”awwwweeee lmaoo
m...doesn't an ice cold Mike-arita sound delicious tonight?! We've got 'em! You're welcome...
Enjoyed some eggs & bacon for breakfast :)
Not a happy camper about the Facebook Timeline changes for Pages. BAD news for effective social media marketing & list building. Argh!!
Good Night! :D
Saying "AH" in front of the fan to hear your robot voice.
why did the 34 bus (bus #2073) take off from forest hills take off with literally a line of ppl outside the door?
5 Rules For Choosing Your Online Dating Photos [EXPERT]
Totally read that TT as #HomophobesForObama not
RT if you think its really H.O.T
Writing a remix to I Want with know the usual haha.
YouTube Tuesday on BGP- Promote your YouTube Video for $50.00 to 170,000+ subscribers. e-Mail for more info
Just as long as it's not lamprey pie!
Or, Syrian or British accents. UNF.
I do too... indeed, what power!
isnt it obvious by now that the only ones whom still back PrincessJames are the hanger-ons
About to show Milwaukee how we party. PBR 40oz. Tailgate begins in 4 hours.
Black Swan has permanently ruined nail clipping forever.
I'm sure there will be plenty of those! Thanks so much!
Reading your tweet about me made my day <3
You're not obligated to tip anything. (But if you do, you're an extra-awesome Zipster.)
There is a dude on the train that looks just like (and as creepy as)
U are bigger... But no where as big as me.
Yes! A little too daunting for me.
So the Fake Geek Girls article was pretty lame, but I'm afraid most of the responses are also fairly poor.
She say she twerkin' it for daddy.
Wichita! You?
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them. - Aristotle Onassis
ahahah how'd you know....? de nada
the guy with the black trunks!
Done with all accounting for the semester. Great feeling
Anytime. He got the high five, I made sure of it. Pleasure meeting you :D
Do you know anybody? We are looking for a temporary Archivist for a 4 week project in Chicago, IL. Candidates must be willing to work 10pm …
S/O to you killed that Adele cover...
lol cuz the owner son took over day to day operations n he think he know everything
Were looking 4 ENT Professionals who r interested n being apart of our IN THE MIX ATL host committee. Email
Thank you!
Gila River Casino will match all pledge dollars for the next 3 minutes - call now 602-277-3003
Tonight after 10 pm, we've got Nite Owl specials. Stop in late for a great way to finish your evening!
Well... Now I dont know what Im gonna watch on Sunday nights.... :P
Rudy said that he used all of the negative that people said about him and the team for motivation! Show the haters!
I freaking love him... lol
nice look@ wingsonaplane
Some kids don't realize how stupid they look
Have you hugged your children today or told someone you love them lately?
Happy Halloween!
where is you family? I thought they were coming to stay?
So excited to record in july!
guess we should propose a talk together eh.
hahah u never know? Lol. He goes to Sam?
(AP) -- Officials: Suspect held in killings of 5 in San Francisco was ordered removed from US in 2006
Correia was one lucky SOB that inning. I got a bad feeling about this one...
Beliebers Have Swag
Brandi, thanks so VERY much for the RETWEET! All best to you in your book ministry.
hey sweetie! I sent you an email from ! Hope to hear from you precious!! Good luck with everything!!
Happy Halloween Every One!!!
"I need a scotch. Not scotch tape"
why are you doing sponsor crap now?!
Men need to be in service to women. The life force.
Last day for this weeks awesome deal!5000-4x6 Two-sided full color Fliers@ $185.00!Call me I will be answering phones all day!
I told friends I don't want to be a bitter old man.
'i'm just going to go back to work, put on my headphones, and zone out to bounty killer for the rest of the day.'
I'm SO glad that you enjoyed the show!!!!
Oh my goodness! Thank you so much! :]
Vonny keep texting slow and I'm going to fall asleep.
So am I. won't be able to make it this time. #newbaby :
-Shutting out the world the best way possible.
This will insure you the best possible scalp area to stop hair loss and ensure the best healtiest hair you can produce.
Lithium Networks will provide you with great IT support and networking/server management.
Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs :)
RT : Spring 2012 could be the best for real estate in years. Thinking about buying a home? would like to talk to you.
a bitch ova here rolling off of #happy feet
What's the best cheese steak close to #acrl2011 ?
yup I'm just that good
Well at least you're not on TV all the time or anything...btw, hope your TriCaster made it to Canada in one piece!
RIP Donna Summer!
It's my pleasure. I'm excited to see you on the show!
Happy Monday to the most recent tweeters on our feed -
Good morning every one and god bless...
A high tech scriptorium will be featured at our exhibition, allowing visitors to examine the scrolls more closely, via touch-screen kiosks.
Sounds like you are determined to be an #NBA apologist. Refs determined the outcome of the game. Stats R 4 Losers.
well ya know how we roll #VampireLife !
Swollen hands and swollen feet, this can't be good
Food Court next Sunday.... let's hang out together...
one for the newsroom, one for me.
o really?
Locking down new partners. Business looks strong right now.
Wildness n class wit
Jenn Herrera from just read Green Eggs and Ham to the Kids...they loved it!
And here we go with the political debate!
The idea of a trip is both exciting and yet almost throws me into a bit of a panic...
OH OK CRACKIN?
I guess more profoundly the phrase should go. "Do not allow those things that, by nature, destroy to destroy your nature."
I'd accept space-cowboy.
Thanks for the help and we appreciate all you do for
I am no #ManU fan. Can't stand 'em. But if they and #MCFC tied at end of regular season, why goals tiebreaker, and not playoff?
restart did help, thanks!
I'm like a statue Stuck staring right at you You got me frozen in my tracks.
redesign is going to take some getting used to - the narrow middle column (shows up a lot in news-heavy sites) is hard to track
Feasting on fresh manna with Perry Stone.
I think I missed the first tweet. Who isn't kidding about what? Obvs Kate and I are kidding about everything.
Lol i don't like this :)
Snow days R just as fun as adult as they were when kid. Spending Xtra time on #animationmentor assignment
I could not have asked for a more relaxing evening after this day. Sitting on my porch, with nature, reading.
I am so tired. Tired of talking. Tired of listening. Tired of lies, excuses. Tired of games. Tired of waiting. I am looking for BRAVERY!
At the Brookland metro station with team members to promote my platforms. Real Experience. Real Commitment. Real Results.
#publishinginnuendo RT : I always appreciate a friend helping me finish off a manuscript.
Oh.. Is that it? I knew it had to be something like that. Thanks!
Crap! crap again!
The concern is that over-consumption turns into total immersion. It is impt to maintain time to interact and assist social dev.
why yhu leave me at work alone ! :(
plllzzz follow me I been waiting fir mad long now :-(
we can't wait to shoot you and Briggs! :)
How did your race go?
So Right, So True. Thanks for a great day driving back from YPO.
I've totally had that happen before too!
What will MITT ROMNEY'S movie be named? It could be called TOP 501 WAYS TO GET BUSTED ON YOUTUBE OR BY THE MEDIA WITHOUT HAMBURGER HELPER.
i love my best friends! on dat note.. good night!
Going to get my glasssesss. (:
lol, thanks! ;) free this week for some girl chat time?
I love you babe n.n
According 2 FOX, all Veterans deserve highest respect we can give; except Dr Ron Paul, a genuine Patriot of the 20th degree, who is rejected
yea one of the best I've seen in a while, it's gonna be tough for the dark knight to top that. Did u like it?
OK jokes on me, right? RT : I'm hearing from multiple sources that the #Redskins have agreed to terms with FA-WR Eddie Royal.
We Wish u luck! RT : thanks for following. hopefully my #nonprofit can get it's feet off of the ground soon
Why are some #USF players missing the emblem on their jersey's?
Omigosh.. is right--poor little forced-to-protest baby wearing a sinner tee shirt. Curiouser and curiouser.
It looks to be a fire hose.
What about me Steve? What are your plans for Milwaukee?
!!! RT : Why are those with private social media some of the nosiest people on social media? Never understood that.
Pulp Fiction
hornbook = cliffs notes for law students. :)
Yep. That's just what I was thinking, a custom jquery slider with parallax. Fun to see the creativity fly back and forth.
Why we don't get along?---->He's a skittle and I'm a dark cloud.......sh*t don't mix
Remembering Mike Ward - Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen Remembering Mike Ward Tucson Citizen by Andy Morales on Jan. 07, 2012, under Sports
hell yea cowboys!!!
where u working girl?
you guys on lunch break now, when does chad go on?
Already am! haha :)
I saw it, how sexual O.o lol
wow! Thanks!!
hey Tyler, thanks for the message I'm sure no one is saying bad things about us. How could they we are doing awesome things!
hey follow back?
Terrific show at Crackers in BRip kicking off in one hour. is your headliner and features! Ladies in free w/rsvp!
Justin did not tweet that 'i have to move on' tweet last weekend if the Forbes interview was last week and it says Selena is his gf in it.
better yet what does it smell like under that week old pizza dough of a belly.
Omg. Leave me the fuck alone!!!
With all the 's tweets about police and fire activity I've seen recently, it's a wonder I'm still alive.
on the road all day for work... putting he miles on the Suzuki!
I'm at Adobo this Friday night come and enjoy music on their patio with friends and cold beverages
Doing Shakespeare with the dog. He was my Brutus, and doing very well. Until he sat on me. Brutus would never sit on Portia. Bad Brutus!
Life would be great if I didn't have to rely on anyone else
it was fantabulous! I sent you a picture!
I am moving out to Waukesha in June! So not far, just not Milwaukee
I find something else to hate soon! Not to worry! RT : I'm gonna miss the #embracethehate Lol
really! I'll believe it after I watch mad men
bacon explosion + superbowl = unspeakable joy
Yes for
Ha. I'll take that bet, assclown.
He thinks i'm weird because I have a thing of smelling his armpit always 😉😌😚
is so so cute in the movie karate kid!!
RT : #sixmilesofhistory are putting on one classy presentation. So proud of the cool digitization work they are doing
How can that be? Didn't the kids *just* head back to school?! RT : - I know, it's almost Halloween!
I'm great! How have you been? :)
baseball fan nation, hells yeah...
i'm sick :( make it better?
i just got home and i called u bakk
This is the first year in 3 years that I won't be with for prom!!:(
God the iclightmango mango taste so much better with Then
Agreed. We all knew the series was going to be a dogfight. RT We split 1-1 in St. Louis. I'm fine with that
i think i have a feeling i know what you got in mind....... haha
My last tweet: examples of good data but bad representation. Heed the warnings!
Tonight, come on down for dinner and enjoy great holiday big band jazz with Andy Stobie and the Greater Finger Lakes Jazz Orchestra.8:00pm!
Driving and I'm speeding
i had it for playstation.....still got it actually RT : Anybody had WCW Mayhem for Nintendo 64?
Me too. I can't wait for the awesomeness! : I am really excited about the face lift is gonna give my blog! :)
find yourself, before you find someone else.
Facebook is a two-way relationship, says On Twitter, there's a culture of openness. The risk of failure is low.
Today will be our last dry day for a while. How are you going to enjoy it?
When life throws lemons at you.... Sometimes there's a special friend there that throws those bitches back for you :)
at todayy! Omg I'm so excited! :D <3
love their stuff!
If I seem high, it's because I'm all hypo right now.
Ordered the neo legend from can't wait.
LMAO oh good i was gettin worried;)
Keep it real with me
Are you in Little Rock by chance? I'm heading there to meet some partners.
tells me I'm always on twitter and Facebook so you guys I'm outty let's see how long I can do this '✌
well it's jenn and will
what's the word at the Wood?
- Wizards win this game. WIN.THIS.GAME. Book it.
YES IT IS AND AGREESS
good call. i'm a little nervous about the rain/humidity for my dSLR. prob going to bring a point & shoot too
yeah, that was going to be my first step; I've done one recently for DCPU-16 so thinking about generalization too
hey friends! happy monday... got a lot to do, will keep ya updated with all the new & exciting things we're doing @ drivethrustudio.com
Got it - thanks!
Shout-out 2 Local Business!
"handle" it then mami ;)
I know most basketball fans would HATE to see a playoff game where BOTH teams have their backups on the court but I LOVE it
Come on Octavia!!!
I'm like a bird, I'll only fly away
You need to have shows in Alabama!!!!!!!!!! Please follow me!!!!!!!!
I'll admit, I kinda miss with his
Do I even exist?
Come on SUNY schools let me in already!
Twitter gets so boring at night /:
well, at least you know it. that's a good start. now to make everyone else know it.
Our technicians and staff are professionally trained to handle all types of car repair needs.
The One Night at tonight was amazing! I'm so glad I got to go!
If you don't have something in front of my name, no one on your TL can actually see it unless they follow ME too.
I don't think i can take another period od ms.hauer
Get ready for Social Marketing Automation to take center stage. Happily, is way ahead of the game!
are u ok frm earlier
Love it! Great use of coaches using social media!
agreed Perez!!
TRAFFIC ALERT - President Obama to speak at Washington Lee High School Arlington, VA around noon tomorrow
So are you :)
loll I'm having fun (:
Thanks for RT!
Ric Armendariz introduced me to ALIVIANE AND CHILO! I told them to put my uncle & my boyfriends DAD on the Board.
<3 I miss you. Hopefully after the dust settles I'll have more time to talk.
you would be in love. It's almost Nola like. .... And they just invited me to play. I may have to rock some D&D in a bit. Haha
Thanks, David! I'll post some Niagra Falls pics next week. Those old signs were AWESOME. Very overcast sky though.
UHG FUCK THIS! I WANT JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!
blake really..soul man..just tie a rope around a niggah neck and say "ils done caught me a niggah"
sorry to hear you couldn't make it. Somehow we'll try to carry on.
what are you studying for?
yer very busy. Howz the record coming along?
Today should be a good day. Two classes, then mall, study, the. baseball game =)
Start off the 2012 with a great lunch!
#TurnToYou is just PERFECT ♥ I've been listening to it all day & night
": I wanna go to six flags now."
i tweeted glozell like 20 times she hates me im gonna go cry for 57 years but omg dyin
well if your not American GET THE FUCK OUT IF YOU DON'T LIKE THE WAY WE SPELL
I deffo need to make it out there.
So I made a tumblr, who else has one? I'm only following one person and I feel like a loser XD
here is my first tweet for new twog dev
Some places don't have a "cheers"! They sometimes say "Irie" or "Bless up" in Jamaica :)
can you tweet me that foreign policy article you posted on #Kony2012?
Like to shout out to my girl for being extremely hard working. Congrats on this weekend
Kyrie Irving is already more clutch in the 4th than Lebron will ever be LOL
These niggas ain't hear me then? These niggas gone hear me now!
congrats!! What in?
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
No way. That's classic cinema. Any "Best Fights" list must contain that brawl scene. If not, it's for shite.
any suggested articles for schools as they evaluate on-line learning programs for college bound to at-risk students?
Thanks! Yep, we're getting married this Fall. Very excited!
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.235
Haters are like crickets; they make a lot of noise you can hear but you never see them, then you walk right by them and they're quiet.
were finally launching the brand new rock house website, still in beta mode though not all features are available yet.
this nig be hating on the #Packers bro! He a #Lions fan! Dont hate on us when we winning! They average we #Elite!
I like Glenora and Anthony Road! Have fun!
well... hello there ;)
Listening to Switchfoot for three hours straight>>>>>>> 😍😁
I use it daily!
also, are the lunchtime lightning talks at #jdcdc open? If I wanted to give one, could I?
Ariel Katz from University of Toronto "I want to talk about your friend, the market"
A Classic!
if you got the weed I got the light we can get high together all night.
Living the edge? That describes every trip I take! :)
Hi Sarah! Are you looking to move to a new apartment in Chicago?
You should. My favorite band.
Can I share if I bring a pint of creme fraiche gelato?
Ayers: it's a myth that is standing in the way of this incredible creativity at the state an local level
Ha. Welcome to Twitter!
Better yet, you be Dwight and I'll be Jim >:)
So and have all released new solo singles. Where is Aundrea?
day 3 for some of us who need every possible continuing education credit! A long haul but more than worth it.
Polymer? :P RT : Was just asked if I as referring to a wooden log cabin. Is there another kind of log cabin?
i missed tasting 10 different chocolate bars in economics :/
Yay for being caught up!
we write down our goals/wishes for next year in a jar and seal it with the air from the previous year at exactly 11:59.
Doctor offices are scary.
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step
RIP Marilyn Glick... thanks for making Indy a better place.
“ “ Wrapped in your covers and having the fan going >””
Bad enough FBI pushing the law, but they're sneaking around trying to do it b-4 public finds out, threatening companies not to oppose. WTF!
We will be at the Rail Club tonight promoting for the show. Come out to get your tickets (2 shows for $10!) and a free sampler cd!
"Why would you throw your phone?" "Because I have a case"
just recorded vocals for new song, Doin It. it might be done now. might be...
I gotta wait till Friday to cop. So #poor bruh. Lol
looks like Armon is 4th string pg? No shot for minutes? Liked his spark last year
"Human population" is a testing ground for nothing even as curious as an experiment. We are a side-effect of gross & willful negligence.
just went out again. Modem...power light on, enet light on, sync flashing on and off
I don't know what you're talking about. Now pardon me while I put this Obama shirt in eBay.
And SmartWool is totes worth going back for! Glad we could help improve your day, ! :)
am I hunched over my laptop on my couch, in boxers, jamming out to NKOTB? yes, yes I am. I've got the Right Stuff, oh oh oh oh, baby...
Thats pretty awesome!
People in the room next to mine are HORRIBLE. Can't wait for them to start screaming at 4AM when they get up to catch their jetport flight.
Sorry last two tweets out of sequence. Forgot to tag you on the originals... o_0
Damn I can't sleep :( thank God I got nothing to do tomorrow
Is it Friday yet? I'd like to see my boyfriend.
We have to be entrepreneurs of our own lives. Entrepreneurs build success through their networks. - Reid Hoffman
And, overheard elsewhere: Little boy: But I don't care about the dead guys anymore! Washington Monument Washington, DC
waiting for my packages to come in new speakers and car parts !
My mom ain't raise no fool
One big room full of bad bitches
for Manna. Awesome dance
How has your opinion of cannabis changed over the years?
Pope Gregory (590-604) banned the eating of eggs during Great Lent. People boiled them for storage, feasted on them at Pascha (Easter).
On my way to the Gold Standard to stuff my face.
Is it time to sell the bulletproof Pentax 35mm camera I've had since I was 12? Will I ever mess with film again?
“: noel really ugly af'” so mean loo
Everytime I try to stop smoking some bullshit happen dat make me wanna get high as fuck
WOO! thats awesome! what row are you in?
looking for someone in #rochester that repairs pool leaks
I wonder how many people had brain embolisms from Schindler's List. Or The Producers on Broadway.
sad-a-ta my dami!!!(pootie tang)
Amazing japan benefit concert last night. Kudos to all. Off to DC tour--posi music fest, a winery, capitol hill, & a church 'bout covers it
Tune in today with Randy Dean, an expert in time management and organizing email. Some great strategies for taming the beast!
Sorry we missed it. We are a Bethany family that goes to as well. Looks fun.
Haven't tried this before! I'm looking for Ian Jackman, author of EAT THIS! and former Random House author. Would you send me a msg?
it's ok cuz I have a iPhone also so that's the way u do it for it to work trust me k if u want me to show u
Finally out the door. Time to take the puppy out!
signals issue are tricky. it works and then all of a sudden just start showing signs of problem. we'll get this fix for you
aw I think she's already home
ok can y'all just date already?
hahahahaha , definitely. Guys are always dramatic
Well done, Josie! “: congratulations to for getting her young woman's medallion!! so proud of you babe!”
Now were friends we've reached the climax
yeah man! I just learned Marce will be going too. We're getting a sitter for the kids. It's family friendly though.
Best night of the year for a BC fan!
Not my best game...it's ok. Got it out of the way before our next game
Level 4 leaders: what's in it for them. Level 5 leaders channel their ego, drive, etc., into company - gr8er than self
hypocrite... you're jumping in my business right now
Girl: "I'm just scared you're gonna love another girl" Guy: "You're right. I will. And she will call you mommy."
At the Alamo Bowl tailgate. Parking lot C under the C-1 sign. Cold beer, bloody mary's, bourbon and brats. Join us. Sic'em Bears.
to the jb concert! But I was jk(:
Welcome to the party Mike Irwin :)
I'm proud to represent the Coots of America.
Does making the nw bandwidth info+controls visual make user power structures more explicit? Interesting thought from
I took a nap from 6-9.
Good morning Charles. Welcome!!
well being the sensitive and under standing person I am I suggest you log off twitter
April 19? And they're looking for witnesses now?
T O remember the stretch and press portible gym? DM me
Feeling good ,feeling nice
Now hiring promoters for Miami's hottest venues DM me for details!
thank you sweety for being my 200 follower :D you're the
I See Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Me: "Thank you very much." Lady at cash register: "You're welcome very much." She's making fun of me, right?
The role of Sid Vicious "is not a favorite of mine. I can't get away from it... what about all the films after that?" - Gary Oldman
Delighted to host via Skype today after students read his novel Pop Apocalypse. Thanks Lee!
Just watching last Saturdays Ustream. Crying my eyes out again. </3
Diggy Simmons goes too hard
lmao. Me too
You going tomorrow?
Heh. :-) I pass. But thanks for your kind offer.
When Javale McGee matures, he will actually have potential to be a great player
Lol, Vinnie from Jersey Shore is going to be in Leno soon.
art. creativity. people who love selflessly. join us on nov 8th in san diego.
How are you feeling now?
I love it when the bartender is just as messed up as the bar goers...
yo, not bay area, but I'm pals with a cofounder of Stylistics, this could come in handy for documentary
Yes got control of the tv. 1girl5 gays. Whoo I actually don't know how to be gay anymore. All I hang with is straight people.
seen. Seen. Next lol
Rented a D90 from for daughter's wedding last week. Excellent prices and service. Highly recommended.
“For me, poems are at their basic level one person speaking to another.”- Matthew Zapruder
That storm was amazing.
It's officially Steelers Season! Check out the Heinz Field labels on our '09 Chilean Malbec and our '09 CA Sauvignon Blanc in the suites!
Twitter needs a Like button!
Remember, our kitchen's open whenever we're open. Come by for some Chicken and Waffles or a bowl of NM Red Chili made fresh from the pod!
Lovely. Can't wait to fly to JFK in two weeks.
"call His Name... O Lord Jesus"....
are there good "tools" (be they languages or environments) out there for which the bar is some investment, not the wild west in bits?
When are you getting back to the Burgh?
And the way it floats is indescribable! #CodeIsBeautifulToo RT : google alexander calder logo animation is lovely
well closes today. get ready to see some really ugly people !
I saw a Street View car in my neighborhood yesterday; regret I didn't see it in time to moon.
thanks for follow HOB we'll do busines soon.. Do you have contact info?
Are the teachers of those classes on twitter? You've been so lovely to answer my questions!
Being real! That's all I'm sayin!.
Casino Madrid sucks so bad...
leaving for PC in the DR in 5 days while there is a current blizzard...couldn't be more siked!
Lions are fucking handsome and everybody knows it.
Guess who just got a meet and greet pass for !? THIS CHICK RIGHT HERE!!!! Aahhhh!!!
One thing I love about DC is on Wed @ 10p, the trending topics all involve America's Best Dance Crew.
You'd think by this time my phone would have figured out that yes, I mean "pwned."
Talking about the health benefits of local/organic produce on Visit your local farmers market!
#GOLF -- WANTS TO THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING OUR FILM
personally, original Teen Wolf for me <3 tho if i had to choose twilight- i like the lead girl-- replaced by Audrey Tatou=hot
omg Sara! ;;;;;;; tho's are most gorgeous pic I,ve ever seen!
BtoBSocialMedia: 14% of people trust ads, while 76% trust consumer recommendations. Thus, the power of social media for busi
Spent the day learning tunes in naperville.
Today is Ryan Braun day.
seriously. needs to get his shit together
jr smith needs to start throwning up gang signs to make this game somewhat watchable
haha I just want a change! Lol
addition by subtraction
RT : : Happy International Beer Day! "To alcohol! The cause of and solution to all of life's problems." -Homer Simpson
next up: the labor report card sent to San Diego city council members. Lorena Gonzalez explains all the "F" grades.
Everything went exactly the way I knew it would. I feel better.
Playin at #Euphoria Lounge tomorrow at 10:30 P.M.
if the amount of sleep i got is any indication of how this day is going to go i'm screwed.....
where do i send fanmail?? Sorry to ask u this,i know youve answered this to many ppl already.i understand if u dnt reply..(:
“: I read my own palm today. It said it was going to slap you! #AMPED”ha!
Yip. Possibly best trilogy ever are the 3 Ninja turtles movies
Always best. Decaf is silly
If you didn't get to meet the Red Stag girls yesterday, they will be back tonight at 8pm. Come by for a great time and winn prizes!
This weekend don't forget to celebrate your freedom to read! www.ala.org/bbooks
Today is World Health Day! Follow The World Health Organization and participate in their online conversation
I was talking to mom who is almost 70...she said "I have to go, my show is coming on" I said what is it? She said "Ax men." I laughed...
on saturday it will be exactly a month until believe omfgggggg
3 Mozzie bites before 8am, a very Australian way to start the day.
Why am I putting the Red Sox game on. Why
i think i have a crush on my english teacher
Congrats! An achievement well deserved...
2nd period underway, lets go Caps
Love the Jelly Taco!!
What makes Hillcrest so amazing? Groups like the Hillcrest Town Council is one reason. Will you help us get 100 followers by 2011?
lmao. Sure. Drugs. But you're welcome. Btw I like your avi.
I just spent a hundred bucks on small-batch whiskey (and I'm giving up alcohol for Lent).
how about an ingenious offensive set thanks to the high-rise & tip from your center who went 6'6"...6'9" w/ the afro
But this world just too big for a little girl.
#Today in history Benjamin Franklin died on 4/17/1790 known best for discovering that lightning is electricity. Thanks from ALL electricians
I have like 5 random country songs on my ipod!
How ima DM u if u not followin me?
A2: Uncommon Ground is pretty low key and is a nice plan to dine.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
not that hard to describe, really. Don't let me near a couch at a crowded party.
Guess its time to open up my eyes & put my guard up again ..
#HAPPY30THBEYONCE !! :) its my bday today too!
"If you say the Rosary faithfully unto death,I assure u that,in spite of the gravity ofyour sins,u wil receive a never-fading crown of glory
Same place as when I was down there? The guac was killer.
email us at customercare
Imma get that ..
I agree! Thank you! Glad you enjoyed the material.
fans are fanatics, wasn't the reason GB lost! The real ?: do TT & MM want him back and for how much?
Undercover Boss makes me cry . Lol
RT : still expecting a DM back from my expectations to get it are not big tho *never know keep ya hopes up*
Hey, don't get it twisted: #GoBulls!
you make me stronger everyday <3
On my way to Combatives Level 2 for the US Army. Gone 10 days.
aw miss u!
It happens too often here! Lol.
For some reason you don't look comfortable gardening... Just sayin'... lol
i swear all guy mahomies are hot...#randomtweet(;
Wow. Three's Company was really homophobic.
Happy Chinese New Year. Hoping for good fortune, wealth, longevity, happiness and reconciliation for all, even those who don't celebrate
interesting. coast to coast... ish.
When Alaric staked "Klaus" in the coffin, he actually killed Tyler. Bonnie cast a spell to switch them...
Stewardess...I'll take a vodka tonic with lime....please make it a double.
Today is Global Accessibility Awareness Day. Is your website accessible to all?
f yeah, put your hands up, they're playing my song
is the tennis champ.
Wow, great story today that uses its groundbreaking test score analyses of APS to examine test scores from cities across the country.
they left with a bang shit thats messed up
Who's social cycling tonight? I am!
check out my last RTs :D
Looking forward to celebrating it with you Blake, thanks for the shout-out!
Great pic! Thanks for coming out for Cinco de Mayo!
Sounds like a good time! Have you all thought about doing an event in our area?
So, i think kendall wright is a bust waiting to happen. #dabears need to stay away!!!! Stephen Hill is who we need!
Apologizing to guests about your dirty house takes less time than it would to actually clean it. Work smarter, not harder.
Monday is flying by! :)
Well, with 10 minutes left Adam has admitted defeat. One more for the wall of shame. Winghart's Challengers: 6; winners: 1
I have nothing to do tonight.
sorry for the late response. Was great meeting you at the party. Glad you enjoyed it.
Uhm can I go home
“: #YouWereCuteUntil I found out how many black guys you've been with.”
#Imagine if said 'Hey there beautiful' to you<33
One of the keys to success is consistency. As a trader I can't afford to waste time on marginal trades. I only go for those I know will win
About to go make somethin to eat and call #oomf back (=
18th...how you get to the city
quite familiar with it but haven't used it in a project
Pizza of The Week: Reuben Pizza - Thousand Island Base, Swiss Cheese, Corned Beef, Sauerkraut and Topped with Caraway Seeds
it wasn't you, it was me!
maybe. Or #netflix will spike.
thanks so much for the follow! If you are in the market for a mattress or any furniture items I'm your "guy"!
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!!!!!
lol oh ok. He's a rapper.
S/O to for the greatest rant in press conference history. "We talking 'bout practice..."
Hey! It been like forever! Do u remember me XD its been like 3 years sine we talked last
Im Feeling You On That Ma.
Tryna get inside tonight
My ponytail holders, backs of earrings and single socks are all congregating somewhere and laughing as they avoid me. Pesky little things.
#ChakaKhan singing Ella's signature "Them There Eyes" #jazzday, the link for the webcast is on our fb page
text me every once in a while. 😉
Happy FRIDAY! Today, we're consolidating our Twitter pages. Please follow us =)
3 more days of school left for me!
hopefully memorial day weekend I'll be there
sorry for that retweet spam...but 's tweets are A+.
It's still Friday?
If you didn't watch #workaholics, you missed out. That show is going to be god.
Miss you!
I JUST REALIZED WE HAVE ALOT OF DAMN MOVIES
right. Im'a DM you
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
