Who opened the window
Fat Bitches Get Munchies
where?!? Certainly not here! Cheater!
let's hope the second half is Nuggets all the way :)
#stuck on some who treats you like you're nothing. #bitch won't even talk to me.
Side note on near drowning in Willamette River: Guy who shot rescue wanted money for video. Guy who saved man wanted nothing.
We argue too much.
At this point in the morning, my mind is totally not in the mood to understand CSS & Javascript code that isn't working.
don't 'splode just hop on a plane
I'm up to 150 followers! Thanks for the support. I love that the band is following me... they must like my name!
You can! Everyone is beautiful in different ways. Never forget that :)
lol, wouldn't have it any other way.
A haiku for you..."God gave you this day/ As a special gift for you/ It's the thought that counts."...Enjoy this beautiful day!!
I have a TMobile 4G phone &it is not useful down here in the basement so that may not have helped much. I think AT&T is ok here.
Agreed!!! #sonsofanarchy is my new favorite show and season 2 (so far) does not disappoint.
our product helps to bring back intimacy in a relationship by resparking the "fire". We have arousal creams to help as well
Saved AGAIN by drop box
where at ?
Joe Adams is INSANE
I'm good, watching Bama vs LSU. How about you?
miss ya too
#NHLNetwork has it live. Bettman looks pissed about this deal. Piss off!
On My Way To The Store To Support Real Music. Bout To Cop Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Shout Out To
The PROOF is what U dont see on so U will continue 2 B lied 2 by #GOP Billionaire$ & watch #GOP FAIL AGAIN!
Looking back on it now, spring break was probably the best week of my life
Deng needs at least 26 tonight for the Bulls to win
is Killing me :D . Follow me please<3
seems hilarious.
Hi all, wanted to let you know about Zaneta Sykes (). She is an amazing drum teacher, currently accepting private students in NYC!
Wow I love you new profile pic !
By the way: needs to stop hatin' for real! It's just not cute!
the boys threw the stones | hitting the car and the house | — angst seeking a vent
What's up today in your world? Anything fun, dangerous, adventurous, or otherwise?
the reason I changed my life. He's an inspiration to me.
right down the street!
We are all beautiful. We are all ugly. We are all human. Inside and out.
DON'T WE ALL, lol
I love rereading your tweets, is that weird or wrong?
I'm pretty sure that I'm going to try and sneak my man's hoodie home with me
Half Price Bottles of Wine at tonight..... Makes for a great night!
Slightly sprinkling in LA. That means the traffic is bad this morning. "What is this water doing in the air? It should be in our bottles."
We need to open a bakery
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Origami Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Congratulations Thank you for continued vision and leadership, thanks to the people of Baltimore for continued confidence in you.
Gas station is packed and of course I picked the wrong cars to wait behind. Too bad my gas light is on...
What's up everybody?! Enjoying this lovely weather?
lol...I miss you too next day off Imma, be ova there
love you too!!
as a local foodie allow me to also rec., Hot Chocolate (a MUST!), Cafe Babareba, Ann Sathers 4 breakf. & Bongo Room
Got your foot stuck in a microwave?
- i also like to start my day with a tea cup of organic lemon juice and warm water.....so immediately calming
T maney, drive young bitches crazy.
I will not buy white clothes, I will not buy white clothes...Damn you, , shopping enabler extraordinaire!
But then again, the new tour dates dont include Nebraska or surrounding areas so :PP :'(
We heart u too! “: this is why I like both of you :)”
... You fellas in town?
if its raining, im not doing it.
Doesn't really seem like a necessary education for that job.
Pilar Sanders Sues Deion Sanders, Says He Plotted Violent Attack on Her to Get Her Out the House -
Great seat-mates & convo tonight RT : I'm sitting in funniest row @ #SMCSea w/
"AND I TOLD YOU TEN LIVERLIPS!"
you're a big deal around here, eh!
Texting Christina REALLY!?! The man was thanking her too..and she couldn't even look up from her phone
come to our salon!! Bring I did her hair for a shoot a while back and would love to see u guys!!
That is the most important story of the day!
I only fly a desk these days!
hey I'm interested in your product, could you send me info?
follow us!
I would never make fun of synchro, I almost drowned once too!
lol, nah. Not really, it was hot and the fan was on so yeah. Lol.
Mazda is seriously trying to make their car look cool by using the theme song form a cheesy 1970s show?
Wham, bam, steal the van
Please check out my answer on to: Can I sue a storage facility for auctioning off my belong...
Love New York City!!
He is so cute and sweet! Did he fall asleep like that? :)
Goodnight Everyone :) #HaveaGrandeNight (haven't tweeted that in a while)
Gave my step-mom a Mother's Day card and she started crying.
he will. He shouldn't.
well good for you. I will be partaking in similar activities shortly
Two weeks til I'm home. I can totally handle that. ...right?
#STANDGRAND Is The
This book is awaiting an agent to represent it; seeking an agent who is interested in helping others.
RT : Eating a salad with house dressing. Delicious.
Prepares the penultimate afternoon radio freedonia from 2 to 4 pm on wtju..net -- songs about the number one and other flotsam and jetsam
I'd love to get a tattoo from you lmao
IM SO PROUD OF MY BOYZ I LOVE YOU SO MUCH 💙 BE ICONic
NFL Draft in T minus 22 hours!!!!
hands down that is awesome..... and you should be in dancing with the stars in the off season athough they need bigger girls
I wonder how many other knick fans just started laughing to themselves when Amare calmly walked away from WIDE OPEN chalmers 3 pointer?
Can't wait to see how my Crock Pot pork with parsnips and sweet potatoes turns out tonight. Didn't use a recipe. <3 slow cooker season!
Give us a shout if you want to know more about what we do. We're about to launch our #beta program! Wish us luck!!
Just drive safe.. Love you!
As a constituent in your district/state, I urge you VOTE NO on the House Appropriations CR Bill for 2011.”
Contest will run all day, winner announced Friday morning: What are three things that draw you to our fun and exciting Chic-I-Boom Ball?
Getting so excited about my new website! Almost finished...can't wait to show you all!
Go Linda! Every show needs a strong stage manager.
OK, way late for me. Time for bed! G'night twitter friends :)
Take calculated #risks. That is quite different from being rash. Gen. George Patton. Risk zero when doing depth #writing except loss of
did someone take it? I'd like to own <3
Today is Friday. Friday = GAME NIGHT! Bring it!
No no no honey you make us smile!
he just wants the Olympic style testing. Floyd would know all about that since he represented the USA in the Olympics.
Love the insight! It was nice to chat with you and CONGRATULATIONS! Forever the first team to win a in WI!
That being said, the new gravity element to #angrybirdspace really adds something interesting. Feels more like a true sequel.
Hilary Swank & Sam Rockwell's work in Conviction was absolutely incredible. Voting this year is so tough. Everyone's so deserving.
well gee love ya to Lea's mom. RememberTrust
r u guys up yet u should cuz its 8:35
No Culvers tonight. But someone must've alerted Cousin's subs in Monroe. They closed at 7?!
damn! Two preggo roomies? Auntie Emily is gonna be busy! Yea this woman in the train was too detailed! I was like STFU
DM ME BACK
: Again, we return to question: what is digital humanities? "being human in digital age"
yeah, your sister stations in Rochester (Entercom) are thinking of coming out. We'll bring the beer, you bring the pizza.
Just wrecked it on screams! :D
I'm a tech guy for 20+ years and find Linux opaque and unusable.
Sexism in Football?, BBC One, review: Michael Hogan reviews Sexism in Football, Gaby Logan's BBC One exploration..
Don't think , just do.
Adele samples. Get on that level.
The Block Card wants to welcome the Dolce Group, specifically Ketchup and the Geisha House Santa Ana, to the TBC team!
I Need a Chick That SING R&B/POP.. Gotta Get This Roster Up…
was great to meet the team this week thanks to #projectlove major props for the impact you are making with your comfy T's
lmao I do that sometimes
Aww fun! And how did your internship interview go?
Am I annoying?
F.U. Facebook. Why do you keep trying to refresh the news feed and make me unable to see anything that's going on??? I could miss something.
i sure as hell didn't laugh
Our Pleasure!
#TallyCardz are here folks! It's a MUST HAVE for ALL #FAMU and #FSU students
Thankyou so much! :)
Just stocked up on about 30 boxes of cereal. Why? It was a great deal, I have room for it, and I have a slight problem with hoarding.
yes. You looked busy. But I wanted to run and give you a hug.
coffee. donuts. stat.
I think it looks good b&w plus it would be cheaper to silkscreen I'd leave it or you could do the text in one color
Riding solo
Can't wait for camp hy lake!
I had a variation of that as a tag for awhile.
yes thank you. I think anyone with a pulse would know hey are lyrics from Rihanna.
Michael Ken concert this Fri. Admission only $5. Bring a chair. Food from Will & Pop's, Natty Green's Beer & of course, Grove estate wine.
aspiring models w/a nice "ATTITUDE" holla! if you need an image or stylist follow & RT
Vinyl is the best way to listen to music in the comfort of your own home.
Are you giving up Coke?
fact check please
Texting > sleeping. I'm finally happy again.
Best thing about this game I'd the cheer leaders in the background
Adele - Make you feel my love ❤
Looks like a great week of events. I hope to attend at least a couple this week. Good luck!
Theyre yelling at you.
": #MentionYourCrush " I love you :)
because most of the pics i took were for u. i can upload pics now with my moms phone she has wifi. :) <3 prince <3
Wdf fuck u going to say I got aids ? Cause I would not stick my Dick in Ur nasty ass.really ? I pull paperwork out on u hoes like state ids
God is good!!!!
In THIS aspect he is BETTER than Jordan!
I HATE MOTHS. GET OFF MY PHONE SCREEN AND MY FACE. 👊💢👊💢👎
Rodney King looks back without anger - CNN
hey twitter people!!
Who's coming out to the show tonight at ? We'll see you there!
Hot cup of Earl Grey...James Farmer would be proud
they were probably the best part...John Belushi and Bonnie Hunt made a pretty funny duo, too.
#TweetYourFavCartoon , Courage the Cowardly Dog ! , the Powerpuff Girls , Dexter Labortary ! ♥ ( Cartoon Network ]
I wanna be kissed in the rain<3
American horror stories , here we go , so scary, is delicious!...
I love that LA transit is getting national notice. Can't wait for the day when story hook is no longer "Believe it or Not."
Got clobbered at the #blackjack tables at today. Wifey doesn't seem to mind the hit, so I won't either.
Followers :X ?
Got a order for a sweet green and gold guitar strap today. It's going to be a fun one to make!
RT Every time I ride past Riverside.. I be glad I'm out tht bitch
Fujifilm INSTAX MINI 7S Camera and Film Kit (White) with 5 Twin ...
At the EDC mayoral forum breakfast listening to Carl, Bonnie and Nathan talk about their vision. Thanks NAIOP, EDC & Connect for sponsoring!
Tim Dillard to the minors please
Tackled entire iSchool inbox today: conference scholarships, fellowship opportunities, summer internships, organization listservs... Whew.
lol me too...,but I been good jus been staying busy hows everything wit u
mat text me c:
shame our world is dominated by religion - look at the mess the world is in. Love is all we need!
Me too RT Get me back to LA
Life is not measured by the # of breaths you take, but by the # of moments that your breath away (a2ib4ue) (tgif) Let's get it :-)
I agree with you on that one
you kick ass
Its official these dudes anything
Nothing like I've ever experienced.
To my husband: #Gemini's read 5 books at a time and finish none.
Nice! (though I don't want an Ood purse). Thanks Kath, I'll take a pic of my bag and contact her.
Why is Doctor Drew talking to Tom Hanks?
HUGE SHOUT OUT to this luvie ~~~ :** SHE IS SOO NICE♥♥♥♥ MUST FOLLOW ;***
At UCLA student bar... Like Milledgeville but guys have big arms
Hi-we're a unique local startup and would like to try to help you guys. Pro Bono. If interested, follow and DM me.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😰
I love you more, k?
if ya mean the gangster he died of a heart attack..age killed him, not bullets...
don't sweat it. I wish he couldve played as well. different ball game if he does. a broken hand is tough to bounce back from
Arabica coffee is by far the most famous variety because of it's smooth taste & aromatic qualities.
I've got the name: Z-Date©!
Oh god. The number of things in my life that I've done for "the story"...
For the next 2 hours swing by Rackhouse Pub and get the deal shown here: FREE BACON SUNDAY W/ THE NFL TICKET!
So sore from crazy workouts lately. Contemplating a very lazy day and getting some chocolate chip pancakes at this morning!
I wish I could play basketball</3
i groups of people who make road blocks on the sidewalk by all walking next to each other..single file please
I'll have links up later today right after my presentation at 4:15
only my computer would stop pooping on me.
Fab Design Tip: Use sun resistant fabrics on a window seat cushion and pillows. There are a number of beautiful options.
We're pretty sure our full grown dog is still a puppy. Someone lied, cause this dog is nuts
I think I will enjoy having in my daily life.
Working hard at the office. I wish I had two of me sometimes. One to work and one to play. My boat is calling my name.
Few cases of eyestrain have been developed by looking on the bright side of things.
Happy BDay s/o to the homie !!
#CentralOnline Get ready to rock this house Central!
actually bad. The weekend???
should be sometime after 1:00, but its raining
Don't talk about it, be about it!
yess fedex form
im going to move out soon:]
Phew! Edited 233 photos down to 20, only 18 more cuts to make until I can post my new headshots! Dragon ink photography is AH-mazing!!!
You niggas Ly like fly without the letter F
I do not like c/o 2015
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana bananas get worse
Parents: Kid-leashes are so DEGRADING! Especially when the kid is disabled, like that one hairy kid I saw with four legs and a tail.
Man Fuck Naw. I'm Hot Af Right Now. You Got A Spot?
I plumb for 's Aim and Ignite cuz of the spark those tunes light. How are Howler's tunes?
Didn't realize there was canned Rochester hot sauce. This changes everything.
yeah the blue jeans are indefensible.
3 reasons for BFing: the milk is always at the right temperature; it comes in attractive containers; & the cat can't get it. ~Irena Chalmers
LoL. Just wouldn't have put you & MK together. Enjoy!
Someone wake me up with breakfast tomorrow. :)
Ok so I was a pizza last night instead of a dog. How the hell do I do that?
We have a special announcement regarding the prizes this year. Stay tuned...
It's not a #college #roadtrip until someone pisses in a bottle
haha, okay I will put something scary in the pool to chase after you ;)
“To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson RT
It's a great night to bring the girls to ! We've got $4 wine, Cosmos, Appletinis & Bungalow juice 'til 7pm!
We're so jealous....sounded like an incredible show! Thanks again for using ShowClix Alexandru! Have a nice weekend
i am giving you a chance to recant that statement...before i go in and delete all the lightbox sized images i made you. :)
ATTN: If you know camera-having people OR people who know how to camera-operate OR edit things they camera-shot, email !
Who is going to Hobby's for lunch today? RT Boiled or Grilled? With or Without? Ketchup or Mustard? Sweet Relish?
That's kinda what I'm thinking too. It's going to be here every day.
my brother did the same thing he is 7 ur pretty
Our Walker's Point neighbor has 1/2 price bottles of VINO all day today (and amazing pizza every day of the week).
oh lol okay (:
if I were cynical, i might say the recession is being induced by those who want a new white president
Yes sir the 2012 Leadership Conference in
haha too good
Does LOYALTY Still Exist? Damn Lol
bitch what's funny lol ...let's go to Denny's again haha
Its as if the universe decided I should own 2day I'm on fire & Love It But I'm reminded the Universe demands Balance, 2morrow could b harsh
Your boyfriend is the one who made a commitment to you. Nobody else did.
Words to live by. If I go broke, it's your fault :P RT : Money schmoney. It's #recordstoreday!
thx for the tweet! :)
: Oh wow. On my way to start catching up with you!!
forget them
lol they really do do u some justice! shoot, wat would we do without them
Monday and cloudy and foggy, if only #Austin will get some rain.
good GOOD MORNING BEAUTIFUL!
Boy: Did it hurt. Girl: (sigh) did what hurt Boy: Breaking through the earths crust ascending from hell Girl:(°_°)
So we're at the skating rink and my wife is freakin because the skates she rented are warm!!!
thanks for creepily staring at me in Grade A last night then leaving before I could find you again.
My mind has not been in a good state today... I couldnt even focus on the court...?
I'm not a part of the family tree i don't think, & having to read all this love makes me upset. Delete my @
Tonight come join us 7pm for the premiere of the second episode
#ThingsIGetAlot your SO CUTE!!
It's 4/15. Don't forget to contribute to your IRA for 2011.
GO FLYERS!!! Another great game.
Is also wondering about obama's podium sign - is there even such a thing as "The Office of the President Elect"? I mean, REALLY?
Seeing is believing . . . unless photoshop is involved.
Proud of developing the submission taking 2nd place for the Richard Goodman Strategic Planning Award 2012, thanks to all the team help
Happy Easter!
Wipes a tear....
. The iPad 2 winner will be drawn Friday at random from all submissions. Creativity is still encouraged.
Do not look to GE, IBM, Microsoft or Verizon for best practices, look to successful, growing small to mid-sized businesses in your industry.
I would love to get together!!!
I think you're mistaken today is not Sperm Donor Day. Sounds like daddy issues to me!
You don’t love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
I don't give a fuck what you heard about me
Bitch, you're 12. You should be losing teeth, not your virginity !!! Whats has the world come too o_O
RT Chris Wilcox helps lift the Celtics over Jared Jeffries' Knicks..it's like the 2002 national championship all over again!
its not really broken just over use.
I like you. <3
~Feeling amazing at almost 8 months preggars!! Excited for the arrival of our new lil man!
YAY! and you wear them soo WELL! have a great weekend and thanks :)
#NowPlaying: Doctor Doctor by
so cute
Worth a 4th rd pick for the skins though? Skins need help in others areas/ they got Roy Helu last year in the 4th
Agreed! Best mofongo! RT : Yea you do, it rocks & mofongo every day cc
Your brilliance is your message. Speak it. Live it. Get into it. Have a spectacular #womanifesting week. Let's go!
Ha! You can't hide an AK-47 in a bikini.
RT : I don't worry about KD+Westbrook arguing. I do worry about RW's maturation process - slower than it needs to be.
thanks for the rec!
We hope you ladies are enjoying your concert! Thanks so much for coming in tonight pre-show!!
Thank you for the RT regarding Rush Limbaugh. He and his message are toxic!
Wonder what my baby doin?
how much do you love Alex ? :)
Karma is a bitch and it just so happens that I changed my first name to karma
Preacher man on teevee wants Dyson to give him his wig back
DIL purchased lotion for me. "Udderly Smooth". I laughed even though my "udders" are no more.
Tonight the official low low car show after party goes down inside #GBar!!! Don't miss out...
I can see that because if you wore you would know thy she isn't beautiful however if you must use a word to describe her ...
well said! There aren't shortcuts love the quote
Also, thanks to the staff at You guys really know how to run a show! And thanks to as well.
Preach! RT : Ladies: You don't NEED a man to validate who you are. Instead you should WANT a man to enhance what already exists.
Ever since I updated my app it doesn't show my mentions anymore
Cool opening to the Who!!
awe it's okay love
you aint got no bitches on here?
yeah your mind was on the move. haha surprised you remember all of that usually you forget most dreams when you wake
I hate you. So much.
i noe 11:11 hasn't come i'm tiered gt skool tomorrow. so I GUESS ILL HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE IF M WISH WILL STILL COME TRUE <3
thx for the follow!
Romping around San Diego's Balboa Park w/ is Sun therapy at it's best.
Rejoining the 21st century. Apple TV and streaming Netflix. I'll pay you to come over and help us install this.
Netxflix Changing my plan from 12 bucks to 18, but not saying what I'm getting! Hope that means some movies I want get on instant. grrr
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':25
25cent wings, 2 huge NBA games, and Canucks playoff opener! See you at big wangs and then SupperClub
Got GPS Plus yesterday+now I'm driving to auditions listening to voice navigation. Feeling luxe & kinda
and I am loving reading what you are writing about and this #Racers team...!!
don't be so hard on yourself, it's a great song lol
Stuck in Friday rush-hour traffic, but no worries. I'm leaving the driving to Cincinnati Metro!
Never let the Legend grow bigger than the man.
Has baby registry got you feeling overwhelmed?!? Join us for the ABC's of Baby Registry May 19th. Plus take home some amazing gifts. http…
is in a not complicated relationship with an Ice Cold Beer...
Leave you alone? OKAY, no problem :)
Semester over. Time to get to writing.Conceptualizing a study that looks at Korean/Af. Am. interactions in market for hair.
lil girl I was born and raised in columbus hey this chick thinks she's a rapper lmfao
ofc he is.
Dope I will send it over Via Text. If your not local I can do everything over the phone.
I Hate Having ADD , I Can Never Do My Homework . I Get Too Distracted . . /:
Where do you rank peyton on the qb list? Which round (12 team league) would you take him?
I need to find something to do my house is like a fucking prison!!!
#10thingsaboutme I've met Justin bieber 2 years ago. For those who want to meet him, don't lose hope, your day will come soon
Powers out / all electric... I tried Making french press coffee in the shower, but no luck
Funny I was wondering same thing. American idol is so irrelevant.
“: I JUST SHAVED BUT MY ROOM IS FREEZING. WHAT A WASTE OF SHAVING CREAM AND MY TIME” I hate when this happens omgg
Recurly is hiring talented engineers. Check Recurly/jobs. We relocate to San Francisco HQ.
a trying-to-sound-smart error. larger rule: never try to *sound* smart.
Kill me now please
I kinda want my mom to bring food home >_<
Workouts around the world: Top 10 scenic spots for exercising
HOPE U LIKE THIS AND HAV A GRAND 4th OF JULY! <3
Only 2 cool kids on this mufugin' bus!
Hey Everyone's playing ME3 today as they love the series Fix your mistake!
nothing much what's up with you
ambien makes everything better.. actually being able to sleep is the least cool of the awesomeness it contains.
Nothing's weirder than getting into an elevator with Leonardo DiCaprio. I should tell him, "I'm the Kin of the world."
": Not talking to you kills me."
We thank you for the follow!-www.starttheconversations.com
Is that your cat or is my twitter desktop caching an old icon where you have a fuzzy animal around your neck?
Life sucks sometimes...
I seriously need to stop watching infomercials. Each thing is more amazing than the last. Billy Mays could sell you cancer if he wanted.
Women usually end up getting fat, and that scares me.
Yinz need to reactivate your twitter feed...
i still need to receive one more thing, I think xD
Fuck it, u can't even hate. #congrats to for landing a lecture at New York University.
So true!
Sittin here with this dog listening to music. Being
How will BBCOR bats change College Baseball? Maybe shorter gms will mean expanded TV coverage!
I certainly will!
“: Remember Weber held a "funeral" for Bill Self at Illinois? I'm thinking Self will remember when they play next year” Really
Thinking it might be the right time of day to try out "Truffle Brownies" recipe.
welcome logan:)
"And just as you want men to do to you,you also do to them like wise.". Luke 6:31
Omg you're watching spongebob too. I'm watching it right now xD
Congrats to all the 5 underclassmen for declaring for the draft. We love ya. #BBN fan from Portland, OR
Head over to #Fridays for #DJ Night featuring DJ Little B from 9pm-1:30am! Music, food, drinks and a great opportunity to mingle!
When your working on a very time consuming project, and everything seems more important than doing that project.
haha I just saw this :)
and i want to thank you because they both r special needs and couldn't speak until they began singing Ur songs so thank you
hey you! How's it going.
GO FIGURE FIRE THE WOMAN! The head of JP Morgan Chase needs to be fired for not knowing what was going on!
you're so kind! We hope we can be worthy enough to be on your iPod someday!
Yep. Body & Soul came on on Tuesday, May 1. :)
We are working on the final design of the Pitt Board
Ive had many interests throughout the years but whether playing or coaching, basketball has always been and always will be my true love
I Want A Strawberry Margarita...
LOL... I will drink less...I know that, and that's a good thing with Steelers on the horizon. Sending my season ticket $ soon.
I'm not doing anything laying down feeling a little sick
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
awesome! We'd be ok with that too :)
Nunez sucks in the outfield! He ran SO slow to that double, and once again, it cost us.
it is both!!!!! haha but we really would make a great tv show haha
I wish you got it. Or someone did. No one does.
the pizza king in mooresville is gross! 😝
My last tweet was in november
Common Sense & Twitter don't mix. People's ridiculous hate for Bosh blinds any common sense.
The Kingdom of God is within man.
lol i still have last fridays blues then
Damnit, I failed to get #dld2012 tickets because it wouldn't accept my captcha response. Bull shit technology.
Omg, dying.
www.inkscreens.com - Best Screen Printers in the World. (in our opinion :P)
RT : You have to control the experience, or others will control it and let you down. Think Apple &
Thanks For The Help On The Followers Sweetie
To c guys I've dated, married & having babies
On the road to Jersey
MWWC very thin....
Smart man.
Happy Birthday Gil!!! =D
You can't fake this.
Just added a show at the Grapevine this Sunday night 10-2 for the last weekend before they move. Come hang out-BH
I entered 's giveaway
So I was in school and this nigga jus snitched on me
Thanks, Timmy!!
I?ve hardly started twittering, and people are already following me?
thank you(:
blake and nick :) RT : Saying "ew" when you hear someone's name that you don't like.
I always hit "ignore call" when it's ah bill collector
Up at 5:30 AM making gingerbread catfish.
oh. Okay. So sup
haha I know what you mean but still a little weird. I don't look backwards, why encourage it in others?
also, why do all photos on the ipad have to go full screen? if I have a smaller image, why cant it just have a black boarder around it?
If you think your gonna get a tear drop out of these eyes..... Baby think again!!!!!
held my own. A little snuggling & playing. Looking forward to tonights festivities.
We miss your bald head and snarky humor. We care, Grant. We care hard.
absolute gratitude and appreciation.
: well thank you!! It's great to be home! Have a great week as well!
It's getting a little warm out there today. Time to come to Old Sac and cool off with some Ice Cream Hope to see you soon!
Thank the lord! Or else it would be
Have you tried deep water running in a pool? If you can get your arm wet, it could be a good no impact alternative.
I'm so good! How are you? I love your tweets, btw. They make me giggle with joy!
Going to rehearsal!!!
RT : After hearing Jim Irsay call Peyton a "politician," Rob Lowe now reporting that Manning has entered race for Rep. nomin ...
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Ohio!
The Best Ways To Integrate Special Needs Students - NPR
that's going to be so cute!! :D
um. That doesn't make any sense.
Time she fell in love with him. Well that's cool, babygirl, do your thing. Lucky I didn't get jay to drop him from the team."
someone give me singing lessons LOL.
“: Gas is $4 a gallon...biking makes sense ”
.. He's amazing, seriously. So much energy!! #SPACEINVADERS is THE BiZZNASSSSSSSSSSS
As long as the don't pass it to Lebron in the 4th..they should be fine
This is more frustrating than it's worth. I'll catch the reruns tomorrow.
taking your vitamins and saying your prayers has sadly lost all meaning.
man if followed me id fuck a unicorn^u^
been drinking wine all night.. steves gettin us faded. lol
Damn here he go lookin good again
lay your phone flat on its back
Sandwich Emporium is open late till 10pm tonight! Enjoy your weekend!
Have a new appreciation for belly dance after being at Dina in DC all day. Love how everyone embraced their bodies, no matter what shape!
Are you suggesting I'll be fired? Naughty!
ive had hair for quite a while now,its gettin old now
do u think #Oregon gets invited to the big dance? Thoughts on how far they could go w/ the recent success and hot shooting
I cant sleep worth shit!!!
Scoliosis is the devil. Got physically ill today after the deep tissue physical therapy. Im still not seeing straight... :/
Because I'm colder than the others, its what sets me apart.
True. It just makes me think of #90210. Maybe this person is a hardcore fan??
Once we reach 1000 follwers on Twitter and Facebook both, we will give away a prize! Details are coming soon!
I nearly drunk-texted the cunt that slept with my boyfriend after he said he wanted monogamy.
Proms on a Friday, tf.
Picking up at DFW
If you haven't already, please like our facebook page! We are only 14 likes away from 200! :D
xoxo Have a great day!
Jason Bradley has gone mobile, welcome to the new Era!
still too soon. cannot speak of the game that will not be mentioned.
well it was worth having the game on...nice profile pic by the way.
It's almost time for and to dance. Make sure you vote!!
it was great! Loved seeing you and at last night's gala!
Killer 2 hour drum session with my boy havnt played like that in a minute!!!!
Thanks for the info, Lesley! Enjoy the weekend.
my mom said no because she said we already spent too much on prom lol.
Random tidbits after #TecmoVIII....Tecmo V champion Buzzsaw retains highest Win% at 86%...James (skunkerofBIW) reached 30 wins in Madison...
Nap time through the video?
Robert about to catch these hands.
Challenge: When a negative thought enters your mind, think three positive ones. TRAIN YOURSELF to flip the script!
#ProjectBlue includes tier1 features like unlimited expansion, deduplication & thin provisioning right out of the box.
The hottest place on earth is a good show.
um yes
We are having a blast representing my company
Hey follow me cause it's me Zeb!!!
early elections in Israel! *fingers crossed for Kadima*
O.O...nope not creepy at all. :P
My neighbor just got some new teeth & confidently talks to a female stranger. Now he's got his groove back too!
that's awesome I wanna see you in phx but I'm a little on the broke side these days! ;)
It's like this: #GoPanthers. Don't use spaces or it doesn't work.
Went to an old "4CANCER" THRIFT STORES that felt like it gave me cooties w/ 3000 items on a rack smellin' of moth balls! but $1 stuff! wow!
": So nice hanging with ya'll the other day. Thanks for everything! I had a great time." You blew us away! Xoxo!
ASCO conference has officially fucked my Sunday. I can pronounce about a third of the words in these abstracts
WHAT UP CT?
Listening to
the entire city smells that way!?
Ugh! Dumb lady didnt stop and hit her car into our bus.
New record...it took three hours to get home from work.
I have spread my dreams beneath your feet. Tread softly because you tread on my dreams
Best advice, in general, be specific about what you want for your sound. We can't read minds but we listen well + do what you ask
please do!!
#ForbesOnFox wake up and im still thinking $$$$$$$$
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
RT : RT : i'm so excited to be recording my first radio show with todd oldham today! details here, tune in live at 12pm
just hangin with my bro Postal today. needed a brother to talk at..
happens to the best
hahahaha, hipsters have serious love for pbr...
All these tweets and statuses about people being on Summer vacation already are preventing me from getting any work done.
There is enough time to update social media pages but not me.
Let us determine to die here, and we will conquer.
Alright... Last excited tweet (for now) I'm just so thrilled that is starting our #wudmusic season. Such a happy beautiful night.
- wow - there really is NO WAY for that NOT to sound stalker-ish! :/
Perfect spring day :-) yard work here we come!
ok i'll meet you in between 12 and 12:30 and i hope you have your charger lol
I'm in twitter jail :'(
is wondering whether or not she's "Tweeting!"
Now what your going to say. Sitting there stuck cause its true.
#prettylittlethings ... finalizing poster designs.
#smash was Amazing!!!!! Katherine McPhee!!!
Hes a GUY. He doesnt understand Dawn like i can. She wants a future like idk...the MINE music Video! Love & marriage! She deserves that!
I like your new picture:) stop being so cute please?
Walkers ad. Don't let Barrett take us back. Back to what? Creating jobs?
Word. That track is a killer.
. it depends on the quality of the pool. Old pools that need work done to them can sometimes cost more than a new one.
what is your user name? I will take a look. Also make sure you have location turned on
I love just dance 3 (:
Its KINDA racist, but I consider mexican bands the scum of the earth. its just annoying and gross to me for some reason
I thought I took it out. We'll do a mail trade.
I just lol'd at that convo.
hi i never got a email from you about making money using my twitter acct ? also lookat swom.com letme?
Cool; thanks for sharing.
oh and yoox is marking down to 80% - really?
New computer; new company name; almost ready to launch :)
Spoke with short sale negotiator today...moving forward!
Did that really just happen?
I'll see if bob and corey wanna play
cuz your moms a smart lady that's why!
idk but we gotta do something fast or its gonna be another long season
Don't miss me too much :P
B/C I follow and they let me know about #DCMeatWeek I have just signed up my whole office for all u can eat brisket.
Having an amazing time !!
love you.
COME ON YOU GUYS COME TURN A TABLE WITH US
That Toronto loss on Sat hurts even more now
just started today and I love it!! Thanks for watching!
Sadder problems in #SunlandPark: recently eight children have had to be removed from homes there—due to neglect—from squalid rooms—drug use.
Sometimes I think the chance for love has passed me by...
Happy Thanksgiving
“: Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me?”
IF U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW & xD
Seize the throne! Seize the mantle!
And, in #SnowFlowerAndTheSecretFan by , when Lily thinks Snow Flower has broken their laotong pact.
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake um..even though girls aren't supposed to take guys i'd take it wouldn't happen:/
And Papelbon gets the save
Good morning lovers! ❤
"How's this? Think you can do it now?"
that's good stuff
I'll be gloomy but send that rainbow to me and my shadows will fly :3
Oh close minded is for the weak man...music is music as long as it's not Country or Western....blech on that shit.....
SHOUT OUT FOR SHOUT OUT??!
Seeing your stickers everywhere- thats awesome.
It was finally looked at 5 mins ago. Batteries need to be changed; exactly what I said was wrong. On Monday.
great Band!!! Everybody go BUY NOW!!!
oak brook, swanky - some other time then
Botham will take a position with the UW-M Alumni Association. UW-M officials will conduct a nationwide search for her replacement.
i enjoy telling abby that yoga is chicken soup for her teenage soul.
6 weeks of hard work and effort pays off tomorrow. It's all or nothing. JMR Track and Field, let's go home tomorrow as Conference Champs!
THE ? 4 TDY, SHOULD I "Q" IT UP, or TREAT MYSELF 2 TX RDHSE???? WHAT YA THINK????
Make sure to send out a picture of if you see him.
My 23 year old son got his first full time job this week working at Panera's Bread. Very excited for him.
yeah, I know. It's less off putting to US non fans to go with soccer I think. And days like today are the ones to reel them in
dance. dance like no ones gonna put it on you tube.
Hanger is taking over, we need breakfast food!
well I'll have to now that I have a hot date ;-)
Devls Game Wed! We only wanted a split anyway!
when things don't go as planned <<< ugh
ACTUAL CANNIBAL SHIA LABEOUF why is this stuck in my head
I'd hate to be kroy
Ballot shortage?Try intelligence shortage! Or civil rights shortage! Or human dignity shortage.The Anchorage No vote says no heart.
Love working with our partners! Just got off a great call with this morning :)
merry twitter christmas & go easy on the hop devil...
If you missed Karoake tonight #youwrongfordat make it out next week.
I think I have a thing for African men. They are sexy chocolate with a accent n Kno how to treat women.
Some girls just want a baby so they can feel loved..
Go team Rotten Core!! Stay strong and rock the !!! Woot woot
Other 3 libraries are open on Sat., and popular reserves will have duplicates at Zimmerman. Anything else you need from CSEL?
Stopped by Dodd Hall today to visit nurses/PTs/OTs. Felt really good to ambulate w/o assistance & have them remember me 4 mos. later. :)
im the only girl here ...
is the sweetest person ever...just saying :) <3
those bitches!
Rocks & Nuggs in LA at the same time...Sounds like a weekend in LaLa land is in order
Visiting offices to talk #NoKidHungry & social strategy
Looks like Baylor is taking care of business..
If you're sitting by us at Lambeau tomorrow, I hope you like Snickers raining down on your domepiece
Yet it seems like whenever I need an actual big box, I can never find one
I'm just tweetin up a storm tonight lol
Just sittin on my sofa with my bean dip waiting for the Marshawn Lynch show to start
Great OT victory HAWKS!
Yeah Buddy
Come on Iron Maiden, lift me up!
Tired of all this work! #may20cantgetherefastenough #
Thank you for following. I hope you have an awesome day! , , ,
I do tweet constantly and you only follow 60 but I follow 945 lol.
I'm curious, what is the ratio of the type of flying people are doing these days? Business to pleasure. How does it compare to 2 years ago?
Am I the only one who thinks this sounds messed up? comes to Miami oftenly and I haven't met him o.O
At work.. can't wait to be done
I want to be the one you’re waiting for, not the one waiting for you.
Looks like my site will be launching soon! Trying to balance out freelance work/regular work & my personal work can be challenging!
Nice new Snufkin (and is Cat back?)
12 days until the Restaurant Show!!! Can't wait!
That's a great story! I remember when he came to the 2006 Mich-Wisconsin football game and got a standing ovation.
In case you didn't notice: TOMORROW'S FRIDAY!!
lets just try to remember open bottles don't go upside down
thanks for having us. Next month will be a hoot. See you there.
we watch the lakers series from last year.
TONIGHT! Catch at Nickleby's Lounge (1947 W. Market - behind CVS) in #Akron!
looking for a prince charming costume online! gotta be beast if i'm gonna dress up as him.
This white bitch keeps turning off the air when I go back to my room. We play this game every night. She is asking for a oak cliff beatin
Follow a job interview with a quick email thank you and a hand-written note in the mail. Classy and show you're still interested.
Go Yanks! Couldn't sit in BAL in 50 degrees on a Tuesday...its all Yankee fans though
well, there can't be THAT many Adeshina's here
Researching #SharePoint stats to prove market will continue to grow in next 5 years. Have you seen any stats on #O365 sales? Can't find any.
For summer
There are a bunch of Mayans downstairs playing Europe's "The Final Countdown" on clay flutes. Is that a good omen for 2012? Just wonderin'
#TNI Plane leaving from LAX. Next stop, New York :-)
I just heard from a friend whose son will be one of the very few left in Iraq for Christmas. His name is Frank...pray Christmas blessings!
Congrats to on the Grammy win
If I go to the dollar store, and not the 99cents store, does that make me snobby? Can I get better stuff?
Wondering why flags were half mast? Honor of Peace Officers Memorial & Police Week.
Thanks!. I have read GM Ford. I like his protagonist, Leo Waterman.
I'm giving you birthday sex, just fly me out to you <3
Worried sick
Bob Huggins - Run 5 vs. 4 drills to force rotations with open post, take one defender off the floor and it will force talk.
I hope the single hair in my mouth on my moto ride to work was at least mine.
Glad the wind has died down. Hope everyone stayed safe and away from the fires.
Next, get Richard Marx to ride the pepper.
These idiots won't let me quit smokin
#WordOfAdvice: Look back at your life and say "I can't believe I did that" instead of saying "I wish I did that."
So yeah...... :P hahahaha
OMG my mama bout to piss me TF off!
Anybody tired of hearing about the Superbowl???
Have you already compete on a #piano contest?
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
*cough* *cough* ...i dunno, still feeling a little under the weather...
Idaho police investigating after 10-year-old brings semi-automatic gun ... - The Republic
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt.
You on lake June huh? RT : yuhhh! Since yall live down the street from me nshit.
: I do lol! But not as much as before cause I got it :-D Woo hooo! ♥♥♥♥
There must be have been something between us, even if it was only an ocean. #here'stowhateverthatwas
: The average sale price for NYC property hit $12.6M in 1Q12, an all-time record
swear the biggest lie is saying. "it's not that i dont trust you, i just dont trust them" the fuuuck?
okay I fixed it . Chill
you would think that lol
Just felt the earth move in Dallas. Spooky. Apparently there was a 5.6 earthquake in OK City but it was felt in Dallas!
I wanted to go today but i dont want to be sick at church :/
Well my future co-workers seem pretty chill :) that's a plus!!
And were off too #museumbar with the homies
count your blessings, not your problems.
I did drive a mustang but just gave it up for something more realistic. :(
2 hours to doors. Kegs loaded in. Homebrew competition judges here!
I Caught A Cold, &My Whole Body Hurts. 👎😱 Great.
Good Morning Twitter! It's been several days but I'm back! Hope you all had a safe holiday weekend.
hey what are u doin
Seriously, it's been snowing steadily for over 7 hours now. Weird. And awesome.
Great things happening in Mansfield, Ohio with !
PS...don't waste your money eating at CARRABA's restaurant....overpriced "frozen" food, horrible service.....it was disgusting....
Lakers split at home, win the series in five.
it's already a hassle lol.
We <3 Design! Can't wait to see you!
hey zac is this your real twitter account?
worst sequel; my second wedding video
Happy birthday Chicago! Might have to get Ginos this week to celebrate.
The helps with market rules & compliance and enforces Federal Laws for the protection of all consumers!
thanks for all of the follows so far!!! Tell your friends to come and follow me!!!
Thinking of a master plan!
My account was hacked a couple of weeks ago...when did u get this?
Herradura Double Barrel Reposado for sale here!
I would get a bad blister 3 days before I need to wear heels for once this semester..
okay I believe you well there's always the 3:15 bell !
check us out
i do actually need something new to read
Z Is that why Miranda's dogs go along on tour? A steady supply of hair of the dog?
Getting closer to finishing the writing for a new book
love that! we can't wait to see you in 2011! happy new year, amanda!
thanks!! And it's in Colorado to!
no thanks
How do you come in someones house and dont speak until you get ready to leave.... But ur supposed to be the adult
yippee..that is so exciting..Thankyou so much..I am so happy to share my music:):)
sorry Marla is making me focus on school.... *rollsmyeyes
Genius isn't his best overall film, but that said he acquits himself well in fighting back against Ford powers-that-be.
what happens if I get pulled over? i get a ticket? lol.
It's a great path. I really admire those that teach dvlp!
In this world of sin and sorrow there's always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican. -H.L. Mencken
It doesn't matter how much NFL experience the CU Buffs coaching staff has, this year's squad is embarrassing.
In SC the Alinsky and Chicago reference is code that joins Jews and Blacks. Newt coining votes by stoking bigotry.
also like the samples on track two, sound like some old soul cuts
LA bound for a networks research conference at Annenberg - meetings tmrw - but updates on websci & semantic web friday
hi love the show
Talking with the team about Agile tools for Kanban boards...someone suggested an Etch A Sketch. Anyone try it?
How do you make five pounds of fat look good? Give it a nipple.
i can't believe you have to be 20 to go to a casting call for #realworld . oh well, one more year :)
carly rae jepsen's voice kinda sounds similar to selena gomez's voice...:P
Not sure many football fans care much about cycling.
hello my friend!
“: So My parents rush me home so they can go out -__- #homealone” throw a party
I'm convinced eggnog is the single most racist beverage on the planet.
Today is CWSL Halloween Auction and dress-up day, and we forgot our costume! Any last-minute suggestions for law-related Halloween costumes?
Didn't think I was getting lunch, then someone brought chocolate cake and diet Coke. :-)
The 8 days before mother's day miracle?
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." ~ Harriet Beecher Stowe
I hate scope creep, but have to admit that "scope creep" is fun to say.
wicked times ahead!
#ThingsThatPleaseMe All Time Low of course
My outfit for the concert tomorrow >>>
Congrats sister , named Sorority President of the Year at !
Just heard the WIAA city conference regional final between Milwaukee Riverside & MIlwaukee King ended early due to a fight.
left me hanging on Skype last night. it's cool.
I forgot to pay you....and I am ashamed.
well we really need to
I love you to the moon and back
Campana letting everyone and their mother know there's 2 outs.
Head Nigga In Charge
Kobe a good coach...he does have his team winning without him....hmm. one day maybe
There are things I like about Hurdle. Really. And he does get some credit for team playing better. BUT.......
May the 4th be with you!
Ikr. I'm tring to get a solid booking contact Ppl be tring to ripoff n they on some sugar cookie shit
MISSING OUT DUDE!!!!!
...but, I'd rather just have wine or a Norcal margarita!
That's a tough call! Right now, Fiction: Yoko's Show-and-Tell. Nonfiction: A Street Through Time.
spanish does suk! (:
Off 2 watch Idol, Who do you think America will chose? I dont think anyone can beat Adam at this point, but he wasnt my favorite this year!
I hope your parents know what you're doing, silly child.
hm picking the winner who already has an iPad in the picture...rude. Oh well, excited for Opening Day!
that sounds more like a vacation than a sacrifice!
1: 1,027... the ratio of Israeli to Palestinians released today. Safe journeys, all of you.
Feeling inspired today. Am sure a two hour town hall meeting will build on that momentum.
hey its been a while whats up?
I love what you've been doing with the #SanDiego #hip-hop scene - giving artists a voice & an outlet. Do you record as well?
Camarones Blancos Sautéed shrimp, mushrooms, onions, green peppers&carrots in creamy jalapeño sauce,on white rice, with a seafood cake
because you're a part of #teamnosleep ... No time for that shit ha
all the other roofs are jealous too :) play still running?!
why you spell your name with an E, is that how it be on your birf certificate homie? Or that your dj name?
go away rain we need to beat the Yankees and hit the Jordan's sign!
Happy Sunday, everyone! Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Busy but really nice weekend, too. Made breakfast in bed for Rachel & a visiting mom! Max helped deliver and then eat! LOL! :)
If you think the way to a man's heart is through his stomach , you're aiming too high
Back to school, college starts tomorrow. Gonna be rockin jap 101 in the morning! Wish me luck!
It may not seem like a big deal getting retweeted by them, but it's actually amazing being noticed by Austin, Alex or the rest of the crew!
I can't wait! It will be so fun!
Already sweating.
Sagittarius sees sex & adventure with Scorpio They may fall in love become friends fast or enemies for life They are dedicated to 1 another
FROM THE MOMENT I MET YOU~
I miss you more.
I have changed my picture, but I haven't dyed my hair yet. But son....
a z-pak
I'm at the Point Loma Ocean Beach Realty Association Board meeting. What can we do to better serve YOU?
do we need to get the early to get in today?
He's picked an immigration policy then? :)
Ah, cool -- any particular job focus or position?
THANKS for the RT!!!
ditto! Great pics Rosa! Natalie - we still need to brunch!!! Xo
*food falls on floor* Little germs: Get it!!! King germ: NOO!! we must wait five seconds!
Did you know that there have been 9 collies starring as ? All of the dogs have been descendants of the original
Awesome...Found my long lost Primo!
Also glad Rachael Maddow was born.....
Last Puma tournament today!
text me
yo amir not gonna be able to make it. Call me asap
Lol. Cheer moderately :)
Finally home from a double shift!
Yeah. 8-5 is fair. I
Fielding emails from potential apartment subletters. Makes me want to eat carbs.
CAPT Leo Falardeau-wonderful presentation & admirable naval officer. So glad officers like him are going to be my superiors.
What u up 2? With people or alone?
Hearing 50-50 chance from excellent sources that we flip this sucker. Please do everything you possibly can over next 36 hours.
I'm way too obsessed with my dream, that I never sleep. Got to get up in about 3 hours.
Helped another real estate investor buy a 4/2 1800 sf Block home last week for 41k! Man it is a great time to buy a home in Tampa Fl
in Ted we trust, he knows who and what he wants, solid players, superbowl
Thanks for sharing Julie's TEDx video! Glad you enjoyed.
Great to see Churches for Children getting more attention. And I loved the other piece on your family!
Vader's on that ship...
We're on Groupon! Follow us at www.groupon.com/merchants/the-chocolate-library so we can start creating great deals for YOU!
xtina thinks people watch #TheVoice to see her. Chris Mann "classically trained in ways that I'm not". Like being classy? WTF r u wearing?
no! You are!
The dude you ain't gotta lie to. How real is that? We about facts. Not afraid of how another reacts.
Playing "Where are they now?" using my yearbook & Facebook. Makes me grateful for everything I have... like all of my teeth.
Tony Lucca on #thevoice has family locally!
Ride the rails to #NationalTrainDay at the museum on Saturday from noon to 3:30. Model trains, , & more! Free.
Big huge shout out to for her help during The booth was AWESOME
thank you so much!
She working. Call it grinding.
: Love you so much you singing is the bestt!
My NBA is back, and all the employees who count on that money for they're lively hood back as well! Happy Hollidays this is a great day!
any questions for legendary songwriter Chip Taylor? i'm interviewing him this morning for Huffpo.
Haven't left Dell, just revamped the profile.
Why does twitter keep unfollowing people randomly?!
So how is everyone tonight?
Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets.
Credit LSU for answering right back. Guess that long Ducks TD drive gave LSU O time to wake up and join the battle. Game on
haha shut up
sucks . Im sitting in class bumping . .
oh haha I get it now xD
RESPECT internet radio. Listeners are only one click away from becoming fans (Website, Email list, etc) or Customers (iTunes)
You're certainly welcome!
War Horse was a great movie. And I'm Staying in tonight
SecondMarket is selling shares on....Secondmarket.
well, my cats did once knock a knife off the counter and it almost hit me!
had so much fun
Why hello there, Master Master Koford.
if you get any takers on the time machine, will you please take me with you?! I won't bug you, I could even walk home!
Don't think that was a travel...
:) RT “: Just heard the soundtrack for their 2012 production. #swoon”
Look for us at the Fit In Fashion Lounge Tailored by amNewYork this NY fashion week! February 9th-16th!
Does this say something about your librarian skills? #whatgoodisinformationifnoonecanfindit ;-)
SERIOUSLY , WHO DOESN'T THINK IM CUTE ? GOD DAMN IM ONE CONCIETED BIOTCH LOLOLOLOLOL
Why am I thinkin' today is Saturday?!
Los Angeles better watch out for this fierce group of lurdies tonight!!!
Note to self: don't DVR #sharktank and then go on --> is a spoiler machine!
Angelica, again I read it and felt accurate, precise, exact, and truthful
I need to know if the rumors I've been hearing are true, are you gonna be working with I please get an answer
Heavy Medication?
I feel like you two could turn lesbian fo eachother. Just saying.
lmao. this shit don't stop! RT Woke up still turnt up!!!
I don't know what else to call it lol. It really does look like a castle. Inside and out
Gonna pee my pants. Ohmygod. Swear to god everything is fucking crazy this weekend.
Going to start broadcasting again in about 20mins.
Merry Christmas!
Merci, I'll look up the book
Dream bigger than big
They also have the players to play an attacking, go out and win style instead of Operation Nil-Nil
about to check out of school with my girlfriend
You know I heard that hand sanitizer only for 28 seconds once exposed to the air...I know of something that works for 4 hours...
If it wasn't for some of my residents and the memory of little Bentley , I would quit my job .
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she prefers pretty flowers instead of a jumbo box of chocolates.
Ok so confidence and being relaxed can work against you too...lol
I'll take it.
signing up a new client that could open several additional doors.
Better get ready because #contest is warming up for next weeks launch!
maybe you should come over to the NW and visit!! ;)
Spanish Town formerly known Santiago de la Vega is the largest city in Jamaica and has several monuments historic buildings.
have fun taking mcas i dnt have too
"Heat vs OKC" Heat Wins in 6. Not really what I want, but it's how I see it.
Feel free to stop in and check out our new brunch menu. It's out of this world!!
We could help them with that! In the mean time, you can try clearing your cookies and using incognitomode
They just have us a 2 hrs break.. Getting paid to do what I love most. 🍃
wondering if social networks are a destination or a medium? probably end up more towards medium in the future.
Writing proposals is so inspiring! I love putting ideas on paper before they come to life!!!
Popped the string in my sweats yesterday from a spinning class, it was critical!
u gonna make one right now?
Why am I #stillawake?! Should be sleeping, but #YOLO ;)
imy no homo
Laces out!!!
I absolutely love my English class.
THANKS A MILLION ADD US ON FACEBOOK "JACKIE SPEAKS RADIO SHOW"
All I know is that better have been at work today ready to roll…
To the guys singing The Band at Recessions' karaoke, awesome!
Thanks for the retweet,
Wildcat three and outs | Very few and far between | Nice "bounce back" series |
Lets face it, life is all about Sex and Love. Follow for everything on love, sex and more!
One way or another I'm gonna find ya I'm gonna getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha One way or another I'm gonna win ya-Blondie,One Way Or Another
I hope i never cross your mind, Im glad i never entered your heart but its okay we where doomed from the start.
#AlexandriaVA hosts Navy Band Cruisers, Saturday, May 12, 6 p.m., Market Square. Free entertainment!
Guess what Oklahomies? We won Battle of the Bands today at Ink Life Tour! Round two tomorrow, 2 pm! Come rock with us!
Omg I can't spell tonight.
& Ben Ellman, y'all were great ~ RT: Just did an interview with Nick Spitzer for on NPR....nice guy:)
#PerrySucks RT : Perry's Spokesman Ray Sullivan says that Perry might start skipping debates,
Follow to get instant followers
The launch of a new press is always daunting, but we're nearing completion on the first book. 2011 is blinding bright so far.
Dont You Hate it When your Talkin To a Chick And.You Forget Or Call Her By The Wrong Name
oh, really? that's how you do me? I thought we were better than that. Hmph! LMAO
I Slept in then hit the sales lol :-) Hope u and ur Family had a Wonderful Christmas!!
Yay! won a golden globe. So happy right now...
Back in Zanesville... Recovering from the flu bug and happy to be home with the family. Tomorrow brings more Java training and work.
That's a sexy look!
Some of y'all on my timeline really need to stop complaining bout life and start thanking God for what you do have.
Nahh, nothing freaks him out. Haha
You can turn a song off? I will Google this. I dislike iTunes but then I remember I once owned a Zune. *shudder*
Gold award proposal = approved :D
You just getting up? I am feeling the change of seasons right now.
I'm embarrassed to be a Conservative/Christian tonight.
It really sucks when the one person you can always count on to make you smile, is the one making you cry.
"And I thank you everyday, for giving her that ounce of faith. "
you better ! Do you still have my number ?
Traverse City Named one of the Ten Best Places to Vacation by Na ...: National Geographic called a trip to the Cherry Capital one of ...
*KAEJAE* SAID: HOW COME SOME GIRLS LYK BAD BOYS IN SOME GIRLS LYK NERDS I DNT GET IT....
Dear Algerbra, stop asking us to find your X, she's not coming back
Talking to my #bestfriend made this so much better. So
Exposing kids to various musical styles helps them appreciate our differences as well as the things we all have in common.
At my baby's house <3 ahh gunna cuddle and watch movies :)
Sometimes I just need to be held.
awe thanks that was beautiful and very sweet of you!! Your next!! Keep at it!!! God bless you!!
We also do repairs, what a Christmas gift. Invest in ur biggest investment and save ur money on unwanted gifts.
#Bearcats #Bigeast #cincinnati Heading to the Cincinnati-Rutgers game in the morning. Go Bearcats!
Thanks so much! We'll keep in touch, I promise! ;)
Good! We have a lot in common! ;)
Debating what I should bring with me to the #vwe all-hands meeting: laptop, iPad, or both?
U Better Believe It!!!!!
just wait until you start Ballin in Mad-town....they'll start following bro!
oh my god i know!!!! i cant friggen wait!!!!
Wow! The Bavaria had a great spec for the price. Silky smooth 2800 inline 6. Replaced the more expensive 2500
its only one game, they still gotta half
I'm so in... Gonna get more tix now! RT “: The jackpot went up to $640 million that ish kray! ”
I know as we had called CNN too and they said they were working on it. We have interviews lined up NYC media and did USA Today.
The Importance of Grounding: glad I ripped up the carpet; even though there are pet stains on the hardwoods, at least I know
No Im Not & No iDont -_-
in and of itself there is no "problem" with you going to brown. that's great! (1/2)
Love all these Paramore TT's lately. <3 Paramore Will Stop the Whole World
If everything goes well today ill have a new phone and pierced ears
false lol oh well. How those tigers doing?
can't wait to watch y'all play UT! Congrats my dudes.
my bad osmic menoe mentioned to me about the hip-hop publication that u write for.
Running a fucking test here people now who is getting this, you answer Ladyfuckwit
checking emails and social networks
RT : Congrats to #WVU alum Mike Fulton () on his new gig with the agency.
Living the dream!
I am Afraid of deaths that might find in the rubble left in this small town #Henryville #INwx I'm BLESSED my prayers were answered ♥
Couldn't agree more!
No problem!!!!!! Anytime bb
ok meet in ballroom area?
OH: life is too short to drink crap. I wouldn't drink miller lite with a 10 foot pole.
I am so fucking mad right now. I wish I had tickets to the fucking tour because then I could tell what they were. Uhg bye
#aguyshould always give his girl some attention. if you don't have his attention, someone else does
I celebrate myself, and sing myself. And what I assume you shall assume -Walt Whitman
yes. I will be out for 10days
Thanks, its a great way to get your day started. Check with us tomorrow, we're starting to offer our new deals to our followers!
yep :3 and its nice to see you on twitter lol
hope you enjoyed your visit with us! SMILE BIG!
Holy shit, I'd like to thank Lincoln Center in advance for Friday, July 6 and my date with LOST HIGHWAY on the big screen.
Rancid is still awesome. Today's jam: black lung
an early morning in the East Bay, writing a paper about bots on Wikipedia
has serious man love for
Here putting some music in my IPod!! Love the new songs!! :))
I did bro just refresh
#SideChickBirthdayGifts < Socks from Dollar Tree
hey girl hows it going? you still at Marquette High?
Annie win please! The man is amazing!
A total of US$38.5bn in deals was announced, compared to US$97.8bn worth of deals in Q1 2011 in the Asia Pacific region....
Ladies and gentlemen, the very special guest for this evening's show is... MICHAEL NESMITH. Tix available at the door!
Closing the encore with "I Got Mine" These guys owned it
.......so sad. God loves you. Stop for Demi, stop for YOU.
is the site down?
That song will always have a special place in my heart. Mostly cause it's just plain awesome.
If I get a QB after 4 neck surgeries, I would hold onto my prayer warriors
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively. -Dalai Lama XIV
I LOVE 's "Tuskegee"
BREAKING: Procter & Gamble to move the headquarters of its global beauty products unit to Singapore from Cincinnati (sucks to be in #OHIO)
“: Many times God uses your setbacks as a setup to springboard you toward the great things He has planned for you.”
Basketball Wives LA
that's a bunch of shit
Congrats / Holly Cisneros / La Salle Catholic College Preparatory senior will sign to play women's lacrosse at Fresno State University.
Are you going to eat a deep fried Oreo or Snicker bar?
Librarianship is a human activity. People helping people regardless of the tools.
He should be tried as a war criminal. Sickening isn't it?
RT : New message from source says its down to Jaguars trying to move up to #4 with Vikings.
I just e-mailed you at It will be easier for you to respond to me there. I appreciate your help.
A cutie with a real ghetto booty
"Moonboots" is going on the playlist for the Urban Bear Fair tomorrow.
Started a crown molding project in my living room this evening. I already don't want to finish it. Plaster walls just don't square up.
Order sent to Jessica in NM!
I know right!!! ": Its amazing the lil stupid things that make news! Kim/Kanye dating?"
yo you at the SC & Oregon track meet sat !
some nigga thru up on tha bus stop today...i gave him an atltoid when he was done :)
haha yes! We most make plans!
apparently they're not Alabama or UT fans, No mention of brother or sister
At the gym, but can't do it... Too tired lol!!!
Passing out after a great night in Philly. Excited to spend the weekend in New York.
I have some dvd's for that called "Better Sex with Yoga"
LoL.": "You didn't wear a life vest? Oh ya, you know how to swim." my Mom."
im on it
Just met the Cable Guy - looks like I'll be in the #Pentagon episode of his show!
The Brewers suck eggs.
Ok Oregon... I moved from Denver to get AWAY from the snow!
2/2 statesman: "...especially one who shows wisdom in treatG or directG public matters"
"Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world needs more drive-in theaters
nice I love that movie I'm listening to music with my friend
Off to Bubba Burger to see the game with the Fam..Gators up by 20? Cinderella..Start Packin')-Go Gators!!
who are the finalists?
ahh i see. Ha thats cool. Start skating again son!
anxious to get a full lineup together for so we can start owning your face with pop punk glory..
Shut up jerkwad lol I'm Gunna have get u for that lmao
Does anyone know that weekend games are what count in college baseball? No one cares about a tues gm.
So the starting wage at the #InNOut by my house is $10/per hour...I'm legitimately thinking about joining the team.
1 its a day full of music... Rock!!! lol 2 Ive already paid for my ticket 3 I said I was feeling a bit better lol
Great to be back to work'!!!!!
You're too legitimately cute and gorgeous to be thought of as a hooker ;)
you are one stylish lady!
Pedraza is a smooth, polished sharpshooter. He's gotta be in disbelief Garcia is still standing. 5 rounds in.
BARAJAS! Cash the ticket!
Thanks so much. Just took care of it (hopefully)
its actually 10 months from conception-birth...why are u even thinking about that
lol this is only our second. As long as there are no 10 3 games lol
talking about Phil Spector with Carol Connors ... radiokolamerica.com
it's a girl thangggggggg
New Jersey-bound for some much needed family time! Happy Spring Holidays, y'all!
good afternoon <3
I got none... And neither do you. Knicks in 2012!!
"I love you baby" ... if you ever said that to me I might die. you're one lucky guy. ; )
We have a show January 5th with Maelstroms and Queen Anne's Revenge at R&R Grill! Start off the new year right with some great jams.
": i think the big show is about to hulk up #avengers" He basically already is. He'll probably just turn green & stay the same size.
i wish i could pull off studded shorts !
'The whole world is watching us' -Jose Manuel Barroso, European Commission president. #Eurodebt meeting
RT : There's a sex school in Vienna, Austria. It includes co-ed dorms where students are supposed to practice their "lessons."
I see Berdych is being Berdych
Nick is collecting all of these people to bother in the middle of the night.
The ceiling of Severance Hall, #Cleveland Orchestra's home, reflects the design of Mrs. Severance's wedding dress.
Hey MARMALAKES, are you in town for sxsw? I think you'd dig the music at tmrw night!
Join us tonight, 6pm @ O'Aces on Rainbow & Cheyenne for the 1st UFC fight on Fox. Heavyweight Champion Cain Velasquez vs. Junior Dos Santos!
At what age do you think you should start stop saying HATERS, I say 18.
I love being on my wireless internet...all i gotta do is sign in to my cpu..unlike stupud NIU's
Dipped my feet in the spring-fed pool at Balmorhea today - 1 million gallons of water per hour flow from the spring.
you're not in Miami, bitch. I am.
I know huh? This is surely a sign that Facebook is about to become obsolete!
no doubt boss!
I'm at my granny's house :3
I have been so far. Thanks for taking the time with me.
We agree and are readying this and other advanced options for Comodo SecureDNS to give users more control. Stay tuned for more info.
It's a theatre day for me! Readying for a matinee performance of American Rapture and then see Much Ado About Nothing tonight.
I swear, I am making a book of Sarah-isms. Ch.1: The many uses of Oh Snap!
I named my Daughter after aubrey I love your show and dont get all worked up you look good the size you are Thick is the new Skinny
OMG! LOVE IT!! I can't even believe this ending!! BRA-F'in-VO ! (slow clap)
are you here at the Protomen show?
When you see "space doctor" in the agenda you can't help but be extremely excited!
Who going to da Halloween party tonight at Baja's???
