Looks like I'm rooting for a Coyotes/Devils Cup.
Is it just me or are all those sexist jokes about girls being in the kitchen/making sandwiches old? Anybody? Or is it just me?
are they over the ear headphones or like in ear buds?
#ThatFriend who will go with you to get your first tattoo!!
Big day for the board force the hundreds of filter. lego millennium falcon but it's everywhere in labor!
To all those #teamfollowback spammers... I WILL melt your computers.
Doing great hun! How r u?
Family is in town for an early Mother's Day party. It's going to be a day full of good laughs, good people & good food. :D
attempting to turn my phone meetings into standing meetings. lets see how this goes.
Alfonso Soriano said that he is willing to waive his no-trade clause, but only if the Cubs deal him to a contender
you know nothing about fish
Don't forget the Chicken Soup RT : Why hasn't anyone invented a special delivery service for sick people? Like, ice cream ....
Happy Birthday to Novotian ! Thanks for the great RTs today.
I want to dance.
It I'm doubt that special person will call lol
So, so productive this weekend. Now it's time to get my fun on.
J Cole- "Nice watch" reminds me of Carlos.
To paraphrase St. Paul, 'you don't want to spend your life in the basics of the faith; get them mastered and move on.'
Just finished Daniel Suarez's Daemon and Freedom (TM) and LOVED them. Totally insightful and thought provoking.
that's bold lol. I'm making my comeback soon! Tell me your tricks!
I can't stand the Stankees, but Rivera is a real loss for the sport!
my #museolution is to embrace the fun of learning new skills. I will pursue the joy of constructive play, not just dutiful study.
Oh hello I see you follow us now? #cool 👍
#stopkony OK. Where does national interest play into this? My Political Science degree and my general pessimism comes out.
Aw, shucks. RT : Happy Birthday to two of my favourite people, and
Trigger-happy American!
finally have the new site set up! It still needs a lot more work, but we are making progress.
Late for my own party.
Family home on #farm for 2 weeks means a lot of time spent with
The service at #Gustavs has really gone down the drain of late. Poor service, poorly prepared food. Disappointing!
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.William Feather
Looks like got Jeffrey Osborne to sing at the #Dodgers games now. You know what that means.
El Caminos tonight
thanks for the valentine's day wishes :) and yes all of the girls getting ready to go out! I'm sure you were hopping too!
I'd be lying if I said this pic shocked me...I've seen this type of behavior more than once!
When is the album dropping yo?
And freaking dumb.
ok let's do like 6
No sparring for me today just going to get my run in!
13 mile run. Ouch
Mom thinks shes doin it in her new ride lol.
is looking for a poetry editor for its online magazine. Follow for more details or if interested!
Oh, okay. You should watch it sometime. Yeah, she is! I think so too!
i want some top roman lol
Yes, indeed! PR to target the stationary snob audience is something I can get behind. Site looks lovely!
Shit I wish I could just bust out a hoverboard right now...
I've been there. It comes and goes but it's funny the way people react when you tell them how you feel. Isn't it?
I believe I said hot
agreed haha. I don't think many drivers are thinking about stopping for cookies and milk.
I watched the most beautiful fund raiser for foster children last night on ABC everyone sanged so divine.
100% agree! “ ... needs an unabashed leader column! We have too much modesty, too subtle language #erl12”
Cool--can see it from tower cam now. Thx for heads up! : Double rainbow in NoPo #pdxtst :)
Santorum could stay in. Weird to say he can't win so he needs to get out because the guy who will win can't win with him being so pesky.
I like the #Phillies 'cause they're exciting. Just when the offense starts to pick up: the whole bench gets hurt & the bullpen collapses.
So excited for Sunday's inaugural Monroe Street Walking Tour. Should be a delicious and educational stroll!
iPhone's home button randomly goes from working to not working. I've had 6 replacement iPhones (9 phones total) since my 1g.
today is Kentucky Derby Day at Turf Paradise
My whole body is aching.. But w.e im going to school
Aww Newt I'm sorry, did your feelings get hurt #scdebate such a composed man you are
thanks!! Miss you
Round 2 good one
I STILL NEED MAHOMIES FOR MY VIDEO!!! Tweet me a pic of u holding a sign that says 'Love you Austin!' or something like that
Looked like a crazy ass running across the parking lot to catch my bus
"Consider it twat "
Tomorrow is a full day but I. Will. Find. Time. To finish looking into how to audition for #cirque. Now is my time!!!
Twitterverse: Let's say I have a bunch of photos from a small archive (they are cool with me sharing)- best place to upload/allow access?
My prom date is a total asshole.
hoping my boston friends have met their neighbor - he rocked a great edutaining preso at today's
Milwaukee stormed past San Antonio yesterday with listener hours on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with Dallas/Ft Worth, KC, ATL, and LA running close!
yea I'm coming to that conclusion that it's impossible to let go :/
this was for all the marbles- no playoffs. Manchester has 2 teams- United has 19 titles, this is City's 3rd. Boo. lol
12 team should have proven 9 players not needed. Did 96 team have top pick in draft ? & top 5 ? No way 12 team gets smoked
Gettin excited to get packer season underway!!
Pretty sure Tez ask's me to hang out before you when he ain't with his gf and that's the only bro I actually chill with.
If you want an instant face lift just smile.
sounds like u need some TLC.
Twice as many emperor penguins as thought in Antarctica, first-ever penguin count from space shows A new study using satellite mapping te
“going from from "bae" to "hoe", "i love you" to "i hate you", "i need you" to "fuck yo ass", "you're my everything" to "you ain't shit" <<”
Happy Birthday!
We are ready for some football, I mean, softball! RT : Heath Evans Softball-Who all is coming to watch your who dats in action?
Where is when I need her? Cheer me up and say something hardcore, anti-right please.
Young adult author, Carol Plum-Ucci, will be at the Metuchen Library on Sunday, April 29th at 2pm. Join us!
I'd put a million stick figure family stickers on my car before I'd put one for a politician.
A good factoring company knows far more about their clients than a standard lending company.
If Soup outpitches Yo... i dont even know what.
good point! there was a respons movie 2 tht named "The Inconvenient Truth Abt Waiting 4 Superman"i saw w/
trill shit G
North Loop has a handful of good shops… some nice vintage furniture shopping as well.
The NFL will unveil the new Nike uniforms on April 3rd. Hoping for some fun updates and combos for the Browns.
“: A #Pisces will ALWAYS think of ways to perfect their craft and make their grand master scheme come to life!”
Thanks so much! Glad you're liking them :)
Follow back me! Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!;)
You're so kind Seiler!
because one direction are having a chicago signing
yep sure is. It burns!
Wow tonight was a good night. I even had the teachers dancing
Off to "baby TED" & super excited.
I would wait... I wouldn't want to ask to many times...
dang that was quick!! LOL ok filling it out now missy ... :) u r awesome as usual (but u know that already) !!
Your video response to Kony 2012 is AMAZING!!!! Thank you!
Is everything really bigger in Texas?
thank you kindly
We lured her into the room last night w chicken (our dinner that she clearly wanted). She stayed! Got on bed for petting, too :)
sure am. Section 137
In bed naked, typical :P
Thank you! RT : very nice place you have there - elegant and sexy!
I love music and of course i love me some Jesus but I still got a whole lot more love to give. Shout out to my future wifey whoever u r muah
Ive seen a few stories on there that were very critical of Assad and his actions.
he already knows what I'm going to do & He stills loves me, probably respects me a little more for not falling for your joke
My roast chicken is better than supermarket chickens.
I'm goo lol I'm happy :) the lakers won!
Gotta Go Get It!!!! RT : Ain't nothing Guaranteed ..
Wait til yall see this video for "Story To Tell"...due out by tomorrow...yall niggas better catch up
Bout To Take a Long Shower
Ashley Maya, the Marine accused of driving drunk, crashing and killing a fellow Marine will be arraigned this afternoon. HOJ
M I feel kinda refreshed after 10hours of sleep...who is ready for today's match? I know I sure am!!!!
tonight's NYR/NJ stage is bigger than let the boys pull a closet mission sober
Damn.. Rough ass start to the day.
Men in Black 3<3 I'm excited (:
We like this!!
hahha, noww how i'm suppose to watchh it?! >-<
Oh Jesus, we're running late, and Gwyneth Paltrow is singing? Someone just got fired. Where is Simon Cowell? Or a gong?
Lmao the night is still young
!!! RT : FREE MY NIGGA KIMBERLY!!!!! a.k.a K-DAWG!!!!!! she ain't about no cops, them cops spur they self!!
Baby your firework. After a hurricane comes a rainbow
All I want for my birthday is for the Cubs to beat the Sox
I should go to sleep.
Big news in Colorado: ESPN's says now that Peyton Manning has chosen Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tebow.
Let's go tigers!!
oh, ya know, closing with the guy who doesn't know/do shit. Losing my sanity. Nbd.
opps I meant and less on meat consumption, eck! :-)
Sweet. Got my phone set up and errything :D
Jesus wants you to know Him deeper, before He leads you further.
it's a Polish dessert, a donut with prune filling.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom, Elizabeth Barrows! Such I'm awesome person, I'm lucky to be her son.
Suu Kyi: Vote not 'fair' but significant
how goes fasting? can you drink lots of tea at least?
On Saturday we are hosting a craw fish boil at at 5PM. At 9:30 join us for some free music w/ Fried Grease.
he sure can't
The Silk Tie likes Somsak! Sweet tie, want more? thesilktie.com
thanks :) I'm just all kinds of falling apart. At least my hair covers the goose egg.
Looking back on old pictures realizing you were a troll
Cheesecake Factory has a new 'SkinnyLicious' menu? #It'sAboutTime
I knew I could count on you. Going to update the Wikipedia page now!
Just posted my first blog post in 6 months! #BlogathonATX is working! :)
Hey Sailor!!
Bummed that I'm not attending tonite's SM in Sports Night, hosted by the , as planned. But, hope to see some live tweets & a win!
We need to dispose of the idea that "if it wasn't part of my job description in 1985, it's not part of my job now."
Looks like the new ArtFire studio layout just went live.
Failure is not a prerequisite for success.
nobody remembers the journey just the outcome...
agreed, is the best. Thanks!
Good afternoon! How is everyone's Tuesday? We are doing some pre-spring cleaning & testing some new products today. Exciting!
Got my mom hooked on the #earthproject www.culturalinquiry.org/earth
We just announced the dates for our tour with and go check out the facebook for all the details!
When is the next bout? I'm a fan of
haha I thought my account got hacked or something #sillyrabbit miss your face
me too,lol i do NOTHING
Reasons Facebook sucks: Truth is. LMS. Rating. Sluts.
Got my speech over with, now I can just show up to class and pretend to listen. YAY!
thankss! I will!
That was a freaking waste of my 3 minutes of life D8<
Lil Boosie beat that murder charge today
Thinking we should kick off soup season with the local fave, Green Chile Stew...
Gr8 day, Dr. Moore! It's TX Independence Day. :) If you're as much of a coffee fan as , visit in Austin!
Hanging out is great! I love to chill but its not going to put A's in the gradebook or money in my pocket.
Agree >> RT : Pinterest will have the same problem as myspace??? way off base…
Here is one of the worst buck teeth pictures on twitter.... abortion to orthodontics
like HUGE
Double Bachman commercial during SEC Preview. Big bucks ?
I will check it out! What time will you be there until Friday?
realization: HS is/was scary for awkward nerds...FML
nothing matters when we're dancing!
eeeep! next weekend im going skiing for the first time. i hope i dont brake anything!!! gosh.
Thanks for the retweet buddy!
Anyone live in or near #Wausau, WI? Come hear Irie Sol tonight at 10:00!
Everytime I see you, feels like time is moving slow. It's unfortunate for me, I have some trouble letting go.~
Texting drunk is hilarious hahahahaaha
happy Mother's day!!!
We're looking for females ages 17-30 from all Caribbean islands to participate in our pageant!
I'm just going to start tweeting 140 character portions of my diss.
Quiero Irme a Canada u.u
#WBGO will turn on its new transmitter from Times Square at 1 PM today. There will be better reception in NYC
Oh man, FortuneCity! I'm pretty sure I had a page there in 97 or 98. Even though I had space with my ISP.
Pierce the veil <3
you just gave me an excuse to be too old on a bmx
#nw One Missed Call, creepiest movie ever😱
Don't they wear a uniform? RT : Jeter looking good. He always dresses well.
Science is the systematic classification of experience.
love this place!
always (: bt tht goes for u also.
Precisely. Well said
Missing my Sunday shows #GameOfThrones and #OnceUponATime. Love the DVR!
I'm wonderful :D how's school?
Popchips get me through until lunch
Try dabbing a few drops of sweet orange essential oil on your clothes. It can help keep your spirits bright throughout the day.
I think my dog is going crazy with the smell of the BBQ pork tenderloin in the slow cooker.
Ah(: this is the greatest thing I've heard all day!!(: THANK YOU(:
what happen at school..that why you
My heart goes out to the family of #JonathanFoster. May justice be swift.
Tired of being sick. Tired of complaining about being sick. Tired of being alone. ENT Dr. on Mon = the only thing I have to look forward to.
Drinking a 40 of mickeys for dinner.
Agreed - it takes a village: : Every sector of community must be involved in dramatically improving schools.
great to see Sol and my Peak Pals at the 8th anniversay party!
that last tweet was a really good joke
God is with us always even when we can't see Him
I swear, Brody is always working at taco bell. I see him whenever I'm there
Black Ken Niiiigggggaaaaaaaaaa *lil b voice*
OMG! Loving "Clean Freaks" on ! Super cool ideas.
me to that girl look white as fuck you lying
Yes love it when I'm raring to go, future
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
hahaha I love people like that-- my mom. She will not use her "inside voice" EVER and it annoys me so much.
my arms are on fire. why do i even try to work out?
How will you be tomorrow? Let me know. I'll catch up with you yesterday.
GO PACKERS!! No problem!
Funny Quote: I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Robocalls keep coming. Weaver then Orange then Catania telling me to vote for Biddle.
the #NBA is still a thing?
I'm on the verge of crying tears of joy :P
Sorry , was super quick to respond - hope you can find a ticket for the #SMCSea event!
This is a tweet :P
Yo I'm going to a comedy show tomorrow Sunday night. Inbox me if u wanna go. Your ticket is on me! #GoodTimes - XavierLT. com
New beginning... new day
An Easter morning prayer: please God, let me catch this train. I'm trying to make it to your house! It worked. Happy Easter!
I am not anorexic! >:O you are not disgusting, stupid. -_- aw, I don't have chicken legs. :( YOU HAVE CHICKEN LEGS!
too cute!
LOLing with strangers
Deleting all your texts before letting someone see your phone.
we feel your tweeting and posting pain! keep at it!
Attention people and kids be happy that we don't have škøøł yayayya
Wood: Formalism as the physics of literature, describing how objects interact.
#SYEP participants must pay their own CompTIA A+ exam fees this summer after our training. #jobs are waiting if u pass!
Your link to counter to Chris Jordan's comments appears not to be working - but I'm curious! Post again?
Boylan Heights in C-Ville rock!
it's going okay. Just making sure all my I's are dotted and T's crossed. I'm transferring schools to where I work.
Porch drinkin in december but missing study long and hard BRO
Somehow you failed to mention that, m'dear. Why're you leaving the lovely Pacific Northwest?
I loved ur facial expression change when cathy said she gave away the bumblebee costume! Chloe is amazing!(: #DanceMoms <3
Wake and Bake : )
good field... How far along r u
I luv u april but I wish will follow me like u did plz tell her RT back
Just picked up a few shows in bakersfield next weekend! We will see you there!
Thought for this day: "Love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking in the same direction together." Antonne de Saint-Exupery
Life is like a box of chocolate In the middle of it you realize you're fat and nobody likes you.
Watching the 5-day forecast and wouza it looks great...warm. I'm loving this weather!
I'm just speculating but the shirts on the pro shops site with name and number are probably what they'll look like.
Hoot hoot >+@#WomenBuild< is in full swing with our global family of
Yet... I just don't understand why you had to leave. I'm upset OFTEN. Death SUCKS.
wow. Going to bed. Bye.
Matt don't be stupid. of course you couldn't.
Love the web cam, especially during the breaks! Hilarious! Any chance of adding the web cam in Denver?
you going to Ald?
Working on set with Bryan Cranston today- the day just got SO GOOD!!
Goodnight world!!!! I AM LOVING LIFE AND BREATHING EASY!!!!
missed calls from puerto rico worry me
Great Social Media Roundtable this morning.We presented on a way to monetize Facebook by setting up deals on pages similar to Groupon,...
All day today all i can think about is how i want to HULK smash things
thats for sure
Cool..will check it out in a bit. At bball
Snuggies kinda suck in the summer.
kind of strange mixture of Classical & 'Rock Opera'..I like 'Tie your mother down'..kicks @$$!!
...people are considering the source.
Cannot wait for #Madmen!
Yea Sixers!!!! Come on home baby!!!
It’s time to spring forward! Don’t forget to move your clocks ahead an hour before you go to sleep on Saturday night.
Just made reso at #borgne a la for my birthday Mar.1 as we celebrate in NOLA... I've got my eye on that coconut bread pudding!
#tech RT : Tons of people here at #ECHS #SWFL - Employers + Students =
I'll be in there for Bleu. Hangover + sun = OUCH. I could have warned you had you asked. Things I learned growing up in PHX.
I 311'd a pothole in scripps ranch and just saw it was filled!! Yay!
Hopefully Bollers next int is a touchback.
Go see tonight at the 92Ytribeca. Wish I could go!
The best way to "baby proof" your house is to wear a condom.
No prob ^^ The contest looks interesting :3.
I'm about to eat this jawn I got you later on this week
Taco Tuesday!!! 5 cent tacos for the night!!
guys who actually want a relationship and treat girls right are so much more attractive.
...and firms must do so to stop high gas prices leading to higher costs at the cash register.
you know your lazy when its 4:30 pm and you're still wearing pajamas
Thanks! At least I have my own Youtube show? ;)
“: does vodka count? haha...vodka always counts” <<<always. To bad u didnt bring some here, im having the same problem
TWITCH CALLED OUT JAKE THIS SAT. AFTER JAKES MOM CAME TO THE MM(METAL MULISHA) TENT TALKIN SMACK, JAKE DID NOTIN HAHAHA I HAD FRNT ROW SEATS
Missed you this year at #sobcon in Chicago!
i didnt at all!!!
So say them here, on twitter. I get it. You hate Emken...convince me why I should.
good ain't good enough.
FINALLY, some flavor change up at Porter Square, welcome back the veteran Lychee flavor, lip smackingly tart!
Wud uppers twitter peeps........wat u got goin on today..I'm feelin better today all need is my ride
is going to be on the Ellen show today..And I have to go take freakin math t-cap:(
what's going on?
Irritated as fuck!!!
Thanks guys for the follow! Have an awesome day all!
R.I.P. to the Godfather of Go-Go
You may have won today's battle doughnut, but I vow to win the war!
I hope to see you tonight 7pm when speaks to the Hispanic Democrat Club! 3720 Farragut Av 3rd floor, Kensington
the 26th! Can u make it?!
Just throwing this out there: GI Joe MMORPG. Can someone make that happen?
Can I kick it!?
#2ThingsIAppreciate Tom Sellick's mustache and mermaids
Hello world!
you gotta pay double tonight huh? That is too funny! I told my son the tooth fairy doesn't pay for dirty teeth.. brush!!
Aw, man! Some jerkwad broke the sink flower pot in the median.
Brewers baseball kicks off today, lets go Crew!
One of the benes of the DU gym is checking out the latest in high school tees: "AP European History 2010, Mr. Montgomery." + kids' names.
Horror movie because...? Of how the Indigo Girls are playing?
um...like have you started the count down? Exciting!
I stay high as fuck
Its good...I'm just watching the games for now. What do you have planned for today?
Hey guys. Make sure you follow the new spot opening in Lincoln Park
Today is the last day of our jewelry clearance event. Chat live until 4pm ET if you have any questions.
come back! We need to get birthday drinks with !
so it is
shits fucking comedy "It's purple on the end of it"
Wish my day was going better...
OMG - He is adorable!
Never again will I have a 5 hour energy shot and a rockstar together.
I'd sell my soul to Anna Wintour to be at
Indianapolis Colts&#39; Andrew Luck heads back to Stanford
I hate you
FUK WIT MY GURL FOLLOW HER OR FALL OFF :)
I did this yesterday with largely positive results. Next time, I'll tweak a bit. Fun in-class assignment.
And what was it for, the swimming pools The highways, the ballgames in the dusk On the battlefield A time we were so foolish and so young.
pretty good. things are insane right now, but i think i'll make it out of the school year alive
you could write them prank rejections...
Working on it.
Tonight could be your calling card. New York here you come?
Yea I'm gonna have another, more comprehensive discussion with her for sure. Thanks
I just earned the Meathead badge on #Yelp!
playing the game w/ my seessssteeeerrr <333
but not today becuz my boyfirend come down here
WI billionaire's business pays zero dollars in state taxes, gives 500K to Walker, wants to crush worker's rights. This is wrong.
Limited $100 general admission pre-sale still available at all CRAVE locations but they are going fast!!
Charles Mingus, bassist, composer, "Angry Man of Jazz", born 22 April 1922 He came & walked up 4 studio flights so I could photograph him
Wow, 10 assists in 15 minutes is really impressive. Easier to rack 'em up when surrounded by three future hall-of-famers, though.
I can't believe I made the grave mistake of not already following Met her at #foodprt. The girl can cook! Check out her blog.
Headrest Car DVD Players - Dont Buy Until You Watch this List - headrest dvd player
but I didn't even try I just hit reply to you.. lol
You guys in DC?
Thanks Mitch I would've had a great day if Miami did not blow that 15 point lead ! Monday Night Ravens -9 buy.5 looks good
lol, no threats
": Everyone seems normal until you get to know them."
What did the medivac study at college?
Pleased to have opportunity to speak to Gen. Fed. Of Women’s Clubs-- Appreciate their support!
Got an elder person in your house??? Tell them to come get their wheelchair cleaned for free right now!!!
Swinging 101 presented by Jason, owner of SwingFest and his wife for over 16 years Russy. Don't miss this seminar at Swingfest 2010!
mcdonalds breakfrast goes nice with a hangover..
Thank you, sir!
when are you going to make it in?
EVERYbody has mood-swings. #TheTruthIs, the world is just full of crazy ass people. lol. xD
Great song for the soul
Review: The First Rule of Ten" is an engrossing and off-beat mystery about a unsettled young man who is trying to attain serenity.
.. I guess I should quit twitter. And facebook. And babysitting. And life in general if I want to get through this month.
She sucks at sucking! lol
happy birthday! :)
Our randomly selected winner of two free tickets to our October 8th show is !
There's a girl talking on her phone, riding in the "quiet car" & you can barely even hear her. Awesome! This loud pollack needs to learn ...
Looking for a game testing job that will enhance your skills? Then, check this job post
the investment of your time to talk to supporters and generally listen to feedback is quite simply amazing. Much respect!
Quasi frivolous suit : I still smile when I think of how the vendors who sued UCLA had their case dismissed ...
But yes, that's the basic premise. He has 1/2 C talent and plays as checker with us.
pot stickers are wannabe dumplings.
#wheniwasacrab Mr Ellis had the piccolos n clarinets do the back that thang up dance infront the whole band lol
And I'm pretty sure or we're probably involved the other time as well
RT : Discussed the #Chen case The #publicdiplomacy fallout will be on perceptions of human rights in...
We're working on it! :)
the MAX I would never suggest it.
whats the craziest thing you've ever done?
Vilma is really suing Goodell for defamation...this is going to get ugly and FAST.
back from courthouse & mcdonalds w/ Blake. now 2 get ready 4 basketball practice w/ Logie.Blake said all his ABCs to the courtofficer today
Like a Troll? Somewhere in Norway? Because I'm actually starting to think they exist.
How 'bout some more tour pics?
Woke up this morning to find Aero's first tooth poking through!
I'm mixed, although, i have been looking for 1 more iOS notification on my device. tie in some open graph = yum
Marmots: Here are entered works on several species of marmots. [From our "Adventures in Cataloging" series.]
#OomfNeedsTo realize where home is at 👌
Spyware at work. Nice. As much as I love the idea of porn sites popping up at random, it's making it difficult to get anything done.
I agree. I also think he would drive a Camero.
Happy #mm all you #musicheads out there. Any suggestions?
I'll be in Seattle, my new hometown, probably at the Space Needle watching fireworks.
Eating old halloween candy. Interesting after tastes... This cant be good. Ahaha.
that's exactly what he did. I finally set up a dedicated FTP server but I've only got 150gn right now lol
Working @ Lavalette office this morning. Then meeting in Dunbar this afternoon.
don't know
I have some venture$$ for you aswell man, Get back with me !
We all have 168 hours a week - no more, no less. Are you making the best use of your 168? If not, why not?
At the stroke of midnight everyone said "Happy New Year!" I said "Happy Hanna Montana!" I just wanted to be the first to say it this year.
add Pedro too but i wouldn't put him over those 3
assuming you have already garnered the appropriate training, that is.
Alright. No more tweets until Tuesday. Shutting down for communicationshutdown.org
Im cold like a midnight in Aspen. 💨⛄
good point xD
People who create their own drama, deserve their own karma. Ha!
Observing children with
This must be what Jennifer Aniston experienced when she heard Brad and Angelina were getting married.
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
Damn bro :( Get better soon man, hopefully its nothing to harsh.
That's very cool. Thanks for sharing.
Calvin Klein, you magnificent wizard.
We just made our Capon reservations!
Not an issue, im not running for pres #ifIwerelesbian & if I was running, i'd marry a girl just to make it interesting
- Afraid of you? Hahaha and you were 25 missed calls from my mom ...
mines was great i missed you too <3
And yet they all have those annoying seeds RT : Well they do have several different fruit versions of "Newtons" now
WOW!!!!!!!!! Just finally caught up on the last 3 episodes of #HouseOfLies. UNBLIEVABLE SHOW!
You know it's hard to turn down business but it feels good when you do it for their best interest.
yes! My mom and I will both be there :) Are you?
When I just want to look at your face ►
i deserve a follow back because everywhere I go ppl think is real and I stand up 4 you and tell them to follow you
#maestrosays get up to the studio. ASAP.
Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with savory corned beef and cabbage at Daily Grill - tomorrow only!
Smurfs taste like chicken but give you bad gas...
Dennis Dixon should start if Ben cant go imo.
You can provide all the tools needed to succeed to someone. Only they can make the decision to commit to themselves to be successful.
#PeopleShouldStop acing better than everyone else.!
I don't want manning. Tebow better stay.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
The Annapolis Area Sonic is opening in a little over a week. >3106 Solomons Island Rd., Edgewater
Yes, I would consider it. My car sits idle on weekdays in my garage. I'm trolling their Help sections to see how I really feel...
Meet w/ team drivers, Meet w/ Crewchief, time alone to chill and focus
Seriously is it really going to be like this all season? Everytime Braun touches the ball they boo?
Just got home from a great Doc HoneyPunch show at 12th and Porter. Got booked instantly for Bowling Green, KY.
Had an absolute BLAST playing the Bluebird Cafe and with ....definitely more shows to come!
I like the play-dough idea
Thank you all for being patient with me on my first ever twitterchat.
needs a Tardis.
It's about scaring the shit out of every nerve in our body, but pushing forward anyway.
So for the next few years I have more competition for jobs to secured healthcare, but they're still separate. Great.
JUST opened sale of over 50% off special for Now, I can sit back and watch results of the Iowa Caucuses come in. GREAT day!
woohoo, i am so excited!I expect a personalized message on my complimentary signed poster ;D i tease,i tease.it'd be cool tho!
O theres a bonus to no one here! Close parking;)
jus sayin in your pic you got the lip position down packed.lol
some of that stuff is actually quite funny
One day Im going to get a nose job.
Thinking about how different it feels to pray to Goddess rather than God...hm...
The Spring Release party for our fab Spring 2012 Issue is Friday! Food, live music & readings by Steve Adams, Stu Dearnley & Darren Jackson!
Where you at ?
Every muscle in my body is flicking me off right now.
Want to win tickets to see band Real Estate with on Friday? Share and retweet, so your entered into the drawing.
Woody Allen is just the thing then!
what is going on with u tonight lol smh??
I'm looking foir a GOP caucus that's expecting a high turnout for a story. Tweet some ideas PLEASE.
"Little squirrels" with her. (Amazing)
Style Gets a Boost
IKR I just heard a week ago that #RayJ and #WhitneyHouston might be close with each other now this....
eat it
All recent pending orders were shipped today! Expect packages to arrive shortly for those of you who have been waiting.
haha that's awesome, can't believe it. Should be illegal.
Hey! RT: Bev Perdue really isn't that bright is she? Tonight NC took away civil rights she already voted to take away? WTF?
I agree
Going to tour my dream college this summer: University of Pennsylvania <3
...read a book bitches.
i seriously can't get over how damn funny is.
fine just ignore me that's cool!!
Avoid 435 EB from State Line to the 3 trails crossing (triangle).
really?!?! That's odd. Maybe that's why you moved there. You REALLY SHOULD GET ONE! :/
When a totally random person insults someone you hate and you're like, "Guess I just found my new best friend."
Whew, been a busy holiday. Is it still Monday? Can't believe it's September already.
Thank you Dorothy, that is so appreciated! I am so blessed to have such wonderful fans and friends like YOU! Have a blessed day!
Though I'd hesitate to call it an excuse. He lives in a super-science universe. There's almost definitely a better solution.
got it off today!! Whoop whoop!! Hopefully I'll practice in a couple of days :)
Watched "Exit Through The Gift Shop" with #Banksy. Now sporting sideburns a civil war survivor would be proud of.
Congrats to on achieving his #1 ranking. Well deserved.
Thanks--I wasn't!
“I was off on what was, I suppose, the most profoundly affecting experience of my life”- LT heads to the middle east, WW1
Epic beginning to North Shore weekend: saw a wolf and got 2 growlers from Castle Danger brewery. So good!
could the same be said for fish?
Let's cut the reindeer games -- no one talks about Mulan because her hair was flat. THERE, I said it!
Wait for a sign from Gozer the Traveller; he will come in one of the pre-chosen forms.
Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for
I've dealt wit that guy long enough lol
Lips was hella dry today lol
lets go #bayern!!!
We're going to attend Return to Forever w/ Zappa Plays Zappa in Nashville, TN tonight. I believe they'l be serving a main entree of fusion
At Neal Wyatt's reader's advisory workshop this morning. . . Good stuff!
Thats right! Finally found it :)
Cant believe it's Christmas Eve. Tomorrow! :)
#IDontNeedALoveSong could sing me the white pages. Great Show Tonight!
Upside-down in Bryant Park
#WhyDoPeople have to hurt, bully, talk shit, chastize others? Why not heal, befriend, socialize, uplift others?
Oh candy corn...you are addicting...
Thanks to everyone that came out dancing last night!
Your welcome! Glad to see you're keeping busy. We have to get you more shows. Follow me again so I can send u a DM.
way to go jillian. I am running my first 1/2 in two months
56% won't take a job that bans social media
Life Is Life. Live It Right Or When You Die You Wont Be Left With Success. Mistakes Are Mistakes. But Try To Change them before it to late.
We'd go to LA—vist our studios, the ocean & RT : If you had a one way ticket on where would you go?
woot i got my old version of tweet deck back
It's probably totally useless to note this, but I think I could get up to 1000 followers before the end of the year.
So stoked for some new songs, a new direction, and making things weird.
There's more to life than what I've seen I must keep exploring
thanks for the follow! ;)
haha, It's crazy!!! I hate coming back home to work here on the weekends!
I'm having some friends come into town next weekend, and of course we want to go out and party.
RT : American gas stations now make more money selling food (and cigarettes) than gasoline. - via Seriously.
Flip flop what u smoking??? Bulls going to win chill !!! Flip flop joker!!!
I think the 6 of us got a preview when u were on d mic.RT :Just got2 Personally feelin very  tonight&excited to play.
that is awesome!! do you know any other socal fans?! :D
Thinking Kale Ale is going to be the next big thing
Re-signing Gogi would be tricky. With KMart's contract, DM can't take on another 10 mil/yr deal w/o it hurting chance to sign big FA.
Start the clock
Ignorance, the root and the stem of every evil. - Plato
Justin Jones-Fosu will be our guest speaker for tomorrow's Toastmasters meeting. For details please send a message or visit the website....
love your work - looking forward to meeting you !!
Gosh can't take this shit anymore
Spending the day quoting clients for imprinted promotional products Enjoy your Saturday!
sorry you are sick
haha hey Chris!!!!! :) I'm waving back right now!!!
According to the dentist my teeth are 'pretty'...
back on Thursday, short trip! How long you here for??? You, Jake and I need to hang!
lol whats wrong w/ Atherton . I used to go there .
It's not just the ladies.. is another celeb who will never starve himself to look good for a part again... Kudos to him!!
oh wow I had no idea he was already injured! He should totally sue, loss of potential earnings and all.
Ok no more tweeting for now, time for business lol i got ur mafia name "two timing thoubinator" lol
Nothing makes me want to visit a city more than seeing 's teary-eyed approval.
thanks. Dissertation has been relatively lonely time for me. Very glad for family & friends!
Thanks so much for visiting Visit us again soon & enjoy your cannolis!
We'll have to drink ourselves into another dimension when I come back!!
great interview and performance on Howard Stern. You got a new fan. TY
hey I send friend request on game center and wanna meet ps I'm a mahomy
I'm officially a proud cancer survivor! I BEAT CANCER!
if you click on my name you can't access FB as me can you?
Does nobody out there know anybody buying up full tilt money?
The #heat vs #knicks series features 3 of my least fav players bron melo and baron
im here in Ohio, & its 11 degrees, bro you cant be freezing(:
Ridin&#39; for a reason: Event raises funds for public safety scholarships
best sentance of the article "Well, screw that. We need some new heroes." cc:
wimp. You said you like running more anyway hahaha. Thinking about taking that one back now? Haha
you caught that! Ha!
miss you too!
Well I'm not going to school :)
Today is a 'spicy tuna for lunch' Friday.Bring it, salmonella.
10 hours of globe and now I write my name backwards
Do, or do not. There is no try.
Big thanks to & for their lovely "Morning Records for Night Owls & the Faint of Heart" work in No.2.
I keep sayinig "impressive" on both sides but it is: Ducks convert turnover to Tuinei touchdown, 42-38 Ducks lead to start 4th.
Feels so hot out! #loveit ☀😄
Airwalk literally rock my socks!
Isaac's friend Patrick made a creamy jalapeño dip that was pretty close to the real thing! He's obsessed with Chuy's.
check out . his music is hot we have been working with him from the beginning and watched him grow in2 a icon. so proud
So twitter has a tweet, follow, AND DM limit?! like, wtf??
Is that right?
So glad that the Midwest is finally catching up to the east coasts obsession with frozen yogurt
article is awesome as usual!!!!
s/o to Atlanta girls p.s stay trill
NCN=NEED COFFEE NOW!!
Ima be honest.. Im ready ta be back in Orlando.
I also love my best friend!
Hey B! Things could be much better, on the eve of my birthday. But life goes on and I'm hangin in there. Thanks for checkin!
Thanks for following back. You are wonderful.
thanks. i'm excited about it. it's kind of like books on tape.
Spent the day researching literary agents. Quite a few look interesting, which is good b/c not all of them are going to love me. Really?
How am I bored? Its Friday smh
It seems some people have a filter in their brain that tells them "don't say that". where can I get one of these??
hope we can shoot together in the near future
Awesome day :)
Officiating a wedding tonight.
Time is on your side. I don't know you well enough to give advice, exc 2 say that this feeling occurs even IN great relationships.
If y'all females don't stop fucking fighting ima whoop both of y'all little assess!
We just got done with our Photoshoot with Chris Martin, lookin great. www.facebook.com/iatfofficial
Thanks! Needless to say we're pretty excited!!
the entire breakfast club is crazy. Thata remix is some funny s@#$ I have to listen to ita every morning.
: Downtown=>$1 Coors bottles, live band (s), and no cover for college students (just show student id)
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes, most of which never happened. -Mark Twain
MillerCoors aims to ramp up mobile marketing efforts to engage consumer base. www.zesmo.com
No school for me today hahaaa! Sleeping in. Warm bed. Fuzzy PJ's. You mad!
Ted ginn jr. A niner huh
Twittering about twirling: Observations on Diablo Ballet&#39;s March 2 &#39;tweet seats&#39;
Me&MyBigSissy are STC Elite cheerleaders!❤🎉
Watching #GranTorino again :) One of my fav movies! #ClintEastwood will always be my hero
Oh what a week. Rain, Thunder, Lightning, Flash Flood Warnings, and an Earthquake!
People who think it's always about them <
Nope, just providing information about politician's fundraising. Fact aren't hate. Is there something to hide here?
ERMERGERD I'M GETTING MORE SUNNEH DEE.
hey guys, i decided to go to Applying Open Source to Any Business, sitting behind and
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "The Best Person To Train You...Is The Person Your Serving."
RT : Yield curves and inflation expectations in Global Economic Environment this morning
What a BEAUTIFUL day in Colorado! How are you soaking up the sun today?
RT : Happy Easter! Christ is risen! God bless all of you as he continues to bless the United States of America!
999-take from the poor and give to the rich.Sounds like a recipe to guaranty a Democratic victoy.So, I am endorsing Cain for the nomination.
Thx for checking in! LOVE being able to suspend+quit then launch+resume. Most on-demand friendly VM experience ever!
IVY: The default for academic settings is public. Does this allow a safe space for uncomfortable conversations that must happen?
for real!? Oh that's song is totally not gay!!!
Woof. "No threat" sums it up
Twitter is far superior to Facebook... but I still haven't quite mastered it. #Twitter tutor
Love when I get random texts that say: did I just see you on tv?! HaHa why yes you did! :)
thanks will do let's keep the energy moving forward
I guess it's a no for my amp to be plugged in right now ;-;.
My dad is Not gonna buy the ingredients to help make my mom Chicken Alfredo 😔
oh wait I won't be there Monday could I email it to you?
To the mother's everywhere....have a Happy Mother's Day! Mother's Day 2012©
Aw that's so sweet the way you call me babe, But just tell me how many girls you have said that 2... i wish i could let go but i cant idk Y?
Just finished watching all the episodes of #HowIMetYourMother on #Netflix. Vacation well spent.
Congrats Modern Family cast! Kids did a great job accepting.
That moment when you're laughing so hard and you try to stop, but you look at that person and laugh again.
Maintaining corporate culture has to be a challenging when you start grown from a small team to large staff
*slips onto campus, coffee in hand*
had some very promising meetings today with a few new clients... now back to editing!
Werd. I didn't know you were in town. I got you.
I don't recommend staying at Caesar's Palace. The worst customer service I have ever had at any hotel and every employee has been rude! 👎
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.-- Peace Pilgrim
hi cuzz!! What u up to these days?
For sure! Hopefully we can find a innovative way to keep the students engaged. Still love that idea of yours!
she's great thanks for asking!
my tweets would be a lot funnier if i was famous
on my phone (x
Why is it so hard to save money :(((
Why do I always see a black midget at pet palace?!
I get on twitter so u can know my thoughts. When I feel like sharing them
Feel better! :) RT : Been sick the past two days so haven't been tweeting /: probably won't be tweeting much today either
You meet so many awesome educators from around the world and find resources you wouldn't find otherwise!
RT Now we show our respect for #TroyDavis w/ 1 hr of silence You are a true martyr May your journey be well The wrld is w/ you
If Ellsbury only played once every 5 days, would you consider him MVP material? Don't blame the voters. MLB needs a rule change.
it really is cool! glad to see a kid get the message!
well looks like our pitching isn't gonna do so hot against the best offense in the league...
Thank you! Motivating ourselves to eat healthy & exercise is a never-ending task, no matter what we weigh. Merry Christmas!
yep. I sure am.
are u going to wacth the brits awards
Dear Bumpass Hounds, 5:30? Really? What was it - the wind, a squirrel, or a puff of dust? Knock it off! Me.
omg chris snaps told me your car was nice but shit you better whip that around the Stahle house this summer!
I love Mint Condition's "Someone to Love". Jamming MC while my Mythology students take their exam.
#morningmusic is the one and only:
So who out there has a Tumblr? Is the verb "to tumble"? Or rather, "to tumbl"? Is the past tense "I tumbld"?
- Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen.
thanks, Alan. Still have your fire analogy in my head!
G'morning to you too. Sure wish we were watching you as the Super Bowl QB tonight. Was still a great season tho - thx.
wow, my apology, please accept. Wont send anything again!
Today is going to be a stressful yet great day oan: World Civ II exam at 8am.
what are you looking to buy?
hope you're doing okay mama
im thankful for chris brown who brought joy and peace to the world in #our hearts <3
why are you sorry for what
Rare to see celebs NOT on Twitter. Looked for Spike Jonze & Karen O (Where The Wild Things Are) tweets on Maurice Sendak death, to no avail.
Good luck
I cannot bring myself to have a single optimistic feeling about that movie. I hope you can change my mind!
hahahaha!!! What can I say, I get a little excited sometimes!
#GCB fans get your tickets to the #IntheArtoftheCity event and After Party! is hosting!! #ITAOTC 05.03.12
Boy, I wish I could :-( Who is going to Miami? I'll be there!
Last day to enter Katy Trail 5k Caption Contest! Box of Magic Cookies could be yours! ($27 value). "Like" Biosanes. Comment under fave pic.
Okay. always tells me that I look like David Archuleta kind of. Is this true? I've heard it from a few people lately.
oh lord that would have been a bigger scene LMAO
Tony Parker and Antonio may not play.
Good workout. 💪 time to get ready & hit up the Southside .
my fb is acting up
I wish we'd thought to have you on to talk about it. Are you ever free around 11am ET on Sundays?
400 each!! that's 2,000 words!! plus resume + cover letter...
Thanks hun, what's new with yah?
Thanks for retweeting and listing us! :)
Yay! RT : We’re almost at 100k followers! Help us hit the big number and we’ll open up the NYMag freebie closet.
Wait...Jaymz is in the midst of playing 3 Irish pubs in 3 days in 3 different cities?....someone please put out an APB..
I'd slap you, but that might be considered animal abuse.
Hey, so really skinny ppl can wear a big belt buckle & sit at a table for hours, and not have it hurt them?
you're welcome, but I gotta make sure that gets the props for the Yogi Berra pizza quote.
Lmao my mom just said Wade got brand new after he won the championship
Lol these folks at church are too funny
Although I'm a diehard Celtics fan, good luck tomorrow.
goodmorning Austin((: Just heard your new song, amazing! Great job Austin((: I love it!! <3
Thanks for all the follows everyone! As soon as we can follow more of you, we will! www.myhelpfullinks.info
it was SO great to share this weekend with you. Seriously wonderful! xoxo :)
Best way to understand how games can promote social change? Play one! Games available anytime in Resource Central at
eating vegetable soup whilist watching eat delicious jersey shore grub. so jearous
God I can never get Greyson to follow me you are lucky
#nerdlife is good
Met some good people. Learned some good info. Lot to think about
now i reached 2010 directs in 2010 cool thanks to all my new stringers you guys rock!
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
I'm always strapped
just went outside and farted.
Even the streaming playlist on 's website goes hard! He is gonna tear up once again on Friday!
thanks(: I know.
#Tigers winning by 4, feels like it's tied...
If you missed it, we will be taking donations at www.themutes.com through 5/31 for Jim DeBroux who suffered a spinal injury. Please give!
sleep deprived. Don't stay up all night! thanks for the help. :D
im so depressed right now an I dont wanna buy a replacement wit the 5 comin out
I'm nosy, I'll follow you. Love, Ush
yes amen. I pray we all have a greater hunger and thirst for Him. More Him. You got it thanx for sharing it with us.
Drinking tea.
I wanna fucking leave my house
I knew I should have done
Thanks to 4 talking #Baseball - and likin anybody who plays the #Dodgers! #FirstEdition knew we liked u 4 a reason
Just had to help a senior patron with a no-wifi Kindle ebook download (USB only?!). Ridiculous! He'll never download another ebook.
1st thought: I knew there was a reason I dug The Brooke Baldwin. 2nd thought: Just once? We need to add to that total, asap.
Whenever I see the word "utilize" I am morally offended. Personal pet peeve. - Zach
Woohooo finally! Now time to go #Occupy a bar with my #Bartab #app hahah! I love $1 drinks! Who wouldn't?
Overheard in JP: "Aw, man. I am so hungover." "Me too." "You know what I want?" "No, what?" "Fake chicken."
I sure will. I haven't Been home since Christmas
Well its time to take this check and do what I do best.....
hey. Nice face.
when Bush as in 2.50 was to much for gas not some are saying 4.00 might be a good thing. WTF are these Dems smoking?
Yeah, to complement Frank Gore and the leagues best defense. Sweet.
nice during the summer yes, winter not so much
had me at Buffalo.
check your DM! : )
Just seen Anjoli, she's still fine even with her kid
- we tracked it awhile back with his white DW sparkle kit. Man that thing is yummy
but all the cool kids will hate it because it's (call of duty)
tag him, then.
Wow. They're playing like me.
hey... sharing is caring. :D
So it begins today, the best time of year. The NCAA Tourney... GO #mubb Make me proud, once again I've got you winning it all.
Yessir RT : This series gonna be crazy
i'm sorry but I hate when I let my friends borrow my stuff ONCE then they keep using it. most annoying thing ever.
I need a drink.. im bored and this insomnia sucks!
No prob, thanks for hosting us!
Glancing at my travel schedule for the next FY and breathing a sigh of relief... it's a lot less hectic.
just watched the buzzer beater for the win
calm the fuck down everyone
I have seen little boys both ways, one ear ring and two ear rings, just like you see many men doing these days.Most men have 2
Bar customer told me he knows I like guys w/ faux hawks because I'm wearing a belt. If that's not reading into fashion I don't know what is.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn’t being said. – Peter F. Drucker
Ever accept a facebook request from a cousin you don't know all that well then realize they are the most crass ghetto person?
is a very happy girl; <3
Just heard on news: Bank of America no longer biggest. Power to the PEOPLE.
I am furious. I go to sleep Boo.
WOW FUCK U UGH
what?! they need to stay home for much longer, this is too much for them :((
you can do it! How about a stationary bike. Only allow yourself to watch MadMen if you are exercising!
you are so nice. :-) thx 4 listening. Im serious...hang inthere
MILLIONS of football related brain injuries children suffer EVERY year aren't accidents They R results of adults learning on the job.
haha. Good idea. But im going to hiphop soon so xD :)
#IfYouRap and your girl is the only one talkin bout your music on Facebook...YOU DO NOT HAVE A STREET TEAM!
When reading your wife's rez, make sure you don't think everything is GREAT-n-WONDERFUL. Might be doing you and your spouse a dis-service.
how could u hate me im me
even asking to speak to a sergeant about how we can work together
Turnt up dumb high right now
"Who's that bitch looking at me?" "Nan, you're just looking in the mirror.."
Just received my registrant clearance from The Bar.... Time to celebrate!
Opening up this week at club galaxy in maywood, ca.my first edm club.Im so excited.I need all my supporters there.I will really appreciTe it
Crystall gon' show you things you're not supposed to see.
didnt tweet much yesterday! Im still waiting to know what she did yesterday that was one of the coolest day's ever! :]
Hi - any tips for Mexico All Inclusives?
We have to make that happen, soon! 😊
Thanks! I just optimized my Pinterest with Bacon (^_^) !
Hm... pretty sure that although a twitpic of boobs would get us attention, most of our female clients might get a bit upset. Maybe.
I hope you spin your remix of "Sweet Dreams"!
let me kno after u Watch it. "The Plan-a-arium"
Are you listening to late night dedications on 94.9 again?
Enjoyed seeing my friend perform tonight in #Hollywood! #improv Also special shoutout to team Medium Cool. Hilarious! :)
so I'm really going to tomorrow land. end of story belgium here I come.
There are #27million slaves in the world today. That's more than anytime in history.
Naturally this is happening on an evening I actually sorta kinda feel like talking~
thinking, studying, listening to music...
What restaurants would you like to see specials from this summer? (Include the restaurants Twitter if they have one!)
I'm sitting here listening to Keep Calm and Carry On and eating Ben & Jerry's ice cream.
Hot af and its only 6 in the mornin
wut the crap everyone's been tellin me that and it REALY creeping me out and idk wut to do?!!:/ thanks for tellin me..advice needed
First show: May 11th - - multi-media event with music, art, video, and more.
I find it impossible to study on the weekend, at home, during the playoffs smh
not digging the new trend towards services that require "invites". moves us further away from democratic web IMHO.
#CHRISBROWN I LOVE U
What do you suggest to make the videos compelling ?
This dude just got up and pull his underwear out his ass in this lady face and sat back down.
:) actually happy.
Someone got into an unlocked gray car, in front of a home in Alamogordo, and stole a checkbook from it. No suspects, but that will change.
stop it with the Norris cole stuff. He's an nba rotation guy only
Now hiring
“: #nowever How do you know you're watching #MadMen? They can afford to use actual Beatles songs. That's how.”// good point
yep, it was a blast!
Moving customers thru checkout process efficiently, courteously: every retailer's objective. CPS releases QuikLine for automated queuing!
I kno I have to come and get u
I skied at Breck a week ago. Love that place. Nice snow.
o when u got class then
Y do dis lady set up business meetings nd den she neva here to meet wit da ppl
Play defense and offense simultaneously #womcc #negativecomments ~
Ive got the moves like jagger. LOLJK, I dance like an awkward penguin.
follow bro thats my new pg
holy fuck, dude. Your profile pic is SO FUCKING HOT. Also I love you. :)
he is THAT cute. My aunt was all like omg tell me what happens bcus she knew it was going to be a surprise :D
"help" means i get pointed to documentation that might assist me in solving my problem.
I wonder if will ever follow me =( im going to give up... I love u jb
“: I want to get the kind of drunk that can only be referred to as " " type of drunk” Glad that's a thing
it brings back so many memories and makes me realize that once he gets famous it will never be like that ever again
thanks for everything you did for the bbn!
Cross my heart I hope you die, left by the roadside. Karma's a bitch, right?
and so are you<3
really like the sanits...but gotta love Farve! what a story...
really??!?! Why not?
RT : Man! Who you telling with them braids! No one with braids is consistently successful<< lmao,
Back looking for great deal and helpful links to pass along to my followers. Okay I admit that sounded strange. Like I have 'follower'. Haha
Doubt the Caps will be able to win two straight games. Ughh this day sucked.
Is anyone out there considering Mendeley Institutional? Seems really pricey for what you get, but wanted to hear other opinions ..
Uh oh. Man down!
LoL nothing wrong with that! Hm him as an intellectual bad boy on Mad Men! *What's left of brain oozes out* (o-0)______
What I would give for a Salad...
We should have a string telephone from my room to yours. just thought of that cause i was wondering if i'd hear your music.
See No More is a fucking classic! I love the Jonas Brothers.
glad we had a seat open at the "Cool bloggers" table :)
All booked up again, thanks. Will repost if a seat becomes available.
Food dude tonight after the game, enjoy some green chili, or a Philly. Sold out of both last night. This is the real deal folks!
just said it was okay to have an open relationship so I can marry too.
Going to leave for Las Vegas today(:
When did you figure that out? I think I was a director by the age of 8 or 9. Knew it by 14. :-)
All of them! RT : Who has been on ? Which cruise would you recommend?
Will do, Mika. Thanks very much.
You and the family are welcome anytime. Keep us n ur prayers and we will do the same 4 u
U and all the other males who look down their noses at women playing hoops. RT Than me personally? That goes without saying :)
I hope everyone that came last night tells a friend and brings another friend. See yall next week
What's up man we would love to submit trax for radio... The Orphanz™
The universe is change our life is what our thoughts make it.
Totally!! Where at?
awhhhhhhhh c: hah. dude. i think im going to cry if i cant go :(( i miss you guys!!
hard to imagine living 13 years like that, but it had to a difficult decision to surrender.
RT Ok Aikman we know you LOVE Eli and want to have his baby.
haha :) how is/was your day?
Just wondering....has crept into my heart, mind, and soul?
already know baka chan. That's why I told u lol
Any1 live in Michigan??
A willingness to learn always comes through in an interview or an email (or class for that matter!). Seems so simple.
Tim Tebow must be feeling like the 7th beer in a six-pack right now
Yep, thats where it's from! I wrote the quote in 2009 & put it on a shirt in my shirt shop. In 2011, it took off thanks to..
If your talking behind my back, your in a good position to kiss my ass.
That was great!!
Yup... I'm not the best of catholics :3
Roll this up after you hit it once you'll need a parachute!!
So when are you going to do a reddit AMA?
keep preaching Tony! That means when he gets called up you need to make the trip to Seattle and go to a game! :)
lol I miss you sweetness! Hope you are fantastic despite the broken bus. Lol
It's party time!! Stop by 6-8pm for a Zipster HH. 1st drink or meal is on us! Bring a friend to sign up and you'll both get $75 DC
The lunch? I'd probably say 11:30 to be safe? I arrive 10:43 United airlines.
You may have different opinions of Season 1. It may have improved with age.
UGH! This is bugging me as much as it's bugging you b/c I think it would be fun if we ALL went. It'd be so much fun!
where is my fish I haven't forgot about that..Lol
Congrats to ... Yesterday was her first day as Marketing Intern for the 2012 season...
IM DEAD SERIOUS BECAUSE HE SHOW OUT INFRONT OF MF'S THAT CANT DO SHIT FOR HIM!
New Vera Bradley for Spring has arrived at Watts! Stop in and check it out.
Great call! RT “: Recommend: having Pandora whip you up a mix based on GirlTalk. New discovery: Ratatat.
If I'm in my office, and you are in your office, and I can hear your email arrive, it is too loud.
“ Anyone who's never been hurt in love, is either very lucky or very lonely”
O King of Nations, come and save us!
I'm game whenever you gals are!! Just say when! I've got most of the ingredients!
Bro I got some DJ gigs available with my company...Paid Travel to Miami, St.Louis, Cali, etc. etc....On Weekends....Get @ me
you called it! Darren Sproles making a difference already!
Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.
My mom is drunk, she's really funny haha.
everyone we did it! She's pregnant
If only your ears weren't cauliflowered.
I am #Habte...2012 RT " Just saw at Logan airport. Who's running the city while she's gone?"
i am not perfect; i am not my mistakes. when I'm weak, He is strong.
Why can't you understand that that's not freaking okay?!
Stoked! RT - Doing an interview for SPIN magazine.
Shout out too the president!
New York sports talk just keeps bringing up Chris Kreider and BC hockey -- this really is a thrill for me to hear
Ikr. He dnt I would be really hurt
Off to Providence, RI today for a great adventure!
we're gonna chat with this Thursday... any questions you guys have for them??
has no integrity as a journalist. Willing to criticize, yet can't take it in return.
This is getting ridiculous. Stop calling penalties and let the teams play!
Had a wonderful time Hope to come again next year!!!!
Honors choir audition went really well. I REALLY want to make this.
Fiscal responsibility must be drilled into all governments. Stop spending beyond your needs.
The film's not perfect but I already wanna buy Sound of My Voice on Blu-ray just to watch the scene with the Cranberries song over and over.
yup yall gonna burn up
hope all is well mami
It's hard to let go of someone who meant so much to you but the truth is if you meant as much to them you wouldn't have a reasons to let go.
New Orleans. :-)
that's huge...its gonna be Friday tho cuz I got finals and won't be home yet
Sounds delicious!
what do you look for in a girl?:)
gonna miss you all parents and players! Tell everyone I said I love and miss them & good luck!  bring home a trophy!!
i need more people for my fan video for and ! help me get more people? :) thanks guys ! :D
Time for NO sleep, energy drinks, and sloppy notes.
Sora-Kingdom hearts 3. Hope Estheim(14 years old and somewhat not as cute as first two...but what evs!
did you see samuel eto's goal celebration? He took a reporters camera and started snapping pictures of his teammates.
so cool dude it's history.
but a tongue ring is.
drinking a bottle of New Glarus's Totally Naked. YUM.
Baby chicks are coming! Baby chicks are coming today at 11!
- Fina Get Another Tattoo . .
mine fits fine and also hides how much of the bottle is gone.
Justin Bieber fans we got good news Justin Bieber Egg Tosser Arrested was arrested today.. read more about the article www.platinumposts.com
#marijuana legalization xtra signatures to be turned into on Friday. Needed 2400 more. WIll turn in 12,000 plus
Whats up twitter world is amazing(:
Treating myself to a few pages of "Quiet"--I love that in the middle of describing a visit to Saddleback brings in Proust.
Don't drink and drive, but always tweet and slide!
#SomeWhereOutThere a goofy maug just got on MySpace and he loves it.
You know it's a good hotel when there are bags over the smoke detectors
is she really?! I didn't know about that. What is she working in Quinton for?.
Jeff Beck was just plain awesome, last Sat. night, what a supreme guitarist!
10 minutes away!!
: I used to but my bipolar medicine helps but fuckit ya know? Anxiety is one of the worsts):
Flying coach? But you're pretty famous. How famous do you have to be to at least get business class?
nose goes.
Cookies for breakfast? Good thinking.
Looks great!
I love the Huskies; They are boss. :)
hah they are amazing in person! & no worries you'll met them! :D
Why would Bank of America do system upgrades in the middle of the day on the first of the month?
Patience isn't about how long you wait. It is about how you behave while you wait...Lord have mercy.
Oh!!! Well I'm no #priest WAIT!!! Some of THEM r worse than ALL of us!...lol
Blow me jeter
B. Griner = A. Davis
does it always take you five words to say "I"? :)
This Twin Peaks show. I think it could be big.
Just got my tickets! Never been before, but hearing talk about it was all I needed to convince me it's worth going to
word to my fave new spam follower with the bulk hair spray hookup!
that's not cool.
thank you & thank you! :)
you jus want me cuz im next, you jus want me cuz im next #THe Weeknd <------ love this guy
Hey, at least the #Winterhawks won tonight! Beat Kamloops 4-1 to take 2-0 lead in 2nd round Playoff series.
Today is National Potato Chip day! Celebrate with a yummy bag of our Wise potato chips.
Morning everyone!! Sprained my ankle last night..soo no workout this morning..dad is coming to check it out..but getting ready for work..
The Greatest Impediment to Trust: FEAR
Ebsco databases are down; it's a problem on the publishers part that they're working on
#S/O to the LADYGIANTS Softball team for getting the W against Carmel . Good job ladies !
Thanks for all those venue names out there. I'll add them to the list!
Secretary Clinton up next for keg stands...says she doesn't need anyone to hold her up, she can do it herself...
I dont wanna even think how my life would be if and the Boyz didnt exsist.
I saw a dirtier version of today. I didn't think that was possible.
Ten years ago today, I came to the US to stay 6 months. The rest is history.
Yes I did. Good luck Angel! :)
We act like we dont even know eachother anymore.
i want a little brother or sister , i hate being the bby of the fam "/
Life, learning to change. Growing into some special. Finding the flow. Creating little miracles through excellence on a human team.
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock " #SINGLES Information Is...Conversations Information Is...Explanations."
I would appreciate good vibes for tomorrow...I have my first real job interview for my career
Maybe we can give them a bit of credit for getting us talking even if they haven't been strategic about everything.
Spending the day @ USC for the Woody Guthrie 100th bday conference. The atmosphere makes me feel like the academic I probably shoulda been.
love this! Will cop for sure!
I doubt you want us raisin hell, because we're way too good at that.
Our Hero loves them both equally.
Happy #December! #Tagger here, with my team of #PrimaryCallers ready to raise some dollars, euros, & yen for the annual fund!
Just what we like to hear! RT going to see the Titanic exhibit at the South street Seaport museum!!
not liked you hoped it would be.
Haha so glad you favorited my tweet about the Bel-Air theme song. Please tell me you love Prince of Bel-Air too??
Who was the designer? An improvement, but too much empty space in the green bubble. A "compact" version is needed IMO
😒 RT : I played soccer with my crush today. Best day ever!
#NowPlaying Justin Bieber - Boyfriend
The actual recount process will be fast- but Govt Accountability Board says legal challenges could slow down the process.
no one ever is to blame.....
I have no other means, unless alpha wants to drive that way :P
awwwh thank you(: I'm watching Ghost Hunters : D
Lunchtime Global in the First National Building!
we need it!
Listening to Never Gonna Leave This Bed by Maroon 5... LOVE IT! Go get Hands All Over!
I am your newest fan! Just LOVED you on Leno and I'm a fuckin purist too!! Loved your realness! GO GIRL!!!
“: A very productive day, no less.” I worked up quite the sweat
Do you ever look at who you're following on TWITTER and say, "Who the F*ck are all these people and why am I following themm???"
Just like last time bad call by the refs that screwed the
Wow. Very fortunate. Listening to Brandi Carlile. Next up with the Symphony. Wow.
Need some FAB art? Stop downtown LV tonight at Emergency Arts, new work by MP on display!
getting beeped at by cars you dont know but apparently know you<<<<<
what ROM/theme are you running? and on what phone?
Never frown. Someone could be falling in love with your smile.
waitingwaiting. hate waiting.
Merry Christmas❤
EVERYBODY CALL TONKATRUCK
He made me laugh through the whole interview... what a little adult!
WHO THE HELL ELECTED GROVER NORQUIST 2 ANYTHING? The only pledge/oath elected offic take is to Constitution
"Sometimes I think that no city, before or since, has been so full of color and life as was Chicago in those years before the 1st World War"
To make you smile. - That's All I Really Wanna Do =D
A true friend would be honest to u even if he/she only known u for a month or 2 they would still care for you 💔
Top of the morning! :-)
Productive trip this week to visit our UK offices. Staff was extremely courteous and accommodating.
got my dual monitors back on a new mac pro. live is back at normal speed now
I'm the fuxkin man, y'all don't get it do ya?
Funny. One-namer it is! Do you think if we open a place called "Pretentious" it would be popular? ;-)
Rancor: bitter deep-seated ill will. That pretty much describes it.
night, nicole! \m/ I was gonna call what your fam calls you, but idk how to spell that shit. -.-
you wouldn't have known her at all but you stalked my fb. Be real you was stalking hollering at mine
Hey, #ypc10 folks, are you following ?
That said, I'm totally picking up that Marshall Tucker Band box.
There was a shooting @ loretto hieghts university. Dont know if anyone is hurt. Watching now. Live very close alot of police.
It is indeed.
RT : I hope, at least, this will get people to rethink what signifies a post-racial society. hint - it's not a black president.
Have you registered for tonight's 6 Steps to MASSIVE Results event? We saved a seat for you. If not, Register NOW it's FREE! http
Euro drops below $1.30 as gravity takes hold of EU. US CRE to benefit? #in #cre #afire #forex #dow #bonds #cpa #multifamily #
What is your favorite dish for Thanksgiving?
that's dumb. I understand the concept, but what if u got gps on your phone, how'd they be able to tell... It's stupid
“: Random thought.. But I don't go back to ex's. They're all gone for a reason.. Reasons that aren't very good.”
mr method man
A study done in India; states that in order to maintain a Healthy & Happy relationship, one must fight atleast once a week.
#HighSchoolMemories the cold ass hot sausages. And pizza pepperoni or cheese
hey Daniel! How are you? Could you email me some media contacts around the Seattle area or blogs?
Thanks a bunch Jeff! Hey! Love watchin you guys when I'm back home... :)
Be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,
love the look from the top
Good event—and having you all there was the best part.
But yeah, I’m not sure at all that the Bulls are getting past round one. Doh!
:::::ATTENTION::::: There is a Freakin' Party @ #NOTTE this Friday and guess who's coming....
the more accurate question: why have you waited so long to order Fri night pizza? :-)
oh I do love my boyfriend :)
Congrats to on her new manyote!
The characters on HardcorePawn are hilarious!
Desire and need are inexhaustible and renewable forms of energy, with pipelines from you to Madison Avenue.
Great to meet you as well at the lunch! Small world: &
Close yo mouth. It'll be betta fa ya.
What's good check the music get at us
Felt compelled to make zucchini Parmesan, sausage-stuffed portobellos and tapenade-garlic bread.
Yeah! RT: : My kind of day! August 13 is National Filet Mignon Day
Study Abroad Fair is today!!!! Come check us out in the Talley Ballroom from 10 to 3.
lot of ppl there ?
Only yesterday was the time of our lives ~.
This has happened to me. They have a masterful editor. Always seems the best part is after the next commercial.
Another Christmas goes by without rolling out the Xmas shirt ideas from 5 years ago.
haha we're soo cool! And yeah that song is pretty old. Too many people say YOLO now ha.
Watching Reading Rainbow with my nigguhs
UK with another #1 class. In the words of Chow, " boring...take nap ".
are you back at home now!?
« I dislike when certain ppl text me and I really dont feel like talking and they ask me what I'm doing -_-»
“Country roads take me home,” where sunny skies bring warmth and life to the Sangre de Cristo mountains.
Having fun deciding how much I like Instapaper.com. Thoughts?
