What would you like me to do with them?
You won't find Fordham professors finding your tweets ;-). COME JOIN US AT ST. JOHN'S. It really is wonderful!
If all goes well with labor and delivery, then the best time to attempt the first breastfeeding is as soon as possible after delivery!
what's your timetable today?
Prize #6: $25 Supercuts gift certificate, $75 Boden gift certificate, Boden Tote, $25 restaurant.com
Was supposed to be leaving at 4:30... Just had that LONNGGGGGG meeting with the boss. Feel better about the next couple weeks though.
It was tremendous. "Fruitily to the ear." I clap for this description.
I miss him being in Emarosa XD
I follow everyone
kind regards
Haha oh yes I will be.Why thank you!!
Can't decide what's more painful.. My lung collapsing or the bandage that's suck to my arm pit hair
You can still run your 50k solo :) good luck
Why couldn't KY shoot free throws like this against IU????
Men...pleasing a woman is easy just compliment them and give them chocolate!
glad ya made it in one piece!
Aww my god puma tryna get a deal
I have to take my own advice now…
What!? But all the hippies tell me weed never killed anyone! “: Son shot to death while saving dad from weed-seeking robbers”
Then again. Cinco de mayo is an American tradition. It's not even a holiday in Mexico or here.
Couldn't get two tickets that weren't ridiculous.
Stop chasing him. If he wants you, he will chase you
Going to Costco later! I love that place!
i feel perfect
Playing flag football yesterday got me a turf burn that is covering a quarter of my leg preventing me from walking...a wins a win though.
RT : What you believe affects what they achieve. - Brian Souza on Management and coaching.
Let me guess, things you hear when you read minds?...LOL
how u gonna not stop followin a nigga this aint facebook we grown lol
cute kid....was that a lhasa he almost ran over?
In Monroe County, I'd guess about 10/year.
Hey Warren if you feel so bad, just give the govt $, don't wait to be taxed.
;)) You're the fucking best.! But all jokes aside, when r me nd u getting married.?
i couldn't help myself. I bought the domain taxnex.us
Anytime Melva. We like what you're doing with #HIV prevention.
At this A.A aniversary
Interesting so far, very outlook-ish layout that should be familiar for the pc users.
you too! great to see the entire kaiser clan!
AFTER BURN
did you see his reddit AMA?
My mama said it would be dayz like this!!!....
Two things I'm obsessed with: Lamps and Throw Pillows :-)
Can't type these papers when there is a great game on!!!
Jones Soda - Green Apple.
You try so hard. Stop.
I totally would, but can't skip work and I'll be down there tomorrow, just wishing it was one day later :(
Lex TV station reports that 2 men, 69 & 72, arrested at a KY dialysis clinic after some trash talk escalated.
thanks, David! Hope you're enjoying the view from your balcony too!
Ain't that the truth. RT : Current definitions of what's normal will be regarded as pathological in 15 years.
Face-off moments away from - Mammoth vs on Fan Appreciation Night
LOLOLOL. Hehe, this is going to be funny.
Wow! UNC is KILLING duke! #blowout #espn#
ready for the weekend already
Just went on a really fun go-see! :p :D so nice today Kyra
The divorce rate and Kim Kardashian helped destroy the "sanctity" of marriage.
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms! And I challenge Gutierrez to a gopher grillin' contest! Then we'll really see who's fit to be Mayor! Floppy 2011!
weekend coming :) day dreams working!
I rather watch film
sad to have missed you! I'm running late, thx for the support as always, hope you had fun!
To build consensus on Gen Ed changes, it helps to "think comprehensively but act incrementally" - Joe Favazza, Stonehill
Happy birthday 🎂
AMERICAN PRINTING HISTORY CONFERENCE (#APHA) conference tomorrow in my Hood
wil u please follow me
Sad for my friend in the cast of It's sad to see this shows closing date is in just a few days.
that's what they say! :)
Bill Laitner from thanks PR professionals for providing support and resources over the years
no problem
We were heavy in amnesia last night .. BK tonight!
In love wit
RT : I ain't seen a thug in ages....these niggas ain't thugs...they just disobedient
#NP Trina ft Kelly Rowland : Here We Go
If you aren't going to the Indy Live radio show tonight , you are missing out.
it's awsome!!! Come open a geiode on me!!! Remind me when you get there. :-)
New game: walk around with a bottle of liquor, ice and mixer; go into random apartments and use their cups.. #ThisIsOurLife -
LMAO! Awesome! RT Dear Vegetarians, if you love animals so much then stop eating all of their food!
I missed 11:11.. Oh great.
is booking jazz entertainment for upcoming weddings and events.
“Why do we love the sea? It is because it has some potent power to make us think things we like to think.” --Robert Henri
Have you ever visited the African Burial Ground in NYC. I think you will find it inspiring.
We're extremely bored.
don't worry about! Miss you tho!
Aren't you just a charmer. But I still am gonna kick your butt in wwf. :)
Wisconsin and MSU lose. #BracketBusted Still have Marquette. Go Warriors er Golden Eagles!
that's sad.
you can do it babe. If you need to talk hit me up
Need a little help from my friends. I am so furious with my cousin for smoking again and lying to me. Am I out of line? I am his caretaker
Yeah I'm fun Today is the day we come together as a family today I LOVE that I saw ppl FOR who they really are
what? How? I'm jealous! “: Watching the Opera episode of Hey Arnold. RT if you know what I'm talking about. This is my childhood.”
I know it's weird but I like the talk show The Talk, it's funny
We're number one! We're number one!!
that sup lol
Y'all better jump on it!
Thank you GOD for seeing me through. I prayed last night and you are answering me! I'm going after my blessings.
dont blow my high
I'm not even on springbreak yet.......
If you a true mindless fan then tweet
Can I make it through midterms without caffeine?
"However fast you think things might change, they will change 10 times faster." - Gary Shenk CEO, Corbis Corporation
these cats drama like the plot you find in soap ops, I watch em fuss and fight to stand up on that soapbox
Only 'new show' panel I want to see @ #SDCC is #LastResort. Anything else, it's just because I'm camping out for #GoT, Fringe, etc
If you died today, could you live with yourself?
With HubSpot, PDS has been able to more easily understand how its website is generating business
I Want A Hippopotomus For Christmas, Only A Hippopotomus Will Do Not A Alligator Or Rinocorusis. #Np I Love Christmas(:
always gets lucky in fantasy football
lmao! We're a pair. Between the 2 of us, we make a whole brain. ;-)
Brian Anderson still doesn't know what Irony is.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses. ~Confucius
Haha I picked a answer answer on a test today just cause it said one direction like it said "it flows in one direction " so I picked it :)
why are you doing this to me:'( so mean
Mos def. RT : should know and hire me, huh? :-)
RT : Day 11 and everything is on SALE B2G1F (Buy 2 Get 1 Free) at all Official Fairwear Stores!!!
awww they are good kids!
lol. YES bro. my mom must think i don't like cool stuff =( i'ma cry
It's April and snowing? It better stick then!
Thank you, Brittany. Still recovering. Ha!
My bad. I accidentally dropped my lucky wheat penny on the tracks. I had to go down and get it.
What in the hell was that? Stupid, just stupid.
Being an IU alum & all, would you please offer up a #WWSD make-over for Tom Crean starting with his hair.
“: #Leo refuses to give up.” - we're very persistent!!!
"Category 'Beyond Hispanic' was opened for agencies in Puerto Rico" ?!?! #noentiendo #heard at
ha ha miss you sis!
the head of the agency the man is working 4 is outta town. we all know what that means!
who uses tweetdeck? love it? hate it? i want recommendations on the best way to aggregate my media, please.
Nickelback in Atlanta was amazing.I have 6 more shows to attend!You're welcome!I don't mind to travel to see an amazing show!
Can't seem to find a supermarket on the cape- what gives?
I haven't been on here in forever...
Missed the bus, get to stay home from school.
What is the best holiday for music?
I know what you mean. I only found out because the beta download links disappeared. Was surprised there was no fanfare.
Men who brag about how many females they're fucking or fucked. #getonmynerves. Bcause none of the women they sleep w/are worth braggin about
I showed my teacher a picture of you and she was like oohh.hes cute. Who is he!! Then my friend was singing 11:11!!
#3WordsOfAdvice so be ready
Huh, I seem to have run out of business cards. Ordering more - hopefully they get here in time for #mlanet12!
The fact that noelle cried because she was soo proud of our dance made my day
why you don't think so???
I wish that and I were both home from work early tonight so we could watch Game of Thrones at a reasonable hour
cool...did u um read the contest tweet we posted
You mean "masher-ish"? Not at all!
I want to visit my unclee please ☹
haha! look what you've done to me, Kristen! You put mathchat on my twitter deck! lol!
Don't RT he hates Syracuse and is a Jim Nantz fan.
You will freak out so many people...do it! Just warn me before you put it on so I'm not freaked.
you go around snitching; you act like its no big deal; to some people it's not; but to me, it means that i lost trust in you.
Never knew artichokes and spinach would taste so good together.
that sounds so much cuter, omg.
what's up bro
The #Packers beat the #Bears four times in 2011.
this is a brilliant move. too much data? never...RT : Nike and Apple To Jointly Develop Smart Clothing | Rumor...
come say hi to the #madden team. We are at the tailgate.
I'll try again. Anyone on #FIFA12 Xbox live?
sucks when you hate something that you worked on for hours. why am I never satisfied :'(
of course
I will puke if the packers take irving over zieitler and hightower.
E!! KANYEEZY WENT IN on "THERAFLU"!!! he's baaaaaaaccccckkkk!!
Starting to wonder about that myself. Real money in education these days is in testing. Sad.
I love when my friend Josh talks, he has the coolest accent. :)
oh girl I can. He knows I don't like him. #bitchstatus not mad about it. Gotta watch out for my sis😊
I know milk does a body good,but baby how much are you drinking?(;
#13Days ??? Why can't it be 2 minutes.
When people leave practice early.. #whereugoing?
Oh man it is true when they say money talks bullshit walks
good luck and here ya' go:)
ha no worries can't wait to see y'all!
hey your a fagget
face it: is awesome.
Thank you ! You made my man's night!
M, my car smells like strawberries! Thanks, Jeff's Car Wash!
I love French fries
today i have failed a class because i unloaded on my feminist professor for lambasting me with her skewed and ignorant opinion ..wanna see?
The Drinks Are Starting To Wk On Me....
Big Sean at #ChurchKey. Also the #plaidarmy is here.
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Somebody go pick up so he doesn't have to sleep on the side of the road somewhere in between Vermillion and Souix Falls.
#3WordsOfAdvice stick and stand :)
Ever since Steve passed away, Tim won't give me as much info. ;)
we need to get your picture set on here.
Thanks For Following Doll! I Followed Back (: xx
What song?
let's make it about that now
No matter where I am, no matter where you are, I'll be there when it's over baby, 'cause I was there from the start #wizlove #rollup ❤💛💚
: Wish we had the money or people to do more, but it's a free event and only a handful of folks watch remotely. /cc
Heaven has to resemble downtown Chicago when the weather is nice
i guess the guilt from that sandwich has long gone haha
RT : Man, some days it don't matter what you do, that spaghetti ain't sticking to the wall.
Omg!! I got a twitter!!! Don't tell anybody!
RT : Indoor air quality is important! Check out this video: 5 Systems For Healthy, Energy-Efficient Homes...
Doesn't Winger say "a man's gotta have a code" while Williams does a double take?
So True!! RT : Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. -Confucius
RT : No matter how old you get Mom will always be Mom. Mine just yelled at me for only eating peanuts for lunch yesterday.
War is the biggest ego trip of all time.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger and you stand a little taller!
Learning a lot about social media thanks to #smss12. Planning F2F event June 16 with Lon Safko, author of Social Media Bible, in San Diego.
Truth! Good work :)RT : Got my 1st run of 2012 in, feel like this is the year of the new me.
Good on you, Dana. (Still think Jimmy will tear you a new one) but good on you nonetheless.
hey sup? im bored
Just got home.
You are the result of billions of years of evolutionary success. Start acting like it.
Ready for bed.. It's not even 10pm... 26 yrs old #oldmanhereandwhat!
A Vandy win here mathematically eliminates u from being able to win the pool. I'm a Badgers fan so I want the Vandy loss.
Seriously? Did some girls forget to do their hair? This is national TV!
this storm that's about to hit >
lmao what does that mean? And are you full black?!
Starting up a small business? Check out the first part of our continuing blog on growing it! Parts two and three will appear next week.
I'm hungry.
darling girl, mostly useless for me: you know they mostly don't even make them in an A, right?
no prob just shout me out
I heart eighties music. It makes for an excellent work environment.
western civ. is always much better with a tidal wave and snyders!;P God provides!
This will be my last tweet concerning Christina. How disrespectful can you get to text while someone is THANKING you?
I Love Las Vegas Magazine...BLOG: LOVE Shopping? May&#39;s ...
You know people just like to get you down! You will never be that person to me. No one puts babe in the corner lol
22 team conference? #why?
was nothing but a quick shake maybe a couple bit on it~rookie tactics BMSPF ~ scored some cheap ones ; )~
3. #Cardinals 9 #Brewers 3 | Crew clobbered by Cards / Aoki's first Brewer hit / leaves haiku hopeful.
i think i have over 30 days to go without coffee and it is very hard this morning.
BITCH R U SERIOUS
I love having a ceiling fan
Im buying it because of the boobs.
I'm glad that ride is over
Where is your favorite place in Texas that you have visited? Austin? SPI? Houston?
“: lmao I'm turnt tf up right now mane!!!!!!!!” hm what was in that drink??? Umm turn the TV off ma'am haha!
sorry for party rocking!!!!
Ouch! :p
the hospital waiting room is devoid of electrical outlets. how will I distract myself without gadgets? may the batteries last long.
happy belated birthday from
Last night on Inside the NBA Shaq and Sir Charles backed up all of my claims about Blake Griffin. I'm not crazy, he's not that good.
But congratulations!! And thanks for allowing me to be there. So cool to watch you grow into a grown man & husband!
Did Chris Brown get eaten by Pit Bull? RT Great end to the All-Star Game right now. No, seriously.
great article!
Remind me again. Why are we supposed to care about Jessica Simpson?
The resume is on the back of the heashot. They are used for agencies, acting, and modeling. I only act , can't wait to audition for TV shows
putting "lunch" twice on your to-do list will not make you more productive
Perhaps we could put their crazy message on billboards, so everyone could see how crazy they are.
Equity Principal THE RUNNER STUMBLES - The Bleecker Company Auditions Read more:...
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow....
Great conference! RT We had a blast at the 2010VPPConf and we hope you did too!
Hey , when do and myself get an official press release?
I have a huge to-do list tomorrow.
Look at frustration as a positive thing. It is the frustration that drives you to improve. John Lyons
#HighSchoolMemories trying to skip a class but then...epic fail
-- that's so cool! And YES I'm proud of you!
Pretty amazed that elementary school students are sharing technology efficiency tips, though I shouldn't be.
A wise man ought to realize that health is his most valuable possession - Hippocrates
Thank you, you too.
Happy National Pie Day!
Also, I plan to pay in all quarters from now on!
This is pretty much the #1 reason I wouldn't vote for him.
Sorry to hear you were ill! Sounds awful. Glad you're on Twitter. I missed you on FB!
Alas. No worries. Have a nice summer if I don't run into you before. Enjoy Canada!
what's ur number then? Or have u gotten uppity on a brutha.
hey what's going on outside your building, iw ork for ch.5 and i'm being nosy!!
love day to be spinning out here, miss you budz!
One more day and I get to see my bebe.. Good luck mañana 😁😘
Unfriend You is still my favorite song it's just so catchy! I listen to it everyday <3
#idol - Hollie, Jessica and Sklyar complimented each other well. Good performance. The girls rock.
Don't be jealous , you are pretty too <33
Yes, middle and high school is a growing focus, and they're looking at developing some teacher features in the near future.
Broken bones, extreme bruising, and hemorrhaging? Sounds like yum to me :) Time for dinner be back in awhile
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
I wonder when some Sudekis descendants will surface from Illinois and Connecticut.
Finally Opening day for MLB... its a bit cold and wet here in the northeast but Yanks played and won. RedSox play in Texas tomorrow
Feel so good
I can't speak Japanese, which makes the tweeting a little bit more difficult.
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop. You know the drill.
Packing my Black Friday survival pack for work: trail mix, Almonds, Sun Chips (garden salsa), Red Bulls, OJ, and H2O! :D
there is, and you're around the corner. Marriage. “: Why isn't there a service that will give me breakfast in bed at my house?”
YOU DON'T GET OUT OF SCHOOL FOR THANKSGIVING TILL THE 23RD BOY!! NOT THE 18TH
is doing more than he knows to keep me awake so i can study for finals. Thank you for being crazy awesome at life.
Great seeing you tonight at
To paraphrase - Everything's easy except the starting and the finishing.
I'm really not feelin school today
RT Adobe Connect guy just stated that this new version is huge improvement over all previous versions. Every1 agreed.
I wanna go swimming ...
THE WAY THE WORLD WORKS YOUR OPINION
- Kuzma said I just missed you - what did you get ?
i mean i take 36mg of a strong meth drug every morning...dont think that makes gomez less crazy....but i love it...
dinner date and movie with the bff
From American Idol to ABDC, All the things I cant do cx
RT and tell others to follow if you want me to send Dm's to you personly and more!
Idc anymore just do you.
yeah! And to hear it nd think its you they r calling
99.9% of my thoughts these days are about summer and how great I plan to make it
someone already made it rain up in here!
#ImminentDanger Zander: at MJS sponsored conference says reporter 'obsessed' with civil commitment. Wow. We paid for this mike!
Trying to find the best way to cook that kielbasa? Check out Menards!
America.. we love everyone.
thanks to everyone who came and made it such an unbelievable event!!!
Really wish I was back in Indy for the Big 10 Champ game. It's off the hook. Will be there next year fo sho!!!
Ayee tyler from taking the stage is in this movie!
All I need is my music and my best friends to forget you and your lies.
placed 8th in the 10k my soph and junior years...big 8s then though
I wish it was tomorrow night and I was seeing with right now! I don't want to work!
Good job, Governor!
If you're ever going to pick a fight and get punched in the face, now is the time.
Very Monday like!
I'm confused.... did Christina pass?? I'm late. just got to watch it, butthey didn't show her result hum weird:/
People who think Kesha is genuinely talented
Good article on DHEA – production decreases as we enter our 30’s but supplementation may be the answer for you:...
To watch National Championship game or Buccos Phils exhibition game?
Happy Fathers Day! My granfather was best role model of father for me. RIP.
Oh wow! Just downloaded it! Works really well - thanks so much for telling me about this.
no video but limited & relatively specific. Need different discussion format
I've been here for Austin from the START &I'll be here till the end ♥
“: Ibaka holding left wrist after fall” uh oh
Yey Amanda!!! Welcome home
It's going well. Big news for us in 2012. I'll email you today! Good to hear from you!
Lord, before I was formed, You knew me. You know my whole life. So I now throw in the towel of trying to please everyone and trust You!
The CW network makes the cheapest, most pointless previews for their shows. Cheap network is cheap.
"If we really want big data to be useful in a clinical setting, it has to be used in the context of patient care ,
I went last night to help my mom and will never go again, people are fucking crazy
oh her Easter was great though. She got 3 easter baskets and she tried to crack an egg on enrique! Plus it was jaylins party
and will be Friday Night for Burque Bop. Last Concert celebration of the season.
Hate is only a sign of weakness, but showing love is powerful.. even towards your enemies!
you know there is an app for that! :)
#Appreciating the #true good friends I have. A solid friendship is a rare thing now days...especially in
11 puppies? *sneeze* OMG that is amazing!
Stop in for $5 select burgers (until 8pm) & $5 select drinks for lunch, happy hour, dinner.
RT : #3amigos and myself the one and only out at The Place killin it with
Tonight I'm at legroom on division st for wild Wednesday come get your hump day on til 4am!
You make it sound like work! (well, ok, it is) Have some sympathy for the guy who has to put your exam together ;-)
It could happen... I'm pulling for ya.
One would hope so. RT Any chance Haviland ends up on the #Isles bench?
I think it's harder on the parents we depend on them more, I used "The Pacifier Fairy" came & left a toy in place of it :)
Love it! RT Google’s Best Benefits: The Top 7 Perks Google Offers Employees: tmblr.co/Z9Q5axFjKs1O
Guys: The most precious gift you can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention.
Hey. Yeah, you! It's buy one, get one 50% off all month long. Why are you still reading this tweet? Come by the store right now!
Yeah it is, now I understand why he is #5 today instead of 88. Didn't make sense at first.
20 minutes till my girl gets married. It's gonna be a long & beautiful night!! I'll post pics
CBJ dman Grant Clitsome, currently on waivers, a little pricey with 1 more year at $1.125M, #TSN JR what do you think?
(6/6) Indeed almost all ‘public employees make too much money’ stories lack any actual cost/benefit grounding for criticism.
woo hoo!!! Thanks Kari :) u see that new vid of me and
Howdy friends! If you have not yet done so then please go "like" us! Help us get 500 likes for Christmas! W.facebook.com/Walestheband
Race Street Pier Comes Alive With a Summer Season Program
Alex Collazo's drawn headshot makes him look like Mark Zuckerberg.
workin on it !
Everybody, put up your hands, scream "I don't wanna be in love.."
The show has started
Open today. Peanut Butta Brownies!!! Also 2 qtr lb Beef, and or Polish Beef sausages for$6 bones. Alotta rain, im already soaked
If you ask me, business coverage is the last thing newspapers should cut, as they could use some biz sense themselves.
me too! I love that they're writing a story relating the values & experiences of GS on how it shaped women's prof. lives.
Tune Inn is open again so must have a headache. Tweet as much as you want,
any word yet on the CMA FEST?? Will u b going its only 3 weeks away u know
That awkward moment when nothing is really awkward.
RT I just found a quarter in the vending machine, if anyone is looking for a sugar mama.
You can't figure me out don't try it will result in brain failure.
Because you are awesome!
I agree
Wow! Your avatar is hot, country lady!
***Tops for under $40*** Shop one of a kind fashion from around the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
who has time for any of this..lol
u work tonight?
lmfao omg just leave now
thank u for S/O!
Screw Vikings.
first thing you need to do is uninstall Windows Movie Maker and ask yourself "What was I thinking?"
From South Grove TAP meeting: "Discipline problems have decreased as the quality of instruction has improved."
Floyd mayweather greatest athlete Ever!!!
Right!? Straight girls need to quit ''experimenting''.. All it does is break real lezzy hearts. :((
We're definitely ready for the #ALAconf next week! Good attendance, great education planned and even a luau. Mahalo!
Ok tweeple... Is campbells doing click for cans this year?
Sitin here watchin my band play This Christmas on last year 2011
The hunting party returned home, bringing their game with them
Thanks for all the #ff love guys! Keep it coming!!
I Made it to Paris News!!!!
Sorry bitches but I'm not paying $20 to park in the parking lot of MY SCHOOL
Gosh , thanks for the RT. Now if I could get you to bust a freestyle while I beatbox, my plans for world domination would be complete!
“In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins – not through strength, but through persistence.” -Buddha
Pay a mortgage, utilities, groceries, car payments, and insurance and then you can talk about being a grownup.
There's a google docs document out there ppl are sharing the answers on.
looks the battle drums are rumbling for the Sounds of Detroit to be heard.....
It was good to see you this morning Kevin at the Open Coffee! I look forward to the campfire tomorrow!
yay! And too!
man fuck EVERYBODY !
Naah. We can start the research Sunday, and do it next week.
RT Everyone please follow and help #FindLauren. Get it trending. Get the word out...
I can't stop laughing and I don't know why....
RIP Levon Helm. The world lost a music legend today.
You're the best, looks like your biggest fans are Christians today. Keep up the good work!
Swedish candy is so yummy!!!
Proud to have a fellow Zoe as a 'Skin!! Congrats PG!!! Welcome to Redskins Nation!!! #Bonbagay!!
Just received: "It is the submission part of being a writer that wears me down." Wow. Thanks !
Sean Kingston was involved in a jet ski crash and he is in critical conditions so let's all
lmaoo I'm not going in there! I'll have my daddy check it out when he comes home from work lol
on the voice! Can't wait to hear him preform Boyfriend live for the first time! :D #Swaggy!
United we stand, divided we fall.
"Nothing deceives like success" - Joe Kraus, Founder of Excite
we need a Pushing Daisies reboot where Ned's touch gets the dead to talk, but also makes them zombies after.
Just bc something ends doesn't mean it can't start back up again<3
Lets go Birds!!!
fork that!
Seniors applaud proposed St. John&#39;s tax cut
Hey don't get 2 comfortable on that chair, I am on the way back, the first think ill repeal your repeal of
by who the FCC?!! nobody cant Control the Kentucky Rattlesnake!!!
My mom brought me takis (:
did you read the post? :) CC/
100 Years Ago Today the Titanic Sank. 12 minutes ago today I watched a fat lady at the B'more airport lick cheese off her hamburger wrapper.
#AFC #NFC RT Sunday Specials-$7 Domestic pitchers from open to close, .45 cent wings.-Award Winners All Day
he's going to be very clear.
completely agree the Bulls don't stand a chance in this series. To much fire power.
The concept is that active engagement is valid-- even if contributors are creating a bad product (transcriptions, etc.)
Look at this photograph... Every time I do it makes me laugh.
Ah, birthday celebrations are over. My belly is sated, my liver is annoyed and my heart is full
on my phone I curse auto-correct but on my computer I get so angry when url's I frequent don't auto-fill
All conflict comes from attachment. Anthony de Mello
I don't understand where they get that theory from. Most goal scorers in BPL are foreign born.
Ahah, I was thinking the same thing.
hey hello!!!!
Alex from will be on in the 10:00 Hour! Wanna know what it takes to get on Ruby Hornet!? Morning Show
LaMarcus #Aldridge is good enough to get you beat. So sick of those long 2's, most inefficient shot in the game.
thank you #directtv, 2nite i have no tv. im missing and not happy. call me
You too? And now there are blue skies!!!
Dear dad- what ethnicity are you? My mom says u r Indian. I have reservations about that.
Hey! It was a pleasure sharing the stage with you last night. Hope to play together again soon!
Going to get #JonHeading from GameStop and taking him home because I'M A DAMN GOOD FRIEND. Ya hear!? Lol
FOLLOW ME <3
Have you seen children at play recently? They can make games out of candy wrappers.
Damn That Girl Gets Everything She Wants.
Going to get "Raise The Jolly Roger" tattooed on me some time this year.
Having some alone time while my daughter watches Spy Kids on the big screen. I should go down there. I would get a good nap in before bed:)
The Service Industry tonight at Hole In the Wall! We go on at eleven o'clock.
RT : I don't get why AT&T blocked Google Voice. You still use your cellphone to connect the calls & they still charge for the minutes.
Leading at the Called Out conference at Anderson University this wknd w/ Contact AU admissions for registration & info!
Man that walkin dead ep just made me extra sad
Is it weird that "Pour Some Sugar on Me" has been stuck in my head since the morning?
so bored
i got the dance right! Heaaayaaahh! Niall ;)
In Boston discussing new frontiers of democracy
Happy Friday! I hope everyone had a wonderful week and a great weekend planned! Remember, one of the keys of life is love, love, love!
I've opened heart to show u wats inside. U seen everything yet u never really cared:/
You bitch mind your business
Some major brands of
Everything's back to normal with the site now. Sorry about that.
My cat is just so damn adorable! Love her!
. Every possible aspect of planning and making today's trip could not have been more deplorable. FYI.
Excited for my day with tomorrow
Delighted to have Peter Bielagus back on the show today! Now's the time to look at those finances and he's just the person to help. Tune in!
did you just quote this movie! impressive
that was a heart-breaker...sheesh.
I think those fools are actually in the commercial RT That singer reminds me of Fries and Scotty combined
Thanks Alex. I didn't really know him, but knew folks who did. Good kid and sad story. Makes you take a minute to think.
Awesome!!! Congratulations Paul!!! Not surprised at all.
haha.... Went to Pinky's last week. Friend ordered the White Trash Burger and paired it with a PBR. #newcombo!
Some #JERK stole 3 iMacs from OUR lab today in Johnston Hall G23. If you have any info please let MIlo or Campus Police know right away!
Going to try to get a lot of work done today...tidy up all loose ends!
I would love a baby kitten.
I promise you will get a good mention when I write my late 90s-early Aughts black corporate internet roman-a-clef
was a pleasure! Dinner with you and G soon, dammit!
He always eating all the damn cereal..ugh..like come on...ugh
What up doe?
thank you!!:)
#LovetheGame - whats up williamsburg pickup league... Jordan Brand - knows how to make a good advertisement
I'm sendin my epk over to Doug !! Let's work..
Mosely need a check... Shyt I'm not mad tho!! Better get it while u still can!
What do you get when you cross Ann "The Man" Coulter with Jan "The Tan" Brewer? I have no idea but God help us all.
Tom ask ur guest about the effect of the corn subsidies and sugar consumption
music festival in benghazi moving forward
It's new comic day! What are you excited to read this week?
no, wanted to check it out, but stuck at work until 10, then off to birthday karaoke :) have fun!
You are the missing half of me
We must be global Christians with a global vision because our God is a global God - John Stott
I SUPER don't give a fuck so bring it!
Now to emerge wearing ridiculous shades.
$995 is right! even better? we ship to you...on us. So, how many would you like? ;)
Robby show me that bobby;)
I hate being with drunk people 😒
I don't recall seeing the #naturalgas hashtag as much. I'm all about effeciency and #natgas is quicker and easily recognized.
hey see you in Dayton,Ohio on Friday
Looking forward to it! :-)
flash goes the paparazzi pre show. Celebs a plenty.
Late-night Kroger runs
TD Junior Hemingway!!
AMAZING 6 hours in the studio...
If being gay were a choice wouldn't everyone just float back and forth depending on the boning opportunities.
Now Rashard Mendenhall makes NFL to Slavery comparisons also...???? Cmon man....!!!!!! Quit your job already if you dont like it
It's the spirit that counts! MT : 3 days before #Christmas: presents wrapped=0; cards sent=0; cookies baked=0; tree decorated=0
#melo and stoudemire dont play defense, typical #NBA "superstars" no wonder they are losing
Not sick anymore, got up with out my alarm, and in exactly one month I will be in Spain. Today is going to be a great day!
If you have an event, conference, party, show, and need transportation arrangements for attendees, hit us up! Let's talk!
Rondo did way too much down the line. Back to Boston to settle the series.
Clue to Centenarians&#39; Longevity: A Mediterranean Diet
Therefore, standardized spelling of names is intimately connected to the history of the rise of the American telegraph industry.
All my nigga be at in the trap house
My Monday morning train is empty. Is everyone still in bed recovering from Mad Men?
Inner thoughts...
I'm sure that feeling will change some when we're out on our own.
Its a legit beard nowadays though RT : too busy stroking his beard
~I love everything about the South... especially the people!
mm well damn lol.. i dont wear vans. i wear nikes n jays
W brand party is a hit!
just hit me up im always down
"I'll be working in a major city" ... and Chicago is not a major city?
Just had lunch & great conversation about with
Shamwow should get into the tampon business. Think of all the money you'd save buying just one forever! Wring it out and on ya go!
Brought 06 Bartolucci Vineyard Cab to our neighborhood Italian spot. Cab and lasagna? Delizioso!
We've got them all!!!
We are doing big things for #Avaya and
Ladies Thong Swim suites only...Lmao
I disagree w/ so many ppl can make no sense of virtual maps, still navigate by landmarks, physical space.
But bye.
Shout out for shout out??
Looking to enjoy a healthy lunch? Stop in and receive 20% off any creative lunch salad. Mean Green Thursday!
T-Mobile’s Network Will Be iPhone-Ready This Fall
I'm in this city I've never been to and he totally abandoned me at dinner to find a ride w someone else.
ok its hard to come up with stuff lol
Two soon-to-be released novels I can't wait to read: 11/22/63 & 1Q84.
No one's flawless mayne, don't trip on the wrong things..
I was distressed that holiday decorations were up "already", but it's not really "already". It's time.
#ladysnight at The Anchor Bar in #Tampa come in for great deals and lots of
Great speech by at the #PRSA paragons in Milwaukee. Congrats on the Dorothy Thomas Black award, Dave!!
Love this!
it was awesome (wuank)
I really look forward to reading it!
Haven't gave a shit all day about these terrible games but damn clip show might pull this off
We are booking up fast..call today for Birthday reservations (281) 872-7778!!!
Dance is the "spice of life!" Like other forms of #art, #dance has the ability to lift the soul and stir the imagination.
thanks and a half!
that's what I was saying to the bitch that's what I mean by jumping ship
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound 360 right after Spicewood Springs
follow me
Coaches who have seen Lombardi; Shula, Cowher, Coughlin, Reid, Sparano...rumor has it another one in the house Sat...come see who...
it might take a while get them all out the door, but higher order #s means easier to make them at the lower price.
LOL YEA U CN GO! ONLY IF YOU KEEP YA WORD LOL
is the best place - we look forward to hearing from you!
here's some more advice... Don't publish be fact we had a #manchat. But i appreciate the shoutout.
When you coming to Destin again?
would like to bring back the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge.
You never really know how much stuff u have, until u have to pack to move. Been a long day for me, good nite all.
im talking but inhaling
“: God has uniquely gifted you to help someone. Be available as God opens doors for you to do so.”
#Random I want to spend a day w/
You know, for being a plumber, Mario sure does get into some ca-raaazy situations...
i am now a member of . best $10 i EVER spent!
And #Linsanity continues
and that's why you are special! #thebest!
Its always great seeing friends I love :)
WELL IM NOT SURE WHO GO BE TIRED.
Love focusing on this type of thing MT : #Values Truth in values. What small or big ways do u live by your values today?
Yup, not a happy thought... Good thing I'm not about to go to sleep thinking about this. :/
yay! So excited!!!
Tip #63C: "When you want to know what I know as bad as you wanted to breathe just now...you will know." #areyouhungry?
not yet registered for Bonamour model casting call in Dallas this Saturday? Please contact Micah Blehm at
#Rainbow submitted into the #QBC film festival!! Affecting change as far as we can see
u mite run a 4-3 but u wont run up on me
Happy Valentine's Day Columbus! Cuddle up with a special someone or special teddy bear and stay warm on this snowy day.
Saw a fox walking on the bike path in Rock Creek Park this AM. Looked like s/he was doing the walk of shame.
Not cool, bro. #BadKarma RT a better Rickie Weeks poll would be "In what month will Weeks be out for the season
This Friday, 4-13, in Stockholm, tell King Carl & Queen Silvia 'to recognize'; they are Swedish royalty, you, are ours! :)
#alexandroberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet =D =]
MY SHOW 5 30 PM Pacific Time www.syndicateradio.tv click on lIVE BROADCAST!!
oh SING! haha that's awesome! Are you stoked? :]
3 pm Sunday is the worst time to find out that you have to memorize and deliver a speech in Chinese at 10 am Monday.
Feelin too good!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone. Enjoy some mulled wine and the company of friends and family!
movie marathon
Sunday May 9 here me live or streaming at www.wcuw.org on Shirim featuring the new CD release from Sababa - performing in MA May 21-23!
It couldn't possibly get any better, NEW Beavis and Butthead!
Want to make it???? First get a hot single... Next market it the right way.... Flooding twitter and Facebook will not get u on
I move out that night, so... Nothing haha
#ThoughtsWhileRunning why did Mr Luna put me in the 800? -.-
you are a puppet! all the other puppets look down on you wee man.
"Anaconda" #describeyourpeniswithamovie (the one with Jennifer Lopez, not J.Lo)
Watching my girlfriend get kicked out of DG.
haha that's okay just do what works for you! I'm just going to wear bright solid colors all summer and my cutoffs :)
Frantically writing a history essay due tomorrow hahaha
to stay cool here in Glendale lol
I LIKED IT:) CANT WAIT FOR MORE
This SUMS IT UP!
Check youy phone bills carefully fir
say what?
hey guys, we have a song practially finished! Go LIKE us on facebook, and we'll try and release it! facebook.com/MissingInAlaska RETWEET!
Spending this freezing cold Saturday night in bed with my book, then hopefully my boy :)
Congrats! It looks great!
Going to b.v.m carnival tomorrow 👍
All repairs completed
the last 2 piks don't look like the same girl
I absolutely love SWS and Pierce the Veil :))
It took me until January 7th to actually tweet about the Bruins.
cool, I met him once my wife set up a meet as a christmas present for me at her friends home. I was impressed with the young man.
heading your way!
Glad we could help. At the risk of being redundant, Thanks for the thanks... #IDODI 27 days left!
Dear Lord! Why do I have a Rick Astley song stuck in my head!!
Nicolette Your Lucky -_- . i wish i was yoou. want to trade lifes for one min :D
I love watching you play!! Any chance of RT for a orange and blue die hard???
Question: does coffee or tea grow anywhere in these United States of America?
You can break down a woman temporarily, but a real woman will always pick up the pieces, rebuild herself, and come back stronger than ever.
: you should check out Mobile payment via text message from your mobile device
Watching hardcore pawn
I know it's been a lot of years, but I can't look at an orange and white #Flyers jersey with #8 on it and not think of Dave Schultz
u know u got a "bad" phone company when u try 2 pay the bill online n the website tells u "sorry were experiencing technical difficulties"!
At the pier(:
What the F! you knew about this a long time ago!
Chris, thanks for the follow. Good to hear from you. How are you?
Eli Degibri powerhouse saxophonist w/ ability to sing thru his instrument. He has a thick tone and uses it to great effect.
Done with school, now prom needs to hurry up
I was going to choose "Beards" layer only (first showing), but if it's an indigo game day, may go that way instead.
nice HU that was awesome!
Ughh I'm in so much pain right now:( 25 yrs old and never had a broken bone til now. Just wish the pain would ease up enough for me to sleep
What page are you looking at and what browser?
RIP Dick Clark... Thanks for all your New Years Rockin Eves
I've never smoked a cigarette eever in my life!!!!
So who gets the Idol boot tonight??????? Come on....BIG MIKE???
follow for follow? (:
I bet Pioli had microphones installed in the beanbag game.
Come on and
michigan bout to get a win tonight
thanks love! But is the real hero!
I like how I can follow the mess and tell exactly what my roommate did last time he was in the room
my first SLA conference was a great experience...now looking forward to a relaxing weekend :)
Tonight is going to involve a lot of alcohol.
What a busy morning for us! we delivered dumpsters in Bellaire to a home elevator installation and one to a home remodel site on Bunker Hill
hey sis, just want you to know that you are amazing!! keep fighting the fight-it's worth it
Out to dinner and my sister asks me "So how much Carmel do I have to add to the Onions to make Carmelized onions?? #JessicaSimpson!!
Doctor's Orders: one ice cold Labbat's. Relax.
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew.
Confirmed Celebrity Guests for our San Diego Pride launch for ! Red carpet 'meet and greet, two floats and more!
what are you up to?
finally catch up on emails? or did the 4am flt derail you again.
that tweet is so much better since your pin was placed on a highway
Both. You bring up a great point- Corporate welfare is just as destructive if not more destructive
Austin Rivers
hey i see you <3
"Surrounded by people who seemed to possess a devastatingly clear sense of purpose, I buried myself in fairy-tales." --Midnight's Children.
is coming to Indiana tomorrow super pumped can't wait!!!
Drink peppermint tea before bed to help tame that sweet tooth! It also improves digestion and can help alleviate headaches:)
Do you use Hookt IM? If so be sure to add Hookt ID FWFH78U
Whoa oh there she goes...
What an informative day of #food safety and great networking at Manufacturing Matters! Thanks
That's why I love my job! RT : Brewing beer; one of the only jobs where it's okay to take work home with you
Innocent until proven guilty is just a bullshit statement now a days
Such a beautiful day and there's nothing to do..
I fall asleep in the movie theater, I come home & I'm wide awake -___-
"better drop the zero and get with the hero...Ice Ice, Baby." I hear he does amazing house decor nowadays...
118 BB. Got them from a guy here in Orlando
Im up here bruh I'm going to be here for the whole summer wbu
lovely weekend at the lake house now back to reality
Special #FF to CMO for being a mentor to me and always providing the best insight in the business
You believe this crap?!
Followed! Thanks for following us as well!
what team are u supporting tonight?
Hmm coffee always fucks up stomach
Fage Yogurt with Honey! It's been a while! Yummy:)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Me: yes! They forgot about the homework I didn't do! Student: what about the homework! Me: prepare to die..
Capitol Centre Market is an authorized Madison Metro Bus pass agent
we just got a case of Gin! stop in and be one of the first to try the first Gin by one of Chicago's newest distillers.
I love hearing the news describe people losing tens of thousands of dollars as 'taking a hair cut'. Where the fuck do you get your hair cut?
FRIDAY PICK UP LINE: Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
You'll be fine, there's an alarm you know.
#Apple best not use the girl's name, Daria in their #Siri ads because it shows up as Diarrhea. Good thing I proofed my email. Ugh.
RT : Would you like to ask me questions here on Twitter? Join me for my #AskBlair Twitter Chat on March 1st at 1pm PT/4pm ET!
Let you know when I do! Could you refer me to your commercial one? RT Know of theatrical agent that is looking for talent?
have you considered going with indie pub.? With large publishing houses spending less on new writers, it's a way to start.
Deleting my facebook that shit lame af .
i wonder what gun imma get;)
I followed back, thanks for following.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Don't let weeds grow around your dreams. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I just wanted to say "HI"! Hope you're doing good! : Bye...wait Please FOLLOW me!!! Please,please please!?
got to listen to your show choir. Really good son
nice! Jr smith rt me
great class tonight, well worth my hand hurting now!
SLU Ph.D. grad Robert Hawkins is the winner of the 2011 Ralph Henry Gabriel Dissertation Prize of the American Studies Association.
Lol ill try, ima come down stairs tomorrow and be like *cough cough* and make.it look like I'm in pain ;)
The reason we think faster than we talk is so we can think twice.
I always feel like I'm ingesting deadly bacteria waiting in any Dr's office or ER. Vitamin up when you get home!
spongebob may live in bikini bottom but i live in AC shoe bottom! follow me <3
1. duh. 2. i need some new stuff for vegas the week before. which makes this a little harder lol
What TV shows we should watch tonight - Guyism
it's difficult.. Well my 1000th tweet is coming up it's definitely going out to and 
I Hear The Cops & Gun Shot And Everyone All Shock , But Im Just Like Oh Just Regular Ol' Hot Day. Im Use To That Issh.
let me find out.. RT : ZACKLEE!! RT : It's a mass text
exactly what I was thinking! I can't believe gays of any party would calls such a big announcement "offensive"
Dear Spring, I'm sorry for whatever I did. Please come back soon.
have a blast tonight !!
ah, a rare breed, especially amongst the gay community. #NotThatTheresAnythingWrong with being sleezy hehe.
Alphalpha would be a better spelling for alfalfa. Would save me a lot of corrections on this alfalfa-ful book.
"Most people overestimate what they can achieve in 1 year, but underestimate what they can accomplish in 5 years!" Read The Compound Effect
The #BoyfriendVideoPremiere was good and so worth the wait
Do I need to push my boundaries out more? …ah well, it's dinner time!
Thank YOU! Great energy. Great ideas. Great museums in VA!
most overrated golf course? Hands down, Red Tail
If I had a $ for every submitter who responded to "this really needs serious copyediting" w/"that's what editor's for"...
LOL Yes, that would definitely sell magazines.
unfortunately. Gotta iron da khakis...
"Ashes to go" rd metro, how cute!
just stream the games online
If Greece falls, the "euro project" then falls, patients then take control of the asylum, ESM then a fantasy
It doesn't matter what your race is, your ethnicity, if you like boys or girls. To me everyone's beautiful(: <3
Bc when we don't consistently exercise, fitness falls completely off our radar! Create a set schedule of exercising at least 3 days a week
#wells fargo #layoffs #public finance bankers- contact me for future employment. Hiring analysts on up...
Buy Mike's Carwash express wash certificates from INHP & 50% of proceeds will support INHP programs! Contact now
so yesterday I turned on Netflix and saw there were two Louis CK specials. Watched them back to back.
you hanging. Cancelled Terra Nova too & I actually liked where it was going. 2/2
Thanks! Glad you stopped by! Hope we can meet at the next Austin Bloggers function :)
Less Betty, more Megan!
Ur such a bra god
thank u too! ;)
You as well..
so what's that about 2/3 of the league?
Follow My Friend Trust Me Goeko Please Follow Her She Keeps Playing Your Songs In My Ear and she's a massive fan ♥
I think today is going to be a good day^.^
Follow us on Twitter if you haven't done so!
Use your remaining insurance benefits before they expire at the end of the calendar year! Call to set up an appointment today: 608-836-5700
Upgraded to the 5D mk2...21mp of full-frame bliss!! Love my new
Idek why I'm watching it
Tonight is gonna be amazing! Love ya'll!! <33
Longest school day ever
“: “: Why not close the freeway when I have a 3 hour drive?”--- wear it!!” you'll wear it on the way to Randy Rogers.
Especially the spouses RT : Happy Canada Day, eeh, to all our Canadian friends (and spouses). We'll tip a Labatt Blue in your honor
I'm a little late to the game but I like orange w/ 2nd belt.
See the Iris One system and learn more about how VI technology can improve the way you do business.
After yesterday, today has the potential to be the best day ever
Put the surface of your watch facing upwards to prevent unwanted scratches on the watch face.
instead of Youk, Pedey appears to be the target in this one
ducks fly together
About 20 people came up to me today and said I smelled like Tabacco... 3/4 don't know what it smells like. And 4/4 of them are idiots.
Feed the big German.
Spearmint rhino.
oh. You should fix that.
wish you were here too buddy.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce, they view it as a positive step forward.
That nap was refreshing!
thanks! If we're ever around come check us out!
I think they mean "no bags of clothes". They need a copy editor.
For the millionth time -- don't send your SSN or password through email. No legit IT person asks for this stuff. Please. Don't. Send. It.
Hey scientists, how we coming on cloning? I could use a few more of me lately. If God made the original, then copies should be fine right?
I've never bought an Apple product. I've also never owned an e-reader. However, I can't wait to buy the Kindle Fire!
#RIP #Godfather of #GoGo #ChuckBrown. Your great big family of friends & fans will miss u!
#MindlessBehavior are the most talented five year olds i've ever seen lol.
yeah so if we were in seats and they had empty vip they might move us up
Today Laverne and I met and enjoyed our time together and will work hard for the NAACP. Fun Dr. Cynthia Harris
Friday's show was so great! Thank you to friends and fans alike for supporting us. Can't wait to share our new album with you soon! :)
Free Tip from www.EasySocialNow.com: you don't have to buy Microsoft Office! Use 100% compatible OpenOffice @ www.openoffice.org 100% free
lay back fall in love and enjoy ya wife.
happy Birthday! Sent by
No more school for 6 weeks!!
People getting suspended for making other people faint. We got some dumb ass people in my school.
next Friday
I got them whats good
prices have dropped drastically kandizone.com
How is everyone doin??
“: Heading to Radisson LAX to speaking on the panel about !”
How I got a text from my bubby saying he misses me and is in Mexico. >
Well, I can't seem to fall asleep despite being tired, so I might as well stay up and finish my thesis.
hi rihanna im your biggest fan! X
Thanks for following Tiny. Stay tuned and I will be sure to keep you posted. All the best to you and yours.
TRAK Records and Library is looking for a Livelink Records Manager in the Washington, DC area. Contact me for details!
"Partnerships are only partnerships if both sides win." -J.R. Kerr
Neva Look Back .
haha sorry again Luke!
Be sure to watch our President as he gives the State of the Union Address this Tuesday. There may be a watch party near you.
dream?? What happened? Also, how was Bermuda?
Follow me on instagram @ ImSoConceited Come on My
I know and possibly over 100 years old. Sad....
Exciting installation going on today at 101 East Main Street with Richard David Moore! Stop by if you're downtown around noon...
Watch for our latest discount offers in the email newsletter being released later today.
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE"A thought provoking exploration of freedom. It will inspire anyone who has ever dreamed of a better life."-Quincy Jones
Great #receivership panel at #TriSpringConf12 Old Rules New Rules No Rules
that's behind this Homework 2 thang. I have to record specifically for u
so weird we tweeted at the same time about the video
I definitely wore the wrong shirt to work today
The President's New Clothes
cell phone & laptop are both usually on when I watch TV/DVR-- wish I had a tablet.
Got to watch the fight and take care of her :-P
Shastic is the place to showcase your #accomplishments as a performer! Shastic is the place to be! Try it out! www.shastic.com
Lakers time Black Mamba!!!
my daddykins is wearing his #Dodgers shirt I brought him from AZ & watching LAD vs TEX...& its the sweetest thing ive seen today
awe thanks. :) & I know I was beasting it durring the.summer <3
SNL short was amazing and funny <3. Follow!
Who is coming to THIS weekend?
and dance
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has”
I'm the press conference - you just a conversation
watching "beauty and the beast" :)
LMAO RT. this is why our moms are sisters. Talk about serious creepers! “: When my mom awkwardly stares at me in the car”
Getting shiznit done today who would have thought
Fernando Rodney can wear his hat however he wants.
upset I missed the live chat! It's my sisters birthday though!
Bustin it down wit wifey out in the hometown seein da big cuzzo tae! Thankful for my family n my cypher real talk!!
RT Im always asked, "Why did you choose music." I always respond, "Because music chose me."
Thanks for the add:) Wishing you a lovely Sunday and #MuchSuccess!
I have 3 finals and a project due on Monday...and a test tomorrow. Good jeeze. I've got work to do tonight!
I would give my left arm to be sleeping right now, but it is currently being used to tap this child to bed!
This isn't about what YOU prefer, Demandy. This is bigger than you.
It is days like today that make me glad my office looks west and up 22 floors. Great view of the storm rolling in but no tornadoes allowed.
Yea im late, lol still on the bus.
In studyhall listening to music and then language just watching videos,skittles and mnsters for lunch and my 2 others classes are easy C:
Would you read a press release on Flickr? Interesting idea at
Privacy issues - much more info avail re: #ebook use vs. print - IP address, pages viewed, date/time.
Good Morning Mr. Rodgers. Happy Monday
Are you a bar? We'll be calling you in a few weeks to find out if you'd like to be a stop. Very exciting...May is getting closer!
opps . wrong kind of canned air . anyway . Happy 2010
i highly dislike him...
Thanks for playing our cheesy guessing game. The winner of the gift card is Congrats and thanks for playing everyone.
"The Bloody Crumpets" and "The Lake Effecters" snag the last two spots. I can't wait to see the full cast on Saturday morning.
LOL just saw your imaginary dog conversation. you are such a closet dog lover :)
oh yeah im smart because i go to preuss c:
" I'm rockin them...would do sandals too but I'm downtown...
I just realized you're a fellow MTBer!! Congrats on booking a co-star role on #NYC22 I'll be sure to watch for you!
Hanging with my bff Shes crazy!
I'm getting sleepy in dis meeting...
yes but not overnight unless they have had a background check
OMG I just signed Ricardo Kaka And Marcelo from Real Madrid 2 A.C Milan!!! In Pes 2012 :D :)
what's up you drunken bastard
was the very dark one in A Major? It's all relative y'know.
Man never a dull moment. Take my life over anybody
When you're feeling down, you've got to sit back & be thankful for what you still have.
I hope that you all got the message that I am thrilled!
i just wanna yell at her and say I will not watch Disney channel for the rest of the 5 years I'm living with u! Grr she is mean
So pissed that #BreakingDawnPart1 premiered back home in Sweden yesterday, but it doesn't premiere here until tomorrow!!!!! =(
MT Online algebra classes can help bridge gap for #rural students ready for advanced math, study finds...
This weeks #TechTuesday webcast on Deduplication was a hit! Thanks to our audience for the great feedback & participation
Summer needs to hurry up before I die.
130+ speakers, 250+ programs! Professional translators, Yizkor books, LDS microfilms, #genealogy film fest... www.jgsla2010.com
All versions, all seasons, or just the current edition?
With a donation of $100, we thank Jess!! Thank you!! You have made it to the rank of Brother Bro-Patter!!
thanks! I can't wait to download. If I can just stop listening to the new Tindersticks album.
Uggghhhhh really woke me up for this
3. Bank runs are a thing of the past.
no comment
Thoughts on Pitbull aside...AWESOME.RT There's an old lady, seriously senior citizen aged, wanting Pitbull for her ringtone.
Stop. You're making me jealous. But I couldn't do that!! Where do the shoes go!?!?
finnah smash this food ( ;
But sometimes, I really WANT there to be a place with no computers! Must unplug!!!!!
Thanks for following me back. I am a big country music fan. Do you have a youtube channel?
Crazy, Stupid, Love got the first two adjectives right. Delete it off your #netflix list, not worth the 2 hours
wait till you see the trailer.
Coming back from and never hit the gas of my car once coming home from mcdonalds.
Hi can you please follow For me she follows Back!(:
That make 2 of us. He's a gr8 guy with the love for music. He'll get so far in life with that atitude. <3
Are you resurfacing?
Seriously cannot wait to go to the pool tomorrow.The thought of that makes me happy & seeing some of my fave people! 4th of July! Enjoy all!
HIMYM finally moved forward in last night's episode. Yay! It's about time. :)
:D I have lots of random thoughts while riding my bike or on the bus. I thought, "hey! I should tweet these!" Hah
yes i like the
Time for bday supper with Mom and Dad :)
I'm @ the doctors feeling pretty SAD. I wish everything will hurry up & get better for me and my baby. And all the bad go away
It's officially summer: I have a bloody knee. Except this year it's not bike-related: watch out for those steps at Ada Street.
out of class.. my babe just picked me up and brought me a chile relleno for lunch :)
Good luck to you all! Have a great run and then enjoy the tacos, pizza, and brews!
Yes, you do need to purchase admission to the show get your photo taken for a season pass.
word! two bros. roundhouse to start!
why not
It's 10:00! Time to get good sleep for a great tomorrow!
CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE come n putcha name on it ! LMFAO xD
burger joint lol good food so I've heard
Took me quite a while to get around to it, but god damn is GREEN LANTERN bad.
Made a little video today. To be posted later tonight/morning. :D
Do any technology leaders have experience working with a K-12 embedded technology curriculum? I could really use a sounding board right now.
But at least it's instructional!
good news to spread! local #loudoun #leesburg #author releases new book in November!
Yea you cute. But dont let that shit go to yo head
springing ahead to the ER. :-(
Off to work, then time for bed!
Yep! 3 shows at the beacon :) RT : Hi...you gonna be catchin any #Furthur shows in NYC next mo?
hang on followers soon my debut will be hitting radio waves, please message me so i know what you think.
Thank you for following me! Made my birthday that much better :) For your birthday let's go swim with the dolphins?! I'll pay!
Read more of the Hunger Games last night. Can't wait to see and JLawrence in it
haha it's called assistive touch. U can turn it on in ur settings >.<
3 months today with the best boy anyone could ask for ; <3
Cant sleep
a timid yet optimistic reunion with the central park loop in prep for next week's 10K w/ check back with me in an hour-ish.
Mixing some sweet southern gospel this weekend live concert so much fun #harmony #acappella #music so exciting!
Gonna b alot of hairpulling next year.. They need clippers at the draft like going into the army!
thanks for the follow! Hope to see you at the cookout on sept 10th!
Nothin' like a little Pour It Out & Horseshoes and Hand Grenades to get me thru a rainy night at work!
Can you recommend some winter camping/snowshoeing routes near Boulder? I'm planning a 3-night trip at the end of the month.
False by any measure. RT : The Buffett Rule will raise just over $30 billion in tax revenue over the coming decade.
Just watched season finale made me choke up a little. I love this show. I can't wait till next season!
done till saturday
Oh, both of the above, I'm sure! ;) What if the st found an error and (gasp!) corrected it? The impudence!
Mystery, Sensuality, Passion, Love, Pride, Choic, Power, Success, Vanity.... Alter Ago!
That's awesome! See you there! :)
RT : Get ready everyone.. “: The site will go live Feb. 13 so let your friends know who love sports.”
yeah. it really irks me. really irks me that I am irked by it.
I like to play in both arenas. Multi sport social media athlete!!
Delighted to have you among our followers!
Having lunch at was cheaper than a taqueria.. Plus I'm not expected to tip. 💛
They don't call it #ThirstyThursday for nothing! Drink up!
freaking freezing.
With Great Sports comes Great Beer & Great Responsibility! Enjoy the weekend!!!!
#cnnteaparty If our economy is truly broken, could you fix it within one term as president?
Last night was super irie at BigTim's. Thanks for having us over. And Thanks to BigStoney and Greenman Dan for another great event!!!
#thatBUSTEDmoment when your parents are looking through your phone...
Darren Massingale's genetic code locked in for survival because his three children carry all of his strongest and best traits. He and Tony
Fuck yea I just favorited my own tweet. That shit was awesome and It's gonna happen too.
The world moves fast and it would rather pass you by than to stop and see what makes you cry.
New definition of a quickie.
ha ha. Anytime! We have to take care of our Stlrams family!
“: They NEED to add a KR.” >>> changing my tune today. Not important. Kickoffs becoming non-factor in NFL.
Hey Man If I Get U Some Of Our Shirts Will U Rock Them? I'm From Upstate NY Just Tryin To Get My Name Out Uk??
IS A COLD MC
yo need more followers so follow me i follow you
Seski plan vacation Grants Pass. Seski ride Hellgate Jet Boat 4pm May 22. Come take picture Seski! More later!
I would like a beautiful man with strong thumbs to massage this awful kink outta my neck/back. Too much to ask?
That one text that just breaks u
": "I wasn't that drunk!" Dude, you climbed up a tree and said "OH GOD! Look how big this piece of broccoli is!""
it's great thanks! looking forward to the final!
im crying really hard right now </3
so when i was in like the ghetto of Minneapolis getting gas for my car a big black girl came up to me and told me i was cute.
Special birthday shout out to our main video editor Chris Huff! Happy birthday!
RT changed my username to something simpler...since no one could spell wischusen anyway...please RT so folks know..thanks!
It was a good thing. It piqued my wife's interest which is no easy feat. We talked about casting. Explained: not a remake.
Why are women afraid to lift weights? I'd like to hear your thoughts, both men and women...
Chun: To be is to be updated.
I'm cool as long as I get to hear what she has to say. I seriously heart her!
I got everything ive always wanted living the dream so yeah, everything ive always wanted isnt what it seems im a lucky girl who's dreams
Taking more pics of my guns and posting today.
who would win in a fight prez obama or optimus prime most likely obama yes he can!
they need to make new jordans and nikes
Crack the whip
Couldnt find my external hard drive at first and almost had a heart attack! lol
no Problem :]
Evening run, because the weather/temperature is basically perfect. Thanks for being awesome, NC.
Happy Birthday !! xx
Will be closing the dining room for a party at 5:30 pm today. Will still be serving take out orders during party.
louis can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
naw we won 16-12, its finna be a long night for me
You need to follow us first I believe.
I'm about to head out to my first television audition under my new union
thanks for the mention, have a great weekend
stop farting man.! Ahah
RT : conference... AudienceScience Interactive Advertising Panel w/ and packed house...
It's weird how work is really slow at first then it speeds waaaaayyy up and then that last hour or two just kills you. Haha.
You will you will :) plus, I need to catch up on time with your child
Oh & I was eating quesadillas:D
blood brotherhood
Thx 4 chking my IMDB. Yes, news on that soon :) RT How ya been! like the IMDB update. R u playing music anytime soon?
Brainstorm....that word is soo funny to me lol
Come check us out in Old Town! We have some delicious sour apple, cake batter and of course, dutch chocolate waiting for you!
Today is National Wear Red Day: Wear red to show support for women's heart disease awareness! #Healthy♥
So, do not drink when you drive and do not drive when you drink
Its hot out here right now, dtects tryna fuck with a nigga
boom, followed.
Poor Bigfoot! Leave it to Texas to keep finding new things to execute.
Why don't they make them out of platinum or gold so they can jack up my tickets, again!
Hope it was a night to remember! ;)
Cover Letter writing will become your new hobby. xD
Ha! Totally should've been HCDE. ;)
Hang in there Denver!
Drugs & Chicken.. What!? Lol
Overwhelmed by the desire for summertime sunshine.
Are you ok?/:
Its Friday! Everyone have their Christmas shopping done?
Fr the millionth time, people, Lebron is not hated outside of Cleveland for going to another team. It's HOW he did it. Stop twisting it.
#Mayweather #H #GoodNight :D
One of the more used apps on my iPhone since I'm an Peet's regular.
Absolutely true. He would occasionally stop by the Third Ward office to say hello. We definitely miss him.
Some men say women are the root of their problems. Those same dudes think their solution is to go out and get more women. Lol
True w/ my son MT Landa "head lag" is an early indicator. Inexpensive rapid screen 4 early neuro development.
Thanks for the love, Ideaman! Super glad you're digging the Snap . . . --Glynn
RT : Watch now. on family planning.
how do I win the new Pete the Cat? The trailer was awesome!
oh wow! Thought for sure he'd admit he did!
Congratulations to for a great production. Have a wonderful closing night!
thanks for the cool new nickname, #shaunbourne hope it sticks! Lol
#MLA - high security/key control systems = the locksmiths edge. Do you offer these elements as part of your product offering?
Ready for friday blaahhh!!
Zombies, you say?
#wordsthatdescribeme dedicated, professional, hard working, whimsical, thoughtful, artistic, creative, loving
But in fact they are perpetually passing into one another
I heard someone is listening to 1D, a lot (; <3
Boo for lightning and delay. Hooray for upgrade!
Anyone seen American Idol tonight? Real Shocker unless you agree with Steven Tyler that could be a case of jealousy or sabotage against Pia
Yes and... You can hear it, they've got beats for days. So your lyrics, can reach the page.
Umm, wtf? He tweeted like only an hour ago.
Name your horse Tapsamour or Taps Amour. Makes use of Jazzy Love and Tapit while sounding like Tap Some More when Trevor announces
Learn Chinese for the day: 红色(紅色)[hóngsè] red
really you could hv waited till we was done smh
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing. -Audre Lorde
Ah, today was a good day(: Goodnight (:
well i have never heard of any such thing, so i assumed you knew from personal experience
Even Michael Landrum Doesn ’t Know What Michael Landrum Is Up To At Ray ’s Hell Burger Too
...bout me and who I fire I get what I desire And yes I call the shots. I am the umpire I sprinkle holy water upon da vampire In this moment
shouldn't you preface every statement with 'fair share' ?
It's bottling day here at the Mitchell Home Brewery.
OMG – I love em dashes!
NBA Mid Year - simply awesome.
Jets at Broncos in the wild card round, how do you think ratings would fare?
I think CrossFit has evolved a lot in the last 10yrs. I know a lot of PTs that haven't changed a thing in the last decade.
Just found all of my twitter stuff so im going to use it.
sure thing! Sorry I flaked in Feb :( I'll link you to some clubs' menus so you can pick what you want. :)
you should follow me right now
That's what keeps the male skinny jean industry going. RT Is it strange that I find masculinity horribly unattractive....
Define "working out"... want to stretch and poi and hoop?
Cuddle Buddies >>> Everyone else
A leader leads by example, whether he intends to or not. Unknown
and rant about their own problems!! You don't do that! :P
You got it! Sorry I'm so slow. Broken leg slowing me down in more ways than one!
HERBERGER’S AND NEW FOOD COURT ARRIVE AT SOUTHDALE CENTER!
I'm standing right now! :)
that sucks dude
Happy Valentine's Day!
See you next Friday for the #Bridgetefltweetchat everyone!
I'm afraid so. You're entirely bonkers. But I'll tell you a secret: All the best people are.
PLEASE follow me? It would mean SO much! I am a competitive dancer too :)
Great feedback, thank you!
I stayed up till 2 am talking to you, helping you through your hard times and what do you do in return? Break my heart. Cool.
Sounds good.
Your term as Mayor was short Darcy, we would love to have you back!
TAKS can suck it now!!
Hey jude ! :3
