No response?! (Yes, I'm answering last night's tweets. Consider this an official IOU for birthday drinks.)
is pretty
I wasn't paying attention!!
Just be aware that they (like many of our items) are designed primarily for fashion & haven't had hardcore stress tests.
Shoutout to all the good fathers, middle finger to the ones who were never there for their kids.
Just made it to the gym thru crazy traffic! Oh, traffic signals out at some really big intersections! Yikes, police setting up 2direct
I need orange leaf or I'll die
Just realized you were in Va.Beach/Norfolk now. How's everything going?
...the young women looked at the world and who they were as people.
So am I my friend! I've never been and I'm a brand new NOLA resident recruited through Just tell me where to go!
My brother just accidentally just slammed his thumb in the car door. It's bleeding. He's walking around shouting and cursing and such.
Auditions in two days. 3 vital roles aren't filled.I don't have a stage manager. I do have a hangover. So how's your day?
Following the tweets from NOLA, I am upset about the decision I made to stay home. F money an decisions that need to be made being an adult
that's my friend! :)
hey granny i got it:) tell dad i said hi
that was a long time ago...
Looks like we wanted New Orleans but they offered a whole lot more and all of it was "as is".
Yes! 100% agreed! Thanks for the mention David!
IM NOT STUPID YU GON TRY AND JUMP ME G NBS
As much as I would LOVE to see you in concert... I can't leave my mom on Mother's Day. I know you'll kill it!!! Come back to Denver!!
omg! Thats the worst. Bed time! Loool!
TWITTERCONDA (THE BIGGEST SOCIAL NETWORK THaT WON'T GO DOWN)
can seriously get anythign to trend JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES !
Check out TripDibs for super low rates, lock them in now!!
all-time faves “: Never too early, what is tonight's topic? #foodiechats”
#3WordsForYou; "Baby Got Back."
yes they should
Better retire early tonight. Big day tomorrow. Not really. Just tired. Goodnight from the Gill
I litter.
try Binnys we are in most of their locations! If not they can get it for you.
Good skate sesh with an now time to chill at tha casa
How many #licks does it take to get to the center of a #sandwich? hm...why dont you make me one and ill find out!
nice video! I just started tracking hashtags w specific words Such as #needlogodesign Is that what u mean? Im a twitternewbie
It's sad to think, a bunch of people don't know the Lord as there personal savior.
Frederick Douglas was a republican for a reason. The democratic party has always been the Jim Crow party. 4
Excellent news! You deserve it!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 48
haha nice to know(:
sweet! definitely doing it next payday can't believe I just noticed Either getting #Indians jacket or a pestano & smith shirt
Oh yeah, brother. 24/7/365. I live it! The only thing that keeps me sane
OMG STOP -.- I WAS ALMOST ASLEEP GIRL
If stuff gets to crazy you might have to shoot
yay! So happy for you. Cant wait to hear all about it.
yes! Thanks. I wonder how many likes I could get on a picture if he posted one of me.. lol
that's my shit from 2000 to now...
have fun man
good luck man!
Sitting in on Sue Polanka at #flacon2012 Getting schooled on ereader device checkout and ebook lending.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay "you're my bestfriend" dont believe in friendship!!!!
Ted Valentine's real timing is pretty bad, but his comedic timing is spot-on.
Thank you so much Lindsay! :)
Sweet! UNM set up the no parking signs on our street for gathering of nations.
Im still going...its about portion control
Every muthuh fucker that uses a cross walk thinks they're the fucken king and take their time.
On Thursday morning ... I'll have an #NFL slideshow of "Fantasy Football's 16 Best Running Back Combos"
Thanks for spreading the word!
Thanks for the
m…burgers
Interesting. I think I'll try the 14-day trial.
Yes. Print isn't dead.
Osama Osama Red Pajama.
district is not "narrowing curriculum" but our resources are diminished with budget shortfalls
My bad. Any cool videos coming before the end of the week?
A Bitch Nigga That's That Shit I Don't Like
Overheard in my apartment: "Hey, what's the minimum order for wings tonight?"
If I could I'd fly out to New York in .9796 seconds to see you, but I can't. :(*sigghh*
Yes! My first practice!
don't forget bandages for blistered feet! Enjoy ALA ladies!
Invites You! 60mins b4 "Create The Ultimate Life Via iZigg 90210" Conference Call 712.432.0075 | 972120# Go Mobile! Be Free!
#notafan of people still playing the race card. People are racist get over it!!!!!!!!
Just seen a fucking midget.....0_o
It's like my baby is all grown up! MT : May get to 100 tweets - are you proud?
All by myself. i Dont wanna be all by myself!!!!!
#TeamFollowBack what up...? #TGIF we made ot thru another week in this
RT : Speak out for the arts & arts education. Sign the Culture Counts petition!
When McDonald's brought its Big Mac to France, it translated to the name "Gros Mec," which actually means "big pimp".
I like e!
Add rotors! RT : Increase the displacement of a piston engine with a stroker kit but how can you do that in a #rotary engine?
thank you ! Will give it a go!
There's a different dub cast?
My hungover self just laid my gatorade bottle down in my truck..without realizing I didn't have the cap on. Good thing I bought two..
A GROWN FOLK'S EVENT!PURE ROMANCE PARTY DEC.11TH 6525 WALZEM RD. 21 & UP B.Y.O.B HAVE FUN PLAYING GAMES AND CHECK OUT THE ADULT TOYS!!
#20ThingsAboutMe i'm too awkward to function
thanx for the follow
We're in the process of writing and recording our full length. Anyone excited?
Hear that. It's like you've never left the park before, never gave a warning. Crazy darn kids.
Nice suit, you are gonna play nice like that suit is tomorrow, Go Bills!
Disney's 3D is so remarkably subtle and Dreamwork's is so in your face! We love 3D and its so here to stay!!!
Kerry Wood, meet the closer's role (yet again)?
Oh, Chicago. You've got 30 minutes to get to the DIY Trunk Show at Broadway Armory. The first 150 shoppers get a free goodie bag.
I'm pretty good at self sabotage as of late.
RT if you want a followback?
RIP Mr. Fowler. You inspired several to be a better student, but more importantly, to be a better person. We miss you.
I hope you all had a great trip!
yes, I saw that and quite fancied it.
Hey - you should come to ! Abs and I are here!
Purchasing a reserved AMI. Hoping somehow it just gets applied to one already running.
I am so proud of everyone that MATCHED 2day - CONGRADS - you worked hard to get where you are now!!!! Keep up the good work!!!
Thanks! \m/
Shout out from the divas..the whole stampedn tonight
lol - small world! Did you manage to see waeclipse? Got too cloudy just before totality here in Everett.
@ westside sports bar and grill kiss costume contest Rock and roll all night baby
I don’t think I could possibly make you doubt yourself any more, unless you have the unnatural talent for being wrong most of the time.
Glad to be a part of the fam! :)
no, I will not feed into your drug addiction. fuck off.
Heard through the grapevine that some find us uninspiring. Same could be said for ALA.
Someone to nap with.
I DON'T SEE HOW PEOPLE SLEEP ALL FUCKIN DAY
dear god that took forever haha so what time will you guys be back?
Chuck Norris does not use spell check. If he happens to misspell a word, Oxford will simply change the actual spelling of it.
RT : The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives.
Apologies in advance for this tweet influx. Blame work...it keeps me away from my beloved blue birdie.
"... the brand that owns coffee owns breakfast." - Debbie S.
i will once you stop posting so much shit about Morgan ^__^
I've used it before & I like it but I basically bought this bottle of Sriracha because it's the Pabst Blue Ribbon hipster-hyped hot sauce.
Amid a sea of window washers being billed as "high-level sources," Journalist should know that Fake David Boren never goes off the record.
I the donk of all donks!
school funding fails, energy profits at all time high, middle class shrinking, wealth disparity, & u want to import skill?
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!!
So I'm ready. Just put on my yellow and gold sweatshirt. Now...we wait.
Oh my gosh... We're on the ghetto prom bus!!!
well duh. You open everything in your sleep. I don't expect responses anymore. Hahaaaha
Silly turnovers and missed layups killing the
Take a guess.
Take me out to the BALL GAME!!
doesn't follow anyone. No, he really doesn't, it says 0.
I could just goto bed and save myself the stress of the next few hours
most demos are just locked versions of the full game
Who the fuck is this Riley guy.
Eyes on the prize RT
Guilty Involuntary manslaughter
I love you.
Today is national pie day. What is your favorite pie?
anybody wanna hoop? outside court by the dorms is calling my name
#JackMcBrayer (aka Kenneth on #30Rock) was on my public bus yesterday in Chicago! I tried to speak, but words came out wrong! :/
lots of silly people are trying to do that, including WaPo.
i would just ruin my life all over again
hey can u go follow my new GERL group we goin live with ray ray on the phone n tell people bout use go.....
Oh I love you!..please marry me..are you a widow? Was your husband rich?..Answer the 2nd question 1st.. Groucho Marx
barley going home, chemistry is fucking hard I hate it. -.-
This has been more like a divorce with #FCP #Apple. The settlement took months LOL
great, looking forward to it!
I don't think there is a "decision"! She can do what she wants... just don't judge parents who do things differently!
Did u see RenitaCasting's tweet about Mexican actors? Check it out.
Fellow Drexeler Michael Scheuermann is up now, he's the VP of IRT
Ion know weird
Napoleon Dynamite
It's easier to go down a hill than up, But the view is much better at the top. ~Henry Ward Beecher
If hair grows an inch a month, then this 6" long gray hair I just found can be directly attributed to this home buying/selling process.
I have a feeling its about to rain.
Yum, tonight! Thanks to our delivery guy for braving the rain to bring us deliciousness!
come get some!
Burn. RT : I would DL Doodle Jump instead of streaming Kevin Durant's shot, too
I'm apparently a model citizen. Wow.
So far it is a good day, now lets hope some Stupid person doesn't come in and mess it up
Still looking to invest in a fabulous new coat for #bm09. Suggestions welcome for vintage/thrift stores in NYC. Prefer to buy, not craft.
LA is amazing..
welcome back
I love my job
My very first tweet is to Joe Scarborough calling him & Peggy Noonan out for their Obama love, & he blocks me. Is this normal?
hope you feel better
im soo bored!!
Ah why are tacos so delicious? They're making being a vegetarian very difficult. :/
make sure the style.css has content in it
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
you need to get more twitter savy thats why. haha. You are indeed following me now. :)
she looks beautiful:)
"By the way, I have only a laypersons knowledge of copyright so I don't know what I'm doing" True for so many
LOL!!!!!!!! I was thinking the same thing earlier tonight
Oh, man. Smuggler's Cove. Enjoy. You weren't planning on doing anything Sunday morning, I hope?
ur Fucken awesom!! I'm so sorry I broke ur crystal wine glass
Thanks! I switched from dairy to soy, from red meat to fish, cut out processed grain, upped the yoga & added step/weights!
This Apple stuff is so GOOD..
Will be using for some inspiration today. Great stuff!
you both know comments like that will always make my day
IT'S SATURDAY! Come in for our 1/2 priced bottles of wine, oh & SURF & TURF!! :)
Sitting at #SFO airport waiting to board my flight to Thailand.
Does anyone use the iPad VGA connector with their iPad 2? If so, does the connector seat in all the way until it snaps?
"I love to read because it helps me learn more & encourage me to do stuff, & helps me find words." Rowen Elem 3rd grader
It's a really bad idea for me to be studying more than a day in advance. I think I'll stop now.
: What are you waiting for? GO GO GO! #1DVDcaptioncomp #1DVDforme 1DHQ x
all of it hahaha. Are you gonna do what you told me you were gon' do tomorrow?
oh ok thats good :-)
Mention as many times as possible between now & Friday, April 20th to enter to win 's 'Faithful to Believe' DVD
Correction: performance will be from 9-12 tonight.
Joline Blais: severing family (separating extended families) creates taboo, topics we have forgotten how to discuss
Yes! Hopefully very soon!
Good morning. Thank you for the follows:
All frameworks have their limitations.
thank you gangsta!!:):)
Great workout!
Kyle Orten and the Chief about to pull off a HUGE upset. Wtf
loo thanks jerry
same to u boo
Thanks buddy! On a related note, we're back to thinking that gasoline and a match are our best landscaping tools.
Movement to the Middle! It's about time!
When find someone good, dont go lookin for someone else
its all urs!! U can also have the flap of skin with my #Pisces tattoo :)
Coconut Macaroons? French Macarons? Cake Balls? Mini Pies? What's the next "it dessert"? What do you think?
“What is reality?” ~ Ramtha
we wish we would too! Hopefully over the summer :)
man..only been doing rifle for a total of 30 minutes since #winterguard ended, and i already have a bruise on my hand!
I seem to have exhausted the world of both humor and inspiration. Nothing to do but go back to bed, hope to feel better tomorrow.
Big game for #Badgers on Saturday night plus the brewers play in game 1 of #NLDS. To call off or not to call off....
Great post. Thanks for sharing :)
meh, Bravo could help SKC much more than what he can do for Cruz Azul. You know I love both teams :(
yes, yes I am.
Shouldn't have stayed up till 4! I need a red bull
I believe he can do it!
Too tired to function
Just received the greatest valentine from my bestie ! Love her too much!!
So bored I'm horny. How does that work.
Really looking forward to Boston-Miami in the Eastern Finals, you guys.
You're an over achiever & destroyed that exam.
Do you following world's junior men's hockey? Pretty good games lately, Russia and Canada are the best!))
If a dream is a wish your heart makes, and I sleep text you, it's probably a really good thing!!! Right?
"Can I help you, Nate?" "No, just looking."
#SuperBowl I mean halftime show could have been worse.
accidently pulled the hem out of one of her favorite skirts. faculty meeting. then hair appt.
Welcome aboard! RT : We are really excited to now be a part of the movement... Woot!
Selling getting up, going to the gym and exercising every day takes a real marketing genius
&quot;the space as a catalyst for making things happen&quot;
speech/language tx=art & science discover new ways to improve communication >connections+quality of life++;D
I saw your posts about locker today because I follow uwathletics. Then noticed your last name and I know of your dad.
TGIF! What better way to enjoy than at a bubbly tasting? Tonight 5-7pm. $5 to taste three. No RSVP - just stop by!
long week. we're open for business.
and they give us a hand ball? bullsit!
So I was just washing my hands in the urinal and...wait, hold on a second
aha yes but this year Steve novak
Okay love 😘, btw were hanging out this summer !
We're on a spinning ball in the middle of space, love your toes down to your face...
Korine's segment w/Val Kilmer was great, def the highlight of the film. The rest, not so much. The dogma rules wuz too broad
whatever , want.even like that . But yeah worry bout ya own rude
I need some sunshine!!
That probably shouldn't have happened.
getting a little frustrated, but im going to just smile and pretend to not be!
????and what might that be woman
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x9
Gwyneth is....stunning.
hey, Tessa. Thank u 4 following.
I have the power; I prefer the authority.
When a girl is silent, she's either over-thinking, tired of waiting, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
The big day is approaching quickly save 40 percent and sign now
you know I do. You know what I mean tho Summer in lville is just not the same as school year. I'm sure ppl at UK feel the same
Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about.
we agree! Thanks!
If you agree that #RickSantorum wants #MittRomney to lose so Rick can run in 2016, pls RT
least I won some money
Solar "Green" Home For Sale in Denver!! www.4820KingStreet.com
space is the place. Monday night n me.
Only one team can play defense at a time in this game.
I think JAM is one of my all-time favorite words! I don't think I use it enough!
My tummy hurts from lauging to much!!
Grad rate at Mooresville was 64 percent, now 91 percent
I'm so tired, my son who is recently diagnosed is beginning to stay up all night
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & THE GIN HALL HUSTLERS ****
Listening to the soundtrack of the musical 1776 while #amwriting . Such good stuff. May my wife refuse my bed if I can't deliver as I said!
adding your stuff to my todo list.
that awckward momment when in your last tweet you ment fucking but it autocorret changed it to tucking
#cauldronafterdark very happy about all the praise for the Cauldron from ESPN! "Loudest fans in MLS"
You can say it all And I can bite my tongue
Night twitter;)
Thanks for all the encouragement! !
Red Sox win! Woo
tellem RT : HEY MOSQUITOES, NO ONE LIKES A THIEF.
so if you and the boyz come to boson I will be the most happiest person on earth, I will cry.<3
Shout out ta da lil bro fa having lil b album reserved...#SWAG haha
Bout time the bobcats won lol
yo you are rated up 100%. You even got tatoos on Utopia of your head that's crazy. Why so many?
#bigomaha: Can't imagine there aren't a few of you who aren't Ultimate Frisbee nuts. Admit it: Who brought their disc?
I just love how you continue to hurt me, and we aren't even talking anymore.
make it a double shot
He went.
Pumped up kicks just came on the radio. #Old #Lol its my mom's ringtone.
Scratch previous tweet. We cannot #follow anyone. WTF #Twitter?????
I have no idea...I got home at 3:30am
polish kielbasa with green peppers and onions
Pants schmants. I'm aiming for authenticity!
hey (: it'll mean alot to me if you folloow me back <3
that was super fun! I am off to eat some kisses!
He Ate My Face Lmaao And You Just Sat There.! <3
That awkward moment when you see someone you want to be friends with becaue you think you're just like them.
that isn't a comforting thought -_-
Well, I'm also really nice to people. Let's see where that gets me. Check back in.... Seven years :)
Love all of y'all!! <3 Sorry I was a party pooper and left early.
ikr. Best one I've seen in a long time
#celebrityapprentince penn can't really be mad at adam.He was PM & took responsibility for his team.Not his fault Trump gonna fire 2.
#CYBERMONDAY Free Shipping plus 15% off coupon... www.ChristianGiftsPlace.com
Preparing to move and realizing I don't have as many boxes as I thought
what % of GOP agree with #GOPWarOnWomen?
My heart leaps up when I behold a rainbow in the sky
Duddee I could really use some nachos
I want to be like Tommy Lee and have my own Starbucks in my house with a sweet little barista to make my day!
see you shortly
Scroll over video screen to access full screen
Lost's final season begins tonight. I am SO excited!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet my bed 
please don't :(
If stress burned calories, I'd be a supermodel
I forgot you were my hero James Brown. Can you forgive me?
Don't talk my tweets wrong, its only comedy!! Dumbie!! hahaha
What even is a dickhead?
I agree that answering every question with "great question!" is ineffective. It's annoying too. Save for truly great questions.
Scary!!! How about telling us what part of Speedway.
Happy Leap Day! Enjoy!
From my Twitter poll it looks like the worst film ever to win a Best Picture #Oscar is "Every Film That Ever Won a Best Picture Oscar."
anytime lady :-)
The Skylight Music Theatre presents Thursday in the Ward with Wine. Eat local artisan cheeses, sip wines, & enjoy a show!...
Thank you, Stephanie... very much! We're still OK, 20 miles away yet, just a bit smokey. Looks to be a long season!
Death: Take my hand.. Person: No! I know that if I touch you I'll die! Death: OMG you're so smart! High Five! *Person High-Fives*
I agree! Mary's dresses are the best. I also want Matthew and Mary to get together already. Also Bates & Anna.
To put it simply: heck yes. RT : Is it safe to say you're loving it?
you guys don't even follow your favorite driver?!
Less bummed about missing out on Warped this year being that is playing in Toledo on 9/16 :)
how are u
oh good, I can finally sleep well at night, knowing that you're protecting me.
i miss !
Poor Rory. Epic meltdown.
Fresh out the shower !
haha. He's worse than me :) and maybe part of the reason for my obsession!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Rain this week-end......it doesnt rain in L.A.
or he...maybe xD
my pleasure! thanks for coming!
i need to go to a believe concert. now.
Mary will be dropping in today to inspect your room. April Fools! Fab Show! Saw it 3 times!!
also i'm packing, so i'm terribly cranky anyway.
I need to buy a Galaxy S2 for da low... Wassup?
Cloud Hosting Can Be Good For Both Small Along With Huge ...
I saw the movie Dysfunctional Friends. I though you did a wonderful job. I love that type of role on you. Great job.
Being sick totally sucks. =(
As the adventures of Robert Downey Stark frequently teach us, it's not work if you do what you love.
No old lady just cause YOU told your granddaughter it's ok to pet my dog doesn't mean it did!!
Morn. 1st class down.
Oh Hells Yes!
At best, he'll have some paternalistic, scolding message to the Black community. At worst, he'll "Willie Horton" us like Bush
Karon Butler look like he model Bluetooth headsets in his spare time.
Welcome, Publisher.
TURN HATE INTO MOTIVATION FOR SUCCESS AND LIFE IS GOOD
Uhh. I must not be dorking enough? "New NO in Jedi?" No comprende :(
Bringin' the PBR skateboard tonight! Come out to #tnnpbrtuesday to win!
i just realized i never actually said happy birthday to u yesterday,so happy birthday i wuv you and i get to see u tomorow!
For some reason they ate less when they hated blacks and had more access to plaid.
In other news, about 5 Cobb Police cars hittin' up the neighbor's house right now.
I disagree, but that's cool. I'm not going to tell you that you're wrong for liking it. I like that you like it.
Waiting for new season of ABDC!!
Make someone smile today:)
also, remind me to tell you the awesome thing I want to tell you tomorrow.
And don't get me started on the kerning! ; )
it was 2 am lol its early but i had places to be in the morning
did you not need to upload your poster on Monday?
The hashtag for those who couldn't attend #ala11 is
i have that one tapped to my computer
Well that was quite enjoyable... the dash of sexiness (aka ) didn't hurt. I'm hooked.
This child is a survivor!
darn that wouldve been fun. We had Football practice till 6:30 tho
Smoking weed under star projectors
#fashionadviceneeded Cell phone in pocket or belt holster?
in addition to Favorite there should be a "I also find this frustrating" button.
hockey is this sport where they have this little white ball, 3 bases, one home....oh wait
MT : A3: Driving conversions is key for us. Conversion usually means diff things to diff brands.
of what?
i went out of the house and saw a black car i blinked and it was gone
Purging. "Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful." William Morris.
Losing my mind
What I would most enjoy in imaginary Shazam-type apps though would be an "Identify the regional accent" one.
The fog was really cool in my neighborhood this morning ... appeared to be stuck in one person's backyard
sorry I am so "e" dumb, i am seeing your work on the site
Is this the same req over and over or are these multiple spots?
Go Team Holly!(:
Were the ladies at
Today, March 1st is World Compliment Day... Figueroa Philly Cheese Steak has the best fans ever!
yeah and it's all coming true.
Congrats on Trooper! What age kids will MS have?
When somebody tells you nothing is impossible, ask him to dribble a football. ~Author Unknown
the kills were all exact. Her first direct kill was the raid at the Cornucopia, tho -- fighting for the backpack/meds. 2nd was mercy
Uh-huh...sure!! "For kids" Hey, I'll always be a kid, will get it on next grocery excursion.
I'm sorry I had to be the one to tell you. :(
I can't wait to see what you do. I loved the photos of her nursery!
If only you saw what I can see; you'd understand why I want you so desperately... <3
About to get silly in the name of cancer research!
Art show tonight at Bedouin Vintage Collective. Art from Dion Terry, Jason Feather & Michael Amorillo. 2621 El Cajon Blvd. Starts at 6pm.
it's not bob marleys birthday
my mind is being blown so far!
Send the unfinished package to me..Love M&M's
they some lil dumb hoes!! RT: These young bitches got no sense"
Hm, wondering how #NFL selected Payton as the scapegoat for something that was probably widely practiced?
Finally updated to OS X Lion. Trying out this new Twitter app from the app store. What?
AWESOME BECAUSE LOUD BURNHAM MUSIC ROCKS!
There should be. I think toes spend a lot of time being traumatized.
Wise actions are stronger than wise words
you… wat. I can't count the ways carmageddon has amused me & brightened up my day as an angsty teenager. <3
RT in the building!!!
how many tickets could I steal from you for tomorrow's Nuts game?
Why the hate for riley cooper . You can all shut your faces.
Might get in trouble at work for this dress I'm wearing... We shall see.
Home-made chana masala, a tripel, and some grainy bread. Ready for the rest of the day.
Time to eat i was STARVING
thanks for your support, see you this afternoon
alright =) your a great singer.
We are so excited to share more music with you all. When our Facebook gets 500 likes, we'll post more music! Tell your friends! :D -Jenny
you know you're from Madison when you read #badgirlsclub as
I know! Isn't it? Glad you're liking it!
oh hi
Bryce Harper just flat out hustles 100% all the time.
Everyone has a fair chance to be as great as he or she wishes to be
OMG STOP IM FREAKING OUT ARE YOU SERIOUS OMFG I NEED THE FLIGHT INFO OMFG IM DYING
Stop in today for our Sunday Brunch Buffet until 2:30! Prime rib! Eggs Benedict! Biscuits & gravy and much more!
when's the next time he is playing live?
Thank you! How did it go?
Not really a big Don't Knotts fan.
leave me alone nigga
Bitch you get no love(:
Of course - we adore it!
I guess? By Stephens Coll and Lee Elem on the southeast corner of downtown?
I need to get my tweet game up. I'm still in the 100s lol
#PeopleNeedToStop remaking oldies but goodies and start making original material.
So much for squealing over politicizing things like this. 224185-obama-campaign-suggests-romney-would-not-have-launched-bin-laden-raid
Congrats boosie. God works wonders. Your music is still terrible tho
It has to be! RT : I actually feel bad for Kerry Wood right now. I'm sure this is miserable for him.
I want to know why there's no Marshmallow setting on this microwave.
ur siblings set of an alarm lol
PAGAN! (not to be confused with the religion)
I hate rainy days...I just wanna stay tucked under the covers
You would be amazed at what anti-virus software can't kill. I have up to date protection, but these new viruses....
Good actors can sort of see into people and immediately you have a chemistry with them or not. It's like an affair with no mess. John Cusack
Remind your friends and family to go vote Jackie Walorski for Congress this Tuesday!
the more the better! lets all line up!!!
Last day to Out Write Janet - send your word counts in to Joy tomorrow!
Glad you like the concept! Have you been to any of the places on the list?
: In Camden, NJ 5% of patients account for 60% of costs. Is this typical? Hauntingly, we don't know.
you know you want to see a bunch of wussy folk rockers try to play Call Me Lightning.
My peppermint piccolos are off key.
Great job today!! Good seeing you! See you Thursday morning!
Manzano Mile!!! April 2nd. Kids can run the Future Milers race for free, get a tech tee, and meet Leo Manzana. Register at manzanomile.com
Can't wait to see what's in season this year on the beach farm
“: What you give is what you get. My daddy said that and I'll never forget. –Tiana (Princess and the Frog)”
- Thanks for the update, fellas, and for all the work you do.
we couldn't agree more!! Or a nice Garnacha and some Coffee Toffee, or a nice unoaked Chardonnay and some milk chocolate!
I haven't played spades since Harriet Tubman was in 3rd grade
Lmao, yes that place
Inst-archive?! RT : We've found the future of journalism: newspapers coming out on Instagram
Let's go OKC!
that amazing writing moment in Lost? What season? I'm getting close and I dont wanna miss it! :)
no countertops to make anything on
Sure! Thanks.
What is your favorite song from the 90's?
Life's too short to be stressed! Whether you visit us for some pampering or just spend time meditating, make sure you get some you-time.
I miss you!!!
FYI: Now 8 of the 15 seats are spoken for at the Sat. April 7 #NOLAEats dinner at Borgne. RSVP required, no-shows will be given wedgies.
#ThingsMyMotherSays (or used to) my momma used to say "yum-o" like Rachel ray did whenever she tasted something she liked.
Awesome Mention, Thank U! #FF Love
Eli just said, "Momma, I've been playing this guitar for 40 years." He is so silly, he must think he's an old man!
RT : Superberry and Clear Mind kombucha by Brew Dr. are on tap in the juice bar.
follow back? :D
Go on a trip with the wife and don't bring a tux!
�The common reputation of Twitter is that it�s frivolous, which isn�t the case
Won't be product of my environment give me some time my environment will be product of me
So excited to pick Robbie up from the airport today! I see Mime and Dance being integrated into the next week ;)
Thanks for the RTs.
Now blasting music
Quinn the Eskimo.......again
No Adele, but there *may* be singing involved. Details in development.
That would be epic
Thanks for the RT!!! Honoring my nephew on my journey!!!
I have more tweets than followers. Does that make me a loser?
Good morning! It's. Friday!
Cooper dealership in Ann Arbor to be acquired by Columbus, Ohio, dealer - Detroit Free Press
Watching go from their old cottage to a brand new studio. Kind of inspiring, very cool. Been watching since TechTV.
no but i'm definitely flipping between TBN and
Omg I want Starbucks
So give us some legislation to consider. Now there are 2 options: HR 1254 or synth marijuana next to candy bars & bubble gum
I think it's a great time to book one of the DJ's
why Erica face look like a big toe though?
Pacers closing out
I hate saying goodbye to my best friend and not knowing when I'm going to see her again :(
#gettoknowyourfollowers week can you tell us more about your gallery?
are you planning musical gifts for christmas? we can help if we know early.
Hey I wish I could meet you. And this is crazy. But follow me maybe? Sincerely,
sounds like you are stuck in 1996
Hahaha! Thankfully my taste in music isn't THAT bad!
2-WAY SMS can drive engagement/behavior change. Txt QUIT to 47848 to see how helps reach teens to
not true...but look like him tho
Love love love love love. That is all.
Lots of artificial legs walking round Seattle-2 in 10 mins. High %age vets?
Vacation means not having to be dressed at 10:30AM. I need more of this vacation thing.
Did you make it to #SloPigMKE last night?
Boredom is very dangerous!
Hello new mercies
I need to invest in a nice leather portfolio. Yikes, next paycheck?
my buddy got a big mouth she wasent suppose to say that lol im abaut to dm u
text me a picture of the bin
No more Nene and Melo getting coach's fired (or resigned) It's like Christmas!!!
Don't forget to visit the Prize Center at our virtual summit on ebooks for info on how to win an iPad today at the show!
WILD WEDNESDAYS at BROADWAY BAR !!! IT GET GOOD, COME SEE FOR YOURSELF !!!
I told you some would be sitting on their anti-Mormon bag of slings and arrows until Romney secures the nomination. Here it comes. Problems!
Can't stop listening to especially the song Can't Wait
If your shirt covers up more of your thighs than your pants do, A) there's a problem and B) you're a hoe.
"we gon' get the FBI up in here to shut this place down!!!" haha
Who's quote is that?
what happened to it?
Hey now all we need is a 'beer planet' with a pizza moon orbiting it and I'm set!
Our meal at on Mon night was delicious. Prosciutto wrapped figs--wow. Thanks and
Just checked it out. Love it! But don't think there is a way to use it for Pages. : /
You want the truth? You're a short, fat, ugly ho.
#AGirlDeserves someone to love n so does a guy
Don't worry. #Eagles got this. This a 4 quarter game. Oh, wait.....
#ff The hottest new artist
Ah but my girls tho haha killin ...Ah ...Champions?
i love my CPD 150 class. we have so much fun in there. :)
hello Alex (:
Hope you get that job!! I'd hire you to do it if I could!
Wear new clothes. And get a... No, hang on... You should have gotten a haircut yesterday.
Not getting power from your pressure washer? Clean the tips. What a difference it makes.
well thank you :) and of course I will <3
I dunno but I want to go there, light a candle or something.
A 5.8 magnitude earthquake just struck Virginia. Felt it here in Washington DC.
Mike miller looking like billy hoyle. Lol.
I used to always wish my name was Haley. I'm being a hater. Bad girl! :P haha
you really aren't sold on the iPad yet? What about the Fire? I love both of mine. LOL! Have a great weekend my BFF
aw girl I am absolutely loving it here thanks! I will visit as soon as I get the chance I promise!!!! <3
just follow
text me cuh
Hi, Wednesday? Please be nice to me.
I'm still in shock.
This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
going to HEB to buy cantaloupes
they got a police escort. Should be there now
Very different perspectives between #Obama and
For sure. Gale has been on my list for a long time.But the source DB may be the trouble today (EBSCO) or the SFX knowledgbase.
Cosign!! Take the verbal beating like a man! It's a sign of disrespect when u don't give the winner props.
LOVEE Hollywood Dream :) awesome job.
Time is priceless, so don't waste it.
Def a bit more sacred. DEF RT : Marriage is as Sacred as a Record deal contract ...
#Mavs have survive 3rd to have a chance to steal one
Today's featured man candy: If he was a candy bar he would be a Mr. Goodbar, if you know what I mean.
Working on Nike commercial all night long. Hope I can stay awake
spencerkanemusic is my screen name. u on SKYPE now?
y he wanna a brother so bad he 2 talkin bout n damn brother
literally so fucking exhausted
Big cheers as the black team's Smith & Justice are introduced
Jeeze Penny is such a major bitch!
I'm craving fried tofu in brown sauce, egg drop soup, and veggie spring rolls. Agh, sounds so good right now.
don't you listen to WWL? C'mon girl.!
Tha people yew love tha most can play two sides ov tha fence too...
Wolf: "Why would your wife make the best first lady?" Newt: "Which one?"
the Spur of the game lastnight.. I told you I follow you on twitter..Haha
it's sponsored by #meetup at #meetup. is going to present too. should be fun. let me know if u have q's
I'll be there Fri and Sat all day if you can make it back by
That's really sad
aren't you adorable standing up for a homophobic flopper. full credit for beating us for the first time in five years.
Florida is awesome
Tune in to at 2:30pm! Dr Heather will be discussing Keratin Enhance and Collagen Enhance with
Watching the Blues Bros. Eating Home Run Inn pizza. Now all I need is a green river soda
More library tours... the Reference desk can help you find any References that you need!
Today's Black movie of the day is "Red Tails!" Yes I already saw it but this time I'm going with my youth group at church.
I could listen to Mike Tyson talk all week
someone from Henrietta was number 5 in the draft I heard.
Rolling a blunt wish I had someone to smoke it with..
The cove is my New favorite place to eat NOW.
Broke my silence, but I still supported the cause.
Look at my wall. My status updates show there, but not on the public wall. Strange?
Shut the hell up! Your not a no body fool! Your beautiful, smart, sexy, and if you don't know you've been bless, Dam you!
hi thanks for the message. I have messaged u on fb. Let me know when is good time to talk. Thanks for reaching out :)
That's that Sarah palin....
please tell me your kidding...
Go Milwaukee Brewers!!!
Wanting to see #BreakingDawn again :/
only temporarily! just here on an extended holiday! good to be back though :) miss this part of the world <3
uh oh what's that mean?
wait what? haha
I do recognize the other two lines, but I don't know the next lines.
Nice Psalm 1 reminder there harry :)
Next time, add some cool indie artists and crafters to the brew for #clustertruck .
Screw you Daniel Bryan
Back to #twoadays, gotta get this booty firm for #summer,
hate #blackouts :/
MJS: "Barrett has said that WI under Walker lost more jobs in 2011 than any other state in the nation." Wrong. Your paper/BLS have.
good bas zaha2 kteeeer and i am listening to hurricane u?
lol; those people are better than me; cause I'll be damned if I try that total darkness stuff
nutella is god!
thanks I'll be ok. The walk home may have been more scary
People at school can't stop talking. To other people they say we're all a "big family", my class. lol no. you wish we were family.
Baby boy and I headed to Richtown for Graduation. So proud of her!
I feel like if this protesting continues people are gonna end up rioting and then I won't be able to go downtown anytime soon -.-
First day home from Utah, and instead of working, I have been loving reading the Alt recaps from folks!
Last point…when all else fails, keep track on the calories
I don't know whats happening, Creatively Im feeling the doors open again,
FUCK NOW WE HAVE TO GO TO THE GUM
Just got a text from my sister. She is waterskiing in S. Illinois. May 6.
Haha that's funny, I can see those old people watching
RT Visitor Comment of the Day (so far): "Please tell Mr. Nelson I like his museum very much." (Abby, age 7).
LookinG For ThiS
Here when ya need me for perm IT talent! :)
Its hot as hell.
Damn. How about "Very bad, very scary, very terrible things happen. And then they happen again. And again." :D
~Attention ICONiacz!~ what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April? Any ideas? (:
Philly is in Pennsylvania, Ozzfest is in Camden New Jersey.
clearly no, it's not.
The man who says his wife can't take a joke, forgets that she took him. ~ Oscar Wilde
Can U wake up with jet-lag if you dreamed in the wrong direction? Sure feels like it.
Omg stop following me.
That garners RESPEK. Way. I stack paper and I ball outrageous, too. RT Ain't no way you listen to Young Jeezy!
That angry energy is good! They can channel it back towards getting involved in their community, being a voice for change
Back in my old jeans... tight, but buttoned! Now what to do about the muffin-top?!... :-)
Lmao he is crazy lol ": My dad: Zyrece what would you do if I came to yo school with some skinny Jeans on? Me: o_0 hide Smh this m
"Fine then. I'll just eat Chinese food every night." - whiny dude on the phone w/his lady, trying to get her to come over.
Can't believe I've been for a year already! I feel blessed to have this opportunity and continue to love what I do.
Fun watching Mavs at hotel bar. Think we picked up a few fans even with loss
I've been asked to do a last minute library tour/scavenger hunt for 10-13 year olds on Saturday. This should be hilarious for all involved.
aw thankyou!!! It's perfect!! :) <3
Reputation for tastin, I'm killing them hoes, like Jason.
Yup - is washing his hair in the sink post bird shit attack.
When I see stupid people on Twitter acting like Obama legalized gay marriage I want to yell at them, but then I remember that they're too
content marketing is where you create media so you can be your own advertiser.
A kind of cross between Julia Roberts and Jack Nicholson. ~ Jeremy Novick about Lolita Davidovich
If I don't get to see her tomorrow I know I'll live my whole life with regret.
Alright, thanks !
The film is almost entirely finished it's rough cut - then moving towards a fine cut asap!
post a link to it
no way #Ravens trade up for Hightower, too many needs to trade away draft picks this year...they pick at 29 or trade out.
It's now sunday which means one thing..... TONIGHT!! so just to warn you all, i will be V E R Y excited. yayayay!
why did espn hold the syracuse sex tape for eight yrs. They persecuted paterno and are giving the same answers he gave.
I apologize for being out of twitter for a while. Let me know what's going on and I'll retweet anything you tweet me!
Lol I fail with guys
Modernistorical Cuisine? meets A molecular take on vintage recipes.
For some reason the holidays increase my rate of falling asleep in public.
Dude hostel is some HOSTILE shit.
Want a iphone but Im waiting for iphone 5 :(
Eeep... tonight is gonna be awesome..
I know :( Jake visits him 2 times a year so hopefully there will be one soon!
It's so weird/cool to scroll through Instagram and see people screen shot apps you design the UI for.
I second this notion. “: Amazing set last night at ”
you're my love and my best friend
goooodmorning :) how'd you wake up on this beautiful morning?
h-town is back!
Break a leg cast of "Hiding From Adults"!! We know you'll kill it at
The 7-ounce Genesee JR bottles we experimented with back in the day were great, but they left us craving something. Like 5 more ounces.
40" auto-platen die cutter has to be sold by June 2. Current offer $40,000. Buy-It-Now price of $65,000! 888-BRAUSSE. Call for Info.
Okay, good to know it's not a totally wacky question. I'm with you re: college.
put her n e where..... She'll be the baddest in the room
Yes he did...and his best dances are still to come!
Jerry Coleman~ Billy Almon has all of his inlaw and outlaws here this afternoon.
Those were the days.. Smh Lol “: #MyFirstYeatAtFAMU used to help me clean my room lol 😁”
Love is lifting the restraining order.
good morning! Someone tweeted about smiling at whomever you pass and it reminded me of you.
#inshallah everything will be okay ... n that's my personal sincere
This fellow journalist cheered when you stuck to the facts tonight."Keeping them honest" isn't a catchphrase, it's our job.
Exhausted from such a long day! Been a bad tweeter this week! Just been too busy! Will make up for it this weekend!
Ahh yes, 7:30 on a Friday night. When my Twitter feed floods with Instagram pix of buddy's beers and their #foursquare bar check-ins. Magic.
no that was for the guy that recommended the McDonalds owned Mexican.
ooh. Our power is out at the library too. Wonder what happened.
oh...ur in my hood! Have fun!
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Keeping stakeholders from introducing feature creep.
"Please do not power off or unplug your machine. Installing 1 of 3..." + I gotta hit the road = I *Hate* Microsoft
Ugh. You had to remind me didn't you? I really wish I could be there!
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal. - Zig Ziglar
Thanks for the mention!
It's cuz I'm smart. LOL
How are you celebrating your cinco de mayo, #lakeview? Come start the day right with us at !
the awkward moment when someone comes up to you like hey! But you no clue who they are.
FIRST weekend opening....#success!!! YAY!!!!
- we used to play sandlot games with members from my school's team and I was better than most of them. Not bragging!
Pondered the complexities of time travel and other aspects of quantum physics.
Thanks for sharing Alex's post with your followers! Have an awesome week :-)
Thought without action is not worth much, and action without thought can be even worse.
GO LIONS!
Following the IndyCar crash at Las Vegas a week ago, Will Power has been diagnosed w/compression fracture of fourth thoracic vertebra.
Hey man, just a heads up; i'm sending you a DM in a bit. Had a cool idea last night.
which game should I attend this year? Need to keep the live tweeting tradition alive!
i still cant believe my favorite band is going to be on my favorite show!!!! Congrats :D
Also, let it be said that David Halberstam is a lousy typist (and not fond of capital letters).
do you think cows would ever fly.
You know what really bugs me? who comes up with these stupid trends like #IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake That really bugs me! Follow and retweet!
Damn peopes kids yelling in IHOP...
The campus police investigate crimes that occur on campus or school grounds. The campus police are a local LEA.
awesome! Thanks! (:
O'Flaherty denying report he will step down. Says he intends to serve out as Judiciary chair this session.
Ohh and our gym class ( :
Using the Norwegian keyboard ... my fingers are fumbling a bit.
People need to make up their damn minds.
Thanks Chris and WE ARE! RT Just wanted to say hey to #prsms ! Hope you're having fun. : )
congrats on the young dem article in this weeks CL
I got 50 on OKC tonight!!!!
Happy Monday! - Thanks for the follow...right back at ya!
The winner of our Perfect Grandma Contest is Betsy Roybal from Las Vegas, NM! We are deeply honored to have her represent us.
We've been getting a lot of production requests - we're booked out until Fall, so for all those looking for #videoproduction - PLAN EARLY!
sorry for the late response. Pop up afternoon showers will become a more consistent rain tonight and tomorrow.
I heard the Rubicon in Mission Hills is opening tomorrow... FINALLY!
Clearly I am preoccupied. Why else would I be wide awake in the middle of the night. Again.
that sucks =|
Boom!!! .02 off my fastest time and it's the first day on this new bike :-) tires made the biggest difference
Shareholder Files Lawsuit Over Windstream, Merger
“: Puccini's ranch will always be better than Mother Bear's ranch.” I second that.
Just got back from an AARP shoot, edited, transmitted, and it's about to go online - how's that for expediency
this is exactly what makes them cool. I'm sleeping in your living room...don't wake me
Got 3 pieces of snail mail from Verizon today confirming decisions I made on the Internet. One of which was enrolling in paperless billing.
Happy Saturday mornin' friends. ;)
awwwwh! :D tell him in grounded from my phone and i cant V.V tell him to get back on twitter D:< im ok.. my bffs r over :D
Up early !
Talking lizards, pile of money with eyes, old creepy dude, cavemen -- geico has too many spokespeople
so hungry! think we're going to a Japanese in Glasgow before the Kings - Excited :).
My computer is so dumb.....
Monday Night Raw!!!! :x
Using the Monterrey Bay Aquarium seafood app to pick dinner at SeaChange!
I just applied for a meeting!
Having a blast on set! So much fun working with such an awesome crew!
same to you too :)
you should come to in June. is going to be here...need I say more?
My bed is huge.
congrats, dude!
How is that fair?
Newt Gingrich ends his speech in Iowa with "Eye of the Tiger" and just seconds later it's trending worldwide on Twitter.
I agree: another reason he is better for CBB than the likes of Bo Ryan or the spawn of Pitino
Wanna be in the band?
awesome! congrats!
Wake up and smell the disruption. 2012 will be a whole new game for the publishing industry. And Hollywood is shaking hands.
Lee’s got a brand new oven, so she can bake more croissants for you on weekends. Plain, chocolate (natch) and almond. Crisp and light.
I'm Keelly xD nice to kinda meet you sir (:
I usually get excited for new apple announcements. But since I bought a MBP in november...not too stoked for the new release.
I've been off the grid, especially the twitter grid, but congratulations on all the roads that SILVER SPARROW has traveled! yay!
Are you my soulmate? 'Cause if so, girl you a blessing
RT RT : The only way our kids will win is if they have options. -Dr. Howard Fuller
So far away from where you are these miles have torn us worlds apart and I miss you and I wish that you were here...
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job?
Omg gotta buy that song!!! :D
sharing is caring, right? thanks for watching the video.
Absolutely. RT including a baby in a bar?
i need summer, im so sick of papers, readings, projects, and homework.
.... you applied to a McDonalds in Los Angeles?
Found myself missing coffee mosies with and as well as the ones with and
Had ketchup with my eggs this morning
I feel bad for the girl that slipped on the other girls wig.
yep *sadly*
At Andrew Jackson's funeral in 1845, his pet parrot had to be removed because it was swearing.
All safe here in dfw. Storm passed by work.
RT : Check out my YouTube Page = FrancoiseTheLight
do you see finley walking next year? (from GB)
yea filth ball happy birthday :)
:P Give me a break! We need this one, it means nothing for the Bulls!
You think you're real?Since when did real mean acting/being different with every person/group you talk to??
hey bm .....love yall
I am so not a flirt. Can't a girl talk to a guy without getting accused of flirting? Come. On.
It's #OpeningDay! Good luck to the Milwaukee #Brewers! Any tailgaters want to drop off a few brats and beers our way?
Good luck with your #SYEP application. We started in 2010 tweeting about openings you can intern for
Is a "know-it-all" jerk, that tried to get snippy with me for losing his Hickman Academy shirt which, he lost...then found.
Me, today = unbelievably fast email processing machine.
Harbaugh statement: "My reference was to the perception out there that came as the result of the league’s actions."
Just when things look bad "remember kids Charlie loves you." Lol:-) :-) :-)
um don't worry I'll still be here for 2 more hours
I told you I was coming home Monday morning!!
Photobucket if I'm not mistaken!
Breaking News : Dick Clark pre taped New Years Rockin Eve for the next 5 years
I agree, apple has created some great opportunities to change resolution standards, I wish monitors would follow suit.
Orlando #Magic Reportedly Interviewing Adonal Foyle for GM Position
see you then!
You haven't accepted my request to view your Instragram photos, so I'm missing out on what I suspect is a lot of Toby awesomeness.
I still think that we shouldn't rely on a rodent to decide how long winter will be for us.
well..I know MaryAnn has it in for me lol she hates the attention I get from guys lol
RT Just finished 3+ hrs of hrg re devastating cuts to CA's judiciary. Democracy cannot std w/o healthy judiciary.
thanks for the help!
We can only use your content to provide you the service. Nothing else. We are explicit about that.
Feel like I checked out of the world last week. But I promise to be more in touch starting now. Where would I be without my friends? :)
my sister babyshower was yesterday, she got lots and lots of stuff.....
hey hey Jen!!! Welcome to twitter!! <3
Wow! Love that idea and the pic.
The main purpose of life is to live rightly, think rightly, act rightly. The soul must languish when we give all our thought to the body
Well connected, fuck wit niggas well respected
Double Duds: The 10 Worst Duets Since &quot;Ebony and Ivory&quot; - Houston Press (blog)
Thats awesome!! Keep it up!
Padres went in 1992. The San Diego airport is on route 992.
It's the first time we've had 4 generations in the workforce
#FollowFriday Kick-ass bands & great people too! #ThankYou (via )
Watching the game with mad fun and funny.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ~ Winston Churchill
Suppa bowl. Altho can you still fqll it that if the steelers aren't in it....
It takes a REAL MAN to let go of his old ways & move forward. Immature boys detest making change 4 the better, maturity is irrelevant 2 them
Storm on way! Well it's really small but it'll do :)
were you able to get through to the support email? mine is being rejected by their servers....
Pizza Hut is offering stuffed crust with the crust stuffed with hot dogs. #doesntsoundgood How about stuffed with Ice cream? Deli meat?
Moving right along...May issues now at Dominos, 9th St. Deli, Library, Tandoor, Kim Moon, more. Hungry for lunch yet? I am.
bobos they cost a nickel and a dime...
Thanks Kathy!!! Wish you were here!
check out for the What Women Want retail event in
ok, revision: all of those gross states are the poor man's California.
I won't the heat to lose, only because he talked so much shit about LA last night
So funkin' true RT : Staying with someone who doesn't appreciate you isn't loyalty, its stupidity.
LETS SET A DATE
Reason enough to attend Conference in Kansas City: Policy Director 's health reform analysis.
for the extra credit do i watch the video to hlp answr the?'s
text me
mixed feelings for CJ return. I was a big fanof his as a ranger, and was ok with him leaving but not with words/actions since.
I think Frenchy is going to go down as the next Yaz.
We will be playing 3 pre season games tomorrow against UNC in Johnstown at Nelson Farm Fields. Games start at 11am
On my hard drive, where is the check at RT : where them beatz at???
Weird inside jokes :'D
TEMPLE RUN BITCH! !!!
Are you One Direction, cuz yu stole every piece of my heart ;)
going to the bathroom before 's Ustream so i dont miss anyhting
It's Rubie Tuesday! Until 9pm! That means two piercings for the price of one! This includes basic jewelry!
I know, I am full of excellent advice. Oh BTW, you owe me an update of life. Email me. xox
GIRLS NIGHT OUT WITH MY SMEXYS!!!
. Hope you guys liked the show. It will air seven more times on and on Saturday at 2:30pm!!!!
safe travels. It was great to see u for a short time
No time to loose trend #happybirthdayjboogz and call me maybe
Finally let the weekend begin 💚
Dale Thayer = Kenny Powers
Tweet me back at the end of June. LeBron is great...but Durant is better
Best shower ever.
it's ok...I mean once the clap gets you it's hard to break free...
Never let others decide for you. You have your own will. Choose your happiness and what you love. It's your life you'd live with not theirs.
There are some seriously ugly bitches out there.
After yesterday , he might as well change his name back to Ron Artest , lol
This is clear demarcation point for the close
Jean Mann just brought in her recycled glass lights! Gorgeous!
Holiday Party tip:Watch the beverages, especially alcohol, they have high calorie counts.Drink water and have a natural high.
could Red Sox/Brewers do a Youk/K-Rod swap?
I miss making love
How Did You Like Fliming With Kandi I Heard She Is A Good Actor
#Floetry on point!
Uh oh, performance anxiety. *grins*
With my love today need I say more?
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. Thomas A. Edison (1847 - 1931)
Who's not?! :) RT who's in austin this weekend??
I always used it as fuck the world... So when I played wow I just though there were a bunch of really pissed kids saying ftw lol
Where is the #Giants defense????
audio definition
oh some of them are quadratics. x^2+7x+12
thanks! Looking forward to working more with you as well. Happy to have familiar faces
PC running slow? Start off by getting our 15 point check diagnostics Today!
I think imma turn my damn phone before I get rude god know
I heard you like coffee.
Chris: Work at MHS, a much larger, more robust archives program; has been at MHS in 2002, focused more on public and academic librarianship
May have to leave the city for NFL season.
#15: Nice username & location :D tweet me more!
Stealing sandwiches you don't even like cause your names steven.
Saw an evangelist trying to proselytize to a group of deaf students
Weed > your life
Today concert UWS st.gregchurch playin big band arrg w/horns & choir... hats off to music dir for putting on this
dam it you screw everybody but me. I love that tree.
MT ": Lewis: Academic libs must deconstruct print collns, stop item-by-item selection". Also item by item deselection
I thought you were heading to the west coast? DM deets and I will send some recs for dc prowling.
it's what he said after leaving that they are pissed off at
Hey DC Metro, at this point you don't really have to go out of your way to tell me to expect delays.
I have the colts game recording at home! Excited to watch painter!
Special delivery! : #RooseveltIsland #postoffice 2 stay open. USPS made a list; glad they checked it twice & did the right thing
Tho charging an 18 ur old senior w/ a 17 ur old senior is crap. That's not a pedophile.
Say, my New Task Alerts are off by a day — they think the 15th is a Saturday, etc. Displays correctly elsewhere. FYI.
nothing better than a long weekend off with my man... too bad we're starting the weekend off with a funeral
Looking forward to the Arthritis Foundation's Jingle Bell run tomorrow with our client Findley Davies!
Suits for sure. More comfortable and more fun!
i really need Spo to get a play for Miller or Jones there though!
no problem and thank you.
Francisco-Revilla: "I'm not a lawyer" …but patent the tech. to recognize a gesture, not the gesture itself.
sometimes thats just how it is ://
Don't See Why They Have Him On ESPN This Man Seriously Don't Have a Reason He Don't Like Lebron!
Happy happy happy hour! Be happy the week is over & come celebrate with us!
I hope it gets out of hand. Maybe the obese Iowan takes it in the gut
RT : Awesome, hope you give us a try! p.s. #ManStyle hashtag is farking brilliant
Leaving for vegas in an hour.
Is it wrong for me to think that I'm the only #vo who has mc lust?
Listening to a pack of neighborhood kids scream "Ice Cream Man!" while The Entertainer plays in the background
I got you man I worked on three fire tracks today and got a bomb ass Willie Hutch sample Im doing now
To all NFL players, "Make sure you read the Small Print before signing off on this deal it's a 10 year contract", no changes allowed after.
Kola Hollywood is fake as all Hell. You will be fine. Don't let them get to you they couldn't go through what you have & LIVE :)
Taco Bell is delicious!!
Thomas I inroduced My friend to ICONic Boyz and she sayd you are her husband Dont you think its cute REPLY soI can tell her
Care Crisis: Thousands Of Foster Families Needed - Sky News
ugh man. I haven't seen a game since Thursday. I picked a great time for vacation. My 72-90 might be optimistic.
RT : Hm..I wanna watch HSM 2 with to get in the summery mood :)- Wat time is it? Summer time!! :)
you will never drop or lose your phone with an ikeep
came to visit me :)
Thanks, guys!
Gotta call this man when I get off about this shot
I <3 movies as much as I need to see if I can get screeners. That'd be awesome!
This #HiredHand calling himself a #Preacher said he don't care how much unrighteous acts R done by the #Righteous they remain righteous! Huh
I'm doing some major pouting.
haha definitely going to put it on now
Your followers thank you for the "only tweet what you've fully read" commitment.
: What are you playing?
Yeesh Tampa, you are a humid place.
Thanks Lisa for follow list!
Don't let defeat define you, define defeat as part of your journey to success! Expose.EMPOWER.Unleash.
Just flipping through the new catalog, showering under this stuff would put anyone in a great mood!
Date night with !
Dear Google, We use ur web browser, youtube, and ur search engine- I'm sorry but we're just not going to use ur social network - Everyone
Hooray for , & ! Congrats on getting through your #21slides in 5 minutes & getting us to think (& laugh).
Coming Soon Photos !
People feel comfortable around someone who is comfortable with himself.
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you.
Living in America and flying to another city in America to run a fucking marathon.
literally.... Everyday “: #EverydayIThinkAbout what it would be like to be taller. #shortgirlproblems”
Just put it on a GRID and everything will be fine!
Thirsty Thursday buy any 2 of our products and we'll send u 3rd FREE www.lasvegashcg.com
Yup. Forgot my wallet at the crib
If you have any questions visit www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
awesome show. Come back to Columbus soon. First drink is on me!
Thank you even though we have the same name but are last names are different
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Take Courage! Heroism and heartache as 3 veterans of the Battle of Au Pac recount that day.
we like to discuss partnership in the EDU coalition with other major EDU tools. Who can we mail about it?
Rocking out to party in the USA in study hall. #whatuppppp. 😘✌🎉
I really don't want to wake up.. Ever
...And three live with me...
i'm sure if he could grow it, he would.
Mark your calendar #NOLA - our next swap is coming your way on Saturday, December 18 at The Occasional Wife!
Hm, that depends on how you like movies and books that end differently. I liked both, but I liked the movie better.
hope she never knows you tweet while you're on a date = #girls don't like
LOL Only Father Terry would randomly start calling himself a certified member of the #GODSQAUD great mass today:)
How does it feel in my arms? Do you want it? Do you need it?...Tell me :D
- Hi Kelly. Mr. White here.... Saw your twitter...How about that Luke?
Can't wait for the nba season to start back up ...Celtics all the way!
Finished my theme for 's
15 more! C'mon, show some support for AB!
and i'm out
Siri is not helping me locate veggie soup right now.
Pierre found his new team to be in love with. The Caps.
ratchet ass bitch
about to join a gym soon trying to lose some weight before the summer gets here
Tommy Bahama Trunk Show on Saturday, June 5 from 10 am to 5 pm.
It's been a long, crazy and busy day! How is everyone?
Now when ever I play clarinet I get depressed. Mehhhh.
Sears Coupon promotional codes - What should I Buy With Them?
U seem to have some gender issues, friend? And I use the word hesitantly!
Thought last night was fun? Tonight we have UFC on TV and live music with The Shin Dig! Party time!
I haven't been excited to go to the movies in so long. Hope Cabin in the Woods makes me feel like a kid again.
bit the one that counts is happening now?? Cc:
the next time my mom is driving and you beep the horn 1 sec after the light turns green, i will turn the car off and feed birds for an hour.
Sorry! Im on the another side of phx. RT : Who in Scottsdale? Food delivery would be nice :)
My tummy hurts and it's making weird noises. Meh.
Happy New Year. Wishing everyone successful year!
THANK YOU! Cant wait to see you live at the Wiltern :D
that was a great dinner!
So yesterday I ran my first 5k.... It won't be my last. :-)
Official call to action: Someone write a simple chorale for 4 voices and human microphone.
#ImAStanBecause we stuck with him through thick and Kim, and we waited for him, we knew he'd be back with a vengeance;)
Wearing see-through yoga pants to school.... YOLO.
I'm pretty but I'm not beautiful I sin but I'm not the devil I'm good but I'm not an angel -Marilyn Monroe
Arguably the best avengers quote: "Clench up, Legolas"
Just advised to play in comments area of websites by UK media expert. Bad advice for US folks. No trainer will tell you that.
are you OK? someone attacked!? !
This Will Be The Worst You Ever Seen Me Look.
you guys already know this but you offer way more information then the main stream guys and I know Hoops :-)
well happy birthday then!
was at your concert tonight in Cincinnati, sorry it wasn't packed But for the people who showed you know they were real..
is really focusing on the hope and possibility of change and great things happening.
awh (: that's sweet!
I wonder who the Broncos are going after now....Trade Down or Stay.....
RT Walt #Disney ~I have discovered language has an anatomy. Every spoken word has its facial grimace, emphasizing the meaning
Hey, cool, I wrote an article about tea and wine and now I am being followed by vintote in Redondo Beach.
Spread the word! We are on Google Plus!
Suddenly hannah montana's hoedown throwdown is in my head.
Nice and clear F-bomb right there on NBC sports network.
Rock and Roll, my love...
TXx Me ASAP My love
Alan Liu about to take podium at centerNet meeting
ahhhhaha, I see what you did there ;) :P
I swear to god i will shoot that cocksucker and call it fucking research.
is wondering how I got the time to login and check My
pedal pedal pedal
That's very noble of you! How do you go about helping people reach their own goals? Is that part of your career?
RT : Thanks to everyone who listened to Live In San Francisco. We had an overwhelming response. Thanks!
Someone tell Tiana that no one cares that you're 21.
Global #smartphone data in Jan. was accessed 69.6% by Wi-Fi & 30.4% by cellular networks. I bet we'll seen #WiFI increase even more.
we should start a Hacksaw twitter campaign...!
Seattle picked him!!! I'm excited
I cant wait to get to a studio and record this new song!!
Thx for the follow. We're building community in support of schools here in #Lamorinda , CA.
Admission staff asks that they sing AuldLangSyne, too. MT ": Mention #RobertBurnsDay at Admission Desk & get free admission!"
I bet...miss y'all! I gotta tweet more....
Oh. nothing big? twitter must have been boring without my presence then. lol just kidding haha!
printed some chapters of the perks of being a wallflower so I can read them on my way to PA so I won't be so fucking bored.
going to record a quick toss for you... you can play it if you want. Will send link in a couple minutes to the mp3
Wondering how events in #Fukushima will affect Austin's debate about buying more #nuclear from the #NRG plant
Since the new digital tv I have an automatic signal (or corruption of signal) telling me MAX is approaching 7 min interval
Bad Decisions has awesome mixed drinks, Fleet St and Washington Ave. Pretty low key, good bar food, great bartenders
or "washed off first".
What purposeful event are you doing tomorrow? #Boston Walk for Hunger. Learn more about our community. #DoGood We need you. Pls RT!
on rims that ain't stolen!
Where is this Once Over place??I need to try it out....
That's so exciting. Where will you be?
i miss that one night me & Kayla sat in the bathroom for hours talking about our life & families.. i told her stuff nobody else knows💗
#toptech in large auditorium this year. Logistics are hard, but wish there were a way to make it a real conversation
#TESTS AND QUIZZES OF BOMBS
It's Tech Appreciation Week ! Through tornados, hot summer wx, winter our folks are the best! Thank your Tech today!
yea an a commute to Newtown Square. Up for most nights to chomp on some seitan tipZzzzz
You are completely wrong!!
RT : 300K American kids are at-risk of becoming #humantrafficking victims. Tweet awareness with:
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change. -Golnik Eric.
This weirdo I know has a "scrunch" face smile. It's fucking awful & she thinks she's cute which is even more horrifying.
The Bible declares that every Hidden thing shall be revealed. So, no need 2 investigate, TRUTH is about 2 present itself.
How are the arms boys? beasted upper body today
That was
Getting some work done for the upcoming tv series "World's Most Dangerous Race" have to get all the gear for shooting for July in Africa
Omg Jon Stewart is on a roll already. That Christie sub just did me in!
hey, ladies! Who can I reach out to discuss a marketing partnership between Birchbox & ? Thanks!
On track this whole time but now is the time to strategize. Choose wisely
I love watching white hipsters existentially grapple w liking a rap album. It's okay guys, nobody's going to revoke your pass or anything.
I told > < 2 hop out my mentions,now he tried to find his self tellin people to hop out his.!
I think the PC term is 'unichallenged'
