ew it's sunday
I'm totally obsessed with 1D!!
Every time a Disney star's name trending, I automatically think it's because she's pregnant. Then I'm really disappointed when she isn't.
Bitterness and resentment are like taking poison and expecting someone else to die.
My Internet Business also features professional ad copy written my top internet marketing copywriters to maximize conversions
Watching the Georgia game! Go bulldogs!
Justins Skype: J*B*94**x* - Justins Cell#: 551-***-**** want the rest? follow - im only picking 10 winners!! (HURRY!)'
Uh oh I hear thunder :/ but that means rain! :)
I'm doing Great!!! Very busy these days. how are you?
all my childhood memories take place at Peter Piper Pizza! And I met my bestfriend there! I <3 ! :)
All I know is that kitten looks really interested in the camera instead of looking scared and confused from the punching it took.
sure sophie, what kind of business do you do??
It's 74 out and a perfect day to BBQ while watching the Grammys red carpet
ah shit, would you like a new job as my media director.....it pays in lite beer by miller?
Damn! That nap was bomb af! & I didn't miss shit!
Merry Christmas Tweeps! Enjoy the Holiday and see you next weekend for Leg Warmer Night on Fri and NYE on Sat!!!
I want pizza
RT : It has been proven that vigorous masturbation can cause penile rupture.
shout out to Chris Walker from all the Kentucky ladies
you are welcome :) LOL the industrial bag o gummie bears. I know where to go when i need my gb fix.
Know the right moment.
I'm seriously waiting lol
I'm out of town all day tomorrow so i'll have to regrettably pass
Y'all. is where it is at. Buy a bottle - sit - drink in a communal setting without bar skeeze. In love.
gearing up for Field Recording premieres + composers 2 follow
The moment you realize you downloaded Wilson Phillips last week and still haven't listened to it yet.
#FF We're going on a world tour. Catch us if you can ;)
GET AUSTIN VERIFIED
If you feelin like a pimp gone brush your shoulders off
"To get something you've never had, you gotta do something you've never done"
RT : At St.John's right now at accepted students day. It is live on this campus right now, getting hyped!
dont man sorry - i think you can buy them maybe online at ea?
you know how to rock the front braids.
IM out yall Muchie is sleepy RT for a GoodMorinq Tweet , && go Follow Mwahh Love yal keep ya head and swagg UP
love the bloopers section in the student project! Embrace "failure" as a positive way to learn! Well done!!!
i made my little sister sing gmyh to my fam :)
Who do I need to commission to get an arsenal of Nerf guns???
Lately... I haven't had any drama.... #iwonderwhy!
Oh, that sounds like a good one!
Good morning #Indy I see #sunshine, what a great start to the morning!
Really need a new set of friends....
#ideas2action randy bass: high impact practices-mostly in the co-curriculum.
Congrats. I'm not even half way there yet LOL.
Plan #2...Mall sounds good I guess.
Announcing a Wolf Camera Coupon for 20% Off Scrapbooking Materials
yu got like a crew or sum???
sometimes, I want replay for baseball.
new dating hot spot!
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions.
Drives me crazy that never have it together when it comes to events/promos.. 2 dates listed as the Autograph day in July
: "What did you all think of Avengers?" // w/ $200+ million & highest opening wknd of all time, I think it speaks for itself!
= Queen of the Whores
I would be first in line for this museum of yours!
Ari's Having Another Live Chat This Weekend!
not really. I kind of see cont Ed time and training as work. I am a better pastor when I rest and recreate.
Put in some work this weekend. coming for in that high jump
we all need to get Starbucks together soon! I can pay you then :)
hahahaha oh please don't!
Thanks for the birthday wishes, all who have cared to post such. :)
Lunch Special! Virginia Baked Ham & Cheddar Sub, Fries, Coleslaw, and Drink...$7.
im back. did u guys miss me? (:
I've never met a $1 taco I didn't like. :)
I'll need to check them out!
Super high energy in your paintings... I love them!
what's big surf?
I think I'm....addicted to tumblr.
There is nothing frivolous about what you want and desire.
slash all the Disney characters lol
Only Peggy Olson is worse than Paris!!
“: Getting out of bed at the moment! :-)” Woohoo! 
I want to be the Preezy of the United Steezy
what picture?
#TedCruz to #LPR2011 - #Obama does not understand that the #US has been the #hope and #change of the world.
I hope Clay Matthews rips off Jay Cutler's head and shits down his neck....GO PACK GO!!!!!
To All My New Followers, If You Want A Follow Back Just RT This And I Will Follow You ASAP :)
Mother's Day crawfish boil this Sunday.
Jace Hall -- DVDs were additive. Web is erosive. Tim Street - as TV to radio, web to TV
Told her since she missed her bus I'm going to sprinkle coke on the top of my dick and shove it up her ass.. The coke will numb it girl
Ugh you jack ass!
ok nice word dude
looks delicious!! Dan is the best.
RT Emile Heskey (9 goals) only 235 goals away from being Aston Villa's all-time goal scorer. Only 34 years old. Frightening.
I would totally love this weather if i didnt have to go to a damn meeting.
is Bass available for coaching some hitting on his days off?
how strange it will be to commute to LC for a week next week
Beavis and butthead do America never gets old.
yeah the way you did it is totally cool. provided your committee didn't make you work or justify yourself harder
I follow you now. Nice shoes! =:-)
just in time! I missed hwe though:/
Aw crap, now it's not a secret.
Thank you lady for the #FF mention!
So bored!
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone
Dear Natalie, I shall resend. Signed, my beard
The feeling is mutual!
Okay,I'm done...Re-sign Eric Tangradi for 1(or 2 years)..2-way the first year(1-way the last year)..Like they did with Dustin Jeffrey
MTV Movie Awards nominations heavy on &#39;Bridesmaids&#39; and &#39;Hunger Games&#39;
Coming up at 10 on two great stories on high school athletes who have worked extra hard to get where they are, but 2 very dif ways
Christopher Lambert is being very naughty. You should challenge him with a sword fight
Hashem I wish one of the was here in #Hillcrest right now - I'm STARVING!
Is that Kinnear/Cyrus movie based on a Nicholas Sparks novel?
< when someone calls u beautiful , but actually means it
Much love to you always Sis ! 💗💚
that's what happens when the post is beyond awesome and helpful :)
Anyone actually pay for Spotify premium?
Brrrrrrrrrrr! Get in here for some of that renown Fuji warmth!
So excited to go to #linklove this weekend! Boston here I come!!!
he is the boy with a amazing voice. he has come so far since "ShootUsDown" Proud Of Austin <3 we love you so much :)
Almost to Chicago for the show tonight!
If you find it, let me know!
I just finished my final paper!
I'm VERY impressed with the reports of your enthusiastic support of the Vietnam war early on. THAT is vision.
don't get it twisted...some team always have a big league then all of a sudden the team comes back and win it all
You & the boys will be one hour away from me next week & I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful! )': 1
hush with that non-sense.
where are you?!
Whatevs! I'll always have a soft spot in my heart for Eric hinske... Meltdownskee
Bebe Winnans did a beautiful song dedicated 2 Whitney Houston
Thanks to Top Hat for the M & M's.
Proud to be a Warhawk! D3 hoops champs.
Thank you! Wish you were here, too! The ladies are truly inspiring!
yo that actualy might work out . . . Ima link you up later for the details
awe :( I'll pray for her
RT : No2 played well today, 7 under and leading the field at the chevron, not far from his best going to take some beating.
I'm craving something but idk what
rescue and then no accountability?
Ha! Us neither. RT <------ will NOT be running a marathon
In Class Watching A Movie
Still no water. Dept says it will be going up this afternoon. Hope so.
RT:“: Up early @ WBAY & WLUK studios in Green Bay lying abt the BILLION DOLLAR SAVINGS 4 taxpayers in Wisconsin!”
Congrats to all the amazing designers showing today in Space 57! 2 shows down and 1 more to go! #Bravo #Onward&Upward
thanks for coming :)
Brady & Belichick set record for QB-coach wins Of course this pair could easily run off another 30+... tough to beat!
God I'm procrastinating. RT : "You know what this classical music could use? Leaping!" – Inventor of ballet
I wanna follow u
Thurs. morning, ye of little Noam-related patience.
seems 2 be on my mind at this late hour I miss my white cover n little seems like I see all I'm missing now that I'm away
Congrats! Well deserved, should be a long stay at the top
i never said i loved you
Lol imma laugh it off cause u hoes ain't worth it!
I'm going to write up a storm tonight.
Follow me please?! ♥ Please?♥
what flavor did your get? I'm addicted to the double chocolate one! 😍
Good to see you all. I am tryi g to get in the swing of the tweets with you all
Thanks for the memories Kerry Wood best of luck
?If someone wants to be a part of your life they�ll make an effort to be in it
Aw, thanks!
<Insert Awesome Sentance about being AWESOME>
When people ask me to follow random accounts <<<
Nope chillin in tonight I have work in the morning haha so I will save the partying till tomorrow haha.
#20ThingsAboutMe ive been through a lot these past couple of months.
m gravy
Believe, achieve, succeed.
Margaritas and shooting some pool!!
Shrimp steak liquor 'N pasta, real shit, all these other nigga's impostors
Four more hours as a
I have coffee and a long to-do list. Let's hope the former assists with the latter.
Ugh! Delayed at Midway Get me home to NY!!
Instead of feeling inferior because someone else can do something you
I can't believe it's not even noon yet!
if this Smile Train charity wants to get money out of me, they have to get some better looking kids for their campaign
last time, i thought it was closed. but then we got an open invite via email 12 hours before it happened
Sand I'll have my toes in the sand in 12 days!! Florida
Nine & a half hours of sleep and I'm ready to tackle this week. Sure to be stressful.
Thanks Earl. Glad we connected on twitter.
Always $trive And Prosper.
how long you been in there?
Mr.Sutton, we have A list talent here. Just making sure email did not end up in spam. Did you recieve?
Your book is an essential resource for a mobile interpretive project I'm developing. Keep me posted on any further research!
Ahmed Shawki talking about Black Liberation & Socialism: End the New Jim Crow at MATC.
": Niall and Ali ? she is only a friend but they look cute together don't hate she is Only a FRIEND!"
thank you! I have even taught it to year 11 i took my name off the bottom tho x
I wanna give him & ONLY him my all
What did you think of last nights new episode of iCarly? ;D
"Through all the hard times in my life those nights kept me alive."
Happy 26th Birthday to my brother Chris, I love him so much :-)
hahahah that was what Jholl was doing too!!
"we share a lot of a brain"
Want to make sure my peoples is takin care of, but if they no longer in the vicinity, there's not much you can do.
Oh Thursday I have one thing to say to you,.. Hurry up into Friday!
I FUCKS WIT
“: It's official, the house in Chevy Chase is ours!” Congrats!
RT : For all of your night runners or walkers, please wear glow belts
I'm going to be walking home. :o er....running.
I seriously need a sequel to Say Anything, before I die *ding*
Some She-Hulk gossip for Avengers 2. Would love to see her appear but at the cost of no returning Banner. It could happen.
Neither "writer" nor "editor" appears, it looks like
I am glad you are feeling better.
follow me please i'm new to twitter and you are my inspiration
George Carlin on God and country
Just came home from school and just taking a little break then gotta get to the back grass and homework as usual
It's like 5000 watt night light
Is everyone's night filled with enough cheese?
Happy to help!
I always get lost every time I go there!
Is there really such a thing as a waste of calories??
Four in a row birds for TW.
:) sorry for the delay. My phones not the greatest LOL.
It is the part of a good shepherd to shear his flock, not to skin it. - Proverb
jealous....I have no breeze,
I just slept for 9 hours. I'm so happy I could cry.
Life's biggest lesson: Adults are just older children.
A2 Rapidly expanding channels, reductions in budgets & dept downsizing. Q2 Why does the treadmill prevail?
Gay marriage, or straight marriage… who gives a fuck; just be happy. I adore women & I always will, but live & let live.
yes. hell is also waiting for a doctor's appointment with KDWB on.
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel. - Jim Morrison
ima call CPS on u miss "shut up for I drop kick u n ur throat"! Who say that to a toddler?
#20factsaboutme 5. My natural hair color is blonde.
She right tho. Love is love is love.. no matter how fucked up the box that it comes in is..
Hi, thanks for asking. It is honestly going slower than I anticipated. So many things to learn. Mountain tea was interesting.
or not.
I was wondering the same— now it say bshwck. if ur at 's ol place tho, that's east WB I think.
RT : RT Today is National Bike to Work Day!<<--We might wilt on our bikes here in Phx. High today: 104.
where u was at then? huh Storie?
Tonight the Empire State Bdg will glow in pink/white to pay tribute to Evelyn Lauder, an inspiration and pioneer for breast cancer research.
im hungry so who coming to bring me sumin to eat
I just found out yesterday through myself. I like yours! ;-)
i'm not bored, i'm just not having fun. -__-
I hope that Boof guy realizes that is the risk one takes when purchasing a ticket. The #Reds can't control the weather.
(cont) and she LOVES you. She has done so much for me and the only way I can think of getting even close to repaying(cont)
Hard Skin playing this is hardcore?!? too funny. there better be some other shows being planned cc:
Oh. THAT kind of "escort"
I'm sure they will. He's a cool dude.. If you meet em tell em I said hi!
Don't tell my supervisor but my new secret goal is visiting archivist-in-residence at Girard College (along w/ EL of course!)
"I hate the way I'm falling for you."
I don't know about you, but I'm kinda yearning for Rob Lowe & sexy Snow White right about now.
I actually don't know. I just saw a commercial for it. And then I tweeted substituting Jake Arrieta's name. I'm ... I'm sorry.
I'm betting on a clean sheet tonight!!! Prove to the you are the best keeper in the league!!! We already know you are!!!
He want that cake (;
What's a chateau's favorite breakfast food?
Hello there! The school year is winding down for us as well.
Can you follow me? So I can DM you? Lol
Numbers lie on a fairly regular basis. Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics.
You know it Elana! Hell yes he'll do the same thing.
"customary" and "reasonable" is going to be set by the AMCs, I hope they can squash that!
I found $24.03 a two dollar bill and a chuck e cheese token in my piggy bank(:
that's super dope
<sqirffle> (the sound made when you laugh so hard while drinking milk that the milk shoots out of your eye)
2 survive the dimension is 4
Costume Contest! 10/30 all day get 10% off in costume. Come n swirl a spooky treat with us. RT this to get qualified for an exclusive prize!
You can't pray a lie. Mark Twain
It's fine, I wake up Claire, when I have bad dreams. & yes please(:
better wear some torso armor to that 5/5 show so I don't break your ribs with a bear hug again.
How do they make an egg flavored bagel cause eggs are already in the ingredients of bagels??
I just downloaded my music to my birthday iPod...taking all music off my iPhone...
Double duh.
Time to study
RT Starbucks or Thai tea? Decisions decisions.😁 / Thai Tea :)
You know you live in the Southwest when you get excited when the weatherman announces a cooling trend: temps will drop to 100! Woo!
Go follow the very cute and Talented
Finally getting ready for today... Still a bit psyched by that nightmare I had.
2 whole days with out something sweet to eat. I'm addicted to sugar and it has to end!
# looking for a job
:) RT : And , I'm proud if you man. Thanks for all those rides way back when. LOL! Congratulations Aaron!
depends on how much you like to enjoy yourself.
the tunes sound real good!!
Make it a party! We offer spa parties for birthdays, wedding showers, or just a No-Occasion Girls’ Day :-)
I'm liking this NFL Network opening for the draft
good FNX song choice!
BLUEY ROBINSON! Don't forget that name. He will make music history
Life aint always beautiful, but it's a beautiful ride! ~Gary Allan
it so damn cold in chicago nd all thier shit to expensive than ours.
#thingsidowhenimdrunk ....i call everybody, and when i call u know its only cause i think ur a pretty rad person, and its only cuz i luv ya!
Congrats to you on your #Bernays wins from !
": 1st thing I did when I got home from travelling? Voted 2x for SAG-AFTRA merger!
Hi Julia, I'd like to get in touch with you about a reporting grant. Could you DM or email () me? -Melody W.
Love like you have never been hurt & dance like no one is watching
i should've stuck to fangirling 24/7 boys are to much drama .
but see on the total lack of principled justification for ECL. People are paying out of dogma, not reasoned policy.
needs to learn how to pronounce "haute" before going on national tv.
getting used to this. pretty cool actually!
What a surprise ;).
Finally getting Internet at work!!!!
Second time this game #Sixers have been burned on a back door cut by Allen for an easy lay in.
no time for Fan Stuff!
she said Liv loves you and you love Liv. Then I smacked her really hard!!!
Excited that Parks & Rec is back on tonight. Total fave!!
Whoa. Colonel Sanders was from Indiana? But it's Kentucky Fried Chicken. Oh well. I'm from Indiana too. We're cool. I want KFC now...
I can't afford it either, but I figured when I was paying WW, it was $40 a month. Paying to workout makes sense now.
I swear to god if I get one more message from a hacker I'm gonna hire an assassin and he kill you
Dam U beavers to hell.
I miss you my love..
actually, govnt has been proving free contraception for years. Ask any RPH. Religious inst. Have 1st amend right not to.
So this is how Bears fans feel every week...no wonder they are always so angry...#packers Super Bowl champs or bust from here on out
Total dusche! No ethics
531k going into day5. Wasn't ideal / made some mistakes but I'll take it
Isaiah Williams cant complete the slant, so the #Cardinal will have 3rd and goal coming up.
NTN, UFC, Live Trivia, Bingo, Poker, Karaoke, Sports Packages and fast, free Wi-Fi keep you entertained.
Babe Ruth struck out 1330 times, but he also hit 714 home runs.
Happy one year Anniversay Purple Door!
We should get jerseys cause we make a good team.
What is your favorite type of pasta sauce??? Red & meaty, white & creamy or other?
Tito Ortiz: The Pathos of a UFC Bad Boy
RT I get home thursday :( miss you sis
So much better than the club...
You're a Floridian...man up!!!
To many people in SD. He was much more than just a pro football player in this town.
Race week in Richmond.. Thur weather to be wet, 60's for the big race
yes it is...you too..
Very, very strange feeling today. Not sure what that means but gut says it's the calm before the storm.
#BrunoMars who are Ray Charles and Led Zeppelin?
WHERE DID THEY EVEN GET THAT FROM
this is so true, let's be real would be thrilled
Good posture is a matter of the mind. In your thinking, you must convince yourself you will think tall, talk tall, stand tall & walk tall.
thanx for the tip!!!!
Shorts in Cleveland in January and the birds are chirping? I think the birds are watching the Weather Channel to see which way to go.
Watchng is priceless! Only downside is realizng how long I have to actually wait 4 the NFL season...
If you reading this tweet god has gave you and me another chance at life have a blessed and productive day! GOOD MORNING!!
thanks for following us! we hope you are excited about the release of our first line!
I don't blame NBC for moving "Community" to Fridays. No one watches it so blame America. Let's just be happy there will be a 4th season.
Portland be on the lookout for a middle-aged woman with wiry hair, slightly bulging eyeballs, shallow breathing and twitchy appendages.
Lets Go Sox! Put this game away already!
lucky! Where'd you score Yuenglings?
It was no reason for D Rose to be in the game...less than 2 mins in the 4th, up by damn near 20...smh, he shoulda been chilling anyway...😒
We won't run out of oil in our lifetimes but the negative impacts Now are giant and we need to act now for future generations
How does Al Harrington still have a job?
I know. I love you
how in the world are you doing my brother
Johnny's Mambo!!
We're open and our $5 pizza deal is still going strong! $5 for any medium one topping when you order more than one from
Finally falling asleep<3
y'all enjoying some dreariness there in ATL as well?
Hilarious because I feel exactly the same. LOL!
Time for lunch at Tokyo Joes.
#WordsINeverWantToHear "im sorry" in a relationship -_- then you shouldnt have done it. -_-
yikes this week went by quickly! I didn't forget you though. Is there a day that works best for you next week? I'm pretty open...
yes! Follow #wblive for a flavor of our work this week
and we r really gonna to love u! RT : 19 & L really LOVES cupcakes! ;-) RT: We are mapping out our routes today!
SAT test dates: If you are taking the October 1, 2011 SAT test, make sure you are registered by September 9, 2011
follow back? n_n
How many more tragedies must American Service Members & Afghan civilians suffer? Issues at home deserve our attention. - JDG
it's worth following to the letter just to see how accurate their predictions are. They give you little goals along the way.
I LOVE nachos, like no joke.
Don't be such a Lloyd 笑
Duckin has the best bank shot in the league .
Procrastination can be your worst enemy
I hate traffic
Thanks for the finals week visits! They provide fun breaks for the students who
Need to stop looking at all the Food Porn on while flying & hungry! Fruit & cheese plate on didn't cut it today!
Hearing pop songs from the likes of , , and on 's NYE morning program made me chuckle. Props to the DJ :D
Thank you very much, beautiful lady. : )
come to the U.S. Babe Im in the nations Capital RT Hi babe, I need you !!!
This was my first year participating, and I will never be the same. Thank you for all you do for !
Im tired of playing helpless little girl, sick of a broken heart. Gonna do it like the boys, lead em on & ditch em
in Santa Monica at a bar chilling
No school for mee!
MAKE IT HAPPEN. Period. :)
- sure. Only thing I have scheduled is an 11am meeting. Stop on over whenever.
every time I get on your website, certain lines of text keep reproducing themselves. why?
RT - I have to recognize that New England Patriots has a devastating attack!... but Buffalo...
So my friend totally has a crush on me a, she's been flirting with me a lot lately and she just asked me for a kiss on the cheek
Great to see you! ": Great to see here at #Mirren. You guys rock!"
someone sent me a link I tried to open it and it sent the same spam link to all the people I follow. It's still sending links
Thanks for the support!
Getting my NYE on The news never sleeps party people!
I love rainy days :)
I feel like i'm suffocating there is so much pressure sometimes i cant take it :( help!!!
But no dialing, right? RT : legal -- if not holding phone
JDOT PR GENIUS, GETTING IT OUT THERE, ROCKING MALACHI RIVERS 1ST OFFICIAL DEBUT SINGLE "LOVE & MUSIC" IT'S REALLY HOT! CHECK IT OUT !
you have no sense of direction 😒
hope ma sister hurry and come outsidr
Hey Chris, how do you feel about Hank Williams being fired by ESPN while Craig James is still at large?
Should we be thinking about aftershocks? When do those happen?
oh so I was right! You are a man whore! :) great to know. Cause you got a girlfriend in like a day? Cool.
Thanks for following!
Oh okay thank you I never understood it.
that's awesome
So excited to spend my Valentines day with :) 😍 love you 😘
IT'S about to go DOWN!!!! Tonight I'm in the video mix the fight will be on and the game will be 2 on the MIC!!!
Lol I 1 seat away from :p
See, I'd quibble over the "mode" part. I'd say that a piece of furniture can communicate, but not be a mode of communication
#HP7. Sheesh. It's all done.
"I may be dumb, but I'm not a dweeb/I'm just a sucker with no self esteem..."
"Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it." -- Stan Smith, Tennis Champion
morning twitter!!!!
Richard Cecil~ We ought not to judge of mens merits by their qualifications but by the use they make of them.
Ever wonder how much time you would save if you could plan all your parking ahead of time?
Haha nice same neighborhood as me. Let me know when you move.
omg congrats on ur soon to come baby girl!!! mommys
Thank You!! Even though i'm not from there it's a lot of fun celebrating with my friends who are. Same to you!!
#vaumc11 Honored and humbled to serve as a reserve delegate to Jurisdictional Conference.
The HECKLES are in full force today...x's 3!! & his little ones in AZ...I'm hoping to hear him while watching the game on TV!
It's gonna be a very good game
first weekend freshmen year.
*RT for a GM mention
Curse of the Late Evening Hours Dentist? We are open late on Weekdays open through 7pm on Tuesdays to accommodate the busy professional.
Packing up and getting ready for tomorrow!
Love Kid Rock!
The can help build a culture of ethical ICT leadership, innovation, and use in local and global communities
Who else is freaked by the Newsweek story re: Princess Di at 50? Complete with creepy pics. Reminder why I don't usually read this mag.
Such a long last few days touring folks up and down the river. I haven't crashed yet though ... out to celebrate Friday!
I feel that...I have no choice but to be here so I'm just wearing my red in confidence that it will be vacated
John #Davidoff says: "For #MissionDrivenMarketing, orient towards principle-based operations, e.g., integrity, excellence."
Singing loud in the shower to 11:11! <3 , I love this song! Can't wait for Say Somethin'(: #pumped!
Why is ticketmaster saying JUST ANNOUNCED: One direction at Wells Fargo Centre. Isn't that in PA?
Greek Orthodox Easter-April 15. perhaps that is it.
I'm gonna need you to tell me if you have anything to do with the quacking cat.
Really glad is so wisely pulling many threads together from earlier conversation
RT #FactsAboutMe I want the world to hear my music, but I dont want to become famous...
Anyone else think The song, "Sexy and I know it: was written about swimmers?
basketball is my sport forreal
Just finished up reading #decisionpoints by GWBush...pretty good read I must say even if I don't agree with some of his decisions
not gonna risk leaving my window open tonight!⚡☁😁
right on. Charlie Sheen
good find. Hopefully its a real building block towards increasing Chinese interest in LatAm equities.
Good for Israel! Stop throwing Rockets and they wont have to go in there. Keep shelling them baby!
Free ride on the #36 bus this morning? Signs of a good day perhaps? Thanks #cta <<< I just said something nice about the cta. #weird lol
Raped by drag queens.
And gas to get there!!!
RT : Ron Artest would have "incidentally" kicked Collison in the face
Getting ready to push a new version of my software instrument out to my great beta testers...
Dope shoes. So comfy. You'll want to wear them all the time. What color?
COME TO CHICAGO!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 357
10 years younger. Or at least 2. You may need ID to order your next pint.
lol just "a nail u hammered" bre keep her pimp hand strong?
I'd go looting if I didn't have to carry the booty & my booty away on skis....lmao
Another week of this cough and I'm gonna have abs of steel.
Yes, yes they do. :)
Not me. It sounds very curious. Where can we check it out afterward?
Please follow these SJC employees who are active on twitter -
We need to help at-risk Chicago youth hit the ground running!
Yay! Pleased to announce I just got appointed to the Library Faculty Council for :D
FOLLOW ME<3
Am I the only one still traumatized by Holo- TuPac?
Why can't I stop eating cookies??
Day is going great! Thanks for asking! Hope yours is good as well!
Fat bitches w whistles.... LMAO!
this mixtape panel was SO problematic. I want to talk with you about it sometime
I like this idea a LOT!! :)
please follow me(: i love you guys<3 xx
If u like dogs, see John Carter. If u like cheesy love stories, see John Carter. If u love kick ass vfx, see John Carter. Just go see JC!
How am I the most sober person right now?
5 more to go until we reach 200 fans ~ woo hoo!
By the way it's my birthday, but the people that are following me already know that.
yes there will be a fake rapture but I believe there wil also be a real rapture. Do you agree?
yep u off.
3 more Legends for Cougar Legends Weekend, , Craig Ehlo and Rueben Mayes. Spots still available!
ugh I know
Neosporin? Netflix? Yeah, I'm thug, whatevs.
Board Finna go to sleep
Hurray, thank you! I assume I can buy a 10-pass at the Fauntleroy toll booth, right? Oh the ways of the ferries I must learn.
Very inspirational presentation from Principal Kafele today. Climate and Culture.
Quinn's. In the hotel.
is anticipating the right time to get into the stock market
spaghetti-os = yum
boom nice ship it, Rhianna is so legit
RT : Rehearsing several new Qts for our #SONiC show Oct. 16 at Miller Theater! It is gonna be a great show!!!
Grading. Still.
Now im gonna have an attitude for the rest of the day!...ughh
going to curl up with The Magician from via this morning
i need one REALLY bad! come to houston and we'll go! haha
For the moment, there is no access to old Jacket magazine contents (issues 1-40). We are working on the problem w/ the old domain. Sorry!
I think that was the main thing that they were trying to sell. that is was easy to collaborate everywhere.
If anyone could tell me how USA gov spends money (tax dollars) to benefit me Id love to hear it.
Tibs with a great call out of TO...
Take my strong hand! Lmaoo
That awkward moment when you see someone coming your way after you've just farted.
how do you receive messages? What are you referring to?
dusting off granny's clubs to hit wiffle balls around the yard. thanks for the inspiration
Yikes! I've had this! WORST CHICKEN SALAD: T.G.I. Friday's Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad = 1,360 calories! The Nation's Worst Salad
happy birthday! Hope it's as great as you are!
i promise you that,just tell me what you want
A modern equivalent to one's house burning down, losing keepsakes and photo albums
MERRY CHRISTMAS IN JULY!!! I know it's hot, looking at Christmas decorations will cool your spirits & prices are cool too. 9 am - 6 pm
Please stop by soon!
seriously, I got to see him twice last year
I guess that's true.
5-$10 Locks for only $15! From now until 8pm est! Email
CANNES FILM FESTIVAL ...
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
fair enough. :)
my game thicck like pinnky ass thou !
i just followed for you :)
It's a beautiful sunrise here in Florida. Inspirational. Uplifting. Optimistic. Now I want a croissant with cold cuts.
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professionals. Become my colleague
If by mobile computing they meant sitting on my couch instead of hauling my lazy ass into my office, let me just say: Success!
#20ThingsAboutMe 17.) I'm really insecure.
yeah weather, wtf
Big bowl of raisins steeping in bourbon. Breakfast of champions or ingredient in my holiday bread pudding...?
There is always someone who cares.
thanks for the follow.
thank you God for that which you have brought into my life and for that which you have so gladly taken away. AMEN...
possibly going next weekend but not sure...I haven't gotten tix
no doubt... keep on
Just burnt myself with boiling water -_- it hirts so bad
Yes i would! haha go have fun on ur run i'm gonna go enjoy mine as well! i'm taking mace with me now just incase #StayAway lol
You guys are tremendously talented! Enjoy! Keep the fun there, superb.
I partied too hard this weekend. I really need to sleep but sad I can't.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
Lexmark Mobile Printing (for iPhone)
ANOTHER DAY // MERGING // GRANDEUR GOALS // AND TAKING A STAND *good morning*
RT At least the #heat didn't get blown out like the
so good, and even better leftovers!
Not feeling Michele Williams LV gown!! And the world is coming to an end..
As you bring your consciousness into an experience and take a breath, your experiences begin to expand, change, or deepen.
Im bouta start calln an hour b4 i get cuz this shit ridiculous
one word for you: otimo!
What do u want from life
Don't you go Rush Limbaugh on me!
Lions are coming on strong. Down only 30-24 to the Cowboys.
This new twitter is much better :]
I always try to catch mistakes in tv shows or movies, like when you can see the reflection of the camera or something :)
My next tweet is my 20,000th tweet. So it has to be special.
if the Rox trade Rogers what would they want in return?
lol i feel like alot of people think imma loser now from my personality.. :/
damn u sexy, u gotta man?
hm Palatine?
Weekend plans?Join Mischa Machez this Sat eve for live music & Urban Drawl on eco-alley Garden Fest on Sun
Thanks for the follow=)
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone. – Thomas Carlyle
Good Shabbos to all of you
RDJ in a white tie.
sweet. Hit you when in town
One of last people to see Coronado woman alive says she was "subdued" and quiet on Tuesday, the day before her body was found
ima go now bye
send me a beat or sum... RT
All great places to go!
no it's Amy's
RIP Adam Yauch
my friend is skyping you for me(: I miss you
I might be the worst student to ever exist. Have I mentioned I'm planning on being a teacher?
Finals are here! What are your studying secrets? The legal ones ;)
Nah, you dont need to! Art Bar is perfect, get some cider and have a good time! :)
Thanks for making the first annual L.A. Zine Fest happen, Los Angeles! Grab some dinner and come on back for the after party!
She's my world <3
How about o'psychopath?
"I love drinking first thing in the morning" - My sister. Followed by "are you quoting me on Twitter?"
yes sir
rock on brad!!
the squad was on point in that pic...JusSayin! going out on a limb but Im guessing these 2 were w/u
Monitor news about your competitors. Visit their websites weekly, read trade journals and newspapers, and set up Google alerts for their...
I'm glad that i'm studying abroad from my native VA - The sane political discourse here in France is practically blowing my mind.
Hey Dunkin Donuts fyi if you're not going to toast my bagel let me know before I drive away. Thanks.
This is really cute tehe :)
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion. George Bernard Shaw
less than 24 hours!
- I'm so glad you guys exist. This is opening my eyes to graduate schools I'm actually interested in going to :)
Didn't communists also want endless wars to advance their agenda? Or is it okay when commies wage wars, just not America?
Haters are my motivators. Thanks for the inspiration ;)
Life isn't about waiting for a storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Gandhi
yea, kisscam gets me way too much. RT : Saw you on the jumbotron!
Smiling doesn't necessarily means I'm happy. Sometimes, it just means that I'm strong enough to face problems. ♥
Check out the menu for the Dogfish Head beer dinner on our website, www.rosemarysrestaurant.com. Pretty delicious!
Listening to a man dig his hole deeper and deeper as he asks women next to me at coffee shop if one is the other's mother. She's not.
since school ended I have no clue what day it is.
hey Alex :)
RT : Chairman Rockefeller industry self regulation insufficient to protect online privacy at Commerce Cmte hearing today. Way...
The cat just meowed twice and I said, I know. Right?
Don't forget! Last day to redeem your $5 "Earth Week" game cards.
Great coffee meeting today w/ some Madison tech people including and
Hahaha random tweet day obviously
More than 4/day... # of children who die every day in the US from child abuse and neglect. Join churches & pray on Blue Sunday...
1st day home alone w/ Owen. So far, so good.
Just sat through my first graduation #long #proudofmyseniors roll on the next one :-/
tx for writing the book. Sad I have to take it back to the library
Strange. If I ask a mag to send a copy to someone I photographed for them they always oblige. And so they should.
In love with 's music. <3
#WOOHOO I screamed when Mario said the Boyz were gonna be on...But it isn't complete without Vinny is it?
Good morning tweets! Today is going to be a good day.
Michael Hagen - the former Comcast employee convicted of nearly killing a check-cashing clerk during a robbery - died in prison today
Scallop BLT: Grilled scallops, bacon, lettuce and tomato with garlic aioli! Yumm!
thanks Laura :( love and miss you babe
- Wayne, when are you and Dave Chappelle gonna do something together again. Y'all are hysterical
The last goodbye always sucks #goodbye:(
"Do your people want to listen to you, or do they have to listen to you?"
hey girl was guuud, text me
Gibs is digging in, #readyforwar I say its an idealogical war you can't win. I poke around tho
google crazy browser. Its a real thing.
Hopefully we will make it to Florida sometime in the near future! Thanks for the support!
I Maybe Performing In A Martin Luther King Production N Feburary.....Super Excited!!!
66% of Americans celebrated Halloween yesterday, but only 37% are expected to vote tomorrow.
sure, Ill be back from Oaxaca on the 26th. We can grab lunch.
A lot of people don't. But its so f'ed up that ATL helped them get signed and they're talking shit.
Think of all the MS Paint possibilities!
Saturday morning cartoons
yes Newt is brilliant
Lol and for all of u dying to knw..yeah its one of those..damn he so fine I just wanna put my booty on him moments lmao!!
Best idea all day & night, Brownies & Cookie Dough Icecream ;)
I lost $250 bucks last night but these $4 jacks,$3 vodka wells,$8 pitchers of bud lights I won't have to worry about breaking my wallet
imm so bored
NYE Celebration @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar.Wine+Beer+Sparkling.Specials all night - Happy New Year 2012 !
invite me! :) #google+
So if won't give me a shoutout will you!! haha
mane, you know that's up fam! Lol
rando combo. Think I'll go buy a pc and soy sauce.
lol I beg you to reconsider. My church hugs have special powers!
Lol apparently I'm in an advance yoga class<3
agreed. Cap & Hulk were better than their stand alone movies
Thank you to our new followers, , , , and ! Glad to connect with you all!
the new iphone is goin have siri lie becuz wen askd wats the best smart phone? it would answer lumia 900, now it goin to answer iphone
The first appointment is always like a dance but in the end nothing but standing O's.
Game of Thrones! Game of Thrones! Game of Thrones!
Little girl got her hair cut especially for storytime, but there is no storytime today. She's totally adorable though.
Counterproductive to getting this paper done = Just spent 10 min imagining myself one day as prof & comm. dept.
Enjoyed your post about entertaining and shared it with friends on Facebook. Nice to be on the Blogathon again this year.
thank you! :)
Is that like me making a motion to 'win Mega Millions?'.... No chance in hell.
you really calling into question the 'class' of people who rip other people after your article today? Gotta take to give
Headed back to Atlanta this weekend long drive from Vegas grizzly grind
now to do this stupid project. written assignment in gym class <<<<<<<
Opening day til 12. Then watermens festival @ eastern yacht club til 6ish. Then to route to see everybody. Have a great day. See everybody
come visit! You are limited to one sports game when you're here. I won't be able to stand more than that.
he opposed it before he supported it.....sound familiar???
Considering the daunting tasks in the years ahead; I have NEVER been so at peace and grateful for the people that touched my life.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it. ~Toni Morrison
By order of Portland Parks & Recreation and the Director, the South Park Blocks closed just prior to 8:30pm on Sat Dec 3
I'm goin too!
I think I might try reporting the 's SunPlus all over my block to 311 as a violation of the flier ban.
I'm so tired of hearing the household/government budget comparison. It is more complex than that, people. Come on!
HI BUDDY
That was a yesterday's tweet.... :)
:) RT : #ThingsIwantTheMost to return to the ring and kill all those fucking zombies out there
Love is a powerful tool of negotiation. Pro-love gives you the strength to reach a compromise.
Called in to a 10 plus hour work day today...the dishes and laundry can wait. I need to sit.
Watching White Chicks. ohfuckyes.
So -- here's hoping that we can celebrate his 75th, 85th, and 95th together! (After that I will be too decrepit; he'll be going strong).
That was my attempt at spice for the night.
#friedbaloneysandwich is a gourmet dinner in the country(:
#FF to those ready for the extraordinary:
Chris Bosh gets hype !!
oya sorry :p
As closes today, it only makes me thankful HTjr is gone before he could do any more damage (AKA "constituent services")
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! Hope you have a great day :D
A person RT : Fucks a suzie? Anyway good win Philly
“: Bo Jackson. That Is all.” Enough said!
#followmekianlawley you know you want too....
RT Kinda makes me sad seeing everyone around me getting tied down with someone else :/ #ForeverAlone lol..
Yea no problem hope to c u coming on a tv near me
Monaco country profile
YOU JUST MAD
I will
Love downtown
oh haha I wanna meet a real life Schmidt!!
Wish I were a bridesmaid for a fan, so I could plan a Treat Yo Self bridal shower.
margarita time =]
It seems like #blago is giving a victory speech. What a joke.
FREE 500 BUSINESS CARDS....WOW!! at www.NYCPRINTDIRECT.com RETWEET THIS!!!
I WENT TO SLEEP LASTNITE LISTENEN TO IT..U ARE MY KINDA OF MUSIC :D..CANT WAIT FOR MORE :)<3
The Muppets is the most perfect thing in the world.
Google settings for Chrome, Account, & +1 become so confusing, I am reminded of switching from iPhone to Android.
O no about to get 4 or 5 shots. <3
No music tonight - just good food!
Im so freaking hot in this tux
#GoTribe TWO DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY! #GOTRIBE!
lol...my get up and go just got up and left....
another Sunday Morning waking up with Golden Coral on my mind... shm thanks lol
I am happy to be a #NoHeganEast alumna. What a crazy and wonderful 4 days.
That's crazy. They came back and won with two goals in stoppage time.
I think leadership comes from integrity � that you do whatever you ask others to do
Flavor contest continues 1 more wk, til 30th. Any more gr8 brownie flavor ideas out there? Winners get samples of their creation.
Daewon song & kelly hart liked the photo of me that posted, kelly commented with 2 thumbs up an daewon said "nice catch" xD xD
Why did the pig send his story to New York? He wanted to be published on Pork Avenue.
r kelly is really a foooll in feeling on your booty lol
How many Padres prospects could you see in next offseasons top 100?
follow back =)
Chris can I get a goodnight plzz I have to go to bed it would make my night before I leave PLZZ
I am so tired but i dont want to go sleep!
but Eben didn't and he was my favorite!
#fumble number two for the saints good defense lions let's go bitches
Have the Saints lost their minds??? I'm thinking they should be throwing money at Brees but I guess they used it all up on bounties
Those who take part in creating the problem couldn't be part of the solution. --ABDEL MONEIM ABOUL FOTOUH
cool so far I'm still in training
Postal service crimes scam artists from outside the country sending bogus emails opening attachment can give your computer a virus
Ba dum ching! See what I did there? (Ba dum ching-ed you)
What do you do after you save New York City? Shawarma.
Lookn at da book of eli just now seen it
that sounds grand lol well since the holidays try na chill with fam not working out so well hahaa but for now it's Gametime!
The door of opportunity won't open unless you push. -John Mason
I'm telling you. Pandora = zen. I'm a honey badger right now.
How do you choose between two amazing takes from a live session????
Heck yeah! LOL RT : You know it's a good show when there's projectile shooting from 's mouth!
Not the way I make it, let me send you some!
it only ended up taking an hour when there was no line. Grate jerb...
I hate the bad girls club !!! What a waste of TV lol.....
Don't be so busy reaching out to the world that you forget the people closest to you.
trying to!
You rod and staff give me courage. - (Psalm 23:4)
If you wanna take my picture turn that Instagram shit off... This body doesn't need any effects!
Your gym bag can double as your overnight bag if it is packed right
absolutely. The US government will be at your door any minute to seize those tapes.
Forgot how busy Atlanta airport can be. Feels like an ant farm, but less organized.
How would I make this yogurt recipe with a yogurt machine?: I bought a salton yogurt maker that makes 5 little jars of yogurt. It had...
Can't take notes and tweet at the same time. Then realized tweets ARE notes.
I'm bummed that the Nats didn't do anything interesting with your uniforms.
this is new how?
Going to bed. ✌
The beauties of the world are best seen by those who strive to reach them. ~Anonymous
I need to go to sleep !
hi playstation. i'll add your twitter to the thread, but you have to follow lauren and me!
Today: Callback. Audition. Rehearsal. Gym. Editing Film. Bartend. "the life of an actor" :)
That look you give your friends when someone attractive walks in the room.
LARRY! I call everyone Larry now
Young professionals (#YoPros) that are interested in getting involved, making a change, and having fun... needs you!
“And Max, the king of all wild things, was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all.” ―Where the Wild Things Are
"It will take us longer to taxi out to the runway than it will to fly to Baltimore" -- from my plane's flight deck on the ground in Philly.
MATC Republican bill that removes all 9 board members and adds 5 business members heads to WI Governor Scott Walker for his signature.
um nah bae, the correct term is "chicks before dicks" lol
Who else would love to see Peyton Manning play for the ?
your avi once again is absolutely gorgeous!!!! I gotta work on mine now...
Wit My nigga
Need you more than ever.......
Have 14k at break after rebuys close. Which is above 10k starting stack.
Awh sorry Brendan! I've got an email coming your way in just a sec. ;)
enjoyed your article about Jobs' license plate mystery!
what else are you doing this summer Chef?
Those people that don't believe in me affect me the most because i want to prove them wrong.
#10thingsaboutmyself I Love A Guy Who Can Sing
Getting ready to move...that's a workout in and of itself!
A beautiful sunny day in L.A! Going to ze beach in a few hours with CORTNEEEY! :)
Yes. He's 23 with a reputation for mixing it up. Mifflin is right in his wheelhouse.
Just got some tall shirts from Eddie Bauer, who knew i could actually get shirts that fit right
grandma jut called me a 'stupid teenager' from the other room. (yes, grandma, I can hear you.)
Hollywood weight loss with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
science split the atom to create nuclear power religion split nations to create nuclear war
lulz....#WTF does #America know about #democracy? We're a #Republic. Just really good #liars 2 apparently.
damn you got down during your performance <3 loved the outfit too.
I'm more of a student than I am a teacher. Hopefully it stays that way!
Goethe was onto something there. Nice to meet you too.
“ “: there's the whistle. SKC win 3-1in Reserve action.” Yay!” so that's 4-3 for in agro for the weekend right?
will nash move? Iggy? as a blues hawks fan - will they be making any moves what would you guess i want to scoop the boys
All of him and none of me where would I be if not for him ahmen!!!
Up here at rocca bar the go deep in here
Try drinking ice water? Water may be able to fill you up until you fall asleep, at least.
Anyone in mind to fall in love with?
Obama just announced on ABC he supports gay marriage. About time bro.
ELI Open House tomorrow from 2pm to 4pm! Looking forward to showing off our programs and new facilities!
#Qiqqa #EndNote #Zotero #Mendeley #phdchat I can barely begin to list all the things wrong with the EndNote column.
woah! You are no longer the coolest Vargos twin.
good saying
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 16
Don't forget today is not-furlough fri w/$1 scoop 4 state employees who show state ID & mention this special! RT & let's get out there :)
Excited to start our first 2 day Path of Power workshop on "Empowering the Mind" -- starting in T-20 minutes! :-)
Kickin shit with my girls at museum bar seen my wife in here!
No you're brother is just that bad
Sports diplomacy? A playing softball in Central Park on the British Consulate team.
Have the worse headache, naptimeee :)
I don't have a clue at all! i don't want it too like fancy just a natural look i guess :)
If you say "doe" please dont talk to me
we love buffa! What is your favorite thing to order?
OH YYEEEAAAHHH :D congrats! U better win
It's a side effect of a great weekend!
Whatcha drinkin? Go let it sink in. We do this every weekend, we move it like bernie.
Did anything funny happen online today? We try and track what is happening out there so help us out!
so far this RRangers-Caps series has been the most equal great series so far. Shame one of these teams will not move on
The kind that take place over a beer at the bar next door to the theater.
i started makin dollars an it started makin cents
Just one of those days where you need to go fast and cta says "Fast? Oh fuck fast, man. Just...just fuck it."
Why do people who aren't even gluten intolerant torture themselves with gluten-free beer? At least try to like cider or wine instead maybe?
Thinking about #Challenger . How can we again capture kids imaginations about space without the govt investment science & education
>>>MLM News! GOFoods Global( New Company Listing )
congratulations! that's great news!
I cant wait to see you and the guys in concert on May 25th in NJ!! You guys really inspire me... I <3 U... plz follow... RT :)
Definently a huge issue
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
I'm from Syracuse and have never had Dinosaur BBQ. Whoops.
Party like a journalist! SPJ Summer Fiesta this Thursday, 6-8ish pm, at the Alamo in Old Town. Free eats, cheap drinks. All are welcome!
how come you don't trust them? I feel like there year is a bit of an anomaly since Terry Ryan took over for Bill Smith
:Victory Memorial Pkwy in N Mpls--3600 N Xerxes has a lighting contest every yr; all along the pkwy are old mansions/great lights!
You not on a computer?Shocking!! Are you at our neck of the woods tomorrow? Oh I'll email you staff meeting its in 2 weeks ish!
Never buy from 's online website. It won't go through & there will be a hold on your bank acct for 5 days! & my coupon expires in 2!
RT:: RT : A thankful attitude releases so much joy in your life. Wherever you go, give thanks to God!// I want this!
Just woke up and is getting ready to go to the library to do some video editing!
Irish Car Bombs this Friday and Saturday. I love St. Patties!!
Waxman with my girls and 😳 so scaredd
YAY!!!!!!! AH! im so happy u made it, i was like "if bethany doesnt make it ima SNAP ON #NYXFACEAWARDS!!" lol good luck!
Mother's Day photos? Instagram them with hashtag
Must have been a brave dude who first tried eating oysters.
Things I'm NOT doing today: 1. Connecting to open WiFi networks. 2. Taking my phone off airplane mode for more than 30 sec. :)
A person can easily talk about the copyright issues of Pininterest w/o the sexist propaganda slant.
I love how my parents KNOW that have a performance and they don't wake me up when im sleeping on the couch -.- bitches :p
beyond happy, i am tremendously blessed.
Dianne Good work with the Smashed Documentary.
Nothin Change Until Change Is Made.(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" Seeking Progress Not Perfection While Walking By Faith Not By Sight)!
Kenny Fucking Powers
New #NOIdata slogan courtesy of "Get down, get loose, get funky with [data]." Excellent pep talk for Day 4!
It felt good to wake up to 1,000 views and 200 Twitter notifications.
disagree. That movie, despite Tatum being shirtless for most of it, won't break 15 million.
Doing some laundry then gonna crash right after...im tired as hell!!!
I miss my mullet.
I feel ya
INTERVIEWS: CIO's office is hiring interns! Grad / undergrad. Driving technology / innovation Exciting times.
"The price of greatness is responsibility." -- Winston Churchill, Former British prime minister
here we go... thursday night class
: I will be in Yiwu in a few days any advice on food?
i wont forget
John Nolte is an idiot.
I believe you!
CAMERON | PACE Group Adds FUJIFILM to Strategic Alliance Program
What a game, WHAT A GAME! Yeah!
Cadillac n' through the rest of the semester
Bruh , I done heard this beat before 4rl & I couldn't think of nothing myself that's why I passed that shit lol !
I called you a lot of names you wouldn't like when I read that
Yeah I bought tickets with friends but apparently the pit seats are free with admission to the fair. -__-
: Hi Gwen! you have 5 minutes tonight to talk Olys with and me? Ideally between 7:05-7:30pm. Thanks!!
JHMI is hosting an urgent blood drive 2/13 from 9am-3pm at Turner Concourse. Call 410-614-0913 to schedule an appt. Walks-in are welcome.
Today, the bookinaday students at Wesminister HS finished the all important publishing work for their book "Four and a Half Fingers." Kudos!
My parents had a Porshe 914 and a 66 Corvette. Sold 'em to buy a house and furniture. First new car after that? A Pinto. FTW
#SpringTraining hats look so awesome. My one is 5 years old now, might need an upgrade
yeah yeah yeah...... The only person I know who loses his IPhone in Denver in less than 5 mins...... bammmmm
Yeah it just doesn't assume me like it did before. Lol! Nahh!
do they hokey pokey. turn yourself around?
Many thanks. Not a great picture, but you work with what you've got. :)
the new facebook api is good, but the first version wasn't very good. I love that you can quickly find out someone's likes.
Thanks man, for the kudos, y'know it's always good to hear. make a brother work harder, :-)
Come join Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck at Talin Market for a Food Truck Rodeo and Have Lunch with the Mayor of Albuquerque.
We're about to start the weekend right: EARLY. Our happy hour w/ ½ off drinks is about to get uncorked! And check out our new pint glasses!!
“: Phone is about to die. I'll tweet till death do us part. #5votes #ESC Mine too!
shhh...still watching.....
cheetos are so bomb
Craving some deep dish chicago pizza
and I can't afford a ticket out there :(
Currently pruning the number of accounts I follow on Twitter. 680 was just way too much.
Yo mama nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat!
I just started bartending here. Come by and say hi sometime!
NP. We've both been quite busy too! Still want to meet up at sometime soon. I'm speaking for :)
My Florence study abroad is postponed from Dec to June. The David is going to be so disappointed he has to wait to see me.:(
Tina cole is my acting coach!!! Purtty cool...
“: I'maa snake. 🐍 slither slither”Lol yes! Im a sneaky snake. Who ate J-Lo's career. But dat as
Gym was awesome! Belly almost gone for good.
man babe hooked dinner up
haven't seen it yet. Is it good? torn abt Unsung. Happy that it focuses on those artists but wish it delved more into music
With for/while loops behind me, I'm breezing through functions in JavaScript. Also, I probably just jinxed myself.
": have a great day! Xo" awww thanx loves! You too! Xoxo
Having lunch with before writing all day!!
Sounds heavenly. RT : Dinner in paradise: lechon asado, grilled lobster, rice n peas, sweet plantains, avocado salad, yucca
I Press Your Ass Cuz You Ugly! Ha ha You Ugly
thank goodness. I'd be in trouble otherwise. Haha.
Steak and shrimp for lunch?
None of us will live in a happy, productive, or free society if we allow a police state.
Bout to go down the melo center and get some shooting in.......Hit me up
it's what they do know; it's Illinois! #isu ;)
Slut Your NOT!! Suppose To Remind Me About That I Had An Intervention & Went To Rehab -.....- lol
Im not asleep yet..
Mark you calendars for this Tuesday February, 28 as will be releasing their first single "Roller Coaster."
Welcome back Dottie D to the Oro Valley Perky Parkies.
The greatest compliment that you can receive is to be criticized for doing that which is right!
OK, If Portland Monthly is going to cover the tech scene, I'm going to feature The 10 Best Places to Make Out In Portland. Or something.
Picked up our t-shirt order yesterday. This first run will go fast. If you want one, pre-order on our website.
nothing really everyone is in bed an I just chatting friends on here
It's my fault. The Tigers are 0-3 when I'm there. I apologize.
Is The illest
when is it? who's version of the song?
#raw10 Growin up n the Ghetto, u pick up insecurities. I thought I had a hair disease called, CantcheDontche. Cant Comb it and Dont u Try!
I luv wen we sleepin n da middle of da nite an he reach ova an hug me like he aint seen me n weeks...
The creative soul wants to share....let it express and others will be glad.
the summer goin pass fast and i aint did shit i wanted to yet
the 328, definitely
Taping and Muding my Basement I have put it off long enough back to work....
Sometimes I try to force myself to care less, because I care way too much.
i hate thinking about the past :x
hey how do u RT and add your comment at the end ????
word me too. it felt fitting to put it up. lol
love you and your music
Omg Alana honey boo boo child was on dr.drew's life changers tv show, google it, hilarious videos!
thats what's up bro. Thanks.
US job moves: Best Buy, Google, T-Mobile USA, AOL, Dell ...
we are still alive, you know:-)
there are 13 songs on the cd and I actually enjoy 12 of them a lot...that's a great percentage haha
Again, I love Snap Judgement. Yes, it's true. I do. Everyone should listen. If you like stories at all...you will LOVE THIS!
Which Lakers show up tonight? Good Lakers or bogged down by Kobe Lakers? (Taylor)
#oomf is such a wannabe...
Gag gag gag gag GAG
Thanks for the RT! Your traffic updates ease our commutes, so we're doubly grateful now.
I'm liking this Twitter so far:)
"That outfit you got on looks like tinker bell threw up on it!" -Gigi Stopper LMAO!!!!
This is the real thing!
I've always been told that RT : Something about Rizz from Grease reminds me of
oh my god i havent been on here in forever
true story!
feels like her shoulder is about to fall off of her body! Havent had this much back pain in a while! :-\
Surrounded by college kids. Forgot how much i dislike college kids.
This is Blackies smirking revenge...
"The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible."
Say that again, and I'm gonna wash your mouth out with soap!
Sox lose. Rays win. Tie in the AL Wild Card.
Lessons in transition... Sometimes you have to go to the extreme to find the balance.
Thanks for the follow, George! Are you currently looking for a new place in Chicago?
in Monroe just living . N u
MOVIE TIME WITH THE BOO<3
thanks for following
word. We are drooling over her too.
ill text you
Our Nuggets play against the Charlotte Bobcats tonight at 7 p.m. ET. Go, Nuggets!
You think there's no such thing as bad press? Watch The Sweet Smell of Success with Burt Lancaster. Also ask Pee Wee Herman.
Warming up & getting ready for
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Gasol & Dirk Look Like They Could Be Brothers Lol
me too!! but we dont have a vhs player anymore. but its on netflix and im totally watching it:)
'Becoming an Archaeologist,' by Joe Flatman shortlisted as one of 5 for 'Current Archaeology' magazine's Book of the Year competition!
“: #NameAFollowerYouSmashed <~~~ this gon get me in trouble! Lol!” :O
nothing much :) wyd?
yeah man thanks, my chest just is really sore from the airbags and i have a cut on my collar bone and my friend is the same too.
You too! Yay, it's week 5!!
Can't tell if I'm experiencing a Runner's High or just frostbite.
i still got it for ya
hey whats up
Come to Universal City Walk, this Friday at 7 PM - Finalist for #KIISFM Breakout Star for chance to perform at #WangoTango :-)
what did it say
thanks for the follow!
If you need a summer buzz-cut, I highly recommend Randy at Big Bend Barber in Maplewood. Just got mine. No more curls.
excellent dinner this evening! Thank you!
My summer starts tomorrow
I been slackin, I plan on getting a stream up within the next few weeks
Thinking about showing the Melissa Harris-Perry clip on The Help and having a discussion about the Mammy stereotype in class tom.
Well, looks like someone needs to go get Skype then, obviously. :)
God is with us all. I can feel him: God, Sebastian, & the love of one of the most wonderful men on earth. So excited!
Waiting for to get here already!
English extra credit, I'll pass.
start at 2
yeah boo:) haha:)
OMG!! Listen/watching 2 One Time by JB he was so small!!!
Tomorrow, The Sliders @ The Bitter End (NYC) - We can't wait for yet another fun night out. Party starts at 10:30pm, You in?
Love your icon!<3 :]
I have to come up with a mythical creature for school that represents my life. Any ideas?
ah, they don't always have to be viable long term on their own. Like YouTube. Perhaps the issue is the true risk.
Awesome! You never know, you may decide you just can't help it and stick it on yourself! We did, but it came off in the shower :)
But I might replace that with soon enough
Katy Perry bby you can't get any hotter because you'll kill me ily
Many congratulations!!
Hemingway's it is to catch up with a birthday crowd
am i missing something?
I cant after six because the bitch will be here.
according to our experts the iphone update is likely happening at the end of summer. If you can't wait that long, Buy Now.
RT : Isn't a raccoon just a hipster cat?
interesting..let me follow up. Thanks.
Stevie Nicks - Bootylicious
I wish I was black so I could have dreads.
#iThinkOfYou when I take a shit
lol all time great show.. Tried to tell to watch it but doesn't think its good smh
hahahah, oh you!
yea!!! U goin out
Getting closer to my dreams every day! #grindin and #pushing on
my thought exactly! Thank you!
Ron Paul just went off the deep end. Fences to keep us in... who does he think he is...Obama?
how Nigerian are you?
Morning beach shoot: a success! :)
LePeep's for early meeting before I attack the day
If you wear a "mengagement ring", you are her bitch.
Good rain. Will be planting corn and beans in the next few days! First salad from southern beds! What's growing at your house?
Well, given that average CEO tenure is ~70 months, they're probably too busy looking for jobs themselves to notice! :-)
Woot! Finally got my new computer ...been roughin' it out on an old Dell...feel much better now : D
dr seuss would be proud to hear this talk read aloud
Cant Wait Till 2morrow Wilding Out On Dat Bus
Omg you are so right and I don't even know what's going on.
Damn...u kno that feelin u get after u smash on some good food...I'm talkin bout that #itis...its gotta hold of ya boi
HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event - Jan 26 Speaker: Lucinda Martinez, VP, Multicultural Marketing, HBO
Yay! I'm squeaky clean xD
I did..and I drew batman on them! Your jealous I know
Drawing these damn animals
Still cleaning!!! We'll be closed for the evening as well. Come see our sparkling faces tomorrow!
As good as social media COULD be for your #business, if you are approaching it in the wrong way, it could be disastrous. RT if you agree.
Haha! That's me!
awe sad day! Grow it back out by the next time I see you. It was fun watching you play with your long hair ;P
Thanks so much for the nice words to your co-workers. Hope they join our band
tom brady sucks bolls!!
will do! Word of caution on service tho..don't order from bar, use a waiter/waitress for food. Bar is slow!
My freshly turned 7 yr old just said, "I think Im taller," as she bent over & touched her toes with one hand & top of her head w/ the other
Life never stops pushing forward. Stay focused and never slow down with regrets. Smile, forgive, forget, and keep moving.
i miss you more
Lol tebow and Ryan together. Talk about an oxymoron.
A lot of subtweets on twitter today!
Happy excited and anxious .... Yay!
That is an excellent quote!
I wrote a narrative nonfiction story about my bizarre trip to Asia. I wrote it in 3rd because it felt like a novel.
: "I was raised by a gay man; I understand irony."
There's a weird part of my brain that feels good when I see how many whiskers are in the sink after shaving. Guys, do you get this? Ladies?
Sausage gravy >
Oh Big Brother you SUCK!!
and LOVE there fans . That's why we LOVE THEM
If you can maintain your attention while reading an investment prospectus, you'll find gold in that there fine print.
APEX is hosting Kuumba (creativity) as part of the Kwanzaa Celebration. Join us December 31 from 6p-8p
glad to see the zombie back in action!!
hahaha waking up to..📱😱😲😂 Happens to the best of us.
and the trio at Night Town Jazz Club in Cleveland tomorrow night - 8 pm!
I learned that when a magazine quoted me as an expert when I'd had just 2 months on the job. Wow!
It's only Monday and I'm pretty sure I've already used up my .com VIP team goodwill for the week.
lol! I'll send you another one in the mail!
swollen & sick sucks :(
did you scare off Piers?
I'm so tired of Freakin slipping everywhere in this pool
That was some BULLSHIT fucking #NASCAR #39 u should be shot.. 
i am still alive. don't worry. i've just been the one who does the blog twitter, so this gets neglected. sorry.
is about to do a ton of Replacements tunes. I can't confirm or deny the rumor.
hadn't heard about this project in particular, but I think it's been done on smaller scales before
"Bitch, please!" ~Ben Franklin
oh yes, GOP blocking the Senate bill to reduce student loan interest rates will HAUNT them
"hanging tough, staying hungry"
try this one I have 5,200 $2 bills how much do I have :3
sunbathing again? RT : So I don't like it when people drive by my house slowly.
Agreed! RT : If I could have a superpower, I would want to speak every language.
there is always sex lol
Why haven't more people I follow seen "Cabin in the Woods?"
": ": no"y u actin like dat" I don't kno u to b callin u
The first "BS fauxtrages"? Where have you been the last few months.
Finally i changed my name...im no longer goin by Miss Tanill so here on out wen i hit the stage Jus call me Tenacity
EVERYBODY TWEET THIS: GET VERIFIED SHES A MODEL AND DISNEY ACTRESS
congrats on the job....
same here, miss ya lots
