Just spent a fabulous evening with and talking about - the love of #life, #wine, #food and
very true RT : We're all waiting for the first real competitor to the iPad.
I'm up all night. Whole crew's in here cause I don't really know who Imma' lose this year.
You ever feel pity, anger, empathy, and frustration all at the same time? It's quite something......
My corgi sleeps under my desk. Lays head on battery backup/surge and hits the on/off button. Poof! Off goes computer.
that looks delicious! Hope tomorrow is a better day!
Thank you Michele! Happy Friday! Thxs for the follows!
I LOVE you so much. :) Follow back??
Sometimes U Gtta Swallow Yo Pride And Let Somethings Go...Thats Sum I Gtta Work On
#ff Amazing musicians
Stupid excited, I just scheduled a spa day for this Sunday! Girl needs some relaxation time.
#Tweet 1,801 - #HappyValentinesDay Twitties (.)(.) Hope you spend it better than me!! ;)
Houston, Giants and Broncos to cover spreads. All will lose
Almost to Corvallis. Rainy!
Retweet this if U think I should get an instagram...
Finally cable wifi and phone is back on I luv u
U R Welcome :)
The Broad Street Bullies are at it again!! Go FLYERS. Philly rules!
...cause I'm walking paranoia
Buddhism140: Life=suffering. Clinging=the disease. Nirvana=the cure. Path=let go(d), be good/wise/mindful. Budda=dried sh-t. Wake up! Ahh!
Sora said she's cool for may 12
The greatest activation you've seen this year at a sporting event is _____________ (would love your insights/perspectives)
RT : Get a new piercing this week- That's All I Really Wanna Do
niz they're gona add another win to their collection (:
You're Getting Facebook Timeline seriously stop fb trends here,its twitter
The sad thing is, I don't have the capability to make this happiness last. It'll spiral down as usual and I'll be left broken again.
you rock
they thought class was over....Shid u gon learn today
Thanks Merissa! I was so scared to do it! lol " , your new #natural hair color is RIDUCULOUSLY gorgeous...."
Tell Gary England & Val Castor I said hi.
Right back at you! Cheers!
"Wicked problems" seems a bit negative... maybe "wild opportunities" could be a productive way to move forward.
hey whats up? U remember me? I play drumms for Plug In Stereo on tour..;)
I ment ta say im going lol
You are pretty af ! Deff not ugly ( :
Facebook forcibly switched me to the timeline layout. NO. STOP. WHAT R U DOING.
I just ate Arbys. I know it's not #Paleo but it was so good to eat regular food again.
Looks great! Thanks for sharing.
Due to a booking error, I will not be singing at Blue Water Grill 2nite! I know....I'm sorry...not my fault:(
Self glorification is just plain arogant.
huh , are u sure?
“: great youu?”great
Uh oh.
WBOK 1230 AM Analysis of the election and "post-racialism" in New Orleans - on now.
iAm iNtellegent An An iAlways Have A Since Of Humor !
IQ2US Chairman Rosenkranz is now introducing the topic. He came to value employees with a sports pedigree.
doesn't understand why they have braille buttons on the drive thru at the bank ATM.
I had to wait all season to watch Favre revert to his true form, but it was worth it!
Did you guys get your John Mayer tix yet?
1 yr suspension for Saints HC, & Greg Williams indefinitely?? How did Belichick get away with his crime w/just a hand slap? #SpyGate was bad
Being told about things after the fact <<
Thx for the follow. Are you with Broward County government, or a non-profit? Keep up the good work.
Congrats on the USA call-ups guys!
I love and miss you all too!!!
Anyone hear anynews on & whether he's still with the or not?! I'm going nuts over here!!!
RFT !! “: I just smile and act like everything's okay with me, when its not.”
thanks trace for the follow
Be careful who you ignore, it might be the person to change your life forever
I'm Getting Roberto's :D
Happy mothers day to a woman who inspires woman around the world!<3
"Will you look back on life and say, "I wish I had," or "I'm glad I did"?" - Zig Ziglar
MAYOR STEPHANIE RAWLINGS-BLAKE will cut our ribbon at 12:30 in our GRAND OPENING CEREMONY! 8/18, 9-7. 2800 Sisson Street. Come and join us!
Buy 11:11 , 's new single on iTunes! If you havent yet, your missing out a good song! "..im so lucky with the love i found"
It's 4:20 on 5/5. Thank you Mexico for all you bring to our country.
To my NYC fam, plz go check out bro he's playing there tonite w/ DJ eleven
": i still like #oomf but i think she likes others.."
I'm in a meeting about twitter while wasting time on twitter.
or you could have shown up at sports company in all pink...
Got to see the first proof of the artwork for the new EP last night... we are so pumped!
So I just realized the Festival of Books is this weekend. And I missed it! And I'll have 2 wait entire year to attend.
hey z!!!! Great show for the season opening!!!! ;) Me-ow
we'll be there!
Maybe I will get lucky & it will be fixable.
This Mahomie just made my day <3 so y'all should follow her if you want a smile on your face(: you won't regret it.
have fun at the dive bar!
I should have waited until today to get my gumbys fix
Trying to mimic 2Chainz voice
NFL still stands for no fun league...I thought it was hilarious
wishing i had PB&J at work
SAVE AMERICAN DAD!
so then, based on what you have said, I presume you disagree with the idea of paying a pastor/preacher?
guys with braces♥♥♥
I had two big jackets on... A blanket. And before I left we got an extension cord and put a heater in here
Three months to my wedding and I'm getting stressed
MIxtape Might Release Earlier Than Expected
Ever tried to catch a Mewtwo with a regular pokeball? You might as well throw an orange covered in vaseline.
Is it bad that Im starting to know a lot more songs on the oldies station? Getting old!
My morning oatmeal is just not as awesome when I forget the crunchy flax seeds.
It's colder than a hookers heart in this doctors office.
Great day to be in Luckenbach Texas! 1-5p. Then straight to the Fort Sam Houston Base in San Antonio for Oktoberfest! 7:15-8:45p. Come on!!
seems like it'd be a chore, right? I don't know how they do it.
So that's who makes your eyes light up. Beautiful.
Tomorrow it is then.
dhddbdheidbdj I can't freakin wait.
Follow me and
You can rest in the fact that the supernatural power of God is being released and at work as you suffer for the sake of the Kingdom.
Thanks to for representing us at #sojam2011 this weekend. You rock, Mike!
And we are very glad you are still with us.
I Wonder Do Young Girls Feel Odd When Someone Wishes Them HappY Mothers Day
Jon, thanks for the comment. Read two of your tweets. That was enough. Now following you...
Laying in bed, staring at the ceiling, wishing was here.
hello to u
RT Napkin sketch in 1974 led to Reaganomics. #12ntc shocking, but not
maybe we can just go for the weekend, and if not miami san diego or vegas. we should just get away.
-Being good resource would mean pointing users to author Web sites where work out-of-print on paper can be found. See u in Bkly!
JT is coloring a picture "just like Elfred's". I'm enjoying a homemade vanilla latte and roasting a pumpkin. Yay for Saturdays!
but, but, Muschamp was left with an empty cupboard!
Being a manager at your job sucks
Jersey bound and it's cool and shit
I had a weird dream.
It is so hot outside..my church clothes always seem so thick too smh
I wanna gain 20lbs
I have a little crush on China Chow.
I don't need a BG just RT to help ♥ You all do GR8 work!
Agreed! We think that is one of healthiest/tastiest of all the apple cider vinegars.
Seriously Lakers? I am about to be done. Call me back when the real Lakers show up. It sure isn't this team.
It's so nice outside!
LOL! RT Soulja boy arrested, probably for making that awful song
nobody will watch the show it's all about the jets and Rex
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
it's my birthday today and I would love it if u would follow me or at least wish me a happy birthday!?:)
Visit with our most precious resource--our kids--in the after-school program on the West Side of Charleston at the Dunbar Center.
In Sao Paulo - present tomorrow on a collaborative project in virtual worlds - an international architecture studio idialab.org/projects/14
Thanks, Jason. Your opinion is always welcome.
I'm enjoying a Turkey and Ham on flatbread today. Did I mention it was free?!
they're goin to have a pic later
Thank you for the retweet!
My company does PR for actors and psychics... have you been doing your own PR and if so how is it going for you?
For that distance at roughly a 9:15 pace, I usually figure 475-500 calories.
What was one, was destined to be continued in slotitude.
thank you for the klout!
Thanks for the RT! - Glad you enjoyed it.
Dear ninja, I take the pics, not you... I know its too dark...
Wow. That is awesome. <3
First experience with git seems to have gone relatively smoothly...
I love Vampire Diaries, I have no shame.....catching up on the season.
No mention of Twitter or other social media as way FBI communicates with the media.
Grab a hand full of walnuts for a nutritious snack that has 90% of your daily req. for Omega 3 EFA, the perfect brain food!
let me do the damn thang!
thank you johnna!! (:
that's when herbs come in lol
Love that Jon just said "kerfuffle" on
i do sit back & just think about how my life has changed .
I haven't got anything for my mom.. :( I feel like a horrible son.
Starting to count down... 10 days till my flight home :)
yeah!! We miss you... What happen with you that day??
Eating birthday cake ice cream ^.^
ur satisfaction with your nails makes me want to go and get mine cleaned up for the first time
M we have Yuzu Shu in now. Beautiful Japanese citron liquor, great for an after dinner spirit
I'm already at 5%
I received all A's this past semester!!!!
ringalinglingling!!!! hello?! hi Roxanne! thanks for following #mofones!! talk soon!
just setup/confirmed a phone interview via text! I love me some technology!
Fave peeps working 4 immigrant rights
14 tracks on the mixtape "The Breakthrough" next mixtape im droppn is "Round 5: Final Round"
Lol welcome to Detroit RT : Driving home from Michigan and I have seen about 3 cars that broke down.
Watching Atlanta of Housewives RT @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR
#ThingsIheareveryday "be quiet and do your work, stop fooling around."
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Remember, Monday is just another day that ends in Y! Have a great week!
Our KRISITI YAMAGUCHI event may be full, but you can still have her book signed for you! Come on in and get your DREAM BIG LITTLE PIG!
walk your ass up to Wendy's bro
damn shame.
well he's talking shit again, follow me & see if u can read his BS! He looks like an inbred f'in dope. His pic is his brofather!
This game so hype
it was reactionary by wisconsin. PR nightmare. Wisconsin is part of the problem.
I can't believe it I just saw this guy with a beeper and he didn't look like a doctor.
Its a cloudy rainy morning..good for the grass I guess.Oh&How bout them 2011/12 #SuperBowl #Champions? Them #NewYork #Football !
The Obama Re-Election Campaign officially starts tomorrow-----what's taken it so long??
Safe this one too!!! With a full Bulls team , PHI got no chance period!!! Injures
Ok few. I saw the couples night painting the golden gate, & thought I got it wrong. I'm in for the 24th!!
You will never fulfill your purpose or reach your full potential in life without God.
.ikr. at this rate he's gonna get killed by a truck and we are all going to have to switch to progressive.
Glad you like it. I hope to see you at the next meetup.
Heading to #brewers #arctictailgate to spend a little time with my girl !! Go Brewers!
Most likely going to projectile vomit today. Watch out world :)
Math class
the one where all five guys in the floor are passive and afraid to shoot
BJ Sander! RT: : Everyone drink cuz a punter was drafted on the 3rd freakin round.
Sorry we haven't updated this Twitter in so long, we took a little break. We'll be back up from now on though! :)
thank you so much!
B transparent & collaborate- "80% of companies not doing their best 2 communicate strategy bit.ly/fOJiv5 #HR #business "
school & hating it! shes adorable.
Sometimes I think I spent too much time in school - when I see anything about pinterest, I wonder how you would charge interest on momentum.
#springsteen badlands
itS sO trUE tHO
Yeah im fake u know it. And ur a low life bitch with no life
The full-time data geek chapter. It officially ends at the end of June. (Why no, I have no idea what's next.) :)
I'm done.. Suerte loco
Glow at South Mountain Yoga's free community class: today 4-5pm with Anusara Inspired teacher Amanda Marra. 18 S. Orange Ave., S. Orange.
Enjoy the weather and touring Cleveland today!
staying up late knowing i need to be in the bed.!
That was the best world cup game I have ever seen #usawomens soccer
Nothing like a shootout to show off our phenomenal goalie! One more to go for the win. Let's go Kings!
Bravo! Bravo! It shows your true superpowers. Such an attack would've blinded a lesser mortal.
RT : By the way - Dale Hunter is addressing his team in a few minutes to give them his reasons for leaving in person.
In the meantime, our film GEORGE will be having its release party at Dark Delicacies in Burbank on Oct 4th at 7pm.
#WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin A-L-W-A-Y-S:)))
something more is up with this dude
Offense comes and goes. Pitching and defense wins championships.
"Life is just a bitch, bitches like to hoe, hoes want the money and money come and go"
any more tickets for the 2nd act?
Enjoying e-ARC of THE STEEL SERAGLIO by Mike Carey et al. on my Nook. Nothing like Felix Castor but a great read!
HEY YOU OVER THERE, WITH A NICE SHINE IN YOUR HAIR, I'D REALLY LIKE TO TALK TO ~YOU~
Happy Mothers day to my lovely momma! 💓💗😘💐
Heartbreak Collision.
"Remember always to think 'this is the weather I wanted.'"
You've probably read 'em, but "Book of Salt" (Truong), "Nightwood" (Barnes - Vienna AND Paris), and anything by Henry Miller
i could use 16M in funding
Being broke makes for some lame saturday nights...
LOL K.O Joints.
Nikes don't fit me either. I PR'd in 3 big races with Newtons, but for the money I can't cough up 175 for shoes every 6 months.
you and have the same birthday...wow hA
The suspense is killing me!!!
go check out the premiere of #BURN at the #Tribeca Film Festival today
Is anyone watching this Rihanna performance right now?!
": They say, "Keep your friends close & your enemies closer." The problem is, nowadays, you can't tell them apart."
Tops at Comfort Food Fest: Foie gras pierogi Anthony Goodwin of Butcher & Singer went for a French twist on the Eastern European staple.
I'll shock D from time to time in memory of you.
it will be!!(: the questions will get harder if they answer the easy ones
IN LIKE 20 RT when u gon be here?
Hahahahahaha.. easy coach . Lol we work hard over here .
Thanks for sharing the photo, Katelyn.
Time to haul my sugar addicted ass back up on the work out wagon. I'm taking Cher with me....
we have our tickets! “: 1 day, 4 hours and 18 minutes until The #HungerGames.”
no more google labs??? whaaaaaa?! sounds like a time for labs!
good pretty good. He really loves me. I dont know how I should tell him that I only love him as a friend. I have a boyfriend
Thank you for the RT's my friends!
Happy birthday Stevie Wonder.
It's sweet when someone knows every single detail about you. Not because you constantly remind them, but because they pay attention.
Really nice. Took mom to brunch, and then we saw The Avengers, which is a lot of fun!
The time it is
Damn where is this nice going to bring me
deep down i know i should cry, i should scream, and get down on my knees. i should say that i need you here. but i'm gonna party tonight ~
I can see the body language as he whined.
At Lexington Plastic Surgeons, we’re always looking for exciting ways for clients to save money. Join the online #auction coming to
"Temptation is an opportunity to sin or to worship God." #truth Which one will you choose?
#Education has the ability to provide #hope through learning to #children that are in a #homeless situation -
the most frustrating part of the production this weekend is location people. They just don't get back to me.
hahahaha its awesome :P
Now that's what's up! Celtics beatin' the HEAT 106-77!
I support this idea
Made it! CULTS.
You are in luck, new designs are already in the making!
My fav places on ★ #toptuesday #OntarioCountyPark ! I so want 2 take the boys #Caming here!
Orlando with the girls!!Planet Hollywood tomrw night?
gold nail polish, a weird skinny headband, makeup brush cleaner (??), some face cleanser, a perfume sample, an xoxo notecard
god damnit i told u to stop yo bullshit #:<
What a hell of a game. We'll get em next year!
Cody, Y U NO REPLY TO ME?
thank you for having me today. Great office space, product and wonderful staff. Thanks Tevon and team.
My twitter app on my phone is acting stupid D:<
I need me a puerto rican ; brazilian ; or another latino woman. Girl I'm on the hunt for you. -my singing voice-
oh yes. Vintage.
finally have to mow again
Suffering the hot side of the pillow while the cold side charges.
juicy rumor! 944 may issue release bash next friday, may 14 at fluxx ... a certain R&B mega-star (rhymes w/ 'blusher') will be there, too!
Hey Sara,where can I send the tracks @
Actually, I switched to Cheez-its.
Goo goo ga joob. We hope u dig the tunes & the video. We gotta find these guys!!!! Best & success.
Robin Hood. The animated one.
and who you can have deeper (productive) talk WITH.
"Fact is i can hang with those who use the term "Y.O.L.O" Apparently there not on the same mission as me!!
WWE say they still do not decide who will return. But candidates for return: The Undertaker Chris Jericho
How am I just now discovering Spotify?
Putting "ha" after every fucken word is stupid. Pay attention in school.dont worry about eastlake when you have grammer issues!
Big Gun's
Love newest single.
Next time, follow them!! (from an old married lady)
108 in Burbank, but it feels like 102??? No, it feels like 108.
Overnight library staff are heading home: the unsung heroes of the 24-hour library.
well of course we love to see good press about Good Green Stuff happening in #oakland!
Welcome Lady LAX BEARCATS 2 B'More!~~ Hope 2 c u
Well, I was here for an hour before getting my first table. And then they wished me a Happy Mother's Day............. -____-
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 8
Finding Bigfoot +not finding= paycheck. A terrible show, and investigation.
That's what I'm saying, dude. I don't know see how Lesnar alone is bringing legitimacy. Rock vs. Cena was definitely legit.
Do you have Kyoto hotel suggns? I looked on your google map and postcard five, but didn't see specifics. Sadly, machiya= too much$$$
Either way, huge congrats to Phil Humber. What an accomplishment.
: I believe we can demonstrate the right way to run an economy is the Texas way
If the White Sox just threw some bleach in the washing machine they could wear pink throwbacks for Mothers Day.
what are you up to? Have you doctorate yet? PhD?
I love Downtown Detroit at night. All of the lights plus the riverview.
played the song '(SO YOU'D LIKE TO BE A) MILLIONAIRE' by RICHARD W. HONOSKI A/K/A MR. RICHARD on #
Cool bro... Someone else's bullpen is blowing this one...
TONIGHT IS CRAZY WEIRD!!!
I love my amazing girlfriend so much
Life's burdens are lighter when I laugh at myself.
Happy B Day Best Wishes
if ppl would get that vitimains are better then med we would remain healthy with everything! Great tweet
u not a real man if u can't drink beer!!!
How Have You Been ?
Off to visit daughter & son-in-law.
Kudos to a beautiful exhibit design to design department, my old internship!
HEY!! Why aren't you following me? lol.
I AM SO READY FOR DIRTY SOAP TONIGHT
Great defensive possession. Doug deflected a pass, Jalen fought over a pick, Tray showed on the pick & Pat forced a bad shot + got rebound
That's what you get, James Loney. Base hit ties the game, idiot.
Happy Mothers Day crazy ass Cuban/Jamaican/what else?..lol. Enjoy. What you got planned?
All she wanted was a freak in the bed.
okay okay ill pay for you ;p
I absolutely did. I have a long commute.
Last one of the night: Unlucky Louie
Hope y'all are drinking Ciroc tonight!
Be patient, the new album is cooking and coming together great!
I'm seriously bored
I loved today! The fact the today happened to be my grandpa's birthday may he R.I.P I felt very guided, thank you Today was a great day. ☺
wanna die?
6 1/2 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final 5!. Go Jollymen !!
hahaha took yuh along time to think of that Jeff help you out with that one ? Lol ok I'll fight you let's go
That's right-taking refuge is a reason to rejoice...hiding away our weakness in a strong God can cause us joy--will we let it today? Will I?
you okay?:/
Aw :( I'm a size 8. They're amazing! Xx
thank u for all the love and RTs ;-)
#xfactor josh you will take it. Props to chris rene & melanie.
will likely enjoy the movie, I would imagine.
What kind of vending machine doesn't supply peanut M&Ms??
who now?
You Know Yo' Mans' An Amateur Come Party With Some Pro's !!
You know you still love me though. :3 lol
Why is everyone talking about 50 shades of grey!? Is this a sex book i'm missing out on??
It. Is. Pouring.
i bought waters from a poor kid on the streets in the bronx. $1 baby.
My teacher said we have class Friday... I told her Jesus was ganna be upset about that. She gave me that pissed off look.
Where did this rain from from Houston?!?!
I'M DOING YOU!!! Lol
Watch the Texas team up next...
JD to Mills: "You gotta put the 'home run sign' on more often...".
Necessity may be the mother of invention, but play is certainly the father. -Roger von Oech
o i c. so when do you want to come with me swimming? because i want to ge tit over with before i die!! just kidding sweetie.
Thank you! I just emailed your parents with the good news!
Was Angelina Jolie's bony leg poking out to sniff around for a sandwich?
Watching my kiddo play with nothing but his imagination is a beautiful thing...
followed me. holy shit. my life is complete. (:
I could use some help over @ Pinterest. Do I have to pin everything? : )
clicky click! happy birthday to m!
Word of the day: rapacious (adj) - Disposed to seize by violence or by unlawful or greedy methods
I wish you could go to every state and meet ALL your fans!
why Keith????
thanks for the call today, good news, keep me up to date. Thanks again.
HAVE YOU SLEPT WITH VINNIE LAROCKSTA YET? PRE-ORDER 'BEDTIME STORIES' NOW!!!
needs to bring himself to PA so he can take me out.
Game is tied at 3!
Hmm..not that I'm aware of..but Beligans, that's something i can speak for :)
Happy Birthday and !
do you ever see Amy Dresser?
are you on popgh.com yet!?!
Just got a Flickr pro account. Let the uploading commence!
Just woke up. Now I got the munchys.
Don't like it when I can't reach the people that I need to talk to so that problems can be solved.
I know what it is. unlike most people, i actually look at tweeps profiles before I follow. saw the hyperlink under your user name
We can do that
Why do all car alarms make the same 6 or do sounds in a row?
Good morning everyone! Just one more week till our headlining show at Peabody's so make sure you get your tickets! You also get a free Ep!
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
I don't understand how your Luck column trash got cover & #SKC got a handful of paragraphs on the 3rd page smh.
any updates?
I wish people appreciated their opportunities more. The old saying - "You can only lead a horse to the water, you can't make him drink it!"
should get up at 5am and do Insanity or P90X with me
Watching!! Love it!
Have so much to do, not sure where to start!?!? Is it Monday???
you're so right! Please send check for $23,750.
It's not much of a problem but I think they're just old pages that had their links broken but are still published?
Eat* wow lol
": “ We goin in tonight at Klusoz!!!”great it is" *Mami has spoken*
iGot robbed the other day and just got out of jail. got is good for letting me keep my life
Hey ! I'm featured at your #GreenWeek! Use your wise words to help my program for MKE! www.smartenergypays.com please RT
Super/sexy Premieres Tonight 9/8c = feat. Degrassi alum
Did you inaccurately use that "those who don't learn from history..." line even ONCE, Shano? Yes? How was the spelling?
Took me forever to find a cute one like that & now its gone
Awesome!! :-) Have fun at the park!
now i know what loneliness truely feels like.....
thanks, stop by sometime and grab the Eggplant sandwich :-)
Hi Lisa! Thanks to you and Raleigh for coming in to speak at TAN today! You're a great speaker!
Leaving Louisville tmrw, coming back next Thursday as a National Champion. Point. Blank. Period.
I just seen this and fell out laughing lmao I remember that too
RT : If u want to do something, don't complain about it & point fingers - just get up & do it -- Vince Gray
If they've found parking use has gone down significantly, they'll reduce rates
I need to move
About 2. RT : morning ladies & gents. you listening to Gilles?
Is it me, or do crickets have really shitty taste in comedy?
Ha, touche. Forgot about that :) That 1975 team w/ Clarke, Parent, McLeish, etc crushed liljpq's soul, & it still hurts
Cafeteria's substitute to a fruit side dish? Chocolate pudding.
I ☺ puppies
Sweet! I'm going to wait until I actually go to one of those locations, though. Still only about 30 hours in :\
S0-MOD 2010 The Southern Model Expo and Entertainment Convention Are you ready? Oh lalala!!
Thanks for the #FF mention!
#Gemini actors outnumber the others @ any awards show. Witty & charming they shine on the red carpet but over share in the acceptance speech
Love Barrilito Rum too! : Don Q seems more popular on the island”
Interested in volunteering for the Heartland Film Festival? Stop by the volunteer open house tonight at the office.
Romny is starting to pull neck and neck with Obama. It's the economy stupid.
That's about to be my avi. And wallpaper.
save by the bell lasted
#Packers play 5 primetime games. That means 5 days I'm showing up for work still
"Use the skills you learned in the military to succeed in the biz world" - great video msg thanks for participating
You gotta wow McQuay, Bailey, and Benjamin at the Spring Game so VU can get those commitments!
Jay-Z, D'usse Cognac: Rapper Introduces New Liquor to Compete With Hennessy
I would like to thank all the beautiful people who came to Stella's Starlight last night at Galleria Unico. Caress Sahura was off the chain!
SPREAD THE WORD! Follow US to win FREE LAP DANCES, ADMISSIONS, T-SHIRTS & GIFT CERTIFICATES! Tell your friends to follow
Think I'm gonna go pick on a Jet Blue pilot.
The power of imagination makes us infinite. John Muir
Line of the night came from my wife. I won't repeat it on Twitter though or she'll kill me.
miss you too!
oh. My bad. I take back the celebration dance and offer instead two fingers of whisky.
"You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling." - Eames, (Inception, 2010)
Hi, we have an organic booth salon for rent in Fresno, Madera & Clovis. Let us know if you are or knows someone who's interested:)
RT : 17 dogs found homes this weekend! See their cute little faces on Happy Endings page www.familydogsnewlife.org
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO MY BESTFRIEND?!?!:(
I couldn't get here for 's re-opening of "Strike" 2nite but I loved it in 2011 #Indyfringe. 'Glad it's back, in #Irvington!
Best rap song of all time!! “: Jammin' that juicy #Biggie”
I knew I should've woken up earlier to dry them! 😒
Co-hosting another exciting installment of the "Community Worker" on KPOO, 89.5 fm, today at 5:00 pm!
thanks for the kind words ladies! Glad the work is useful :)
congrats. Id love to help out
Don't you have a gf , leave me alone . I thought we promised these hoes will never change US
Hopkins' RBI single secures the 9-1 win for South Alabama in the sixth innings. USA plays winner between ULM and loser of WKU v ULL.
no, I do landman work and was researching mineral rights for a client. Saw a lady get shot...crazy!!
HAPPY EASTER!!! hope everyone has a blessed day:)
City won't be committed in May. That won't happen until after validation, likely 12+ months. My opinion.
I got rid of my Honda CRV for the Clubman. How many kiddies do you have? Could be a tight fit in a mini/Clubman.
and are doing the Williamsburg Tri on July 1st- all of my energy is going to tshirt slogans today for the cheering section
The Rangers put me in a happy mood #KingHenrik #NYR. Going to sleep happy tonite!!! 👍😘
hey how r u?
went to sleep with curlers in my hair and woke up with a pain in the neck - you! Kisses.
We saw Crazy Stupid Love last week... what looks good this week?
Thanks for the RT!
#IWontBe your #Hero, but I'll make your hero laugh so hard they piss their pants...
RT : Impact of the "Open API Economy": "organizations are becoming SaaS providers." at
i tried calling but your phone is off :/
3rd Annual Cocktails for Courage in honor of USMC Cpt. Kyle Van de Giesen is May 25. Donate to KRV Memorial Award Fund. Contact me
there are people who do that for a living. Ever read "The Starfish and the Spider"? they speak of such a guy in that.
:D I'm so excited! I might pee! LOL
Hahaha, we're honored you'd ask!
opps. Haha but I really hope they play it!
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why? I Said you look fat!
I haven't been on twitter much, I really need to start being more active
I swear, I won't go back on the promises that I made to you.
hhhheeyyy bee! How have you been?
Yo I will be here until Jan 4th, but I will be at Justin birthday event.
still finding sand everywhere
tesserae! That was yes
DILLON. You almost got me in trouble in class for that tweet, because I laughed. :|
moochfly is a cute app idea
Really don't wanna go to school tomorrow but hey,,
Thank you! Deep breath! I'll plan a little celebration shindig soon...
#TUFBrazil debut. Huge market/talent development tool for #UFC. Give fans what they want: their own country, language and people.
Had a lovely coffee date with this morning!
Nice to check "Rose Parade" off my bucket list... But time for the game! I have 1001 Rose Bowl Drive in my sights...
how was your flight out?
I'm feelin 22 black. Put a g on it and let it ride
Ikea gets green light for new Reading store Ikea has gained planning permission to open its 19th UK store in Reading, the first to be bui
How do you start a marathon? Connecticut only has 1 marathon. I think that needs to change.
needs a school so he can focus on his next 2years
This montage of Lebron flops is so amazing. Camera doesn't lie!
Challenge measures omega-3 levels before & after taking 1 Coromega Squeeze every day for 90 days. I'm doing it now!
I didn't ignore you girl
"Let me tell you something, you never want to loose a race against the night"
Oh noes! Sorry to hear that! :(
shit the perverted old man was back! This time he bought lube and chocolate body paint. He told me he is a judge!
FOLLOW D LOVVE ON TWITTER
I really miss Harry Potter :(
#YouMightBeStupidIf you tell any girl that she is ugly,everyone is beautiful.Let me correct that #YouAreStupidIf you do that
Being a grown-up is expensive.
Princess boy posed the entire time on stage. Fuscia is the new black
Adding a book to Favorites doesn't automatically download it!
Waking up from a nap three times and replying to your text message late everytime #sorry lol
well let me lnow whem ypu are home so we can party.
Looking forward to rent a vacation house for 2 weeks this summer. Any suggestions ? :)
Does is work for Verizon?
Chilly reception, I'm sure.
you're DAMN right there is.
TONIGHT!!! La Cage, Milwaukee, WI and HUNTERS, Chicago, IL!! See our HOTTIES DANCE for you!!!
omg what would you do?!
Plugged in my printer to my computer and it randomly printed out 3 pages of tic tac toe games - weird.
i am liking this assignment. It is tough, but kind of fun. Best of luck to Mr Price's agents.
did I say "your." I meant tour!
Not really suprised RT asked a full house "who likes #google+?" The silence was deafening.
stop talking to me.
Sounds Great! Thanks for checking it out! cc
Hi! How can be considered for Entrepreneurs Of The Week? Thanks!
braces come off tomorrow
I have a new plan for work relations. I think it will be much better for me.
you are welcome
Just spent 16$ 1/2 pond @ The Market for dinner 2night. Oops
OKC getting creative with their t-shirts: distributed blue to some sections, white to others. Looks cool!
How many times to do you reach out to your network? Schdule a few touches periodically and make them personal. #peoplematter #business #mar…
Popeyes wit the love of my life<3
Thoughts and prayers to you and yours.
“: Taking a picture with my friends takes hours because if someone looks bad it MUST be deleted.” that's you(;
hey thanks for following us.. hope to see you at a show!!
Haha I might have died for a little, but I'm back now! Long time no talk, you still holdin' it down in Ann Arbor?
Thanks for the Follow. Look forward to sharing.
That the Methodist Church seems to be sanctioning, even requiring, deceit from its clergy is deeply problematic
i like your tweets
Part of the British landing party that stayed with the boats are having issues launching due to the ice protruding off Lechmere’ s point.
A quick video I put together from my day today at bit.ly/rqdTsf
Hard to pick sides, but glad to see Kansas
going to bed alone
This kittie is a camera ham. I'd say she belongs in this family. :)
They are still playing that Gotye song
Clicking "Show Detailed Technical Info" on the Gmail error page displays the number 93.
was up until 5am...writing. the coffee always tastes sweeter the morning after even if the world is still a little fuzzy
Can someone please explain to me why there is no service in the yet Verizon works great? cc:
nice :D
Following my other account #Drakesters? . Thx, I love u all! ;)
Nobody wants to talk about how our is also in a sex scandals buying PUSSY and using tax payers money to fit the bill.
Wearing a winter snow hat and shorts...... #WhereTheyDoThatAt?
We'll miss ya, MCA... Love to the Beastie nation...
Great way to meet 10 hot guys in person... speed dating.
Congratulations, Dr. Nash!
Congrats! Welcome to Buffalo!
I'm down for a PLL all-episode marathon before the new season starts!
I am astounded at the generosity of some people.
don't let that Judas get away with running that mouth
Don't be talking about my tight ass. Ya loose ass.
If u a pretty bitchh, ima let You know! Unlike these hatin hoes .
good morning, how is your week going?
Waitn on bay to cum bck think I need to go to da er
hey whats up?
Do you have a website for it? When is it?
stay amazing nathan<3
#IfITellYou I cared would you care
I wanted the opera singer to go because I can't stand Ballast.
This is a valid topic indeed. Plz bring it up.
We think in generalities, but we live in details - Alfred North Whitehead
Off to Vancouver for CHI. And then this wave of conferences is done.
Ok sorry for the horribly vague tweet. Just feel like I've already seen this set at #sxsw a few times. And I'm new & uncynical!
Love it when a day goes from "eh" to "awesome" in a matter of minutes! :)
Thanks for mentioning my blog!
What's up? Some say Monday funday. I say #MondayHustleDay!
#wiwo For a story about Kodak's proposed retiree health benefits cuts, am looking for Kodakers who retired after 1991.
“: “: Dirty laundry for the game today #wearit #smelllikefeet” -- #lifeofabaseballplayer” haha you got that right
I forgot how tight blacking out and driving is.
lol what was the final? And haha dnt worry about
How about them packers ? lol thats for all you haters from the past! #MeTwoYou status, hope everyones smiling :)
What's next with the Reorb.it project? We are cooking up some stuff, perhaps some offline theater performances this coming year.
I know it's Hockey Day in Canada, but was jogging in snow-covered Central Park this aft and saw mites playing on Lasker outdoor rink. Sweet.
#makerfaire was so much fun! Even with a little one constantly asking for ice cream (note: the later in the day the smaller the line).
Definitely! email me at our blog email and we can figure it out. Thanks!
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
but we can talk later on phone for a few to hash out my ideas with yours
I'm seriously crying,worst news ever.I'm happy & respect that Shayley wants to get better,but I'm heartbroken.I love OM&M so much.
Dem nites when u wake up swearn ur neva drinking again #epic lie
Me...lol had to...handed the mixtape in...
I WISH I WAS SKINNY.
A person may have gotten the largest percent increase in salary, but whole dollar amounts could tell different story.
I know, I'm so bummed. But also resigned, since, well, it was a lot -- our quarter doesn't even end 'til 6/15.
what what! which edition?
I feel ya, Baron! Shoulda got LowJack on that thing, dude! I got MobileMe on my iPhone just in case it gets stolen! LOL
Who's ready for Cinco & ???
I used to have a back-up plan, then I realized I only had one to indulge those that didn't really believe in me.
I think that means we need to start a club!
Well thanks, we like to think so. cc. RT I love you. Your posts are sexy.
come back, long hair, I'm sorry I ever chopped you off :'(
These songs playing right now>>> they're the ish!
HOM: some of our ontologies/crosswalks based on proprietary source systems. Makes some kinds of distribution legally murky.
The count dwn is on... 7 whole days no kids, my sanity and my hometown. #tlc long awaited, desperately needed
Couldn't agree with you more. I oppose
School work or watch basketball on my phone.
i dont like people wit me who aint supposed 2 b & u really want to know that before things start going good cause then every mf wanna b dwn
your secret note will be done by Monday! :) haha
you're the absolute greatest.
What a strange start to the #brewers game. Maholm can't throw strikes, can't say I blame him. Looks CRAZY cold at Wrigley.
The day gives up athletes/rappers is the day Kris Jenner admits she's not a celebrity
“: Broncos for the tie!!!! #GiggityGiggity” broncos are a joke. We all know the browns are the best team in the NFL.
I mean I got 99 problems but a fan page ain't one.... But I can imagine that is overwhelming. If anything should be 1 way.
Dillard's fragrances haha judge me. On my break shopping though
Good Morning, great to work on fences...waiting on rain today, may turn out to be a paperwork day! :) Call me for an estimate 512-393-8916
now that's a small world!
lol. Yeah. Paper plates. Everything disposable :-/ They seem to be set up mostly for take out.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you forget to take your HRM strap off, and don't realize until hours after your run
RT : Danu' last night at Popejoy: a shout of Whoo-hoo for a great show!
Bad news never has good timing
Bah! do you know what we're doing this evening yet?
the new Noodles & Co in Oak Creek
Any FTML editors out there willing to donate some time to UW? Need a little volunteer help on a small project.
lmfaaaaao, you're childish. YES!!! it's time to take that ass bed, goodnight child.
Ill do 1 on 1's wit any of my followers for the bread cuz I dont think yall can check me
Fuck your feelings ???? oh No that just so rude and heart breaking
my sister, a public school principal and foundation board member who is reforming education,
you could've talked to me. You forgot all about me..it's cool tho :/ lol
Clothing industry will return with a vengeance with Generation Y... also look to the wedding, domestics, and baby markets for new markets!
haha. NEITHER would I.
im trying to get my damn brakes fix... it's going on 3weeks now!!! come check me out at the taste 6331 s lowe this saturday people!!!
I wish I could fall asleep at night like normal people.
Today was pretty awkward.. lol.
That's my boy. Tim Tebow!
where are ya, duder?
Glee has made me cry the past three episodes
can I still expect to see you guys next weekend at Texas Frightmare?
is gonna help me study before the math quiz (:
Tha system made me stronger, & bein broke jus gave me my hunger
The most maddening part of your parents giving you annoying advice is that they're usually right
I swear I love
Ha! Oy this week I went out nightclubbing, and woke up the next day feelin' like an over the hill Holly Golightly.
's dear friend took some amazing photos from the MISSION NIGHT MARKET - can't wait to see them!
Who says coffee is only a morning drink? We certainly don't believe that!
turn around....
Self-nourishment is an act of kindness. Towards yourself.
LOL. If there is a heaven and hell, I have no doubt I'll be with the fun crowd, :)
Hello Monica, Congrats! We need to confirm you name, please send it by DM.
Rise & Grind at our #dancehall workshop today, 7pm!
#2days until 's new single #BOYFRIEND comes out !!! Can't wait <33333
Ready to see my boy on the Today Show
Has gender equality really been achieved? I have my doubts about it.
First rehearsal on Schubert Quintet with Marc Johnson: amazing experience....
Tickets for #TEDxAdMo will be on sale soon! Seats are limited so clear your schedule for 6/7/12.
Daycare centers have such a high turnover rate. Increased and continuous Food Allergy Education is needed.
RT Did you guys hear about ? Now we're following each other with glitter!
I'm sorry. I would if you had another category. :( Let me know if you do.
I've seen someone else with the same problem.. says I have over 4k but none are there
Now, you can visit their state-of-the-art facility on Montano.
count me IN! I hear it's Jenns birthday soon! Perhaps a STEAMY present haha
so true. I hate just the name of it.....yes instead of being raped, lets call ourselves sluts. That's so much better....
in ATL stuck in mahljot traffic and pollen showers!
Thanks, Katrina!
just kidding, guys. some man fixed it. i guess i owe him a sandwich.
Doing promotional party at Pals Lounge on Auburn Ave for Xtamina Energy Drink special guest Sammie in the house performing
Don't hate cuz I'm cute and sweet; hate cuz you can't compete.
I just got really hot -__-
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear You missed a spot
Why are we still wearing clothes?
yes i did i text u before it came on oh yeah im telling yo husband you cheating on him wit #trigga Lol
I Cried When I realized we could never be.
#MUSICREVIEWS Tu Fawning - A Monument - City Slang
I know this was a long time ago, but I don't resent being called a nerd at all.
We were using our tel ref's cute little name to answer the phones but no one knew what that meant.
“: "When you are grateful fear disappears & abundance appears" ~ Anthony Robbins” - thx needed this msg 2day.
u go to the olive garden a LOT!!
WHERE IS THE PICTURE OF ME?
I had no idea #survivor was still on
Good burger is on nick tonight! So excited. Then 24
Wah T.T mean
“: Oh, so your drinking vodka in your profile picture? Teach me how to be hardcore”
Peyton, you and the mile high.city our a perfect fit. Ur buddy plays for the rockies, and we have weather around.
Definition of "organizing": knocking on doors, speaking w/concerned family, detailing info, phone/email banking, leafleting, support, votes.
Done school forever... again! Heres hoping that two degrees are better than one!
organized it with UCLG (United cities and local Governments).
": That empty feeling in your chest when you miss someone..."
haha where am i going to get a phone? Toy phone i have a tons :p
I'm expecting a great year !!
AUSTIN IS NOT A JUSTIN WANNABE!!!!! HE LOOKS UP TO HIM.
Goodmorning #tweeps .....in my city for a week who fukin wid me....?
Pretty good. I think we need one in Gardens. Maybe I'll open it in
New Andrew Bird album just showed up in my inbox! This is a #GoodDayForMusic!
I like the name of your account, it's clever =P
you better have something new im still on the ice box !
really guys? I gotta hear this one.
Psyched for some SmashBurger at the InfoTrust office!
dont get to excited yet, last saturday gordon bombed one in the first and look what happened.
Prayers go out to New York! Go away Hurricane Irene!
Your welcome. Just asking u to be fair when u make remarks like that. It's not all UK fans. Which r easy targets
Nice of you to say. Thanks!
r u a Obama supporter or only a sex supporter ?
I'm working on hearing discards today, that one tickled me. Oh, hearings.
If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid
Mr.UPS just pulled up....it's going to be a good day at the house of Habit;) more to come!!
Wow. That hurts:/
MY MOMMA got me Up All Night Album! (: I<31D
maybe she meant Tooth Fairy? That's pretty good. YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TOOTH.
when u visiting me for real?
Totally bummed with #IUBB lost tonight, What are we lacking early? Can we rebound to go strong in the #BigTen tourney?
Just finished a 6-mile hike in the foothills. It's a beautiful day in Boise!
I hate mushrooms
LOL....Audrey you're funny!
At the running store looking for good running shoes. The salesman said "Are these 2 much pink?" There is no such thing as too much pink!
Whats up pimp how u been u still trynn to get in feb
Everyone go check out ilivetechnology on #YouTube for the greatest coming tips and tricks!
OMG! Are you kidding me?? This President really gets around, lol!
Looking for #Wine Sponsors for ... email for more information!
helluva bounce back game from Teague today...big time
do you also want to lick whip cream off his abs?
hahah awww hope you meet him one day :)
Brainstorm is officially shut down! It's a wrap.
Fellow Chicagoans, thanks for following!
Our pizza is made with real French sourdough, fresh sauce and 100% whole milk mozzarella. Limited time: Slice of Pizza is only for $1.00
Thanks for the RT !
“: Glad to be in the twitter world. Hello all! I'm following my husband's lead." Glad to see you here Betina!
SWEET! I bet it is the BEST piece of cake EVER! Enjoy! Happy Mom's Day Holly! And if we don't talk, travel safe 4 !
I still love #skateboarding, that's something i just can't let go....until I'm 60 & have painful arthritis all over my body lol
This episode is AMAZING!! Glad i missed prom for this!!!!!!
oh "16 and just driving" good times!
I live on the corner of Rice
In the bed.
HUGE ZOMBIE HUNTING PARTY HEADED TOWARD THE BA!! Be CAREFUL, Humans!!
Mike Woodson tight and he should be.
doesn't appreciate yoga pants like he should.
My mom has joined Pinterest. Hell has indeed frozen over.
Greetings. If you ever need an opener for any show we would love to be apart of the Republic. www.Startisan.com
Thanks! MT #yifollow : Because he manages a federal agency's ScoMed. & he's a NE boy & he's a quick email responder.
Welcome to our team Michael Sugar!
Testing conversation history. Hi!
There is more hunger for love and appreciation in this world than for bread. Mother Teresa
love it! Miss this!!
With great power comes great responsibility. Oh, and homework sucks.
She's my fav for the evening!
-___- You said you'd text me at 6 ish .. It's almost 7 .
Thx for the #Smugs (smiles & hugs) Big Leo! LOL!
ORAC is an acronym for a test that determines concentration of good vitamins in food. Hi ORAC is good! #askcheryl #BL11 via
managed to keep my clothes clean for first half of day. amazing too. go
So great to hear! We're excited for more spring sunshine and to pick the winner of our #Seattle Stay & Play Giveaway! Cheers!
perfume = High light of my dayy <3 :)
After tough couple months including injuries, I'm in San Antonio w mom & dad 4 TLC. Leaving Medina Valley HS Christmas show--Wow!amazing
how do I get one of those!!??
Then forget about matt caring 4 one is easy two is trouble
Just watched The Avengers. OH MY GOD! AMAZING!
Weekend Promotion: type "thank you" at checkout online and receive 25% off your online order.
HA. YES. IT'S NO FUN.
Rats! If only I'd been ready w/the wildcard : Unranked colorblind southpaw takes it all in Madrid
": i been tryn to catch up wit u to.......NO4T...real talk"=inbox me ur hitter fam
my grandmother took me there in the 70s.
shitttttttttt!!! I couldn't call you I left my phone!!! -_-
FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!!!
I just had a wonderful experience at the DMV in South Milwaukee! VERY Friendly staff and out in less than an hour!! Yes!
i.e. if I call you and your voice mailbox is full, email you, tweet you, *and* Facebook message you, and you don't respond -- seriously?
Its Lima time baby rt Last Tigers pitcher 2 give 8 ER in start while getting 3 outs: Jose Lima, 10 years ago today.
RT : On my way home to the Q.C!
Looking for the sweetest dive bar in Hollywood for my birthday party...anybody?
i knew you would ask who it was, but I'm not going tell you. I just hope you give me a chance one day<3(:
R "Perfection of means and confusion of ends is the ailment of our time." Albert Einstien
yes yes definitely let me know!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! HAVE FUN!:)
Can you send a link about it?
Lmao. They zoom in on Kobe's face.
Business From A to Z Show # 1958029 Guest Speaker Helene Liatsos, The Home Based Business Expert...check it out now! www.blogtalkradio.com
When you still don't think you can trust some.
The language issue is a tough one. I'm going to have to figure that out eventually, too. Let me know what you decide.
Back working on the bell piece; my libretto is done enough to start writing music - I'm happy about that!
New Twitter Name -----> bernie_black2
wow! I am absolutely speechless.
NYUR radio gave my track "it rages on" air play last night totally awsome. I was surprised when I received the request to upload my tracks!
How do you avoid annoying followers when live-tweeting? ways for followers to ignore; give followers heads up
Tour money is almost gone also, if the wrong deal is signed, or if you stay local and rap only at showcases w/no graduatiion.
#thingsifindattractive , , did ya get that . ♡
QuoteOfWeek: Philanthropy must not cause the philanthropist to overlook the circumstances of economic injustice which make it necessary -MLK
night and day on i71 lol
That child is to much for us! Glad we get a lil break :-)
I'm in need of a Chinese buffet!
Male Privilege: basking in the glow of UR own goodness cuz U know in UR heart that U would never assault or rape a woman
Good luck tomorrow, friend!!!! I'll be thinking of you!!!!!!!
Uni: (intentionally) small reading room. You: a little library looking to grow bigger. Me: cello. You: uke. Great video!
The smell of burning notes all over the neighborhood and the wishes of good riddance to the nasties of 2011...
I'm done with this year of college in exactly one month
Today marks the 42nd anniversary of #NYC #Stonewall Riots, which sparked the beginning of the modern movement for #LGBT equality.
Hi: Where are you in Brooklyn?
Yankees/Sox without Rivera just doesn’t seem right.
Hope everyone had fun this weekend. I know we sure did! What's better than 27 hours of running?
You are starting to turn into the most complex person on this planet! Slow down! :p #dang!
#GoingRed with cinnamon butternut squash and red potatoes!
I'd like to be a fly on the wall for this :) RT : You should also connect with /
Yo Happy Birthday man!
Let me see what the wicked bish of the east doin...
Last time the colts won, I rewinded a cassette tape
Happy mother's day! Make sure you do good by her today. She more than deserves it!!
iight come here saturday so u can just ride
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!
Finally going to see Hunger Games!
Thanks Jonathan! Looking forward to working with you and too! cc
RT : Follow because they are changing the way relative content from the #internet is sent to me!
I'm excited for Seattle! Not so much for this drive lol
President #Obama announced that Bob #Dylan is one of 13 recipients of this year's Presidential Medal Of #Freedom !! OMG
Here's hoping she talks about that in her address.
God accepts me as is...will u accept my struggle
needs to ship wine to a relative in NJ; anyone know a good nerd-out wine store in the garden state?
#Imagine Zayn: I really like your outfit today. You: Thanks. Zayn: But I think it would look better, off. *winks*
this is great, however loan applications are down. What do you think is the cause of this?
Awww, Thanks Cutie! ;)
great film! thank you! one request-please add a warning before the graphic images or remove them (they're unnecessary imho)
Talking in a british accent... hehe :) > > >
cause I'm waking up early and don't wanna wake the Beligum
i need to hear "over the mountain" right now!
that's great coach...but can't afford to send kids to satellite camp...I work for university...mission work
I don't know how or why the #Bruins are playing as bad as they are but they BETTER figure it out!
Hahahah! Want to wait till next week then?
We're the renegades of funk.
Have a comp question? Vista won't boot it's stuck at crcdisk.sys in safe mode reboot disk does nothing either #?
Playing scrabble with at 1:30 in the morning.
Tonight's agenda: drink slurpees & write fat raps.
I assume you are going back to the East Coast for Thanksgiving? If not, Ill be in LA!
Sometimes, I just wanna punch every girl I see in the face & just be friends with boys; I HATEHATEHATE drama :p
Depends on whose phone number it is... ;)
well I'll make an exception for you baby(:
Man, I should have done that years ago!
This month was a day longer and still felt short.
Manhood is measured in spirit. It has nothing to do with physical size, but everything to do with character. E. Cole
Buskin on the high line.
Do it! RT : Today is gonna be a perfect day for a Cream City Ice. May have to venture out of the office today.
Congratulations to the Boston University Class of Oh-Ten!! It's been an amazing few years interacting with your beautiful selves! <3
Thanks for passing along the message:)
I know it's painful, I know. But it's a chance I wanna be able to take someday
my nig u can rap
So much going on in my head right now:(
Love this market! RT : The first Broad Ripple Farmers' Market is on May 5th! We can't wait!!!
My bestfriend is pissed at me no reason, and went to bed. DA FUCK. Gosh, if your gunna be a meanie to me, ima be a meanie back ):<
Harden and Collison make beautiful basketball.
bring it girl! I am ready! Missed being in touch with you!
Diplopia is visual impairment in which an object is seen as two objects.
Funny moment from NBC Nightly News which reports New Yorkers"held it in" during last of #SuperBowl.Water Usage in NY spiked 13% after game!
thanks for plugging play. Curious how we can toy with the librarylab shelflife project. Yay
Two more goals for Jordan Rhodes as Huddersfield Town see off Leyton Orient tonight
": You can never really say, 'what's on your mind?' when your family is on Facebook."
Is their a direct contact person I can ask for? Thanks
oh that sux
yeah that's what I think too, ik it's going to happen, the question is when? :/
Snoopy Come Home was the best Charlie Brown cartoon!
#StopOahuRail Construction on the rail before Fed funds are approved is pure insanity the people running the project sit on their brains.
Wore that shirt two days ago, only one at parents.
Paul g went up soft
RWNJ's worry about Glee's influence on young when its message is acceptance and truth, while they lie & bully just to gain power.
I can't stop looking.
that GS quote is perfect for you.
is pretty sexxxay ;)
that guitar and mado solo on the new single... Sick! Love it. And I really like your voice in that key. Awesome.
i mean: THANKS, DUDE!
missed out on #FreeCookieDay today at subway.
gun reviews ! Where to get a new battery for my airsoft gun?
Stuck for another day...tryna hit some boutiques.
*I* can still produce children just as well, not that I want to :)
lmbo im not in Dallas. Im close with someone who lives there. I saw Drake in Austin.
Break from choir in the Spring semester or no break... #registrationdecisions. Choir makes everything so much more complicated.
I guess ill just take a nap.
One of our valued DGDG clients family members, serving our country, check out his story. Lets all send him some speedy recovery vibes http:/
Ratigan is a republican?
New Year - New Plans - stay focused
so great! i'm on season 5 & can count epsisodes on 1 hand, ok - maybe 2, that every human should watch.
"Technical solutions are insufficient. To achieve equity HOW you do your work also matters...(i.e. trust, relationships) -LRC
The BIG event in NYC this week happens Thursday 6pm Macy's Herald Square 8th floor runway. for Wilhelmina finals.
Haha I guess!
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. ~ Gen. George S. Patton
My future iPad to be unveiled today.
yea because I need that fiffa fade
Man! Elder barbers are like senseis.Game on top of game. I love this art. Barber 4 Life... Peace to all the ol heads still chopping.
"Hi we're One Direction and we make your ovaries explode just by talking, smiling, walking, moving...breathing....existing"
What a great day at #sm4np! Thank you to all the sponsors & presenters.
AKA's Strolling today >>>>>
Wow. "Over 100 entries" rcvd last year for documentary oscars, per Torene Svitil of Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.
Hey, how's it going?
"If I'm allergic to scallops, life is going to suck." -Me just now
Awesome. I love porches but my friend's house doesn't have much of one. I miss sitting out and being neighborly.
i gotcha pimp gotcha by tomorrow
Cant wait for this summer!!!! BeAcH bEaCh BeAcH anndd New York:) Yay!
Oh, thank you. I get it now.
Had 2, but had to let one go, the economy the way it is, ya know.
Who geeks out more about , the press or the fans?
Philly cheesesteak tonight at Jim's in Philly.
TONS of #jobs and #summerjobs in
Just a gritty Spanish beach town. Nothing to see here, folks. Move it along....
Failing is a learning experience. It can be a gravestone or a stepping stone ~ Bud Hadfield
A3: PAC 12 and SEC are now the strongest conferences in America, because football media rights came first.
Q4: had no idea about Mango Languages. Just signed up.
Get to test drive the Kindle Fire and I must say so far I am impressed. Touch screen very re-active. Surdy to hold, easy to read. LIKE
ahaha could never forget!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
What station?
love u 1st :)
e.g. the NL PirateBay ruling only came 4d ago and hasn't been implemented. Where does the -80% traffic stat come from?
JUST WATCHED #FEELSOCLOSETOYOU VIDEO AND I DEFINETLY FEEL SO CLOSE NOW :*
NEWMANS AND GOTTA GET JUST THE SQUAD 2GETHER SO THIS WEEK PROLLY IMMA TALK TO EVERYBODY LATER SEE WHEN THEY FREE
:O you're too good for me...
My boyfriend is the best!!.<3
yes! i probably come here sunday and then i can talk you like all day i guess? but i let you know sweetie<3
I hope Jaicko makes it big.
Jordan needs to stop fuckin with my twitter and Facebook it isn't cool!
right. I was #guilty on 80% of those posts.
99 Students from the Chicago Public Schools will visit our center on Friday to make care packages for cancer patients.
All u need now is some #LFTC Karaoke, and your night would be complete..
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Wed, May 16 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
Ben of DVC/SHORTY FATZ bday 2nite.Downtown San Jose here we come.come threw if your in SJ.We'll be@ Voodoo/Teskies/Cellar
Let's get this both these games today
Ok, this isn't funny anymore. Seriously, guys, how long is it going to take to get used to this time change!
So its here 27 years young today ;)😜😝😚
they bought the naming rights to arco arena. I had no idea power balance inspired such passion.
The #Browns are a big recurring topic on #Mike&Mike show this morning. Well, if anything, they've made themselves relevant again...
1998, with Randall. I don't remember who the Rams played in the 99 NFC Championship.
I'm ready to crank that
Ha, it's true!
Running the St. Patrick's Day Dash! No matter how wet I get I know there is Guinness at the end.
wat up... just gettin some rest after dis long weekend... ima hit u up tomorrow
hahaha, shit got weird last night
Thinking of playing some FIFA later tonight when I get home. My PS3 ID is foshee81 if anyone ever wants to play
I could think of 100 more relevant "I miss the day when's" How about -when you can 2k flip with Juanda all night on FTP?
Hi Mr C, 1 of my dadys is a meteorologist 2. He reminds me of an old addage. When the days grow longer, the cold grows stronger
#marc12 UMW session Martha "not just digital story assignments but new media assignments. "
well done on the 3 points. I'm now going to drink till I can't see anymore
New addition to my alphabetical list of stuff doesn't know: m for Morbius. I think we have half the alphabet covered now.
Told #2 Son 2 turn sweaty socks right side out so I don't have 2 touch them b4 washing. His response: "I don't want 2 touch them either."
Collaborative Competition defines company's market shares & drives innovation
I think so! RT : Maybe they should switch to #BudLight?
follow back :)
Would YOU buy a Losing Ground t-shirt?
I am watching Sesame Street with my daughter. It is a great show for kids and adults. The jokes are funny and it is educational.
Nothin like goin 2 work while its still dark out
Theres a certain person who goes to EVERY one of Austins concerts. Its annoying seriously. You know who you are....
<3 RT : difficult moment for OV who spoke w/ media and then sat dejected at his locker stall for 5 minutes in full uniform
's laptop is so slow -_______-
Just saw ur segment on Wendy. I believe in u! Ur such a strong female role model&hurdler! U inspire me to push myself harder
Congratulations to student Sarah Plunkett for booking a Hallmark Commercial!!!
Desperate Housewives finale tonight 😪😪😪
thanks for the follow :-)
Cannot believe how awesome my iPhone prints came out today at 11x14 at Costco! Lightroom and Photoshop magic ;)
#FF because she's a geek. Oh, and also a fictioneer
QWiPS is no longer following you.
Ladies, what was your wedding dress shopping experience like? Do tell! Any tips?
Still remember the old days
looks like it. What an idiot.
So ready for bed.
#NYM have won 33/43 openers and have lost an opening day starter in probably about just as many - I'll take a W and good Johan show tho!
Just finished Super Sad True Love Story, and now a stranger starts selling me on the post-human benefits of fighting free radicals. Eerie.
Be nice tomorrow is not guaranteed !
can someone tell me what RT means? :) Thanks!
Having dinner at the Ravenous Pig, right across from Go Magic!!
yay! It's at 6pm and admission is $5 .
I think Baby Nostradamus *is* twitter
love you !!! You're the best
LOL. too funny! How have you been?
Brrrr ... sure is getting chilly outside!
Taste my tuna casserole — tell me if I put in too much hot fudge.
i asked u if u want my address to mail me a birthday card im great. how r u?
Wonder if SLOs are rated @ 2 and it leads to low tch growth sc. would tchr file suit for weak SLO leading to said score?
I'm so sick of getting the same shit over and over again.
Is the student attractive?
Blimey! He's quite a name!! I have coauthored and I enjoy that. But single authored book essential for me just now.
Might be in ISS tommorrow. For throwing my drink on this boy lol
I'm going to see it AGAIN in a bit with my brother LOL It was so good Gigi! SO GOO :')
Sweet! RT : Gonna talk about what I learned from , a UWO Journalism alum in #uwonewmedia today!
Oh for sure!
Well, gotta go do sum things
Irish accents >>>>
Go #Noles! Beat Georgia Tech!
Why'd you start your Twitter over?
It needs to be mid-May just so I can start contacting people about a place to live. I can look all I want now but it doesn't do me any good.
blah :/ too much going on this weekend and i don't want to do any of it
Yes, but we were trying to post kind words about you guys! :-)
fck your heat >:)
no problem
Delaware is 5:45 away from their first #ACHA National Championship
NanoLecture 2003 "Bought the book, hard to read" #TEDMED Genome: great story, hard to write... sex. Biology can solve human problems.
Beware of all these phoney bitches that be smiling in yo face.
My mom said I been hanging around white ppl to much........I told her she been hanging around dez nuts for too long......lol
So this quicki mix going hard this morning!
American Idol judges need to grow a pair and give negative feedback for once.
Homie I print shirts for LMFAO and Shwayze! & Thats dope you collabed with Slightly Stoopid! Im all about them!
haven't used his money since 2000...
I live from one inspired thought to the next and I try not to look down in between.
Asus Ships Quad-Core Transformer Pad 300 Tablet for $379
Milk is probably the only thing you wouldn't want to rep a breast cancer awareness campaign
one of the best days of my life<3 thanks so much
Happy 100th birthday to Arizona.
"Fantasy on Ice" history for another year. Hope you enjoyed it. Skating outdoors downtown SD, way cool and your $$ helped Children's Hosp.
no problem i follow u! =)
This morning I have left another man in ruins
only if you ain't tryna wake all the kids up with they nosey ass...
I can't stop listening to Taken and I Wish.
is your favorite movie "the man who fell to earth"?
Hear hear! RT : Today is U.S. Coast Guard Day! Thank you to all who help keep our beautiful oceans safe.
god i am really weird. OH WELL.
Friday the 13th is just another day to LiVe life with the people you LoVe, show your LoVe, & have your day full of LaUgHter!
good night! :p
Facetiming with little ones is my favorite hobby!
2....but see people also calling Purdue players ugly. So...yay, equality?
#ComedyMaddness George Carlin gets my vote
Yemen's Saleh says willing to quit under conditions. www.tncnews.com
The #Brewers have set the postseason record for taking strikes according to a stat we just made up.
TIP OF THE DAY: Always make sure you have fun at the table. For most players it has become work, but always look on the bright side of it.
Got the love Jones when he talk. :-)
as someone who is at a lot of sporting events, I see people do the dumbest things for some cheap shitty ugly t-shirt.
that's great definitely will be there to demonstrate Send me the address. Your the best
Favorite Brooklyn blogs?
going to!
I hate this feeling. I feel like I'm forgetting something and needing to catch up. My planner suggests that I should relax. lol
over that over this summer just fucking get here.
ima make you feel special
Ha. Talk about crowd-sourcing one's &c &c &c.
I don't understand why people watch the biggest loser. Two hours of watching people trying to lose weight.
Jus gettin off work...def need some r n r b4 this week starts up again
Watching Captain Kirk Vs Bane: The Fight For Reese's Pieces. (not an original zingger I'm sure.)
I wanna be on my own .
D-Trix is sexy. if it was legal, i would grind on him. just putting that out there.
Hello good lookin.... So glad you're finally here Friday
Random urge to start a new game of Donkey Kong Country Returns. Such a well made game.
So, "Giant Lizards from days of yore"? Got it.
Sorry Traci we had a delay but they are now on there way. Thanks!
Are we about to get wasted, pretend like we are 21 and go dance our asses off at the vogue... YUP:)
Great event last night!
Someone just seriously pulled the fire alarm, and lunch is now... Are you fucking me? Your a badass and I'm fucking hungry!
Thank Carma! I worked up an appetite, fur sure!
ok lol I want to meet Madison so badly! And him to just be like to me u! Ur the one! And for u and vin I can see it happening
Emotional intelligence is very important in relationship marketing
Really, America? Heaven is for Real #1 Nielsen Ranking in 2011 for adult nonfiction.
Good morning gentleman Now dont go and blow all your hard earned money on her this weekend theres better ways to get pussy like alcohol
oh. And happy thanksgiving, darlin(:
Bitch im sick of you saying i play video game what we do is pass ya nigga around and make him our bitch thats what we do wen i go out!!
Sometimes when I'm hurting my thoughts won't stop going thru my head & I turn up the Vol. on my ipod
Listening to on and even though I'm confident in my Photoshop skills, I've picked up some great CS5 tips
i need her with me right now....
I want my wife to be dark chocolate with smooth baby ass skin like
Bye Bye Knicks
Just sent a #baby present via #Giggle.com. Who doesn't love a #Sophie?
On my way home from the Kentucky NOW conference in Lexington. Great activists!
They have a lot of good research. I really liked their bullying article. It got the pervasiveness of it.
Come to #Chicago have a world class meal share a bike see a show!!
