No thankyou! Love you too but more!
is talking abt trusting our instincts. So true. We have to stand 4 the power of our gut & trust ourselves
Saw at the store tonight. Amazing how he gets through the aisles without his blades knocking anything over.
Be aware of the messages that you send. You will attract people that offer the same thing in return.
not sure if it's too late to join the scouts again. sometimes I feel I learned more about life there than I did in school.
Drama is stupid.
NEW MUSIC 6/15 EVERYBODY!!! What day did I say!? let's give the people what they want.
Do you know any experienced bartenders (w craft cocktails) or servers looking for a new J.O.B.?? is hiring!...
Sabotage and espionage......wont work buddy
faces and names sample t-shirt in production in Lima! Who makes your t-shirts?
Sad to hear about Junior Seau, is football now considered a deadly activity?
Thanks for the mention! We make a great effort to provide the best content.
wow #cnnfail. Who put the blogger on the air to talk about himself during an obituary? Dude, no one cares about what you. Get over yourself.
�If you think you are in control, you�re fooling yourself
hahaha #FailedMcDonaldsProducts The McSheen Burger. When you order it they always ask "Do you want Coke with that?"
* Had 3 beers last night at the bar. Wake up feeling like I went to Tyrone Bigham's $50,000 crack party.
"Mayor Adams worked tirelessly on this plan," says Leonard. "I don't think people realize how much work it takes to create a 'legacy'...
When can we stop acting and be something again ? ;)
Sounds like fun. :-)
And we totally miss you. :*(
RT It's started ?#+! that Siri Says - j.mp/mRxCdh
Last min!!! Comp tix avail 2day's 11am perf of Disney On Ice Mickey & Minnie @ Sports Arena. See me @ KFMB B4 the show!
Gotta feed the Bear!!!!
then wen say, "becoming famous" if he alredy is lol he's recognized by plenty artist lol
Envy would get you no where (:
How the heck did Jose not get to that ball?
Dating again at age 36 is insanity.
Yeah, I'm pretty much yours. Which is good because three minutes is my wheelhouse.
it will just be like minor withdrawals !“: just left me for an extended period of time. NO!!!! #StarburstPal”
Have an #EPIC Day!
That was in the top 3 nights of my life.. Cheers to the Millard West lax team!!
I have not been this happy since my daignose of #breastcancer. The end of treatments is in sight!!!! Sending all of you my HAPPY vibe() !
I'm actually not sure.. Still waiting for the phone call from Mrs. Vance
He is adorable!
Kris plays hard @ the PRU. As a man, I know love can be hard. Gotta keep your head up and push thru
This is so TRUE! I better start becoming more aware of this! Never confuse motion with action. --Benjamin Franklin
That's how u start Game 2! ITS TIME
Tweeters: Why do I have to see Justin Bieber's words when I don't follow him? people pay to get followed? hm...
Dare to inspire. :)
that one place in anthony with the bomb ass raspas>>
Let Eddie Take your Hair Too the Next Level, 404.454.1494 for your next appt
it was awesome. has the 11 year old seen any of the other movies leading up to 'the avengers'?
awe thanks and yes we shud!!!
Reconciliation of lean startup and b school strategy courses: lean = preserving optionality.
Omg you guys- not only did Thomas shower today but he combed his hair!! Come in and tell him how pretty he is!
Happy birthday you should head to omaha,ne :)
this guy.
Thanks a lot !
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We have laws that protect the custody rights of our service members while they are serving our country.
Next you point a finger I might have to point it to the mirror
you better do it tomorrow at 9am lol
Nationwide trend? MT : Us too!! : Construction next to our office is shaking our whole building every few seconds.
I agree. Gia is the star. We're just supporting roles.
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it. Wharton, Edith
haha.... Swamy ji, do something that give her heart attack
You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
WE JUST MOMENTS AWAY FROM CRUNKMAS THURSDAY AT KLUSOZ!!! YEAH BABY!!!
“ Forget what's happened all season ! This is the game that matters ! #ChampionshipGame #BashBoyz”ballout fam
no dramaz someone won't talk to me!
@ the Library: so far today is uneventful. Erm, did I just jinx myself?
Hunter Pence hits a solo home run off Myers to win it for the Phillies. 4-3 in the 10th
we can change that last name to garcia lmao
Sun shine and Sam Adams
that's mean. I'm do fucking mad and annoyed. I'm going to my friend's house
I'm sorry to hear Kev, you gave her a good life in this world.
ATTENTION!!! EVERYONE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW MY FREIND she is such a good friend and she will follow back
I'm your only foursquare friend
Chef orta bout to cook some chicken and broccoli
Breaking news! Jamie Moyer becoms oldest player to blow a snot rocket on a major league mound!
I Can Do Brad All By Myself
Day two back in the gym..it feels good .. Kinda hurts my legs tho..no pain no gain
Wow, the new 2 has a ton of cool stuff built-in that I was messing around with by hand / plugin before! Sweet.
27th Church Anniversary ....
The Los Angeles May Day 'Queer Contingent' and the Politics of Inclusion - Huffington Post (blog)
Casey is leaving my Google Voice a VM in which he defends the parenting of Alec Baldwin. It's a translate experiment.
Just another way for the industry to make a whole bunch of money while slowly (or quickly) killing you in the process.
It would be Magical if you where mine bt i guess our paths wheren't destined to be together..
slept in this morning saw your tweet; praying for the families in china & plane that was hijacked
Max in bad mood this morning. We are at level orange people. :::crossing fingers::::
GoodNight My Future :)
hi culture friends! finally tweeting! took us long enough, we know...
Bye the way no one said happy Passover
Blazers WIN! Jamaal steps up in L.A.'s absence to lift Blazers over Warriors...Playoffs still a possibility?
thank you
it probably doesn't start until 9 or 10
really, really wish I was able to see talk about adaptive content at #ias12!
I wish my bank did that! WSB, you better take notice!
Mishel: In polls, 38% of people say that they or someone in their family lost wages or benefits in the last year
Great workout tonight after celebrating my wife's birthday
RON ARTEST ON PUNK'D NEXT TIME, OMFG. YES.
Beach tomorrow! Can't wait! ((:
That means more dollar bills in
Without #God we are nothing. Don't be #self #righteous. Those who #exalt themselves will be #humbled. Those who are #humble God will
Arlington wins! Go tigers!
This weekend was fantastic. Sad to see it end. Ready to tackle this work week! I'm getting excited to go to Denver. Very happy with life.
Doors are open, shoppers are shopping, is rocking. come join us until 5.
recorded a punk tour song last weekend... wondering if it should be a hidden track on the next album or an offshoot project
I don't understand why Republicans say they want less government, when they're trying to shove it between women and their rights.
We're sorry to hear that, Marissa. Please DM us your room number so we can fix that for you!
Something tells me the Indiana Pacers will gain a ton of fans across the country after watching them play today & the rest of this series...
That's not fair! Tell me! I won't freak, I promise! *Bretana*
My thoughts exactly!
Practice room 'til I die.
B: 4 point whatever million for Corey Hart. Like everyone said this past winter. What a bargin!!
oh shut up cam. Lol and this convo is over
thanks for the rt
I just sent a workshop/presenters request app to ! Looks like it will be an awesome event!
The phrase "I know a guy" always makes me uncomfortable...especially at 9:30 in the morning
ooh yay I love armchair psychology from people I've never actually met before!
Ha..i dont know what i would do without kid cudi & my bong
That's for sure. Heh. RT : You.
So my bro is dating a girl with my mothers name, Alexandra.... Is that weird?
Knock that pussy out , yeah that just a lil cat nap.
We'll have to try at least one of these out w/ you all in the next few months-- looks like we may be leaving CA for a while.
Prom expenses are about to absolutely rob me
#MyFavoriteThingToDo is wear black socks :3
Raise your hand if you're interested in Friday or Sunday classes! (afternoons or evenings)
was about to show my Oakland roots up in that bitch
feel better laurrrreenn!
Big time Mina.
Bitches b looking mad dumb trying to b cute with a lil ass jacket on just to show they butt...
ill bring you dinner
#Badgers 17, #Illini 7 at second TV timeout. Illinois 2 for 9 from the field.
iLOVE ASAP ROCKY ASS :)
“A boy’s best friend is his mother.” Norman Bates, Psycho (1960)
. is doing some DAY DRINKING AND SLEEP EATING. Not sure if it's BYOSBF. (Bring Your Own Sleeping Bag of Food)
lol u be coo if you had someone to snuggle wit
9:45. Sigh. "Plague of Doves" is calling me.
lol that would be so kool... but i would call catwoman,,,😝
There is evidence that the children of women who are obese when they get pregnant have lower cognitive function.
You ready for tomorrow night games
Absolutely, it is also good to see a woman that is so passionate about football....fantasy champ!
I'm not sure if you've seen the statuette or not, but you're just going to make a mess.
I completely agree. Love the new avatar pic, too!
it’s our Human talent.
If u aint say thanks an i told u happy mothers day i hope ur kid fuckn dies lol
Brunch was awesome! Then picked up some closeout books at Borders, a new squeeky toy and kibble for Ruby, and then groceries.
Just today. It's always the Thursday soup of the day. Stop by!
People roll their eyes and groan when they think they can't do it or are too lazy to do it.
Great online game for Revolutionary War- www.mission-us.org
Good just,my ex boyyfriend asked me out again!! :\
They have the worst cust service EVER!!! But i mean they wear that hot ass hat and smell like COW all day.
makes me feel bad :/ & that im the bad girl :'/
enjoyed a great day!
CHIROPRACTORS - stop by booth #707 at the FCA National Convention. $25 Chiropractic kit available for FREE. www.sombraUSA.com
BTW closed invite for my birthday if I've invited you.
3rd car registered in under a year and currently hold the mayorship of the DC DMV on #foursquare #personalFail :(
mom comes in my room staring at my clothes for 2 minutes, "something's moving in there." and tries to find it. aka,don't take ambion.
RT : Bishop Gene Robinson, NY Faith Leaders to Deliver 20K Petitions to MSNBC Demanding It Take Hate Group FRC Off the...
Gonna try to join in via iPhone during Caillou
I love it when you talk that shit
Happy Fiscal New Year 2012 to my Twitter Followers
Whos your tiger rt : #RedSox trade Jeff Larish to #Pirates for cash considerations.
Love this
you're a natural
Hi Dan, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Q4 I'd be interested in a more systems librarian-ish job, so I hope there's still a need!
"Money is like manure. It's not worth a thing unless it's spread about, encouraging young things to grow." (fuller dialogue quote from H.D.)
#chiheritage starts with talking about the problematic mess of funding cultural heritage
I love you Jill!
make a new friend haha
love Sharon!
Holly Cole; vocal chords of pure gold!! lp
you and Rob are lucky I am not putting it on Facebook!
Hope you're ok when the Heat fall 0-2 on Wednesday!! :)
Fan on high just coolin
I don't know where he went, of all days..
Preperations for the #D3launch tonight The end of days will begin.......
that was the worst experience of my life
Andre Miller is still very good! Glad to have him back!!
yes, but can you say it properly. That guy bugged me w/how he said ukelele. Very smart though.
and thanks homey. for always showing love...no matter what's going on.
Left on Vermont w/ Alexis Marceaux & the Samurai | $10 | Doors 8PM |
I woke up to Green fog this morning & thought "We're really getting into St Paddy's Day." Then I realized it's not green on purpose
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Mikey dude you are so fucking awesome and I want to be like you when I get older.
please let me know if you find out anything more! I will look too.
the Temptations performed live on Dancing With The Stars tonight!!! :) love you!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
See my days are cold without you, but I'm hurtin while I'm with you
No problem. That still sounds like a great presentation! Looking forward to it.
Happy Friday!
Needless to say, healthy food creates healthy people.
Why thank you, Charlie. Your tweets bring a smile to this mom's face every day!
Super positive vibes today, lets make some music
In honor of anniversary, predicting 12-0 win over Herald in softball game.
I made it myself! :D haha
We're hitting up Linda's in Citrus Heights this Thursday! We'll see if it's as good as Zelda's pizza or not.
WOOOOOOI!!!! Make it happen today!! I believe you can do it! God KNOWS you can. Just felt the urge to throw a fist pump your way. ArmorUp!
Talking local biz on #WXXI 1370 AM @ 830. This week, we eat a lotta leftover ham.
At long last, " Sir," have you no sense of decency?
Lawd have mercy!! Daddy is tired!!! :-( I needs me a nap!!!
Last rehearsal tonight before heading into studio Sat 4 demo CD with
and quite delicious! :)
Whats good wit you, how you been?
same ish, different day! whats up with you?
Ive heard young love three times today, its starten to get worn out. I cant listen anymoree
Ronny Turiaf starting at center for #Heat tonight... Love that move, Joel Anthony provides great energy of the bench
Live in such a way that those who know you but don't know God, will come to know God because they know you.
MT : I declare this "line cook appreciation week!" The backbone of the kitchen, not often given the credit deserved.
Louisville getting 4 to 5 shots per trip.
Sometimes you have to make that decision about what is worth fighting for and what isnt worth fixing**
we will. Almost done. What email should we send them to?
get some tea
#MUSICNEWS Robin Gibb woke from coma to sound of his music
u stream
if it's anything like Ninja Assassin, I know I will...
Girl in Campion is listening to generic Indian music really loud. You know? Sounds like DINKA DINKA DINKA DONG on repeat.
(looks around) um, really? MT Facebook basically made every other social service completely irrelevant
yeah he's my guy though so its ok
Smelling good round here...Tis the season for BBQing !
to #speak @ Dept. of Homeland Sec Sci & Tech Div on #humantrafficking. DM us for info to bring Mike to your #conference #event !
So omw to work n a deer jump out n cross the road in broad daylight my sister said I thought tht was a dog
Yep. Not on all planes yet. It's $5 but free if you're a Rapid Rewards A-List member
*suggestions*... Interludes. Dance in the dark. More speeches. That is all.
i have to get a whooping cough shot tomorrow ):
#AVC2011 Having a blast - waiting for LTR manual rollout session!
He said ur mama pussy so hairy, you came out with rug burn ha
No grudge is worth holding onto esp since no minute is guaranteed!
What's that next to our name?! Looks like a registered trademark! ;)
thanks for the retweet yesterday
Awesome job uk.(: now come on murray.!
Thinking about the best online file storage solution. Has to be DROPBOX.. tried google, and others. DROPBOX is KING!
Maybe its the feeling; maybe its the freedom.<3
i crush em like a camel
we haven't seen you in the chatroom for a long time now
Well, "Fish are friends, NOT food!" :) Mom gets annoyed when the boys and I walk around singing "Just keep swimming.." ;) lol
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Summers over!:(...
I've never been the serious type... I'm definitely a fool at times.. Lol
Yippee, the insomnia fairy visited tonite. Apparently swimming 3200 yds did not help :/
Happy days are here again.
Nearly 600 Twitter followers! Pass along to your friends to share all the best in chic, budget friendly decor!
Somehow we get another mention of Justin Bieber.
yea!! RT : Now following
is this real?
I got 370,025 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run!
are you interested in co-writes?
haha while "air heart" would be appropriate. I kind of doubt she was the first person to break cloud cover :-p
is it possible to trade this Ghost Recon: FS 360 key I just earned for a PS3 one?
Wade is gonna shut EVERYONE up.
Let me find out
Just do it _Nike :D Hitting the bed .
“Girls want a lot of things from one guy while guys want one thing from a lot of girls.”
not sure. I had it written down but I can't find the paper anymore. It's really nice an cheap tho.
Hope Dudes from Hugo stretched their Hammies they are getting a workout
Up and at it, Louisville bound! 4 games today , can't wait to see the boys!
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
How I wish I was on EST for #MadMen premiere tonight. Guess I can wait another 2 hours after 1.5 yrs
i remember as a kid getting our hockey sticks and pucks at 'western auto'. these things were precious to us as we paid our own way.
I aint tryna be all that...
1 more thing bout trolling initially thought you were just looking for blog post. Couldn't tell if you authentically cared
Let's go Kansas!
😂😂😂 RT : Omg... My fat ass chipmunk cheeks keep ending my calls with my twin!! NOT COOL!!!
u always had my attention.. You are an awesome girl and never change for someone....
Cause I'm not in the mood to argue with nobody
oh honey...you know my world is yours...ALWAYS
Super Tuesday? Its Super Wednesday #iPad3 !
Can't wait to beat them at home.
yeah. No lie. Im sorry. :( I didn't forget about you. Just been super busy.
so embarrassing. The Red Sox are allergic to playing consistently good baseball. .500 or worse this yr.
"you've got to stay on your hustle until it's done." indeed!
You are too kind, thank you! Glad to hear you found #TRMA585 a valuable learning experience, Rebecca :)
Skipping to first lunch to be with my girlfriend(:
RT : Be mindful of what u toss away, be careful of what u push away, and think hard before u walk away
/ffweekend,missing big Pix on 99 wks.ext. look at who gets all 99 and who don't get all, why is this, Bias/Raisest or ???
I followed!
Well, I see Scott Walker's questionable ethics is racking up the bill for Milwaukee County tax payers. Again.
I'm bout to vote right now cuz!!!
930 in the AM for our arrival. Will have beer and a cheerful disposition.
I was performing on stage & enhancing my home voice over studio. I got rid of my old Android & didn't have a way to tweet
Hey thanks for the follow!
Bay City Storm
“: If monday's were a shoe, they'd be crocs...”
Thank you for the RT and support of !
And the next mans bitch runs the third man...
Just read over my past dozen or so tweets. Jesus , how have you people not unfollowed me yet? No skills.
Percussive repercussion syncopating Shabazz Palaces. Check out from our Puget Sounds collection. Ask for "CD PSM 185" @ the Media Center.
That is by far the wackiest shit I have heard all day. What in the fuck is that all about? And how is it dark?
sweet heart if anyone's ugly it's me not u
whether or not I could fit my fatass into a pair of old jeans, haha! They fit!
So you can marry your cousin in NC, but not your gay cousin?
"*actually* didn't feel it" as opposed to those times where I "*almost* didn't feel it", but actually did.
Lemme know how that is! Its been in my Netflix queue for months!!
I really want to get pair of rollerkates, old school, four wheels with a skate key, Punky Brewster Style.
What value does a cd even have these days?
I don't think I'd know how to act if I had a girl to tell me something like that. Guess it's always nice to dream, hope and wish:(
Her name is Suzzane Noblett. I figure if I am going to suck at golf, atleast I can look good doing it. I'm a thinker!
Thank you for the mentions today!
Jkjkjkjk I'm not single!!! :) a big misunderstanding hehe wow big word in a way!! :)
#FF Fabulous partners:
did u tweet that wit an attitude? Lol
Good morning all! What's on your playlist today?
Is atheism the newest addition to the American religious landscape. Courtney bender on the significance of the prayer upsurge for
Peet's Coffee. There is a location in West Hollywood.
Congratulations! A house for the family :-)
great seeing you tonight!
J. Hilton estimates first year of realtime operation=$15million.
Gotta go shopping. #desperate for clothes! D;
Morning!! :)) Today you should have a Apricot.
this doesn't surprise me about hockey at all. Have heard many stories about racist shit hockey fans shout at black players.
Shoutout to anybody getting hyphy with me today and tomorrow
I want more vera!
Thanks for the heads up. Fixed.
Would those 3 be pitching for the Sox?
on slickdeals,front page....not sure which to choose between 2 or 3
Only But I would love to reach out to more. Could you help me?
The new episode of doctor who was epic!
So help me god if I'm getting sick.
lolol, i knew you would get it.
Trying to learn Hebrew didn't realize just how deep the language is with the meanings
That WTF moment when you see someone cute on your timeline but then you in-large their AVI and BAM! Ugly as sh*t
Hrmm...you haven't been here lately. Just want to say hi, dearest.
Ah dang! Sorry to hear you can't make it.
The Bow Wow Club speaks to the Trayvon Martin situation and how the tragedy ripples out to their relatives and circle of friends. RIP
Applied Game Theory and Social Incentives for upcoming Smart and Social Grid 2.0 (DR 2.0 and Efficiency): coming soon an Intelen pilot study
as long as there aren't any Turkish bath houses
I'm hoping for the best, too, with this 3D. But I've been disappointed with 3D so much I'm preceding with caution.
can you post some imagines?
Nothing but chillin with the family today
Hey, do you have an address for hard-copy submissions?
Listening to the great Joe Lovano wail with the Westchester Jazz Orchestra. Great stuff
Kelly ( ) and I are presenting at 4pm on Sunday about Passive Programming for teens.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for the re-post, guys!
somebody tell Lebron to wake up, it is OK to be Great in great Moments...
Just noticed that I have a lot of pictures of my feet
Somebody that I used to know....
This says that in AZ charter schools are “public school[s] established by contract w/ a district governing board...
What's that at the bottom of the pool...
Interesting! There's version comparison capability and review/collaboration tools built into Sibelius First 7.
your son won't stop talking about a poopbutt.
The roof's on fire!
"Rollie Pollie Ollie" and "Bear in the Big Blue House" is what I'm watching on Youtube. I loved those shows so much! :D
Choosing between #TeenHoot or Valentines concert SO HARD lol
RT : There's a great deal going on around the world. Are you keeping up?
Hi Sarah! Glad you found the article helpful. Let us know how your branding efforts go - Best of luck!
done almost ran smooth over Fred this morning.
baby isn't giving up any of her secrets. If I had my way I would vote for May 1st.
Worked for me too.
Enjoying some subway ice cream!
oh yeah!!!
Word we should use more often : sleazy.
“ "A discouraged believer is a most unnecessary thing" Bill Johnson”
Just ate 1000 cookies. They were so little
Thanks to our new followers:
I want to go to a hockey game
Ask us about fund raising for your children's school, little league, Church. We would love to help and give back to the community
I miss my family soo much. I wish I could be there for you guys.
That has been my motto since I saw the film in '91.
Oh wait just a minute... Some people "check in" their real identity to locations that actually exist? For free?
even Jeremy seemed a lil dissapointed in her.
RT : Always, always follow your instinct. It was how I composed. I know it works!
I had the exact same reaction when I heard the news about Cheney. :-/
who Told you that lie me and can dismiss ppl
Thank you for sharing about my company's QA job openings for CF Devs!
I haven't been this happy in over a year, and it just keeps getting better and better<3
Where's MTV for this episode?
Finished Season 3 of Dexter. Last episode was definitely unexpected.
Hopefully I get called in tomorrow. My money making week.
world wide web search resulted in my feeling like a goober for not having known about that piece.
Damnn I missed it !
Thanks! It's kinda crazy after so long. Unrelated question: Do you do SM as part of your job?
Here's a fun question: anybody want to drive me to the E.R.?
Edgar Allen Poe, the poet. Poe is mascot
aye bro
Happy Mother's Day! :)
every time i think of you i burst into tears...IMISSU
thanks a lot:)
Don't hate, he deserves nice party since this has been so tough on him so far! ha ha
Looking for a toy or toys for your infant or toddler? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
RT : Never expect support from someone you've never supported.
revolution # 3 - the social networking revolution.
"You are the antidote that gets me by, something strong like a drug that gets me hiiighhh."
Waiting for Knight n Day impatiently!!!!
yes, please!
Two outs. Top 6. King 2, Churchill 2. King allows second (for now) unearned run on hit, errant pickoff and two ground outs.
Thank you for your brilliant, intuitive, and inspiring writing as I am learning so much from you!
How is it that I lose so much hair yet I STILL have such thick hair?!
Thanks for the RT!
New Bike Night feature, starts next week – Show us your Foursquare or Facebook Places check in, get an extra raffle ticket!
Finally saw the Harry Potter movie. I thought it deviated too much from the book, but was entertaining nonetheless. What are your thoughts?
you too'
Ty Stewart expressing optimism for poker #WSOP conference call
im going too screw this up. i already know... wrong decisions.
any word of when this is expected to be built/unveiled?
be sure to invite them back!
Been many times & don't remember seeing the term "hand-ripped noodles." As a good a reason as any to go back.
LMFAOO i miss You !!
but ll look like a clown xD
RT 2 more days until ATEC Scholarship apps are due. Use your spring break reprieve to work on an app, #EMAC students!
Do you need a "lift"?! We are #casting for a #beverlyhills #plasticsurgery show all about INJECTIONS! Men & Women who want to look younger!
. Seems it would be better to have something specific to ask to be sponsored for.
rt - "Do you think believes drugs should be legalized? " Drugs Shouldn't ! Bud is not a drug!! RT if agree
Thanks Ali!
bipolar disorder ?? Lol that pretty serious
forgot my pad - the gym won't be the same:(
ANYTHING under the stars at Otto is classic! I also liked the Dating Game and Fear Factor...
LOVE IT. LOVE IT!!!
So what will be the #USWNT away kit?
Not gonna lie...kinda emotional right now.
u r funny
Can you please tell me my future?
I hate when they're right
Rest in peace #AnthonyShadid, poetic journalist and witness. I picked up "Nights Draw Near" weeks ago. Will read in a different light now.
I played a couple of pieces last Sunday on my radio program (Sundays, 8 - 10PM, 90.5 FM)
she has a protected feed.
Follow Hes So Funny And Nice #KendallFollowRobert :)
Pints of Blue Bell Ice Cream are on sale. I need to avoid Publix...
Perhaps a misunderstanding. Dress sizes vary; choose a different type of goal.
thats not making me feel any better about myself.
Don't forget to check into #flacon2012 on FourSquare! Is it right that is the Mayor?
Heading to the #StateoftheDistrict - which should be called #StateoftheState ;)
Ron Paul to suspend campaign, in other news, the sky is blue.
Stealth train headed in my direction. Woo!
Going to bar 4. Come see our full band show at 10pm!
There's no hope for us.
May GOD BLESS Her Soul, Abhishek Bhai. GOD BLESS.
: Martina wasn't here, just her little cutie! And she is super adorable! Reminds me of the doll I nanny!
haha yes! Ready to crush this final?
I could sworn it was like 7:35 five mins ago!!!! Wtf happened man..day goin by way to fast O_o
or how many times you shit
That moment you realize you're crazy as fuck.
thank you!! And what's that? Lol
I like to play this game where I take 4 Xanax and try to finish masturbating. I win 78 percent of the time.
When I party.. I party hard. If you're going to do something, do it well.
Bring me food someone?
No #RedRyder as of yet, but I think I see something back there in the corner...
ok I'm off this weekend so let me know what your schedule looks like.
it's the style
When guys whistle at you and call you mamasita
NO, JIMMY PROTESTED!!
Black ppl will still support POTUS b/c we understand the political & racial implications of him not getting a 2nd term.
I just bought a print from Brandon Bird and told him how awesome he is.
Dead ass
HOTTN video is outstanding ! I think I broke the replay button! Lol! Please RT? Love ya (;
that wouldn't be a bad idea
Then follow that up by standing in a second pose for an additional five minutes as you power up your beam attack.
YEAH GIRL, write that future memory! I love it! Such an amazing practice for everyone to do.
So when you're lost and you're tired. When you're broken in two. Let my love take you higher. 'Cuz I, I still turn to you. ♥
that is because you didn't wait until the crowd left- I'll give you one ;-) Tell me size and style - I love longtime fans!
like, how do you just throw your 16 year old son out of the house because he's gay. wtf.
Oh my god. When I searched "My Suicide" on Netflix, "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic" was the first result.
Whatever you do: don't imagine Yoda's voice when you read Gerard Manley Hopkins. You can't unhear that. Ever.
All kids deserve a high quality education...
Now give me money so I can lie to you.
Off to work I go .. todays gonna be a great day
A baby died here in Washington recently of whopping cough -- have to wonder if anti-vaxers helped that happen.
you suck
Yeah, not much unfortunately...good luck!
Gettin sentenced for man slaughter isn't bad....(: only on Lifetime!
Let he who is without Sin cast the first Stone...
Behind the Paywall at Glenn Beck&#39;s Confounding Web TV Network
Who wrote those "co-sign" lyrics for #SWV. That messed up an otherwise good sounding song!
These storms are crazy, time to get in a bed with the fan on :) bur
Thanks for the spreading the word about #socialanxiety support.
Well, my footlong Pizza Sub could not have had less pepperoni on it, and the napkins they gave me smell like burning plastic.
so glad you're here! Now it's a PARTY!!
Love park n ride... #pittsburgh would be a better place if there were more parking/riding & less driving!
I miss the farmer's market at
Padme looks stunning
. it's design for learning that's the key. I agree that online+offline maximizes design options/opportunities.
Last night I went to the best show I have been to in a while - The Rapture at
Can't wait for
Productive evening, lots of emails written and answered, Have a evening, back at it again tomorrow. Good night all!
HE JUST CALLED US 12 YEAR OLD GIRLS.
Currently 8+ helicopters hovering over dtla right now
Oh, shit. RT : New special: Meatball Sub--only $2.49/$3.49, baked meatball, marinara and provolone on a soft sub roll-delicioso!
Those people exist?
Are you willing to starve rather than quit? If so, then success is all but guaranteed for you. 100% commitment is all you really need.
Me too. Well looks like were under a Tornado Watch, but from how I'm seeing it on the Radar the heavy stuff is heading-
sounds good you won't be disappointed, yummmmie
#nba maybe the fans should show their outrage with all this high price jerseys and tickets sales the fans should hold their own lockout
the song lyrics with the hashtag #LiveMyLife !!! (the song!!!
Should have stayed in bed and slept all day.
Damn you really don't realize that you do the things that you make fun of other people for doing.
Well done Kevin! Whatever part you end up in you will have a blast!
Follow these folks to save some money!
Correction: has ZERO respect for teachers....unless they are willing to work for next to nothing.
Skins draft QB in 4th round? Is Shanahan crazy? How about some blockers or some defensive players or even a RB? Man!!
Read my book, meditated, and now snuggled up in bed. Time for sleep, re-applying at my old job in the morning! Let's hope I get my job back!
can't wait for Harper and Mason 👶👶
Silva/Sonnen July 7 in Vegas, r u going?
>> Apple innovation has peaked...haha.
Girls hoops: Heritage Christian leads Barneveld 28-18 at half.
Pour one out for our homie MCA. The R in A+R is proudly wearing her Beastie's t-shirt in memory of 1 of the greatest acts, & her 1st concert
merry me bo0
i follow you
Editing lecture audio. Yawn.
for you true jazz heads...you have to check out 's album Day One...wow!!!
Yes, the entire reason I moved to NYC was because of how bad the Padres were ;-)
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code.
Secret Roast-Pork Recipe Carries $1.8 Million Price
Oh mayor they're not there any more! :( RT : Try Newark Art Supply : somewhere my students can buy school supplies.
I'm flying around and i'm shittin I'm flying around and i'm shittin I'm flying around and i'm shittin Cause i'm a pidgin
I don't want to close my eyes i dont want to fall asleep cause I'd miss you, babe And I don't want to miss a thing
Thanks! <3 #2000late RT : Thanks to my Microsoft Paint skills, now has a new & improved profile picture & wallpaper!
Why the fuck is there snow -.-
thank you for the follow
you guys are awesome. I don't say it enough, bit THANK YOU both for all you have done for me and
You guys. Me and held hands. *giggles*
Responsive design is like a religion for front-end developers; users don't care, says
I'm so excited that is showing The Band's Visit!
New years tonight ? Gonna be a kick ass night !
Been getting involved more and more in school. Taking a PHP class now :3
so sore from sober softball!
haha ok. I will :)
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. ~ E.E. Cummings
RT if you are at !
haven't been on this for a cool minute .
how many jobs is this creating?
I miss listening to MCR. Gonna do that all day today.
too late to let anyone know. But thanks for the heads up.
awesome! Glad to hear stars are lining right
omg I don't even remember it was a while ago
Hurricane Irene ! Im ready . . . .
It is only when they use CST that they realize the #communications inadequacies and gaps that exist
Headin to Charleston for the last meal of the vacation. South Carolina seafood. Wouldnt prefer it anywhere else! 🐠🐟🐙🐳🐬
Tonight on we're joined by Travis Tuttle, and Verona baseball coach Brad D'Orazio. Starts at 7pm.
are the top 15 BFD bands gonna be announced on soundcheck tonight?
#Rager txt me if you're interested
I know as #Patriots fans, we're a bit sensitive now, but "butterfinger" stunt in Boston and others like it are pretty tacky
Bitches Tryna Shoot Meet With Potatoes..!
You make a good case- might have to go with too close to call.
The stupidity that is displayed in the comment section on ESPN website is UNMATCHED!!
smile...sparkle...shine!
There should be a rapist who rapes people who rape people, to teach em a lesson.
What is it like to feel healthy, rested and energetic? I can't recall.
so effin cute!
Is a sweetheart (:
Got my pay roll from work and its all gone know bills suck lol
Afternoon off. Abandoned errands and opted for for the pool since it's not packed and sun is shining. Hope the sun is here to stay finally!
Why thank you my dear.
I want a new apartment that I can decorate and spend all my money on!
I'm ready to just jump off the tobin
Life becomes a whole lot easier when you look at all of the positives. Words can't express how excited I am for to be at Metro.
possible, probable, maybe. Depends on where you do your drinking.
Lol you need to hush! I jus been kinda busy thats all :)
RT : A #Sagittarius loves to flirt in a subtle manner in public places.
Next Show this tuesday 5/2 at 8pm! .love.
For fans of The Office fans... We thought you would like this- Pim and Jam
Lin's Bin on tackles #linsanity! BRILLIANT!
Hi ALL did you have a chance to check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
it's were u check are tweets and we put out a contest from each group member....we put out hints to help with the answer but......
Passion can hurt when it is difficult to achieve
A band on #SharkTank ? What happens if one of the members takes up heroin?
Lmfao okay! then i have to remind myself to get money for ana's mountain dew! :P btw i think i only passed science sol. :P
Oops! You caught me laughing at my own jokes. How embarrassing. LOL!
It's a red ale and it's darker than Spotted Cow. I go for it occasionally.
My 4 year old son always calls him "The Credible Hulk". All attempts thus far to explain have failed.
omg i did to! and we have art next
My dad goes running at 9... As long as I get to see 's performance. Then will I go!(x
Last game of , the season today . ( :
I want to win the contest from &
Can you guess which state has the lowest overall tax burden for entrepreneurs?...SD! (from small business & entrepreneurship council)
what's on agenda for the day in Richmond
TOLD THE WIFE WE'RE GONNA DO SOME ROLE PLAYIN TONIGHT @ CASA FIERE: IM A SLAB OF BILL'S DRY AGED PORK RIBS, SHE'S STILL USELESS
Yay, I dreamed about programming all night.
No BYOB restaurants in Des Moines?
I know what I'm getting though:)
A Haiku: Sleep you elude me. You are my best frenemy. My Regina George.
I just had a chicken club sandwich and it was awful. Are the only good things available on your dollar menu?
Waaahhhhh I meant 6001st I suck butt
Brooks Conrad is older than me.
Hair long, ass fat,shawty mean.
thanks for your support... always
lmfao it's like, Nah it's cool I lost my penis, but I still want pubic hair! Wtffff like anyone's gonna go down there anymore
They keep calling me Jenna
Always be in an environment where people trust you.
Hold UP! HOLD UP! HOLD UP!
My thoughts exactly
Not only Sexy Sexy Sexy, shes one of the coolest ladies on twitter, follow her get promos, follow back and New Followers.
Morning all! Today we should all Get Up & Go Harder and also HU$TLE HARDER.
Superhero Hype has confirmed said sequence's appearance at the end of the credits of The Avengers that people overseas didnt get to see
Hi there!
ya I choked the first one down!
#RonPaul gingerly bows out
I remember when I was younger i used to say 'hurted' a lot. xD
fair enough, and I certainly would let any of my ducks drive my Benz if they ever won me a national championship.
I completely agree.
in a month or two! B Ready!
Big day today today. Target, maybe Idea...
Haha! Just ignore me! Some total shockers right in the beginning...
Sounds good! =)
Whatever works for you. Just hang in there.
“: #Mavs giving away 20,000 'All-In' tshirts for game 3. (no , I will not grab u one)” hahaha fish takin jabs at LO
Aw :) You'll be back.
On Google+ aim for on-topic/off-topic ratio of 80/20 says
Wow! Its almost 5am. This is what happens when take nyquil and you nap all day. Gnight(mornin) folks!
dang... and he might buy you one??
That's right. 6-8K here.
Packing for the IUG conference in Anaheim. Not sure I'll ever be ready.
Getting ready for band rehearsal... so much fun.
I love those things in the Trading Shadows audiobook! Its so raw & real and they're the bg sounds to your everyday life. :)
I was in Napa for several days. Did I miss anything?
Yes, please, and thank you. Dare Iz A Dark Side stays in heavy rotation. “: Can we get some new Redman?”
it was so cold in SB last night I had to break out a blanket to go on top of my sleeping bag.
hey man I am not far behind you. Talk is I will have a embedded defibrillator in my chest soon.
You are a grown man. Stop playing with your silverware
I get what he's saying and he does have good points. Too lazy to write a response though lol
Sure followed,follow back? :)
#wronglyconvicted & another day wasted in prison :( Think.n of you W.chadevanswronglyconvicted.org
I'm just about to attempt my formula in Excel - I don't have high expectations ;)
#fact. u shd c our building! decided 2 fightback & leave his bicycle outside
the one thing you haven't broken are my friends. that's why I have the strength to get through this:) #therapy:)
Yeah, shame, way too young. All good here, how are you keeping?
Yes it is! And you are really good! Are you signed?
prayers for my family please.
#happythanksgiving you filthy animals....
This always happens to me when i at a friends house. Me:" Omg I <3 this song so much!"My Friends:"How is this good?"Me:"It gets better!"
What's racecar spelled backwards? ;)
finally gave the dog a bath!
My previous search, I should say. From whose results I am clicking on "new search." Adds, like, whole seconds to my searches.
RePEc is an example for an Open Library, loosely defined w OSS principles.
appreciate it brotha.. Good luck with ur 2nd feature.
Have you ever worked with people who are extremely annoying? Makes you want to scream!
on live now with Jennifer Griffin & husband Greg Myre about their book "This Burning Land" with www.radiokolamerica.com
#LetsBeBlunt I hate ugly websites!
Where the hell is that?
Have everyone laughing at you
with there consistently good output, most definitely. I can't think of another company that is that consistent with their talent.
Just finished mastering 2 new songs for Rickie Fox. Let's render some video files from NTSC to PAL now... how fun is that?
It is safe to assume that you cannot assume anything when it comes to airline travel!
Junk food, movies and the couch al day
Hey retailers: ever think of "unlocking" a special if you get enough RT's? great idea from Twitter's
I bet you were speeding out of Charm City after that loss.
Thank you all for coming to last night! Check out #chrispierce next thursday singing the sounds of the 60s!
Student from a virtual Georgia charter school
Bears finally starting to turn it on. Come on, Bears!
Hi EVERYBODY...it's the WEEK-END !! YAyyyy.. show someBody some LOVE & BE SAFE...LAUGH a LOT LOT LOT...N Give YOUR NEIGHBOR A HUG :-))))))))
Its finally sunny again in Baltimore!
have fun!!
how r u
unbelievably awesome.
You feed it once and now it stays.
Damn you Shonn Greene!!!! Score a TD! I'm losing here asshole!
im in kansas and ts FREEZING today its sposed to be 20 degrees f
How to back up iphone?
Remember, if you are in the #Boston area, visit #NNRC in the exhibit hall at the show. Ends Oct 15.
I'd seduce him no doubt
tatas , chichi's , tits , boobs, breasts, fun bags
Would you work for a company that makes you sign into your facebook on a job interview?
Agreed, Amsterdam is an overlooked gem. Music blows away the lyric though. Wish DLR was the co-writer. Great TMS Saturday!
watever u do dont fall u could die
when we registered tho biopharm wasn't even offered for everybody
#10thingsihateaboutyou: You tell me you miss me, but won't make the effort to see me.
the dude from bad boy who became a priest or somethin .. He could rap well tho
is on timeline now, oh boy!
too funny!
yep! Were a new atlanta group were now starting mi names Taqwila they call me qwilz lol.
Now things get inter'sting.
yes miss
I've been tryin to hang with him for like two weeks! Tonight may be our night
“: Husband is 30 pages from end of SPELL BOUND. His verdict: "This is REALLY good, but there is WAY too much kissing." Me next!
Ok then I need to decide between that and an iPad... which do you think?
Closed LONG $EURUSD for -26 pips loss; 33% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
Horan the world?! CURLS! Hahaha had to say that(:
Spear and Mission, 11:45-2pm. A little drizzle don't make these pies fizzle.
Happy Hour bound wit the Ladies!!!
When you're at McNally's tonight at 9:30 for vs make sure you get yourself a sweet CoMo Cauldron scarf!
lol yea yea
Cool! Are you in Gastown? Should be down there Friday afternoon.
when r u gonna do another live chat?
I am going to just bring a purse with paper, a pencil, and Gone with the wind for now on. 👜
tonight will probably require bro'ing out.
I'm curious about the circumstances of his being the father of Leonard Cohen's grandkid.
I'm dating Niall. He just pretends he doesn't know me cos he doesn't want me to get hate. Such a sweet boy :')
We should have a support group.
Sometimes, entrepreneurs have to do it all, especially for a start up like Pay Per Visit Email. Today is my day to pay the bills..
I missed something: you weren't in Nashville all this time were you? I was tired after two days out. Welcome home!
NY Shump goes down bad looking knee injury too. Damn 2 down?! So painful seeing it
Make the best of your workouts... Try Flo Fusion Fitness.. If you don't like it you get your money back no questions asked...
It feels like feathery dust everywhere.
Besides the greed why the fuck do gop have no damn desire for clean energy? They always want to drill.
yeah thats how the mind of some men work
its all over the news. Waiting to hear from the president
Yo I got 200 now y'all should be telling me good job or somethin lol
Ryan dunn died
After watching my 9 year old play Midnight Club, I've decided she won't get a driver's license until she's 30.
Speaking of bed. Let me get going. Need some rest. ☺
What's that, Sean Bean? Over the hills and far away?
I love those people who just make my day <3
Can't wait to hear about it! RT : thanks for honoring us with largest next/Alinea menu to date!
Going to Barnes and nobles to pick up my 50 shades trilogy &&&& the other book I ordered ;)
I just read the quotes on the tumblr and decided that would be good enough.
“: Good luck to this weekend in her track meet at Michigan!! Proud of you!! #GoBobcats” thanks!!
to ice the game. DUH
Just made a chocolate cream pie for dinner party tomorrow. Trying to entertain more, but can only fit six people at a time at the table.
Why is 7-11 coffee so . . . something!
Tonight's #NewYork sports exceeding available screens. #Capitals #NYR #Knicks #Heat #Mets #Astros #Yankees #Orioles. What u watching?
Another #random tweet... I just saw a pic of at the #kentuckyderby & I'm loving her hat! #awesomeness 👍
BF and I got a 2011 Crown Vic rental at SFO a few weeks back. I swear you couldn't tell it was made this decade.
WEAK that their lawyers made you pull it down.
Now you just acting retarded.
yes, I agree! Best of luck! You're going to make a profound positive impact on students no matter where you end up!
could quite happily spend the rest of the day in the bath.
did you fall off the twitter wagon? Hardly see you tweet anymore.
Great 79-76 OT win over Cincy by Marq! Mr. and Sir Lazar Hayward (what, no twitter?) were huge & DJ-O, too. WE ARE MARQUETTE!
You could fill a room With all the hearts you stole
Sunny >>> Rainy
never too old for children's books :)
and shoutout to you for following back sir.
See #Thethingis you will always play girls.
you're welcome. Hope you had a great day!
"Good" music should have real emotional content at ALL times,if not it is worthless noise
Gun's and Rose's!!
RT if you're still awake (:
was just filling in :)
damn straight! Celebrating championships n holeshots!
dee gordon just homered....ok pujols now it's just getting even more hilarious
Damn right. I frigging hilarious. RT : your pal is a joke. not reading ur posts for next 90 days. u suck
“The First WE WILL STOP giving our valuable attention to idiots!” Just started to listen… and i already like it
Another day, another video. Off to for next week's entertainment shoot!
Hobbies: Use vintage embroidered fabric scraps for embellishments
awesome music project we should chat! My app is very different now but I have an 'ear' in that direction!
No matter how great your idea ... does it scale? Beth Comstock,
What is everyone doing for the Oscars today? Big deal? No big deal? Just an excuse to gather and drink while it's on in the background?
Yup Didn't make the team Looks like no baseball for me this year.....
Wild just fired doug riseborough
I don't really like Ohio State, but it is always a good day when #Duke gets run out of an arena.
$1000 for the jeans Do the money walk
You guys did a great job w/ #GRC11, really looking forward to #PAC11!
Hey Darlin'! Gonna send my pics in. Mine's raging right now. Yeee-haw!
RT : vetoes bill from directing Va. Edu Board to develop phys ed plan for schools.
yay! And I cant do anything , like stay the entire day in my house -_-
Guy at Lowe's: "50 ten-foot PVC pipes? What are you building?" Me: "A human wall."
I love The man is a genius. I really want him to direct my film.
I couldnt imagine anything without you
Sometimes bad grammar is on purpose so as to be cute, right? Right...? RT im new to it so i dont have no friends on it yet :(
Thanks dude :) Have a fantastic Thursday!
Thinks she's narrowed in on a sandwich idea for Malcolm's birthday picnick. This one's going to be good!
has FREE Sunday concerts 1-4. After the show, stop by Anthony’s for your favorite seafood dinner. See you there!
hahaha. now go scoop the poop.
Only 2 hours until the Christmas Tree Lighting! So pumped!
“: If Paul McCartney songs "hello goodbye" I will LOSE it.. Love that song!” I love that you love that! And Adele! I respect you!
Yovani = still ace of staff..
Shoot Out to all my new Followers... Just Mention me if you want me to FollBack.. (^^)
twitter is not the place sir
Tomorrow I get my general exam on info during disasters; y is it also a day of protest on the internet & a snow storm in Seattle?
#RAYJ gonna pull a drive by on fab LOL R&B THUG
sent you a DM. Please let us know if you have any questions!
Well then get to wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah!!!
I am, I am. This is just so boring!
Saturday Night PARTY! VEGAS STYLE!! HOTTEST AND YOUNGEST GIRLS IN TOWN!! Contact me for FREE limo service...
StartupLive: 9 months of gestation. One month of life today - Happy Birthday, baby.
I think Mark Mcquire is genuinely sorry for the steroid thing.....He's a good man.....God Bless him........lets move to another story
Sign up and Listen Live www.iBand.me
Plus, if you went to the Caps game with me you could dress up in RED. With your skin tone you would look so hottie tottie!
May be wearing my tattered Edmonton Oiler touque thus winter with extra pride - #1 team in the NHL right now!
Have the courage to believe. No matter what the circumstances dictate; have the courage to believe what God has spoken is coming to pass. RM
Why do I connect Football with food? If my doctor knew what I plan on eating tomorrow he would slap me.
mwah im so excited baby girl :*
Just biked up the bel air 'pyranees' in homage to Contador's performance today.
do your homework
Unlock your potential by letting go of the past. Go to www.industrydeal.com today to get a sweet deal on my Opening to Love Program.
Thanks for featuring DealAngel in your blog post! I am very happy you liked it!
It was obvious that Kevin Spacey was Kaiser Soze RT : Ketchum Hunger Games fans... can we discuss? What did we all think?!
Interest Rates Are At a all Time Low, Now is a Great Time To Refinance or Buy a Home. www.newbridgehomeloans.com
"Music, true music, not just rock and roll... it chooses you."
No worries. We enjoyed the Jailhouse.
Why do guys call girls "females"? Like honestly just call me a girl...
Just Do It! Make a $5 donation to the Japanese relief effort and Living Social will match your donation....
mother, I can tell what you've been thinking
Alright, enough messing around..Time to chalk up, tape up and get this workout done! Adapt or DIE
you were jealous of his originality. Admit it.
i'm drinking a MILDLY caffeinated tea right now - shit, i'm already cheating!
So proud of my lady and her first launch party of her company.
Aww that's sad, we liked her, but she wasn't a necessity to the show I think.
Hugh Jackman and Neil Patrick Harris in a song battle over who can host the Tony's better? --- God, I <3 Broadway :D
Oh Yeah! Love pix of cum seeping out of holes; live RT even better!
watching never say never on Netflix
Maybe Colton and Matt could tag team! Lol!
and can you some how get Louis to follow me I love him but he doesn't notice me I know he has other fans but he is my love!!!!
": Just saw a preview for teenwolf!!! Omg omg omg omg...." you totally just fangirled over Teen Wolf. Forever loving you.
ah yes, the moss curtain
drake is sexy !
Go Giants- have a great Sunday Funday! :)
where at again?
#blend12 workshops are free! No registration needed!
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
That awkward moment when the dentist asks you a question while their hands are in your mouth..
God is faithful, God is always there for us, but we need to accept Him and follow Him and keep Him first.
Hm. Well, it's not important. We have a new site and it is good.
WITH BRITNEY MURPHY,WE BLOWIN HERSHEY
One thing is sure: There is no one like #Messi in the modern game. He stands above all the rest at this moment.
New Hair Mag at UpDoZ.com Looking for Stylist Submissions + Designer Input & Cover Ideas / Themes - Stylist Competition Coming May 2011
yea she did..!
don't you have enough jobs boo?? Lol!
Hey #Chicago get ready for MVP Summer Sessions! New Venues, crazier parties! Coming at ya soon! <3 this weather! :)))
" i wish you could see me now. i wish i could show you how..i'm not who i was."
come hang out sunday at before we call it quits. OK I'm just being dramatic.
Hotter than a flame but i do not know her name ....
Wow,what a shitty day!!
Ahaha! I used to have a sleeping problem! I think I still do! hehe. :]
if you can cope with your problems without smoking, i respect you.
and last year’s leaves are smoke in every lane
Everytime I c a cute guy I look like crap haha o well
Making friends with a cat is a lot tougher than hitting it off with a hooman, or just about any other species outside the reptile world.
Happy Birthday to !!
It's been a long day..... Still tweaking up this new Myspace. When will it end?
Full of dim sum, drinking ginger tea and working on some new music.
i think i almost died from food poisoning yesterday
"No, but once I danced with a guy in a devil mask under a blacklight...Does that count?"
yess! I don't know what I'd do without you on here to laugh at ma jokes.
what a bum.
Fantastic! I hope it got people stoked for/inspired to participate in critically-informed production.
#athletanyc to support BOL students for a semester!!!
You are once again correct. Thank you Mr. Hairsplitter!
they got that shit
Thanks for tweeting!
can't sleep my son is upstairs in his room singing Yankee Doodle Dandy or something! Watching Live from The Masters!
Five dollar tattoo.
I was once told by my Nigga meech , you feed a sucker they just grow To be a bigger leach
no. that crunch sound. it makes me blind with rage. HATE. (i do like kit kats tho...)
not for long
By far the best thing TV has done in years. Nice.
interesting ... I never suggested Americans want to go into Syria. We don't. But who else could actually help? So sad.
Adams Morgan has been thru a lot. Th rise of U St and Columbia Hgts. And perpetual road construction
Might have to make an Arby's run tonight, you guys. Thanks
Hey chris when you read this please do not ignore may you please follow me buddy your so cool and i want to be bros with you.
I speak on a smaller scale, because there also always are good people in the world too.
i swear. my dad is such an idiot.
I love "30 Rock," but the live episode was unwatchable. Why are they doing another one?
What to do today
that was hilarious i was dying haha
I know that looking for a job is a full time job, but what is the schedule?
If doesn't respond to soon, all hell is going to break loose. Full wrath.
-I love so hard you think I'm stupid, but it's a fight I don't mind losin-
Understandable. I have gluten intolerance and can relate. It might be something you reference on certain days, not all the time.
I #Love #Quran and we #Read Quran #daily and #tell u Read to
Please do not talk about the Bucks anymore. Your uneducated opinions really magnify your ignorance on the subject.
1450 Studio in amazing building E50th.. renting by the end of today or tommorow. Hit me up to view.
You're never too old to become younger.
Really hoping for Brauns sake that he doesn't go from Hebrew Hammer to Herpe Hammer...
Yes! Beer now!
Eating, by the fire with the Chardonnay . c;
hahaha! theres not :( its a small apartment soo its just enough for me and my mom :P
Just heard on the news that stress is more harmful to women. Routine massages can help decrease the stress on your body and mind.
att. Mike Neal right?
Exhibits are now open! REMINDER: Today from 2pm-4pm is the spotlight on Adult Lit. Exhibits close today at 5pm.
awesome new profile pic!
I hot boxed my room that I started crying while smoking the blunt still 😚💨💚💚💚
President Obama on Immigration Reform: "the right thing to do" and "smart for our economy."
MKE's North Shore Library has a nice program for new babies where after 3 visits you get a free board book & sippy cup. Target sponsors it.
No turkey lftovrs today. Tried the bacon,cheddar,PEANUT BUTTER burger at AJ Bombers. Yeah, it works.
Hey , I'm willing to make this road trip RT : Notre Dame vs. Navy Sept. 1 from Dublin, on Sept. 1 at 9 am ET
All my favorite big ten teams have caved. Time to read a book.
Idk why everyone is concerned about Koney the guy lives in Africa what about all the homeless, poor, starved, and dying people in the U.S.?
This is horrible. Nuggets getting ass raped.
Watching one of my all time favorite movies: Sleepless in Seattle. Can I live there please?
when did you get glasses?
Just put in the order at photoworks. My first piece is going up friday. Beyond excited!
ugh, you're annoying .
Listening to makes my day better, even when I'm feeling sick :)
I'm so very sorry I've been MIA, I'll try to be on soon, really miss ya! Hope you have a great XMas too!
give me details please!!!! ;-D
A young man I know at work died on Tuesday. Was sad until I found out how. Now, I am devestated.
Thanks for the RT : #win a copy of “The BugaBees” #book sequel “The BugyBops” by
Satanic hispanic
haha. Well put. It was great to see you tonight. I can't wait to share the wobble vid with friends.
yes! That's awesome!
oh but you'll totally be tweeting from work.
make a wish. 
If you're not loving the iPad keyboard yet you might be interested in our typing training app: www.flairify.com
Hope you never have to use it! Be safe out there!
I need bed!
The efficacy of my brain is directly related to the amount of sweat in my training.
sweet and your from the bay area even better. I will hit u up with more details when I figure out what song to do and when
I sent the email to Austin about 24 hours ago-.- email me back already. . .gar
yaaay!:) how do you know her?
Are NFL teams going to start playing flag football? Will the officials throw a flag on every tackle of every game? Is football dangerous?
lol get up n kill that mug
... But my roommate really just ordered a prostitute..
where do you work?
Good job #broncos keep running on first down, you might fool them..
Boom. 1 more baby.
Good Evening Hope you enjoy our twinning related tweets! Watch this space for Last Night at the Proms news 28th Jan 2012
Bed early. CrossFit early.
School ina few hope the day goes well
remove it off
#Geeks rule!
Good Morning! It's such a wonderful week! Loosing weight before the cruise!! Can't stop now, I've lost 4.5 lbs!! Yes! But now the weekend...
Copaganda: The misinformed belief that 1 bad cop means they're all bad cops!
RT "I will remember these last ten days for the rest of my life. It was a rare display of being the best we can all be."
I don't understand how a nigga can be posted on a block all day but u always broke
dont steal his tiger
And the weed purple like a black girl pussy.
The name Arianna comes from the Italian origin, meaning very holy.
- keep me in the loop!
Great #Foodie session last night #SPJWash. Thanks Key takeway = Follow your passion!
back on twitter =]
Website is up and live.. Go check it out!! www.nwboatsports.com big thanks to the Miller family on getting this site up and rocking!!
Use your website to track customer behavior.
my new #nokialumia 710 brings me much joy.
that shit wack lol..... But he did fuck tony Allen up .... Kinda how I use to have y'all niggas lol
I'm doubting the mc only version Did you look at the practice test? I think we will be graphing our butts off!
It's 3:46 am and I'm at work. That can only mean one thing: SNOW COVERAGE!!!
I passed my tests. I have my cdl permit. Whew! I'm glad that's over?
Enjoying Lo mein and dumplings for dinner
naw just tweet as spam. Tmz more reliable the the Washington post.
Are you, by chance, all out of bubblegum?
America's Game with your Super Bowl champion Packers premiers tonight at 9PM ET on
Never once have I read a newspaper article, glanced down at the comments and thought, "That really added something to my reading experience.
I'm ready for it!
Actually, we let the friendly, conquered natives do that.
#beforeIDie have the courage to put one of my songs on youtube.
This girls voice reminds me of somebody I don't like (-_-)
Yay! mentions Spokane Historical as an example of innovative public engagement!
Welcome to Los Angeles Chris Paul!!!!!!!!
New IPad for Christmas and watching the Packers!! Great day!! Merry Christmas!!
Great Quote!
omg i am getting justin biebers movie tomarrow...cant wait 2 hours and it will be out.........
That awkward moment we you have to adjust your lobe when you lay down on your side.
Ditto. RT : Enjoyed quality time w/ and need more of that in my life!
Truly! RT : Fiesta! Reception at Casa Esencia w/ all those cosy little rooms and a PHOTO BOOTH = The. Bestest. Ever.
Rearranging journals to fit 2 new vols on shelf. Colleague: "I've never seen you do actual work before!" Self: "This is the first time."
Hahaha, I love how everyone paused HUSTLERS LOVE ATL to figure out last tweet. RESUME. :P
Tax prep on the cheap - 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
": I Think I Made A Major Mistake Last Summer... Doing What I Did!" what you do ?
you have no reason to act this way.
New #SharkTank baby!
Rock & roll keeps you in a constant state of juvenile delinquency.
watching baby boy w
24 Hours of The Best of the Small Plate Radio Network - live right now - www.sprnetwork.com - now playing: Job Search Radio
“: Started focusing on my inward self and who I want to be. #betteryourself”
love u
At the drive-in, a gaggle of children singing "don't stop believing" off-key at the top of their tiny lungs.... AWESOME!
I sorta forgot you were on Twitter.
- we need to link up on sum music
Who's all goint to Club Interlude tomorow?? HMU If going might go 2 get things off my mind )); </3 hmu 4 info and flyers
Congratulations on the seed money. If we can ever help, please let us know!
I like losing my phone... New start New Toy
Just call me "Mockingjay"
Can't tell whether the person driving behind me is an old lady or a small child
The world is about to be #BLIND-SIDED by
I want a chest tattoo.
Baristas that serve coffee drinks filled to the brim and then tops it with whip cream spilling the hot drink
leftovers!! I'll only eat one if that lol
"Its t-shirt time" lmfao (: can't wait ...
Maybe, maybe not. Let's find out.
Getn money friday. Spend it saturday is tomma. And swangn sunday is comn soon....mad monday tha day afta
thats That's the truth ! Cocky dumb bitches !
Hi Walter! I do PR for Will we see you at Webbinno on Mon? Is Twitter the best way to get in touch? Thx!
#bigGayAl #terrytoughguy I'm super thanks for asking...5 beers deep and counting
Though I do enjoy the daily ice tea delivery from Urth.
LOL that happened to me the other day too, but I thought my sales lady was going to cry too
Black Friday Weekend Paper Jamz deal! Use coupon code:blogpromo10 for an extra 10% off!
Rocky Mountain Diner in Downtown Denver to close.. Sad News! Http://bit.ly/ihRzVl
Screenwriter spotted.
feeling warm and fuzzy
Holy friggen viscous intentions lol I like the new format!
Truth. RT : "Please check back later", really isn't appropriate for a web thing in 2012.
I wonder if my plugs are here(:
i've talked to her about some of this stuff. she's pretty frustrated too. not sure if she would want to get involved again
♪Freddy and His Mother - "Fambly 42"
his eyes. <3 Makes the stars look like they're not shining (;
Has anyone built a good Test Runner plugin in #SublimeText2? Not worried about the language... just wondering if it's possible.
#ReasonIAmLateToWork Skunk got in my house and sprayed all my uniforms!
arrrrrrrggghhh : The theme this year is Pirates of the Cowibbean! Get out your eye patches and get ready for some fun!
Interesting article in Sports Illustrated about process Manning used to ultimately choose Broncos. Stealth & diversion. Like a spy novel.
Games games games
what about Missy?
fuck are you talking shit for when i'm sleeping in the other room? your loud as mouth woke me up ahole.
Amen. We're 4 weeks away. After 8 1/2 years together...I suppose I can't put it off any longer. May 19th.
China has more English speaking people than the United States
Haha I don't have one but like some ppl can't buy them so it's a good idea!
“: Elephants may not be used to plow cotton fields. (North Carolina)” just so we're clear, can they plow other fields?
None taken was just checking on you RT : was having some "me" time, nothing personal
Drew breaks NFL passing record held by Marino, amazing
I have Aldean singing me to sleep tonight!! Or keeping me up? Who knows?
THIS THURSDAY (5/17) Sweeney's in #Philadelphia. SANHEDRON is coming to town... Come out & show some love!
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing (John Wimber).
UWP rally still going. Not sleeping for a bit, looks like, because audio is loud. In other news, I spoke to Alice! She's already bigger.
**TanWorks will be closed Thanksgiving Day and Friday 11/25 ** We will reopen on Saturday at 11am - 5pm. Enjoy your holiday!!
My dog knows the days of the week and he wakes me up even earlier when he knows I'll be home. Let's get the party started!
Darrell just seriously sang half of glad you came.. He didn't even suck! He knew it all! :O
Just turned on the game and they were closing to commercial. Saw the Clarkson goal. Oh man lol what the hell was Bryz doing gaaahahahahahaha
Ah it's fucking HOT :o
Depends where you are. In some countries, PayPal is an option. Location and size/stage of business is a factor.
Game over.
take me too
goodNight but....
no whats it about
all this talk about suspensions when is the real sports story today
Centennial High Environmental Club & WPR hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 1-5pm
Too much clutter in your office? We are the solution!
I don't mean to be rude.. But your a smut...
Thanks for the free car wash, Gaia.
Awesome! Thanks.
Going to get the ultimate, mega-super-awesome, most bad assed kite ever with And then I'm going to fly it. Pics to follow.
i drink gravy.
RT : 328 #artists from 31 countries involved for #twitterartexhibit in Norway. Supporting Moss Woman's Crisis Centre.
The whole white out thing with the away jerseys being white...
man, im so fucking confused! UGH!
$49 teeth cleaning special at www.Dentistryofdelmar.com (New Patient Special!)
So is it that the gov't keeps you poor or you keep yourself poor? America. Land of the Free?
Are there 12 days of LARBmas?
You have car and renters/home insurance? Home insurance should cover contents. If you need help, you can contact our agents.
I can totally relate to "too many new passwords, not enough room in brain to remember them all"!!! Stay warm!
What kind of drink goes with Bengay? Alcohol, people, alcohol.
