K ENOUGHH TWEETIN ON A MISSION SO CATCH YALL LATER.. LIVE,LOVE,LAUGH OUT LOUD....
But last time the Yankees started 0-3 was '98, when they finished 114-48 and beat San Diego in the World Series. What, me worry?
we're happy you're here! Have a wonderful day!!
Follow my new Twitter. ! (: I need help.
The fact you woke up this morning is just another reason to believe!!! Keep moving forward. Your blessing is coming.
agreed, I love me some chace Crawford :)
Back home and it's three generations of women here. I love it 
yea, very nice guy. Check my instagram photos
new profile pic, kinda like changing undies
We should start a group. "Hi, I'm Erica and I bite/pick my nails".
I want to go to walmart, hide in a clothes rack, and when someone comes by, yell, Nuh-uh. These are SO not your style. Try another rack.
Ticket got waived, that's a stress relief!!!
true dat I try telling people that all the time and people have the nerve to call me antisocial.
I get that a lot lately! lol
I will drop you a message tomorrow. Thanks.
wow. Four different fire hydrants blasting water from both sides at 26th Street in the Mission.
What did the boy angle say to the girl angle? You're so acute!
Hey britt!
Its final i won the championship for my fantasy for the second year in a row
ha! Love it! “: So many touchdowns my wife keeps thinking they're showing replays. #Huskies #dawgs”
What a great night! Thanks #MPSE!
Love getting these private phone calls cause even if you do call private your number will pop up
Thanks! RT : happy birthday, !
It is discouraging how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit. ~ Anonymous
Knowing I would play a position that I had not played for 5 or 6 years I would strengthen my core in the off season & be ready to go. Sayin'
The best feeling in the world is realizing that you're perfectly happy without the thing you thought you needed..
Rain drops
slipping man? Be careful!
Ayo is dope.
3) doubling fuel effic standards for not just cars but trucks = greatest single act to reduce in global warming #pollution ever to date.
Why do department stores have little couch areas before the women's restroom? Just in case you need to rest or just want to chill after?
Stay tuned as we will be shortly announcing some very exciting news for Vegan 101 series Season 2.
A screening room visitor: "I don't think it's a good idea to make Kim Jong-Il a hipster meme." Opinions? Are we hipsters now?
DON'T LET GO YOU'VE GOT THE MUSIC IN YOU
I'm sorry but I just think players should get a point or SOMETHING for what Parise just did....
Post on another girl wall !
great to see you yesterday, funny how things circle around!
$100 an hour, every hour exclusively for listeners. Your next chance coming up. Listen for your cue.
Love you <3333
Again, VADA knew Peterson failed test is March. What's the point of testing if nothing was done then?
That is awesome!!
#FF comedy festival, can't wait to go!
Lindsey vs. ETRADE. What's your VOTE. Shout it out!
I Think you are amazing.
uh huh tell me anything lol
Tee hee. I was just re-hashing from the top 10 questions comedians get asked.
Pairing Party tonight at New Berlin Ale House, Greg Jennings and Aaron Rodgers will be there!
I am a rebellious personality, and find following a training plan to be so very hard. Does anyone else feel the same way? Gotta stick to it!
make sure to take Some Explicit Polaroids of you guys hanging out!
S/o to because she is a balla
London Rose cd's for everyone. Seriously, everyone....
Sally Jo Cunningham talks about the fun of exploring and enjoying music during information retrieval processes. Refreshing.
I miss you doe
` guess i`ll watch
“: Idk I just love it when someone calls me "babe".” babe babe babe babe babe. Get at me ;)
If They love it I dont
I would like you to wear that amazing smile of yours ;) x
Let us not #Love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in
hey man, call me. You have my cell?
SCREEN ON THE COW! Voted the Best Patio Movie experience in Atlanta by Dustin Brookshire & Co. Magazine. Git on Down here tonight! Giddy Up!
Looking forward to Juanito Pascaul's flamenco guitar show tonight at Cactus Cafe! Hoping it will inspire my date to learn flamenco guitar...
Someone wake me up.
Arsenio don't play!!
you are welcome so what do u do?
I love to mi vanilla nigga ....... Aaaaaaayyyyyeeeeeee
Christmas With My Girl is freakin' AWSOME!!!!!!!!
u have more patience than me...I walk out of crappy movies quick lol
I even got his paycheck once. thought I got a big bonus!!
cant sleep!!! ugh stupid biology starr 2morrow -____- i should be ok with that...
...Thx...Hope to see you at the Dove Style Magazine launch party, Feb 4th 7pm-10pm....more details to come...
Goodnight Twitter hope when I wake up Austin is following me I'm gonna pray to god to get more followers and to get Austin night night :(
That's the way to go! ~Mike
Here we go baby!
Just applied for a serving position.
Did a little walkabout this afternoon at lunch. Weather here in Los Angeles is incredible - bright blue skies and clean from recent rain! :)
great newsletter updates--transparent & informative on DH's issues and progress
Big Bertha endorses Sandy Frankel for Monroe County Executive! *This is Big Bertha's opinion, not other company members.
had THE BEST day today with my family. They are truly the best people on the face of this planet.
not much.. do not encourage him randy! Lol
I miss you more! Hope ur well, let's catch up soon!!! :) “: dear Rachel, I. Miss. You. ❤”
Really wanna go outside and take a quick sail.
“: Listen I want to hate Tim Tebow. I just can't ...... I like him. #Jets” don't get sucked in
Fantasy draft in t-minus 5...
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection. ::: Michelangelo :::
now whenever we walk to Kroger after some heavy lifting and agility, I better get a ride home big boyy
Jonny Gomes homers in 12th inning against former team to lead A's over Rays 4-3 - Washington Post
I have an emergency credit card that could handle two pairs. But like I said Emergency only!
Parents, We have a few spots available for (entering) 4th graders at our Bellaire Campus. Sign up for Writing Camp today!...
16-13 isn't bad, maybe the #Mets will actually give me something to watch this summer.
has done a great job going from the general (what creates the semantic web?) to the specific ( and Yaddo)!
Best of luck! I know u'll hit the ground running like last time! Memorable games! From L.A.
Well, your target demographic has higher instance of vision issues that average. It's a connection to life thing.
Excellent question. Edgar? Junior? Oh, wait...Boone?
I wish you would see yourself the way I do.
Who's seen our new photos?
Never thought I'd root for the Patriots, and especially not Tom Brady, but anything to keep the Ravens from the Super Bowl!
Should not lunch so late in the work day but it's been another one of those days. Trabajando muy duro y tengo mucho hambre.
In bed reading my novel instead of writing my papers
“: AUNTIE MAKING TOAST. Mommy cant” - Aw! You'll be wonderful!
go go go amercan kicks ass man
TY he was not a golfer but played the Violin, but he may have taken it up:)
Working with for AP US has made me feel more confident :)
breaking bad
I Love Logan Lerman ♥
Our 4yo puked 13 times in a few hours yesterday, making it to the toilet for 9, which sounds like a high % unless you're the guy cleaning up
Lets do it...brewcity...stand up!!
#Follow back please. :)
Starting to think that most of our fans aren't really twittery people.
Overheard: "Designers have tattoos. Developers turns designs into 'snaf-foos'"
This line at the barber<<<<<<
I could easily eat an entire box of ritz crackers...
n ur still ugly now J/P lol
Digital diversity: multiple voices that can imprint, influence, and shape the ways new media is designed, deployed, and studied
Instead of started the next deeper mixtape since I already finished "Butterfly Effect" ima make an album only of diss tracks lol.
Playoffs...Nascar...but no baseball?? Wtf??
no madness
time to start the new week, so much work!
Funday Monday: Poll Question - Would you rather train your upper body or your lower body?
Your music tweets = me plugging my XM radio back in
What song are you most excited to hear live at our EP Release show?
We are having a THURSTY Thursday sale TODAY ONLY - buy any 2 of our HCG programs and get the 3rd for FREE www.lasvegashcg.com
hurry up!
One day left to watch an entire category of Ryan Gosling Movies on Demand!
gist of your post to me is that focus so often on issues, problems, complaints; easy to stay mired there ..
Little bunny foo foo hopping thru the forrest pickin up the field mice and bopping them on the head!
The "City's Longest Happy Hour" goes to 7pm then starts the "After Dark Happy Hour" at 10pm to 3am. Plus it's Sangria Friday! Can't Resist??
Finally, week is half gone.. Already feels like friday.. Weeks end can't get her soon enough..
shut up
RT Be the Coach, Guru, and Expert, of Your Own Life. Stop Looking to Others for Your Magic Answer. You are It! ~ Lori Moreno
AND U ARE THE BEST RADIO STUD!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! PEACE! ALSO, LIKEN THE NEW PICK!
Back in #PDX after 5 weeks that took us through Germany, Austria, Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands celebrating our 20th
In need of some lighter books (to counteract the heavier NF currently in my list). Any must-read Fantasy novels I should know of/about?
“: thanks for the follow! Looking to forward to hearing some of your tunes! C:” TY too:)Let me know whatcha think!
I need to work on small talk so someone's assumption that since I don't like hockey I must be "artsy" doesn't leave me pondering that binary
happy bday to and
oh yes Jewels you know it I've been ready since the season started, you Ready? Go Heels
Crazy people do the the simple things ...
We are very excited to be the home of so many fans this week! What's the greatest thing you've seen so far?
"I went to get a loan and they asked my race, so I wrote 'Human' on the space'' -The Beastie Boys<3
They ARE still around. I've seen them Portland twice in the last four years. I'll give you a heads up next tint. Totally worth it.
He is probably just sad cause he realized he is Lebrons side kick
It's you it's you it's all for you....Lana del Rey!
Almost there.....
YEAH! Thanks, beauty... RT : "On March 15th, THE THEATRE BIZARRE will be released nationwide" Horror Queen! Can't wait to see it!
Start school on Monday. I wish a celeb wuld come to my school n Baltimore and performed, signed autographs, or even both!! :)
Ready 4 the weekend!
Wish I could be there too! Have a great time!
We're in process of seeking funding to expand digitizing of trade literature material, so hopefully much more to come! Cont...
RT : Friday IZZM'S Invade Richs for a once and a life time kinda fasion show with sexy models ,
The changing of thought patterns is more than a thing of intellect; it is also a thing of inner convictions. Ernest Holmes
Then Shaunie, Ev and Suzie get in da van. On da slick they all trying 2 say Tami took it too far. All them hoes scared if u ask me
Happy Saturday!
I get the feeling that going aggressive on the basepaths against Gio will be a thing this year.
what is K.M ? that's not karli i know , but what is it ?!
It's 1AM, Wifey is putting work in. I'm up chilling MMG on blast being a supportive BF.
Reach the Beach is an incredible ride, made better only by having all of your friends along for the ride. New this year: TEAMS!
glad you like it! :)
well I'm sick at the moment but other than that I'm just peachy!
Throwing away all of my yellow skittles...
trying to think it through. a bank that loans to gov for pub works/ed/health care. voluntary, local, not BofA = good.
Well yes EXACTLY “: Bol: create a cyberinfrastructure to share historical geospatial data. #ucberkeley”
Heath Bell. Wow
Six people got off the westbound trolley just now. No transportation problems yet.
i kno it did
Hey there, yes, she still lives in the same place, and the gallery is virtual now & busy as ever, drop her a line & say hi
yawn, Good Morning
Man I think my laptop is fried....
I'm at the apple store and they have my phone ! I'm getting the 4S. Some old man has my phone!
Being a mother is.nvr a job where u can clock in an out
hmu dude we have to hang this week .
Proud to be a RAM! #goramsgo!
lmao you are a mess! Where you getting tatted at?
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing.
Thx for the post, Jon. Dave was larger than life and will be dearly missed
Ugh! Why do #Seattle drivers get all stupid when it rains?
not that I am aware of but the muppets have a fun version of it. Do 6 yr olds watch the muppets. I am out of my depth on that one.
Family, amazing friends, and this moment
hahahh im in class right now...the teacher is like only 20 feet away from me too.....aaha
If i could describe today with one word it would be. Yawn.
I fell asleep in the comfy sack. The product name does not lie.
you're so sweet cody <3
Just until the warnings of snow pass.
#TallyCardz, Student tested, wallet approved!
I should be doing homework but you know... internet seems like a better idea.
Watching this clippers/suns game
They don't have to live in it ANYMORE... IT IS OVER... Anyone see where I am going with this? Continued next tweet
Tony Bennett is beyond legendary
You don't have to pay..?
Now we are back to reality..
Well umm next week, Monday we Goin to Compadres & I'm not gonna stand you up !!
Lmfao, hello! And there is no way all of these subtweets are directed towards me. Just most.
:: He Was Just talking bout any boy . And Idk.
hey just lettin u know im able to protect u if u came to LA
#scms12 critics have described the film's structure as similar to blues
Follow GOD'S steps and u can't loose!
Drove to get my hair cut at Rob's Barber Shop in Jamestown, NC-This is a great place to get my Cary Grant haircut-Classic.
Olympic Curling
Not to mention, because it's film; skin tones and color reproduction are perfect, full of detail, just how you wanted them.
Stuff to do before 12: go to the school, pickup books, tutoring, hitting lesson, go with dad to meeting - average day for me
's Abbey Klaassen: when pitching, lead with the benefit - true in PR as in advertising.
100th Birthday Anniversary 2-DVD Collection including the first-ever documentary on the extraordinary life of Dale Evans, Queen of the West.
and Thanks for writing ur Zelda rap.. only thing I've thought about in the hospital. :) keeps my mind of surgery.
Attention HIT students: Faculty candidate presentation tomorrow at 6pm in the Info Commons
My juvie in da yard wit my draws n her hand
Why does CBS refuse to acknowledge great NCAA Tournament moments pre-1982?
damn son! u are #international for real!
My school takes the olympics thing too seriously
Me and #Selena. 4 ever linked.
Pizza hut yay
Thanks so much for that!
#Badgers roll over Montana in the first round of the NCAA tournament 73-49. Recap from Albuquerque in tomorrow's Cardinal
Follow you now
so hoping i get this class date next week then i come back pack and time to bonce to puerto rico yaeeeee
Things will never be the same nomore
ighgt haha who do they have returning?
I'll always remember going to the #NBA Finals in 2007-08 and everyone still chanting No Means No at Kobe.
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long.
All the city buses say Go Magic at the top of them today.
GUEST OPINION: Mass. rising to the challenge on climate change - Wicked Local
>>>MLM News! ZeroPoint Global( New Company Listing )
does an maple-bacon scone? Could you ask them to have that on the menu in August?? Sound incredible.
yeah....hoping spending some time with my dog, cooking dinner, and just relaxing helps...hardcore workout tomorrow night.
how does the database change memory?
We do! Are you taking any classes this year?
yo dat jacket is tight son...ya mean?!
i wanna go cruising wiff mi bby.
Our waking hours form the text of our lives, our dreams, the commentary. Anonymous
Lol why do Sheldon and I have so much in common? :P
I am so with you on that!
wow extra sick
RT : Watch out for Miami and Portland.. there killing it ! <<Miami weak, we got way more strip clubs over here. lol
buff chick dip
The muscles in the upper part of the face tend to move more when someone is lying."
Love that vid! Saw some peeps saying how they are *too* close, lol
Snagged food @ the Tremont Farmer's Market: fava beans from Por-Bor Farms, greens from Morningside, snacks from Plant Kingdom...
#Affinitydiagramming - it feels good to get out those post-its and look like a crazy person for a few hours :)
yeah I'm up flexxin ready to merk one of ur Beats
RT : You're everything I wanted, but nothing I ever needed.
I'd buy it.
If I had my own museum my goal would be for every visitor to leave with a slightly altered worldview & understanding of themselves
Well, we've got the added problem of having a 2-yr-old and a 4-month-old. No sleep for a few years more.
im having so much fun talkn to my best friend alexgibson :)
I'm so tired, about to knock out tonight 💤💤💤
you must be talking about Netflix streaming? I have that and I agree nothing but old shit.
either falling off ellipticals or drooling in lecture.
Congrats to all the Class of 2012 graduates. In 6 months, I will welcome you to the joys of student loan payments!!! :-/
A verdict has been reached in the Casey Anthony case! What will it be?
Tell us how you really feel :)
I love watching the auditions to see all the people that audition with the stupidest things. Haha
it was fun.
I swear there is more to life than getting fucked up...
anytime sunshine(;
Hope you had a wonderful time! RT Headed to next week for some R&R!
Thanks for the kind #FF !
I hate when I have meetings on April Fool's Day...I always question if they're gonna show up.
Watching RuPaul's Race!
Hey , I'll wear jorts to our game tomorrow only if you can get to run the Flying Pig in them.
We've got a food truck in Miami called OF the chain grilled cheese and tomato soup. Rok on Rob.
especially the womens bathroom, the mens bathroom are always near by uggg
BEAUTIFUL photo!!!!
WOOOOAH! Talk about being BAKED!
Really Chicago Bulls??? Your MVP is still in the game when you're up by 12 with 1 min to play and he goes down with a knee injury???? Fools!
lol, no. Not yet bud(: I still have till Wednesday.
Mothers day is right around the corner. Don't wait too long!! Mom wants pie!
okay cool. I'm working prob for the next 20 min, then I'll swing by :)
Note to self: read a book by Theodore Dreiser.
Santorum and Romney... just wasting bandwidth and sapping our energy.
Anybody want some rookie pennys for 120? size 8.5 or some stealth red and gray retro jordan 3's for 80 to 100? size 9, let me know asap
It is said that our actions will live in eternity. Yet, the lives we touch will last forever.
sweet, take care!
Last night and tonight, NO POINTS on the FINAL SCORE TWEETS!
I can't breathe out of my left nostril.
valid point, it does get quite monotonous.
i dont know what to wear on saturady love/:
about to watch the pack DESTROY the Vikings!! #packersvikingsdevestation with
He's so cool, we're talking about Call of Duty! I hope she marries him. <3
Almost everytime i take a pill, i get the side effects! Wtf -.-
Thanks for the inclusion
I'm a sucker for a fat ole ass booty....
Sigh. Smile. Deep breaths. Work now. Aieeeee!
RESPECT THE BIEB RESPECT IT
hey its alyssa ur doctor stalker jk for real but i love u ur so funny and ive been ur fan sense forever<3
thanks #bartenderman for letting me know that I look like an #Asianversion of #HopeSolo (You ROCK!) ^_^
I ask a bitch her name and tell her go board the plane
I knitted Dave a 2x2 rib scarf that took me over a week to do. I just graduated from a 3 week knitting class. DC = knitting party
Dale confirmed they knew Wood was retiring for about 2 Weeks.
Police are investigating allegation that #Syracuse assistant Bernie Fine molested former team ball boy
Our Handmade Marshmallow Gift Bags are a long time favorite, and they can be enjoyed alone, or use them on S'mores! $4 for a bag of 8
Remote Conductor works well with Lion but the gestures are still Snow Leopard style. We'll sync this up in a future release.
Hello , thanks for you help with twitter. Does charter fitness have spinning class
aww im okay, i got my exam tomorow :/ watch some TVD!
yes dude, this summer we should go lookin for sum' :')
has 1.3 mil followers, so doubt he'll see my smart ass answer to "did u evr notice the Brewers retro "mitt" logo has "M" "B" in it?"
This is my alter-ego. He's always angry.
Crunch fitness is about to have me blow them the fck up. I need to calm myself before I go in and talk to the rep. Wooosahhhhhhh
In A Demonic Ass Way
Guess what? Erik and Mumble from HAPPY FEET TWO will make an appearance at theNAT tomorrow, 12-2pm. Stop by for a photo!
Happy New Year, Austin!
lol I'm actually going to Cali in July again haha I'm just hoping it doesn't interfere with the concert
New version 1.1.14 of Mac Conductor Server fixes a problem with Dock icons caused by the 10.7.2 Lion Update. www.rctrackpad.com/server
Waukesha Cty Exec to Kathy Nickolaus: "Resign or hand off duties to deputy clerk in upcoming #recall "
Omg I gained soo many follower and I don't even no how??? But I'm happy :)
Packing for an impromptu vacation
i know rite i was just speaking the truth brock is gonna lose this sunday at #ExtremeRules by john cena
It's b-day today & he's decided to drink #beer while playing #golf. He's waiting for to show up!
wews .. i got my new hair :p
It's hard to come out of this series without feeling a least a little bit down on the Pacers, right? I mean...comon.
WAS THAT AT WESTLAKE?!
I totally agree. A successful blogger positively affects his/her readers and has a strong voice– that's not easy to do!
So its 5:45am and I'm wide awake watching my wife feed my son...I've been up for the past hour!
Sometimes, you just have to take the elevator in the lit building.
Bro life is so awesome the way things happen if you are not connected here on PS you need to be !
hahahahahha why are you so precious? Closet geek.... I'm a bigger closet geek though, trust me
It must be the first day of Fall, the high today will only hit 100!
- you guys gona be rolling thru on the 20th?
What?! It's too early in the day for stalking. I'm networking! Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll be hiding in these bushes.
oh cool, you're not too far away then. We'll have almost a month before classes start so we plan to get out & see it up close
"How good of a knight could Ser Loras be? He's been stabbing Renly for years and he hasn't killed him yet!" - Tyrion LOL
Long term parking is looking cramped. Leave time for the possibility of having to park away from the main lot.
Haha sorry I wish. They gave us one per person. And they KNEW if you tried to go back. Sheesh.
It is very hard to park my boat between classes.
That sounds fun. RT : I. Am. Delirious.
RT : A4: Definitely important, but choose one close to home and there's less expense
#cityfolkmightcome &bring their atheism, loose women,& rock&roll. LOCK YOUR DOORS, THE DEVILS OUT THERE&HES GONNA GETCHA!
I hear the passenger seat is nice.
Welcome to the paper!
had a really fun time at NAMM this year! Lots of cool new products and software was at the show! I will be posting all about my experience.
Nice avi my dude
At #vatorsplash looking forward to some good pitches!
Ceviche for lunch, yum
I can remove 90% of your so-called beauty with a Kleenex
#whosgonnalose - tweeting results week-15 of the NFL here
Morning! What are you up to today?
i wish would ntice me :'(
haha why so mad!! I'll have to find her
Interested in being part of JNC? DM for more details
What's up
awesome! :D
everyone reacts differently to the meal plan, it's a lot of food to eat for sure.
Joy is the feeling of grinning on the inside. -Melba Colgrove
Home, sick again
Imma put my girl in a headlock when she get to da crib
no :D now i dont care about this exam :) heeheh
@ my gig in west VA getting ready to sound check. bout to make some noise and have a blast playing some r&b!
Awesome and done.
Hi Mady thanks for following, as soon i get out of Max out I will follow ya.
It seems the South is alive and well
Was that message to us? In response to the DM?
Money... it controls peoples lives... its sad to say people choose money over family.
Thank you Nancy, I love you!
no, you're the idiot. Your opinion is biased.
im not even suree :(
You're so sweet! Thank you so much! We feel so blessed! I will def post pics when he arrives! I hope you're doing wonderful!
F Yes! This is the real world Chris. If you don't do it yourself it don't get done. ;)
You sound like girls who like to shop until you drop Do you get out to brookfield at all ?
~25 billion #apple #appstore downloads? You're welcome. Now, screw your stupid contest and give us all a million free songs. We deserve it.
Game day...game time 1:00..@ the thunder dome
SPA WEEK IS BACK! $50 Specials in October: 50 Min Arasys Slimming Session, Sudatonic Wrap, or Adara Facial & Pedicure Book fast!
Bench Felton now... DRAFT PLEASE!
good to see you today! Let me know how shadowing goes next week
Homer~ In saffron-colored mantle from the tides of ocean rose the morning to bring light to gods and men.
Pretty sure Damages is filming right by NYC today (via )
none the less tonight was fun with my bbys paola jenny pri & katie :-) goodnight xoxo
Enjoy many sports but this college b-ball season has me primed for #MarchMadness - 10x better than the BCS - agrees!
Curious, what are the ties between the Freedom Foundation of Minnesota and the Kock's?
:-( at work bored
great songs- love "sleep tight" and "titanic"! small and epic at the same time
Sex sells, so you better be a bad bitch with a sex tape, if I wanna be famous.
Keep your head up man, you will have many more games to make your legend known at O State.
Enjoying my pre-MRI meds. Is that wrong?
I would love to see how the Arab world is reporting this story. Not much on AlJazeera English.
I feel like, I wouldn't like me if i met me.
could you not guess my #DrawSome?
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Today is going to be a good day. Why? Because it's taco day.
A bank is a place that lends money as long as you can prove you don't need it
Going to the 1994 All Star game in Arlington and seeing Wade Boggs warmup with Cal Ripken
your bf Anton seems really cool, genuinely nice, i was at little door on thursday night, you all looked fabulous together
Im almost their
2012 setting everything in place with sponsors and changing directions can't wait
That's good news... people definitely want to see how the career scoring race shakes out between you and (7 pts)
Thank you & Jason Berns for that insightful All-Star panel!
Its about time we thank you again for following us! We hope it has been pleasurable.
ok... time 2 get some rest & get ready for dis long ride back to Houston tomorrow morning... U all have a blessed night ;o)
Your welcome:Dxx
I have no axe to grind, I don't even have an axe. ( But I do have a sword). :-)
haha ok wait tell me
So cool! Wish I was there!
its alright sweetie I just be missing him ALOT
crazy in a good way & funny at the same time
I'm Good,would you have a contact for production,if you are looking for some?
Will you follow our brothers and sisters on twitter?
By ours too. But we're @ Desales corner talking about how great a city flea event would be here.
I thought u knew Wat I ment... Sorry bout tht. I wasn't trying to be an ass... Really I am sorry bout tht and I am really thankful for W ...
": Modern Family at Disneyland!!!!!" Making me want to go to Disneyland - and be a Dunphy - SO badly!
StudioPress, WooThemes, ElegantThemes, to name a few of the better companies.
Never that! That soapbox rant just got you a follow, FWIW! I'll pass your article to the human rights students I work with.
Thx 4 the love baby good morning back to you;) Muah! RT Shout out to
Signing the lease this week. Subscribe to the Colorado Circus World Newsletter by emailing
Are we computing in stratus of cumulus? Is this a sunny day? Or a cloudy one?
If your Asian and your parents don't give a damn about your grades. BLESS YOUR SOUL!
Thanks for the RT ... Kathy's a great agent -- covers the #Verona #Wisconsin area well!
Im bout to do something ill regret in my entire life ......
hahaha...nah....but I'll ask her if she knows the tune
Looking for an #earthday volunteer opportunity? Lend a hand at the MHFH ReStore #Recycling drive on 04/22. Call 414/257-9078 for details
- Rand Paul....just another guy who gives REAL MEN a bad name.
Thanks for your feedback! I'll start working on a new post soon.
Don't be ashamed! Embrace it ;) And thank you! I'll be on the hunt for the new episode. Hoping to find it & watch tonight!
« #MEMORIES - I know yall remember back in tha day in P.E. playin wit tha rainbow colored parachute #Retweet if u do»
Bored in world geography :( painted my nails four times since this morning :)
EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT VALENTINE'S DAYY. DON'T FORGET GUYS FLOWERS AND CANDY :-)
": BREAKING: Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs." :O
Journalists are busy: offer compelling stories not obvious promotions #Vocus #State of the Media - Offer real people, not just spokespeople
"she can do fucking any voice I feel like" ..you need to be here
Bill Hall isn't on deck, is he?
I am relaxed, got my tea and a good book
are you going to be doing the beach babe dvd? We should do it together!
Another beautiful day in Denver. Time for lunch and then flying back to ATL and trying to catch the birthday festivites
You out lookin for love and he out tryin to fuck. Push that lame to the side and raise your morals above
I want one of those bacon ranch chicken flatbread sandwiches
And that ties the series! 5 DOWN! 11 TO GO!!!!!
Meeting 's film friends in Logan Square tonight.
Starting God of War 2.
Can seski send friend? Feet sore now but maybe later summer-time to tidal pools and coastline?
wait a second cam toe is trending oh lordy
Not enough time with you, too much time without you.
I'm probably not gonna get any scholarship money
Aw shucks. Thanks! RT : We love them as well!
what f stop did you use? what mm for the lens?
We'll go live to Manchester, NH. Republicans running for president will debate there tonight! More at 5:30 on
im fake.. Im a barbie doll :)
Fa real tho
yo, if there's one person that needs to go...it's you homebwoy
oh I get so excited by job talks in the engl dept. young profs giving their best work! (&that we are hiring again! take that phd market!)
thank for the follow!
Pretty sure it's time for some Firefly
Went from page 12 to page 7 on the Post-Rock charts in Bandcamp! Also, we're beating in the miami charts on Bandcamp! ^-^
Looks like you're flying through WoT. I'm still only on ch6 of Great Hunt--which I only read while at the gym.
yea lol I just sat him and his squad at the back table..I think he got a face lift or something
why is that?
givin sum tips to my H.S peeps bout SU...
I really wish I was in D.C. right now. (Or, at least when and where that was taken)
Good morning #abq! Happy Friday tweeps!
Congrats on the new job!!!!!!!
This is my 3000th tweet you guys. Thanks for putting up with all my dumb thoughts (especially now that baseball season has started)
Haha! Yes, yes & yes. Meet me! RT : Is there a riot? If so, count me in? Know where Irsay lives?
wow man u just got the easiest draw ever
For complex, long life-cycle products, sales force product training sequence moving salespersons from product novice to experts will pay off
If things change in the blink of an eye, can I keep blinking until I find something good?
I mean shit, ELFs, if you're going to countertroll me you could at least make it interesting by calling Victoria or Tiffany fat or something
Im a great advice giver but cant take my own for shit,, i over process to much...
Let her back? #CLT -needs- :)
The comic book "Epilogue" has changed its name to the "Hidden Scene" - only difference is when we were kids we only had to wait 30 days
Whats IDK mean:I don't know.: KNOW BUDDY KNOWS
Are you prepared for the #zombie apocalypse? Need a cute zombie doll to carry around to blend in with the zombies? I think it would work...
Thank You to and everyone who came out to ride the carousel. With your help, we raised over $600 for the School's library.
Loving this x collaboration. Thanks for loaning me some running shoes!
Since she's being awarded her Master's Degree tomorrow, I suggest we all refer to the lovely as Master Hopper from here on out!
check your email brother.
Both of those pitchers have somewhat struggled to start this season...agreed.
THE RAID: THE QUICKENING
Another day in
Create n me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me. Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me
true fact: RT : Draymond Green leads the NCAA in getting the most out of every foul committed.
hope you had a really great day! I hope tomorrow is an even better one!
Just heard a beautiful set at the vanguard. Motian/Kikuchi/Osby. Incredible version of "Bemsha Swing".
When your global teacher isn't qualified to give tests anymore. LOL that was the funniest thing I've heard all morning! 😂
i don't care what u talk in your songs, if i look in ur face and don't see a survivor, a warrior or a healer, i aint your target listener
I'm not saying I hate you...but if you were hurt really bad and I had a phone to call an ambulance, I'd order a pizza instead.
Q tip
Let her know how much fun she would have on Twitter. got me interested.
Learning to trust God is the most valuable lesson we will ever learn!
fe in Fullerton ca. The suns about to come up that means it's time to pass out. Thanks for all your continued support. More news to be ...
Thank you to the 180 followers, If you know a movie lovers tell them to follow this page, for movie projects and more!
NOLF Sequel, but only if the other two can come out bundled with it.
Why is it so hard to pack when I have Jonas on the brain?
President Obama and Congress continue to quibble over rescue plan for Los Angeles. Filibusterer scheduled to last the night.
you better not delete!!! They are just jealous you can get a tweet from Mad & they cant.
Great to put a voice to the tweets, ! I was bound to run into you at , a wedding, or a restaurant.
I would b too lol
Got my new schedule!
RT: Key to success in software development for humanities: "Do only one thing, do it right", says Ronald Dekker at
had a great night last night with my sister and boy oh boy do we have big things in store for this summer
Deepening my understanding of my passions. Excited about having a new filter for my life's work! Thanks Sandye!
Clippers with the comeback!
i'm with you. Bot an NBA fan but love march madness!
"Want to see a picture of my cat?" Answer: "no." Have truer words ever been spoken? Finally a commercial that makes sense!
Who is coming out to see tonight or tomorrow?!
Learning to enchant and engage in social media from event w/ Guy Kawasaki
Sending positive & peaceful thoughts to everyone going HAM waiting on #LSAT scores.
alpine valley 2010... I dig it. Esp
OMG "Won't Give Up" is my new song! We need to get this on the radio. It's as powerful as "I'm Yours" .. brilliant!
Even crazier - a lot of that driftwood came from across the Pacific and still managed to hit that little "rock" somehow.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in:Thou shalt not engage in: flying, morphing, shapeshifting, casting of magical spells, or other displays of power.
God is amazing!
Listening to 's The Sound of a Million Dreams..smooth, sexy, soothing vocals...incredible voice, fantastic album!
LOVE all of the photos! Thanks for sharing. Did you have a good time?
True or False: Word on the street is that Bar Management Group wants black folks to party at Lux, not ... *scratches head*
who's your mom Mir? :D
its DELTONA what do you expect
Thanks homie! Appreciate your support. Wow though... I need to be in a ice bath for life.
coffee up and edit something. Purpose. Value. Produce. Build up self worth. Sunday.
Playing tonight: Bad Daze at Ironwood; Aaron Work at The Brown and Terry Sabo at The Grapevine...
Rex just called yuni a premier shortstop
Yo , my VDay guilty pleasure movie is Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Worship Ministry get-together tonight! It's going to be fun!
so..where do you do?
3 reasons why I cuss: 1) Because I fucking want to. 2) Because I fucking can. 3) Because I don't give a fuck.
I love your wicker bike basket!
my mom cooks amazing eggs for breakfast :) yum... I wish she would deliver them to me every morning
Aye you got a myspace?
this just got so wierd, some of that shit was so crazy i didnt believe half of it and it turned out to be real what can i do for u?
Overlapping phases have 2 decohere along which axis? Starting to look familiar?Think Atwater got interferometry years ago ,but this is new:)
If you had a hidden camera in my apartment, you'd know that I just had an entire conversation with Poptart, my dog.
all-star weekend in PHX/Scottsdale
Best line of the meeting. " I'm sure there's a figure lurking there "
Exactly cause j crawford hates the nuggs smfh RT : And why is that not a flagrent?
Somebody give me a kick in the ass. I need some motivation right now.
I hate getting off work so late..
It's official, I'm now a member of the National Association of Charterboat Operators!
looking good!
Goodnight lovelies. Stay safe if youre out tonight. <3
You'll have to tell me why if your up to it. And okayy sounds good!! although I don't know if im going for sure..
I am not a hater but I hate the work that you are doing now, Jesus Walks moved me, Now all this secretive stuff with Illuminati
IT'S SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY! Come on in for a burger on your shopping break....alot of fun, sales, & goodies on The Avenue today
Man bitchesa come and go hahah we don't trip if ya aint tryna stic around, play that bs its all good
F*ck this game!! I don't want to watch anymore!!
you really creep me out .-. haha!
I never thought I'd wear this color (again) either. But it's "in" and now I think it looks cute/fun.
RT: House GOP attack on transit funding draws angry letter signed by *600* groups, pols, & individuals. cc:
Why did they announce seacrest as ricky martin?
#uword where are you at the cross?
Watch out Twitter, this biscuit now has an IPhone.
Remember to sign up for 's e-newsletter for newly released studies and upcoming presentations -
I just had to google where Montreal was in Canada. I probably failed all geography quizzes in the 3rd grade and erased all such memories.
Happy Birthday!
I think i'm just going to listen to mixtape until I leave
Trying out #Community, kinda meh so far.
#TIA RT : ah! scorpion in my room, snake outside, rat next door, and i just ran out of gas, so no cooking for awhile. Sweet.
yeah I ended up blocking him, and I never block anybody. He just got really annoying & made no sense at all
I dont know if I want to spend money on that though since I already seen it but idkkkk :P
Now gonna watch as JJ "putz" this one to bed. I kill myself lol
Sounds great! Did you enjoy the 1881? RT : Had the 1881 at Roxy with the best pork chop ever
How to Handle Little Liars - Wall Street Journal: Or they might give mixed signals, such as, "Get A's at all cost...
Read that they were going to focus on music. I can't even delete mine though.
#KobaltTools400 Make it easy I really need the tix
Had a nuts day
oh no! slacking >.< haha jk :p
They said it couldn't and wouldn't be done but ground is being broken today for the rehab of the historic Ferdinand Building. Amen!
Of course!!! Why do you ask?
foursquare.com ...cool technology...would have been great to have in my college years...gonna give it a look anyways
Happy birthday!
**Globalnet Telecom- Leading the way in telecom customer service**
Cool stuff. Thanks for sharing!
Hey! What brings you to our fair city?
Ur personal running blog is not only motivating to yourself, but also to others. Great read. What shoes do u run in right now, ?
Wilco sounds like a toy company and Yankee Hotel Foxtrot sounds like a fox-racing game of some kind. That was my initial assumption.
Bronx Bombers! go #yanks!
The most important thing you'll need as a director is your imagination. It's all you need. If you don't believe me, try going to set, drunk.
Alton won. Wade a bit later.
I said "whats caramel cake?" e'rybody had the ice grill
aw dang who in ya room?
back to philosophy... what if matter DOESN'T exist?
ugh I hate science class.
Cut processing time 7000 to 1. Expanded 3500 sentiment words. Process time slices quickly w/ sentiment network analyzer (SNAZ).
love to hear you cover the Tortorella press conference situation.
Pop going away from his usual rotation here? Manu, Parker & Duncan on court for good chunk of time in 1st quarter.
Who built the Empire state?
well both y'all niggas be hatin on em. When the heat win the championship don't even slide to 49 street
RT : Will be speaking tonight at 6:30 pm & on Saturday talking about wild game cooking. Would love to see you there
Why the F #SEPTA have no tweets about derailed train and delays across the RR system?! How hard is it to keep riders informed?
#Suckerpunch just gave the term "dance battle" a whole new meaning.
Ugh, Getting tired of hearing about Tim Tebow! I don't even watch football!
So happy that Orlando won!
It is the skid mark of budah
aww thanks so much girl!! Every little bit will help!! I love you!!!! <3
Everyone follow my girl she's an incredible Dj and beautiful inside & out!!! She rocks!!!
Yes!!! 5 free donuts left!!!! #letsmeetthewife :)
Our new granola flavor-Dark chocolate covered walnuts, oats, almonds, pepitas with cacao nibs & gojiberries. Mucho antioxidants in this one!
It seems that only has one thousand followers. Also, do any companies support them because THIS MOM will not support YOU haters.
Crying reading all my old tweets & looking through my favorites knowing people use to talk to me on here
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS??? GO FOLLOW #teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x2
Finally working again after months of unemployment? I'd like to talk to you. Email me direct at . Thanks!
Meet and Greet:-)C
PLease follow me. My daughter is graduating high school . Her teacher in culinary gave her the gold medal. She loves food!
In Midland bout hit da Mall up before da Swagger's Fashion Show/Concert!!
Kittehs do not like it when I'm home during the day, messing up their schemes. I am also making a lot of loud human noises, like coughing.
Get ripped like Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
I hear good things about sushi in St. Pete - Rollbotto seems to be buzzing lately. I am planning more in your hood!
My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer.
Packing to leave PHX for 3 months! Bittersweet but exciting over here. (w/ )
This sounds really cool! Is this for summer '11?
Don't dream of great games, play 'em ! Come on down !
Soundtrack on this netflix movie is outta sync. Words and lips don't match. If not for Julia Stiles, it'd be unwatchable
A Seven Nation Army can't stop Killjoys
Cudahy pursuit terminated due to speed around MPH
I run away from my problems, bc sometimes I just don't wanna face em
I was not told so it doesn't count! Either way, just sign on to chat some time. We miss you
Thinking of those in #NewEngland and beyond who lost their lives in the storm; and those who are still powerless and/or homeless.
Senator James #eldridge, chair of #housing and #homelessness talks about state doesn't have plans to #endhunger or homlessenss.
If I cared what Fiance's think I wouldn't have my job!
Chicago suddenly knows its January. So effing cold.
: How about partnering up w/ to provide "Text-to-Pay" Rent via text message for Renters?
getting my haircut tonight, and I'm way too excited about the 5 minute head massage.
#ff bc she's a rich bitch :)
How appalling is it that the group who's most responsible for destroying the "sanctity" of marriage (straight whites), claim to defend it.
Having a hand grenade
Mautino: This is emblematic of difficult session. Was proud sponsor for 2 hrs, got 8000 calls! Giving some history about this benefit.
Still awake reading the program and putting together my meeting plan of action at #afs11. Great conversations at the reception tonight.
I'm not really interested in love stories... but i really wanna see The Lucky One ♥
Oh goodness! Thoughts?
Social Media Marketing is all about making yourself a #Brand and I think timeline may play a role in that
Thanks girl!:)
Drive it like you stole it sister - love it! Congrats!!
Just got a face-to-face interview with Aaron Baddeley confirmed for tomorrow. See, I'm not just fooling around out here. I'm working. Psh.
And the freshman strike again
Maps meant to be backdrops rather than primary documents themselves.
Ben, if you and Dan do that, I wanna know pronto!
It's 79 in Madison, but 30 degrees cooler in Milwaukee because of a Lake Michigan breeze. Which would you rather have?
Oh my gosh...the boys cross country team from a white school just walked past my car O.O they were hella HOT!!
can you join us? RT : M ! You may be the only conference I've ever dreamed about attending...nightly!!
RT Don't Lose Yourself Trying To Hold On To Someone Who Doesn't Care About Losing You.....
Also seen it last nite our 2 favorite cities Chicago and Miami
She said can u eat my pussy whoa pump ya breaks ain't u on your period
The loudest n¤gga in da room is usually the
"Got bitches shakin dey ass for free"
NO problem, how are you?
LOL, that gave me a much needed laugh
He snapped on the vet, lmsoo crqzy dog.
Truly fabulous day w/incredible art, new Central Asian rooms
thank you ! yes i am (: i was out of school for a day , but im fine now .
TONIGHT ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!! LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!! LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!! LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!
This Friday at the Lemon Grove with Hayden Calling and Trevor Q in Youngstown OH.
You won’t get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it. – John Lennon
A black jimmy newtron lookin ass dude...
Seeing some of these scores, I'll say it again: the girls soccer playoffs need to be cut down in size. Not worth a 10-0 or 7-0 game
This game is insane. Struggling to stay up too. Church in the morning.
The black and white on the left!! Gorgeous!!
If I see one more Facebook status about Justin bieber<<<<<<<<<
You can #practice what you #preach all you want, but if you don't #believe what you preach it's pointless.
anytime! I'm rockin the #SwissChocolateCake t-shirt right now -
U ready for #CallICONiaczMaybe ??
The caveman Geico commercials still make me laugh.
Yo! Would you ever be interested in being on The Voice?
": How you sayin "money over bitches" but you BROKE & SINGLE??" ctfu im weak af
Phone system is slowly coming back online. We should be fully functional within the hour.
well u also saw me on cam ;p
I am loving Motown night! The music is everlasting! The oldies are the goodies!
Obamacare "the one bill that brought me into the race"
true!def x need politicians to ruin d whole purpose!
The kingshead in Santa Monica
Thanks for following Mr. Gram.
awesome! i hope to run into a few of your tweeps tomorrow :)
Representation News: Happy to announce that I will be working with management company, Rectangle Entertainment
Peyton's thing is that he has a brother, right? And vice versa for Eli, right?
. But to what extent? We dont even know how far apart they are.
McCain is a "Poster Boy" for Term limits, Don't pat yourself on the back; borrow Ron Paul's Ideas if elected.
Interviewing on tomorrow morning. Tweet me your questions :)
I sincerely hope that recovers with the new CEO
Hard work bout to pay off
Follow back me! Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!:*
So do they just cryogenically freeze everyone before they croak?
people always take shots at a winner. No surprise to me.
Starbucks run! Lol
Trust before you love, because love is nothing without trust.❤
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Castellona Bay in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Back to the original twitname .....
What up ?
I sometimes wonder why grass is green and the sky is blue, maybe we should make the world punky and go for black sky and red grass yeah?? X
Every end is also a beginning, we just don't see it at the time.
good luck with that.
Good Morning World
follow her and me
The Turning Point series on the SD mayor's race wraps up Sunday. How survivor's guilt fuels a sense of purpose for
Cream pies, like banana or coconut.
Finally made an appointment to see foot doctor. Can't wait to start running again, but gotta heal first.
Yes please!! We can watch all the good routines:) And I have a story about said group of dancers for you.
your very beautiful(::::
Sorry 4 the delayed response. I'm feeling much better. Each day is getting better, thx 4 asking. Hope U had a great weekend 2.
Happy Sexy Monday Friends!!!
Would love to assist with any freelance needs you got. Causal OR Casual :-)
You are the best singer ever!!
I love you taylor just comes over my house, we sit and talk about everything!
Here's to swimmin with bowlegged women
Used to be no one could pronounce my company's name. Now people are constantly mixing up my company with another similar sounding one.
no I'm a bad kid midget bear
Compare the classroom culture of Finland and Korea vs. America; Note the self-discipline and self-engagement-no "cool" factor needed.
Rodgers- Most Valuable P****. GO BEARS!
can't wait to see you soon(:
We had a Code Cody (lock down) today in school. It got really stinky in the closet so I offered everyone gum.
Bacon. Pure Bacon.
Wait I'm the landlord, fuck it.
I'm saying bro.
Fun day ahead. I'll have more college tourney updates and Travis HS plays at the state tourney at 3:30. Got a sports update? Let me know!
perfect dinner and now let's celebrate the new year! Xo
..er.. " ". I mean. Huggs to all my #drydensocial pals & the amazing folks that made it happen. "Enigma" off-comm
sorry to hear that I will hit later next week
Last Nite And Monday When He Went Home
RIP #Taz of the Band. Thanks for the amazing music! God Bless!
should come to my graduation. I'm sending you an invite in the mail. #immaneedagraduationgiftthoug #maybeasliceofthatass ?? :D
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked it's not u..it's me...
You mean like when I bought an XBOX just to play Halo?
kind of being busy these days. thats why i havn't been twitting....
* lmao , i understand ! . . . .bruh , i got the best twitter name tho . like fr fr .
So happy all went well in MN! Traveling today as well! Have a great weekend.
I wear tank tops not tight tops.lol...keep dem jersey shore shorts fa ya self
that is the lamest thing, possibly ever
Loving the #puppybowl on The kittie half time show rocked, too! Follow for the official commentary! Too cute.
break from #sxsw RTs for this PSA lol RT i'm sorry ladies but geez.... there should be a limit on tanning, smurfs up!
What n the heck did Mr. Shue just do!!! ... Then again she is a tad bit crazy
I'm working hard on a new portfolio too, last year I made to semifinal of cpoy, gonna try again this year
But today he cooked, cleaned and helped my and my sister wash. Lol this is freaking weird!
tell people to follow I am having a contest with my best friend
More challenging than graphing Oxenstierna is pronouncing him.
Open Invitation to all our customers and friends to follow us on Twitter Thank you for your support, La Cofradia Family
Stop the insanity and restart the #linsanity, bench Melo and Amare PRONTO!
Can't think right
Justin Owns Beliebers Hearts forever since 2009 always inspired so many and now owns their heart
I'm so excited to see you guys in July!!
Thanks to the #FGCU student for returning my phone. I had fun chasing you around the environmentally friendly campus.
WILL YOU MARRY ME??? <333
I just want subway , & someone to hold me & I'll be alright.
oh my! who's proofing these days?!?
Dang that's crazy!
when you coming back over? Lol
Not only am I a master of suspense, but I
AMC meeting today on Bay Circuit Trail. 200 mile trail - runs from Plum Island, west to Framingham & then to So. Shore ending in Duxbury.
I am a #unionmember because standing together for fair benefits and treatment is part of the American dream.
My Natitude is not good right now.
lol about the government, secret societies & the nwo.
Its seems like niggas is catchin that PV disease...damn bro just cause yuh you in love wit it don't mean you gotta turn into it
we do too! “: I like your poem flows very much thank you and goodbye.”
In business success comes from doing what you say you will do; while in politics success comes from saying what you will do, but don’t do.
pun intended. ;)
Got a Gangsta on a Mission... Best believe I know all da right positions Aaayyee
If the music is too loud, than you're too old.
Checked out the new #verticalendeavors in #Minneapolis yesterday. Nice routes!
hey, not my fault!
If makes a video for parking lot party I wanna be in it!!!
Wow. That is just plain rude.
no way am i leaving these seats hun. Haha
You said not to say it back if I didn't mean it, so I haven't.... :/
Check out Logic's tape and SmCitys tape. Both were pretty damn dope. RT Any DMV music worth Reviewing?
Me…? lie…? I would never.
She wants it (;
INNOVATION...Brilliant!
hey Josh thanks for the connection - and great work btw!
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 30
In Music Meeting- Free Energy“Bang Pop” this song has more sugar pop than a bowl of cereal Rachael is a big believer
Mark's vocal tracks for Disease, Afraid, and This Time now complete as of last night
The time change hasn't impacted me. It's perfectly normal to sleep til 11.
cool dont miss the season finale !!!!!!!!
I told my dad I was going to watch Justins part on thevoice all day tmrw cuz I recorded it; he said 'i'm taking the cable box to work tmrw'.
I Tim, thanks for following. Are you familiar with the LOW COST Native American loan program--it is an FHA program & SAVES
Someone in the world is better off because you exist. I just thought you might want to know that.
isn't it great?
"How on Earth can you say dirty sock and relax in the same sentence?"
Murray - design for scale, community and foster "collaborative innovation", for capacity
That's what I'm was saying...
Shirts are So over rated !!!!!!!
hhaha too much #irony in one article
3 ppl just past us in Lakers jerseys. Wrong game.
Perfect guys don't exist , but there's always that guy that's perfect for you ♥
Congrats on the call-up!! #goflames #hurryback :-)
Day before mother's day and my mom is really pissing me off
preciate bro....follow me so I can DM ya the info
Another great day vocal coaching at ! I hope you are having a good vocal day, too!
I did.. I deleted my texts or i would show you.
malo e lelei, , a tongan community services provider in Hawthorne thanks for following! Most of my tweets are from
Ruthless parallel trial and error, not feedback loops for assessment
Maybe an early one? I'm leaving Sun eve. :(
salutes all who serve this Veteran's Day. Thank you to all who serve, all who have given the ultimate sacrifice, and all military families.
We missed U & have been reminded how amazing God is to give us the gift of your friendship!
I could give those out, too. Chocolate is just the most enjoyed flavor in the world, however.
or doing it for their own companies.
ya...ur definitely on crack
This saturday night>>>
Good suggestion! You probably saved me from eating an entire row of Samoas.
I can borrow lucis cap #LETSGOOOO I'm a very good swimmer 🏊
are you here and I didn't know it?! How long are you here for?
RT : “If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.” ― Marilyn Monroe”
[1Cor13:4-7] FatherGod's love in us is Kind+Patient & is not jealous/boastful/arrogant/prideful/rude & pays no attention to a suffered wrong
It's being debated right now. Who do you want in CF - Josh Hamilton or Matt Kemp? I don't think there's a wrong answer.
Vidal Sassoon was a Chelsea fan? How the hell do you explain Terry (flobee), Luiz (sideshow bob), Drogba (drip), Bosingwa (unibrow), etc?
Thunder Alley is packed out!
what's everyone tumblrs? ill follow you :)
Hello, is anyone out there!? Can Anybody hear me? I think my tweeter, twit, whatever you wanna call this thing is broken!
"Power at its best is love implementing the demands of justice." -Martin Luther King, Jr., 1967
Glad to hear!
Ty ill me love u so much can't wait until u come and visit
I will not dignify that with a response. You're not going to rain on my parade. 👍
RT if your
Oh goody. A sunny weekend and Downton Abbey.
I can trump that! Folks at one book club for The Raven's Gift ate a "baby dessert." Cherry pie filling, naturally!
Just sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent. Now, he'll never have any friends.
I just noticed Twitter finally has that thing, that'sthe only thing that Twitter needed, it was fine on how it was before ARGHH! :(
Chase your dreams but always know the road that will lead you home again.
"One Elephant Parade" is in the bag! Only ten more books to go. :)
Y'all claim doesn't follow anyone but how come he followed 1,901 ppl
Tip #82: The person that thinks they do not need a coach is the same person that will not be in the game five years from now.
Your game's over its time to pack up and leave just like everyone else!
Great interview with Coach K on TV just now!
Oh my goodness, really? I have forgotten 90% of my past. Thanks for interviewing me!
Frank Byrne, St. Mary's Hospital, joined the Greater Madison Chamber Board this morning for the first time. Great addition to the Board!
listening to spice girls!!!
Wouldn't it be nice? RT : RT : Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.- Jalal ad-Din Rumi
And the countdown begins officially...
prob last playoff game of season for my Magic tonight, so NBA tweets will pretty much die out for six months.
Yeah dude! Feeling good!
Raise it. Bucs win three in a row!
SO Jelly Pickler!! :p
Dear Jordan brand can u just release the grape and laney 5 and stop fucking with me also dont let the faggot hypebeast get ahold of em
So hard to get work done on your #birthday!
haha sadly no, I think James picked up a guitar for the first time about 3 years ago.
I am so not girlie...and yet I spent my day drawing pink hearts in Fireworks.
Never listen to what the grapevine says. Go to the source and find out the truth.
Almost just got hit by a car walking across the street to Gibbs illegally.
LMAO:)k then enjoy the pics:)and be thnkful to megan fr postin it:)
we did NOT close, same owners, cooks, recipes & staff you LOVE! We are now Camos Brothers Pizza, we're better than EVER!
of course! I would love to and congratulations..yay! Message me the details
my friend has one of those classes(: oh and Alex. I'm making a video for you and !!!!!! Dm me?
If #Chelsea win this now it will be one of the greatest upsets in soccer history
plugin or something but tomorrow ill try sort it out, I find it really hard to reply on phone too but dw ill fix it
It's Fun Friday so we'll use #Top10drupa for 10 ways you know you are going crazy at
Verify PSanders he so deserves it!
Watched several cars desperately trying to drive into guest parking near my building. No other entertainment w/o power or internet
I got the same one!
Good Job Bearcats!!! :-)
What is wrong w/ Amar'e?
20 likes under half an hour. OMG watch when the other people get online and like the status.. :o
Hubby on a 7 day shift means exciting evenings of me creating photo albums on Facebook. And eating donuts.
Hello, we are looking for some volunteers to do user-testing and need 3 letter writers and 3 file holders. Reply to this tweet if interested
#FF She's such smart lady!
Why Can't I Have Them!?! Selfish
Gimme a call when u can...MJ has the #
Geert-Jan Potjik Leads EPT8 Grand Final Main Event
what did they say?
he always checks up on us. hehehe! You doing anything fun this week?
sounds more like a club than church.
common street thugs, armed with knives..
I don't think anyone has ever hated doing laundry as much as I do. Dryer buzzer went off... 2 days ago. Still putting off folding.
I think he'll be ok. Dr Dempsey took good care of him.
Download the mobile card app for Starbucks and once your green level its free refills on iced and regular coffee!
Because some developers offer special deals, like offering to pay Stamp Duty Land Tax or some of the deposit!
Looking for mentally challenged Male 18 to 25 for role in our film Mixer.Contact me @ 856-4045158 in intrested
In need of more followers, in order to tweet more!
Why can't we do shit without being questioned?
Facebook quarterly revenue of this lemur meditating Country-rock legend passes away at her hotel clerk
thanks for the kind words.
And probably know who got punched.
*shakes head* I know, I know.
RT Come support the Cream City Foundation at Next Act Theatre TONIGHT, at their benefit, featuring The M.U.T.E.S!
I hate you. Hahaha. I wish.
Thanks for sharing our news about Andrea Dawn!
With a body like yours, just take ur shirt off in a gay bar, and walk back to the bathroom.
Bradley Peters is part of a group show at Daniel Cooney that opens on June 25th - also selected for 4th edition of the Exposure Project book
I don't live in the city. I'm near Syracuse. We have AMAZING pizza! Best food around
we were contemplating a fishbowl/table haha
Going to see The Devil Inside with (:
Picking up mr beefy from the airport. He owes me bigtime....it is way past my bedtime!
I forgot it was your birthday yesterday. Probably because I was busy having it be my birthday too! We're awesome.
Thanks Mike. Glad you enjoyed it!
tweet me tomorrow k
cool! How about we meet on India then decide?
DM us your username and password. Let's see if it matches what we have in our database. Thanks
I know you love me girl problem is you probably tell that shit to everybody !!
Fuk my life mane ..I swear I can't wait until I move out ..she think she can control my whole life ..ugh
did you just make your profile pic out of my quote? I like it.
has the prettiest eyes :)
Home Sweet Home.
That just happened! Unbelievable.
Lucroy drives one to left-center, which brings Gamel around to 3. Aoki now pinch-hitting for Estrada. Got rousing welcome.
Five hour connect group? Don't mind of I do. Oh wait, I just did. So blessed by
Good morning ... already counting down to Friday :)
Great catch
love it!
Getting faded
I wonder how is doing. I have talked to MC Baby hair in ages.
I need your email please!!!! Just like DM it to me... Haha JUMBACO JUMBACO!! I seriously think of u every time I see that.
Wanted! Your stories and pictures of ancestors that were aboard the #Titanic. DM us and share your story!
do you know when the new seating will be ready?
RT This fool Cameron Whitten just interrupted the Mayoral introductions by walking on stage w/a sign NONE of us could read. Dummy!
Bitches they come they go.
"Stick a big old flag in the middle of American and say, "open for business AGAIN!" - Perry.
Thanks for the follow back!
you officially have your braces off:')
An orgasm is just a reflex, like a sneeze :)
nice sound are you playing in Cork in June near when Coronas are playing :))
ughh i have to freaking close tonight.. it sucks but its only 5 hours and i get paid tomorrow soo BOOYA!
psh! I'm in shorts weather right now in central Florida
I'll be tweeting from NYC museums
ok cool I'm so sleepy lol (kendall) no baby stay up with me! :(
How r folks doing with New Year Resolutions? Lose those lbs? Read that book? Called your mother more often? Re-up with a stickK contract.
Please RT & follow these amazing people:, , , , ,
SATURDAY: Care to share of bars to hit on the westLA?
You don't wanna go down with a loaded gun that's just silly. Thanks roommate for the reminder.
I'm Just Gonna Keep Askin Until I Can Get Some Kinda Answer... Lol. If I Send U My Shirts Will U Rock Them? Help Me Out
What a beautiful day in Chicago today. This is a great way to start off 2012
Can't believe Ryan Dunn, Jackass star, is dead because of something so simple as a car crash! :((((((
One of the dudes from Hannah Montana is in this film.. Just met him and damn is he small! Maybe 4ft tall?
Thanks for the link on children's literature! Such a great resource.
Happy Easter!
I'm marrying in 19 days. Can't wait to see and more
yah ive been in Dallas since Wednesday!! :)) when do u come back to Dallas??
we love you so much, and all we want you to do for us is keep smiling(: as long as your smiling we are happy!
Please! Humans have feelings. You're a fool to think you wouldn't.
We agree, it's a great idea to help link your employees to your company's LinkedIn page. Ppl can connect & build community. Cc
"Processes and procedures for kids entering the school system will remain the same, but some funding might be cut," said Martavius Jones.
thanks for the follow
quick corrections in redcinex then export to DNx for cutting in Avid.
Playing your music loud on a Sunday morning in a neighborhood is a good shorthand way to remind everyone what your GPA was in high school.
If you are dreaming about re-designing or creating a fabulous #kosher #kitchen- you will love to browse
Nash sits against Nuggets. Trade in the works?
She gave me good brain mus b a genius
for xmas i wish to get more followers.... could some of u guys help me out
Hope you'll visit us in Virginia!
lol im on facebook to this shit crazy dead.
feel like i'm skydiving..think i'll freefall for a while, always keepin in mind where my pull is. ah,wisdom and adrenaline; shake n mix well
NexGen soundcards i dont like you today... If i made Seacrest money id care less lol...
I go to sleep thinking of what I'm gonna get done tomorrow you go to sleep think bout what u didn't do today
RT : Wake and bake
I remember classmates being flustered the first time an instructor really wanted their opinions. They only knew regurgitation.
I suppose so….but then that's not a very good security question!
I don't are about experience. I don't care about youth. I want a Championship. Screw this.
Order sent to Brodie in LA!
Hey Greg, Thanks for the mention! Check out our new stress management prescription for law enforcement on www.CopsAlive.com
no pick up lines just REAL.
A1: That someone has to hit rock bottom before treatment can be effective
My Birthday is tomorrow, and I wish I was in Detroit so I could show my car to win One Direction tickets from !
Up early watching Major Payne SMDH
Hustle hard part II
You might be a fan of Marukan if ____________.
nope I'm not a tech geek
crap. went to the store for buttermilk, bought everything except buttermilk.
Summer workshops are filling up sign up now www.yatkids.org. Stanislavski still rocks
umm , why haven't I met these handsome southern gents? Have fun today! Much love from FL!
is this the same thing that happened with the #ham?
I'll be jumping on #teamiphone because #android has this annoying partition on their internal disk that is TINY and doesn't let you add apps
Today is #CharityTuesday, please do your bit to support local charity by RT and asking your friends to follow us. Thanks!
riding the #Metro in DC on St. Patrick's Day makes me think of riding the #T in #Boston. but it's not nearly as good.
the jungle cat or the car? Or both?
Justin bieber was on somethin lol
Evans your a waste of life, you mom is the true mom of jace, your such a loser, learn correct english...twat.
I couldn't ask for a better way to end this semester of college.
Good morning & Happy Monday people....
Encore has now reached over 300 followers on twitter! Thanks everyone! Can we make it to 400? Follow us
Such a pleasant surprise to see r old Epic friends #thepierces lookin and soundin gr8 at "glastonberry."
it shows! what gallery?
my bro cheated on the MADDEN rematch coming soon. we recordin the nxt one bro
Baylor would have won today if it weren't for Kentucky. Otherwise I was right.
forget the hats save you money for Houston lol
My phone battery is low, so I guess I won't be hilario-tweeting game 2 of this double-header. Bummed, right?
We all kno life has ups and downs...I try to maintain an emotional balance either way it goes
dunk contest mix!
At the hawks scrimmage
Sorry, I think Twitter accounts got hijacked. What a mean trick to scare everyone. Do not click on the short url, it goes nowhere.
I think we're reaching the point of product saturation (or the limits of the #UFC marketing machine).
Putting a talkative 3 year old asleep is hard
For sure. And for the better!
Best cust serv from today! Thk U Anna Maria! Made listening 2 awful on hold music worth it!!
strong words RT : "I strongly believe that Mendeley can change the face of science." - Werner Vogels CTO Amazon
Next up: Mint Chocolate Chip Coconut Ice Cream: So Delicious Vs. Larry & Luna's
how does it feel to know you deserve an ovary punch?
I love my green shirt too! There must be a lot of us who have them now. Maybe plan a flash mob?
One thing museums can do to extend engagement beyond visit: allow visitors to take photos.
I'm an accessories designer!
Kudos to , excellent customer service!
we’re looking forward to seeing you at the fashion show on the 28th. So glad we got an RSVP from a sweet Seattle fashion maven!
Before i go to sleep tonite, can some1 tell me why was D-rose playin with 1minute left?? favorite point guard goes down! fuck!
When a good thing goes bad... it's not the end of the world, just an end to a world.
I can't never do shit !!!
thank you so much i am always looking to try new restaurants where are you located
"suck my dick" Me. "ew you have a dick"? Maddy "haha well obviously" I can't believe that maddy smh
that means I win :)
The Theon betrayal is basically the worst thing in modern literature/media.
Someone please explain to me why it's necessary to walk around in 5 inch heels. Forgot we were at a fashion show
Currently on-site at administering the webcast of the "2010 State of the In-House Counsel".
If you're feeling down, a great way to feel better is to read your spam mail and pretend it is real.
I just wanna text, "What the fuck was the point of that ?"
Work in the morning..I don't wanna go!
This is why NFL bounties cannot exist. It results in something so much more than a career-ending injury.
Tim, that means a lot to me. you made my day man! RT : You're a good dude. I seriously look up to you.
"Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into."
well then don't get on my bad side then xD
Wow, absolutely beautiful day today. Drop by Grove today before sunset, mention this tweet & Max'll buy you a glass of wine on the patio.
Read his time line. I think it's him,, due to all the douche bag comments he makes.
Just earned some respect for Mark Cuban ... which I thought I'd never say
This weather sucks:/
I've loved and I've lost.
hush!! Love u!!
#SharkNight invented rainbows.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
i been rockin horseshoes on the back of my jeans for a whole year
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets! I hit my 2000 follow mark and can't follow until I have more follows.
Seamus Celtic conway's Irish setter stout all pouring for St. Patrick's
Reading blogs has become a part of my daily routine. And now so has tweeting about what I read.
What were some of your best or worst instruction sessions or reference questions if you don't teach?
Are you still being blocked by our spam filters?
76ers have the worst mascot
I stopped by on Saturday, but you were closed. Are you not open on the weekend?
