Why anyone would go to Chicago in February when it's practically 70 in the Bay is a mystery to me. More misery to write about I guess!
Hey thanks for the RT, feel free to create an account and get started on racenation!
Omg I read 's mentions and holy shit!! They are so funny!! People are attacking them like crazy!! I LOVE IT!!!
"Be kind. Everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
Check out the section of the AAM showcase in the EXPO. At the booth you can meet & converse& draw with artists
no idea what it's even about or for
JEALOUS! i would be like "bamboozled is my jam! let me spit these mau maus verses for you!" he'd be like "go away, crazy."
Set up a new acct using GApps login, then upgraded to premium. Can't sign back in using GApps info. Prompts me to open new acct.
Cause I don't kno how much is to much
I believe that Jews and Arabs can live together. It's not an easy thing but I believe we could arrive at an agreement.
#ITs sad when you watching a movie and yo man know what prison they shot the movie at the first time he see it without them sayn it.
well at least I'm not alone 😝
Back home from a wonderful week in Costa Rica...where do you want to visit? Text You of the day "I want to go to ____by ____."
#Nf Thanks for the Follow😊
Oh, hello Monday! Bring on the sunshine!
my oldest son weighed 10lb 5oz, his mother is only 5' tall
Heaven or Las Vegas..
i got money in the bank, but i feel poor as hell without my whip.
soo ready for the show.
should this nnamdi rumor be reason for excitement?
yal playing any cards ?#gambler #$$$
This afternoon/night was the worst ever.
Huge thumbs up to Kevin Love's mustache!
On the highway...farrest iv ever gone..hands are cold
Today's BTU inspiration: "No snowflake falls in an inappropriate place." ~Zen Proverb
We wish to enjoy more of your tweets! When you follow us, we follow you! In 2011 our Resolution is to bring you the Biz like no other!
how's my boy and ur part time intern doin my guess is phenomenal
Wish media would stop comparing Rory to Tiger. Let Rory stand on his own as his career builds forth.
#cataloging a whole bunch of old perfume. Even Chanel & Dior smell bad after 35 years.
Oh hey there guys playing football on the beach 😉
Just did my parents a favor.
Just picture me shitting on old man Cherry.
or rubies
NEVER SAY NEVER<3
Your mistakes are what make you who you are, don't regret them.
- Brilliant and lazy - that's why we love ya!
Sitting in traffic and watching a lady really getting into singing the Sleepys mattress jingle.
A hangover is the wrath of grapes.
thanks!!! Want me to bring you back something?
the prob is its .008 here & there but just like with ur personal budget, if u do all these little expenses u end up broke
SHOUT OUT TO !!
sup haters? u mad that me & too busy styling to see you? smh
Everyone is born to die , #lame imma gon die with money cos i wasnt born with it #rip heavy D
We ain't gettin no younger boy we might as well do it.
I REALLY didn't see it with Robinson on tape. Surprises me. Don't see him making an impact for year or 2
I made it up the office stairs without completely spilling my #DietCoke, which is a 100% improvement over yesterday's statistics.
haha. Yep, tis me. Did a project for a class, and ended up starting a blog. Help me get followers!
Three of my least favorite words: "Daddy... I'm Done!!"
Repubs outmaneuver Obama by taking populist stance, telling Fed not to tamper with economy. Big risk if Obama takes bait and gets in debate.
it was awesome having lunch with you. We will def do it again soon
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Ask and It Is Given The Four Agreements
wish i could see some friends i havent got to see in forever!
Megamillions just hit $640 MILLION for tonight's jackpot!!!
i jelly of you icon, is that you?
Good morning y'all ! Brother comes home today .. ♥
where r u getting a tat at? Loves this new BB locale...lets meet for a drink here soon!
#WhyDoPeopleThink it's ok to bully? To make other people feel uncomfortable in their own skin?
no problem man, traffic was a total bitch!
holla at me... inbox info
Good luck with your internship meeting today! You'll find something exciting, I'm sure!
cause I emailed you! Derrr. I was my only way to talk to you while at school, so until I get my phone, I will use email.
nigga get on fb now its important
Rude ass guys..
thank you! I get so bored dressing up for work, so the blog forces me to be a little more creative.
Sarah, could you please call me at (608) 692-6137. Sandy Cullen, Wisconsin State Journal
SAME : happy to find myself in the 19% of non blacks who still follow #TrayvonMartin and care if his killer is prosecuted.
Yes and if you are going to trott around topless sweetie, I am your Gay friend!
#CoachellaLive liking Tame Impala so much right now. Ahh yeahh.
How yo tongue game gone b weak n u think u fuck
"She's an #Aussi can't we waive her late fee?" - Bobby, Adventures of JAB (Jane Ace & Bobby) airs in March
Was Nate Schierholtz asleep at the plate? That was right down the middle. But in general 2-for-16 with RISP.
Wow. What a finish -- but no goal for Barcelona. Chelsea wins 1-0.
using two computers at the same time, like a BOSS
Instead of generic "philosophy," describe specific examples of where you enact your approach to teaching
Fab game, well fought.
glad you enjoyed our food! Follow us to get the lowdown on our weekly specials!
Heading 2 Central Park...We are Loving the Big Apple!
Love summer. Love it.
actually suiting out tomorrow w/ dude we have to bring like a lot of shit tho like deodorant and ur straightner hairspray etc. (:
Just what needed!!! Let's go now!
Only dykes have tongue piercings
thanks for watching the show. glad you enjoyed.
nevermind I got it
Your biggest blessing today is LIFE!....Be grateful :)
So much great information tonight B&E training. What progress & improvement!
Thanks for listening! :)
Well, that didn't take long. I've now ditched Exchange and am officially on
Thank you! It was a great way to end a great week. :)
of course! Let's do a happy hour soon
yeah i have made mistakes and i no and god forgave me for that .
looks awesome.
can we ever get weather for Lapel? Storm updates
I dont feel good. Not gonna be online as much. :/
St. Patrick's Day Sip & Shop Tomrrow 12pm to 6pm
Confirmed!! and we cannot wait!
Will trade COM t-shirt for one (1) kangaroo. When are you back in the States?
Dammit man where my peoples at ???? The beach where give me light???twit pics all day. LOL real twitter LOL
is bamboozled with new ideas, and excited to "cut some grass" this weekend for green building projects!!!
Who can pass up doughnuts? Hall Council has doughnuts for you at 8am tomorrow in the Seton Lobby and Classroom Building.
woo! Window open~ wind chimes, fresh air, finally some blue sky peeking through!!:)
Why didn't anyone tell me that flossing feels so good? Dang.
can you say Clairol??? Lol. Love and miss you Jo!!!
One final down, one to go!!! Go Rachel!
Jeff ruby's is superb!!!
yes, we have! We definitely appreciate and relate to their mission and goals. cc:
Where is that?! My bocce form, shake hands with God (you have to see it) RT : new bar in Denver "Matchbox". bocce!
grilled...asparagus :D
So mad. Ugh tears of anger, man
Great game w/ awesome seats out of the rain and kicked San Fran's ass! #thunder #lightening THANK YOU!!!
Big Boy Gone Bananas! is one of the best doc. I've seen this year! Telling the truth is never easy, even here in the US.
LOL RT Is this the real Caesars Palace? Did Caesar really stay here?
Pack stockholders can vote on team business, including the board of directors, and attend annual meetings. Do you do that?:P
we need Instagram on BlackBerry!
Don't you just love the look of a freshly painted home? Not the smell so much:Try using a low-VOC paint to reduce the emissions and smell.
didnt he do that the other night between home and 3rd?
RT I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
I'm going to start living in the past...i had more fun there.
Leaving seventh period :) #ThankGod :P Can't wait to see my little cousin graduate from head start :') !!!!!
I want to congratulate Charlie Strong on getting the head coaching job at Louisville. Thanks for the great years in Gainesville.
Mike Stanton.
Wishing all our friends a Happy Easter. We will be closed today to celebrate with our families. Count your blessings!
Totes auditioning for collabatsea!
The officer wears a microphone on his uniform, anything anyone says around him can be picked up on this microphone and recorded.
Heading to Napa Valley tomorrow for a few days. I'll probably have a glass of wine or two..
email just got me so pumped for Miami.
PDA on the northline.... what ever did i do to deserve that show?
Whoever you are you have to see The Help!!
interested in doing a fund raiser? dm me.....happy to help- we have done many...
can't believe i walked home at 4 this morning
Our opportunities to do good are our talents. ~Cotton Mather
Bought Sam Adams Winter Pack from Costco last night. Way better than the Autumn Selection. Enjoyed the porter. Beer on a budget!
Green mill jazz club tonight. 9-1. Swing night
Goodnight everyone
Too bad RT : Sandusky out of centre County correctional facility
~~~Well we have flu all the time, reports say some people are recovering, from the swine fiu, so i do not think this is.
ok... what rock have been under... Janes Addiction reunited...the Music Gods got together and made Me Happy Again.
Besides public, I've Google+ circles for intimate Salons with my artist peeps, spiritual peeps, my blog's community, professional peeps.
dont like em, they just announced a public offering, and they already have too many shares = BAD, STAY AWAY.
and why do you love me already?and ok!!!
Yeah, that's a good thing. Haha.
no problem
So at school today this girl was like "who is Brad Hall?" to this other girl and I'm just like...... I be him.
what events do you recommend
Where u at pimpin?!
me too!!
On Monday, we'll be setting up a new goal for the rest of the month. One that will let us pay the crew.
I believe you! Have I told you lately that I love you? Let's go! Do you like cookies and cream!?
Back in #hollywood for friday night!
Gcb is the worst show ever... so far.
Got second place last night at the battle of the bands!!! pc4pc???
Hey I know Favia I know Dane also!!! Small world isn't it?
Yes, 4 times a week! Do you have lessons?
Why thank you for the support on Saturday:)
: Pretty sure you guys are real people, not just Tweets, right? Right?! ;)
nahh uh me to ha
wear #orange this week..
Ah, music. A magic beyond all we do here
Don't be afraid of chile heat.
I love you to!!!
Bitch, please. My cellphone battery last longer your relationship.
Thanks for the great interview, Let's talk more about the undead soon!
So cute. Did someone just abandon them?
very sad indeed! 😭 I feel like senior year is pretty much over now that MML is over :(
I need a lesbian best friend...no joke.
aye are we roomin up for shena wedding?
one more wee ill see u soon chika
#54-Asante Samuel-CB-Philadelphia Eagles
has been doing sets until he sees spots ... AWESOME!
oh I live off child support
You don't realize how much emotional pounds you are carrying by being overweight until you lose the physical ones.
#TNT please come up with a solution. I don't want to watch another OT
. et al: Archives + freelance bloggers = publicity.
Part 2 of Frontline's special heavy w journo intvws - great journos but too many - v diff from Part 1 which had more principle intvws
#Dodgers fans just clicked on the Van Slyke button.
at burger kin for some
I'm not complaining lol
Thanks--great to meet you, and so glad you made it to the show.
have an awesome & productive day!!
we have bi-weekly ed cal mtgs, I (team of one) schedule in HootSuite. cc
You are so Lucky! I think it would b so fun n an Honor to hve the opportunity to b on Glee!
mT : On the 3rd day, Jesus rose from the grave & administered a standardized test to hold his disciples accountable. [nice one]
Wishing nails wouldn't love my tires so much.
Thanks! We currently only offer sales online, because of that- we only charge a flat .99 shipping rate for ordering online!
TOO MANY DAMN GNATS. 😠
gotcha. Thought u were speaking code. I don't have any pre-purchased after the month of May. Will ask you l8r for l8r dates. :)
but ill lie if i have to, cause you don't say you love me to your friends when they ask you
this is just a typical day in the city! Lol
I'm winning! RT : Yup, and I are fighting about #fringe and quantum physics
Follow us for the best deals and prices
There is a one direction page in the newspaper at school. People keeps asking if they are gay. Its a picture from when they first started.
Day two sis and GM had an out off this world whale experience this am.
Calling all Biz Kid$ Real members....!!!!! We have our next group meeting on TUESDAY, July 5th from 12 to 4 pm @ Edgerton Rec Center
Search "integrate Twitter into PowerPoint" to have interactive presentation polling audience.
:) waiting for new MM photos Kelly says
Idk why i'm up already when I still got time to sleep...still tired..but i'm in a ridiculously good mood! :D
At the polling place to vote!
cruised round new police yard area east of little tokyo, saw no police staging 1 hour ago. #occupyla. can someone track this stuff?
Labrinth is looking sharp
Always remember the three magic words: You're right dear.
I've always wanted a singular, focused vision, but I'm very pleased by how this whole "1 thing leads 2 the next" thing has worked out for me
": awww jus close ur eyes it won't hurt dat badd :)....dependin on where u get it"....Nah!! I'm good....LOL
It's so funny how people act like they never seen tiddy's before
Northbound Red Line at Belmont: We are experiencing a delay waiting for signal clearance. We expect to be derailing shortly.
i'ma hit u up in a sec fam...rt
I dont care about anything anymore
WOW, I'm so glad/blessed that I followed my discernment & not my mind or heart!!! I avoided a real bad situation!
Nice run along the river this morning.
Hope it is going well today
thanks for following me... I followed back!!
yeah, my HTC barely works, on a good day I can answer a call -- usually it's just rebooting itself. My GF had the same problem :(
Nice lunch mtg with Gayle. VSAI has some great things going on! Go VSAI!
did you see any of my messages on the big screen!?!?
What a lovely day 6 hour drive then 7 1/2 hours in west end central. 9 x 9 cell. Marvellous.
Out of touch
great info thx
Giving a fuck was never on my to do list.
#YehudaBauer at "no precedent in human history for nazi ideological killing" but it's moral imperative to prevent
"you can close your eyes to something you dont want to see, but you can close your heart to things you dont want to feel."
Everyone who tells everyone to follow will be promoted to 150k followers :p
a covo about howw austin donates his cum to hungry children and we woork for him we make him cum
I'm really tired but don't feel like sleeping! Dm me people ☺
Proud of hubby He & Charles Johnson just sold their first short story collab: "4189" to Burning Maiden anthology.
am I the only one not that excited for the #RoyalWedding?
Gonna check out Hot Wing Pizza, Tater Tot Slop, and some Improv Comedy at 's Thanksaversary Tonight. 1909 Locust 8pm.
Amazing that Flyers are still ahead 1-0 when they only got what.. 1 shot during the 2nd? Devils have almost triple the shots. Bryz is crazy.
Thank U
“: is it possible?”- me thinks NOT
At least you have confidence in your abilities...
Everytime I hear him I only hear Floop (my kids loved the movie) I must get over this.
I thought you were north!
twitter world wat up
First denver celeb sighting. Tommy lee at a sushi joint.
My brother just text me and told me that our family reunion is July 7th.
Who do you want to fuck first, me or the knife?
hanging out with my bestfriend <3
i would love to give you a pair! (now that i'm working and i'm no longer a daddy's girl) :)
Looking for a PRIME location for your Food Cart? We have one!
I dont think they do but whatevs
Update via TX AG's office: The state's request for a stay on the PP suit permanent injunction was granted
1975 Print Ad Converse 39The Winner39 Tennis Shoes for SEARS- tennis shoes
Talk is cheap actions speak louder then words
wait..WHY DID SELENA DELETE HER INSTAGRAM ?
whod have believed Hawks would not win a po game @ the UC
Diggin the new avatar bro
Went to Whistler today. Some stupid idiot drove too fast and killed himself after flipping his truck. Plase take your time and save a life.
put it like this if bron was doing what wade been doing all game u woulda been at him too hard. it was one quarter
Looking for an Ad Operations Manager for a Downtown client! Great pay: $60K! Apply online or contact us at 414-272-4544 today for details!
I want to get a tattoo when I get older.
the small people are relentless!
It's Friday!! Check out and give him a follow!! Fellow Sparty, but he was way cooler than me in college.
What a night! Who's at the diner right now?
Not much left with 12 teams and 4 SP and 2 RP spots starting. Sucks Luebke got hurt. He was my steal.
Fantasy factory (;
so how was your day?
one of my inspirations , inspiring me every day, she makes me thin about all the time ive wasted on haters <3
"Dear Communicator" is not an acceptable way to begin an email. Thanks for trying, but my name is Sarah.
For students need new content, engage new users.
Fellas, remember when y'all was young n a chick came over to watch a movie, bet u don't know what movie y'all watched #hornymonsters lmao
i didn't use public folders much before, so i can't say I
Half of us in the living room and the other half in my room, why the separation?
my trip to atl was was GOOD!!! DID wat i had to do nw its bck to cali
Anchor Steam. Egg Foo young. FAMILY THICKER THAN MY OWN FUCKING BLOOD. Feels so very good man.
THANK YOU.
When I call you ugly I don't always mean your face.....Sometimes I'm meaning your personality
it's fun watching apple make babysteps in the social networking world. Ping ping!
I thought that looked like Venice! I'll stop in Wales for my retrieval crew.
You shouldn't have to fight over your bf. Wtf?? That's YO DUDE, so why in the world are you fighting over what's yours?? -____-
Maybe if I were skinnier. Maybe if I were prettier. Maybe if I didn't wear glasses. Maybe if I had longer hair.
i mean Friday
Shirt off my back I wouldn't give you the snot off my tissue.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-76
Be cool if twitter posts from geekli.st included a hashtag, #geeklist or
can you DM me your email address? Thanks! -Ayres
hey stranger lol
Be humble for you are made of earth, be noble for you are made of stars. ~ Serbian Proverb
But rain falls at I boredom.
Yes, mine is calendar updates. I have to shutdown before bed or it wakes us
Cubs games, rest of WGN back on DirecTV
funny story, i heard your mom was the rugby queen once.
don't be hatin;-P
“: best corn rows in the history of the nba” - #Truth!!!
Mothers. Everywhere.
Mice don't bite. Right? Yeah. Mice don't bite. DON'T FIGHT ME ON THIS.
But not so sure about #PGA TOUR's move to push start of season to the fall. PGA vs #NFL, coll football = Tough2Win
“Compassion automatically invites you to relate with people because you no longer regard people as a drain on your #energy.”
This is the best kids' birthday party ever!
Jake thatcher of Node 1 says must see what company is NOT doing and why so can detrmine roo for improvement
Yikes, watching a contractor rip out a section of wall from my home is more dramatic than I expected. Might have emotional scars from this.
I have not yet tried like I should of
o.o
Anyone ready to see tonight at #ClosetSundays?
I would love to hear the old Mr. Tony's mailbag jingle on PTI sometime. I used to sing along with it when he was on the radio.
Less then 24 hours till NSN concert. 😍
patience is a virtue, pain run deep when love desert you, listenen to whispern, choosin chaos over discipline . . . Simpletons
u know we r on blackatlas.com and r the grannies on safari tv show? is that right?/ help!
I Need A Drink..
High-dose caffeine safe, lowers risk of motor disorders in preemies: study
Feeling very happy today..... ;)
For high school?
Drink Bleach if you said Lebron wont #clutch !!!!!!
be sure to talk about ur new blog
thanks! glad you enjoyed ;)
The more willing you are to surrender to the energy within you, the more power can flow through you. -Shakti Gawain
RT yup! We're gonna get our sexy on with
I appreciate the AC on the bus, but I'm not a penguin.
that might work! Let's talk Sunday about it!
watching it right now
I still miss pulling for .
Hot Rod is my favorite non-porno, porn named movie of all time
In Mali, Art as Real as Life Itself - New York Times
and I never found my shoes...:)
awesome show at linneman's last night! i'm a lucky gal to have such a great band and so many supportive chums!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you been dodging your dad and when he get to your granny house you ask him fo a ride home
Our new web show is well on its way to being online next week!
true freedom comes when we don't try to control our thoughts and feelings, and they don't control us.
Beauty Contests In India: What Is Special About Them? Let the pictures speak for themselves!
True! Or I guess you could just wait. That is a convenient option when you're traveling forward in time.
Thanks for retweeting us! We really appreciate everything is doing to support us
going to sleep. if you followed me while I was asleep you'd make all my dreams come true. Please don't shoot me down;)
On our way home from a beer bar and restaurant tour of NYC. Found lots of fun ideas. What's your favorite beer bar?
Ginormous thanks to and everyone who came out tonight to Houston #NET2 !
Can we get a confirm/deny on whether those fixes worked for you? Still more to do. . .
how will the brewers finish??
got one of those recently, too-- I hope it's not a trend
We have sculpin available all week – starting on Monday in San Diego and La Mesa.
WOO! Finally got to 300 likes! <3
Rajanna is full of drama, love and actions. Go see this movie and you'll enjoy it.
Thank YOU!
"When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe then you will be successful" - #stateofmind. Make it a productive day.
you should go to school for music like its def your passion. Who knows maybe sum you can be the best at that too
My hangover called in sick today. Baking potatoes.
We are strangers again,but this time with memories
Just met the new staff of the new Buffalo Wild Wings at the Woods. Where are you ??!! (also in with )
I should start going to church again.
I know someone who is great at crafting but hasn't blogged in a whle. She does paper crafts, sewing, quilting, jewelry-making...
nice so I got most of the day to go.. Which one??
The INTEX show is about to start, make your way to booth #736 to visit Kraft.
butt butt u would love my fat cock, I'm serious! #BEAUTIFULASS !
We are excited to welcome Melinda White (), to the Board!
While Lamb and Livingston slaved in the Palais basement, Yujia Wen was sitting in on daily seminars a few doors over
I'm still trying to figure out how I spent 40 dollars at 1.50's last night.
Thanks!! And #FF to you! You're awesome.
yeah!! I love that movie!!
it may be impossible for me too
well, hey there, aaronrunner.
O, won 2nd in my age grp at todays tri race EVEN THO I missed the run turnoff & ran an extra mile!
Really? Congrats! What are you doing there?
no that's friday
My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government. - Thomas Jefferson
FOX: ... May Have Uttered Slur Before Shooting. A white kid was sentenced for a hate crime because he uttered nigga in fight last year> I ..
First lunch of the season on Magnolia's sidewalk. Welcome back.
": I need a side job. If I knew how to sell drugs I would."
Nice. Now I'm jonesing for Nothing Left Inside and don't have it at work. Thanks.
2 out of 3 bikers sporting #TFTS buttons during my morning commute through 7th & Madison NW
Happy thanksgiving from the Austin Toros and the Capital City Dance Team!!!!!
People are so ungrateful these days.
meeting was a success. ball is rolling. remember, if you can donate time, instruments, food, expertise, please DM!
Good Morning Beautiful day NYC!
I'm not sure I agree with Barbara Kellerman and her thesis about "The End of Leadership!" It all depends on your definition of #leadership!
GO BRUINS!
love and so want a pair they are hott!!
how bout you go to sleep? (coughs *liar!) ltm., im just kidding, ily.")
Audition 2day, another callback Thursday. Lets get it.
Parks & Rec, BES and PBOT up next. Dir Abbate lists how parks support the goals of the
no because your from the south and that's unusual for a southern girl to speak proper English.
It's amazing what you could hide just by putting on a smile.
When life is filled with tension, find reasons to love...
Danke!!! I feel a bit OLD to be wearing such items ;
Our attitudes shape our world!
i have the EXTREME URGE!!!!! to climb on TALL THINGS!!! then most likely blow shit up ;) #STWOF <3
can give the impression from someone attended the event but it was great for me to follow what was going on
Loving the weather!!
ik you hate me its cool😔
i have a love hate relationship with scary movies
I HAVE TO GET NEW RECORD!!!! gwiserudgwf I'm obsessed.
Don't let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big.
thanks so much!
Artillery demo is only a hook. See how many folks show up for a thoughtful discussion about emotion in CW.
You two are too kind. I'm only as good as my team! “: For sure!”
Well, its Friday and I am ready to get it on tonite. going out on the town, see what I can get into.
I'm losing my MIND over here. OH NO IT'S NOT SCROBBLING nevermind
But i got my change a clothes and sneakers in the Nike duffy though lol
READ PYTHON BY CARINA NOLAN HELL SLITHERS LUST SIMMERS HOT NEW FLORIDA THRILLER
Had the weirdest dream man
Me, too. Interesting merger. I'll email u a couple of pix from the Pro Cyc. Challenge. It was a kick to see the pro's up-close.
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!OH and CUTE(:
Pancho's at Summer and White Station!
so we're goin for sure?!
Every single day I'm forced to add yet another name to the list of all the people that can kiss my ass!
My dream team muscle for cheese like Eric Bischoff.
anyone know how to transfer an page into go daddy or is it possible?
yes I'm the one who wearing purple shirt ;)
significant loopholes are available to big biz not small biz they do get the write off for staring up and having a biz
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." - Truman Capote
Try just combing it straight back with your fingers.
thank you!
We will have the #Masters on all day!! And #mariners start at 6:05!!
I never realized how corny these daytime novelas are until I sat down and watched one
I'm craving Chinese food!
i have to be the most paranoid person ever.
Hahaha. You Bring One. Ill Bring One
where can I find your 2012 schedule of rides?
Team Wags Walk 4 Autism thanks u for your generous donation!Please visit skweezcouture.com 4 their amazing collection!
open talk you tell me what's on your mind.
No school on friday!!!!
been here a couple months now. Feel free to join when you want
Room service now available at the RI/SHS River North! Check out Zoom Service from !! www.hub51chicago.com/
TONIGHT @ ONE UP Classic Wednesday's!! Time to dance and party with DJ Automatic playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music
South beach could always use another good salon! ;)
two pool tables, two ping pong tables, hockey game, and Live Video DJ tonight. Come on by!
When are you coming to TX and is coming then too?
Most notably if U want to comment, but also if you want to make sure it actually appears in follower feeds
Hpy mamas day 2 u RT : Happy Mother's Day! Thinking of - hope you are all chillaxing
RT - ♪ If YOU LOVE [good] music ♫ ♪ If YOU LOVE [livin'] life ♫ ► Promote Positive
*correction: if I don't NOT want kids....(if that makes sense) lol
says her Alt-ac background makes her a unique resource for student learning in Connecticut College library
Glad you were able to stop by RT #inn12 learning how to engage my students with instructor highlighting and notes.
They say that good things take time, & really great things happen in the blink of an eye <3
that can't be you in that picture! #effedupdriverlicensepic #jcnights #jkhomie!!
Be sure to stop by tonight for First Friday. We're going to be giving out poems for
Where are you going?
where to be exact?
Hahaha ok. Do you see what I'm seeing? It's like light or something right behind your left ear!
Picking up some of my siblings at LAX then off to the Viper Room in #hollywood for an EP release party for -
did you ever have those moments when you responded to a potential client and totally misspelled their names
Dese hatas they gone hate on me like anyway (*flips hair) 💁
And so it begins: RT : Discussing lean startups with and !"
Well. Today shall be interesting.
woo!! Sirius hits 1 dropped some "only one" with some love this AM!! Great track!
Big thanks to and for a great
I've only seen the aurora borealis once. Oddly enough, it was in my pants.
I'm what Willis was talking about.
That thing where I don't actually sleep through the night for a few weeks...
I am very blessed to see the next year, let alone my next minute. I love The Lord, and I will continue to love Him eternally.
Blastbeats or breakdowns? GO!
ugh, why is your face like that?
So when does he start talking campus aid reforms? Ha ha. No.
did she sound happy when she said I was moving ? :/
It's whispering to me.... oh my god what is happening.
u read for points!!! Lmao
SparkFun Electronics Launches Education Website to Bring Electronics into the Classroom
last place, yeah buddy!!! I'm winning fantasy basketball next year!
Mornings piled up like a stack of mattresses, memories pushing at the foam silicone and causing everyone back pain.
So much to do before my week in NOLA Oy Vey...
Bring me some BBQ..
Event Space available at the Grand Lodge on 8.28.10 in the Compass Room. Contact a Sales Coordinator for more info at 503.992.9530.
i appreciate the support and retweets.
Ladies... All my favorite ladies ♥ where y'all at?? Holla back!!!
u better not!
Home early bcuz I'm feeling sick :/
Anyone else running the Parkway Half Marathon tomorrow? :D
RT : Designer: Boyish look kicks off Paris fashion week: A model wears a creation from designer Corrado de Biase as p......
That is awful...I'm sorry to hear that. :( The arts is always the first to go.
I'm already crafting a Tweet for just such an occasion. Perhaps I need to give someone Twitter power of attorney.
Oh thank goodness, just wanted to make sure I wasnt the worst hockey player there
umm kind of, not really. hah
thanks so much! We appreciated all the students and community who came to the play. BTW looking forward to your final paper!
Almost died today...nbd!
heyy cuties who's up?
This chocolate can definitely meet the chocolate craving and ordering in bundle will grant a great discounts
Just wrote another banger for the homie
Good luck! RT Heading to Talladega this afternoon. First time racing there I'm pretty excited!
Up early to head to Montreal for 2 days of sales calls & #MTLvNY with
big fan of your music here in saint Paul mn. Can't wait to hear more!
If I See Destiny Talkk About Drake 1 More Time , Tomorrow Ima Slap Thee Dog Sh*t Out Of Her . -,-
cool I'm down. Hit me up next week bro. Show them how it's done ha Hope it's tackle football, none of that touch football lol
no more sky light, so no more peeping tom...I hope
heading the launch of social media at a University. Learning the difference between posting engaging content & meaningless fluff.
When you coming to Atl??
Thank you you keep reading, I'll keep writing
“: My glove is my Bestfriend > it's never lie or cheat :)”
TONIGHT! Burro Bar! You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Trust Issues
I'm your new follower :D
teaches all a lesson to stay for the credits. Respect the crew who worked on it, and learn some cool facts too!!!
#prop8 is out and #glee is on tonight. it's a good day.
I woke up this morning and thought PANCAKES MUST HAPPEN NOW
RT : Hop to it! to a Simon Mall to get a pic with the #EasterBunny & help !
Less than two hours to get to , try some sweet, sweet Chameleon cold-brew, and tweet us some beautiful pics! #coffeeevolved!
austin just tweeted this account!!!!! :)
IPO.... What do you guys think?
I see what you did there. I'm still ironing out the details of the theme
Even you do called thugs wanna fall in love..don't front
Excited to see my new area and how it bussels with peeps and business enjoying husbands time together as a real married couple...peaceful
hahaha. Hadn't played since December. Totally understand!!
haha best SNL in a long time I'm from Denver and my favorite skit was the Denver Broncos Jesus skit #Dec17SNL Funniest one yet
So silent, so calm. So lost. Thousand ways to nowhere.
Your Welcome :)
Walking or any cardio in general has both physical and mental benefits, reap the benefits of both
Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved
never have I ever not been this tired- if that even makes sense?:p
Sometimes you miss the memories, not the person.
hmu with any plans, we may ditch the beach for ya'll
Ha! I'm totally going to do that. Chimney would be cool if it somehow came from 19th century London.
Just Wanted To Say To The 2 Followers That I Lost ... FUCK YOU !
Can Music help you blog better and rock to Drake www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Cautiously optimistic that #patriots pull this out #gronkowski rules
Thanks . Much success on Repo Games, Unique Idea, Great Show!
Being within 1 mile of Disneyland is a terrifying experience for those who are contemplating starting a family.
Studio all day!!
Thanks for the mention! Harrisonburg, VA is my home-town!!!
": I was just thinking about U the other day" lol I get that alot. How was homecoming?
I want ice cream
OMG thats what happened to my mom ... Compton will change you lmfao
Ya cross me, it ain't gonna be fun..ya gonna be tap dancin into cement shoes..
Twist and Shout, Get Outta My Way (Kylie Minogue), Bye Bye Bye
Someone is having a melt down today one row over. Lots of 4 letter words and he is getting louder. Yikes!
it would indeed!
just finished my interview w/ Olivia Munn, our July Del Mar Races Issue cover girl!
At APU pullin nothin but #SHANANIGANS we go on around 8 if anyone wants to come chill :-)
Where can your book be purchased? Where is book signing?
New business pitch in Boston today. The chase is the fun part. Still not as fun as a solid #kronum run.
well I sure do miss y'all. We need to Skype sometime.
thanks for the #shoutout :)
I agree - Wallace fell off 2nd half of the season. Brown made most of the big plays when it counted...
Just finished an on-screen interview about the library's mobile app.
"You look tired" isnt it just a polite way for someone to tell you that you look like "sh!t."
Updating my library's account at the same time as , who we follow. <3 the deluge of good books between us. :D
Guide to 2012 western Montana summer camps
Honeys I'm home
yes it will! :)
I feel like breaking down
Jerome Randle has opted to return overseas and has left the team
This is what you need to do right now. Follow the FSU Hospitality Gala !!!
i have tickets for Bone Thugs -n- Harmony (2/5/12) & Theophilus London (2/6/12) at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
that make be a good thing you don"t remember her
Judging By These Old Pics Of U...I Have To Say U Came A Long Way My Friend...-
Been sleep since about 7pm yesterday. Think my body is finally caught up from only having two hours of sleep Thursday night.
I follow conservatives to see why they think, but you are just rude.
A UConn graduate claims that Internet poker nearly destroyed his life
You da man, Rich.
Feels great to be back in the #Burgh with
i wonder if we asked his friends about the prank call hahahha
At JFK with Dave and chuck heading to hong kong then manilla. all I know is it's gonna be a thrilla.
That FML moment when you hop into bed, get under your covers, then realized you forgot to turn off the light.
The Parker bros #dreammachine was unreal
Montez, a Salazar confidant & US Commission on Civil Rights, said he recalled Salazar saying colleagues at #LATimes disliked his reporting.
Hi Tweeps! Haven't been on this in a while! Tnight on 10, we're on the scene of a huge Urbandale apt. fire... tune in for the latest!
I would rather say 'I love you' just once and truly mean it than say it a thousand times and never mean it once.
Miss you too babe...come back soon!!!!!
Selling tickets at the dance gala! Come see me!
Screenplay Live! Winner and writer, Lorraine Portman is in #Roc. Hear her work Sat. at 3:30.
oh.. Idk then, those wristbands are in very high demand!
for what it's worth, I regularly click on your emails to donate only to realize you don't take paypal & my wallet isn't w/ me.
Lol, it's so sad it's beautiful! *sniff sniff*
no!!!!! Don't ruin my team with that foolishness. One Iso player is enough. Anymore is the end of the run
STUFF IT LIBERALS AMERICA IS A DEMOCRACY IF I WANT A CHRISTIAN STATE AND A CHRISTITUTION IT'S MY FUCKING RIGHT TO SAY IT.
LOVE Rooney Mara!!
I was worried I had slept through the windy season. Thank goodness I was wrong!
hahahaha I didn't know I looked like that xD
great! Currently at the 1:30 session in 3B on "sexifying parliamentary initiatives" in Poland
I'll take dealing w/ white trash over he snot bag event I had to put up w last night any day.
Every 11:11 I wish for the same thing.
Ok UNC - get together!! You are messing with my brackett!!!!
Zeke is working on the kid's third language. Backyardigans in Spanish :)
Dramatic! Amanda #Knox found not guilty in Italy.
they try to "welcome to the jungle" me.....
You gotta see: hottest thing in candles
our first UMS lecture class was canceled on Mon thanks to the hurricane, so I'm here til 7 EST to answer student questions.
what's good singer? Cant hear from you.
Trust me my friend you haven't seen anything yet #Soccer is about to go vertical and you know nobody out works me and my team
If only I could pull off the stache!
#virginamerica row 7 sucks; seats don't go back and if idiots in 6, recline, your're squeezed. Either no seats should recline or all should.
Dunno, but that sounds right. "A fakeitude of collective nouns"?
If there is a winner, it will post by 2 or 3am later tonight!
text me
You're strong You're wonderful You're worth it<3
thanks for the mention!
Can you please just like... STOP
Your number 20 bus just passed by stop 723 without stopping. 4 people were waiting.
So, who's planning on voting for Honest Abe over Scott Walker? Anybody?
Well #IfWeJustSmashing then you can't use my bathroom.
Must say almond milk with vanilla tastes so much like 2% milk it blows my mind! Love it
Soiree Style: Elizabeth Olsen & Felicity Jones Get Retro in Gotham What 's better than one fashionable maven? Two! Especially when each t
beautiful cold crisp winter day in NYC. Brunch with new friends! Can't wait.
I know it is. But I've seen people who want Green at second and Ishi at first.
I agree it's lame to tell u that your gonna be unfollowed just to have another follower
pujlos will sign a ten year deals with philadelphia for 260million
I'm still trying to get it sorted out. Who knew it was so hard to get your book in the right category?
Agree, but "non-art" is very broad category: history, science, tech, specialty, etc.
Woo hoo! Congrats on a first draft! I always think it's easier to tweak something than start from scratch! Good luck with edits
“Every situation, properly perceived, becomes an opportunity to heal.”
": I use to eat Hot Sauce on my Hot Cheetos" u like hot stuff
lol and how exactly did you find that video of that girl dancing??
Is this Spain's year?
VP Biden speaks later this AM on student loan interest rates to group of student reps at EEOB (cc )
#tosurvivemyknicksrantyoumayneed The hammer from Donkey Kong, a sponsor from Hunger Games, The A from Alvin's shirt, The Force...
very excited for you two to meet--i think you guys will get along quite well!
But I'm not blaming the band, I'm blaming the idiots who make the tour decisions
haha awesome good luck with that, can't wait to read it
America, Obama's mission is to break the will of the American people. We need to stop him. Americans are losing everything, it's stops now
Crazy Metal Jewellery These things are hard to understand
3rd place in archery....next up Philadelphia ;D
What do you think is the best crime theory and why?
Have not opened a restaurant there yet...but definitely try XOCO by Best torta we've ever had!
yes at May 6th I will email you the deets! Thanks!!!!
about to get my fist down their throats
There are 1.7 million TBI cases each year. The most commone cause of TBI is falls. 16% of TBIs are caused by workplace accidents. Be careful
CHAMPIONSHIP GAME!
RT : NE extreme candidate #Deb Fischer knocks off establishment favorite. R's base trys to win extremist...
Update! Ad Club Bowling Happy Hour @ Star Lanes is actually Thursday, Jan 19! Sry guys! Can't get a perfect strike every time!
glad you enjoyed #sharktank. great show.
- so glad you got to meet Melissa. I really enjoyed working with her when we staged #GonzalesCantata! Thank god for !
#Aries where MB will take you on your birthday: fancy dinner
Keep in mind this is an album not a mixtape.
That is worse than BO. We are using it to trap fruit flies right now.
Even the happiest people have down days.
I follow big Twitter accounts on that. :D
I always catch myself doing the #ToeTappy tho! :))
I love love the Nook!
Thanks for following
Hey girl! I like your face!
GloZell does cinnamon challenge with a ladle?! This is spicing up! Tweet ya later!
I want some magic spray.
BITCH, it's a baby shower, not the club. Put some clothes on.
YES! Thank God... "Weinergate" keeps getting bigger and bigger! HEYYOOO
Tell ur friends tell ur boyfriends I want to get too a 1 k followers hook me up guys
This stupid bitch sat next to me to see what I'm doing on my phone. -.-" still using twitter though ahahaha
anecdotal: aunt in Monona 300 something at 9:30 am and poll workers commented that's quite high for time/place
100% of all lunch sales today go to benefit "Girls to the Rescue". SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. GIVE BIG!
thank ya(:
hope U are smiling :) because i know you're #PiPeRiFiC !!!
niggaz need to stop being so fucking its bout to 2012 cut that out
Just had a blast sitting in on podcast with Matthew Bassette. A Browns fan & a Steelers fan talkin' AFC North football.
The #ManchesterDerby is today, playing at the pub live at 1pm! Who ya rooting for?
We agree! RT "No matter how little money and how few possesions you own, having a dog makes you rich." - Louis Sabin
: Excited for another team effort sharing Make The Call, Don't Miss a Beat, #heart health information for
My number is: 1-800-get-away
It's probable for there to be a dance with life, a creative reply to its inbuilt limitations and issues.
your penchant for consistently picking on Mario Chalmers is amusing
From Tech Maven to Jane Austen Geek Sandy Lerner, co-founder of Cisco Systems, spent more than 20 years working on a sequel to 'Pride and
I finally finished the last part of , great movie kids, it's worth checking out!!
▲▲ To LAZY to work: To BROKE to quit: so I go to the bathroom and fake a SHIT! #realtalk lol ▲▲
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them. - Ernest Hemingway
Much thanks to who constructed my awesome clothing combination today! :)
I love you guys. Thanks
Oh boy. Need to figure out a way to get my old papers off of my old Mac format 3.5 inch disks if I ever want to apply to 'real' grad school.
omg yes please!!
The Cool Kids - Bundle Up
Sometimes I feel like I'm practicing project management without a license.
Pfah, I had that. Blame the rain delay for me giving up anything.
Fish tacos and craft brew. Post workout food?
Boys, don’t date the most beautiful girl in the world, date the girl who makes your world the most beautiful.
I guess those "truths" aren't "self-evident" to the wingnuts.
Putting the finishing touches on our soon-to-be-released 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard for San Diego. Coming soon--1/25/12!
Since you’re not going through a specific app store, you don’t need to meet specific standards..
Commanding my day to be positive, productive and with favor!
Be careful on the roads out there #Cleveland. Give yourselves lots of extra time.
I told keek that I will do truth or dare and they're daring me to flash the camera..HELL NO IM NOT DOING THAT if you want porn go to UR mom
I have to die with money cause I wasn't born with it
Idk what's worse, eating a burrito in public by yourself, or being too hungry to care that your eating a burrito in public by yourself.
one test. fml
right they must of been some good headphones
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR FOLLOWING! UR AWESOME!
we love your profile pic!! such a cutie pie!
Got lots of research to do this morning. But first a quick errand to the post office.
Thanks for the follow where are you in CA? I'm in S.F.
not done tho
right!!!!how are you btw
u have id# & code
I asked if they had a size small shirt in back at gap " we carry more large and x large... " wow America is out of control
defenitly *spell check*. pizza is awesome. nuff said
The week's almost over! Come celebrate with our 2 great happy hours, 4-7 and 10-12. Great $6 food and half price tequila/cheap drinks
i and wont stop. I guess my computer loves it to
the early november
Tronny would LOVE to come back to the Mattress Factory!! How does February sound??
I'm wet now.
“: God loves the Pacers 🏀🙏” haha!
as long as he's not the Anthony Weiner....
Love the NCAA tournament!! Go Hogs!
Lucky charms ftw!
See... Told you #RickPerry is an idiot
he has created the classic movies/TV we love. And even though I did not give it to him, he got his weed in the end.
Shore Club Hotel! - Amazing rate - $295 - 1933 Collins. Walk to Conv. Ctr.! 2.19 Mi. South of Yacht & Brokerage. Boutique Luxury!
I sure hope so!
Looking for a strong SAE/AE to work in our corporate practice for fortune 100 clients for Weber Shandwick. Email
We are in search of a model or models for our new line of video & photo advertising ... any suggestions or to apply shoot us an email.
One of our new clients, J. Mozeley Interior Decorating, will be launching their new website in April. Details coming!
Do not allow anything or anyone to put you down or hold you back, keep reach high and moving forward!
I wasn't planning on going bowling but I kind of want to go now but I have to ask to use the car
Ya Allah.. Hopefully everything is going back to normal. Amin :').
I wish I had a hammock right now so I could take a nap outside.
haha. I know...But if I don't confirm anything then its just hear say. At times I wonder if Hunter's knows about the blog.
Manson, Jones top CD reviews
A lot of graduation Parties coming up ..
The Wall-channeling-Young tweet was priceless...
lol, i see you have a cast on your finger. i could tell you have a sub. Lol:p
Remember no one wins 70% of their plays consistantly.
hit up the batting cage Nyjer, Gomez is putting together better at bats than you!
Such a BEAUTIFUL day today!! Wish I could play outside in the garden all day :(
Are "good looks" and the "perfect body" enough to make it in the world today? Where does talent and personality fit in?
Have a peaceful night everyone :)
Coworker asked my opinion on Obama's announcement. My response, it's a beautiful thing.
Abby Wambach in a skirt has the potential make up for the fact that I will most likely never see a live unicorn.
FIRST CHAIR! Finally. All of you guys who always made fun of me and wanted to sit in first chair can Suck It!
that bitch is jealous of your sucess.
Hanging with a sick kid, watching Alvin and the Chipmunks. It's not my favorite thing David Cross has ever done.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself. ~ Theodore T. Hunger
1) How was Bacon Bday?? 2) Got the sigange for #BizComm12 and it looks fabulous! Thanks! :)
soon! And better believe we're all holdin things down til you're back.
Go #80Plates show 'em how to take down a pint!!!
what about me
yea i know...im still asking :) hahaha
Congrats & Heather for getting your #pdx #paleo friendly Cultured Caveman food cart project funded in only 4 days!
here you go !!
#mybiggestflaw-I wear my heart on my sleeve. I get hurt easily.
Got the remix done!! Gonna work on some artwork for a while then it's back to "Jack-O-Lanterns"!!!
#kids May LEGO Class at Pine Richland Youth Center, Fri, May 11 6:30p: Does your child love LEGOs? Drop them off for an hour each Friday...
Heading to for Nutrition Around the Bump event! See you there.
I like the fries
Torrence is sitting on my couch on Instagram.
And of course the winner my best friend !!
The strawberry festival is the shiz!
tumblr is great but it's a pain working through its image sizing quirks
Welcome as a #BroadwayCab follower! Nice to have you on board!
In Montreal working on Blue Mt state with my old friend Ed Marinaro..Having a great time...Hot and Humid here..WOW
I've seen the movies! But whatever, he's happy without all the money :D
naw u was just visiting sumbody at campus thatsall
Almost got pulled over! Lol now late to dinner!! Hah
I may not be the most popular and sexiest girl in school but I'm sure I'm the sweetest and most loving one.
Very true!
RT : great recording with u guys!! can't wait to hear Believe in Me with lyrics/vocals!!
lmfao mine too
Thanks for the follow
if you're attempting to be critical, be specific.
Stewart is killing the ball. Of course he has all season but the batted balls are finally missing the defense.
I hope it clears up my bout of "Oh god, no. Not another Vera Wang! NOT ANOTHER MESSY UPDO! MAKE IT STOP!"
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Entrust <3 <3
send me ur email address and I will forward u some info...
My life sucks. 😔
Damn my nigga Rob! Smh. Ima create you a file so they'll know you're my lease when you come in tomorrow. I don't work
oh hush.(; don't tell me to calm down<3 dm me loser!(;
Thought dis nigga left sum good movies
Your g-chat status is killing me.
My tweets are public for a reason #enjoy <3
Hello Kerri, Thanks for mentioning my blog on your Twitter account.
My bad I fell asleep.. I will DM you RT whats you psn id cuzzo?
My school lost the football game :/ and I'm finally out of school I've been at school for 14hrs. Finally home. =^__^[
we call him "worthy honorable master sir"
What is your favorite fully automatic direct drive turntable model? Might want to replace mine, looking for suggestions.
tbh, me and my cousin started with the Extensions thing. Dont copy me. i got them first bitch..
Tried & true. RT : #edawn consultant: "I think you have a good brand with Biggest Little City, but what do I know?"
been getting the "this channel will be available shortly" on HD for the last 3 days. currently USA and Comedy Central...fix??
Standing on the corner of 38th and Georgetown with a Papa Johns sign. Fml
was the same at USC!! Whatever happened to synergy?
My Bestfriend's Brother is the One for Me <3 # Haha(:
I'm ready to quit school over a bad haircut. I cant stand bad hair days. I also need to get more sleep. This being tired isnt working for me
RT Alert: our Line Dance Class is tonight at 7pm ($5 donation) at Second Baptist Church! Come out and have #fun Richmond!
as real as it gets...
I have a hunch that Avery Bradley is gonna go off tonight
It's sad when you have to go to the taco bell in west Memphis because it's cleaner..
Kitten. Definitely the kitten. :)
This week thx!
Do u guys like my new avatar??:) hot abs right ppl =)
She tries to sound just like Beyonce, lacking originality. Why the "judges" can't see that I don't know.
Jen Vescio () of ESPN on revenue streams: People pay for convenience, to be part of a club or for perceived value.
RT : Alice Walker is one of my favorite poets.
i miss the gamecube days..
I hear: I forget / I see: I remember / I do: I understand
Hey! Just saw your tweet; we have much in common.
tryin' to convince myself i found one, making a mistake i never learned from. i swear i always fall for your type...
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
Done and Done!!
lol chill, I'm just recognizing the holiday
Right ! People are #ridiculous to get so #tense about 's ad for ! Move on guys, it's just an AD! #hypocracy!
Thanks Chris - I can't wait! I already got her a toy camera :-)
Yeah, but I love German chocolate cake like WOAH. haha
Season four, episode one of MAD MEN: first time we see Don fixing his hair. Moment felt a bit monumental to me.
Yo these cavs 4s r the worst smelling shoes I've ever had.
Keep an eye out for on the red carpet tonight along with walking with !
double feature night w/ the kids. My Neighbor Totoro & Spirited Away FTW!
We're nearly there. Dinner and derby are both important.
Sweet! We'll circle back on this when the games are closer.
Horror movies are too fuckin predictable
Did Smith wind up leaving Condon?
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty; not on your past misfortunes of which all men have some. ~C. Dickens
good man.
It is not a bad idea to get in the habit of writing down one's thoughts. It saves one having to bother anyone else with them.
Jury has come back with punishment for Nicole Turner, woman convicted of injury to a child in the death of 5 yr old Julian Soliz. Waiting.
excited to cross "see Bob Huggins' gigantic, angry, red face in person" off my bucket list today. oh, & my 1st #cuse game this yr. finally.
End of the bridal shower: when the heels come off, the earrings come out, and every woman either looks back or forward to her own wedding
yea I been slipping on my tweeting but I'm back at it what's good
I don't know if I should be congratulating you on that or not!
i didn't do my research paper that's due tomorrow tho... baby steps guys, baby steps.
Cursed is the guy who has found some other man's work and can not lose it.
I'm thinking about becoming a hollister , a&f , abercrombie , or aeropostale model(: who thinks I should try?
What a great day, just finished "Secrets of an Inspirational Life" great material by Dr. Wayne Dyer.
I STILL WANT FROZEN YOGURT!
How's it going
Me:"That game is too complicated." 3 Yr Old:"We don't have to use all the rules, Dad. Let's just have fun." Had fun. Who's parenting whom?
The Anchor Bar will open at 10am Saturday so stop by on your way to flugtag
It was very good! Go see it when you can!
What a great day!!! Dad hung out with us watching movies and gave us lots of treats!! Mom coming home soon with ice cream. Yeah....
So happy showed me the #whatsapp app, chatting with my favorite Dutch friend made easy!
So far pretty good.
Wonder how that happened? Good to have you back, though! The guys name is Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson.
it's time to #GETLIFTED tonight at #FB's! 3 bands, $4 bulleit bourbon, $3 imports, all for a $5 cover. 126 W Sixth St.
its a good cd keep rocking
we all have regrets in life
Two hottest girls on Big Break are in the first elimination challenge.
Marcus. Bro it has been forever. When u are here we most definitely have to catchup.
This girl told me I walk like I have something in my butt,and i thought "you walk around with STDs" ,haha.
If you don't wear silver and black, you're a dumbie!
Seconded. “: Something I don't miss about office life: "At least it's almost Friday" in the restroom, hall, etc.”
I need a burger, stat.
When you set a goal make sure it is specific. "To be healthy" isn't going to help you reach your goal, but to cut body fat by 5% is.
A hoe is like the first slice of bread in a loaf. Everybody touches it but nobody wants it..
I would go earlier.
O.o I hate not having actual internet. I get SOO behind in music. :/
bet well we should play or something ill be im town at like 1 tomorrow
boozer fucked up
Oh cool. You wanna hate on me for liking Britney Spears? Sorry your fave will never be as successful.
"I saw a girl walking around today with an iphone 2"... Pfft what a loser
My pleasure!
RT : Wow. Our easy gesture: fresh fruit at the office has fostered much good will at Try it at your workplace
ONe Thing! Is on q102 !!!!!! Asdfghjkl
What did you want to be when you grew up??? I wanted to be 7 feet tall not a very good goal, I just thought it would be cool.
Wonder if that status was about me.
Brian Schimming: "Saul alinsky was a radical. He would have been behind what was happening at state capitol bc he believed in disruption."
Hm I wonder were and surfing together this morning??? Because they both posted pictures of them surfing 😏
I Love You
Why, thank you.
At the hotel Utah in San Francisco missing and :(
Rock so many hats they thought I had a Lebron linin'/ I'm what the games missin': The Colts w/ Peyton Manning
Yay got my new knitted shorts from !!!!!! Love their sales <3
--Dewayne Russell is now of the market, he signed with Northern Arizona yesterday.
If Madonna sings Like a Virgin tonight, I think my TV will explode
Need Beats? Contact us at: $30 For Regular Lease $40 For Premium Lease $100 For Exclusive Rights
Awww. I needed that this morning. Hi, guys!
RT : Insect screens r designed 2 keep bugs out, not keep kids in. Keep child's play away from windows 4 safety's sake.
Apartment hunting in SF again. Oh joy.
Not my cup of tea.
Dear Jets: GO GET RIGHT NOW! GO GO GO GO
African-American History Month was great! Congrats to !!!
Yes, apparently I am capable of fitting into someone's head. It must be from watching Magic School Bus all of those years.
Do you have a macro set up with the text in this tweet? I've heard it at least 10 times before...
Feels good to have something I've always wanted.
Heart you too! ;) RT : hate you a little
Oh, thanks for the reminder. Turning it on now.
I enjoyed your post on about "Con Academy" but why'd you delete it?
Tune in at 11am with for final chocolate segment-dipping Sea Salt Caramels. It's harder than you think!
If you scared of me if I am a big black nigga, then you rotten and racist! Lol bad for my heath!!
Never turn your back on your enemy...
Tonight it is going to have to be a shrimp, cod and clam chowdah. Time to blitz the cold with soup!
thank's for the recommendation. We'll check it out.
Bloody Mary
oh well there's always next year.
We are very excited to have w/Jim Bernau tonight to start off our Spring Winemaker Dinner Series!!
Live your life to the fullest and never let anyone stop you from believing in your dreams if you believe it then you can do it
Thanks ! Hope you are doing well!
House makes me afraid to be a human.
9/25: 12 pm McGuinn 121 with Professor Anne Fausto Sterling from Brown. A presentation with the integration of gender studies and biology.
I hope you at school !
ALRIGHT YHU WIN THIS TIME!
Happy Birthday buddy!
приобрёл Snap Back))swag
- just finished cleaning up , fina find me some to put on and me and my Bestfriend probably fina go see our boo's
1 exam left for the day
#iDecide2B whatever works for me. I am a teenage father who has decided on a safe, smart, protected, educated, and brilliant future.
OMG i did have my lip peirced but then i took it out bc it hurt hahaha got practice piano bcme and hannah and gonna play bruno mars on it!!
How about those Brewers? First time in the national league championship series since I was a year old...FUCKIN A!!!
I know i saw Ringer got cancelled too. I didnt watch it but i hate it got cancelled.
Follow serious moves are being made!
I have been informed that the nearest hammer is up at Circ. Trying hard to ignore the noise.
It's that smile, that keeps me going.
ma petite princess Cva?
#Packers take Florida State offensive tackle Andrew Datko in seventh round. Up again in one more pick.
where you at Bro
really old why lol??
Who wants to b my cuddle buddy in dis rain and after
did anyone else's ticket and ads change places?
we are bad girls too right? LOL... gettin down and dirty at cricket rebuilding together event! Daisy is here too!!!
Got any coffee go-cups yet? lol. Nice place; I'll be back.
thank you! let me know if you'd like to go out with us tonight :) if not, have a great weekend!!
Everyone in the dance department knows who I'm talking about she has 3 brain cells...
Got lots done today, fixed broken props , worked on comp act. feelin' good
you wanna come over and play GI Joe's?
Hey everyone, just a reminder to click the link in my description to like my pic so I can win this contest! Thank you! <3
sounds wonderful. I'm making choucroute garnie with juniper and caraway.
I just ate my very first hot dog wrapped in bacon. As you can imagine, it was delightful.
haha yeah true he is cute mines would be #PrinceRoyce hands down.
RT : "The determination to win is the better part of winning."
Oh my gosh. Best wishes for a speedy recovery. Have you done the big move yet?
thanks!! Happy thanksgiving to you too :)
how is hossa?
STEALING ANGEL tells the story of Maggie Weaver who is on the run w/her 7 year-old daughter. Angel has been abused by a caregiver
Twice today I made business calls and made immediate friends on Facebook. Pretty cool.
Play what? That sounds like a tech "class" not play time!
HELLO CODY :) can you follow me back? ♥ 143 #allday love YOU :) i'll be really HAPPY! <3
Study homewrk read
Deserves an #Oscar for not cursing or hitting borat aka the dictator
Thanks for all the RT's. Much appreciated.
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
"But she came over me like some holy rite, And although I was burning, you're the only light, Only if for a night" <3
JazzBars with KILLED it tonight! We're working on bringing them back for an encore later this month because it was so DAMN HOT!
This why females get treated bad cause they don't realize a real niggaforreal
Nasal congestion
Maestas attrny,Thomson: in regards to why you didn't ask for one more day: seemed like the judge was always "leaving on a jet plane."
Thank you very much! You'll start to see even more interesting Tweets soon, referencing "Scan for the truth!"
Control the options: get others to play with the cards you deal.
When are you heading out?
#TrustYourIntuition #KnowThySelf RT : How has medical cannabis improved your life?
Are they for real? Seriously? Guess they want no one to watch. Whatever.
lowest level of coaching/teaching/training, only one method of motivation....criticism. Sad
Lots of chatter about student loans today. How can we make college more affordable for Latino students?
To you as well! I will check it out!
Feel like an evangelist have told two people this week about the glories of all the treasures to be found-One a stranger on the subway
damn u sexy
LOL MY PERSONALIZED ONE FOR TONIGHT ;) DURING THE SPEACH
you should...Let me..be really happy and follow mee ♥x
I'm going with friends both days. The weather couldn't be any better. I'm excited to see
At Taproot orientation and happy to see the room full with about 24 pro bono volunteers
Lol its okay.... Youth is still on your side!
do you need any volunteers for the Diabetes Sports Camp? Let me know.
Go #Terps! RT : Terps on fire!! Keep it up !
Hope your Thursday is going well + ! Thank you for being our newest followers.
RT : Prayers go out to and Gregory.
hate is a strong word... i bet she hasnt had the right one
Then we gotta anchor that bitch down..! Lol RT Hawaii moves toward Japan 4 inches every year.
Universal City Walk is calling my name.....
I'm thinking it's just you and me
Check out these Outstanding Citizens:
You can refer to me as GOD now
but how do vampires fit into histories of serial killers?
ditto! You went MIA!
i know your creeping
4 off rebounds for Pierce Hornung in 8 min. 6 total rebounds. Dude is killing #MurrayState on the boards.
#SomberSongs The Pain, the Dark, & Other Stings
Laddering with heavy commentary in 20 minutes!
Hello! How are you? Was your visit to the VA a good one? I'm kind-of back. I wanted to check in & let my followers know what's up.
Happy Bday The Queen of the Universe,the one only Madonna!
No your pretty smart. You know stuff.
haha nope, i'll put up 12 bucks to win $2 from you. Mayweather is too slick. Ortiz is scared.
My Internet line is finally back up after having been cut by construction workers
Let's do this , Class Of 2012 ;) <3
Its raining out so I get to sleep with two wet dogs in my bed.
Today's guest is Jordan Goodman... decades of helping Americans improve their financial situations. We can all use that help! Join us!
Off the work grind! Literally lolz now for a good workout n some lame hw :P
Really? Spam on Twitter? That's why I left Facebook!! Sorry to everyone who got spam from me!
A collection of rare thoughts is nothing less than a cabinet of intellectual gems. William B. Sprague
you should do a Q&A then
Thank you!! Yes, my tweeting has been down b/c everyday is crazy busy, LOL. Hope all is great with you :-)
Got a very small taste of the schedule of a touring performer this weekend and have a new level of respect for the grind
I'm working at home.. igg :| x x
Dwight, you ignorant slut .
Fuck being the only sober one!
That's excellent! Where-abouts is it located? Always interested to see where the new DH-focused centers are popping up.
“: That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker & there's no way around them” Just Like Work!!'
Sixers will battle Boston. Still hurting from 4 losses in a row. That was unexpected.
Posted on a friend's wall: If Reagan was our Teflon president, Obama is our Velcro president.
yes we ship perfumes abs colognes to Bermuda, would you like to make an order?
#fitfluential Would love your help getting to 500 followers on this Friday!
Listening to David Houle All City #vistagedc2012. Thank you !
Rain on my head call that brain storming
My favorite AFC West team to HATE is ______________.
My son has never seen me cry...almost today....nickname time for this team
Hahaha no sadly! My heart rate is still over 100
Up early hoping to go see avengers this morning!
Good AfterNoon Now :)
!cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv
i should be there. will spread the word to govinfo types in the library
ima be at the 12AM show the morning it come out. lbs.
Sitting at the mall on the puter watching the parade of people go by me. It looks like there is no clear cut dressing style for Saturday AM.
good morning cranky pants :)
Does anyone know where to get mantones here in San Diego?
Mike Vick A Beast!!!!!
I love happy endings.
I literally just watched an episode when I took a break like 40 minutes ago. I'm there in spirit, haha.
I think I'll just have a lot of cats.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit.
Attended a screening of with a Q&A with director at Lincoln Center. HIGHLY recommended! I cried a little...
Poised Creation has met many great people in Arlington! We would like to thank you for your kindness!
but wait, doesn't that contradict twitters own terms of service?
Omg the Stanley in The Streetcar Named Desire is not bad, not bad at all >;D lmao
count on me, anytime! jk. it will go well!
give it ur all and shoot everything lol
Moving home, Packing my life into boxes!
Work is closing at 3pm today for snow. Of course now it looks like the sun is trying to come out.
no he just says it very very asian.
im not right now lol im headed to walmart but yeah we always on when we got nothing to do lol
Midnight for the next chicken announcement!!
Today 1875: Walter Kohler, Wisconsin's 26th governor, was born in Sheboygan. He was the son of the founder of Kohler Company.
Garcia: Looking for people w diversity of experiences. That way they can get variety of recommendations.
um.. Probably like 8 or 9.
ill watch it again with you. promise.
The things you own end up owning you.
wow, now i REALLY hope that i dont get her.
Yes, yes! I'll be adding yours, too. As soon as I figure out those bells and whistles.
: I don't mind the lass of Nat Park nearly as much as loss of public access to the land. Should be a park!
Just heard speak on shifts in public humility, previewing a forthcoming book. Wonderful presenter.
Where can you buy glycerin for making soap?
I love books....while i was reading a book when is this story gonna start the fun part!!! so i just like books change my min haha :p
Help we're stuck in twitter and I can't get out! ;-)
i hate it when people say they have your back then when your down and need help they the first person gone
But he knows you're not like either. He can cooperate voluntarily or involuntarily.
How are you?
I'd like to see if you have any event you'd like our station to cover! Shoot me an email if you're interested
text me!
“: milk is never a bad choice unless you could've had chocolate milk”
Wow! I love your breakfast Illustration!
