Do you know your both from the sticks.
you and I both!
Did you see the video? Because I'm trying to tweet it but for some reason it's not showing on yfrog.
I don't want church as usual or a mundane Christian walk, I want Divine Intervention! God have your way!
Baby u light up the world like no body else......
One benefit of the indie life - I rarely get sick any more.
care package to cali ASAP lol cupcakes and cookiieess! i wonder if cupcakes would survive the mail haha
This born-digital sesh is bumpin'
Hope all is well Redskins Fans!
No worries, Los Angeles. This wind is just me practicing my Fus Ro Dah. No biggie.
that sucks.
Bisping landed more strikes to the back of the head than he did to legal targets.
Hey everybody do you know what's hiring any good job out there im tired of the one I have
RT : People saying B , You should be a preacher , Like I told em far back , I'ma be a teacher
A person who truely loves you Is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else still believes in the smile on your face..<3
EXACTLY! To them compromise is even a dirty word
laying hur reading all my old messages ! =') they bring back so many memories !
can't wait to check it out today!
was getting 1.4:1 on his $. His hnd nvr ever any good vs me w my stck size & his propensity to 3 bet...knew precisely how he'd play
Obama can't win on same-sex marriage, even among his base: Looks like he just followed Biden's lead. NYTimes survey reveals wide skepticism
Happy Easter everyone
You guys if It says that I unfollowed you I really didn't my account did.
What's it gonna be? “: There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book. - Josh Jameson”
Happy thanksgiving to and :)
i'm trying to find that mexican song from the radio but i can't.. D:
Well in my country we are being torn between are loyalty to are long time allies and the tweets are keeping us awake sigh...
is there any way i can search for instagrams where other users have tagged me?
1,100 some web pages built in the past week, only 730 more to go...
I heard that too!
#1ThingAboutMySelf is worth 2 things about yourself
closes by thanking the hardworking #bmorehistoric volunteers.
i need an extra day in the week an extra hour on the clock just to show you how beautiful you are. You are so good to me. <3
What's your favorite restaurant in Louisville? Tweet us at
Love my man cant wait till our wedding May 18, 2013 so in love.
I love a good thunder storm on a hot Summer day!
If You Cut Somebody Off Going 10 Miles Slower Than Them You Deserve To Crash.
What about doofus? I get that a lot.
Photos went well. Now to write up press releases... Anybody know some local writers, bloggers, media contacts, etc.?
Wishing I was being fucked by a bodybuilder and I could suck on his nipples while he fills my ass full of his cum...
Uh oh - this can't be good -
I like that Bristol Palin is blogging about traditional marriage. I'm going to use my English degree and start one about particle physics.
Glad we had that blood drive in the building a while ago. #GiveBlood Host
Am trying to get excited about Snow Leopard, but it's not that sexy. I guess I'll settle for calm satisfaction, which doesn't suck.
Jay, I'm pretty sure you promised us if you had a daughter, you were gonna call her Brooklyn Carter.
Ha! You're welcome!
Louisville!! After and tonight come rage at Hideaway with and ! Music till 4am!
It's so good. Admit it! RT : Watch out is breaking out in song during the break
About to eat the hottest pepper in the world.
Registered & Excited to learn!
The #photos for the new #book about #trade and #integration #MERCOSUR are done! I'll post them on Monday :)
Where are all the moths??
Architect Beverly Willis inspires as she asks us 2 Imagine what it would be like if women could design half of our environment.
To whom much is given...
omg grace it's heaven. My all time favorite song is More Than This. ❤💜💙
Great meeting/dinner with friends from tonight. Looking forward to see them all at #TheNetwork_JFGW event on Oct 13. Have u RSVPed?
It's a fully operational battle station.
I love walking into places and being told your eyes is low and u smell like a pound. I'm like good.. bitch... Mission
RT : Love your enemies because they bring out the best in you.
I'm around for good I has some travel to PGH but I work in MD
A paywall like DMN's is the equivalent of saying "trust us, we're great."
"Dear X, thank you for the guest post offer. We feel content should create more value for the reader than the writer. Don't offer again."
I have a new found respect for the athleticism of strippers.....not the profession but fitness level.
So excited for some much needed girl time with my girls #hottubparty :)
I know I'll be there, I'm just worried I'll nod off and drool on my tie!!
The more talented a person is, the less they need the props. :)
Sounds like great mix, except you're missing one important piece: #Pilates!
Thinking about pulling the trigger on em?
#DropItLow I love dancing to this song <3
no smell, no tell scotch
lets celebrate!!! :-) xoxo
Who vandalizes a monument? For real though. That's so disrespectful.
Upcoming show Sat, May 12 in Brooklyn. More details soon. Definitely don't want to miss.
ooh, don't hate!
xD yes If but in twitter i speak only english xD
EXCELLENCE IS A SEED PLANTED IN DEDICATION, WATERED IN DETERMINATION, & PICKED IN COMMEMORATION
: May I ask what city you are in, and do speak to groups?
Eric Alan- Radio South Africa interviewed Roseanna Vitro this morning..The Music of Randy Newman - Motema Music
dont get me started.
Shouldn't the WordPress link in the footer of your site be pointing to .org (self hosted) and not .com? :)
Attended a fun seminar on typography & fonts today. May start buying up fonts.
Breakfast with eryn at the flying star!! Happy birfday dwayne
you aren't crazy, we just don't speak on what's going through our heads.
Agreed,not very clever at all,as well as counter productive. Thing is our own pro equality allies are using it as a "homage ".
Trend setter. You the copy type
I vote for Botanas!
The Possibility Factor Prayer Journal is your 30 Day guide designed to build hope and increase faith Order NOW on KINLDE...
where do you live ?
For taxpayers, not a moment for cheers RT : Cheers: Maryland's state lawmakers will be returning to Annapolis
RT : HubSpot users - today's #InboundLearning webinar is about the Advanced Landing Page tool. Join us at 2pm ET -...
Aw im bored its raining and im hungry..!!!! Even though i jus ate BOY AM I A PIGG..!! Lol
I've been blessed with the best writing an production team in Atlanta. I give all the glory to god for them. DREAMTEAMDONTSLEEP!!!!!!!!!!
Leave it up to to pull off a kick-ass theme song.
dude I'll be back 2morow my momma shit on my life nd made me stay home :( I feel so weird not bein with one of u guys lol
": I want to see the finished product....whatcha making" hey lady I will soon!! :)
“: Niggaz Fronting Knowing Damn Well they'll Smash every chick in the Pics u putting up!! Damn Shame”
thanks, love!!!!
i havta pee...
your awesome Trinity! ;)
haa well my whole day is ruined
In Going To Take It Slow This Time.
why is that? What is 's position on enviro, LGBT, education, guns, trains, etc? Don't know enough about him.
LOL nice, indeed. It's quite nice, actually. If they nag, you can just mute 'em. ;)
Rome, Rome, Rome, Run, Run, Run, Well, Well, Well, sick, sick, sick. Also, happy for u about the interns! You def need the help
that's what's up!
2 all of the Powerful Ppl in real life .. FYI .. When U look around & every 1 is not only uncomfortable but horrified by U ..
Right?! It's so good. I've done some of the series on there myself.
she shouldn't pisss off her fans! # backlash RT “: wonder is she seriously deleted her account -gonna try again ”
": I like you but i dont know what to do" just let David know
Ah, now there, that's a good call. Nice.
Oh, okay. How was it? What did you end up wearing since you said you weren't dressing up?
Discovery: chocolate chip pancakes are pure awesomeness when you add strawberries ~ Mom's day/2nd Sunday Gospel brunch
The Lord of the Rings, where is Frodo?
what is it with e town guys and nc...first dean smith, bowyer, Ty and you ..
We're all excited about the excellent incoming class to the MA program in DH at Loyola.
As if HKIGH are playing a club in my shitty little unknown north-east garbage town, that is pure amazing
I would like to smoke
You are so flawless. ♥
Uh oh, bible camp opened up and the sds agnostics are confrontational...
Thanks for the follow! Wish you'd published my recent blog comment on the interview with Julia Chuang.
you should totally do it! I definitely wanna run it, although a zombie would be kinda cool
“: So glad my Patriots drafted some boys to beef up that D. Superbowl ring #4 comin to ya Tom! #PatsDraft” <<<< not happening
I need a picture of my f-o's & I for my senior scrapbook!
Kentucky is throwing down some good dunks today.
Pity the Beautiful new poem, new book of poetry by Dana Gioa #USC #Writers conference
sweet. Just make sure you finish that beer for me!
word I'm gonna check it out
RT if you love One Direction<3
Why the hell don't you start the show with Sheep Dog trials?
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there!!
Hate it when cops ride my ass and I can't break check them.
can't wait to see julian on abdc!!!!
me too!! It's driving me crazy right now!
#BreakingNews: Andrew Luck will also be picked first in the , , and Drafts.
Monday monday yeah yeah yeah
Just looking for something real.
Girl who smoke
The awkward moment when the answer to a math problem Is 69.
I haven't gained a single follower in the past two days..... #NoOneCares -___- but if you do follow me, #InstantFollowBack <3 soo #Hmu!
Follow Friday
yay fathers day
Hope all the guys that crashed tonight are okay!! Love yall
:) The other was interesting, too, actually...
bahahaha that text inspired the thought. #fuckoff froggy, I'm driving
And I say this despite my conviction that Obama has been a terrible President. There's a diff btw ...
CD Release party for Shannon at the Fine Line, come check it out!
Getting ready for awesome cooking class with chef josh !
is selling my cd and vinyl by the name of Letter Box - Buy local!
Gettin baked @ this weed dispensary called #CANNABLISS with my boo thang
hell yeah matey!!!
I'm a rockets fan. But since they aren't in it, I wouldn't mind seeing Kobe, Durant, or Bron win it.
Syracuse looks like they want to go home.
Spaghetti Dinner Fundraiser Location:Fayette Plateau Vo-Tech Center Time:11:00AM Saturday, August 28th
it's not very good but whatever lol. Lori's is way better than what I can do.
LOL my night has been made
#agirldeserves Good Love Rocken knocken Boots All Night Long
El after!
Good morning all!! How are you all.
PIANO IS LONLEY. TALK TO ME.<3
I have to quote Mr. Rogers today because,"It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood." Sunny, Sunday.
Lmao man what happened to that guy?!
Watching B.A.P.S love this movie!
Whenever anything disagreeable or displeasing happens to you, remember Christ crucified and be silent. ~ Saint John of the Cross
birthday tomorrow (:
we think of it as "our" library (ie the community's library), not my library or their library.
Campus Superstar is thrilled to announce as a judge at our Carnegie Music Hall on April 1, 2012 at 7:00pm! Don't miss it!
I totally agree! I am imagining myself in the suit, I think it would be very eye opening!
Sounds messy. I'm in.
yeah thank you
well happy birthday! Hope you have a good one :). We will have to get together after the holidays for a cocktail to celebrate!
Hello- do you know of any lunchtime weekday group rides?
Or else would've breaked lose >.<
My own place of work stopped following me again
results are from a Web survey done by a major job-search website in Taiwan, sample=members of the job search site (3)
Going to trivia night tonight? Be sure to post pictures & banter to #AdworkersTrivia. Good luck!
It's gloomy outside. So hard to get out of bed.
Apple to unveil iCloud and new iOS, Mac software – CNN
Speaking of , if you don't follow this wonderful, witty lady, you're missing out. There's no better #Packers ambassador, either!
Aw shucks. We love you too!
#InterceptionGiants Yeah #giants , Screw you #TomBrady We GOT THIS
We'd like to acknowledge all our new followers from the past two days with a high paw to each of you. Welcome to the FreeHand Corps!
Thanks everyone , hope you have a great new year and a jammin day !
lol. why u yelling?
Seems like the Fords are plenty strong, but I wouldn't count out the Chevy's
just been looking for jobs. How was the move?
I would say..esp. when performing/playing, extra strings...Martin brand strings no less. Nothing but the best...and a capo.
Rosie needs her own show! She is amazing!!
Our work is cut out for us! Its a big day in #ERISA-world: final #feedisclosure rules, 2 new sets of proposed #IRS regs & stmt.
dont know what ur missin ... the hood where #REALITYHAPPENS real people not being pretentious and fake
not sure what you mean by respecting or "the fight."
Maybe if you didn't stay out so late, threatening to shiv some bitches...
I never get anything done nowadays cause I'm always on twitter.
no. We also wore nike high tops.
Christina Agulera looks so much better with her hair down and straight.
too bad only like 40 people went and like 10 were 8th graders..
Gone world I'm in alien
please follow me <3
Damn I'm mad Boston lost.
Good Morning #Denver! Just signed two new musical artist to perform at the #ShineYourDivine #event in June! Releasing all info soon!
I've never had that one. What kind of salt do the use?
Thank you so much for adopting Molly and giving her the life she deserves!
My son just broke the glass front on his iPod touch, anyone know the best repair solution. Best = least expensive.
In everything we do, our own thoughts can help us succeed, or they can help us fail. Maintain a positive attitude. .
i'm gonna tie you up with a bow 🎀
Just enjoying the sun in DC! Happy 1st Day of Spring tomorrow everybody!
damn right! My guy
Dont be black and play ball with Hispanics they get mad if your natural talent comes out.
we wish you would have been there too! Maybe next year.....
if segel is in another rom com I will fucking kill myself
it's like peanut butter and chocolate for B2B marketers!
I wanna sleep again -.-
how are you, BTW? It's been ages we don't write. Are you still in HK? I read one of your short stories some time ago & loved it.
And with that scoreless inning, Kevin Gregg's ERA is now reduced to 21.89.
Drinking an Ommegang Seduction and watching a Bad Girl's Club marathon. I can't help but love trashy TV
No it's fine #LIRR, make 10 extra stops this morning.. I don't have anywhere to be or anything.. 😡
damn i forgot about that
Come warm up with some coffee or soup and enjoy a day of Playoff Football! As always HAPPY HOUR is all day, everyday!!! fb.me/cablecarpub
Day 3 of P90X. The hatha yoga was much more difficult then I ever expected. Long road ahead, but will be worth it.
How silly of me to try to check the #Apple store website on the morning of a major product launch ...
Louisville very tight
Thanks for mentioning us a few times on your website! We've noticed quite a few of your visitors signing up.
Working on a release schedule widget showcasing upcoming theatrical & DVD releases. Any parties interested in trying it out?
Thank you!
Success is contagious --- surround yourself w people who will make you better.
The only place we have to see before we die is the place of seeing God. And His presence is everywhere for those who slow to see.
I don't know how this happened but yesterday at practice we rocked out All The Small Things.
Whoa! You have such good taste! Queue up!
I want to go to there. via Nueskes: LuLuBayView Today's Soup is Beer Cheese made w/Nueske's #Bacon, Riverwest Stein, & #Wisconsin Cheese!
Please refrain from nuance except in the privacy of your own home.
Trying to get some more overtime in this week. Yay time & a half!
You are so brave. (Seriously.) No Highbury updates yet but lemme know when you and soccer are there and I can be too.
Eric Fingerhut. It's not about credentials, it's about skills.
Gotta always remind myself think before I speak
Zombie books!
gorgeous day outside
yes it is
That makes no sense!
Lol.Going through my timeline. Augs, you're such a bitch.Haha. Other people seem to think so,cause I lost followers.You're fired.
“: "covering" RT : Kobe Bryant now covering James Harden.” LOL
I hate when you have the lights on & your eyes will barely stay open, but when you turn the lights off to go to bed your not tired anymore.
well I'm not allowed to use my cam..
Actually, Heracles is the Greek spelling, and Hercules is the Roman spelling. It's not really spelled wrong.
Coffee. The most important meal of the day.
Remember me? I still own you a 100 dollars
Way to go girl! Look at you!!!
you guys should do a gifboom before you leave!
I Aint Gone Lie Imy And I Still Love You Baby Can You Take Me Baqk Please *Crosses Fingers* (close eyes) Lol.... :)
Just got done putting on all my make-up. :D
This is not the move
#TwSIG Natural impulse to be both introspective and to share that. Very human impulse to think about it, and share with others.
Been a fan since you were a gay car thief on
CUTE<3 there was never a time that you werent CUTE<3
It's better to have loved and lost than to live with an idiot the rest of your life :)
. pen pals
Sig line on a music forum I saw: "Ask yourself- What Would Ren and Stimpy Do?" Man, do I love that!
Shoutout to my #brother who is officially engaged!
enjoying a great conversation with a client right now!
Together we will float like angels
boat tomorrow<3
congrats on winning #TheVoice Truly deserved.
Body marked up like a subway in harlem.
I can hear your heart, crying out for me ! <<<<<< In my terrible singing voice :)
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook sometimes the website i use for free slightly changes its layout after warning me months in advance
Yes I don't feel like a lot has happened, but maybe it will pick up the pace soon. Why don't you like Simon?
Its good to see #Letang back on the ice!!
Getting my nails done with & <3
Potassium iodine pills to avoid #imminentnuclearcatastrophy? No need. I do lipo.
Late but delivered: Emergency Press Conference regarding the Labor Day Parade shooting- Brooklyn Borough Hall Wed, Sept 7th
Who's watching #USA vs. #ALG right now? Where are you watching it? We're looking for ppl's fav. spots to view #WorldCup matches
M&A Tip of the Day- Make sure your post closing transition is carefully planned. Many issues can come up to plan is crucial...
All businesses have delivery needs. The question you need to ask is how dependable is your delivery service?? www.lonestardeliveryonline.com
Tryna Play Me? ? Not Easy
Any guesses on how many teens in crisis stayed at our shelter last year?!
Follow back??
Did u hear Mcdonald killed Burger king in front of popeye's over that bitch wendy. The funeral is at k.f.c. You going? Im taking the subway
I love new places to try!
Bigger #MLS win: Impact's victory at SKC, or depleted #RBNY escaping LA & their 3 DPs with three points?
People who do things just for attention <<<<<
Fuck I got cambridge
another opportunity to bring out the brooms. let's go !
I want Julie Andrews to deliver all my bad news to me. Getting fired or a family death never sounded so magical.
Seeing ourselves as others see us would probably confirm our worst suspicions about them. Franklin P. Adams (1881 - 1960)
wtf O.o why so late
I guess I'm more a follower than I realized.
glad they listend to your advice about river crossings!
lol were is your boyfriend?
i was at practice...
SUCH A GANGSTRESS..luv it! "'Is it possible to work with me and not fall for me? I jus wanna make this music money. lol.""
I'll b back b4 u know it
I was going to make another chemistry joke, but all the good ones ARGON.
Forever when it come to #bowltrain, but is killin it!
I'm religiously confused... o.e
like that lmao!!!
Mine and Carlos' pinky promise 😂 >>
What is the one thing you must-have in your luggage when traveling abroad?
Everybody wants to be famous, I just wanna be remembered.
thanks for the #ff love!
I just finished a 3.29 mi run with a time of 31:51 with Nike+ GPS.
Hmm, not really...
Made it to Madras, OR. Wonderful folks here! Overall I have to say - people are amazing!
Did you mean Adam Dunn? We have to buy out that contract somehow, and that is a genius idea.
don't look now but lakers are about to find themselves in a real series
Get to your television tonight. #SwampPeople is on!
Smells delicious in the bakery today! What's your favorite baking smell...peanut butter or chocolate?
From the movie "Hook", "I'm big to 10 year olds"
In live you must live the success before it happens, think it, believe it, love it, know it. Suddenly your living it
In every moment, clearly see the sword of mortality that hangs above your head at all times, and you will truly enjoy your life.
first day of Rabbit Hole - very nervous and very excited!
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Tue, May 15 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
"Practice Safe Sex...Go Fuck Yourself." Now that's a shirt you don't see everyday.
One of the Hunger Games' biggest lost opportunities? The score! The music did nothing for the film.
CAN'T BELIEVE # SCREAMTOURNYC IS TOMORROW!!!!hjruwhdwkju
chillin and you
#alliwantforxmas is everything from
Is it Summer Fridays yet? :) We did get into publishing for a reason...
Watching all of the #bond movies in order. At least the ones with Sean Connery in them. Diamonds Are Forever now
I believe I have the Lulu figure back at the house. Those MASSIVE figures, right? My wife claimed it, but I might have another.
PSA: if you want to do business, start with someone's business email or phone. Not with a Facebook message or text on personal cell.
Just like they say the best hoopers ain't in the NBA, the best rappers ain't famous...
RT Is man one of God's blunders? Or is God one of man's blunders?
School was okay today.Could of been better though.
Sigh ... Ive been awake since 4am ... might as well go ahead & get workout done huh?
Thanks for the RT. Have a great day!
It's about time!!! Aramis Ramirez HR #1 for the Brewers. That was no cheapy. Boom!
I wuvvv you(;
Investors wanted for Indie Drama. Budget is fully broken down. Plz review our Business Plan. Demo footage is ready. All we need is $200k.
If I had the chance to smack my brother in the face with a shovel I would..
- all i want is for you to tell me everythings gonna be alright.
Can't wait to see what you two come up with this time.
u and both! ;) Chipotle is awesome!!
I never thought I'd say this but there's too many marshmallows in my Lucky Charms -_-
i gotta split soon. who wants to drive to seattle with me?
doh! how'd I miss you there?
Go Lou! Helping us make Gone! Thank you SO much - you're the best in the world!!!
Do you ever make it back to Madison for a Badgers game? It's nice to see you former Badgers doing well in the pros.
Positive news they moved up the field now they are down two key olayers
you are coming over Tuesday!!! No discussion. It is happening! And we are making cookies probably :D
it is so good! Does the trick on sunday afternoons
My body heals extremely fast
i can dance an sing this away. i can be like fuck that nigga. i just choose not to. Don't judge me. i'm still a thug
I hear you're blowing up FB about sports bets. How about you pay off more of your debt? Don't make me find you again.
I'm sorry I've neglected you, Twitter. No more Foursquare-only updates. Promise. Plus, how else am I going to use my "skills."now?!
sucks don't it? Feel better!(:
I hate when I want to retweet something, but the way its typed annoys me.
Every day is a day.
You don't need power to have an opinion, or to do what's right.
Anyone have any experience with using glue in their mouth?
me too! think I'm gonna see it anyway, but still disappointing
I love pinterest bc it gives me ideas for recipes, clothes, decorations, etc. It's addicting!
What do you all think about Google+ 's new look?
Mom love music? Take her record shopping! Enjoy her favorite songs with her! Memories last longer than flowers.
thank you for your kind words during this difficult time.
Going to my first sleepover conference this week. What important thing should I put in my suitcase?
For whoever wants to save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for me will save it Luke 9:23-24 HE>i
thanks and happy Easter!
obsessed with my new #kingsizedbed starfishing every night
Branding mistake made by musicians: being unique in an area that is not relevant or considered valuable by others
Smh I'm getting irkked. I wanna go home!!! I hate when I don't drive
booking travel is still a horrible experience. someone please fix.
Ran into #jkrowling today. Perfectly executed an awkward glance in her direction, snickered internally, then mumbled
Next race will be the Madison to Chicago 200 miles relay this Friday. We have a team of 11 runners, and it will take about a day to complete
I will! Thanks!!
"Blues guys don't retire, they just drop" - on NewsHour
People who put headphones on while driving are stupid.
"Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you really are." - Bernice Reagon
Feel the <3 RT : bWe're spending it together! :-)
that's what's up.! I know you balled out so no need to ask..
#BOGO at Edibles bar tonight, with a surprise guest bartender !
What are words if you don't really mean them when you say them ?
d'aw(: he's so sweet! haha i always think the best covers will be the old ones♥
But its gotta have benefits, living wage, and the golden ticket: stimulation. Something that challenges me. Thats why I did the phd
I should eat, but I'm not hungry. Only I've got a friend convinced I have an eating disorder (UNTRUE) who's checking my diet like a hawk...
'The Net' must be really confusing for millennials.
ok :D
ask your dentist but I bet local is okay and they'll know about delaying wisdom teeth removal
Looking forward to seeing our factoring friends & meeting new ones this week! Huntington Beach is a perfect location for
dayum haha well that was expected
Kate...why did you just send me the link to one of your ex-boyfriends youtube videos? I dont care:b
Rondo: Look at us will be fine! *drops mic & walks away*
That awkward moment when you're talking and you realize no one cares about what you're saying...
married his best friend two years ago today, but it has been 30 years of living together.test ifttt
this post by is by far one of the funniest things he's ever done...MUST read
Now they have a Trevor project commercial! Watching glee late... lol
you can custom build one, open up pandoras box
Calories are just little tiny creatures that live in your closet and sew your clothes a little bit tighter every night.
none of the graphics are showing on my account all the avatars are blank in TweetDeck and Linkedin too. Any ideas?
When there is love, the possibilities are endless.
My insecurities could eat me alive.
Where did you acquire such impossible gossip?
Hey #Saints fans, fry some more food. This is going to be a fun night.
I wish some people actually thought about what they were going to say before they start spurting more nonsense
- a fine 2B and reportedly a great dancer!
hadn't really thought about it yet. Are you looking for a FireWire audio interface?
GOD BLESS
Whoa!!! Perks, somebody gettin a iPhone. Btw, that somebody is me. Yea
RT : . ' session will be a tactical look on how to utiliz events to source candidates. #SourceCon <-
Local ACLU raises concerns regarding recall petitions, saying process could jeopardize domestic Violence, stalking victims.
can do no wrong.
“There’s never enough time to do all the nothing you want.” - Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes << via ... and it's so true!
I can't even rub 2 pennies together. Smh.
Why is Sunday Funday trending. I hate Sundays.
your not? :o
only free evening this week! must be busy!
You've heard it a million times before, but it's absolutely true -- hard work pays off. Practice doesn't make perfect, it makes sense.
ACTUALLY!!! he confirmed it..lol
Over here watching Little Bear with Adrian . lol HEs really into the Tv he hasnt made a single noise yet lol.
follow me and i can dm you back.
Looking forward to first ever WPT series in Jacksonville tomorrow !!! www.jaxpokerroom.com for schedule. Was jammed there today !!!
Now you're feeling more scholarly I hope =)
Nope sorry .
#icantgoadaywithout working on 's projects. it's a 24-hr job.
I'm a pretty pony.
Hoping we get to party tonight. 🎈🍺🍸
lol what can I say!
1st interview went good now waiting on second interview!
I read her whole site. Tears!
Made some chocolate covered strawberries! who wants some?!
That sounds like a sweet start to Saturday.
notre dame looks decent this year golic.
lol! #minordetail well i'll probably be at the airport by the time you land! Yay!
Seems like the only caring & thoughtful thing I can do Micha!
Fasho n I'm FUCKIN wit gotti when he touchdown n MILWAUKEE...N GUCCI WHEN U COMING TO MILWAUKEE
Social Media Marketing Tip: Learn to write a headlines that make people want to read the rest of your article
real fans can't afford the seats!
what r Pobs?
not that I am a bitter loser mind u. LOL not me...:)
Holy cow! You've got some heavy-hitters on that team, TLE. Awesome! Bookmarking yer trailer...
Where did you get the EP?
Me too! RT : So excited for the #Tech11 craziness today!
has twitter shit just got serious
and earthquakes & Tiger Woods but I couldn't make those fit the photo.
Yep sure is better than plain old yellow. IDK why but I really got nothing else to talk about my brain is still fried from-
have you made it to the playground yet?
very humble by the help.
Had a random dream about .. Creepy. But he's sexy;)
and if that doesn't work you can just slap them.
Dear train I have a play to see tonight can you please move? Thanks.
We just launched the beta version. I will keep you posted when we go live. Thanks for the support!!!
Catching Someone In A Lie<><><><>><
Why'd you leave? ×(
come on!
Nice meeting you too, & thanks for re-following. Would it be less intimidating if I had said five feet twenty one inches?
Happy mothers day to all those moms out there!
why are you getting so fat?
Sushi with my soul sistahs
amazing! scarlett johanson does all her own stunts and its really impressive, well written and quite funny :)
I don't have an attitude problem-You have a problem with my attitude....That's YOUR problem, not MINE!!!
My third leg will be inspired by -- tri shoes ( Type A5's) and a backwards hat. 14.9 miles start in about 2 hours.
Tony P: Lots of trees down in the Heights neighborhood of Houston. Residents surveying damage.
You gotta believe in something <3
Well damn, let's go !
agreed! It's a new era > “: Love how Braxton and Kenny did the big boy drill before the game!”
Thanksgiving is the only time my whole family actually sits at a table to eat dinner. o-o
Espresso just might be the best thing that's not a musical instrument.
yesterday my daddy bought me a life size cardboard cut out of justin bieber.......best daddy ever
Republicans’ priority list: Massive tax giveaways to Americans wealthiest ranks just after an all-consuming desire to defeat President Obama
Loffler Takes Leadership Role in Client Support of Canon uniFLOW v5.1 Fleet Management Solution
-- Thanks for correction! We'll tweet again! Want San Diego wine lovers to know about your #wine storage facility.
The lakers on that bs 2nite dam Kme on!!!
I think you win on the "Southern Fried" review. ;)
have fun and drive safely. We'll miss you.
beach tomorrow! I'm a ghost so I'm loading up on sunscreen!!
Feel like #SkypingIt Anyone down? :)
ate what up
whoops notified
at the hookah bar with and having my long needed night out on the town... time to get fucked up!!! :)
lmao I guess
Had a call back in new Orleans for a great role in "hours" starring paul walker. Didnt get to role , but thankful for the opportunity !
Where can I listen some of your Music? We are looking to put a DJ on our Sakiri Vodka site. May we can ad your music to site!
Today, I Google-image searched "placenta pills" ... bad idea.
come over now before I finish all the food, haha.
yo - on parts d&e of problem 2 - what's the difference in input we provide for direct vs. fully associative?
Dancing my @$$ off!! Relieving of stress!! Sweating it out the pressure is the best way lol...
A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.
Is it worth the upgrade to IPad 3?
and then I think of Klein having to try to do that... And laugh, laugh, laugh. :)
Goodbye Cruel World (Gone Camping)
Twitter seriously has way too much drama on it tho'.. -.-
tonight's gonna be a good night. cuz tonight is Underground @ the wesley. come and worship with us!!! 8:07pm
Great testimony from students on SB 762 allowing more flexibility for high risk charter programs. We support bill as well.
ctrl-alt-delete, username, password, browser, url, left click, right click, security questions, why his wage slip was online now .
I started getting advertisers offering me $$ to plop their ads onto my blog. The range goes from $300 - $2,000. Lots of haggling room. Hmm..
What's your drink for Ken Burn's Prohibition? Mine's Evan Williams neat and Arcadia Ales Witsun
chicken kitchen for lunch ! thats that ishhh !!
Follow back Little monster!
That IS a pretty bitchin' party.
haha that's fine just glad to hear from you. Have a great April too!
Nothing's better than getting wet in the rain.
Tay Your Right :D
LOL I don't know what to think about that....
A true relationship is when you can tell eachother any and everything.. no secrets or lies
The next APS Holiday is coming up! Music a la Mode our music-focused day camp is a GREAT alternative to draggin' your kid to work!
PROTEIN SUPPLEMENTS: 25% OFF THIS WEEK!!!
FINALLY! If they mention you before a break, that means you're soon. Ish.
I take naps...
i am getting excited about #pbl but anxious that my being a new teacher plus a high poverty setting may make it ungraspable
You do this super cute thing where you dont respond to my texts for hours. Adorable.
cool, let me look at my schedule and I'll get back with you on Monday
follow me alex <3
how do writing and teaching work together?
I might, but it's not looking entirely likely. :)
I think I can use the idea of defamilarizing in acting
My dad is leaving to New York and New Jersey tomorrow :( for like two weeks..
I never want to meet you I like things the way they are
RT - My guess: There are more Florida alums in the overall Dolphins fan base than there are Miami alums
Wedding dress shopping this weekend! Hope it's a success.
I decided to research the best parts for each configuration and post the links for each of the parts on my website.
LOL. yeah.. i'm definitely coming now. :P anything to skip a week of school, hehe.
What, me play fair? Pfft.
y u so cute doe <3
Can't wait to watch #HappilyDivorced tonight! Its always a hoot and I love to laughm #FranDrescher spread the word.
Watching great pbs doc #HaveYouHeardFromJohannesburg - power of visual culture, people's protest movement, divestment, etc
u a monkey 🐒 hoe ass nigga!
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn :*
yeah :-P
wait what
Hopefully a younow tonight with ! RT if you're excited ?(; -Brooke
Did you know they can inject novacaine into your jawbone? This is new for me and I am now experiencing the consequences of this injection!
he did follow me and i didnt even know it
window of opportunity A WINDOW OF OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE MONEY - INVEST IN GOLD ;)
After see Diego El Cigala i feeling better,see and heard fusion flamenco/tango was one of the nice experience...grandee
I accidently tweeted the wrong person Ha! Oh well
I can't wait to see you on GMA and Idol I'm so excited YAY!!! :) Hope you have a wonderful Sunday!!! <333 Shan
hmm what to do today on my FIRST DAY OF SUMMER 😃😁😜👍
Star Mentors opens the doors for new seminar speaker members. For more information visit www.starmentors.com
Yo i think im ready.. God says otherwise, im on his time((:
We specialize in buying bank owned properties, foreclosures and short sales in South Florida.
looking foward to the match on Monday. My favorite against my best friend's favorite. The suspense is killing me! :)
Happy Easter from all of us at Western New York Heritage! Have a great holiday.
Those are always better than the angry, bitter ones. Though, sometimes those are pretty awesome too haha.
Darius Johnson-Odom runs so fast his own feet can't even keep up.
lmao....miss those days man
Gettin #sleepy Gotta get my #rest for tomorrow's game.
Why is it cold in the mornings and blistering hot in the afternoon.
Last 3 seasons under Bowden: 23 wins. First 2 under Fisher: 19 wins. Progress is being made.
Today in 1938 a colored baseball (yellow) was used for the first time in any baseball game.
I am wound up completely too tightly today. My heart rate isn't high, but just heavy. Lord, give me strength!
Big shout out to from &
weight loss can be great for men and women when using "Acai Berry" and other health and beauty aids.
Ddub does Dallas tmrw! That combo gets CRAZY!
Lol!! Not really!! It's bedtime!
i think i did(:
the reception after.)
Hahaha that TOTALLY seems trustworthy. Maybe they mean a lovely vacation in Jamaica! New York!
Well, a true optimist sees rotting fruit as an opportunity...
right now on FOX!
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people...."Alright, get in the basket."
Why does my best friend have to be grounded?! FML.
i followed please follow bak
Merry Christmas<3!
Only if I could of said I love her one last time :( rip.
hope comes to indiana on their tour with btr....
Free #Hawaii Island orientation now offered M/W/F 8:30am with free Mama's 100% #Kona Coffee tastings. Make the most of your vacation w/us!
Please welcome DeeMugga89 to the Max life
Dang but glad to hear you're growing responsibly.
whether its the water...or the biscuits ....Nashville is definitely having an effect on my music
if i were able to raise $450k on kickstarter, i could fund this label FOREVER
Youre either going to walk besides me or behind me because nobody walks ahead of me
Christmas shopping has begun. Oh, where? , of course!
For real though, why do we get so amped for fights that almost always end in disappointment & rants for refunds?
Some state #Medicaid programs do NOT cover heart transplants. So, don't be poor AND have heart trouble? #Legislators, we can do better!
<3 What a great day
Read "Academically Adrift" it tells how college profs dumb down requirements to get good ratings from students.
Holy shit, when did Clay Aiken start looking like Chucky??
when is the Hurricane bowing through LA?!! hehe
hell yea hit me up soon
Latest FBI tip on D.B. Cooper didn't pan out KOIN Local 6 News
Youre in way over your head.
Those days where you want to write, IDGAF in giant black letters, on your forehead.
Thanks babe. RT Happy Birthday lady!!
thank you! Xoxo
yeah totally already downloaded it !! It's great
I need more cowbell
u r welcome
#DreamJob: sex trafficking girls.
chicken nuggets <3
Thanks David! Treating myself to a BIG trip to Sydney!
and the local is Christ in his people. No building or 501c3 required
orange county sucks with all this drama.
Very sorry to hear about the deteriorating health of great blues songster (one of the last?) Nat Reese. He is in my prayers.
Grrrr I need to stop staying up so late and get back to my routine
#Paint and #Photoshop are not the same program. PLEASE do not call yourself a #GraphicDesigner if you use cheap clip art from the 90's.
After hours of blindly making tiny changes, finally resolved CSS problem! (Clapped and shouted "HA!" loudly; hopefully no roommates around.)
. travels & stays at motels, eats at crappy diners & sees comparisons. Shows how complicated the US is.
I hate myself
It's gonna be cold!If your pet is outside provide him with a warm shelter.He can injury himself while trying to find a place to stay warm
Who has the best website in the jungle?The Onlion King.
Westbrook...quit shooting.
LOL that would be funny :)
RT : At a meeting of Ward 6 supporters! Want to get involved? Let me know. GOTV!
Operation "Get Cute For My Maui Wedding" is officially underway...workout time!
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
Thanks for following Dudes go buy something for your chicks from her Etsy store. Chicks go buy something for yourself.
#FPRA media panel today. Good advice from - If you don't tell your story, someone else will.
To tweet or not to tweet? That is the question!
Africa = expensive. Crap.
aw yeah! Keep it up!
5/21 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Andrew Kennedy
So far, so good with the new job...really like it so far :)
your the 3rd person tonight to mention today - I heard it was started by someone from San Antonio
Your grandma asks to sew your jeans and you have to tell her that you bought them with so many holes.
Outta town again with the bro see ya H-Town
Welcome to Canada!
Don't you wish! Ha!
Nick Perry and on the same defense? Bad News Bears for the NFC.
I just wanna go home!
Driving & smoking with a baby in your backseat. Losers
I'm glad it worked out. Be sure to find your way down to Moscone area for a WWDC party so we can celebrate your new job.
Tonight is already looking bad
Evernote is really pretty awesome for to-do lists, journaling, notetaking, drafting emails & DB posts, etc. It's my new favorite tool.
Paid debt off then? Sounds like a good use. Heard that's actually what many Americans are doing this year!
Might be able to make the Teb into Bieb and have a Justin Bieber one...
Main Event time. Triple Threat as Davey Richards (c) defends the TV Title against Erick Stevens and Eddie Edwards.
I think your fro is cute too, and I'm not making fun
any paid internship or entry level positions available?
thanks so much for the #addy support!
BOTH!!! =) RT : #idRatherHave weed over alcohol any day.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Humor is effective in video, but writing humorous scenes is more difficult than it seems. Always work with professional writers.
Check me out I am on hole new level i am so hot I snow ski buck naked
if u hit me i wud of sorry
Somehow Old School at Noon always brightens my day.
I urgently need a filing cabinet. The cat has worked out that I don't like her shredding my notes.
Whatever you are be a good one. Abraham Lincoln
Say it like you mean it. Do it like you know you can. Have a great #wOmanifesting week! Let's go!
Got food poisoning bad and all my dad cares about is me missing work. Now I know whats more important..
i can't stop saying raise up lights now. ahahahahaha
There was a blank silence
Sasha on make it or break its reminds me of nick santino
[without knowing context for flights] would it work to fly to either Belfast airport and take the train/bus/another flight?
Thanks Yurop!!! I hope you are well. Get over to the site to see the new TV spot!!! Bravo Reality show Pregnant in Heels on May 3rd
Today in class we had to write an essay about our hero/person we admire , i wrote about <3 :)
heading to the naborhood salvation army to give them loads of old cloths and stuff
great show on Vegas Inc..
Hire Professional movers from All in a Box Moving and Storage to help you make everything as stress-free as possible.
Haven't been on twitter in forever..goin thru 4 phones in 3 weeks is not the biz. But praise God I have one now!
Not trails but a wooded area that might work. Good idea!
Thursday night Bulls party didn't have to be cancelled after all....
SUP. -Katie
Did she include herself in this number I wonder?
go on facebook and everyones statuses are about crosby<3<3<3
I hope tonight turns out great
Metrics are useful. Blind focus on them is insanity.
a lot of them were 2 track tape all spliced together!
How 2 Get Ya Music : Send Ya Music To We Will Review It & Send U There RadioPackages Info
What time is the reds game today?
the windows in my car look so weird they look heka foggy hahah i forgot i just got done smoking in their hahah - got my head in the clouds
😒😒 so you still haven't told me how big Sean could wipe wale
Love too always part of
it's very VERY pornographic. My mom's reading it and she's like "O.O!!!!"
LMAO, yes it is.
thanks for the new twitter name ;)
Maybe I should just change my bio to Amateur Baby Shower & Wedding Photographer/Paparazzi Patrol! This is starting to turn into my side gig.
Go Bucks!
We will let you know when it is ready. :)
so when exactly am I going to "see" this?
Song #18. Kenny Rogers & Dolly Parton - Christmas to Remember
This MFker gone stop saying I'm insecure b4 I tell his ass a few things
Sessions moving fast for a guy wearing a diaper tonight!
We got love in a hopeless place.
cool. I have cut back as well. Although the eating better/exercise thing eludes me.
Really...? Really? REALLY???
trying to man. Ima lay it down and see what happens. SMH
First day of shooting went great! Good Job Guys, Cast & Crew!!
Just finished tracking bass for a new track. Sounding mint. We'll be releasing the new song on Friday. Stay Tuned :)
Another one bites the dust. SO sorry to see that the San Bernadino Valley Genealogical Society is disbanding as of 12/31/2010. ... sigh.
wow... Paul Ryan was just on Fox and called Obama "unpresidential." What a dick.
Listening to Pearl Jam and trying to get some work done, thank you very much.
"Catching up, then getting ahead." - (cc )
#youneedspeed made 7 beats in one day on speed once..lol
i should go to the doctor for my awful knee pain :(
If we valued education, we would not allow college fees to spiral so high that the majority of our college students drop out due to cost.
Yeah- although I was expecting a more self serving answer- like how changing up your look can inspire creativity
Congrats on the cubicle! I love having one! :)
Of nine lives, I've used seven...
that's the only reason they are ahead of the trade deadline. he bitches and they respond.
praise the lord for jersey mike's.
I knew tweet 8,401 would be important!
Ugh WM is 4 hours and im pretty sure Undertaker is gunna take up 1hour walking down the ramp smh xD
What happen in the past , stays in the past k?k .
#cil11 learning about iLike to create playlists that highlight new music at libraries + sharing podcasts on tech how-to
Wow those are some really sad looking kids
Ppl only do what you allow them too *
I finally have 600 followers!
Narrow your focus today and be more effective than yesterday. It's not about just getting it done, it's about doing each thing well. Go4it!
hope you enjoyed the show and thanks for listening!
.RT : Say ths 2 yr children NOW: "I will ALWAYS believe U if U speak up abt abuse, no matter WHO U speak up abt."
On the 42 from South Central to Leimert Park on what could be the best weather day of the year!
& I are telling Wibbels stories while watching a chick flick on a Saturday night.....can you say
heading to Sammy's now for some crawfish...love being back on campus
It makes me like Queen a little bit less each time I hear Freddie Mercury sing about how he doesn't like Star Wars.
Will be shooting the bicycle scenes for the first episode of "On Tap" today.
< he must not know bout dat hot spot lol
lol what happened with boyfran and u? Did boyfran hug u? xD
wholeheartedly agree.
Today is going to be a good day
... what am I being asked about?
Alkaline pH drops are the most practical, economical way to work alkaline water into your everyday lifestyle.
What the dizzle ? You kno you can't hide from cuzizzle. We fixin to get crUnK tonight!!
I ain't changed, but I know I ain't same.
all i watch is espn nd family guy ahah oh nd 106&park
AP coming out with pretty summer dresses *o* gimmmeee. I hope people sell them secondhand soon lol
That shit is funny, don't deny it.
Steve's cat has it out for me-the bitch gets more bed space than I do. He is evil and needs to be destroyed!! Haha
#FridayNightLights in Pilsen tonight - big game for Cristo Rey Boys Soccer, going for the division championship vs Northtown!
in my experience, kids aren't too particular though they would prefer somthing more modern. But many are just grateful for the visual
Thank you I LOVE YOU! I'm patiently waiting on that beast to drop her first project!!!
Christina () really fooled everyone today!The entire episode I thought she was dressing classy until she got up. lol
People don't cry because they are weak...They cry because they have been strong for too long!
you guys thinking of adding a tumblr for post school visits? I'm always happy to talk about out experience with it!
word.... RT : skinny niggas will never be out of style !!!!!!! gods gift to vagina !!!!!
Today is good to plan for your 2012 start the year off right.Plan for your 4 year retirement.
babysitting a -80 freezer at the tail end of a 12 hour day blows
's new album is kind of blowing my mind the past few days. Check it out you haven't yet. It's no joke. For real.
It's going to be a great week to reach out to residents of #Midtown #Milwaukee and work to help improve their neighborhood. Join us!
would've been nice if vanier had told us in the lab that we needed a signedNatToInt method in order for the tests to work
The weirdest ones are the ones that play Christmas music.
I've tried it all, aspirin, ibuprofen, oragel... Best medicine for a toothache: Jameson.
Can you feel it? It's $5 Martini Day! All specialty and regular martinis included.
So borracho beans are drunk beans?
Baby will you be my corona and lime :)
#RAWconf is off to a great start!!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 31
Your best friends are your worst enemies to you, they know all your secrets but they're friends because you trust them enough that they wont
: wow....now that tweet just won over my <3 thankyouuuu for the kindness.....hope ur tomorrow is wonderful! :)
Transp Sec LaHood concludes by saying #Indy is a model for public-private partnerships. Keep it up for transit.
I hope you and your friend are ok....i hope she comes home safely<3
I would care! I read all your tweets, just don't always respond.
Thanks for the follow. I'm breast cancer free 6 yrs later. Have a very unusual tale but not meant for all to hear.
be safe buddy :)
When MJ put his glove on the casket, it broke my heart.
Finally.. tomorrow it's FRIDAY!
if u say so
Note to self: When sending a fax, make sure the machine isn't in "copier" mode. 1.858.550.8000 copies is a few too many.
No Chicken!? or they just outta chicken?
I'm going H.A.M. Cam Newton
yes it will.
Well, beyond Shero, let's hope Staal WANTS it to happen.
Looks like #Uruguay for the #CopaAmerica. It's been fun to watch on
Ya gotta BELIEVE!
They just rang the sake gong at the Industry Grand Opening Night. CC sake buddies
you guys were busy playing mortal kombat in high school? I was going on dates. :)
Snow? Really? Is this a cruel joke?
court on friday
kayak is the most frustrating dip out there, by the time it cuts the flavor is dead
What happened to gnocchi thursday?
Our bullpen has been phenomenal...... 8+ runs in just over an inning? Wow.
Happy Mothers Day To All but Especially my mom
Ouch on that last retweet. Twitter sure knows how to get me angry :/
Happy National Sibling Day!!!! .. you're so lucky ;)
"Higher education is about 20yrs behind private industry in development of comprehensive ethics programs." Is this shocking?
Ran in shorts. Saw motorcycles, not snow plows. WTH? It'd be great if I didn't have a 30mi xc ski race to train for.
Badd Boyz wants to thank everyone who has tried us so far, & those who have been along with us from the jump! #thankyou from #teambaddboyz!
Wrote abt a male protagonist in my novel #perfectlyuntraditional.Picked up a fight w/t hubby coz he didn't act like him
You left a playoff OT game? Responsibility, sure, but c'mon. Tsk tsk.
Great job!! #groundbreaking2012 The National Museum of the American People is ready for our turn to break ground!!
Too dang tiered can't keep my eyes open
Mm mm mm I can smell a rat !
im already following you
Ms. Julia R. Brown and Mr. Davey S. Scoon Join Biodel Board of Directors
ohh Im about to pass out! I am so tired :D But before I do please please please make my tomorrow morning nice follow me?? ;***
Pres Obama voices support for same sex marriage, but N.Carolina and 30 states in America voted and say No. Me= Yes to rights,No to marriage
get ready to go to the salon and do my hairr ! :]]]
with a buildup like that, I'm in serious trouble! Can't wait for class tomorrow... Looking forward to it!
its really good when u listen to it you'll see what i mean :)!! what r ur favorites so far ?!
Watching The Incredibles in chemistry
Fear is the final frontier.
please use
RAIN!!! We have rain...finally...and its loud and windy and booming outside and its fantastic.
OK! We will have added security at the show too. It will be fun but safe fun!
why are you so perfect!? X <3
On way home from modeling audition-my Flirtatious Fuschia is a hit! FAV Fall fashion color
glad you could make it out. I know it meant a lot to him for you to be there
Happy Friday Everyone!
Yep. Game 1
class field trip to the ferry building (here til 12:15 if you're around too)
I own lunches in Boston...were you trying to get a little weird with that comment?
Um. What?
RT : "You let them other niggaz get the name, skip the fame/Ten thou' or a hunnid G, keep yo' shit the same"
THAT COULD NEVER BE TRUE
your welcome...XOXO!!
good stay out of detention! Well be back soon!
Ain't been too sleep yet.
work this afternoon was slow enough for me to finish reading a chapter on information literacy and a couple articles to boot.
Her Water Just Broke !!!!! My Baby Is Gone Be Here Today !!
they was hooping up there
#koreavalentine Your blood is AB and mine is too. We can't be together, our love is taboo.
Anyone know whether you can change your privacy setting for individual updates on Myspace? (NOT just set your whole profile as friend only)
That's a fun one to re-read because you pick up on all the little hints you missed the first time around. #libchat Q6
When you wish upon a star, you're a few million lightyears late. That star is dead, JUST LIKE YOUR DREAMS!
Happy Thanksgiving! We hope your day is full of football and family!
Up late with Ryan launching the 2012 version of
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Prayers go out to 9/11/2001. Our flags are flying
OH by : I feel like I'm 1 tweet away from getting fired every day.
She said she doesn't want to date anyone right now #SheLiedToYou. She just doesn't like you
Your Drunk Dials are my Fav.
ATL let's kick some #Celtics ass tonight!
I'm very excited about following this group and learning about gay writers and their books. I am a writer myself.
More: Hot Snakes, Thee Oh Sees, Flynt Flossy, Purity Ring
And a free bobble head!
Wilson Mizner~ Money is the only substance which can keep a cold world from nicknaming a citizen Hey you
totally doing it! Watching (from afar) as you go through the writerly process and I'm loving it!
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos get more exposure everything is free make your player profile today
☀Good☀morning☀❕
My 2nd audition of the day and I got here 45 min early, 2 blocks away I found an awesome public horse ranch/park. I'm chilling til time 2 go
Why do college kids always reek of maple syrup? I find depaul to be the worst offenders.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana loud bananas
haha who just saw the mike tyson interview at the knick game
Hi, Damian sent me.
Crazy night.. as expected. Thanks for hanging out w/me! RT : My man is killing it!
I know missed u loads what's up
I'm surprised you haven't said your piece on Patrick Kane and his beerability! If there's anyone I want to booze it with it's him!
Bunch of good looking people in that one.
I can't live with or without you
watching #CastleAlways #CastleSeason4Finale again :D :D :D
I want to meet you while you're here! has told me so much about you.
I'M PLAYING REV. AL GREEN LIKE IT IS NOBODY'S BUSINESS RIGHT NOW!
AJAA refs got layed off due to recession and the NBA picked them up!
Today is my Friday! 👌
You are very welcome. And let her know I think that's an incredibly impressive achievement.
Video is uploading now!
there's honey in it?!? CANNIBAL!
Finally have my cards ready to send out!
can't wait to see the pics--& thanks again for the ride it was great to be in your space! #antennahosts!
RT : "A goal should scare you a little, and excite you a lot." — Dr. Joe Vitale
J, just jumped into the Twitter-verse - diggin' it! Wanna come gig in Boston in 2013? Been too long-Happy New Year to the fam
#FridayReads I'm finishing my book club book: Mirage Man: Bruce Ivins, the Anthrax Attacks, and America's Rush to War by David Willman
#FF for foodies and tech fans
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
hahaha beats me and they are always talking to each other too and im like can you guys talk with clothes on
Got tweet but can't get link to work. Trying to i.d. shelter or at least town. May be able to help pups. Mama is tough call. :-(
Dear freezer, You make me SO hard. Sincerely Water!!! Klusoz tonight $1 Goose, Patron & Jager from 9-11p $100 gets you 3 bottles & Vip ...
Huskies looking really tired. 49-21, top of 4th.
Mark your calendars for Women's History month. Come meet Jenny Lind at the Castle in "Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairytale" on March 14 at...
I'm kinda excited to see Rihannas acting skills in Battleship. Even if the movie looks a little stupid & transformers wannabe.
I think has been referenced in nearly every panel I've been to. Museum world superstar.
love is nothing more than saying, I feel a connection, and ur an awesome person. I don't see how that is a bad thing to say
FYI.... I'm still pointing at the tip of my nose and saying 'hm....' to you down the hall.
Yeah. He's either really good or really bad. lol
Congrats....Brewers had 3 errors and barely won.
Thanks There is no sign up sheet to our #womenbizowners #networking event on the 20th honoring
You’ll really get the island feel as you taste the variety of tropical fruits that will be serving at Island Divine!
Not today, but previously, yes. At least once.
so don't follow. this is a nice post.
I'm always switching it up. About once a month I'll redo it just for shits and giggles. which i guess would make me a nerd, lol
Scratch "Buffalo Wild Wings" off yer #mnleg Senate bingo card (credit Sen Nelson) cc
Practice doesnt make perfect...perfect practice makes perfect.
So no need to sneak out of work today. Bossman just emailed me and said close up the office at Noon! :)
your twitter app has not worked in 3 days. Multiple reinstalls.
#ChiCultural2012 Grp1 for a cultural community to sustain itself, it needs to draw from other communities besides their own community.
Just listened to the tomorrow's episode of ScoutSoundsDC by and All's I got to say is "HOT DIGGITY DAMN!"
#maryjblige so tired of this story.
Miss u all <33
what's up D?
Oh the Beastie Boys bridge in Bleed It Out should be interesting. Excited to hear it.
#govconfecondev What are the chances of a double dip recession?
What are you uncorking to celebrate your lottery winnings?
lol u should kum to dallas it was 115 the other day lol
Q: if you leave a voice mail for your wife, would you leave a call back number? cc
If there's anything I haven't missed, it's shaving everyday.
25 days until the end of the school year.. That's 25 days too many.
New flavors galore! NSA Raspberry, Blueberry, Pistachio, and Fruit Punch Sorbet are all swirling at our Mesa location, stop by and try them!
its all this damn hippy decision making...consensus. shit never gets done.
My daughter just said 'wuv yu' for the first time tonight! 18 months old and making me enjoy motherhood everyday
Great labor day and long weekend.
Even Freaks Need Love Too....
Pope John Paul IX, bringing my black out shoes bra.
I'm so excited to go to all the concerts I have tickets for
IGo One Direction is on at 3:00 !(Virginia time) It's going to be the best episode ever! By the way, I hope you see this!
We are now taking suggestions for the Book of the Week club. First up: Hunger Games c/o
so great! My daughter is a huge fan of the movie / book / story. Worth a visit?
Someone going through a table, who doesn't love that?
I like to tweet 
hey kiddo
HELP SUPPORT OUR MUSIC PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE PLEASE FOLLOW US ON TWITTER THANK YOU ALL ND WE LOVE YALL!!
And hot dogs...don't forget the hot dogs.
ok man. sorry for coming off rough on you it was a hard loss to swallow. espn was only worried about showing the 72...
last night got real weird
RT : I love this desktop wallpaper from It helps keep things in perspective while working too much ;-)...
The Hunger Games. Is on. My local. NEWS. JKASFKL;JAFLJAL;FJAF
I used to trouble about what life was for - now being alive seems sufficient reason. - Joanna Field
Watching The Movie #2012 This Is Pure Comedy. . .
is now threatening to fight Shaq. How much do you want to bet he sends his brother Ozzie instead?
Gotta get my rest for tomorrow! Peace out Twitter
HOYAS> Fighting Irish. Don't forget to support your Hoyas Basketball team tonight!
Google is apparently giving away free Android phones to Adobe employees. The phones run Flash, of course.
Just got my ears pierced at at the
Wow, #Community got Keith David to do narration for their faux-documentary.
#askharry how long does it take to do your hair? my mom wants to know xx
I appreciate that Moodle is open source, but it's still too clunky and non-intuitive.
Welcome to the Wired Waffle Crazy Train!
L'Enfant Plaza, I'm not a fan.
Love your coffee!
The promo for the Saints - Packers game got me thinking: Green Bay and New Orleans couldn't be any more different if they tried.
Happy Thanksgiving!! Thank yiu
yup love too
Just got back from sponsor party for Miami Dolphins fishing tournament. Jared Odrick is the largest human I have ever seen!
Come join us for Sakura Sunday Cherry Blossom Fest at Waterfront Park. I'm MC and we've got taiko drums, Japanese food & more. Starts @ noon
where going to malik
You can’t buy reporters, but there is nothing wrong with a little food for thought to get their attention. Send visuals or even edibles.
That sounds cool!
These stupid pants go almost all the way down and then stop so everyone can see your bony anklebones stick out. WHY?
Gilmore try to look a little excited.
So much going on right now and all good things! funny how your life take you on a journey that you never thought it would be!just embrace
I got u
So much to do at the Menil this week! Tomorrow the opening of "Richard Serra Drawing" & Sunday a "Final Farewell" to the Byzantine frescoes.
I LOVE YOU.♥
God bless you budd! You are an awesome man of God ! Keep loving on God! (= love you
hey plzz rt if justin bieber is following u !:) thanks$
Who makes Mayweather's custom clothing? Who?
Shifman: Michigan treats these kids like criminals.
i feel you on that one
So bored. Driving all night sucks.
No filming on THE DEVIL'S THRONE this weekend. Looks like I'll be a paycheck slave and then Adventures in the Laundromat to top it off.
#InstantlyFavorited RT I want to get Ratchet not now but right now
is this a joke?
Most people have the will to win, but very few have the will to prepare to win...
Well, John Travolta, if the allegations are true, you are a frickin weirdo.
Friends. My family is thankfully more south. I heard it was weakening.
Damn my first deal with reality today RIP #ChuckBrown Thanks for hipping me to DC & Go Go I'm sure DMV radio airwaves are rocking
Cool stuff! I'll make doubly sure to see it.
Ridiculously happy to announce that I will be joining as a teacher next month. :)
#MorningMotivation: A man is called selfish not for pursuing his own good, but for neglecting his neighbor's - Whately
Happy thanksgiving
RT :My pleasure! New book about #Constitution signers should be easier for you guys to work into your walks. Love what you do!
I don't understand if "mock drafts" project what one thinks teams WILL or SHOULD do. Most seem to be somewhere in between.
RT : Really! Are you kidding! I am in shock!!
Whenever I see headlines like these, I hope to god it's not in Madison.
Another beautiful winter day. I hope we make it to spring without a big snowstorm. And I hope I didn't just jinx it.
happy to help. Let me know if you have any #DAM questions
#IAmHappyWhen is following me but is he following me .No. Soo im not Happy :(
I want a motorcycle!!!
#Eating Organic foods is the talking of the town
we're going to try to make it! if not to the event, definitely to try the new menu. and SOON!
Took her to the vet, Taylee is fine, yay!! What else? Looking forward to a change on the job. Therapy for my vertigo. Dreaming of my home.
Waiting is the worst part! I guess Ill sleep on it 😒💤
I'm breaking out strobelights and glow-in-the-dark body paint this weekend
yes! Try to keep your limit to 10 a day, they are kinda addicting haha
great idea! CSS3/border-radius, floats, bg-colors, margin tweaks, z-i's and presto! It may just be crazy enough to work ;^)
Yes finally Zamir is back about time u ridicule someone else besides Todd....
Red Skelton once said to crowd that Helen Hunt had found a purse. So any lady that lost a purse, go to Helen Hunt for it.
haha, I look UGLY! But great times!
Seems like the bird man is looking at little worms online.. Shame on him!
#mscdeng3510 folks: don't forget to make Writing Center appointments with your partner(s).
I know! I'm so sad....I'm prayin to st Anthony!
Niggas wanna get paid get high get laid
yea right well Real Madrid has more than barca
Time to cut my nails.
obsessive behav is not uncommon in ftld. If it becomes too much there are meds that help reduce
you're right, everyone wants to hear an update of your life every hour
15 miles early this morning, Green City Market for fruits, veggies and to sign up for meat CSA, Bikram this afternoon. busy, busy day!
Take me back to spring break please
😊RT : and i wish i could go to dennys with you.
these boys don't know
Hope them true red 11's actually come out this year..
dude this guy is my hero
FOLLOW ME UR AMAZING OK BYEE
Starting off the week with a great meeting! Let's build some websites!
Very excited to go on my first mission trip to New Mexico in June with !
yep. Got one about an hour ago.
Use promo code 'website'
After that play, I say
Rent our Nissan Murano for as low as $20 per day!
Thanks Lee. Where are you these days?
what time
give him the stick! don't give him the stick!
"I had heard my father say that he never knew a piece of land run away or break." -John Adams Autobiography 1802-1807
#bandsilove Fleet Foxes.
#Tired? Gum disease causes reduction in red blood cells & anaemia. Research shows 1/3 with severe gum disease had low haemoglobin levels.
I am still waiting to find out what magical things will happen in this year of 2012.
You love it and you know it....
I like the the guy climbs out of the toilet... Like I've tried it and it really don't work like that! Talk about disappointed
Only 3 spots left!! www.thecommercialclass.com
You're a wonderful fan AND person. We all love you! This is and by the way. <3
Have a beautiful and relaxing day! #HappyEaster!
too funny!
I have a few Google+ invites left, drop ur email below, download Google+ App, and u in....
RT : Water is the new oil says Elise Perlstein
I'm bored.... But I did take an awesome nap!!!!
oh well follow me though!
Mcgrady is getting off! Looks solid. Celtics must get some size on him ASAP
hey Jesse
You ain't been this high in a minute
I am slightly funnier. 😏
Now it's time to publish it! Haha
I agree...he's been showing hints of this. So huge. Of course, it helps that Bo hasn't been pulling him after he misses a shot
Keep shooting, homey!
#BTRMagazine Us Rushers Definitely Need It!! We Can Never Get Enough BTR!!(: <3 1D Doesn't Have Anything On Our Boys!(; <3 <3
caught myself using "misremembered" in a sentence 3 times today. felt like
About what?
Can somebody tell me what a 'Haah bresh' is and where I can find one. I know somebody that lost theirs... -_-
..LOL..I'm hooked..just call me Ellie Mae..
Gonna be working on some new * Choreo!* this week. I'm excited about it forsure!
Lmao fuck chevron & their gas prices.
13 excluding weekends
FOX's comedy line-up for next season looks to exceed both ABC & NBC. is a star. Pairing her show with New Girl? Brilliant.
I'm too good for him, it's taken me 6 months to realize that, but I'm so glad I finally did✌
King's Horses, Ampline, United Sons of Toil and Perry are all playing at Y-Not 3 in Milwaukee tonight. This will be awesome. Come on down.
Naw u be on here all day and night...
: MAY 17TH. 6PM. AURUM LOUNGE. BE THERE. LET'S NETWORK!” IN THE MIX ATLANTA
